CAMIOLA : A GIRL WITH A FORTUNE BY JUSTIN M'CARTHY, Author of 'Miss Misanthrope,' 'Maid of Athens, etc. Chapter XXI.— A Sudden Interruption. Perhaps we had better ask our leaders to torn baok with us lor a short time, in order to explain before the stoiy goes auy further why Walter Fitzurse had ccme like ' a thief in the night to vigifc Fitzurse House. He had really come upon a desperate errand. He had made all his arrangements to run away with Janette next morning or that night; he had hla plans for their secret but safe marriage perfectly adjusted, and he had spent his last sovereign in completing them. Money he must have this night, get it how he would ; and he had gone to Mrs. Pollen and atked her to lend him — he put it gracefully as a matter of loan — to lend faim some money, and she bad peremptorily refused him. She spoke to him in w ords of remonstrance, of generous anger, of reproach ; but she would not give him the money except on conditions which he scornfully refused to accept. So he left her in ungrateful aDger and impatience. He tried to find Romont, aud could not ; tried to get hold of this or that friend ; but everyone was out of town somewhere that summer Sunday, and there were few of his recent companions, in any case, who would lend any money to bim or to anyone. Then, driven almost to despair, he remembered Mrs. Pollen's oaeket of gold ooin to whioh he had a key— the key that also opened the particular door ol the musio room. Why not-fcake that money, and repay : it after the marriage. Onoe he was. safely married to Janette Lisle, her people mast do something for bim ; Mrs. Pollen herself, who now owned herself a con nection of his through her late' husband, ®ust do something for him. It is not a good thing for a mortal to attempt to play the part of a providence or a destiny to other mortals. All legend, olassic and otherwise, is full or warning'on that fiobject. The bravest .enterprise begun with this vain hope is likely to come to mere failure ; the beet intentions to beget only the poorest and most perverse results. We shall bot attempt to jastify the ambition o! Mrs. Pollen to play the part of providence or destiny to the people of Fitznrseham ; we Ob'ystate the fact that she had such an ambition and tell what came of it in cerlaiii Instacoes. She was a noble-hearted woman, and whatever her faults, her attempts in Pitsurseham were inspired manly by a sincere desire to do good to some of her wUow-oreatnre«. -She had indeed always foe her tike thought of making atonement i for her supposed or fancied neglect of her husband; but, in truth, her chief desire now was to make people happy. Along with that, however, there was unquestionably a certain delight, keen and ever renewing, in the sense of .power which her money and her schemes of benevolence gave har. She liked making experiments in human character, and seeing how she could mould it acd how it would tern cut. This' was her most" dangerous de light, her most tempting and perilous pastime. -She bad been thus experimenting with Walter Fitzuree. She was anxious to know how he would turn out if a ckauee were given to his real character to assert itself, tit was not quite clear to her for a while whether the good or the bad predominated in bis nature; and /.she said' to her own conscience that she was opening the way for the good to prove itself and take its right place. But how if the gGod should not prove the stronger ? How if the fcad were to get the Upper hand ? Would hot her experiment then only pro ve the-means of furnishing Walter Fitzurse's Iworsf enemy with weapons to slay Walter Fitzcirae's best friend 2 Mrs. Pollen had not asked herself that question when she was makingher maud up to give Fitzurse's ambition a chance in life, and now already, so soon, ehe was beginning to doubt;wbether the bsd was not showing itself in ascendancy. She had given Fitzurse money wifch whiah to begin his career as a student at the bar, and to keep him like a gentleman for the present. She had allowed him to understand that money would not ke wanting to him if be showed a desire and a capacity to make a name for himself in the world. ..The want of a fair start, ehe knew, had often spoiled many a - oafeer that would otherwise have been honourable, noble, beneficent ; and she wet determined that bis chances should not thug: be marred,. . I sen only give you the horse,' she told him, disparaging her own bounty, 4 It is for you to ride the race. If you win, the honour is yours and not mine.' It was not necessary , for her to disparage her own bounty. Walter was not over scrupulous; he was quite willing to be fed from her hand. He took it as something due to hie own genius and his own commanding attributes. Besides, sha had told him of her hopes for the discovery pt a long-lost relationship in Fitzburseham ; and he soon began to think that aha had already found out that he was the missing relative. He felt sure of this before she had jet thought fit to tell him of .it. Anyhow, he took her generosity and good wishes altogether as something due to him, and for which he was bound indeed to be openly thankful, . but which did not bring with it the very slightest taint cf personal humiliation. He was ab» Eorbed by ons great over-mastering purpose ; he wanted to marry Janette Lisle. This, it seemed to him, would be a magnificent start in life. He knew that the Lieles were cot rich ; net rich, that is, in the sense that Mrs. Pollen was rich, or even that Miss Sabine was rich ; but they would give their daughter some money 5. and once he were married to her they must do something for him. He knew, very -will that Mr. Lisle and Lady Lstitia were not by any means an old Gapulet aud his wife, who would turn their backs for ever on a daughter because ehe had married without their consent ; who would say to Janette Lisle when Ehe became Janette Fitzurse, 'do as thou wilt, for I have done with thee.' No ; once Jacette and he were married there would be a wel come in the family for bim ; he would be received amongst aristocrats ; his place would be sure; his prospects cared for. His ambition was for eociety; he would rather be the husband of Lady Lstitia Lisls's daughter than of the richest plebian heiress in the land. He assumed that the Lilies would not give their consent to the marriage if asked for it beforehand; and. he had therefore made up his mind to run away with tbeir daughter. In any case, he pre ferred this way of attaining his end. It would ke more striking, more romantic, more splendid, better as reclame. If Fitzurse had only trusted Mrs. Pollen, and confided in her from the beginning, no one can say what might not have happened. If he had come to her and told her that he loved Janette and that Janette loved him, she would have given him money enough to begin married life with, and ehe would have made herself his ambassadress to the Lisles to ask for the hand of their daughter. Or if he had convinced her that BUch an embaaey would be futile, and told her that, rather than lose Janette, he was determined to run away with her, and had appealed to Mrs. Pollen's generosity and sentiment to aid him in his Lochinvar enterprise, it 1b only too likely that Mrs. Pollen's delight in romantic emotion and in daring effort would have gained her over to his side. But Walter Wak one of these unlucky persons who are described as too clever by half. - He trusted nothing to Mrs. Pollen, and thuB it happened that his two dove stories name- uponjgher at the one moment, and she knew that he had east off poor Vinnie Lammas, and that he was endeavouring to induce janette Lisle to leave her father's houBe. This was too much for h6r. 'My experiment has been a dead failure there ' die said ; ' he is a cad, and that's all about that , I'll put Lady Letilia on her guard. No; I had better see him first aud | talk to bim. Perhaps I can work upon his ie ra, and in that way get him to Jet Janette Lisle alone. Deajr little, girl, I like her all the better for her rubbish about equality and her romance. But ehe must not be sacrificed \- to him. I must intervene. It is about time someone intervened, it would appear.' The intervention thus far had taken only the form of a strong remonstrance from Mrs. Pollen to Fitzurse. Oamiola had once heard some of it ; mere than sha was quite able to understand at the time. Mrs. Pollen had found out through the inquiries she bad been making that Walter Fitzurse was not in any sense a member of the great Fitzurse family ; and she had insisted on his making tbia known to Janette Lisle. Walter hsd pr mieed that he would do this; no$ particularly clear as to his purpose to keep the promise, but quite satisfied that he could tell anything to Janette without endangering his hold on her affections. If he had to tell Jipr anything it would be easy for him to ssy :thai he. had only just made the sad discovery that he" did net belong to the great . family, and that the moment he discovered this he felt it his doty to tell her and to set her free of her engagement with him. He knew very well what would come of this ; Janette would simply declare that she loved him better than ever. -Besides that ehe had a very fond slid f aithful little - heart, she had a little heart crammed full of what she considered nsw ideas about man's brotherhood and equality — ideas which must have been making youthful oonvezts in the earliest days of the family 0! Noah. The quiet, well- ordered, somewhat limited life of the Rectory with its pre-established doctrines and dogmas appointing everyone's duty, had set little Janette longing for some - eccentricity and extravagance of . social philosophy. Walter was a wholly new figure to her ; his way .of life, his talki his ambition, his courage,- his audacious love-making, were all new, strange, and ietensely \ fascinating. Walter knew well that be held a sure place in her heart, no matter what f amily he belonged to. It was not clear to him that he had not made a mistake so far as she was concerned in not giving himself out at first as one of the picturesque race of the prolefaire. He left Mrs. -Pollen's en this memorable Sunday in desperate mood — mood to risk anything. But- he was by so means un happy or even ill-satisfied. He was very proud of himself and of the part he was playing. He considered himself a highly interesting person. He was glad to think that Gamiola now knew all about him ; it greatly enhanced his self-satisfaction to think that this rich and beautifal girl was compelled to be in his confidence, and was positively afraid cf him because cf her friend. Meanwhile he had been living for some time in Lc-ndon in very good style, as he considered it. He had got to know a few men of some position in society; some of them a little fast ; but he did not mind about that. His name had been put up at one orr two clubs; he was beginning to be well known to a certain circle in the West End. He was essentially a flexible, plastic creature, and he tcok to this sort cf thing as easily as if he had been used to it all his life. Perhaps if a profoundly sagacious social philosopher had been asked what was the principal secret cf Walter's success in eociety, such society as it was, the answer might have been that it was to be found in bis heaven-bestowed gift of wearing good clothes well. It seemed to be obvious that a man oh whom well-cut clothes looked eo well must be a gentleman and the sort of man to put up at one's club. But a cruis in his fortunes bad come this Sunday, aud it must be boldly met. He must get money, and he must go eff with Jacette Lisle and marry her. The money was to be had in Mrs. Pollen's casket ; he would borrow it, and put it back after it had served his turn. At the worst his taking it could be boldly acknowledged as a love's stratagem when once he was married to Janette ; aud nothing would come of it. He made bis way to Fitzursebam. He passed by the place where he had lodged ; he passed under the windows of Mrs. Lammas's house, and saw that all was dark there. Vinnie, no doubt, was in bed long since. Was she thinking of him, he wondered ? Very likely not ; probably she had fallen in love with someone else. He hoped eo — poor little thing 1 Strange that he oould ever have fancied himself in love with her. She was looking limp and shabby, he thought, when he saw her at church that day. It, was a great relief that all that silly old love affair between him and her was over. He would tell Janetts about it some day ; and Janette would be very kind to the little gul. He found himself at Fitzurse House. He went up to the front door and rang the bell. He meant to ask for Pilgrim. Pilgrim evidently was cot at home. Ho one answered to the summons of the bell. That was all right. It was part of Walter's plan to go to the door and ask for Pilgrim in case anyone Jghaj&ld; be in. He went away ; hut did not leave the grounds. He hung about for a while in one cf the shrubberies, then crept to the door of the musie- room, and softly let himself in and closed the door behind him. He expected to find himeelf quite alone. The ordinary servants had no admission to that room unless when the door opening on the oorcidor was expressly unlocked to admit one of them, Walter went in, and was making promptly for the table on which the casket stood when he suddenly became aware of the presence of silent Joseph, the Albanian servant. This was indeed a surprise. . WhcT could have counted on seeing him in that room at such a time 2 Fiizurae fell baok at first and was inclined to give up his enterprise and escape from the place as quickly as possible. But it suddenly oosdrred to hio that the destiny whioh ha always believed to have made him its special charge had his interests still in its view when it sent the Albanian in his way; Who should pay that it was not the Albanian who had tken the money, supposing its having been taken should; be disocve r ed 4 supposing Fitzurse himself should not be able to replace it before any discovery was mads ? To turn the opportunity to the feast account, Fitzarsa must openly meet Joseph and speak with him. Then, if any unlucky chance should lead to premature discovery, Fitzuree oould say that he had himself seen Joseph in the house and spoken with him on the very night. It would not be the .act of the scion of a noble family perhaps thus to allow a false accusation to prevail against a poor innocent foreign servant, but affairs were well-nigh desperate with Fitzurse, and he con id pot stop for scruples. : Of course it never should come to that, he thought ; ho would take care to replace the money in good time ; but attha worst it was better a wretched Albanian should . suffer disgrace than that the life project of a Fitzurse should come to grief. After all, wub it not ex tremely probable that the Albanian had no particularly good purpose in prowling about tha music-room at that hour of the night ? So he got rid of Joseph, as we have seen. He did not venture to lock the corridor entrance behind the Albanian, and eo shut him out. This, he thought, might look Baspieicus just then, although it 'was always done by Mrs. Pollen and her few initiated friends ; for the. charm of the. music room was that it was supposed to b9 but off from ail but the initiated, unless . when the initiated chose, for any momentary purpose, to admit tbO unitiated. But as. JcsBpb bad got in somehow, Walter thought it would cot be safe to shut him out. He sat down, in the first instance, and wrote a letter to Mrs. Pollen, which he sealed and left for her; he would do everything as he said he was going to do it; and then, and then — he noiselessly opened the casket. He saw the money, and he stayed his hand a moment. It was not robbery he was beat on ? No, sorely not ; his forehead grew hot at the idea. But it might come to look like it ; it might be mistaken for such an act. Cold drops stood o a hie temples, his hands trembled ; but he could not draw bsck, If he failed to get money by some means that night, all would be lost for him. He took two rouleaux of sovereigns out of the casket and thrust them into bi&;: pocket,. Then he quietly looked ther casket again. For good or ill the deed was dene now. He was about to ring for Joseph and call bis attention to the letter for Mrs. Pollen,: when he heard a key turn in the private door, and in a moment the door was opened. On the table near the casket a revolver was lying. It was Romont's revolver ; he had left it carelessly there when he found that he had to deal with Walter Fitzurse only, and not the ordinary Fitzureham burglar. Fitzuree caught it up instinctively, and stood as if on his defence. Chapter XXII. — Stooping to Conquer. 4 Hullo, Fitzarse 1 who could have expected to see yea here at such a time as this f How are you ?' Fitzurse started, and trembled : positively trembled and felt his forehead bedewed with perspiration.; There was Romont standing before him ; Romont, whom he had believed to ke far away ; and if Romont had been one minute, half a minute, in the room he must have sec-n what Fitzurse was doing. Romont was in waikipg dress, And carried his bat in his hand. He looked as if he had just ccme in. That wks something ol a relief to Walter's mind; So far: as Fitzurse knew, there was nbt a human creature in the house but himself and Joseph. 4 Why, Romont? I didnt know that you were in London. I never thought of seeing yen here to-night.' He put down the revolver quietly, stealthily. Romont observed the action. ( No, I don't suppose you did, and I never thought of seeing 'you here. I am always rushing about, backwards and forwards. Bid you come to see Pilgrim, or Joseph perhaps?' ' I came — yes, I came to see Pilgrim. I have something to say to him; I have been writing a letter to Mrs,, Pollen.' Yon didn't expect to kee Joseph here, did yon.'; . ';;iT V' . No, I didn't; I thought he was. in town with Mrs. Pollen ; it's very odd our all turning up in thie way,' Fiizurse ssid with a desperate atteimpt at a labgh. ' Very odd ; about the oddest thing I have known for a long time. I will tell yon what I came for, Fitzuree, my good fellow ; there's bo mystery about it. I came to look after some money in this very room.' Some money in this very room 1' Fitzurse felt as it his heart was standing still. His throat was parched ; his lips were dry. Could it be that he was found cut ; found out before fce had time to make any profit by hie deed ? Some money ; in this very room ?' he gasped. 4 What do you mean, Romont? Is there money pf yours in this room ?' "No, fiotoftoine ; butof Mrs. Pollen's. She is very unwise in leaving moafcy in that sort otway.:, vShsi $6 id had left it here in this thing and I oonld Vai not rest ; until I had gone = to, --see that it was all right. T don't think:, miiiey ought to be left about in that sort cf way. It may be a temptation- to soma poor devil who otherwise might continue to be an honest man-to the- end of his Ufa. I suppose it is temptation or bo temptation that c-ften makes, all the difference between the rhonest man and the thief.' - v . , " I suppose so— I dare say; By the way, I Wonder, Romont; what this Albanian fellow was doing in this room ? Did Mrs. Pollen know that he was coming here ? Did she send him for anythicg 2' Why) what abbut Joseph ?' ' Well, somehow I thought his manner was rather odd when I saw him here and spoke fco him ; he didn't seem to make it quite dear what he was doinghere.didnlt he ?-' . ? " 4 Nb ; and ha was in this room ; this very room.' . ... - ... r , . 1 Where yduAe now ?' Romont cs&id; with emphasis. 4 Where you and I are now, yes. Doesn't that seem rather odd I What could he have wanted here ?' 4 Do you mean to say, Fitzuree, that you suspect Joseph ol being after this money that Mrs. Pollen left here 2' 1 Well, I don't know anything about him ; he may be a very honest man for all loan tell ; but still ' 4 Exactly : " What sail de honest man do in my closet ?" What is the honest man doing in: Mrs. Pollen's music-room, where the money is ? But you see Fitzurse, that Would apply to you and ipe, wouldn't It 2? 4 1 suppose there Ib some difference be tween you and me and a raacatly Albanian servant.' . -v : - . There- Is some difference, certainly/ Romont 'said with slow jeliberateness, 4 between Joseph and you ; a very consider able difference. Between JoBeph and me ; well, I am not quite so sure as to that.' ' For the life cf bim Walter oould not yet teilwhetherRomoBtdidbrld sot suspect him. Hewa8 becomiog desperate; he had a weapon near him ; it was coming into his 'mind that he would have to use it. Better any- ! thing, any danger, any crime of blood, than to be found out in what he was doing. Ev6n as the thought oame up wildly, savagely in | his mind, he felt that . Bomon t's eye was 1 following his every motion. While he was i thinking of the revolver his hand had an- ! consciously moved towards it, and he saw Romont watcbing him ; he could see even a faint smile of ecorn on Romont's face. At that . moment -Fitzuree felt himself a murderer in his- -heart?; -He -was equal to murder now ; tMngs had> gone with him at snoh a rush ; with stieh a terrible descent. Better anything than be found out in what he had bee?, doing. Better, a thousand times better, that Janette should believe him guilty of slaying than guilty of robbery. Suppose he were tock ill Romont then and' there, it would be easy to invent some story of a quarrel and an assault whioh, if it would not save him from the law, wonld save him from utter shame, aud would still leave it in the power of Janette not to despise him; utterly. To do the unhappy creature justice, he was only thinking now of what Janette would say. All hope for himself was.gone for the moment. The look with which Romont followed the motion of his right hand was a revelation to him ; Romont knew all about his doings, and knew- the very thought of murder that was in his mind. It ke 0 old hill Romont and put back the money in its place before Joseph returned — then let fate do what she wonld, the Worst: would not be known ; and Janette wonld not fca Utterly ashamed of him. The level floor seemed to rook and dance underneath him ; there were strange coises whirring in his ears liko the throbbing of maohinery in movement ; he must do something or faint, If hs were to faint all would be lost. One moment and he would have played his bard of despair ; but he was interrupted by Romont's voice, whioh uttered with the most perfect composure, the words : 'It's ho use, Fitzurse ; Joseph is outside. Don't you remember that ? And beside your hand is shaking ; you couldn't bit a haystack — I Bhould feei perfectly safe standing here; provided only that you promised to uim at ue.' -v . ./.!Wht,-&63$9 do ' fished fiercely. "He the weapon which it wtbucbusg.- He-must brazen the thing out B$fK; bbmcti 'ahd reason were coming back, v :i mind whit I ntp; each other . You are not used to this sort of thing, Fitzurse ; your Impulse was Absurd Well, you talked of Joseph ; you seemed to suspect Joseph of being after this money. Now if yon will jnst wait here a moment. I'll see that Joseph does hot leave the house, and then we'll search Mrs. Pollen's casket. I know exactly how much money was there. If a ooin be missing we'll talk to Joeeph about it, I'll leave you here just for « moment or two. You Fitzurse V;,« Bomont 'flpolw - ijkh; a stem I emphasis. „ I Yes, Fitzurse understood only too well. A j last chance was given him. He was in j Bomont's power, and Bomont knew all ; bnt 1 Bomont would notbefcray him. He made 1 good nse of his moment lone. He put the J money back and; closed the casket once I again. Bomont returned a few seconds after I the restoration had been accomplished. j ' Joseph is all right,' he said. I am sure J you must have wronged him, Fitzurse ; he 1 doesn't B8em in the Slightest degree confused or put out; I daresay we shall find ever j thing just as it ought to be here. Why, yes ; there it is of couree ; six cf these rouleaux ; safe j as can be. Boor Joseph ! I am sure, 1 Fitzurse, you are glad to see that the money j is all right, and that there is no charge to be made against poor Joseph. You are glad of j that?' . Of course, I am glad, Fitzurse said, j sullenly. Well, I most be going.' » You will wait for Pilgrim, will you not.' ' No ; I think .not. It's getting late ; and it does not much matter whether I see him to-night or not.' . « Fitzurse,' Bomont said, coming np close to him and taking him by the arm, 4 we understand each other, don't we? I know perfectly well what you came here to do, and you know that I know it. I am giving you a chance ; will you go away ?' FitzucBe flung himself free of Bomont s j hold. 'Away 1 where?' . j Well, anywhere out of England ; America | or Australia. A new country is a new oareer. Begin your life over sg∈, and begin it on a better plan, So far as I am concerned, nobody shall ever know anything of this night's event. Will yon promise to go ?' « I have no money. Yon know that well enough.' You shall have money. Yon can take this money here to begin wish. Nobody knows it is here but you and I ' ' And Mrs. Pollen ?' 4 I shall satisfy Mrs. Pollen without letting her know anything that we don't want her to know.' There's Joseph,' Fitzurse said, doggedly. « He knows.' 1 Oh. Joseph— never mind JoBepb. What I don't tell Joseph won't tell, I can promise | yen. Look here, Fitzurse, I wish to save you, I do indeed ; and yon are on the very edge of ruin. Pall yourself together ; drop j all this confounded nonsense about the | Fitzurse family ; call yourself by your own name— yoor father's name ; go into a new country, and redeem yourself— and, above j ail, let 'that poor girl alone.' I What poor girl ?' I Janette Lisle. Yon oonldn't surely thick J o! allowing her to marry you now ?' Fitzurse thrust his hands deep into his | pockets, and looked Bomont for the first time straight in the face. a I I tell you what, Mr, Bomont, this is I going a little too far. Because yoa take it iato your head to fancy something or other about me— which may be mere imagination or invention, or I don't care what— you pre- j same to go on as if you were my master, and I your slave. I'll not stand beiag ordered abont by you ; I'll not be bullied by yen. I can manage my own affairs.' Do yon really mean to say that you would 1 make that young lady your wife, after what j has happened?' 'If I go to America or Australia or anywhere else, I shall take her with me as my wife.' Before you leave this place,' Bomont said, 'you must promise me to give up Miss T.iaia or I will go at once to her father and her brother and . denounce you as a thief. No ; you eha'n't get ont of this just yet.' Bomont turned to get between him and the door. Fitzuiee hod become half mad with rge, and Bhame, and fear- — -fear of exposure. He was reminded of the last desperate ntmmw again. He clutched the revolver and fired a shot at Bomont, whose baok was timed to him. But it was as Bomont bad 8iid ; his hand was trembling, his aim was all Abroad, the ballet went into the door six good inches away from its mark, Fitzurse was a good shot at a shooting matoh, but be had had no training for shots fired in anger. Before be could fire again Bomont literally | flung himself on his assailant and seized bis | right hand. Bomont was much stronger, especially in the wrists and arms, and he wts always quite cool and collected ; his physical resources as well as his mental were always at call ; the very suddenness of bis cash at Fitzurse was the result of instant calculation and not mere instinct or impulse. Fitzuree felt the revolver torn from his hand with such a sudden wrench that it seemed to him as if his wrists and every one of his ficgers must have been dislocated by the strain. Then Bomont flung him away, and he staggered baok against the wall. He recovered himself and looked wildly round the room for any manner cf weapon. Bomont understood him. No use now,' Bomont coolly said. 1 You are covered by the revolver, don't you see ? I have been cat WeBt a good deal, and I am used to this sort of thing. For you, Fitzurse — or whatever your name is — I must say that you don't seem any better hand at murder than you are at robbery.' Fitzurse flung himself down into a chair and covered his lace with bis hands. 4 You can: do as you like,' he said, without looking up. Shoot me if you will, I don t care— now.' And the unfortunate young man whom the rapid and hideous descent of a few short hours had brought so deep down into unforeseen crime burst into mere hysterical weeping. Suddenly he locked op, and with a face distorted by tears and agony, he said, in a choking ypjwe : ' I'll do anything ; I'll Remise anything — if only — if only you won't tell Miss Lisle ?' Bomont put the revolver carelessly on a table. He knew ihere was no further need to be on his guard against Fitzurse. Be quire understood now the man he had to deal with. Fitzurse was only the half-insane victim of his own vanity and ambition; ha was neither a deliberate thief nor a determined bravu. _ . _ £ give you my word of honour ; I swear to you, Fitzurse, that I will never tell any human being of anything that has happened . between n. ; il only yon wUl ptomiee to give np that gill. I am joat aa wiUing.andin.t aa frowpfte Id sdvd you of X ww bt|ore» gnu X W.1VV.".».» Ill, — 1 don't believe that you are whclly lost ; no, not a bifc of it. I will be your friend even yet, if you will allow me. You will let that girl alone?' 4 What can I say to her ? How can I get out of it ? She likes me ; she iB fond of me ; she is indeed. ,Wba. shall I say to her? We W6re to have gone off together to-night or to morrow morning. « By Jove 1' exclaimed Boaiort ; ' I have been only just in time:' 4 Giving her up I give up everything ; what do I care about my life any mere? No ; I can't give her up— I won't give her up.' < My good fellow, don't you see that you muft'give bet op? — don't ycu see that after what has happened I mast interfere and tell her father and her brother if you don't promise me ? I shall have to call in Pilgrim and Joseph ; yes, end Joseph ; and to send for the police and give you into cuetoy on a charge of attempted robbery and murder. Joseph saw you take out the gold ; ha was ! watching you all the time ; I know hew you I put it back ; and I can prove attempt at murder. You will spend this evening in prison ; and will probably only oome out of prison to go into penal servitude. These are the hard realities of your position. Yon must see that Miss Lisle is not likely to marry a convicted felon. That is one side of the case. Now look at the other ; I offer you freedom ; my absolute Bilence about all this; and a full chance to yon to redeem yourself and Btarl a new and a decent career in some other country. You shall have money and every fair chance. I don't I suppose a- strict moralist would approve of I what I am doing ; bat I don't mind. I think j that with all your vanity and your nonsense I you have some good in you still ; and f moralist or no moralist, i give you anotner j chance. Will you take it ? Come.' j What can I say to her ! What shall I say j to her?' the wretched young man feebly | moaned. 4 Well, you can say something like this ; I v > n can say that yon know now her father j mother would never approve of the ma:r an3 y®u can sfty tha' yu 1 found tha it have not as much money or i good pros j, i iia you expected; and that I cdo not thick it right to her to drag her I into poverty, and exile, and a quarrel with her family all at once ; and that out of your very love for her— for I take it for granted, Fitzurse, that you do love her ; you are not bad enough to have been merely deceiving her ? out cf your very love for her you think it better to go away and ieave her. Write something like that, and she will understand in the rightway, andihiuk all the more cf you. Then she will remember you always in a kindly sort of way, and yon will always be a hero to her — even when she has married someone whom her father aud mother like, and is happy. By heaven, Fitzurse, if I were you that is what I should do, and I should be glad to have spared the girl from misery, and saved np for myself a kindly memory in her heart for ever.' 4 1 suppose you are right,' Fitzurse said, sullenly. 'At all event?, you ara in a position to dictate terms ; and I have put myself into a position which gives you the right to dictate to them. There is only one way out for me, and that is through the door you offer to open. I ought to thank you, Bomont ; and I do zee that yen have acted very generously ; and I shall he better able to feel in the right way by and-bye, perhaps ; but you have knocked down my castle of cards with a pretty rough band. You have spoilt my game just as I was on the very point of winning it — and I am afraid I can't be quite as grateful as I ought to be for your generosity in lettirg me off — just yet.' I don't mind,' said Bomont ; 'I am doing my best ; I am thinking more about the girl than abent you. You accept n»y terms — that is the main point.' 4 1 most ; I have no choice. It's a little bard on me, ien't it?— that a man should lose love and ambition and everything— even London — all at once — and have to be grateful for it, too. 4 1 don't ask you to be grateful,' Bomont' said sternly ; ' and I don't eee much opening for ambition in the way you were going, and I am not quite certain whether yen were in love with Jannette Lisle or only with | yourself. But I am glad yon have made up j your mind.' | One word more,' Fitzurse said, hastily, as be Eaw that Bomont was about to bring the dialogue to an end. You won't do things by halveB ; I believe that much of you ; for the f6W days that I shall have to prepare for going away — wheiever I am to gc — you wis! not stem to have out me? You will not keep away from me ? That would make people SU8pe;t.' 'I will behave,' said Bomont, 'exactly as I if you were my closest friend. I wiii help I you in all your preparations ; I will see you I iff ; I ehali be among the last to shake your I hand and wish you gcod luck as ycu go.' I For a moment Fitzurse was really touched. I Through the seven-fold hide of vanity and selfish egotism, and mean ambition, fhallow I and small cynicism, the simple manhood cf I Bomont's nature picroed his heat t. 4 If I I were to begin again,' he thought, I should j like — I should try, to be like that. Well, I I am to begin again ; I am to have another I chance.' I 4 Shall we wait for Pilgrim ?' Bomont end I denly asked. ' He is sure to be here in good I time ; we can tell him that you are goirg I away ; he may have some advice to give us ; I he knows a lot of things, Pilgrim does.' I 4 No; I don's want to see Pilgrim,' said I Walter, hastily. 4 I don't want Pilgrim I to have anything to do with my affairs.' I 4 We wouldn't tell him anything except just I that you wire determined to go abroad some I where.' 4 1 don't want Pilgrim,' Walter repeated. He was afraid that Pilgrim would bring up the story of Yinnie Lammas, which Walter I was not anxious to be reminded of just then, j He little appreciated the chivalrous for bearacce of Pilgrim. . Even to Bomont, Pilgrim bad not told Vinnie's etory except in j the most rapid outline, and he had said no more about Fitzurse than that he was not j so fond cf the girl lately as he had been. I What Pilgrim did not know of his own knowledge he never would tell as a fact, j Bomont agreed that Pilgrim should not be J taken into confidence. He understood the 1 compaot with Fitzurse to be complete, am that was what was no talk of writing or feigning anything. Walter left Fitzursa House at midnight, having with him more of the gold thaii he had himself taken out of Mrs. Pollens treasure casket In the first instance, ana having giving Bomont his promise to meet him at five o'clock the following afternoon at Bomont's lodgings, Fitzurse passed ont of the music-room into the -ndght. He turned for a moment and looked back upon the house he was leaving. He muBt have felt humbled and crushed if he had ever allowed genuine feeling to live in his heart at all. But he had never done this ; he had made his life a piece of noting even to buna If. As he looked back on the eld hall he waB not an impostor with a false name, going out disgraced into exile, pledged as the sole condition of bis safety to give up the girl who loved him. INo; he felt himself a hero of romance, the last of the proud race of Fitzurse, driven indeed by over- mastering destiny from the house of hiB ancestors ; but still intrepid and self- sustained, still resolute to strive against late, a very Fitzurse to the end. Perhaps no writer of fiction has had the courage yet to sound folly the deeps of self-deception and self-delusion which are to be found in certain egotistic natures. Walter left the house, then, not crushed and humbled, but, on the contrary, elate and lull of new purpose. There was a possibility occurring to him which h&d; not been thought of, certainly had not been talked of, when he made bis compact with Bomont. Suppose Janette Lisle should refase to take advantage of his self-saorifioe ? Suppose she should declare that she preferred his love to any other earthly consideration? Suppose elm would not take back net ireeaom ; suppose she were to insist on being fcis wife ? What was he to do then ? Could his compact with Bomont hold under such conditions ? Gould any man be expected to insist npox renonnoing the hand of the girl he loved, ant who loved him, if she, resolved, not to be outdone in generosity and affection, were to declare that she would not te renounced ? There was something comforting, eomethin g hopeful, in these thoughts. Suppose Janette Lisle did then insist on being his wife, with what splendid eclat would they not go out to America together ; the young hero who had carried off the British earl's grand daughter 1 In anticipation he saw the delighted society of the new world flinging open its gorgeous saloonB to welcome him and his bride. The tempting thought earns up in his mind, 4 if this should happen, if Janette will not give me up, I have the money ; destiny itself has placed it in my hands thioogb the hands ( f my enemy. We can get away.' When Charles Pilgrim came back from h:s purposeless wandcringB he found Bomont standing on the lawn near the cuter door of the mueioroom smoking a cigar. There was a certain lock of exaltation, if not even exultation, on Bomont'a face, and when he spoke he spoke like a dsn in high spirit?. Pilgrim waB surprised to see him still theie ; but it was generally understood that no one was to be much surprised at any of the goings and comings or the principal frequenters of Fitzurse House. Bomont had a letter in his hand. 4 Look here, Pilgrim,' he said, ' my brave companion in Humane Society competition, I particularly want this letter taken np to the Bectory at once. I would take it myself but for reasons.' 4 I'll take it, of course, Mr. Bomont ; for Mr. Lisle?' ' No ; for Miss Sabine.' Pilgrim draw back a little. ' You don't want me to see her ?' he asked. 4 No, not necessary. But I want It to be quite certain that she gets the letter to- night. She won't have gone to bed yet, I should think ; but if she has you can have it given to her maid or someone, and make it olear that Miss Sabine is to get it at once. She must read it tonight. I'll wait until yon come baok ; I want to have some talk with yon.' Pilgrim took the letter and went his way. He felt snre it was a love-letter from Romont to Miss Sibine. 'Why not?' he asked himself. 4 Who could help loving her ; who could be a fitter lover for hei ?' This, however, was all the letter con tained : — 4 Don't expect Mr. Liela in the morning ; I have not seen hi ji or sent him any message. There is no necessity now. I am sure it is ail right. Don't say anything to her ; she iB quite safe now.' Bomont did not say a word about his love. It would have been unworthy, he thought, to Sake such advantage of a letter which was to tell her that be had succeeded in saving her friend. He wanted her love, but did not want to have any ray of it merely refracted from her Eudden gratitude. She does love me, he thought ; I can wait. Pilgrim came back and told him he had given the letter to a getvant. Miss fcabine was stiil up, and would get it. 4 1 saw Walter Fitzurte in the grounds,' he said. In the grounds here ?' 4 No ; up at the Bectory. He didn't see me, I thick ; he didn't want to see me, perhaps ; but I saw him. He was behind one of the trees ; perhaps he wanted to know something about Vinoie.' 4 1 shouldn't think it was that,' said Bomont; 4 1 don't suppose he knows any thing abont what happrned.' ' I hope not ; I shouldn't like him to know ; it would only make him more vain than he is. He would take a pleasure in tbe thought that a pretty girl had tried to drown herself on his account.' 4 He isn'c thinking about her now, I am sure,' Bomont said. 4 He was there, anyhow.' Romont remained silent a moment, a little anxious. Then his looks cleared. 4 1 know, I see. Poor fellow — he has gone to take a late look ; that is what I should do if I were he. in that way I am in thorough sympathy with the goings on of tbe ghosts, Pilgrim ; I should like if 1 were a ghost, to ha always haunting the places where I had felt anything, 'happiness or not. Walter Fitzarce is doing the ghost business to-night.' In his heart Bomont felt compassion for the fallen and ruined young man, and thought the better of him because he had Btolen away ; to haunt the spot where his lost love was tBH?' toUMPilgtim »«£«£ Walter: - After «n hour, orfwn i of Romont started to walk home alone. -After all the excitement of the Aay a long lone y walk would suit him. Faint streaks of da n were showing in the sky as he passed tbe Ola Ftriv Inn. There was an unwonted air of life and activity in tbe house for such an hour; there were lights moving about in ws rooms here and there. In the river just i front of the hcEtelry a small steam yacht was lying. Her steam was up, and she was evidently about to start. A boat was made fast to the steps of the old inn. Romont stopped for a moment and looked at tne Eteamer, and wondered who owned her ana what she was going to do ; then glanced at the water, thought of tbe poor giri no «»u rescued from it only a few hours ago, and went bis way. „ , He reaobed his home tired, proud, and on the whole happy in the thought that he had been able to do eorn- thing which Camtola would be glad to hear of ; and be slept well and had sweet dreams. (TO BB OONT1NUKD.) 