; VICTORIAN MEMS. A man named D. Munro was killed in No. 180 mine, Sandhurst, on Friday, through a fall of stone. Mr. Gillies, Premier, has written to Sir Andrew Clarke, thanking him for hiB support re New Hebrides matters. Tbe yield of gold from the Chi I tern Valley Company's claim for the four weeks ending Saturday was l,056oz. 2dwt. There is said to be much distress among the bootmakers in Melbourne. The Union have decided to make a levy for relief purposes. The reward of .£100 for the conviction of the murderer of JameB Lane, in Simpson's* road, Melbourne, has been increased to £200. Rignoid and Allison have issued a writ for £5000 damages against the Opera House Company, Melbourne, for wrongful seizure of properties. 1 Several Chinese were recently convicted and lined for selling lottery tickets in Melbourne. They appealed to a higher Court, but to no purpose. Mr. John C. Randall, solicitor, practising in Creewick and Ballarat, died very suddenly in Lydiard-street on Monday—it is supposed from heart disease. The damage done by (he recent fire at Moore's timber-yard, Melbourne, is estimated at .£20,000. Through it 200 men are thrown out of employment. A review of 858 members of the Victorian Cadet Corps was held in Albert Park, Melbourne, on Friday, in the presence of the Governor and 5000 spectator*. The system of underground cables for telephone end telegraph wires, invented by Mr. James, manager of the Melbourne office, is being investigated by a board. At Maryborough, the Kong Keng yield for last week was 353oz. 16dwt., and ol the Napier Freehold, 82 z. 13dwt. There is a great demand for stock in the share market. Sir Andrew Clarke's " protest 1 ' on tbe New Hebrides question, received by the mail, is well-written and vigorous. He alludes to the fact that he was at one time a Minister of the Crown in Victoria. Mr. Robert Brough, the well-known actor, who left Melbourne for England on Friday, will shortly return as lessee of the Opera House in that city in conjunction with Dion Dion Boucicault, jun.' J A"widow: ctmed Ann Eliza Coy, a music teacher afPrshran; sued Alexander White, of Prahran, baker,.to recover £500 tor breach of promise of marriage. The jury returned a verdict for plaintiff for £100. The Electric Telegraph Department anno a nee s that from the 1st July, Government and ordinary- messages will be forwarded to Europe at the rate of 9s. 4d. per word, and press messrges at 9d. per word. Mr. W. J. Oreig, merchant, of Melbourne, who disappeared some months ago, has returned, and held a meeting of his creditors on Friday. The liabilities amount to over £100,000. No arrangement was cpmie. to. In connection with tbe prosecutions'for the non-closing of shops, the Crown Solicitor has given hiB opinion that grocers holding wine and spirit licenses are not exempt trom the compulsory closing clauses of the Factories Act. Foxes are doing great damage in the Barrabool district, and the local council has decided to communicate with the Minister of Lands, asking that the Bill for destroying foxes should be introduced to the Assembly on an eatly date. Owing to the non-completion of orders for ammunition in England, the issue of ammunition to rifle clubs has been restricted to 50 rounds per man for July and August. This is to constitute the free allowance for 1886 and 1887. In the Assembly on 24th ult. Mr. Deakin moved the first reading of the Irrigation Bill. He spoke for two hours, and entered very fully inio the whole question. The total area proposed to be irrigated is 3,242,000 acres, and the cost £3,800,000. A terrible tragedy was enacted in Richmond during last Friday night. A laboring man, named Thomas Taylor, residing in Kennystreet, had a quarrel with his wife, both being under tbe influence of liquor, and he kicked and otherwisie beat her to death. Mr. William Bailey, a equatter in the Ballarat district, has instituted an action for libel (damages £5000) against Mr. G. G. Morton, of Labona, in connection with alleged defamatory statements concerning sheared sheep exhibited in the local agricultural show. The Public Service Board has completed its list of sexagenarian officers, whose retention to the end of the year is to be recommended pending Parliamentary consideration of the whole question. The superannuation list includes a great majority of sexagenarians. Henry Taylor, a recent arrival in Melbourne from Buninyong, reported last Friday night that he had been robbed of £100 in a Chinese dent into which he had been inveigled by a woman. A Chinaman named Ah Hing has been arrested and charged with the robbery. Inspector Daly mentioned in the Col lingwood Court on Friday last that the Humane Society intended to award certificates of merit to civilians who assisted the police in the execution of their duty when prisoners resisted the efforts of the guardians of the peace to arrest them, A young man named Wm. O'Keefe was found by the police at Yendon, near Ballarat, living in a mia-mia in a wretched state, being ill-clothed, without blankets, and subsisting on raw potatoes. He was arrested as a vagrant. Had he been left much longer he would probably have died Of exposure. The Chiltern Coursing Club, which has been allowed to lapse, is now being taken in band by some prominent townsmen, and as there are a number of sporting men in tbe town, a fair club is anticipated. As this season is far advanced, there will be just time to have the club re-organised, ready for next year. A fire broke out last week at the Flindersstreet railway station. It destroyed several shops, the refreshment-rooms, and the ticket office on tbe St. Kilda line plattorm. Tbe stationmaster's premises were aUo burned down. The damage is estimated at upwards of £1200. The origin of the fire is unknown. A pablican named John M'Cutcheon, 40 years of age, was found drowned on Saturday in Glengower Creek, Campbelltown, where be recently resided. The deceased had recently contracted habits of intemperance, and fell into the creek whilst drunk, and on his way home. The deceased leaves a wife and four children poorly provided for. A permanent survey of tbe authorised railway from Frankston to Hastings, at the Western Port, which is chiefly regarded as a military line, is to be commenced immediately. The Defence Department has decided to have military maps prepared of the whole country round Western Port and other places on the coast deemed liable to attack. It is stated that writs are to be shortly issued against tbe members of the Sandhurst City Council, claiming £400 from each on account of alleged breaches of the Local Government Act. It is alleged that the council carried forward an overdraft from one year to another, and a well-known ratepayer is endeavoring to sheet home the charge. The Eight- hours Bill, introduced by Dr. Rose and Mr. Lauirene, contains but two clauses, one stating the title, aud the other reading aB follows:—" Unless there shall be an agreement in writing to the contrary, eight hours shall be considered a legal day's labour in any action at lawsuit in equity, or any matter or proceeding, civil or criminal, in any court of justice in Victoria." A movement is on foot in Benalta to open subscription-lists throughout Moira and Delatite, and to present the amount collected to the widow of the late Mr. D. C. M'3arthy O'Leary, for the benefit of her and her family, as a mark of the esteem and regard in which her late husband was held, and as a recognition of his valuable services to the public both in his professional and private capacity. The financial position of many friendly societies is not sound, according to the report of the Government statist. Amongst those dealt with was tbe Grand United Order of Free Gardeners, upon which it was reported that there was at the close of 1881 a deficiency of assets in comparison with the benefits promised of £9,068, and that the capital per member showed a deficiency of £15 I Is. The. disguises which two Williamstown police constables assumed a few Sundays ago to catch unwary publicans must have been very comical. The meu dressed up as fisher- men, and carried baskets and rods. One, minus a vest, had a billycock bat, short trousers, and a coat which a Chinaman would have refused to pick up for old rags. The other looked like a scavenger out of work. _ An instance of tbe beneficial effects of irrigation is afforded by a vine growing in the garden of Mr. P. Le Couteur, of Beechwortb, which last season threw out a shoot 25ft. 6in. long. This shoot is the thickness of a man's finger, and is the same size at a length of 15ft, &s; at the stem. Mr. Le Couteur accounts for ibis extraordinary growth by the fact that a drain has recently been constructed close to where the vine is growing. About nine months ago,the Phoenix Foundry Company, Ballarat, was tbe successful tenderer for the manufacture of 20 locomotive engines for the Railway Department, 15 for goods trains and five for passenger trains. The five passenger engines have now been handed over to the Department. Three of them are in use on tbe suburban lines, and tbe other two have yet to run the regulation dietauce, viz., 1000 miles, before going into ordinary use. Old residents in the Beecbworth district will learn with regret of the death of Mrs. Ellen Doyle (or as she was more familiarly known, "Granny" Doyle), whick took place at her son's aesidence, tbe Commercial Hotel, Junee. The old lady, who gave her age as over fourscore years and ten, lived for ovtr 30 yeaTs in Beechworth, and nursed many of the present residents of that town in their childhood and sickness, she having been of a kind, motherly disposition. The police at Tea have communicated with tbe Melbourne police concerning a resident of that township who has disappeared in a mysterious manner. The person referred lo is William Bryant, a farmer at Doongalook, near Yea, who left for Melbourne by the 7 o'clock train on the evening of the 31st May, and has not since been heard of. It was his intention to proceed to Woodstock to give possession of a farm to a new tenant, and to collect a sum of £40 due for rent. Mr. Justice Higinbotham said last week that it seemed unreasonable that guests living in an hotel should be prevented from getting liquor simply because the bar was to be strictly closed on Sunday. Mr. Hood said it was only assumed that liquor must be got in the bar on a Sunday, His Honor eaid tbe bar waB the only place allowed by law. Mr. Hood said there was nothing in the Act to binder a licensee from keeping liquor in any part of an hotel for bonajidt travellers and lodgers. A general order has been issued from the head-quarters of the Victorian militarv forces, intimating that an examination lor admissiou to tbe non-clerical division of tbe Public Service will be held on Saturday, 24th July. All members of tbe Victorian military forces, of not less than five years' service, if qualified under section 13 of the Discipline Act, No* 777, who wish to be examined, ehould forward their applications through their commanding officers to the office, by the 9th July, 1886. The Government intend to introduce very shortly a Bill to provide for endowments from certain Crown lands lor educational purposes. The lands from which the revenue will be obtained for endowments are in the schedule of the Bill, and they include the low-lying lands on the south bank of the Yarra, Coode Island, and Fisherman's Bend. These lands will be vested in trustees, who will have power to deal with them either by leasing or licensing before or after improvements have been made. It is the intention of Captain Thomas to despatch H.M.S. Cerberus to Geelong for tbe purpose of joining H.M.S Albert and Victoria gunboats in gun and other practice, together with the torpedo boats. A rumor has gained currency among the naval crew that these vessels are likely to be stationed' at Point Henry, Geelong, for some time, to enable the commandant to keep all hands on board, and put them through thorough practice, instead of allowing the oilmen onshore, as at present. Another mysterious disappearance has been brought under tbe notice of the Melbourne police. Charles Monaghan, of Jeffcott-street, West Melbourne, has reported that his uncle, Charles Glynn, a dealer, who was in tbe habit of frequenting the auction- room?, lt-fi home on Saturday week last, and has not since'been, heard of. He was an old pensioner from the ' Imperial army, and had in his possession a valuable watch, which was presented to him while in the army. The watch bore an inscription. The Premier is in communication at present with the secretary of the Crown Law Department on the nutject of the County Court judges presiding in the country districts. Complaints are continually being made iu the provincial press that .the "judges do not stay sufficiently long in a town to hear all tbe cases. They fix their sittings, and the duration of their stay in a town, on & hard-and-fast rnle, and if all the cases are not disposed ol, their Honors leave in order to teep their engagements in other towns. Mr. Justice Cope, a few weeks back, took upon himself to grant a Grand Jury in the Donald Express libel action. There was a deal of argument at the time in order to get a Grand Jury to find the primd fade facts, but Mr. Justice Cope thought there was ground for his granting it. Since then it was discovered that a judge by himself had no power to grant an application for a Grand Jury. Such application must be made to tbe Full Court. The Full Court in this case have confirmed Judge Cope's view and ordered a Grand Jury. The Rev. J. Robertson, M.A., of Auckland, New Zealand, who conducted (he services at the Collins-street Independent Church, Melbourne, on Sunday, mentioned, at the close oi the morning service, that an important telegram had been received from the committee in London entrusted with the selection of a successor to the Rev. D. Jones Hamer as minister of the church. The committee recommended that a call should be addressed to the Bev. Dr. L. D. Bevan, at present minister of the Independent Church, Highbury Quadrant, London. A singular surgical operation was performed recently at the Melbourne Hospital by Dr. Charles Ryan upon a female ont- patient, who was suffering from disease of the cheek-bone. She had been under treatment for some time for it, and finding eventually that nothing but the removal of the upper jaw-bcne on one side would relieve her pain, she decided to have it removed, and Dr. Ryan very skilfully took all the jaw-bone away. Beyond a slight flatten- ing of the cheek nothing is noticeable now, and she ii rapidly improving. The advance of surgical ecience is truly wonderful. The arrangements by the Crown Law Department for sittings of the Supreme Court to be held at Beechworth on July 12, Benalla July 14, and Shepparton Jnly 14 have been pointed out to be defective, inasmuch as a sufficient interval was not allowed for the transaction of the whole of the business at either town. It has been decided, therefore, that the Chief Justice shall eit at Beechworth on Jutr 12, hut that no further fixture shall be made. Ample time will therefore be given for him to deal with the list arranged for at Benalla and Shepparton. The report has reached Nbill that a naked man has been seen by several people roaming about the paddocks and through the scrub iu the direction of Yanac-a-Yanac. It is thought that he must be a young man who has been missing from a farm in the neighbourbpod for some weeks past. The people who say tbey saw the man could not get near enough to give anything like a good description ofhis appearance, he seemed to be very wild. It is to be hoped that he soon will be captured, as the weather is very cold, and the adjoining scrub is infeBted with wild dogs, some of which would not hesitate at tackling a man singly. The intercolonial line of railway between Adelaide and Melbourne, the last rail of which has been laid, will not be opened for traffic for several months yet. Arrangements have to be p made as to rolling stock which will necessitate delay, but these are being pushed forward as rapidly as possible, and it is hoped that nothing will be allowed to stand in the way of a great public convenience. Messrs. C. and E. Miller commenced their work from both ends, and now engines from the Victorian and Soatb Australian sides have met. The line will give an impetus to intercolonial trade, and. will be greatly appreciated by the many travellers who desire to avoid the discomforts of e stormy coast passage. On Saturday last the Railway Commissioners issued a circular to all employes temporarily employed iu the service, calling upon them to prepare themselves, if they wish to be retained permanently, to undergo the ordinary examination _ provided by the Railway Act, and to send in applications in the usual manner before the 1st July. It appears that during the busy wheat season last summer a large number oi persons were put on as temporary laborers, and the circular in question alluded to them as well as to a number of others in the other branches of the Bervice. The Commissioners further intimate that the services of all supernumeraries are liable to be dispensed with at any time. A serious financial difficulty is confronting the Richmond City Council, and that body at its meeting last week decided to discharge the whole of their day laborers, scavengers, asphalters, and stone- breaking staff, and to put a stop to all public works. The provisions of the Local Government Act render it imperative that a municipality should be enabled to show a clear balance-sheet on 30th September in each year. It has been known for some time ast that the Richmond municipality would Eave a difficulty this year in balancing, and examinations have disclosed the fact that even with the discharge of the men alluded to there will still be a deficiency in the estimated receipts and expenditure of upwards of £1000. In accordance with the request of the Minister of Lands, as mentioned in the Assembly last week, the Premier has officially communicated with the Government or South Australia in reference to the reported intention of Professor Watson to introduce diseased rabbits into that colony, in the hope of lesseninz the pest. Mr. Gillies, in his letter, l . " 2 m the serious injury which might be done to the meat-producing industry if the idea that the supply was in any way tainted with disease should be spread. Mr. Gillies asks whether the proposal to introduce rabbit scab has been made with the sanction of the Adelaide authorities, and desires to be supplied with particulars as to what is intended to be done. A young man who was travelling on a icycle recently called at a house in the vicinity f BaUarat, and (says The Argus) asked to be llowed the use of a room and a needle and ome thread to mend a rent in his clothes. fter he had been so accommodated, he dearted hastily, and ,£40 was subsequently issed from a drawer in the room -placed at is disposal. A warrant was at once issued or his arrest, and Detective Causey executed t by arresting Alexander Johnston Eason, a traveller for a life assurance Bociety, who was found at his residence in Eat Melbourne on a charge of having stolen the sum mentioned from Timothy Madden, farmer, mar Ballarat. Eason is remanded to appear at Ballarat. . , . , An insight into the manner in which some travellers for breweries are paid was afforded in a fraud summons case beard in the Melbourne County Court on Monday morning. The debtor—a brewer's traveller—said be was engaged at a salary of £3 per week and commission, the latter averaging £8 or £9 per week. At the first blush it would appear that he ought to have made both ends meet on the added salsry and commission, but the coloring vanished when he informed the court that the average £8 or £9 for commission went in expenses. "In fact," said the debtor^ "the commission is only given for expenses." He made out that he only got about £2 for himself every week, but sometimes he did not even get that sum out of the jCll or £12, During the regime of the late Ministry, a deputation from Gippsland, comprising representatives from the shire councils of Warragul, Traralgon, Narracan, Port Albert, and Bullen Sullen, waited upon Mr. Service, and asked him to put on the loan estimates a sum of £200,000 to be expended on light railways or tramways in those districts, He had decided to do so, and the amount was raised when the laBt loan was floated. Some six months ago the sbire councils interested met in conference, and agreed to endeavor to obtain an early " division of the spoils." A deputation from the Traralgon Shire set tbe ball of requisition for the necessary surveys rolling a few days ago, and since then the Shire Council of Warragul put in their claim. Certain people rejoice in the knowledge that Christians are never sad. Be it so, for all is well that ends well. A few days ago a nameless philanthropist advertised in a Melbourne paper for a " Christian young man" to accompany him to Kimberley. Whether he secured the companion his heart desired or not, rumor saith not. But aB a ship left Melbourne tbe other day, the fortune-hunters, in bidding farewell to the metropolis of tbe south, sang aloud on deck a number of Sankey's hymns, including "Hold the fort, for I am coming," "Dare to be a Daniel" " Whosoever will may come," " Waiting, waiting, who is there ?" and " The old, old story." Diggers have evidently changed in their composition since the early days of Victoria and the gold rushes at Ballarat. The case of an old miner in not too prosperous financial circumstances has been brought under notice by Mr. Watkins, the inperintendent of the Model Lodging House n Melbourne. The individual is almost a centenarian, being no lees than 96 years of age. He was 25 years of age when Waterloo was fought, and " Bony " was removed from the world's theatre for ever. At 40 years of age, in the year 1830, this very old colonist, who bears the not very uncommon nsme of John Smith, arrived in Tasmania in the ship Clyde —Captain Munro. He asserts that he went from Tasmania to Portland with the Henty family, so that he was in Victoria before either Batman or Fawkner, and is therefore the oldest living Victorian colonist. He has worked very hard as a shepherd. The Sandhurst papers are jubilant over the recent diacoveries.in the quartz mines of the district. The shares of two companiss— Lazarus and Lazarus No. 1—rose iu value in a lew days from £18,000 to £83,250. The Advertiser, in looking at the cause of the rise, says a lesson may be learned as to the necessity for prospecting every formation discovered. A good reef may easily be missed. When an irregular cap formation was passed through the shaft at 1,675ft, it was considered of no value, and the sinking was continued for 40ft. further. When it became necessary to timber the shaft, the manager deemed it advisable to cut in a little to see what the reef was like, and thus discovered good stone which was quite unexpected by everyone The Independent considers quartz-mining still in its infancy. The Ballarat Star says:-"The goldfields probably furnish more romances in real life than any other enterprise or calling. A case in proof of this statement has come under onr notice. A hardy old prospector, who was following his occupation not 100 miles from Ballarat, had sunk a hole, nearly on to the waBh. Before he had struck color he was stiuck with the conviction that the work he was engaged in was not conducive to the trim appearances of his hirsute appendages. He accordingly offered a share each in his claim to two miners if the one would cut his hair and the other Bhave him. The terms were accepted, and the operations performed. Not long afterwards the party came across gold, and raised about £2000 worth of the precious metaL Not bad that, to receive ±700 apiece tor doing what a barber would charge 6d. and 3d. respectively for !" Important alterations in the law regarding newspaper libel are made in the Libel Bill introduced into the Assembly by Dr. Quick. The English section which provides tit reportsof public meetings lawfully convened for a lawful purpose, so long as they arc fair, accurate, Bnd without malice, and their publication is for the public benefit, shall be privileged holds a prominent position in it. There is a proviso that it shall be no defence if a reasonable letter or statement on behalf of the plaintiff has been refused insertion. Justices are to have the power of determining whether ™ b e n e f i t , and whether the allegations ate true ; and ifthev are of opinion that it is a trivial matter, they may deal summarilv by consent of the accused. It is also enacted that all libel actions must be tried by a jury, and that criminal informations for libel shall be tried at Ntsi Pnus. The last section enables a female to recover damages for slanders on her chastity without proving special damage from them. A letter from the Department of Agriculture, intimating that the Minister would have no objection to the Grand National Show for 1886 being held at Shepparton, was laid before a very largely attended committee meeting of the Shepparton Amalgamated Agricultural, Horticultural, and PaBtoral Society on Saturday. It was unanimously agreed that the offer be accepted. The dates of the show were fixed for Tuesday, Wedoesday, and Thursday, the 12th, 13th, and 14th October, and it was decided that the society ehould offer a prizelist of not less than £500, which amount will be subsidised by a proportion of the Government grant upon which the Minister decides. In order to provide ample accommodation in the yards the committee have been empowered to have the show-grounds extended, embracing an area of two acres granted to the society some time ago. It was also proposed to effect numerous other improvements in time for the show. The date of the annual horse parade was fixed for the first Wednesday after the National Society's Show. An individual clad in ghostly raimeut has been causing a little sensation at Black Hill on several nights, and hia senseless pranks have led to at least one lady being laid up with illness brought on by fright. This young lady waB (writes the Ballarat Courier) visitiog a friend one evening, and as she said she was afraid she should meet the ghost, a young man was deputed to accompany her to her residence. It was about the hour of tbe visitation on the previous evening, and the escort said he guessed it would be as well for him to arm himaelf with something that would enable him to give the " ghost" the thrashing it deserved. He therefore carried a Btout stick in one hand and a poker in the other, and proceeded to take the youDg lady to ber home. They had not gone very far when, sure enough, a personage dressed in white was observed a short distance off. The brave young man then concluded it safe to retire, and, dropping his weapons, he ran away. The young lady fainted, and had to be carried to herresidence. She is reported to be somewhat seriously ill. Several gentleen have resolved to administer a sound horsewhipping to the individual, whoever he IB, who has been carrying on this senseless practical joke should they be successful in tracing his identity. ! A very old colonist and Bendigonian, in the person of Mr. John Heinrich Niemann, died in the Bendigo Beuevolent Asylum on Friday, from senile debility. The deceased was 87 years of age, and a native of Bremen, Germany. In the year 1846 he arrived in Adelaide along with his wife, and for some time followed the occupation of a cabinetmaker, in which he was reputed to be a firstclass tradesman. Mr. Niemann was attracted to Victoria by the rush which broke out in Bendigo about the year 1851, and soon after his arrival in the colony, opened business as a boarding-house keeper at Maldon, where he was also engaged in driving teams on the road. About the year 1859 the deceased went to Bendigo, and resided for a long time on Windmill Hill, where he possessed the Cinderella mine, which has since developed reefs ol great richness. He had one daughter and three BOUS, one of whom, named August, first discovered an artesian well in Gippsland, at a depth of 500 feet from the surface. The only daughter married Mr. Devine, a member of the old volunteer force, who died a short time past, and was buried with military honors. Ihe deceased was well respected by a large circle of friends, most of whom were nativls of his o wn country. He was admitted to the Benevolent Asylum on the 29th March last, and remained m the institute until his death. In the Melbourne County Court last week, before his Honor Judge Molesworth, Mrs. A! M. Bondeaon, of the Junction Hotel, near Sale proceeded against H. A. Luke, the then nro £1000 damages for an alleged libel. Thelibel complained of consisted iu the publication of a report of the Sale Court of Petty sLZ°in which it was erroneously stated that Itrs. M a W liclti ™ have her S °f h "l rett 88nt 10 "»« Industrial School the fact being that the application was for the two children of a man named Waters to be sent to the Industrial School, they h S been left to board with her, but the father having left the district, and the pavmente stopped. The publication was admitted and it was pleaded that there was no maUce the b»n reporter who had been deceived by the similarity in sound be- Z V T ? " 8 and iangbtersf and the miB take had been atoned for by correction^ in subsequent issues of the OitLuJ^ vr Hijtonor suggested an amSeletrtfZ?' SSIF-AR KKSSSSS with that ' h0 tta4eof Victoria Collector of Customs^ortb > P-d w^the W S f t S during corresponding morrths^;i88&Tha; warehousemen are,'therefore,- urging- thaTthn Commissioner of Trade and -Oastoms should arrange that they shall get the full amount, of drawback, and every facility in carrying on their business. It is also found that the New South Wales merchants are now.^eo favourably handicapped that-in severalinstances Victorian merchants have had to with* 7 draw travellers from the Riverina' and outlying districts. A still more serious matter is the fact that tbe Sydney warehousemen are competing very successfully against 'Victoria in the Tasmanzan and Queensland marke'tB, The drawback system is found to work very clumsily, and as Sydney is almost a free port, tbe merchants there have not the same trouble and expense as the Victorian. The position is regarded by Mr. Walker in a very serious light, and he believes that it will force itself upon the attention of the public iu Buch a way that Parliament will ultimately be called upon to cope with it. 