T13®ff SALVATION ARM1Y. The officers' council of the Salvation Army was continued yesterday morning at the Barracka, Elizabeth-street.. " Com missioner" Howard presided, and a large number of oflicers were present. Tho chief subject brought under consideration was the bajstisu of the Holy Ghost as the qualification for Christian service. A lengthy and interesting address on the subject was given by " Commissioner" Howard, The consolidation of the Work in general in looking after converts; and the managing of stations were also dwelt on and considered. The " Commissioner" laid great stress upon the importance of officers improving themselves in the way of teach ing their people in the work in which they were engaged. The doctrine of holiness was also fully explained, and the oflicers were urged to keep the teaching of this doctrine well to the point at their various stations, the " Coemsissioner" claiming that the teaching of this truth was. one of the secrets of the success of the.Salvation Army. The officers all. expressed them selves as much benefited by the two days' council, and were. prepared to go back to their stations with every confidence for future success. In the evening a monster Salvation tea meeting was held in the Barracksas afare. well to the " Commissioner." The building was nicely laid out with ferns, flags, etc., while the tables were well filled with edibles of all kinds. About200 officers and soldiers sat down to the tea, which was pro vided by "Captain" Kymo, who is in charge of the Launceston contingent. After tea a procession, headed by "Adjutant" Quick, mounted on a white horse, and clad in white, consisting of up wards of 200, with the band playing, paraded the principal streets, and proceed ing to the Barracks, where a largely attended public meeting was held. Devotional exercises having been concluded and hymns sung, "Commissioner" Howard said lie had promistd to speak to the army regarding the progress the cause was making in different parts of the world, but before doing so there was a local question of which he wished to speak, and that was regarding the collection which was to be meade towards wiping off a debt of £185 which was still remaining on the building. This was a matter in which everyone should feel a keen interest, and hio. hoped they would show that interest by responding liberally when the collection boxes were being taken round. A great deal had been said against'the Salvation Army, aidhe proceeded to show that this was unwarranted. In speaking of the progress of the work of the army elsewhere lie said lie was glad of the oppor tunity of spending a short time in Tas mania, for be felt that his trip had done him good in body and soul, and lie would be able to report in most favourable terms of the progrees of the army in Tasmania, when he arrived in Victoria. They were doing in Tasmania a good work steadily and satisfactorily. lie hlad had a deal to do with the ariy from its earliest stages, and he had watched with much interest its pro gress and success. The work was the work of God, and it had been blessed everywhere. In England they had been at work for 21 years, and the Army was about to cele brate its 21st anniversary on July 5. During this time good work had been clone, and the experiment which had been tried for taking. the Gospel amongst the poor and outcasts, and for bringing them to the Cross, had attained good results, as the re cords of the army would readily prove. He next spoke of an immense gathering at an international conference of the army held in England, stating that at that meeting there were no less then 2000 officers gathered together; and judging by the,great interest at present taken in the army, there would be a still more brilliant assemblage to cele brate the army's 21st anniversary. In America they had no less than 160 stations.. Two years ago they had only 20 or 30 officers, while to-day they had no less than 300. He next referked to President Cleveland, of the United Statee of America, in having invited the officers of the Sal vation Army to a reception at the White House, and said the army was recognised as an institution of great power in modern society. In British North America there were 200 stations with 500 officers. On the Continent the work swan being pushed vigorously on, while in India the army'was sweeping her head in glory, and a deal of good was being done amongst the heathen in that country. A branch of the army would shortly be opened in China, and they had officers in China who were being trained for this work. In Victoria and New South Wales, and especially in Sydney, where they had is Chinese corps working with 'great success, good work was being done. They were try ing to institute a mode by which they would not have so omany branches, and' what they required was salvation federation, and this question would be brought before the meeting of the Council to be held shortly in Melbourne. In-the Australian colonies at the present time they had 200 stations and a like number of outposts, with 300 officers. . About two years ago he and "Marshal" Booth arrived in the colony, and since that time the work had just doubled itself. At present 8000 copies of the WYar Cry were cireulateul weekly, and also 12.500 of the Holiness Maugaziie monthly. Whether the work was a success or a failure depended upon the army officers; and their duty was to help on the work, and take up the cross and help to establish the throne of their Lord Jesus. If they engaged in this work with zeal they would no doubt be blessed in the here after, where all their works were recorded: Testimonies were given during the,even ing by "Captain" Thatcher, of Beacons field; " Captain" Edwards, Hobart; " Lieut." Richardson, and ",Soldier" Gibbs, the meeting closing sitbi prayer. 