CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. Saturday was one of tho most pleasant morn ings of tho season ; there was a fair number of visitors ou the course, and some excellent work performed. Trainers were rather late iu com mencing. Kenneth was the first to make an nnnoarancc on the course proper; thu ecu of Maribyrnong moved along for a mile and a half in good sty la Eugone and Louisa Bula ran a sharp five'furlongs. Wariield ran a useful four furlongs. Ambassadress and Anarchy were i imilarly treated. Ben Bolt was given a turn over iho Cup distance, Chuckster assisting him tho first mile, and Lundo joining in tho Inst four furlongs ; the G'aulfield Cup favorito seemed to please the touts immensely Beek- with and Master. Johu were each given a spin over three furlongs ; both of this pair aro very slippory customers over short distances. High land Cnief was extended over a mile and a half, lflondiu taking him homo thu last seven lurlougs. Clarendon strode along for a good working gallop over a lutlo and a half, his siablo com panion, St. Albert, brushing aloug with liim for a mile. Two others in tho same stable, Young Iloratio and Maori Chief, wero doing suitable work. Geraidiuo, who is engaged in the M.H.C. Hurdle Race, in company with Bonnie Lad, wero given a couplo of turns over tho schooling course, both moving nico and freely. Bridegroom and Western, iu company, per formed a satisfactory gallop over a mile. Whitebait, who is engaged in the V.K.C. Derby, put in a useful inile. A flue, big, strap ping horse, by Sussex, out of Uproarious, was given good striding work on tho tan. This horse is not unliko his sire. Focahoutns was allotted mild oxerciso on tbo sand. Townly, who is beginning to look well, was givon a couulo of hours at a good working pace. Utuberto pottered along gently. Midstream, Hot Iron and Gadlly, after putting in some slow paco oxcrcise moved along for fivo furlongs. The 2-vear-olds, Alexandria, Nectarine, Carnival, Julian Gray, Lady Lovell and Glcntworth, wero spurting on the 6and and grass. The Cup candidate, Little John, in company with Jack and Jem Cain, was giveu useful work over a mile, having a bit more weight up than usual ; ho seeemed a bit dis tressed at tho finish, and did not pleaso 6omc of tho touts. Chicago and Faithful strode along for five furlongs. Tho Ghost, with J. Williams up, went useful work over a similar distance. The following jumpers performed good work on the sand and tau : — Fusee, Footman, Peter, Stag, Greculus, Esurius, Ama teur, Waiter, Symbol and Lady Aebton. Grace Darling went a round on tbe grass, the old mare moving nicely, a fine looking colt called The Crane bringing her home tbo last half mile. Crown Brand was given good ser viceable work ou tho sand, Land Shark putting in a strong turn also on the sand. The Chanter went inild exercise. Retort ran a useful mile, Carnarvon assisting him tho first part of the " journey. Berkley, First Pop, Alhanus, Cricket, Patience, New York, Dougalstou, Mia Mia, Epi curean, Violet, Louis 11, Delamia and a host of others were all doing healthy oxercise. M. O'Brien has returned to his. old quarters at tho Turf Club Hotel, and I am sorry to say there are evident traces of him having had u very severe shaking. 