TEMPERANCE ADDRESS. Mrs Mary Leavitt, of the Women's Chris tian Temperance Union of America, de livered three addresses yesterdayinthelarge hall at the Mechanics' Institute. The first wa3 in the morning at 11 o'clock, when Father Hiddlestone presided, and after devotional services, assisted by the Uaited Temperance choir, the lady lecturer, -who selected the following tests — I. Cor. vi., 19, iii. 10 and 17 ; H. Cor. vi., 16 ; Rev. xxi , 22, commenced her discourse on 'The Body, the Temple of j the Holy Ghost.' She said the pody must be considered in its temporal asweil as its spiritual meaning, and the Gospel is sent for the salvation of the body as jwell as the soul. Although we are stricken in sin, yet the Scripture tells us that the dead shall come forth, and the body that has gone down to the grave shall be raised up again. She instanced MoseB and jQiiijau, wno appeared at uie j.raua figuration, and our Saviour, when he said to Thomas, ' Reach hither thy , finger and thrust it into my side.' If God had seen fit to place such value upon our bodies, should we not value them more than we do I Compare the mechanism of a watch with that of a human body, and then say if we are not fearfully and wonderfully made. God has placed men and women in this beautiful earth for a span of 70 years, and it is con trary to His will that we should die before that time, but death is too often caused by neglecting our bodies. The Quakers in America live longer than ordinary Christians, because they are total abstainers. The priests under the old Mosaic law had to be bathed in pure water, and clothed in pure wmte Deiore entering me tempie, which shows how much God thought of the purity of the body. Many Christians say, modify the body, make dead the body ; but the eye advances no evil thing without the heart be with it. To punish the flesh for the sin of the soul is a doc trine we ought to get rid of. The body should be purified in order that the soul may do its behests. Martin Luther did more good in the world with that strong robust body of his than he could have done had he been a weaker man. Strong drink defiles the body, as shown by the life insurance statistics, the average duration of life for drinkers { being 35 years and six months against 62 years and four months for total abstainers. Alcohol has a great affinity for water, and travels direct from the stomach to the brain. The firstglass of alcohol imbibed may be compared to the prick of a pin, or the pulling out of a Bingle hair from the head, for by the multiplication of either madness will ensue. St. Paul was willing to give up flesh if it caused him to stumble, and ought we not to give up alcohol ? Every one can do without it, and will live longer and work just as well. God hag given us such exquisite things to eat and drink, that we need not have recourse to alcoholic stimulants; and by totally abstaining we should be more in accord ance with His idea, who ' made us in His own image.' The late General Gordon and the late Rev. Dr. Guthrie both glorified God in their bodies by entirely giving up the use of strong drink. Work out the faith that is in you, and give it to others around yon. At the afternoon service Mr C. Evans presided, and after reading Proverbs, xxxi cnapcer, commencing at rerse lit, Mrs Leavitt proceeded to deliver an ' ad dress to young ladies,' choosing for her text Psalm cxliv., 12. She said, each one of you, my young sister?, have your life in your own hands, eo to speak, and the filling of -that cup of life' Ss entirely in your hands. Splendid health, fine intel lect, high- position, wealth, all these are elements in that cup ; as are also poverty, ill-health, and a humble position. But no matter how yon may he situated, if you will do your best And consecrate what little you have to the Almighty, He will helpyou. The lecturer referred to her own girlhood, her aspirations, hopes and fears, and recounted her early anxie ties and troubles. She said it is a heavy burden for a woman to go travelling round the world trying to persuade her erring brothers and sisters to refrain from strong drink. She would recommend to every girl modesty, without personal vanity, and above all things truthfulness. At the evening service the chair was occupied by the Rev. Canon Brownrigg, who read Psalm xxiv, after which Mrs Leavitt, whose subject was ?' God in Government,' chose for her text that | grand prophecy contained in Isaiah x — 6. She said every word that is written in the Bible has been or will be fulfilled. The government of this world has not yet been placed upon the shoulders of Jesus Christ. There are some people who will not take any part in the government of their country, but it is the duty of everyone to do what they can for Christ's service. In every Christian country each one Bhould take his part in the affairs of the Govern ment. God governs the adult man directly, and man governs children Indi rectly. Moses was chosen by God, and the people were requested to obey Moses ; but God did not say it was Moses they objected to obey, but Himself. An attempt has been made in the Church of Rome to bring nations and kingdoms under the rule of the Pope, but that has signally failed. There are 6,000,000 Christian voters on the roll in America to-day, and if they would stand shoulder to shoulder they could retnrn good Christian men. It is an error to suppose for one moment that God has given the Government of this world into the charge of Satan. We know Sat^n to be ail evil, we know there is enmity between God and Satan, and Satan could never hold power if we human beings served God loyally. What statesman would have dared to say 400 years ago that English-speaking people would dominate the world? And why has England this supremacy ? God did it, not man, for although there are many 1 blots on the Government of England, yet it governs more in accordance with His [ will than any other nation. Our laws | ought to be founded on the Ten Com mandments, and every one of the Commandments should be supported in this way. In Bome places in America the Sabbath laws have been swept away, and the consequence is that some people begin working a little on Sunday, and so on, and this evil has also been growing in England. The liqnor traffic is an or ganised scheme for taking the money of the people, and then the unfortunates, in many instances, become so low that they have to be cared for by the State. In conclusion, she hoped that this Island would be the abode of purity, peace, and plenty ; and by putting away the liquor traffic they would be putting the government on the shoulders of Jesus Christ, who shall reign as King of Kings and Lord of Lords. After singing a hymn, the meeting closed with the~Bene4fctioh. ' A collection was made at each service, prior to the delivery of the address. At the morning service there were about 100 present, at the afternoon 300, and in the evening the hall was' filled. Mrs Leavitt will hold a meeting this evening, at 8 o'clock, in the Wegleyan School-room, Patterson-street. British subjects waste thousands of pounds annually by pouring down their throats rub bishing medicines, claiming to be remedies for all the lUb that flesh is heir to. VaUy e Liiver ! and Blood Mixture is proved a genuine articles j and is a certain remedy for souehs, colds, i asthma, and affections of the iver. Try it. j Fair widow — ' But does it fade 1' Mr , Silkenstein — ' Veil, yes'm, to dell you der troot, it fates a leetle — but it shoost . goes off into a loffy violet after six monts | or so— shoost lets yon down mit your j mourning easy und natural, ain't it ?' I A writer has discovered that persons in captivity live a very short time, This may be a rule, but we know of some married men who have attained a remark able age. 