CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. The annual session of the Church of England in this diocese was opened on Tues- day morning at St. Peter's Cathedral by Bishop Kennion, assisted by Archdeacons Marryat, Farr, and Dove. The Bishop having delivered his Pastoral Address, Holy Communion was celebrated, and an offertory was taken at the close of the service to be devoted to the purpose of erecting a memorial window in the Cathedral to the late Dean Russell. The choral portion of the servioe, which included an anthem for the dead, was excellently rendered. PASTOBAL ADDRESS. The Bishop's address was as follows Benediotus Benkdicat. It will be in the remembrance of some of yon my < reverend brethren and brethren of the laity that, at the close of onr last, the thirty-first, session of the Synod of this Dio cese, a strong appeal was made to me by the most respected and now lamented member of the Synod that I should not attempt in addressing you to confine myself to the subjects which might be brought before the cnrrent session of Synod for discussion, but that from time to time I should endeavour to epeak to you more fully upon some of the great questions which affect us. There are special reasons why I should, in this year, endeavour to comply with the request. The present circumstances of the colony, the general tendency of movements in the Church at home and abroad, the near approach of the General Synod of the Church of England in Australia and Tasmania, and perhaps some necessity for speaking more plainly and fully to you than hitherto, now that in God's Providence I have completed more than three years' residence among yon, have all weighed with me in choosing this as an opportunity for departing from what may eventually prove to be my custom. Indeed, I shall try not to overtax your patience, I shall strive to address myself Jhj those subjects only which arB practical. 1 shall speak to you as men who amid all the gloom of the present are yet firm in their faith, and whose hopes of the future are not dashed by the difficulties of the day; nay, rather as men who, amid many social as well as not a few ecclesiastical troubles, can yetlift upyour beads and see a re demption from many thraldoms drawing nigh. Fraying God to guard me from presumption, I am attempting to guide and mould my thoughts whilepenning this address by letting them flow in the moBt sacred channel. Every student has seen for himself that in the. Lord's Prayer our Divine Master has laid down for us not only the pattern but the very laws which are the principles of prayer. I cannot help also seeing here the very lawB of the Church's life. One by one the petitions whioh the blessed Lord has taught bring to my mind the conception of His Church—its sanctity of worship, its missionary character, the personal holiness of its members, the divine sustenance, the necessity for brotherly tenderness, and the eradication of evil. It is upon the first four of these subjects that I desire to speak to you. On some of them I can hut speak in outline. They are so great that on no one of them can I speak adequately. Nor for one moment do I pretend that my poor thoughts can fill up the great measure of the rule of life which the petitions themselves may present to you. Our own River Murray as it slowly BWeepB onward to the ocean of its rest now presses the great cliffs on one side and then hends over to where towering cliffs upon the other side have marked the margin of the great estuary which, miles wide, once flowed to the Southern Seas. The rivers devious channel, wide as it is, is but a span's breadth of the grand course down which the ancient tideway rushed. High upon the rocks long and deep-cut lines tell of the volume of water which once filled the great valley it wore foritself. Nowone looks and wonders. And yet the great channel serves: and puny in its contrast with what nas gone before, the Murray rolls onward to the sea. So indeed must be the contrast between such words as I may speak to yon and the channel which suggests their course. Yet how conld I choose better than in choosing the best—God grant flia blessing —then what we need we nave. Reverently, therefore, my brethren, and laying aside the shoes of presumption, let us see some aspect of the law of life for the Church underlying the sacred words— " Our Father, which art in heaven." There is a longing among many earnest Christian persons for unity. There is recog nition among an ever-increasing number that our divisions are unnecessary and wrong. Is there any prospect of any reunion ? On this let us dwell for a little. What is our idea of the Church! 1. It is a visible kingdom with an invisible Uead, who confers upon it supernatural grace. Every member of the kingdom shares in the honours of the king dom. It is a kingdom of priests—every faitbfnl member of it is called to a holy and royal priesthood. 2. It iB a body. It is vital with supernatural life, A sacrament gives entrance into it. A sacrament gives nourishment in it. It has its organs of the ministry—the bishops, priests, and deacons are its organs. These are neither, on the one hand, the source of the life of the body, for the life is given to the whole body, and the organs share in it; nor, on the other hand, are the organs formed by the body, but given by the Lord to the body, for the due trans- ! mission of divins doctrine, and for adminis- 1 tration to the wonts of the body. 3. It is a family, God's family. The j Blessed Lord is not only perfect God and perfect man, but in Him who has taken our nature we partake of the divine nature. As many as have been baptized into Christ have pat on Christ. They have received the Bpirit of adoption. They have the right to look up to God and call him father. True, He is the Father of all, and to realize this makes all men brethren. But it is in his Church this realization is found, and the entrance into it is a birth into a new world— into a family, into a brotherhood, where is God the Father, Christ the elder brother, the Holy Ghost the sanctifying bond of holy union. Bear with me, my brethren, for bringing principles so well known before you. I would have you apply them to the present state of things. Every student knows how they were the strength of the Ghursh ot the first days. Almost every earnest Christian, too, will tell you they are what we need to regain in their depth and their simplicity more than all things now. There is no need to enquire now how they are lost. The question for us is rather how shall they be regained ? Is there any manifestation of a desire for their recovery? Let me point out at least one such' indication. It has been said that of three of our Blessed Lord's Apostles who stand pre-eminent in the in fluence which the teaching associated with their name will always exercise, two have specially dominated the character of religious teaching of Western Europe. With the name of St. Peter, whether rightly or wrongly, is inseparably linked that era in the Church's history in which, clad in the purple of the Cessars, she asserted her authority where the Roman Empire had deoiined and fallen. If there was a proud Imperialism patent in her march, yet the sceptre that she wielded was for God, and her grandly conceived attempt to ameliorate the scene of things cannot but win much admiration. The Reformation marked the deep hold which, thank God, the teaching of St. Paul had gained upon the minds of men. The heart-stirring writings of St. Augustine of Hippo largely con tributed to this. The apprehension of the I personal access of the believer to a personal1 Saviour, the prominence given to the doctrine of justification by faith, led to an outburst of enthusiasm for the special teachings of St. Paul, which found vent in well-known move ments ; and, as the result, among a large number at leaBt of English-speaking Chris tians has there been, possibly still is, an almost exclusive attention to the aspect which Christianity bears to the individual. But the teaching of the third of these three greatest Apostles has never yet in the Western Church exerted its legitimate in fluence. St. John's great teachings, the stress he lays upon the doctrine of the Incarnation, the larger love of humanity, the re-creation of the world in Christ, and upon the Church as the great Society in which the world will find its social difficulties cleared up, these have hitherto found their chiefest expression in the school of fathers whose names are clustered round Lis in the Eastern Church. The comparative stagnation of that Church among semi-Oriental races in later centuries has dimmed the force of that teach ing. But there are marked signs of the turning of not only Anglican theology in the direction of teaching which is especially JohaDnine as affording the key to many of the most difficult social and religious problems of the day. If it be the case that the apostle, who best of all could interpret to us the practical meaning of the light and love of God, is to be recognised as the best exponent for our time of the mean ing of the incarnation of the Son of God, then, indeed, may our hearts be cheered as to the future. Perhaps to no man more than to Professor Westcott does the Church of Eng land owe a debt of gratitude for his exegeticat writings on St. John. I earnestly commend his commentaries, and especially that upon St. John's Epistles, to the careful study of my clergy. One rises from such study with a braver hope, and I trust a larger, warmer love for all men, It is in a more vivid apprehension of St. John's teach ings that I see the hope of re covering tbe brotherly spirit, the strength, and the noble simplicity of the early Church. Follow out the teaching; see its effect on a Polycarp, an Irenseus, an Ignatius, whose seven epistles " of the middle form" are now vindicated as (I think it not rash to say) incontrovertibly genuine in the masterly book—and the literary work of his life—of Bishop Lightfoot. Trace it in an AthanasiuB, a Chryeostom; then turn to the problems of to-day. See the slowly gathering but ever increasing forces of democracy; see the forum rent by a widening chasm between capitalist and labourer, with no Curtius yet at hand to make his noble sacrifice the healing bond. See, moBt distressing of all, the denominational strife for place—" the spiritual racing" until our very divisions become our glorying. See the schisms and exoiBions till the very joy of harmony is lost, till there are reeled out long ribbons of dull uniform colour instead of a web woven from divers threads and life-like with pattern, till there are planted out whole groves ot sombre denominations like some vast scrubs of mono tonous mallee. Ah I what would not the Church in Anstralia be capable of being and doing if instead of tbe warmth and zeal of Methodism streaming off in one direction, and the earnestness or the Baptist in another, smd the vigour of the Congregationalist and Presbyterian in a third, and tbe Church of Euglaud rich in its Catho licism and firm in its stability left to tbrow ont its new shoots, there were to be interwoven in one strong yet flexible band tbe life and strength of each of these ? But it is in a greater grasp of the meaning of the Incarnation, and in this alone, that I see the hope of meeting either the social or the re ligious difficult;—in our learning to look on every man baptized into Cbiist as our brother, in a more determined effort to realize in St, John's spirit the meaning of " The fellowship," and in our being content for the sake of this—this fellowship with the Father and with His Son _ Jesus ChriBt, this apostolic fellowship, this brotherhood of men—to give up much that we might con sider necessary in a narrower view of our duty. Then indeed should we give meaning to the words of the Lord's Prayer, "Onr Father." But Borne clearer understanding as to what can be done is necessary. Brethren, beloved, I think I know well the responsibility I bear to the whole Church of England in the position I ocoupy. Upon the Bishop especially must ever rest the duty of guarding the doctrines and disci pline of the Church. It is this grave duty which makes us slow to move where others might wish to urge ns on with rapidity. But I may confess to you I should not have accepted the position which I hold were it not that the earnest longing of my heart is to do somewhat when a fitting opportunity comes to promote greater Christian unity upon some sound and tangible basis. Possibly some will think I have lost oppor tunities of promoting that for which I profess to have a longing, but I have no desire for making appearance of unity where there is no real unity. Others will think that I have talked about it too much and done too little. But that, I reply, is of purpose. I want to create the desire which certainly does not everywhere exist. Many Bee no harm in what now goes on—more forget the ultimate tendencies of our present divisions. But it is clear that in the Colonial Church attempts may be made in a direction in which Eng land cannot well lead, and I have brought this subject before you to-day because I desire to take the opportunity of the first General Synod which I attend for expressing my views upon the matter, and X desire in the firat_ place to take counsel with you. deprecating undue haste in so solemn a matter, what I think might be done is as I follows:—1. For a whole year earnest prayer night be offered by all those of whatever Christian denomination who desire a visible unity of Christians on the basis of the in | carnation of our Blessed Lord. Then at the expiration of, that period' chosen persons night be appointed on behalf of each deno nination for the purpose of a year's historical ! and devotional study of the subject. After 1 which further period a conference might be assembled, and a scheme prepared which might then be discussed during a third year by the denominations concerned. Mean time (though I know there are many diffi culties) I should like to see any Christian minister admitted to preach in the Church of England pulpits, who, being a duly baptized person, and signing his adherence to the doctrines of the Nicene Creed (as being accepted at the last General Council of the Undivided Church) is willing to receive the Bishop's licence for the purpose. Such a step as the last would mean much, though to I some it may seem a slight one. It probably could not be taken, even if it were an I advisable one, without the consent of the General Synod. But, as I have said, I hope to take that opportunity of bringing this great question forward. For ourselves of the Church of England, before I leave the section of my address headed by the solemn invocation of the Lord's Prayer, let me earnestly beg by the mercies of our God the cultivation of a spirit of patience, springing not from a habit of laisstz faire, but from a good bright hope of one another and a mauly epirit of tolerance for one another's opinions; springing not from indifference, but from the possession of fixed principles, and because we look on one another as brethren made to be children of Oar Father iu Heaven through incorporation into the mystical body of Christ our Lord. Worship. The first petition of the Lord's Prayer necessarily leads our thoughts in any survey of the Chnrch's life to the sphere of worship. " Hallowed be Thy Name," Would to God the unselfishness of the peti tion more greatly characterized our lives who offer it. It speaks of reverence, that good quality which of all otherB is most lacking in colonial life — reve rence first for God, which checks a man's rash speech, and bids him think of consequences of it, which bids him put God, not himself, first, and which next bids him be thoughtful for the feelings oi his brother men made in the image of God. And it speaks of worship as apart from prayer. On the whole I notice with thankfulness a gradual improvement in the worship in many of our Churches. But I would remark that the manner of the services, wherever any alteration does not con duce to a more heartfelt and true worship of Almighty God, where it is introduced in such a manner as to alienate a large number of the congregation, then whatever good may be looked for is more than outweighed by the harm that is done. It should be borne in mind that in his chapter on ritual (14th chapter of the First Epistle to the Corinthians) in which St. Paul lays down the rule—" Let all things be done decently and in order," he also urges, and that continually—"Let all things be done unto edifying." It is not edifying, not " building up" the Church, to introduce a practice, however lawful and beautiful in itself, which has the effect of scattering the very stones of the spiritual temple with which a wise master builder ought to build. Yet there are personB who are ready unnecessarily to take offence, and to them I would commend some wise words of the Eight Hon. W. E. Gladstone—" The very same person who errs by making his own conscience in ritual a measure for the consciences of other men, less they should run to exceBs, may be himself in surfeit while he dooms them to starve, for what is famine to them may be to him excess ; what they can digest may be to him indigestible." There is one matter in relation to " Wor ship" on which I cannot reflect without much pain. It is the tendency—by no means con fined to ourselves—to regard Festival and other special services of Almighty God, as being simply a mode of obtaining money for purposes connected with the Church. How really terrible a thiDg it is to see, as one frequently does in the newspapers, "The services held at Buch a place last week were very successful, producing a gain of so muoh to the Church. I do not say that the clergy when planning their special services have any other idea than that of rendering to the Almighty the worship which is fliB due, and of building np the people in their most holy faith—but the popular interpretation as evinced in the newspaper reports ought to set us all thinking deeply. Are we suffi ciently endeavouring to impress on our people thesolemmty of ourapproach to &od;? Dothey learn from our manner, our reverence in even speaking of things pertaining to God, from our care for the House of God, our avoidance ' of all slovenliness in everything which con- j cerns our services, our preservation of eveu the fabric of the Church, that we believe in the promised spiritual presence of onr Blessed Lord in our midst ? This is not only a clergy man's question. It affects you my brethren of the laity equally with us, nay, it affects the whole community. For to trifle thus with the solemn things of God is to break that commandment of the Decalogue which is enshrined in this petition. To grow darkened in the very focus of our spiritual light, our approach to God, is to grow in a darkness that will envelop all onr dealings. One word as to the Sacrament of Holy Baptism. I would gladly see more careful provision made in many Churches for its due celebration. Often when a new Church is built do I find no font provided. More often when provided do I find it utterly inadequate for its purpose and wrongly placed in the Chnrch. However, this point I will leave to the Archdeacons and preBs them to give it prominence. But I confess I cannot see why the direction of the Prayer-book that the "Priest shall dip it (the child brought to be baptised) in the water discreetly and warily' should not be more regularly obeyed iu this Diocese. In England the character of the climate is generally urged as the reason for tbe adoption of what the Church only sanc tions as an alternative where it is certified that the child is weak. Here the same reason cannot be frequently urged. It is probablythe use or cub torn of England and of the Western Church that has bred the habit. But when we remember how much we thus Iobo Bight of the fall signifi cance of the holy rite, and how mnch onr custom—not our Church's teaching—tends to perpetuate the division from ub of a large section of Christian people, and indeed how great a stumbling-block onr custom is said to be tomembers of the Eastern Church, surely in our warm latitudes of Australia we might make a return to that mode of holy baptism which the Church enjoins. A good custom of the Charch, which both in England and here is becoming more and more honoured in the breach than the obBervanoe, was the placing at the east end of the Church (accord ing to the Canons of 1603) the legibly written copies of the Creed, the Lord's PrayBr, and the Ten Commandments. PosBibly the greater decoration 01 cnanceis naa leu to tue uuuoe . of these. Eat Barely to restore them to a place oil the east wall of the nave would be a distinct gain in a land where the religious instruction is of so scanty a character as it is here. And I would say the same of the table of prohibited degrees with 1 which marriage is forbidden by the Church. The Church has never relaxed her laws of marriage since their table was framed, Ho clergyman holding a licence in this Diocese can be permitted to marry persons within these degrees, and it is well that our people should be more familiar with the fact. In old Chinches at home it was a common custom to find Buch a table exhibited in the porch or near the west door of the Church; and there should be no difficulty about our reviving it. I would fain have lingered, my brethren, on this portion of my subject, and have urged od my brethren of the laity the glorious privileges which is theirs as well as ours in the chiefest act of Christian worship — the true thanksgiving service ■ - the eucharist. For the increase of communicants in the Diocese I can indeed rejoice. They are the very strength and backbone of the Church. Their growth in numbers is steady. God grant them equal and greater growth in grace. It is no new theory that the whole congrega tion of faithful people shares in the consecra tion, joinB in the pleading of the merits of the Cruoified One. How much more hearty would be our communions were this aspect more frequently regarded, Hay, all our ser vices, with this as the central act of our worship, would grow in heartiness and vigour if only those who attended them would look on their part as just as mportant as the part of the minister. The secret of such heartiness and such vigour lies just in this—in the knowledge of the name, the character of the Holy One, the God who is love—and the true prayer, "Hallowed be Thy name," going up from each one to whom God has revealed it. "Thy kingdom come." Every earnest Churchman must desire the increase of his Lord's kingdom. And as the first petition of the Lord's Prayer under which we reflected on some aspects of our worship taught us reverence for our Father's name, so under this second petition are our thoughts necessarily raised to the contempla tion of the kingship of the ever-blessed Son of God and the charge which He has left to HiB Church to extend His kingdom. To this duty 1 ask your attention under the influence of the prayer which He has put Irltft mil* rnnnfJiQ TJitt rtnimn " into our months, "Thy kingdom come." Only last year I announced to you the conse cration of the Bight Bev. Dr. Hannington as Bishop of an immense missionary district in equatorial Africa. How his name is added to the Churche's hero-roll of martyrs. His strong will, his great courage, his intense devotion to his Master have surely not been unworthily spent in that perilous and benighted laud. It is said that at least six andtwenty men have voluntarily come for ward to offer themselves for the work in which he fell by such a cruel death. God blesB them! The missionary spirit I of the Church is not dead. Vet who cud say we do not need more of it here, almost the last words which our lamented Dean said to me were in expressing his desire of seeing more of this spirit among us. We need it in our parishes. Many of our clergy are greatly overworked, and especially bo in those parishes where far more work is needed. The existing congregations absorb all their attention, and hundreds, if not thousands, of members of our Church are lost to us, and in many cases are passing their lives without any help from the ministrations of religion. And yet there are laymen rich enough in every town parish to supply the necessary means for the payment of an assistant curate, who never seem'to realize the gTeat responsibility that lies upon them as well as upon the clergy for the thorough catrying out of the Church's work. I know the difficulty of the times, and I desire very heartily to thank those members of tbe Church who, in spite of difficulties have made a generous response to my appeal for funds for the Home Mis sion Society. But I want to see much more dene in our town parishes. The ten days' mission which it is proposed to hold in four of these parishes next Advent will, 1 trust, bave the effect of at least evoking the work of many persons who hitherto have not attempted to do anything in propagating their holy reb'gion. It is fitting; I should say, how warmly this proposed mission had the sympathy and support of the late Dean. One outcome of it, I hope, will be that in no large parish of our city will Churchmen rest content without funds being provided for an assistant curate, who will assist their incum bents in developing the work which at pre sent they are anxious bnt nnable to accom plish. I know the fear may arise that tbe present inadequate payments of the incum bents may possibly^ be even farther reduced by any attempt to_increase the number of the clergy working in their parishes, yet I honestly believe this fear will prove to be exaggerated. For, in the first place, tbc irore work that is done, , the more financial support will be ob tained, and, in the next place, I cannot: help thinking that if a commission be appointed to examine into the appropriation of onr variouB Church funds, some scheme may be devised by which grants could be made to assist incumbentB in the payment of their curates. One way which has been sug gested of meeting the undoubted want of more workers in the Church iB in the revival of what is called the permanent diaconate, I am somewhat unwilling in this address to anticipate the disoussion that will arise upon a motion that is to be submitted to yon in Synod, bnt if the result of the disoussion should show special difficulties in reviving this order, are there not other ways lying near to hand by which the labours of duly qualified and licensed persons might be utilized in the Chiurch. In the neighbouring dioceses in Victoria there is, you are aware, an office which bears the name of honorary reader. Those who hold the office are paid for their work, and the late Bishop of Melbourne on a recent occasion warmly praised their work. Indeed, in this Diocese we have two or three gentlemen who, under the name of catechiet, and with a smaU stipend, are doing good work for the Church in districts where the clergy cannot be main tained. This system might be extended with advantage, and where it is impossible from various causes to obtain the services of a curate, a catechist, whose whole timo should be devoted to Church work, if he were a really earnest God-fearing man with soma ability, would prove an invaluable assistant to the parish priest. But we want more lay man's work in the parishes. I am not afraid of hostile att&ckB; upon Christianity, bnt I am 'afraid of the chill air of agnosticism numbing men into spiritual sleep so deep that their religion becomeB a dream and nothing more. Against this work is the remedy. Let me quote Bome stirring words from a sermon of one with whom I have not found myself always so much in accord as upon this point, (the Bishop of Liverpool). " The laity of our Church are not where they ought in the direct worK ox unriBi ana tne iarcnerance ox Christianity in the land. A mischievous habit of leaving all religion to the parson of the pariah has overspread the country, and the hulk of lay Churchmen seem to think that they have nothing to do with the Church hut to reoeive the benefit of her means of grace, while they contribute nothing in the way of personal active exertion to promote her efficiency. If an Epheaian or Philippian or Tbessalonian lay Churchman were to rise from the dead and see how little work lay Churchmen do for the English Chnrch, he would not believe his eyes. The difference between the primitive type of a lay Church man is the difference between light and dark ness, black and white. The one used to be awake and alive and always ahont his Master's business. The other is too often asleep practically, and torpid and idle, and content to leave the religion of the parish in the hands of the parson, . . . Let every parochial incumbent make a point of teaching every communicant that he is an integral part of the Church of England, and is bonnd to do all that he can for its welfare—to visit, to teach, to warn, to exhort, to edify, to help, to advise, to comfort, to support, to evangelize, to awaken the sleeping, to lead on the enquiring, to promote repentance, faith, and holiness everywhere according to his gifts, time, and opportunity. He should educate his people to see that they must give up the lazy modern plan of leaving everything to the parson, and mnst be active agents instead of sleeping partners. Never will things go well with the Church of England until every individual member realizes that he has a duty to do to his Church, and keeps that duty continually in view." The Bishop of Liverpool speaks of the work of evangelizing. I am not without hopes that in the course of a year or two, if money matters improve in the colony, it may be in my power to form a lay brotherhood of per sons who, living in community together, should spend then time in working for God About two years ago I drew a set of rules which provided for a small number of men living upon a sheep station, supporting them selves by the produce of the station, who were to be under the religious superintendence of a clergyman with special qualifications. They were to he under no vows, but the rules were strict. Some of them were to be employed in education, some in the more mechanical and manual work required on the station, but all were to be called upon as occasion required to go forth and preach the Gospel without charge wherever sent. The only diffi culties in the way of its being carried out—certainly they are great ones—are the need of funds for the purchase of a station, and of the right man to place at the head of: such impoitant work. The first of these difficulties it iB in your power, my brethren,, to overcome; the second will, I doubt not, disappear on the removal of the first. Such a man, I may, however, now say, would have to be of largehearteduess, capable of working with men who perhaps may not even< be members of the Church of England, endowed with some of the love of a St, Francis de Sales, the courage of a Savonarola, and the adaptability of a Fatteson, and, above all, the holiness and the zeal of a John Wesley. The need of the work of such a brotherhood is espeoially felt in thinly populated country districts. Oh! that it might be found in the heart of some liberal man to assist me in founding such work for God. In two ways, it BeemB to me, we may without difficulty assist in developing active Church life in the country districts. The first of these is by giving a more real character to the Bishopfe visitation of the parishes. I have before this intimated to many of the clergy that on the occasion of my visit to any country parish where it is practicable I am anxious to have an opportunity of catechising the children of the Church. For the last year or so I have been able, through the arrangements kindly made by the clergy, to carry out this plan in many parts of the DioceBe. It not only has the advantage of bringing the Bishop into personal contact with the young of his flock, but I have already become convinced of the good that is done to the Sunday-school through the stimulus of the expected visit. It is my wish also that my visitation may be made the occasion for presenting to me a roll of the' communicants in the parish, and for exhibiting the licences of the lay readers, and farther "for the incumbent to formally make a brief statement to me of the progress of spiritual life in the parish. It would be an advantage if at the same time the Chnrch Wardens could present to me a short report on the financial condition of the Church. The other matter to which I alluded con cerns the development ol interest in Church work in a wider area than the parish. I think we must all see the need of this, and it has seemed to me that some further interest than at present exists might be stimulated by occasional gatherings for discussion of the clergy and Synodal representatives in various parts of the Diocese. For this pur pose I propose, though by degrees, to divide the settled portions of the Diocese intoRnral Deaneries. 1 have asked the Archdeacon of Adelaide to prepare a scheme for me for the formation of Deaneries in his_ Archdeaconry, and I propose to give authority to the Rural Dean of each Deanery to gather together in the most snitable locality all the clergy and Synodal representatives of his Deanery for discussion occasionally upon topics which wonld be suggested to them, or which they might suggest for themselves. There will be no need of new machinery for this, and though it would not be fair to expect busy men to travel great distances, or fre quently, yet even occasional meetings will, I hope, stimulate greater interest in Church matters among those concerned. Before I leave the subject of the increase of the kingdom let me say how earnestly I wish thatonrCharcbesthroughoutthewholediocese could be more Jused during the week than they are at present. It is sad to see a Church door locked from Snnday to Sundav. and though it may be replied that to hold the ordinary services on the week days would be a matter of snch difficulty in many places, and that they wonld be attended by so few persons, that the labour of conducting them wonld be better bestowed in doing work in other ways, still I am convinced that the steady adherence to the prayer-hook rule on the matter produces in the long run blessings npontbe parish for which any earnest pastor cannot be too thankful. But if our people cannot find interest enongh in the regular | morning and evening prayers to induce them to make the effort required in coming, can we not attach them to the Church by some simpler service, and so lead them on to a love for the fuller worship. I see no reason why on weekdays Bible-clasBes and Guild meetings shonld not be held, or an occasional meeting for the purpose of singing hymns, or a weekday or weeknieht children's service, or a missionary address. In any of these ways we Bnonld be stirring onr people to more life, and teaching them to care more for the House of God. let me also, borrowing from my own ex perience, learnt from one of the moat active and able Bishops in England, press on the attention of my brethren the valuable help which they would obtain from wisely con ducted " after meetings," as thej are called, held at special seasons in their Churches when the ordinary eerviceB for the day are concluded, A simple instruction with a few earnest words of exhortation, some brief prayers (I see no reason why theBe, if offered by the clergyman himBelf, should not be extempore), with one or two simple, well-known hymns, would be the means of drawing many persons to make some ubb of the House of God who find at present no telp_ to themselves in the more ornate and dignified services arranged in the Prayer-book. Yet to myself in sug gesting these various ways of increasing the efficiency and work of the Church in our midst, and to you whom I address may the recollection come home that is God's Kingdom for the coming of which we are taught to pray. It is very difficult to resist the spirit of rivalry—more difficult to exclude the spirit of self- gratification in our work. Of course this is far better than idleness or in difference ; but the remedy against all these lies to band. It is in the constant recollec tion of Him whose is the kingdom. It is in getting hold of the fact, in such a way that it may get hold of us—that by suffering and the cross the Blessed Lord won the kingdom and the crown. Think what it cost Him. Keep Him ever before the mind's eye. Bring each action before Him. Test it by the question asked of conscience—Would He approve, would He have done it? And if the clear answer comes from a sincere heart bidding you go forward, tben with good courage give of your best labour, your best strength, for the kingdom is the Lord's, and we are but His soldiers and servants. "Thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven." A specially solemn meaning will attaeh itself in our minds to these words to- day. I had intended, under the heading of tins petition of the prayer, to have spoken to you mainly, if not solely, of that personal holiness which it iB especially the office of the Holy Ghost to impart and to promote within us. I had thought to dwell somewhat on the need for a higher personal standard of religion, and to have pressed upon you with all my power that, however important may be the other duties of which I nave spoken, that which stands as our first require ment to fit us to accomplish rightly the Church's work is " holiness, without which no man can see the Lord." But now another aspect of thess words will be before you. God has called from us so suddenly one whose going makes to us in Adelaide so awful a blank that we reel as under a heavy shock. It would be wrong to murmur. The Lord hath done as it seemed to Him good. For him who has gone se give thanks. We thank God for his life and his work here. We thank God, some of us, that we have learnt to know him well enough to catch at some thing of his character, and to have him ever in our memories as an example and a guide. We thank God for his joy now in the ~ Fi - - - - Paradise of the blessed. For we doubt not be bath indeed passed from death unto life. But yet when we turn to our work here in Synod, when we think of the sorrowing family, we can only bow our heads in reverence and say, " Thy will be done," On the subject of personal holiness the late Dean was more desirous that I should speak than on any other topic I have chosen. For I may eav to you that when I had only laid out the scheme of thiB address some weeks ago I dis cussed with him the advisability of my addressing you as I am doing.^ It was at his earnest solicitation tnat x ultimately deter mined to proceed with it, and 1 shall think it my dnty at some future time, if God spares me, to bring before you tha_ social and other aspects of our work which I see in dicated in the remaining petitions of the Lords Prayer. But now I attempt to address myself to the subject of the manifestation of the will of God in our daily life. The dis graceful revelations which nave this year been made of so much commercial im morality and shameless dishonesty have been, one is thankful to think, a real shock to our community. Religion has received a blow in our colony from which it will take years to recover. The hypocrisy and hollow pro fession of active religious principle which have covered so much fraud have disgusted a large number of right-minded people with even the name of religion. What can have led to snch an epidemic of embezzle ment ? Is it that there has been so great a leaning on the emotional side of reueions teaching that practice has become perhaps insensibly alienated from profession? Is it the fever of the love of gain which haB throbbed so wildly and burnt up so madly the life of the people that it has set them in a delirium of recklessness, only to leave them emascniated and without principle ? Is it a false shame of poverty and a false estimate of what they think the honour due to wealth? Is it the contagion of emulation which makes some men reBtlesB if they think another is getting on faster than themselves, or is it the love of luxury, that carse of onr age, which creates unnecessary wants, and then deems it necessary to satisfy them, until the whole simplicity of the man has gone from him 1 £ know not to which of these causes it may be attributed, but I do know this, that any one of them is a course of life condemned by the life of Him who came to do His Father's will, and has taught us to pray that we may do it. Now, our first duty is clear. It is to teach a greater simplicity of life. I need not take up your time by suggesting the method. Only that I would urge you, my reverend brethren, to make it a frequent ana prominent topic in your sermons; next to press more home upon your people that manly and in the best BenBe old English form of'Christian teaching which we have in our grand old Church Catechism—the rule of God's Commandments, the fear of God, the hononr and love due to man, our duty towards God, and oar duty towards our neighbour. If these were taught aB they once used to be, if parents had taught their children and masters their scholars this good old-fashioned teaching, I verily believe that the troubles which press on us now through men being indifferent to the needs of each other, and to their own duty in supplying them, an well as the shame which rests on us through so much sham Christianity, would have Been averted from our land. With this in view let me urge again a return wherever possible to the custom of public catechizing in Church. From various circumstances it will be diffi cult to carry out such a plan in every parish. But the obvious advantage it gives in recall ing the minds of parents and other older persons present to elementary teaching, which in riper years they perhaps think superfluous, makes this practice most desir able, Not that what I say iB to be taken as a Blight upon Sunday-schools. More and more do I see the necessity of extending these, and of making the instruction given in them more valuable. May not something more than hitherto be done by the clergy in garnering cue teauuurB ut erou buijuui together weekly, and in working out with them the lessons to be imparted to the scholars? lu what better manner can each parish priest accomplish his dnty of forming in the minds of the children committed to his care that spirit of reverence, of fear towards God, and of duty towards others which it ought to be the aim of every earnest clergyman to culti vate ? Is it presumptuous of me to press on you from the experience gained as a parish priest in populou8 districts that there ie no opportunity in one's ministry which iB so valuable for engraving on the hearts of our people true lessons of life and godliness as in the season of preparation for confirmation ? Every year ae the eeason for it comes round it should be made a time of renewal for those who have been confirmed in past years. It is not too soon to begin the preparation at leaet a year before. I remember when the Archbishop of York inducted me to my firBt benefice he told me that once Mr. Munro, at the time of a confirmation ia Leeds, pointed out to him three large groups of per pnna «n Viin Phlivnls TKaao eai/1 Vio Bons in bis Church, "These, said he, pointing to one of them, "are the candidates to be presented to day ; these again are the communicants confirmed last year, and these," pointing to a third, " are the candidates for next year's confirma tion." On the principle involved in this story I beseech you to act. When the time comes for rendering our solemn account before God how shall we he able to answer for our use of the precious opportunity given ue in preparation of our candidates for confir mation ? Dear brothers, make the most of it; it is of priceless gain for our own growth in holiness. It is the time for forming and deepening in onr young that personal holi ness which is the aim of the petition, " Thy will be done." I have spoken, my reverend brethren, of our responsibility. After all, thiB is for our lives even more than for our work. It is the life of the priest more than his words or acts which form his people. Tbey are too apt, as I think Massillon says, to reduce the great standard of religious practice to that which they see evidenced in the liveB of the clergy. "No man that warreth entangleth with the things of this life"—the riches, the speculations, the luxuries, the frivolities—" that he may please Him who hath chosen him to be a soldier." The Christian Bhepherd must in holiness precede his flock. Here is a model for the parish priest which Bishop Ken has drawn Give me the priest these graces shall possess— Of an ambassador the just address, A father's tenderness, a shepherd's care, A leader's courage which the cross can bear, A prophet's inspiration from above, A teacher's knowledge and a Saviour's lore. Give me the priest, a light upon a hill, Whose rays a whole circumference can fill, Who is all that he would have others be, From wilful sin, though not from frailty, free. Or listen to another. Our late dear Dean wrote and sent me these lines in February last. They will mean much aB we think of him to-day For by a holy voice it hath been said Their works do follow them; they live and grow. The thought of them is like a glory shed Un us. who fain would catch their sacred glow. Their voice ia still; but, kneeling where they knelt, We carry on their volume of desire, And here may feel, what our forerunners felt, When Heaven touch'd the sin-stained lips with fire. Then Benedictus I we may softly say, Blest is the good example ot the past; Bach generation lengthens the array Of men who in the fight of faith stood fast. Business Meeting. At 3 p.m. the members of the Synod met at the Cnurch Office iu Leigh-street. The Bishop occupied the chair as President. The President appointed the Kev. F, T. 'Whitington as Reporter, the Rev. Canon Green as Clerical Secretary, and Mr. G. W. Hawkes aB Lay Seeretary. THE DEATH OF DEAN RUSSELL. The Eev. Canon Green moved—" That the Standing Orders be suspended to allow of His Lordship proposing a vote of condolence with the widow and family of the late lamented Dean Russell." Mr. J. H. Thorn ley seconded. Carried. The President said that he did not wish to say much on the subject, as the resolution covered the whole ground. Indeed, he could hardly trust himself to speak, as he had already had occasion to deliver himself fully upon the mournful death of the Dean. It might be that later on more would be said, hut at present it was not advisable to pro long the proceedings, seeing that many of the members of the Synod had received an invitation (an invitation which he would venture to extend to those who had not already received it) to attend at the Mayor's Parlour at the Town Hall that afternoon at 4 o'clock for a purpose which would be disclosed tothemthere. Theresolutionwasasfollows:— " The Bishop, clergy, and laity of the Church of England in Synod assembled desire to place on record their sense of the severe, the almost irreparable Iobb they have suffered in the sudden death of the late Dean of Adelaide, who by hie generous and sym pathetic character had endeared himself to all who knew him; by his self-denying Christian life had Bet them a bright example of following the Master whom he served; and by hia great abilities had contributed the most valuable help in the discussions of previous Synods, and in the development of the work of tne Church throughout the diocese ; and they further desire to express to Mrs. Bussell and the family of the late Dean their intense sympathy with them in their great sorrow." Archdeacon Marbyat in seconding, re called the part which the late Dean had taken in the formation of this Synod and how actively he had sinoe worked. Daring his life in the colony he had been not only a hard toiler in the service of his Master, but he bad suffered constantly. Within a very few yearB, at the beginning of bis ministry, four deaths bad taken place in bis family. Then his own health failed, and he was not expected to survive long. They must admire the manliness and courage with which he took such an able part in the work of the Church to which he belonged. They all sympathized with Mrs. Bussell, who had been a good wife to the late Dean and a good mother to bis children. (Hear, hear.) Tbe motion was carried ne.ni. con. The President then moved—"That the Synod do adjourn until 7 o'clock this evening to indicate our respect for the memory of the late Dean, and to allow of those present at tending the meeting which will be held this afternoon in the Mayor's Parlour." Archdeacon Mabryat seconded the motion, which was agreed to. The meeting then adjourned for the pre scribed interval. NEW ELECTION COMMITTEE. Canon Dendy moved for the appointment as Election Committee of the same gentlemen as formed the committee lastyear, namely Bevs. Canon Dendy, F. S. Poole, T. Field, Messrs. 6. W. Hawkes and F. P. G. McCrae, The committee met immediately. KEPOBT OF STANDING COMMITTEE. The Standing Committee submitted their annual report upon the bnsinesa referred to them or left incomplete by the last Synod, and also upon other business. It was re ported that] a lease of Robe parsonage had been prepared by the solicitors, and executed under the seal of the Synod. The alterations to fundamental provisions and regulations not fundamental made by the last Synod has been duly filed in the Supreme Court, in obedience to Clause 2 of the Associations Incorporation Act, 1858. During the year Dr. Mayo, Major Jervois, and Mr. J. E. Dempster reeigned their seats on the committee, and Messrs. E. N. Wigg, F. J. Blades, and J. Barker have been elected in their places. The Kev. W. A. Campbell has been appointed Curator of the Lyndoch Cemetery. A sub-committee had been appointed to con sider the question of Synodal collections. Synod was recommended to decide that where ever throughout the diocese services are held at leaet ouce a month, the congregation should make the annual collection iu aid of the Biahop'e Home Mission Society; and that wherever throughout the Diocese services are held at least once a month, the congregation should make the annual collection in aid of miseions to the heathen. A farewell address was presented on behalf of Synod to Bishop Moorhouse at a public meeting in the Town Hall ou March 13, 1886. A letter from the Primate has been received, announcing bis intention to summon the General Synod to meet in Sydney about the end of October next, and asking that notice may be sent of any business proposed to be brought forward bv the representatives of this Diocese. The following properties have been vested in Synod during the past yearSix acres of land in the township of Macclesfield, upon which is erected St. John's, Macclesfield; Lot 85, Salis bury, the site of St. John's Church: and lots 8 and 0, of Section 5629, Hundred of Yatala, Teatree Gully, the gift of Mr. P. D. Prankerd, us a site for a Church; part Sec tion 819, Hundred of Yatala, Highbury, the gift of Miss Dordoy for Church purpoBeB j and part Section 1201, Hundred of Onkaparinga, the site of the Church of the Epiphany, Crafers. St. Mary's, Wallaroo, was removed from the list of Churchs receiving grant in aid on December 31, 1SS5, having received a grant for nineteen years, four years in excess of the ordinary period. Christ Church, Kadina, should have been removed from the list on June 30,1883, but, to give more time for procuring an endowment, the committee decided to continue the grant until De cember 31, 1886. St. Themas'e, Port Lincoln, having ^received grant-in-aid for twenty-one years, was removed from the list on De cember 31,1885. Owing to the large increase of the number of ChurcneB receiving grant in aid, the committee were obliged to reduce the grant by 20 per cent, for the half year ended December 31, 1885, and regret that it is improbable that the funds at their disposal will permit of the full rate being paid for a considerable time. The grants for the year amounted to £619 8s. 2d., £37 15s. lid. less than the amount paid in the Erevious year. To meet them, the Lord ishop provided the snm of £381 from the Allen Pastoral Aid Fund, and the Attorneys of the S.P.G. gave £200, and increase of £100 on their previous grants. The balance, £38 8s. 2d.,has Etillto be met. St. Mary's,Penola, has been endowed for a capital amount of £100; St. Peter's, Williamstown, for £100; and St. Jude's Brighton, for £100. Towards these endowments the Incorporated Churoh of England Endowment Society contributed £180, and the three Churches £40 each, making the total £300. Applications have been received from St. Peter's Robe, for £300 ; St. Jade's, Brighton, £300 additional; Holy Trinity, Lyndoch., £100 ; St. Mary's, Wallaroo. £100. In each case the contribn tion of 40 per cent, has been received from the Church, and the grant of the I.C.E.E.S., £000 for the year, will be nearly suffi cient to complete the whole of these en dowments before December 31, 1886. The whole of the assessments for Synodal expenses have, with the following exceptions, been paid(1), Church of the Holy Cross, Mount Gambier, £1010s. 8d.; (2), All Souls' Church, St. Peter's, £4 3s. 4d.; (3), St. Paui'B, Rhynie, £14s, Fhe Wardens of the Church of the Holy Cross objected to pay their assessment on the ground of its excessive amount, and the committee informed them that if in Synod an appeal for the redaction of the amount were made, they felt much dis posed to Bupport it. The payment of the assessment by St. Paul's, Rhynie, was excused by the committee. ,The committee think that the peculiar circumstances of St. Matthias's Church, Myponga, warrant them in asking Synod to exempt it from the payment of as sessment for the present. The amount received during the past year has been sufficient to meet the expenditure with the exception of £1 lis. 8d. Had all the assessments been received, and some outstanding accounts for vestry record-boobs, dec., been paid, there would have been a balance in hand. The ex penditure for 1886-87 iB estimated at £295. An assessment had been prepared. The rate per sitting let, or in cases where no sittings are let, the rate for every £1 paid to the clergyman as stipend has been fixed at 7d., a reduction of 3d. on last year's rate. This assessment will produce £314 10s. 5d., in cluding £12 109., the amonnt recommended by Synod last year for payment by the Cathedral. Notwithstanding the existing depression, the amount received for the Home Mission Fond has exceeded tkat of the previous year by £1113s. 8d. Tbe amount received for missions to the heathen is £166 9s. 4d., only £5 19s. 5d. less than last year; £16317s. 4d. has been paid to the Melanesian Mission, and £1 12s. to the Delhi'Mission. It was resolved that the report lie on the table. CLEBOr AXXU1TP FUND BEPOBT. The Standing Committee presented to Synod the account of receipts and expendi ture for the nine months ending December 31,1885, and the balance-sheet at that date, £280 7s. 7d., the amount of unexpended income on March 31, 1885, has been capi talized. A collection on behalf of this fund bad been received from Christ Church, Mount Gambler, but there was one still due. The committee reported that the Cathedral had not yet forwarded a contribution this year. Since the last report one clergyman had become a subscriber to this fund, making a total of forty-two ont of seventy-one licensed in the diocese. The report waB adopted. CLEBGY WIDOW AND OBPHAN FUND. The Standing Committee presented to Synod the account of receipts and expendi ture to December 31,1885, the balance-sheet at that date, and the fourth quinquennial balance-sheet. An Actuary's report on the state and prospects of the fund had been ob tained. it Btated that £60 annuity can be paid for the next five years, leaving a large reserveforfuturecontnbutors. The committee recommended that the annuities be fixed at £55 per annum for the next period of five years. Since the last report the names of three new subscribers had oeen added to the list. One subscriber had died, and one had left the diocese. There are now six annuitants, one having been added to the list during the year. The report was adopted. SYNODAL EXPENSES AND ASSESSMENT. In obedience to a resolution of Synod passed on May 7, 1885, the committee ap pointed to enquire into the whole question of Synodal expenses and assessment presented their reportThe committee recommended for immediate adoption the following system of assessment as being more equitable than the existing one(a) All Churches which Bhall be recognised by Synod as Mission Churches shall be assessed at £1 5s. per annum. (5) The assessment of all other Churches shall be calculated upon the aggre gate of such income of the Church as is derived from—1. Seat rents. 2, Stipend Fund. S. Offertory. 4. Endowment. 5. Special grants, (c) No Church shall pay less than £15s. per annum, (d) The assessment shall becalculated upon the income of the year next before that for which the assessment is made. It is recommended that the requisite information for calculating the assessment be obtained by means of special return to be furnished by the incumbent and wardens of each Church. In the event of any Church not making this return within a specified time, the Standing Committee shall be em powered to assesB such Church. The com mittee suggested that the expenditure should be decreased by the following means(a.) By requiring the various diocesan institutions to pay the cost of printing their reports and accounts in the Synod report; (5) By making a charge for copies of the annual report of the proceedings of Synod, excepting those copies issued gratuitously by direction of Synod, for copies of the Model Trust Deed, the fundamental provisions and regulations, and for snoh other printed documents as the Standing Committee may decide upon. It was resolved that the report lie on the table. The Anglican Synod resumed its session at the Church Office, Leigh-street, on Wednes day afternoon, May 26. Bishop Kennion occupied the chair, and the attendance was large. THE STATE OF THE DIOCESE. The Pbesident said—For the first time since I have been here it has become my sad duty in furnishing to you a report upon the state of the Diocese to record the gaps that death has made in our ranks. The first of the clergy holding my licence to be called away was the Bbv. F, Coghlan, incumbent of St. Bede's, Semaphore. Few men have been more gifted with natural eloquence than was he, and his sermons, as well as all his public speeches, were remarkable for a flow of lan guage in which he was able to express in a very striking manner some very original and useful thoughts. He will be much misBed in onr debates in Synod, where he was always listened to with well-deserved attention. His brother clergy and his large circle of friends miss in him a genial and much- loved com panion, and hi" late parishioners mourn in him a tender-hearted pastor and friend. The 1 Bev, H. B. Tomkins had left the Diocese some months before it pleased God to call him away. He was not much known in the southern parts of the Diocese, but in the Far North his name will long be remembered, and at Bishopscourt, where, during his illness, he resided for some months, he was much loved by all who came into contact with him. And how shall I tell you of the loss to us of the Dean while the grief at his sndden death is still so fresh upon us? He was the best-known Churchman, nossibly the best-loved Churchman, in the Diocese; and who can wonder at this ? For his great intellectual abilities placed him at a level far above any of us, and he had the happy power of throwing all his Btrength and in terest into everything, however small [it might be, that he undertook, so that each man as he conversed with him felt that the DeanwaB giving him of his beBt. We shall not only remember bim tor bis quickness and readineBs in our Synodal debates, nor for tbe gift with which God had blessed him of being on man; occasions a healer of strife, and we shall not remember him only as being the great exponent for us of the school of his loved master, Maurice, but we shall each of us remember bim as presenting the example of a consistent, humble-minded, unselfish, and sympathetic follower of the Lord Jesus ChriBt, and while we thank God for the blessing he has been to onr Diocese we shall pray God that we may each of us be more like him. Turning to those who from various causes have left the Diocese, I desire to express my sense of the great Iobb which not only I personally, bnt I bust the whole Dio cese has sustained in tbe departure from among us of my faithful chaplain and former fellow-worker, the Rev. A, G. Rawstorne. It is no exaggeration to say that hs had endeared himBelf to all classes of the com munity to whom he was known. For energy I never met his equal, and his unassuming modesty and a considerable measure of that sympathy whichcharacterized the late Dean are sufficient evidenoe of the high principle which lay at tbe root of his good work. His good father, now one of the Archdeacons of the Bishop of Manchester, only lent him to me for two years. It was a great gain to ub to retain him for three. But be was wanted at home, and wherever be goes be will do good work. The Rev. 6. S. IveB has gono some on account of ill-health, but if it please God to restore him we may count on hie re turn to ue. The Rev. G. Young, whose name will bring to 5 our recollection one of the moat - respected and hard • working members of Synod, has left us to accept work in the Diocese of Tasmania. The hearty good wishes of ns all will follow him. The follow ing gentlemen have come into the Diocese or - have been ordained in it:—X. The Rev. F. W. Samwell, whom I ordained deacon on Trinity Sunday last year and licensed as cnrate to the Rev. W. Bussell. 2. The Rev, T. Swann, who was ordained deacon in England for wcrk in the Diocese, and who is licensed to work in the distant post of Streaky Bay. 3. The Rev. F. Simcox Lea, who is travelling at his own expense and most generously has been work ing hard for us in various parts of the Diocese, especially at Port Augusta, where his name will always be held in esteem. He has now offered himself as a voluntary assis tant to the Rev. T. Ward in the Northern Territory. 4. The Rev. F. Maguire was ordained deacon by me last Christmas, and is licensed as assistant cnrate to the Rev. R. Kenny. 5, The Rev. M. Williams 1 ordained > deacon at the same time and licensed as assistant cnrate to the Rev. F. T. Whiting ton. 6. The Rev, F. T. Borrow I have licensed to a temporary curacy at Ulenelg. In addition to the ordinations above men tioned I ordained the Rev. C. S. Beaumont priest at the Trinity Ordination last year, and after sending him to work for a time in the mission in the Far North I have now licensed himaa assistant cnrate to the Rev. F. T. Whitington, the Organizing Chaplain to the Home Mission Society, to carry on work in the Balakl&va; distriot as successor to the Rev. W. F. Marshall. Last Christmas I. ordained the Rev. R. T. Matthews priest,, who ib now a maeter at St. Peter's College and rendersMr. Whitington such helpaBhis school duties permit. Among changes in clerical work to which I have not already alluded are the following:—I have united for the present the incumbency of Moonta with that of Wallaroo, Kadina. and Green's Plains, a district which is being worked by the Est. R. Kenny, assisted by the Rev. F. Maguire. I appointed the Rev. H. Howjtt, after many years' labour at the Burra, to the incumbency of St. Rede's, Semaphore, vacant through Mr.. Coghlan's death; and the Rev. J. S. Way land,, previously at Moonta, has succeeded him. The Rev. T. W. Merrill has been transferred from the mission work of Streaky Bay to the ■ pleasant curacy of North Adelaide, The Rev. W. F. Marshall, so soon as his recovery from a serious illness (through which by God's mercy he has been brought) will allow of it, will take up tbe work of the Far North' Mission and reside in the recently erected parsonage at Quorn. He has worked assiduously in his late large^district, and his labours have not been in vain. The Rev. P. R. P. Dodd is now appointed as assistant ■ curate to the Rev. K. Jenkins, and also curate in sole charge of Burnside. Another step towards the completion of the work of the suburban mission has been taken in forming St. Cuthbert's, Prospect, and the. Islington Mission into a mission incumbency,, to which I have appointed the Rev. T, Field. During the vacancy at Salisbury I have placed it under Mr. Whitington's charge. The Rev. B. C. Stephenson, whom we wel comed to the Diocese last year, has taken up. his residence at BiBhopsconrt as the Bishop's private chaplain. Crafers Church.—I have great pleasure in announcing the transference of this Church to Synod. Its position was for Eome time, owing to the nature of its trust deed, a cause of considerable anxiety, but I deBire to place on record the proof of a layman's deBire to promote work for God which tbe erection of that Church and the lay services held in it have afforded. In turning to the statistics of the Dioceae I find much to encourage us, considering the diffi cult _ times through which we have been passing. I am informed that the population, of the colony for the year ending December. 1885, was 319,515; that the registered births for the year were 12,046. Assuming, on the basis of tbe last census return, that the Church of England population is 27 per cent, of these numbers we should expect to find that the number of baptisms would be 3,252. As a matter of fact they did not reach this figure; but as they amounted to 3,032, an. increase of 378 upon the number in the previons year, they are nearer by about 400 to tbe figure that ought to have reached than they ever hav6 been before. This is indeed a proof of the diligence of the clergy ; bnt I truBt I may be permitted to press upon them that the privilege of baptizing children into the flock of our blessed Lord, brings with it the deep responsibility of carefully tendinis those whom tne Church has thus adopted. During the year I held 75 confirmations, ah which 930 persons were confirmed. Ttli represents a slight increase npon the number presented last year. Once more the returns of the communicants, whilst being the most important, are also the most satisfactory. The number is now 5,419 as against 4,695 last year, or an increase of 724 ; the acts of com munion aB 40,411 as againBt 35,483 last year, or an increase of 4,928. Cases in which the churching of women service has been held are not so satisfactory in number as they ought to be, but still they show a decided increase on past years, being this year 609 as againBt 503 in 1885. Church Building.—In three cases Churches or part of a Church have been consecrated during the year—St. Alban's, Glad stone, which is not, however, a new Church; a chancel added to the St. Mary's Church, Fenola; and a new Church, St. Paul's, has been built at Montacute, Besides these the following new Churches have been opened and licensed for divine service:—Christ Church, Wilmington, St. Silas's, Crystal Brook; St. Alban's, Port Victoria; St. Agnes, the Grange; the Church of the Good Shepherd, Bowden ; a mission building at Inaan Valley; and the Church of St. Paul, Hahndorf. In addition to these foundation-stones have been laid and some Sregress made with Church buildings at linlaton. Port Broughton, Teatree Gully, and Dublin. In the Sunday-schools of the Diocese there are now 874 teachers, as against 789 in the previous year, an increase of 95; and 9,163 scholars, as against 8,144 last year, or an increase of 1,019. Of these 446 are bojs and 573 are girls. The Eev. H, M. Pollitt, who is so kind as to act as Inspector of the few day-schools we have in the Diocese, reports that they are in a very satisfactory state. I may mention that he especially calls attention to the remarkable efficiency of the Pulteney-street School. For the same reasons as I gave yon last year, I do not enter at all upon the work of the Home Mission Society. I will only say in passing that each year I find it of mora value, and I think the active sympathy of every Churchman ought to be shown in the self-denying labours of those clergymen who work under its auspices in far-off distriots. Among other advantages which it haa conferred it has drawn out the generous work of a large number of lay readers andt other lay workers. This is especially the east; with the work carried on now in the suburbs. Although I do not wish to trench upon the report which will be presented to the Home Mission Society in July, I should like to take this opportunity of correcting one or two erroneous impressions that have got abroad about the Society. The first is as to its funds, which it has been asserted are falling off. This is by no means the case, though funds are greatly needed this year to supply the place of grants which in previous years bad been made to the Society from older institutions, and which now cannot be paid on account of there being a prior claim upon them for other kinos of Church work. The second is as to the suburban missions. These it should be understood are simply being worked by the Society until either they can have reached a financial position in which they would be self-supporting or until the incumbent of a contiguons parish Church should feel himself in a position to take their work upon himself. There are many clergy connected with the Home Mission Society whose work deserves praise, but I think I cannot avoid mentioning how ex tremely valuable are the services which are rendered to the Church by the organizing 'Chaplain of the Society, the Rev, P. T. "Whitington. Northern Territory.—I desire now with much thankfulness to report to you that tbe work of the Church in the Northern Territory haB now been taken in hand. It will be in yonr recollection that the Rev. Canon French abont this time last year accepted a commission from me to visit the Northern Territory and endeavour to lay -down the lines of work for thoBe who wonld follow him. I need hardly say that he well accomplished the work- he undertook. The Rev. Mr. Ullmann, the clergyman sent from England for the purpose, did not in the end enter upon the mission work at Palmer -ston, but when the Rev. Tom Ward, whom I licensed to the mission early in this year < (he sailed in February) arrived in Palmerston ■ he found a parsonage house ready built for him and a stipend arranged for him—all thanks to the energy and capable manage ment of Canon French. I have already a cheery letter, written by Mr. Ward after'his -arrival, and I have every hope that the mission which has begun so well will be fruitful in work to tbe glory of God. You > all heard with regret of the temporary closing of St. Peter's College through the unfortunate illness of the head master, .and through the . snnitnrv alterations which it was considered necessary to make. The school, you will be clad to know, has been once more opened In its old buildings with only the Iobs, I believe, of two or three scholars, who have gone to other schools in consequence of the events to which I have alluded. It is pro gressing well under the management of the able second master, Mr. Lindon, whom we have recently welcomed to the school; and j before many weeks are over I trust we shall ! have the happiness of Beeing back again in his old place our excellent head master in \- completely restored health. All Churchmen will be interested in hearing of the steady -progress and useful work of the Church In stitute. Among the strong recommendations it will have to your sympathy must be the warm interest which the late Dean took in its formation and its operations. Three Bishops have passed onr shores since I last . addressed you here. Bishop Marsden, of Bathurst, has returned home, wearied with a work in a Diocese of enormous Bize. Steps are \- being taken in England to select his successor. Bishop Selwyn, that noble-hearted missionary, 1'nBt touched here, and cheered onr hearts by lis courage and devotion ae he proceeded on his way to his peculiarly difficult work among the islands of the Pacific. Bishop Moorhouse's great speech in our Town Hall when he bade farewell to Australia will not \- soon be forgotten. His summons to England to take up the work of the lamented and \- great-souled Bishop Eraser has deprived Australia, it is trite to say, of her fore most man and her noblest Bishop. However, . his recall impresses us with a deeper sense of the onenesB of the Church of England througb \- out the globe, and we may thank God that his voice will he uplifted for God and the Church as bravely in populous Lancashire as . it ever has been in Australia that loved him J o well. (Applause.) appointment oe standing commutes. It was announced that the balloting for \- the Standing Committee for the ensuing year had resulted in the election of the following ■ gentlemen :—Revs. Canon Green, P. S. Poole, Canon French, H. M. Pollitt, Canon .Andrews, F. T. Whitington, and A. Sells, . Messrs. J. H. Cunningham, W. S. Douglas, F. Halcomb, G. W. Hawkes, • S. Toms, D. Garlick, J. G. Pitcher, ' C. Lyons, E. W. Wigg, C. B. Young, . F. P. G. McCrae, J. C. B. Moncrieff, C. fl. T. Connor, W. Barlow, A. Spence, F. G. Blades, \- J. H. Grundy, H. Scott, E. G, Blackmore, 'G. G. Mayo, C. A Oldham, and J. H. Thornley; Treasurers, Messrs. W. S. 1 Douglas and C. Lyons; Auditors, Messrs, • J, G. Pitcher and G. W. Hawkes. REVIVAL OF THE DI ACQ NATE. The Eev. F. Slanky Poole moved— •" That this Synod respectfully requests the \- Bishop (with the advice of such of its mem ' bers as he may see fit to call unto him) to 'take into consideration the revival of the diaconate in this Diocese.". There was a necessity in the colonies for increased minis terial agency. They had something that was called a diaconate, but as it existed now it ■ did not run on all fours with the diaconate of the early Church, and did not fulfil the conditions laid down in the Book of Common Prayer. It served rather as an embryo priesthood, it never being contemplated that a deacon should re main as such for any length of time. He would like to see the revival of the per manent diaconate, because of the active pro pagandists of secularism. Formerly this was a silent evil, but now it was advocated both on the public platform and by means of the Press. Under the popular name of free 1 thought it continually appealed to all classes of society. A propagandists founded on a negative could never be dangerous, but it might be mischievous. The whole time of a minister was taken up in tending the sheep already folded, and others must work to bring in new communicants. When the population of Adelaide was two and a half times less than it was now there were six clergyman in the city, and now there were only eeven. Church work and organization bad too much tendency to crystallize and become a fixity. In bygone times the Church bad done little to provide for increasing wants. The Church at present lost, he believed, a great many communicants owing to the unnecessarily lengthened and pro tracted service, which was due to the priest having no clerk or assistant, such as was referred to in the Prayer-book. (Hear, hear.) They, might now very well dispense with the provision requiring that deaconB should be " learned in the Latin tongue." (Hear, hear.) They might have three classes of deacons one unpaid, another partly paid, and another fully paid. He thought the Church would make much more headway amongst the poor and outcast, if they would take advantage of the powers of those who for a bare subsistence were ready to occupy their time in spreading the knowledge of the gospel. (Hear, hear.) The clergy would bear bim out when he said that they had lost "touch" of a large body of people. (Bear, hear.) If every clergyman had under him half a dozen deacons and other members of the sub. orders mentioned by the fathers, the Church would be in a truer sense "the Church of the people." (Hear, hear.) At this stage, before the rev. gentleman had con cluded his address, the Orders of the Day were proceeded with. The Kev. F. S. Poole (on the Synod re suming) continued his speech on the revival of the diaconate. He quoted several authori ties in favour of his contention, and held that he was showing himself most conservative in his notions in advocating this motion. The maaseB of the people could best be reached by persons who were numbered amongst them. A clergyman could not help appearing to show condescension when he talked to men of low estate. (No.) They must remember that democracy was increasing its strength, and they must prepare for it. (Hear, hear.) The Church would get the worst of the conflict unless they made friends of those who were to be their future rulers. It was absurd to say that all deacons should be shifted into the priesthood. That could never have been intended. (Hear, hear.) He wished the priesthood to be, if possible, of a higher standard of education than at present, and would not for a moment detract from its efficiency. For one thing, he would like the age at which a man might become a clergy man to be raised from 24 years. Be con templated that in the diaconate they would have representatives of all classes in the Church—gentlemanly and well-edncated deacons, and poor and uncnltured deacons. (Bear, near.) The Church of England had Buffered a great deal from being two respect able. (Hear, hear.) Good taste had had a fair trial, and if that did not reach the people they shonld not mind a little bad taste if necessary. Let them make use of enthusiasm and chasten it if required. (Hear, hear.) This had been the wise policy oi the Church of Rome, and since the Church of England had not yet learned how to get the poor into their fellowship by their exceedingly good taste let them try something else.. They would do wrong it they waited lor tne Church at home to take the lead, for she was hampered and fettered in many ways. If the Church was catholic it should mean that she was capable of adapting herself to the ever-varying conditions in which she was working. He hoped to see an active body of deacons working in all the Churches in Australia, and the Church of England not merely the Church oi the wealthy and well-to-do, but also the Church of the poor and the very poor. (Applause.) Eev. J. H. Cokvan seconded the motion. They had an episcopate and a priesthood which were living realities, but it was not bo with the diaconate. In the primitive Church men remained deacons some timess all their lives, but now they only held the j office for about twelve months. The Church | of England in Australia was waging contest not for supremacy, but for a, bore existence, A priest needed the quali ties of learning, sympathy, and spiritual , mindedness, ana every one of these required time for cultivation. As to finances, it was not fitting for a priest to collect money, and how could he go amongst the working classes whilst he lived in a house which to the poor man seemed like a palace, and went about I clothed in raiment which to the poor man appeared like purple and fine linen ? (Hear, hear.) It would be well therefore if the Church had a diaconate composed partly of members of the working classes. It was above all as the pastors of the poor that deacons were needed. Like must be reached by like, and every class was most effectually reached by ministers drawn from itself. (Hear, hear.) The education and culture of the priests helped them, but their wealth and social status were snares to their feetand stumbling blocks. If he had learned anything from past history it was that the poorer clergy were usually the most holy. When the crosses were wooden the priests were golden, , and when the crosses were golden the priests were wooden. (Ap clause.) They had found | that a process of "levelling upwards" had been taking place with Wesleyans, Primitive Methodists, and Bible Christians. Now the Salvation Army were at the foot of the ladder, and be would predict that before long they would begin clamber ing too. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) The early secessions from the Church or England had occurred because people believed that they had not gone far enough from the Church of Home. The later secessions had occurred because she did not appeal suffi ciently to the sympathies of the masses. She had been faithless to her trnst, and if she did not repent her day of judgment was at hand. These considerations appalled his soul, for before us lay, whether men liked it or not, nothing but democracy. This meant that the Church must win the democracy, and if the democracy was to be anything but a reign of terror the Church of Christ must shape and mould it. _ (Applause.) The destiny of nations, the rising or falling of civiliza tion itself, depended wholly and solely upon the Church of Christ, If there was a Christ loving democracy great and ever-increasing blessings would result to mankind—(applause) —but with a Christless democracy the most terrific evils that shuddering humanity had ever crouohed and trembled under would be sure to follow, fHenewed applause.) He urged that more should be done to provide scope to young men from the poorer classes becoming clergymen of the English Church. The most proline root of ancient schism had been the dark spirit of pride working in manifold forms in the clergy and laity of the Church of England, and he would assist every movement tending to remove diffi culties of intercourse between the Church and allclassesof thepeopleinfutnre. (Hear, hear) Mr. S. Dixon supported the motion. He regretted that, generally speaking, poor people never came to Church. He always met dissenters as brethren, and he did not see why the Anglican Churches should not be open to Aionconformist ministers as sug gested by the Bishop. The Eev. A. Honker supported the motion, but thought its object was chiefly to " tickle up the clergy," and that the proposer and seconder had forgotten who they were. (Laughter.) He objected to the clergy being charged with lukewarmness and of being out of sympathy with the com mon people. Snch was not true. He hoped that what had been said about the clergy in this Diocese would not appear in the papers. (Laughter.) He was not afraid for him self at all, but he felt for his brother clergy. (Renewed laughter.) From a great deal that had been said in the news papers lately—in reference especially to the late Dean—it would appear as if the Dean was the only clergyman of the Church of England who waB a friend of the working man. He saw several clergymen before him who were as dear to the wcrking men of their districts as any man could be. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. A. C. Hoggins admitted that the poorer classes had to a very great extent been alienated from the Church, and that the quasi-lay diaconate that the Church now possessed appeared to have failed. Deacons should have a somewhat severe training, not so much of an intellectual character as in their mode of work and in obedience and submission to authority. He saw no difficulty in the way as to finances, because lay readers and catechistB were often able to support themselves in the districts in which they worked. _ Mr. 0. C. Wharton, in supporting the motion, would like as a Pressman to say that neither of the newspapers tried to throw any slur upon the Anglican clergy, but that they had mentioned the late Dean as being pre-eminently the friend of the working classes amongst the ministers of the Church of England and of other denominations. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. H. Scott believed that an ignorant man could beBt be dealt with by a highly educated man. Men of education, who could claim all the attributes of gentlemen, were always able, if they chose, to accommodate themselves to the circumstances of the poor and ignorant. Their late fiiBhop, with all his learning and attainments, was said to have " shone best when be got among village folk." (Applause.) The getting at the heartB of the people was a matter for the clergy themselves. He was afraid that if they had a lay diaconate, as proposed, they would run too great a risk of getting a lot of inferior, lazy, and badly educated men into the ranks, ana that the tone and character of the clergy would in the end be lowered. If they had all their clergy suitable for the parlour there was no doubt that they would be suitable to the kitchen, (Laughter.) If any clergyman wanted tickling up they could find no one better able to do it than Mr. Corvan. (Laughter and Hear, hear.) He differed from the views of the mover and seconder of the motion. He admitted that the Churches were not attended by poor people as they ought to be, and he thought it arose from the clergy not having the opportunity or the time to visit the people in their homes. (Hear, hear.) Mr. A. F. Brown strongly opposed Mr. Scott's views. Canon Howell thought they needed to get the members oi the congregations in greater sympathy with each other. There must be spiritual unity between the different elementa. (Hear, hear.) A great difficulty which the Chnrcb had to deal with in these democratic times lav in the various social strata remaining on their own horizontal levels. The reason of the great success of the Salvation Army was due to its dealing with one homogeneous mass of people, but let them attempt to reach all classes of society at the same time and they would find their means a failure. (Hear, hear.) The Eev. P. T. Whitington believed that a diaconate would be the means of in creasing the learning of the clergy by giving them more time for study. He opposed the miserable syBtem of pew- letting, believing that if all the seats were free and open a larger number of poor people would attend Church. (Hear, hear.) He had heard that the Cathedral drew a better audience of poor persons than any other Church. (Cries of "No," "Yes," and "It has the poorest congregation in the citv.") He trusted that before long they would not only have a permanent diaconate, but also that deaconesses might |be engaged at work. (Hear, hear.) On the motion of Archdeacon Pake the debate was adjourned until this (Thursday) afternoon. After receiving notices of motion, I The Synod adjourned at 10 p.m. 