The war clonds arc gathering all around the horizon, and the flash of the first gun will probably be the signal for a confla gration that will embrace all Europe I within its area. Everything indicates that | we are hovering " between the first mo- " lion and the actincr of a dreadful " thing." " All the Great Powers are arm ing or mobilising their forces. Russia has nearly 400,000 men concentrated in the Crimea, while three new ironclads have within the last week been added to her fleet in the Black Sea. Austria has strengthened nor regular levies by bringing an extra 1,000,000 of her male population within touch of the recruiting sergeant-. Germany has increased her garrisons in Alsace and Lorraine and cancelled leave of absence to all her ofliecrs at pre sent on furlough. France, who borrowed the largo sum of £40,000,000 sterling at the commencement of the year, lias just asked for a vote of 75,000 additional men for tho year's service. The English budget provides for an emergency expen diture of £15,000,000 upon the navy. Italy is recruiting; and Turkey aud Greeco arc actually in battlo array against each other. At no time since the battle of Waterloo has the peace of the world been threatened by such tremendous por tents. The Franco-German war was a duel between two great nations within their own territories. So too was the war between Germany and Austria, and so too was the last war between Russia and Turkey. The Crimean war was restricted almost exclusively to the Crimea, and the war which Napoleon waged with Aus tria on behalf of Italy did not involve any other power. The present crisis is distinguished from the preceding ones by tho circumstance that no Power seems likely to escape being drawn into the vitUe, when once it is fairly started. Austria and Germany are as much interested as Great Britain is in keeping Russia out of Constantinople, and Germany cannot fight without tempting France to try licr fortune also. It is the one chauce she is likely to havo for the recovery of her lost pro vinces; for if Russia is crushed by an Austro-Gennan army the centre of power in Europe will be fixed at Berlin for another century. For Englishmen, both at home and abroad, the prospect, so terrible to humanity generally, would have no terror if it were certain that England could keep out of the vortex without im perilling her prestige or her interests. A European war in which sho would only- take the part of a spectator would ho a source of immense prosperity to her, at any rate, for a time ; for her industries would be employed in supplying the combatants with the material neces sary for carrying on tho operations against each other, and her surplus population would furnish recruits for replenishing their exhausted ranks. But it will tax her best statesmanship to secure these advantages for her. Her alliance is too valuable not to be eagerly sought at such a crisis ; and even if she contrives to leave Russia to bo dealt with by her neighbors no effort will be want ing on the part of Bismarck to use her as a check upon France. The irritation that has grown up over the Now Hebrides affair will be sedulously fanned by the German Chancellor, if he thinks that a possible causa billi might be made of it. On the other hand, the fighting con dition of Great Britain at present is not what her friend3 could desire or her enemies need fear very much. Her navy is declared by the Ivi ghost authorities to be dangerously deficient, and her army has as much as it can do to keep the peace iu Ireland, to prevent the dominions of the IChodive of Egypt from being overrun, to hold tho Boers iu check at the Cape aud to rivet her <?rasn unou the licwlv act-mired kingdom of Burmah in the East Indies. If she were rid of these serious responsi bilities, it might give the Czar of Russia pause before he provoked her to join in a campaign in Bulgaria to frustrate his de signs upon Turkey ; hut otherwise the op portunity is such a favorable one that it is not surprising if he takes advantage of it. What Englishmen at this part of the world have to consider most seriously is the chance of her being embroiled with France. France is ahnost as great a naval l'owcr as herself. Tho French fleets are strong enough to dispute the sovereignty of the Mediterranean aud even the English Channel with her ; and in sucli a case the navy of Russia would be perfectly free for service against her most distant dependencies. What- ships Germany possesses would not be allowed to leave the German Ocean, and of course neither Austria nor Turkey would send a single frigate into foreign waters. Great Britain always enters upon a war under a heavy handicap as compared with her opponents, because they have no outlying cities and outports to defend, while her colonics arc literally situated in every quarter of tho globe. India, the Cape, Australia and New Zealand form one wing of her vast Empire, and Canada and the West Indies form the other ; and neither of them are able to protect them selves without her assistance. The reflec tion is not a pleasant one for Australians in particular ; for we are afraid we are merely hugging a comfortable delusion in placing any reliance upou our naval and military defences to keep any of the naval Rowers of Europe, cither ' singly or in concert, from making a raid upon us in EulHcient force to carry everything before it. Our fortifications at the Heads are good as far as they go, but, unfortu nately. they do not go far enough. Xo military man really supposes that tlic-y would Fiarut a twenty minutes' bombard ment from a squadron that ouuld discharge a broadside of fifty or sixty heavy guns a minute. Even if we succeeded in blocking the channels, uud could keep our own ves- sels afloat and in action for a while, the moment would come when, yielding to superior numbers and metal, the coast on either side would be open to the troops of the invaders, who would make short work of the unseasoned levies that remained to oppose them.. Against such odds courage would be of no avail, neither is the situa tion one in which generalship has much scope to display itself. Admiral Tryon assured us the other day that the Russians are carefully watched wherever they are, and that a Russian fleet cannot stir out of port without being closely dogged by a British inau-of-war ; but the Admiral wns not calculating upon the possibility of Russia being assisted by France ; a possibility that puts a different complexion altogether upon the difficulty to he faced and surmounted. If we are not safe from Russia singly except we aro defended by the Imperial navy it need not tako long to calculate the risks we ruii from a visit of a Franco-Russian squadron in combination. As a matter of fact we know that the French Government has been increasing its naval strength in Pacific waters very considerably of late. New Caledonia offers a perfectly safe base of operations ; and, iu addition to the armed transports anchored in the harbor of Noumea at the present moment, we published a few days ago the unpleasant intelligence that three French frigates were at Tahiti awaiting the arrival of tlicir consorts, with tho alleged view of making a demonstration in force to frighten the inhabitants into placing themselves under the protectorate of the French republic. Such circumstances do not attract much attention iu time of peace, but when cer tain war thveatens wc should bo courting our own destruction by not provid ing for them in organising our means of resistance. Whatever those means may be, our immediate busi ness is to turn them to the best possible account while we can do so with delibera tion. Colonel Sargood said at a public, dinner at Duncdiu, the other day, that wo wero nearer to a war within the last two years than even the most apprehen sive colonists suspected ; but though the Afghan business was threatening enough, it was not more dangerous to the peace of the Empire than the existing European crisis, and the attitude of the Govern ment should therefore be one of readiness and preparation. The defence question shonld be among the first dealt with by Parliament next week. Any feasible proposal calculated to impart an impetus to prospecting operations and to solve the problem of how best to com bine individual enterprise with State as sistance for the development of our mineral resources deserves every attention. At tho present time our great national in dustry is in a condition the reverse of flourishing. In Rallarat-, Sandhurst, Beechworth and other centres all mining business may bo described as flat, stale and unprofitable, the general dulncss being relieved only by fitful spirts, which serve to weaken still further public con fidence. Tho yields, hoth from quartz and alluvial workings, and the number of miners employed, arc being sensibly diminished each succeeding year, and the large sums hitherto contributed by private individuals in promoting new ventures aro now devoted to other aud less hazardous speculations. More extended and systema tic prospecting can alone save our mining industry from eomplete collapse, such as that from the effects of which South Aus tralia is now suffering. Our Mining on Rrivate Property Act has proved a dead letter, idthongh much had been expected from its operation. Were it not for the alluvial workings near Creswick, Ballurnt would he undergoing a period of unexampled trial ; and not even the success attending Mr. Lausell's deep sinking operations lias preserved Sand hurst from general depression. The Stawell reefs, lying to the east of the township, and including the North Cross, the Oriental, the Magdala and Ncwingtou claims, havo been worked out-, and, though reports are frequently received of valuable discoveries and excellent erushings from minor gold- fields, mining in Victoria, as an industry, is decidedly declining. In order to check this downward tendency it is no cessary that a thorough, permanent and sound system of prospect ing shall be adopted. All attempts Hitherto in this direction have proved signal failures. The organisation of parties of five or six men uuder a foreman or captain, and directed by the Mines de partment, tried some years ago, resulted merely in discovering the " color" in various places. The grant of Government subsidies to companies to enable them to extend their works has 0 proved equally fruitless and disappointing. The introduction of the mining drill has also failed to satisfy public expectations. The drill has been of negative rather than of positive advantage ; that is, it has enabled miners to ascertain the fact that gold does not exist in certain places, but it has not accomplished much to assist in tho dis covery of the precise whereabouts of the precious metal. The pro posal to levy a local prospecting rate, the amount so raised to be pro portionately supplemented by the State, has much to recommend it, but it does not appear to be popular with those more immediately interested. Indeed, it is very questionable whether this plan would prove effective. It might open a door to jobbery. The cost of administer ing the fund would be considerable, and there would be no incentive given to indi vidual energy, honesty or self sacrifice. As to the grant of £100,000 modestly asked for hy the Decentralisation League, in order to encourage such speculative enterprises as the drainage of the Sebas- topol plateau, the effect of acquiescing in the application would be to initiate relief works upon a large scale. A project has been set ou foot in the neighboring colony of South Australia of a nature to interest miners in Victoria. It is proposed to form a general Prospect ing Association, under tho Companies Statute, consisting of 100,000 shares at 5s. each ; Gd. to be paid oa allotment, and calls not to exceed 3d., payable at intervals of one month. Tho way in which the undertaking is sought to be promoted raises a suspicion of seeking to work upou patriotic sentiment ; but there is no reason why it should not be based upon purely practical aud business prin ciples. By having an unusually large number of shares issued at a low figure there is the more likelihood of the scheme being successfully floated. There are to be no free or paid up shares ; no premiums or comniiFFioiiF. The only charges made will be for office and clerical expenses. The payment of Gd. per share gives the company £2500 to start with, and the call per month will yield £1250, asnm sufficient to give employment to 400 or 500 men. quite irrespective of any subsidiary aid from the Government. The maximum number of shares to be held by any one person is limited to 500, and the minimum is fixed at 5, so that should the worst consequences ensue the loss incurred can not be very serious. The scheme also pro- 1 vides that any valuable discoveries may j be worked by companies formed from ' amongst the shareholders, or may be sold | lo other adventurers. In either case the Association receives full value for the property, and it will he from the payments thus made, by way of purchase direct or hy payments of royalty, that the principal profits of the Associa tion will be derived. Mining ventures will not bo undertaken by the Association ; its sole aim will be prospecting, and all the capital subscribed will ho devoted to that objcct'exclusivcly. An association formed in Victoria upon ihe lines above indicated would possess many advantages over an ordinary com pany started for mining purposes. it would establish a claim upon the consideration of the Government. It would bo afforded special facilities for prospecting on private property. It would enlist public sympathy and confi dence. Prospecting parties having a pos- sible interest in any discoveries made, and being conscious that the Government stroke conld not be indulged in with im punity, would be stimulated to active ex ertions. Aided by the diamond drill, time and expense would be minimised in conducting operations, and the shares, while always marketable, would be free, to a great extent, from the manipulation of jobbing speculators. The project has met with considerable favor in the sister colony, inasmuch as it affords a hope of reviving an almost exhausted industry. It is, we think, no less applicable to Vic toria, and has tho marked advantage of securing the co-opcration of legitimate in vestors, and of shntting ont to some ex tent the bulls and bears of the Verandah, the Ballarat Corner and Sandhurst Bee hive, whoso transactions at times have materially assisted to bring about the de cline of the mining industry in Victoria. 