JESS. BY II. EIDER IIAGGAItl), Author of " Kino Solomon's Mines. Chai'teu XXIV. — Tub Shadow of Death. . Tho firing from tlio bauk had ceased, and John, who still kept his head (being a rather phlogmatic specimen of the Angio- Saxon race), realised that, for the moment at any rate, all danger from that sourccwns ended. Jess lay perfectly still in his arms, her head upon his breast ;"nud a horriblo idea stmck him that sho might bo shot, perhaps already dead 1 "Jess, Jess," ho shouted, through the tur moil of tho storm, "are you all right?" Sho lifted her head nuincli or two — " I think so," sho said. " What is going on ?" " God only knows, I don't. Sit still, it will bo nil sqnaro ." But in his hoart he knew that it was not "all square," and that they wero in iniminont danger of death from drowning. They were whirling down a raging river in a cart. In a few moments it was probablo that the cart would upset, and then — Presently tho wheel humped against some thing, and tho cart gave a great lurch and then scraped along a little. "Now for it," thought John, for the water was pouring over tho (louring. Thou came a check, and the cart leant still further over. Crack ! Tho pole had gone, nud tho cart swung round bows, or rather box, on to the stream. What had happened was this ; they had stuck across a rock that projected up from tho bed of tho river, tho forco of tho, current having washed tho dead horses to tho one side and tho cart to tlio other. Consequently they wero anchored to tho rock, us it were, the anchor being tho dead horses, and tlio caklelho stout traces of ttnfanned loatlier. So long as 1 men find tllfl TPsi. nf tllO ItarlllVH liplll thfiV were, comparatively speaking, safe ; but of courso thoy did not know this. Indeed, they know nothing. Abovo tlioni rolled tlio Etorm, and round thorn tho waters seethed, and the rain hissed. Thoy knew nothing oxcopt that tlioy wero helpless living atoms tossing between tho wild wators and tho wildor night with immi nent death staring them in tho faee, uround, abovo, bolow. To and fro thoy swung, locked fast in each other's arms, aud as they did so came that awful flash that, though thoy know it not, sont two of tlio murderers to their ac count, and fcr an instant oven through tlio shoot of rain, illumined the space of boiling water and the long lines of the banks on either side. It showed the point of rook to which they were fixed, it glared upon the head of one of the poor Iborses tossed up by the driving current as though it were trying to rise from its watery death, and revealed the form of the dead Zulu, Mouti, lying on his face, one arm hanging over the edge of the cart and dabbling in the water that ran level with it in ghastly similarity to some idle passenger in a pleasure boat, who lets his fingers slip softly through the stream. In a second it was gone, and they were once , more in darkness. But then by degrees the storm passed off and the moon began to shine, feebly indeed, for the sky was not clear washed of clouds, which still trailed along in the tracks of the tempest, sucked after it by its mighty draught. Still it was lighter, and the rain gradually thinnedtill atlast it stopped. The storm had passed in majesty down the ways of the night, and there was no sound round'them but the sound of rushing water. ' "John," said Jess presently, "can we do anything ?" " Nothing, dear." " Shall we escape, John ?" He hesitated. "It is in God's hands, dear. We are in great danger. If the cart upsets we shall he drowned. Can you swim ?" "No, John." "If we can bang on here till daylight we may get ashore, if those devils are not there to shoot us. I do not think that our chance is n good one." " John, are you afraid to die ?" He hesitated. " I don't know, dear. Ihope to meet it like a man." " Tell me what you truly think. Is there any hope for us at all?" Once more he paused, reflecting whether or not he should speak the troth. Finally he de cided to do so. " I can see none, Jess. If we arc not drowned we are sure to be 6hot. They will wait about tho hank till morning, and for their own sakes they will not dare to let us live." He did not know that all that was left of two of them would indeed wait for many a long year, and that the third had fled aghast. " Jess, dear," he went on, "it is no good to tell lies. Our lives may end any minntc. Hu manly speaking, they must end beforo tho snn is up." The words were awful enough — if the reader can by an effort of the imagination throw him self for a moment into the position of these two, he will perhaps understand how awful. It is a dreadful thing when, in the full flow of health" and youth, to be suddenly placed face to face with the certainty of violent death, and to know- that in a few more minutes your course will have been run, and that you will hare commenced to explore the future which may prove to be even worse because more enduring than the life vou are now quitting in agony. It is a dreadful thing, as any who have ever stood in such a perfi can testify, and John felt his heart sink within him at the thought — for death is very strong. Bnt there is one thing stronger, a woman's perfect love. Against this Death himself cannot prevail. And so it came to pass that now as he fixed his cold gaze upon Jess's eyes they answered him with a strange un earthly light. She feared not death, so that she might meet him with her beloved. Death was her hope and.opportunity. Here sho had none ; there she might have all — or sleep. The fetters had fallen from her, struck off by over mastering hand. Her duty was satisfied, her trust fulfilled, and sho was free— free to die with her beloved. Ay I her love was indeed a love deeper than the grave ; and now it rose in all its strength, standing tiptoe upon the earth ready, when dissolution had lent it wings, to soar to love's own star. " You are sure, John ?" she asked again. "Yes, dear, yes, Why do you force me to repent it ? I can see no hope. " Her amis were around his neck, her soft cnrls rested on his cheek, and the breath from her lips played upon his face. Indeed it was only by speaking into each other's cars that conver sation was feasible, owing to the rushing sound of the waters. " Because I havo something to tell you which I canuot tell unless we are going to die. You know it, but I want to say it with my own lips before I die. I love you, John, I love you, I love yon ; and 1 am glad to die becauso I can die with you and go away with you." He heard, and such was the power of her love, Hint his, which had been put out of mind in tho terror of that hour, re-awoke and took the color of her own. He, too, forgot the immi nence of death in the warm presence of his down-trodden passion. She was in his arms as ho had taken her during the firing, and he bent his head to look at her. Tho moonlight played upon her pallid, quivering face, and showed that in her eyes from which no man could look upon and turn away. Once more — yes, even then — there came over him that feeling of ntter sur render to the sweet mnstcry of her will that had possessed him in tho sitting room of the Pala tial. But now, all earthly considerations hav ing faded away, ho no longer liosilated, but pressed his lips against hers and kissed her again and again. It was perhaps as wild and pathetic a love scene as ever the old moon above has looked upon. There they were, those two, experiencing tho fullest and acutest joy that life has to offer in the actuul shadow of death. Nay, death was present with them, for there, beneath their feet, half hidden by the water, was the stiffening corpse of the Zulu. To and fro swung the cart in the rusli of tho swollen river, up and dowu beside them the carcases of tho horses rose and fell with the swell of the water, ou whoso surface the broken moonbeams played and quivered Overhead was the bluo, star-sown depth through which they woro wnifiug presently to pass, and to tho right and left tho long broken outlines of the hanks stretched away till at last thoy appeared to grow together in the gloom. But thoy heeded none of these things ; they remembered nothing except that they had found each other's hearts, and wcro happy with a wild joy it is not often given to us to feel. The past was forgotten, tho future was at hand, and between the ouo and the other was spanned a bridge of passion made perfect aud sanctified »y tho approaching end. Bessie was forgotten, >11 things wcro forgotten in that consuming Ere. Let thoso who would blamo them pauso nwhilo. "Why not ? Thoy had kept tho with. They had denied themselves and run slraightly down the path of duty. But the compacts of life end with life. No man may bargain for (he beyond. Even tho marriage service shrinks from it. And now that hope bad gone and life was at its cxtremest ebb, why should they not take their happiness before they j passed to the land where, perchance, all things will he forgotten. So it seemed to them ; if indeed they were any longer capable of reason. He looked into her eyes and she laid her head upon his heart in that mute abandon ment of worship, which is sometimes to be met with in the world, and is redeemed from vulgar passion by an indefinable quality of its own. He looked into her eyes and was glad to have lived, ay, even to have reached this hour of death. Arid she, lost in the depths of her own nature, sobbed out her passion laden heart upon his breast, and called him her own, her own, her very own 1 And so the long hours passed, till at last a new horn freshness in tho air told them that they were not far from dawn. The death they had waited for had not yet come. It mast now he very near at hand. " John, 'she whispered in his car, "do you think they will shoot us?" "Yes," he said hoarsely; "they must for their own safety." " I wish it wcro over," she 6aid. Suddenly she started back from his arms with a little cry, causing the cart to rock violently. " 1 forgot," she said, " you cau swim though I cannot. Why cannot you swim to the bank and get off under cover of the darkness ? It is not more than 50 yards, aud the current is not so very swift ?" The idea of escaping without Jess had never occurred to him, aud now that she suggested it, it struck hiin as so absurd that he actually broke into a ghost of a laugh. " Don't talk nonsense, Jess," ho said. " Yes, ves I will. Gol You must go! It docs not matter about me now. I know you love me, and I can die happy. I will wait for you. Oh John ! wherever I am, if I have any life and any remembrance I will wait for you. Never forget that all your life. However far I may seem away, if I live at all, I shall be wait ing for you. Aud now go ; you shall go, I say 1 No, 1 will not bo disobeyed. If you will not go I will throw myself into the water. Oh, the cart is turning over !" "Hold on for God's sake," shouted John. " The traces have broken." He wns right ; the tough leather was at length worn through by the constant rubbing against the rock, and the strain and swaying of the cart ou the one side, and the dead horses on the other. Round it spun, broadside on to the current, and immediately began to heave over till at last the angle was so sharp that the dead body of poor Mouti slid out with a splash and vanisbed into the darkness. This relieved the cart and it righted for a moment, but being now no longer held up by the bodies of the horses or by the sustaining power of tho wind it began to fill and sink, and at the same time to revolve round and round. John realised that it was all up, and that to stop in ihe cart would only mean certain death, because they would be held under water by the canvas tent. So with a devout aspiration for assistance he seized Jess round the waist with one arm and sprang off into the water. And as he did so the cart filled and sank. "Lie still for Heaven's sake!" he shouted, as they rose to tho surface. In the dim light of the dawn which was now creeping over the earth he could make out the line of the left hank of the Vaal, tho same from which ihey had started into the river on the previous night. It appeared to he about <10 yards away, but the current was running quite 6 knots and ho realised that, hardened as he was, it would be quite impracticable for him to try and reach it. The only thing to do was to keep afloat. Luckily the water was warm and he was a strong swimmer. In a minuto or so he made out that about 50 paces ahead some rocks jutted out 20 yards into the bed of the stream. Then catching Jess by the hair with his left band he made his effort, and a desperate one it was. The broken water boiled furiously round tho rocks. Presently he was iu it, aud better still, his feet touched ihe ground. Next second he wns swept off them and rolled over and over at the bottom of the river, getting sadly knocked about against the boulders. Somehow he struggled to his logs, still retaining his hold of Jess. Twice he fell, and twice ho struggled up again. One more effort — so. Tho water was only up to his thighs now, and he was obliged to half carry his companion. As he lifted ber he felt a deadly sickness come over him, but still he struggled on like a man, till at last they both fell of a heap upon a big flat rock, and for a wliilo lie remembered no more. When lie came to himself again it was to find Jess, who had recovered 600ncr than ho had, standing over him and chafing his hands. Indeed, as the sun was up ho guessed timt lie must have lost his 6cnses for some time. He rose with somo difficulty and shook himself. Except for some bruises he was sound enough. "Are you hurt?" he asked of Jess, who, pale and faint and bruised, her lmt gono, her dress torn by bullets and the rocks, and drip ping water at every step, looked an exceedingly forlorn object. " No," she said feebly "not very much." Ho sat down on the rock iu ihe sun, for they were both shivering with the cold. " What is to bo done ?" he asked. " Die," sho said fiercely ; " I meant to die — why did you not let me die ? Ours is a position that only death can set straight." " Don't be ulanned," ho said, "your desire will soon be gratified ; those murdering villains will hunt ns up presently." The boil and banks of the river were clothed with thin layers of mist, hut as tho sun gathered power these lifted, Tho spot whero they hod got ashore wns about 300 yards below that where the two Boers and their horses had been destroyed by the lightning on tho previous night. Seeing tho mist lift, John insisted upon Jess crouching with him behind a rock so that they could look up and down the river without being seen themselves. Presently he made out the forms of two horses grazing about 200 yards away. "Ah," he said, "I thought 60 ; tho devils havo off saddled there. Tbauk heaven I have still got my revolver, and tho cartridges arc watertight. I mean to sell our lives as dearly as 1 can." " Why, John," cried Jess, following tho lino of his outstretched hand, "these are not tho Boera' horses, they ore our two horses that broke loose in the water- Look, their collars are still on." "By Jove I so they are. Now if only wo can catch tliein withoat being caught ourselves we have a chance of getting out of this." " Well, there is no cover about, and I can't see any 6ign of Boers. Tbcy must have been sure of having killed ns and gone away." John looked around, and for the first time a sense of hope began to creep into his heart. Perhaps they wonld survive after all. Let's go up and see. It is no good stopping here ; wc ,must get some food somewhere, I feel ns weak as a cat." She rose without a word, and taking his hand they advanced together along the hank. They had not gone 20 yards before John gave an exclamation of joy, and rushed at something white that had stuck in some reeds. It was the basket of food which had been given to them by the innkeeper's wife at Heidelberg, It had been washed out of the cart, and as the lid was fastened nothing had been lost out of it. He undid it. There was the bottle of Three Star brandy untouched, also most of the eggs, meat and bread, which last was, of course, sodden and worthless. It did not take long to get the cork out, and then John filled a broken wine-glass there was in the basket half full of water and half of brandy, and made Jess drink it, with the re sult that she began to look less like a corpse. Next, he repeated the process twice ou his own account, aud instantly felt as though new life was flowing into him, Then they went cautiously on. The horses allowed them to catch them with out trouble, and did not appear to be auy the worse for their adventure, though tho flank of ono wai grazed by a bullet. " There is a tree down there where the hank shelves over, wo had better lie ttie horses up, dress and get somo breakfast," said John, almost cheerfully ; and accordingly they pro ceeded thither. Suddenly John, who was ahead, started hack with an exclamation of fear, and the horses began to snort, for there, stark and stiff in death, and already swollen and discolored by de composition — as is sometimes the case with people killed by lightning — tho rifles in their hands twisted and fused, their clothes cut and blown from the bodies by the explosion of the cartridges in their bandoliers — lay the two Boers themselves. It was a terrifying sight, aud, taken in conjunction witli their own remarkable escape, one to make the most care less and sceptical reflect. " And yet there arc people who say there is no such thing as a God and no punishment for wickedness," said John aloud. 