TRAINING NOTES. FLEMINGTOX, Thcesdat. In anticipation of Boxing Day and New Year's Day race meetings, trainers are commencing to move tlicir horses along, after being eased a little since the spring campaign. This morning some useful work was performed by several of the teams. Mr. W. Dakin treated his two-year-old oolts to some striding exercise over four or five furlongs. The Pencil, on the sand, was doing strong work. Islander ran at a good pace once round the same track, and Desperado was also at exercise. J. Morrison restr icted All Gold, Hogmanay, and Don Giovan to moderate exercise. The two-year-old colt Ormonde moved along nicely. Tully gave his horses some preparatory work ; so did H. Yeend. Fish o' Silver, Meaotti, First Consul, and Cinderella worked on the sand. Commotion bowled along a couple of fames round the tan, and Bedouin accompanied Citadel in some medium work on the sand. St John, Sardius, Allander, Straight Shot, Honeycomb, Jebueite, and others of Coffey's all exercised mildly. Matamna, a lengthy- looking DarriweU colt, in oompany with a chestnut two year old by Englishman, were on the tan canteripg, and The Agent also did easy exercise. Cariosity was striding along for strong work. Mr. Glasscock has lately received an addition to his string in a great, fine, steeplechase-looking horse by Kingdom from P.O.'■ dam. A lot of his horses were moving along at half-pace. Mirth cantered, and appeared a bit sore, ana Reticent was treated.to some useful work. Bosmond and Perchance were exercising. Essie, a Progress filly, "a Direr colt, Idalia, and other horses of Walter Ilickenbotham's .were on the tracks working mildly. Contingent, Chicago, and Saltan were all doing useful exercise, and Vasco did medium work. Prestwich wasexereising Hem us, Cyclops, Dividend, Liedertafel, Marie Louise, and others of Mr. Cook's. Dunlop exercised moderately on the tan. Ringmaster, looking a bit weary, was followed by Erie, Lady Bell, Tabard, and other of J. Wilson's horses, but only did slow exercise. Mark Whitty had his lot all doing nice work. Bon Bon and Relieur were treated to moderate exercise. R.Phillips had a useful-looking colt on the traok, full brother to Kit Nubbles. P, Pigott gave Pair play some nipe exercise. Lord Wilton strode along for some sound work once round the ground, followed by Lara and The Levite. Success and the Wild Eagle—Maid of Troy colt were companions in some prepatatoty exer cise, Harridan working slowly on the tan. Hortense, who is looking very well, did medium work alone. There were seven) other horses on the ground exer cising during the morning, including Chifney's, Cripps's, HorsfaU's. Johnson's. Lang's, M'Jfaumra'e, a Mahon's, R. Sevior'e, and others. CAULF1ELD, Tuesday. * Trainers who have been easing several of their hones that took part mt the spring meetings were most of Hum at work on Tuesday morning. The egenim me principally done pa the mod and tan 1 traMh ware In excellent order. The ranger Ifttedritefjipftion of the ruBning-groundlor *§£ WtounaMafiHS^ajiefiteBle, with Etoaamiae, strode along oooe round tor fWagCTUgfr Wghlaod Qb^f, Wondin.ttd mug useful gaUopoTerai John led Bcckwith a smart spin over (ke or six furlong* JleerrI'imim and Dexter worked iiinderote'v on tha I Sand, whilst Cadland strode along for good work. Newrmaster, who was looking well, oho exercised ; Pocahontas, who continues to improve, was on tho sand working. Mr. Connolly had a Ions string: on the ground, as also had Kellv's head man Milcy. Ben Bolt was not on the track, though he was out taking walking exorcise, and Western was moving along tor capital work; Agnes and Lord Allcu strodcslong for use ful work on tho tan. The steeplechasers Goodwood and Lizctte were doing good exercise on the same going. Bougalston and Mia Mia were bowling along for some striding work, and New York was on the tan canter ing. 3 hit useful-looking gelding Epicurean and The Wave worked in company, and t-uey moved along nicely. I'nion Jack was striding along on the eand twice round. Kenneth cantered, and the two-year old Dargin was looking well. Messrs. Moron's horses were all at work. Little John was looking a bit stale, King of tho West bowling along for pood work, and Phenomenon, looking like a castle, ex ercised. The Ghost ran a smart gallop on the sand over five or six furlongs; and Grace Barling, with Empress, after indulging in a canter, strode along qo tho turf over a mile; others of tho team, including the otd gelding Bar One, were doing uicdium-pace exercise. Cricket and Patience strode along on the tan for a couple of circles, and Oamcrine with Oaystar were working on the turf. Crown Brand was treated to some hatf-pooe exercise on the tan. F. Lcng was cantering a two year old named Protos Grand, by Potomac—Sepia," who appears a very lazy customer. Albanus was exercising in company with First Pop on the sand, where several of 1-oul sbam's horses worked during the morning, also several of Bonce's. 