Primitive Metbtdist Missionary Netting. Os Thursday erasing a public missibaary meeting was held in toe Primitive Methodist Church, Macquarie^treet, under toe presidency of Mr. John Booth, who was supported by the Bev. P. S Young, Ber. W. Waltere, the deputation, and Mrs. Waters. There wur only a moderate attendance. _ The meeting having been opened by toe smgine of a missionary hymn,- and prayer by Mrs. Waters, the chairman said it afforded him great pleasure to meet them all on the anniversary of their missionary service. It was not toe first time he had had toe pleasure of bang present with them on similar occasions,- and he did not make this remark because they bad asked him to take tbe chair, but he always felt that he got good from the meetings of various kinds which he had attended in their church. In fact he never remembered bearing a sermon in his life that he did not get good from. His reasons forliking to be present that evening were chiefly because toe missionary work was of God, and further because he believed that it was a work in which, every Christian man toould take part, whatever his creed. It had been, started, so to speak, by toe Saviour of mankind, and there was nothing to equal it. He sometimes wondered whether there could be anything to equal this great work which took the goepel of Jesus Chnit to fallen and ruined man. Every minister engaged, therein had been called by God into the work, even as had those of toe early Christian church. The Apostle Paul was the greatest missionary the world bad ever known. Previous to his mission the world was in darkness and Paul himself, though a great sinner, bad been called by God to the work by reason of a miraculous conversion. He afterwards gave his* " whole life to Christ and surrendered everything on His altar," to quote] the words of Mr. George Muller, and when such a surrender took place, time, talents, money, and everything, else went with it. This missionary work he knew was surrounded with difficulties, bnt lettoem not be afraid on that account, for God appreciated it more highly for that very reason. It was always easy to go with toe stream or to undertake work in which there were no hardships or difficulties. Then in this work they wanted other things besides money and people. General Booth had said that if toe Salvation Army had not got money they had that whicn waa much better—the Holy Ghost— and so in mission work, to have tbe power of tbe Holy Ghost was everything. It was a surprise to him at times how- many there were who questioned the advisability of sending missionaries. A young man once asked a clergyman whether it was not waste of money to preach the Gospel to the Hindoos, and received the reply, "Look at our march- ing orders—' Go ye into all the world' and preach the Gospel to every creature.'" In conclusion Mr. Booth spoke of the downbeartedness shown by some ministers of religion, and said such should not be the case, for with Christ ut thtir backs they ought to be as bold as the Apostles. Before the mission work could reach that et-mdard of success they desired, there would have to be moro unity among the churches of Christ. Outsiders— such as freethinkers—knew that they were prejudiced against each other on account of tbeir various secte, and of necessity, therefore, this sort of thing hindered tbe work. With more unity would come more power, and he prayed that there might be more unity, more brotnerly love and more of the true missionary spirit, ;and that this great work would go on and increase mightily. Mrs. Waters next addressed the meeting and expressed herself as in deep sympathy with the missionary cause. The chairman, she said, bad somewhat forestalled her in his address, as it had been her. intention to briefly speak on the efforts of the first great missionary,. the Apostle PauL. After dwelling on toe remarkable state of the early Chinch and the labours of Paul and Barnabu, lira. Waters narrated a few incidents connected with her own childhood sb relating- to toe subject of missions. She. remembered when quite • young in years walkinc several mflesto a missionaryjneeting, and while there a strong desire came upon her. to go out as a -missionary. On her 'way home after the service she resolved on giving herself to the work and consecrated herself then and there to God. In due time toe way was opened up for ber, and though, in conjunction with her husband, she had not become a missionary to the heathen proper,- yet they had both been greatly blessed of God and used to labour for Him in three different provinces of Hew Zealand, and had had a deal to do with toe -Maoris, many of whom they had seen brought to the Hasher. "Hie speaker then spoke to the younger portion of her- hearers as to the advisability of beginning to work for toe missionary cause when young, and said that looking back over 52 years- of service in the Master's work, she could assure them of the peace and satisfaction it brought her to think that toe vigour and energy of ha life had been consecrated to such- an object. Everybody ought to be missionaries, and if toey could not all go abroad to foreign lands they might strive to do that which was nearest to them, 1 UT •• toey ' could bdp by prayer and contributions in pushing on ths work of the missions. Bnt in regard to toe work nearer then; they should fallow the old adage and begin at home bnt not end there. There was need for increased real in tbeir very midst, if they looked at toe masses who were lying in an around than. Look at the Sabbath desecraand toen^hMLhemaelves^whether there a*aa not plenty to be done. In concluding an earnest address she asked that the funds might lack no replenishing and hoped that their labours would be abundantly blessed. The Bev. O. Waters then spoke at some length on the results of mission work and illustrated his remarks witos»meforcible anecdotes, chiefly gathered from his own experience since he had been labouring in the colonies about 26 years, and throughout he was listened to with marked attention. A collection having been made on behalf of toe mission fund, toe Bev. P. S. Young moved votes of thanks to toe Bev. Mr. Waters and Mrs. Waters, and toe nhairumn, toe latter of whom he said had been a true friend to their society, inasmuch as lie had lately given them £5 towards clearing off a debt and some time since lent them £20 for nine months without interest for a ""iiir purpose. The meeting closed with the doxology and toe pronouncing of the benediction. 