' f'W « 1 t» - A BROTHER'S SAG&IFIGE.; A STORY OF /LSACE (F&OM; Iras FRENCH OF EDOUARD SIEBECKER ) A kilometre from Bsrr, almost at the foot of Saint Odile, there was, before the war, a fine farm sitnated in the; valley, surrounded by fertile estates, and bavins on the hillside a vineyard vhioh produced some of the best wine in Alsaoe. When it was possible for me to accept the hunting invitations of eome of my Strae- i bourgfellow- stndente I never failed to paes a few days with POre Lorentz, the owner. P&reLoren; tz had served uncles my father, whose memory he deeply reverenced, and be stowed on me some of the affcotion he had entertained for his old commander. . tP&edast; |ime Ibad seen him was in 1868 ; t he teas already ailing. " What was hie ail. ment ! The astral trouble with vine dressers, Who soon break down, combined with the bladder difficulty that .affects those : whodrinkwhite wine, and,; worst disease of . all, imagination I His wife, MO re Lorentz, that great hop- pole of a woman with the sharp nose, thin Hps, and red wig, was worrying him to death . . with her constant complaints. Yes, what would become of me if you 4 should tBke to your bed and Loots should be drawn in the oonscription ? For, with all the fine things they have taoght Michael, he ; wiU never love farm work, and, besides, he is : too young.' j Weil, everything turned ont as MA-e Lorentz had foreboded. Her husband was taken siok, and Louis drew an unlucky number. How Louis, the elder of the two ebfidren was his mother's darling and resembled her j both morally and physically. He was a typical peasant, at once stupid and cunning, whom the schoolmaster found great difficulty in teaching to read and write, and to com prehend the four rules that lie at the basis of arithmetic. He loved the land, but with the affection of a dog or oat ; and had the food nees for routine and the prejudices of all nooultored minds. Michael, on the other hand, a handsome boy of eighteen, with a bright eye and an open couutenanoe, curly brown bair, well- farmed for his height, w«s tbe image cf hie ; father At twelve years of age he knew all i that his instructor could teach him. Old Lorentz bad then entered him at a boarding- school at Strasbourg that he might mike still I farther progress. He proposed eebdiag him later to an agricultural college in Switzerland j At tbe end of two years and a half, however, ; -the. moral atmosphere of the Lorentz 1 domicile became so torrid, on account of tbe money that was being spent for the younger born, that he decided <io bring him home. There were still two other members of the family — orphans, the daughters of a sister of Madame Lorentz, who had died of grief over the loss of her husband the superintendent of the ironworks at Dietrioh and Niederbroun. The good man Bitt bad left behind him twenty ihousandTranes as the result of his economy, and bis daughters were, therefore, heiresses in a small way, and Pdre Lorentz was their guardian. The annt bad decided in favour of Mine, the eldest—a pretty, though frail-looking blonde of eighteen, as tbe Jknteee of Louis ; as to Odile, she was fifteen when I saw her for the first time. I had juBt arrived. Pkre Lorentz was in bis Jarge arm-chair, and Mina was reading to him oniof the Courier of the Lower Rhine. According to his custom, the worthy man clasped me in his arms and told his ward to call everybody. Mire Lorentz, Louis, and Miohael came in, and there was much embracing and handshaking. Get a tankard of the new wine 1 Yen shall be the first one to taste it.' said my old friend. At that moment a charming vision appeared framed. in the doorway. In the midBt of the sunlight that flooded the main room, imagine ayocng girl, scarcely more than a ohild, with a black skirt held up by braces, contrasting with a white bodice that outlined the bust of a Psyche ; great black eyes, a nose with fine, transparent nostrils, the white and red complexion of an eglantine, and a head surrounded by a nimbus of fine tawny hair. She held in her hand a stone jug, from whioh overflowed a froth as yellow as liquid . gold— the first drawing. It was Odile Ritt. » i What a dinner ; the little dishes in the large ones 1 and what a depressing conversa tion 1 The father 6iok. Louis forced to leave.. Poor Mina obliged to wait seven years. With the money that bad been epent at Strasbourg lor Miohael . Michael listened and frowned. Suddenly he raised bis head, looked a moment at hiB father, who said nothing, and decided ; ' Mother, you are too hard on me, and you take advantage of the presence of our friend Edouard here, to humiliate me stilt more. I might answer yon by saying that if we were not rich enough to purchase my brother's freedom, it eonid be done with Mina's dowry. But I know you love money; and I understand whatyon want. Well I be happy. I will | return the feW bundled franoB that I cost yoa at Strasbourg by taking my brother's nlaee.' ' What ? Y tm can't mean it ?' 'Ineyer told a falsehood, mother, as you ban testify. As noon as the wine is in, I will go to Bars and offer myself as Louis's substi tute.' No one spoke. Iflooked at Odile. She was its pale as death, and watched her sister, who bent over her (late. With a grave face, Michael rose and left the room. Two days afterwards the young man was drafted into a regiment of Zouaves and ;; ord.e ed to report at once for duty. . - M At the beginning of the following year the farmer died. Liuis and Mina bad been married towards tbe end of November. I . was. at a distance and could not attend the wedding. Xtate years zlterwzids i west to m ftWtivn in Atatel#-4 sis is the fpriog cf 1886\. ,,.jt "doid,ioi . visil of the . country withopt calling >tjhe Lorehtzes. Dehih had again knocked at the door. ; Poor Mina had died a year before, just after tho birth el ber eon. Louis wsa gloomy, and M£re Lorentz whined more than ever. As to Odile, she was tbe moBt charming creature one could wish to see. A soupcon of j melanoholy quite idealised her. 1 And how about Midhael ?' I asked the j mother. Oh I you needn't ask about him- He has \- turned out badly. He is now iu Mexico. He \ hasn't written to us fbr a long time, and no i doubt has his reasons. At first everything ' went well, and he soon became quarter- master, then we lost track of him. A sergeant belonging to hiB regiment, who had served out his time, onoe piBeed here and spoke to Louis ; but be is each a good brother tbat be would not let us tee him for fear we might have to blush before a stranger. It seems that he was degraded from his rank, and has taken to drinking. It's a great misfortune !' Are you eure of It?' Unfortunately, yes. since he does not dare write to us. It's very cruel for a | mother ; and I may never see him again. | It seeme that in Mexico they have terrible j fevers.' ! Odile, silent, glanced from time to time at her aunt. I Yes, we are very unfortunate. _ Here is ! this poor infant,' 8he went on, pointing to the 1 ohild in tbe nurse's arms, / left without a ; mother, and Loois, at hie age, with no wife, ' and a child to care for. What would he do if | I should be taken away? Marry again with a stranger, who would be jealous of the ' first wife end hate the innocent child.' Odile rose and left the room. There she goes,' continued the widow, looking after her ; the eelfish girl, who does not Eee that it is her duty to take her sister's ' place !' When I left I met Odile, who was waiting for me on the tea 4. ' May I ask you something ? Do you believe tbat Miohael has fallen so low ?' She trembled as she spoke. No, my dear child,' I replied. Thanks and she hastened away. « s As soon as I reached home, I wrote to a friend of mine, a captain in Michaels regi ment. My letter found its way to me six months afterwards, enclosed in an official j envelope, and with this endorsement: 4 Returned to the writer ; the pers< n to whom sent is dead.' My friend had been killed ! | a t a On the 2nd cf August, 1870, troops were passing tbe little towa of Barr. Clarions, trumpets, and drums had been heard at tbe | farm since eight in the morning. At noon, while the family were at table, the door opened, and a sergeant-major of Zouaves, wearing a medal, entered. Odile started up, as if ehe had received an electric shock, sprang forward, caught him iu her arms, cried out in a hoarse voice, 4 Michael !' and fainted. Mere Lorentz and Louis, as pale as ghosts, and shaking like culprits, gazed at this warrior with bright eyes, bronzed complexion, and deep chest, who produced on them ranch the same effect as a epeotre might have dose. He placed the young girl on a chair, and, seizing the carafe, wet a napkin and wiped ha forehead. She soon regained conscious ness, grasped his hand, and, turning to the others, exclaimed : 1 knew it.' ' Koew what, my dear Odile?' f Nothing,' she replied, Emilicg on him. An hour later, the npn-oommissioned offioer again took his leave, alter saying fare well. 4 If you are killed,' murmured Oiile, as she clasped him in her arms, ' I shall join the deaooneases at Strasburg.' « What more shall I add ? Nothing, except to say that I received the following letter a few days ago : Mekaira (Kayblie) Farm, 1st March. 1886. 4 My very dear Friend, — I have to announoe to yen that my dear wife Odile is doing wonderfully, and ep is your god-child. We are aB happy and contented as the days are long. How did you find the wine ? A little new yet, no doubt. Next year our vines will compare favourably with any in France. We will embraoe you. Michael Lorentz. Miohael Lorentz is mayor cf his village and Ghevalier of the Legion cf Honour. 