THE RABBIT PEST. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—In answer to " M. Kenny," I beg to assure him that it was after the arrival of rabbit parties that the big lots were killed— in foot on the day before the arrival of the Commissioner of Crown .Lands in Colton. In I less than five honra Mr. F. Barns and self j killed ninety rabbits. Mr. Kenny continues —" I think the scalp system of which Mr. Lewis speaks has proved itself a failure." Bow it has done so, having never been tried, i I fail to see. There are several other points j in Mr. Kenny's letter I should like to answer, but fear to encroach on your valuable space, and will conclude with stating that we nave | not a chain of rabbit-proof fence, though I fully agree with Mr. Kenny that it is very necessary, which speaks volumes against the Government rabbit parties. I am, Sir, sc., JR. M. LEWIS. Boola Boola. TO THE EDITOB. Sir—I have left this question for a con siderable time in hopes some dawning public spirit might enable the authorities to see the matter in its true light. I am not going, however, to advocate a return to the system of payment by results, or, as it is called, the scalping system. If any direct human means could nave extirpated the bunny, that would have done so. To this end every fair en couragement should have been given. The permanence of the system—for a few years at least—should have been assured, so that the otherwise unemployed might be induaed to engage in the work, and those already engaged might not be constantly scared by prospective changes. Moreover, the Government should have been pre pared to gradually increase the price per scalp according as the rabbits Became fewer, even though half a crown or balf a sovereign apiece should ultimately be paid. In this way it is possible the last rabbit might have been secured. This was a feasible plan and not altogether unreason able, though even it would probably have cost the country too much. At the same time it should never have been laid aside for an infinitely worse plan. If the rabbits are ever destroyed it wili be by the introduction, accidentally perhaps, of some disease or plague among them. This is what the Go vernment should have set about at the very first. It would have been a trifling matter to send a Commissioner, or half a dozen, if necessary, to Europe, to look the matter up and import some disease. The fancifnl objec tions of those who say it would be cruel to introduce an infectious plague among the innocent rabbits could easily be lulled to rest. They could be told that we were merely utilizing the means God has put at our disposal, that it wes folly and sin in us to neglect this means, and that we were juBtly punished for our neglect by the spread of the rabbit. They could also be referred to David's choosing to fall into the hands of God rather than into those of man. They would then be delighted to think that even diseases were intended and calculated to serve some useful purpose. When, many months ago, Professor Watson published an essay or lecture, I forget which, on a rabbit disease that he had good reason to believe had extirpated these poor little grass-robbers elsewhere I must sav in my simplicity 1 thought the Government would at ouce act upon it, and I expected that even my insig nificant self would promptly be furnished with the means of infectmg the rabbits of my own immediate neighbourhood. Failing this, 1 expected that Professor Watson would be at once convicted of baseleBsly raising false hopes (I hope he will forgive me). But no such thing. The Government, who are prepared to go on spending thousand upon thousand, and, indeed, ten thousand npon ten thousand in war against the foe do not go the length of even £5 to find out how the said foe may be destroyed without further cost. Perhaps | it is economy. They think they will be deserving^ well of_ the country _ by waiting tor frofesBor Watson to introduce the required plague without any expense to the community. It was hoped the Professor would see to the matter during his holiday leisure, while all the time an immense ex penditure was going on to harely keep the enemy at bay. We now know the result of Professor Watson's well meant but unpaid efforts. Accident prevented him attaining his object; small blame to him. I submit to yon. Sir, that the Government are not really trying to destroy the rabbit, but are trying to gull the people at any cost, and remain in office as long as they can. After that their successors can take up the ball. Previous Governments perhaps were no better. The payment of 2d. per scalp was kept up as long as it did no good, and no out cry was raised against it because compara tively little was epent. But as soon as the thing began to work, and bunny began really to go to the wall, because large money was necessarily paid out the Government, to gain credit for economy, stopped the game in the moment of succeBs. The rabbits had been enormously reduced, and a relief must soon have been felt by the Treasury on this account had not the thing been stopped, and another system, demonstrably vastly inferior, been substituted to humour the public for a time. I do not now by any meanB advocate a return to the payment - by • results system. It is pretty certain that not even that would do more than keep the evil in check, since those who engage in the work can get no assurance of being fairly treated. It would be, I think, a monstrouB folly to attempt it again under all the cir cumstances. But how much greater folly must it be to make any attempt to gain the desired end by time payment? Will any one say that each man engaged on the work destroys on an average thirty rabbits a day, presuming 5s. to be the daily rate of pay? Mr. Howe has visited the camps, and appears to believe that the pest has been reduced by , them. PoBtibly it has in the immediate neighbourhood of the camps. But it must be borne in mind, firstly, that the rabbits had bbt-n immensely reduced by the simultaneous and willing efforts of those who were only paid for the "ork done, and that the great sum paid ■ 11 tlu^e men was not paid in vain; secondly, vhat there has been no breeding season since Government camps were in troduced ; and, thirdly, that we have hud a dry season, which in itself would have actually decreased the number of the vermin, let alone prevent an increase. For I know by daily observation of their inBides that, since the time spoken of, Novem ber last, they have not been breeding, and I have also very good reason to believe that seme of them have yielded the ghost from actual starvation. Then as to the matter'of expense. If the Government parties are sent wherever there are rabbits this will be enormous, and far greater than the South Australian revenue ] should be called upon to hear. It will far exceed what could possibly have been spent under the scalp system, though under that the money spent on wild dogs, kangaroos, &e.;, was included, and, strangely enough, debited to the result system as though it were an unavoidable accessory of that system. Now for the question—what is to be done in the future? Leave the rabbits alone by all means until an infectious disease that will meet the case is found. In the past season very few farmers attributed the smallness of the wheat yield to the rabbits. Nearly all gave other reasons and neglected this. Those who want to grow crops or grass where rabbits abound must fence the ground off from them, in this way something con be done withont saddling the revenue with a ruinous expenditure. For, as I have already shown, finality can never be reached by the present method. The rabbits may be kept in check at enormous cost, when an occasional dry season would do just as muoh. And it iB a question whether the Government parties do more harm or good. They kill the cats and iguanas and other allies of onrs as well as the rabbitB, and when all is done the rabbits, more prone to emigrate and travel than the others, find a safe place to multiply on the recently cleared ground. It is to be hoped, then, that the cocky and small settler will not be worried and driven away by unnecessary interference. I do not believe all the Government parties together could extirpate the enemy in Vermin District No. 20, or even in the Hundred of Yonnghusband alone, though the hundred were fenced in. There are too many rocks and porous cliffs along the rivers and elsewhere. At all events it would be beyond the power of Govern ment to clear the one district; and if this could not be done, where is thense of hoping to clear the entire colony ? The country will never be purged by such means, and it will never be purged by the introduction of any number of ferrets, or mongoose, or other noxious animalB. Wherever 1 nave been rabbiting there have been igusnas and cats in plenty, that live and thrive most luxuri antly on the rabbits. A oat will eat more than a ferret, and if Troy could have been defended—I mean, if the deed desired could have been done by an animal, the cat conld do it. It is no use whatever, therefore, to introduce animate that will be, perhaps, more harmful and harder to get rid of than the rabbit. Equally ardently is it to be hoped that no disease dangerouB to man or cattle, such as bovine tuberculosis, shall be set going. The rabbits are a miti gated evil in themselves, tor, at the worst, we could live on them: but this (the being mitigated, I mean) can by no means be said of many of the suggested and even attempted remedies that have been brought forward, I will conclude by expressing my confidence, gathered from the scarcity of rabbits in the older countries and from many other reasons, that by a little well-directed energy on the part of the Government some rabbit disease that will fill the hill may easilv be found. I am, Sir, &c.;, E. M. URUOI'T. Matmum, May 20. 