A Medical Discovery. THERAPEUTIC BIVALS. A MAKE'S NEST. ONE FOE THE PAESON. Chiron Drycupps and Abernethy Carver were 8 brace of newly-lLedged M.D's., equally bent on reaching professional fame, but by different 'paths' — that is to say, one was an ' allopath,' the other a 'homeopath.' As to which was which/please take your choice, reader. In Ms own. conceit, each, -was a modern ZSscula pius ; in the other's opinion a quack, against whom it was a bounden duty to put the public on its guard. Accordingly they backbit one another conscientiously every day, and week about lam pooned each, other in the Tillage newspaper. The one, by way of burlesquing the supposed power of his rival's attenuated doses, cited, the case of the hapless youth who incautiously sniffed a roBebud and ' died in aromatic pain.' The other retorted by instancing, as a fair sample of his opponent's school, £he famous Dr. Isaac Iiefc sem, who put upon his sign — When people they gets sick, I physics, bleeds, andsireats 'em. Then if they choose to die, Why verily ? I. jLetsem. As to either ' consulting' with the other, a Brahmin, ?would as soon have been cauglsfc hob nobbing with a pariah. They never met profes sionally but once. It was thought to be a case of emergency, and both had been summoned. They reached the patient simultaneously, and each, unconscious of the other's presence, seized a wrist. Just then their eyes met. They dropped their several grips, glared reciprocal abhorr*. cce, and fled as if from, mutual pollution, leaving the sick man to — get well, which he did very promptly. On one point only -were they in accord, and that was in admiration of Bertha Barnes, with whom both were deeply smitten. But this con currence only added to their animosity the stimulus of jealousy. One swore by the ghost of Galen she should never be the other's ; ifee other by the beard of Hahnemami she should be his, and his alone. Both were sedulously attentive, and Bertha held the scales very evenly between them. Not caring a fig for either, she didn't find it difficult to be impartial. JBeing, withal, a roguish little elf, ifs not unlikely she took a degree of pleasure in. keeping both in hot water j one very easy way of doing which, she discovered, was invariably to en tertain Dr. Carver with praises of Dr. Drycuppa and the latter with extravagant encomiums on Carver. The effect may be imagined. But an. event happened .that led to an armistice between the doctors. The Eev. Henry Vaughan, a young clergyman lately settled in the place, was beginning, many thought, to pay Bertha consider ably more than her fair quota of pastoral visits j and pretty soon it began to be whispered that ha had more than once been caught casting sheep's eye at her in the choir, and that the way she kept her looks directed toward the pulpit savored more of interest in the handsome preachei than in Vn« sermon. Of course, tbe two doctors didn't like Mr. Vaughan. The first time they had exchanged words in a year was one day when Dr. Drycupps heard Dr. Carver criticising the new nsiniater's last sermon. Drycupps couldn't help chiming in, and the pair fell into quite a friendly discourse, in the course of which they convicted the absent parson of no end of false doctrines, and gave biro such a 'roasting' as heretics seldom receive nowadays. For the time being the therapeutic rivals buriec the hatchet — to be taken up, of course, as boot as the obnoxious minister was disposed of, tt which end they proceeded to devote them selves. They detected worldliness in the tie of hii cravat, levity in the cut of his hair, and frivolitj in the style of his whiskers. They searched th# Scriptures as never before, with a view of laying theological snares for his unsuspecting feet. On the whole, their success wasn't encouraging. In spite of their spite, Mr. Vaughan grew ii popularity, and, to their still sorer disappoint ment, in Bertha's favor. The situation began to look desperate, when om day, while Chiron and Abernethy were pursuing a walk of gloomy consultation, they stumbled oi a discovery. It was in the shape of an unsealed letter lying in the road. Chiron picked it up, and his eon* panion looked over his shoulder. It bore the post? mark of a distant town, and was addressed to th( 'Eev. Henry Vaughan.' ' Open it,' said Abernethy, evidently holding that in love, as in war, there is nothing sacred ii an enemy's private correspondence. 'Dear Henry,' it ran — 'For the first time einc- the year we servod in prison together I heard of yoi and your whereabouts yesterday. I've settled dowi here into a quiet country doctor ; and — hut I find though I sat down to spin you out a Rood, long letter there's absolutely nothing to -write about. I'm goiuj your way shortly, and shall give you a call, whei we'll talk over old times. Till then, good-bye. — You' friend, 'Pbect Blake.' ' Ha ? — a gaolbird I' exclaimed Chiron. ' I always said he was no better than he shoulc be,' added Abernethy. ' I think I was the first to suggest that,' re turned the other. Abernethy gave a shake of decided dissent, anc there's no telling to what pitch the dispute might have risen if it nadn't occurred to both that th« crises demanded action. A brief conference resulted in a decision to keej their own counsel for the present, except in so f ai as to place the letter in the hands of Bertha'i father, Deacon Barnes, who was also head of thi church committee. This would kill two birdi with one stone — it would 'cook the parson't goose with Bertha,' as they elegantly phrased it and lead to his prompt arraignment before th» church. The plan was forthwith carried out, and th( same evening Mr. Taughan was notified that thf committee desired to see him. He went at once, and found the members ix solemn conclave, looking very grave indeed. Drs Drycupps and Carver were present, wearing looki of ill- concealed triumph. 'Mr. Vaughan,' said Deacon Barnes, 'we have sent for you to explain a very serious mattei which has been brought to our notice ; but it -will be more orderly first to hear these eentle men.' Dr. Drycupps was then called, and requested tc state the facts relating to the finding of th« letter, which he did with great clearness end minuteness, his testimony being in all respect/ corroborated by Dr. Carver. The letter was then handed to Mr. Vaughan. ' Ah! I must have dropped it to-day,' he -said, after glancing at it. Then he looked at the committee as if waiting to be questioned. ' What explanation have you to give ?' askai Mr. Barnes, a little sternly. ' Of what ?' returned the minister. ' Of the allusion, sir,' replied the deacon, in dignant at the other's assumption of inaooatf ignorance, 'to your having served a year is prison.' The minister broke into a hearty laugh. »' I fear I must admit the fact,' he said, t*- covering himself with an effort. ' It is hardly a subject for levity,' retorted tt«a deacon, with increased severity. ' The fact itself may not be,' returned tha other, 'but the construction put upon it may well provoke a smile. My friend Blake and I did serve a year in -^ — prison — he on the medical staff and I as chaplain. Percy, who is a bit of m wag, in his letter, I see, puts it a little bluntly.' The gravity of the occasion was completely marred, and the two witnesses slipped out unob served. Mr. Vaughan and Bertha sustain a much oleiw relationship than that of pastor and parishoner now. 