TBE LOCAL OPTION QUESTION. A GENERAL meeting of licensed victuallers was held in the Connell Chambers last even ing, nuder the auspices of the Licensed Victuallers' Association, to take further steps towards opposing the local optionlsts, who are endeavouring to reduce the number of hotels in Rockhampton, and to prohibit the issue ot new licenses for two years. About twenty-five members were present, and the chair was taken by the President of the Association-Alderman J. Williamson. The ASSOCIATION SECEETAEY (Ur. Morris H. Harris) read the notice convening the meeting,-The CHAIRMAN said the meeting had been called principally for the purpose of gaining volunteers to assist the Committee of the Licensed Victuallers' Association, so as to enable them to appoint Committees for the variouB wards. Toe election would be con- ducted similarly to a municipal contest, and only those whose names were on the Voters' Roil would be able to express an opinion, and they would have the number of votes placed against them then. He was rather sorry for that, because the feeling of the public would not be tested. There were many people whose names were not on the roll, which comprised only those who had paid their rates on the 1st November last. How- ever, that was the decision of the Mayor, and lt would result in half the publicans being unable to record their views, tbougli they had paid their rateB. Three well-organised com- mittee were needed because there were three wards in the town, and they would need, be- sides, a scrutineer for each ward. The Com- mittees should now be got into working order, so that the rolls could be thoroughly ex- amined, and they could ascertain where to go for this and that one who was likely to support them. Twenty men at least would be re" quired. There were gentlemen not connected with tlie trade who sympathised with them, and had offered them the use of their vehicles and horses, and they would not be put ta a great expense.-Mr. T. JONES inquired If there was sufficient money to carry on the election ; and the CHAIRMAN answered that all the publicans on the north side of the river had contributed, and it was expected those living in Rockhampton, who would be waited on this week, would also do so. They had received aid and sympathy from people interested in no way in the trade, and many of these had given money or promised to lend them vehicles for the polling-day. Among them was Mr. James Stewart, the draper, who had <lonated two guineas.-Mr. JONES explained be was not speaking on his own behalf only, though he would have, like the others, to give drinks to catch votes.-The CHAIRMAN said that all chargeB of the nature referred to by the last speaker would be defrayed by the Committee or three guineas had said, "If that is not enough we will give more. - Mr. JONES stated he had three buggies, and the Associa- tion could have the use of them if Some who had given two ti>t i «bald fiad anyone to drive.-Tba follow i"g committees were then appointed : Fit- ny Ward-Mesara. H. C. Bream, M. A. Cusack, W. R. Molt, T. Cranley, and J. F, Lowry ¡ Archer Ward - Messrs. H. W. Johnson, James' Hall, 8. Llpsilne, E. W. Quilley, and H. Wilson ; Leichhardt Ward Mesan, fl. Grell, S. A. Wesley, B» M "Clel- land, I. W. Whitehouse, H. Veapermann, T. Jons«, and. W. Belfield.-The CHAIEKAN remarked that if members of Committee were doubtful as to how anyone would vote they shouts leave him alone, and should assist one another in the best way they could. -Mr. BaEvtf .thought it would look more generous to drive all voters to the polu'ng-bootbs ir- respective of their views ; and the CHAIRMAN Bald that if he saw a lady walking, and had room for her, he would convey her to the polling-place. (A voice : Even the Town Clerk'« lady!) Yes.-Thc 8ECBETABV pro- posed there should be a house-to- house in- spection in each ward before the polling-day. -Mr. BaEAM.opposed the proposition, on the grounds that there were many who did not car« to be questioned as to what they in- tended to do, and that a number of votes might be obtained by letting people alone. -The CHAIRMAN considered the suggestion was a wisc one, but as voting by ballot was now in vogue it would be better notto follow it. It would be aa well to let each Committee work in it« own peculiar way, and arrange to bring voters to the booths at hours that would suit their con- venience. The greatest rushes would bc early in the morning, at noon, and before five o'clock. He would get as many copies of the Voters' Boll as he would, and leave thi-m wlfjh the Secretary, from whom they could bc \- obtained. Thc appointment of scrutineers had' better be left in the hands of the Executive Committee.-Mr. JONES ap- proved cf Mr, Harris' remarks, and m station ed that during the last muni- cipal contest in Leichhardt Ward, Mr. G.'M. Leigh, another gentleman, and the speaker had made a house-to-house inspection onljehalf of Mr. Joseph Brown. The result was that they discovered where voter* were to shs found, and the time it Would euit them to record their votes, and their candidates were returned by two votes to one.-The CHAIRMAN said the local optionists hod had a pamphlet headed "Hov to vote" priced. Tb« Association had also done so, and the form - given at the foot was a /ac «im#e of the one that would be used by the Returning Officer. It bad the word " against " crossed ont. A voter could vote tor one resolution «nd against another, against both, or for both, fie intended to oppose the two propositions, because he did not, believe in the interference of the mob with iproperly-oonstituted authorities. He pointed ont that the'public could now-by preventing a respectfully-worded petition and stating the grounds on which they were pro- ceeding-prevent the issue of. new licenses ; and .said be could only regard the present moye.mi.nt as an endeavour to obtain what' was beyond the right of a British subject. It was no use saying it was law, because, under an act passed during the reign of Charles- H.; a barber could now be punished for shaving a man on a Sunday; because under another old statute people could be compelled to go to church once a month ; and because there was a law which said the property of a felon shonld be con- fiscated. The latter was not done, but if it there would be a great hubbub in the town, and public meetings would be held to object to it. Not long ago a man was fined ln_ Sydney for shaving another on a Sun- day. -Mr. WESLEY expressed a hope tbat the trade would recollect when the next general election took place, who had put the iniquitous law they were now talk- ing of into force. - Mr. JOHNSON said he would have liked to have heard several j vigorous expressions of opinion on the | question. He eulogised the letter compiled ] by the President aud Secretary or the Asso- ciation, and published in that morning's Argué, saying it contained many cogent j reasons against the passing of the resolutions proposed by the-he was going to say Pharisee party. They were not Pharisees, because they only bawled, and did not wear ti>s|r badges on their breasts. They might answer a, few of the remarks which had been' interspersed so freely in the letters pntAisned in tbe Press daring the last fourteen days. " Mr. Gostelow," or some each gentle- man, had told them, in a letter in the Bulletin, that they were responsible for niling the gaols and hospitals. It so happened that on the day his letter waa published there appeared in that iou nal a paragraph relating to the Hospital. It stated there were seventy five inmates, and mentioned the maladies they were suffering from ; and the writer of it drew upon his imagination to such an extent as to say one bad, while suffering from drink, fallen off a dray and hort himself. He had spokeu tx* Or. Macdonald about the matter, and be . said the rep rter must have imagined the thing, and that he hod not one individual in the Hospital who was suffering from the effects of intemperance. The next gentleman he had the honour to epeak of in connection with Mr Goetelow's assertion was, the head of the Police Department, who averred that the district was thc most orderly in Queens- land. "Mr. GoBtelowV1 statements were ghost-like, and vanished like vapour when tackled. Mr. Johnson then referred to the writings of Mrs. P. Hopkins, sod «sid that that lady advocated the redaction of the number of hotels because it would re- move temptation out of the way of Ber own or anybody else's husband. He argued that the consumption of drink weald not be lessened by reducing the number of hotels, and that the passing of the resolu- tions brought forward by the local optionists Would have the effect of stopping enterprise. colamos, we may say lt wu founded On Information received from Dr. Mac donald, which waa to the effect (tated in it. -The CHAIRMAN argued in a similar «trait and talked of the evil« of prohibition. H mentioned that in America a lady-who re lated the circumstances to him-had, whei total prohibition became law, labelled the driel as blacking, and numbered the bottles con taining it Nos. 1,2 and 3 respectively. Na. 1 was whisky, No. 2 rum, and No. 3 somethiiij else. There was more drinking in Scotian; bow on Sunday than before the statute pre Venting the sale of grog on that day cami into for». He stated that when out walking On a Sunday with a friend the latter asked s Constable where he could get a glass ol whisky, and the officer directed him to a place where they found twenty others im- bibing. He combatted the assertion that where there was the most drinking there wu the most crime, and in proof of that assertion said that in the county of Durham a greater quantity of intoxicating liquors wu drunk than in any other county in England, and the number of criminal offences committed WAS less than in the others. In one of the southern oountlcB in which less liquor was consumed than tn the e thers crimes were most frequent. -Mr. JONES related his experience of the effects of prohibition on Sunday trading in Melbourne and other towns in the colonies, showing it had not tended to reduce the number of drunkards to be seen on the Sabbath.-Mr. LlFSTINE uked where the revenue would come from if not from intoxicating liquors, and spoke against prohibition. He characterised Mr. Gostelow U " a thing," and said he would consider it beneath MB dignity " to the likes of him." The CHAIRMAN attributed the action of the local optionists to their enthusiasm, and re- marked that people, when they became imbued with an idea so thoroughly u they were, were apt to rush to extremes.-Mr. BREAM jocula'ly observed that if the liquor trade was abolished the country could levy a , poll-tax on the social reformers as well as on the Chinese, and thus raise money_Mr. HALI, said he had heard it was the wish of some I people to sweep every public-bouse outof exist- . ance, and indicated that such a policy would, j if carried into effect, result in thousands of j people being thrown out of employment, I Those engaged in the cultivation of hops and barley, md the manufacture of melt and all' kind« of liquor, would find their occupation. gone, and the maka of the unemployed would > be «welled. He contended a publican had a right to trade aa long aa he conducted hu establishment in a respectable and orderly manner, and condemn ad from expérience tbe principle of prohibition.-Several others also addressed the meeting, and generally dwelt on the deceitful method« adopted to obtain and sell grog during prohibited hours.-The meet- ing concluded with a vote of thanke to the Chairman, who, it was understood, should procure as many copies of the Voters' Koli as were available, and give them to the Secre- tary for transmission to the several licensed | victuallers. 