THE WVIDOW'S PLOT; . GwENDOntr opened her eyes to see, as she after wards owned, " the handsomest man that ever breathed." That was her extravagant way, of. putting it. He was tall and dark, and in face and figure a Bayard or a Crichton. His eyes were Italian in their liquid fire. In re pase they appeared to be of a velvety dark brown; in anger, black. A fine dark brown velvety moustache curved his mouth, and a beautiful smile seemed to be flitting perpetually over his most expressive countenance. You are better !" he said, at length, ini his musical voice. " Yes," .she murmured, wondering where she had seen'that'exquisite smile before. ~' Will you allow me to assist you to rise 1" "'Thank you," returned the blushing Gwen, now thoroughly alive to the figure she "cut." " I know what you wish to say," the stranger went on. " You wish to ask me to turn .and look to the condition of these Roman con-. spirators-I wonder they could have the heart to offend such an empress-while you skilfully 1 re-arrange your toliet."'' '" You know the names of my ponies, then,' said the surprised girl." ] " I have that pleasure." '." Perhaps I murmured them 1" "Perhaps so.' "And yet-" " What ?" " I think I only !said-" And Gwen hesi tated again.... "" You only said " 'George.' " '" Oh, dear !" : " That miieans dear 'George-happy George. Don't you know I should like to annihilate George.. You love-but :I will intrude no more. Brutus shall be looked to, and Cassius i shall not be neglected. And you, :Iron Duke -=omie'along, sir. You mustn't gaze at a lady like that. Come and superintend these other old soldiers.L I'm afraid they, in the original, never ran away, either from a foe or with a lady." . Tqe great grey charger followed his master nn 'the 'most docile manner, and Gwendelin was much more amazed than before. . Having spoken a great deul' to the lately refractory ponies, and torn away some of the splashboard, the gentleman rurned to his fair. eomIanion, saying " I thought you would be ready. I know' a great deal about ladies-their habits, tempers, mode of ;existence, &c.; &co; Saw in a moment that:you do a deal of your own dressing, and I should say, without being impertinent, that your maid has a bad time of it 'with you oc casionnlly-that is, if sho is not neat and handy. Most' maids, though, are neat and handy, let me tell you ; the faults, as a rule, in [ my experience, lying at the doors of the mis- I 'tresses, if they are young, chiefly- as you are; liut I' see you appear to be annoyed, however on the contrary, you are somewhat amused-as 'I'ii , and on the whole, I think in the future we will agree very well together. ' Just step in, please. You need not' fear.' The noble Romans are quite reconciled, and will go home in fine style. .'I've spoken to them, so has the Iron. Duke.. He has told them.that, as the ghost of' an Iron Duke, he is quite ashamed to see the shades of two Roman field-marshals flying about' in that irregular horse style. There you are-coinfortable.,, Just so. Now then, Duke,' come here: Let me join you." And with those w'ords the 'merry stranger leapt lightly into tho lofty saddle. Duke proudly arched his neck, and, with an appre ciativo wvhini?ey, began to stride majestically side by side.with'the two penitent ponies. The equestrian gentleman's style of converL sation was very eccentric, Gwondolin thought. Indeed, she fancied at first she must:provo ul timately to be a lunatio escaped with some friendly horse ; animals are proverbally fond of half-witted or insane people. 'Then she noted that he spoke ii an "easy way; his fluency of speech' had nothilng'of the character lie seemed nmore moved.by a desire to place her qqito at her case, to prevent her from pondering over the danger she had run, and presently she appreciated his delicacy, although some of hid sp'eeches wereo solken in quite a familiar manner.; a manner, indeed,, which in anybody else would be very impertinent. Why this latter confession to -herself, we will presently see. There was something about the Tman's' smile.' Thinking ' over this she drove slowly through the turnpike 'at the top. of the town, when he said something to the kind old attenidant, and then she was sure she had met this man so?mewhere before, after which she murmiured to herself ?i" ris bright smile haunts me still." ; . They' piassed throngh the old world market place and.down the first pairt of High-street. Glancing up at the red lamp over the surgery if the great corner house, lhe said, vulgarly, she thought--' :" The crib of Mr. Sawbones," and then, be fore she could remark something outting in re turn, as she iitended to do, he continued- "'and, by Jupiter I there's George.".. " Giorge 1" she 'echoed, as she looked along the priory road to see'her lover in very close communication with Mrs. Maxwell. "Do you xnow ueorge ' sne oontnnuoa, a very giaa look coming into her. matchless eyes. , S"Do I know George 7" laughed the hand some esoort merrily. "I should just think I do. Why George is my brother." : r The smile was explained. The faces were very different, the smnile came froni the mother who no longer lived to be proud of' her boys. This Gwendolin knew afterwards. "I'm so glad," was all 'that se niow could say. "'·fAnd so am I. And yet I'm sorry too, for ·I fear we shall be rivals.' I don't think much of women generally,' but rMiss Gwendolin °Northoote'has.made' quite an impression, on , .How. codd you know me? ." " .-I recognised you by the ponies,- and the •desoription from'George. ,Alh 1 he will never be ible .to draw i' pen and :ink sketch from asuch a face as yours.' Thoro are not another pair of eyes in the world like yours." " You must not speak like that," said Gwen dolin, proudly, but at the same time she was not quite proud enough to . be indifferent to those particular eyes .whioh .everybody re marked. "' The ieares?t' approach" to ' thooyosycs of "y'oursi, Miss' Northcoto," proceeded Mr. Tor rens, ;' belonged to a lady very nnto- famousi once in Paris. Ah I ;she slow men with the pair she pairl she had- destroyed 'them body ! aud soul. Yours are difforont, ho. said ?'sadly; and'thoughtfully, looking-'earnestly at--her: " Yes ; I cannot be mistaken. Your. eyes Are good and true." :r " The young lady had never heard so melo dious, manly, and exl ressive a' voice before. But for the fact that the speech was personal she could have cried from the depth of its sad ness. . It was very rude, she thought a:ain, but she could not resent his familiarity. He seemed so mentally powerful and brave, and then was he not George's brother? : "Now that's a peculiarwonian if you like," he pronounced, as they approached the spot where the doctor and the widow were seem ingly so earnestly in conversation.. George turned rouiind on 'the sound of tlhe hoofs of the Duke. The next :moment 'h??iad his brother's hand in his, and Gwen noticed that the grave face was lit up with wlhat might be called rapture, as he cried-? " Ah, Fred !" ' George, dear old boy !"" came from the' darker man. "How they love each other;" rapidly rumina ted that young woman of the "world--Widow Maxwell. Mr. Fredrick was qtiickly introduced to the latter lady, and then in a few words the young stranger recounted, humorously, his meeting with his brothers fiancee. ' He took no credit to himself, but in a few natural sentoncea Gwendolin painted all the danger, and what she was pleased to call Fred's heroism, and so George became excited at once. "You must be injured, darling.. Just.-step into Mrs. Maxwell's parlour. Allow me to assist you._ I knowuwhit such shocks mean," and before the now shrinking girl could dund words suflicientlystrong for objection to this plan, she found herself seated in the easy chair in the snug little room named. .-?The .King of. Siam seems to be a saor <'f Oriental Jamrock. He has presented the Zoological Gardens at Adelaide with one crocodile, 20 vultures, one pelican, and numner oun other animals. The Chinese in the United States have ad dressed their Government and requested them to put a stop to any influx of Chinese into the States, owing to the hostility exhibited to: the race by the residents. A country paper has a curious misprint by which a recent event is described as 'The Grafton Church Fleas,' instead of 'The Grafton Church Fracas.' __ m _ Mr. Gladsone Eyre has just finished a por trait in oils, of Lord Carrington which is now on view at the vestibule of the -Town ?iall. liisExcellency has been pleased to say that he considers it does the artist credit. Lady Car rington also expressed herself as pleased with z : Sir Patrick Jennings h]as telegraphed to the neighbburing colonies to the effect that the Government of New Sonth Wales will not take any action, by way' of interference, with the negotiations between the British and French Governments as to the New Hebrides, if it is unlderstood that no more recidivistes are to be sent to the Pacific. At the Wagga Court on Monday, Alfred Hinder, lato manager of the Cominmercial Bank, Tumbarumba, was found guilty of maliciously wounding Heary Wolfe, and remanded for sentence. At a large meeting held last'Monday night of railway employees it was resolved to inter view the Minister .for Works, on the subjeot of Mr. Gnodchap's minute repecting the. pro posed railway employees association. Mr. A Devlin, of Wagga, has bren apointed starter to the Australian Joel~ey Club. It is reported that a warrant has been issued against Mr. Holt, manager of the Bank of New Zcalhnd, Sydney, at the instigatibn of a gentle man not connected with the bank. Heavy rains are reported fromi York+ Penin sula. 