TIE Sf#l¥fSLIiEi.. The World Went Very Well Then. By WALTER BESANT. | Author of 'All Soitrs and Coxditioxs of Men,' j ' Dbhothy Foster,' ' The Revolt of Max,' I ' CHILDREN or Giueox,' &C.; I I Chapter XX1.-A RUDE AWAKENING. I About 6 o'clock in tho morning, when, at this time of j year, it is already daylight, there marched down tbe HiVli 6trcet of Wapping a company seen there often enough in I the evening, when they are expected and men are prenared for them, but seldom so early. Who, indeed, expects a pressgang at daybreak? Tlie party consisted of a dozen sailors, armed each with a short cudgel, and a lieutenant in command, with a drawn cutlass. With the officer walked a tall man, young, bareheaded, and strangely attired in a ragged knitted waistcoat, tattered breeches tied up -with string and loose at the knees, and yet with white silk stockings, shoes -with silver buckles, and, on one side only, powdered hair. The streets at this time are already full of those who are hastening to the day's work ; most of the houses are open, and- the maids are at the doors twirling their mops, or at the windows throwing open the shutters ; or, in the more genteel houses, they are plastering the doorsteps with yellow ochre. 'Twas, indeed, the Pressgang, more dreaded than revenue ollicers or Bow-street runners, and its appearance at this early j hour caused everywhere the liveliest curiosity and tho greatest consternation. Those who met them either stopped still to look after them, their faces full of apprehension, or they ran into opon houses, or they fled without a word, or they turned into a side street or court, for fear of being j taken for sailors. Many of those who Hod were landsmen, j and honest mechanics, because, when the Press is hot, it does not always respect landsmen, although the law is j peremptory against taking any but sailors. This company, however, paid no hoed to any,* whether they ran or whether ( they stood, marching along without attempting to seize thein. though some oi' the men were Thames watermen, and others were lightermen, aud some dockmcn, aud others mere river pirates and plunderers, or, as they call them, receivers, copemen, rat-catchers, coopers, mudlarks, light horsemen and lumpers, all of whom have been held to be sailors within the meaning of the Act. Presently the man in rags, who seemed to be leading the party, stopped, and looked about him. 'Ay,' he said, ''I believe this to he the house. Now, my lads, steady all; for we have 'em, neat, and tidy, just as if they were so many rats caught in a bag.' As soon as the people in the street understood — this took them no long time— that the Press — out, no doubt, on some special and unusual business of the greatest import ance — was actually going to visit the crimp's house, pro bably in search of the malingerers, deserters, or cowardly skulkers often lying there, in hope to be snug and out of the way, there was a lively curiosity. For skulkers these people entertain a mingled curiosity and contempt — the former on account of their cunning at disguise aud hiding, and the latter because, the sea being their trade, they will not bravely follow it. The workman, no longer fearful of his own safety, stopped to look on, his tools in his bag, careless if he should be lato at his shop ; the waterman, who, , at first sight of the party, trembled for himself, stopped 011 his way to the stairs where he plied, though he might | thereby lose an early fare, and stood curious to sec what ! might happen, blowing into his fingers to keep them warm ; : the maids came out from the house-doors and stood around, ! mop iu hand, expressing at tirst their opinions of the Press, j without any l'eav of the lieutenant, or respect to authority— I there are certainly no such enemies of good government as the women. But, when these honest girls found that the Press was not come to carry off their lovers, hut in order to visit the house about which there was so much mystery, and concerning which there -were told so many stories, they stopped their abuse and waited to see what would come of it. Within those barred windows strange things were carried on. Terrible stories are fold of crimps'^ houses. Fearful sounds had been heard proceeding from this house ; shrieks and cries for mercy, and the tramping of feet. Sometimes there was singing, with laughter, and the noise of men making merry over drink ; sometimes there were loud quarrels, with the noise of fighting. Those who entered this house were generally carried in ; those who came out were generally carried out. It was said that ometimcs thoso who were carried out were not drunk, but dead ; and that they were not put into the boat to be shipped on board an East Indiaman, but to be dropped into the river at mid-stream, with a stone tied to their feet. Therefore, the crowd, which increased every moment, looked on with satisfaction. Thoy might now be enabled to see, for them selves, what manner of house this was. ?' I think, sir,' said Jack to the lieutenant in command, ' that if you would leave two men at the door, we can with llie remainder very easily dispose of the rogues in the house, whether they are awake or asleep.' The house was not astir yet ; the door was not yet opened ; the shutters of tho ground- floor windows were not yet thrown back. It looked, in the broad daylight, a dirty, disgraceful den ; tho doors -md shutters black with dirt and. ' There remained but the parson, who said nothing, but waited Datiently for his fate. ' As for this man,' said Jack, laying his hand upon his shoulder, ' he is my prisoner ; leave him to me.' Chatter XXI. THE WORLD WENT VERY WELL THEN. want of paint ; the windows of the upper storeys seemed as if they hsid never been cleaned since they had first been put up, and some of the panes of glass were broken. ' If they are awake, they will fight,' said Jack. ' But they have no pistols, so far as I could see.' The door yielded to a push. The Parson had, therefore, left the door as if J ack had escaped by unlocking and un barring it. Jack led the w.av up -stairs, and throw open the door of the room in whicli he had so nearly met a horrid and violent death. Behold! All the men were lying just as they had fallen, some on their faces, some on their backs, their mouths open, and breathing heavily. The fire was (- Continued on Togo 1020.) out, and the air ot the place was hornbly close and ill smelling. ' Here they are,' said Jack, as the lieutenant followed him. ' Saw one ever lustier rogues '{ Here is a haul tor you.' ' They arc dressed as sailors,' said the lieutenant, look ing at them with curiosity and misgiving'. ' But I doubt it. I have never known crimps' men to be sailors. Mostly this sort arc riverside rogues, and to take them on board ?would only be to put into the fo'k'slc so many past-masters in all villainy.' ' That is true,' Jack replied, 'nnd I doubt they will waut continual smartening from the boVn : and such mutinous dogs that tliev will at first spend half their time in the triangles. Yet, if you refuse them, 1 must needs have them hanged ; and this, I am not, I confess, willing to do, because there is one other who must then hang with thein. And I would not, if I could avoid it, compass his death.' 'Then I will press them,' said the lieutenant, riiaking up his mind, 'lleady with the handcuffs! Stand by! Handcuff every man !' The sailoi-s pulled them up one after the other, waking them with kicks and cutfs, and made each man safe. Thus, shaken violently out of their sleep, they stood gazing stupidly at each other, still only half awake, aud not know ing what had befallen them, or where they were, or any thing at all. ' Bring them down-stairs, and into the open,' the lieutenant commanded. 'Rouse up every one of them with the pump. Now for the rest of the house.' ' I believe there are no other sailors here,' said Jack ; ' only two or three poor devils in hiding till they can be shipped for the East Indies.' The men went through the house, and presently re turned, bringing four or five prisoners — namely, the recruits of the Company. A most valuable addition they vrould have made to the service, truly, for a more scare crow, terrified crew could not be found anywhere. As for the 'prentice, a white-faced puny wretch, who had robbed his master's till, at the sight of the officer with a drawn 6word, and the men, their faces fierce and unrelenting, standing around, he immediately imagined that they were all come for his own airest, and that this was the first step towards Newgate and the gallows. Wherefore he fell upon his knees blubbering. ' Alas !' he cried. ' I am a miserable sinner ! I con fess all. I have robbed my master. Oh ! let me have mercy. Let me live, and I will pay all back ! Only let me live !*' And so on, as if the noose was already ready for him, aud the rope hitched to the gallows. The next was a sturdier rogue. He would have been hanged for coining false money had he been caught. But. he understood that a company of sailors is not sent forth to arrest men charged with civil offences. Therefore, and in order to save his neck, he very readily volunteered, and, being a brisk, smart lad, though a rogue from childhood, and a thief, forger, coiner, and pickpocket, I daresay he turned out as good a sailor as can be expected of a lands man ; and if he could not go alott to bend or reef a sail, he could help to man a gun and carry a pike- The third man was the deserter, who represented himself as a man milliner, and was Buffered to go free, because milliners are of little use on a man-o'-war; the next was a bankrupt, once a substantial tradesman, who had ruined himself with drink and vicious courses, and came voluntarily to the crimp's to be enlisted in the Company's service, in order to escape his creditors. But his face was so puffed and purple with drink, his limbs so trembled beneath him, that 1 doubt whether he would have lasted the voyage. There was another, whose wife was a termagant, and extravagant to boot, and he was flying from her and from her debts. lie, too, offered to volunteer, saying that he would rather dwell with the Devil than .with his wife ; but the lieutenant would not have him. ' And another there was who was a broken gamester, a gentleman by birth, and a physician from Glas gow University, a native of Jamaica, where he had at first a good fortune, but was now fallen from his former con dition, without friends, estate, or money, and held no other hope except to take service with the Company. There were one or two others, but all of them, except the false coiner, the lieutenant, without inquiring further into their cha racters or their histories, ordered to go about their business ; but as for the 'prentice, who still blubbered that he was a repentant sinner, and asked permission only to live, he fetched him a box o' the ears and a kick, and bade him go his was, nnd be hanged. This poor wretch, who had been torn partly with terror at the thought of going to the Indies to fight, being a des perate coward, and partly with remorse, made haste to obey the Lieutenant, and departed, and what became of him, whether he went to his master and confessed and obtained pardon, or whether he was thrown into New fate and hanged, or whether he fell into worse courses, I now not — ' the way of transgressors,' saith Holy Writ, 'is hard.' There remained the Parson, who said nothing, but waited patiently for his .fate. ' As for this man,' said Jack, laying his hand upon his shoulder, ' he is my prisoner. Leave lnm to ine.' This, then, was Jack's revenge. He might have seen the men swing — and they deserved nothing short of hang ing — but it pleased him better to think of these fat, tender skinned, delicate, overfed, and drunken rogues, as cowardly as they were pampered, howling under the lash, and mutinously grumbling under the discipline of a King's ship. They were mere landsmen, who nad never been to sea at all, even if they had ever been on board a ship (if they had it was only to look for something to steal). But they had lived on the riverside all their lives, and knew the talk of sailors ; and they equipped themselves — a part of their trade— in slops and round jackets, the better to decoy their victims. The men were still so stupid with the drug they had taken that they understood nothing of what was done until jfchey had first had their heads held under the pump for a quarter ot an hour. Then they began to remember what bad happened ; and seeing their late prisoner with the party of captors they cast rueful looks at one another, and, like the poor apprentice, looked for nothing short of New gate, and for the fatal cart, and the ride to Tyburn— which, indeed, for this and many other crimes, they richly deserved. It would have gone hard with Aaron had this been the destination intended for them by their victim. Nothing is more distasteful to a rogue than to hang alone wfapn his brother rogues have escaped. It offeuds his sense of justice. Perhaps, however, the goine out of the world in so violent a manner in company with an old friend is felt to be less cold and comfortless than to go alone. But Aaron, as well as those men, was reserved for another fate. This business despatched, and the men, now fully awake, drawn up two and two in readiness to march, J ack addressed them with great courtesy, though the sailors of the Press grinned and put tongue in cheek. 'Gentlemen,' he said, ' lasjr night your honours were good enough to offer nn; the hospitality of your house; you also debated veiy seriously whether you should not murder me ; that you did not do so is the cause why your honours arc now handcuffed. You will go with t hese honest sailors, and you will thank mo henceforth every day of your lives for my goodness in getting you impressed! Such brave lads as you will rejoice to run up aloft in a gale of wind, and the enemy's shot you will value no more than a water man's jest. You are so smart that the bo's'n's supple jack will never curl about your shoulders, nor his rope's end make your fat legs jump. As to drink, I fear there has been more punch served out in this house than is good for your health; that is better ordered aboard. And ft will do your honours good to see each other made fast to the triangles while the cat-o' -nine-tails sweetly tickles his fat back. Perhaps you freshwater sailors know not the tickling of the cat. Gentlemen, you have a truly happy life before you. I wish your honours farewell.' It was the first speech Jack over made. If it. was not eloquent it was to the point and intelligible. I do not think that the fellows understood one word of what he said, being fully possessed with the belief that they were going to Newgate and afterwards to be hanged. And when they presently found themselves taken on board the tender and shoved below deck, and understood that they were pressed for sailors, at first they grinned with joy. One who is threatened with death counts escape on any con ditions, even the hardest, a thing to be welcomed with joy unspeakable. But when they discovered, after a few days' experience on board, what was meant by service at sea— a life of little ease, hard work, and short time for sleep, and rough food, with the kicks and contempt which all tiue man-o'-war's-men show for lubbers, a limited ration of rum, and the necessity of immediate obedience — some of them fell into despair, and would skulk below till they were driven upwards hv the bo's'n's supplejack aud the gunner's rattan, and these laid on in no stinted or niggard spirit. Some became mutinous and insubordinate. None of tlieni knew anything of a seaman's duties, in spite of their sailor's dress, and were useless save for the simplest work. Therefore it naturally came to pass that, before long, one after another, they were tied up and soundly trounced, whereupon, their backs being soft and tender and unused to the lash, and their dispositions cowardly, and being ignorant of discipline and respect to their officers, when prayers for pity failed they fell to cursing the captain and the lieutenants, the bo's'n, and the ship's crew, shrieking and screaming like mad women, so that they stayed where they were for another six dozen, and this admonition and instruction were repeated until they were finally made to understand that a man-o'-war is not a crimp's house, nor a tavern at Wapping, where every man can call for what he chooses, sleep as long as he pleases, and take his pleasure ; but a place where work has to be done, orders must be obeyed, and punishment in default is as certain as the strildng of eight bells. 'Whether any of them returned I know not, but the house was broken up and their old occu pation was destroyed, though no doubt, other crimps' houses were soon established in their place. When the Pressgang were gone there remained Jack, still in his rags, and the unlucky recruits. ' As for you fellows,' he said, ' my advice is, sheer off. This house is closed. There is no more shelter for you here. Go and hide elsewhere.' ' Where shall we go ? ' asked the poor gamester. ' Here at least we got meat and drink. Whither shall we go i'' They obeyed, however, and went out together, parting at the door and skulking away in different directions, perhaps to be picked up by another crimp. ' Brother,' said Jack to the Parson, ' come with me. First let me put on my own clothes, and then we will find a lodging for thee. Thou hast saved my life. There fore, so long as I have a guinea left, thou shalt have the half.' At first the poor man refused. He hurst into tears, declaring that kindness was thrown away upon a wretch so disgraced and degraded as himself; that it would be better for him to stay where he was, and to receive with resignation the evils which he had brought upon his own head. ' What,' he asked, ' can be done for a man for whose apprehension a reward is offered and the Hue and Cry is out ?' ' Hark ye, brother,' Jack repeated, ' thou hast saved my life. If thou wilt not come with me willingly, hang me but I will drag thee along. What ! Wouldst remain alone in this den ? Come, I say, and be treated for thine own good. What ! There was no robbery after all. As for the Hue and Cry, leave that to me. I will taclde the Hue and Cry,' which I value not an inch of rogue's yam.' 1 do not knew what he understood by the Hue and Cry, or how he was going to tackle it ; but being always a master ful man, who would ever have his own way, he overcame the Parson's scruples, and presently had him away and safely bestowed in a tavern at Aldgate, where he engaged a room for him and sent for a tailor, making the parson put off his tattered cassock and his old wig, and sit in a night cap and shirtsleeves until he was provided with clothes suit able to his profession, and a wig such as proclaimed it. Then Jack bade him rest quiet a day or two. and be careful how he stirred abroad, while he himself made inquiries into his case and this matter of the Hue and Cry. Now mark, if you please, the villany of tho man Jonathan llayment. There never had been any reward offered for the arrest of this poor man at all; there was no Hue and Cry after him ; the gentleman whom, in the madness of his despair, he had thought to rob had not followed and tracked him; nothing was known about him at all, and his friends were wondering where he was, and why he sent no letters to them. The story of the Hue and Cry and the reward was invented by Mr. Ray ment, who was, I believe, eldest son to the tamer of Lies, in order to keep the unhappy man in his power, so that he could use him as the servant (or slave) of the house so long as he pleased ; or, if he thought, it would bo more profitable, could ship him as a recruit at any time. And while he was persuading this contrite sinner' that the whole town rang with his wickedness no one in tho world knew anything about it, and there was no reason why he should not go openly to the St. Paul's coffco-house and sit among his fellow-divines. Briefly, Jack shared, half and half, all the money lie had with this poor man, who presently obtained a lectureship, and afterwards a city church, and is now, as I havo already stated, a most, worthy, pious, devout, learned preacher, benevolent , eloquent, ami orthodox, justly beloved J l-y all his congregation, and, 1 dare atlirm, none the worse ] becauso in his youth he experienced the temptations of poverty, was even suffered to fall into sin, felt the pangs of remorse aud shame, and endured the torments of com panionship with the most devilish kind of men that dwell among us in this our town of London. So they, too, went away, Jack being restored to liis own garments, though his purse, containing four or five guineas, was not in liis pocket. And now the house was empty. The crowd had broken up and gone away, but the neighbours still gathered about, talking over the strange business of the morning. Presently, they began to look in at the open door. There were no sounds or sign of occupation. Then they opened the doors of the rooms and looked curiously about them. The lower rooms were furnished with benches and tables, the wainscot walls gaping where the wood had shrunk, and the floors made brown with soot and small beer, to hide the dirt. There was a kitchen, with a pot and frying-pan, and some pewter dishes, tin pannikins and some remains of food, and, which was much more to the purpose, there was a small cask of rum, three-fourths full. The neighbours made haste to taste the nun provided, being curious to discover whether it was a stronger and more generous liquor than that to which they were them selves accustomed. In a few minutes the rumour of this cask spread to right and left along the street, and every body hastened to taste the rum, and continued to taste it, until there was no more left. It was strong enough and generous enough to send them away with staggering legs and fuddled brains. Upstairs there were bedrooms with flock mattresses laid upon the floor, and in one room there were rings and staples and chains fixed in the wall for safely securing mutinous recruits. But all the rooms were foul and filthy. When the neighbours went out. the boys came in and took possession joyfully, with no one to check or hinder their mischief. Never before had hoys such a chance. When they left the house there was not a whole pane of glass left in the windows, nor a bench, chair, or table that was not broken, nor any single thing left that could be carried away. Next day the 'Captain' — that is, the worthy dealer in curiosities, of Leman-street, Mr. Jonathan llayment— him self walked over to Wapping, in order to inquire into the health and welfare of his recruits and their numbers ; he was also anxious to know what had happened in the adven ture with the King's officer. You may understand his surprise and dismay when he found everybody gone and everything broken. They had even torn away the wooden banisters of the stairs and ripped up the wooden steps. Nothing was left at all— not even those poor, helpless creatures, the 'prentice and the Parson. Where could they be ? He did not dare to ask. Something terrible had happened. As for himself, he hurried home to hide himself in his shop until the danger was over. A curse upon Aaron Fletcher, and on his own foolishness, in suffering his men to meddle with Aaron's private quarrels ! And a good business now broken up and destroyed ; for how could the house be carried on without his men ? He looked to hear an account of his men in the Gazette ; how they were brought before the Lord Mayor and charged with highway robbery, and even sent to Newgate for trial. Strange ! There was nothing. Nor did this worthy trades man ever learn what had happened, for Aaron could tel him nothing, except that the Lieutenant had escaped; and he never dared venture to ask in Wapping. But he lost his servants and his recruits, and for a long time the business of crimping in those parts languished. One thing remains to be told about this eventful day. In the evening, work being over, Aaron Fletcher was sitting alone, his pipe in his mouth, in the cottage where he lived, at the gates of his boat-building yard. He was in good spirits because the Lieutenant was reported missing. Per haps he was dead. It would be the best thing in the world if he was dead. What then ? No one could say that he had any hand in it. 'Aaron!' cried a voice he knew; ' Aaron Fletcher, open the door ! ' He dropped his pipe and turned pale, and his teeth chattered. It was the Lieutenant's voice, and he thought it sounded hollow. He was dead, then, and this was his ghost come to plague him. Aaron was a man of courage^ hut he was not prepared to tackle a ghost. ' Aaron,' the voice repeated, 'open the door, or I will break it in, ye murderous villain ! Open the door, I say!' Aaron obeyed, his cheeks ashy't white, and his heart In his hoots. It was no ghost, however, but tho Lieutenant in tlie flesh, tall and gallant, and apparently none the worse lx tr the night's adventure, who walked in, followed by J£r. Brinjes. He was arrayed in his great wig and velvet coa t, in honour of the Club 'whither he was going. This splen dour added weight to the words which followed. '?Aaron,' said the Lieutenant, 'or Cain, the murderer, if you like the name better : there was, last night, a purs e in my pocket containing, as near as I can remember, th e sum of five guineas and a crown. Your friends have taken it from me. Give me back those five guineas and th:at crown.' ' What friends ? I know nothing about any friends or any five guineas! What mean you? I know nothing about the matter. It was not I that knocked you on tlie head, Lieutenant.' 'Why — see— you are self-convicted and condemned! 'Who spoke of knocking on the head? How should you know what was done, unless you were one of them V Five guineas, Aaron, and a crown, or' — here he swore a great oath — ' you go before the magistrate to-morrow with your friends the crimp's men and answer to the charge of lngh way robbery, and thenoe to Newgate. And so, in due time' to Tyburn in a comfortable cart. Five'guineas, Aaron.' He held out his hand inexorably, while Aaron trembled. This man was worse than any ghost. h ' Pay the money, Aaron,' said Mr. Brinjes, ' and I thank your good fortune that you have so far got, off :;o I cheap. So far, Aaron. Not that wo havo done with you. Look for misfortune, frj^ud Aaron.' He said thin so solemnly that it; sounded like a prophecy. ' Men who get | criuips to rob for them and kidnap for them cannot hope to prosper. Therefore, cxpect, misfortuue. Y-m have many irons in the fire ; you can bo attacked on many sides ; you build boats, you run across to the. French coast, you'aell your smuggled lace and brandy. Misfortunes of all kinds may happen to such as you. But you must pay this money, - or else you will swing; you will swing, friend Aaron ; and when you have paid it do not think to escape more trouble. I say not that it. will be rheumatism, or sciatica, or lumbago, all of which lay a man on his back and twist his limbs, and pinch and torture. Perhaps ? but look out for trouble.' Aaron lugged out his purse and counted five guineas, which he handed over to Jack without a word. ' What r' cried Mr. Brinjes, his eyes like a red-hot coal, the Lieutenant forgives you, and you think you are going to escape scot-free ! Not so, Aaron, not so ; there are many punishments for such as you. 1 know not yet but you must «wing for this, in spite of this forgiveness. .Many punish ments there are. 1 know not, yet, what yours' shall bo. Come, Lieutenant, leave him to dream of Newgate.' 