VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB.— CAULFIELD CUP MEETING. fFROM OUR MELBOURNE CORKESFONDENT. Saturday evening. Although unfortunate in the weather on Guineas Day, tho V.A.T.C. Comniitteo wore re compensed by a delightful day for their big event of tho year the— Caulfield Cup. Tho morn- ing broke warm and balmy, with fleecy clouds, flitting athworth the sky, and the day was. ono that could not fail, couplod with a big pro gramme, to draw au immense crowd to the Caulfield courso. His Excellency tho Governor and suite arrived in time for the first race, and remained throughout tho afternoon. The at tendance" mustered bo quickly that before the Selling Raco was run it bocarao evident that tho accommodation hi tho stgndB was inadequate, and some additions must ho mado. Tho first event 011 tho card was the Sellinq Race. — Of 1QQ save. Five furlpiigs. Mr Oxenhain's Toronto... .., (Gerry) I Mr Wluttingham's Honora ... (Power) 2 Mr M'Auioy'a 'Cichhorqo ... (Ettndgo) o Tlie other starters were The Baron, Mis- take, Setiwoed, Oadlnnd, Land Shark, grida, Ariel arid Rouge etNoir. Latest flatting : 3 to I agaiust Honora, 5 to 1 Mistake, b to 1 Tlie Baron, Tichborne and Toronto, 7 to 1 Ariel. Soino difficulty was oxperioncod in gotting tho field away, but after two false starts they woro sent off in indifferent order, Land tdrnrk and Molcagrida beiug loft at tho post. Cadland was the first to allow in front, but A.riol wont for ward at the side, RougootNoir, Honora and Seaweed showing prominontly. Rounding the turn Seaweed went to the front, Honora, Ariel and Toronto coming noxt in order. Honora, on the outside, led into tho straight by a clear lenuth and Toronto took up third position. Tho violet and gold colours of Osonham tlion began to show prominently, and Toronto coming very fast won by a length and a half. Mistake was fourth, Ariel fifth, and Tho Baron Bixth. Time— CaulfieoStakes.— Of 200 sovb. — Ono mile and a furlong. /rv ' \ 1 Mr M. Locko's Isonnmy (Uuinn) 1 Mr O. Inglis' Malun ... (Owner) -8 Mr W. D. Robertson's TheNdn-.-.. (Fiddos) 3 Tho other starters were : — Young Horatio, Sheet Anchor, Graco Darling, Highland Chief, Opal, Retort. Latest betting.; Even money Mulua ; 5 to 1 Isonoiny, Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling. The flag fell to a splendid start, Isonoiny being the first away, with Grace Darling next, and Malua on the inside, with Retort next. Malua then wont to tho front, and led nlong tho back of tho course, with Highland Chief next. The latter, however, soon dropped back, and Opal was running last at the lialf-jnile post. High land Chief camo ' again, and assumed tho lend, but Isonoiny wns now coming very fast on the inside, and at tho Bide Graco Darling also came with a rush. Iaunomy improved his position, and at tho turn hnd a slight lead from Malua, but entering the straight Malua again took tho loud, looking like a winner, with Grace Darling and Isonomy " riext. ip .ordor. . Hsonomy again camo very fast, and won by three-quarters of a length, Sheet Anchor fourth, Graco Darling and Highland Chief being next. Time, 2 mill. 13f see. - Nursery Handicap. — Of. 150soys. CFour fur longs and a half. Mr Chissoidla Lady. . Lovoll (Robertson) 1 Mr Macdonaid'a Hortenso ..... (Campbell) 2 Mr Pearsons' Bedouin (Power) 3 The other 'starters - were Epicurean, Fire- brace, Jesubite, Lord Allen,. Bugler, Glentworth, Citadel, Probation, Murmur, St. Michael, Albert Loddon, Julian Gray, Golden Fleece, Nectarine, and The Dreamer. Latest betting: 2 to 1 Hortense, 6 to 1 Epicurean, 8 to 1 Firobrucc, 10 to 1 to 20 to 1 others. Tlie field was sent away to an indifferent start, Julian Gray,' and Firebraco haying a slight ad vantage. Bedouin and Probation came noxt, and the favorite took up a position on the inside. Coming into the straight thq Hon. \V. Pearson's colours showed prominently, Bedouin coming very fast-, and the scarlet and white of Lady Lovell looked dangerous. The little brown- filly come with a rush, and -half-way 'down' the straight had secured substantial lead. Tho favorite wqs then brought under the whip, but too latest and Lady Lovell won by half a neck, two lengths separating second and third. Time — 57sec. The Caulfield Cut.— A handicap of loQQsovs. 1000 aovs. of tlio said sum to gd to tlio first horse, 300 sovs. to the .second, and 200 sovs. to tho third. One' mile arid a half. Mr Strickland's Ben Bolt, 7st G lbs ... ... 1 Mr Sadlier's Silvermiiin, 8st 2 'Mr Lqughlin's Britisher, 8st 2lbs 3 The other starters were . — Boolkn, Zeno, Remus, St. Jolm,_Burrilda, Lesbiu, Recall, The Levite, Bonnie.Duon, Tarpeia, Mentmoro, First Consul, lslandijr.! 'Latest bettiiig : 4 to 1 Silver- mine, 5 to 1 (Britisher, 7 to 1 Boolka, and Recall, 10 to 1'Bqn Bolt, 12 to 1 Mentinore, 14 to 1 St. John, :15 to 1 Lesbia and First Consul,' 20 to 25 to 1 others. There was considerable difficulty at the afert owing to the antics of Mill- stream, Tarpeiq and Ben' Bolt. St. John and Zono were the first to get away from an in different start ; MiHstroam being last. Boolka then took up (the running, and led past the stand, followed by Lesbia and The Levite, with Islander, Ben Bolt, St. John and Zer.o in a bunch. Millstream ran out at the turn, and Jim Cain ran off, making for tho stablo, but fell, throwing his rider. Millstream waB now last, but Tarpeia immediately dropped into the rear, Boolka made the running along tho side, followed by Mentmore, St. John, Britisher, and Recall, the latter going up par ticularly fast, but Boolka had a decided lead at the back, whero Recall began to go up. Boolka then eased off, and Recall wont to tho front, arid led to the sod wall, with Boolka Britisher, Lesbia, and St. John close up. After passing the sod wall, it was seen that Boolka was beaten, while the favourite did not get beyond the middlo;divisiou up to this. Britisher then took up the running, and led to the turn, whero Bonnie D0011 came very fast and as sumed the leadership. Tho favourite now began to crup up, and got into fifth place, but was unable to guy more. Ben Bolt now made his effort ; Britisher wcrit to the front again, but coining to the straight he. wns challenged, and after a magnificent finish, was beaten by Ben Bolt by a short . neck, a loiig neck - separating a second nnd third. Recall' was fourth, and Lesbia, St. Jqim,_ Remus, Tho Levite, came next in the order'.. named. Time, 2 min 42 see. ; — - Open HandiC/Jp Steeplechase./ — Of 250 sovs. — About twojiniles and a half. Continent '... !.. ; ;... (Gardner) 1 Irishman L.. ' ... ... (Watson) 2 Havelock !!.. v.. /' ... (Malone) 2 The other starters ' were : — Lady . Ashton, Blackthorn, Lady" Carrington, Terang, Brown Eagle, Moonlight,- -Viotor, and Sir Samuel. Latest betting : 4 to 1 against Havelock, Black thorn, and Sir Samuel ; 5 to 1 Lady Ashton and Irishman ; 8 to 1 to 10 to 1 otherB. The, flag foil. t6 an;uveri Btart, and the /first fence was taken inline. Torang led over the logs past tho stand. Sir Sainuol ; and Lady Carrington went to the'.front along the side, but Terang going forward took up a strong lead along the back Sir Samuel, Lady .Carrington, Blnckthori), and Brown Eagle coining next in order- At the, fence approaching tlie sod wall. Victor fell. Terang, Brown Eagle, Sir Samuel, and Lady Carrington then began to . string out in the order named. At the 'first of the four, the order wis Terang, Blackthorn, - Sir Samuel, Lady Carrington. Her Ladyship thon went to the front, and led over the logs, when Sir Samuel fell heavily. Round the back the order was Lady Carrington, Irishman, Lady Ashton, Moonlight. At the sod wall Contingent challenged Lady Carrington and took up the running, with. Blackthorn in third place, Havelock being eight lengthe further off. Contingent led into tlie straight, and Irishman mado an effort, but, without avail. Won easily by 10 lengths. Tithe 5 min. 28J sec. Windsor Handicap.— Of 150 sovs. Six;, fur longs. DonGiovnn '. >' (G.'JohnBton) 1 William Toll ... ... (Olds) 2 Toronto...' .; (Gorry) 3 . The flag was lowered to an admirable start, but William Tell was soon in front, and carriod on the running at a good pace having the field apparently at his mercy. At tho distance, however, he was trickled by Don Giovan, who, after a fino raco, beat.him by n length. Toronto was third, CestuB fourth, and Tho Ghost fifth. Time — 1 rain. 17 sees. A colonial dancing fomnle has received rather a sorious check in Wellington, Now Zealand. A young woman went thoro to a hop, while her husband sat at homo with his head against the wall and hold tho baby. After some hours, however, being unablo to sooth the littlo fellow, ho went to tho hall, and asked his fond partnor to return, wlioreupon sho told liiin to go to Greece and loavo hor to lior onjoyment. Half- an-liour afterwards tho fathor solomnly wheeled a perambulator amiss tlie liall, and ran his squalling brat right into the quadrille wlioro his wifo was disporting herself. Then I10 yellod out, "Mary, here's tho baby ; lio's hungry," and walked out. Sho has not been to a danco sinco. Tho ' Cologuo Gazette ' says that tho Minister of Public Instruction has dccidod that woman shall not bo admitted as studonts to any of tho Prussian Universities, or permitted to attend the lectures. Working like a Ilorso. — Lawyer drawing a oonvoyanoo. Feline Amenities. — First Lady — "Look, dear. There's your husband going into suppor with Mrs Soudamoro— a dangerously attractive woman. Let mo warn you." Second Lady — How good of you. How I wish he wns going in to suppor with- you, deaf; instead, "j- - - Lady Bcautifycrs. — Ladies, you cannot make fair skin, rosy cheeks, and sparkling eyes with all the cosmcticB of France, or benntifiers of the world, while in poor health, and nothing will give you such rich lilood, good health, strength, and beauty as Hop Bitters, American Co. 's make. A trial is certain proof. See. 