' SEEING how universal the custom has be. come to announce times ot Christian worship by bell-ringing, the invention patented by Mr. Jensen for an eleotrio bell system may perhaps be regarded as one which will pro- duced some novel revolutions. By tho system for which be olaims merit, it is pro- posed to introduce electric bells for use in church towers, alarm túrrete, and similar situations. The gong is of the ordinary church-bell pattern, and the coil, armature and hammer are all contained inside it, pro- viding an efficient protection from dust. It ie claimed that the invention will very much I lighten the work of " the old established bell ringer," all that will be necessary for him to do being to press »key at regular intervals, or a small motor could be driven by the battery which would automatically complete the bell-circuit at the requisite rate. With bells of this type, too, one bellringer could ring a whole peal by alternately pressing the proper keys. Whether this method will be- come of universal use remains to be seen, and Although there is much to be said in itt favour, one may expect the ghosts of all the "Scrooges" to rise up in indignant protest at this violation of their rights. It is not unfair to think the whole generation of clergy will declare themselves in its favour. Fancy the freedom it would give them, and the luxurious ease with which thev could, on a cold frosty morning, lie snugly ensconced between the blanket, energetically jobbing a small key, listening to the result of their exertions, until it became neces- sary to be " up and doing " in a Bphere where the work could not oe performed hy an electrical machine. On the other hand, one shudders at the thought of wedding pealé being rung by a poor man frantically en- deavouring, BO to speak, to push his fingers through the wall, m place of by the six or more jolly, weather-beaten bellringers as- sembled in the belfry pulling away at the ropes as if the work were a labour of love- nothing more. There may be a great deal to recom- j mend the invention, but a radical change will be necessary in a great many minde before it will supersede in fancy the " old-established bellringer." , 