COLEKAlBfE. (feom ode ovrs coeeespoxdett.) Jnly 2. uii jLucsuay evening ine animal general meeting of the Coleraine Debating Club was held in the Mechanics' HalL The Rev. TV. J . Gillespie presided, and the attendance of members was fair. The report of the retiring committee disclosed that the clnb have dine gooa wors. aurrng the past year. Special mention is made of the two excellent pspera which were contributed by members, tbe one from the pen of the Rev. TV. J. Gillespie, on "Capital Punishment — should it be Abol ished f and the other by Mr. A. G. Mac- farlane, " The Early English Parliament/' Neither of the gentlemen named could wish for more appreciative hearers than those to whom the papers were read. Yet it seems a pity that such meritorious productions, as these essays undoubtedly are, were not more extensively enjoyed. The report shows that tbe interest has been chiefly centered in the Parliamentary debates held during the year. The subjects chosen were of current interest at the time they were discussed, and the ventilation given to them has been profitable to all concerned. The work ot the past "session" includes the passing of an Income Tax Bill, a Bache lor Tax Bill, and an Irrigation BilL Besides this, Intercolonial Free trade has been es tablished ; the " House " has affirmed the principle of giving Home Rule to Ireland, and also the desirability of abolishing tbe oath from Parliament and from the Law Courts. This is not a bad record, and compares very favourably with that of " another place." The report, and a satis factory financial statement wbich was also submitted, were unanimously adopted, and the election of office-bearers for the eusning year was proceeded with. The result is as follows : —President, Rev. W, J. Gillespie ; vice-president, Rev. C. L. BL Rnpp and Mr. J. TV. Traugmar; hon. secretary and trea surer, Mr. A. M'Farlsne; committee, Dr. Connor, Messrs. James, L. W. Lesser, Reay and J. M. Gillespie. Several votes of thanks were passed and the annnal meeting cbised. An ordinary meeting was held immediately afterwards, and the re mainder of the evening pleasantly spent in hearing readings contributed by members. This is the first Friday in the month, and, (.wiuiug lu uur rules, toe cnampion ineuai of the Coleraine Rifle Club sbonld be fired for. Yet I don't hear the subject men tioned. The deadlock which has practically been placed on tbe ammunition has tended: greatly to dishearten onr shootists, and tbe interest in rifle practice is clearly on the wane. This is not a - good state of things. TVhen the authorities of the Defence Department comes to its senses and sets about the task of reviving an interest, which, with better management, need never have been impaired, they will meet with many difficulties. It is easy enough to throw cold water on any undertaking, but it is not neatly so simple a task to convert indifference into enthusiasm. Perhaps, however, somebody will go out and shoot for the Coleraine champion trophy to day, and as two of onr leading men (Messrs. J ames and Lesser) are away,' helping to re- : present the district at Ballarat, there might be a soft thing for a wily shootist who would like to wear the medal. Your Mr. Melville is announced to lecture at Coleraine during next woek, and after the favourable notice he has already-received in the Spectator, we will be all interested to hear him. Mr. Melville sbonld feed eapeci- ouv uuuuiireu in uiimmg lurnmu .uuuuniav auspices of the ladies . of. the Presbyterian Church." Mr. W. Moodie, of TVando Dale, has re turned from his Queensland tour and passed through Coleraine, homeward hound, during this week. I had not the (pleasure of seeing Mr. Moodie, bat it is. said. that he looks nothing tbe worse for his ifew weeks " rough, ing it " in the wilds of the Northern colony. No sign of the ghost. 