[CONTINUED FROM SATURDAY' SUPPLEMENT.] UNDER FALSE PRETENCES. A NOVEL BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of " Jacobi's Wife," " Martin Deveril's Diamond," etc., SYN01?3I3 OS" PfcliVIOUS CHAPTERS Ohaptbs 1. Thk Prologue.—Edwarl Luttroll, a wealthy Englishman, with his wife an J child, take up their residence at San Stefano. Hera another child is born to ihera, an ! a nurso, Vincanza Vusari, is engaged to nucaa it. Sho, unknown to tho pareata, is tho mother of twins, one of whom dies. Af:er an illness, Mrs Ijuttrell asks to boo hor boy, but on the child b-sing put in'o her arm* she c >cc ives a strong avor^iou to it, laying it is Vincenzi's child and not heri. Her an tipathias are treated as thoso of i mono maniac, and ultimately her hatred is overcome. Mr Luttrel . died when the child was about fifteen years old About this time tho mother of Vinconz i onfesses to a priest that the children have baen oh mged, and the real child of Mr Luttrell, passing under the name of Dino Vasaari, is taken into the monastery of San Stefano. Ohaftek II. introduces the reader to Richird Luttrell, now a man cf 28, and Brian Luttrell, aged 20. Tho former dia covors that a systom of robbery has been carried on by a scapagrace c rnsiu, Hugo LuttroU, whom ho th?i*ahoa uumurciftilly Chapters III. and IV.—Hugo, crushod ani wounded, rejects the comfort offerod him by Angola Vivian, who is betrothed to Richird Lut troll. Tho quarrel between Richard and rian on account of the former's severity to Hu^o is made up between them. Tho same diy, however, when out shooting Brian accidentally shoots h's brother, whilst aiming at a bird Others of the party fancied thoy heard two shots fired. On the news being conveyed to Mrs. Ijuttiell, «lie ac- usu Brian of boing hisbrotiler'amurderor, whichhe em phatically denies. CHAPTER V. THE DEAD .MAN'S TESTIMONY. About ten o'clock at night Hugo Luttrell was seen entering the courtyard at tho back of the house, where keepers, grooms, and indoor servants were collected in a group, discussing in low tones the even a of the day. Seeing these persona, he seemed inclined to go back by tho way that hu had come ; but ilie butler— an old Englishman who had been in the Luttrell family before Edwad Luttrell ever thought ot marrying a Scotch heiress and settling for the greater part of every year at Nethergleu—this said butler, whose name was William Whale, cmght aight of the young fellow and accosted him by name. " Mr. Hugo, sir, there's been many inquiries after you," he began in a lugubrious tone of voice. "(Aftermo, William?" Hitgolooked frightened and uneasy. " What for ?" " You won't have heard of the calamity that has coine upon the house," said William, shaking his head solemnly ; " and it will be a great shook to you, no doubt, sir ; a terrible shcck. Stand back, you men, there ; let Mr. Hugo piss. Come into the housekeeper's room, sir. There's a fire in it; tho night has turned chilly, (jo softly, if you please, sir." Hugo followed the old man without another question. He looked haggard and wearied ; his slothes were wet, torn and soiled ; his very hair tvas damp, and his boots wore soake 1 and burst as though from a long day's tramp. Mrs. Shai p, the housekeeper, with whom he was a favourite, uttered a startled exclamation at his appearance. _ "Guid guide us, sirs ! and whaur hao ye been hidiu' yoursel' a' this day an' nicht, Mr. Hugo ? We've haen sair troublo i' th' hoose, and aaebody lcent your whaurabouts. Bairn ! but ye're just droukit? AVhaur hae you hidden yoursel' then ?" " Hidden I" Hugo repeated, catching at one of the good Woman's words and ignoring the others. " I've not hidden anywhere. I've been over tho hills a bit—that's all. What is the matter ?" He seated himself in the old woman'scushioned chair, and leanod forward to warm himself at the fire as he spoke, holding out firs', one hand and then tho other to the leaping blaze. " How will I tell you?" said Mrs. Shairp, relapsing into tho tears she had boen sheddiug for the last two hours or more. "Is it possible that ye've heard naething ava ? The laird— Netherglen himsel'—oor maister—and have you heard naething aboot him as you cam doun by tho muir? I'd hae thocht shame to lot you gaug hame unkent, if I had boen Jcney Bums at the lodge." "I did not come that way," said Hugo im patiently, " What iB the matter with the laird ?" " Maitter?—maitter wi' the laird? The laird's deid, laddie, and a gude freend Was lie to me and mine, and j7our ain self forbye, and the hale kintra side will l>e at the bu-yiu'," said the housekeeper, shaking her head solemnly. "An' if that wcrena enow for my poor mistress there's a waur thing to follow. The laird's fa'en by his ain brither's han's. Mr. Brian shot him this verra nicht, as they cam' thro' the wud." " By mistake, Mrs. Shairp, by mistake," murmured William VVhaK But Hugo lifted his haggard face, which looked very pale in the glow of tho firelight. " You can't mean what you aro saying," he said in a hoarse, unnatural voice. "Richard? Richard—dead! Oh, it must be impossible !'' "True, sir, as gospel," said Mrs Shairp, touched by the ring of pain that came into the young man's voice as he spoke. " At half-past eight, by the clock, they brought the laird home stiff and stark, cauld as a stane a'ready. . The mistress is clean daft wi' sorrow j an1 I doot but Mr. Brian will hao a sair time o't wi' her and the bonny young leddy that's left ahent. Hugo dropped his face into his hands and did not answer. A shudder ran through hia frame moro than once. Mrs. Shairp thought that ho was shedding tears, and motioned to William Whale, who had been standing near the door wi h a napkin over his arm, to leave the room. William retired, shutting the door softly bohind him. Presently Hugo spoke. " Tell me about it," he said. And Mrs. Shairp was only too happy to pour into his ears the whole story as sho had learned it from the keeper who had come upon the scene just after the firing of the fatal shot. :He listur.81 almost in silence, but did not un cover his face. " And his mother ?" he asked at length. Mrs. Shairp could say little about the laird's mother. It was Dr. Muir who had told her the truth, she said, and the whole house had heard her cry out as if she had been struck. Then Miss Vivian had gone to her, and had received the news from Mrs. Luttrell's own lips. They had gouo together to look at Richard's face, and then Miss Vivian fainted, and had been carried into Mrs. Lut'rcll's own room, where she was to spend the night. So much Mrs. Shairp kuew, and nothing more. " And whero 13 Brian ?" " Whaur should he be?" demanded the old woman, with somo asp rity. " Whaur but in'a ain room, sair cast doun for tho ill he has dune." " It was not his fault," said Hugo quickly. " Maybe no," replied Mrs. Shairp, with re serve. " Maybe ay, maybe no; it's just tho question—though I wadna liko to think that the lad meant to harm his brother." " Who does think so ?" "I'm no saying that onybody thinks sae. Mr Brian was aye a kind hearted lad an a bonny, but never a lucky ane, sae lang as I hae kent him, which will be twenty years gane at Ma' ti'mas. I cam' at the term." Hugo scarcely listened to her. He rose up 'with a strange, scared look upon his face, and .'walked nnstoidily out of tho room, without a word of thanks to Mrs. Shairp for her com munications. Before sho had recovered from her astonishment, he was far down the corridor | on his way to tho other por.ion of the house. In which room had thry laid Richard Lut trell ? Hugo remembered with a shiver that ho had not asked. He glanced round the hall *ith a thrill of nervous apprehension. The drawing-room and dining-room doors stood open ; they were in darkne33. The little morning-room door was also slightly ajar, but a dim light seemed to be burning inside. It must be in that room, Hugo decided, that Richard Lut trell lay. Should he go in ? No, he dare not. He could not look upon Richard Lutt-ell's dead face. And yet he hesitated, drawn by a curious fascination towards that half-open door. While ho waited the door was slowly opened from tho inside, and a hand appeared clasping tho edgo of the door. A horrible fancy seized Hugo that Richard had risen from his bed and was coming out into the hall; that Richard's fingers were bent round the edge of the open door. He longed to fly, but his knees trembled ; he could no-, move. He stood rooted to the spot with unreasoning terror, until the dooi opened still more widely, and tho person whe had been standing in the room came out. It was no ghostly Richard, sallying forth to up braid Hugo for his misdeeds. It was Brian Luttrell who turned bis pale face towards the boy as he passed through the hall. Hugo cowered before him. He sank down or the lower steps of tho wide staircase and hid his face in his hands. Brian, who had beer passing him by without remark, seemed sud clenly to recollect himself, and stopped ahorl before his cousin. The lad's shrinking attitud< touched him with pity. "You are right to come back," he said, in £ voice ^rhieh, although abstracted, waa Btrangelj cal 11. "He told you to leave the house for over did he not? But I think that—now—he would ra her that yon stayed. He told me that I might do for what you I chose." The lad'a head was bent still lower. He did not say a word. " So," said Brian, leaning against the great oak bannisters as if he wore utterly exhausted by fatigue, "so—if you stay—you will only be doing—what perhaps lie wishes now. You need not be afraid." "You are the master—now," niUrmurei Hugo from between his fingers. It was the 1 >st speech that Brian would have expected to hear from his cousin's lips. It out him to the heart. ''Djn'fc say so!" lis o ied in a stifled voice. "Good God I to think that I—/—should profit by brother's death!" And Hugo, lif ing up his head, saw that the young man's • f-ame was shaken by shuddering horror from head to foot "Ishall never bo master here," he said. Hugo raised his head with a look of wonder. Briau's feeling wa3 quite incomprehensible to him. "He was always a good brother to me," Brian we it on in a shaken voica, more to himself than to his cousin, " and a kind friend to you so long as you kept straight and did not disgrace its by your conduct. You had no right 10 complain whatever he might do or say to you. You ought to mourn for him—you ought to regrei him bitterly—bitterly—while I—I " "Do not you mourn for liim then?" said Hugo, when the pause that followed Brian's speech had bonntne insupportable to him. "If I were only inliis placrf I should bshappy," said Brian passionately. Then he turned upon Hugo with something like fierceness but it was the fierceness of a prolonged and half-suppressed agony of pain. "Do you feel nothing ? Do you come into his house, knowing that he is dead, and have not a wdrrl df sdrrow for your own be haviour to him while he lived? Come wi h me and look at him—look at his face and remember what he did for you when you were a boy— what he has done for you during the last eight years." He seized Hugo by the arm and compelled him to rise; but the lad, with a face blanched by terror, absolutely refused to move from the spot. "Not to-night—I can't—I can't!" he said, his dark eyes diliating and hi3 very lips turning white with fear. " To morrow, Brian—-not to night." B it Brian briefly answered, "Come," and tightened his grasp on the lad's a-m. And Hugo, though trembling like an aspen leaf, yielded to that iron pressure, and followed him to the room where lay all that was mortalof Richard Luttrell. Once inside t he door, Brian dropped his cousin's ar-n, and seemed to forget his presence. He slowly removed the oovering from the dead face and placed a Caudle so that the light fell upon it. Then he walked to the foot of the table, which served the purpose of a bier, and looked long and earnestly at the marble features, so changed so passionless, and calm in the repose of death ! Terrible, indeed, was the sight to ono who had sincerely loved Richard Luttrell—the strong min, full of lusty health and vigour, desirous of life, fortunate in the possession of Ml that makes life worth living, only a few sho. t hours before; now silent, motionless ior ever, struck down in the hey- day of youth and strength, and by a bro ther's hand ! Brian had but spoken the truth when he said that he would gladly change his oWU fate for that of his brother Richard. He for got Hugo and the reason for which he had brought him to that room, he forgot everything excep- his own unavailing sorrow, his inextin guishablo regret. Hugo remained where his cousin had left him. leaning against the wall, seemingly incapable of speeeh or motion, overcome by a superstitious teiror of death, which Brian was as far from suspecting as of comprehending. In the utter silence of the house they could hear the distant stable-clock strike eleven. The wind was rising, and blew in fitful gusts, rustling the branches of the trees, and causing a loose ro3e-branch to tap carelessly against the window panes. It sounded like the knock of someone anxious to come in. Thecaudlesflickeredaudguttered in the draught; the wavering light cast strange shadows over the dead man's face. You might hive thought that his features moved from time to time; that now he frowned at the intruders, and now he smiled at them—a terrible, ghastly smile. The-o-wasa footstep at the door. It was Mrs Luttrell who came gliding in with her pale face, and her long black robes, to take her place at her dead sou's side. She had though} that she must come and assure herself crnce more that he was really gone from her. Sho meant to look at him for a little while, to kiss his cold forehead, and then to go back to Angela and try to sleep. She took no notice of Brian, nor of Hugo ; she drew a chair close to the long table upon which the still, white form wa3 stroched, seated herself, and looked steadfastly at the uncovered face. Brian started at the sight of his mother ; he glanced at her pleadingly, as if he would have spoken; but the rigidity of her face repelled him. Ho hung his head and turned a little from her, as though 'o steal away. Suddenly a terrible voice rang through the room. " Look !" cried the mother, pointing with one finger to the lifeless form, and raising her eyes for the first time to Brian's face—"look there ?" Brian looked, and flinched from the sight ho saw. For a strange thing had happened. Although not actually unusual, it had never before come withiu the experience of any of these watchers of the dead, and thus it suggested to them nothing but the old superstition which In old tlnles caused a supposed murderer to be brought face to face with the man he was accused of having killed. A drop of blood was trickling from the nostril of^the dead man, anil losing itself in the thick, black moustache upon his upper lip. It was followed by another or two, and thou it strayed. The mother did not speak again. Her hand sank ; her eyes were riveted upon Briau's face with a mute reproach. And Brian, although he knew well enough in his sober senses that the phenomenon they had just seen was merely caused by the breaking of some smallblood vessol in the brain, such as often occurs after death, was so far dominated by the impression of the moment that he walked out of the room, not not daring <o justify himself in his mother'seyes, not daringto raischishead. AfterhimcreptHugo, whose teeth chattered a3 though he were suffering from au ague; but Brian took no more notice of his cousin. He went s'raight to his own room and looked himself in, to bear his louely sorrow as best he might. No formal inquiry was made into the cause of Richard Luttrell's death. Archie Grant's testimony completely exonerated Brian, even of carelessness, and the geuer.il opinion was that 110 positive blame could bo attached to anybody for the sad occurrence, and that Mr Brian Lut trell had the full sympathy aud rcspeot of all who knew him and had known his lamented brother, Richard Lutrrell of Netherglen. So the matter ended. But idle tongues still wagged, and wise heads were shaken over the circumstances attending Richard Luttrell's death. It was partly Mrs Luttrell's fault. In the firs', hours of her bereavement she had spoken wildly and bit'erly of the share which Brian had had in causing Richard's dea'h. She had spoken to Doctor Muir, to Angela, to Mrs Shairp —a few words only to each, but enough to show in what direction her thoughts were tending. With the first two her words were sacred, but Mr3 Shairp, though kindly enough, was not so trustworthy. Before the good woman rea'ised what she was doing, the whole household, nay, the whole country side, Ijad learned that Mrs LutTcll be lieved her seci'md sou to have fired that fatal shot wi h the intention of killing, or at least of maiming, his brother Richard. The Grants, who had spent 'he day of the ac cident at Netherglen, were, of course, eagerly questioned by iuquisi ive acquaintances. The girls were ready enough to chatter. They con fided to their intimate friends in mj'sterious whispers that the brothers had certainly not been on good terms; they had glowered at one another, and caught each other up and been positively rude to each other, and thej' would not go out together; and poor M r Luttrell looked so worried, so unlike himself! Then the brothers were interrogated, but proved lesa easy to "draw." Archie fliw into a rage at the uo'-ion of sinister ihceutions on Brian's part.1 Donald looked "dour," and lUfcly refused to discuss the sub ject. But his refusal was though', •vastly sus picious by the many wiseacres who knew the business of everybody better than their own. And the rumour waxed and spread. During the days before the funeral Biian saw almost no one. He lived shut up in his: own room, as his mother did in hers, and had inter views only with his lawyer and men who came on business. It was a sad and melancholy house in those days. Angela was invisible: whether it was she or Mrs Luttrell who was ill nobody could exactly say. Hugo wandeied about the lonely rooms, or shut himself up after the fashion of the other membets of the family, and looked like a ghost. After the first two days, Angela's only near relation, herb- other Rupert, was present in the house ; but ht3 society seemed not to be very acceptable to Hugo, and, finding tQat he was of no use, ev=n to bis sister, Mr. Vivian went back to England, and the house seemed quieter than ithadbeeu before. The funeral took place at last. When it was over, Brian came. home, said farewell to the guests, bad a lQjjg interview with Mr, Qol quhoiln, the solici or, and then seated himself ill the study with the air of a man who was re solved to take up the burden of his duties in a befitting spirit. His air was melancholy, but calm; he seemed aged by ten years since his brother's death. He dined with Hugo, Mr. Colquhoun and Dr. Muir, and exerted himself to talk of current topics with courtesy and in terest. But his weary face, his saddened eye?, and the long p-.iuses that occurred between his intervals of speech, produced a depressing ef fect upon hin gues a. Hugo was no morechcer ftil than his c.main. He watched Brian furtively from time to time, yet seemed afraid to meet his eye. His silence and depr ssion were so marked that the doctor afterwards remarked it to Mr. Colquhoun. " I did not* think that Mr. Hugo would take his cousin's death sq much to heart," he said. " Do you think he does?" asked Mr. Colqu houn drily. "I don't believe hc'3 got a heart, the young scamp. I found him myself in the wood, examining the bark of tho tree near which the accident took place, you know, on the morning after Richard's death, as cool as a cucumber. ' I was trying to make ou • how it happened,' he said to me, when I came up. 1 Brian must have shot very s'might.' I told him to go home and mind his own basiuess." '• Do you think what they soy. about Brian's intentions luvs any foundation ?" asked the doc tor. "Not a bit. B.iau's too tender-hearted for a thing of that sort. But the mother's very bitter about it. She's as hard as flint. It's a bad look out for Brian. He's a ruined man." "Not from a pecuniary point of view. The property goe3 to him." „ " Ye3, but he hasn't the strength to put up with the slights and the scandal which will go with it. Hehaa the pluck, but not tho physique. It's men like him that go out of their minds, or commit suicide, or die of heart-break —which you doctors call by some other name, of course—when the world's against them. He'll never stand it. Mark my words—Brian Lut trell won't be to the fore this time next year." ; " Where will he be, Colquhoun ? Come, come, Brian's a fellow with brains. He won't do 'any, thing rash." "He'll be in his grave," said the lawyer gloomily. " He'll be enjoying himself in the metropolis," said the doctor. " llo'll have a fine house and a pretty wife, and he'll laugh in our faces if we hint at your prophecies, Colquhoun. I should have had no respect at all for Brian Luttrcll if he threw away his own life because he had accidentally taken that of another man." " We shall see," said the lawyer. (To be continued.) 