THE CUP DAY. INTRODUCTORY DESCRIPTION. Year by year the attempt to describe the Melbourne Cup Day becomes more difficult, and it may be said im- practicable. Venturesome persons who have seen everything and been every- where except to Flemington at Cup time might undertake the task with a light heart, flattering themselves that printer's ink and paper can serve to reproduce the counterfeit presentment of yesterday's festival, of a huge multitude given over to the resolve to enjoy their grand annual holiday after the true Vic- torian fashion. Details, ever so minute, will never make up the picture. What cannot be reproduced is the spirit of the scene—the impalpable yet irresistible magnetism of the place and the day. The Roman emperor in the story shed tears, as the last of the dishes was re- moved from table, because he could not dine again until the morrow. Fortu- mately, perhaps, 364 prosaic days intervene between this morning and the next Cup Day, the next " feast of Saint Byron Moore," the Santa Claus of the Mel- bourne racing community. It is pos- sible, one asks one-self on Cup morn- ing, that Collins-street will ever settle itself down to every-day life again? The very look of things, inanimate as well as animate, is transformed somehow. All suggestions of trade or business seem an impertinence. As one walks down the principal streets shop doors are open here and there, and one shudders at the thought that sordid persons should descend to selling goods on such a day as this. A few wretched men are grouped on the steps of the Exchange, but what is the Exchange? what are the Collins-street banks, with their poor suggestions of treasure?—but impertinences too, when everybody is bound to Flemington to assist at the winning and losing of mil- lions, more or less? Even the cab and carriage horses seem to carry themselves as if they knew that this was their day, and that their thoroughbred relatives were, for once, of as much importance as man and woman kind. This morning our four-footed equals, we may conclude, pity the weary tram cars, toiling and perspiring under the loads of passengers who have been making their way to Spencer-street station since 9 o'clock. The pro- cession thither, on wheels and on foot, has gone on all the morning. The station doors engulf their thousands, and the railway authorities invoice them to the authorities at Flemington. The elaborate painted and printed directions about buy- ing tickets and finding one's way, and the courteous and patient way in which the railway officals take people in hand, have a most wholesome effect in taming the crowd. One feels that, as one of a crowd, one must be a helpless idiot, prone to suicide and so forth ; that Mr. Speight knows it, and that one had better submit at once. The characteristic of yesterday's " journey down," was that two hours before the first race, the crush on the Spencer-street platform was like what the crush to get away from Flemington platform had been on former Cup days. Once arrived at the course, the race- goer imagines that the straggling summer palace and park which the V.R.C. has constructed on the hillside at Fleming- ton will never be filled up to overflowing. The first impression on arriving at the enclosure by road or rail is that ' ' the management " has not only made room for rather more adults than the colony con- tains, but that all sorts of wants and whims have been foreseen and invented for the public, just in order to supply and gratify them. This year the paths are asphalted ; next year, perhaps, tesselated pavements will be the rule, and by and bye æsthetic carpets strewn with daffodils and sunflowers will have their turn. Each anni- versary of the Cup the question is— Where will the improvement business stop? There is a resigned feeling that sooner or later every visitor to the carriage paddock will be photographed, vaccinated, and presented with a small interest in the Telephone Exchange Com- pany. The clock-work order and system everywhere, the velvet lawn, with its bars and splashes of colour, the music and the flowers in front, the wonderful provision for everything and everybody inside the grand stand, the elaborate improvements, extending to the hill now, extend- ing everywhere in fact, do not re- mind one of Epsom, or of Ascot, or of Goodwood. There is some- thing of Baden-Baden and Homburg in old times ; something of Monaco to- day, with a dash of the Bois de Boulogne on the Grand Prix Sunday. And then, annexed to the promenade and show part of the affair, " the ring " comes in as a good imitation of the London Stock Ex- chango or the Pans Bourso during a panie or run on some particular speculation. Only in none of these places does the presence of ever so many Governors, Ministers, legislators, ecclesiastics, heirs apparent and presumptive to titles, aide- de-camps, and so forth, respectabilise the gathering, and enable visitors to the grand-stand to flatter themselves that they are taking part in no mere horse race, but in an official garden party on rather a large scale. Whether the pre- sence of grave, " solid," and serious men the leading representatives of Vic- toria's political business and professional life, serves on the whole as a cloak and excuse for the mere betting part of the Flemington performance, or whether it serves to restrain and mitigate gambling and dissipation, are questions which our readers may possibly decide for themselves between now and next Cup day. One great difference between Flemington and Epsom is that at the latter place the whole thing is unrecognised ; betting is illegal or semi-illegal. The visitor feels that he is " on the spree " ; he grows reckless accordingly. Rowdyism and drunkenness are in keeping with the traditions of Epsom. At Flemington we are severely well behaved. The virtuous Victorian male will not even smoke a cigar within 50 yards of the grand stand. He is only semi-officially on the spree, and he restrains himself accord- ingly. For the majority of those who go to the Cup year after year, the personal magnetism of so many thousands of one's fellow creatures is the strongest sensation of all. One tries to see everything, and brain and optic nerves get weary before one has taken in half the changing scene. Some people try to preserve their presence of mind long enough to study the ladies' dresses. One got an impres- sion yesterday that simplicity was the rule. There were hardly any of those startling and vulgar " effects " which in the past gave one the idea that the wearer had crawled up into her fine clothes from underneath. There are a few atrocities, of course. One costume is said to be an adaptation of a set of corporation robes, ordered in anticipation of a civic installa- tion which is not to take place this year after all ; and ladies who will come out in furs and sealskin jackets on the hottest of spring days were there. Subdued colours on the lawn are made up for startling disguises of the bookmakers on the flat and on the hill. One tries to preserve one's presence of mind, and study the crowd on the flat. They are desperately in earnest. Here is a vast concentration of energy and intelligence brought to bear upon the problem of spotting the winner. These burly well- fed, straight-built workingmen, with grave faces and a general air of serious deter- mination about them, who patronise the hill and the flat, know all about the dozen certainties for the Cup—at least, they know as well what is going to win as owners, jockeys, or trainers do. Immense possibilities of action in this great multi- tude of Australians at Flemington to-day ; somewhat frittered away, perhaps, in dis- covering and backing certainties for the Cup. The rough verdict yesterday was that the hill and the flat people were in greater force than ever. The grand-stand at- tendance was up to the average. From the jockey's and trainers' stand, by the saddling-paddock gate, the look upwards and backwards at the outline of the hill, which seems to be carved or moulded out of human beings, is one of the impressive sights of Flemington. On the other hand, the best and safest view of the ring is to be got by looking down into the pad- dock from the hill itself. Yesterday the hill obtained all the best of the fresh breeze and nobody in the new grand- stand there was actually asphyxiated. The density of the hill thromg must have made it very difficult to reach one's favourite bookmaker. One knight of the pencil has got himself up as a doctor of divinity, and there were admirals, generals, clowns, and other notabilities to bet with. Whatever may be the reason, however, there is less positive " row " in the various betting rings at Flemington than at any great English race meeting. The undemonstrative Australian econo- mises his voice as much as possible, and a number of conversational bookmakers' cries are never heard here. On the whole the solemnity of the Cup Day impresses hill folk and grand-stand folk alike. The races which precede the fateful event of the day are only so many turns of the screw which regulates the tension of brain and nerves, which has been growing more severe as the decisive moment arrives. There is no need to look at one's card to identify the Cup horses as they skim along for the preliminary. Everybody knows who is who, almost. The only animal that is unnoticed is the winner. One of the wonders of Cup Day is the hush which comes over all these tens of thousands of men and women as soon as the Cup horses have gone down to the starting post, and the broad belt of grass which is called the course is at last all clear for action. for the backer there is no use in talking or repining now. We'll soon know all about it. Surely there are more people round the starting post this year than ever before. They crowd on to the horses, and there is a light curtain of dust hovering in front of the 28, through which Mr. Cooper's orange colours, on Trenton, and Grace Darling's geranium and gold alone flash out clearly. Mr. White's three are on your left, clear of the crowd of horses jostling for places next the rails. Suddenly, the whole line of horses seems to bend for- ward towards us, and to straighten across the course. The 28 are coming, and the rush of animal life and eager energy and action passes in a moment before thousands of straining eyes. The fate of ever so many favourites is decided before the horses turn into the straight for home. Once abreast of the beginning of the cariage-paddock, the jockeys' whips are up to almost every horse but one. What is this animal, ridden in something like Isonomy's colours, sailing away in front? The jockey never moves on his horse. It is all over. Trenton comes with a rush—too late for this year's Melbourne Cup, however. Very few people know what horse has won, but there is a yell of triumph quite unlike the cheer which greets a popular favourite. No. 20 is run up. The bookmakers win half a million of money. All their Caulfield and Derby losings back again, with interest prob- ably. " Come, children," says Thackeray at the finish of Vanity Fair, " let us shut up the box and the puppets, for the play is played out." — THE FIRST CUP AND THE LAST : A CONTRAST. BY TIMOTHEUS. Yesterday the Cup was a quarter of a century old. So in these jubilee times the day had something of a jubilee character. It was a " silvern " if not a " golden anni- versary." There would be few on the course yesterday who " assisted " in any professional way at the first event—and probably no pressman but the writer. In those days there was by no means the subdivision of labour which now prevails on the Melbourne newspapers. Sporting was not a speciality. The journalist, if not on the editorial staff, was supposed—it was often a case of supposition—to undertake verbatim resorting in Parliament, theatrical criticism, music, racing, cricket, and agri- culture. The engagement was not for a department, but, as in the old stage days, for " general utility." In the sporting world the champion contests were the great racing events of the day. To describe these would be the province of a senior man from the gal- lery. One narrative, for instance, was from the pen of the late Mr. G. P. Smith, ex- Attorney-General, but an ordinary race meeting would be left to the junior of the day. Hence these recollections. The Cup had a humble origin. There were two racing clubs then in existence—the Jockey Club, which had three days' racing in October, and the Turf Club, which followed with a three days' meeting in November ; so that there is precedent for the Caulfield races preceding the great events of the V.R.C. Mr. R. Goldsbrough, Mr. F. Row, Mr. E. Kirk, and Mr. W. Randle were the principal stewards of the one body. Mr. Geo. Watson, Mr. Thos. Chirnside, and Captain Standish were the main upholders of the other. There is plenty of support for Caulfield and for Flem- ington to-day, but in 1861 the two clubs were engaged in a struggle for existence. The Jockey Club made an ambitious bid for sup- port that season with " A Two Thousand Guineas Stake "—a handicap of two miles and a quarter. The Turf Club responded with a more modest " Melbourne Cup "—a handicap of two miles, for a sweepstakes of 20 sovereigns, with £200 added. (To-day the added money is £2,000.) The " Guineas " were a failure. The high entrance fee (£100) was too much for owners to face, whereas " the Cup " attracted large entries from the first. No less than 17 horses faced the starter's flag on the 7th November, 1861, and not half as many ran for the Guineas. The latter race was never repeated, and the failure practically killed the Jockey Club. On the other hand the Cup has waxed mighty and more mighty each year. Yes, the times have changed, the scene has changed, the attendance has changed, since Archer shot to the front in the " all black " of Mr. De Mestre. My estimate of 1861 was that there were fully " 4,000 people there "— 2,000 upon the hill, 1,500 upon the flat, and 600 in the grand stand—and the grand stand, at any rate, would be an accurate count. To what had that 4,000 swelled yesterday—to 80,000 or to 100,000 or to 120,000? No one can well tell. There was a charm- ing simplicity about the 1861 arrange- ments altogether wanting now. The judge and the officers were by no means re- moved, as at present, an awful distance from the crowd, fenced off and barricaded in. " Pride in their port," if not " defiance in their eye," one sees to-day " the lords of humankind," the lords pro tem. " go by." Articles have been written on the feelings of the retiring Lord Mayor, who on the 9th November finds himself a private citizen, but his alternate exaltation and descent are as nothing to the difference in a V.R.C steward before and after Cup Day. But in 1861 judge and stewards went about freely explaining and familiarly defending their actions. Nor, if it could be prevented. PLAN OF FLEMINGTON RACECOURSE. were races won on the post by a short half a length, by a head, or by a nose, thus keeping everybody in a condition of flutter to the end. Archer, or whatever Sydney horses might be the winner—it was always a Sydney horse—would take the lead at the first turn, would come away from the field at the abattoirs, and would sail up the straight with a dozen lengths between him and his followers. A safe ending was required, and not a fine finish with a view to the handicaps of the future. If a horse had a lead in the straight, the backers felt the guineas jingling in their pockets. Nowa- days a " leviathan " will not take the trouble to look at the race. He will stand below the gazers and ask a friend where the favourite is, and there will be drops of perspiration on his brow when he is told of some dreaded animal occupying a good place. But in '61 Messrs. Goyder and Coker were something more than men who made a book. One of them at least was a thorough sportsman. They looked on ; they enjoyed the struggle ; proclaimed its changes, and looked pleasant at the end whatever happened. The important operation of weighing out was performed in a little shed by a little old man —some superannuated sporting character who had found his way out to Australia. The two or three newspaper men who were present—their name is legion now, and they have elegant accommodation where they can- not see, and all that sort ot thing—would sit on the step, and would yarn with stewards, owners, and jockeys, or would canter the favourite or help the old man to weigh out the jockey. Great was the fuss that meeting— or was it the one after?—when in a weight for age race the first horse came in a couple of pounds short. Doctors were consulted as to the possibility of a rider losing two pounds weight or so by hard riding for a few minutes under a hot sun. Every possible theory was broached, from fraud up- wards. Every variety of language was used—and the turf could talk like a sailor's parrot, and no doubt can talk still. All the ideas and explanations were wrong. The fact was that the poor old weigher had sent out a filly just before—with a 3lb. allowance for sex—and had never shifted the weight forward for the colt after- wards. The omission did not strike me at the time, but when the " row " took place I saw it all—and left matters alone for fear of injuring the obliging old gentleman. It was a fair race itself, that contest of 1861. Such tricks does memory play us that I could only recall two episodes of Cup run- ning without references ; the one Archer's jump from the ruck in 1861, when reaching the abattoirs—the Sydney horse leaving the field as though it were standing—and Malua's great rush of a year or two ago, just as it seemed as if Commotion was to do the business. There was a smash during the run in through a mare crossing her legs, and bringing two of her competitors down with her. One of the jockeys was carried in to the luncheon-room, and Dr. Ford, —still vigorous in our midst—officiated to set broken limbs. Spiers and Pond were the caterers, and Mr. Pond was the doctor's right hand man. Those who knew him will realise the readiness with which the great Pond —for he was a giant in the land—whisked a table-cloth off the boards for bandages, and how cleverly he knocked an empty- case to pieces for splints. A few weeks afterwards Mr. Pond was to make the first great success of his life—was to lay the foundation of his fortunes—by leading across the M.C.C. ground, amid a grand ovation, the original All England Eleven. No one will make so much money out of another team as Messrs. Spiers and Pond secured out of H. H. Stephenson's eleven. That Pond had a good head is evident enough, and Dr. Ford would bear witness that the care and the tenderness he dis- that the care and the tenderness he dis- played about that little weazened jockey testified to his goodness of heart. What has made the Cup so popular? what has transferred it from a mere item in a race programme into far and away the biggest social institution of Australia? There is a great deal in the idea of the late Mr. Bagot that the " sweeps " had as much to do with it as anything else. The first Cup was an- nounced as " the Chester Cup " of Australia, and the Chester Cup was then the great betting handicap of the year in Great Britain. Owners took to the race kindly ; entries were numerous, and backers and the ring found an interest aroused unknown before. Then came the sweeps. One promoter alone in one year " floated " 22 sweeps, each consisting of 2,000 £1 lots or shares. This professional had 44,000 sub- scribers, and, though he was the chief, he was, of course, not the only promoter. Not a hamlet in Australia or New Zea- land but had some subscribres to a sweep in it, and thus the Cup was talked of throughout the colonies. And each new railway is the tentacle of an octopus bring- ing everything it can clutch to the central mouth. Then the ladies discovered that of all places for the display of toilettes there is none to equal Flemington, and the lawn gradually became the rage with them. In 1861 the fair sex was conspicuous by its absence. Only the men went down to the course. One of the incidents of the first Cup was, indeed, the appearance of a well-known sporting citizen in a conveyance with a feminine supporter to the right and one to the left. Crinoline was at its height, and all that could be seen of the hero was a rubicund countenance emerging from a surroundmg billowy sea of muslin foam. He was received with a round of cheers. Racing, indeed, was under a cloud from the social standpoint, and, as a rule such of the fair sex as did go might, with advantage to all concerned, have remained away. The ladies patronised cricket in '61, and did not countenance racing. In 1886 they are dubious about cricket and go in for racing. The public " sweeps " have disappeared. It remains to be seen how far their loss will affect the Mel- bourne Cup. There are some who prophecy such a decadence as the Chester Cup has undergone. Others believe that the patronage of the fair sex alone will pull the day through. Yes, time has changed most things at Flemington. Dress has changed. Crinoline may not be altogether unknown, but the ladies have treated it in a " get thee behind me, Satan " fashion. The scene has changed. Melbourne was invisible from the course then. Now the city is coming down to it, and spires and buildings crown the nearer hills. The course is transformed out of re- cognition—its ways, and its buildings, and its style. But the great change is in the people. They were all hard-headed " Britishers " who attended in the old time, whose talk was either " horsey " or of the goldfields. Now the crowd is largely composed of young people, who were not born in '61, or were not in their teens, or, at any rate, were not out of them. The dress, the youth, the wealth are all new. The city in '61 was absolutely in- capable of such a show as yesterday no mat- ter what enthusiasm had been worked up, for there was not the luxury, not the money, not the equipages, not the milliners, not the ladies. The cry was of hard times. People did not hesitate to say that Melbourne was done for. The Otago diggings had just been opened out, and Dunedin was supposed to be the real El Dorado. There may be passing clouds again, but those who can con- trast the Cup of '61 with the Cup of '86 will never be pessimistic about Victoria. THE VICE-REGAL PARTY. The occupants of the vice-regal box in the centre of the grand stand always receive a large measure of respectful attention from the Cup visitors, but there was more than ordinary curiosity shown on this occasion by reason of the fact that His Excellency's guests this year included Lord Carrington, the Governor of New South Wales, and Lady Car- rington. The club authorities had shown it- self most anxious to pay marked honour to these special guests of the Governor and Lady Loch, in recognition of the active interest which Lord Carrington has taken in racing in Great Britain, and since his arrival in the colonies. Mr. Byron Moore, the secretary of the club, officially welcomed the vice-regal party when they arrived shortly before the time fixed for the first race. His Excellency drove on to the course in a four-in-hand drag, which was followed by an open carriage. Eight mounted policemen rode in front, and three orderlies at the rear of the cavalcade, whose halt opposite the stand was the signal for the band striking up the National Anthem. The vice- regal party was con- stituted as follows :—His Excellency the Governor, Lady Loch, Master Loch, Lord and Lady Carrington, Sir. W. C. Robinson, Governor of South Australia, Sir George C. Strahan, Governor of Tasmania, Rear-Ad- miral Tryon, the Misses Greene ; Lord Deer- hurst, Captain Traill, Mr. Seymour Fort, and Mr. E. M. Sturges, forming the suite of His Excellency ; Lord Bertie, Captain Terry, Captain Sheriffe, Lieutenant O. G. Williams, and Captain E. W. Wallington in attendance on Lord Carrington ; Mr. E. P. Lempriere, private secretary to the Governor of South Australia ; and Flag-Lieutenant Pakenham, who accompanied Rear-Admiral Tryon. The vice-regal reception and retiring rooms had been exquisitely decorated for the occasion with flowers and ferns, under the direction of Mr. C. D. Straker, the club's caterer, who was also entrusted with providing the luncheon, while Messrs. Moubray, Rowan, and Hicks had arranged the charming furnishing of the various apartments. The luncheon-table was picked out in the racing colours of Lord Carrington, and the menu and race- books for the party were adorned in a similar manner. His Excellency invited some of the leading members of the club to join him at luncheon, and in all covers were laid for about 40 per- sons. In the course of the afternoon several of the party visited various portions of the en- closure, and Lord Carrington conveyed to Mr. Byron Moore during the day his sense of the club's attentions, and at the same time expressed himself as being highly delighted with the general arrangements, together with the character of the gathering. He stated that the course and its surroundings were superior to anything he had seen. The Governor and his guests left for Government- house at 5 o'clock, hearty cheers being raised as they drove off. It was noticed also that as His Excellency drove up the straight on arriving hearty cheers were raised by the vari- ous portions of the enormous assemblage which then covered the course. THE ATTENDANCE. It is impossible to ascertain the exact number of people who visit the course on Cup day. For instance, there is no means of arriving at the number of persons who walk there, and as there is no charge for admis- sion to the flat, the visitors who spread over the broad acres of that portion of the ground cannot be numbered. It has been customary to guess at the attendance, and, as a rule, most of those who have ventured to hazard an opinion on the point have, owing to their patriotism and their pride in " the Cup," taken good care not to minimise their esti- mates. These estimates, although they have often varied considerably, have been for some years rising, until last year the figures of some calculators reached to considerably over 100,000. Anyone who contented him- self with the assertion that " at least 100,000 " persons saw Sheet Anchor win the Cup was generally considered a very mode- rate man. At the same time in a few quarters doubts have been entertained during the last few years as to whether the estimates in question were not excessive, and a year or so ago these doubtless felt their position strengthened by the discovery that the railway returns had been misunderstood to the extent of 100 per cent. The returns contain the total number of passengers each way, and that number had been erroneously believed to be the total number of passengers carried by rail to the course. Yesterday, for the first time, we took special steps to obtain as many data as possible for the purpose of estimating the number of visitors to the course, and the result shows that the calculations of the last few years have been, as a rule, too high. To begin with, it must be generally admitted that the attendance this year was at least equal to that of last year. It will be seen that there was an increased traffic on the railways, and the crowd in the grand stand enclosure seemed yesterday thicker than ever. The V.R.C. took £3,617 on the ground yesterday as against £3,026 on Cup Day, 1885, but that increase can be accounted for by the in- creased charge of 6d. per ticket for admission to " the hill." The number of passengers by rail is obtained from the Railway depart- ment ; but the difficulty was to get at the number who travelled by road either in vehicles or on foot. As has already been said, it is impossible to obtain the number of pedestrians. From early morning they stream for hours into the course from all quarters of the compass ; con- sequently their number can only be guessed at. With regard to vehicles, however, it was evidently possible to secure some substantial data. This was done by stationing observers at the two gates through which all vehicles entering the V.R.C. ground must pass. These observers took careful note of the vehicles driven through the gates—in the case of the public gates, from half-past 10 o'clock until 2 o'clock ; and in the case of the members' gates, from half-past 10 o'clock until half-past 3 o'clock. Through the public gates there passed in the three and a half hours during which a record was kept, 785 waggonettes, averaging seven persons to each, 260 private carriages averaging five occupants, 175 carts (two-wheeled vehicles of various kinds) aver- aging six persons, 113 hansoms averaging three persons, 56 omnibuses averaging 14 persons, 29 vans averaging 20 persons, and 20 lorries also averaging 20 persons. The total number of persons who arrived at the course in those vehicles was, therefore, approximately 9,948. Through the members' gates there passed, in four hours, 942 wag- gonettes nveraging seven persons each, 367 private carriages averaging five persons, 255 hansoms averaging three persons, nine drags averaging 10 persons, 13 dog-carts averaging two persons, and 144 miscellaneous vehicles averaging four persons ; the total number of occupants of these vehicles being ap- proximately 9,885. Adding that number to the number of persons carried through the public gates, the grand total is 19,834. Allowing 5,000 persons for those conveyed in vehicles to the course before the watch was set and after it was discontinued, the total number who thus travelled to the course may be said to have been about 25,000. We esti- mate the number of pedestrians at 15,000 ; and the official returns show that the num- ber of railway passengers to Footscray, as well as to the coarse, was 44,613. According to our calculations, therefore, the attendance at the course yesterday was as follows :— By railway ... ... ... 44,613 In vehicles ... ... ... 25,000 Pedestrians ... ... ... 15,000 Total 84,613 Or, in round numbers 90,000. That number is about equal to the total population of the suburbs of Prahran, South Melbourne, and Richmond. The V.R.C. has good reason to congratulate itself on the estimation in which this race is held, and on the great number of persons who year after year assemble to witness it, and find that the arrangements for their accommodation are approaching nearer and nearer to perfec- tion. THE HILL AND THE FLAT. The hill is a vantage ground which is always a well attended. According to the natural order of things, it is the favourite resort of what is called the middle class. Yesterday the hill carried a great multitude of people. They began to arrive early, and by 1 o'clock every point from which a view of the course could be obtained was not simply covered, but packed. The stand accommodated a load under which it seemed to stagger. This was the centre which it was the ambition of every sight- seer to reach. Seats once secured were not soon vacated, and when vacated were rushed by a hundred eager persons. The slope at the front of the stand was dry and dusty, but behind there was a nice stretch of green grass broken by beds of shrubs and flowers, which afforded a pleasant place of retirement after the excitement of each race. Here parties lunched, got up sweeps, or promenaded to the music of the band. There was nothing to be seen from here, and for every race there was a rush to the front. The bookmakers mustered in large number, and had as many customers as they could con- veniently attend to. Men and women lay their half-crowns and crowns on their fancies with apparent eagerness. For the Cup the favourites carried nearly all the money, and the victory of Arsenal was re- ceived with a silence that might be described as solemn. There was not so much good nature after as before the race, and a little provocation caused a display of bad temper. To many persons the interest of the day's sport had ended, and there was a rush from the hill to the station. Bookmakers settling accounts remonstrated in vain, and for the time being the scene was one of confusion ; but, on the whole, the behaviour of the crowd was orderly. The duties of the police were not of an onerous character. The flat was as usual open to everybody, and entering from the station one found himself in the midst of vehicles, shows, round- abouts, swings, and stalls. Barrel organs and unstrung kettledrums discoursed what was supposed to be music, and a babel of voices invited passers-by to rival entertainments. Aunt Sallies and " scientific quoits " found numerous patrons ; the proprietors solemnly avowed that they did not want the money, but the custom of the people, and they got both. All sorts of inventions were intro- duced. There was one individual whose whole stock-in- trade was a plate. Any person who threw a penny into the plate from a given distance received sixpence. The feat was a difficult one, and the proprietor of the plate did a profitable day's work. The aris- tocracy of low life met and exchanged salu- tations. A ruddy damsel in pale blue cos- tume, with Gainsboro' hat, an overwhelming display of feathers, cropped hair, and resplen- dent jewellery of Birmingham manufacture, would undergo the ceremony of introduction to a youth with a wide-awake hat pulled over his head, a piece of tobacco in his mouth, a bright green handkerchief round his neck, and a short cane, and high-heeled boots. Persons of this class embraced each other, and formed sets of quadrilles in out-of- the-way corners. There were bookmakers everywhere. One-shilling wagers and sweeps were the popular modes of speculation, but bets were taken in the ordinary way by a number of regular bookmakers, who congre- gated opposite the grand stand. They were attired in a variety of grotesque costumes, and assumed striking names, such as " The Bank of England Firm," or " The Safe In- vestment Compnny." Their paraphernalia consisted of an old wooden box or stool to stand upon, a flag, and a gay parasol and a book. They made a noise like that of a thousand auctioneers in com- petition, and, they carried on a brisk business during the whole of the afternoon. The women were quite as eager at making bets as the men, and when any dispute occurred they had a voice in it. There were some amusing incidents at settling up. The bookmakers had not always a pleasant time. During the intervals between the races a large number of persons assembled along the outer fence of the course and watched the promenaders on the lawn. This was an exhibition in which they were very much interested. The proceedings on the flat throughout the afternoon were of an animated character. There was no dis- order of a serious nature. As on the hill, there was great excitement just before the Cup race took place. The victory of Arsenal was a disappointment, and very little interest was taken in the events that followed. THE NEW STANDS AND THE LAWN. Notwithstanding the fact that three new stands have been added since the last spring meeting, the full extent of that class of accommodation was yesterday taken advan- tage of, and found very convenient. The Maribyrnong Stand, which immediately over- looks the carriage paddock, proved to be popular, and there is every reason to think that it will become, in the future, a favourite spot, as a capital view of the races is obtained from it. Under this stand are arranged tables at which private lunches can be supplied by the club caterer or laid out by the servants of those providing for themselves. This ar- rangement did not appear to be generally known yesterday, but as it becomes recog- nised there is little doubt that parties seeking privacy will profit by the opportunity thus afforded, and prefer it to the public lunch rooms under the principal stand. The new grand-stand on the hill was literally packed dur- ing the afternoon, and the opinion was universally expressed by the hill visitors that the prospect gained from it was a very fine one. Under this stand, as under the others, large provision is made for luncheon and refreshment accommodation. The club caterer here is Mr. P. H. Reynolds, of the Duke of Wellington Hotel, Flinders- street, and satisfaction was evinced at the character of his provedoring, which is in a style new to the visitors to the hill. A further new provision on the hill is a coat room and lavatory for men near the grand- stand, and this accommodation will be much appreciated as it becomes more known. The third new stand, to be mentioned in this connexion, is the members' stand, which has been constructed as a continuation westward from the main grand- stand, and over the ground formerly occupied by the telegraph department. This stand gives the members of the club an exclusive and commodious meeting-place, of which they are not slow to take advantage, and they used it very largely yesterday. In the intervals of the racing the lawn was crowded with promenaders, and it pre- sented a most lively appearance. The Aus- tralian Military Band, conducted by Signor Zelman, rendered the following choice pro- gramme of music :—" 1. March, " Chansons du Soldat," Rampazzotti. 2. Overture, " Haydée," Auber. 3. Valse, " Mikado," Sullivan. 4. Selection, " Alziva," Verdi. 5\. Polka, " Go as You Please," Fahrbach. 6\. Valse Fantastique, " Ariel," Zelman. 7. Polka mazourka, " Odalisque," Faust. 8. Selection, " Bohemian Girl," Balfe. 9. March, " Tannhäuser," Wagner. 10. Valse, " The Maid of the Mill," T. Adams. 11. Quadrille, Scotch melodies, Faust. 12. Galop, " Wonnetrunken," Strauss. A band, the Imperial Band, under Mr. Richardson, was also stationed on the hill. The club catering, conducted by Mr. Straker in the spacious rooms under the principal stand, and in other portions of the grand-stand enclosure, was ample. Mr. Straker had engaged for yesterday no fewer than 300 waiters. A feature commendably noticed in the enclosure was the patent electric board of Messrs. Haydon and Gaunt, which recorded the scratchings at the saddling paddock with remarkable success. THE RAILWAY TRAFFIC. The resources of the Railway department were taxed to the utmost to accommodate the vast number of persons who preferred the ease of locomotion and rapidity of transit given by a railway to the steady jog-trot of a cab horse. Every engine and every carriage that could be spared from the ordinary services were brought into use. Country trains were shunted back from the platforms immediately on arrival, and after being broken up into first and second class specials were sent to do duty to the racecourse. The greatest difficulty that had to be surmounted was to meet the requirements of the passenger traffic to Footscray. Trains were run at brief intervals on the Williamstown line, and the staff at Footscray was increased and placed under special supervision, so that quick despatch shonld be afforded to these travellers. The pressure of business at Spencer-street and at Flemington necessitated recruits from country stations being pressed into the ranks of the officials, and so admir- ably were they disciplined that they performed their work with almost automatic smooth- ness. In other respects the railway arrange- ments were all that could be expected. The great number of trains sent from Spencer- street involved the abandonment of the inter- locking systems signals being given by labourers stationed short distances apart along the line to Flemington, and it is to the credit of these men that not a single mistake is recorded against them. The public this year were unusually eager to reach the racecourse, and consequently the department experienced the strain on the traffic an hour earlier than on the occasion of the last Cup. Full trains were run from Spencer-street shortly after 10 o'clock, and the pressure of the traffic was so great that during the whole of the remainder of the forenoon the officers were kept at the utmost tension. With one solitary excep- tion, however, they were successful in pre- venting any overcrowding at the platforms, and on that one occasion the delay was due rather to an excess of caution on the part of one of the enginedrivers than to neglect by the station officials. The greatest crush was again experienced at the ticket boxes, but he department is not altogether blameable for any inconvenience that may have been caused in this respect. Notices have been issued from day to day in the columns of The Argus advising visitors that racecourse tickets could be procured in advance at Melbourne and suburban stations, and at special offices at the Exchange and at Post-office buildings, but the covert warning thus conveyed was almost totally disregarded by the public. When the return journey had to be made, the department had to convey as many passengers to Melbourne in an hour as they had previously brought from it in four times that length of time. The excitement of the Cup and the desire to reach the city always render it a difficult matter to control people when once they begin to pour into the plat- form. Twenty trains were kept in readiness, and within five minutes after the Cup was won, a long line of carriages, crammed to ex- cess, was kept filing out of the station yard. The last race caused a temporary stoppage in the traffic, but when the event was decided there was an unseemly scramble for the trains. The confusion was greatest at the Hill gates, where the crush was so great that women and children suffered severely from the roughness of the crowd. A number of the visitors to this part of the course were so eager to reach the trains that at the closing of the gates when the platforms were filled, they began to scale the fences, and it was only with difficulty that they were beaten back by the police. By half past six however, the grounds were emptied, and the last train had been sent to Melbourne with- out mishap. The final crush is invariably the subject of bitter complaint, but it seems impossible to obviate it, in view of the enormous number of people who are then bent upon rushing away from the course. The statistics of the railway traffic, as sup- plied by the officers at Spencer-street station, show a considerable increase on the pas- senger traffic of this year as compared with that of 1885. The figures indicate that yesterday the total number of passengers carried to and from the course was 63,548—counting two for each return ticket—as against 56,242 in 1885, while the receipts yesterday amounted to £11,325 8s. 6d., as against £9,582 1s. 7d. for the last Cup day. The department also issued 1,366 single tickets to persons who wished to return by rail to Melbourne, these figures showing a decrease of 574 on the returns of last year. If the number of return tickets issued is halved, it will be seen that the number of persons who proceeded direct by rail to Flemington was 31,774, as compared with 28,000 in 1885. These figures, however, do not represent the whole of the persons who utilised the railway as a means of reaching the course. The cheap fares to Footscray attracted a large proportion of the traffic to that line, and consequently the returns of persons conveyed in that direction show an an increase of nearly 100 per cent. The depart- ment carried no less than 25,678 passengers to and from Footscray, as against 13,753 in 1885. The total number of persons who yesterday availed themselves of the railway as a means of reaching the racecourse was therefore 44,613, as against 35,000 last year. The whole of this immense traffic was conducted with- out a single casualty. THE GOWNS, &c.; BY QUEEN BEE. If Derby Day has fallen from its high estate as an exhibition of fashion, what shall be said of Cup Day? when nine-tenths of the dresses were of the quietest possible descrip- tion, so quiet indeed that in many instances the word " dowdy " might fairly be applied to them. It is quite certain that fashionable Melbourne has now jumped from elaborate overdress to the other extreme. The pendulum has swung back with a vengeance, and there, it seems, will remain stationary for some time to come. Why it has done so it is hard to say. But that it has done so there is no shadow of doubt, and I venture to think that most of us are very glad of it. Perhaps it is the introduction of the quaker greys that has induced this quaker-like simplicity, or it may be only the inevitable reaction that all things mundane are subject to. The glorious weather was the topic of congratulation on all sides, and everyone was pleased that the large contingent of English visitors could see our chiefest racing day under the most favourable circumstances. The late rains had assisted the lawn splen- didly, and the turf never looked better on any previous occasion. The new Maribyr- nong stand is a useful addition to the course, not so much for seeing the race from, but for shelter for women in case of rain. During the afternoon I tried the view from this stand, and a better sight of the race can be obtained from it than from the old one, the only objection against it being that the last few yards up to the winning post are rather obscured, but a very trifling cost would remedy this defect. The oft-told story about white can be emphasised for Cup Day. White was so plentiful everywhere, and fluttered so gaily in the breeze, that one might be forgiven for mistaking the great Cup carnival for " washing day." Em- broidery formed the chief of the white frocks. Next came the soft washing silks, and prettier than any of these, but more perish- able, were those made up of net and Valenciennes lace and insertion. Indian muslin in many instances was used over colour with capital effect. One of the best of these was in fine Indian muslin over shot pink and blue silk. It had a vest and sash drapery of the silk, and a bonnet of pink tulle and blue forget-me- nots, and a large shot silk parasol. Many of the lace and net frocks made up in this way over coloured silk were strikingly pretty. The Spanish idea of wearing coloured silk under black lace had many admirers, and in some cases the result was very good, but in others quite a fiasco. A combination of steel-grey silk and black lace looked most refined, with a crêpe bonnet in the same shade of grey, trimmed with red velvet. The parasol was also red. A pale lavender, with gracefully arranged top draperies of black lace, having the bodice also covered with black lace, was a good example of this style. With this was worn a bonnet of black lace and lavender flowers, and a lavender parasol covered with lace. It must be confessed, however, that both the styles and colours of the Cup Day gowns were a great deal more varied than those of Derby Day. Heliotrope and mauve was out in all its glory ; so were pink and blue, and the more quiet shades of grey and brown. With so much that was bright, it was a relief to look on the many cool and pretty cotton cos- tumes. These frocks are now quite a study, and it is difficult to believe that they will lend themselves to the wash- tub and the laundry, so artistically are they now got up, both as regards the fabrics and their construction. The various colours and shades are of the most delicate description. Nothing could possibly be prettier than the soft grey ginghams seen yesterday on the lawn, with vests of white silk braided with gold. A pale blue cotton had the sides of the skirt slashed and filled in with white surah, the vest was also of surah, and the collar and cuffs had an embroidered pattern on them in fine gold thread ; with this chaming frock was worn a smart little bonnet of cream tulle and blue cornflowers. The parasol of blue cotton had three narrow bands of gold braid at the edge. Another smart frock was of fine chocolate brown sicilian, having long draperies of cream cotton crépe, edged with Turkish embroidery. The bodice had revers of the coloured work, and a full vest of the cotton crépe. The mingling of cotton and silk was quite a feature in the dressing yesterday. A pretty frock worn by a stylish- looking fair girl, had a pervading beige tone about it. Over a skirt of beige silk were arranged long side draperies 0f tufted beige cotton, with tinted lace at the edge. The bodice of cotton had a chemisette of the lace. The large flop hat of lace was trimmed with beige ribbon and pink daisies and grass. The fertile minds who have the designing of our head- gear seem to have studied proportion and the fitness of things generally in the hats and bonnets they have turned out for the spring display this year, if one can judge by what was worn yesterday. All the height is still in front, but it is a reasonable height, and the shapes are clever and very becoming. They are all close-fitting, that is, they fit well on the head, instead of towering at the back of it ; thus they form a pretty frame to the face. Tulle in shades to match the gowns of the wearers was the favourite material chosen in their con- struction. Next came straw, simply trimmed with ribbon and flowers, or draped in tulle to match the gown. Of the various kinds of hats their name and shape is legion ; as a rule they were large and rather high. The small shape known as the " Mephisto " found great favour by those who wear their hair short, as the shape is particularly be- coming to closely cropped heads, with its three upturned sides faced with velvet, and all its trimming massed in front. There was a large party from Government-house, and they drove up the course just before the first race, and at once took up their position in the vice-regal box, which had been deco- rated very choicely. In the centre was a very large emblem of " good luck," in the form of a horseshoe, composed entirely of white and yellow marguerites and small centres of blue. Lady Loch wore a light shade of plum-bloom sicilian, with a petti- coat of cream and mauve striped brocade. The draperies were ornamented with rows of narrow steel braid and ornaments. The mantle worn was of the same silk, hand- somely trimmed with peach bloom passe- menterie. The small chip bonnet was trimmed with silk of the same shade as the gown, and an osprey finished it. Lady Car- rington's gown of cream striped Sicilian and satin and was slashed at the side with draperies of black moire ribbon. Her black bonnet was draped round the brim with white tulle, and a bunch of cream bows and osprey ornamented it. She also wore a small red mantle, trimmed with red and gold passementerie. Mrs. Terry had on a com- bination of cream satin de Lyon and moire, draped and trimmed with filmy cream-tinted lace. Miss Hymann's frock of pale blue cashmere was trimmed with cream lace, and her cream bonnet was relieved by black velvet. Mrs. Malleson wore a grand gown of moss-green Lyons velvet, with biscuit front and petticoat, having long panels of velvet caught together with chains of iridescent beads and ornaments to match, bonnet of green tulle, with a bouquet of green feathers and sunshade corresponding with the whole. Mrs. Robert Power wore a gown of black Sicilian, with a front of pink and deep jet fringe. Mrs. H. Power brown surah gown, trimmed with striped satin gauze, and gold petticoat over cerise, bonnet and sunshade to match. Mrs. Arthur Blackwood's dress of pale blue satin had alternate bands of Valen- ciennes lace draped over petticoat, and trimmed with a deep flounce to corres- pond, bonnet and sunshade also of blue. Mrs. Quinlan wore a heliotrope cashmere and velvet, and bonnet to correspond. Mrs. A. Kiddle, pale blue embroidered dress, with dark blue velvet cuffs and collar. Mrs. W. Johnston, a fawn crepe dress with velvet stripes, trimmed with bows of brown and blue velvet. Mrs. T. A'Beckett, white China silk dress, with bows of brown and blue ribbon velvet. Mrs. Fanning, pale grey bangoline gown, trimmed with black lace, grey bonnet and white sunshade. Mrs. F. Scarr wore white and gold China silk, draped over pale blue crepe de chine. Mrs. Lavender wore a biscuit-striped em- broidered muslin, draped over peach Sicilian, trimmed with lace, lace sunshade over peach silk. Mrs. Clapp had on a Venetian brown velvet and Sicilian dress. Mrs. C. Ryan wore a cream de-laine dress with painted draperies, trimmed with cherry and green ribbon, and handsome embroidery. Mrs. W. Smith wore a grey Sicilian gown, trimmed with passemen- terie to match. Mrs. O'Hara wore a very handsome gown of moss green Sicilian, trimmed with passementerie to match, and pale blue vest to bodice, green sunshade with pale blue bows and bonnet to match. Mrs. Sydney Smith wore peach Sicillian and crepe de chine dress, draped with fine black lace, caught up with jet ornaments, bonnet to match, black sunshade, with peach ribbon bows. Miss Buckley, a dress of embroidered biscuit India muslin over peach silk, with peach sash. Mrs. Sandiman, white em- broidered muslin dress. Mrs. Simon Fraser wore a black surah dress, with petticoat of handsome gold and black velvet broche, trimmed with black lace and jet. Mrs. Henry Hay wore a becoming dress of black satin merveilleux, trimmed with lace and jet, over black and white striped satin petticoat. Miss Robertson, white crepe de chine dress, trimmed with embroidered mousseline de soie and primrose vest to bodice. Mrs. Balls- Headley's handsome gown was in a pinky shade of mauve faille Française, having a front composed of raised velvet stripes in two shades of mauve. The side panels were much draped with tinted lace, and the whole gown was trimmed with brown jet and pendants ; her bonnet corresponded exactly with the gown ; mauve parasol draped in crepe. Miss Bunny wore a simple cotton frock of two shades of blue and cream stripe ; white rustic hat lined with black velvet and trimmed with feathers. Mrs. Bingham had on a black silk gown, with a front of ciel blue silk, front draped and black lace caught down at intervals with jet pendants, and a small black bonnet trimmed with blue bows. Miss Chirnside wore brown corded silk, with a front of pink and brown striped silk crepe ; bonnet of white lace with a yellow osprey. Mrs. Chomley's gown was of white embroidery with a blouse vest, and a black bonnet with cream aigrette and osprey and large white parasol. Mrs. Godfrey Mackinnon wore a rich gown of Havannah brown faille Française, with a petticoat of pale blue faille, having brocaded thereon groups of flowers in various colours ; the draperies were edged with brown torchon lace, bonnet to match, and blue parasol. Miss Colin Simson had on a pale pink crepe, with a front richly embroidered, cuffs and collar of black velvet, and a large becoming black hat. Her sisters wore good white frocks, with white hats, trimmed with white ostrich feathers and tulle. Mrs. John Simson's gown of rich brown corded silk had panels and trimmings of brown Lyons velvet in the same shade, and a cream bonnet. Miss J. Simson wore royal blue satin merveil- leux with a petticoat of blue and red shot terry velvet, and a stringless bonnet also of blue. A cream tambour muslin dress, much trimmed with filmy cream lace, was worn by Miss Jessie Simson, and a stringless bonnet of cream lace. Miss Hewlett wore a soft white Indian silk trimmed with Valenciennes lace, cream tulle bonnet, and large red parasol. Mrs. A. Nichols wore white embroidered muslin, with a pink moire vest, cream bonnet in keeping. Mrs. Joseph Clarke wore a very rich robe of black Lyons velvet having the skirts lashed, through which was visible buttercup satin. There was also a foot plaiting of buttercup satin. Bonnet of black lace was simply trimmed with bows of buttercup velvet, black parasol, adorned with buttercup velvet. Mrs. G. D. Carter wore a gown of bronze- green and yellow terry velvet, with a brown silk petticoat front, veiled with a tablier of brown lace, embroidered in cream silk ; bonnet of brown net, with a wreath of butter- cups round the brim. Mrs. Walker's gown was a brown Sicilian and pink crepe ; salmon- coloured feathers ornamented the bonnet. Mrs. Cain wore a gown of bronze-brown corded silk, and a heliotrope bonnet. Mrs. Donald Wallace had on a gown of grey satin merveilleux, having the front fashioned into panels, which were richly embroidered in orange and grey silks ; the bonnet was of grey tulle, trimmed to match the embroidery on the panels ; she carried a large cream parasol. Miss Mein wore a soft white Indian silk frock, with a white bonnet trimmed with heliotrope. Mrs. Morgan's gown of pale pink Indian silk was trimmed with ruby velvet, and her bonnet of pink was ornamented to match. Miss England wore one of the many hand- somely-worked white frocks, with a very pale lavender tulle bonnet. Mrs. Madden had a white silk gown, with a buttercup front, draped with lace, and a white bonnet. Miss M'Intyre wore a pink silk crêpe, with draperies of the same, trimmed with lace. Mrs. Thomas had on a frock entirely composed of white lace, with a white bonnet trimmed with buttercup. Mrs. J. C. Stewart wore a gown of brown Sicilian, with a bodice and draperies of electric blue and brown striped satin de Lyon. The draperies were trimmed with brown lace ; brown bonnet trimmed with cream roses and brown and blue velvet. Miss Stewart's pretty frock was composed of a pale pink shade of Indian silk, having panels and revers of moss green velvet ; pink bonnet, trimmed to match. Mrs. Ind wore a white embroidered frock with green velvet bows, and a bonnet quite in keeping. Miss Cumming also wore a similar frock, and a pretty white sailor hat, trimmed with pale blue ribbon. Miss Hogg wore white Indian silk combined with buttercup yellow silk, and small cream bonnet trimmed to match. Miss Higin- botham had on a smart tailor-made gown of black and white checked summer tweed, and small black bonnet trimmed with blue velvet. Mrs. Higinbotham wore black lace over silk trimmed with jet, and a black bonnet. Miss Petty, crêpe de chene with a white ground, worked with bunches of grapes and vine leaves. The plain skirt had a deep ruche of two shades round the lower edge. Mrs. Inglis had on a gown of blue and ruby striped surah, with a blouse of cream surah, fastened at the neck and waist with pale blue cord. Mrs. Murdoch's gown was of fawn corded silk, trimmed with tinted silk lace, and bonnet to match. Miss W. Thompson wore a pretty and stylishly-made frock of white muslin, trimmed with embroidery and corded silk. Mrs. Edwards wore a white embroidered Indian silk cos- tume, with sunshade and bonnet in keeping. Mrs. O'Halloran wore a gown of silver-grey faille Française with panels of striped velvet in two shades of the same colour, trimmed with grey bead passementerie. Mrs. O'Shanassy's dress was composed of hand- some Scotch embroidery with insertions of Valenciennes lace, the draperies being trimmed with the same lace. The bodice was also trimmed with insertion and lace. Mrs. Collins wore a good gown of pale golden brown faille, with panels of velvet brocaded frieze and striped velvet, the panels being turned back with raised silk Moresque lace. Bodice was trimmed with the same lace and brocade to match. Bonnet composed of pearls of the same tint as the gown, and trimmed with an osprey. Mrs. Colman wore a costume of royal blue silk, having an underskirt of small check striped silk, and draperies of plain silk and handsome passementerie. Mrs. Shannon's gown was of cream knotted canvas, with plaited stripe of Oriental colour- ings, and trimmed with bronze ribbon. Mrs. M'Millan wore a gown of two shades of olive green faille Française. The wide panels at the side were of a soft shade of beige, on which was brocaded a floral design in a com- bination of colouring. A feature of this dress was some exquisite point lace, which relieved the darker shade. Bodice of the two shades, handsomely trimmed with lace to match. Mrs. Bailey wore a rich black silk, trimmed with panels of jet, the front having long plaited folds, showing the satin when in motion, finished with cascades of Chantilly lace. Mrs. Newton wore a dress in the richest poult de soie of a shade bordering on bronze ; the pink panels were handsomely brocaded in stripes of frieze velvet, between which stripes over plaitings of pink satin were artistically arranged, and a raised silk ficelle flouncing ; bodice, perfectly fitting, was trimmed with lace and frieze to match ; a floral bonnet in Tuscan and bronze completed the costume. Mrs. Hodgkins wore a novel dress in Oriental bordered Kashgar, exquisitely draped over a golden bronze faille Française, caught up with long ornaments of passementerie in Eastern colourings. Bodice of same material, trimmed with ornaments to match ; bonnet of gold filigree, veiled with tulle to match the costume. Miss Daly wore brown twilled silk, with panels of handwork jet of the same colour in various shades ; bodice trimmed with jabot of salmon pink crêpe, tastefully arranged and perfectly fitted ; bonnet and sunshade to match. Mrs. Josephs wore a gown of grey satin merveilleux, with a bodice and draperies of handsome blue and grey shot brocade. Miss Wilson's frock was of blue shot brocade, with draperies of pale blue cashmere, white silk vest ornamented with silver braid ; small tulle bonnet trimmed with forget-me-nots. Mrs. W. Andrews wore a gown of frog bronze merveilleux, with revers of shrimp pink, vest of brocade velvet ; bonnet of pearl straw, trim- mings to match ; Moresque parasol. Mrs. Kidston wore a costume of ruby velvet and brocade over petticoat of Brussels point lace ; bonnet of cream velvet and feathers ; lace parasol. Mrs. Geo. Godfrey wore maize- coloured Indian silk costume, trimmed with fine Valenciennes lace, side panel of amber crystal beads, back draped and fastened with brown velvet ribbon loops ; bonnet and parasol to match. HOW FAVOURITES RISE AND FALL. The annual issue of Cup weights is instantly followed by betting of a mild but more than usually speculative nature. Before the day of final acceptance 70 per cent. of the original entry, in some way or other, disappear, and the selection of a runner, not to speak of a favourite, is under the circumstances almost as difficult as the choice of winners for ordi- nary events. The chief attraction in this style of lottery investment is that, should a final acceptor of even moderate ability be chosen, the backers may get rid of his own liability by laying off half his wager on the day of the race. Should there be a run on his horse he may do it, perhaps, much earlier, and remain finally in the enviable position of possibly winning a fair sum while losing nothing. When books are first opened in connexion with the Melbourne Cup, the shortest price is possibly 100 to 5 against either a horse of known ability or one whose merits have been much under- rated by the handicapper. Against a score of good horses, who have received just the weight that their owners expected, odds of 100 to 3 are offered, while about perhaps some 50 horses in the list the long odds of 100 to 1 are available. To small speculators, the possibilities of a good double or a " long shot " offer tempta- tions too strong to be resisted. When at the beginning of July, the Cup weights for 1886 were announced, the great New Zealander, Trenton, although awarded, next to Malua and Commotion, the top weight, was at once chosen as the medium for some long odds betting. The backers of the son of Musket have since had some cause for anxiety. They were pleased probably when Mr. Cooper gave 3,000 guineas for the horse, and depressed when whispers of his being a cripple were in circulation. More recently still, when the equinoctial changes were the cause of almost universal gloom, the faces of Trenton's followers were wreathed in san- guine smiles. The squalls from the Indian Ocean were more soothing to them than a balmy spring breeze. In the "100 to 3 " division the names of Nelson, Silvermine, Bonnie Doon, Britisher, Krupp, Trident, Sheet Anchor, and Blairgowrie appeared, but only four of them survived the final accept- ance. It was near the end of July before anything sensational occurred. Then, follow- ing closely the announcement of the ring men that they were prepared for serious busi- ness, came the first plunge on Malua. An offer of £5,000 to £100 against this fine son of St. Albans set the pencils in motion, and in a couple of days the ring stood to lose with big bets alone a sum of £20,000 as against the owner's £500. In the following week the name of Ben Bolt, then of less repute than now, was first men- tioned for the greater cup race. The first declaration in August saw the original field of 162 reduced to 112. A revived interest was manifest at the betting clubs, and at this time the report as to Trenton having pulled up lame at Ranwick was first heard. The active division of the ring, who are always liberal when dealing with cripples—provided the cripple is not a biped and a client—tried hard to tempt backers with 100 to one before the news wired from Sydney became public. Yesterday morning a good many would have wished that they had fallen to the tempter. A new King reigned in Israel. When little John beat Meteor in the well-remembered finish for the Winter Handicap at Geelong, there was some inquiry at the clubs, and still more universal inquiry when the beaten horse of the occasion won the Hawkesbury Grand Handicap. So when Trenton went down, Little John appeared at the head of the class. He was not long allowed to hold the position, for the Malua party came again and added some thousands to their possible winnings, and some hundreds to what were considered probable losses. It was difficult to pick a favourite now, for odds of 100 to 3 were being offered without distinction against Little John, Silvermine, Trident Malua, Britisher, Trenton, Krupp, Crossfire, Commotion, Chesham, and Sheet Anchor. What might have been done with Trenton was indicated by the spirit of his backers, under somewhat discouraging circumstances. The mere rumour that he was improving led to the ring men pledging themselves about him to the extent of nearly £10,000. Well into September Malua held pride of place a bare point in advance of Little John, but speculation was dull as the leading members of the ring moved off to Sydney for the early spring racing on the Hawkesbury, and over the adamantine track at Randwick. Little John crept a bit further up the ladder, but Malua answered the effort, and was still one rung higher. As a result of the A.J.C. meeting, however, both were superseded. After Trident's brilliant performances in the A.J.C. Derby and other events, no sensational wagers were required to shorten his price, and Mr. White's colt was the first to touch such com- paratively short odds as 10 to 1. Trident fairly paralysed betting, and rumours of sen- sational offers made for the colt were in cir- culation. It was said that an offer of £10,000 had been refused by his owner. Neither for his value as a racehorse, nor for the stud, would the greatest admirer of this chestnut son of Robinson Crusoe have made such an offer for him, but he was worth quite that sum to the leading bookmakers, if not to his owner. Had the sensational price once offered for another Derby favourite, New- minster, been accepted, the buyers would have long mourned their fatuity, and the backers have gained commiseration, as the victims of a conspiracy, and the same may be said of Trident's case. To Little John either rumour or the ring was somewhat unkind, tempting his owner with a paltry £1,500 only. Those who dream of racehorses may have had visions of prominent betting men offering Mr. White whole hatsful of money, after the familiar picture of the Arab sheik on the showman's tent. While the Derby horse and Ben Bolt were the talk of the town, the New Zealander, Krupp, who had appeared pretty constantly in the betting lists, went wrong, and was scratched for the race. Like the Caulfield Cup winner or a Græco-Roman wrestler, Trenton was now up, then down. This time be was described as very lame indeed, and although not quite " knocked out," he went back considerably in the bet- ting. By the beginning of October the Trident fever was fearfully contagious. Never at the same period in the history of a cup had one horse held such selfish possession of people's fancies. Point by point the odds against him shortened, and the price now quoted was 100 to 17, while Little John and Malua still alternated with each other the credit of second place. Comparisons at first sight were in favour of the horse. If he were as good as his party believed him, no horse could give him three stone and a half. Above all Malua's performances, however, his last Australian Cup victory, when he gave one of the fastest mares in Australia an advantage of 38lbs. and a beating, and carried home the heaviest weight ever borne by a winner in the quickest time recorded for the race, was something for his followers to reflect upon. Even Trident's meteoric career hardly compared with such sterling work as this. The five pounds more weight and quarter of a mile less distance were considered compensating points in the calculation. Trident was still being loaded with money by people who appeared to back without either reason or calculation. When Merrimu retired from the Caulfield Cup, some far- seeing person concluded that the greater race was his mission, and one night at the Vic- toria Club the big chestnut was backed to win a few thousands. He was not to carry the gold cap in this race, for on the day before the final acceptance it was known that he was not to be a starter. Towards the end of the second week in October a trio of tried performers were brought into the market. Silvermine, one of the most unfortunate horses in Australia, was backed for a few thousands, though, had his party confined themselves to place betting, they must have won a fortune. Sheet Anchor and Grace Darling, the pair who ran so hard a race for last year's Cup, again came neck and neck into the market, each being backed on the same night to win £10,000. Those who stood to win on Little John at Flemington were soothed rather than alarmed by his withdrawal from Caulfield, the rumour being that he was saved for the purpose of beating Trident in the two-mile race. The backers of Ben Bolt are not men who do things by halves, and flushed with his victory at Caulfield the bookmakers heard from them frequently on the nights following that race, so that the Caulfield Cup winner was soon second only to Trident in the betting. The events of the last fortnight hardly require reference. Hexham came with a rush as brilliant as his opening run in the Hotham Handicap on Derby day, and he was backed to win nearlv £20,000. Bohemian, Commo- tion, Trenton, Meteor, and Arsenal were all in turn, objects of considerable attention, but even after he had romped through the mud so easily at Moonee Valley, Isonomy's backers were strangely quiet. Trident had not weighed in for the Derby before the ring had shortened his price to threes, and these odds were being called in the hope that with the enthusiasm of the moment backers might plunge recklessly. THE WINNING JOCKEY AND HIS HORSE. The winning jockey, W. English, is able to make a chat about the winning horse and himself very interesting. English, who is only 19 years of age, and as modest as he is young, was born in Maitland, New South Wales, and being always fond of horses, he began a jockey's career about seven years ago in the stable of Mr. Scott, a local turf celebrity. At that time he was quite a feather weight, and scored his first win on Twilight, when he scaled only 3st. 10lb. After doing very well at Maitland, English travelled to make a living, and then attached himself to Mr. Raynor, trainer for Mr. Gannon, the owner of yesterday's Cup winner. The horse, it will be remembered, ran nearly last in last year's Melbourne Cup, although at that time backed for a large sum, and after this fiasco Arsenal was sold by Mr. Dakin to Mr. Gannon, who ran him only once in Sydney for the Christmas Gift, which he did not succeed in winning. It appears that the horse used to strike his heels, and after a good deal of trouble Mr. Raynor managed to remedy this defect, and put him into training for the Melbourne Cup. The horse was also entered for the Metropolitan, but was scratched for that event, and whether this was done to save him and keep him dark for the Melbourne Cup may be left to conjecture. English says that Mr. Ray- nor found that the horse was not well at that time, but the ailment appears to have been so slight that it required a very astute trainer—and this is what the jockey credits Mr. Rayor to be—to discover it, and Arsenal's indisposition was never severe enough to throw him out of work. His pre- paration for yesterday's race has been seven months in progress, and during all this time English rode him at his exercise. He also fed and watered him, and a very good understanding grew up between the pair. English thought Arsenal a " very honest fellow," and the colt always ran very kindly and did his best when his young mentor was on his back. On Friday last the Melbourne Cup winner arrived from Sydney, and was put up at Morrison's stables at Newmarket. The next morning he only cantered after his journey, and on Monday he did the only approach to a trial which could have given the Melbourne touts a true idea of his quality. In this trial, however, he only did a mile with a plater, whose defeat could scarcely afford a " line " to go by, and the stable were able to give Arsenal this finish- ing touch and still keep their secret safe. There is no doubt that for twelve months the horse has been kept idle in the belief, which has been justified at last, that the Melbourne Cup would pay for his oats, and those who saw English ride the race will ad- mit that a better selection for so important a task could not have been made. Of the race itself English, whose victory has left him quite unassuming, says :—" On taking Arsenal out on the course I only gave him one short canter, but liked the way he was moving under me. He was going free and strong, and I knew that he had never been better in his life. I meant to ride a waiting race, and not bustle him along too fast at first. I was not told what to do, as Mr. Raynor always leaves me to ride a race according to my judgment. I got a little nearer the rails than the centre of the field, between Lancer and Silvermine. On the fall of the flag I held Arsenal well in hand to settle him comfortably into his stride without bustling him. We dropped back gradually going up the straight past the grand stand and round the turn until going along by the river we were tenth or eleventh. Then I took hold of Arsenal to push him a little closer up. I had the luck to get a clear run, and Arsenal went up so quick when I moved on him that at the abattoirs I stopped riding him, as we were third, and I thought that would do for a time. I let him go comfortably till coming into the turn into the straight, when I again took hold of him, and he went away with such a dash of foot that I thought we could win. Hexham and Trident were the leaders. I sent Arsenal to catch them, and he collared Hexham in a few strides, and then Trident took Hexham's place and challenged us. I rode Arsenal hard for a little bit, and then eased off, for I had a short lead, and Hales was hard at work on Trident, who I knew had shot his bolt. I heard the whip cutting hard on his flanks, and there is no mistake about that. But when the race seemed all but won Trenton came up on Arsenal's flank, and then I did all I knew to stretch Arsenal to his top speed. I saw after going a few yards that Trenton was keeping stride for stride with Arsenal. I could not get any farther away, and I was very glad he could not get any nearer. I was very glad to keep him where he was Arsenal did his best, as I knew he would. He was all out at the finish, and I don't think he will run in the V.R.C. Handicap on Saturday, for which he is entered. He was fit and well to-day, and is never likely to be a better horse than when he won the Cup. I won nothing by his win, but a gentleman came into the jockeys'-room when I was taking off my boots after the race, and told me to call at the Opera-house club rooms to-night, and I would get £50. I am not going in for the money, but if the gentleman has any principle he will take care that I get it." The last big race that English won was the Hawksbury Stakes. He has been very successful in more races, but so far has not been well enough known on metropolitan courses to get a show with important mounts. THE CUP RACE. With a pull at the bell-rope, Mr. Miles gives the signal to prepare for the great race of the year, and the Mel- bourne Cup for 1886 is about to be run under happy auspices. In the pad- dock on Derby Day it was not difficult to get a glimpse of all the three-year-olds in turn, but he who wishes to see much of a Cup field before the start must not let the grass grow beneath his feet. Long before the time of saddling or starting people clustered about the end of the avenue or bottle-neck leading to the paddock. Here the Cup horses, which have been kept in their boxes until the last moment, come filing through smothered in hoods and barred blankets. The lads riding or guiding them are subject to a crossfire of interrogations from either side—a perpetual " What's that ?"—and in the serious spirit of the hour they generally give the correct answer. Only the legs of the horses are to be seen beneath the rugs, but the legs of a Cup horse are his interesting features. The crown worked in one saddle-cloth with three horseshoes interlinked beneath it, fixed one of Lord Carrington's horses plainly enough, but few owners put even their initials upon their horsecloths. Many people seize the opportunity when the Kensington Stakes is being run to get an uninterrupted view of the Cup horses, and the loyalty of the stable lads in wearing the colours of their employers is a great assistance to casual race-goers in identifying the horses. The filing out from the paddock could hardly be called a parade in this case, one or two struggling out amongst the troopers and the crowd long before the course was cleared, and a dozen others appearing en masse after a long interval. The brown horse Recall, with his mane in plaits, and his stout haunches shining, was an improved animal as compared with the Recall of the Caulfield Cup. Boolka carried his red and white jacket next, but Saturday was deemed to have blighted his prospects. The stout South Australian colt Isonomy, as he moved along, gave the impression of sub- stance and lasting power rather than pace. The deep bay, with flowing black mane and tail, was muscular almost as a roadster, and as he ambled up the straight the easy rocking chair action of an old stock horse was sug- gested. Gold and black were his colours, but so far his spring career had been all gold. The Cup race was to represent the duller tone. The burst of cheering told that old Commo- tion was next in the train. For at least two hours before the race the horse under the lower sheds was ringed about with admiring friends, the old fellow, as usual, with his ears back, threatening to eat any one who came within reach of his teeth. He came out with one foreleg in white bandages, and, although bright and fairly hard, bore in his superflous flesh evidence of indulgence on the training ground. Crossfire, as an Oaks filly, gained some little attention, and after yesterday she will be more noticed than ever. Jack Roach, the light weight of the race, followed on her heels. Everyone had a chance of seeing Silvermine in the paddock, M'Grade being the first jockey down from the weighing-room. Mr. White's three came through the passage together, the Derby winner, with Hales in the saddle, leading, and the ner- vous looking pony Hexham bringing up the rear. Even the Derby winner was over- shadowed in height by Monte Christo. When this horse was first seen at Flemington, a lumbering overgrown foal amongst the starters for the Maribyrnong Plate in the Spring of 1884, everyone said, " What a four- year-old he will be." Yet here he was a four-year- old, and still as unsatisfactory in his doings as the stiver-gray Despot, whom in colour he so much resembles. Mr. Barnard rather flattered this big son of Chester when he gave him 8st. to carry. Neither Little John nor his colour was showy, yet how many eyes were riveted upon him as he came along, and many won- dered whether Cracknell was to repeat the Darriwell coup. The Western horse has something of the bulldog in his appearance. In his opening gallop he propped along in such extraordinary fashion that no one was much enamoured of his pace. Next in the line and most conspicuous was Metal, a grand up- standing brown horse, who would be invin- cible in a show ring. Cyclops is growing more like his relative Malua every day, the colour and points of the two horses being wonderfully alike. Not a few in the paddock mistook the one-eyed horse for the Ingliston crack. Myall King and Lancer passed without much notice, and then came Arsenal, every inch an aristocrat. The brown horse had a most commanding carriage, holding his head high like Grace Darling, and with a rein that would have doubled the value of a park horse. Malua, carrying his owner, conies next. Few horses have carried his weight in the Mel- bourne Cup, though away back in the sixties, Archer, the first great Cup winner, carried 2lb. more, with the all black jacket, to victory against a field of 19, When the struggle of chesnuts was at its climax on Saturday, this greatest of St. Albans' sons was taking a two-miles gallop on the training grounds right under the very noses of touts and backers absorbed in the race for the blue riband. It seems a most legitimate ambition for a racing man to ride his own horse, but Mr. Inglis only took the mount when every effort to get a first-class professional horseman failed. For a time backers of the horse were cheered by the rumour that Batty would ride him, and the Cup course would have been no novelty to the steeplechase jockey, for he rode Wollamai to victory in 1875, the year fol- lowing that memorable Spring when Ashworth with his famous Melbourne rush snatched the Derby from Stockbridge and Batty. Close upon the great gun came Bravo, a light, clean-looking bay, in shape not unlike Plaus- ible, the third horse for the Cup in Malua's year. The forehead band of the horse's bridle was mitred with the stable colours, cardinal and gold. The chestnut colt Lord William carried a mauve jacket corded with red. The traditions of the race were against his colour. Until Saturday, when the " ches- nut Derby " was run, no horse of the colour had won the race, and the only chesnut that ever won the Melbourne Cup was Glencoe. Britisher's light bay skin shone with the gloss of a superb condition, and the blood- like son of John Bull seemed fit to race for a fortune. The rumours floating about the paddock placed him as the first horse of the Dowling Forest, contingent for this occa- sion. Sheet Anchor, looking stout, bright, and muscular, followed his stable companion. Long before the race a score of mining specu- laters were patiently waiting on the benches where Mr. Loughlin's horses always saddle to get a look at the district cracks. The winner of the last Melbourne Cup carried in addition to 17lb. of extra weight some marks of his hurdle race experiences. On his fore leg just above the knee one of the Grand National hurdles had left a little hillock, while the graze of a batten was also notice- able above his stifle joint. Highland Chief, as one of the forlorn division, had no friends, but the next horse re- ceived much notice, and deserved it all. When Trenton last appeared at Flemington it was in colours that have been worthily borne in many a hard-run race. All Vic- torians associate the rose and black stripes with Mr. Hurtle Fisher's memorable vic- tories ! What memories that racing jacket invoked. It seemed to bring into association with the great racers of to-day the names of Angler, Seagull, Charon, Lantern, Lady Heron, Sour Grapes, Explosion, Fishhook, Nathalie and Fenella. The orange jacket now borne by Trenton has yet to gain distinction. It had been easy enough to pick him out in the paddock. A yellow flower through his bridle, the white and orange scarf of the stable-boy, and the initials on the horse rug all helped to identify Trenton. Grace Darling, in moving with her head high in air, her legs close to the ground, has a stride as characteristic as the action of Malua himself. Both seem to glide over the turf, in contrast to those horses who pound it when galloping. Grace Darling's stable companion, The Ghost, is a typical specimen of the pile-driving racehorse. Ben Bolt, who was led into the paddock just as the bell struck for starting the Kensing- ton Stakes, was late in the train, the Caul- field Cup winner, with his squarely cut tail and peculiarly arching crest, suggesting, in appearance, those pictures of English flyers that adorn the pages of the Sporting and Dramatic News. Bohemian was next, his dark brown coat barely relieved by a few silver threads in his flowing tail. The horse's fore legs had a bulbous look, by no means suggestive of bars of steel, and he limped most decidedly in his opening breather. Last of all was Meteor, his jockey in the white, black sleeves and sherry cap, worn by Nicholson in his last race. And although all the racehorses whose deeds are worth remembering have started for the Melbourne Cup, one had but to run his eye over this field to say, " There has never before been such a Cup field." Here were winners of Champion races, Cups, and Derbies, Commotion sharing with Zoe, Mormon, and First King the honours of Champion doubles. Malua, winner of Mel- bourne, Adelaide, and Australian Cups ; Trident, victor in the two Derbies of the spring ; Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling, Isonomy, Ben Bolt, and Meteor, all Cup winners. Perhaps three horses were want- ing, Nordenfelt, Nelson, and Matchlock, to make it a representative field of the two-mile horses of Australia. A few seconds before the race one solitary bookmaker and his brown leather bag were in possession of the ring of turf where the bets are made. As the horses ranged in line a crowd of people gathered behind them, and before any- one could pick out the positions they came without a waver into line, the red flag fell, and to a splendid start the Cup horses were in motion. The great performers seemed to come to the front in a body, Trident, Malua, and Commotion threading out of the cluster, and leading the charge. At the tan the gold jacket on Silvermine was the foremost point in the mass of colour, and on his left flanks showed faintly the green spots on a white ground of Recall. The Caulfield Cup favourites were making the pace, as Britisher and Boolka also could be picked out of the front division as the field came to the tan cross- ing. As the horses passed the stand universal attention centred on the dark horse Little John, who was plodding along, 50 yards behind any other in the race, and already most decisively beaten. The dust that flew from beneath the horses' feet showed that the turf was firm and fast. Rounding the curve to the river Bravo went up to Silvermine, but the Sydney horse disputed possession for an instant only, and as he retired Arsenal ap- peared amongst the leaders. Under cover of the cloud of dust by the bridges changes took place that no race glass could have noted, the one thing manifest to all being the forward dash of Hexham, whom Huxley was driving along in the interests of Trident. When the field strung out, and became a confused line of colour in the distance, it suggested faintly the idea of some great coloured centipede, with its hundred legs dangling under the white railing that marked the course. The horses were galloping hard, but not yet racing. The riders were sitting upright, their arms rigid with the strain on the bit, the loose silken sleeves throbbing in the wind. One or two in the leading division were shaking their heads and clinking their bits in protest against the irksome tension of the bridle rein. As the back was gained Arsenal was drawing up slowly, very slowly ; a great many mistaking the colours for the gold and black bars of Isonomy. The gallant little Hexham still held his own, and as the leading horses quickened, the chesnut, too, strode along faster than ever, and held his place. After passing this point the Derby winner showed for the first time in the front of the group, Hales's blue jacket being flanked by the cardinal of Kitawa and the gold of Silvermine. Isonomy, though nearing the end of the mile and a half that was supposed to be his limit, yet galloped strongly. In the first dozen, as they turned into the bend, were the colours of at least three horses whose victory meant ruin for the ring. Trident had taken third place ; the red and black jacket of Ben Bolt, confused for a moment with the somewhat similar costume on Myall King, was moving warily on the outer edge of the crush, exactly as it was carried in the approaches to the straight at Caulfield ; and the brilliant orange of Trenton appeared like the jacket of a second jockey on Meteor, imme- diately to the left of the New Zealander. There is a moment of doubt as the horses run obliquely towards the crowd, and the leaders appear only as part of a line in which no horse holds advantage. Loungers on the long, cool grass of the bend had a glimpse through the dust of the staring eyes and wide red nostrils of the horses, and of a d0zen faces, rigid and serious and white with the intense strain of those flying three minutes. One rider, a mere flash of blue in the ruck, screams something to a right-hand rival, and, just as the whips begin to crack like the flying sparks of a bush fire, the 28 horses plunge out into the straight, and in full view of the thousands wheel for home. Two of Mr. White's horses are in front. Hexham has done his work well and still struggles gamely at the head of the field. Like Vol- cano in the Derby the little horse is being ridden out. At his heels is Arsenal, still a stranger to thousands ; Trident is third, the brighter chesnut Lord William almost at his side. Silvermine partly obscures the half mourning of the filly Crossfire, and three great horses in Trenton, Ben Bolt, and Sheet Author are all side by side, both Colley and Robertson hustling their horses for- ward for a final run. From half way down the race was hardly ever in doubt. Hexham gave up the lead to Arsenal, and then Trident made his effort. For a minute, as the people shouted his name in the frenzy that takes possession of the crowd in the last few seconds of the struggle, the Derby horse seemed to be gaining, but a dozen strides showed that he could never reach the post with Arsenal. Robertson, on Trenton, had ridden hard almost from the turn, and when Sheet Anchor failed, only Trenton and Silvermine were at all dangerous. The bay horse outlasted the black, and, coming from the distance with a final rush on the outside, got within a long neck of the leader as the post was gained. Arsenal had won, but as he came back to the weigh- ing sheds scarcely a cheer except the plaudits from the ring was raised in his honour. Robertson, most unfortunate of horsemen in having so often had to content himself with second in a big race, had to lift his hat to rounds of ringing cheers—a com- pliment to both horse and rider. Silvermine, the greatest place horse in Australia, was third, and Trident next to him, so that although beaten the favourites made a gallant struggle. It was something of a coincidence that the Derby winner of this year should have finished in exactly the same place as that filled in the last Cup race by Nordenfelt, winner of that year's Derby. When Arsenal was led along the lawn after the race there was an ominous hush, which told that the winners by this son of Goldsbrough were few and far between. The silence seemed an undeserved slight upon a handsome horse, who had won a most genuine race, though the time was a couple of seconds slower than Sheet Anchor's record of last year. The winner is by Goldsbrough from Powder, and through his dam, an English-bred mare, has a strain of the famed Flatcatcher blood, while his sire, running in the colours of Mr. John Tait, was a winner of the A.J.C. St. Leger and Metropolitan Stakes. Arsenal was bred by Mr. F. Reynolds, of New South Wales, and was bought at the annual sale of Tocal yearlings by Mr. W. Pearson, who gave 625 guineas for the colt, and afterwards sold him to his present owner. The following are details of the race :— MELBOURNE CUP, Of 20 sovs. each, with 2,000 added. Second horse 500 sovs., and the third 300 sovs. Two miles. Mr. W. Gannon's br c Arsenal, by Goldsbrough— Powder, 4 yrs, 7st. 4lb., carried 7st. 5lb. (English) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 Mr. W. Cooper's b h Trenton, 5 yrs, 9st. 5lb. (Robertson) .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 Mr. H. R. Falkiner's bl or g h Silvermine, 5 yrs, 7st. 10lb. (M'Grade) .. .. .. .. .. .. 3 Mr. J. O. Inglis's b h Malua, aged, 10st. (owner) .. 0 Hon. W. Pearson's b h Commotion, aged, 9st. 9lb. (Power) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. M. Loughlin's br h Sheet Anchor, aged, 9st. (Colley) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. J. G. Reid's ch m Grace Darling, aged, 8st. 11lb. (J. Williams) .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. M. Locke's b c Isonomy, 4yrs, 8st. 3lb., in- cluding 5lb. penalty (Quinn) .. .. .. 0 Hon. J. White's g c Monte Christo, 4 yrs, 8st. (Ellis) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. T. Jones's br h Bohemian, 5 yrs, 8st., in- cluding 10lb. penalty (Gallagher) .. .. 0 Mr. M. Loughlin's b g Britisher, aged, 7st. 13lb. (Fallon) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. R. K. Maitland's b h Meteor, 6 yrs, 7st. 11lb., including 7lb. penalty (Fiddes) .. .. .. 0 Mr. S. Miller's br h Boolka, aged, 7st. 10lb., car- ried 7st. 11lb. (Olds) .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. W. Strickland's b h Ben Bolt, 5 yrs, 7st. 10lb., including 10lb. penalty (O'Brien) .. .. .. 0 Mr. T. Coffey's br c Kitawa, 4 yrs, 7st. 9lb., in- cluding 3lb. penalty (Cox) .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. J. R. Smith's b g Lancer, 6 yrs, 7st. 8lb. (B. Williams) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. F. Henty's b c Cyclops, 4 yrs, 7st. 7lb., car- ried 7st. 8lb. (Williamson) .. .. .. .. 0 Hon. J. White's ch c Trident, 3 yrs, 7st. 7lb., carried 7st. 5lb. (Hales) .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. M. Jacobs's b h Metal, 5 yrs, 7st. 2lb. (Sanders) 0 Hon. W. A. Long's br f Crossfire, 3 yrs, 7st. 1lb. (J. Bence) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. R. Orr's b c Recall, 4 yrs, 6st. 11lb. (Gorry) .. 0 Hon. J. Eales's br g Myall King, 4 yrs, 6st. 9lb. (Casey) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. W. Duggan ns ch c Lord William, 3 yrs, 6st. 9lb. (J. Gough) .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. W. Moran's br h Little John, 6 yrs, 6st. 7lb. (Cracknell) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. W. E. Royd's b c Bravo, 3 yrs, 6st. 6lb. (Campbell) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Hon. J. White's ch c Hexham, 4 yrs, 6st. 5lb., carried 6st. 6lb. (Huxley) .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. R. G. Talbot's b c Highland Chief, 4 yrs, 6st. (Morrison) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. J. Calvert's bl g Jack Roach, 5 yrs, 6st., car- ried 6st. 2lb. (D. Williams) .. .. .. .. 0 Betting.—5 to 1 agst Trident, 6 to 1 agst Isonomy, 8 to 1 agst Meteor and Ben Bolt, 10 to 1 agst Little John, 12 to 1 agst Trenton, 14 to 1 agst Silvermine and Malua, 15 to 1 agst Arsenal, 20 to 1 agst Britisher, 25 to 1 agst Hexham and Bohemian, 33 to 1 agst Sheet Anchor and Cyclops, 40 to 1 agst Monte Christo, 50 to 1 agst Jack Roach and Bravo, 100 to 1 agst Highland Chief. From a splendid start the first to show clear were Trident, Commotion, and Meteor, but before they had made half-a-dozen strides Malua on the inside appeared to be leading slightly, while Recall was close on his whip hand. Crossing the tan gallop, Silvermine had taken the lead with Recall, and Bravo at his heels, the second division being made up of Meteor, Hexham, and the light-weight Jack Roach. As they entered the main straight Silver- mine still held the lead, but otherwise there were material changes in the front division, Boolka, Kitawa, Isonomy, and Britisher now appearing there, while the colours of Meteor and Recall were still holding a prominent place. Slivermine was leading at the distance, where he was immediately followed by Meteor and Boolka, the New South Wales horse Bravo running next, and steadily improving his position. Isonomy, Kitawa, and Recall were next, and Metal headed the bulk of the horses. Passing the stand Bravo had drawn almost level with Silvermine, Metal, Recall, Isonomy, and Meteor being the next group, with Arsenal, Kitawa, and Britisher following. Little John was a bad last, twenty lengths in the rear of the other horses. Rounding the bend to the river Bravo drew up to andpassed Silvermine for an instant, Metal, Arsenal, Isonomy and Meteor all in close at- tendance. In this stretch Hexham showed for the first time towards the head of the field, and at the bridge he moved out for a slight lead from Kitawa, Bravo, and Isonomy. Racing along the back, Silvermine challenged Hexham for the lead, but the little chesnut held his own, and the pair were just clear of Kitawa, Isonomy, and Arsenal. At this point Hales brought Trident out from the ruck, and the Derby winner took a place with the first half-dozen. At the abattoirs Hexham was in front, but Arsenal had replaced Silvermine, who fell to the rear of the front group, although still going freely. At the sheds the first two kept their places, and Trident was running at the head of the main cluster of horses. Round the bend Hexham, Silvermine, and Arsenal fought for places, and just as they gained the straight Mr. White's little horse was beaten, and Arsenal took his place in the lead, the horses following him into the clear running being Trident, Lord William, Silvermine, Crossfire, Ben Bolt, Trenton, Meteor, Sheet Anchor, and Myall King. At the distance Arsenal was leading, and finishing strongly, neither Trident nor Silvermine being able to get on terms with him, although both Hales and M'Grade were hard upon their horses. Trenton and Sheet Anchor were both coming well. At the half distance the Cup winner of last year faded away, but Trenton going strongly on the outside passed Trident and Silvermine in turn, but the effort was too late, and Arsenal won by a long neck, Trenton beating Silver- mine for second place by a length. Trident was fourth, Sheet Anchor fifth, Myall King sixth, Cross- fire seventh, Malua next, and Grace Darling and Metal last. Time, 3m. 31s. WINNERS OF THE MELBOURNE CUP Yr.| Owner. | Winner and Age. | W. st. lb.| S.| Time m. s. 1861 | Mr. De Mestre .. | 9 7 | 17 | 3 52 1862 | Mr. De Mestre .. 1863 | Mr. Harper .. 1864 | Mr. H. Fisher .. 1865 | Mr. Marshall .. 1866 | Mr. J. Tait .. 1867 | Mr. De Mestre .. Archer, 5 yrs .. Archer, 6 yrs .. Banker, 3 yrs .. Lantern, 3 yrs .. Toryboy, aged .. The Barb, 3 yrs Tim Whiffler, 5 yrs .. .. 1868 | Mr. J. Tait .. | Glencoe, 4 yrs .. 1869 | Mr. Saqui .. | Warrier, 6 yrs .. 1870 | Mr. W. Craig .. | Nimblefoot, aged 1871 | Mr. J. Tait .. | The Pearl, 5 yrs 1872 | Mr. J. Tait .. | The Quack, 6 yrs 1873 | Mr. W. Johnson | Don Juan, 4 yrs 1874 | Mr. A. Chirnside | Haricot, 4 yrs .. 6 11+ 10 2 | 20 | 3 47 5 4 | 7 | 3 44 6 3 | 19 | 3 52 7 0 | 23 | 3 44 28 | 3 43 8 11* | 27 | 3 39 9 1* | 25 | 3 42 8 10 | 26 | 3 40 6 3* | 28 | 3 37 7 3* | 23 | 3 39 1875 | Mr. Sharp .. 1876 | Mr. J. Wilson .. 1877 | Mr. J. White .. 1878 | Mr. De Mestre .. 1879 | Mr. W. Rawlingson 1880 | Mr. W. A. Long .. 1881 | Mr. C. M'Donnell | Zulu, 4 yrs .. | 5 10* | 33 | 3 32½ 1882 | Mr. J. E. Savill | The Assyrian, 5 yrs .. .. | 7 10 | 25 | 3 40 Wollomai, 6 yrs Briseis, 3 yrs Chester, 3 yrs Calamia, 5 yrs Darriwell, 5 yrs Grand Flaneur, 3 yrs .. .. 1883 | Hon. J. White .. | Martini - Henry, 3 yrs .. .. Malua, 5 yrs .. 1884 | Mr. J. O. Inglis .. 1885 | Mr. M. Loughlin | Sheet Anchor 1886 | Mr. W. Gannon . | Arsenal, 4 yrs .. 7 10 | 22 | 3 39 6 12 | 24 | 3 36 6 7 | 18 | 3 37½ 7 8 | 20 | 38 6 4 | 33 | 3 36¼ 6 12 | 33 | 3 33½ 8 2 | 30 | 3 35¾ 7 4 | 27 | 3 30¾ 6 10 | 22 | 3 34¾ 7 5 | 29 | 3 30½ 9 9 | 24 | 3 31¾ 7 11 | 35 | 3 29½ 7 5 | 28 | 3 31 *Including 3lb. penalty. +Including 2lb. over. GENERAL RACING. The business of the day opened with the Hurdle Race, and though the starters were reduced to seven, those left in were of such high class that an interesting race was antici- pated.Huntsman being withdrawn early, Blue Mountain had the call in the betting, and went out at 6 to 4 against. The followers of the stable were the principal backers, as the horse was very little known outside the Ballarat district. The son of Croagh Patrick was in excellent condition, and had satis- factorily answered the question in a recent trial at Dowling Forest. The Agent had the services of Corrigan, and though the little horse appeared less gay than of late, he was persistently backed down to 3 to 1. Caloola and Ocean had strong support, the New South Wales division being of opinion that if the former could beat The Agent he must win. Sir Launcelot, another Balla- rat representative, and winner of the Maiden Hurdle Race at the Grand National Meeting, was not at his best, and, moreover, bears the reputation of not being a stayer. The favourite led the field at a moderate pace past the stand, and with Encore and Sir Launcelot played the most prominent part for half the journey. Before entering the straight the first time round Blue Mountain came back to his horses, and Sir Launcelot carried on the running past the stand, having for his attendants Encore, the favourite, Ocean, and Caloola, and The Agent several lengths away going unkindly. At the back Sir Launcelot was done with, and though he still struggled on at the head of the field, it was a forlorn hope. At the abbatoirs he had gone his distance, and was supplanted by Ocean, who in turn gave way to Blue Mountain the instant the favourite was called on. Corrigan shook up The Agent for a final effort, but the little horse was unable to respond, nor was Caloola's at- tempt attended with any greater success. Blue Mountain had the field beaten before the distance was reached, and won with the greatest of ease from Ocean. Encore came with a dash at the end, and was only beaten for second place by a neck. The other four were pulled off at the end of the lawn, when further pursuit was hopeless. The heavy scratchings reduced the large number of 58 set down on the programme for the Railway Handicap to 18, and of these nearly a dozen were supported at figures ranging from 4's to 10's to 1. When they were fairly set going Pocahontas, who is very quick in getting away, led the field by two lengths. Chesham and Hogmanay were both slow to move, and had to make up several lengths before get- ting on anything like terms with the others. At the tan Pocahontas was still leading the way, with Chesham, who came through very fast, second, and Gadfly and Toronto almost abreast of him. Inside the course proper Toronto displaced Chesham, and Gadfly ran the second to the Derby winner close for third place. Inside the distance, Sedition came from the ruck, and joined the leaders, and Albanus made his effort. None of them could reach Pocahontas, and the mare won in 1m. 16¾s. from Albanus ; Toronto, half a length away, being third. Sedition headed the second division, consist- ing of Burrilda, Edith, Gadfly, and Hogmanay, and Tarpeia brought up the rear. After the interval for luncheon, the Ken- sington Stakes, another race for two-year- olds, but a furlong less in distance, came on for decision, and half a dozen went down to the post. Eckersley was made the favourite, and the nice price of 4 to 1 in a small field was to be had about Sumatra. As Hales had the mount the public backed the blue and white for a good sum. Sunshade, on the rails, had the best of an ordinary start, but they had not gone many strides before Sumatra disputed the supremacy of position. Mistletoe, too, was prominent on the outside, and Whiting on Lord Carrington's filly made a wild effort to get on terms with the leaders. The favourite lay about a length away in the centre of the course, and Liedertafel drove them along from behind. Approaching the carriage paddock Eckersley made a run at Sumatra, but the Kirkham representative was not to be denied. Answering one call from Hales, the daughter of The Pontiff came on and won easily by two lengths. Mistletoe, who ran with more gameness than on Saturday, was third ; Sun- shade, Jessica, and Liedertafel all badly beaten. On being submitted to auction the winner was bought by Mr. A. Davis for £510, of which the club receives £210. After the termination of the great race of the year, the attention given to the Nursery Handicap, another five furlong spurt, was most mediocre. Of the 44 on the card 19 only were taken in hand by Mr. Watson, and of these Huntingtower, on his Saturday's running, went out a strong favourite. Open- ing at 4 to 1, Mr. Coopers colt hardened to 6 to 4. The next best backed were Bedouin and Aberdeen, while 10's to 1 were booked about Perhaps. The details of the race are soon told. Abydos, Query, and Murmur were alternately indulged with the lead, but the favourite was always in a good position, and when called upon drew away from his field, and won by a length. Per- haps came through on the outside at the dis- tance- post, but was a good length away when she passed the judge's box. Bedouin was third, and only beaten by a neck. The day's proceedings were brought to a termination with the Yan Yean Stakes, always a popular race both with owners and the public. The large number of 56 had accepted for the mile event, but the whole- sale scratching reduced the number to 10, and Ellington was chosen from the outset to carry the bulk of the public money. Pocahontas, notwithstanding his struggle in the Railway Handicap, was also supported at 3 to 1, and The Levite, Hogmanay, Kingfish, and Goldlake had a few friends. The race was interesting from start to finish. The lead was alternately taken by Pocahontas and Ellington, but on entering the straight The Levite was brought through, and won by a length. Hogmanay beat the favourite by three lengths. The two beaten Derby candi- dates, First Consul and Kingfish, were never very prominent in the race. The following are the details of the racing :— HURDLE RACE, Of 10 sovs. each, with 250 added ; second, 50 sovs About three miles. Mr. J. Scobie's bl h Blue Mountain, by Croagh Patrick—Mountain Maid, 5 yrs, 9st. 9lb., carried 10st. (Owner) .. .. .. .. .. .. 1 Mr. W. Moffatt's b g Ocean, aged 10st. 9lb. (Fergu- son) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 Mr. A .Halinbourg's ch g Encore, aged, 9st. 4lb. (Taylor) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 3 Messrs. W. and J. Lee's b g Caloola, 6 yrs, 12st.. 10lb. (Keighran) .. .. .. .. .. 0 Hon. W. A. Long's ch h The Agent, aged, 12st. 7lb. (Corrigan) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. W. Bailey's b g Sir Launcelot, 5 yrs, 10st. 12lb. (Carey) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. H. Manly's b g Little Jack aged, 9st., carried 9st. 2lb. (Gaghan) .. .. .. .. .. 0 Betting.—6 to 4 agst Blue Mountain, 3 to 1 agst The Agent, 4 to 1 agst Caloola, 5 to 1 agst Ocean, 7 to 1 agst Encore, 20 to 1 Sir Launcelot and Little Jack. Only seven out of 13 faced the starter for the first event on the programme. They were marshalled in line without much trouble, and at the word to go Blue Mountain was the first to make play, followed by Ocean, Little Jack, The Agent, and Encore, the rest being together, with Sir Launcelot last. As they left the turn the same order was maintained, the pace being very slow. At the back Ocean ran into first place, and Sir Launcelot came through from the rear to a prominent position ; then came Little Jack, Blue Mountain, The Agent, Encore, and Caloola. Passing the bridge and on to the abbatoirs the positions were unchanged, except that Encore closed with the leaders. At the sheds Sir Launcelot had his head in front of Encore, who was followed at in- tervals of one to four lengths by Blue Mountain, Ocean, Little Jack, The Agent, and Caloola. At the home turn Sir Launcelot still carried on the running, Caloola worked up among the centre division, and Blue Mountain was pulled back to The Agent and Caloola. Entering the straight Blue Mountain, going very strongly, ran past Encore and Caloola. Sir Launcelot led the field over the hurdle opposite the carriage paddock, with the others in the following order :—Encore, Blue Mountain, Ocean, and Caloola together, The Agent four lengths behinds these, and Little Jack last. In these positions they passed the stand, all jumping well, especially Sir Launcelot. Rounding the turn opposite the stewards' stand for the second time, Encore ran up to the Ballarat horse, and Blue Mountain still going strongly in the third place. Ocean, The Agent, and Caloola were together, and Little Jack sternchasing the lot. At the bridge Ocean had im- proved his position, and from here the field closed up. Ocean carried on the running to the abbatoirs, Caloola and The Agent ran alongside Blue Mountain, and Sir Launcelot, who held the lead the greater part of the journey, dropped back beaten. Fairly into the straight Blue Mountain challenged Ocean, and having easily disposed of him, came on and won with the greatest of ease by a length. There was a splendid finish for second place, in which Ocean beat Encore by a long neck. Then came The Agent, Little Jack, Caloola, and Sir Launcelot last. Time, 5m. 52¾s. RAILWAY HANDICAP. Of 5 sovs. each, with 200 added ; second, 50 sovs. Six furlongs. Mr. C. S. Agnew's ch m Pocahontas, aged by St. Albans—Miss Jackson, 7st. 11lb. (C. Hutches) .. 1 Mr. A. Halinbourg's ch c Albanus, 4 yrs, 7st. 3lb., carried 7st. 4lb. (Cox) .. .. .. .. 2 Mr. H. Oxenham's b g Toronto (late Otranto) 6 yrs, 7st. 5lb. (Harris) .. .. .. .. .. 3 Mr. D. Cooper's ch c Chesham, 3 yrs, 8st. 10lb. (Robertson) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. W. A. Sparkes's br or bl Zeno, 5 yrs, 8st. 5lb. (Ellis) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. A. F. Smart's br c Burrilda, 4 yrs, 8st. 2lb. (Jas. Gough) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. J. Cohen's br f Edith, 3 yrs, 8st. (Sanders) .. 0 Mr. S. Martin's b g Hogmanay, aged, 7st. 10lb. (Hales) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. R. Howie's br c Huron, 4 yrs, 7st. 8lb. (Howie) 0 Mr. E. W. Ellis's b or br c Trojan, 3 yrs, 7st. 7lb. (Campbell) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. W. A. Filgate's ch m Tarpeia, 5 yrs, 7st. 7lb., carried 7st. 8lb. (Fagg) .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. D. S. Wallace's b f Essie, 3 yrs, 7st. 6lb. (Fallon) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. M. Jacobs's ch f Sedition, 4 yrs, 7st. 4lb. (Williamson) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. J. G. Reid's b or br f Gadfly, 3 yrs, 7st. 3lb. (Gorry) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. T. Rennison's b g Maroney, aged, 7st. (Ramage) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Sir W. J. Clarke's br c Fish o' Silver, 4 yrs, 6st. 8lb., carried 6st. 11lb. (Johnson) .. .. .. 0 Mr. S. Gardiner's br f Rosary, 3 yrs, 6st. 2lb. (John Gough) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. J. M'Grade's b g Mustang, 6yrs, 6st. 2lb. (Bence) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Betting.—4 to 1 agst Pocahontas, 6 to 1 agst Chesham and Trojan, 8 to 1 agst Toronto and Sedition, 10 to 1 agst Hogmanay, Huron, and Albanus. There were 58 runners on the card for the Railway Handicap, but these were reduced by scratching to 18\. They were despatched to a very straggling start, of which the favourite had about two lengths the best, Chesham and Hogmanay being left at the post. as soon as they were fairly going the colours of Toronto, Gadfly, Zeno, and Trojan were most prominent, all close together, and at the heels of Pocahontas. As they crossed the tan, Pocahontas was still leading, Chesham had worked his way through to the front division, and was between and on about even terms with Gadfly and Toronto. Entering the course proper, the favourite (on the rails) was first, Toronto next, a length away, then came Gadfly, Chesham, Trojan, and Sedition in the centre, Albanus coming through, Hogmanay, burrilda, and Edith four lengths behind, and Tarpeia whipping in. At the distance there was very little alteration, and when well inside Pocahontas drew still further away. Albanus ran into second place, heading Toronto by half a length, and then followed at short distance Sedition, Burrilda, Edith, Gadfly, Cheham, Hogmanay, and the others spread out, with Tarpeia a bad last. In this order they finished, the favourite winning from Albanus by three-quarters of a length, and half a length separating the second and third horses. Time, 1m. 16¾s. KENSINGTON STAKES, Of 10 sovs. each, with 250 added. For two-year- olds. The winner to be sold for £300. five furlongs. Hon. J. White's br f Sumatra, by The Pontiff— Malacca, 8st. (Hales) .. .. .. .. .. 1 Hon. W. A. Long's br g Eckersley, 8st. (Gallagher) 2 Mr. J. D. Robertson's b f Mistletoe, 8st. (Fiddes) .. 3 Mr. S. G. Cook's b f Liedertafel, 8st. (Dalton) .. 0 Mr. A. Halinbourg's br f Sunshade, 8st. (Sanders) 0 Lord Carrington's b f Jessica, 8st. (Whiting) .. 0 Betting.—6 to 4 agst Eckersley, 4 to 1 agst Sumatra and Sunshade. The six youngsters gave no trouble at the start, and were set going on fairly even terms. Sunshade was on the inside, and appeared to have a slight advantage when the flag went down, but before they had reached the tan crossing, Sumatra, from the centre, rushed to the front, Mistletoe on the extreme outside was on about even terms with the leader, the favourite a length behind, and Jessica and Liedertafel together, last. At the distance Sumatra, going well, was still at the head of the field ; Eckersley had worked up to second place ; then came Mistletoe, Sunshade, Jessica, and Liedertafel, the two latter completely out of it. At the half distance Hales brought on Sumatra, and though the favourite made a strong effort to get up he was beaten some- what easily by two lengths. Mistletoe, three lengths away, was third ; Sunshade fourth, Jessica fifth, and Liedertafel, pulled off, last. Time, 1m. 4½s. The winner was bought by Mr. A. Davis for £510. NURSERY HANDICAP Of 5 sovs. each, with 200 added ; second, 50 sovs., and the third 25 sovs. For two-year-olds. Five furlongs. Mr. D. Cooper's br c Huntingtower, by Darebin— Atholine, 8st. 10lb. (Robertson) .. .. .. 1 Mr. J. H. Hill's b f Perhaps, 8st. 3lb. (Fagg) .. 2 Hon. W. Pearson's br c Bedouin, 8st. 7lb. (Power) 3 Hon. J. White's b c Aberdeen, 8st. 4lb. (Hales .. 0 Mr. J. Wilson's (jun.) ch f Query, 7st. 8lb. (Moore) 0 Mr. W. C. Cooper's b c Abydos, 7st. 7lb. (Spider) .. 0 Mr. A. Harvey's b f Hinemoa, 7st. 7lb. (Cleasly) .. 0 Lord Carrington's br f Esperance, 7st. 7lb. (Whiting) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. T. Coffey's br f Patience, 7st. 6lb. (Williamson) 0 Mr. R. G. Talbot's ch c Lord Allen, 7st. 6lb. (Neesam) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. R. Howie's ch f St. Ursula, 7st. 5lb. (Gough) .. 0 Mr. J. Haimes's br c Albert Loddon, 7st. 4lb. (Cracknell) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. J. R. Crooke's b c Casuist, 7st. 4lb., carried 7st. 7lb. (Trahan) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. A. Chalk's b f Murmur, 7st. 2lb. (Howie) .. 0 Mr. E. W. Ellis's b c Æneas, 7st. (Walker) .. .. 0 Hon. W. Pearson's b c Citadel, 7st., carried 7st. 11lb. (Bruce) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. J. Harper's b g Julian Gray, 6st. 9lb. (Bence) 0 Mr. S. Miller's br f Eira, 6st. 9lb. (Turner) .. .. 0 Mr. S. Horsfall's b c St. Michael, 6st. 7lb. (Wil- liams) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Betting.—6 to 4 (at first 4 to 1) agst Huntingtower, 6 to 1 agst Bedouin and Aberdeen, 10 to 1 agst Perhaps. With Hortense out of the way, Huntingtower had the call in the betting over the 19 starters. The start was a tolerably good one. The favourite got away as well as anything, and with him were Abydos, Bedouin, and Esperance. Query was also in a good position. At the tan crossing the order was Query half a length in front of Abydos, Huntingtower next on his quarter, Bedouin, Murmur, Esperance, Per- haps, and the rest together. When they were inside the course proper, Murmur ran up to the leading horses, with Abydos next, Huntingtower, Bedouin, and the remainder scattered across the course and some lengths away. At the distance post the favour- ite commenced to reduce the gap between himself and Abydos, and before they had reached the end of the carriage-paddock had caught and beaten him. Murmur fell back, Bedouin and Esperance also passed Abydos, and Perhaps here made her effort, coming very fast on the out- side. The favourite carried them past the lawn, with Bedouin, Perhaps, and Esperance in close attendance. Albert Loddon made a rush at the finish, but was unable to get up, and they passed the post in the following order —Huntingtower a length in front of Perhaps, and Bedouin only beaten by a neck for second honours. Then came Albert Loddon, Lord Allen, Esperance, the rest scattered over several lengths, and driven home by Patience. Time, 1m. 4½s. THE YAN YEAN STAKES, Of 3 sovs. each, with 100 added. One mile. Mr. C. L. Macdonald's b h The Levite, by Yatten- don—Q.E.D, aged, 7st. 6lb. (Campbell) .. .. 1 Mr. S. Martin's b g Hogmanay, aged, 7st. 9lb. (Hales) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 2 Mr. H. Oxenham's b g Ellington, aged, 6st. 12lb. (Gorry) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 3 Mr. G. Hill's b c Kingfish, 3 yrs, 7st. 13lb. (M Grade) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. C. S. Agnew's ch m Pocahontas, aged, 8st. 2lb., including 7lb. penalty (Hutchens) .. .. 0 Sir W. J. Clarke's br c First Consul, 3 yrs, 7st. 7lb., carried 7st. 8lb. (Bruce) .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. M. Locke's b g Satyr, 6 yrs, 7st. 5lb., carried 7st. 7lb. (Fugg) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. A Halinbourg's ch c Albanus, 4 yrs, 7st. 2lb. (Bench) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Messrs. Matthews and Son's br h Gold Lake, 5 yrs, 6st. 10lb. (Gough) .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. S. Gardiner's br c Shark, 3 yrs, 6st. 8lb (W. Campbell) .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Betting.—2 to 1 (at first 5 to 1) agst Ellington, 3 to 1 agst Pocahontas, 6 to 1 agst The Levite, 7 to 1 agst Hogmanay, 10 to 1 agst Kingfish and Goldlake. Ellington was made the favourite at short odds. At the fall of the flag Pocahontas as usual made play, followed by Gold Lake, Albanus, and Ellington. The Levite piloted the second division, consisting of First Consul, Kingfish, Hogmanay, Satyr, and Shark, who got away indifferently, a long distance in the rear. Before they had reached the abattoirs the favourite had run into second position, and up on to the leader's quarters, Kingfish was next, then Satyr and The Levite, and the others in the order previously named. At the sheds the positions were unchanged, except that Shark had dropped still further behind, and was 100 yards from the leaders. At the home turn the order was Pocahontas still leading, Ellington, Satyr, Kingfish, the others all to- gether, not half a length separating anything but Shark. Before the straight was reached Ellington had caught Pocahontas, and The Levite commenced to gradually overhaul the four or five horses in front of him. Satyr dropped back, Albanus was brought up to second position, and the four drew away from the field. Pocohontas disputed the lead from the favourite as they came home, and again assumed a half-length advantage. At the distance The Levite, who had been in a good position from the sheds and going strong, successfully passed Albanus, Ellington, and Pocahontas, and Hogmanay made his effort. Goldlake's colours were also prominent at this point. Opposite the lawn The Levite was a clean length away from his field. Hogmanay rushed into second place, but was unable to reach The Levite who won by half a length. Hogmanay beat the favourite by three lengths, and a short head separated the third horse from Goldlake. Then came Albanus, First Consul, Satyr, Pocahontas, King- fish, and Shark last. Time, 1m. 43½s. THE OMNIBUS AND TRAMWAY TRAFFIC. The number of persons conveyed to and from the course yesterday by omnibus was slightly in excess of 2,500, being considerably less, however, than on Cup day 1885 and in previous years. It was anticipated by the company that there would not be as many persons going to the course by the road, and accordingly the number of omnibuses which usually plied between the city and the course was reduced by half. The falling off in the omnibus traffic was ascribed to the con- venience of the trams in carrying passengers to the Spencer-street railway station, which was experienced for the first time in con- nexion with Cup Day traffic. Forty trams ran on each of the lines during the busiest hours of yesterday. On ordinary days only half that number are employed, but, even with the increased accommodation, the cars were crowded. From about half- past 10 o'clock the trams passing through the city were filled with passengers bound for the racecourse viâ the railway, but at the corners of the streets intersected by the line, other intending passengers waited, and by the time Spencer-street was reached very little of the cars could be seen for the persons hanging on all around them. The same state of affairs existed when the rush of persons back from the course commenced. The cars intended for the new Victoria-street line were used partly on the Richmond and partly on the Fitzroy line. Extra conductors, shunters, and look-outs at the street corners were employed during the stress of traffic, and the result was that everything ran smoothly, and without accident. The tramway officials were ably assisted by a body of experienced constables in controlling the traffic in the city. THE EVENING ENTERTAINMENTS. The aspect of the auditorium of the Theatre Royal last night was remarkably similar to the scene witnessed at the first production of a pantomime in the olden days. Every division of the house was packed to overflowing, and the holiday audience lavished unstinted applause on the striking spectacles with which " Human Nature " abounds. " Turned Up," which has amused city folk for some weeks past, was just as successful in evoking laughter from the crowd of country visitors who formed the major portion of the vast audience that filled Her Majesty's Opera-house last night. To-morrow evening His Excellency the Governor, Lord Carrington, Sir William Robinson, and Sir George Strahan will be present at this theatre, and on Friday night " Turned Up " will be performed for the last time. The Bijou Theatre presented a brilliant appearance last night, when the stalls were laid into the dress circle, and every seat in all parts of the house, with the exception of the gallery, was occupied. His Excellency the Governor, Lord and Lady Carrington, Sir William Robinson, Sir George Strahan, Admiral Tryon, and party occupied the centre box, and were received with applause, the whole audience rising to their feet when the first notes of the National Anthem were played by the orchestra. Of the per- formance it is only necessary to say that it went better than ever, as the presence of so large and sympathetic an assemblage evidently reacted on the ladies and gentlemen concerned, and called forth their best powers. This was especially the case with Miss Agnes Thomas, Mr. St. Maur, Mr. Maltby, and Mr. Vincent, who fully justified all we said in their favour on the first production of " Jim the Penman." The same piece will be repeated this evening and until Saturday, when it will be withdrawn in favour of " My Sweetheart." " A Ruined Life " was repeated last night at the Alexandra Theatre in the presence of a good house. The second of the Needham Madrigal Con- certs was given last night, in the large hall of the Melbourne Athenæum. The audience was larger than on Saturday night. If the series of the Needham Madrigal Concerts progresses in public esteem in the ratio shown at this second performance, the re- maining concerts, which are to take place on the 6th, 9th, and 13th instant, will require larger premises before the finish. Dow- land and Ford were amongst the composers illustrated last night, the first by " Awake, Sweet Love " and " Come Again, Sweet Love " (1597) ; the second by the tuneful and flowing madrigal, " Since First I Saw Your Face " (1,609). Some of the works which we have already named were repeated with practised effect, and some more modern were heard for the first time from these singers with never-failing enjoyment on the part of the hearers. One was " By Celia's Arbor," composed by W. Horsley, which is perhaps better known here than any other work in madrigal form. Mrs. Palmer was en- cored for singing " Cherry-ripe," and the same lady also contributed with good effect the song, " She Wandered Down the Moun- tain Side," by F. Clay. Herr Himmer won unstinted approval from all hearers for his rendering of the songs " When the Flowing Tide Comes In," and " Rose Marie," a very charming song composed by Molloy. Miss Crowle made a distinct success by her per- formance of the song, " Love Has Eyes," her fresh and true-sounding young voice being used with very pretty effect. Miss S. Lewis and Miss V. Goad were encored for singing Kücken's pretty duet, " The Flight of the Swallows "—a perfect performance on their part ; and Mr. A. J. Pallett was heard to advantage in the popular song " My Pretty Jane." The violoncello solos by Herr Reimers, namely, " Chant Religieux " in gavotte by Bach, contributed well to the artistic tone of the whole entertainment. Mr. Locke Richardson repeated his recital of " Othello " at the Athenæum last evening, before a large audience. The reading was thoroughly appreciated, and Mr. Richardson was frequently applauded in his rendition of the principal scenes. The present course will be concluded on Friday, when Mr. Locke Richardson will give a recital of the " Merry Wives of Windsor " for the first time. St. George's-hall was thronged to the doors, last night, and the Federal Minstrels pro- vided a programme that was evidently acceptable to all present. The eccentric musical act of the Raynor Brothers was received with roars of laughter. Mr. Frank M. Clark's company at the Victoria-hall gave their customary variety entertainment before a crowded gathering of holiday-makers. The comicalities of Messrs. Walsh and King were productive of much amusement. The Japanese Village had a large share of public patronage last night, and the various performances were warmly applauded. Ridgway's circus affords one of the most popular entertainments of the season, and is being very largely attended. The attendance at the Spanish and Colum- bian Festival at the Exhibition- building last night was one of the largest seen there for some time. Fully 10,000 persons thronged the building. All the items on the varied programme were well rendered and raptur- ously received. The Fakir of Oolu appeared for the first time and received quite an ova- tion at the termination of the suspension scene of the entranced lady. Mr. Charles Sylvester's performances on the roller skates were also cordially applauded. A large busi- ness was done by the lady stallholders and their assistants. A varied programme is ad- vertised for this evening. A principal feature will be the children's concert of selected voices from St. Brigid's school and the State schools of Richmond and Kew. 