TORQUAY. j The effects of last Monday's excitement have now nearly passed away, and men who on Tuesday passed each other with a murderous scowl are beginning to bid each other the time o' day as they meet Even the disappointed candidate has, I am credibly informed, recovered in a great measure his equanimity, for the story goes that on Tuesday last shrieks and wails like those supposed to emanate from an agonising ghost were heard float ing all around and over his abode on the Esplanade. A number of his friends, be lieving the sounds to be tho voice of the disappointed one, lifted up in mourning over the blighted hopes ancl expectations of Monday, rushed to console and comfort him, but found to their satisfaction and delight that the agonising wailings and discordant yellings proceeded from the c.ndidate's national instrument, the bag pipes, Ani/lirc ' doodlesack,' on which he was performing, with right good will, the old Highland pibroch, 'The sou's tail tae Geordie.''' the music (?) of which seemed to afford hint infinite satisfaction. But, joking apart, the defeated candidate has asfalrreasonstobe proudof hisdefeat as the successful ones of their victory, which they unmistakably owe to the Latrobe . vote ; but, now that the election is over, let us hope that the newly-elected repre- j sentatives will pull together, and do their level best for the whole district. The march of larrikinism has been, at least, temporarily stopped at Torquay by j the energetic action of the police. On Wednesday three of the aspirants for such doubtful notoriety were had up at the Court House, and fined £3 5s each, with an intimation from the Bench that if any of them appeared again on a similar charge, the option of a fine would be withheld. It is to be hoped Nve have seen and heard the last of that sort of fun, which, for the last three weeks, has been j rampant in our hitherto quiet and law abiding township. Our Rifle Club is being faat licked into shape under the teaching of our drill instructor, Mr Underbill. From the interest taken in the drill by both j instructor and men, fair proficiency will soon be attained. The members meet every Thursday evening in the Devon Institute. August 2. 