Nonsense about Actresses There is a lot of nonsense talked aud writted ou the subject of ' mashers.' I have played with a great inauy pretty women— Mrs. Laugtry, perhaps, the most famous beauty among them — and with some very fascinating women — Miss Sophie Eyre pre-eminently so, I think — but I bave never seen priceless diamonds delivered at the stage door in cart loads. More than half the flowers are sent by ladies, personal friends and sister artists very largely. A certain class of chorus girls un doubtedly iuteresta certain class of brain less lads, hut no more than barmaids or shopgirls. Au actress will sometimes receive a silly letter, but uot often. Sonic of the handsome youug leading men I have known were far more persecuted. I had an adorer in the front of the house myself once when I Oouid pass very well for forty-two. In tbe dusk with tbe light behind me. He was not the traditional baldhead— to tell tUe truth he was ouly about iifteeu years old. But be was iu deadly earnest, aud 1 took a great liking to him myself. He fiually succeeded in making the ac (jiiaiufaucje of a lady I often visited, and he used to hauut her house. HiB father had a well furnished conservatory, and I fear the lad— his uame was Frank, X remember — used to rob it for me. He painted a little, and used to send me gruesome plaques and weird pastels. I was playing a boy's part at the time —the boy in tbe 'Black Flag' — and Frank used to reach me bits of business. Bathe grew jealous of my superior whistling and we parted. A girl who was once in the company with me at Manchester used to have seut her every Friday night a huge hamper of early vegetables aud fruit, with a dozen eggs, a duck or chicken and some old foslrioned flowers on the top of all - holly- 1 hocks or marigolds. We used to chaff her about her bucolic swain until it was discovered that the supposed masher was a dear old farmer's wife who had seen her play one market night, and used to send her the farm produce because she looked so thiu ! — San Francisco Jvghsid *-.. 'No, I didn't lose that leg in the war,' replied a stranger, as he leaned up against the cold wall of tlie post-ofiice. 'I used to claim that my leg was shot off at the battle of Antietam, but one day something happened to j eure me of lying. I M as stumping along the I highway in Ohio, and stopped at a farmhouse to beg for dinner. ' Where did you lose that leg?' asked the woman. 'At Gettysburg. ' * Sit down till I call my liUHband.' He came in from the bam, anil I was asked where my i regiment was stationed in the battle. ' In tlie cemetery/ I replied. 'Oh! Well, my son Hill was in the cemetery, too. I'll call Jiim in.' Hill soon came in, and lie wanted to know what particular gravestone I took shelter be j hind. I said it was a- Scotch granite monument. I 4 Oh/ grunted Hill, 4 my brother Bob was be I hind just sue]) a stone, ami I'll call him in.' Hob caiue in, and lie swore a mighty oath that he was there alone. He sort o' pre-empted | that monument, and remembered the inscrip I tion to a woul. However, to give me the I benefit of the doubt, I was asked to name my ' company and regiment. 1 Company 13, Fifth Ohio/ 1 promptly answered. 'Oh, brother Jim was in that company; I'll call him in.' i Jim came ill, took a square look at mc, and 1 remarked : ' .Stranger, our regiment wasirt within 200 miles of Gettysburg during the war !' ' I said Twenty-fifth ! Of course the Fifth wasn't there.' ' Oh, I'll call my brother Aaron ; he was in the Twenty-fifth.' Aaron came in, called me a woudcn-Iegged liar, and I was pitched over the fence into the road. They've got this war business down so fine that you can't go around playing roots on the country no more, and the best way is to own right up that you got drunk and got in tbe way of a locomotive.' UHOSTS. — An attempt ia being made in the old country to revive the belief in visitant from another world, and maDy are the wonder fnl stories tbat fill some of the jonrnals. The sceptical mind is, however, Inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost : ' How dn I know that yon are not a bit of undigested bread ?' for, of all the ghost producers, a bitof ' heavy' bread is tbe most potent. It is a war. der, therefore, tbat people do not adopt the sorest epel I against gbosf« by using BorwiekV Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread : for, although it won t 11 raise ghoBts,' it will raise bread in the most admiiable fashion. Every wise storekeeper has it by him, and very Rood hounowiee buys it. May Good Digestion wait on Appktitk. says Shakespeare, but 'jfood diResiion' wil never wait u[/uu bad bread, «nd it ia therefor* of the great' import;incelhHt in making bre»d one should use only those Iciuvj'.ning *^cniF which have acquired a high reputation through long use in ho-i«ehoHs throughout the world PoremoM amongst theflu must l-e reckoned ' Borwice'sGol'l Medal baking Powder,' which had fltoo-1 the test in every climate oUhe world Get it, 0*' it, and add your testimony to that of the million* who praise it. TOWiss Pennyroyal and Steu) P;]'s fo malcs quickly eu'rec^ »dl irn^ulariti'-p, and relieve tb-5 drinking symptoms ho prevalent wiih tho s'x. Box' b 9d. oil all chemists. IV'-pircd only by B. T. Towlo, Chemist, If.jU tinghim, Kn^Knd. Av. n h for H'ifban'j; BcrkeJy &nri; Tnyior, Wbol'j«a!o Urupgiptg Bl iot lb ng. &. Co., WhnWn'e D'tjpgjctfi. Flo'iili -?-:!— Kor thbIVkth a\t- Jim; th —A few i ro.'S of tho liquid '? Kiorilire'1 sprinkWJ on b w t loorb proJnefs u pleasant lit her, w^ich thoroughly c'«-anrcs tho v-nth from all p-wartes or impm-iti^, h.n- 1« os tho guroc, preveo'B taitar. stnpR de.say, givi?s lo tlin teeth a p-nuliar po;irly-whit,ene«8. un-i a delightful fragrance to the hrentb. It removes all unpleasant o'iour ariai ig from rieeavrd t- ctb or tobacco ' rooke. The Praprant FJoriline,' buing c muoBol in nart nf Hon* y and sweet herb?; is delicious to (he ta*ti% and ihe greatest dincor ry of tfw* tgf*. Price 2s. fid,, of all Chemists and Perrumera. Wholesale depot 33, FarriogJon Eoad, London, 