THE ORIGIN OF THE VANDER BILT WEALTH. Among the many notices of the deceased railway king, W. H. Vanderbilt, I have not seen any reference to the real origin of the family wealth. Mr. Vanderbilt's father was, as everybody knows, Cornelius, the so-oalled Commodore. Now, the commodore was the son of a hard-working man, who ran a small ferry-boat across the Hudson River. When Cornelius's father died, the business was continued by the widow, who took on Cor nelius as " deck hand" to work the boat and look after the dimes. But Cornelius was both saving and pushing ; so that, havjpg soon accumulated enough to buy or hire a small boat of his own, he started an opposi tion ferry to his mother's. The old lady bought him off, and-then. Cornelius took his boat and started in opposition on several other established ferry routes, being " bought off" by each in succession with much profit to himself. He continued this game until he had accumulated .enough money to buy a big steamer, which he then started in opposition to a Boston company. Bought off there ho attacked another line, and so on until he had quite a fleet and a large balance. And then lie sold out of steamers atsd " went for " rail ways. It is with reference to this trait in the commodore's character-his mania for opposition, and his liking for being bought off-that the story is told of him and other two millionaires on the shady banks of Styx. Astor, A. T. Stewart, and the commodore all died within a few days of each other. Astor died first, and A. T. Stewart second. The ghost of the latter, trudging through the gloom to Styx, found some one sitting on the bank. As he got nearer, " Snakii3," said he, " if that ain't Astor ! Why, Astor, what on airth are you sitting' there for ?" " Oh,". replied Astor, " that old cuss, Charon, there, he wants to charge me five dollars to put me across. I offered him three, but he wouldn't trade, and I'm darned if I'll give him more !" "Well," said Stewart, "let's hail the old cuss and offer him five dollars for the two joint venture." So they hailed Charon, who demanded five dollars a head. This made Astor furious, and Stewart despondent, until a happy thought struck the latter. " I have it," he cried, " when I left up there old Vanderbilt was just nigh croakin'. I tell you what we'll do ; we'll just wait till h%comes along. He'll start an opposition boat, and we'll get over for a dollar a head !" (Left sitting.)-English Paper. The Scottish American Journalr, proud of a countryman's ingenuity, gives "the followiug remarkable description of a new idea in rail roads, an invention which promises to be of great importance in the history of railroad operations. It consists of an engine and rails and may be described as followB :-The boiler is an ordinary locomotive one, with two large wheels behind, and a truck in front, as sup ports for the weight. The cylinders are placed in the front truck, and are set diaganonally across the track, with the connecting rod attached to a vertical shaft immediately in front of the fire-box. On the lower end of the shafts-there are three of them-are paper wheels, 4&ft.; in diameter, and 8in. face running against the inside of the track. The track is of twelve by twelve timbers, and is so arranged that the engineer, by the aid of a lever, can throw back the friction wheels, when the engine is silent. The advantages claimed for this locomotive and track are absence of noise, cheapness of c construction, economy in fuel, and the necessary traction power with out the usual deadweight necessary in ordinary locomotives. ABCHDBACON FABEAB ON THE DBINK TBAFEIO.- Archdeacon Farrar recently attended a large gathering of the members «nd friends of the Church of England Tem perance at PrinceB Hall to welcome him on his return to tw United States and Canada. ^ ^ was convinced that America was considerably ahead of us on the temperanoe question. At banquets he found wine very sparingly taken, and at many tables it was conspicuous by its absence. A large number of the clergy of all denominations were total abstainers, and everywhere there were signs of deep feeling on the temperance question. During his three months' stay in America and in his travel over many thousands of miles, he had seen less druukenncaa than had often met his eye here in a walk of a single day. America was also far ahead in temperauce legislation. In five of the thirty-six States of the Union i the people had voluntarily adopted stringent measured of prohibition. That was of the deepest possible significance. Judging from what he had Been in America, prohibition was productive of the moat beneficial results in every state where the morai sense of the people was sufficiently alive and their con* science sufficiently awakened to give to ao stringent a measure their voluntary aasont. It was no leeB than twenty-two years since the first prohibitory law was paused in the State of Maine j and, though many pre judiced persona said it wan a dead-letter, he oould give that statement an emphatic denial. It was a significant fact that the twelvu working men members who had been returned to the new Parliament were all total abatainevij, uud pledged strenuously to sup o?t for® Of legislft.tiQB, 