CHAPTER XLIII. — HOMEWARDS. 'Yes, tney're pretty enough, Mr. Nightin gale, and clever, decidely clever. You pos sess taste, I think, for this kind of thing.' to Sir (v - His approval gratified me ex '*Shjw m- yoaf original drawings; the copies are of less importBace. Yes j fanciful and pleasant, with a delicate sense of colour. There are technical deficiencies, of course ; your eye wants training, and your hand is oftentimes unsteady. That leg, for instance; is fsadly out of drawing, and the whole figure is deficient in proportion. Still it is graceful and animated. You should be capable of better things.' He was paler even than usual-; he spoke languidly, and appeared to be suffering some what. But his manner was very kindly and courteous. ' If art were really to be your vocation — but you have decided otherwise, as I under stand — I should advise your becoming a pro bationer in the schools of the Royal Academy.' He explained the formal proceedings necessary for the attainment of that end. 'There is nothing like skill and correctness as a draughts man. Students are too apt to fly to the brush before they have well learnt how to ply the crayon. The Antique and Life Schools at Somerset House are most admirably conducted, and of the greatest value to the young artist. I speak from experience when I dwell upon the importance to a painter of a thorough and intimate knowledge of drawing.' I thought of Mole's treasonable whisper to me: ' The fact is, Sir George can't draw !' ' However,' he continued, with a smile, 'your are not to be an artist by profession, it seems, Mr. Nightingale. Happy man ! Only un amateur. Still, it's as well to be a good amateur as a bad one.' - I was then emboldened to ask if there was any vacancy in his studio for another assistant. He appeared to be surprised at my inquiry, but in no degree offended. 'Are you speaking for yourself or for another? What 1 you are a patron? You have already a protege ? It's rather soon, is t not ? If it was on your own account that you applied I should not hesitate. I don't scruple to say that you could be of service here. In any case I will see what -can be done. I will try to count your friend as my friend. Mr. Wray, you say ? I don't know the name. A nephew of Mr. Monck's ? He didn't like the law, and so— Well, that proves his possession of some taste, at any rate. And you vouch for his ability ? Well, I'll speak to Mole about it. If I should for get don't scruple to remind me. You will come and see me again shortly, of course. You must remember, however, that the Lon don season is now nearly over. In a little time we shall be nothing like so busy in the painting-room as we are at present ; but, later in the year ? You are much bent upon' this thing? I see you are. I'll take the merits of your friend, Mr, Wray, for granted, then. My dear Duke, I'll see what can be done.' It was the first time he had ever called me ' Duke.' He shook hands with me cordially as I quitted him, after thanking him again and again for his kindness. He seemed amused at my excessive, and perhaps rather clumsy, ex pressions of gratitude. There was nothing cynical in his smile this time, however ; it seemed to be thoroughly sympathetic. Yet he was in some pain the while, I felt. I noted that there were dark circles round his eyes, and that he once of twice pressed his white hands upon bis brow. His lips were colourless, and his eyes without lustre. With his office coat, Vickery seemed to have resumed the character in which I had first known him. He was no longer the convivial Vickery, the playgoer, the singer of Post Meridian, with a hint at performances on the flute, that he had appeared in Tony's chambers ; he was again Mr. Monck's manager, intent upon legal afiairs. He seemed anxious that I Ghould forget that I had ever seen him under any other conditions. I found him fixed in his usual place, and hard at work on the morning following that night of excitement and revelry. His aspect bjre no trace of the recent festivities. Some brief reference to the event he did permit himself, however. ' A droll man your friend Mr. Mole ; yet I should say a man of great abilities, Mr. Nightingale ; and very versatile ; uncommonly versatile, to be sure. A most pleasant evening. And your tragedy ; it quite took me bysoiprise. Really a very able work, if I am competent to form an opinion. And now, I think, we must really push on with that Supplemental Bill. It's been settled by counsel, and it's considered important that it should be filled before the Long Vacation, which is now — time flies so — close upon us. Precisely.' He did not speak again of our famous symposium of poesy and punch, song and oratory. Yet now and then, I think, thoughts of it recurred to him with a genial warming influence. I observed him unconsciously chuckling over his writings ; strange lights gleamed in his cat's-eyes at intervals, and un accountable smiles, the uneasy ghosts of de parted merriment, for some time haunted his grim old visage. It had been arranged that the arrival of the Long Vacation should bring me some respite from my professional studies. I was to enjoy a brief holiday, and to visit my relations at Purrington. Vickery did not view this pro ject very favourably. ' It seems a pity to loose so much valuable time,' he said. ' We usually employ the vacation in making out our bills of cost. That's an important practical part of a lawyer's business, Mr, Nightingale. In point of fact we're nothing without onr bills of cost. You can't learn too soon how to make them out, Mr. Nightingale. It's really a great thing to know how to charge a client.' Notwithstanding, I determined to avail myself of the opportunity of a holiday. Indeed, I longed to be at home again. I was growing weary of London, its heat, and smoke, and dust. I pined for pure, fresh, ex hilarating air, for the cheering sight again of oar open wide-stretching down country, with its exquisitive wavy lines of far horizon, fading and melting into the soft sweet tints of the dis tant sky. .Chimney-pots and pavement had be come odious to me. I reproached myself with having insufficiently prized my home at the farmhouse. I had quitted it with undue eager ness and unaccountable lightness of heart. For months I had almost forgotten it. My letters to my mother had been, if not less fre quent, certainly less supplied with information than they should have been. I had sometimes found it rather a task and a tax to write at all. Now all this was changed. I felt that I had much, very much, to say to the dear old home folk, and I longed, greatly longed, to be wiih them once more. The Down Farm seemed to me a sort of Paradise, from which I was un fairly excluded. I dreamt oF it Plainly be fore me appeared its homely red brick face rising from its hollow in the tender green down, like a robin peering from its nest, with the belt of murmuring firs, Orme's Plantation, in the background ; the dun-purple old barn with its ragged grey thatch ; the corpulent wheat ricks ; the verdant water meadows running down towards the silvery Parr; with Reube's fold and thriving flock, and the musical sheep-bells chiming pleasantly about the still landscape bathed in sunlight. I was home sick for awhile ; out of simple fickleness it might be. But in truth I was a little jaded with my town life. As I looked in my glass — I was often thus engaged now — chiefly in search of whisk ers I think — I noted that there was quite a London pallor on my face, and something of a London hollowness about my cheeks. At any rate, I could no longer, on die score of my as pect, be accurately described as 'a regular yokeL' And to a country-bred youth London was now in its most trying season. The heat was stifling ; there was no escape from the glaring, scorching sun ; its torrid rays were reflected by, windows, roofs, and paving stones ; there was not air enough, or there were too many breathing it ; the great city in the dog day weather seemed turned to carrion and cor ruption, and was most malodorous ; even night brought no relief, for the darkness came down oppressively, in thick and heavj folds like a suffocating pall. (To be continued. ) 