A HUNT FOR A GOLD MINE. A Lunatic's Christmas Ramble in the Land of Tasman. [Written Expressly for this Journal] I was nearly eighteen. I cherished conjointly the faintest penumbra of a moustache, and a love of adventure occasionally leading me into serious scrapes, which latter were inaugurated with all the eclat of deeds of Arthurian heroism ; but ever ended lamely and impotently, covering their perpe- trator with ridicule and confusion. In these, my salad days, I read of a fresh impetus being given to gold-mining by the discovery of a reef near the Pie- man River, Tasmanis, and determined to leave the humdrum life of a clerk in a commercial office, for the more stirring scenes that surround the gold hunter's daily experience with a halo of romance and a charm of adventure peculiarly exciting to my impressionable temperament. In that far off time, I lived in a Victorian up-coun!ry town, sixty miles from Melbourne, with nothing more notable to break the leaden-hued monotony of my daily existence than the occasional visit of a travelling circus, or an annual tea-meeting. I longed for fresh woods and pastures new, and hailed with irrepressible dolight the novel fad of turning miner (or even bush- ranger, which seemed an ideal and poetic employ- ment, peculiarly adapted to the child of Nature), and pursued my wearying avocation, with a burning yearning to repose my guilty secret in some sym- pathetic breast. I had, however, to hug the un- lawful longing to my overburthened heart, conscious that the least intimation of my unholy desire would meet with something stronger than opposition at the hands of my practical and respectable connections, antagonistic to all vagabond proclivities of youthful and Bohemian enthusiasm. But I met at last the gem of a man, in whom I could confide. A splendid specimen of the stalwart bushman, who had passed the best years of his manhood sheep-farming, gold mining, and working in bush saw-mills. Possessed of a fine, though romantic nature, he entered into all my impracticable aspirations, and prophesied a speedy indulgence of all my adventurous predi- lections, if not the amassing of a magnificent fortune. I had no money, and he, in a weak moment of benevolence, gave me all he had—five pounds. I hesitated not an instant, but applied for, and obtained a fortnight's leave of absence, in order, as I stated it, to spend the Christmas holidays with some friends in Melbourne. I at once began my preparations. This latter proved rather a serious undertaking. So much I desired to encumber myself with—such a mass of impedimenta accumu- lated as travelling necessities, that I feared it would be requisite to charter a steamer to convey me to the land of Tasman, and a caravan to get to the scene of operations. An extra suit of clothes, combs and brushes, French grammars, books of travel, and all manner of youthful, luxurious appliances, never to be found in a bushman's kit. I paused, in an agony of despair, only to rearrange my 'drum' with increasing requirements. It was, however, finished at last—a huge, unmanageable swag, swathed in a pair of snowy blankets, weighing nearly sixty pounds. At last, one night, in the week preceding Christmas week, accompanied by my familiar, I sneaked like a guilty thing, not daring to alarm my too solicitous relatives by declaring my intended departure, and casting eyes, momentarily dimmed by pleasurable recollections of happy hours passed beneath a roof, which might never again afford me shelter. I hastily turned away, and trudged with no light heart to the railway station. I heartily wished the whole expedition to the devil and to the remarks of my companion returned only unconnected, irrelevant, and incomprehensible re- sponser. 'You'll write, and let me know how you get on, old man,' he said. 'Very much better, thank you,' I replied. 'Ay-what did you say ?' We arrived, after half-an-hour's walk, at the station. I procured a second- class ticket, a squeeze of the hand, and I was whirled away into the dark- ness, the last gleams of the station lamps falling on the stalwart figure and sun-bronzed face of my sympathising friend waving an encouraging farewell with his blackened meerschaum. When I arrived in Melbourne, I discovered that the steamer in which I intended sailing did not leave port for several days, consequently, not daring to make my whereabouts known to my friends, as it might lead to a frustration of my intentions, I was left to my own resources. I filled up the time in a endeavour to get as much amusement as would serve reminisential purposes during my self-imposed exile. I also spent three of the five pounds ad- vanced by my sympathetic friend, and viewed with legubrious interest the steady diminution of my limited funds. The day of departure came at last however, and with a lonely heart-sickness and an instant seasickness I watched from the deck of the 'Fizdern' the quickly paling coasts of the land I had begun to regard as my home. I got over the seasickness the following day, and with my arrival at Launceston, the heart-sickness followed suit— I could not be miserable in the excitement of novel experiences, and the charm of magnificent river scenery. On getting to our moorings, I did what anybody else would have done in a like situation— landed as quickly as possible, and like many other visitors to Tasmania for the first time, trended my way to the easiest accessible and most execrable hotel in the town, displaying a vile, red front of un- mitigated brick, and encasing an accumulation of Titanic discomforts. I partook of a meal, with the walls violently swaying around me, with a threatening intention of falling in, and enearthing me in a living grave, a resultant of the vessel's continued rocking during the voyage. The inner man refreshed with an incongrous mixture of green peas, and boiled corned beef of an immasticatory and wooden grain and the outer man cleansed of steamer smoke and grit in a tin basin, I betook myself to promenading the streets of the northern capital of the island, and contemplating with wonderment and awe the multi- tudinous bevies of damsels that blocked the traffic (This is only a figure of speech ; there is no traffic to speak of, to block in Launceston.) My head became dizzy with the vision of female lovliness which caused me considerable purturbation respect- ing my safety, a lone and unprotected male in a strange land, inhabited apparently only by Amazons unless they kept their male-kind locked-up in cellars, and did not allow them to venture forth by night. A very wise precaution on the part of a Launceston damsel, certainly, in a land where a man is a 'rare avis,' and where a girl would stand a good chance of losing her sweetheart by indulging in ostentatious and vainglorious exhibition of such an unusual luxury. At all events, all the men I saw were fellow-passengers, and fancy pictured the newly- discovered gold-reef at the Pieman as a veritable Golconda, which had attracted all the male indi- viduals to the wealth- amassing locality, leaving only women and children to populate the little, cup-like town of Launceston. I retired early, covenanting with a fellow- passenger, who slept in the same bed- room, to awaken me at 5 o'clock in the morning, as my travelling expenses had made such serious inroads into my resources, as to have left me with only the magnificent sum of twelve shillings, with which to pay my way for a distance of nearly a hundred and sixty miles, over a bush country. On the afternoon of the previous day, I had made myself acquainted with my route, and the 'lay' of the country, and was very much surprised indeed to find that getting to Tasmania was one thing, and getting to the Pieman another, and very different matter. I had also provided myself with a loaf of bread, this formed my entire commissariat. I felt too ex- cited, too anxious to arrive at my destination, to trouble greatly about such minor affairs as eating and drinking. I knew I could live on my nerves, the most substantial diet in the world, when anything of a more than ordinary character has to be under- taken, though the aftermath is not quite so stim- ulating. Behold me then, at the early hour af five, stealing forth into the gray morning, like an unquiet spirit, the ghost of the week-day world taking its departure from the sleepy town, for it waa Sunday, and solitary policeman, swathed in the Mediæval 'tetra- gonon,' peculiar to the hidalgo of the pavemment in Tasmania, with bulls-eye buckled to waist, gazed perturbedly after my hurrying figure, doubtless, con- sidering that only the perpetrator of some dark and sanguinary deed would leave his cozy bed, at such unholy hour upon the Sabbath day, sacred to rest and dreams. I must have presented a remarkable appearance. Attired in walking coat, flowing neckerchief, and collar a la Byron, hat known as stalker (stiff and uncompromising, not at all bushman-like), trousers worn after the prevailing mode—baggy ; and thin- soled Oxonians, for costume ; a swag of elephantien proportions, hanging from my shoulders, and main- tained in its position by hayband, passed across and cutting into the chest, for camp-baggage ; I must have resembled a respectably-dressed sheet-lifter, making off with my night's loot of clothes-line pendants, than a horny-handed investigator of the wealth con- cealed in the bowels of the earth. I was now fairly on my way. The mist rose in rolling clouds from the river ; floated in vaporous wreaths into the rifts between the mountsins ; and clung about their bases like an inpalable mantle of ethereal sea-foam. Surrounded by this gauzy at- mosphere I crossed the bridge, and look the road which winds among the heights skirting the Tamar, 'en route' for Brandy Creek (alias Beaconsfield) some thirty miles distant, which I hoped lo make ere nightfall. Hard walking was a novel experience ; in my thin-soled boots, it was positive torture, with every step, I sank to the ankle in the imponderable dust, which, working into the inter- stices of my knitted socks, caused me exquisite agony. My feet were raw and galled within a very short time, and I was glad to sink down upon a dew- besprinkled bank of tangled fern and bracken, and remove my shoes. While resting here, the sun rose, flushing the sky with a roseate hue far up into the heaven's height ; gilding the summits of the mountains on the opposite shore of the Tamar; spreading in broad bands adown the hill slopes; and driving the mist before his conquering beams, like a glorious, glowing flood of gaseous amber. Then as he reached a higher altitude, and pierced into the depths of the valleys, and gilded the as- cending smoke of some early riser's hamlet ; or shimmered on the clear lake-like river, striking light from its surface as from ten thousand brilliants ; transforming with the aid of a gentle zephyr the placid water into a dazzling spectacle of quivering scintillating radiance, he seemed to me, to paint pic- tures of such transcendent beauty as I had never be- fore beheld, even in my most estatic dreams of nature's loveliness. While watching the sun rise, tinting the dew- drops around me with prismatic hues, I utilised the time by unpacking my unwieldy awag, and searching for a pair of socks, which I discovered at last in the very centre of the bundle ; and had the trouble of rearranging and repacking the immense affair. I took thc precaution, however, of so disposing the contents, that I should have merely to insert my hard into one end, which I carefully marked, for anything I imagined I should require while 'en route.' Before relashing my impedimenta, I kept out a volume of Keats, which became my pocket companion for the rest of the journey. I had just completed my repacking, and carefully bound the drum into manageable dimensions, when a body in- tercepted the sunlight, startling me with its sudden intervention to such a degree, that I lost my hold of it, and had the mortification of seeing it roll off the bank, into the red dust of the road, staining the snowy purity of the blankets, and causing all the milk of human kindness in my disposition to coagu- late in the sourest and most pronounced description of curds and whey. I mentally cursed both the shadow and its possessor. He was a fellow-passenger, genial-faced, and hearty of habit, and he recovered my swag with the most sympathetic smile in the world, "Good morn- ing !" he said, "I'm afraid I gave you a surprise." I replied that he had ; but supplemented it with the remark, "that it didn't matter, it was of no conse- quence." "Have you had breakfast ? though it is so early I need hardly ask you," he continued. I replied that I had not, and he invited me to walk home with him and accept his hospitality. He was a pleasant, genial, good-hearted fellow, and presently introduced me to his wife, equally pleasant and hos- pitable. He resided in a comfortable little house, embosomed in a glorious orchard, nestling in the darker foliage of the trees indigenous to the climate that grew on the banks of the river. I made a good meal, and after bidding my host adieu, tramped forward, followed by their good wishes, my pockets, and my swag, stuffed with apples and pears, which the good woman forced upon me. This was but one instance of the open-handed, kind-hearted hospi- tality and sympathy I met with at the hands of Tasmanians. I believe them to be the most hospit- able people in the world, and thanked them 'en masse' for the numerous ii Ile kindnesses of which I was the recipient. I journeyed for the remainder of the day along the Taim.i's pleasant bank, en- tranced with the beauty of the mountain and river scenery, pausing occasionally to admire some old structure crumbling to ruin beneath the heavy hand of Time, resembling .'. r a'l lle world, those pictures of romantic eli-v. 1'. scenes we are so familiar with, in the vignettes of fine art volumes. Now a little roadside inn, with its level, sandy front of road way, shel ing }le.s...l!y off into green, grassy slope, based by t.e al-im ing shield of blue, pel- lucid water, upon its ¡t'.js.- surface rocked a tiny boat, which, with the rec .'a 1 hills around, mirrored it- self in quivering f :;--¡_J¡'J in the breeze-stirred, sun-bespangled dept"" . S ion, rome rustic church gleamed with what .- *-.l : .mid the dark foliage of the eucalyptus-trees »If h I i.vered around it, like a reminesence of the 'Mysteries of Udolphe.' Or the feet of the wayfarer would tread a mossy del!, down which some clear- oi.- d rivulet meandered in its tortuous course over the river, bowered over by e'o entwining climbers and majestic tree ferns ; and inhabited by thousands of birds, who flew hither ard thither, with s' ri', s.t notes, the scattering sunlight streaming through the interstices of the leafy canopy, fhivo-ir g from their glittering wings like flashes of celestial fire. In one of these beauteous gullies, where musk and tree ferns inter- laced in intrlcate n t- o k to shut out the sun, I made a hearty mea! of bread, and washed it down with a draught of the clear, fresh water flowing at my feet; ¡hen once mor> started on my tramp. Tbs afu-rnoon seem.-1 in* rr nimble, the journey, notwithstanding the bi a it j of tho scenery was be- ginning io beco-no fa'ig mg. I plodded on with slow and painful stfip», !.>?. »-vag upon my shoulders «vf jghi.'g ms down 1 kc ih » lied of sin on the back of Hunjan's pilgrim, a d my feet gilled and blis- tered beyond d?»crip'ir. I despa:red reaching Brandy Crc^k that nij'it, w! ea I beard a shrill whistle soma little dista-ici bohind me, and pre- sently to my great joy a sta'warr, sun-burnt bush- man came tramping sturdily on, swinging in his hand a little bundle. I thought if he would have me as travelling companion, the painful irksomeness of my journey would be somewhat mitigated, and the exhausted condition of my limbs forgotten, in the stimulus of company. 'Good afternoon,' said I, when he was close enough to address. 'Good afternoon," he replied, with a glance of curiosity at my attire, and then at my swag. 'Are you go'ng far ? ' I asked—do you object to my travelling with you ? Your company would help me on, and I'm very tired—I'm afraid I shall not get to Brandy Creek to-night; Is it far ?" ' It's a goodish step, but I'm going close there. You take my bundle and I'll take yours. Fair's fair, ain't it ?' and he laughed, showing as magnificent a set of teeth as any in the world. He was young, strong and handsome. He pre- possessed me by his good looks, and his kind offer, and we went forward together, I carrying his bun- dle, and he my swag, conversing upon every topic my ingenuity could invent, or my menory furnish which I thought likely to interest him. We talked of crops, of bullocks, of mining, of the climate, and of the colonies—then conversation languished. By a happy inspiration I started war, found my com- panion was martial by temperament, and poured into his willing ear a recital of the deeds of Alex- ander, Cæsar, and Napoleon. I was in the midst of an exciting description of the battle of Marengo, when we came to a cross-toad. Two hours had fled unnoticed. My companion halted. I suspended my narrative. 'We must part here,' he said, 'and I must give you back your swag.' 'I'm much obliged to you for carrying it so far,' I replied, 'and am afraid that I forgot all about it when talking ; but—" 'Not another word; you talk splendid; yon musn't mind me say in' it, but I'm just flabbergasted to koow what a man like yon wants trampin' along with a ewa», »han ho could be in parliament. As for carryin' it, why-I wou'du't mind carryin* it all night, to let y.u I cit you rae 'bout Alie and the rest of them there felliws. li's fine." This was a tributo tu my ttjry-telling powers, which touolud my boyish heart with, a transient ?palm of prido, and the remark about parliament .thrUlel ma willi|ratificit:on, asjiheuir^-'f evidently regarded a teat in tba legislature aa tbe apex of haman grandeur, tho summit of justifiable ambition. So we shook bands ; acd after enquiring the remain- der of tho distance to Brandy Greek, and finding it to be about two miles; telling the kind-hearted fellow that if he ever came across-'« tracks to give him a look up, to which he didn't doubt but that he should hoar of me of tan enough-see my name in the papers ; I tramped on my way amid tho lengthening shadows, alone. 