(FROM OUR OWN COairR?POND??T.) When l'arlianlent is safely prorogued as it probably will he on the seventeenth of De cember there ought to be a meeting of the ghosts of the various parties which Iave been weakening anld dliuniting the Assembly all the session and stilitating ogailst the effliciency of its concerted action. These could exchange notes as to what they had anecompliohed during the wasted tite pa-sed away and their reminiscences would ,be somewha.t of this character. " Well I)ecetralisation par.ty," it would be askedl. " you who propoael bringing Melbourne to confess her spolialtions and transfer tile cenl tres of trade to tlhe leading towns in the in teriordistricts wthat have yot csolntplished ?" " Oh, pletse sir, i've got a promise recorded that Coutnty Court jludges shotldtt reside in tihe country districts if tlhe public conveni nllce deanlds it." "Score Ilnougt, Decetll traliz?stiot asd pass on." " Well, :arcsing tparty, wthat have yos tonett" " \Well, there were the tariff alterations, though I dou't know if I can score for that, as the Govern ment prepared them, antd there wan -well. bLessi my soul, what thave I done " " tsAnd, Misling party, how did you get ont? " Well there was that Central Council affair and really though wte t tmadsl. a lot of noise there is notlntlch else that we compelled the Governtent to do that they were not williag to tdo before ;" " Score one, Mining party, only one." 'The only party that realily has scored is the great, the united, cer ag greseivc onle of "s in" " Us" lhas scccleded in getting free passes for old tmembers: the mint sauce has yet to he adrle.l. " Us " has got a day's journey nearer the possible hor ror of a diurnal [lansartl, has secured an alteration in the kitchen arrangements of larliamlent lHouse that its cooked leats mtay Ie herealfter lmore savory, and has finallyset afloat the idea to leaven ill a futulre IParliament that the remuneration of men who can successfully do so little ill six monlths shoultl be at live hult red a year. These are only a few of tile great successes the great party of "Us and Co." has achieved, for with it tile maximt is " tle Stato is us." As tile Mlunlicipal Conference is to sit this week, it may be well worth while o draw its attention to a mautter which is of deep ilmportance to all imunicipalities throughout tihe colony, tile dliteulty concerning which could be curedl by it few words it the Local Government t Act Asmendment Bill. Ill all municipalities throughout the colony the subdivision of blocks is constantly going on, and the tesult is tllat a numlber of ditliceulties frequently resulting in litigationl aise as to hotw these mIay best he draiued I know of one case in particular where blocks were soltd on the slope of a hill, the natural fall of which was toward it large gully. Tle allotments on either side of this gnlly were, however, secured by wealthy men, to whom law was cheap, and these promptly served notice on the local council that if the drain age of their neighbours on the slope was was suffered to run into their gully which had a natural fall to alr adjacent river, they woubl enter an action for damages. All that the municipalities ask for to protect them}lve's from bounce of this kind is a proviso io the L. G. Bill that no subdivision of properties be made until they have been sanctioned by the local council in order that the latter may see that provision is made for drainage and their sanitary requirements. Of course this re(inest touches dangerously opon the " uwhats mine is my own," and "FEnglishman's house is his castle" principles of British law, but still I think that in order to prevent useless and vexatious litigation a way out of the difficulty should be found. We are awfully moral; you knoow we are. We suppress sweeps, wec exterminate Cnasinos, we abjure the totalisator, and we persecute people who charge for admission to entertainments on Sundays. We even go to the extent of protecting the guileless Austra. lian maiden from the seductive taln-telling clairvoyante; and if photographs a little "loud" are exhibited in shop windows, sIr Pat Constable is sent around with an ad monition to " take it along out of that now." Yet with all that, dissipated Melbourne finds no difficulty in the pursuit of its vices, and " drums " exist where the worst forms of the orgies of the nude, which form the recog. oisled peculiarities of London and Paris, are nightly reproduced. tBut with all this guardianship of the inwary, the gambling spirit does not diminish nor the means by which it is fostered. Fur instance, I have before me just now a circular of the great money lottery, stated to be organised by the free city of lHamburg, with one hundred thousand tickets and fifty thousand five hundred prizes, tile highest of which is valued at £2i,000, and others being at £1,000, £10,000, and so on downwards to to an undeclared minimum. The tickets for the seven clases under which the lottery is drawn amount toosix guineas each, but a whole ticket for tile first four classes may be procured for three pounds, anod if you choose you may halve or quarter any of these. Tihe method of drawing as stated is somewhat peculiar. " Thle hall where tile drawings take place is open to everybody. In the middle of this two large wheels are estah lished. Before' the draw-ing hegins the numbers, written on paper and enclosed, every one separately, in a special small tin case, are put into one of these tswo wheels. In tile other of these wheels the prizes that in accordance with the plan are destined to be first-class are laid likewise written on paper rolled up and enshrined in its little box or tube. Two clhildren belong ing to the municipal orphanage asylum draw in the same moment one case from either of thle wheels and give it to two clerks of the admlnistration near them. One of these officers reads aloud the number, the other imineliately afterwards reads the drawn prize Both tie paper'a--number and prise--are examined in the presence of tlhe committee of the drawings andl entered in the Iooks. This process is continued as long as there are iny prizes in the wheel. The drawing finished, the notaries who have assisted during the whole of the proecedings put directly the great seal of the State on the wheel containing the other numbers for the nsuliluent drawing, which in its tillme comes off on' tle determined day when the prizes, being a fain placel| in the second whe.wI, the wheel which clt'ins tile nure hers is re-opened, and the drawing recom mnences always in the same fashion till the provided drawings are" all accomplished." Theo circulars containing this information are nniually scattered broadcast throughout tile colonies, and I presume sufficient figures are discovered hy their means to make the post age a profitable investment. I have never chanced my luck, but know of people who have. of course resultiessly. But what does strike me as absurd is that paternal squeat ishness which stops the letters to a clair. voyante--who can't swindle you out of more than ten shilli.sn-from passing through thle post, and yet circulates browalcast through the post such as these allurements to the green. 