.OHOES OF AMELBOURNE. [BY TinR GuosT.] The result of Mr. Mlunro's inopportune attack upon the Treasury Benches, hasbeen an unmistakable victory for the Govern ment. By forty-six votes to twenty-tlfree, the, Assembly has -resolved' to accept the Ministerial proposals in regard to the in creased duty on woollen piece goods, in preferance to the aamendment of the e honourable member for Geelong. The result of thc'onslauglit on the Governmeint' was never in doubt; but Mr. Gillies him- 5 self can never have anticipated so full an E endorsement of his policy as the division list affords or assuredly-timed: even I as heo is - lihe would at a much I earlier, period of the debate have i shown. some little firmness, and thus 5 have prevented the waste of time occupied in discussing a question in regard to which I there was so preponderating a weight of both evidence and votes. The Assembly has in this case-the opinion of the woollen .factory hands to the contrary notwithstanding-shown itself creiel only to be kind. The imposition of a' higher duty than 20 per cent. ad 'alorcm, would not only have thrown some two or three thou sand hands in the ready-made clnthing trade out of work, but would liave most assuredly ruined the intercolonial trade, and further have imposed fresh obstacles in the way of a uniform Australasian tariff without 'which, as a condition precedent, all talk of federation is mere idle "words, words, words." Mr. Deakin, the Chief Secretary, is evi dentlythe enfanst terrible of the Ministry, and a great deal of the waste of time in volved in discussing Mr. M?unro's futile amendment may be credited to the unwise utterances of the youngest member of thb Governinent. -Mr. Deakin has not yet learned how to "put his foot down," or to say ." no,". and when the deputation of Geelong. woollen mill operatives inter= viewed him as a "monster" deputation, instead of giving a decided answer, lihe re turned an evasive reply.. He stated that "if the duty of 20 per cent. was not found sufficient thei Government would at some future time consider the desirableness of increasing it."' Had the hon. gentleman's colleagues :endorses tthis statement, aud allowed the advocates for higher duties to hope that the "future' time" would be "during next session," Mr. Munro I offered' to vithdraw :his: opposition to the Governiment' proposals ; but Mr. 'Dow explained that Mit. Deakin only desired to hold out hopes to be realised at the indefi nite period known as " the sweet by and bye" : and the, Greek Kalends, and this assurance was:not sufficiently definite to placate the ultro.Protectionists, and so the discussion was prolonged into far beyond the- " wee sma' hours," .and the division bell" rung at a quaater-past tour in the morning. Really the impulsive young. moember for West Bourke must be looked Lifter by his colleagues in offices. There is to be a general strikeof the iron .wbrkers in Melbourne. Of course it is only in accordance with the "eternal fitness of things" that workers in iron should strike. .But the metaphorical processthey have com-: menced is singularly inopportune, and the reasons for which the course was decided upon are hardly calculated to enlist public sympathy of outsiders.. Because the firm of Robison Brothers and Co. refused at the dictation of the Ironworkers' Union to dis miss an old add faithful servant who hap-' .pened not to be a Trade Unionist, all the hands in the employ of the firm have ceasedi .work, and refuse to allow the matter, at issue to be, decided by arbitration.::The, masters harve determined to meet .the movement. by a general "lock out," and unless wiser counsels prevail some three or four thousand able-bodied men will in a few days be added.to the already suffi ciently large roll of the unemployed. The only persons 'at ,all likely to' benefit by the closing of the foundries and iron works of Victoria are the proprietors of ' similar establishments in the other Aus . tralasian colonies. There are a number of I articles in' daily use both by the agricul-' F tural and mining communities, which must: at all cost be procured, unless thies im portant industries are to be brought to a stindstill, and if they cannot be procured 'in' Victoria, they will have to be obtained in Nesv South Wales, South Australia, or Tasmania. If the strikers are wise 'they will do well to make peace before their Trades Union funds are exhausted, and the public find out that their requirements can h be met as well and more cheaply by the f non-coddled operatives of the other colonies. It is perhaps only at the antipodes that the sight can be witnessed at one and the same time of deputations of men with no work to do asking i for employment to keep the wolf 'from the' door, and mobs of people rioting in the 'streets because they believe they are called upon to work.too long. On two nights of 1 the week demonstrations of shop employes were made in Bourke-street, in-front of the b establishments of persons who did not con fourm withithe views' of thd'oarly 'donors, r and'violence occirred'which'called for the intervention of'tel police: 'Tle ringleaders 'in the distiirbance were brought up before the City Bench and fined,'ince'whichc there has been' an end to the rowdiness of'the victims 'of the 'rapacity of the Melborne \- shopkeepers." ' The late Assembly has cer s tainly caise to be 'ashamed of its handi work in the shape of the Shop Employes rill; which has been tiirned into ridicule 'by the various nihnieipalities' and cities Sthroughoit' Victorii,' and has caused'a b large aiiunt 'of the feeling between em Sployeris 'ihd emIployed."" [ Raibbit'coirsing lhich, 'during tihe last I fe'w years has" bedn"nr favourite pastime ani'dng tlihe lsse'"order of 'sportsmen, has by theSSupreme Couirtof Victoria sitting in Banco, been declared illegal. "The Legis litturo"ih.its anxiety to 'kitinguish poor t bunny Iy process of law framed a clause'in the Rabbit Suppression Act, rendering it 'unlawful for anyone to "let loose" any rabbit in any part of Victoria. .A zealous I iolideniai;,'literally interpreting this clause Sin'the act, summoned certain sportsmen to I the City Court on a'charge of lettiig loose a rabbit 'in Albert Park,' although said b linny was speedily caught and killed by his 'canine pursuers. IThe magistrates, takidg b commonsense view of, the case, dismissed the complaint,' which, :liirover, on appeal to the highest codrt of the colony, has' -been upheld. The 'episode is'only remarkcable as affording an example of the ronflit lIetweeni liw, jutice, and comnon lsense' which hasty 'legislation can' alone render pbssible.' "''" 'Their IKonorsrthe Judges of tie Suprenime Court are 'often compolled' to deal not only Swith complicated law 'points, but with mI atters'ipon which:thie lays'iitid is often seriously exercised. For instance, 'MIr. 4 Justice'Holroyd was recently called upon in a' ease ' in which a 'parent sought to obtain the eustodyof his children;' to -say whethei 'he thought "sausage anid dry bread" was fitting food for ' an infantbf 12imoaths old. Without pronouncing any definite opinion 'oeithe subject, his Honor decreed that the legal custodian of the children was the father, thus incidentally approving of the diet to which objection ivas taken. It may thus be inferentially assumed that henceforth "sausage and dry bread" has been legally sanctioned as the proper and fitting' food for infants. Perhaps the learned judge was influenced in his decision by the knowledge that the child was the offspring of German parents. August 15. S God bless our .Home.-A traveller in Western Iowa noticing on the wall of tlhe parlour of the hotel the legend Ici sc parle Franccais, said to the proprietor : "Do yoi speak French " " No, United States is good 'nough for me." "Then why do you keep that legend on the walls" "That means 'French is spoken here.'" "Is \- that so ?" "Certainly !" "Well, I'm a Shalf-breed from up the Missoury, if a feller Swith a wart on his nose didn't sell me that Sfor a Latin motto: "God bless our Shome." ' f Tom Corwin has an enormous mouth, which, when it was opened, was ashuge in it's way as an alligator'k. Hie once said he Shad been insulted by Deacon Smith. The 3 good brother asked for further erplanation. S"Well," said Corwin, "when Istood upat the back of the lecture-room to relate my Sexperience and opened my mouthl, Deacon \- Smith rose up in front and said: " Will some brother please close that window and keep it closed?" -A Noracostrian undertaker has struck out an original line in announcing his f unerals in the following terms:--" VWhy Slive and be miserable, when'you can be buried comfortable for £1 l0a. 