Mr George Muller at the Wes eyan Church A service was held at Wesley Church, Lous- I dale street, on tbe 19»h lost , when Mr. I Miil!er preached a sermon. He said ;be I congregation were already aware that tbe j adorable Lord Jesus Christ bad again and I again made the promise, before his asceusiou, I that the Holy Ghost should come. This, j promise he had made in Sc. John xiii. and xv.( I and then after his resurrection the promise j was repeated. In Acts L 4, 5 — 44 And being assembled together with them, commanded them that they should not depart from Jeru j salt m, but wait for the promise of the Father, which, saith he, ye have heard of me. ' u For I John truly baptised with water, but ye shall be baptised with the Holy txhost not many days I , hence." Here the promise was repeated, aud j further, that it would be only a few days when I it would be fulfilled. And that promise was I fulfilled t nd glorified cn tbe day of Pente- 1 cost, of which a record waa given by ths Holy Spirit in the Becond chapter of the Ac;s of the Apostles. When the adorable Lord Jesus left his dbciples they were to be guided by the Holy Spirit, and the Holy Spirit sustained them up to the very present, guiding the Lord's ! I disciples in the way of truth. It was further : I said that the Huly Spirit was to testily of I Christ, in St. Johu xv. 26, and further on in I toe next chapter that tbe Comforter was to re- prove the world of sin, of righteousness, and of I judgment. Then the Lord said to his disciples I that He had in&ay; things to say to them, but that they were not able to hear them then, and i hat, when the Spirit ot Truth had come, He would guide them into all trnth. In St. John xvi. 13, we found that the Holy Spirit was to show us toe thiogB to come, and in the ' fourteenth verse we read that He waa to glorify tbe Lord Jesus Christ. The thirteenth verse was frequently misunderstood. It stated, For, He shall not speak of Himself," and this meaut that He would not speak from Himself, the ex planation being given immediately afterwards in the words — 44 Bat whatsoever he shall hear, that sbaii be speak." He did not, however, I intend to dwell on all tha&e; various points, I but to dwell particularly upon one point, tbat tae Church ot Christ received spiritual power through the gift of the Holy Spirit. The spirit was given to the Church for the purpo-e that it might bs endowed with spiritual powers ty the j gift of the Holy Spirit. They would find in | Acts L 6, that the disciples a»ked our Lord Jesus Christ, "Lord, wilt thou at this time restore again the kiDgdcm to Israel ?' and He repliwi, 1 ' It is not fcr you to know the timed or tbe eeaaoos which tbe Father bath put in his I own power." The Holy Ghost had come upon all of us, but the question was, did we receive the spiritual power ? The disciples bad n> worldly influence. Silver and gold they had none, nor wen they learned men. A won derful change, however, came over these men | after the recurrsetion. Before the i esurrectron 1 the disciples were disputicg amocg themselves | I as to who should be the greatest, but alter- J I wards they disputed not, and were ready to j ( undergo any sufferings for the Gospel of the I | Lord Jesus Christ, and this was on account of j | tbe gift of the Holy Spirit, which gave them I j spirit power. The same spirit was given to I abide with ns tor ever, and notwithstanding I our manifold errors, failures, and shortcomings, ! the Holy Spirit was now in the Church. No, I indeed ; the Spirit had not been taken from 1 us. That very Spirit waa in Melbourne, ready j I to hear and to give blessings to us if we were I only ready to receive them. It did not ! follow becaUFe we attended worship now and I then, or read the Bible occasionally, that we I were partakers of the Spirit of God. We aboold ail ask ourselves tne question in tne i presence of God, had we the spirit of Christ I with us? We read in Romans viii. 9— 4 If I any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is I none of bis." Some might say tbty were not I euro whe her they bad the Spirit or not. He 1 would direct tbtm to Epbesians i- 13 — 44 In j whom ye also trusted after that ye heard tbe j word of truth, the gospel of your salvation ; in | whomalso, after that ye believed, ye were sealed | wi.h tbat Holy Spirit of premise." Here it I I was seen bow th%t Spirit was to be received. I i He exhorted tbem to put their trust entirely in 1 : the merits of the Lord Jesus Christ, who was I our substitute on the cross cf Caf- j vary. We should trust in Him for I the salvation of our souls, depend on 1 Him, and teiieve in Him. And whosoever I then receives the gospel, tbe promise is given j that be ebail receive the spirit. But it did not I fellow tbat because we had received the Spirit I that we had the spiritual power. It was | further necessary that we should not grieve the I Spirit — that we should avoid the evil maxims I of the world, if we wished to enjoy fully the I I place God intended to give Lo ns through the I I H««ly Spirit. \Ve received the gift tt-at we I I should be able when the L rd went to the j I Father to do not only tbe same works which j I he bad done, but greater wotks. This did nut I j mean that we should be able to work greater I j miracles than Christ had done — because I I greater could not be done — but still Christ I I left to bis disciples the power to do greater I works than be bad dece, and men I 1 in the present century had been known I I to do greater works than the Lord I j Jesus Chribt had done. But that work was in j respect to tbe conversion of sinners — a work I I which God left to the honour of his disciples. I I The Spirit was yet with tbe Church, and if we I believed we could do great wotks, and greater I works than tbe Lord Jesus Christ bad done I I Rut bow many of us had been instrumental in I I converting si. nets? Tbat was the question to j I ask ourselves. Then there was an honour before | us that we bad yet to lay hold of, and a j 1 privilege awaiting us tbat we had not yet par- j taken of. If we had been conscious of having | grieved the Spirit, we should call out for mercy, I avoid bad company, give up bad hfibits. ail j evil and principle?, and humiliate I ourselves before tbat Spirit. Let us all then 1 seek to walk in the light of God without j grieving the Spirit. 