Amusements. MUSIC, THE DEAMA, &c.; OPEEA Hocsi. — ' Duty Bound,' which has feebly straggled for existence daring the pant six niirhts, has, and not by any means too soon, given up the gbost. Let ue trust that ita slnmbtre may be eel aom disturbed, for it mnBt be confessed that the fru qnent appearances of such visitants would hardlj e favorable to the reenlar ' walkings1' of quite another kind of ghost. Something better, howver, has been chosen to eucceed it, namely, The Woman in Waite,' in whiuh Mr. Wybert Eeevc's Conni Fotco bus been so justly admired. He will be supported by Miss Mjra Ketnbie, who w.U Enstaiu the character of Anna Catherick, of which, as ii m-l be remembered, the was the original representa tive in Sydney. Theatre Royal. — Mr. and Mrs. Williamson mast be congratulated upon the brilliant success whio; has- attended th»ir re-appearance in ' ' Struck Oil.' If ever they deserved the favor bestowed ciion their efforts in ttiat piece, as unquestionably they did. they are ? as fairly entitled to a repeti tion of it now, -or their acting has lost non. of ihe merits which dJBtinKnisned it long ago ; a fact of wtiich the nightly reception of John atotel and Lizzie, by a crowded houoe, affords the mo»l eati»factory evidenoe. Gaistt. — By this time the Widow O'Brien may be almost descried ae a Bort of fixed star iii our t eatrical firmament. At any late there 18, as yet, no sign of ber light paling. To continue the metaphor,' and with more literal apphcation, it may be addeo that an e^nal interest attaches to the regalar apparitions is the earns neighborhood of the ' snoot ing star ' iEola. i'EiNCEss's Tszatbe. — The Hugo Minstrels, who bepan their season here on Monuay evening, hav» bei-n performing to cowded houses. Standakd. — Mr. Detnpier and his clever company continue to present 'For tbeT«rmof His Natural Life' to large and appreciative audiences, who, it is to be hoped, find an edifying lesson in that realistic picture of c nviet life as it used to be in Van Dienian's Land. Academy op Mueic— The Federal Minstrels, who have attain been thrown upon their resources since the term cation of Warner's ana Barlow's engage ments, have shown, as they often have before, that, they are qu.te equal to the ta?k of keeping up the fun without extra assistance. With Bent, Moy nham, Lawton, and Keenan, the entertainment can never flag, and just now t&eir; pleasant fooling is exhibited to the bent advantage. The halind singing and part songs of the minfitreb- maintain the excellent level formerly reached, and the violin solos of LaFeuillade well deserve the applaud with which they are received. And last, though decidedly not .least, comes tbatianghable travestie, in which the minstrels figure as the denizens of the Japanese Village. Albambea. — This place of amusement is always well attended, and the enterprising lessee, Mr. Fraufc Smith, seemingly spares no pains in order to make his company a variety one in reality as well as name, for, besides a number of vocalist* and dancers, &c;, among whom the lair Bex is largely represented, it includes an accomplished ventriloquist and a ' rale Irish piper.' Bucbxky's ** Hibernicon.' —This well-known comedy company has been appearing with much success in the suburbs during the week. On July t- the Glebe will be visited, on July 7 Paddington, and oa July 8 Waverley. The performance deserves every encouragement from the public. ViiLAaB Faik.— The Village Fair in the Town Hall attracted a number of visitors on Friday. Xbe pond in the, centre was a great draw, ana several good hauls were made fay the fishers. The various stalls did a roaring trade. One, perhaps, to the fact that several novelties were introduced. In the even ing a musical entertainment was included among the attractions. This evening Mr. Bivers AUpress and a number of well-known vocalist* will appear, and a, meet liberal programme has been prepared. SACRED CONCERT. — A sacred concert was given in St. Matthias's Church, Paddington, on Friday night by the church choir, assisted by the All Saints' Church choir and several lady and gentle- men amateurs. The church was crowded, and the choir fund, in aid of which the concert was, given, benefits very substantially by the proceeds. Mr. E. P. Truman, jun., presided at the organ, and Mr. Edwin P. Truman discharged the duties of conduc- tor. The programme was long and varied, and the way in which nearly all the items were rendered indi- cated that no pains had been spared to make the concert a success. The selections in the first portion were more varied than in the two succeeding - Handel, Mozart, Sterndale Bennett, Mendelssohn, Beethoven, and Batiste being placed under contribu- tion. The principal numbers were three selections from Mozart's 12th Mass; a trio, "Lift thine eyes," from Mendelssohn's "ELijah;" the duet "Now we are ambassadors," with the chorus "How lovely are the messengers;" and Beethoven's "Hallelujah Chorus." The second portion consisted of selections from Mendelssohn's "Hymn of Praise," with a violin solo by Herr Francik, with organ accompaniment, and the last part selections from Handel's "Messiah," concluding with the "Hallelujah," 