T'HlE OLD SUL'IOOLMAS'.?i?i' FIRJE WOOD. 'riro snow Is' very d"eep, thIlat year, at Clinton ,ceehlre, arnd old Schoolrrmaster ltulltord wals mlorn feeble tihan 1sua1; rtdl, what w'itlh M arho's serwing Ibilg inlterrtlpted, and it tnrW milliner allnd dressmoelcr havring cot uip at Beech Village, times wern very hard. " Von "atW get I rln Isles mlore \woodl, Billy," she raid, to her little brother. "''hle lire nearly went out thi, onrlting, w/lnlr you were it sclool, and the ono'W waso too deepl for tro to ILot onut, to thl wood-lpile." " Wlood-pite's all gone," said Ililly, bitilng a sti-cireulr pirece IouIt of his breald iand treaOlc- bseell gone for a woekl," "(Gracion loe ! i" cried poor IlMarlii. " Antd where lhasn 11 tlhe wood erlre from tlhat w''ve been trurntitgi" " l've been rippin' tlhu thorns off tire iGhost IhIusio fetnce," observe Bct illy. "I sarw ilhe thtr' fellows doing it, so rwhy h oullrl't I ? Ard l've cholpped up all lire old w'oord in the stablel." "IBut lilly, tlhlit, is tealirng 1" airl IMarira. " No, it rin't," 'announlcred Billy, with the air of one who fel. it irnself an lluthority ot tim olsubjct,. "iT'h otrll fellow that boulght the lGhost Ilourse ies sold tlu Iroperty to the rarilrway om enllty, rnd tlhey'regolngto lay i lhim of rails rih troght rog tIre back garden. 'theo old louse woll Ihaveo Ieoe pulled to iiecc long ago if tollrt hadn't been aifraiid of tile ghost, rind I imay n well Ihvo it ptll at it ris antyoneo elsen " BIlilly, thlre's nro sucroih thing ias ghost,"' remon sotrlteld the siter. "l)Don't I rntow tlat," isaid Ililly, lilcting tIho lst remainsir o of tof trleclir nur, tr the oll jar. "All the saille, 1ti'm rOeciolns careful ltot to be about Lth placeO mInchl after dark." "I dolnt 'twnt anty timorn of this Ipiraticid business," raid lMaria, gravely. "1 aou quite stre tlhat John Gregory wrill lerld iro wood ulllntil I ti able to order n fresh load, if you go down nod ask him." " Hero he comies now," isaid Ililly, vwho had beenr flal.tlning Lis noso against ti wlltdow-'glasro . "i thltnlk you'd rbetter borrowt it yourself." Mrria ilafford ran to pin i now Ipinkl ribbon bow- or ratllher n Iinkl ribbon ibo whiclh hadrt been emwly rwashed uand ironod-at liher throat, anti to non if her glos!IybrowtI hair 'iwasl loothl . For hlairin wais young ntd prltty, and John Gregory waos highly appreciative of tIho santrrto. Johln droveo up to t hei gate ir, froltl, nlow nicarly barricaded by aII lolster drift of orowv, rnl carefully tied hia hlors? to in ring fastened into thie terunki of the old elm tree. And thlren Io cameo intuo the rouo lttanp ing tlh snow off hlis fneet. "Comin' this wnay," satid lieo, "thlouglht I'd stop and inquire Ihow the old sehoolhnrst ir is." " l'i'n prollty feeblr," sigrlhed Mallria. "ni'll soo nld gi on ed gi e thn e l) Ipring sets in,"' naid John, ncouragilrgly. "Anything I can do for 'yo, Mnria, dclown in the v'llrlage?' ".I need some noron wood," 'aid MariaT, wistfutly. BltL I can't, pay for it before p?ta atnnluity money cotnoe illr. "Olh, got out!" ?atd John. "1Pay for it, irleed i Wteon our woodland is tsuforint'-yes, artlraly oufferinl' \--to bo thilnced out. Ill sendt yol down n load, Mtorio, wheln .i-r' "I taun not a beggar!" rsaid rlaria, Iufford, with nomn pride. Jonltl nodded ir heaad. " 'Well, if you find at load of good faggots left rt'your slod door one o' tllhose days yon'll Iriow what it tmean," smid he. "l)oI't you wiant to ride down the road in piece, IariTa? I'rm going to tle Ghost H1ouse1 ?" "'io the Ghiost HIouso!n" ?ild Mrraria Iltlford. Ir What for?" "Alter a big nmhrlrogany lhair thait was left tlhere," oaid Jolhn. "Old Dawton is a curiosity collector, and hie's bought it for a sovereign. Ilo's got mo to talte it to tlhe staltion. Ilo's goln' to crnd it down to a pllace in London wlhero they expect to sell It for much mrore. I'm told follti aro goi' clealn crazy nbout such old thllnlgs." "llallo " cried Billy, jumtpig down from tito window seat. " What'o thie hatter, Billy? " cried hli sisler. "I tol you there was waspa theore." "lIt ailrn't woa ," gasled Billy. " We burned ui that clhrir, lirrin, thlo day you wauted tha oven hlut lost went." li ttirIled it soceraillt out or theo room, annd poror litrrio with dloniletast e'yrrr and btrnltng cleolta tora forcedr to expllain thm whlole thinig lo John Gregory. "t Wl, if tto iosn't, it ii',," c'rir thrlt hri'tlrdh , . 'wilt it long lot wlohitltlc. " liow in I to fetchll thie big chaoir ldown to tIle iratllway uttlltn if there'Os tnotnr to fetch ?" " Oh, Johln, John, wlhant shnll weo do?" groalred poor hlirir. " Dno yeou sullpos Oo oif Graidltmother lurf fortl's oll chlir would do is well? 'rlroro' half a donl[ O tht'mn tlhalt hro stood there o'er ointo I was ai child. 'T'ley're dreadfntrl rold-flnllhiontl." " Leta gr and hanvo ia look it 'rlt,"' saltd Jolhn. And Ilthe resullt of the inspection tas Irhat olo of Granlmilhter Illutford' highll-ttlhllrlerrl old hlairs 'ats c aroltly trouglht dow'nr tairt? r ld lifted into Jolllhn' cart. "I'mL snt u it' old enouglh, if lltha whalt h1 wants," on?ld John Orogory, "lI'd defy ariy otte to toll the difference boto.on oone ?lair and another, lwhen u:ico they've gone over the boundary line of a litu o:' r years. Anyloiw, it's the bl.t I can' io. I t ai : gd'?? thing you lappe?ond to think of it, Mario." And the 1od1 Ilafford iiahir, ,arofu'Iv ipcl:cket in l rev ,n lq'ge r sho atiings and fo hI , of ntl lty t? 'e r ,,el C?titt, 'b"o15 bsot. dowr tI Lo((lott by taIn. John Gregory (ol0u0 up) ig;t:u within :L wci0 k or two. " w. ell, Maliai": ;aid li, "' i 'o goL a? Ctatomtlr for nti.10 ,r i thcin old chairs. Thleee' ia lods' ini Lndoi lif01 r-; en tht ,llo olll offrtced five pouritd, for it. lult it wo bl:epol:e. So tri(ol old I)avtoln toId lle of ii, aycIf I, 'Il k1 o whlero I c:i iet lanothlL er of tIl0 same pit(rll, or as atear lito it as ran be.' S.ys lie,' S1rit it to 1l tl0?!,p,thenll.' Adndif you're wtilint'tCa,.,l it ot tho)e e tFirn5 ----" \- Willing !" bcchad Maria. " Why, John, it's like swindling l eColO. Do--do you tbiokt it would bo right ? " " An ariicle'a y n wroys worthl the ltooney it'll fceltih," nodited Johni Gregory. "T?e--of cour;e i'fi right." lThe old Ilufford cihair were brought out of their dite recepllclo in lhe garret anid told, one by one, to eager riilcltotoi--a Ittered old wardarobe eras " fiel up" )by John (Grogory, tild a rpindlolcfgged table f(l lowred to? iand hIldt tpon it, tilnlil ldria'a wood-pile lld f 1llur-barrrl wvero relplenished, I ntw cirliet wwlia boughti for Groandfather lufifordi's room, andi tho retl tnd theo grocer's bills wero triulmphantly (aid. SIt's as if wero'd found a blag of gold l" told 'Maril, ,with tiars in tier eye. "And it's till your doil;gs, John.' "line, you tatan," Oaid Billy, who wl s cutting cogs in an emptlly iottln.reel to (l1Io tthe nachinery for a water-millho in was conslructing in tile narroweslt part of the little, stream lhard by. "If I hladn'L tadelo firewood out of the Gho?tl-houo cllair, you twouldn'L have lhad i clitttnc to sell yours, hMaria." But John looked wristfully ut Malri when Billy Ithd ruceid off to exporiment with hii neow' variety of Ichtt(l. " hMariil," noid lie. "Well ?" Maria was attending to tho dinner over theo lire, withl very rod cheeks and a hIousotifely airofabtlrao. lion. "If you're really no grateful to no----' "Well?" There's a way you mighlt show it." SI can't thinik whati you teanr, John." "Well, ito tiot, for lack of explaiting it," Eiglted tIh fiithful John. "I waatl you to marryy me, Maria. Isn't fthalt plain enoughl ?" " Oh! Johll. Wh'llll you /,ltote I can't leave pa!" '" Well) then, let ia coalon hero to live," reasoned honlest Jolhi Gregory. "I 've no islt to pilltt you from your fiatlher." "But your farm, John i'" "I can let it., fast enough," Eaid he. SlWell,-Jolhn,--if pa is wnilling-- " John rose, quietly, but resolutely--lho grasped tile vegetable pat andt lifted it carefully off tlheo fire. "John!" cried lMaria, "what aroeyou going to do ?" "To kists you, MIaria. "Inut loh, fhli piotatoes aren't done !" " Let tihe potatoes wit,"' aid John. "l'veo waited long ennougli " 'T')et afternoon, wheln nilly went down to thel villago to play marbler with hit sclhoolfellow., Ito cltucklled gleefully. "iJ'vo sccil John Gregory kissing our lMaria, ithrough the kitchenl windowe l " naid he. "I nlouldn't wonder tihy'ro engageid. Aren't ,nou nilly, thoughl I l'd like to ;?oo thei girl l'd kiis i" 