A Tough Story. A VERY-tough ? story, which,.is ,vouchetl( for lifter 'ii' fashion,1 is going the rounds and given for what it is worth. , It' is related- that a Mr. ,S.,M. ..was sitting in ¡his backyard talking to 80me..,'fnends,>.-',wheu<;his.;,attentipn was culled to a lion with a brood;'of young* chickens and a large ; rat that hud j emerged from Iiis, bolo and was quietly . regarding the young'chickons witli the prospect'' of' a' meal in view. . ' Ak tlte rat came from Iiis hole the houso cat. woko from her afternoon, .nap and caught sis;!it of tho rat. ,.¡ Crouching low she waited developments,-and stood prepared to spring'upóií his'ratship;1' At the' appearance of hisuncient ènëiny, tho ciitJ'H'Scotch tenier, : which hud been sunning itself in the wool- shed, priclcod up its ears, - and quietly made for the place whore tho cat stood. At this moment a boy came upon tho scene. Tho chickens were nut'>cögirisnnt?iof being watched ny.tl'PtA'atíínQr.djrl the^.rat^ nnpj ,the _cat, j «or the feline the dog, who had not. noticed the coming of tlio hoy; i-'A Iitilô'chick wandered toa nigh and was snizfid by tho ¡rat, which was in turn pounced upon.hy tho cut, and the cat was caught in £IIB. moiftlO>££ th&' dog. The rat would, not cease its hold on tho chicken, and thn'eátiiV suite of. thoYslmkimr' liol was I getting from tho, dog,', did riot! lot.go tlie<[rat. It waa fun for tho1 boy, -{.andi inihightglee! ho watched 'the'contest'and'thé' stríigghr of1 each of the victims, "If seemed''to'him that the stone he hurled, at them was ¡bound to hit the rodent; '. Th.a'(oim. waa bad,, the stone .struck the dog right between 'the eyas.' The terrier released its ,gi:ip,,pn tho cat and. fell over dead. It had' bi-ipnfcltcd'1 its' *. Inst'boforo the oat in trna,lot-go tho-rat andi turned -over and died; " - Tho rat did not long - survive-'the enemy,"áiid beside tho'already dbud'ehicken, ho laid himself downand. gaye up. .tho ¡ ghost. The owner of tho dog was...so -:angry' nt its death that ho is said to have como near making tho story complete by killing'tha'boy that killed tho dog that shook tho cat that caught tho rat that bit the chicken in the yard in^-street.-' San Franoisco Post/ 