FRIENDS; on, OUT FROMf THE DARKNESS. BT LOUDON. CHAPTER VITI.-(Continued. " Once for all, I" bid you chooze, Josephine. Will you have my love or: iny cnmity ?' "They seem so near akin," slhe in terrupted scornfully. "They are of equal strength and equal unscrupulousness," he replied, vehemently. "And I te' vou .now " -his words were hissed, aid slow and distinct between the set, gloaming teeth-" that if you refuse to m-rry me, your lifo shall pay the forfeit as surely as I stand here." Suddenly her. strength seemdd to leave her; she swayed beneath the horrible significant words-svayvc forward and only saved herself from falling by grasping at a part of the fence near. Every tinge of colour forsook her face; her eyes took a dull, leaden look, and her teeth chat tered rs she twice tt:ed to speak and failed. Then she said, tremblingly- "You must give me more time. Da I look fit to make a decis;on now.c It is useless asking you for mercy." "Except through my love-yes. Take that and return it, ana eour master is your slave. R3Ejet it, and you shall feel his power." " G;re me Gme." "I give you until to-morrow morn ing-no longer. M3let meat the sta tion to-nmorrow, at 10 o'clock, go with me to London and we will be married by special licence at once. [ect; nme at: the station-Loomby station-at 10 o'clock to-morrow morniun, and all will be well for you." She benot her head almost impercep tibly-, but lie knew that she unde: stood. That night there camse a tap at Clavice's door ere she was in bed, and Josephine, looking exactly lilke a ghost in a white cashmere dressinug gown, trimmed with swansdown, over which the massed brown gold of hbe Ilalr descended below her waist, entered. The confidep.tial chat of every evening had some how been discontinued since an imperceptible cload had arisen between the two friends, but Clarice looked up with a smile of welcome nosw, and pull;ng forward a chair, said, "That is right, dear; come in and have a nice old talk." Josephine knelt down by Clarico's side, between her and the chair, and rather behind the latter, so that her face was hidden. "I anm not a very demonstrative person, as you know," she sa'd, wi51h a kind of odd little laugh. "It is easier to me by far to be reserved and feel overything without one sign, than to make any display of any emotion- affection, for instace." "We ought to be shaken in a bag together-," said Clarice, drawiso Josephine's arm up to her nec'k. "' show a great deal too much; bubt I suppose it is just this contrast that makes us us so fond of each other, dear, and get on so well together." "\We are foneud of each other,"; Josephino said, in a pathetic tone. "TWe have got on well on the whole, haveni't we ?" "Yes," sa;d the girl, wonderingly; then suddenly two soft arm:s twiud.' tightly, convulsively round her ncok, and tears wore on her face minglel with fervent:, clinging kisses. "Never think I do not love you, Clarico," Mlrs. Hill sobbed, in passionate utterance. "Don't think I aum not grateful for the- one dear, true friend my life has been blesscl with.. Whatever you may be tempted to think, whatever peopleo may say you know people will say such horrid thmgs-promiee me that you will never doubt my love, and never, nevov, never ceaso to care for me a little bit -just a little bit, dear Clarice." "I never could," Clarice answoerc gravely. "To love once means al ways with me, Josephine. You m:ght hurt my feelings, disappoint me, make me miserable, but you could not des-; troy my love, even if youi did my faith and trust." " Give me them too," the wovman on her knees pleaded. , "You have them, dear," Cleirica said, though lets certainty t'ian s' e had spoken before. "Why are you talking like this, fJosephine ? is any thing the matter?' . A sudden sharp suspicion seemed to stab her, and her face altered. "Nothing to injure you, darling," Josephine said, gently. "If I ever .have done you harm, g:ven you pain, I want you to bolieve that it has be-c. unconsciously done, and never, never from lack of love or gratitude. Say you believe that, Clarice. I have a fancy, dear, for hearing you say it to Snight." The pathos of the tone would lb-vo melted Clarice hlad her heart been really hard against her friend. She flung her arms roaud her neck a-ld sobbed hercelf, for companiousbhip, a she assured her over and over aain? of the truth of her own love and her faith in Josephine's. Perhaps all the more did she assure it, because of a half memory of doubts that had erupt in. They were not there now. "What geese we are," iMrs. l[ill said at last, half laughing, as she ross from her knees. "If scornful man kind could see as now, Clarice. Well, I won't spoil my eyes or your beauty sleep any more. Goodnight, my dar ling ; sleep well and happily." But she caught her to her heart as she whispered good- nieht, and Clatice felt her warm, soft lips again and again pressed to her eyes; chooks, and forehead; ere she could return the, caresses, however, her friend had vanished. The following morning Clarice remarked: "How shockingly late Josephine is," and when she had observed that twice, she left the breakfast-table and ran up-stairs " to rout her out," as she' said She came back presently with the blankest look upn.her face and be wildered tears in her eyes. "I don't see Josephine, and I see scarcely any of her things," she said, hurriedly. " She seems to me to have been up half the night packing, and to have gone; only why, or where, oe how ?" She looked dazedly at Ralphe Marche as she spoke; perhaps if lie had not been eating his breakfast in peace opposite her the shock might have been much greater. " Gone," le echoed, quickly. " May I have a search, Miss Russet ?" and without waiting for permission he fol lowed her up-stairs' to Mrs. Hill's pleasant deserted room. The bed was unslept in, the win dows and drawers open, a few lit:le thi;ngs littered about, but the greater part of the widow's possessions and her boxes, as Clarice had said, hal gone. "How can she have got them away: some one must have helped her," the girl said, bewilderedly. "Anud wry, 3Mr. _Marche. why when she h1 stayed here so often, and we have so loved to have her, why should she go like this" " Here is a letter, I think, for you ;" his keen eves discovered it be neath the pin-cushion on the to1let, table. "That may explain some thing." '" Hd raing." C a-ice ad- sdouB, " goa3 bye and forrive me. I am behavinor shme fully I know in leaving you like this after all your kindness, but I cannot help it and I can say no more. Only believe a- you pro mised last night, that however appearances are against me, and whatever you may hear about me, Inam notunerateful, and I love you still, sy. better, more truly than you knoe, dear. Your friendship has been the one happy thing in my life; perhaps, some day, some day, oh, I pray for it dear ! we may in mercy meet again and renew it; but till that day comes don't look for me, don't forget me.-Yours ever, " JOSEPHINE HILL." " What does it mean ?" Clarice cried, holding out the little scrawl and letting her own tears add to the blots already there. Marche took her hand. and. tried some lame words of comfort, but he could not tell her what alone' he thought it meant; he could not repeat to the poor girl the terrible words. Josephine had whispered to him, which alone gave him any clue to this strange departure. He was very kind, very sympathetic ivery tender to her all day, but. though he went out himself and made further inquirie3 later, he told Clarice nothing of the discoveries that bore out his own idea so strongly. Not till some time later did bIiss RJusset hear what the neigh bourhood said. Dr. Smythe left Burnham suddenly on the very same morning Mrs. Hill disappeared, and someone it seemed had heard them the day before arranging to meet by a certain train and elope. The neighbourhoo' of Looseby and: B3urnham never doubted that it was: an elopement; the conduct of DMrs. Hill and Dr. Smythe had been much commented upon after the dance at the Clogs it appe ,red, and then the general opinion was and would be that Mrs. Hill was a clever, b'l woman, who, for her own ends, had taken advantage of simple Clarice's kindness. Most of the wise folks said "they had always thought as! much." A shadow seemed to have fallen upon the cheery old hall, a shadow whose darkness grew deeper for one at least of the inmates, when Ralph Marche announced suddenly, two days after Josephino's departare, that his: holiday had expired, and he must return to work that very :day. He folded un the letter he had iast read as he made the announcement, and glanced at Clarice. le could not seo the slightest change in her face; she had looked pale, and had evidently been crying, when first she came down stairs that morning ; she looked pale, and her eyes were red.now. " Must you really go to-day ? " she asked, politely. " It is a necessity," he replied. His steady, dark eyes were watch ing her closely, bat still she made no sign. When they said farewell, he was just alone in the hall with her for one moment; she gave hism he hand but did not look up at him. "I shall see you again sometmne," he said, impressively, holding the pretty fingers closely. "I dai esay." "If it is a long time, I darasay you will have forgotten me." "Or vice versa," with a littlr laugh, and taking her hand awa.y. "No, my memory is very long for soeno things." . " Good-byo," and that was all'. CHAPTER IX. " You must go to this piscnic, Clarico; it is perfectly ablsrd of youe shutling yourself up and not caring for society. A young girl like you, with your attractioc --' "IDon't be sarcast c, Amy. I looked at myself this morniong, and thoughtwlhat a horrid ghost I lonked. I shall do for the skeleton at a baa quet sooen.". ," Then it is your own wickediess," said Mrs. Prism, with decision. :".You were one of the prettiest girls I know six ilbnths ago. If youwill go thiu, and lose your coloar, and mope for, no earthly reason, you oiights to be stopped by act of parliament.. People ask mie if you have Ieen jilted." A taiut colousr ruse Lo ito iss lRussLt' Pale cheeks, but she did not speak. " When you came to me for change," Mrs. Prism continued, stil. with that severity of tone and mien that sat so ill upon her vivacious prettiness, "your aunt said you wera suffering from a bad cold. That cold has entirely left you;, you hare no more excuse for unsociableness and mopishness than I hare." "You look the picture of health and brightness, Amy." " Simply because I laugh and talk no other reason for it, I asau'.you. I will just choose a suitable dress for this fetcivity, and array you with my own hands. There, I declare you look quite presentable." [TO Bs CONTINU?D.] 