LOCAL AND GENERAL. .H ahvbst P isstival.—Last evening at the Memorial Church the estimable paster (Rev. G. W . 8harp) drlivcred one of those thoughtful discourses which have m arked bis incumbency. The occasion was a thanksgiving for the harvest, and the rev. gentleman selected for liis text Christ’s words, " Take nc thought for yeur life, what yo shall cat, i r what je shell drink ; nor yet for your body, what y e shall put o n /’* The main lrsspns draw n frqm our Saviour’s iujdnption 'were t o . guard against hankering pare and ioiprbrtficnce. The pretty Jittlo' church .'was m6st tastefully decorated with;, flower* and evergrtens, fosteobs being gracefully entwined round pulpit, pillars* and choir. The singing was tunofui and appropriate, the choristers' exhibiting a marked improvement ip.the modulation of their voicosi The : ppri* g r^atio n was Urge, and a liberal offer-. *A-y was presented. ' !‘ V '!' DioBAiri.—The Dioraxn^ was twice ef hibited on Saturday to pped houses, and' the entire pcrformsnre was greatly enjoyed. To-night there will be an entire change of programme, th e principal fca- jtute being a representation of the B>aconsfield Bank robbery, / ? onT,,f ? rB^ CB 3J?0^ u .*;TTIllB ** 'gatta will be held on March 10. PRESENTATION CONVENT B aZAIH.— This bazaar was continued on Saturday, and as n 'u a l was Hocked by a nutnb'et ‘of citizens, who fell victims one after the other to tho fascinations of the fair de- 4»oUclUs who ^resided 'orer -the“rtafis,' and disposed of : lottery tickets by the dozen. This week operations will be transferred to Ibe Hobatl/Hall. M b Booth and Gospel Tempebakob —On Sunday afternoon, in the Town Hall, M r H. T. Booth began the first of a series of addresses on the temperance question. The hall was crowded,and the address1was listened to with intcreajt M f Booth printed out the disastrous resttlte of intemperance at some length) and advised his hearers to tliun the efril by^em* bracing the principled of tdtal absliDenre, Several persons at the close 1were inrcstcd with the blue rihboe. There will be a temperance'lecture in the same hall to night. H oly T binitt Club.—A preliminary meeting, to take into cousiaeration the formation of the above society, was held in the vestry last night, tho Rev. G. W. Shoobridgc in the chair. I t was unanimously agreed that an association pf should B„uuiu be wo formed »UIU,c« in cohnecfioh with tho parish, having for jits object personal improvement, co • operation jn eburch work, and mutual sympathy, Thp chabmanerpresged bis great pleasure at teeing w good w meeting/nhd at the pro.poct of the successful comraenaj- ___ well attended,' And. the proceedings were very hearty and unanimous. After appointing a committee to frame rules, the meeting adjourned till 'Friday 2 Flb jsrtontr a t 7 80 P bebbstatiok.*—Mr S.rtdugkes, -who Las been for many years past superintendent of St. John's Sunday-school New Town, was yesterday the recipient of a very handsome souvenir in tbc.sbape, of a dressing case, presented to him ry the teachers and children on th e ' ere o f hie departure for Melbourne, where he is to study for holy orders. M r Hughes is a neat speech thanked the kind donors fortbis unexpected token,and said th at he should always remember-them with feel* jngs of the deepest kindness. . H e then bade them all good-bye. M r Hughes leaves the district with hearty Srishcs for bis success iu life. *’ ..... Cowabdlt Assiclt.—An assaultof cowardly nature was committed ‘on IWo gentlemen in Collins street oq Saturday night last. While slowly walkingklbng the street named, between Elitnbcth and Argyle streets, about 11 80. jtliey were suddenly set upon by four or five ruffians, who knocked one of the gentlemen 'down and assaulted the other The one who wbf felled, while on the ground, was severely bandied, having his -clothes torn, besides' being considerably btuised. In addition to this 1 lie aggressors endeavored to rob him of his watch, one of the party breaking the hair guard attached in the attempt- On the cry ff H police ” being raised Ibe scouudrcls dccampe-1 with hat belonging to one of the gentlem' but on being chased he dropped it. course there w- re i n police about. This is not. the first time that our'sitcntion lms been called to assaults taking place name locality, a sailor haying been savagely assaulted a few wccki ago. Camusidge.—A correspondent writes It is seldom that a corrcsjondcnt mi find anything to report from this qui spot for publication in the newspaper aud perhaps ell that I have to comuiuoi^ cate on this occasion may not prove any interest to piiny >i jn iir readers All the residents of the neighborhood wil1 regret to learn that Constable Csborne' boy, aged ten years, cut his leg severely on a broken glass bottle la rifrid a y ; sr that on the 6ame day the“ father l^st valuable cow. To further iocr a 't worthy constable’*- 1'oublcn, bis wife present confined to her lied, *and^Up;Oare^ of the wounded lioy devolves upon't” ^ fathi r, in addition 10 other drynMi xoalters an^ bis daily police ‘duu< Constable Osborne is highlyxes; cctcd thr. ugli the district, and is a brother \----- the late wrU-krown nur«crymap^#Iose . , , T(i ijv Osborne, of S*ndy Day.” A W ell Mruited Com'LiirENT.—TJm address which was pres-ntid te Onp^aitf Capurn. nf the Southern Cross, by passengers of the Wailiora was the following' t e r m s “ Februan 17tb 1886, a.s. Southern Cross., To Captain .s..Sotitiicrn Cross. Dear 5’ the undersigned passengers ot steamer Waihora, desire to bestow upon you, your officers, and the ship's company generally, our heartfelt thanks for the kind attention we hhve receirfed at your hands on the occasion of the striking W aihora on the rocks of theN. Coast of Tasmania on the eroding of j 7th inst. We also wish to Irccord complete eatisfection in the manner with which you labored to convenience lio Georgo Town and Melbourne.—Wc main, dear air, yours very sincerely, Raillieu, P. A. McMckan, H . Churuside; and 70 other signatures. In handing, the address to the worthy recipient, M r Churnside said that he had much pleasure oh behalf of himself nod fellow passengers in doiug so. They were all dcoplj obliged to Captain Capurn and the officers for the kindness shown to them, and foi having placed tho Cross at their disposal The captlin made a suitable reply. O tbtbb Saloon. —Mr Loris Jones, tbe ketch Rachel Thompson, will open fish and oyster taloon in Collins street, to morrow morning, ju st above the Sli Hotel, when be hopes to receive a sbaro of public patrona e. ' P hotoobaI'ET.—Mr A lb ert' Sergeant has sent us 'specimens of . bis instantaneous photographs of tbe Hobart Regatta, which reflect the greatest credit on bis arliStic skiJ). No &pore; pleating remembrance of our annual aquatic carnival could be procured than M r Sargeant’s really pretty views. W c heartily commend them for faithfulness finish. j M rs. M. G. C. Leavitt.—As this lady will visit our city shortly, the following from the Lauitrcsfon Jftxamincv will bo .read with interest; - Mrs Mary Clement Leavitt, a distinguished member of, tec Women’s Christian Temperance \J n 18h of America, arrived per e s. Patceua yesterday. She was met on the wharf by the secretary (M r Collett) and trea. surer (M r Henry Turner) of the Gospel Temperance Conference, and conducted to tbo Launceston Coffee Pglace, where she Mill remain during her! eight days' mission here. M rs Leavitt has just concluded 8 seriefeef addresses through Ncn- Zealand, New South Wales,land Queensland, and the Press of tbioso colonics ik generally in high terms of her ity as a leclutcse. M n -^earilte stated to hare a pleasant- voice and good delivery, forme her sentences well, and treats her subjects with considerable reasoning- power, and altogether is a fluent and agreeable speaker. She opens under the auspices of the United Temperance Conference to-morro* in the Mechanics’ Institute, where she will deliver tbreo addresses, Jier subject in the morning being "T h e Body the Tejqjde ,-p^ibe H oly Ghost,” and the nfeniDgat 8.30 o’clpck on "G od in Government,'") while, an, afternoon address will be .given to young ladies. Moody and SanVey’s Jiymns will be used, and the United Temperance Choir rfjtTfppger selections o r music. On Monday evenjiig M rs Leavitt will deliver an address in,the Wesleyan obboobrqom, Pn'lorson .street, on I'TherW oflc^qf the W.C.T. .Union in America.-. . !Citt yo&icB; CoyPT. A t the City police _Court to-day Aldermen Bolbin ^ § .C iisp J.J.'sr|.,oocupicdthc Bench, and ! dispoeod of the following cases: —Busan Seelon, Jane Richardson, Churn-* k illings, for having disturbed tho pvucc in tho public streets, wero each fined 10s GJ^ | days.; I M arag fo T O and X V c b m l f f i ' Saving qp0P-.ui|ipK'ud incapablelum hW public ; rtreets on Saturday,'" w m LOs 6d and 5s respectively, w iththg^tsoal alternatives. Gustav Johnson, charged with Tj avi h g"“beeiT"3 funk and disorderly in Argyle street yesterday, incurred a \- nalty of 6s, with the m ual alternative. . .tm w ^O ary ;“"Tjt% t^M ~w ith' havl&g; disturbed : llie :^pcaco in Argyle street yesterday, incurred a similar penalty. Alexander Lee, charged by warrant with stealing a silver watch, valued h t £1 7s , the property of Charles Armstrong, the 16th inst., was remanded until the 26th in s t, on the application of cuporintendent Hedbcrg. ) P c b u c W ^eeg.C omuimiqn;—Messrs Stanley and'Zedl, two members. ,qfqitbe. Royal Commis ion appointed t d ,.enquiry intorihe,public works qfilhe icOlouy,. ar*. 'rived ’hy the ’'FlindbVa' in Launceston yesterday, and will probably ctjnic on to Hobart to-day. Some of o u r readers •tnay "re c o lle c t'th a t M r Stanle appointed, in conjnnction with Messrs Mais and Green, to settle the dispute which existed some 18 years ago between the M ain. Line Railway Co, and(the. Government. '' , E xecutive Uoukcil—T he Rxecutivo ibad |n unusuallv long siltipg to-day. LbsVdK YHk'MdukTAiN. ‘A; party of ladies *>nd gentlemen, mostly m ite rs f«fffi'theidtiier’rc3lonies, staying' at ‘the Richfield Hall and Bertrams, were reported to liave been lost on the mountain yesterday, hy the cabman w^o., h &d; been waiting a t the fin g er post for several bpur8 t 9.eoDvej.U1em b a c k te iown. On receipt of. the mTormation^ SubTuBpector Frdpsting formtd ft'party to pro’ceed' to the Monntt'with horns and lig h ts; but on the way. lhf*y jnet the wanderers about i i o’clock, on their .‘yetum journey home, ‘kho stated that ti)ey were delayed by varioustausesl,aud’unable to Teach the. finger-post ai,the time mentioned to the cabman. From them we Icarb th at an old gentleman, a dcctof, is mifesinr, and thejiolice nre rtiU searcbing for him. iJIqsPiTAL I jem . ■Otily one' c&ec.; was Jtcn d ed to at the hospital yesterday, tlrfit 6f Mftry Baglcy, aged 10 years, re ­ siding with her parents in Argyle. street, who after haring a needle extracted from her foot left the institution. Y achting. —The first and secood-class yacht races, which were arranged bv, the Regatta Association to be Jailed over again owing to tbe capsizing of tbe C ygnet, came off 011 Saturday' afternoon. ^The first-class yacht race brought b ut only two boats, the Avenger (7mm.) and the Haidee (scratch). Heavy ;odds Were laid on the tiaidee, which fully justified her backers by winning easily by 20min owing to the Avenger being becalmed in mid channel. Seventeen entered for the 2 '.-footers’ race, and after a very-close tbe first prize of £10 fell to the Echo, 3tnin. 4Ssec'. ahead ofc tbe C ygnet; tbe second of £G to the C ygnet; the Elsie May. 3*in„ tbe third of £ 4 ; and the Eureka,:th*» fourth of £2 The win iHi'ed by tlie veteran Fred. Turiier. Tbe prizes will be distributed some time during the week. \- - Body Foo*ti • Constable Bryan ported at the Police Station tb ntut about his attention ws* called to tbe body of a man floating n tbo W atermen’s Dork, and Lhat wiib the nssisUnfcti of Corn-tables William* *ud Moore he conveyed the body to tlic tnorguc at the General .Hospital, . where Dr. Lever identified the Irtdy as that of one Thomas Edward McHugo, a resident of Sandy Bay; supposed to be shout, 33 years of age. The date for the inquest fans not yet-b'eteh fixed T hk Aladdin. —In regard to the re- 7>aira.,which aro'tO']>a effected to this (vulk. lenders are now being'called by . T t f tbe Government for the ironwork The othrr rej airs are to be dojife' by day labor. PROBATES. — The following probates have been granted :—William Holly to Gamaliel H. Butler, £380 ; Samuel Bur- rows to H. Turner and J. Pearce, £347 ; Christina Kemp to Thomas Amott, £100 ; Thomas White to G. S. Seabrook and T. A. Reynolds, £131 ; and J. H. Gregea to D. Powell, £460. Letters of administra- tion of the goods of James Ray have been granted to T. Crawford and J. Mann, £420. H ood’s H tyiorn. — Hood became racqbantted 'wsth:lbb Duke of Devonshire in 1831, and the Duke appears to have been a kind and ussful friend to the. poet all through his life, and to bis family after death. At the Duke’s request be sent a list of book titles for wbni iscaflrd n " blind door " in the library ot Chatsworth ; and nothing can surpnss tbe wit and humor of .some of these productions. For instance. *■In-i-go Jones,';’ " D antc’i Inferno, or Description.of 1 an Deu.on' Land " T e Devil on Two Styx (black letter)" Lamb's Recollections of Suet;” " Lamb on the Death of W olfe;” “ Plurality of Livings, with regard to tbe Common C al;” "O n Trial by Jury, with remarkable Packing C ases;” " Boyle ou Steam;” ’‘Blain on Equestrian Burglary, or tho Rreaking-in of Horscs;”i "Jo h n Knocks on Death’s D oor;” “ On the Site of Tully's Offices “ The Rape ~on the Lock, with Bramah's N ote*;” “ Peel on Beel’a S y s te m “Johnson1 Contradictionary:;” “ Life of Jack Ketch, with Cuts of bis own Execution ;” “ Cursory Remarks upon Swearing;” “ Recollections of Bannister, by lo>d Stair;*' “ Cook’s- Specimens of tbo -Sandwich T o n g u e “ Larrew on the Common W eal;” “ Sobieski on the Right of the Polos to Stick up for Themselves Pcrc; ’/ VjOff:'i i n 30 -^dIsj nious Volumi- Volncy Voltaire,” 3 vojs.; “ Parry A W ” i . , J amaica T ka •• We have rriderice that' ^Jamaica can produce tea lof a vert, superior character, and no doubt Ca mellh fhea could be grown in many other parti of the West Indies with profit and she. cess. The Director of the Jam aica Public Gardens points out in h|s report for 1885 that the small plantation of tea established nt thc.Gpvcrnmcnt chinchona plantation Tfi' ’in V thriving state a s , .regards, the growth of the 'lfl»t,\'wi8h j of which aro f om U ftiolZ ft Eighj Some little timo ago, it m aybe reniembered, samples of te a 1produced at this plantation were sent houie, and were most farerably roported upon by twe wrll-Jinnjrn fir s of London .brokers. Messrs Georgb W liite and Co. valued t|io samples at Is Od to 1? 8d per! lb. in bond, and remarked that the tea wps o f good flaror.'AUd combined to a grefttoztent tbe peculiar characteristics of aj fino China black leaf and Ceylon Pekod Bohchong.’l Messrs Park, Macfuydcn and Co. described the liquor aB“ fulL strong and rich in flavor,” and Lad nopcsitalion ii\ saying that the tea would $nd a ready market in London. W ith | suoh- tosti1 monies aj^Uie^e, the planter! of Jamaica, who are finding ccffcc and sugar unpro- — India [ W fttnoss and sicknoa* nliiuiffud Jto beiltti and strenirta«ttli lioji Hitters alwaj-s if tease made by AroericanUo. t»o. 1 ■*F#ay A*» Boas’ Eucaltfti Bxtiuct.—Ctrs tloaien,—Usrisg suffered from eccaus (s skin dii. esse wbteh is Tory preTslent ib this colony) for •bout nine yen*, I fan J ecasiiUed tjineroui modiesl men hers and in Australia, jsiUT baft Ukek arssaie, stryobnine, iodide of potaksintn, eto..'interaaliyrvtid had nsed preparations of tins and lesd siiernally. Iu fact, I bad tried all tbe renediee oent Visit to JJoldUka, I v»aa recorrineudoft lo J.rj bad StfSilMded fTMt boneflt from it iu allsviet. inf a Tory serere cold, nnd no less to lay anmriae than satisfaction, 1 fennd tbe dia£ee whicli bad troubled »# »o )*Df wa* conquered, and t*a:eiue raanmed iU normiil wndUion. lUs wu affscUd l . th. eiter.nl . . . .1 let, bottles. Tou are welcome ta mass • • • »»» , u pleas* of this teller, and I ■ HoiIIh Holrt l j 1,,T"C*w A*r Ce.,Diraw«>ri stre*t, 