[continued from syjtrbay:.s ■surre'jtsiixt.] RED kyyingtojs, BY WILLIAM "\YESTALL, AUTHOR OP " LAltRY tOITEKGRIN," " THE 0£D FACTORY," ETC\ AiT INVITATION'. WltOtt Dora went down to the broakfast room next morning she found it untenanted. Her aunt who, despito hor years, wns generally an early riser, not feeling very well, had asked her "to see to the break fast," her oomiiB were at the factory, and Kaloocii Iiiid not appeared. So she sat down aftct waited. She sat with her head poised on her hand, and gazed through the window over the tops of the long chiranoys towards the brown moors and green meadows^ dotted here and there with grey farmhouses and • belts of dark woodland, wInch scotched be yond. But she looked Wfth6i\t seeing ; her mind was busied With the strange story she had heard the mailt- before. She pitied Kalouga, but *ho pitied still more Kalouga's sister. Ho >\t least was free, but Zeneide had died in a dreary dungeon. It almost seemed to her, since she had seen the photograph, that she had known Zeneide. There was a tender wistfulness in the ptfor girl's eyes, an expression of about the mouth, which seemed to foreshadow her fate, to mark hor cut tis destined for an early death. And tlvon Dora tried to think what life in a prison ceuld be like. She knew what it was to bq kept in the house by bad weather ; to see the clouds hang low oil the hills and the air thick with moiatiiro. -16 near the swish of water against tlVo Windows, and Watch the melancholy Faindrops, as they drip from leaftoleaf to sink ghost-like into the sod den ground. This was bad enough, and cvon I with the aid of books, work, and music., the society of friends, and tho prospect finer weathor on the morrow >a f\;u-d to bear. : What, thou must it bbstuit up in a dungeon, even when tho aUn shines, even when tho birds sii*gto bo denied all sight of the sun, j save perhaps an occasional gleam through a grated window at an unreachable height, to be denied even the sorry satisfaction of seeing it rain ; never to hear music, or behold I flowers and green fields : never to go out; never to see anybody but turnkeys and prison women as unfortunate as hersolf ? No wonder Zeneide died ; Dora would have died too-*-she was sure she would—and have thought it a happy release. Yet Kalouga, had been two years in solitary confinement. How had ho borne it, she wondered ? How nobly he acted in giving himself up when they arrested his sister. How he must have suffered when he lizard oC her death, and that his self-sacrifice had been in vain. No wonder he looked sad sometimes. What could have happened to him in prison that he had promised not to reveal ? What '*Good morning, Miss Ryvington," said the object of her thoughts, who at this moment entered the room. "I hope I have not kept yon waiting. I did not know what time it was. My watch is not quito right, I think." Dora explained that her aunt would not be visible for a while, and that she was waiting the return of Handle and Robert from the factory. She thought that Mr Kalouga might perhaps have gone with them. "No, hehad been walking round the gar den and going through the conservatory with tho gardener, who had shown him some rare orchids from South America, which had just arrived and thon, after a pause, he said— "I have to thank you, Miss ltyvington, for tho kind sympathy you expressed for mo last night. At the moment my emotion was too great to permit me to speak, but now I thank youwith all my heart." "You were thinking of your poor sister?" "Yes, I was thinking of Zeneide, la panvre malhimrcuse, and my emotion was all the greater that it seamed to me you were not unlike her—in character I mean, for your face is much more beautiful." "What can you knowabout n-.y character?" said Dora with a blush. " Why you never saw me before yesterday." " Oh, but it is easy to see, Miss Ryvington, that yours is a noble nature, and that like Zeneide you are teuder and true ' " I beg pardon for interruptiug you, Mr Kaloima,'' said Dora, to whom the reference to herself, however flattering, was somewhat embarrassing; " but I wanted to ask you—if you could let me have—if you could spare me a photograph of your sister for my album, I should be so much obliged.' "Certainly, with the greatest of pleasure. I shall esteem it an honor that you place Zeneido's likeness in your album. I will fetch it now.' And before Dora could pro test that there was no need for hurry, that it would do at any time, ho had left tho room. In a few minutes he returned with tho photograph in his hand. "It is very like tho one you showed us last night," observod Dora, " Yes, it is very like," returned Ivalouga gravely ; but he did not tell her it was the same, and that it was tho only one hu had. "You had not one of your brother, I think you said ?' " Unfortunately I have not." "Nor of yourself?" asked Dora. I "Nor of myself. But if it would please you to honour my poor likeness with a place iu your album, nothing would be easior than to procure one." " Oh, no, Mr. Kalouga, I did not mean that at all," answered Dora, colouring a second time. " It is only because I like to arrange my cartes de visite in family groups; and ^thought it would be nice to put your brother's photograph on one side of your sister's and yours on the other. Have you the other photographs you showed us last night, or rather which you promised to show us 1" " ' Tho Heroes and Martyrs,' you mean ? " Yes, that is what you called thorn, I thank. I like looking at photographs ; it is. almost as if you saw the peoplo themselvos. And if it would not gWe you too much trouble- " "It is no trouble at all; it is here in my pocket." As lie spoke he produced a card, some six inches by four wide, and handed it to Dora. It was surrounded by a black border, and contained nine photographs of small carte de visite size. Eight were portraits of tnon ; the ninth was the likeness of a young girl. Each of them was in tho form of a medallion ; four of the medallions were edged with ropo, five with chains. At the right hand upper corner of the card was a gallows, erect in a heap of skulls and fetters. In the opposite corner the gallows appeared on tho ground, and tho fetters were broken and the skulls had vanished. Between the two uppermost medallions gleamed tho fearful faco and terriblo eyes of a Medusa. In each of tho lower corners were an axe and a block. In the centre of tho card appeared this inscrip tion :— RUSSIAN' REVOLUTIONISTS. HEROES AN'D MARTYRS. How dreadful ! What does it all moan?" asked Dora, with a shudder. " Who are they V' " Victims of tho Russian Government and heroe3 and martyrs of the Russian people," answered Kalouga, in a hushed voice, as if he were a religious enthusiast speaking of some sacred mystery. The portraits sur rounded by ropes are those of martyrs who died on the gibbet; tho others are those of heroes who have perished in prison, or are still expiating iu dungeons and chains their loss of liberty and countr}'. I know some of them personally. I know their stories—all <ire deeply pathetic, same tragic. If you would like to learn who they wore and why Uioy suffered, I am always at your dis posal." "Not now, thank you, Mr. Kalouga," said Dora, turning pale, for she felt as she remembered once to have felt, when sho glanced for a moment into Madame Tussaud's Chamber of Horrors. " I expect uiy cousins evory moment. But I will be glad if you will some time tell me about this girl. She has an interesting face. But surely (in 1 alarm) they did not hang this girl ?" I "No, hor name was Maria Saboutina, and eho died in prison. Ye31 will gladly tell you hetstory, Miss Tlyvlngton. It will show y°U what our Russian girls are capable of." At this point the conversation was inter rupted by the arrival of Robert, who an nounced that something had go:ie wrong with one of the engine?, and that as Handle was staying to see it put to rights, he wanted his breakfast* to t>£ Sent down to the counting ftofts'fi. After breakfast he would bo in the laboratoty, where ho should be glad to meet' Mr. Kalouga, who would perhaps, if he wore not otherwise engaged, liko to walk down with Robert when lie returned to the factory. To this proposal the Russian gladly as sented, and aftor broalcfaat he and Robert went olf together. " Am I right in supposing," said Kalouga, in answer to a remark of Bob's about Dorag " that your cousin lives with you—that thi is her home 1" "No. What gave youth.it impression? Her home is at Deepdene Park, it few miles from here, oil thtt ritiier side of the town." u I thought so because your brother said that she and your mother were coming home." " Well, Dora often calls this her second homo. She was born hero, and sho always Siys that she likes Redscar better than Deepdene." " She is fianccc, of course?" " Fiancccl Ah, I understand. Engaged you mean? No she is not engaged. Mr flight ha3 not exiWc yet.1' Mr. Right! That is pretendant, I suppose —a suitor, do you not call it in English'!" " Oh, no," laughed Bob. " Mr. Right is tho right man—the man she falls in love with you know. If sho fell in loye with you, for instance you would be Mr. Right. But Dora has to ma^ry n titled ftv\rell—-somebody who can Vnalvc her at least a " lady," or she will lose her fortune." Indeed, how is that?" asked Kalougi, care lessly, " I don't mean that Dora will have nothing," Bob said, aftwr e*pliiiiirig the purport of his iltVdlo's will. " She will have soitt'ething nice in any case. Ilei sharo of her mother's fortune is £10,000, and she will have a nice sum in accumulated interest to draw when she comes of ago. Then she has half tho income from the estato aud unless her brother finds a titled wifo vei'y quickly, that will soon swell up to a considerable sum." " Your uncle must have beon very anxious to ally liis family with the aristocracy to make such a testament as that." "Wasn't ho, just! He repented of it, though—too late, unfortunately. I daresay the " Deep Un"—that's my cousin Randle— is looking out for an earl's daughter already, if the truth were known. But Dora protests that she will not havo a sprig of nobility at any price; that who will mati-y neither for rank nor money. And t believe alio will be as good a' hoi: word. She knows her own mind, Dora does." 11 You think, then, that if even a titled Mr. llight were to come, ho would have no chance V " If he had a title, I don't think ho would be Mr. Right at all; he would bo Mr. Wrong. Dora would have nothing to do with him. She says no lord will ever want to marry her except for her money, and she declines to sell herself either for twelve thousand or any conceivable number of pounds a year." " And she is quite right" exclaimed Kalouga, warmly. "I admire her spirit. And then more quietly he said : " But if young ladies in solhe other coun tries—in France and Russia, for instance— were equally independent, thero would be very few marriages I am afraid. A French bourgeois would no more think of marrying a bride without a dower than of lending money without interest; and I havo seen often in France matrimonial papers advertisements from girls, or from their parents, offering themselves and their fortunes in exchange for a title." " It is not so here, though. Bnt I am not quite sure. There's old Hicks, the banker ; he has married two or three of his daughters to peers or peers' sons, and, by Jove, they say he has regularly bought them. I do believe if Dora were to advertise she might havo her pick out of a bakor's dozen." The conversation continued until they reached the factory, Ivolouga now and again putting in a word, but Bob doing the most of the talking. " Confound it, the latter mentally ex claimed as they parted noar the laboratory, " what a fool I am ! Here I have been tel ling a fellow I have hardly known two days all about our family affairs. It is truo what my father used to say I shall never learn to put a bridle on my tongue." This was in allusion to a habit Bob had of being too communicative concerning the affairs of the family or the firm, and allowing himself to be ' pumped.1 This facility of disposition had drawn- upon him several reproofs from his father and mother, and been the subject of remonstrance, from Randle. But as in the present instance, ho rarely bethought him of his failing until after ho had committed an indiscretion. In the afternoon Kalouga walked into Whitebrook, as he said, to mako a few purchases for the replenishment of his wardrobe. Handle offered him a horse but he preferred to go 011 foot. Before setting out ho wrote a letter to a friend at St. Petersburg, and at one of the shops at which he callcd he asked to bo directed to tho best photographer in the town. Whon he returnod to Redscar House, whither he arrived beforo tho brothers came up from the factory, ho entered the drawing room and found there a gentleman whom at first sight he mistook for his host. Dora introduced him as hor brother, Mr. Ryvington. " Shall I say Mr. Kalouga or Dr Kalouga ?" she asked. "You know you told us last night you were an M. D." " Whichever you like," answered tho Rnssian. " I am a very idlo physician at resent, and hardly worthy of so honourable a designation." " I think you had bettor say " Doctor," Dora," Deep Randle said witli a smile. " When a man has a title, particularly when it has boon earned by study and research, the least one can do i3 to address him by it. My sister has been telling mo something of your history, Dr. Kalouga. I know things wore bad in Russia, but I had 110 idea that thoy were in such a terrible state. It is a country I never liked, and now 1 shall liko it less than over. 'Pon my word, I think I would rather live in Dahomey or Timbuetoo." " It is not tho country that is in fault, it is the government," said Kalouga, gravely ; and an acute observer might have detected in his manner a slight touch of irritation. " Exactly ; that is what I mean. I never thought of blaming tho people. As you say, it is only tho government, that is to blame," replied Mr. Ryvington, reminded by Ivalouga's remark that indiscriminate con demnation of Russia in the presence of a Russian was hardly the best of taste. "By the-bye, Dr. Kalouga, if you are staying here any timo I hope you will honour us with a visit at Deepdeno. We shall be delighted to see you, I am sure." " Thank you very much, but I doubt if I shall have time. I cannot stay more than a few days longer, I a:n afraid.1' " Como now, Kalouga, that won't doatall. We shall noi let you go yet, and to that you must make up your mind." " Why you have only just come." inter vened Red Randle, who had just entered the room. " You are really very kind ; but I feel that I am taking up too much of your time, and your time is so very valuable." " It is quito the other way about, I awure you. Your lessons in electricity are worth moro to mo than a great deal of time ; and unless you feel that you really must go, that your engagements will not permit you to pro long your visit, I shall take it as a great favour if you will stay a little longer and help me with my experiments. '' As you put it in that way," said Kalouga frankly, " and you are good enough to think that I can be of some little use to you, I will stay a little longer, Mr. Randle." " In that case, Dr. Kalouga, you will pay us a visit at Deepdene, and stay a few days," put in Deep Randle. "1 daro say we shall bo able to amuse you. If you care for sport we can find you both", hunting aud shooting. Wo shall havo our first meet in a few days, and tho partridges aro not; Jailed yet by a long way. Kalouga seemed to hesitate, but just as lie was about tn speak and possibly to refuse, he happened to cast, a fleeting glance at Dora, unpercoived by anyone save herself. Porhaps he read in.her face a confirmation of her brother's invitation. At any rate he answered in the affirmative, and it was settled that before leaving the neighbour hood ho should spend a few days at Deep dene. It ivas a common subject of remark at Whitebrook about this time how greatly young Mr. Ryvingfcon had improved since his father's death. That event" and his in creased responsibilities were considered to have at once " softened" and "settled" him. He went about more. He tried to mako him self useful. He had even presided at a Sun day school tea party, dnd made a highly ap propriate dp'etich in which lie introduced an exceedingly ajit quotation from oho of Dr. Watt's hymns. His "name was eeon in every local subscription list; his ancient haughti ness was replaced by a promiscuous affability, and out of his own house he was never seen ill a bad temper. He made it a point to keep on good terms with his kinsfolks at lledsear, and ho treated Mra. Ily vington with 30 much deference that she thought her nephew's heart was "touched at last," and the good lady waft disposed to see in tho circumstance a proViddiilitU leading. Even Randle and Robert were constrained to admit that their cousin was improving. They were, neverthe less. all somewhat surprised at the warmth and spontanenusnfcss of the invitation-which he had extended to Kalouga. They thought it did him credit, and Mrs. By vington regarded it aaanother proof that her nephew was under going some mysterious process of moral re generation. Perhaps if she had heard a re mark he made a few days subsequently to his friend and mentor, Mr. Thomas Cliviger, she might have been of a rather different opinioHi " I have invited that liussian doctor to the park," he said. "He is good- looking sort of chap, clever and that, and has a romantic history behind him. ' Just the sort of fellow girls take an interest in. Who knows 1 Perhaps Dora may fall in love with him. I wish alio would, for until she is married to a commoner, and I take to wife a "lady," I shall never feol that Deepdene is really my own.'' (To be coiitin ued.) 