MR. COPELAND'S MINUTE. pa tun uniTon op tub DAILY TKLK0RAP1I. Sir, — I .have noticed of late years a tendency to iiupule all sorts of evil things to tenants of thu Grown, otherwise squatters. Wo are mado subjects of inquiry by Boards. Every arbitrary act of individual tenauls is put down against tlie whole class, aud argued on as ii an ordinary ease. We uro represented as tyrants of tho working man and oppressors of thu roU'elors, as a plutocracy who have by some moans evaded paylug a fair rent," and have iu consu- quenco amassed enormous fortunes. No ex amination of these suppositious has beeu undertaken by any writers. No one has endeavoured to vindicate tho tenants from these various aspersions. Each tenant seams content to labor under tho im putation of being iuiuilcal to tho general iuiorests of the people. Probably it is bouauao a democratic community like ours takes numl! interest in tmch impiiriofl. It looks at apparent prosperity, hoars the old cry of " squatter " aud refuses to examine tlie cose. If auy tenant present:) his views ire is "pooh-poohed" as thoroughly interested, until tho feeling amongst tenants is now that it i.i better to any nothing, to "grin and bear it" rather thau to risk bringing frobh uvils ou themselves by the inor dinate suspicion with which their views aro received. Tne uowspaporJ, foariug to seam interested, uluioit apologise wheu thoy huvo occasion to dopivcate some action iikoly to soriousiy injure tenants. The case of the malice tenant in Victoria is an illustration in point. Their representations of the injury thoy were suffering iroiu rabbity heavy rents aud waul ot security lor improve ments were received with incredulity by the Victorian people, who wero not convinced of tlie truth of these representations until thov saw the runs abandoned and thuteuunts ruined. Now, long leases arc given and various conces sions granted to recover the maUee l rout it s du- aeriod condition. Meanwhile Victoria has lost tho profit that might have accrued from thasu lands being occupied. It. was aDo a trifio rough on tho tenuuts, who hud to be rniucd to teach the Victoriaus a branch of political uuoumny. Many tenants in New South Waloa stauu on the verge of destruction from tbo ignorance that obtains of their present imsitloo, rroui tho dauger of being iaboLud wealthy and auto cratic und being ruined by the imposition of burdens beyond the power of thuir runs to sus tain through thorn (the tenant). Naturally, thoy object to furnishing another pi-cticol lesson like their brethren in Victoria, but no one has vet come forward todweuss tho subject calmly uud 'moderately, and to nam the people ugaiuKt being deceived h< the prevalout notions that squatters are all wealth v, and thnt increases of rent haviug been obtained wilhout apparent injury, a perpetual increase can be obtained, t would ask the people to remember that nltliough squalturs, tvu aiu also teuaulH, and that il is qiuto within the range of possibility thnt wo may bevackreutcd ; und to renumber they am the lundlords and posHihlo ruckreuterH. We cnu- not temper injustice v/ita buckshot m lu Ire land, for our oppressors are too many and would iucludo too wauy persouul friends. Bo- Btdes, Lhope we cau convince them by reason that we have n case, that we arc uot all bad fellows, aud that the pastoral industry is really au important one uud rcgulatca to an oxteut tho prosperity 01 tne hum we nvo m ; an industry that, if not in need of fosteriuj, should not bu dangorously bufiettcd. Yet it is au industry that of " lute years lias received unwise treutmeiit. For houui years wcakout-d by the uncertainty 01 the lioul lawa uutil tho passage 01 the present liiiud Bill, tl.-cn thrown off its balance by rite want of compensation in some >vuy for improvement?!, it b corns probable by a minute of the" Minister for Lands it will ; receive a final crusher from rack routing. Tho uncorlaiuty is shown by thu fact that oun cau count on one huud the nurnbjr of tuatious bought and Hold in the last four or fivo yearn. The mistake iu not granting cuuipimsuliou for improvrniciita ia shown bv the fairly uuaui- inotts tCBtimony of uuprejmliced travellers that improvements are virtually discontiuucd ou leaseholds. Whether this di.sconiiuuaucj is altogether due to the laud law, to a general law, to the full in the price of wool and thcup aud the consequent poverty of tho tcuunt, or to the "natural cuHsmiucBs" of the cIiisb ia of course a moulquesLiou. But to mo it seems almost an axiom drawn from experience that ten ants will only improve their leaseholds (whother tho Smtu is landlord or pri' ato persons), vlthor by tbe principle of comijeusatiou for Improve ments, the cousiderablo length of their lease, or by compulsory clauses ou the commence ment of their touaucy, whon, 01 course, the aniuun,t of compulsion determines tee rent. With short leases uud 110 compensation it ia in evitable that tbo tcnaut will not improve but will make all he can and leave. The land lord may ascribe' this conduct to "original aiu" but impartial judgee will bco it is but natural To coiue to tho rackiuuling : This is uiiown by the iucreaue iu icut obtained from ruus during tho last six years, an increase unparal leled iu auy tenancies iu any part of the world. Au additional iucroare 011 nnythiug like tho lines the Minister propose will be' Lcyornl .be lief. As au illustration : in 187'J some back country blocks wore bought by a friend of mine at a rental of £10 to £20 per block of (5-1,000 acre?. In ld?2 anyone cuuld obtain those blocks from tho Govern ment for £10. The rent was raided in lti£2 or 1H8.4 to £100 pur block, being in four yours an increase of from five hundred to a thousand per cent. Tho minimum rent fixed by thu prcient law in the district w uue >ouny per ucro ; so thnt the rent has boeu raised from £10 and £20 to £2uG 18. 4d., being au'incrouae of from two to three thousand per cent, in six voaro. 1 res))ectfully Hubuiit that such rackreiiting i uuktiown oven iu Ireland. Besides, this is onlv a Holitary and bv no ineana an uxtreme cane. The tonnuta who have uot improvoii can return the runs to the iffaU, tliusewtio havo hvid out their capital must hold on as long an they cau. Tlus effect, then, of thin extraordinary increase iu rout is to ntriko hardciit the most doncrviug of thu clans, a result surely to he deplored. The Minister for Lands thu other day isatied u minuto that ho considered " the cuctoui of placing tho mtmtuum rental ou the mujorltv of selectors' conditiou.il leases to bo a niiMiake, and that in futnre he required u appraiiiera to jri'-'e their reasons \>hon (hey fixed thu tnLdnuiiu." 1 do not believe the Minister meant thin ur a threat, but I would point oul the effect is the same. Naturally tho appraiser, whoso living depends to an extent ou the Muiirttcr wiL chime iu with his viir.vs, and to save himself trouble and frern danger will be careful not to udvioo the ininiuiniu. Of course there lire mauv indcpundimt uuiu who will not be so induonceJ, still, tho uunuto of advice from tho klinister will sooiii llko inotructiuuri from thu Laud Office ami bo read us suuii, no uuittor what the MiiiL- tur UeMrni. The immediate rosuff is that im partial judgwuui ia lost, tho routs are virtually fixed at thu direction of tliu Miaif>re;'. aud tlio future of tho sa.cciiilg and p.iff'oial in duatry iuiperlltal from a loo ounscUm- tiomi hut mistukcu Ministor not leaving the application of thu law a pasmd by PatJiuuioat to impartial judge ap pointed by himself. A second minute, which 1 liavo partiiilly anticipated above, shown that fid. pur uaro on kiased laud in but 2£ («r coat, ou 20.1. pur aorc uouiinal value. Many te&uhU; having paid 2us. for purtiuim of their leasehold, that sum can possibly bu borrowed oa thu par- duaod laud at 6 pur cent. ; lie, therefore, sees 110 ru:. ;oji why tuaauLs nlmuld uot jxiy 2 pur cent, to Urn bvilu 011 their ieu»uUolde. hb hue apimrently forgottun thu unearned iucreuiout on thu purchased land, which would prehably uquaUxu tho two ror contaguw, and tha; all pur chased laud la' picked land, picked both from Us intrinsic valuo uud its extrinsic value of posi tion protecting loaned lamhi. I am not here called on to doiond tho morality of peacocking, beyond muting that thu law permitted aud suue- tia'iied it, and but that I do uot wish to disturb bygones, 1 would say compelled it. X would, therefore, point out that in many instances thu good laud is »old and the other held formrategiu purpose. Did the Miuister desire to punish u peacockcrn" (if thoy desorvu punishment), I conld say nothing, bat "as bad cases make bad law, I would suhinit that he should not so wield thu powor his position givw) him that tho offuct is to punish tho innocunt with thu guilty, that he should not damage the pastoral industry 011 account of the nets of a few. Lease hold gives no unearned iuurcinent to tliu leijant, uud, tboroforo, in reasoning cannot bu compared with purchased land. It Ih not logical to say that because land purchased at 2ub. boara in terest at Is. per acre, thuroforc leaseholds should bo able to boar rout at Od. per acre. Purchased ltuid give unearned increment, security for capital, for labor, and for improvements ; aud I should judgo is at least as well worth paying le. por acre pur annum for au Ikl. for leasehold, which riv uonn of these eccuritiea. To take another viuw of the question : I think no atatious. in this district ut auy rate, have carried more lliuu u uheep to ovcry three acres for tho last six yearn Incidentally I may , Hay I havo only hud a nheop to six acres. Sta tion clips average from 6 to 71b. of wool per sheep. O11 Mr. P. N. Trobeck'a authority thu average of the colony ia 61b, At ruling prices producers gross 2s. to Us. per head, net ting probably Is. Ud. to 2s. Ud. por head1 when shearing, carriage, freight uud commission aro deducted. I do not aco in either of thuao figures whore room ia to come in for la. Od. por head rent. X shall bu asked how it U uiou rear fllmop profitably on purchitied laud ou whioh they pay Ih. uu aero iulereat if my ' figures are correct. It is because thoy, by making uuwo- rous tanks uud dnm», by funciug into umall paddocks und ringburkisg, can force tho carry ing capacity of their laud to two sheep to every throe acres. Besides again I say there is tho unearned Incre ment whicu q tenant does not receive. No business subject to increases of runt at tho direction of the Minister suub us X have shown cuu long be curded ou profitably. We abso lutely uiuinuvor toll how wu Htuna. It is surely enough that suleotlug nud pustoral pursuits are Uaoio to droughts, to falls in value, without receiving iu addition such serious blows from those who should be its friends. We can dis- count droughts and rudnco their offocta by storago of water: wo submit to the fulls in value us a mutter beyond our ken aud control, but it inducuH bitterue that wo should bo usriuted to our ruin by our own people, that our roasouablo burincs calculation iiliould be so uu.ml by thorn because Ignorant of tho facts auu because it scums likulv they will wait to be convinced of their error by tho absmdou- mcut of run und the ruin ot tcuuuts, as was tho caw iu Victoria. 1 see uo remedy but a combination butwecn tcuuuts of the Crown, conditional and homo- stead lessee to est ubliwli some equitable rnodo of duuliug with rent, to ubolLh tlio nystein under which wo aro all at tliu mercv ot tliu opinions of the ruling Minister, or ihu wiiiin, ability or experience of tuo appraisers appointed by him. At lo.iBt conditional and homestead lessee must combine and permit flquatlors to join thnuu Victoriau squattor have combined £ believe, but uover those of New South Wales. I have often tried with others to piuiuoto combination, for instance to form un associa tion like tho Proc Tnuiu Ashouiation, with a secretary like Mr. Pulsfonl, whoso business would bu to reply to libels on us ns a body, to mistaken of abverae writers and speakers, and to show the people iu the newspaper when » mistaken principle was being adopted. Rut uo! the majority oi' squatter bury thumualve on their stations, they are ignorant of tho sigus of tbe time, ana they ilaltui themsolves thoy aro uioro practical thau the promoter of such nn association. At meeting some resuscitated ghost nays, " I never saw any good como of Bquutter trying to couibino, 1'il oul; bu paving money and gutting no good,11 and many follow him liko tho sheep tliuy tuiul. So umcli apathy do they din play, so little public spirit do they posses, thai wore I not uufortuiiulely 0110 of them, 1 should say, on hearing of some such inLfortuuu a L have indicated happening, »« serve 'eui right." But 3oloctor have. many interest in common wiLh touanU of tlie Grown aud houiestcud luiseas, aud a long as fencing is a principle, thoru will uoYur agalu bu a quarrel between tho clnssos; au nlliuuco betweeu us hai now bccoino uecusHury. Let us oombinu to have thu rents fixed ou a common huuuo basis ; Ictus promote opiuiou on the question of compensation for improvements ; let us combine lot extended local government. — Yours, ifcu., Caunoubur, April 2-1. W. ALISON 