Miscellaneous. A report from Halifax states that the I Nova Scotia mines yielded .£100,000 worth of gold during the past year. At the date *f the Tenth Census, the number of Germans in the United States was set down at 1,966,731 ; Irish and English, 3,722,169 ; South Americans, 4,566, Canadians and those of other British American nationalities, 717,157^ But the Irish element in the United States including all persons of Irish birth or descent—must be at least 20,000,000 A rhyming signal service officer has for mulated the flag code for weather predictions in the following easily memorized lines : A sun of red is w'ather warm, A su« of blue is general storm, A crescent red is weather cold, ' A descent blue is fair foretold, A star of red no change implies, A blue star local stormy skies, A square of black on flag of white, A cold wave comes in all its might. The Maharaja Dhuleep Singh, some while since, issued a manifesto to 'the Sikhs stating that, against his own will and " by the deoree of Sut gooroo who governs all destiny," he is compelled to quit Englandlto " oecupv a humble sphere in India.' He is sorry adds, that he should have forsaken the faith of his ancestors, but he was a little boy when he did so. On reaching Bombay he intends " to worship again in the pure and beautiful tenets of Baba Nanuk," but will at the same time be a re formed Sikh, sternly setting his face against wretched caste observances and nbstinenee from meats and drinks " which Suttgooroo has ordained should be reclercd with thankfulness by all man kind." There's a missionary wanted here 1 Where's Gribble ? A Liveipool detective, who has fre quently distinguished himself by ctever. captures, was the means of stoppine the departure of two juveniles for the far West a few weeks ago. It ap pears that these two lads had left their homes in Hull, and a telegram was received from their parents by the Liverpool police authorities with instructions to watch the outgoing American steamers. This was effectually done, as Mr. Thornthwalte succeeded in discovering the Juveniles after they had booked second class for America. On being searched they were found aimed with revolver, bowie-knives, &c.;, and they stated that it was their intention to proceed to the far West in search of adventure. The sum of £30 was found in their possession. The lads were brought on shore, and subsequently sent to Hull in charge of their relatives. The following characteristic letter is from the world-renowned Mr. T. P. Barnum to a friend in Londbn " I consider London the noblest of cities, and England the best country in the world, except the United States. If my present seventy five and a-half years don't turn my rugged and robust state of to-day into weakness or death, I expect to be in London this year or next with the ' greatest show on earth.' Meanwhile I send ^e bearer, Mr. Charles \yhjte, AMoei 'WidflW Jumbo,' to please my patrons As we have had good luok in breeding elephants, having three baby •lephants of Amerioan birth now on hand, besides a couple of young Jumbos on the stooks, due in four and seven months, I hope for the same good fortune with ' Widow Alice.' My agent will enter Alice at yonr offioe ' for breeding purposes,' with the usual affidavits, the same as I did with Jumbo. The next thing I want from England is one of her Majesty's thrones, or else ex-King Theebaw. Either Wo^ld prove a great success." At the Glasgow Police Court, two re spectable-looking lads, aged 18 and 14 respectively, recently pleaded guilty to a charge of theft. When one of tnem was searched at the police-office, a couple of "penny dreadfuls " were found in his pos session, besides two pieces of essay paper, on which were written, in a neat hand, a certificate that both lads were joint captains »f a band called "Goggle Heroes : the Terror of the West End," the members of which swore to obey their captains, fight for the band when called upon, and attend to all the rules. Those rules, copies of which were also written out at the foot of the certificates, were "that you fight for your comrades to the death ; that you knock off as many men's hats as possible ; that you swing at the - rope's end if you disobey." The members *lsfi bound themselves to pay a peflny per week to the treasurer of the money to go for a •• blow off every month." The magistrate, when sentencing one of them, said the lash was the anly thing that would cure such conduct, and ordered him to receive 20 stripes wit,h a rod, or if unable tp undergo that punishment, 14 days imprisonment. The other was discharged. There is a schooner just now lying in an Amerioan harbour, where it put into for repairs, which, according to the aocount given in the New York Times, cannot find a crew to man it on ao count of a ghost which is repotted to haunt it. During a recent trip, runs the story, the oaptainof the vessel was accidentally killed, and on reaching the harbour the crew were discharged with the ex ception of the mate, the cook, and the oabin boy, who remained on board the vessol. Very shortly, however, the mate showed symptoms of nervous depression, and communicated to another man the cause of hia condition, namely the tricks nightly played by the captain's ghost. He was kept awake, he alleged, by tfto most outrageous performances imaginable ; he distinctly l\eard the defunct cap tain's voice giving orders ; and the oatyn boy cor roborated this statement. Summoning up thoir courage thp two went on deck, accompanied hy the cook, on hparing a fearful thump, and there they found evidences of a ghost's pranks in the disi turbed condition of things. A second night's ex perience fairly dismayed the three, who abandoned \ the schooner ; and so great Is the impressten caused by the story they have related of the nocturnal rambles of the captain's ghost, that not even the offer of very liberal pay can induce seamen to go on board this haunted craft. At the recent annual dinner of the Lon don Foreman Tailors' Mutual Institution a little incident oocurred which shows which way the wind blows* There was a very numerous company, and the dinner was carricd through in the utmost good fellowship until the toast of the Queen had been proposed by the chairman. In honour o( this as they drank it the whole company stood with the ezoeption of two gentlemen. This action on their part gave the greatest offence to tho majority, who loudly called upon them to stand up—a request to whioh both malcontents consistently refused to accede, although it was emphasised by quite a small shower of oranges, nuts, and other articles of des sert upon their persons. A portion of this scene was enaoted during the singing of the National Anthem, and at its close tho chairman suggested that the best course for the two gentlemen men tioned to adopt would be to withdraw from an assembly of loyal Englishmen. Amid the greatest excitement this view of the matter was put into force by the simple expedient of seizing the ob noxious persons and thrusting them out of the room, into whioh neither was allow to return. The ejeotion was not accomplished without some diffi culty, as one of the victims made an attempt at resistance with an empty wine bottle, whioh, how ever, was promptly snatched from him before he could do misohief with it, supposing he intended any. The excitement attending this little soene subsided directly the offenders were safely pushed outside, and the toast list was proceeded with in a quiet manner. 