The ^tapper's Adventure. THEY were waiting "for a train at a wayback station up in Humboldt Cpontv. and the conversation turned, to spiritualism. A weather beaten trappier, who had come in with a lot of skins to ship, .said.: . , x * Wall, fur my part, I never did go much on sperrit-rappin's, ghosts,>!and them kind er things, but I tell'yew, boys, I had a powerful scare wunBt.' ' How was that ¥ asked a ? solemn man, with long hair who was evidently a travelling medium. ' Wall, yer see, it was one night about a year ago. I was a-layin* in my cabin up on the little B'ar River. I woke up long er midnight and got to thinkin' about my partner, Grizzly Smith, as died in that very cabin er lung fever four years ago, that very night. Putty soon- J felt'1 sotnethin' tech the blankets kinder soft like.9 * JJats,' suggested the switch tender. ' No, ther ain't no rats in diem parts. Putty soon I felt suthin1 like a; hand a squeezin' my leg. It felt kinder scared fur I know'd ther deer dogs wus out side, and [ was plumb sartin' thar wasn't anuther human bein' in forty miles o' thar. I was - sleepin' in Grizzly's blankit's, too, so I sez, ' Is that yon, Smith ?" 'And there was two raps,' said the long-haired man. ' No, thar warn't no raps, but a sorter buzzin' rattlin' sound, likeadyin' man's last gasp^-'zactly the way Smithie let go. Then I felt suthim' clammy tech my check.' 1 Case. of materialisation,' said the long-haired party. * Kats,' said the switch-tender again. ' I tole yer thar warn't no rats up thar,'growled the trapper. 'I 'low I was badly scared then, an' ther cold sweat a-droppin' offen ma ' Does yer want to keermoonicate suthin', Grizzly V sez I. Then ther buzzin begun agin' Arter that suthin' teched my other hand.' ' Hats,' wedged in the switchman. ' You'll have ter heel yerself if yer say that agin, lantern-jerker,' said the hunter, ominously. * Wail, gents, it got so I couldn't stan' it no longer. 1 jest jerked them blankits offen me, jumped up, and struck a light.' ' And what did you see ? ' Why nuthin', gents, but-a big rattle snake. Nuthin, but a plain ord'nary rattler. An' me most skeered to death by ther durn thing's monkeyings, too. Wall, you bet I just rolled over and laughed till I thought I'djburst.' ' And the snake V aske^ the crowd. ' The. snake ?' said the trapper, simply. " Wall, I disreniember what -I guess I stepped on jit's head, or suthin'. No, gents, I dpn't take no stock in sperrits. Here's^ther train.' DERRICK DODD in the Wasp.. COWXIAL BEER AND LONGEVITY.-While there may be exceptions to tbe general rale tbat a too liberal imbibation of malt liquors superinduces kidney troubles-in tbe fact of tbe ripe old age to wbicb some heavy drinkers .of the beverage live-they are few and rare, while those are legion whose lives have bieen prolonged by the nse of that admirable Btimulant and adjuvant, WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS. Be sure yon obtain Wolfe's Schnapps. HOLLOWAT'S PILLS.-Good Spirits. Every one has fieqaently. experienced sad den personal changes from gaiefcy to gloom. The wind and weather oftentirae receive the blame when a faulty digestion is alone the cause of the depression. : Hollo way's Pills can be honestly recommended for harmon iously attuning circulation and respiration, disturbance of the balance of which produces a sense of fulness and oppression after eating, i They clean the "furred tongue, and whole- j -somely stimulate the liver and act as a! gentle aperient to the bbwels.' They j healthfully rouse both body. and mind. Holioway.B Pills are the best known anti dotes for want of appetite, nausea, flatulency heartburn langour, depression, and that apattay so characteristic of chronic .derange ment of digestion. The Russian Liberal organ Novosli pub lishes a sensational account of the disloca tion of German troops on the Russian front ier. Within the last two years says the Nososti the garrisons of East Prussia have been increasedby twenty-one battalions and ten squadrons of cavalry. In the beginning of the new year two regiments of infantry will be transferred thither from the Baltic coast. These troops will be echeloned along the Russian frontier at points of strategic importance, where accommodation is being prepared for them. The following measures are being- taken in.^riew «f getting the different army corps ready for active service:-The. cavalry of the first corps will be strengthened at the cost of that quartered in the interior, of the country. Each' cavalry brigade 01 those consists of three regiments. A special division of cavalry will be added to the 1st Array Corps.. The vanguard of the German, army destined eventually to operate against Russia will thus be prepared to cross the frontier immediately after the declaration of war. New forts Mid case ment works are in course of construction at Thorn, Posen, and Konigsburg, and will be provided with the new, artillery. The centre of tbe Prussian railway system is Berlin, whence eleven different lines are accessible. Six lines might be bsed for concentrating troops at Posen, and .the attention of the Government is at present directed towards increasing thp means of army transport by rail toBreslau. Miss Birdie McGinnisaod Hiss Esmeralda Longcoffin were disoassing m ball «t which both had been present "Oh, 1 had such a compliment paid me byGuaDe Smith, " aaid Miss Birdie, giggling hysterically. " Yes; what did be say ?" asked Esmeralda. "I had on my new bands; and just a little face powder. a-n-d my neweQk dress fitted just as if I was poured into it, a-n-d ma said die never saw me look BO well, a-n-d " " What did Gus De Smith say ?" asked Esmeralda, impatiently, " tie whispered to me-" Miss Birdie, you axe fixed np so pretty to-night that I hardly recognised you." " Kiss the baby while yon can," admon ishes a poet. We can kispherjnst as well fifteen or twenty yeans from now-if ahe'e that kind of a baby. Too much beer may cause you ail, and too much ale--now don't think it queer- -may after a while prove the porter who brings you at last to your bier. 