PORTLAND SWIMMIGN MATCHES. The first matches under the auspices of the recently formed Portland Swimming Club were held, as advertised in our columns, on Wednesday afternoon. In the morning some doubt was felt as to whether the weather would be suitable for holding the matches, as at that time a strong northerly wind was blowing,. I and there was every probability that it would back round to the west and bring rain with it, but as the day wore on towards noon the wind fell away to al- most a flat clam, the sun came out strong, and on the whole a better day fur aquatic exercises 'could hardly haver been chosen. There was very little water inside the baths enclosure, and it was decided that all the competitions should take place outside the baths. Mr. W. Dusting put down nets f,-rm the enid of the old jetty and enelosed the necessary space for tits longe't race, to prevent any sharks tliht might have been straying around from gratifying their propensities for humanr limbs, and oil-dru'ms were mored as marks for-the different events, one bemng a distance of 220 yards from the end of the baths, round which and back again was the course for the -mile race. Before 2 o'clock, the time fixed for the first event on the programme to come' off, the public commenced to arrive in good numbers, and by 4 o'clock the baths had the standing room at the end fully utilised, while the cliffs opposite were lined with spectators, the fair sex appearing to be in the majority at the latter points of vantage. SMr, W. T. Pile officiated as judge, and his duties, between judging the different contests, hurrying up the events, and arranging impromptu dingy races, of which more mention will be presently minde, his task was none of the lightest; but he discharged it with unfailing, cheerfulness, and to the satisfaction of everybody. Messrs. Charles and Snod grass acted as reftrees, and what they were called upon to do they did in a manner calculated to meet the approval of 'not. only: the spectators, but the contestants, who being most interested 'were natuiilly hardest to please. MIr. T. 'Bennett,. as starter, was as good as ever, Messrs. J. R.. Woods and S. McGonigal worked hard, and may be congratulated on the success of the first matches held by their club. Mr. W. Tullob, jun., must not be forgotten, as I he worked as hard as anybody, and in laying down buoys, &c.;, in which he assisted, his knowledge of marine matters proved of valuable service to the club, and helped the competitions toa successful issue. Other gentlemen also gave good assistance, 3Mr. Pearson of the boatharbor works, having his passenger boat in attendance to convey the starter and members of the com mittee to the difereiut starting points. Mr. J. H. Ro, also acting as timekeeper. Mr. W, T. Pile, in the intervals between I some of the races. (which were not hur. t ried upso well as they m;ght have been but thin being the first matches it could not reasonably be expected that every. thing would be as perfect as if the management had had previous experience to guide them), arranged two dingy races amongst the fishermen who were watching the swimming from the old jetty, and these breaks in the fixed programme proved as exciting as any competition during the afternoon. \-- Anothermatter the club will no doubt benefit in by yesterday's experience is the matter of handicaps. In the handi cap races the scratch men were too heavily handicapped to stand the ghost of a show of winning, and this to some extent marred what otherwise would have proved exciting contests. The following are the details of the day's events: Boys' RacE, nires 12. Thereawere- three entries, viz., H. Spence, {J. M?die, and F. Messer. Spenee wentaway from the start and increased his lead all the way, finally winning by about 15 yards. Moodie awam the whole distance, but Men aer was taken with cramp when he had got over about half the distance, and was promptly hauled into the committee's boat, which followed the races to act as picker-up. H. Spooca ... 1 Moodie .. ... ... ... 2 Dlviso eNo Garecrs. The objects nsed were china eggs, punched, and tilled with water, and thrown into the sea. Six were thrown in, and each competi tor lad three trie?. II. Spence openes the ball, ad, diving, resppeared with two eggs, for wh eh feat the little fellow was greeted with asuch applause; S. Jones brought up three:; V Mo die secured two. In the next essay HI. Spence again obtained two; Moodie was cheered on approaching with four; but the applause hardly knew bounds when Jones displayed five eggs, is hunting for which he remaiued under the water for fully f5seo. Moodie then went the third time, and he also fished up 5; H. Spence on his third " attempt found four, and wesheartil, cheered; Jones went down a third time and only found ionr. Moalie then went a fourth timeo l ai ain brught up See. It wan rather ditficult to arrive at a decision in this. cease, bat Mr. Pile finally decided in favoar of Jones, as having brought up the greatest number in the first three attemptss. S. Junee ... .. 1 W. loerdie .. ... ... 2 H. Spence... ... ... ... 3 PoRnnLAsD SwIsIuso CLUs HANDICAP. B. Speuce (100 slIee) ..... 1 I . Spene (150 see) .. 2... S. Archer (srl ah ... .. 3 S Jones (50 aec.) ... ... O W. Moode (75 see.) .. ... O }s. Sence piromptly took a header in when the starter gave the signal, oand by the time his brother started had madoe a spaceof abnut 45 yards betreeo himase'f and the starting Post; B Spence made nearly the same dis I tancc before Moodi got anwasy. and by the time Archer, tre scratch man, reciaed the word to start, H. Spence had covered fully half the distance between tile harth, and the 220 yards mark, wStile his bIrother tnsil was almost abreast of him. Beforo the halfs-way mark waeschetd it. SpecoE haId forC.ed ahead, and roulndedt y he o .twenty ieco-da beflore Sth-llittle chap. ahowsia, hroIvrr,nsti;i k-eeP(ing ap bravely. Arcser all this tiune own Iesse lug the distance viich iod aosted -lwhen he started betiReea irnself ant the oth ro, andl wos efa?t overhauindIg lo eu. M1o -lie round?ed the mark 60 ncconds after B. Speose, Jones crme ro,,ud 12 coond1 liater, Archer r ru1. , in. 95 seconds aifter thse leadig ma,, haviu?n thus gaind onay rine scoi,ds co h. r pencs in uall the distance. Soon alt,-r 'ourdmug the murk Mno,die became eaharnitd arid was plac-,rI in the ticv.u;, trott. I. Spre re aza never approached, eand came ill:an ne S5 win nor 40 seconds ahead of ii. Spenae, who Ssawsm gamely, and wselldeserved th appanuse, (wht:h greeted both him andt his brither as they passed the judge. For " . place Archer pssed Jones by about 1o?yards Ia before the winning post was reached, bu t through not striking a direot curse Jones ,saught him up, esa he just managed to pass the judge an arms length before Jones, HANDICA IoYS' RACE . H. Alleodtr •... . I E. Cooper... . Only two started, and ais e the previous race the scratch man, Cooper, wa. handi. capped out of it. By the time the latter received the word to start his autagonist had o ,ered fulle half the distance to be covered, and thoyh Co°oper swam fast and gamely,; gaining on Allender every stroke, the odds were' too heavyeagaiut him, and A!lender w"n by 10 yard.. :. S. Catlelt was the only syimmer who enteed.lot he gave the spectators an prs hlbitrio, f po.r a l swimming while heavily weighted with a l unit, iaeluding bta?' by sehg over the urse laild; down for the While the next event was beiay prepared for soddenly a perfeet storm of ahont was I hoard, and after a little time those who were I unaw.re what oc?oaioued.the diversion found that it was all out of. compliment to Cr. Kay, who unable to resist the temptation for a dip had disrobed in the committee's boat, and wes now pendo:ling a mot enjoyable time astsnget the boys. Mr. Kay spent abot,-20 minutes in the water and informed hla com panions in the boat when he returned that he had had a grand time. Dtivno yon DisTac. S. Jones ....... ...... W. Moodie 2 Only Jones ant Moodie entered. The latter tried first and came up about 20 yards front where he plunged In. Jones then took his turn, and if she rouodabaut course e took were meator d mast have travelled 35 yards before he rose to the surface. As it was he beat Moodle, who declined to follow up the coatest, mxorRa n, 1 miles I min la each dingy; finrst prIze 10:; srcond 7s. 6d,; rd Is. 2 d. J. Pomery... ... ... ..... I J.Dnostg... , . *.. 2 J. H, Dustig .... .... 3 i At the start J. H. Dusting, who is well known to be an adept at this work, appeared to led if there was any difference, and he had rounded the first mark by a boat'slength. At the mnish of the first round, however, J,. Doniieg diplaced ?Lm, and soon after he was pasused by Pomery. At the finnh of the second round J. H. Duting gave up, 'and and J. Dusting had a gap of more than a couple of boats' lengths between himself and Pomery, but on this the last round the latter male a nal effort, and sucl igod ffect did his spurt produce that he' edged up on D?ting's quarter, and from the last mark to the win ning. posts splendid race ensue;t ending in Pomery winning by not more thane hand's breadth. " u . Exauarzzol or Swmxtseto. Mr. McGuni tal ad several of his pupil then entered the wate', and gave an exhibi. tion of. swimmling, living, ,rick.swimming, Ac. , All sort of ,cuous evtloios were gone throgb. the swimmers appearing to bs perfectly at home In the water. NsaoimT Drvas. n E.Cooper .. ... .... I S. Jones ... .. . 2 W. Moodie .. . .. 3 > The competitors wnre a~bord t dire three times each. ?lodolle wIthdrew after ?z iving once. The judges had same little dt8colety t arriving at a decision as to the respective merits of Janes and Cooper,~ bt s Cooper was flJshy awarded the prize as r making the leant splash. The Veterans' Bace, fell through foi !?ck of en:riem. S. Archer...c . .." ,, 1 S.JOites.o 2 1 8eJonia.l ' .. 0 ... Areher 1-d from the starr,.ad rw never approached, aoming in the wlnner by a dai ttane of about 50 yards. WAr~ia Ga.esr Porle f G. Wlfeon li. W. Moodie ". ... - tle This created a great amount of diversion. A gaf, about 20 feet in length, plentifully 1 bemeared with grease was lashed horizontly t to the end of'the baths. On Its end was stuck a small fag, and this had to be taken off by the combatants. S. Cathels was the first to try for the coveted flag, but failed, and fell into the water with a mighty t splash; W. Rlbb also failed to preserve hli balance. Moodie, however, ran oat and Ihen near the end slipped, but ito 'sfall grasped the flg. A little fellow; George 'Wilson, i then tried, and he, too, snoceedetl: Moodie Sobtained it a second time; Wilson tried and ailed;. Moodle again, got it, and Wilson Is his next . attempt .manaued to get right to the end of the pale and take the flag offas neat as could be' As it was Sseeoon that in thiu manner they might continua Ito be equal allt day, the judge was inclined to decide in favour of Wtlsin as having per formed the feat in the neatest 'manuer, but the boys agreed that they would divide the DINGY RACE About a mile; two men in each dingy. Jas. Dusting & J. Guy1 Jas. Pill & E.Guy2 J.H. Dusting & John Pill0 This was a good race between the first and second boats, not more than a boat's length difference being between them at any time during the race; sometimes less, but the win.- ning boat kept the lead all the way, finally winning by about a length. 