WESLEYAN METHODIST CHURCH. JUBILEE CELEBRATION. The Wesleyan Methodists celebrated their Jubilee in the Pirie-street Church on Tuesday night. The congregation was a very large one, every seat being occupied. The service commenced with a hymn, "Blow ye the trumpet, blow," the congregation taking part with the choir. The Rev. J. Bickford then engaged in prayer, after which the choir performed the sanctus from Gounod's Service— Holy, holy, holy Lord God of Sabaotli, heaven and earth are full of Thy glory: Hosanna in the highest." The Scripture lessons, takes from Levirfcas xxv. and Isaiah lxi., were read by the Rev. J. Y. Simpson, Secretary of the Conference. These were followed by a hymn, and then the Rev. C. Lane, President of the Conference, delivered the sermon, taking as his text lEaiah lxi. 1 and 2—" The spirit of the Lord God is upon me, because the Lord hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek ; He hath sent me to bind up the broken-hearted, to proclaim liberty to the capthes, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound; to proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord, and the day of vengeance of our God: to comfort all that mourn." The Prophet Isaiah had cho&en; the celebration of the jubilee to symbolize thecomingof our Lord, when to the sinner in bondage would be proclaimed liberty, and the prison doors opened to those who were held captive by sin. They had met that night to celebrate their acceptable time of jabilee. He believed that- one of the objects set prominently before them at that time was the spiritual elevation of the p jople, and he knew of no better mode of helping to promote that end than by realizing their obligations and following His glorious example. If they could but catch the spirit of the Lord—if they could but realize their obligation to Him at this time—it was certain that they should learn to suitably appreciate the hallowed season of jubilee time. And as to their obligations to Christ they had only to look into the text to acknowledge them, for had He not borne " the day of vengeance of our Gjd ?" In the revised edition of the Bible He was made to Biy "My redemption," and out of the day of redemption comes the sound of joy and triumph, for had there been no redemption there had been no opening of the prison doors, noranyacceptable year of the Lord proclaimed for their salvation. The joyful sound of the jubilee, therefore, was connected with redemption, and in order to assist them to a correct conception of their intimate association the preacher explained the imposing ceremonial of the Jewish Jubilee, which under the old dispensation was connected with atonement. That rite was the crowning feature of the celebration, which was performed on the tenth and last day. the most important of its continuance. Oa that great day the trumpet of the Jubilee was sounded, after the sacrifice of the High Priest had been ccepted and the answer flashed back in the affirmative on his breastplate. That was the signal tor the sounding of the Jubilee, aud immediately the trumpet blae>t was heard echoing over hill and dale, carrying joy unspeakable to the nearts of them that were boond. The preacher pictured the case of a man thus liberated who bad been compelled, perhaps, to hire himself into loyal slavery far the support of his household—how, as the day of atonement gradually approached, anxiety lengthened the narrowing interval. The last day had arrived, but the sua will surely not rise. At length day breaks, and he watches fer the note of the trumpet, but its tardy blast will surely never reach his straining ears. At last the trumpet is sounded, but it is almost too good to bs true. And when he realizes his liberty how joyfully does he speed on his way to the loved oces at home. The jubilee was one of the greatest of the sosial institu- tions of the world, and it was to this noblest of institutions that the prophet compared the liberty which Christ came to confer on the sons of man—deliverance from the dominion of sin, the plorious liberty of the sons of God. Christ gave to His disciples the command to be ready to give forth the note of jubilee, "Lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world. Shortly after the crucifixion of our Lotd, Peter blew that trumpet blast with good effect, and the very next day he and John went up to the temple, proclaimed the glorious gospel for the release of the captives, and 503 touls were forthwith converted. Philip took up that trumpet and went with it into Samaria, and fthen thfy heard it it is eaid there was joy in the city; and in the same way Paul took it and went into Rome. Later on Martin Luther unearthed it, and that was a glorious note sounded by him. After that the trumpet «ras sounded in every direction, and by-and-by its note reached these shores. Could we number those who had already passed away to sing the songs of Jesus ana the Lamb? We should be a peculiar people indeed if we did not realize our exalted privileges and let our hearts rejoice at the establishment of our Church in this land. And just as the man who first heard the Jubilee note was incredulous, so the sinner awakened to the condition of his thraldom is sometimes slow to believe that the favour and love of God are for him. If there was such a one amongst the congregation he prayed that whatever else might be realized that man or woman might find the way to the Cross of Christ. The jubilee note was sounded in the words—" Behold the Lamb of God which taketh away the sins of the world!" The preacher exhorted his congregation to look for nothing in this life save for perfect love; not for perfect joy, for tribulation would surely come; nor for absolute peace, for though we might have the peace of God we might have tribulation a'so. Perfect love, as Wesley put it, "What is it but humble, gentle, patient love?" and that not always with joyfulnets: for joy was uncertain, and was not therefore essential to our salvation. Mr. Lane concluded in the following words: —" Here I pau'.e to remark that we have not that special promise that Christ made to his disciples wlTen he said, ' Ye shall receive the Holy Ghost not many days hence;' but we have the general one, thank God—' I will pour out my spirit upou all flesh.' The promise is to you and to your children, and all these that are afar off. Have we not a right to that promise ? ' Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name He will do it.' Rest upon that promise. When we have finished our jubilee song on earth, and passed through the last sonow—when the last trace of the old Adam 1b taken away for ever, then as we look back to the day of His redemption and our redemption—as we look up to Him the Anointed for the purpose not only of our redemption but eternal salvation too, then we shall take np the jubilee anthem anew and sing unto Him who loved us and made us sons of God, to whom be glory and dominion for ever and ever. May God give ns a glorious Jubilee season by pouring out upon us more abundantly the Ho'y Ghost." The choral part of the service was very well carried out. Mr. Chinner had evidently been at considerable pains with his choir, whobe rendering of Gounod's graceful "Sanctus" with its pretty staccato movement and the organist's anthem, specially composed for this service, " Awake, put on thy strength," calls foi special commendation. The lady who undertook the opening solo has a aweet, though not powerful, voice. She sang carefully and correctly in spite of slight symptoms of nervousness. Mr. Chinner'8 anthem, which followed the sermon, deserves more than a passing notice. It is a welcome and worthy addition to our list of local compositions, and as such should find favour with other Church choirs. It opens with a recit. for first and second bass voices. An "allegro" chorus in three-four time, "Awake, awake, put on thy strength, O Zion," follows, and is both graceful and original in conception, and undoubtedly the best number of the work. The soprauo solo, " How beautiful upon the Mountains" is perhaps wanting in individuality. After a short chorus on the same theme the anthem cloEes with a bold fugual chorus, " For the Lord shall reign for ever and ever." which serves as a fitting close to a decidedly telling composition. The opening recit. was a little marred by the indecision of one of the bass voices, but with this exception the performance reflected great credit on the choir. Mr. Chinner ably accompanied his own composition. The last number was a hymn wntten by Mr. G. F. Chinner and set to music by Mr. W. B Chinner. The service cloned with the benediction. 