A VICTORIAN SCULPTRESS AT HOME. [BY A LONDON CORRESPONDENT] An illusion still prevails that the artist is a creature wanting in practicality, alike ignorant of the practices that regulate the busy mart, and contemptuous of the artifices that fault social success. Whether he be painter or poet, his abode is a garret, and lie prefers " a bank whereon the wild thyme blows" to the Bank of England. But a glance at the aesthetic villas in Holland Park, Kensington, or at the resplendent terraces cf Fitz-Joba's-avenue, Hampstead — where R.A.'s do most abound — will show that fashionable limners can afford to pay as much in rent and taxe3 as the most vulgarly successful ot "city" men. If one is privileged to pass beyond the hall door it at once becomes evident that any preconceived idea as to the inevitable union of genius and penury must for ever vanish ; or, rather, it strikes the social observer that there are certain highly endowed beings who, in addition to being skil ful artists, are first rate men of business. A story is told in the London clubs of 'a wealthy West Eud Jew whose fortuuo had been amassed by the sharp practice of that form of popular banking originally introduced into England by the Lombards arranging to sit to a well known B.A. for his portrait. Tho artist displayed, in the course of the prelimi nary negotiations, a razor-like keenness for finance which fairly fascinated- his Semitic patron. "Why," said he, "if I eonld induce him to go into partners with me in the old lino, Rothschild would bo a pauper to us iu a year or two." This may be regarded as an extreme instance, but to support the expenses of a town mansion and a country house by the dexterous use of a paint brush demands the exercise of commercial as well as of artistic ability. It was, therefore, not without misgiving that I entered the comparatively humble studio of your Victorian sculptress and portrait painter, Miss Marguret Thomas, in Eccleston-sqnare, Pimiico. Pimlico — or South Eelgravia, ns its reputable denizens prefer to call it— is neither exclusively . aristocratic nor respectably plebeian, so that it might well be selected as the abiding place of the Fine Arts. But, unfortunately, it is no. Sir Frederick Leigliton, Sir John Millais, cr that clever little Anglo-Dutchman, Mr. Alma Tadoma, would no more dream of haviug a studio ju Pimlico -than one of your fashionable Collins-street medicos would tbiuk of removing iuto Bonrke or Flinders-street. The pills and potions might be jnst as efficacious, but the " paying " patients would not believe it. So, too, the locale of tho portrait painter s studio is an all important matter. It is probably ou this account that Miss Margaret Thomas has been so little troubled by fashionable colonials -anxious to start a family portrait gallery. Not infrequently an English !ord,or lady anxious to secure an artis tic likeness at a reasonable price aud recognis ing talent wherever found will look up Miss Thomas at Ecclestou-square : but what Vic torian, except perhaps Lady Clarke, has ever remembered the self-reliant Victorian girl who went to Europe some years ago to finish her art studies, and who, ' ' a stranger in a strange land," has labored industriously and not with out distinction in England ever since? Miss Margaret Thomas, though born in Croydon, Surrey, was taken by her parents to Melbourne in 1852, while she was a mere child, and at 13 years of age commenced to study sculpture there under the late Charles Sum mers. Miss Thomas has never forgotten that she is entirely indebted to the "hero of the Somersetshire workshop" for the foundation of her artistic training. Her little brochure on the maker of the Burke and Wills momument, if too iaitbfal a record of his life to please those who ' strive to forget rather than desire to glory in a humble origin, is eloquent from its warm and unwavering loyalty and admiration to the memory of one who in a measure failed to attain tho coveted laurel of European fame. Australians, and especially Victoriuns. would do well to remem ber the man who did so much to foster the love of art in the' colony, and whose comnarative failure iu England was tho inevitable result of a brusque and unsophisticated manner. As a pupil of Summers, Miss Thomas began to copy pictures iu your National Galiery, and to draw from the casts iu its spacious vestibules. She was the first of your art students. So early as I860 we find special mention of her, as a " pupil of Mr. Summers's," exhibiting at the Victorian Society of Fine Arts, aud slie continued to_ do so for the next six years. The critics were appreciatively patronising, but of course your "Jeaines" was careful to let his patrons see that lie kaew there was a very superior article iu the old world. " This youuf lady," wrote one of them, "seems to be au ospirisg hand, as she goes iu for painting, sculpture and poetry." This effusion etnau- atcd, of course, from a local Conserva tive organ, because had Miss Thomas not been a Victorian artist she would have been referred to as "a genins of marvellous versatility ;" being a Victorian, of course, she is an " aspiring hand." Still her art progress wns rapid, aud its recognition ell that she could fairly expect. Notwithstanding this, Miss Thomas conceived a desire to go "home," where, especially at South Kensing ton, the methods of study in the art classes were so superior to auythiug tho colony could afford. With characteristic solf-reliance the young Victorian artist got up an art union of her paintings in order to raise the necessary funds to take her to England, and enable her there to continue her art stadics. She found, however, that South Kensington did not supply what she sought, so went to Rome and remained there for almost- three years. On ber return to England, Miss Thomas entered the Royal Academy, and won the silver medal for sculpture, being tho first female student to achieve the distinction. The Vic torian sculptress continued to study at the academy for two years, during which time she devoted herself mniuly to the more easy and lucra tive branch of her art, portrait painting. During this period she began to receive commissions, and for the next six years was a constant ex hibitor nt-the Royal Academy and elsewhere. Mr Frederick Locker, the most graceful of our light lyrists — whose daughter married the eldest son cf Tennyson — a refined fashionable society man as well as a rhymester, sat to your artist. The following actually appeared among the Notes ou the Principal Pictures in the lioyal Academy Exhibition of 1S7. : — "No. 461\. — Miss JL Thomas : Portraits of Frederick Locker, Esq., and His Daughter Eleanor. These portraits will possess no small interest to those who have taken delight in the exquisite Odesde Society, by Mr. Locker, known under the title of London Lyrics. Some years ago a portrait of this graceful writer, by Millais, was prefixed to an edition oi his little volume.- It would be unfair to institute any comparison between the two, more especially as the pre sent artist has evidently succeeded admirab'v in catching the expression and characteristics both of the poet and his daughter." She had many other fashionable sitters, and her academy portrait of Viscountess Clifdon, sister of tbe Conntess Spenser, was universally admired, aud gave great satisfaction to the lady and her friends. Among a number of other English portraits, including that of the Right Hon. Edward Stanhope, Lord Torpiehcn, the late Admiral Lord Lyons, were a few South Australians, who had ihe good taste to patronise the Victorian artist. A little picture, entitled "Four -o'clock tea," painted for Colonel Gourlay, M.P., exhibited Miss Thomas's skill in a somewhat fresh field. It was at the close of the year 1873 that a Somersetshire gentleman, Mr. R. A. Kiuglake (brother of the author of Esther'), decided to odd the bust of your sculptor, Charles Summers, to the collection of county worthies, who are similarly honored in the niches ot the Taunton town hall. Miss Thomas was fittingly chosen to cr-ut« the hurt of her m'.M-w. 0:t Friday, ! i'ot'. N ral ", 1-',;.'. I'-- " :r: '>:»! ' I w.t> '.tiitc.'c I lir ll'<-!t Sa-r.ff. with grcst - tc! Turning to the Ccir-.tp-juiciice which j Mr. Kirglak - ica-1 oa th - occ.i- inn. <-i. atten tion is arreu .-,! 1/ the cbarar'-r: itic letter from the courtier painter, who so hitingly presides over th-- Royal Academy : — " My dear P.r.— I n.-ist ajwlogiie to you for i rtns'.derable uday in answering your letter, and | plead not only work hut au onerous "rcrrespon- I i deuce. 1 have to thank you for the extremely | interesting l-iography oi '.Mr. Summers, winch I you have- so kindly presented to me. Tt is im possible to read wiihout sympathy, impossible especially to a brother artist, the record of such a life, of so high a constancy in the pursuit of a cherished career, of success even' against such odds, of so sad and untimely an end. I have, 1 regret to say, no dirtinci memory of any oi Summers' works, though the name is familiar to me. I believe I must have kuowu him'in Rome. Do I understand — for ou that head your letter does not seem very ex plicit — that his native couuty is about to put up some memorial tablet, and that you invite subscriptions ? If so, I shall ho glad to add my niite, though very many demands 011 me will, force 111? to a smaller contribution than in clination niight prompt. — Faithfully yours, Fredk. Leightox, president of the lioyal Academy." This is delicious, and quite in Sir Frederick's approved manner. Even after perusing poor Miss Thomas's appreciative memoir, or rather '.j extremely interesting biography," he "re grets to say that he has no distinct memory of any of Summers's works" — "though the name," he is condescending enough to add, "is familiar to me." A president of a Royal Academy, who really lovedart for herown sake, might have borne iu his mind a more vivid re collection of theyonng country workman, who en tered that institution as a student, aud after a year's hard work had the honor — but once since repeated — to receive on the same evening, the first silver medal for the best model from life, aud the gold medal, given once in two years, for the best group of historical sculpture. And Sir Frederick need not have been disturbed, as he was in Mr. Richard Belt's case, by fancy- ; ing ihe sculptor kept a "ghost" on the pre mises. Poor Summers was never cither rich or fashionable enough to be even suspected of fraud ; but it is well to have a courtier artist as presi dent of the Rwal Academy, for who else could send a genuine contribution to the memory of hnmblc Genius, in such a wrappage of patronising verbosity ? Miss Margaret Thomas's memorial bust, how ever, was duly unveiled and admired, and your sculptor, Charles Summers, was placed beside Pym, Ken, Blake, Norris and Speke (to whom was shortly added Henry Fielding), in the Shire Hall, Taunton, "tbe local Valhalla," as a " Somerset worthy." For this the praise is due entirely to Mr. Arthur Kiuglake. That gentleman gare Miss Thomas also the commis sion to execute a bnst of Fielding, a work cn which her fame as an Eng lish sculptor mainly rests. It was a very difficult task, for no authentic portrait of the great English novelist exists. Miss Thomas had therefore to take Hogarth's well known sketch of "prose Homer of human, nature," taken in the last year of liis life, and imagine from it what Henry Fielding was like in the full prime of his magnificent manhood. It is curious to compare the two "likenesses" as given in corresponding pages of the Magazine of Art for- July, 1883. Whether, Miss Thomas's " Fielding" is like the original, no one of course can say, but she succeeded in executing so bold a work, and so fine a bust that even the most captious of literary critics, Mr. Austin Dobson, expressed himself ns " being delighted with this counterfeit presentment of his best beloved author." Miss Thomas's bust was unveiled by Mr. Russell Lowell, the former American Minister to the Court of St. James, who made one of his most felicitous literary orations on the oc casion. Mr. Francis George Heath also read some apt and bright lines written by Mr. Austin Dobson tor the purpose. " The decorations of the shire hall," says a local newspaper, " were elaborate and tasteful. On the grounds were Venetian mais, aud the Royal Standard of England, and the American flag floated gaily in the breeze. In tho outer vestibule of the shire hall, at the top of the first flight of steps, were the arms of Taunton, and of the city of Bath, surrounded by Union Jacks, the Tricolor and the American flag." Snrmonnting the main entrance to the Valhalla were the lines i — HEXP.Y FIELDING. Let wlio 1ms knowa Xnr youth, nor error cst the stotu ! Jf to bare sense of joy and pufn Too keen— to rise to fall ug.iin To lire too much — be sia ; why thea This was no PiDcaix among men I But those who tarn that Inter page The journal of Ills middle age, Watch him serene in eh her fate— Philanthropist or magistrate. Watch bim as husband, father, friend, Faithful and patient to the end. Grlerins as e'en the brave may grieve, But for the loved ones he must leave. Then will r.d rait — If noy can- That 'neath the green Estraila trees, Xo artist merely, but n Man— - Wrought on onr nobscst Inland p:aa, Sleeps with theopin Portugese. Such were the concluding lines of Mr. Dob- son's "verses read at the unveiling" of Mar garet Thomas's fine bust of Fielding. All the wealth and fashion of Somerset were present, and altogether it was a " great day" for tho county and for your Victorian sculptress. Iu the following year your fair Australian artist executed a third memorial bust — that of General Jacob of Sciude — for the Taunton Shire Hall, another commission for which she was indebted to her munificent friend, Mr. Kiuglake. Miss Margaret Thomas has often con templated returning to Italy, where she would, of course, continue the practice of her art, aud perhaps under better conditions than in London. But, after all, one prefers to live amongst one's own people ; and, like most Australians in London, she looks forward to remaining over the Colonial Exhibition season of this year. 