A RAMBLE ROUND CAULFIELD. BY AUGUR. If some of the old-time racing men who have departed this life could return, what a transformation scene they would behold at Caulfield. It is not so many years ago that it was a wilderness of heather and under- growth, where snakes and sand abounded. The times have changed, and the wilderness has been converted into a little paradise, where racing men do congregate, and enjoy themselves more, perhaps, than upon any other racecourse in Victoria, for there is never the hustling crowd which is gradually increasing at Flemington, and which will eventually convert the headquarters of racing into a place to be avoided by ladies, at all events. Wilderness though it was, some of the pioneers of Victoria recognised in it a spot which might be made use of for indulging in a sport which is the most popular pastime of the Anglo-Saxon race, and in the year 1859 it was vested in the following trustees :— J. B. Bennett, W. Lyall, John Payn, Herbert Newton, Thomas Miller, and the chairman of the Caulfield Road Board, and on the 28th March, 1859, they were approved of by the Governor-in-Council. William Lyall and J. B. Bennett, in conse- quence of the apathy of the other trustees when the fencing of the course was proposed, resigned, and in their places were substi- tuted Phillip Dowling and George Watson, who are still hearty supporters of the turf. The two new trustees were made of sterner stuff, and they quickly set to work to see if they could not surround the course with a post-and-rail fence. On the understanding that they were to have full power to do as they pleased, they undertook the manage- ment of the course. It was an uphill fight, but they overcame all obstacles, and, after the course was encircled with a fence, an aged couple who resided in a shanty at one end of the ground were appointed caretakers. A track had been cut, but it was always a source of danger to horses galloping upon it, as it was thickly infested with the roots of the scrub, which had not been thoroughly eradi- cated. As time wore on it improved, and races were held. The prizes, I need hardly say, were not of the munificent order, but it was real enjoyment to assemble among the heather and see the fun. The judge's stand, a very primitive affair raised on high was the only permanent build- ing on the ground. The jockeys dressed in a tent, where the secretary also did duty, and after the races were concluded the stewards handed over the cheques to the respective winners. Yet racing languished in those days, and once the trustees were in danger of losing the ground, as it had not been used for racing purposes within the time specified in the grant, and some of the residents were anxious to secure it for a cemetery. Thanks to the powerful action of George Watson, Phillip Dowling, and John Heywood, this catastrophe was averted. Subscription lists were opened and, a sufficient sum having been subscribed, a race meeting was held, and Caulfield was saved. J. Heywood, who had been mine host of the Wattle Tree Hotel, re- moved to the Turf Club Hotel, where be now resides, and for years he acted as hon. secre- tary, and, assisted by George Watson and Phil- lip Dowling, managed to keep the game alive. W. C. Yuille and P. J. Keighran, two ardent followers of the turf, also resided close at hand, and now and then they exercised their respective strings on the Caulfield track, but as a rule the latter patronised St Kilda Park, where James Wilson, P. Dowling, W. Lang, John Higgerson, S. Mahon, D. Robinson, and other trainers of the time might also be seen occasionally putting their nags through their facings. Twenty years ago B. C. Harriman was one of the promoters of an amateur meeting, and among the victors was Robert Anderson, who rode the winner of the Hurdle Race. Annual meetings now were established, but the stakes never exceeded 25 sovereigns, and it was such a prize that Don Juan won there before he scored his brilliant victory in the Melbourne Cup. Time rolled on, but there was little improve- ment in the Caulfield track. Old Jack and his ancient wife, Mary, had departed from the scene, and the proprietor of the Turf Club Hotel had charge. Always fond of a bit of sport and a horse, he kept two or three in training, and managed to pick up a useful crumb or two, but there was no money forthcoming to make new tracks, though he did his best to keep the old one in order. A bright future, however, now dawned upon Caulfield. The Victoria Ama- teur Turf Club had been established, and the moving spirits selected Caulfield as the most suitable spot for the members to form a racecourse which would be a credit to the club. With what enthusiasm did E. C. Moore and Hector and Norman Wilson enter into the spirit of the thing. It seems but the other day that I accompanied the first named and the late lamented secretary of the V.R.C. to select the site for a grand-stand and the circle for a racecourse. Poor Ned Moore did not live to see the intentions formed that day carried out, but R. C. Bagot superintended the formation of the ground and the grand stand enclosure, and saw it finished ere he was cut down by the scythe- bearer. He should have died hereafter. Ten years ago the ground was permanently reserved for racing purposes and the old trustees having resigned, Robert Power, George Watson, Charles Ayrey, James Lori mer, E. C. Moore, Hector A. Wilson, and Andrew Chirnside, jun., were appointed a committee of management, and on the death of E. C. Moore, John Simson was chosen to fill his place. Three years later the ground permanently reserved for racing pur poses by Order in Council, and the Crown grant issued to George Watson, James Lori mer, Andrew Chirnside, jun., Matthew O'Shanassy, John Simson, and W. Atten borough. Tom Fenner was appointed secre tary, and on his retirement N. R. D. Bond was selected to fill the position, and a better choice could not have been made, for my old fellow-worker is quite conversant with the requirements of the public and the wishes of racing men. Moreover, he has no multitude of other jobs on hand, and, consequently, can devote the whole of his time to the ad vancement of his club, an advantage which the members duly appreciate, and so do the owners and trainers of horses. Since he came into office there has been a marked im provement at Caulfield, and as I stroll from the train on to the course on a fine winter's morning and compare it with the wilderness of half a score years ago I cannot help ex- pressing wonder at the metamorphosis. The sun is quite as powerful as in the spring, and on this delightful, balmy morning one could fancy himself at Randwick were it not that there are no English larks to gladden the ear with their glorious singing. Why is it that some of the wealthy residents of Caulfield do not import a number of English singing birds, and acclimatise them in the district? The secretary is still on the march of improvement, for the low ground at the western-entrance gate is being raised, and as the iron fence is to be carried from the casualty-room well round the turn, new rubbing boxes will be erected outside, and the hearts of the trainers will be made glad. The con tractors are fast approaching the completion of the new course, but it will be quite a year before it is ready for use. When it is, the track will be one of the best in Australia. As I glance round the grand-stand enclosure I am forced to the conclusion that Caulfield will always be more comfortable than Fleming ton, because there can never be that objec tionable block which invariably occurs at the clock tower on the V.R.C. course. No Turkey or Kidderminster carpet is more pleasant to walk upon than the turf in the paddock and on the lawn, and in the roughest and wettest of weather one can roam about without annexing several pounds of the mud of the district. The new tan track has been finished, and will be found useful for slow work, but for fast work I can fancy nothing better than the course proper, which is thrown open for several days during the week. Trainers are taking advantage of the fine morning to give their horses useful exercise, and as I make my way on to the tracks I recognise the Tasmanian Silvermine, who is accompanied by The Chanter and Faithful. The son of Napoleon is evidently wintering well, for he has thickened out nicely since he returned from Sydney, and his coat blooms with that brightness which characterises the horse in good health. He moves like a work- man as he strides twice round at half pace, and seems anxious to extend himself, but his trainer has given orders that none of the three shall go fast, and the black son of Napoleon must be contented. Faithful is a very fine filly by Darriwell from Emily Faith ful, and if looks go for anything we should hear of her in some of the good things of the coming season. Bonnie Doon, half sister to Blink Bonny, is also on the ground, and nothing looks fresher. Her trainer, Isaac Foulsham, thinks no "small beer" of his select little string, and judging from present appearances he will have the members thereof quite fit to take their part at the spring meeting of the V.A.T.C. Isaac bears the re putation of one who is quite conversant with the vicinity, and he has come to the conclu sion that Caulfield stands first as a training ground. He has therefore determined to pack up his traps and shake the dust of Brighton from his feet, but until he builds his stables his horses will occupy boxes at the hotel hard by. The veteran Dan Robin son has just given Crown Brand, a very useful-looking brother to Gardenia, a smart spin, and he has acquitted himself well. Bidding the old man good morning, I wish him the luck to have one as good as Freestone, with whom he won the first Ascot Vale Stakes, or Saladin, whom he trained when he ran two dead heats with Flying Dutchman for the Austra lian Cup, and beat him in the third trial. Joseph Harper and his son William and Joseph evidently take a deep interest in the doings of their own horses, and there are few more promising yearlings than the sister to Violet and the filly by Glorious from Confusion, the latter of whom promises to turn out a very cheap £20 worth. Harper the elder is a most enthusiastic fol lower of nearly every description of sport, and only the weather will deter him from visiting the course to see the morning doings at Caulfield. Young Joe, too, is attached to the game, and he has a fondness for training one or two for amusement. As we stand chatting there steals along with hare-like action a bay colt who reminds one more than anything of Grand Flaneur. It is Kenneth, and John Leek hopes for a Derby success with this son of Maribyrnong, though his legs are bound to give considerable trouble. With fond affection he regards his sturdy little four-year-old son, who rides a rare cut of a pony named All Fours, and canters and trots round the track with the horses in training. Like Nelson, the boy doesn't know what fear is, and in answer to his father's query whether the pony can jump the steeplechase fence a couple of hundred yards away, he makes no more ado, but turns him round and digging his heels into his pony's sides he starts with the intention of putting him at it, but his father stops him in time to prevent an ac cident, and the courageous little fellow pleads hard for another canter round the track, which request is acceded to, and off he goes as happy as a king. I like St. Paul as he ac companies Beckwith in a couple of rounds, and R. Bence has no more useful horse than Albanus, who looks wonderfully well after the spell he has been treated to. Ben Bolt, looking very blooming, has the Tasmanian Western for a companion, and in these the old country trainer P. Kelly has a couple of very useful handicap horses. The postmen of the district apparently are interested in the training operations at Caulfield, for they linger with the newspaper runner, and watch the proceedings as closely as the most inveterate of touts. Their bags are empty, so possibly the morning rounds have been performed, and the public have no cause to complain of the late ness of the hour at which their letters and papers are delivered. The brothers Moran have a big string at Caulfield, one of the lot being a useful-looking horse named Little John, albeit he goes short in his slow paces. One of the best looking hacks I've ever seen trots on to the track, and I find on inquiry that his breeding is quite aristocratic, for he is by Patriarch from Waitress, a mare whose pedigree will bear the strictest scrutiny, for she is full sister to Barmaid. Such a horse as this in England would realise 300 or 400 guineas to ride in Rotten Row. Preston and a chestnut of Leng's are off for a gallop, and Grace Darling is sent to keep Hot Iron and Crane in subjection. Townley makes plenty of noise as he gallops past, and there is no smarter youngster at Caulfield than Alex andra, a handsome little daughter of New minster and Billilla, who moves in rare style. Camerine, looking big and well, canters past, and Tom Jones's string having exercised, with R. G. Talbot and Jos. Duffett for com panions, I wend my way over to Malvern. In a paddock en route I pay my respects to the Caulfield Cup winner, the beautiful Blink Bonny, who is enjoying her ease. She will not race again, and her owner tells me, as we saunter on, that, in all probability, she will visit First King, whose lines of blood should suit her to a nicety. We call on Host Heywood at his snug little hostelry, and from him I gain some information of old times at Caul field. He has stuck to the place through good and evil report, and well deserves the success which has attended his efforts. Caul field has altered considerably since the time when we used to seek him out to obtain the key of the ricketty old gate which admitted bipeds and quadrupeds to the course, and a great deal of the present prosperity of Caul, field is due to the energy of the racing men who assisted to convert the desolate looking heath into one of the prettiest and most flourishing of our suburbs. Here the proprietor of the Turf Club Hotel has raised a family, and among the young trainers of Australia none has shown more aptitude than his son Philip, who with Napper Tandy, Calma, Gardenia, and others has annexed many of the good things of the turf. Mick O'Brien, whose splendid exhibi tion of horsemanship on Gardenia is one of the themes of our conversation, lives here, and no man takes better care of himself. To P. Kelly's stables is but an easy walk of a few hundred yards, and the establishment which he has formed here is one of the completest in Australia. Due attention has been paid to ventilation and drainage, and the proprietor is a believer in light. The main building includes a dozen boxes 12 by 12, and there is every convenience in the shape of receptacles for chilled water and corn. Water has been laid on all over the place, and there is a special plug to be used in case of fire. The saddle-room is a picture of neatness, with its tesselated floor and stove to keep up the temperature during the winter months, and extra boxes detached from the main building have been erected for horses suffering from colds or other ills which horseflesh is heir to. There is nothing perhaps first-class among the occupants of the stable, but I like very well a colt by Maribyrnong from Bridesmaid, a rare bred one, and more like his sire's sons of a decade ago than many of those who repre sent him now. The Queensland horse Ben Bolt reminds me something of J.L., who years ago carried John Tait's yellow and black to victory. Lando is only a plater, but old Chuckster is a racehorse, as he will prove if his trainer can ever give him a prepara tion. The horse's feet seem to have got all right, and there is a chance of him seeing the post again. Whitebait, who once re joiced in the name of Defrauder, has grown into a good-looking colt, and there are few more racing-like mares than Anarchy. War field has evidently been on the sick list, and amongst the others nothing impresses me so favourably as a three-year-old colt by Sussex, almost the exact counterpart of his sire. I don't know that he will ever be a star on the flat, but over hurdles or across country he should be quite equal to F. C. Goyder's old favourite. Adjourning to the cottage we sit and chat for a few minutes over the sport we love so well. Many people wonder how a new chum like Kelly could have formed such an establishment so early in his Australian career. It is easy of explanation. Having graduated at New market, he is thoroughly conversant with the art of training; he is sober and steady, and never neglects his business. In France he was in the service of Major Fridolin, and at the Cape of Good Hope he trained horses for Sir Hercules Robinson and other sports men, from whom he received excellent credentials. Frank Leng is another English trainer who has no superior at his business, and as his establishment lies in our route, we bid him good morning as he emerges from the cottage, formerly in the possession of the late Richard Rowe. Leng for years served under one of England's most success ful trainers, Tom Dawson, to whom that master of the art Matthew of that ilk awards the palm as the most capable of thorough bred preparers. With Southern Cross, Monarque, and others Leng has made his mark in Australia, and it will be his own fault if we do not hear from him again. At present his boxes are pretty well occupied, and I like best of all the yearling Newminster filly, to whom I have previously referred, but Preston and a chestnut gelding by The Drummer look like picking up useful crumbs, and so does Isabel, who has been put into work again. A sister to Liddington, too, should race. Taking leave of Leng we cross the road into Caulfield again, and bring up at host Smith's, whose hotel is one of the most imposing edifices in the district. In the proprietor I recognise a well-known cricketer who, not so long ago, shone as one of the most brilliant batsmen in Victoria, and a wicketkeeper of no mean repute. More than once he has figured in intercolonial matches, and, knowing how energetic he is, I feel assured that as a boniface he is the right man in the right place. The party has now been strengthened by the arrival of the secretary of the V.A.T.C. and George Davis, two sportsmen who have seen the turf of Victoria grow from infinitesimal propor tions to its present magnitude, and each has helped to bring it to to the satisfactory state in which we now find it. They are sportsmen in the true sense of the word. We all sit down to a capital luncheon, and talk of Caulfield as it was and as it is, but we don't lose time, and once more I'm on the wing towards Malvern, where dwells in one of the prettiest little villas Joseph Harper, owner of the flying filly St. Odille. Here, surrounded by English trees and hawthorn hedges, and some of the loveliest scenery, he enjoys himself in a quiet and rational way. It is just such a spot as one can be pardoned for longing to possess, with nice little paddocks for a mare and foal to romp about in, an orchard stocked with the choicest fruit trees, and a vegetable garden replete with the best of edibles for the table. Here it was that Phillip Dowling lived years ago, and Panic and Joe Morrison were also located in this delightful spot. Harper senior is fond of a good horse, and I shall be disappointed if he does not possess one in the bay colt whose head appears over the lower door of the box at the end of the pad dock. Away he goes to join his companion (a stout little buggy pony) when Harper junior opens his door. He is by St. Albans from Isabel, by Yattendon from Ellen Tree, by Jersey. Here we have some of the old Tas manian blood which has nicked so well with that of St Albans. and as this is a well-grown colt with plenty of substance, why should he not be a worthy representative of the family? Julian Gray, by Julian Avenel, a yearling gelding, is in the same enclosure, and a promising little fellow he is, with rare set of legs under him. In the boxes are Uncas and The Forsaken, both in hospital, the former with an injury to his off hock and the latter with a seton in her shoulder, but the sister to Violet and the Glorious filly are smart-looking youngsters, and one or both may carry the colours to victory during the coming season. Time is flying, so we hark back to the establishment of George Davis, whose stalwart son does the honours. It is gratifying to see that good little mare Came rine once more in work, and I shall be even better pleased if I see her carry her owner's colours to victory. Comus, a chestnut colt, engaged in the Derby, creates a favour able impression. He is by Mercury from Doretta by the Gondolier from Un dine, by Kelpie, to which family Colum bus, Camerine, and David belong, and this colt strikes me as one likely to maintain the family reputation. His dam runs back to old Bessy Bedlam, by Emigrant from Stella, by Peter Fin, whose name is to be found in the pedigrees of some of our stoutest racehorses. The Gipps Land breeder is a staunch believer in the line, and he is justified in sticking to it religiously, for there is nothing better in the Stud Book. Daystar, by Mercury from Grace Darling, is another member of the family, and there are others whom we see, and then depart for the establishment pre sided over by my friend, Jos. Duffett. It is undoubtedly one of the best appointed at Caulfield; everything is scrupulously clean, and nothing seems out of place. I'm glad to see the jockeys Williams and Gorry at work, for there is no better exercise than strapping a horse. The former has become a family man, having entered the matrimonial state, and he has built a neat little cottage close to the course. Grace Darling has wintered wonderfully well, and, having quite re covered from the accident which befel her at Flemington, she will in all probability make her re-appearance in public in the weight-for age race at the V.A.T.C. meeting. The Ghost too, is as fresh as ever, and as I look the old fellow over I think it is about time he gained another winning bracket. There are two Derby candidates in the stable, Hot Iron and Crane. The former is much more forward than the latter, but popular opinion inclines to Crane, who is a son of Angler and the imported mare Fortress. The special pet of the proprietor seems to be Gadfly, whom he fondles as affectionately as if she were a child. She is quite as gentle as one, and sub mits to his caresses far differently to The Ghost, who lashes out without any respect of persons. A yearling gelding, by Lapidist from Daphne, is another that looks like winning some day. I like his breeding, for his grand dam is Edella, the dam of Malua. There is a great deal of The Diver about Mill stream, an angular, raw-boned, ugly, Roman nosed gelding, who bears the reputation of a flyer, but a beast at the start. That he can get over the ground at a remarkable rate there cannot be a doubt, and as his trainer believes he has cured him of his chief vice we may see him spread- eagle a big field ere long. Kitty Fisher is all legs at present, and will require time to mature, but quite a differ ent type of animal is the Guinea—Phoebe filly, a short-legged, round-ribbed youngster, whose future career I shall watch with considerable interest, for on the day that she was sold I ventured a prophecy that she was one of the best yearlings I saw in the yard. More back ward is the colt by Robinson Crusoe from Dagmar, but he is what racing men delight to call a "plum," a real Robinson Crusoe, with more length than his sire had at his age. Dan Robinson, the oldest trainer I suppose in the Australasian colonies, lives next door, and I visit the old fellow and talk of old times when Lancashire Witch and others of L. L. Smith's horses were under his care. Dan is not so particular as he was some 13 years ago, when William Dakin and I visited his stables, and he wouldn't allow us to see Saladin unless we came armed with an order from the owner. I've an idea that the veteran has something above the common in Crown Brand, and I shall be delighted to congratulate him upon another victory if he should be fortunate enough to achieve one with this brother to Gardenia. Tom Jones was the first professional trainer who erected at Caulfield training stables upon a large scale, and he had the good sense then to buy land at £40 an acre, some of which he has since sold at an increase of 500 or 600 per cent. Somewhere about five and twenty years ago Jones was a boy in W. C. Yuille's stable. He has grown rich on the turf, though probably he derived more profit from the land he pur chased than the horses he trained. New York was a cheap bargain at the price he gave for him, Violet and Delamia are speedy fillies, and a daughter of St Albans looks like racing, but Bohemian is the best he has got. This horse has thickened out until he resembles in a remarkable manner the ex champion Richmond. It has always been believed that he cannot stay, but built as he is he is bound to get a distance, and if he stands a severe preparation it is within the bounds of probability that he will get success fully to the end of a long race next season. That arch deceiver Dougalston still occupies a place in the stable, but much more to my liking is a chestnut colt by Robinson Crusoe from Luna, though he is a trifle narrow to follow. A gelding by Maribyrnong from Nea and another by Darriwell from Alethe are useful youngsters, and Mistral ought to pay her way some day. R. Batty and R. Bence are not at home, and much as I should like to visit the establishment of H. Connolly, one of our oldest and most respected trainers, it is too far off to get to before dark, so with my friends I drop into John Leek's and have a look at Kenneth and St. Paul, two of the best among the Victorian candidates tor Derby honours. Both have improved, and all going well, there need be no fear but that they will a good account of themselves before the curtain is rung down upon next season. A yearling colt by Richmond from Delamere bears a striking resemblance to his sire, and a colt by the same horse from Serenity is just the sort of animal to ripen into a Derby horse. Beckwith and Jocular are useful handicap horses, but neither is held in so much esteem as the pony who car ried the four-year-old son in the morning. The visitors from town are kindly invited to dinner, after which they discuss racing matters generally, and at eight o'clock catch the train for Melbourne. On my legs for about 10 hours out of 12 I reach home a trifle tired and leg weary, but this will not deter me from taking another ramble round the lanes of Caulfield. 