JIM HARDWOOD'S CHRISTMAS EVE. "'Tis an old story, boys," said my father to us, as we sat by the fire, bothering him for a tale, "but it may do you good to hear it. Poor oldj Jiml he always looks sheepish when any mention is made of it, although the adventure was the best thing could have happened to him; the turning point of his life, I may say. sJim Hardwood and I were both in ser vice at the little village of Stanton-le-. Field, on the borders of Derbyshire. We were great chums. Jim was a civil, good natured sort of a follow all round, but a little too fond of good company, and the public house at that time. "It was Christmas Eve, and Saturday, night; we had'both been working extra hard all week to geot things in order a bit beforehand, as wehad got leave to spend the Christmas Day at home at Woodcoto, a village about four miles off. Jim'shouse was not more than' 200 yards away from ours, just across the village green. Wood cote'was but a small place then, one main street of rather'scattered houses, a brick yard, a pot manufactory, and one for drain pipe-making. Well, we had arranged before starting for home to join a party of the Stanton villagers, carol sing ing, for an hour or two. It was a lovely starry night, but had been raining hard in the early morning, and the roads were very muddy. We made the round of the village, singing in good style, and called at a number of farm houses, where we were welcomed with cakes and hot spiced ale and elder wine, till Jim began to get rather lively: About 8 o'clock we 'left them and started to walk to Woodcote. As we trudged along, talking to keep ourselves warm, it began to snow a little, and gradually got worse as we proceeded. "After about an hour's walk we came to the four-lane- ends, at the entrance of the village, and here we parted, arranging to sceet in the morning before church time. After he left me, it appears Jim called in at the Nag's Head Inn to. see his old friend Blunt, the landlord, and first one dropped in and then another, till the little parlour was quite full. As it happened the conversation turned on ghosts, and the landlord gave a full accounteof a tale told by his ostler Sam, who had been frightened right out of his wits one night a week since, when coming up the lane, with a sack of. oats on his back. An old tale was current in the village, that the ghost of a certain high wayman, who infested the district years ago, and was hung in chains for his crimes, was in the habit of taking his walks abroad at certain seasons, and Sam swore that the ghost had followed him, rattling hisbones, and clanking his chains, until he dropped the sack and rushed into the yard and' banged the door to; still the sack was all right when he went to look for it in the morning. Of course, other tales followed, songs were sung, and healths were drunk, until Jim had taken rather more than was good for him. "On turning out he found, after going a' few yards,. that a thick fog had quietly spread around; and, as in those days the lighting arrangements were primitive, the condition he was in made steering a straighteourso down the lane rather more than he could handle, Lights seemed to flit about him, he kept, dodging about to avoid objectathat seemed ready to hit him, and the ground rose up and down before and under his feet,.till he. got thoroughly •bewildered.' Suddenly anobjectloomed be fore him, largeo ut shapeless ! It advanced with a dull tramp, tramp,and a rattling as though a manacled hand was upraised. IloHe turned to pierce the gloom, but the 'fog was too dense,, or his. 'eye-sight too 'obscured. All the' ghost stories he had heard seemed to coma crowding to his remembrance, but- very, much mixed; witches, ghosts', headless horsemen, spectral highwaymen; aud' other horrible appearances. The obljectslowT advanced, and he could plainly. hear 'tI clanking rattle of the chains it wore-it was the spectral highwayman, withoutsdoubt ! He tried to shout, but the words- frozs on hi lips; he could see nothing,: h turned back and started to run, but this, alas!, was also a failure, for after goingefew:.yard he tumbled over a heap of stones ewnth side of the road and flnally-pitched head foremost into the ditch:. Thiec enraged him, and pot-valiant as. heswasi:he"deteor mined to catch and settle that ghost, if:h died for it! It is not so easyt". catch ghost, and this Jim soon foimund:ut,, for a fast as he followed, so fast did;the shape: precede him ; and as Jim made first-a.long: tack, and then a short -one, (s sthesailors say) the width of the road seemedi to. be' worse than the length of it, and eashe-was. just as far from catching the ghost as.ever,. he got tired of the fun, and tlioughthe-had.' better strike out for home, for.by the time it had taken him, he must have gone two. or three miles out of his wayArat.tho: very least. So, after considering. a-. bit, he11: settled which way he thought, hlo must: have come, and started back at-.a, pretty good pace, but unluckily he got'into, what seemed a very nasty bit of road, for. the' dirt seemed to stick to his shoes so. fast,.. that he had hard work to lifilhis feet from, the ground; indeed, after struggling: desperately to extricate one foot" out. of a. 'hole he had stepped into, the other stuck so fast that the lame broke and. left his' shoe sunk in the mire, and, do what he! would he could not find the place where.it stuck. Now and then he got on. wha': seemed to be a bit of solid grounds.only to find that a few more steps sunk himn in as bad as ever. He tramped along;.how ever, losing his other shoo next, and them his hat; slipping and tumbling,. and of: course plastering himself with mud.in, his: attempts to find his lost hat and: shoes.. Just then, as he got on his feet to try once more for a firm place, he was aguin horrified by the ominous clank., clank of the approaching spectre, and: rushing: headlong away, he dashed against, a.bank that wnua too high for him to climb,.just as the object gave vent to the' most.uneart;hy chorus of shrieks •and groans; that ever proceeded from the mouth of aypliving creature,- Fairly frightened out. of his' senses, poor Jim sunk down oblivious of ghosts, spirits or anythling ,-?lc-,..into the dreamleso sleep of completo exhaustion. i "Next morning, when Joe. Smith who lived next door .to Jin's father; went down 'the gardei to the shed to feed his donkey, ho found that the chain andirope that fastened hini up was broken, and the donkey'missing Noticieg a gap in .the hedge, he got through, and fo!lwed the donkey's trak down the lane till he got to Ciartwrigh~t's clay-hole, and whliat do you think was the sight that met his eyes ' -ahy, Jim, lying down feast asleep, under the far :bank, hat gone, and no shoes, and covered with clay from head to foot, and Neddy, the donkey, standing quietly over him. Of course, the first quoestica. Joe put af tr awakening him 1"'Whhat;n the name; o' fortune art tsh doin' hereI Hast tha bintreddin' Dlee ar night for sun ? Come. on' up to t'house afore anyone else seds tlia, an' hev a wesli; else thou'll never har th' last op't.' "Andho never did! "It seems that the donkey was emrploycd at the clay-hole during the day turning the mill, and had waindered in the lane, after getting out of his shed with part of the chain and rope still round his neck; ' and, disturbed by Jim, had followed him through an open gate into the field the clay-hole was in. Jim had followed the donkey's track round the field, and' even tually into the clay, "treddin' it," as Joe said. His tracks were plainly seen in all directions, and his boots were dug out of their separate depositories, not much the worse for their burial. Podr Jim! It took him nearly all the Christmas Day to dry and brush the clay from his clothes, and he had to stand the jokes and chaff of his friends for losing himself so near his home, and spending his Christnas Eve "treadin' clay" with ,his friend the donkey. All thin"s con sidered, it was fortunate for him thYe don key had followed lhim, for by standing over him, it kept him -warm, and, in the state of wet and dirt ho was in, possibly even saved his life. 'In conclusion, Imaysay, Jim never for got the main cause of his mishap-viz., his muddled condition; and I am happy to say the resolution he made, "never to take meore liquor when you've had enough," has heen faithfully kept." 