The Startling Trick of tho Talking Head Exposed. (AlFBED TlIOMPStW, IN 'NEW ToBE HsnAID.'.1) I kkhembeb the firat tima I saw tho onrious ' ocular illusion known as tho Sphinx Table. As I took an interest in all illusions which oould be adapted to stage effects, and had hoard from adoptb that the new illusion waa not only a marvol, but absolutely undetectable, I attended the firHt appearance of the resuscitated Sphiux, firat performod at the Egyptiau Hull, Picca dilly, London, bv a wizard oalliudr himself Colonel Stodare. Thia oluver trick waB really invented by a young man named Thomis Tobin, who aeeiBtrd Professor Pepper at the Polyteoh nic Inatitution in Begent atreot, to whoao goniua the well-used ghost iUuaiou also owed its inven tion. I was well in front, end not too near, and af tor tho u?ual rabbits had dia&ppsarcd; ont of hats Bnd becomo watches, and tho various pocket- handkerchiefs had beon turnod inti bouquets of flowers, tho novelty was introduced as a climax, and the eight-eeoing publio had B wonder to exoroiuo ita miad on for * months to come. On tho stage, not far ftom tha footlights, was a threo-legged table on whose top was spread a small velvet cover with a border ot gold friasja hanging over 2 injhea. Thero wm no room for a drawer beneath tho table, and tha spaoa under and beneath the loga waa el?ar as fir as tho back of tho stage — simply three attenuated lega and a flat top covered with velvet. On a side table near tho prMoonium stood a handsome plush-covered box about a foot square, or 14 inches every way. The lid un locked by Stodare was opened on the side facing the epeotators, and in it was seen tha head of the Sphinx — a lifo-sized head of a handaome Egyptian, woariag the typical striped head-piece and the same collarette round the Eovered nook ; for there was noth'ng but v. bead on a short neck iu the box. The eyes were oloeed, and tha long eye-lashes fell on tho oheek, which glowed through its Pharaoh bronze with vitul bluod. Closing tho lid for a moment, Stodaro carried thU box. bj haiidlea on caoh s'.da, from tha aide- to the thrco-!egged table before our oyea aud sat it down in the centro. l*ow, understand, there was a fiimolo table without drawers or places ot eonoesl ment. You could see beneath it and note the hangings oa tho wall beyond. Tho thickness of the table with tha bottom of tbe bor uton it could not huve be;n two inches in all. Stodaro ra- opaned the box, whicb. had never quitted our flight, anl, 113 thB lid felt forward tho Sphinx, still there, slept tao sleep of thousands of years — but only to waka 3; tho voice of tho wizard. The splendid, oal'.-a, ma jestic oyea opened at command and looked straight befoio that marvellous face out into the nineteenth century. I had no doubt, even before the lipa opsned and the voice spoke in measured rhythijic tones, that the head was human and not made of wax, but tbo more I lo-jkod and tho more I oalou'ated, ths furtbt* ?was I from a Bolution of the first mystery I hi.d witnessed Bince I commsneed tho study ot modern magic. Tho whole apparatus wag in full light, not only of ga3, but o£ calcium, directoi ou tha wondrous fur.e while the box wrh opBn. Until the closo of tbe exhibition I eat there dumb founded, and poaitivoly unable to answer the Sphinx enigma beforo me. Just beforo tho conclusion 1 happened to rise in my seat, eo certain I felt thut some unexpected detail micht disclose the secret to me, ana iu a moment ihe whole illusion was swept away. I saw where tho body waa concealed. I know tba tcick. and I went away perfectly happy at osing oertaiuly the only one in London, besides tho iaveutoza, who could have produsod tho marvellous Korcery eleowhero. And tho whols bax of fc:iots was given away, iji lack of a silk handker chief. As I ttooii up my eye caught covering between two table lega the marks oX two fingers, snob murks as may be often eeeri on a rcizror wheus the light falls at a curtain angle upon it. Those two fingjr marks, though close to ths carpet, gave ms th? key to tho entire Sphinx hieroglyphics. In my mental photograph I saw the confederate kneeling behind the table, with side view of the Sphinx, hia head passing1 through tho supposed aperture, one in tha table, the other in the bottom of tho box. The figure was concoaled from viow by two mirrors of pure silvered plate-gla83 sot at suoh an angla as to reflect both sides of tho room (on tb.3 i-tafje) in euch a way that what to the eye waa evidently the back of thn same room eesn be neath nrd beyond the tuble wa3 really only a reproduction of those sides visible in tho mir rors lietwesp tho legs of the table. This Sphinx waa tho eensatiouof London for weeks following, and having oooiiiion to (jo to Paris a few days after, I ctforod the sajret to Bobert Hou-'in's Buocessor, Hamilton, who, however, refussd terms until he knawthe triok. This delay of hia was much regratted by him, for eeme other speculator round out tho secret three months Inter and mado a colossal sensation in Paris with hi3 'Decapite Parlnnt,' which purported to ba tho head of a criminal who ha 1 beo'i guillo tined, but sliil retained the power of speaking and answering questions. Thin was exhibited in a cellar opposite the Grand Hotel in a room ouctained to look like a priaoa, with tht realistic accessories of axes, blood around tho neck, and other Zolaesque surroundings. Iu tha Baaaa year, I introduced tho illusion for the firat time on the Bttige in tho celebrated spectacle of '? Babil and Bijou,' at Covaat Gu-den Theatre. In tho ballet of ''The Seasons,' Mlio. Henrietta Dor, one of tbe moat poetical dancers aver seen, appeared as tho Whito Boso, and I de signed a lnrgo rosebud on iia ar&'k, whioh. coming up through a bed of sumtnoi- fiowera, blossomed wide uutil from ita open petals tho beautiful Dor roao up, apparently taatorialisinij as ehc issued from tho calyx oa tho atulk Ths biJlet wus ao arranged iu groups 'around three sieieH (not in front) as to aid the dec3ption by thoir udjus ttd roflostions in the minors. Practically it was the same— two mirrors at a right angle and' a trap- door. TM3 nurious trick web never improved on. It was added to and altered at tho Polyteohnio, whora, among othtr udi-ptatioua of tho samo principle, was ehown lu aniuiuted tableau of Sir Jo.shua Ray nold's lamona cherubs. 'Hhree cherubs' heads and wingo appeared in a moonlit eky floating, and sang in sweot child voice* tho verses of au anthem. Eoally those throo heads (wme through threo holes in ono shoot of glass, whioh refleoted (ia an alcove) tho osilmg above, on which was a paiutaj sky aad illumicatsd moon to tha eyo of tho speotator far boyond tho floating trio. Curiously enough I mot the original Sphinx ' not threo years ugo in the peraou of a bosiuesii manager, who had been Btodaro's agent, and only three months baok one of thoao vory choruts, in Mr. Prod. Solomon, the- oomodian, who waB then a chorister at the Chapel Boyal, aid who was threatened with all sorts of tor tuieB if he let tho oat or the ohoruba out of tha bag. ? Mr. F. J. Diokona, son of the novoliBt, died at Molino, Illinois, on Juno 11, from paralysis of the heart. A xawybb in an eastern state, whoso reputa tion in the community was cot very high, met ? an old gentleman ono day and oaid to him-** 'Do you know, Mr. H., that lam a diroot dojcondanfc from Mile6 Blandish?' 'Is it poiBiblc ?'|was tho reply. ' What a dojoent 1' Dog- fanoior: 'Woll, mum,, have you eomo to buy another pup?' Miss Pluntagenot : 'No, sir, not oxactly. Ifainma wished to know it you would oxohanco this blaok dog for a black and whito ono Ho in just as good as new, and wo are goiug into half- mourning next weok.' Maddb : ' Itn't thin a queer title for a boot, 'Not liko other girls !' I wonder what she can he like if she's not like other girls ?' Mother: ' I don't know, unless sho goes into tho kitchon and helps hor mothor, inBtcad of staying iu the psrlour to read novels.' (?Tiinnamo 'Tabby oat' iseaidtobadetWai from 'Atab,' a famaua street in Bagdad, in habited by manufacturers of ailbou Btufla oallod AtaVi, or tafiety, tha wavy marking of tha i watered, bUIib icsembUng -gussj's ooat. 