CAMIOLA : A GIBL WITH A FORTUNE BY JUSTIN M'CARTHY, Aathor of 'Miss Misanthrope,' 'Maid of Athena,' ete. Chapteb XXVIII, — Love-Ghosts Haunt THE CHGBC&YABD.; What was it that prompted Vinnie ft I o»y or two after this to turn into the old churchyard ! She had not passed its gate siDce the night of her attempt lo drown herself. She had always felt a shudder come over her when she thought of tt. Yet this morning, when returning from her mother's lodging to Fitzurse House, she «U drawn and driven by a curious phantasy go out of her way for the purpose of taking one look at the spot which wsb so tong sacred to her love and her happiness, ahs reached the gate, opened it in a half- resriul way, as if something painful must fisppen to her should she go inside, and she went inside. She made her way to the wall tnat overlooked the river, and atood there i moment and recalled the memories of that dreadful night. The plaoe was in solitude ; ine solitude and the sight of the water sent a cam though her ; she turned away, and, tohng weak and iaint, she eat down ; jnat as e used to eit when she was wailing for Walter m the old days. Well, she was recovering from all that madness, thought, and perhaps it might we ten as well it she had not oome into churchyard so soon again. But she ouja have to see the old plaoes, and she be able to bear it 5 she would have to Em® and to be able to bear that, ddoenly ghe heard the gate move, and she »»t someone had entered the ohuroh- frj. ®to did not look up ; ride kept her yes axed on the ground ; she wanted to we tefly ; if possible, not to be sew. The if a Mne neMer nearer ; it aeemedas h",BOW coming directly to her ; « me neard her name spoken. ' vinnier The word made her tremble and start. She thiLj?0 kd, with erimsoning cheeks, flaw her n?8 Walter Fitzurse who stood beside lovten a memories of happy, hopeful, days and evenings, sunny afternoons, of iv contented bonrs in the glow work v Bide' with Mr8 Lammas at her 8 "tole removed — what memories like teme rushing upon Finnic as she saw . f Wl®h hie eyes fixed beseechingly on di ' And then what recollections of bitter and desolatioii, of oruel el rJneB6 1x11(1 a6cJ i waiting in vain ; Pe'o, and madness. and desperation, and «ua5!jdl,hd BPecia amngemrat with lbs of that ghastly midsummer night's dream !I?X 1n,0"aent the churchyard wall, that wrld look up at the tky, that plunge Into the swift rushing river 1 Out of that river she seemed to have oome up anew human being. Youtb, and hope, and love, «nd disappoint ali were buried for her in that stream. Yet to see him "now, and to be spoken to by him, seemed almost as it it could bring back the former Vinnie Lamtnasagain, and torture her with the same misplaced love and the same oruel disappointment. He ought not to have come near her or spoken to her, she thought ; and yet, of course, it must be sooner or later, and perhapB he was right to ovsr at unce. " She was determined that Ehe would not show any weakness ; the past was the past for her. 4 Mr. Fitzurse !' she said, making a des» perate effort, and looking op to him with dazed eyes which hardly saw anything ; I am so glad you are come home again. I didn't expect to see you here.' No, Vinnie ; and I didn't expect to see you, I turned in quite by ohance just to have a look at the old plaoe. But I am very glad to see you, Vinnie.' Thank you,' said Vinnie, rather blankly. 'Iam glad that you are well; and—and— I think I had better he going.' One moment, Vinnie. As we;have met we haven't met, you know, for a long time — I want to know — I should like — I hope you have learned to forgive me t' He spoke in a low, pathetic, pleading tone, and looked very humble and beseeching. I don't know that I have anything to for give, Mr. Fitzurse; I think it wbb all my own fault. I was very silly ; I fancied you were very really in love with me ; and that it would last like that for ever. I know now what nonsense that was, and how young gentlemen like to flirt as muoh as they can with any girl that comes in their way ; and I thought it all meant something; and now, of course, I know it meant nothing.' ' Still, I want to hear you say that you forgive me ; I cannot feel at rest in my heart until X hear you say you forgive me.' ' Oh, yes, I forgive you, if I have anything to forgive, and I oan't forgive myself quite as easily. I hope you will be happy ; very happy Mr. Fitzurse — all your life.' The tears In her eyes were blurring for her the scene and the outlines of his face. I don't deserve happiness; I did you great wrong ; I don't know how it was ' It was all very natural and easy to under stand,' Vinnie said. You had only known me a short time, and you thought you — you cared about me ; and then you saw a beauti ful young lady, rieh, and of rank, and educated, and clever, and all that ; and, of oourse, you fell in loe with her. You oouldn't help that ; and she is much better suited to you than I oould ever have been — and don't mind about me. I am all right ; people are very kind to me ; and I hope you may be very happy ; and she— and pleaEe I think I must go now.' I should have been very happy, Vinnie, if I had never seen her ; i should have been very happy with you ' ' Oh, no, no, no,' she exolaitned vehemently, don't say that ; it never eould have been ; we uever wera meant for one another ; I think I felt that, or I feared it, even at the time. Yon ought to be in society and make a figure in the world ; you were made for it and born for it ; and I am only a poor little girl, and I should have been a mere drag on you and a dead -weight on you— and oh ! it's muoh better as it is, and I shall soon come to be reconciled to it.' A throb of keen and oowardly delight went through him. She was not yet reoonoiled to ft — that was quite olear ; she loved him still. He had oome into the churohyard without the slightest expectation of seeing Vinnie, and, to say the truth, without one single thought eonoerning her. He had for the time shaken off all memory of her, and bis chief idea in entering the churchyard was that it would be pleasant now in the pride of his success to have a look at the old place where he used to hang abont in his nnsnocessful days. The sudden sight of .Vinnie surprised him and rouBed his curiosity- Why had she oome there? Was it because she was still thinking of him ? This was interesting. He spoke to her ; and from the moment of her reply he went on without any definite purpose, but Bueh as each new word, or tone, or gesture of hers might Buggest. In a few instants he found himself playing the tender apologetic part of one who too late discovers that he has thrown a pearl away richer than all bis tribe. Walter lived mainly for snocesB in life ; bat, unfortunately for him, his power to play a part had a strangely incongruous and fsntastio vein In it; and he was always turning aside to indulge in & mood of semi-sensuous and dreamy senti- mentalism. That was the one defect which for his other objeotB filled him with faults. For the moment it wbb nothing to him that he was the . reeognised and received husband of an earl's grand-daughter. Fate bed thrown Vinnie Lammas in bis way ; Vinnie Lammas whom he had tossed aside so heedlessly, and about whom half an hour ago he oared no more than he oared for ' Sally in Our Alley and behold he muBt sit down by her and indulge himself in pLying for a few miouteB the part of the repentant lover who oomee, too late, to see the full value of the love treasure he has lost. He eat down by Vinnie and endeavoured to take her hand. He had no evil purpose; no deliberate purpose of aoy kind. Ghanoe threw in his way the opportunity of a fresh and interest' ing sentimental sensation, and he oould not, for the life of him, resist the temptation. Vinnie drew her hand away and got np. 4 You are right,' he said, rising also and standing not quite so close to her as before ; yon are right, dear Vinnie, arid i was wrong.' She did not ask him what he meant, although she had not been offering any opinions as to the right or wrong of any thing. 1 was wrong in attempting to touoh your hand,' he said, ' or to sit near you, or to detain you here. We are nothing to eaeh other any more, -and should keep apart. We shall have to see eaeh other, X suppose, but we must not meet any more ; for I don't call seeing each other in a crowd or in a room with other people — I don't call that meeting. You will love someone yet whawill be better worth your love than I was ; and ybu will be happy. I almost wish I had not oome in here to-day ; but how did I know ? There is a fate in these things, I suppose. Good bye.' Oh, Walter — Mr. Fitznrse,' sheexolaimed. ' How I wieh you had not come here to-day ! Why did I come here ? What bronght me T I was getting reconciled and quiet, -and I thought I was able to bear anything ; and I was getting over tbe memory of that dreadful night. Oh, why must I think of it ?' 'What night, Vinnie? What dreadful night?' He asked this question in all. sincerity. ' That night — oh, don't you know? Oh, you do know— the night — that Sunday night — when I oame here and tried to drown myself— flung myself into the river ' Vinnie ! Vinnie ! I never heard — I never knew anything about this. What night was it ? Why did you do it?' 4 1 did it because I was mad, because X was in love with you, and you didn't oare about me any more ! It was only a little while ago, the Sunday night when you went away — went away — I mean when you went to he married to Mies Lisle. Oh, I was so miserable and so wild I hardly knew what I was doing, and X wanted to be out of life, and I came here and flung myself into the water — and I must have been drowned only for Mr. Bomont ' 4 Only for Mr. Romont ! Did he save you? Was it he ?' ' He saved me — he is so strong and brave ! Sometimes I wish he hadn't , saved me, but he did ; and he and Mr. Pilgrim brought me to the Rectory — and then everyone was Kind to me. And Mrs. Pollen is so good — and I was getting better — and X wish, Walter Fitzurse, that you hadn't oome here to-day or that I hadn't oome— and why, why, why didn't you let me alone? The poor girl fairly broke down in tears and hysterics. She was terrified at the thought of falling back again into her own love. She felt like some weakling lover of drink who has been doing his best to keep temperate and sees tempta tion suddenly thrust under his very eyes; who longs to be reformed, and finds all his worser nature craving for drink, and who oan only moan and shudder at the thought that if this last long enough the spirit of evil must carry the day. She sat down again, and Walter sat beside her more boldly now. A sensation of mere triumph was filling him. Vinnie had tried to drown herself for love of him ! That was magnificent romance, but one cannot have everything ; and there was a bitter drop in the thought that Bomont had saved her, that Romont knew all about him and his love affair with Vinnie ; that Vinnie had probably told it all to Romont ; that Romont would remember how the very first night Walter and he met, Romont had talked a good deal about Vinnie and her supposed lover in Fitzurseham, and had not snspeoted that the lover was sitting there before him. Walter began to be almost borne down by the thought of the number of things which Romont knew abont him, and the dread of his some day letting them all out. 4 1 hope, Vinnie,' he said gravely, you did not think of confiding to Mr. BwdDdI, or to anyone else, that chapter in orir history which has ended so strangely for bCth of us? It would not be like you to do that.' I never told anyone,' Vinnie said, flushing a little ; I was never asked any question by anyone; they are all too kind and good to think of cross- questioning me — and I didn't know until after that it was Mr. Romont who saved me ; I didn't know it until next day ; and I never spoke one word to him about it ; I never even thanked him ; I thought he would rather I didn't ; at least, that he would think perhaps it pained me to say anything about it, and so would rather I didn't, for he wouldn't misunderstand me, I know.' Walter Fitzurse was conscious of a positive pang of jealousy shooting through him keen as a physical pain. He was made jealous by Vinnie's evident admiration for Romont. She was in love with him — they all like him — everyone,' was his thought. 4 Well, Vinnie,' be said, we must part. I mustn't keep you here. X am glad we have .met again ; and eorry, too, X think ; but we ehould have to meet some time, and it is as well we should have our first meeting here in this old place ; this dear old place. You do not love me any more, Viiihie. Why should you?' How oould you ?' ' You shouldn't even say eueh words,' Vinnie said, with some spirit ; 4 you are married ; you have a clever and a beautiful wife ; you couldn't think so badly of me as to suppose that I could care about you any more — exeept as a friend, of course,' she added. You will lore someone else soon,' he said, watching her keenly ; 4 why should you not ? Perhaps already ' But the girl stopped him in his speech. 1 Oh ! for shame,' she sobbed, breaking down again into tears ; 4 why do you. talk so ? Why can't you let me alone ? Fancy your telling me that I am in love With some one else already I' Fitzurse triumphed in bis heart. She loves1 me still,' he said to himself ; that is quite clear.' 4 Good-bye, Vinnie.' He held out his1 hand, hut Vinnie ran past him and out of the gate, and was gone. Fitzuree walked complacently to the Rec tory to go « dt for; a drive with Janette, who was pining for him, -arid was beguiling tbe drear time of his short absence by dis coursing to Camiola about his gifts and his virtues. Fitzurse was made more tender than ever with J anette by the thought that Vinnie Lammas was still in love with him. The knowledge gratified his self-love, and made him all the more willing to be loving to his wife. _ He had., be it said, no evil purpose in his mind as regarded Vinnie. It would have been ot no avail so far as ehe was concerned ; but, in fact, he had no suoh thought. He was delighted to think that Vinnie was still in love with him, arid he was pleased that he had met her arid had drawn what was really an acknowledgment of this from her ; and that was enough for him. He would tell Janette the whole story some time, he thought —the story a little edited in his own interest. It would oome out, we may be sure, a story of hopeless passion on the one side, and heroic magnanimity on tbe other. ' Where have you been, child ?' Mrs. Pollen said, as she stood on the lawn and Vinnie ; oame up to her. 4 I've been to see mamma, and I gave her your message.' Yes, that'sright ; but what happened tCL you on the way back? Didyou meert any- one?' ''' ' "V-? 1 Oh, Airs- Pollen, why do you ask?' She was frightened. 4 Well, because ! know the sight of yonr mother, whom you see every night, didn't throw you into a state of efirifosion that lasted from her house quite on to mine. You have been crying ; let me look at your eyes. Gome now ; 111 teil you One thing yoti have been doing. Yoa haye been in the olfi churohyard.' 4 Oh, how do you know ?' You have been there, and you have been crying there ; I can see that ; and I know why.' Mrs. Pollen suspected at first nothing more than that Vinnie had gone into the churohyard to indulge In morbid faneies and unwholesome memories there. 4 You must not go there for a long time, child ; until you have got over all this. It is not good for you to keep the past in your recollection. I guessed that you had been to that piabe the moment I saw your face.' Then she saw another expression pass quick as a flash pi light across VinnieV face ; the expression of one who has something more to tell but fears or does not know how to tell it. 4 Oh, there is something more then ? I have not heard all ? You met someone in the churohyard — yes, of course, I see it all now. You met Walter Fitzurse there. That is what happened.' 4 Oh, Mrs. Pollen, I never thought of seeing him there ; I never thought of such a thing. I wouldn't have gone in there for all the world if I had any idea of hiB ever being there mow.', . 4 No Vinnie ; I am quite sure of that. I oouldn't for a moment suspect you of any wish to see him again.' 4 Oh, no no, no/ poor Vinnie murmured. 4 But he talked to you ; and he was pathetic, wasn't he ? He spoke of the old days, and excused himself, and all that ;and rather Implied that it was a pity things hadnt ended otherwise, and destiny and all that sort of thing— 4 Why, surely, Mrs. Pollen,' Vinnie asked with wide open and affrighted eyes, 4 yon never could have been there ? Yon didn't hear? Mrs. Pollen smiled eomplsoently. She was right, then, in her guesses. The rest would be easy. X wasn't there, child, and X. have heard nothing whatever about what he said or you said, but I have some experience of the world, and of men, and of girls ; and I know what that sort of man would say under the circumetanoee ; and I think I know what he wanted tcrget you to say. Shall I tell yon? 4 No ; please don't,' Vinnie said, muoh distressed. 4 Yes, I must ; to show you what sort of person he is, and how muoh a matter of common form all this sort of thieg is. Well, let me see ; he hoped ybu would be happy with someone eleer— didn't he ? — and said yon 1 would soon find someone worthier of your love than he had been ?' Oh, but how do youknow?' Regular sort of thing, my dearohild; , f 1 telgfit; in Wll l)e got off iy heart out of . " polite letterwriter," or sent about in cir culars. Then be asked you il you hadn't already found someone to love ; and then you burst into tears and made it only too plain to him that you hadn't. Ib that the whole story, Vinnie ?' Poor Vinnie had to confess with renews# shame and, tears ,tbpt that was the whole story ; that Mrs. Pollen knew it alt as- well as if she had been a listener. Mrs, Pollen had giveo her a sharp and wholesome lesson. All that Walter had said muBt be in the common, triek of such men — else how could Mrs. Pollen have known it?— and he was merely playing it off ori her to amass his own vanity. 4 He is riot worth thinking about.' Mrs. Pollen said. ' 4 Don't you think he ever cared for me, any time ?' Vinnie asked, timidly. 4 Never eared, and never will care for you, or anyone in the world but himself,' was Mrs. Pollen's answer. She was determined "to call Vinnie's still undestroyed sense of self-respect to bar rescue, even though she had to sting it into action. Chapter XXIX.— Mb, and Mbs. Walter Fitzurse. The whole tone of the Rectory had curiously changed since the marriage of Waiter and Janette, and the return of the runaways. It was like the introduction of some strange and chilling substance into a composition : -of sweetness and tempered warmth ; all was turned into congested ice- blocks. Mr. Lisle was not a man to do things by halves, and, when once he had made up his mind to welcome his hew son- in-law, he gave the welcome with all the cordiality he could command, and with an unrestriofced resoive to do as much for the son-in-law as if he were a son. But Mr. Lisle was not endowed with very flexible manners, and he found it hard to put on au air of cordial affection where he felt .no affection ; to 4 cry content to that which grieved his heart.' He could not like Walter Fitzurse ; the more he tried to like him the less he succeeded. He could not, somehow, trust the young man. Mr. Lisle was utterly uhable to explain to himself the reason for euofca mood of mind, but he always felt as lf any hour might bmig him some painful disoovriry about his new son-in law. He feit as some head of a family might feel to whose house an impostor has'oome pasEing off Jo: a long-lost sondhrirand who, iof .eytente:: to aocept arid welcome the olaim&nt;, oannot get his hesrt to warm to the stranger. aDd finds that something in his blood chills mysteriously' every time they come together. Thus Mr. Lisle felt to Fitzurse. Even Mr. Llsle's affection for his daughter and his sincere desire to make her happy oould hot quite enable him to mask his feelings when he spoke to her about her young hneband. Mr. Litis oould not alto gether conceal from Janette the fact that he commiserated her for having such a husband. His very graoicueness, his re doubled tenderness to her told the same story. Now Janette did not consider herself by any means an -object of compassion because Bhe was married to Walter Fitzurse. On the oontrary , iBhe regarded herself as a proud and bsppy girl wbphad won a eplendid prize. She wanted everyone, arid more especially her father and mother, to regard her in that light; and her eyes, made doubly qu:ck by love of her husband and jealousy on his behalf, soon saw that her father and mother did not bo regard her. Therefore, she kept Walter to herself as muoh as possible ; she withdrew him quietly, so far as she oould from those who weie unable to appreciate him. The Rectory was broken up into little ebilly groups ; and the ostenta tion of general forgiveness and reconciliation, which was common to all, only made the isolation and the ohillinesB more complete. Walter began to be very glad when people came to the Rectory. : He. dreaded a dinner alone with the family. He had Aiot much opportunity displaying his trismphwhen there were <nly Mr. Lisle and! Lady Iidtitia, and Cainiola and Georgia id bear witness to it. For some days nothing was said abont plans and prospeots, and so forth. One day, however, the Rector had a long talk with Walter eonoerning the future. He thought, and Lady Letitia thought, it would be well for Walterte go to the bar ; if he wished, and Janette liked it, he was to be enabled to do this and to be helped forward in every way. Janette would have liked Walter to go into Parliament At onoeas the representa tive of some 'causeuoucamed with universal bflrity and the general fatherhood of man. agreed to tot . make some To JwrtteteweeiiiSHBBStoiari.tii the was even still a good deal mewtStfaro way of thinking. It was iMaitti&ged--; od this was a great relief to aR parties when it Walter f»rt in B»«SBtm3iKlltt9,aTOdaire h»iy4iodeit<FitBatoefoa& WbtttoVeritiftjyafeit inclined. fleifctlhWift' -delighted 'Pdte woulfcave Ba Camiola woulddttie fever to of Fen. 8i?\ 'n8$| M, m'M Fitzuxseham aagaahHanoes ; louths? street!!' Fiturseh&m; wasan ire«verfent?jeeringeor4; of place ; U would jeer;at succ esse wbll as at foliate. Hehafcedcld Jetbtb 1 'MerriiJewVj profound and courtly bow in which Waller oould not - help thinking there was more of earoafem than ' of; reverence ; he dreaded meeting Pilgrim ; and/ after his' late adventure, he thought the lets he saw of' Yinnie Lammas the hotter. . (TO BE OOMCTKUED. ) 