X.XXJ.J J.' a i AN AUSTRALIAN .J ,'LIET. fl'.r " Locksi.ev.'M At a time when so much interest ami atten tion is concentrated on the triumph of an Aus tralian oarsman in competition with the cham pions of the world, it cannot be inappropriate to invite spcciul notice to the achievement of an Australian girl on the dramatic stage. .1 no not wish to speak iu exaggerated terms, but I cannot believe that the brilliant success reached by -Miss Essie .fonyns in licr linn impersonation of Juliet required for its accomplishment any less rare assemblage of qualities, mental aud physical, than those requisite for a successful rowing contest. The character of Juliet is one that makes the meet exacting demands upon the actress of auy in the dramas of Shake speare. The great dramatist has indeed in this part insisted on requirements that are almost contradictory of each other. In Juliet we find tbe youth, the thoughtlessness, the heedless impulsiveness of girlhood combined with the depth, the fervor, the passion, Ihc de fiant resolution of mature life, it is in the difficulty of this combination of swell widely diverse qualities that we have the explanation of the rarity of an even approximately successful representation of Juliet. And it is iu Ibis dif ficulty which renders the very admirable aud beautiful impersonation of tbe part by our young Australian actress so gratifying and sig nal a victory for her, one in wbicli these com munities, which thrili so readily to the patriotic triumph of ail Australian success, ought to ho proud to sympathise .with and to share. The distinctive characteristic of tire part of Juliet, among all of Shakespeare's women, is the great range of development through which it passes. What an immeasurable difference in the unioldiug of character is revealed between her childlike submissiveness of assent to bur mother's proposal of marriage in the first act and her determined refusal — Now, by St. Peter's Church, and Peter too, Be shall uot make rue there a joyful bride — in the third. Wo see something of this change of character in Hamlet after his listening to the tale of the ghost of his father. We see it again in Macbeth after his ambition has been stirred by tbe insidious suggestions of the witches on the blasted heath. Iu a similar way comes to' Juliet a great transforming change of character — not gradually, but in a momcut, at the more than magic touch of her lover's lips, which unlocks all tbe feeliugs of her soul, and lets tliem loose like a flood. And thus it is that the passionate nature of the young Italian girl attains fnll stature with such swift celerity. .She is now swayed by the sentiments aud passions of a woman though only posses sing the experience of a child. And so it comes about that she gives the control of her life to | the fervor of impulse, and soon finds herself I engaged in the toils of a ruthless destiny. | llenee it is that the young girl of the first act is changed in the last to a passionate, doter- ' mined, desperate woman, who, to the last, i struggles wildly, hopelessly, but always reso lutely, against, the iron convolutions of the cruel fate by which she and her boy lover are involved und crushed. All this was, I think, depicted with great force and great beauty by Miss Essie Jeuyns. This young lady has, indeed, special qualifica tions for this peculiarly difficult part. She is still hut a girl in years, with an expressive and charming face, a slight and graceful figure, a rich and flexible voice, and with all this a 3trong intelligence and great emotional power. She has evidently enjoyed the advantages of careful stage training, bnt without for a mo ment doDrcciatimr the value of this, it is an- parent that the success of her embodiment of tbe part is mainly due to her full aud intelligent realisation of what Shakespeare in tended by the character of Juliet. Unless Miss Jenviis had succeeded in placing herself in the heart of the character, and thus developing it outwards, she would never have given so im pressive and consistent a representation of it us she now presents. Those situations and attitudes and tones and gestures hare all been thought out and tested aud judged, but unless they had at the sums time bceu harmonised aud controlled by a strong and vivid sense of the character depicted, her impersonation could not possess the air of free spontaneity which so strongly marks it now. And this being so, she has admirably responded as a natural access it to the evolutionary requirements of the part. As a result wo have the same actress who so charmingly and winningly pourtrays to us Juliet's happy, unconscious girlhood at the outset, and whose movements aud words have all the uuburdened graee of early youth, by nn easy and natural transition moving as tbe play goes on with a firmer step, speaking with a deeper, more thrilling, tone as the chords of emotion are touched by the cold fingers of pitiless destiny, and exhibiting that desperate revolt against authority and fortune and cir cumstance which leads up to the dread catas trophe. To do this should be, and doubtless is, the aim of every Juliet. But if we wish to fix on the peculiar characteristic of that of Miss Jcnyns, I should be disposed to say that it is emphatically a girl Juliet. in other words, that it is in this respect precisely the Juliet that Shakespeare conceived. Shakespeare makes his Juliet just under fourteen years, and he lays so much stress on this age that we cannot but believe that be regards it as helping to the determining of the character. His Juliet is essentially a young girl, suddenly trans formed by the spell of love into a passionate woman. And this youthfulness of . Juliet is strongly accentuated by Miss Jenyn3' slight ivillnuT fitniff hop frnali nnrl vnnlhfitl tn»r» lior pretty playful ways, all speaking of a mind un occupied and a heart untouched. A critic has said of the drama:-—" Youth thrills iu its every utterance ; the impetuosity of youth, the faith of youth, the warmth and passionate impulse of youth, vibrate through its every scene and speech. . . . All breathe the voluptuous in tensity and childlike innocence of the spring of cxisteuce ; the lovers themselves arc embodiments of youthful ardour and of youthful purity." Aud this prime quality of fair, fresh youth runs through the whole of Miss Jenvns' impersonation, and invests it with a graee anda sweetness which youth only can sup ply. But so marked is the power aud versa tility of this young actress that, while giviug this accent of youth to the whole of her imper sonation, there is no want of all the strength and pathos of more mature years in the repre sentation of the later scenes. Her Juliet has been rapidly educated and disciplined hy sorrow and trouble. The note of courage and fixed re solution rung out clear iu'her words lo the friar when the potion is offered her, if she lias no fear about its use ; "Give me, give me ! 0, tell uot me of fear!" Aud tbe same qualities of quick perception and flexible power carried the actress successfully through the widely differing requirements of the balcony scene, with its ardor, its tenderness, its trust its eager impetuosity , aud of the potion scene when, after conjuring up all tbe terrors sup plied bv circumstance aided by imagination, she at last, in a frenzy of warring emotions, swallows the drug, and with the words, " Romeo, I come to thee I" rushes to the window frnm wln'nh hnr Invnr wtmn lsi«if aho un<» lilm took his departure. Between the lighter graces of the early scenes and the highly- wrought passions of the later there is a world of difference, but it would be difficult to say in which the young actress showed licr powers to most advantage and reached the highest suc cess. Such a success as this is one of no common kind. It is one full of auspicions promiso for the future. Much, of course, rcmaius to be done. It would be mere trifling with the subject to suppose that an actress of less than twenty lias sonnded all the depths aud scaled all the heights of one of Shakespeare's most marvellous creations. Miss Jeuyns will do well if she continues to discover fresh meaning iu some of these richly-laden lines for years to come. One of the most in structive thiugs in Macready's " Recollections " is the way in which the book shows how the great actor always studied a part anew before pluyiug it, though he might have played it a hundred times before, and the joy with which he mentions of the character, Macbeth, I think, which he played ou his farewell appsar- ail eo, that during his study of it he got ou some of its parts light which he had never seen before. I must also say lhnt some of Miss Jcnyns's posings in her earlier scenes seem to me rather too conscious and artificial, and that there are some crudities which would he the better for toning down. But taking as a whole what Miss Jenvns has already done iu this crucial part, I think we mast regard her as decidedly the most X JiJ A. X A A ALA ft -J J.I1J..V L X X 4 k. considerable contribution Australia lias yet made to the dramatic stage. 1 trust this will not he estimated by the Australian public aia smaller matter than the winning of a cricket match or a boatrace. All those of 11s who can appreciate intellectual triumphs as well as physical ones will watch this young lady's career with no slight interest. She has begun well, and tbo rest must depend much upon herself. If she keeps alive tiic sacred tire of genuinely artistic love of the art she lias adopted— a sentiment which has au enobling and elevating influence 011 even tlic commonest labor — if she works stead fastly onward aud upward, always giviug of her best, and ever discontented with a second degree of success while the tirst degree remains unattained, then I think and hope that an im portant future lies open to the young Australian artiste who has recently made the acquaintance, under hunpv auspices, of the public of .Sydney. 