A PHILOSOPHICAL VINDICA- TION OF THE TRINITY. The following paper was read by Rev. Dr. Bromby at the last meeting of the Philo- sophical Society : Nearly every subject with which the human mind is called upon to deal has its philo- sophical as well as its practical side - and the mun who confines himself entirely to the latter foils short of the dignity to which all men should aspire. Most persons even simple artificers feel a pleasure in add- ing to their stock of practical knowledge some scientific facts connected with it. This elevating habit of mind is, in these days, obtaining more and more its need of ap- proval. Now, the same principle is applicable to matters connected with religion. A man may be in religion a merely practical man, scrupulously and conscientiously discharging all its moral obligations, "visiting the fatherless and the widow in their affliction, and keeping himself unspotted from the world." Or he may add to these practical duties scientific views of the nature and attributes of God, as far as human facili- ties are capable of comprehending them. The prominent point of difference between these two classes would appear to be this: The unreasoning man adheres tenaciously to whatever he has been taught, whether mat- ters of dogmatic belief or of ritual obser- vance. Not allowing himself any latitude of thought, and regarding all speculation as impious, he shrinks from questioning any article in his creed, which has been incul- cated upon bun either in his childhood or at his conversion. He feels it to be pro- fane to do so, and is shocked at any deviation from those modes of wor- ship to which he has been accustomed. On the other hand, the man who takes a more intellectual view of religion, while he cannot but honour such tenderness of con- science in his brother Christian, yet regards such scruples as weaknesses. Indeed, Scripture itself so regards them. For does not St, Paul write, in his Epistle to the Romans, " One man believeth that he may eat all things ; another who is weak eateth herbs ?" In another epistle he warns the intellectually strong not to allow their liberty to " become a stumbling-block to others who , were weak. " But with all this kindly regard for the weak nothing can be clearer than that this apostle highly esteemed the most expansive exercise of the understanding in religious matters He is content indeed to "feed babies in Christ with milk, and not with strong meat," but at the same time he desires to "speak wisdom among them that are perfect, i.e., among full grown men in Christ Jesus (1 Cor., ii 6). And assuredly, my friends, there is much in revealed religion to engage our deepest thought, and to profoundly excite our wonder. There are things even which angels desire to look into (1 Pet, i 12). In accordance, then, with the plain authority of Scripture, our church, with perfect im- partiality, recognises the importance of ab- stract speculation on the deep things of God, as well as of practical religious duties ; and has even set apart one Sunday in the year for the special purpose of reverently dwelling in contemplation on the nature and attri- butes of the Almighty, under the threefold aspect of Father, Son, and Holy Spirit This threefold distinction of the Divine Nature is forced upon our attention in the closing paragraph of the Gospel of St Matthew, in which the eleven apostles of Jesus are bidden by their Master to make dis- ciples among all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit Now, as it would obvi ously be an idle injunction on the part of Jesus to prescribe a formula of words which bad no intelligible meaning, it follows that, when the Divine Being is represented unto us in this threefold way, it be- comes our duty to do our best, to penetrate the significancy of the revelation, but always, of course, with feelings of the deepest reverence and submission, of which our nature is capable. That, then, is the question, my friends, which it has been proposed this evening to discuss the philosophy ot the Christian Trinity. Every question which has reference to the nature of God is of absorbing interest to the rellective and philosophic mind ; and never at any time were such topics handled with greater zest and activity than at the period when the religion of Christ was first promul- gated to the world. The two great centres of religious thought at the era of the Nativity were Alexandria and Ephesus. To the former had gravitated all the learning of the Egyptians, and the accumu- lated knowledge of the Memphian priest hood, to the latter the results of Oriental thought, and the mystic speculations of the Babylonian astrologers, it was at Ephesus that Christianity first came into collision with Pagan theosophy. It was here that St Paul, who was not unacquainted with Greek literature, resided two whole years, and dis- puted daily in one of the lecture halls of the city. It was here that Timothy was commissioned by the same apostle to preside over the Christian Church, and it was here, also, that the Apostle John passed all the latter years of a long life. We see then that it would have been next to im- possible for these apostolic fathers of the church to avoid being drawn into discussions and controversies on the transcendental sub jects ot the time, if only by way of protest against perversion of Christian doctrine. As soon as Christianity had emerged from that Judaistic envelope in which it was bom into the world, and began to number among its converts men of not only de- vout religious sentiment, but of deep philosophic thought, it had to hold its own by argument, and to demonstrate the reasonableness of its dogmatic axioms Thus did it come to pass, before the canon of Scripture closed, that a different complexion had come over the face of religious contro- versy. The struggle was no longer, as in the earlier days, against Judaism, but against Gnosticism and other cognate theories of Oriental origin " We wrestle not (says St Paul) against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness ot this world, against spiritual wickedness in heavenly places. "He is ever warning Timothy, too, against "reducing spirits and doctrines of devils," against "myths and endless genealogies," against "oppositions of science falsely so called" -all terms of a gnostic complexion. Both St John and St Paul seem to have been driven to adopt words from the gnostic vocabulary, such as logos, alwn, plnswma The great difficulty felt by these Oriental speculators was to discover con- necting links between the infinity of God and finite creatures, and to invent ade- quate terms to express new ideas as the controvery advanced. Some ot the theories propounded are puerile in the ex- treme, being nothing more than graduated scales of spiritual existence with fanciful names attached to them. This flimsy tissue from the loom of Eastern imagination the poet Moore has expressed in the following lively fashion. "Circles of light that from the same Unclouded centre swamping wide, Carry its beams on every side , Like spheres of air that waft around The undulations of rich sound, Till the far circling radiance be Diffused into infinity " Well might St Paul designate such otiose trifling as falsely-named "science," i.e. in the original Greek gnosis, "knowledge," from which the Gnostics derive their name. We cannot call these gnostics deep thinkers, and yet the aspirations of some of them were undoubtedly good. Their object was to remove the Almighty Ruler of the universe as far as possible from the pollutions, physical and moral, which are but too apparent in this nether world. Their mental conceptions of such a peerless Sove- reign (based, no doubt, upon the status of an Oriental despot), were replete with solemn and imposing grandeur, while, at the same time, their every day observations of the created world could not fail to force upon their consciousness the existence of evil in all its many repulsive shapes. Their outward senses were incessantly assailed with what was fœtid and unsavoury, and their moral senses shocked by the acts of gross minded and unprincipled men. To interpose between these two extremes the inexpressibly pure and the offensively gross—as many barriers as possible was a natural suggestion of the imagination Hence they conceived of different grades of angelic beings, varying in number according to the fancy of the individual dreamer Basilides made the number of them 365— a very commonplace guess. The series terminated at last in a demiurgus, or, in plain English, a public artificer. This demiurgus they consistently regarded as a perverse and evil minded being, who, for the gratification of his malignant ingenuity and low minded fondness for work, created this material world, and all which it contains. But now I turn to consider another class of thinkers-a class who drew their analogies not so much from the constituted order of human society as from the natural world around them. A larger acquaintance with the nature of the universe brought with it expanded notions of creative power ; and besides, the Jewish mind rejected in toto the notion of a demiurgus fabricating the world in defiance of the Supreme. In the inspired mind of the Hebrew prophets every created thing existed by the fiat of the Almighty -the evil and the good alike. Indeed, at the close of creation the whole was pro- nounced very good , because no doubt it was all well calculated to work out the con- templated design of its Almighty author. But now when men came to study intelli- gently the nature of God, prominent among his attributes was his ubiquity "The eyes of the Lord are in every place, beholding the evil and the good " Great is our God above all gods (is the language of Solo- mon). Who is able to build him an house, seeing the heaven, and heaven of heavens cannot contain him'" "God is Spirit," and that spirit is every- where diffused. Here, then, begins the diffi- culty of conception, because the subject gradually passes beyond the limits of any analogy upon which man can rely. As long as man has any analogy within his experience for his thoughts to rest upon, he may be said to have a definite conception of the subject he is contemplating. With regard to a living spirit, he has his own self to study. He has only to turn his thoughts inward, and there he sees a being endowed with sundry proper- ties and power, and with an ever varying will. But then that spirit of his has a body wherein it resides, and which gives the indwelling spirit a distinct personality. But without a body as a limiting envelope, what human personality could he have? His disembodied spirit would diffuse itself through space like gas, and be every where or nowhere. What notions then are we to form of God, who is a spirit without a body, and exists every where throughout unbounded space. What analo- gies have we to guide our thoughts in trying to conceive of a Being who is everywhere? The first analogy which suggested itself was the wind which bloweth where it listeth an analogy, indeed, which gave to the spirit its first name. But in these days of ours science has disclosed to us the existence of media of a far more subtle order, and much farther reaching than the gross air in the midst of which we live We have [e.g.] the luminiferous ether, which brings light from the sun and from the farthest star, and we have the electric fluid. Now, these media not only contribute their aid in helping us to form some notion of what a higher order of spirit may be, but the companaon of their degrees of energy, as measured by the speed of their undulations, furnishes stepping stones of thought to con- duct us to still higher conceptions in round numbers sound travels at the rate ot 1,000ft per second, whereas light travels 180,000 miles in one second. The speed of light, therefore, is nearly one million times greater than that of sound. And yet the waves of light, with all their mar vellous rapidity, take many years to travel from the nearest star, and hundreds of years to reach us from the more distant ones. But the moat distant stars are close at hand compared with the immensities of space. Does not this fact, then, suggest the existence of media of far subtler energy than light, which shall be agents of communica- tion to angelic essences removed inconceiv- able distances from each other? But even then we are far short of infinity. Nor is it infinite dimension only which we have to add to the vast idea already gained of a spirit everywhere diffused, but also the idea of consciousness and volition in every portion of it, and, what is still more astound- ing to our limited faculties, instantaneous communication from every point of its in finite extent to every other point therein Were we, therefore, to limit our thoughts to the conception of Deity as pure spirit, should we not be in danger of lapsing into pantheism? acknowledging, indeed, a divine essence, but regarding it as working blindly, without personality and without a will Such pantheistic views may be highly philo- sophical, but they by no means satisfy the general instincts of the human soul. The human soul, in its natural, healthy state, looks up to a Heavenly Father, possessing a distinct personality, a distinct dwelling place, and a distinct relation to itself ; and so uni- formly does this instinct operate through- out the human race that the word for the dwelling place of God has always been borrowed from the sky above us. Here, then, we have two persons of the Christian Trinity, the Father and the Spirit. The difficulty consists in reconciling the two ideas together—that of a localised God and that of a universally diffused Spirit. There is, however, a humble member of God's crea- tion which providea us with an analogy to aid our conceptions, which I will here introduce. And I do so the more readily from the con- viction I entertain that many things in nature are designedly created for such purposes, and to furnish us with lessons of great value. Indeed, to go to them for instruction is only a legitimate extension of the injunction of Scripture, " Go to the ant, thou sluggard ; consider her ways and be wise." The creature I refer to is the amoeba princeps. In a state of repose it is simply a mass of sarcode or semi-fluid jelly , and yet it has the power of "changing itself into a greater variety of forms than the fabled Proteus, laying hold of its food without members, swallowing it without a mouth, digest- ing it without a stomach, . . . mov- ing from place to place without muscles." Such is Dr Carpenter's description of the amoeba. Here, then, is a creature which is uniform throughout the whole extent of its own substance, without limbs or organs of any kind, and yet it can, at a moment's notice, improvise whatever external limbs it needs. It can protrude from its gelatinous body finger like extensions to serve for hands or for feet. It can seize its prey, force it through its enveloping skin into a temporary hollow for its recep- tion, digest the nutritive parts of it, and then squeeze out the refuse through the external surface. Its will is not localised in breast or brain, but is everywhere diffused throughout it ; and the whole energy of its being can be concentrated at any point or points for the purpose of achieving a contemplated object Well, I say, does not this creature in its very simplicity typify to us (I speak with the profoundest reverence) that blessed and only Potentate, who as the prophet Isaiah describes him, "inhabiteth eternity, and dwells with him who is of an humble and contrite spirit " Does not this ample creature image forth to us a Being, whose living power and will are equally diffused through the inconceivable immensity of space, but yet, notwithstanding such illimitable diffusion, possesses a vitality and a volition anywhere und everywhere, and who can by a particular concentration of will at any point of space execute its purposes there? The great difference, of course, is the bounding surface -that of the little amoeba ia a diaphonous membrane of immeasurable thinness: the boundary of the Almighty Spirit is immea- surable infinity. It is observable that in the New Testament the universal Living Spirit so long as personality is not required, is spoken of in the neuter gender ; but that whenever a personality is assumed, or any specific function has to be dis- charged, He is spoken of in the mas- culine gender. For instance, in that last discourse which Jesus held with His disciples He is represented us saying to them, " When the Paraclete shall come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the spirit of truth, which proceedeth from the Father, He shall testify of Me " So that this same Spirit, which is impersonal in its abstract aspect, and is spoken of as the Spirit of Truth, which (not who) proceedeth from the Father, becomes at once personal when, as an agent of the Father, it exercises a special function "He shall testify of Me" In the Nicene Creed the third division begins —"I believe in the Holy Ghost, the Lord and Giver of life," where the terms "Lord" and " Giver" sound to our ears as if they were of the masculine gender, but in point of fact they are neuter. So also the clauses which follow in the creed are all in the neuter gender, and should not begin with the relative pronoun "who," but "which"— "Which proceedeth from the Father and the Son, which with the Father and the Son is worshipped and glori lied ; which spake by the prophets " Not, however, that it makes any essential difference in a doctrinal point of view , for this Holy Spirit ia spoken of as evidently possessing will ; and wherever there is a will, there must be personality. In the Scripture view, therefore, while we are called upon to regard the main per- sonality of the Deity to reside in the Father, yet the Holy Spirit being His all pervading essence is replete with vitality and with inherent volition , diffused everywhere, and capable of being separated into dia- tinct personalities for specific purposes It is a singular circumstance also that all those passages in Scripture which are re- garded as test passages to prove the person ality of the Holy Spirit, are written differently in different manuscripts. While some of the MSS employ the masculine gender, the ma- jority of them have the neuter - e g, that passage in John xiv , 17, which the received version renders :—"The Spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth Him not, neither knoweth Him , but ye know Him," in the majority of MSS runs thus - 'The Spirit of truth, which the world cannot receive, because it seeth it not, neither knoweth it, but ye know it" In fact, throughout our Saviour's dis- courses, while a living personal power is certainly implied as an essential attribute of the Holy Spirit yet the main impression conveyed is that of an inherent power of operation, the personality of omnipotence being more especially reserved for the Father I have now a few more words to say in the last place upon the second person in the Trinity, called by St John "the Logos." While the term "rather" ex presses the personality of the divine nature, and the "Holy Spirit" expresses His vital omnipresence, the term " Logos " expresses His wisdom manifested in creation, and in all His dealings with mankind. The Logos is an emanation, so to speak, of the Father, and is of the same nature with Him, acting as His vicegerent and executive officer in carrying every one of His purposes into effect. The name was borrowed, as I have said, from the vocabulary of the Gnostics. John, living as he did at Ephesus all the maturer years of his life, where transcendental topics of this order were being constantly discussed with great avidity, would have found it next to impossible to expound the theoretic truths of Christianity to the learned without employing some of the language in which they expressed themselves. Finding, therefore, this term in regular use among them, which exactly suited his purpose, he would feel no more scruple in adopting it than of adopting any other word in common use, which connoted ideas which he wished to convey. Although, however, the word is new to Scripture, the inherent idea was by no means a novel one to the Hebrew mind , for the rabbis in their discourses on Creation introduced a personal agent under the title of "the wisdom of God." Very careful though they were in always speaking of the Almighty us Himself the Creator of the world, yet they very discernibly had become tinged with Oriental thought on such subjects, probably from their intimate connexion with the Medo-Persians at Babylon. They repre- sented wisdom not as an abstract quality, such as honesty and fortitude, but as a conscious and intelligent personality, acting under the direction of the Almighty, and assisting him in His creative work. Let us turn for a moment to the Book ot Proverbs. The date of its composition is wholly unknown, but there are tokens hardly to be mistaken of the first nine chapters being of later origin than the rest. This is the account we there find of wisdom (viii 22)-"Jehovah possessed me in the be ginning of His way before His works of old I was set up from everlasting, from the be- ginning, or ever the earth was. When there were no depths I was brought forth, when there were no fountains abounding with water. Before the mountains were settled, before the hills, was I brought forth. While as yet He had not made the earth, nor the fields, nor the beginning of the dust of the world. When he prepared the heavens I was there, when he set a compass on the face of the depth. . . Then I was by him as a darling companion (in Chaldee, as a master workman), and I waa daily his delight" And now let us pass on to the books termed apocryphal, which occupy the middle ages between the Old and New Testaments. In the philosophic por- tions of these writings we discover the same idea of wisdom standing out very prominently. For instance, there is a passage in "the wisdom of Solomon" to which the writer of the Epistle to the Hebrews refers, running thus.- "Wisdom is something more mobile than any motion She is an exhalation of God's power, and an unadulterated emanation ot the Almighty's glory. . . She is the effulgence of the everlasting light, the unsullied mirror of God's energy, and the image of His good- ness " Again, in the book of Ecclesiasticus, written about 200 B.C, Wisdom is made to say of herself (xxiv., 9)-" He (i e., the Creator) created me from the beginning, before the aeon, and I shall not fail while the æon lasts." There is no doubt but that we have in these passages a correct represen- tation of the views respecting creation, which the Jewish sages of the mediæval period generally took. The Christian view is given in the Epistle to the Hebrews in this fashion —"God hath in these last days spoken unto us by His Son, whom He hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also He made the worlds, who is the effulgence of His Father a glory and the express image of His person," in which declaration there is manliest allusion to the apocryphal book of Ecclesiasticus. But St John, alter having affirmed that "without the Logos was not anything made that was made," proceeds immediately to add in the most express manner that "the Logos was made flesh and dwelt among us ; and we beheld His glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father " Now, clearly, it is very important in the consideration of this announcement to properly under- stand the term "only begotten." Filial re- lationship implies generation, and generation is always of things of the like kind, but of different personal identity. Every man is precisely like his father in all essential particulars, but he is not the same man. The subject of the incarnation is no doubt attended with immense difficulties, and may well be called a revealed mystery. But still there is no more difficulty in comprehending this mystery than in comprehending how any son comes into being—closely resembling his parent, and yet having a, different will, and differently developed faculties. Thus Jesus Christ, while inheriting in its plenitude the spiritual nature of His Heavenly Father, yet had not the same extent of knowledge or of power. This is manifested by such passages as Mark xiii. 32, " Of that day and hour knoweth no man ; no, not the angels, which are in heaven, neither the Son, but the Father," Luke v 17, " The power of the Lord (ie, of the Father) was present to heal," as without that presence the Son would have been powerless, and could not have acted. John vi, 44, 'No man is able to come to me except the Father draw him." When we bave formed for ourselves some con ceptions (however inadequate)of a spirit univer- sally diffused, and everywhere instinct with life, with consciousness, and with will, we may well suppose it capable of isolating finite portions of itself for specific purposes, with a different personal identity, and with limited powers, and this process may very fitly be designated "generation." In Scrip- ture such generation is not restricted to that of the Messiah as the Son of God. The phrase, "Sons of God," is of frequent occurrence, not always, to be sure in the same sense, nor with the same degree of significance, but even in its highest sense it is applied to all true believers, as well as to the incarnate Logos. St John declares that "as many as received Him, to them gave He power to become the sons of God . . . which were born not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God." Here then we have spiritual generation direct from God, and such generation, if the term is to have any meaning at all, would have like characteristics, although not necessarily to the same degree. The genera- tion, however, of Jesus Christ has a marked distinction given to it, in that he is called " the only begotten Son of God " Now this term " only begotten," in its first aspect, would lead us to suppose that such a son could have no brethren, yet the passage I have quoted from St John, and a multitude of others, prove that this is not the case. There were many other spiritual sons of God ; Jesus Christ was the first born of many brethren. (Rom viii 29 ). It is observable that St John, in introducing the term "only-begotten," employs a particle of similitude. " We beheld his glory (he says) the glory as of the only begotten of the Father." And this particle "as leads us at once to the imagery, whence the similitude in de- rived, viz., to the domestic habits of Oriental potentates. The families of these Eastern monarchs were often exceedingly large, owing to the multitude of their wives and concubines. We read of Ahab's 70 sons, whose heads by Jehu's order were piled in two heaps at the gate of Jezreel. We see, therefore, how very necessary it would he that out of so numerous a family the chosen successor to an Eastern throne should be marked out with great distinctness, to prevent the contusion and bloodshed, which a disputed succession would be sure to cause. Even Solomon had to make good his claim by force Now, by one of the many caprices of language, the son, so chosen to succeed to the crown, was styled the only begotten son, although there might be 100 other sons. In the 22nd chapter of Genesis we read that God tempted Abraham, and said to him, "Take now thy son, thine only son Isaac, whom thou lovest " The word "only " here is in the original the same word as "only begotten," and yet we are told that Abraham had another son Ishmael, but Isaac is styled "the only begotten son," because he was specially selected to inherit the birthright, the priesthood, and the pro mised blessing. In the case of Jephthah's daughter, to whom the same word is applied, the historian, evidently conscious of the ambiguity and insufficiency of the term by itself, feels it to be necessary to add that beside her Jephthah had neither son nor daughter. In the book of Proverbs Solomon is made to say, "I was my fathers son, tender and only beloved in the sight of my mother, " where again we meet with the same word, and here again it does not exclude the idea of there being other children, for Solomon had many brethren by his fathers side, and three are named in the book of Chronicles as his brethren by the same mother also. These examples then will suffice to show the exact force of the word. When, therefore, St John introduces the similitude, "as of the only begotten son of the Father," the imagery by which he is attempting to repre- sent the relationship of Jesus Christ to the Father is that of an exalted prince, who is appointed by the fiat of his all powerful parent to represent him in the government of his vast dominions, whether sitting on his right hand to administer justice on some great day of state, or delegated to carry into execution some important decree in a distant province of the empire There were other sons, but compared with this only begotten son they were of but small account. Such is the graphic imagery, by which the Son of God in Heaven is pre- sented to our apprehension. Many are called the sons of God, but Jesus Christ is His only begotten Son. I have, in the last place, to call your attention, my friends, to the cir- cumstance that Jesus Christ, in speaking of Himself, does not call Himself the Son of God, but the Son of man "He emptied Himself " (as St Paul's expressive phrase is), i e, divested Himself of all His original dignity. In using this particular designation, "the Son of man," there can be no question that Jesus is referring to a very remarkable passage in the prophecy of Daniel, where this phrase occupies a very conspicuous place (vii 13, 14 ) In our present translation it runs thus:- " I saw in the night visions, and behold one like the Son of Man came with the clouds of heaven, and came to the Ancient of Days, and they brought him near before him. And there was given him do- minion, glory, and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and languages should serve him - his dominion is an everlasting dominion, which shall not pass away, and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed " In this passage the Ancient of Days, who would be the Father in the Christian Trinty, is shadowed forth as seated in all the magni- ficence of an Oriental potentate "Thousand thousands ministered unto him, and ten thousand times ten thousand stood before him " And in the midst of this glorious imagery it is that the Divine person we are considering was brought with the clouds of heaven unto the Ancient of Days ; and the description given of him is that he was like to the Son of Man. But that is an unhappy mistranslation. It should not be, " like the Son of Man,' with a capital S, to son, but like a son of man. There is no de- finite article either in the Hebrew or in the Greek of the LXX. Besides, what would be the use of likening him to the Son of man? When any similitude is employed, it is for the purpose of conveying a notion of something unknown and never yet seen by means of some familiar image. But what waa then known of "the Son of man?" Very different was it with the Hebrew phrase, ' a son of man " That form of expression was then familiar enough, and was equivalent to "a human being " Thus in the 8th and 141th Psalms " What is man that thou art mindful of him, or the son of man that thou visitest him'" The prophet's imagery, therefore, is that while these countless thousands of angelic beings are in dutiful at- tendance on the Ancient of Days, there comes into view (whence or how it is not for mortal man to say or know) the mystic Son, uncreate, incomprehenaible, and eternal (aeonian), but in human shape, "a son of man, ' in contraat with the angelic forms around him. When, however, Jesus Christ, in his humiliation, speaks of himself as identical with this august being, he does not say a son of man, but the son of man, because now there is good reason for the definite article. He alludes to that particular Son of man, which the prophet Daniel saw in the awful visions of the night- visions which made his spirit shudder (as he says) within its mortal frame, and which overwhelmed him with unutter- able wonder. This astounding spectacle of an angelic being in a human form, coming with the clouds of heaven, and endowed with dominion, glory, and a kingdom, is the pre figured image of Jesus Christ. But he diveated himself of all this glory. He did not come to earth, accompanied by twelve legions of angels, which he might have asked from his Father, but as the despised and rejected of men. Nevertheless at some future time, the day and hour of which are still in the mind of the Father, and not revealed even to the Son, he will be seen again on earth, not then in prophetic visions of the night, but by every eye. "Every eye shall see him coming on the clouds of heaven with power and great glory." "Then," says St Paul, ' cometh the end, when He shall deliver Up the kingdom to God even the Father, when He shall have abolished all rule, and all authority and power. For He must reign till He hath put all his enemies under his feet . Then shall the Son also himself be subjected to Him, that did subject all things unto Him, that God may be all in all " To understand aright the meaning of such a passage as this requires of us greatly to extend the usual boundaries of our contemplation-to measure the times of the universe, of which we form a part, not by revolving years-nay, nor by successive centuries-but by revolving aeons, those vast periods of time which are ushered in by the birth of worlds, and terminate when those worlds again dissolve, and their very elements melt with fervent heat. 