' Sftetcber, ' . - Indian Slytlis, t ' f \- ' Br < SiSLLi Ocoidehs,"' ' 1 Snonijj yoq pskmo,. whence theso, Btorios— .' Whonso thradlogendsrind traflltlOnS 7 ' ' , ,-' ( ; . , ' ' ' . _ - ll'sito'nld answer, lihbuid tell you, 1 From the forests arid Ibe riralricS. ' rFroiri'ths great lakes of tho NortMorid, ' t ' From the land of tho Ojlb'nays, ; . From the fand of tho Dopotahs. , / : Ireperit.thamaa I hoard them.— LosorELiow. .! . During tbo long; , cold, Wiritei . nights; : the Indfarib gather round too camp-fire, and rotate the woriderf al tales and myths otthslr country. Under tha ' great ; pines, In ' nctl- ever-green ; 'forest of tha ltooiy Mountain region,, by .the blozing light of tbo camp- fire, and surrounded: by-the darkness of night, stands an old man, telling in aimpla language tbo Story , of .Tri- wats, the hare-god, arid . bis : encounter; with Ta-vi, the sun-god.' . The . Indians are' great \- riatore, scd;tell more byaotiim than by warder \- Tha eUeie listen witb , rpvercnce; . whilst ' the . yotingcr menibcrs'ara ofteri'So exeited<:ae - to donee withdolight.or shiverwith fear, aceord- irig' to ihe iriaaento oi "tor orator and' hiS story. ; -- ' The old msri tcUs toem-how_ ln long post times thOsuh god 'To-vl wasfreoto room about too world at plooenre, eeorobirig people when hsoamo.'too near, and leaving- them shiveriog-nith cold when ho Md away in , his cave. ; One day. , Tri-wato, , the ba'rs-god Was sitting round th'o oamp- flro, outo too woode, With his fathily 'gathered round Mm, woitind for tho sun-god to oomo ont of his cavo ang warm' them. . At last they grow tired of wait. : trig," and' ' fell asleep. Tbo sun god then Approached tha hare-god nod -hie family so! near that ho seorohed Ta-wata'. ehonlder. Than Td-vi ran away and hid himself, for lie was afraid that toa bare god Would be angry. Wheri iho. latter woke. np,'and found how badly too Bun-god. bad treated Mm," bo waa vory nngty, aca'dstcrmiricd to 'bo revenged. He travollod for days arid days, meeting with, many adventures, and overcoming many' obstacles. At last ha arrived at thabrink of the world; and ho.- waited -patiently nntil ha should see tho. sun-god. . Presently the latter, .thinking his enemy hsd, gone, peeped out, and tho bore-god ehot an arrow in bis face, bnt tho rays of tbo son burnt too arrow before 'it, reaobed bim! Ta-wats shot again and rigain'without effect, until at last ' ho Bent a magical arrow, which never failed "to resoh Its mark. " This etruok TS-vi tall in tho faeo, and tho sun fell to pieces, ratting too ! whole .earth on fire. Tbo haro-god fled. bot as ho tied toa burning earth scorched his feet, his legs, bis body, nntil at last only bis head was . reft.: Thfa.wcnt tolling along, bnmpiog ovcr rock: and orevice, soroBS - mountains and valleys, tbrongh .deep ravines and abysses. Finally the eyes of too huo-ggd burst, and .tears Rusbcd.forth . in, euoh a flood that it qrionohci) tba fire. The son-god was eanqnsrcd and ha was .enmmoncd. to appear before a eonneQ to await eentenoe. - Tha judges eon. demried him to travel aeross the sky day alter day, on top earns path, end -ho was only , to Ippcsk at eerta.ln times, ;' / ,< . The days; nigbtr,; nionths hnd seasons wore -also regulritod by this oonncik : 'The Algonquin Tace;bava.'tha beautiful myth ol tho Itod-Swau, somowhot similar to too above; Tbey belioyo that ..too hontor .Ojibwa, whilst okinnipg i ' bear, . noticed : that 'too aky gradually .. became tinged With o "bright, .'red/' light; Ho saw ' a Boautifol -rod swan with brflUarit' jplrimago: flying ' across ri":lake; 'ririd tried ">n vain'' 'to'ehoot it; hiarinowa! provipg uacless. Ho" then Mod threrimagio-artowa, only 'succeed-' ingi hoWOver, iri-ettikirig the swan with the third. " Tho wonndod ' bird -flew ;off, fcobly . i fiappiag its-wings; rintfllt sank. at loet under tori- writer. ' Ojibwa . -parsaad the red rivran westward, ; ripd dfaoovmred thit she wristhe fdanghter.pt, an. oldmsgiaia'n. The oid man hid -ioet'hfa sbalri, Whiob Ojibwa forindfor \- him; andpntbaok on hie head. The znagiairin' !then gavo hia , beautiful daughter, .'tho Bod'; Swan, to Ojibwa, ris o, bride, /ami they- ro- ' tarried to' toeparth together. In Lorigfellowf'a "Hiawilha;" this' iriyth'' is referred to" by Iagoo; .too marveilorie 1 atory-tdller, . at : Hia watha's wedding, when he relates the story of V.Tho Son of tho Eyening Stat" : — / . '_/ ; ri Gin it be too son deeoeriding , " Oer tho level plain of water?.- -v. Or thelled Swan flootiug, flying, ri / Wounded by -too magi.o. arrow ? i . Staining all toe, waves with orimson, With the crimsonpl its life-blood, /rifKffig'gStri : '. Shortly after toa Sari had, been oondeinned to travbl aorpea tbo slty, nn'othor connoit woe ' hold to elect a: Monn which' was - to shine daring the night.. ' Whippoorwill, Ood'of tori- Night, was ohosozf to preside ot tMs /oonnoil. Alter a long,debate,.o frog offered: himBolf as a witting sacrifice, ond. was; oboean. Yorions - moRical inoantstione. and1 ceremonies ,;Werc need, ond ho was changed intotho now. Moon. Natrirally' tho Moon gives no ' heat, , being ®®d« out ojt tbo bold body of a frog.",', Tho Dahkotah1. Iridiana 'beliove that the- -Moon jsmade'of.BometMhg good to eat— as. goodi'probqbly/aa green' ohcoso. -When the : ' Moon fa frill, -a great' number pf small imioe commence? nibbling until -toby havo eaten it- all -op. y -A", now- -Moon< toen- begins -to grow untll it is' foil; wheridt is in turn devoured./ , Tbe Dtokotahs ;oonnt thoir mouths by the 'Moon', asfollowe.jp- ' -;r ri 1 I,'- : ,l. ,Witcri,/ariuarp; .toahard Moon.; ri 5\. iaih-vii, Fibiuir<i'i .too. taCoon Moon. . 8\. lafa'wibayazan-wi,' ' March j the eore-cyc', ' , ,, "Moon, ; : \\-"'riri . 4.' Moflookadi wi, April; th'o Moon Iri wMoh thblg'ecsglaycgtis; also called Wokada-'. : 1 1 wi ; 'aud sometimcstWotopophwi, too' ' Moon' wbcn toe etreama ato again /: "-! navigable.- -'/ / r m- fl.-AVojopl.wi; Mow ;;tbo planting-Moon. - 6\. Weiuotcoasa wi, Jaiic; too Mopn wbsn \--otro wherries ore-, red.; . . - 7.:.0aqpcsnpa.-wi, Jftdy ; too. Moon when, .- ohoke,-ohonice;qre ripo. 8\. WasntoreWi, August ; tho borvCEt Mooa; :'.9.Painh'nokcta-wi,1.ffepfci/ibrr';:\too Moon . - when ricb is laid up to dry."' . 10_. Wl-najapl, Octoher ; tha. drying rioo " Moon. 11\. Tokiyuro-wi, Novcmhir; thoilccr-iuttiog ' " Moon. / - 12\. Tohcoapsun wl, Dtctm ier ; too ' Moon, when too deer ehed their horno. / Thalndians havo many mythc concerning Say and Night. , Sahooloraft, in his" Algio llc- Doarcheo," dosoribea: tho; Huron nature-myth, Vconocrriing Day. nnd Night t-r-'l Iosco,'.' sayb ;Tyior,,'.t ccbmo fp bo loskcho, too" White Ouo, : whoso opri tost with his brothor Taniaoara, the Dark Orio, is'ari'carly and moat genuirio Huron' noturo-myth of Diy ond Night. Ioboo andfhls'bieud trrivel for ycriro eastward oud ' bactwiird 'to rcaoh the bud; arid oomo at last . to tho awolling ot Manabozho, neat the edge . oftho 'world; andthcn.a littlo. beyond, to too ohasm to bo 'pacacd - on too way to tho land ol . too San and tho Moon. Tboy begin to hear too sound of too boating sky, and it seethe near at hand ; , but. they havo far to travof before they rcaoh tho place.' When : tha :aky . oamo down its ' pyosauw would. , forco' jjusto of wirid from tho'- oporiing,. so otrong toot tho trr.vcliors could hoidly Uoop . their; fast, ' and ' too sua' passed but c ohort distance above' thcir- hcads. - Tha ' bky ! would oomo down with 'vlolonob; but it would rise olowly rind Rrniiually. ' Iosoo und ono ci hfa friorids stood ucar'tho Odgo, and with a great effort leapt through, and gained a footoold on' too pthor oido ; bnt .too other' two were' fearful and undecided, and when thoir com- : panious nulled to them tbfoughtho darkness, Loop I loop.) too sky is on its way down; thoy looked op, and saw it deBcondiog; bat, paralysed by fear; they sprang soMccbly that thoy reaohed the other eiao with their hands, -ana tha sky at too sama .momont'.etriking violently on thq earth with a tcrribla sound, forocd them into tho drcadial, dark abyss." The 'Ottawa tribesrilsri bellovo'tha Sun rind \- -Mobri; 'to :.ba brother - arid -"Meter, ? "Two Indians, it is''eaid,"oriraijg' torongh a- ohasm in too'eky, arid iound to'etnsolves in a pleas ant, mooniit land. There thoy Saw tho moon o'pproaobin'g aairom behind ri hill ; thoy know hor at the -first' sight ; aha was an. aged woman with "whito face and! pleasing, air. Speaking -kindly to thorn; sho lad thorn to , her brother; too San, 'and ho carried thorn with him in ;his ooursd, ririd sent them home, with promfao.of boppylifo.", There fa an Ottawa "myth - aboat Mana bozho, toe solar god, ambng too Algariquine, wMch tolle ahout hia driving hfa fathbr;.tha West, aotoss mountain and lake to thohrink \- of tho 'world; but ho woe not ribib to Mil bim,s Tbo aonfliot fa. described in Hiawatha"; tho West-Wind or Modjckco'wis' being tbo father. olHiawatbri.; -riri / : '-' ''Than began too' deadly conflict, " 1 Hand to hand among too mountains,- \- Baok retroated Mudjckcewis, Bashing wCotward o'er the monntriins, , v Stumbling westward down the- mountains, ; Three whole dayo retreated fighting, . . Still pursaed by Hiawatb'a, ' To toe portals of tbo.West Wind, . . TO too portals of tho Ssngct, To-ibo earth's remotest borders, : Where into tho ompty spaces " ' .Sinks tbo Ban, as a flamingo " Dropa into bar nest at nightfall' .- 1 , ' In tos molnnobdy marshes. " Hold 1" at length cried Mudjekcowis, ; "Hold, my eon, my Hiawatha I. TiS impossible to kill mo, \- . For yon oannot kill too immortal. : ' I havo pntjon to this trial \- But to know and provri yoar courego." ' In tho Ottawa myth, Manabozho i« called Na-na-bou-jou, and is too ddor brother of Ning-gah-be-ar-nong Manito, too Spirit ol too West, god of too country of tho dead, -in too region ot too setting, sun. This cnc- hero," Manabozho, -when he angled for tho King ot FishC3, was swallowed, canoe rind all ; then ho emote tho monstor's heart with hfa war-'olub till he would fain, havo cast him np into the lako again, bnt tbo hero' set hfa oanoe tact across tho fish's throat inside," and finished claying him ; when the deedmonstcr drifted BBhore, the 'gulls peeked as opening for Manabozho to coma out." - This story Is ikewiso told in "Hiawatha," in too account Of tho Little Moacdo ot the Ojlbwnc. - .Tha Orslbi philosopher; who lives in. a piuhto, knows eomsthiug about orcMteotutn; therefore, ho imagiuca tori world to bo A building, nnd Bevon , ctorios high. . Wo ui euppoecd to ooaupy toe -second story, one bemg below, and five being above. The toiri story is ocenpied by tho rain-god, who sprinkles tbo earth with, rain by dipping a brash made of birds' fe'atherri into too. lakes, oi too skies; Tho Indions who. livo on the olifis b! Arizona boliave that toe rain is sent for tho irrigation ol their crops and to refresh too thirsty earth. In too winter this- god causes a suow- fall by orusMug tho loa of too heavenly lakes, and scattering it o vex toa earth; . - . ' - The' reason why wo oeoupy th'o second etory ,oi this wonderful building is presenicd'in-toe following way by too'Oraibi philosopher. - It tvas eopposea that peopleoriginally inhabited a lower world by means of ;a magioal troo," which 'eorvod as a .'ladder from tho, lower world to thle. Thoy found tho firiririmerit resting low down on; too earth, forming the floor of tho world, and Mafeito, 'one :ot their gods; raieod tbo flruuuuont on his ehonlders to hfa present ptaoe. Hefa'aleo .snpposed' to havo made the moon" out of eeveri baskets of .cotton belief woven by aovon : maidons; and the bits of ootton wMob were sosltercd -aboat "wMlst'toey worked- were, made into stars. Mateito then made a enn to keep tha people Wririni'for thoy complained because the moon was cold. , -Ho-mado tho sun . of tho bair of eeven buffalo robes, ' He / also - appointed' toe? times and season's for tho heavenly bodies to appear fand toe gods of tho heavens have obeyed his commands from too day of Croatian -till toe'presont timo. v According to tho Shoshoni Indiana, the sky. is ios (being oi the colour of ice)! rind, too faU of eriow fa oaused by a monster: sorpont-god, who coils hfa buga book against the sky and brashes the ico dast off with hissoales. That sorpent-god is snppared to bo tho rainbow, aria'tlm'Shoshoni philosophers baliovo it to bo the eerpent-god ol storm, - In tho'.wintor timo'.tha serpent sends snow, and in too snm. mcr timo rain. . .....' \- Sahooloraft, who spent eomo timo visiting among tbo Indian, tribes, relates a story told by a North American Indian prophatess, de- eoribing n vision eho hod of too Bright. Blne Sky, . " At her eolitory faet at: womanhood eho fell into an ecstasy, and at too call of 'hi spirits she wont rip to heaven by tho path '.'w' leads to tho opening in too eky; tnore »j-. beard a voice; and,, standing still; saw' to .gure of a mnn.noar tho path. Hie head uu; surrounded by a beauliul halo, and bis breaal was covered with equates. 'Lookrit mo,' he Said, 1 my/namo is Oihaanaucgeeghick, " the Bright Bluo Bhy,' '! -. flho likofffaa dosoribed ; the spirit as being ornameuted with the hiero glyphic horns <jf power; ! \- .Tho North .Amorioan Indiana. oaiied tiv. Pleiades the JJahccrt, and the morning atai theDay-bringerl Storioe aro told of an Indian who had long gazed on o star in childhood Onodoy it left itB place.in tbo heavens, '/and oamo dowri to tho.earth, aod talked with him, (When hq wen t on t hunting, , and brid poor look, tho Btar would" load hicq to "the place whore there woo plenty of gamo. ' Tho In'dian myths about tba. plourit Venue : ore: interesting." Longfellow '"t«Ua''iii'>,IIia<.. watoo"how.— ' " Tha Star of Evening " Melts and trembloo through tha purplo, ; Hangs ouspended in tho twilight. '. No ;. it is a bead of Wampum - : 1 On tbe robee of tho-Groat Spirit,.-- : - \- Ae ho passes through the twilight, Walks In Silenoo through too licavcna 1 " ./ Then Iagoo, the otory-tollcr, relates- how Osseo, tho con of tho wandering star of Even fug, was -beloved by Owconco, tho . " silent; dreamy maiden," who rolured "all her young and hondeomo suiters," and married— : Old 03GOO, poor and ugly, Broken with ago nnd. weak with cooghing, Always oougBing like a squirrel,:. Ah, but beautiful within him Was too spirit of Ossoo, \- From too Evening Slsr dosccudod.". All tho heavenly bodies, indeed, wore pop. posed to bo human beings or, opirite by ' too North Ameriaan Indiane. Tbo ghost theory "wao veVy obviously held among thorn, riot tho. mere Fetish worship imagined by some modern writero. . ; ' .- . ? . : :."I eurposn Pir havo to -go.; , but, indeed, it wasn't -my fault,'.!- eoid ri pretty servant girl when too mfatreis of. tho house surprised hor husband hogging the lass. "Oh. rio, don't think of going," replied tho praotioal mistress;' !' since you havo been with. us wo aro caving moDoy; - ' My husband remairis in of ovonlngo; watobing fpr ohnuees to hug- yon, nnd' I atay . bomo to watob hioi, /'.Hfa.rsraaining at homo ' fa from 8.1 50 to. 82 in, bis pookot ovory night,' and" I'll want eomo of tho inonoy shortly for ' a now dress, arid there'll bo trouble if I don't ,got it; Most married women will hot have .a pretty servant girl about' tho hou'so; but : when n . pretty ' norvrint girl will cnabio mo to got pretty oiothos I'm willing totnlornfnhrr " ,—rPlnladt>l>hia Daily Urra W,- 