THE SCOTS CHURCH AND THE JIKUJBUURNL' PRESBYTERY. Till CALL TO THE]. REV. GEORGE: DODS. At li o'clock yesterday, the Melbourne Presbytery proceeded to the consideration of the call that has been addressed to the Rev. George Dods by the members and adherents of the Scots Church the Rev 'I W M Gregor (moderator)occupiel the chair, and there were about TO rainfall rs and elders in attendance In fin I do of the hall about 100 spectators. included)"' a in ember of 1 ideas, were seated 'the Rev D M'lerNnt (interim moderator of the Scots Church session) reported that he had preached unto preside i at a meeting, of the congregation on the hut!) but in accordance with, the instructions of the presbytery) There was under the eircunisiuucts it very air attendance numbering horn is) to 600 After the usual probation tries i m men who, submitted 1)) Mr R Smillie nth i seen (led by) Mr Lorimer to the effect that the name of the Rev George Dods should be inserted in the call to the 1111 amendment was, moved by Dr Morrison in favour of "appointing certain atone rs at home to choose a minister for the church I had been there was not seconded and on his pulling, the origin! motion to this vote The mint bulle 01 till enemy held in their minds in favour of Mr lit (Is Only) four hands were held up in opposition to him Messrs Baillie Dick and strachan were appointed by the congregation as commissioners, to support the bill before the presbytery) He now and the call upon the table signed by 17 members of the Scots Church and 14. adherents Hurt were 77 mines on the communion roll so that it would be seen that more than there posite three fifths majority) of the names have been attached to the call in justice to the Scots Church site should be in that 20 of its members were temporarily absent from the colony and to from the city There was manifest enthusiasm in the met tin. when the name of Mr. Denis was mentioned and the people seemed to be very desirous to secure the, services of Mr Dods us their minister At the close of the Matin- Dr Morrison gave notice of complaint and appealed at, mist the calling of Mr Dods. The Rev S Here they inquired whether the signatures to the city had been certified to the Rev D M ID-N/IL replied in the affirmative The commissioners and himself had devoted much time and attention to that matter It was then resolved to hear the addresses of the commissioners 111 support of the call Mr I lUiLi IL (represent Hive of ter of the Scots Church) stated that he had been up pointed one of the commissioners to take the notes of those who eli it to support the call of Mt Doris to the Scots Church A large number of persons had signed 1 that all the meeting, held on the 1 >th ult uni very harmonious one, Mr Dons a 11 not being received with the greatest enthusiasm Mr A DICK US one of the ct missioners supported the call VA ill Mr mills he was very anxious that the call should be sus t lined by the press) to r) because he by The el that the appointment of Mr Di is v, call conduce "re ill) in the pro peril) of the countrymen and to the best interests of the I Presbyterian (returns of Victoria. 1 The members of the press) tery might not be aware of the deplorable condition to which he cont,re- iilioti of the Scots Church for 1 been reduced by 1 the events W.hile formerly) the building, v; s always filled now less than 100 people attended there 011 a Sunday) morning. Such a state of affairs should not be per mitted to continue, and matters would at once be improved li the press) ter) sustained the call to Mr Dods. Man) rich ones too pennies had been made from the members of the congregation as to the Itploiiiblt could lion ot multi-is at present Women complained of the (differences which had arisen in their matches, that s ins and daughters did not cart to no to Scots Church or elsewhere, and that the parents were thus learn, their hold upon them I his mother complained that one of her daughter as had joined the Plymouth 1 retained and that one other sons had lately attended Mr Symes 11 Itetutcs he asserted with the greatest could see that by) supporting this call till press) len vi uni adopt a course which we Uli reunite tannin s and once more bind the temptation to pether is Mr Didswtrt started to hit the pulpit, used id of an empty building, they would have in effective and enthusiastic concert station it was time that opposition had been offered to the appointment of Mr Dods Dr Morrison at the met tiller referred to by the Rev. Mr M'hen/ic, opposed Mr Dods s app moment he would give them 11 little of the history of that meeting Two {.(ntlcmen- most respected members of their con"ni,tition-lind proposed Mr Dods, to of the motion was received with enthusiasm. The prO position was just on the point of being adopted when Dr Morrison stood up and opposed it Although he entered Dr Morrison still there could be no doubt that in Scots Church be was not a man who had the slightest 111 licence He was not regarded as a leader nor was he looked up to in any way) Dr Morrison could not elicit one responsive hear, hear and when he finished his speech at till Hut and dull In spite of that fact, Dr Morrison c rule here in opposition to the votes of the whole country hatter and asked that the oil should not be sustained by the presbytery) did not allow the call, the church won! 1 be thrown Illicit into disorder the congregate >n would be still further divided and neither l nostrums nor the presbytery) would be He father Dr Morrison had st ted that the proper course to pursue was to send home for a new minister Such was the course which had hitherto been pursued but the reason why they had formerly sent to Scotland was because a suitable man can! I not then be found in the colony But is v they had 1 a man approved by the Church of Scotland a man whose credentials were all that could be di sim! and whose ability) was acknowledge 1 b) tin eli ill eli not therefore there was no are at "o out of the colony to secure a successor to Mr strong Jlc bud to M ve an emphatic denial to the statement made by Dr Morrison, that Mr Dods had identified him self with the Scots Church Bepiri tion movement so far from ally 1111; himself with that part) Mr Dods had been careful to let them know that she did not approve of their proceedings He asked them as Christian men and us -gentlemen desirous of promoting the welfare of the church generally), to mist on the < ill now made to Mr Dods by the concatenation of the Scots Church (Chief as Mr YY St 11 Yen was stated that the appointment of Mr I soils would be 1 signal 1 in the return of the oriental Scots Church court tallon No necessity existed for the app hint ment of 11 commission to belief a minister, in Scotland because the congregation had made up their minds that there was a clergyman in their midst who tim were confident would kill the pistol the with -bills) and dying) (Cheers ) The Rev I BAIIYNIINI (dell ) then dead Dr Morrisons complaint as. follows - Scotch College Melbourne. Tel. 18 It) ' to the Moderator of the Session of the Scots Church Rev nut! Dear Sir -I complain of the election of the late George Dods as minister of the Scots Church at I appeal to the Presby tary of Mulbo into for the follow him, reasons - L Because a minister of greater al Hit) even once and weight of character is required horse 1 1 I Grant and prominent a | sit on as that of the Scots church and the most likely way of obtaining such a minister is to send home a coming you to lead, men in the Church of Scotland J. Because, as Mr Dods has i identifies! himself as ltd the past action of the oouiri.atiou In o] 1 Coste on to the church life apt ointment as 11 insts r would not tend to the leven idea of p age of the restoration of cordial relations between the thumb and the centre gatton a. Because in the Judgment of the objector Mr Daisy teaching, with less] set to the essential verities of the of 5th taxation negative an 1 neat tailor Al KX Mo causes Dr MorrisON, in support of his complaint and appeal amid - Moderator,- 1 never rose to speak on any occasion under a greater sense of' responsibility claim I now feel it is no light- matter to complain of much to appeal mistrust, an almost unanimous vote of a meeting of a three unit influential -congress tion I know that the position I take up to date is fraught with, momentous consequences, but entertaining such ation; son v lessons on the subject as here, I won Iel be untruthful were I to shirk the responsibility and therefore I left coiifltruiuccl to oppose the settlement of Mr Dolls over the congregation of the Scots Church and for the following reasons -1 because a minist i of Urente, ability experience, and weight of diameter is required for so important as I prominent a position as that of the Scots Church, and the most likely way of obtaining such a minister is to send home a commission to leading men in the Church of Scotland it is not, in his opinion, for the interests of the congregation, nor of the l.esbstcriun Church, nor of the community at large til it -Mr Dods should be settled in the Scots Church Ml will allow that especially in its present unfortunate circumstances, a minister of exceptional power of ion. and tried experience, and of rare Rifts, is indispensable and should, moreover, be able worthily to represent the congregation in the church courts to md in guiding the counsels of the church and to take a lead in everything affecting the denomination Again, the minister of the Scots Church should be a man who from his ability and his influence, would inlet a commanding position in forming and leading the opinions of our UiriBtiaii publie 1 respect fully express my opinion that in all these respects Mr Dods is not fit for the position and that the most likely was of se even.' the Services of a suitable minister is to and a commission home to the to add "to the four theological halls of the r'stn.llalied Church of Scotland These men IbilloM would have no difficulty in selecting a minister who would Hittiif) ill juries a ' man of high culture and liberal views at the same time, holding and preaching the essen lull doctrines of our Christian faith 2 le mise as Mr Davis has identified himself with the past action of the congregation in opposition to the church, his appointment as munster would not tend to the present cricket pi lee or the restoration of harmonious relations between the church and Congress tion the first official intimation that a I'retble separation from the frosts terian Church of Victoria was contemplated by the li 11 is i t Hie '-Scots Church is contained in a minute of the, board of a regiment of 21st September last Mr Dods was not a member of the home of III movement and it is not stated in what engineer for that Purpose hewn put out at that meeting 1 three class afterwards lecture on tillers of September he was present at a meet, of the court. mon with the full knowledge of the business which was to be transacted 1 uni of the support which the board of m treatment had pledged itself! to give to an proposal for secession Mr Doris was a recognised minister and office bearer of the denomination from which it was proposed to wrest the church and property He was a member of linen c >ii_rec,uUon, mil, us such was entitled to speak it is niLCtin.rt and yet He uttered no carrot c import! nor did he offer the slightest opposition to the proposal he was present also in the following. evening the -' 5th Sep ember, when the motion to apply to laiiiniiieut was put and carried and a loyal to his eli are 11 and true to its colours he would, attestation have felt in honour bound the press and record his disapproval of the proposed action and to join with those of us was no protested against it, and appeared to the presbytery I hold that it through this master Mr Duds utterly is led in his duty to the crime li and Heir 13 ed its trust and list for this reason alone the presbytery should refuse to appoint him as minister of a church whose severance from its connexion and jurisdiction The acquiesced in, and was no pure ntl) anxious to promote I maintain, therefore that in view of these circumstances it we wish to preserve peace and -prevails) to a stole li principles- relations between the church and congregation, it would be expedient to select as our munster me who has been iinc.iinecteil with either parts and commuted to no side Would a bishop of the Church of England, or of home, settle, is minister over one of his contre _ ations, one who had been burnt and glove with the congregation in rebellion best les 1 have serious objections to make to the Duma in which the first steps for n t tin. up a call to Mr Buds were initiated The se steps were to consider of a very imes tion able unconstitutional and impress ten in character For navy lads of 18 months after the church was declared vacant, no steps w hat ver were taken to call Mr Dods but immedi tells alter the pical., less declined to appoint him to supply the pulpit an unauthorised and lifeguards garment well own up, and brilliant s to it were claiming 1, Mt tenth pledging. the congress -future to call Mr Doria before was one kind nil opportunity of submitting. a counter proposal Ihisducu meat was not habituated to nil them moved I felt congregate it but apparent only to those who were supposed to be lay table to take a li I trust the presbytery will continue carefully into this matter before coming to any died ion on 1113 complaint and til it ties will water a tin direct, from Vii Di is whether he was a (ins ant of the steps that were being, taken haven be the case the call is by the laws of the church null and you 1 it was stated at the otigu"allouai meeting is one of the commissioners, who is present here to day, that the congregation is as soon 1111 honour to call Mr Dolo because this brought him from home I am not aware of any private arrangement by the b moral of miiiiagenieiit binding them 111 honour to call Mr Duds Certainly the congregation had not committed itself to any such step when it authorised the board to send for an assistant When did it become bound * there was no word of best, brand 111 honour till the presbytery, In the exercise of us no doubt 1 lights de chile I li appoint Mr Dods to supply the pulpit and the argument time it was bound in honour because it brought him from home is in very unusual ported by precedent in the Scots Church, for the congregation brought Mr stubbs and Mr J unable trout home but declined to call the one or to retain the other a time however 113 these objections are 1 have still more serious ones in His settlement of Mr Deda this must not the Scots t church on in control the character indies denies 01 invite vening which in my opinion, is with respect to the essential duties of the little, native, relative um! iniHitisliieturs At the coii"rc0iitioiinl meeting Ex return was taken to my action the although for two years I had attended I Mr Dods pie thing, I never improved his 1 the does and no! exception u his to acting. on at the eleventh hour Great surprise was also ex pressed d me if 1113 action is 111 even under cate I 1 the rules of debate prevents 1 nee Train reply nig to these statements at the time Here over a contraction of credit. is not a our., of review 01 1113 sections but Moderator I am able to show that my objections to Mr. Dods a teaching are not of yesterday There is documentary evidence to prove that two years 111,0 long before there was any thought of calling. Mr Dods I held and cvprLSsiei in a rule, the many objections to his teaching and that I refrained from making any formal charge or complaint against him hotel) on account of the unsettled state of the long agitated, and the uncertain pi site not us all as I hold moreover that in the or cumstances I would not have been justified I 111 taken. 11 str p so st noun is the bringing of a loan! charge -comes a preacher whose connection with the congregation was also gether uncertain, mind of 11 merely t inform nature Again it seems strange to me That surprise should have been expressed at the conc,ric,atiuniil mt still, with letter needle my opposition I made no secret of 1113 discuss faction with Mr Duels same lung 11. dies soon as I heard that therewith a settled purpose of calling him, I went at once to Mr I printer about nine months ago and authorised him to inform the hours of manual ment dial 1 attitude on the grounds 'that his teaching 11 opp is Mr Dills a settlement of evers stone 1 li It it was due to them to know the course which I intended to follow, and the round 1 was to take up but I must refer now to some ] particulars in which I consider Mr Dels s reach mg vague negative, and unsatisfactory 1 From Mr. Dods a preachinG sin III His sense in which it is in it in the "-t me pleasantly 111 the confusion, is absent and hence the necessity for ULcnerition and the what of the II Is Spain but is no place in it Indeed, the person ellis of the Holy Spun is 11.11011 ii So far as I have heard from Mr Dods we finally- analysis with the chest is to hand, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost except it be in the 'Glory be to the father and to the sUn Vic , Cc 11 for rule which apparently is much to do duty to the declaration of more than one of our leading Christian doctrines I heard Dent) and Divinity of our lord are not so far as I have heard, districts and iiiietpuvoeallv taught by Mr Davis In the connan, 111 Mr Dotlaa teaching our lord holds the same place as other great teachers and is classed with such names as Moses and Paul Luther and! Calvin, Carlyle and Line son - From Mr. Dods s teaching, the dot time of the Atonement, is laid down in our Stiindaida incriminated and our Lord shall in resurrection, it might at all is taught vague unsatisfactory-, and equivocally 1 JNotw itli-tnniline- the numerous | assumes all the Scriptures where We are encouraged to ask in prayer in the name of Christ, I have not, so far as I recollect heard captain From Mr De la presented in the name of the I 011 Jesus 11th world I feel constrained to assert that the whole of lends of Mr D Is s teach this distinctive and rat realistic 1 do island to undermine the palladium of ilolsSnp ture and to obscure the superiority of and miraculous in religion in support of these alterations I am prepared should the press history request to not 1 to what I believe will full) hearing and justify my estimate of the general scope and ten money of Mr Dods s tea Jung Fine 1 scarcely remind the price sisters that even muster of our church is bound by his ordination vow to assert maintain, and even lend its doctrines and that our church contains solemnly bound to see to it that no master is admitted 1 into any of our cousin j. Doris who does not prewich, positively into prominence), there it essen Hal truths of t in Christian 1 nth as these are held by all churches alike 1 therein are pens the presbytery ' 1 sustaining bruises and to decline to settle Mr Dodd our the congregation of the Scots Church He has I M jviituvrriii - What is to become of this statement ' A most serious I is used in been made against one of our brethren 1 areas it is laid upon the table and investigated he will be treated most unfairly (Liners, and clues of "the ) The More 11 visit - The next thing to be done is to hear the commissioners in reply He bet M 0 liivsHc-Hut this is a unique case V must doctrine has been attacked Definite charges have been made against him, and he should have been 111 formed of them Professor McDONALD - It is not right to an) that a man's character has been attacked Dr. Morrison was simply wasting, his objections to the call. It is unfortunate that his statements involve reflections upon the chu butter or another, but still they are simply given as reasons The case must be per- mitted to proceed according to the regular procedure. Mr. It is 111 n- before the Commis Brothers are heard nirepl)-(Criesot "Order," and counter cheers insist upon speaking (Disorder ) The Rev Tosiu'it IKY - I rise to order. (Cries of "The commissioners," and dis- order ). The Rev. D. l'r.YScn -'I line cannot beauty point of order (Cheers ) j The Mom it won -It will conduce to order if the commissioners are heard now (Hear, hear ) 3tr '1 JUiuii, replying to Dr Morrison's complaint said that that "gentleman s recommendation to send home for a minister as the best way out of the existing. difficulty) was a pure mattered opinion Dr Morrison thought be but TWO members of the Scots Church coii_re,ïutioii were of an entirely different opinion Nobody wished to deprive Dr Morrison of the right to express his own 11 union but he should not seek 11 formed that opinion in Clothes tell me members. Ya to Mr D ula salted responsibility for some of the procieltii.soi the board of management he would lil etc opium that Mr Dods never attended the meetings of that body) except it mere pits of its members when his advice and interest of were used I Yv lies The view t Present on those occasions Mr Dod. was of course asked to open the water in- with prayer Hide his lisp visibility) (ii led He took no put wintle ver in the ills sessions of the board and was in no a use responsible for its acts or proceedings. His position of Mr Dods was that it merely opened the meeting in the customary manner, and then remained as a si cat nor w Ith regard to Dr Morrison a estimate of the character and tendency) of Mr Dods s preaching that too was pure as matter of opinion Dr Morrison was welcome to his own views but it should not be forgotten that the e views were Dr Morrison s and his alone There were 100 sits tires to the call the I the persons who so signed type doing t_ pressed their satisfaction with the doctrine and uncle of Mr Dods Mr DICK said it was very remarkable that no one ele- in the onL,rt_ution had defeated mi) treated the alleged objectionable teach in" of Mr Dods to which Dr Morrison had referred So is to be (felt at Suker) was aware Mr Dods s teaching. had been very fit ceptable indeed the land are asked to the lot re.nton till the "real concern is truths of Christian nut)) and had consistent") striven to make his hearers more and more follow erect less (Cheers ) Mr sm\ciiiN desired to add his testimony that Mr De as could not be justly til circled with complicity in any of the proteins of the board of management It was well known that Mr Deda disapprove chief in all of the proceedings of that board Dr Morrison had pi iced a meeting of The board, at which it was state 1 Hutt Mr I Dods was present and at which it was resolved I to tuition Parliament for septic mon Mr Dods was not present it that meeting- and the insertion of his millie was an error on the part of himself (the speaker) in Ina e i] uni) as se. ion clerk Dr Morrison was very glad to hear that explanation I he Rev S louiNSVs desired to know it, before any public mení nita call a document was privates) circulated amongst the ton tution pledging" those who signed it to talk Mr D day Mr sin ten IN stated in reply that such a paper was sir than but one, instance of the It i life members with a view to ascertaining whether the congregation was willed- to call Mr Dxls Mr 1 viini,inrepl) tolioiessorM Donald said he had never seen the d document in question exhibition the church at or Mr Don said he was he of those who signed the document or and Raisin no sense at all but just u me learn of ascertain in" the feeling of the church He believed the) vote in both in b mud to call Mr Duda seem- that that "gentleman had so splendidly kept tlie¿coii"ri"uttoii together inter it had been deprived of Mr Strong's services (Cheers ) Mr Ik In Uni) called attention to the fact that serious charges had been brought til it day by Dr. Morrison against the ministerial character of Mr Dods He would like to know whether Dr Morrison had complied with the law of the church by "him,! Mr D his notice of his intention to un- those charges 1 roll for HtvroLi.- Order that only applies to peruse Charles vii ii II. Iii ill-clad not ask Professor 1 Rentoul mi) thin. 1 professor HONOUR -The question is entirely in levant, and I object to it Mr II i Iii in -I will ask Dr Morrison did he speak to Mr Dads before he until the complaints two years' notice Mou-itviou.-Hie question is irrelevant Mr If 1 Hun- Then I will use it Dr Morrison while holding such objection is, allowed his pupils Sunday) after sunday dunn, two years to inhale the ilíui¡,iroua doctrines preached by) Mr Dods. (Loud lane ha i ) that is a fair and generous ques lion (Cries of No ) The MoiJLitYroi! That question cannot be put the Rev T H - To whom did Dr Ylouisou express his disapproval! two years Dr Morrison -I decline to mention any names in public I will do so in private (Cries of Oh ) | Hit Rev J JIYY - You have made the statement To whom did you make it' I King of "DUST upset him, and ot 0 der ) I Dr MORRISON - M) objections are not of yesterday) You have heard what I have said in my speech I The ley J Hw -I repeat to whom did ' you state your chains to- miss Mr Dods , Dr MORRISON -1 decline to state I will tell you in private The Rev I li vision come into public court and you will have to answer the acres a lion You is list answer the question, to v long did you write and what did you write (Cheers in tones of No ) 1 r lesson M DONALD -It does not concern us what Dr Morrison did two are at/i The 1 to 1 11 as I want to know if Dr Morrison held the views he has expressed in fifty two years ago in reference to Mr Ik Is the MODLHAioit-Dr Morrison has said so The Rev T I'YrwN" -I did not understand so (Cheers.) Dr MORRISON -They are of the same nature. The Rev. J. 11YI.LANI.Y-_,-Dr. Morrison having stated his opinions in support of his complaint fund appeal, it becomes competent for any member to demand that the state- merits shall be submitted us charges, (cheers ) The Rev. Dr. MACDONALD.- Con anybody's of his own knowledge, that Mr. Dods committed himself towards the movement for the separation of Scots Church from the Presbyterian Church of Victoria. 'The MoDin.vioit.-'lhat is hardly a fair question. The Rev. Dr. MACDONALD) -The I am satisfied, so far as I have heard, that Mr. Dods is not involved in the matter. (Cheers and present ' Oh.') The Rev. A. Year said that it would be necessary to have time to consider the state menu that had been mind, that the moon, and he therefore moved ' 111 it the discussion stands adjourned till Wedlick of J) WH'. ' the Rev. Dr. Mvioovvi.n seconded the motion, mill hoped tliitnttlte next meeting Mr Dods would he examined. the Rev J I'xiiL.N.-lh.it must be" done in my case The Rev. W. G, 1 river is submitted that the matter had been held over so long that it could well be dealt with the afternoon he would move as an amendment that the consult ration of (becill be proceeded with. The Rev. I HAY supported the amendment The nature of Dr. Morrison's < burges was well known to the whole of the press ter). Not a single venture had been brought forward in favour or against Mr. Dods, with which the members of the presbytery) had not been previously acquainted In tact, Some of the members of the press) ter) had a private meeting to consider the matter The Scots Church congregation had had this difficulty held in of their hands to the past two years, and during the greater part of that time Mr. Dods final occupants us pulpit with the approbation of the Treasury and the congregation To delay du ding with the call would he delruiienltil to the interests of the church, and would only tend to create further dissent. -All the evidence that was available was in the hands of those men who moved the iidjoiuniiiunt Professor M veins vi.uobjected to be termed " those men " (Laughter ) Mr. IL li Hi ID -I hope that this adjournment is not for the object of holding another hole and corner meeting, such as were a disgrace to the church (Uptonr ) Professor M MCDONALD - 1 but expression must be withdrawn (Cheese ) Mr. R. li. lil II -This is our only constitutional court, and no hole and corner meetings should have been held. (Cheers.) Professor MALDON its What is the "hole and corner meeting.'' (Cheers ) Mr. H. Kit-it) - Last Friday) a certain number of gentlemen met at the Rev. Mr. M'1-icliiaii's house and decided to adopt a certain course with reference to the call. Is that true or is it not (Cheers and dis sent ) The Rev A Yui. Allow me to say Mr. H. R HaD -Is that true or not 2 The Rev. A. YUM.-In order to keep the peace either in press) ter) or in the street, I do not answer all questions which are put to me. but I will answer the question if the press) tery desires it. The Rev. fe. HouNsoN. It is not in order to say that members of this Court have held a hole-and-corner meeting which was a disgrace to the chute!). (Cheers, and cries of '. Withdraw.") Mr. R. li. HaD. Does the moderator wish me to withdraw the expression ; (Hear, hear ) The MoDFnATOit-I do. Mr. R. li. lines will withdraw it. I ask, however, if the meeting was held, for there can be no libel in the truth. (Cheers ) The Rev. A. Yi LEAF did consult my brethren on the subject. I have held meetings with reference to the Scots Church with Mr tiny himself. The Rev. J HAY -. You never did (Up roar ) I the Rev A. .ULI.-I say that his statements true The Rev J H\T-I say it is not true (Issacs and cheers. ) The Rev W viz.- My word is just as good assure. (Cries of ' Order He Rev I Hwa ask him to give proof of his statement. I have never been at a private meeting on the subject with any one man in the ward and I have never consulted anyone about it I unless Mr rule de lines is meeting to mean a remark passed in a (casual was outside I have to tell him that all is he has stated is untrue (Loud cries of Order and dissent 1 The Rev A and I again assert that I have discuss the matter with Mr. li 13 birthnight not the particular phase which to have now had said before, in the Rev W ( Fraser The wet Is which have been uttered ought to be taken down (Cheer" ) Here is a charge nil truth between two brethren which ought to, dcaltvvithliy the 1 resisters tCneBol Oh and Was' The Rev W ALLEN hj 1 have sat for an li me with him in the back room here and have discuss of the 1 ruins of the nuts on the lies I iUi - You never have done so (Cries of Order r and cheers.) The Rev Dr M veins via This all arises out of 11 disinterred incline. (continued up Nisbet I M AntitsiTiiv -W Benn statement is denied 03 1 person the denial is always accepted I (Shouts of \011_ei1ae and Hill hear ) The Rev D S J 1 ACHES No member of the presbytery should describe the statement of a It How member us here, in an truth (Cillers Such It remain must not be tolerated and whether Mr Lang is right Bowron he ought not to li ive Used it Cheers ) The Rev T Nisbet Mr and made the charge He bes D S M J venn VN - I insist that Mr Hay is not entitled to make a statement 11 another minister that his remark was untrue The Rev I His-I did not do so (Cheers and cries of You did ) Mr. li JL inn-But Mr The is the aggressor Will lit. v. under v. his statement is rate (eileen.) The Rev V "V. 111 -1 will withdraw within. (Cries of You ought to do so I I have had meetings with Mr Hal and other gentlemen (C Cheers and dissent ) The Rev. 1 is vi -1 is no Mr V H Hill filling dispute is childish (China ) The two gentlemen meat issue 011 unite different points SA that is the good of "us, on with this unseemly wrangle (Cheers ) The Rev D S Mc vain as -I concur with that remark but one master -hand 1 not describe the statement of another as best I untrue (Cheers ) The Rev 1 11 w -I said that it was an untruth I do not accuse him of telling a lie Cries of 'Oh ) the Rev D S M 1 ACIIIIAN -I will not let the matter chop and 1 will move That the words uttered by the Rev H Hasell lines c. to the Rev A S rule he take 1 du vi the sad wet Is bear, that the statement made by the Rev.. V Rule to the effect that he a The I a IIIOLUIIL, we are these Mr has and had di cu I II e .-cot-.Chuieb (Cries of Let the matter rest ) The Rev V Vin -Oh let the matter drop I do not give a hint to save the hay J Jlw - On we had better at the hands over it (Cheers ) I did not mean to impute that Mr. Hull told a lie (I heard ) The Rev D s MI tennis- I am astonished that Mr. lily does not withdraw the statement The Rev I M AiiniNiTin-But I submit that Mr Hay has a perfect right to describe a statetment to be untrue if he believes it to be run in; (Cheers and dissent ) The Kel 1 I'll Fix -It is calling, a man a Im Hicks T M ADTIINITHV-Itianot The Rev 1 l'Ai 11 N - It is ( Order ) The Rev J M Anderson -A man who does not make a bet incident intentionally as there is not It li in the lies I It is an ass says that the statement is not true The Rev 1 Judy - I hope that Mr line will end this discussion, because he I the only man who can do so Business cannot be conducted here unless a man who makes a rush statement has the manliness to with draw it (C he is ) the Rev I li visit did not make the first charge (Cheers and dissent) 1 refuse to he put III the position not being a disturber of the peace (Cheers.) I said that I had never had meetings with Mr Vale, and when he stated that he had entered with me 111 the rooms attach" to the Press ter) hall 1 said til 11 the 1 smile was not true A v Glee -You said it was a lie (Cries of "Jvo ) 1 he Ives T His -1 did not do so I am not imputing motives, and I only ask that the statement which Mr rule made may be with drawn The pertinacity of Mr W L relieving 111 the matter look alike continuousiriitmon (cheers. ) He lies in 0 Inverurie is not tired throw the whole of the blame upon Mr Has (Cheers.) Professor IILNTOCL.-Hie with undue should not have been used, as it is accurate chart of Hist hood Mr II i 1 1 in -the charge comes from the outside Mr A rule was the ut,e,rcssoi (Cheers ) Hie 1 1 v S Horns ox seconded the motion tabled by Mr M 1 admit because the offensive word ought to have been with drawn The MoDEitsiote-AVili Mr Hal svltliiltavv the words The Rev T Hw -I shall not have the matter forced down my throat is Mr J me will withdraw his objeitionuble'atatemetii then I may also withdraw the Rev A Y cn richer I said that I had held meetings with Mr Hill I did not state that it was a summoned met in. xv o have discussed the matter at chinee met the over and over again The Rev J H w If that is not as I stated long ago, then Mr >. me is quite a meet Professor 1ÍKMOII_1 hut is not a with drawal of the statement The Rev W L 1 FRASER-The motion should be time Mr Yates words should be taken down, because he was the aggressor The Rev A . in,- the matter had better be allowed to drop The Rev 1) b Mr VCHIIAN - It Mr this does not still assert that she statement was made The certainly can withdrawing 1 mark is not, the motor will have to be put the lies I Uvv -His words include 1 111 the motion are not the terms used by me His motion was then put acidity is found that the voting. was true it 10 numbers value, on either side A number of members n t lined from voting. either was the ( liairtitangavc his casting v steadiness theme mi J he is lion that the hearing of the case be adjourned until we Wednesday next was agreed to ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 