THE Detective's Dream By Waif Wander. (W, W.) It is years sinoe I dreamt that dream, yet scarcely a Christmas oomea and goes that I do Dot many times recall it. Perhaps it and the events which followed, made a deeper im pression on my memory because I was at the time barely recovering from the most serioUB illness I ever bad in my life, and was un hinged both in body and mind. The doctors had insisted on change of air and scene, and I had got leave from my superiors, but where was I to go? The bustle and noise of a summer ecocide haunt would have driven me wild, and I had not a single friend in the country that I could take the liberty of offering a visit to. One of the unexpected coincidences we so often meet with in life, and which good folk are fond of calling providential, solved the difficulty for me. I met in the street Albert Pemberton, a young University student I had accidentally been able to help in a not over re spectable mess he had got into in one of our Town slums, and biB good-looking face beamed with pleasure as he recognised me. Good heavens, how bad you look, Sin clair," he cried, " I only heard by the merest aooident tbo other day that you had been seriously ill. I was just going to hunt you up—upon honor I was, to ask you to accom pany me home for the holidays." " Home with you 1" I said " why I am a perfect stranger to your people. I could'nt have the oheek to quarter myself on them un invited, and what a ciianse there is of them inviting a detective to Werrimona 1" " How proud you are; but vou're wrong, for I have an invitation for you in my pooket, I wrote asking leave to ,take you up with me, telling them, you may be sure, that I was greatly indebted to you, Sinclair, though I daren't enter into particulars, and there—you can read the paragraph if you like." "Mrs Pemberton is very kind,and I am very grateful," I said as I returned the letter " but you are going to have a wedding in the family, and I am quite unfit for any festi ties." " You need not even share them unless you wish. Evelyn's wedding is to be the quietest you oan imagine, but you need not even seo the oeremony unless you choose. I have settled it all in my own mind, old fellow, you shall have my room; it iB a regular baohelor's den with an entrance of its own—you oaD oome and go without a soul being the wiser. Now you won't say no ?" I didn't say no, I went with my young friend to his home at Werrimona, and there I dreamed my dream. Werrimona was and is one of the loveliest spots the eun of Victoria shines on. "It is a nest of verdure among the hilla that slope in aroundit leaving broad openings here and there that the eye may wander to the blue , moun tain pasks in the far distance, or rest on the shimmering] windings of Werrimona Greek. If the whole country had been searched for a peaoeful spot in whioh one might rcBt and en joy, with^a thankfuljjheart the beauties of God's given earth, none fairer could be found than fair Werrimona. Mrs Pemberton bad been long a widow, and wbb a sweet-faaed, motherly woman, who set me at my ease in a few friendly words; to Evelyn Pemberton, her only daughter and the eoon-to-be bride, I must devote a few more words. I never understood the girl from the first, though Bad after events taught me an explana tion of muoh that bad puzzled me. She wbb very beautiful, no one could look in ber face and not acknowledge that, she was twenty ono, tall, and slenderly built, but of admirable womanly proportions, and she bad the most perfeot, though slightly peculiar, taBte in dress. Her hair and eyes seemed of almost the same hues—brown with gleams of gold in them. The former was abundant, soft and wavy, the latter large, heavy lidded, and fringed with deep lashes that made a notioeable feature in ber faoe. Her mouth wbb, I think, (fee sweetest I ever saw, and in her rare smiles the rich lips afforded a glimpBe of teeth regul.tr and white bb rows of pearls. Yob, Evelyn was beautiful in spite of the, almost total absenae of color in her face. Her' complexion wbb of a delioate creamy hue, and only in tare momonts of excitement a pale rose tint appeared for an instant in her soft oheeka. The very first time Evelyn Pember ton's eyes rested on mine in a deep, and al most solemn gaze, I felt a strange thrill through my whole being—a thrill that had something of a shudder in it, though the warm summer sun was bee.ming down on my bare head as I bowed before her. It was not until after I had seen ber that I felt interest enough to question Albert as to whom she was about to marry. He had been initiating me into the comforts and peculiari ties of bis den, which be bad, as he promised, resigned to me, and a little fatigued with the journey, I seated myself in a chair near the | window to enjoy the wild view of hill and dale it afforded while we indulged in a smoke. " Well ?" be asked, " what do you think of the mater and Evelyn ?" " I think you are a happy fellow to have such a mother," I replied, 11 and that you ought to try and lead a life worthy of her.*' ."Don'tbit so bard old fellow 1" be said with a becoming flush rising to his brown •heek," I'll try bard for the future." " My dear Pemberton, I assure you I only spoke in general terms—1 bad no intention of recurring—" "No," he interrupted, "I am sure you hadn't, but a bad oonsoienas you know. But you haven't told me what.you think of my sister yet," II She ia very beautiful—vory, may I ask who it ia she is going to marry, Albort ?" "I should think you may; why you'll meet him at dinner to-night—that is if you don't B refer dining here—I promised you perfeot berty you know." " Thanks, but I mast not be too exacting or selfish, I must make the acquaintance of Misa Pemberton's intended at all events, I have gathered thpt be 1b a neighbour ?" I "Yes, bin station is only two miles away, and he is one of the nicest young fellows in the world. If there is any fault to be found with him it is his youth, be is the same age as Evelyn—but that yon know, will mend. She is a lucky girl to hook such a h usband as Kingsley—Oharley is amiable and wealthy." " Ana is devoted of course ?" •' Oh, of aourse, that goes without saying but I don't mind telling you, Sinolair, that he's fat easier satisfied than I should be in biB plaoe." "As how?" " Beoaase Evelyn is so oold—if I was going to be married to a girl I'd expect her to seem happy at all events." " And( don't you think your Bister is "'She says she is. But, oh heavens, Sinolair what's the use of trying to understand women ?" added the nineteen year old oynio, " I don't suppose they're ever of the same mind two months together." " I hope you have no reason to inoludo Miss Pemberton in that sweeping accusation," I said. " I have then," was the short answer, and the young fellow bont hie brows gloomily and pulled hard at bis cigar ere he spoko ag ain. " I know that you're a safe card to talk to, Sinolair, I oan trust you to hold your tongue if I say to you what I wouldn't to another. You see the mater and Evelyn look upon mo as a boy, and I'm out of tho running in family consultations, but I spoke up about Ned Cor wyn before things had gone too far, and I got snubbed for it." " Ned Gorwyn ? ", "Oh, you don't know him, he's another neighbour, a sohool-mato of mine, and of "IttWi loo, lor that matter, though he ia ghl was spooney on a fellow Evelyn was on him, and by Jove it was mutual, be worshipped the ground bIio walked on." "Is he dead?" I asked, thinking I bad found a solution of the mysterious sadness in Evelyn Pemberton'aeyes, . " Dead? not be 1 the poor fellow's taken it like a sheep, and iB the mater's right band man. You will see him at dinner to-night too," ? " Am 1 to understand tbas your sister was engaged to this Mr. Corwyn, and that it was broken oft in favour of Mr. Kingsley ? " " That's how I take it, but as a matter of fact I know jiothing positively. I tell you I am only the boy in this establishment, and am not trusted with the family secrets. _ I know that I used to chaff Ned about being my brother, and be liked it,'and all at onoe it was as much as my life was worth to venture a bint at such a thing," 1 fell rather curious to see these young men wbo were to meet on friendly terms under suoh peculiar cirouroBtanoes. The low sun was shining in (.he drawing-room window at >\ errimona when Mrs. Pemberton introduced me to them, and my first idea .in connection with either wad that I was disappointed in Kin&sley; as a liiisband for the queenly Evelyn. He was simply i fair haired and empty-headed boy, full of chafer and vanity, good tempered, doubtless, and iroud of his beautiful fmne6e, but no more suited as guide, guardian, and companion to siiob a woman than a school boy of twelve. \ Edward Gorwvn waB a totally different stamp of man. \ I daresay be was twenty seven. He was tell and Btrongly built, yet gentlemanly—naj, distinguished looking. I have seen suoh a inan in a cavalry regiment, with a sword in b\s band, and the oir of one born to do great deeds. What could be the secret influenoe that forced Evelyn Pember ton to disoard suoh a man _ for a common place boy suoh as Charlie Kirigsley ? And yet when I hiil engaged in conversa tion with him, and beBn some time in his com pany, I began to think that the grave gentle ness of Edward Corwyn might hide a terrible will and fieroe passions. Not that bo revealed this in words, but I once or twice saw a flash in hiB eyes, as they turned towards Mise Pemberton, that haunted me. In his imme diate attentions to her be was only the smiling and attentive old soliocJ-fellow, and he treated Kingsley as a man would a favoured brother, lightly and half mockingly: it was only when ho momentarilly forgot, his role, that I saw tho dark grey eyes flash with an ominous Are. i I watohed Evelyn olosoly, but saw nothing to guide me as to her feelings in the dignified oalm of her beautiful faco. _ She aocepted tho attentions of her intended in a queenly woy that seemed natural to ber.| Her grand eyes were turned on him, otj Corvyn, or on myself with the same quiet Btuile.' She was like a beautiful piece of mechanism, wound up to play a oertain part, in whidt it was impossible Bbe should fail. / Onoo or twice I saw thepiother'a eye glanoe anxiously towards her, ani onoo I saw that Evelyn's eyse mot those of her motherland an swered the anxiety in theiji with a smile. ■ It was a tame ovening altogether, in spito of the young people's musip, and I was glad when I got baok to Albert's room, and was onoo more seated by the open window look ing out at the moonligbl lying in patohes on the mountains, and silvering tho nearest foliage with gleams among the ohades. I was contrasting tho solomn ^uiet of_ this night scene &t; Werrimona with the glaring gas and noisy streets of Melbourne at that hour, when the floor opened and my young friend Albert entered. ... " I guessed you would not b,o sleepy Sin olair," he Baid aa he dropped into a ohair op posite me, "this ia an early hour for fel lows UBed to town life. I won't be in the way, eh?" " Not at all," I replied On the oontrary, I am glad of your companionship. This—" and I pointod to tho gloomy shadows among the silent hills " is depressing, to me—it is like a land of ghosts." ! \ . r„ , . " Aye, after town ij in qmct. Bat, Sinclair, I've got news for youj-our wedding is to oome off sooner than we expeoted." "Sooner?" i .'•? "Yes, you know it Was settled for the 29 th,. but it seems that Charli« has business press ing in Sydney, and he's ooaxed tho mater to let the marriago take place on Christmas evo.V ' I' . . " And your Bister has oonsented 1 "It seems so• 1 didn't know it until to night, but it seems evarything has been put forward. By Jove its a (pod job I brought my war-paint up with me afler all I " " You are to be best mdn, of course ? " " Yes, and Miss Emerson is to bo brides maid. It's not Charlie's fault that it's to be such a quiet affair—he,| poor fellow, would willingly have Bpent no end of money on it, but its ono of Evelyn's fads that she's to bo married like—like, a machine girl, by Jove! " I beard a good deal absufc the arrangements before Albert left me, ani I Bttt there thinking over them and enjoying (he quiet long after the household had retirol. The rustling of the lonely branches on the darkening hill-sido had a woird attraction far my' unaccustomed ears—the voiceless air breathing on my face seemed to bring new life into my veins, yet withal even my hardened soul felt, as I had told Albert, a'solemn depression that was half fear in the lonely night soeme among the Wer rimona Hills. I had ruen, and was about to olosc the win dow, when I saw a woman's form gliding among the busbos a little distance from the baok of the house whero my room waB, and I naturally stood still to watch. I had no light, for I had put out the lamp on my first en tranoe, so bb to enjoy tho full beauty of tho oalm moonlight. The woman did not go far, she stopped under a troe a little way up tho side of the hill, and was quiokly joined by a man. The latter was tall, that was all I oould be oertain of, though my eyes were I keen Ironi years of jdoteotlve duty, but the< ! woman 1 had a nearer view of before eho disap peared. • r. , Tho interview was a short one, and the female hastened baok towards the house. Onoe she turned to look baok and satisfy horBelf that her oomponion hod gone—it was as Bho turned again and movod that her face and figure crossed a ray of moonlight and I saw them both. It was a short, active girl of twenty, throe or four, apparently one of the maids, and disgusted with myself for watch ing a servant's. interview with some rustio lover, I olosod the. window and went tobed. I slept well and was out in the garden be fore any of the family had made their appear anoe. Shortly after, however, Itvas joined in my stroll by Mrs. Pemberton, who in her tasteful morning dress of pale blue looked young enough and happy enough to have been the proBpeotive bride herself. She was evi dently in a happy mood, and soon tho conver sation drif tod to the subjeot that was doubtless nearest to her heart that summer morning. " You have heard of our change of plan, dear Mr. Sinolair, has soon as I am to lose my Bvfilyo m Yea, Mrs. Pemberton, Albert told me last night. Fortunately.it won't be for long. I understand that Mr. Kingsley's place is only a oouplo of milea away." t . " *ob indeed, it is most fortunate for. me. And to bo the mistress of such a houstr as Kingsland is a position that any mother might be proud to see her child fill.' . • " Miss Poraberton would adorn tho highest position, my dear madam." ¥ _ " Thank you, and Ido hot think I need fear your words aro intonded as flattory. Evolyn, is a boautiful woman and a devoted daugh The poor mother's voice broke as Bbe uttered the last low words, but sho recovered heraolf and wont on. " I do not mind saying to you, who are suoh a valued friond of my boy's, that Evelyn^ ohoioe has relieved my mind of a great weight. There wasatimo whon I feared that early associations migKt'Jiave biassed lier affections A widow left with but ft poor provision for her children has a groatrcsponsibility to contcnd with; but, thank heaven, my troubles arc nearly over, Kingaley is not only a wealthy young man, but the eoul of generosity I" Her troubles nearly'over I many and many a time after did those words of the unhappy mother recur to my memory. It was the twenty second of December, only one day intervened between us and Evelyn Pemberton's wedding morn. At breakfast that morning there was only the quartette, Mrs, Pemberton, Evelyn, Albert and myBolfj but both young Kingaley and Corwyn put in an: early appearanoe, and plans were formed to visit Kii'gsland and inspect the improve ments the young fellow had effected in honor of his bride. I excused myself from being of the party ou tbe;ecore of my recent illncBS. and when I bad seen them oil I strolled up tho hill at the baok (the game which faced the window of my room,) and throwing myself on the warm grass under a tree, prepared to enjoy a dolor far ninntr which a hard- worked D. must of ait men appreciate. I wan wondering if Evelyn Pemberton bad been influenced by her mother to discard Edward [Corwyn for that sbaliow-patedlad Kingaley, when I happened to see, shining amongst the grass'ne&r; the elbow on which I was leaning, a stud set in: onyx. My eyes are, as I said before, professionally sharp, and I recognised it at onoe as one of a set worn by Corwyn on the previous evennig. All at onoe it flashed upon me that I was under the very tree where I had witnessed tho moonlight meeting, and that Corwyn's must havo been the tall male figure that had formed one at the appointment. Who oould have been his companion, and for what purpose had a midnight interview taken place ? If for a moment I doubted the honor of Miss Pemberton and believed it pos sible that sbe bad accorded a clandestine' meeting to her discarded lover, I remembered in tho next that the woman I had seen return to the house was ehort of figure and vulgar of face and oould not possibly have been her. I was going to put tho Btud in my pocket deter mined to say notbiug about it, but lot my disaovery oonoerning it bo the result of chance, when I saw the very girl who had had the midnight appointment coming from th<f house in the direotion of the hill. An idea that Corwyn might have managed an opportunity to inform the girl of hie loss made me drop the stud in the grass again and rise from the spot before she saw me. I did not go far—I only dropped on the grass behind a shady duster of young she-oakB and watched the girl. There was no douht of it—she was search ing for something, and at last found what Bho sought, and went baok to her housework witb a ligbt stop and, aB sho{ fancied, unobserved, My knowledge now of the faot that Corwyn was capable of a low intrigue with the servant of the woman he had onoe loved damned him at once in my estimation. The man that could do bo was a low villain no matter how noble or gentlemanly the appearanco with which he deceived a shallow world; when some hours after he sat opposite to me at dinner, with the unbroken set of onyx Btuds on his person, it would not have been prudont for me to have expressed aloud my sentiments in connection with him. The following day—the twenty- third—I had almost entirely to myself. The prospective bridegroom had been forbidden to put in an appearanoe again at Werrimona until the marriago ceremony had been performed. Evelyn herself was, of oouree, invisible, and Mrs. Pemberton full of business in preparing for the wedding breakfast and supervising hospitalities. I rambled about the hills moBt of the day, with Albert'n gun in my possesion, though I was not guilty of muoh bloodshed in consequence of carrying it, and I shared a Boramble dinner with Pemberton and his mother as evening fell. Mrs. Pomberton was in high spirits, and bo naturally was my friend Albert. " I'mJ dead tired 1" the latter oried and I'll have to turn in early it I'm to face the ter rible oeremony to-morrow morning in my beet bib and tucker I" " We'll all have to turn in, as you oall it, early ; there is plenty to be done in the morning, and we muet be up botimes." I wonder what Evelyn means to allow me for this lot ? By Jove-she has fine timeBof it hiding away in her own room while wo are slaving to death 1. Whatever is she doing, mater?" " My dear, a young lady on the eve of her marriago has many things to do. She hsB to pack for her trip to Sydney, and to arrange her wardrobe generally. And you know Evelyn has no maid, but Milly Werner has been helping her all day." Milly Werner ? was that the young dame that met Corwyn at midnight on the hill? if so, a pretty treacher ous maid had Evelyn Pomberton ; or, after, all, was it a faithful oonfidant? I felt very unlike sloep that night, and knowing, the result of tumbling and tossing about on a sleepless bed for hours was likely to be, I determined not to go to bed at all until I had worn myself out sitting up. It was about eleven o'olook when I came to this oonoluBion, and all the house was in the most perfeot stillness, I had taken a book in whiah I was interested into the drawing room early in tho day, and the idea that I should liko -to finish it took poBaession of me. Believing that every soul in the house had retired, I took up my lamp, and making aa little noise as I oould, Nought the drawing-room. The door was ajar, and the room in dark nesB, save near the windows, through which a flood of moonlight was falling. I had taken possession of my book and was retreating, be fore I noticed a female figure standing in a window-recess with one of tho drooping laor ourtainB aaught and held back in hor hand. At the first glance I knew it was Evelyn, there was no mistaking that graaoful yot majestic form. She must have heard my movements even at tho moment I saw her, for she turned her faoe towards me quickly with a frightohed air. Never oan I forget that beautiful faoe with the whiteness of death on it, and almost the shadows of death beneath the heavy eyes. Let me try and describe her as I saw hor then, before the terrible after events made a horror of the memory. She wore a half-fitting wrapper of white oaBhmere, with a heavy silken qord and tassels tied round her slender waiBt and in loops at her left side. Her golden brown hair was gathered baok in wavy and glossy masses, and fastened with a large oomb behind, beneath whioh loops and long treBBes fell down oareleBsly on her shoulders, Hor small slender foot, as it peeped from under the oashmere skirt, showed a white silken stooking and shoe of blaok Batin; and that was all—there waB not a bit of laoe at her fair neok or wrists, or a ring of gold on the perfeot fingers, " I beg your pardon, Miss Pemberton," I apologised, " I am afraid I have startled you, Indeed I should not have ventured from my room if I had not believed every soul in the house abod, I oame for this book." ■ "Do not apologise," she replied gently, "I have no business here indeed, and mamma would be very angry if she know, but I wanted a—a last look." " Oh no, MiBB Pemberton; though you leave homo to-morrow it is only for so snort a time that you will not miss it out of your life at Werrimona." " I do not know"—she returnod as she shook her head Badly, " I feel a presentiment that when I loave my mother's homo it will bo never to return to it again." " You aro nervous, my dear Mius Pomberton, and unsettled, when tho sun shines on your wodding morning you will forgot all this de pression. " " I hope so." Somehow I felt liko lingering, though I was quito aware that good taste would have dedi cated my immediate retirement; but I had some excuse while thoBo grand oyeB lingered on rne with a sad solemnity that stirred me to the soul. Impulsively I advanced towards her and put some of my feelings into words. Mifia Pemberton, do not be angry with meL was something troubling you greatly—ia there anything in the whole world I' can do for you ?". " There is no one without trouble, not even a young girl like me," she answered steadily, " but my trouble, if I have one, is one o! my own making, and no one oan help me.'Thank you all the same, dear Mr. Sinclair, some day perhaps " " Some day ?" I repeated as she paused. " I hardly know what I was going to ex press, Hver since I looked first into your face I have felt as it there was some strange, solemn tie between us, ub if one day my life, my honor or my good name would lie in your hands A queer feeling, is it not 7 but I was alway a strange, dreamy girl, and never thought I would be a long liver," " God forbid that there should be any foundation for suoh fears I" I cried earnestly " but if ever you plaoo a trust in my hands I will redeom it faithfully or die I" " Tbank you truly. And now let it bo farewell—I shall not have a moment to Bpeak to you again." She put her hand in mine bb I murmured a " God bless and make you happy," and she left there while she repeated the " Farewell," that rang in my ears for many a long day after; and so I went back to my chamber leaving, her, still by the window, with the moonlight streaming on her. pale face and white-robed figure. My book was after all of no value on that night—the last that should fall on peaoeful Werrimona with a shadow of content. It waB far on in the small hours ere I undressed, and then it was to lie and wonder at the sorrow^ of the beautiful daughter of the house, the bride of to-morrow. I slept heavily at laat, to be aroused^ by someone trying the handle of my door aB if to gain entranoe without knocking. Seeing that the Bun was shining brightly, I bounded from my bed, threw on some garments and unlooked the door—the first glance of Mrs. Pemberton's white, frightened face was enough to show me that something ha<^ happened. "Oh, for the love of God, come and help mo, Mr. Sinolair!" she whispered tremblingly, " Evelyn has gone : oh toll me, tell me what I am to do 1" " Gone; what do you mean ?" " Let me in, I don't want to let anyone know—yet, I went to her room early, bo as to get Evelyn up and ready in time, and I found that her bed had never been slept in I I have searched in the house and garden—every where! but I oannot find her; oh God I what shall I do ?" " Hob she taken anything with her ? made any preparations for a journoy I mean?" " Not that I oan seq—her wraps at all oventB are in her wardrobe." " Let ua go to the room, and be as oalm as you oan my dear lady—if Miss Femberton ia lost we will find her, be assured." The poor woman led me almost blindly to the ohambor of the lost bride, tears of terror and agony rolling over her blanohed cheeks. It waB a now experience to me, and a pitiful one, this entrance to a girl's chamber where all preparations had been made for hor happy bridal morn. There wero two beds in the apartment, and both were hung in pure whito lace looped. with pale blue silk. On the snowy counter- i pane of one of theBo the bridal garments were spread daintily—a trailing robe of white silk almost covered with rich laoo, tho bridal wreath, the bridal veil. All the little acces sories to a perfect toilet lay in order, the silken hose, the white aatin_ boots, the long white gloves, the golden and jewelled bouquet holder that had been a gift from tho bride groom. The ghoBtly attire had, under the oiroumstanoes, a weird look—it was as if a dead bride had slipped from her wedding gar ments and left them to lie there in her form. I saw the mother's hands olasped in pitiful woe as she glanoed at them, whilo 1 made my own observations on the state of thingB. It was as poor MrB. Pemberton had aaid, not an article of outdoor attire was missing from Evelyn's wardrobe, and the bed was smooth and undisturbed from the hands of tho ohambermaid. From what I saw I oame to the oonolusion that Evelyn had not visited her room after my meeting with hor the previous night—I was almost certain of this, seeing that her little watoh hung on Hb stand upon hor dainty toilet, and that it had stopped at twelve o'clook—if the girl had returned after that hour ehe would have wound it. I said nothing of the meeting I had had in the drawing-room, but I asked the mother if she had any reaBon to auppoBe that Miss Pember ton did not intend to fulfil her engagement to Mr. Kingsley ? " Oh no 1" she oried I" on tho contrary, she gave mo her Baored word last night ere I left her hero that she would not fail!" " Was a sacred promise neoeasary then I'I asked sharply," has it been neoeasary to re mind your daughter of a vow on the eve of an unweloomo alliance ? Mra. Pemborton, you know I em a deteotive, if you wish me to help you in this natter it is fteoeasary for you to put entire confidence in mo—to tell ine the whole truth." II Thore is nothing to tell I" she almost shrieked " myehildl my child!" I began to feel angry with the woman, who it tjeemod to me must haev ooeroed her daugh ter into a wealthy engagement; I felt. leaa inolined to spare her, and rolatod what had passed between Evelyn and myself. II There was some weight on her heart," I aaid, " and some terrible presentiment oppres sing her—oan youoxplain it Mra. Pemberton?" •'No I" ahe oried wildly, " I oan explain nothing, only that my ohild has left me for ever 1 my Evelyn I my Evelyn 1" Her Bhrieks had aroused tho household, and Albert was in the room with the aervant Milly Werner. I glanoed into the girl's faoe sharply and aaw that Bhe quailed under my eve. I drew her asido while Albert heard tho sad truth from his distracted mother, and ques tioned her. " Were you aware that Miss Pemberton baa left tho house?" •• Me sir 1 how should I know of suoh a thing? I am not even Miss Pemberton's maid?" " You have not answered my question—aid you know that Misa Pemberton had left the houBe, or had any intention of leaving it last night ?" "Not" she answered brazenly" I know nothing about it I" « I might find a way to refresh your memory," I aaid sharply. " Have you been oarrying any meaaagea between Mr. Oorwyn and your young miBtroBB lately ?" " No, I havn't" she oried aa her faoe burned orimson. " Your oommumoationa with that gentle man were entirely onyourown aooount then?" She grew pale aa suddenly as she had flushed, but anBwered after a moment's hesitation, " Yes, entirely on my own aooount I" " Take oare—I may make you' prove that before you are many hours older.", I heard some ejaoulation like " impidence I" as I turned and took Albert from the room, leaving tho hysterioal mother in the hands of the servants. ... Together the anxious young fellow and I searched everywhere in hope of discovering any traoea of nia sister. There was no use in trying to hide from the household what had happened in the faoe of Mra. Pemberton's outorieB, and every servant save Milly Werner was helping in a searoh that proved to bo vain.. When I saw how useless it was, it waa nearly nine o'clock. " We may deoida that there will be no wedding to-day. I'm afraid Albert" I aaid, while wo partook of a hasty meal. " It will bo better for you to ride over for Kingsley, and send messengers to all the invited gueata that the wedding is postponed—your mothor'a sudden illness will be a auflloient excuse." " Sinolair " he returned, looking at me with n great seriousness in his young face," this mattor will be the ruin of poor Evelyn—do you think it possible that she has run away with Oorwyn?" . "I don't think it at all likely, amoe she has cone apparently in her wrapper and slippers, bail am going ovei to oak turn thi question "You!". " I myself—you 'seem to have forgotten that I am a deteotivo, Pemberton, who could more fittingly inquire into sueh a business ?" " Ob, heavens, that you should speak so I what awful thing do you suspect that you should reour to your profession now ?" " Be a nm Pemberton. Kemember bow much is on your shoulders at this moment sinoe you are the representative of a helpless mother. Go, and do as I said—I will see you on my return." I went to the stables, and after having sad. died a horse for myself, rode on my errand to the house of Edward Corwyn. .1 knew where to go, for the chimneys of his farmhouse were visible from some of the win. dows at Werrimona, and had been pointed out to me. I rode rapidly, and soon reaohed the snug-looking homestead amongst the trees that was called Corwyndale. It looked liko the house of a thriving man, but had around it none of the elegancies of wealth. It was a plain, shingled verandah I rode up to, and tho door, without knookcr or boll, stood wide open to the morning sun. I knocked loudly with my whip, and soon a comfortable>looking dame, who looked like an upper servant mado her appearance. In reply to my wish to see her master, Bhe told me he was dressing for Mies Pemberton's wedding, but on my sending a message that my busi ness was urgent, I' was shown into an unpre tending parlor, where in a few moments I was joined by Edward Corwyn. He was most perfectly dressed, with the exception of the glossy frook ooat he carried in his hand, and no man oould deny that a finer looking fellow it would be hard to produoo in any land. ; ■ " Mr. Sinclair I" he cried in surprise, as ho extended his hand," you are not the less welcome, that I was far from expeoting you. I pray you to excuse my incomplete toilot— the wedding you know; but, had it not been for a loBt stud ,I believe I should have been half way to Werrimona by this." A lost stud 1 I looked at the broad, glossy, immaculate shirt, and saw indeed that there was one stud missiug, and from the same onyx set too I I did not take the handwhioh he doubtless fanoied I did not Bee, and ho went on smi lingly, • " I'm not nob enough to have a second set, Sinolair, and I'm very unlucky with this one. Only yesterday I reoovered one of the studs I had lost the previous day, and uqw it is gone again—something iB the matter with the oatoh. Woll, Mrs. Kingaloy, that is to be, will not observe its abscnco." " No," I repeated " Bhe will not observe its absence." Something in my tone perhaps, or in my oyos that were steadily fixed upon him, seemed to affeot him—ho grew pale down to the very lips under his military looking moustache. " You look strange, Mr. Sinolair," he said, " is anything wrong?" " I came to askjyou that question, Mr, Cor wyn. Miss Pemberton Iibb disappeared from werrimona, and no traoe of her can bo dis covered. Can you. tell mo whore Bhe is ?" " I ? do you mean to inBult me sir ? What should / know of MisB Pemberton's disap pearance?" " I understand that at one time you would have been the most likely of all persons to know of Miss Pemberton's movements." " Aye, at ana" time! he said with bitter em phasiB, "the time when Evelyn Pemberton was my betrothed wife, and had not been tempted by a weak mother, and another man's gold I But that time has passed, sir, and, thank God I have forgotton it I" He did not look as if ho had forgotten it, standing there with his hands clenched and his oyos blazing—he did not look as if ho would ever forget it should his term of life extend a hundred years 1 111 don't know who has been kind enough to tell you of my folly I " he went on, " but he has not told it well, or you would better have judged the man you come to ask for tid ings of Miss Pemberton. Edward Corwyn is not the weak minded tool to be onoo dis carded and lured back to his allegiance by a soft look. If there was not another woman in the wholo world and Evelyn Pemberton knelt to mo to makehor my wife I would spurn her aa I do that hound I " It was impossible to doubt the man's feel ings as he stood there, his dark handsome face distorted with terrible passion. As he spurned with his foot tho dog that had oome into tho room with a morning weloome for his master in his faithful eyeB, the passion of a liend was olonohed in Corwyn's hands and flashing red in his awful gaze. I turned towards tho door, but he plaoed himself before me and spoke in a meaning tone. Stop, if you please. 11 may surely expect to bo told by what right you take upon your self the right to Bearah for MiBB Evelyn Pem berton ? Are you, then, without my being aware of it, some oloso connootion of tho family ? Surely you will favour me with a little information on the, to me, at present dubious point? " "My name is Mark Sinolair," I said, as I lookod him steadily in the faoe, " and I am Senior Deteotive in the Metropolitan Foroo of Deteotivcs. Ia there any other in formation you would liko me to Bupply you with ? " , ,. . t His face grew pale as I answered him, but he laughed mookingly and bowed. 111 was not aware that I had a visitor of suoh importance. An revoir, Mr. Sinolair. As Boon as I can ohango my dress I will ride over to Werrimona and see it I can be of any servioo to Mrs. Pemberton." As fully convinced that Oorwyn knew some thing of the girl's disappearance as that I breathed, I returned to Werrimona. I was at a Iobb what to do, as theroswas not a magis trate within many miles, and I oould prove nothing against Corwyn that would excuse my arresting him without a warrant. Ono thing I oould however do—I oould try to frighten Milly Worner into a confession of oomplioity sinoe I had myself seen her in con sultation with the man 1 suspeoted. One may imagine the state of the house hold on my return. Mrs. Pemberton had broken down utterly, and a medioal man had been sont for. Young Kingsloy had arrive^ and was roaming about the house in a help less, limp way, looking, I suppose, for his lost bride in corners that had Deen searohed a dozen times before. The men who had been deBpatohed to make enquiries in the neigh bourhood had returned with young Pember ton, and no disoovery had been made. ' My first inquiry was for the girl Werner— Bhe was in her own room. I walked straight to it when it had been pointed out to me— it was a little attio chamber—and knooked sharply at the door. There was some shuf fling inside, and then the girl opened the door. I pushed her baok, went in, and looked the door behind me. , At first she attempted a little shrieking, but she had not time to indulge in muoh ere I had my handoufls olaBped on her wrists. It is awonderful what an efleot1 the touoh of that kind of oold steel has on a coward, she was instantly silent, though with her white lips in] a determined rigidity .over her set sharp teeth. , , " Now." I said, " will you tell me what you and Corwyn have done with Misfl Pomber ton ? " " No I won't 1" sho hissod, " who are you to dare ?" • . , «' Oh there is no daring about it1 my uoar i I am simply a deteotivo in pursuit of my duty. 'You won't teM mo, eh ? it ian t you can't then?"; . . «' It is I oan't I I know nothing about it I how can I toll you what I don't know ? Toko of! these things 1 take them off I Bey. M 111 soreech and alarm the houso? ' • " Soreech away my beauty—I ve a B&B; about mo somewhere. Oh 1 you woro pack ing up when I interrupted you, eh ? you were goiug to make a bolt ol it werp y®**/ I was going to leave-yea, ItoldM" Pemberton I was, and phouldn II"1 iiir«v» . - you going to tell me where Mies Pemberton is V " " I don't know I I deolare to God I don't know!" , ' " Not where she is now, perhaps, bat you can tell a good bit that will help us to find her. What had Corwyn to say to you that night you met him on the hill, and what did he give when you returned him the stud he had lost ? Come now, it will be better for you to make a clean breast of it." " I won't 1 see that now I you may kill me and I won't I Since you know so muob, go and ttBk Mr. Corwyn himself—you'll know nothing from mel" , « Very well, until you change your mind you will remain a prisoner in this room. If you have not eome to your senses by to-mor row morning I'll oarc you in to "Werrimonn look-up." While I had been speaking I had been ex nmining the little window—it was impossible to e6oapo from it. I took the key out of the door and she made a rush to tryandeBcapeas I opened it. •• Let me hear one bit of noise and I'll gag you," I said aslpuahedher baek. " I 'll bring you some prison rations towards evening, and i( you have come to your BenseB I'll hear what you have to say." But she said nothing. When I returned at night Bhe was sitting on her bed with a sul len, determined look on her dark fase, and would not even reply to me when I addressed her." " You have been well bribed my lady," I' thought, " but the sight of the policemen I'll f;ive you inohargeto to-morrow will maybe ooBen your tongue." I was wearied out, body and mind, ana was asleep almost as Roon as I was in bed, and I must have dreamed almost as soon as I slept. It seemed to me that I saw Evelyn again,as 1 saw her on the previous night, in her trailing white dress ; but the hair among which the moonbeams had rested was hanging down almost to her waist, tangled and dishevelled. In the great eyes, too, there seemed an awful glassy stare, and the white hands seemed stretched out entreatingly towards me I. I struggled myself awake as if from a night mare, and for a second of time after I opened my eyes I seemed to see the shadowy outline of a form between me and tho window. I sat up in bed to satisfy myself that thero was nothing but spaoe where I had imagined that shape, " I shall have a relapse if my brain does not get a reel," I thought, as I resolutely turned my face to the wall and shut my eves. Just then I heard the olook in the hall strike twelve—it was Christmas morning, almost the same hour in whiohlast night Evelyn had Baid to me her last" Farewell ?' In a few moments I slept again, and again I dreamed, but this time my dream had some new features, and was peculiarly vivid. I saw Evelyn gazing at mc reproachfully, and I re oallod my promiso as though she had then re peated it with her Bhadowy lips. " If ever you plaoe a trust in me I will redeem it faithfully or die; " that was my promise—had she oome to olaim it ? In my dream I gazed at the misty form and* mot the awful and glassy eyes. Sne seemed to stand near a window bb she had done last night in the drawing-room, but this window was smaller, had broken panes and tangled foliage waving long sprays outside it. Inside, too, the woodwork looked old and broken, and out of the perpendicular, and the floor upon which she seemed to stand was broken and disoolored. This ti.mo when I awoke in a shudder I bounded from my bed and dressed myself—I could no more have lain still after that re peated dream than it I had seen Evelyn in the fleBh and sho had called mo to avenge her. That Bhe had met with foul play I was con vinced, and I wont softly to Albert's room and awoko him—it was not hard to do, he started up fearing some fresh trouble awaiting him, " Albert ?" I asked, " is there anywhere in thiB neighborhood an old, uninhabited houBe, with broken windows and wild oreeping plants growing around them ?" ' " Yob, Colonel Hussey's old . house," he answered, " why do you ask ?" " How far is it from thiB ?" " Under a mile," " Oet up and dress yourself my friend, yon and I must go to that old house within the hour,"| and as he was dressing I told the poor fellow of my dream and all I feared-that Corwyn had done. "You must be brave to meet the worst, lad," I said, " it would kill your mother to tell her the truth if it is as bad as I fear." We had provided ourselves with candles and matohes, and easily made our way into the fast deoaying timber house. I went straight toward the room that had the broken panes— the whitefaaed trembling youth following me olosely. A single look at the window showed me the counterpart of what I had seen in my dream, only that there was not even the shadow of lost Evelyn to remind me of my promise. Holding a candle in my hand I looked round the room, and then low" on the broken floor for traoes of feet or marks to prove my foars not unfounded. I diBOOvered them; on the very spot where Evelyn had seemed to Btand Corwyn's (or the seoond time IoBt.stud was lying, and there wore spots of blood where it lay 1 Without a single hope now we searohed the house vainly, until I discovered some loose boards in the flooring of a small baok apart ment in which tho roof had given way and partially fallen in ; the boardB were lifted, and there lay the form of Evelyn Pemberton, with some folds of her stained robe oovoring her dead face ! When the first burst of the poor ■ bother's horrified sorrow was*past we lifted the fair form, oarried it into the best of the rooms, and laid it deoently on a table that happened to be thore. We could do no more until we prooured means and asBistanoo. We were returning in awful silenoe, leaving the victim of revenge alone in the ruined house behind us, when the loud neighing of a horse in the bush not far away~attraoted my atten tion. It was a strange neigh, half squeal, as if the animal was in pain, and we turned our horses in the direction of the sound. We found . a bay horse entangled by the bridle in some sorub, with a broken saddle beside him near a log. " This is Corwyn's horse ?" cried Albert, as he dismounted and released the horse, who took advantage of his liberty to saour through the brush. homeward ; nor did we trouble to follow him, for his master was lying against the log in a orushed heap, evidently breathing his last. I stooped and raised his heavy head to my face, and as I did so he opened his eyes, fixed them on my faoe and knew me. " I've had. my revenge you see, and all is well 1" he murmured," the will play no man false again I" and he was dead—almost with a smile on his murderous lips I The Btory of my dream is told—let the faith lesB maid Werner drop out of it like the worth less thing she was. x suppose I must do her the iustioe to believe that when she persuaded Evelyn to grant Corwyn that last meeting, she never dreamed of murder'. We had un fortunately no hold on her, so she went free and out 61 my sight for ever. My friend Albert is master of Werrimona now, and has a family of fair children grow ing up around him. The eldest he has named " Evelyn," in memory of his lost sister, and sometimes I fancy tno girl has a look in hor great dreamy eyes of the murdered bride, Charley Kingeloy did not break his heart, though ho grieved long for Evelyn's terrible loss, now thero are happy ohildren also at Kingsland that bear liia name. Mrs. Pomberton is dead, If she telt remorse tor influencing her daughter to deoeive the man abe loved, and aeoopt one she oould not love for the Bake of his wealth, she nevor said so, but oarried the aeoret of hor Bin with her to the grave. 