QUEENSBERRY CRICKET CLUB CONCERT. '-4-- A concert was given in connection with the above on Friday evening last in the United Friendly Societies Hall, Queens berry street, HIotham, before a large and appreciativelaudience. The first part con sisted of a minstrel performance by the 'Queensberry Serenade Party.' The orchestra consisting of Mr G Simpson, pianiste; Mr J R Harvey, violen; Mr J 0 Thomson, cornet; MIr W E Williams acted as interlocutor; Mr. Bennett, who at the last moment kindly consented to act as bones for MSr Miller owing to the latter's ill health, and Mr W Wil ton. The performance opened with the overture by the company, which was capitally rendered ; 'Romany Rye' by Mr W E Williams, was well rendered; song (comic), ' Raspberry art,' Mr \V Wilton, demanded an encore; also did 'Four Jolly Smiths' by AMr D Thomas; MIr John Williams, * Wreck of the Ly-eo-moon,' composed and sung by himself, was as usual loudly applauded ; song (comic), 'Tommy You're a Father,' Mr Bennett, was well rendered; Mr G Bailey in the song 'Come Darling rest your little head,' was highly successful, and fairly brought dowui the house; 'Hark the Drum' was excellently sung by Mr G Seers. The first part then con cluded with the grand finale by the com pany 'Lively Waiters. Taking into con sideration the short rehearsal, the per formance was very creditably given. A series of feats on the Roman rings and trapeze, as also some tumbling was then cleverly performed by Mr J Clements and Mesars H Todd, Wm Johnston, and J Burke, and was most creditable alike to master and pupils. This performance found great favor with the audience. The second part opened with a 'Topical Song,' written and sung by Mr John Williams, an encore being demanded. Owing to the absence of Mr J, Thornton, Mr J Syors kindly substituted by singicg ' Maid of the Mill; ' recitation, ' Trying the Magistrate' by Mr R Scott was re warded with an encore; song (comic), 'Money Everywhere.' by Mr Harry All nutt, as usual brought down the house ; song (Tyrolean), by MAr C Armstrong, was one of the gems of the evening, being highly appreciated. A etunmp oration 'The Temperance Question,' was highly amus ing and well giver, by Mr J Gay and Mr J E Brown in the character sketch ' Little Spring,' was fairly successful. The whole concluded with the laughable farce ' Echoes in the Wood,' ir J Syers as lorace Bentuim; Mr J Gray as Sam Slocim ; and T Syers as the Ghost, sus taining the characters with great success. Tiis concluded a very interesting enter tainment, and it is hoped the club funds will be greatly benefited" The arrange ments were ably carried out by Mr C W Howlett, bon. sec., and Mr G Simpson, assisted by Mr J Clements and the com mittee of the club. The Corris Tent of the Independent Order of Rechabites hold a concert in the Royal Hall, Kensington, this evening. The Hon. J. Nimmo ILL.A., Commissioner of Public Works will preside. An ex cellent programme has been arranged by the secretary, Mr. J. Dickinson. EDWARD COTIcELL, Commlwion and insurancr Aront, SOft Gools Broker, &c;, Silol Street, Hotham Iill. Agent for the Australtin Mutual Prorldent Life AssuranceSoeiety; Tha 8onth British Fire and Marine Inasuanc Compwy; The New Zealand Accilent Company and specal collector for tha ltyal Ilrtiticultural Society of Victoria. Commonica tions nlilnrt id n above will receive prompt atten tfon.-A YT.] R, EMEMBER THIS. If you are sick Hop Bitters will sorely aid Naturein inaing you well when all else fails. If you are costive or dyspeptic, or are suffering from any other of the numeroum diseases of the tomach or bowels, it is yoar own fault if you remain ill, for Hop Bitten is a sovereign remedy in all such com plaints. If you are wasting away withany formof Kidney disease, stop tempting Death this moment, and turn for a cure to Hop Bitters. If you are sick with that terrible sickness Nervousness, you will finda 'Balm in Gilead' in the use of Hop Bitters. If you are freunentor or a resident of a miasmatic district, barricade your system against the scourge of al countries-malaris' epidemic, bilious, and intermittent feven -by the use of Hop Bitters. It you have rough, pimply, or sallow skin bad breath, pains and aches, and feel miser, able generally, Hop Bitters will giveyoufait skin, rich blood and sweetest breath, health and comfort. In short they cure all Diseases of the stomach, Bowels, Blood, Liver, Nerves, Kidneys, Bright's Disease. £500 will be paid for a case they will not c-re or help. Druggists and chemists keep. That poor, bedridden, invalid wife, sister. mother, or daughter, canbe made the picturt of health, by a few bottles of Hop Bitters costing but a trifle Will you let then suffer l nor BnrrERS ARE TsE PUREST AND BIl EVER MAD"L They are compounded from Hops, Halt, Buch, Mandrake, and Dandelion, the oldest, best, and most valuable medi cines in the world, and contain all the beat and most curative properties of all other remedies, being the greatest Blood Purifier, Liver Regulator, and Life and Health Restoring Agent on earth. No disease or ill health can possibly long exist where those Bitters are used, so varied and perfect are their operations. They give new life and vigor to the aged and infirm. To all whose employ ments cause irregularity of the bowels or urinary organs, or who require an Appe tiser, Tonic, and mild Stimulant Hop Bitters are invaluable, being highly cura tive, tonic, and stimulating, without in toxicating. No matter what your feelings or symp. toms are, what the disease or ailment is, uso Hop Bitters. Don't wait until you are sick, but if you only feel bad or miserable use t1p Bitters at once. It may save your life. Hundreds have been saved by so doing; £500 will be paid for a case they will not cure or help. Do not suffer or let your friends suffer, but use and urge them to use Hop Bitters. Remember Hop Bitters is no vile, drugged, drunken nostrum, but the Purest and Best Medicine ever made; the invalid's Friend and Hope," and no per son or family should be without them. 1ry the Bitters to-day. Get at Chemists Md Druggists. 