THE THICK OF THE TALKING HEAD EXPOSED. 1 : •» I I remember the first time I saw the curious ocular illusion known as the Sphinx Table. ■ A.a I took an interest in nil illusions which ' could bo adapted to Btage effects, and had heard from adepts that the new illusion was not only a marvel, but absolutely undetec table, I attended the first appcararce of the resuscitated Sphinx, first performod at the Egyptian-hall, Piccadilly, London, by a wizard calling himself Colonel Stodare. This clever trick was really invented by a young man named Thomas Tobin, nho aviated Professor Pepper at the Polytechnic Inslitu tion in Begent-strcet, to whose genius tbe well-used ghost illusion, also owed ifca inven tion. T was well in front, and not loo near, and after the usual rabbits had disappeared out of bats and become watches, and the various pocket- handkerchiefs, bad been turned into bouquets of flowers, the novelty was intro duced as a climax, and the sighl-»re:ng public had a wonder to exercise its mind on for months to come. On tbe stage, not far from the footlights, wan a three-legged table on whoso top was spread a small velvet cover with a border of gold fringe hanging over two inches. No room for a drawer beneath tbe table, and clear space under and boneath the iegs as for as [the back of the stage. Simply three attenuated legs, and a flat top covered with velvet. ' On a side table near the proscenium stood a handsome plush-covered box about a foot square, or fourteen inches every way. The lid unlocked by Stodare was opened on the eido facing the spectators, and in it was eaen the head of the Sphinx. A life-sized bead of a handsome Egyptian, wearing the typical striped head-piece and the same collaretto round the severed neck; for there was nothing but a head on a Bhorl neck in the box. The eyes were closed, and the long eye lashes, fell on the cbcek, which glowed through its Pharoah bronze with vital blood. Closing the lid for a moment, Stodare carried this box, by a handle oh either side, from the side to the three-legged table before our eyes, and set it down in the centre. i Now, understand,.there was a simple un adulterated table without drawers or places of concealment. You could gee beneath it, and note the hangings on the wall boyoud. The thickness of tbo table with the bottom of the box upon it could not have been {(.wo inchoB in all. Stoduro re-opened the box, i which had novel* quitted our sight, and as the lid fell forward, the Sphinx, still there, slept the Bleep of Lhousands of years—but i only to woko at tbe voico of the wizurd. The splendid, calm, majestic eyes opened at com mand, and looted straight beforo the mar- i vellous face out into the nineteenth century. I had no doubt, oven before the lips opened | and the voico spoke in measured rhythmic i tones, that the bead was human and not i made of wax, but tho inoro I looked and the more I calculated, the further was I from a solution of the first myBtery I had witnessed since I commenced tho study of modern magic. (To bo continued,) 