Sunday Reading. Long Life. Br Bbv. Db. Tamaqe. JANUABY 3rd, 18S61 The old almanacs and the old (memorandums flung aside. Everything to remind us of the fact that another volume in the history oE time has begun, and every thoughtful man and woman at such timo discusses the length or the short ness of human life. Faithful discharge of duty is in my text set forth as having much to do with the length of our earthly stay. Through the mistake of its friends religion has been ohiefly associated with sickbeds and graveyards. 1 his whole subject to many people is ordorous with chlorine and carbolic acid. There arc people who cannot pronounce the word " reli gion" without hearing in it the chipping chisel of the tombstone cutter. It is high time that this thing were changed, and that religion, instead of being represented as a hearse to carry out the dead, should bo represented as a chariot in which the living are to triumph. Beligion, so far from subtracting from one's vitality, is a glorious addition. It is sanative, ourative, hygienic. It is good for the eyes, good for the ears, good for the spleen, good for the digestion, good for the nerves, good for the muscles. When David in the Psalms prays that religion may be dominant, he does not speak of it as a mild sickness, or an emanciatian, or an attack of moral aid spiritual cramp; be speaks of it as " the savii^l health of all nationswhile God pronounces long life to the pious, saying, " With long life will! satisfy thee." Life Abbreviated.—The fact is that men and women die too soon. It is high time that religion joined the hand of medical science in attempting to improve human longevity. Adam lived 930 years. Methusaleh lived 969 years. As late in the history of tko world as Ves pasian, thero were at one time in bis empire 45 persons 135 years old. 8o far down as the 16th century Peter Zartan died at 185 years of age. I do not say that religion will ever take the race back to antediluvian longevity, but I do Bay the length of human life will be greatly improved. It iB said in Isa. lxv, 20: " The child shall die a 100 years old " Now, if, ac cording to the Scriptures, the child is to be a 100 years old, may not the men and women reach to 300, and 400, and 500 ? I. Bespoct the Body.—My design is to show you that practical religion is tho friend of long life, and I prove it first from the fact that it mails tho care of our physical health a posi tive Christian duty. Whether we shall keep early or lato hours, whether wo shall take food digestible or indigestible, whether there shall be thorough or incomplete mastication are questions very often doferrcd to the realm oE whimsicality ; but tho Christian man lifts this whole problem of heaith into tho accouutablo and the divine. He says : " God has giron mo this body, and he has called it the temple of the Holy Gltost, and to deface its altars, or mar its walls, or crumble its pillars, is a sacrilege." • He sees God's caligraphy on every page, anatomical and physiological. He eajB: " God has given mo a wonderful body for noble pur poses." That arm witb 32 curious bones, wieided by 46 curious muscios, and all under the brain telegraphy; 350 lbs. of blood rushing through the heart every hour; the heart in 24 hours heating 100,000 times, during tho 24 houre overcoming resistance amounting to 224,000,000 lbs. weight; during tho tamo time the lungs taking in 57 hogsho&ds; of air; and all this mechanism not more mighty than deli cite, and easily disturbed and demolished. The Christian man says to himself: " If I hurt my nerves, if I hurt my brain, if I hurt any of my physical faculties, I insult God and call for diro retribution." Why did God tell the Levitcs not to offer to Him in sacrifice animals imporfoct or disoaBed ? He meant to tell us in all the ages that we are to offer to God our best physical condition; and a man who through irregular or gluttonous oating ruins his health, is not oflering to God such a saorifice. Why did Paul write for his cloak at Troas ? Why should such a great man as Paul he anxious about a thing so insignificant as an overcoat P It was because ho knew that with pneumonia and rheumatism ho would not be worth half as much to God and the Church as With respiration easy and foot fres. Practical Christianity.—An intelligent Chris tian man would consider it an absurdity to kneel down at night and pray and ask Sod's protection while at the same time he kept the windows of his bedroom tight shut against fresh air. He would just as soon think of going out on the bridge between Hew York and Brooklyn, leaping off, and then praying to God to keep him from getting hurt. JustaB long as you defer this whole subject of physical health to the realm of whimsicality, or to the pastrycook, or to the butcher, or to the baker, or to the apothecary, or to the clothier, you are not acting like ,a Christian. The care of all your physical forces — nervous, muscular, bone, brain, cellular, tissue—for all you must bo bronght to judgment. Smoking your nervous system into fidgets, burning out the coating of your stomach with wine logwooded and Btryohnined; walking with thin shoes to make your feet look delicate; pinched at the waist until you are nigh cut in two, and neither part worth anything; groan ing about sick headache and palpitations of the heart which you think come from God, whe n they come from nothing else but from your own folly! What right has any man or any woman to deface the temple of the Holy-Ghost ? The Wonderful Body.—What is Use ear? Why, it is the whispering gallery of the human soul. What is the eye ? It is the observatory God constructed, its telescope sweeping the heavens. What is the hand ? An instrument so wonderful that when the Earl of Bridge water bequeathed in his will 40,000 dollars (£8,000) for treatises to be written on the wisdom, power, and goodness of God, Sir Charles Bell, the great English anatomist and Burgeon, found his greatest illustration in the construction of the human hand, devoting his whole book to that subject. So wonderful are these bodies that God names His own attributes after the different pasts. His omniscience—it is God's eye. His omnipresence—God's ear. omnipotence—God's arm. The upholstery of the midnight heavens—it is the work of God's fingers. His lifegiving power—it is the breath of the Almighty. His dominion—the govern ment shall be upon His *>houlder. A body so divinely honoured' and constructed, let us be careful not to abuse it. When it becomes a Christian duty to 'take care of our health, is not the whole tendency towards long life. If I toss my watch about recklessly, and drop it on the pavement, and wind it up any time of day or night I happen to think of it, and often let it run down, while you. are careful with your wstch, and nsrer abuse it, and wind it up at just the same hour every night; and put it in a place where it will not suffer from the violent changes of atmos phere, which watch will last the longer? Common sense answers. How, the human body is God's watch. You see the hands of the watch, you see tho face of the watch.; but the beating of the heart is the tioking of the watch. Oh, be careful and do not let it run dewn 1 II. An Enemy of life's Foes —Again, I remark that practical religion is a friend of life in the foot that it is a protest against all tho dissipations which injure and destroy tho health. Bad men and women live a very short life. Their sins kill them. 1 know hundrods of good old men, but I do not know a half dozen bad old men. Why ? They do not get old. Lord Byron died at Missolonghi, at 36 years of age, himBolf his own MszODpa, his unbridled passions the horse that dashed with him into the _ desert. Edgar A. Poo died at 38 years of ago". The black raven that alighted on the bust above his chamber-door was delirium tremens;— Only this and nothing; moro. ^ Napoleon Bonaparte lived just beyond mid life, then died at St. Helena, and one of his doctors said that his disease was induced by exosssivo snuffing. The hero of Austerlitz, the man who by one step of his foot in the centre of Europe shook the earth, killed by a snuff-box I Oh, how many people wo have known who have not lived out half their days because of their dissipations and indulgences. Now practical religion is a protest against all dissipation of any kind. " But," you say, " profossors of religion have fallen; professors of religion have got drunk, profejsors of religion have misappro priated trust funds, professors of religion have absconded." Yes, but they threw away their religion before they did their morality. If a man on a White Star line steamer bound for Liverpool, in mid-Atlantio, jumps overboard and is drowned, is that anything against the White Star line's capaoity to take tho man aoross the ocean ? And if a man jumps over the gunwale of his religion and goes down never to rise, ie that any reason for your believing that religion has no capacity to take I the man clear through ? In the one case, if | he had kept to the steamer his body would 1 have been saved ; in the other case, if he had kept to his religion his morals would have been saved. There are aged people in this house to-day who would have been dead 25 years ago but for the equipoise of religion. You have no more natural resistance than hundreds of people who lie in the cemeteries to-day, Blain by their own vices. The doctors made their case as kind and pleasant as they could, and it was called congestion of the brain or something else, but the snakes and tho blue flies that seemed to crawl over the pillow in tho sight of the delirious patient showed what was , the matter with him. You, tho agod Christian ' man, walked along by that unhappy one until you came to the golden pillar of a Christian life. You went to the right; he went to the left. That is all the difference between you Oh, if this religion is a protest against all forms of dissipatior, then it is an illustrious friend of long life 1 HI- Eliminates "Worry.—Again, religion is a friend of long life in the fact that it takes the worry out of our temporalities. It is not work that kills men; it is worry. When a man be comes a genuine Christian he makes over to God not only his affections, but his family, his busi ness, bus reputation, his body, his mind, his soul—everything. Industrious he will be, but never worrying, because God is managing his affairs. How can he worry about business when God tells him when to buy and when to sell, and if he gain that is best, and if he lose that is best? Suppose you had a supernatural neighbour who [ amo in and said : " bir, I want you to call on me in every eiigenoy. I am your beat friend; I could fall back on 20,OGO,000 dollars; I can foresee a panic 10 years; I hold the con trolling stock in 30 of the best monetary insti tutions of New York; whenever you are in any trouble call on me and I will nelp you; you can have my money and influence ; there is my hand in pledge for it." How much would you worry about business ? Wby, you would say: " 111 do the best I can, and then I'll depend upon my friend's gene rosity for the rest." Now, more than that is promised to every Christian business man. God says to him.- " I own New York and Iiondon and St. Petersburg, and Pekin and Australia aud California are Mine; I can forosee a panic a million years; I have ail the resources of the universe, and I am your fast Friend; when you get in business trouble or any other trouble, call on Me and I will hear, and I will help j here is My hand in pledge of omnipotent de liverance." How much should that man worry? Not much. What lion will dare to put his paw on that Dacicl? If yon take a thermomeier and thrust it into Shadrach's fur nace, it would never go up over 75 degrees. Is there not rest in this ? Is there not an eternal vacation in this ? " Oh," you say, " here is a man who asked God for a blessing upon a certain enterprise, and he lost 5,000 dollars in it. Explain that." I will. Yonder is a factory, and one wheel is going north, and the other wheel is going south, and one wheel plays laterally, and the other pl»ys vertically. I go to the manufacturer and I say: " Oh, manufacturer, your machinery is a contradiction. Why do you not make all the wheels go one way/' "Well," ho says, "I made thorn to go in opposite directions on pur pose, and they produce the right result. You go down stairs and examine the carpets we are turning out in this establishment, and you will tee." I go down on the other floor and I see the carpets, and I am obliged to confess that, though tho wheels in that factory go in opposite directions, they turn out a beautiful result j and while I am standing there looking at the exquisito fabric, an old Scripture passage comes into my mind: " All things work together for good to them who love God." Is there not rest in that ? Is there not tonio in that ? Is there not longevity in that-? ^ Suppose a man is all the time worried about his reputation. One man says he lies, another says he is stupid, another says he is dishonest, and half a dozen printing establishments attack him, and he is in a great state of excitement and worry and fume, aud cannot sleep; but religion comet to him and says: " Man, God is on your side; He will take care of your repu tation. If God be for you, who can be against you?" How much should that man worry about his reputation? Not much. If that broker who a few years ago in Wall street, after he had loet money, sat down and wrote a farewell letter to his wife before he blew his brains out—if, instead of taking out of bia pocket a pistol, lie had taken out a -well-read New Testament, there would have been one less suicide. Oh, norvouB and feverish peoplo of the world, try this Almighty sedative; you will live 25 years longer under its soothing power. It is not chloral that you want, or more time that you want; it is the Gospel of Jesus Christ. IV. Removes Corroding Dread.—Again, practical religion is a friend of long life in the fact that it removes all corroding care about a future^ existence. Every man wants to know what is to^ becomo of him. If you get on board a rail- train you want to know at what station it is going to stop; if you get on board a ship you want to know into what harbour it is going to run; and if you should tell me you have no'interest in what is to be your future destiny, I would, ^ in as polite a way as I know how, tell you 11 id not belieTe you. Before I had this matter settled with reference to my future existence, the question almost worried me into ruined health. The anxieties men have upon this subject, if put together, would make a martyrdom. This is a state of awful unhealthiness. There are people who fret themselyeB to death for fear of dying. I want this morning to take the strain off your nerves and the depression off your eoul, and I make two or three experiments. Experiment the first.— When jou go out of the world it does not make any difference whether you have been good or bad, or whether you believed truth or error, you will go straight to glory. 44 Impossible," you say ; "my common- sense, as well as my religion, teaohes that the bad and the good cannot live i together forever. You give me no comfort in I asking me to witness that experiment." Experiment the second.—When you leave this world you will go into an intermediate state, where you can get converted and prepared for heaven. "Impossible," you say; 14 as the tree falleth so it must lie, and I cannot postpone to '• an intermediate state, that reformation which ought to have been effected in this state." Experiment the third: There is no future world; when a man dies that is the last of him. Do cot worry about what you are to do in another state of briog; you will not do any* thing. 44 Impossible," you say; 44 there is some thing that tells me that death is not the ap pendix but the preface j there is something that tells me that'on this side of the grave I. only get started, and that I shall goon for ever. My power to think say3, 'For ever;1 <my affe:tions say,4 For ever ;' my capacity to en joy or suffer says,4 For ever.'" The Certain Cure.—Well, you defeat me in , my three experiments. I have only one more to make, and if yon defeat me in that I am ex hausted. A Mighty One on a knoll back of Jerusalem one day, the skies filled with forked lightnings and the earth filled with volcanic disturbances, turned His pale and agonised face toward the heavens, and said: " I take the sins and sorrows of the ages into My own heart. Iam the Expiation. Witness earth and heaven and hell. I am the Expiation." And the hammer struck Him, and the spears punctured Him, and heaven thundered: 44 The wages of sin is death; " 44 The soul that sinneth it shall die j " 441 will by no means clear the guilty." Then there was silence for half an hour, and the lightnings were drawn Dack into the scab bard of the sky, and the earth ceased to quiver, and all the colours of the sky began to shift themselves into a rainbow, woven out of the fallen tears of Jesus, and there was red as of the blood-shedding, and there was blue as of the bruising, and there was green as of the heavenly foliage, and there was orange as of the day dawn; and along the line of the blue I saw the words, 441 was bruised for their iniquities," and along the lino of the red I saw the words, 44 The blood of Jesus Christ eleanseth from all sinand along the line of the green I saw the words,44 The leaves of the tree of life for the healing of the nations and along tho lino of the orange I saw the words, 44 The day-spring from on high hath visited us." And then 1 taw the storm was over, and tho rainbow rose higher and higher until it seemed retreating to another heaven, and planting ono column of its colours on one side the eternal hill, and planting the other column of its colours on tho other side of the eternal hill, it rose upward and upward, and boholdl there was a lainbow round about the throne. Accept t\ at sacrifice and quit worrying. Take the tonic, the inspiration, the longevity of this truth. Religion is sunshine« that is healthy. Religion is fresh air and pure water; they are healthy. Religion is warmth ? that is healthy. Ask all the doctors, and thoy will tsll you that a quiet conscience and pleasant anticipations are hygienic. "What do you want in the future world ?• Tell me and you shall have it. Orchards? There are the trees with 12 manner of fruits, yielding fruit every month Water? Scenery? There is the River of Life from under the throne of God, clear as crystal, and the sea of glass mingled with fire. Do you want music ? There is the oratorio of the creation : led on by Adam j and the oratorio of the Bed ! Sea, led on by Moses; and the oratorio of the Messiah, led on by St. Paul, while the arch angel controls the 140,000 who make up the orchestra. Do you want reunion ? There are your dead children waiting to kiss you, waiting to embrace you, waiting to twist garlands in your hair. You hare been accustomed to open the door on this side the sepulchre I this morn ing I open the door on the other side the sepulchre. You have been accustomed to walk in the wet grass on the top of the grave. I show you the underside of the grave. The bottom has fallen out, and the long ropes with which the pall bearers let down your dead let them through into heaven. Ulory be to God for * robust, healthy religion J It will have a ten dency to make you live long in this world, and in the world to come you will have eternal longevity. 