Bow a Han Who had Cheated Him Came Back After Beath to Apologize. . Uniontowu, Ph., A'cws. ' I never go much on ghost stories,' began Contractor Van Dyke at the Clinton House the other evening. The old gentleman had been listening with more or less attention to a series of fables being told by the guests of thehotel. 'Well, I don t know,' the old contractor replied. ' My experience in that direction has been somewhat remarkable. I don't sup pose you will bolieve me, but the story I will tell you is true. I can produce a living wit ness to it, and I will at any time make affi davit to its accuracy, i Two years ago I was building a piece otrailroad down in theeast crn part of this State. Among the people who furnished me tics was nn old trader in whom I had little or no confidence. As the bills for the ties came in I paid them promptly and took receipts from every man.. I knew to the tie the number used. After my contract was completed tho old trader sued me for the pricc of fifty tics, Tho case was tried, and- I was compelled to nay the money. Tho old man had sworn to his bill, and little or no defence could be made. When I paid the money I warned the old fel low. I told him he had perjured himself. I predicted for him an unhappy ending. About six months ago I was awakened at one o'clock in the morning by this same old trader. It was dark in my room. Just ns plainly as I can see you now he was there in life. He wakened me by calling my name. My partner .was in bed in the same room just a few feet from me. I called him and told him of the visitor's presence. He said he conld not seo him and laughed at me. He toid me I was dreaming, and suggested that I go to sleep. While we were talking the old trader callcd me by name. He said he had been mistaken about the ties, and offered to return me the monoy. The vision then vanished. My partner talked with rae of the matter before wo went to sleep again. The next morning he told the story on mo as a joke, but while we were at breakfast the news reached us of the old trader's death. He hail died within ten minutes of the time of his visit to me. I have no idea how many more calls of the same character he had to make, but I am satisfied his visit to mo was the last one. That, story . is true as holy writ, the old man concluded. A distressing silence followed its telling and the party broke up beforo all recovered. Father (irascibly) — ' Who's got my boot [ack ?' Cora (smiling archly — ' The cat.' —Puck. 