Tales and Sketches. In the Dark. It is tho strangest, most unaccountable thing I over knew i I don't think I am superstitious, but 1 can't help fancying that —" Ethel loft tho senlonce uofiouhed, wrinkling hor brows in a thoughtful frown as Bhe gazed into the depths of hor ompty teacup. "What has happonod I inquired, glancing up from tho money artiolo of the Times at my daughter's pretty puzzled face. " Nothing un canny, I hope! You haven't discovered that a ghcit is included among the fixtures of our new houseP" This new house, The Cedars, was a pretty, old fashioned riverside villa between Bichmond and Kew, which I had taken famished, as a summer residence, and to whioh we had only juet removed. Let me state, in parenthesis, by way of intro ducing myself to the reader, that I, John Dysart, am a widower with one child—tho blue eyed, fair-haired young lady who sat op posite to me at the breakfast table that bright June morning—and that I have been for many years the manager of an old-established life insurance company in the city. 44 What is the mystery ?" Iropeated, as Ethel did not reply, She came out of her brown study, and looked at mo.impressively. " It really is a mystery, papa, and the more I think of it the more puzzled I am." ■ • | 411 am in tho dajk a*, present as to what 'it' | may bo," I reminded her. .. " Something that happened last night. You know that adjoining my bedroom there is a , largo dark closet, which can be used as a box or ! Btorerbo'in ?" "I bad forgotten tho fact, but I will take your word for it. Well, Ethel ?" " Well, last night I was restless, and it was some hours before I could sleep, ' When at last I did so I had a strange dream about that closet.: It seemed that ns I lay in bed I heard a noise withio, as if some ono woro knocking at the door, and a child's voice, broken by robs, crying piteoualr," Let mo out, let me out I' I thought that I got out of bed and opened tho door, and there, crouching all in a heap against the wall, was a little boy —a pretty, pale little follow of six or soven, looking half wild with fright. At the same moment I woke." 41 And lo, it was a dream 1" I finiahod. " If that is all, Ethel — " ".But it is not," she interpcaed. "Tho strangest part of tho story has to come. The I dream was so vivid that when I woke I sat up I in bed and look toward the closet door, almost expecting to hear the sounds again. Papa, you may believe me or not, but it is a fact that I did hear them—the mufiled knocking and the I pitiful cry. As I listened it grew fainter and | fainter, and at last'coaiBod altogether. Then I summoned courage to get out of bed and open the door. There was no living creature in the place. Was it not mysterious ?" she concluded. | "What can it mean?" I glanced at her with a smile, as I refolded the paper and-rose from my chair. " It means, my dear, that you had nightmare last night. Let me recommend you for the 1 future not (o eat cucumber at dinne V 41 No, papa," she interrupted. ■ " I wqb broad awake, and I beard tho child's voice as plainly as I over heard a sound in my life." " Why didn't you call me ?" "I was afraid to stir till the sound had I ceased; but if I cvor hear it again I will let you | know at once." I " Be sure you do. Mcantimo suppose you come into the garden," I continued, throwing open tho French windows; " the morning air will blow aU these cobwebs from your brain." Ethel complied, and for the present I heard no more of the subject. Soma days pisrod away, and we begin to feel quite at. home in our new quarters A more delightful summer retreat than The Cedars could hardly be imagined, with its rooi, dusky rooms, from which tho sunlight was ex cludtd by the screen of foliage outside, its trelliied veranda overgrown with creepers, and I its smooth lawn, shaded by the ra*o old cedar | trees which gave the place its name. Our friends soon discovered its attractions, and took aire that.we should not stagnate for' want of society. We kept open, house ;• lawn tennis, gardon parties, and boating excursions were the order of the day. It was glorious summer woather, the d »ya warm and golden, tho nights starlit and still.. One night, having some important letters to finish, I sat up writing aftor all tho hoiifehold was in bed. Tho window was open, tind at intorrals I glanced up from my paper across the moonlit ♦ lawn, whero tho ihadows of the cedars lay dark and motionless. Now ana then & great downy moth would flutter in anil hover round the ehuded lamp; now and then tho swallows under the eav*a ultcrod a faint, sleepy chirp. For all other signs and sounds of lifo I might hare been tho ouly watcher in all tho slroping world. s I hud finished my task, and was just closing my writing-case, when I heard a hurried move ment in the rjom abovo- Ethel's. Footsteps descended the stairs, and tho next moment the dining-room door opened, and Ethel appeared in a long white dressing-gown, with u small night lamp in her hand. Thore was a look on her face whioh made mo ] startup and exclaim, " What is the matter? What has happened? " She set down the lamp, and came towards I " I have hoard it again," she breathed, lay ing hor hand on my wrist. " You have heard—what?" "The noise in tho boxroom." I stared at her a moment in bewilderment, and then half smiled. "Oh, is that it ?" I exclaimed in a tone of relief, "You havo been droatning again,-it leeoi," " I have nob boon asleep at all/' she replied. "The sounds havo kept mo awake. They are louder than the first time; the child seemed to be sobbing and crying as i£ his heart would break. It is miserable to hear it." I "Hare you looked inside?" I asked, im 1 prosBed in spite of myself by hor manner. "No, I dared not to-night. I was afraid of seeing—something," she returned with a shiver. | " Come, we must get .to the bottom of this I mystery," 1 said cheerfully, and taking up the I lamp, X led the way upstairs to her room. As the door of the mysterious closet was level with the wall, and papered like it, X did not perceive it till Ethel pointed it out. 1 listened with my eor close to it, but heard not the faintest sound, and after waiting a moment threw it open and looked in, holding the lamp so that every corner was lighto?. It was a cramped, close, airless place, the ceiling (which was im mediately below the upper staircase) sloping at an acnto angle to the floor. A glance showed me that it contained nothing but a broken chair and a couple of empty boxes. Slightly shrugging my shoulders, I closed the door. . "Your ghost is vox et praterea nihil it seems," 1 remarked dryly. "Don't you think, Ethel, you may have been— Ethel held up her hands, motioning me, to silence. " Hark I" she whispered, " thero it is igaio 1 But it is dying away now. Listen—" . . I complied, half-infected by her excitement, but wi'hin and without the house all was profoundly still. \ "'Jhoro—it has ce&scd;," she said at length drawing a deep brouth. "You heard is, did you not?" ; I shookmy heal. . "My dear Ethol, there was nothing to hear." . She opened hor bluo oyes to their widest. "Papa—-am I not to believe the evidence of my own senses ?" " Not when they are aitectod by nervous excitement. If you give way to tiiis1 fancy, you will cortainly'muke yourself- ill tieo how you tremble! ' Come, lie down again and try to sleep " ' "Not here," she rolnrned, glanciog round with a shudder. "I snail go to the spare chamber. Nothing would induce me to spend another night in ihU chamber." X fliid no more, but X felt perplexed and un easy. It was so nolike Ethel to induigo in superstitious fancies that I began to fear sbe must be serionsly out of health, and 1 resolved, for my own satisfaction, to havo a doctor's opinion regarding her. It happened that our nearest neighbour was a physician, whom I knew by repute, though not personally acquainted with him. After breakfast, without mentioning my intention to my daughter, X sent a note to Dr. Cameron, requesting him to call at his earliest con venience. He came without delay j a tall gray-bearded man of middle age, with a grave, intelligent face, observing eyes, and sympathetic manner. His patient received him with undisguised astonishment, and on learning that ho had called at my request, she gave mo a look of mute reproach. "I am sorry that papa troubled you, Dr. Cameron. Thero is really nothing whatever the matter with me," she said. And, indeed, at that moment, with flushed cheeks and fyes even brighter than usual, she looked as little like an invalid as could well be imagined. " My doar Ethel," I interposed, 11 when people take to dreaming startling dreams, and .hearing supernatural sound.*, it is a sign of something wrong either in mind or body—as I am euro Dr. Cameron will tell you." The doctor started perceptibly. " Ah—is this Miss Dyeart's caso? " he inquired turning to ht-r with a sudden look cf interest bhe coloured and hesitated. "I have had a strange experisi.ee, which, papa considers a delusion. 1 duresvy; you will bo of (lie some opinion." " Mippose you (ell nn what it was?" he sugg«s ori. Hie was silent, trifling with one of her silver bangles. •. 't ploaae excuse me," she said, hurriedly, at length. " 1 don't care to spank of it; but papa will tell you " And, before I couli detain her, she had hurriedly left the room " :Whoh wo were left alono he turned to mo inquiringly and in a few words I reUleri to hiin' what the Trader alreidy know*. Ko li-tcn*d without interruption, und, when I had finish*!, sat ; for rorao movents without rpeaking, thoughtfully stroking his beard. " Uo w»«s oridently impressed by what he had heard, and 1 w#i«e.i anxiously for Ins opinion. At length he looked up ," Mr. Drjsart," he said gravely, "you will be surprised to lcain that, your daughter is rot the first .who lias h-id thi* strungo ' ox p.'rience.' I'rowous t-Hants of Tbo Cedars havo heard exactly, the sounds which aho describes" X pushed my chair back half a yard in my astonishment; . " Impossible 1" Ho nodded emphatic .lly. " It is a fae% though I don't pretend to ex- ! plain it. lheso strange manifestations have; beon noticed at intervale for the last throe or four years—ever sinco the house was occupied J by a Captain Yandeleur, whoso orphan nephew—" "Vandeleur!" I interrupted. "Why, ho was a cliont of ours. Ho insured his nophow's Hfo in our ofilco for a large amount, and—" "And a fow months afterwards tho child suddenly and mysteriously died," my com panion put in. "A singular coincidence, to say the loast of it." " So eiogular," I acquiesced, "that wo thought it a case for inquiry, particularly as tho ex-captain did not bear-tho bost of characters, and was known to be hoad over ears in debt Bubl^am bound to say that after the closest iuvoitigatioa nothing was discovered to.sug gest a suspicion of foul play," "Nevertheless there had been foul play" ■was the doctor's reply. "You don't mean that ho murdered the boy !—thet pretty, fragile-looking little fel low—" "No, ho did not murder him, bat he let him die," Dr. Cameron rejoined. "Perhaps yon aro not aware," ho continued, " that tho little lad was somewhat feeble in mini as well as body ? I altonded him more that once at Vandolenr's request, and I found that among other strange fears and antipathies he had a morbid dread of darknois- l'o be alone in a dark room for only a few minutes was enough (o throw him into a paroxysm of nervous excitement. His uncle, who, by the way, pro fessed more affection for him that I could quite believe in, when I noticed how the child shrank from him - consulted mo as to. . beat means of overcoming this weakness. I strongly ad vised him to humour it for the pres r t,warning him that any mental shock mights ndanger tho boy's reason, or even bis life. I little thought those words of mine would prove his death warrant." " What do you mean ?" " Only a few days afterwards Yandeleur locked him up all night in a dark closet, where he was found the next morning, crouching against the wall—his hand clenched, his eyes fixed and staring—dead." "Good heaven, how horrible! But no word of Ibis was mentioned at the inquestI" .. "No | and I did not hear of it myself till long afterward, from a wcmau who had been Vandeleur's housekeeper, but was too mncb afraid of him to betray him at the time. From her, too, I learned by what refined cruelly the poor little lad's nerves had been shaken and his health undermined. If 'the intention makes the deed,' James Yandeleur was a mur derer " I was silent a moment thinking, with an un comfortable thrill, of Ethel's dream: " I wish I had never entered this,ill omen'd house! " I . exe'airaed at length " I dread the effect of this revelation on my daughter's mind." " Why need you tell her? " lie questioned. " My advico is to say nothing mors about it Tho sooner she forgots the subject the batter. Send her awry to tho srotide; change of air and ecene wili soon elf ice it from her me morf." ' He rose as he spoke, and took up h:s hat. " Whathas becomeof Vaudeleur? " I inquired. " I have heard nothing of him since wo paid tho policy." "He has been living abroad, I believe— going to tho dogs, no doubt But he is in ttrgland now," the doctor added; or else it was his ' fetch' which I saw at your gate the other night." "At our gate!" I echoed in astonishment. " What tho deuce was he doing there ?" " He seemed to be watching the bouse. It was last 8nnday evening. I had bean dining with friends atBichmond, and on my way back, between 11 and 12 o'clock, I noticed a man leaning over the gate at Tho Cedars. On hear ing footsteps he turned and walked away, but not before 1 had caught a glimpse of his face in the moonlight." " And you are sure it was he ?" "Almoit certain—though he was greatly altered for the worse. I have a presentiment, do you know, that you will see or hear of him yourself before long," he added, thoughtfully, as be shook hands and went his way. I Ioet no time in following his advics with regard to Ethel, whom I dispatched to Scar borough, in charge of my married sister, a few days later. I had taken a hearty dislike to The Cedars, and resolved to get it off my hands as soon as might be. Until another tenant could be found, how ever, I continued to occupy it, going to and from town as before. One evening I was silling on the lawn, smoking an after dinner cigar and re- reading Ethel's last letter, which quite reassured me as to her hoalih and spirits, when our s-dste old housekeeper prcseuted hersolf with the infor mation that a "party" had called to see ths house "A ge tleman or a lady ?" I inquired. "A gentleman, sir, but he didn't give his Y found ths visitor standing near tho opsn window of the drawing-room; a tali, gaunt man of 35 or thoreabouts. with handsome but haggard features,.and restless dark eyes. His lips were covored by a thick mousttche, which ha was no.-vously twisting as he stood looking out at the lawn. " This bouse is to bs 1st. I believe ; will yau allow mo to louk over it?" he asked, turning | towards me as I entered Jlis voice seemed familiar: Hoiked at him j .moro closely, and then, in spite of the change iu his appearance, 1 rscogned Cspt. A'andoleur Wins could have brought him here, I wot dercd. . Surely he would Dot caro to return I to the houeo. even if be were in a position to Co I s i—which, judging from the shabbiuess of bis appearance, s> em.-d very doubtful. Half a dozen vaguo conjectures ID"bed I through my mind es I glanced at his face, and | noticed tho restless, "haunted" lock which j told of seme wearing dread or anxiety. After a moment's hesitation I a wonted to his request and resolved to conduet him mysolf on bis tour of inspsction. " I tlunk 1 havo met you bofore," I said, feeling ourious to know whether he recollected Ho glanced at me absently. "Possibly—but notof late years ; for I have I been liviog abroad," was his reply. - . Having shown him the apartments on the ground- Hoar, I . led the way upstairs. He | followed me , from room to room to in an ab sent, listless fashion. till we came to the cham ber which Ethel had occupied. Then his | iutcrest seemed to revive all at onoe. He glanced quietly round tho walla, his oyea resting on the door of the box- closet. "That is a bath or dressing room, I sup pose ?'' he said, nodding toward it. "Ho, only a pine 3 for lumber. Perhaps I ought to tell you that it is said to ho haunted, X added, affecting to speak catzlessly, while X kept my eyes on his f ica. He started and turned t iward me. "Haunted—by what?' he inquired, with a faint sneer. " Nothing worse than rats or mica, I expect" ' "There is a tragical story connected with that place," I answered deliberately. "It is said that ran ; unfortunate child ^was rhut up there to dis for fear, in the d,rk. The colour r-shed to his face, then retreated, leaving it deadly white. "Indeed!" ha faltered; "and do you m:an to say that he, the child has been seen ?" " Vo, but he b is been heard knocking within and crying to be let out. The fact is confirmed by every tenant who has oeoupied the house sicca " I stopped short, startled by the effoet of my revelation. _ My companion was gazing at me with a blank stare of horror which banished all other expres sion from his face. " Good heaven?" I heard him mutter; "can it be true ? Can this be the reason why J„*as drawn b.ck to the place in spite of myself. BecolUctiog himself, however, ho tnrnea to me, and forcea his while lips in'o a smile "Mys'eiious story!" he cjmincntrd. dryly. "I don't believe a word of it myself, but I should hnrdly care to take a home with soch an uncanny reputation. I think f need no*, trouble you any further." . . As he luriitd towards lli« roar I saw bis figure sway as if ho were f sllinj Tie put his h»nd to his side, wiih a a*sp of pam, a bluish shade gathering over h's feee. . '•Are vju ill? ' X exelaime.l, >0 alsrm. "Itisiiotbing. I have a weakness of the heart, and I am subject to th'se attack?. May I ask you for a glass of water ?', , • _ I left the room to procure it. When i re turned I found he had fallen upon the bed in a dead swoon. _ I!hastily despatched a servant for Dr. Cameron, who happened to to at home. and came immediately. , , , , lie recognised my visitor at once, and glanced ot me significantly. I rapidly enplaned what hid happened, while he bent over (he uncon scious man, and bared his chest to listen to the heart beats. . When he raised himself his face was omi nously grave. . "Is he in danger?" I asked quickly. "Hot in immediate danger, but .the next attack will probably bo his last. Bis hearty is mortally diseased." It was nearly an hour before Vandeleur awoke, and then only to partial consciousness. He lay in a sort of stupor, his limbs nerveless, his hands damp and cold. . "It is impossible to remove him in this condition," the doctor remarked; " I fear he must stay here for the night. I will send you someone to watch him." . .. " Don't trouble—I intend to sit up with him myself," I replied, speaking on an impulse I couli hardly explain. He looked at me keenly over his spectacles. " Should you like me to share your watch ? he inquired, after a moment. " I should be only too glad of your company, if von can come without inconvenience." He nodded. . "I must leave you now, but I will return 13 an hour," he responded. Three hKurs had passed away; it was nearly midnight. The night was oppreesirely close and profoundly still. The bedroom window stood wide open, bufc not a breath of air slirred the curtains. Outside ail was vague and dark, for neither moon nor stars were vuible. ,, Vandeleur still lay half-dressed on the bed, but now asleep. His deep, regular breathing sounded distinctly in the silence. Dr. Cameron eat near the cresting table, reading by the light of a shaded lamp I uo had a book bnt found it impossible t j keep mya'tentioa fix id uron it. Mv mind was possessed by on uneasy feeling, half dread, halt, expectation. ■ - I f-.und myself listening nervously to fancied rounds, and starting when the doctor turned a leif. At length, overcome br the heat and stillness, II closed my eTes, and uneonsciouily tank into a dozs. How long it lasted I cannot tell, but k awoke abruptly, and looked round with a sense of vagus alarm.- T glanced at ths doctor. 3e had laid down his book, and was leaning m ward Willi one arm on the dressing table, looling intsnt'V towards the dojr of the box r.-om Instinctively I held my breath, and Never shall I forget the thrill that ran through toy n-rres when I heard from wi hm a knocking pound, and a child * voici% distinct, though faint and broken by sobs, cry ing uiteously : " L»t me ouf, 1st me out! "Do tou hear?" I whispered, bending for ward to mv companion. He inclined Ins head in ass. nt and motioned mo to bo silent, pointing toward the bed. He occupant movid uneauly, at if disturbed, muttering some incoherent phrases. Suddenly ho pushed hack his covering and sat untight gazing around with a wild, bewildered stare the pitiful eutrca'y was repeated more violently and moro passionately than before. "Jet 1113 out, let me out!" - With a cry that rang through the . room, Vandeleur sprang from the bed, reached Urn closet door in two strides, and tore it open. It was empty. Empty at loast to our eyes, but it waa evident that our companion beheld •what we could not. For a few breathless seconds he stood as if frozen, his eyes fixed with the fascination of terror on something j ust within the threshold: then, as if retreating before it, he recoiled step by step aero;s the room till he was stopped by the opposite wall, where he crouched in an atti tude of abject fear. The sight was so horrible that I oould bear 16 "Areyou dreaming? wakeup?" I exclaimed, and shock bis shoulder. Ho.raiseS.his eyes and looted at mo vacantly. His lips snored, but no sonnd- came from them. fJaddeciiy a convulsive shudder rail through &im;, and he fell heavily forward at raj feet. " He has swooned again," I said turning to my companion, who stooped and lifted the drooping head on to his knee. After one glance, ho laid it gently down again. " He is dead," was his grave reply. And with Yandeleur's death my story ends, for after that night the sounds wet^JteK#"91* mora. '? The forlorn little ghost was at 'rest— * Argosy." 