BITS OF FUN. "Is anybody waiting on you '"' tald a polit? sales nran to a young lady from tile coantry-. "Yes, sir," replied the blushing damsel. "I Thiat my yong man outsid I; e wouldn't come into the shop." A CEnTAI; mlinister, says the lropsle Fiend, I residing illn a remote district of thie itiellands, wasa cent for to christen the child of a lshepherd in one of g the loneliest glens of hIis parish. tie set out, but on reaching a burn which he Iad to cross about half wayo on his jolrncy, found it swolen, and the road impss calle. However, the fathler, who wasalreadyinformed g of tiss event, was waiting on the other sidse, and hl:as brought the baby with him. t'reliminaries I aving a been discossed, hie wr.ded out as far as Ie csuld into the stream, and held out the child at arm's lesgtih, I while tle minister, standing on thie othicr side, splashedit water with bhlth hands and with all his m:ciht; slorp- b ilg at intlervals to roar out, above tile ru.lshng ,f thie U waters-" Ils he eolten onl yet " ' Tn: fcllowirg is one of tile many very nmtsiong ii ancedotes whichl occur in " Memonirs of Generals." A rollicking libernian of tile lightdivision in the Penin- p sula, was once trudging leisurely along tile road with a f pig in a string behind himn, whlen, as bad luck would V hstc it, hie was overtaken by General Crautfurd. Thie s oslutation, as may be supposed, was not thie most cor dial. " lWhere did you steal tsat pig, you plundering A rascal ?" " What pig, Ginera l?" exclaimed th? culprit, p turning round to him with an air of tile most innocent i surpr ise. "Why that pig you have got behind you, E you villain." "Well, tIhenr, Ivow and protest, Gineral," tl rejdiined Paddy, nothing abashed, and turning round to n hIis four-looted companion as if Ie Ihad never seen him r before, "it is scandalous to think wlhat a wicked world we live in, and how ready folks are to take q naway an hIonest boy's character. Some blackguard, E wanting to get me in throuble, Ihas tied that baste to mns cartouelh-box.'" ArTU;atctt not the prettiest or the most interesting a dosme.tic favourite, the guinea-pig is in great esteem d willth tie young, probably on account of early associa- b lions. We have tile autllhority of the toy merchant tIlat tle animal was preserved in the Arkonly it seems at the present day to hIave degenerated somewhlat in size, since, upon the same authority, we find tlat in g thle time of Noah it was about tle equal inbulk of the v cow or the lion, and very little below thie elephant. b 'Tie clhange is no doubt due to civilisation, which is well klown to hIave tile same effect upon man and is otler inferior animals. On this accounrt the guinea- i pig is perhapsabetterfavouritewithvery younggentle smen of a playful nature, wtho find much delight in o putting it upon their elder sisters' neckls, especially ' when they ard in evening dress; generally a very a pretty experiment when tileo lady is unfortunately g alone with tile experimenter. As tilecreature is chiefly kept to be a nuisance to somebody, very little need be said about its manargement, tiseingenuityof its keeper e being in most cases equal to devising an oflicient a system of treatment for it. ThIe best kind of guinea- b pig is a prime bacon Ihog just fit for killing, or, failing Ithalt, a good fat porker in like condition; such pig, if a you can get it, will be found a capital investment for your guinea. Only, unless you are residing in the wilds of Tipperary or neighbourhlood, it is unwise to encourage it in tile best parlour. NOT many years ago there lived in a village in is Perthshiire two brothers, whoi were regarded, though in dilIerent ways, as characters. Tlleelder,besides being ii a meelanical genius, was of an antiquarian turn of g mirnd, and published a work of some ability on the "auld warld" stones of his native district. Tile g younger was chliefly remarkable for his drunkten " sprees," lwhich usually resulted in hIis summary re- t movatl into privwte life under official control. On one occasion a visitor mnadeinquiriesregarding the brothlers anrd tlIir cosnections of tel village beadle and grave :ligger-a worthly, some of whosoe eccentricities are recorded by Deasu Ramsay in hIis "sleminiseences." Jolm's answer tot thle questions of tile stramnger was, r "Wel, Jock's gaun aboot sellin' his 'Anttiquities ,' Jamie's in Perth for his iniquities, an' as for tiso auld folkl, tbey are doon in my veenyaird." usOrE one hIad hIis fortune told by an astrologer. After having, by means of ambiguous words, told tile man tile events of hIis past, present, and future lifet, the fortune-teller asked for his customary fee. " ilow I" said theo inquisitive fellow, "you swho pretend to know whast is hidden, were you not aoware that I had not a farthing in my pocket?" A rlt.nson meeting an old manr with silver Ihair and very blackl whiskers asked him how it happened that his beard was not as grey as thIe hair of his head. " lecause,"' said the old gentleman, "it is twenty years yotnger." A sEn?vAe wlo hald been admonished by her mistress to be very careful in "washlin' up" tile best tes.things was overlheard shortly afterwards indulging itl the following soliloquy while in the act of wiping the tugsr-hbasin:-" If I was to drop tbis 'ere basin, and was to catclh it, I suppose I shouldn't catch it; isut-if I was to drop it, andwasn't to catch it, I reckon I should just catch it." A queeen-LoosKIN customer insertedhis hIeadinto an auction store, nnd, looking gravely at the "lknight of tie linmmser," inquired, "Can I bid, sirP" "Cer tainlyr rcplird the auctioneer, "you can bid." " WrIl, thenr," said the wag, walking off, "I bid you god.rnight!" SclE:ss-l'ierhead at F--. Three drouthie cronies -viz., Tam l'ert,Johlnnis West, and Clharlio Swankie- are discussing, to them, tihe important problem how to raise the wind so as to obtain a supply of tihe needful; after vainly trying every plan they could thlink of, and iwhen about to separate, one of them thought Ie saw wast appeared to be a Ihalf-crown at the bottom of the pIier in thie water. How to gain the prize was now thse ill- absorhing question. No available meansbeing at lhand, and their drouth being now intensified, they at once agreed to thIe novel plan of lowering each othler by tiloe heeIcls-Tam first, Jolhnnio second, and Charlie (who was strongest) last. All went wel! for a short time, until Charlie's lmnds began to slip from Johnnie's hIeels, when hIe called out--" 'Ould on, John, till I spit on mny ha's," and down went Tam and Johlnnie over head and ears into the river. "Jusr fancy, I once met a nigger at Heidelberg, he was so dark that you Iad to light a candle if you wanted to'see him !" " And I lately saw a gentleman in iannlheim, hIe was so Ihins that hIe Ihad to come into tile room twice before people could see he was thsere." A unono man dressed in the Iheight of fashion was driving along a country road, and, upon gazing at a pond whlich skirted tse higlhway, said, "0e how 1 should like to lave my heated head in those cooling waters " An Irishman, overhearing this, said--" Bedad, you mightlavi it there, and it wouldn't sink !" An Irish sailor, who had just joined the service, inqluired from hIis mates if there was any ghosts on board. "Yes," they said, "as full as a clhurchyard." On tie strength of this information he used, on going to bed, to cover hIis head with the blanket, ond leave from hIis kInees downsward bare. One night Ite said- 'T,'is er blanket is a corker; it's too lonrg at the top ando too short at the bottom; and though I've cut off snsoe bits from the top and sewed them to the bottom, nivir a bit longer is it." T'rODOn IIooK was at a musical party, at lwhichl a certain young lady attempted to sing a very difficult song, which she gave with exsnggerated feel ing rnd a great many blunders. "Don't you adore her singing ?" asked a gushing old lady, who sat next IHookl; "it's so full of soul." " Well,, madam, for my part," answered tile wit, " there seems more of the ioulnder th.l tir solo about." Ttn? difference between a hurricane and a typhoon was thus defirncd by a British railor--"In n hurri canoe the wind blows as hiard as it can, but in a typhloon it blows as Ihard as it can, and then gives a jerk." T'.rsn a piece of paper, and upon it put in figures your ago in years, dropping months, weeks, and days. Multiply it by two; then add to the result obtained the figures 3768; add two, and then divide by two. Substract from the result obtained the number of your years on earth, and see if you do not obtain figures thlat you will not be likely to forget. A M?lssrEn of tlhe name of SFparks, whose pastorate lay is tile north, was the father of thlirteen children. At tile baptism of tile thirteenth, an aged brother divine, desirous to choose what seemed to him an appiropriate description of tlhe life of man, called on ths congregation to joinin singing the fifth paraphrase, lh'eginnitg with thie line, "As sparksl in close sue cession rise." So unconscious was he that Ile could not understand thle people's titter until, whelon Iheo desceudcd from thile pulpit, Isis pun was explained to him. Itisn. A Soonav-scnoom teacher wastotelling her schlolars about a bad boy Iwho stole a hIundred dollars, vhlen sel was interrupted by one of hier auditors with tbe query, "And hIow did Ihe get such a bully chlneo ?" 51s. 1--, did you say, or did you not say, what I said you said ? bIreausoe c- said yot said you never slid say swhat I said you said. Now, if you did say that, you did not say what I said you said, then wllat did you say ? A tIrsNlsu.?se en Japaneso traveller in the States wrote lnone: 'The chlief branch of education of young snrs Ilro is rowing. The people have large boat houses called 'colleges,' and the principal of thlese are Yale sud Harvard " 