Hie Origion of the Vander biit Wealth. Among the many notices of the de- ' ceased railway king, W. H. Vander bilt, I have not seen any reference to the real origin of the family wealth. Mr. Vauderbilt's father was, as every knows, Cornelius,, the so-called Com modore. Now, the commodore was the son of a hard-working man, who ran a small ferry- boat across the Hud son River. When Cornelius's father died, the husiuess was continued by the widow, who took on Cornelius as " deck hand" to work] the boat and look after the dimes. But Cornelius was both saving and pushing ; so that soon having accumulated enough -to buy or hire a small boat of his own, be started an opposition ferry to his mother's. The old lady bought him off and then Cornelius took his boat and started in opposition on several other established ferry routes, be ing " bought out" by each in succession with much profit to himself. He continued this game until he had accumulated enough money to buy a big steamer, which he then started in opposition, to a Boston com pany. Bought off there he attacked another line, and so on until lie had quite a fleet and a large balance. And then he sold out of steamers and " went for" railways. It is with refereuce to this trait in the commodore's character —his mania for opposition, and his lik ing for being bought off—that the story is +old of him and two other million aires on the shady banks o' Styx. Astoi i A. T. Stewart, and the commodore all died within a few days of each other. Astor died first, and A. T. Stewart second. The ghost of the latter, trudg ing through the gloom to Styx, found some one sitting on the bank. As he got nearer, " Snakes," said he, " if that ain't Astor 1 Why, Astor, what on airth are yon sitting there for ?" " Oh," replied Astor, " that old cuss, Charon, there, he wants to charge me five dollars to put me across. I offered him three, but he wouldn't trade, and I'm darned if I'll give him more !" "Well," said Stewart, "let's hail the old cuss and offer him five dollars for the two—-joint venture." So they hailed Charon, who demanded five dollars a head. This made Astor furious, and Stewart despondent, until a happy thought struck the latter. " I have it," he cried, " when I left up there old Vanderbilt was just nigh croakin'. I tell you what we'll do ; we'll just wait till he omes along. He'll start an opposition boat, and we'll get over for a dollar a head 3" (Left sitting.)—English paper. To the Fair Sex.—To females this medicine is par ticularlv commended. At. certain critical seasons daring- development of the functions, and at the change of life, giddiness in the head, Indigestion, faints, perspiration, eoldners or the feet, flutterings at the stomach, &o.;, come over the system. This medi cine should be taken, and a few doses will give relief. The system will be regulated, the fabric of the frame will be supported, and strength and visor imparted to the constitution, and the whole appearance very much improved. The medicine referred to is Crosss' Indigestion Drops. 