DARRELL DRAMATIC- COMPANY. True exponents of Shalkesperian tragedy are unfortunately only too rare. The aspirant to dramatic fame has now to devote the greater portion of his time to the delineation of characters in the modern sensational dramas which are produced to suit the popular taste. From "The Squatter" to " Hamlet" is a great leap, but the chango to the, latter at the Academy of Music last night was an agree able one, and the stalls and pit wore well filled by an appreciative audience, though it was disappointing to see the dress circle so sparingly patronised. Considering that the company was not got together with the special object of producing Shaklesperian plays, a great allowance had to be made for the general performance. The staging of the piece, however, as well as the dressing of the characters, was not up to expectations. Mr. Darrell has previously given proof of his ability as an actor, but last night, as the Prince of Denmark, lie agreeably surprised his ad mirers. His conception of the character was excellent, and his rendering of the lines denoted great study and close application. His delivery of the famous soliloquy was somewhat different in style to what we are generally accustomed, but 'it' was given with good effect. There was no stagyness exhibited by Mr. Darrell, his natural bearing being specially marked. In several scenes his acting was powerful, but was marred in many cases by the feebleness of his supporters. Miss Annie Mayor was fairly successful as Ophelia, though at first soe did not show to great advantage. Mr. J. P. West, as the King, did his part well, but it is evident that Mir. Forbes, who impersonated Hamlet's friend, Horatio, is more at home in the role of a masher. Mr. Oily Deering was seen to advantage as Polonius, and was perfectly happy as the first gravedigger, a part which exactly suited him. Mr. Hf. Jerdan, as uIcrles, did fairly well, but the Ghost of Mr. Rayner was not in accordance with our .idea of how it should be played. Rosen crantz and Guildeustern 'were indifferently represented. Miss Mabel 'l'racey was en trusted with a diflicult character as the Queen, but did her beat to make it success ful. On the whole the perform ance was an enjoyable one. To-night the company will appearin " East Lynne," 