MY NIGHT OF TERROR. I was eighteen when I finished my course at.the Oakwood Seminary, and graduated with honors (not meaning to sound my own praises, but facts are facts). However, I certainly deserved all the honor I obtained, for I had studied hard-bow hard I did not fully appreciate until it was all over- the sorry and excitement-and I went back home with papa and mamma, completely worn out. I found I was nervous and cross about two-thirds of the time, and for the rest I was listless and stupid, with no energy or ambition •for anything. Mamma finally decided that the best thing to do would be to send me to uncle Joe's to spend, the summer. This proposition met my hearty approbation, for I considered it one oQ the pleasantest places I had ever visited. It was ashort.drive from the neighbor ing city of C --- ; a large house sur rounded by beautiful trees and shrubbery The family consisted of Uncle Joe, Auntie Kittie, and five boys. The eldest, John, was married and lived in the city. Charley and Will were at college, and Harry and Fred, sixteen and nineteen were at home. They were both handsome, jolly boys, and I soon fell wildly in love with-both of them. I was quite pleased with my summer re sort as Harry drove me up the long gravel walk one lovely afternoon in May. The boys afterwards told me that they had quite a discussion as to which should go to the station for me. I felt justly flattered, and was about to acknowledge the fact, when Fred interrupted me by saying :- F Oh, no, Cousin Nellie, you are' laboring under a false impression as to our feel ings. I blush to admit either of us envied the job. Our idea was that being nervous and sick, you would be loaded down with a a dozen or more differeut kinds of medicine, which you would have to take every half hour, besides pills, smelling salts, and nu m erous other soothing restoratives. You would, of course, scream if we drove faster than a mild trot, and go off in a dead faint in case a hornless cov, grazing by the road side, raised her head and relieved her o \- contented ' moo.' We all laughed at Fred's description of a pervous person. : You really thought I was troublesome, then,' I said i Why, a nervous person must necessarily be very troublesome, of course,' returned he, and we laughed again That summer was a very pleasant one to me. I gained strength rapidly. My face soon lost the sallow, unhealthy tinge. I grew plulmp and rosy, and before the sum mer vwas nearly over I one day discovered on my nose --a freckle. The boys and I would walk, drive, picnic, and fish. There was quite a large stream of water about a mile distant from the house, and here we would frequently go and spend the day, fishing and rowing. It is a wonder I was not as brown as a nut. But 'early to bed and early to rise' is a good prescrip tion for a fine complexion, and I followed this rule. One morning I went as usual to the spring for water I knew it was early, and that it would be some time before breakfast would be ready, so I sat on a stone to enjoy the beauty of the early morning, and was soon lost in thought. The spring was not far from the house, but concealed from it by shrubbery. It was one of my favourite resorts. Here I loved to sit and watch the reflection of the sunlight on the crystal drops as they fell and splashed into the stone basin. I sat musing for-I cannot tell how long. Presently I heard a footstep. I thought it was one of the boys after the water, having grown tired waiting for me. SDoesn't it look beautiful ' I said without turning my head. v yery beautiful indeed,' came the answer, but not from Harry or Fred. I turned quickly, and saw atall man, his dark hair streaked with grey, and sad, mournful eyes, in whose depths I saw tears pnshed. 'Fair maiden whoso giveth a cup of cold \- pater in the name of the Lord shall be re warded.' He held out his thin hand. I filled niyr cup andhanded to him. He drank it all, never oneeremcing his eyes from my face I felt inclined to run but thought better of it- As I extended my hand for the cup he took it, and said. 'ILittle maiden you remind me greatly of my lost Minuna ; though we meet no more on parth, we will surely meet on that beautiful land where allis bright, and partings never come.' He raised his hands to his lips, and pressed a kiss upon it, then made a stately bow,. turned, and slowly walked away. I was quite nervous, and not a little frightened. Hastily filling my-pitcher I wfalked swiftly to the house, but d~termined to say nothing 'of iny advent'ure, as' I jingined the boys would tease me. At breakfast someone proposed that we should spend the day with cousin John in the city. The plan was unanimously agreed upon, and by 10 o'clock we were off. We had a delightfil time, returning early in the evening. The air seemed heavy and oppressive, which told of a coming storm, and now then a flash of lightning and a low rumbling roll of thunder broke the still ness. We sat on the verandah and told stories -ghost stories some of them were-until the storms drove us indoors. I had been so in terested that I had quite forgotten two letters and a paper I bad received as we stopped at the post-office on the way home. After I reached my room I greedily devoured the letters and then turned to the paper. Almost the first thing that met my gaze was the following : 'EscAPED-Last night from the lunatic asylhm, one of the male inmates. He is tall and dark, with long chestnut hair and brown eyes. Can be readily detected, as he has but two fingers on his left hand. -No efforts will be spared to arrest him, as he is at times raving mad.' Oh, how my heart sickened, I grew faint, and shook as though I had an attack of ague. Tall and dark ! Yes that must be the very old man I had met that morning. He might at that very moment be around the premises or even in the house, having gained an en trance during" our absence in the city. I thought I would go down and inform the folk of my surmises and suspicions, but, I re flected, it was no doubt only my imagina tion. My nerves were all unstrung, and how the boys would tease and worry me about the matter. So I resolved to forget all about it, for no doubt the okl man I thought crazy was only a neighbor, or some one out for a morning walk. So I quickly closed the blinds and locked the door, preparatory to retiring. Then I turned out the lights. It was now storming furiously. The wind blew. and at times the thunder was almost deafening. I closed my eyes, but only to see my old man, with his long chestnut hair curling about his neck. In vain I covered my head. I distinctly saw the great, sad eyes. The storm was raging without, and I lay shivering within. I heard the clock strike eleven, twelve, one, the fury of the storm was abating. I was just falling into a very sound sleep when I heard a low sound as of someone breathing, which seemed to proceed from immediately under my bed. I wass wide a-ake in an instant almost paralysed with fear. I held my breath to listen. Surely I heard some one breathing. Oh, if I had not locked the door I might possibly escape. The breathing became louder and louder; finally there was a move ment as of some one stretching himself, then a long sigh. I was mnute with agony; I could bear the suspense no longer. I raised myself slowly up, leaned over the side of the bed and peered into the darkness. For a moment I could see nothing; but as my eyes became more accustomed to the darkness, I saw to my horror, two blazing balls of fire which soon began moving towards me. The gaze was magnetic. The face with the eyes of fire drew nearer and nearer. I could hear the movement on the floor. I felt the hot breath upon my cheek, then all grew black, and I knew no more. When I returned to consciousness I was in my aunt,s room, and heard the boys at breakfast. Upon inquiry I had found that uncle had been awakened towards morning by hearing a fall and the barking of Prince, the sound coming from my room. He hurried thither, but finding the door locked he was obliged to enter by the verandah window. There upon the floor I lay in a dead faint, with Prince, the large Newfoundland dog keeping safe guard over me-Prince being the innocent cause of all the disturbance and my hours of agony. Uncle told me that when Prince was quite a small dog he had been out in a very severe thunderstorm, had ever since been very unfavorably impressed in regard to thunderstorms in general, and made it a special point to secure the seclusion of some accommodating bed during their progress. My supposed lunatic proved to be a lonely old professor who spent his summers near uncle's house, and loved to wander through the wood and among the hills. He was very wise and good, only a little eccentric. But I had both him and Prince to thank for 'my night of terror.' I aim to tell the truth.' 'Yes,' inter rupted an acquaintance, 'but you are a very bad shot.' ' What is a foot now V asked an acquain tance of a reporter wh~ was rushing for the office. ' Twelve inches still,' said the scribe as he shot out of sight. The Sunday-school boy w·s slightly con jfused when he said : Esau was a man who wrote fables, and sold the copyright for a bottle of potash.' ' Why is it,' asked Minme Z one day, • that you don't get married I' 'Impossible, my dear madam,' responded-X., ' I have such a horror of divorce.' A home missionary was asked the cause of his poverty. ' Principally,' he said, with a twinkle in his eye, 'because I have so often preached without notes.' The conductor exclaimed angrily, 'Here, don't do that, you're ringing the bells at both ends of the car.' 'That's right. Bedad I want both ends of the car to sthop.' A bright little girl who saw three sisters with hair of a rich auburn, remarked to her mother: ' Seems to me, mamma, thatkind of hair must be redheaditary in that family.' 'What did the Puritans come to this country for I' asked a Massachusets teacher of his class. ' To worship in their own way, and make other people do the same,' was the reply. Brown: Hello, Smith! I thought you were at Mrs Johnson's literary party ? Smith: I was! but that fool Jones began to read ' Hamlet's' soliloquy, and he read me out of the party, Boarding-house Wit.--Adolphus. (takes the last piece): This is very good bread, Mrs Thompson. Mrs Thompson (the landlady): Yes, and I think it better bred than some of my boarders. Wife : Why aren't you going to wear your dress suit, my dear ? Husband : Not much ! The last time I iore my dress suit at'a party a young woman ordered me to.brinj her a cup of coffee, and be quick about it. 