MELBOURNE. September 11. FttOM OUR OWN OOP.RESjeNDENT. In Parliament we have turned the session,' the half-way house has been left behind, and : the descending road spreads oat fair and clear before us. Another six weeks will be dawdled away, by which time the Irrigation Bill will : have been pushed forward to the door of the Council Cftamber, aud then will arise the wail of interests promiscuously slaughtered with.the' innocents. 'It is said the Government hope to •get through the Amending Local Government Bill, and tlie-ame/idinent'of the Licensing Act this session, but though the latter may be foiced, despite the temperance party, who are .girding-up their loins aud crying no surrender, , there is scarcely a hope for the former. The Tolls que-tion, which comes up annually like a hideous hand outstretched from a cemetery, 'appears to have subsided into its grave again ; but the estimates this year are choke full of burning questions, which are not likely to bB rendered less troublesome by the development of Mr-Gillies' financing policy, which appears to be of the robbing Peter to pay Paul, and borrowing of Solomons to reimburse both orders. The events.of the sessionouly confirm what I indicated at its commencement, that 'beyond;the Irrigation Bill, the Estimates, the Bill dealing with the Prospecting Vote and its method of disposition,^'" and a few minor measures, which are.not of a very deblteable character, we shall not have, anything to record ftir the session's work. The Government are evidently afraid to touoh the tariff question for the sake of reiieving'tbe saivjbillers, the timber trade, arid ihe sugar refiners, though iier'e let me whisper—^some members of the- "present^Cabinet are so "deep iu siigar" that it is possible that even at-the last'moment their sympathies'might be awakened to prevent the ruin- of the. planters, arid the consequent' hurt to their own pockets, though of course I don't mean to insinuate thit this would bo done in auy illegitimate way. The outlook, however, is'that with the "paissage of the Irrigation Bill, and there is bo doubt there will be somb' warm work over it in the Upper Chamber, the practical work of. the session will come to a close without amendment of' the many illogical-mistakes inflicted on our statute"' book duriug the previous tivo years. Sir Patrick Jennings' Victorian experiences se'ein to have'made him 'an enthusiastic ap-' plicaut of the iron hand, and no one would be surprised now if he were to announce the intention of the Government"to sit continuously muti! Chiistinas Day,"adjourning only, at intervals to attend the funerals of members of, the • Opposition. Sir Patrick is evidently a mister of the art of tiring out the enemy by forcing him'to deliver'blows, at long range until exhausted, but the mamier iti which he h js forced through hir'rail.ivay lines", by sitting . from Thursday ..afternoon until Friday night for the purpose, .bririgs'to'me the,bonsiderstibri' that- la deputation waited oil Mr 'Gillies a few days : agi'v the''main,object.of which was to pr-Spuse the cnristrucUon' of a trunk "line to New South-Wales to -supersi-de the existing! one:via Albu'ry. The'line.suggested was, the' continuation' of the'Lilydale one.vire Warburton, and thence, through the ' mountainous' country fnriningXhe tniiin divide to the'borders ot- New Sooth "Wales." It was contended that -' iis ; tlie "New ^South'Wales border is -tieiirbr to r Melbbiirne.lf this route is taken,'thari it is iat. the Murray,' Sj'dney vyoiild naturally, .push her ," lines forward , to meet us iu 'tliis direction, and that as mails auli'passengefs"always take the i shortest' and most expeditious route, the ulti- : mate -result would be- that we- shpuidtrayel.to ' Sydney Ha Mount Baw Baw instead of through' the'ievei country: . Anyone who knows the country round Warburton and the giants of,- our Alpine territory, can realise the hopeless-; ness^ of-tlie 'wish-of the sturdy mountaineers, for railwaj's in that region cost thousands per mile too much.„™_-^ — You may have observed this week that consequent -upon'the .iriterruptibn bf'the'other cable lines, the European telegrams have been coming to us significantly marked via Siberia. I wonder- how many telegrams .we should receive via Siberia if the Empire was engaged in a war with Russia,' and>what would be the average bf..truths'in-them.- '• _ ; . About a .forcuight-ago.I, suggested a series • of literary questions for -the amusement of-your I readers^. ..Subjoined rue a. few more -upon wliich I hope your readers' will exereise their wits No; 1.—What ,is the origin of good wine - needs no busli? ; Ni • 2 —What w ib Gainmer Gnrton's needle, and the meaning of the first word ? No 3 —What n as the Scavenger's Daughter, and -how,-was the, phrase derived-- •" No 4 —Who JS the author of the following, : admittedly, the best -exposition,-of the Intersexuahty, and mcorporeality•, of: She-denizens -i of.the spiritual.-world on record?- • ,' • «< r, , :-,,.- • -. -- .-:,.'; Tor,spints wheu they please - - ,..: .Can-either se.v.assume,-or both sosoft - : .; i ... AnduucomponndedistJieireiseflcepnre; ..-.--.,.•-•'•: i -. Nobiied-ormatlaeled ^ntll ]omfc and flesh.. - - \- - Nor houuded on the brittle strength of bancs „ , - , Like Ctunhrous flesh.• -- - . . :' ', NO..'5.—Who was the-ajithor ijf tW-iacorrect •and hritruthful, poetic fancy, that > - •,, .-. ,,; llia f the best laid schemes pf mice and men gaugi^ft Asley"fi.we :aror.told|j(m.'i««iy.:(pood'^ autnority,,aud,our.ojvn, persoual.obsarvationaffords from,,day to. day the,-most abundant e earroh;,rat;o;; of fnat, afihorism ol".'the-fuct. But in no direction is this more apparent than,- in -..the.'histuriesupf.'.-some ,oi .purYmo^timoted criminals,{rHere.is.thelatestinstance.,.;AbPUt.i the beginmngiofthe.year.jati,extensive burglary, • from a well-known jeweller's Avas effected: v-1 The operation was most skilfully performed, aud the thievesgot away withoiearly a thousand 1 pounds wpith of booty Months went by, and •the detectives could obtain, no -clue. "One day,' hqweier, tbejr were strolling, through tha :E.astern;.MBrke,t,|iyhen.|;l)^Vcame.-faCB'to:f^:-i : ,. with a.man ,who . had been convicted mauy a.-• time and oft and alwa b -the same means, nainel lie had n unconquerable habit of ' keep ng me little memento if each burglary he was connected-with""" 1 "Well; lohnfon, said one of tlie 1) s ,,£ot,rid -of all the swag • thi time Ye s^ dJohnson withasmilo, the whoe lot -of it Perhaps! "-answered the D 'At my "rate come and let's have -a r lopk through you 5 Johns in was "taken into a loom hi6 pockets seaichpd wha'n lo and hold,was:founda'lady;s:,'oomplianEr6SB1'!K r or!;'ht'> at the qutside is that ho had retsuued as a keeis ke The cross wa identified by'the ewe ler, and the clue is being followed irpmith such jsucces that eye long JohiSSon>Vill find wwk trait 5;eu,^ee imfailihgjyibrinfjS) dpwn on,' him the Nemesisjifiirustipg. , ^ i^i tt : A man .with V-J'„"moial,kink';,«frvasrthe!nBW' ..sbn'i^fei'bnfei^big'hy oer thfidpcftmebt vith a- Is iHftan, iftid swth ' -. * diwegjrd pfethe circumstance "thaf i^ 0 oldeoihS^ntWh in 1 blue will Jtap him oij,ihe sjjonlder. .Buf hri tmust be a cooUyillatnindeei 'Brio is prepared to.take 'the change,out of; at" NoiAtecbilrit" iriOBnead^theSappybride^iwins&ppro;'achedihW,' 1 ti' 0 u I mu 01 ftlitl foi h W f nntt ^ep^aeOTW^wlis^ibmpiieil 'mtL^^n extra ^ilffiffllS^iSi^ l h l ! r - riil lv -« oddelTur , 1 11 < 1 11 1 in 1 >1 rn thil cheque piescnt^di it rtnii-, turnedbj th;,n"oouuta'n' w*thn,ihat,loo> ot i| l 1 ! o » v 1 i n m li In ItiA id P , u o i 11 r n * lttlt I l. uV 1 i Mill | 11 ' , U 1 1 ^ he baH J < \- , cW ° a . J b 1 '' " "'icwflf*-* 1 -ier ilbs <i testmM . , it 1 101 , , « H, r h f JSs' Ue - f f "8 ^ni fir lie c . 1 S^of liitfKUo-be oKord'd'S ^..Sfiito*™ ipealsinJSridJjHS » young fellow who was amongst the first to leave for the Kimberley dutnct, -and the ao- 'count he gives of the place is not likely to lead anyone to leave all and follow in the footsteps of the pioneer. It isn't that he proclaim* the rash a dilffcr altogether, but rather the insane haste that must have possessed, hundreds of men to rush thither, wholly, unprepared, and BO badly equipped that when they left the steamer at Derby they were absolutely helpless. He writes direct from tie field itself, aid. anions: other thingn, jbts:—"There i» £->Vd hue thai m certnn, for I have got, and am still getting, some myself. But there is not anything like sufficient being obtained to Warrant such an influx. Woe betide scores of the poor (ievi)s who are on their way here. Many of them can never reach, but must drop down and die by the way. Already there, is a talk of organising relief parties: but we are ourselves fearfully hampered." He then goes on to say that he and three others have clubbed their capital, and mean to see the thing through, and to this end are making preparations to. push further on prospecting. He winds up—" If any of the boys we know think of having a try, for heaven's sake stop them, no matter what expense they have been to. Let them wait till they hear from Be again. The diggers here are lowingliomble vengeance against O'Donnell and eome of the other fel- Invrs who are alleged to have spread false reports. The Opera House has fallen on evil days; for a long time business had been anything but flourishing. Then Miss Emelie Melville and Signor Verdi joined the company, and for a tune things looked up. The treasury could jingle its gkekeU, and on pay dav the ghost walked with commendable punctuality. Then a dark cloud—this tima as large as a. woman's hand—arose on the horzion, and Miss Me'viUe receded, followed almost immediately by Verdi. This was a serious blow, the effect of which was only softened by Miss Iranora consenting to be rcingaged. Gut. now a worse shock hat been received. The Central Board of Health has issued its fiat tbBt after the ensuing twelve months a license will not be issued to the Opura House, owing to the ramshackle nature of the buildings. The result will be that down will come the Fcene of some of the late Mr William Saurm Lysters great operatic triumphs, and up wiU go a new "Temple of Song," sufficiently palatial to keep pace with modern luxurious requirements. Just here it is as well to note that the coir tractors for the Alexandra have so far 'kept faith that the handsome new theatre is to be opened on the 1st October with "Bad Lads," by the same authors as " Mixed or the Three Hats," a comedy that made the sides of half Melbourne ache with laughter when produced at the Bijou. An excellent company has been got together, md is to be led by a Mr Stanmore, a recent importation from England. Unusual preparations are being made to open the Alexandra, with eclat, an attempt is to be made to secure vice-regal patronage. How on earth all the theatres are to be made to pay is a puzzle that only time can work out. Wntinn of the drama and music remiuds me that a new series of waltzes called "The Cherries" are m great favour just now in private circles. They have up to the present made their appearaiice on one or two ball programmes. but are certain to become the rage soon. They are extremely tunefnl, and the tune is well marked. Another new set of waltzes ore the " Adelaide," but these I have not heard played yet, and only know by hearsay, They. are, however, said to be worth adding to the homejnusical cabinet. The school cadets continue to be trained at the Williamstowu butts with the new pea rifle, adopted by the Education Department, for the purpose of teaching the young slia;p-shootini:. But in one or two instances lately the martial zeal of the teachers has somewhat outrun their discretion. The cadets have been taken out on cold, damp daye, with the result that bad colds have been caught, and knickerbockers spoilt by being covered with mud. Just here is where mater-familias is likely to step in and put to rout the youthful armies of Victoria. In ber eyes, a severe attack of catarih in the present is a more difficult matter to repulse than a French attack in the distant future. 