A LADY'S LETTER. London, 19th March. Mr. Editor, — Tho most absorbing topics in the drawiugrooms of Londou just now aro tho two dreadful accidents by sea and land — tho loss of tho splendid Cunard steamer Oregou, by collision whilo nearing Now York, and the rail way accident nt Roquebrune, near Monte- Carlo— also by collision. Eight hundroi lives were saved by a miracle on tbat favorite ship ; still the instantaneous disappoarunco of tho schooner with all sho held on board of lifo is a dreadful scono to imagine. Again, that horriblo crash of two trains on tho picturcsquo slopes sklrtiug the Mediter ranean, threo of tho carriages falling fifty feet into tho sea, ia : another hidoous picture to contemplate. Happily no English visitors woro umong tho killed or wouuded in tho latter catastrophe, although a -'picnic party was in tho train at the time.- Tho - death of Lord ' Dnpplin . at, Cannes about 'tho timo of tho accident in . the ' vicihity took nil tho English sojourners there by sur prise. Ho had arrived at Cannes, only a few days boforo his death, mid' although indisposed, owing to a bilious attack, nothing dangerous was apprehended. : Tboro is. a rumor that Lord Duppiin's name was included in tho list of gue3ts for Lord Cuirns's ball, but on being submitted to the Prince of:\Valos it waa dis approved of for some cause. This affair morti fied Lord Dupplin so much that it produced a serious effect at that moment upon his health mentally nnd bodily. Ho -leaves a young motherless daughter, but no! son, nnd hiB youuger brolhor will succeed to tho Kiunoull title and estates, tho personal property going to his daughter. Ho was well- known as a mombor of the Jockey ..- Ciub . up to tho timo of his demise, ', but ;' his active couneotion with it 'ceased soon hftor Petrarch won for him tho Two Thousand 'Guinoas and tho St Lcgor in 1876. Mr. Gladstone's rest from his Parliamentary labors has done him a vnst amount of good, and he is looking particularly welL This is said also of tho Queen, who, from appearances, seems to havo takeu a new loose of life. Tho Princess Bcatrico opeued tho new wing of tho Hospital for Diseases of tho Ghost on tho 15th insr., that date boing tho 72nd anni versary of its establishment. Tho Princess was accompanied by Princo Honry of Bat- tonberg, and thero was much excitement on tho occasion, a large number of persons lining the Oity-road, whoro tho hospital is situated, aud a groat display of bunting on tho house tops nddiug to tho guy aspect. Tho Middlesex Rifle Volunteers furnished a guard of honor to tho royal party. After the servioes iu tho ohapol (conduotod by tho Bishop of Bedford and tho chaplain, Rev. R J. Dovorenx) wero ended, tho royal visitors visited tho women's ward, and thero an address was proeentod to thoir Royal High nesses by tho chairman of tho building, committee, Lord Charles Bruco, in whioh it was stated that the hospital was the flrat institution of tho kind established in Europe for the treat ment of consumption. Tho Princoes responded vory happily, with thanks for tho kind expres sions contained in tho address for horsolf and Prinoe Honry, and with Biucereat good wisheB for tho prosperity of tho work. Hor Royal Highness thon reooived tho purses, tho contri butions amounting that day to £500. Tho royal family aro coming forward very kindly to assist in matters oi oharity and publie good, and tho many hints thrown out by the pre&3 to tho Queen to do a groat service to tho country in its present need havo not fallen od dull ears. -It is , tho unanimous wish ol, tho . people that thero might lie 6 repetition oi tho good old days when tiiero was a court at St. James. What a commotio!) .would bo produced if there wero suddenly a re- vival of the progresses of those costly State chariots, valued at -400 guinoas, tho semi-StatS chariots and magnificent carriages in whicix the nobility used" to attend tho Stale cere monials. The presoncoof tho oourt would lend such an impetus to trade that millions of pounds would bo spent hero which, for a long numbor of years, havo gone into the coffers of continen tal shopkeepers and hotel proprietors. So sadly has thero been a need of somo aristocratio show and parado othor than the meagre display during London's brief season, that there was a hope that if Franco should expol her Orleans and Bonaparte princos they would cross the Channel, and braving snow, fogand climatic horrors settle down in oar midst. Foreign wealth and station aro gladly woicomed in the prosent state of affairs, and some of tho Wes£ End tradesmen have already begun to count on'1 tho expenditure of your Sir W. J. Clarke. The1 Prince of Wales held a lh-ic on Monday last, and amongst the Australians present wore Doctor Ahearuo, of Queensland, Mr. Abbott and Mr. Edward Coombes, O.M.G., of Now South' Wales. Tho Duches3 of Marlborough lout her presence to the opening of tho Richmond Dames Habitation of tho Primrose League at the Star' and Garter Hotel. To show tho strength of thq Conservatives there waa a crowded attendaueyj tho ladies preponderating, all wearing a boa-; quet of primroses. I have sometimes wondered if the love or admiration of this favorite flower" does not often add votaries to the causo, for. trifles in tho way of sentiment have frequently achieved wonders. The mem bers of the Primrose League now num ber 80,000. From the begiuuing of tbo New Year to the month of March eight to ten' thousand members have been enrolled weekly. The Duchess was enthusiastically grcatuJ, and her speooh pressing tho necessity of energetio work to uphold the ancient honor aud privileges of tho country was neatly coached iu ianguago not offensive oven to the Radical ear, unless it -wore hor denunciation of Mr. Gladston's Homo Rule. She said, "Fresh aud radical change,, rather than moderate reform, was the order of tho day," which remark elicited okeeis -, and "If Mr. Gladstone succeeded in handing tbo government of Irelaud over to agitaiors and rebols, it would not only be finally ruining Ire land, but seriously endangering tho welfare of tbo Empiro." Cheers again 1 Her Grace's opinion is tbat women should mix in politics when there was a fear of danger. As a sort of counterblast to tho attempt that was made by Mr. Labou- chero to abolish the House of Lords, that august body has found a resentful person ag.-.inst tho measure in Lord Kintmoro, who hand 1 in a notation from the Buccleueb habitat ion .ir rim Primrose Lcaguo praying for tbo abolition of thoHousoof Commons, on the ground of ' tli-i disloyalty and intemperate language of many of the members." The petition, howover, was- ruled out of order. Tito famous Mrs. Wcldon has again appeared in court. This timo 1 Bho brought an actiou against Mr. St. John Wontnei-,' .who was tho solioitor of the Treasury nt the. timo when Monier was prosecuted at her in'stonoe. The judge ruled that there was no evidence to show that Mr. 'Wontnor was over 'hor solicitor, and tho jury found a yordiet for -him, stating there was no reason whatever to believe in the al legations brought against him by Mrs. Woldon. Sho was, however, moro successful in hor net ion against Messrs.' Routlo'dgo, against wljom site reoovored .a yordio't for an alleged libel. The. amount of the': damage is to. bo settled, but sho is modest enough to ask only for £10, COO. Adolina Patti's name is frequently brought up. with tho lucrativo if not extravagant en gagements offered to or accepted by . her, and an exceptional proposal from South America has not been finally settled. Sarah Bernhardt! leaves for that country in April,' tiud if Patti were also to docido .a littio ' later on in.: its .favor . thero. could' bo no more noted arrivals in their rospcctivo fields of art than these two famous stars. If their coffers have bcen'wdll filled on this sido. of tha water, womight safely predict, for Xhain thoir immense profits and lots. of the flashing gems of whioh Brazil makes such' proud boast. Tho extent of Patti's fortune has long been ques tioned,' but' one of her perisonal friends has summed it up, according to his . estimate, aa worth more than £100,000 in lauded property aud diamonds. Whilst tho cold weather has been a soarqe oi- misery to the poor, whoso ciy. for aid is now oxciting so much public attention, it has not' boon unwelcomo to'thoso who are fond of skat ing. The interest in tbo .frozen lakes was not) at all abated during tho past week, and' despite shivering frames, ueuralgio pains and a lot of ovils arising from tho severity of the north-east windB those lovers of tho sport still continue to ask pleadingly, " Do you think it will thaw ? OU 1 I hopo It will freeze hard to-night. " So it goes ! pleasure is won by somo at the expense of sorrow for others. Tho atmospherical indica tions yostorday pointed to raildor temperature) and softer skiee, and to-day as I write you thia letter thero Is actually a flood of ,6un- shino streaming in my windows. The theatres will rejoico ovor tho ohango, aa the attendance has been soriously affected by tho soverity of tho weathor. Tho English ladies, who aro proverbial for theatre toilettes whioh aro either decollete or have V-shaped bodices, have invariably during tho lost tea ovenings worn their wraps over thoir shoulders, prepared to mako thom olose fitting in th$ caso of as uncomfortable draught, and some ot tho gontlemon havo kopt ou their heavy coats, . hiding in a groat measure thoir immaculate' euowy shirt bosoms. Thp private view of Mr. Hoimau Hunt's piq tures at tha Fino Art Sooioty's iu Bond-street was bo groat a crush that the people iqat almost smothorcd, end thoy wer» oertaiuly Ion tho euro road to osph>3lfi:!oa If sombi Outlet had not boon discovered to Mr. Serbert Marshall's exhibit in the ad joining rooms. Tho dense element was nor altogether aristocratic or appreciative) and as it takes all BortB of people to m&ko; up tho world, so it takes a variety to form tho critio world of an artist's show. Still among the phaff wo garner out such golden grain as Pro fessor and Miss Seeley, from Cambridge, Arch deacon Farrar, Mr. Bcnham, Mr. Wm. Black, Sir Blsdon Bennet and Sir James Hannen. Among the artists wero Mr. (and Mrs.) Frith, J1 A., Mr. M'Whirtor, A.R.A.. and Mrs. Fhene Spiers, from Burlington House. The musical art 1b to attracting most attention was Madame Antoinette Sterling. Mr. Holman Hunt was fwimg his friends a portion of tho afternoon, And was of course the cynosure of many eyes. TT?o famous piotnro, Tho Finding of tho Saviour In tho Temple, was represented by a small copy. 3ho original is among Mr. C. P. Matthows's polohrotod collection in Hertford. 