MA S MIRACLE; OR, A YAN.KEE HlOUE Wit lE'S SiOiR. Antonyt Lichen was may young m an, acel indd i wu- a very tce youing Wan, and it en.n t hi fault hLe was Dutch: that all cuse from bhe-o torn inn foinig iparts, tan might have ttpp n-le to anyone; but inm tnother as Amerie.,t -American to the b',o;,hone, shed oftlen say; and shle had a war of s!howini foreigner their plane, that wasn't pleasa.v:t to tht::: and :sine times it provoked them, eo they'd utip and give lir a piece of! their uind--a thing shlir couldn't put up with, as she said, couting of a decent family that had no foreigners in it. "Sophia, my dear, we're all foreigueres in onre part of the world or another," rmy father would say. If ve was to go to Holland, Sophia, we\l be foreigners there, you know." .But mother she'd not believe it. "It's them would be foreigners all the same," she'd say, " wherever we were. And how you could like to think of yourself as such I do not know." And I couldn't tell wlhich was right, for I was not bo.-learned, but just a plain young woman ithat triled to do her bet. Only I knew that we couldn't hlpahre we were born. "Ohl, mother, I uiset to say, "I do declare tograciouns ttas al mea of yon to talk so of poor Antony! If hle'd robbed a bank you couldnt go on worse!" But all mother wonlld say was Oh, Jana. Jane ! how can you be so besotted with , theDutch??" STisn't the Dutch, ma,a says I. "It's Antony all by himself. "And thati' eactly the samte thing," says sihe. Oh, It.i as dreadful Sally Ann hadl her young man. He was a farmer. And Amelia Matilda haild htiers, lie was -a farmer, too. - And I'm suaceneither of them was as nice as my Antony Lichen. But nmother never raid a word against'emn becaune-as I said once when I was dreadful 'mad, regularly hopping-they grew oni the noil like the Scabbagesn. Stlly Ann might have lher comupany- a Sunday evening, and Amelia Matilda hemn a 'Wednesday, but there was no time for uis. I wasn't naturally sly. I wouldn't have you think that of me for worlio. iBut your stelady compauy is your steady company-, conae whlait may, and we made up our minds we'd tee each other whether folks liked it or not. That 'is tihe wav it began. What begn? Oli, his coming sly into the newing-room on the second leoor, where thle machine wase ; getting ilst on the feuce uand then on the ihed, and thee in at the window. And I'd say toInother : " M1othier, Ini going up to riew." Andl lhlo'el say, " Well, Jane, jet as you like." And then Id go up thlere; and wlien I'd go up there ; and when I'd put my candle in the windowe , iln would comnes?ntony; and Id work the treadle with mty toot to derotn our voices. Thei room was a little one, and all it held was the machine and one cane-chair, and one lbig arm-chair, with a striped clinte cover. Oh, yes, anel a pleach ba=ket Sen used for our work. Two people aboutl, filled it up, but Antony used to nay it was just like heaven. Antony was very poetical. If mother only could have overlooked hils being Dutch, I'm certaini sure she'd lhave eaid no too. Well, it was delightful. I never was happier. Every time the stairs creaked, wer thought it was nea, who is a very ilesry lady. And I used to think that if Antony should jump out of the window in a huirry,antd get ldown the wrong side into the cistern, and be drowned, what a dreadful thing it would be. Or even if he wasn't drowned, our watch-dog, hose, might take it into hlis head to hold him] , and pa hal a gull, andt of course hle'd think it was a robber. Every horrid picture I conld think of I did : but things never turn out as you expect they will. Whaet youe dread never happens, and what you ndoe't does. We might have been meeting iii that sewineg erooi yet, for aill I know -ele and Antony-if it, hadn't been for the arm comning off that perkyclmir. What tookl it oif I don't know, but off it was ainyhowi and pa, who is a great lhand toIn muned things, lugged it away up garret to mendt it. 'When lIe got it mended tIe had to leave it until it set, of course.; and that evening there was only a coimmon clhair and thie lpeach-b.asket in the room. Antony eat on the peach-basket turned bottomt upward, and I sat working the machine ; and we were talking and wlei.pering and kissing as folakta that liked each other as ee do, you know, when all of i sudden creak, creak, went the stairs. " That's tea,'! says I. "It is nobody," said Antony. " It is the usual falso alarm." Creak went tile ira U again. ' i1, is na thin time," says I. And just then I heald scoLie one fumbling in the dark for the lhandle of the door. lThere wats no time for An thony to get out of thle window, but it sudden notion eei-eed nle -an idea that seemede to fall fromn tle stars. The slip-eover of the armet-chair hung over the neachine, and an Antony sat on the lpeaehbasket, I slipped it over his lhead, lie tookl the idea in a minute, and liplped his hadis into the right place, and there lie was, in a snmo ent, at chint '-eovered ari-nlchair, and nothing else. Seared us I was, I couldc't help laughing when I sawe sma there looking sialraight at it, and never guesasing it was in- ithling hut what it oseened. How industrious you be to-night, Jane," said shte, "I've coie p to tell you Dominie Sayrbrooki's soc is In the parlour, inquiring for you. You might put on your enhite dies aneil that nset you had for Christncas, before you coce down, I alould think. Your hair in sproony. teneins fntiy to e how your hair comeur seo musedl. I never 'esaw it nicer tiln ie t ,tes at tea." Now I hated Dominice Saybrook'e son. The pesakiest fritter I ver aw, indil I wouldn't have had hint if hlodl been nhle of gold and linued with dianonds.. But I knew that it wasn',t possible for mortal snce to sit as still as A nlony was nitting much longer; and le was a little jealous of Sain Buaybrookl, and if he weas to wrigglo over so little, ma'd boee him teritin nire. So I didn't nalke any aenwer but---"' Ye, sma-right' away," anud I went to the door in a hurry, hoping ohed come after sme to my bedrnooe ant give n poor Anltoty Is eltance. But what were nmy feelings wlen lia jest turns about and goes past nce, alnd F-aye she : " I'll jest sit down in the aria-chair and rest a bit, for theie oteee staiirs allers takes my breath away." And deon she sot. I heard the peaeh-basket go epquash, and I heard Antoeny cry out " Achi Ilnlmel ;" ead there they weri tiat on the floor, ma atop and Antony's head nmothered up in the col cr. I gave up all for loot, and just stood and shruenk, when all of a euddeo tup jumped sia and rusthed out of the teooem witlh her hands over lher eyean---I after her: "I Oh, tea ! sne ? says I. "Oh, Jane ! JlAce !s" says ste. Inever expected I bliontd see ia miracle, It's a sign of death," seys sihe; i I tknow I asan't live ai year." We'd got into the dining rooem now, aend thlere was pa and the help, and sister Sally Ann and her beau, and Amelia llMatilda asutl hero. " Oh, what is tlhe matter?" 'aye one, and, "oh, what is tce matter?e" ayo tother. I held liy tongue, for I saw isa hadn't found out Antony yet. " Ot ! oh ! oh l" nayis tte. " Oh ! oh l ohl! You won't Ieclieve ste, I know ; but JaIno csw it. I went to sit down ice the arm-ehleir ini the aeeteeg room - the ehletet arn-cehair, 3o0 keote-acene it woreo Dutch at me, cnd tunebled etoneu. ctct- a nmiracle, I kiowe. Itos a sign ned a token, and 111 be gone tefore a year is passed l'nt nieered to death. ittn steered to death!" iNouienlese,e Sophy," saya pa. " There nin't no armn chair iil the eteing-roonm. ]t's up ie the garret a mnleuing," "Tell you I incW it," oays tits. "Dill't I, Jatnte? Didn't I sit itt it, and it swore Dutcl, and tutnlhed over." "' did e ee it," aayn I, "and it dil go svem." " Bother l " 553, lea. "I'll en for mt'oelf.' And tp tstairs lee rac, and cll of eo after htnlt; Dut Antony wse guoe, and the red cover leueg over the sowing-machinlt.to. "Thtere's no chair there," nay pa. it T'eni,' saym poor sen, "i've ereeu its ghost, or elan Satan took thee forne ouf iU arnl-cihair, for I ewiar it Cicoro Dntch ! " IWc hail a dreadful tihe with ina eulat night, cuel I did nOt heow 'what to doi; but 1 wrote a line to Antony that morning, Onele he acted like a nlalc. lie raeme over -ind collfensed, and I believe naved nla's life; ailyetoe,, n]eu was so glad to fillet there hane't beet aey mutraete after nll, that niee said she'd forgive us. Aed Aintony did c al beauliful, I aet nlrO; and u he linete it waer lis itfortoe', not hles tault, to be a foretgeer, and that te neight caune to Cete 0 when leo cloe; and teat's how it ill elided. Andt we'ro Inarred nor , ane d st ave l ouricelt chlihiren, and tverything that heart can wush. And Sally Ann is married to her young mace, and Aneria Iatltda to hcre, beet theoy ain't neother of 'ee ls ]eappy al lme ant Antony, if we didu't h?a'o the fever elid ague doete't le our lilace. I asked for tie bIg arm-chair when I went to ihocee-. kee'lh,'; secd I not by it, I cane tell ,ou. Soueemlle.a I'll look at it nntil I kinder think old courtlt' days eilUt go?ne tald Altotey is itslelo of it, snd ma eteakin' ready to sit dolan. YoU eee, in romaccte elispoioitton, asd allure N'ci'riliNo is sen good fcr ai igiorantlil tenl so nilecirace; icntl if lie wase- n--ensibtle of thuic he wouid lc t ie i igioralnt, Mt1.rac.cous. dlii n-c-entratil eieec naerrow oar leunovo leicee-, iiitil ecinller 1tet like ,qei'entin, io infttcl oalrsncles ws ihi lr;ie iet - uui Io ltlri iou1, centr lieig itc ell le- I seorhl Iece,,idcs. N"teiectuilirenvyun iilnlel seil It aeeli ihitghtilh;a l belire-s in tie Itir)ic Itiee,- hiirceies,----. 1 e-,?r/r '-Ui. (.itICIu I eooD (elee. ticleitqilel i es ipa i nsecire visti to enec--.lo -ie o111ti nevr- ; m'ie w reee-poilele aee -use for lie thea' of ii lerliro s prceelots ln itmIf, which will - nooti lalOessee iws.is and stover rettln. , Do insrcks is sonotim?ns got.l nmorn sensoe den a man,. I in .'t. r secs or pusson tooli"''rour' Or ho'uetls inest, y,-r may l:now dot do pusson 'toa.d ,' de ho'net is er imakin'ter tistak~e, " i -, In! achievei ! achieve !",ing; Ella Wh-eher in trI 't pnol. Tiir Hsounds as it ,lec was coun tfllhig ;a (' n -. c laundrsnoan to. net'ez. while ironing. 1i: oartcr-nminded man tot's a short string by wIhIh I, lu., a nŽr-s de good qualities o' deI mnvl wNlut. Il, ma ts, but his 'wn good pl'int; lie me1asures wid or cln: lim" lr ial I, 'mi in ,"ime fo!is : r lio e hoie,'. Doean' mIae no dtiiferinct, h1w mucl(h or duock 'sociates wvid chlelha, utr lii no oattr hIow fur tde lib frnom water, t.m : she fin s or puddle s.lie's gwine in (liur. 1iciu folks as or cui:, wa- i 'b'r0io' d1" ible. uOne day or hungry feller went ter a well-fed man's hous;, m1' sty, S-;ays 04, ""t'Slembr d'p ." "Oh, I aint forgot, ytr," says doe well-fed 1man,S.? ,' .e. " No, ,aI, I ailnt forgot yer. I allus recollock yer, bat dat's all." AT \4uniego, a place ill the. extre.o West, 1is hanty whiih.1 Ivoars the sign: " Hlere's Whtlre You Geta Meg l Like Your oltiher ,,e'Žd to Giive You." An old bachelor t:0a1s he didl1:'t anrry lbecause ho w,11s tallnxious to lose his hair. Now hIt is sorry, as old Faiter Time has pulled it :al ,ill, anyway. A sc0el.rlic writer asks how 1o 10 diminish 1ho frequency of storms." P'ay what you owe and keel) your wife in pin-mony will aid materially. "W la'r do you think of my mousttio?" aslked a young man of his girl. " It, retilds me of ai city in a a1wt colony," was the answer. "I 1 what, respeet, pray?" "lBecause the survey is largo enough, but the settlers are straggling." 1"Dlre1I into a weatk solution of acc1m1plitrlhentos," is the term now applied to those of our girls professing to ba highly educated. So.?n:years ago, Lingfellow, the po1t, and Fields, the publtishlr, were mak1ing a shcrt pedelstrian tour, when,to tlheir surprise, anll llg'r' bull stood in thie palithway, evidently intuending to demolish them both. " 1 think," sid lFitIds, " !hat it will ibe prudentl, to givo this rev'iewer a wiide margin." " Yens," replied the poet ; " it, alppears to loa dispulted passage." Wi't?s: you get the idea, young man, that your per asenal ipoert;lanece fills a large space in the public eye, just. ciut the air with your hand, tiheu look for tiboe cut, andl you will see the size of thei space you occupy. T'lean:' is nothinig that so lakes the starcdh out of a yorig twin who hals I era wedded about a year, as to have to go to a shop where there is a girl-clerk with wlomii hie used to keelp company, and enquire for a packet of those large safety-plins. Judncl: T'--, who is now ai very able judge of tho Supreme Cout, when hle first ,ccme to0 the bar was a very bluiudcring speaker. Oni one occasion wlice hle was trying ii case involving a, righl, of property to a lot of hogs, hlie said, "(aentleneu of the jury, there wiere just twenty-four hogs in that drove--just twenty-four, genthulen; exactly twice as many as there are in that jury-oxs." " Mores, I wish you would be a better little girl," said an Austiul father to his little daughter. You have no idea how sorry I am that mamma has toscold you all the tlime." " Don't worry about it, pa," was theb reply of the little augel. " I ua not one of those sensitive children. HIalf the time I don't l heacr what she says." Jloslu ]Tia.r.ls( remarks: "'After several years ov reflection I livl come to the kolldlusion that thel three mii-t, diflicult things in life are-1st. Carryin" ani armlful of live eels up a steep hill without spillin' an cll; 'lld. Akin as i referee nt a dog light without gellin' miad; Dird. Editin'a newspaper; and thei last is harder tlha the fust." ]N n snmaill district schoolin a State in tlhe American liniil, iI teacher iionce proved that it tiiay bi e cm Iarlai;sinig to use oue's owiRn self uIs a llillistratio.ll Sh hearg s sleirin i clss in spellillg and defining words. 'I'l wotrd " orplhanl " ' had Ilei correctly s;pellctd, but nionee of the class seelnmed ta knowI, its mlleaninlg. After asking one or two of them, lsho said encouragingly, "oow try glainll. I iii ailln O(rtlbian. Now can'it soie of yonl guess what, it, imeans ?" Thlio llank look upon their faces remaiied until one of (,he duller scholars raised his liand and said, with no1 intention of being sifucy, "It's soIince twho wants to get married Lanil can't." |A BosTON residen[, oncoe employod i coeloured gentIle manl to clear tile winter tfccllluilatioli of IIslhIs fromn his cellar, aiind tile job being well ildone, hle suinifnoted the Secneguitlbianll to his prcestillc'", ionliCendlldfd Iis work, tnd intimated the; possibility of further employ Inent. "Glad to take ry' orlder, sah," s:aid tle asih lhandler, wit i a satisfied grin. " Andi what is your nlime ? " asked tile emliployer. " (George Woashington," was tite complacent answer. " (ieorge W'aslhington George Washington ? " pondercd thi enquirer, quizzicailly; "seefns to ime I iivei heard that inamno biefore." 'Thel darky's eyce rolled andi his ivories glistened as hie delivered the crushing answer : "Golly, boss, t'ilnk you ortcr lheard of it befo'! Iso been hlollerin' aishes round lhero dose ten years !" Tiue doctor ind Ihis friendits wero out, riding. "There," said t.lheo doctor, is hle pointe.d to i maiin who wais painting a sign on a raloon, "(lthere is 0a illan who is working for Ine! " l'rtlly soon tllhy paissed ita inll iwho 'wns Iuhawking wnatermelons. Cried the doctor: "And that mani is working for um!" A little later they paIssed an undertaker. The doctor was silent. "There," said his friend, "is another man working for you." " I UNm)i:h'STAND that you have stopped practicing," said the Secretary of Sitate to an eminent coloured physician. " Yes, sail, 'eluded ter gin up do trade an' go tcr preachnlin'. In dis country ldar ain't no money ter made in de practicin'o' medicine. W'y, sah, ef I lad 'voted my time ex closo to sutltin' ez I ihas ter dis business I would or been pult.y well off by dis Lime. Ober two-thirds of nmy patieinlt neber paid ime, suIt." " Why didn't, you sue themn ?" "'Tvwouldn't done no good, 'caso dcy wsu diead, sah. I got do wus' clahs o' lticets. Noneo o' 'cm ncber had no health an' con stitution." LAsTr week there was anl explosion of over two tons of powder it Salt, LLake, which 'shook tIo whole city, ifnd wrech:ed everything in tho neighlbourlhoold. When the explosion occurred ia deaf old nlady, who lived about n block aw,'ay, pricked up lher ears and said, "Coime inl." Slhe then turned smilingly on hier daughter anld exclaimed, " Law noe! I do believe I'm getting back my hearing. I heard that knock nt the door is p'ainily as I ever heard anything in m11y life." A?r the ccl of al In0diamt marringe ceremony the bride advanced gracefully to the clergymran, and requested him to anlinlOllllunce the hymn, "This is tio way I long have sought." A rcAN called in at a carpenter's shop and said he was in business in the western part of the city and wanted an emblem to lang on the front of his build ing. "What, lindl of an emblem have you thoughtl of ?" asked the carpenter. "Wall, I durma.'" " What usiness are you illn??" "?I ruln a saloonll." "Al ! How would a leaver do?" "There ain't enough walter in my tbusines to suppolrt either a fish ior a beaver." "Mlight take an eagle?" "Too common, and the Eagle Saloon is only a street, away." "|How would a rooster do?" " Well, I lhaven't much to crow over, and the Democratic party seem to own all thIe roster.s in thie counlltry." "Thenll take a beehive." " What, does that. represent.? 1" Indust ry. The teo is ever busy, you know." "Well, 1 in'it, and theo business is a lazy one." "A gilded axe or hammer wouldl look nice." "Yes, but, that wouldn't do. I'll tlater the case, and Ihen, perhaps, you cau' suggest somlething. I am '100 lots. in debt, r1y wife has rif 1away, and I a1 sick and tired of the business, and want to go West. aud hlang myself. If you have got 1n emblem of that state of affairs trot her out." The carpenllIter had to decline the job. "'r.(11s Igo a Verlmont farlmer lost many sheep through the depredlations of wolves. lie journeved to loston and returned withI wolf-dlog w?ric, cost him many dollars. Ilto stortedl out next day and soon hlis dog was following up a scent rapidly.and dis ppeared ill the wooIds. TIll farmer ia horseback followed and mot a clhopper. " Well, stranger, did you sco o'er a dog and a wolf go by ?' " Yaas." "Well, how was it? " "The dorg was a Ieotloe ahead." "Amt you a native of tlieState ?" asked the judge of the United States Court, addressing a fat man who had hbeeon sunnloned to testify in a case of illicit distilling. " Mostly, ,ledge." " I mean werr you born in this Staite ?" "I understand. I wa'nt horn here, hut I an mighty nigh a native." Caine hero when you were quite young, I suplpose'' "No, sir, nin't been here but about lten year." " How old are vou?" " Fifty." " 'Then how is it you are very ia ltty?it motive of isthiate?" '" \ell, when I esan here I only weighed about, a ihundred pounds. Now I weigh two forty, so you see 1.10 pounds of me nrao native, while only 100 pounds camne from Missouri." A 1?.%N entered ai photographer'a establisunent a day or two ago and said, " I want a eabinet picture of myself.'" The artist, placed him in positionand screwed ip his maichine to thie proper focus. "Now look bright and cheerful," he said, "atd keep your eve fastened on that, hole in the wall. aInstead of tasoing bright and cheerful thelman conceaved himself forward, dropped his jaw, and assuted a look of infinite weariness. " Whalt's the matler with you?" exclaimed the photo. gralpher. " BIrace up, I say, and look pleasant.'' " If this position cosls anythingextra," was the answer, " I amt willing to pay fori it. My wifo is in the country visitling friends, anrd this picture goes to htier. I know what. I min about. Pull the blanket off, Mr, Artist, and begin C>unting." 1I dtocun't pay to let a hack-driver ao-coet you, Tou "e-noke" of the day--,egar-not-W.ohg1 ley. ''r :,-IL-KEIgtg woas trongly fortified. 'Tis rOi thauti;ly mortiti.d. " MAN cannot, live tIT enltig alia lt" ," I never do; aba ole, I drink with it.' " 1' one word, you are a fool !" "A, You are a foul in a hundtedl tiioucnni ioitLc" O " Yrs; Slipshods timarriage comes off nexto Mtiilayie. legoinig to iettle at ai-." "Umi !-with everybo yI ?' Itiu;tc sis --Keeper: There! I thought ho mor'ni a .?emelm,?t! ia hoot oi' 1 ro,-in cartridges, and o;n y gi' mll( "of-,l-Cr0\,ln! ]TheD year for truffles "cried a French four 1t. "1 ont't bcliev, it !" fail ; taother. " 'Tis a fatlsu rep,,rt, " triae by Ihe tlurl.eyi ! ()O1! oh! I've a cpa:rili in my eye!" cried Minle. '',t I've lowt" thueght," clap red Jenny. "Viho i., it '" " Now, Uncle Stephen, what have you to say to my Autui nn -i Scn iit0 LL ? " 'My nice, I mnistrur, the, fruits of it. The wasps kill he at it." Siv boy lack in that lazy," atseverated lMie?, ItWheeih,eoth:n?,' that it re:;'er lknocks io up if the ees unybdy eltie e'et orin' i "i' T'liHiv have been wnatcltinig the diver off the I;iihiiton pier. After he had reapp :tnel, " Let's have a dr ink," said Sleiwson, ",tivers alay:; nmake mein thirsty " "J cAN.?' do for himnt!" ' cried a fearful old Gin?p, sptakling of ai poor laticnt. " ntlph !" mlurmoired littdicus ; " umln h ! I Ihink you could if you tiled." AN admirer of Foit i elle, caid to him one day, "I ihould like to glorify yu a you destn rve, but I lack your wit to do it." "Never n mint," anii wered Fontenelleo, " go (ni glorifying i,. " \Vaiun. Laura went on a visit to Lincolnshiro tthe rtg somle swiiet little iulaby urun?., in the gloa ting to the old folks in the alub., l e- , ";d when asked next day how they liked, theu musw', oldi 't 'i'gy replied, " Well, 1li?s, 1 haven't Ie, ril tie co lml:.htt as yet." " c st; hint in ' youth,' .ihn," gurgled Mrs. iWhcezeebtham ; " hiut, bI r! till this ts.i.pting war coma ito ia end, I never ]tno0w'd as fir Irtiry LRane. was a remt General. I ,iupipoe he'll dto it all It the otargre, wen hIe comes itck along of his troopSes atd things ! " lit. lttithant can only auggest to elerils want, ing ,ituatit?a hlt they ohould have fathers who would b ing thi, I up to tradet. Mr. Bright could have donet beiter--have'ivicicd Iclm to have fatheri twho would bring them upu s girl'. As thhiga are g 'itug, Mr. lFawcett nill soon he in a po'iiin to uitu a iovernmecnt poet for all i ho are yoin. ladies. " is thait a tornado ? " inquired a gentleman if ai filied last evening., as tlieiy at in tine library smoking Itheir alifter-dicner cigar. ' Wi , lnot exactly;" replied the hostl, ,s the jeering ii'reaied ii fury, " that is only my wife epealitig to the gill for not tidling you to svipe your feet before you ciane into thie parlour." Ihfit iCTIoN' at the imeiting of the British Association after he, uing ir. Si, oni?s on the mnarvel of Mile Steel, iand 'rofe:si'r W. iyde Dimwkins on thei Flint hlsirunent of the Rfiver Drifi fiiters. After reading ten columni s of learnd smaltl print, Front our Dawkins and Siemens, mere sciolists feels, That Civilisatiton, beg ining with Flint, Seemni likely to titih witth Steel. STra:NNr (to the professor) Can anything go, nod cot g. niywoi re ?" 'rofess?or "1 oshould think not." Ftudeit: "'Then I shoul' Iie obltget if you wouho tell me where the light geo i when it goes out,"' A iiAnntnLous fop, who had atnnayed by his frivo'.onal etarks hit s ipart nr ii the ball-rooml, lamong other empty things, ask di whether " she had ever had iler i eri8 iierled "" No," was tie riep', "i but. I've; oftell tied them boredi!" Fralr FLUNfEnY : "\'Well, William, how do you find your new place? Is it a good one ?" Secoind Ditto: "Oh, I can't comtplain ! I have put by £15 during eighteenl monllis, with all ny wages in arrears." PesIN'CIAIN to Governmient (.'leork: " ell what do you cOmiplain of ?" G. (.: " Sleeplessns;. it, eltor." Physic ian : " At what time do you go to bed?" G. C.: " Oh, I don't meanll at night, but during ohice hours." AN Oriental installed himself recently in Paris with extraorliunary lilgnitiieelie, anld launched into all tihe opicurian pleasures of the French cuitsine with nsto. nishin: vigour. The breakfasts, dinners and suplpers were incee;mt. A lady, free of speeeh, observed of hler host, " le is a whil boar whvln civilisation has turllned into a pig." A 1 lltIHLAND)Eit was one day looking at a print from a plietutc by one of the old umastern, in which augelu wetre rep:eelnted blowing trun etls. le intutird if tihe aegels played on trumpe t s, and being answered in the afflirmative, made tihe following pithy remark:" Ilech, oire, but tthey aun bte easily pleieid twi' music. I wonder they tlina borrow a pair o' bag pipes." 'ile. power of Garriclt's fpiercing eyes and ex ipriaioln has often bien described. When, a, JTlant'fh, le said to one of the murderenni " There' blood ulpon thy face," lie did no wiith such earen?tete:8s sid reality that the mit a forgot his proper answlter (" Tis' Itluquo's tlhlen ") and replied, " I ti here, by Jingo." le fianiel, as h1o coefe:sed alterwards, that In had broken a blood-vessel. (,tst's jests twere of the roughest ]ind. Once at Epsom nroces he wan re uirled to share his bed with a e.ergyman. Wheni the latter was getting iu, QuIl toaw thait his linen was not over-clean and cried onut, " What! liroOn, ale you coi t coig I e in y0n" cassock ? " This is ;mi extellett -peeimeit of the couer:o vigour of Quilt's wit. D)OUGLAS ,IJn:nnOLu'n stage jests were excellent, not only for their closeness, but alsoe for iheir severity. A:s when it was Q;id at the Ilaynrt?.ket that some one had actually " ieon bred on It so boards." " ' lf ooks as thto igh lie had been cut out of thfn," was the answer. MIAcKLIN, when nitting at theo back of the boxe, was preventted fromu seeing the etlgt'| by at geutle tmaun who stood up i front. Ile tallevl him with his :ick ol thie shoulder and addr ted hu illn with the moust studious politeness: "l When anythin g eitertaining occur, oil ie stauge, perhlaps you wtoul lel m1 and myi friend iknow; for yo tcee, ny dear sir, that at present we must tolally depend oi yo. r kihuless." AIR. _1coEgNs used to relate with much fhutour a little scene hf witne-sed at the itoehester theatre. An actor had forgotten his part, and counl not get tlhe froimpt:r to gi e him the "w"onl." After muauuy adjura titon, mand the usualn alppeals to hie l iton ivention, Ifo ua-ioed a tragic miOt, ad Ireedl his companion witlh, I 1 will return anon,"' and stalked olf the slago to seek the neglectful promu?ptr. I lorLtAN twas once acting Ch/annei t tit Chelten iamn, where the theatre is very small nod the stago slopinig. In tihe great piiage with .lionhii, - "So may this arn I throw him to tlh'earh, like a dead dog doeqis:4d," hie ear u d out tihe stage direel ion, " t retc froi'm tihe of?a id rustihesi forward," ti impletuoualy tha.t, chiefly owinig ti the . teepuif e of tihe little aitage, h ' lost his Imalance nmd phinged headlong into the orehetl.lra, uetull.ing at viol t celo, ncatu drawintg blood froim th e no of its player. The confusion wtas Iiimense; but t thentor found tl s itht he wasl unihlurt, lid ableh to resume his iputl. ltit. J.IuA.?t YOUNt'O sent hin gardoener and wifo to the Btristol theatre nit a teat, and asked them both how they liked it. The following dialogue took placeo " Welt, Hobert, what stid you seoce ast night?" (No amswer, beta look of beil? lermeC t tild n unot itco at thlo tue'tion.) "WelI, air," after a patne, "1 .e o what you eniit n to tee." " Well, what wat lhac?" '' WVhy tho play, in couroi." W Was it ait tragedy or at comedy?" S"I ton't t|tiow t?eatye tatiie. I can't rany ino more tltim1 I have eaid, nor oo fairer. All I know in, there was a preotios lot Oil 'em on the itcheayter stage; anid there they Sas in and out, andt out tand in again."i The wifo was ~uked for her opinioni.--" Ahl, tdear sir, andt we had tho puntryminhe, and what I likedi best In it was where the fool fetlar stooped doiwn aud g'rinned at we through his hi??." iiiany play wouh'iit deserve the honest gardentOtr'a crit itaut ; andt itn and uit, anid out andi in again," w hld litlyt describe certain grand spiiectulat r perforin anies. J-OILtu Iiou(I[AIM now nidt tlhon relapsod into a> lar rccoilleclin. Tlihe following is hisi best, and, an sIuch, is las mot frciInCt ntolry. It ifn llaIppv insl:tnco of thie elucidation of facts ill court: IDurliig te iias- ieo, illn case of ai'ault mtool lhlt.ry, whereo a LotIn halnl bca r thrown ily theLilcferisnanlt, the follo\ing cl.ear nld conclI i\reu criulncicr wtas dranw out of a YilikJhir cias:n: " Dl)i nyou o * lltm efeIlliat throw thei lone? " " ] BoaWs' 0ston0, and I'/.e pretty aur l e thei<feiaiint thiroswed it." " Was it a large siloln ?" " IJPhouhit s:ay it walr 1 ]lrgo!'elsi ono." " \~'l:lit was its sizc ? " "I aliou'd nsi y e a s zeable 0lono." "Cain't you aswer de(linitoly lowly big it wais?" "I slsouild i ay it wur a Htonie of tonlo higi;aa ? " " C:ll't yai giive the jury roline ilea of thei Lta.u t " " Why, is le:r 113s I recolleC, it wuIr asomeflhin'L' Of a etonoe." " Ciai't you comii:ite itr to aiO othlir object :'' WhyL ', if f1 wr to coual;rce it, uo ia to give cs.ome niotion of tlie slolne, I ioilioul san) it war ns largeI! l iuls ip ot' clinlls " IN exanuii ing a witncas J)Du ing somotimnc dli.'pilnyed greatI coarncl, aud <ihw lon lImsclf tlheo niiiandrcriioi of lirs brethren. Tihe followilt.g; cicoint iIIsh bhc!l givcln of lio soxis cxmiiition of ain 0111 wolllal, by Shliom lio wisnhlc tlo prove lio ildentitlof a ceorlnin party: HUm.: Wia Iu tall ainis? Wit. : Not very til, your hioniiiir--iniich a boul thei sian of your worohipi's fIrnoo'r. isin.: Wllas li goodi-lool;in'g? Witf : Qulle the conltrary \--uinfih liok your honour; Iuit h wi\il i hltllsollner noisol inn.: fid lIm siquint? Wit.: A little, your worhlip ; Iiiil inol 0 ii iit , 118 your I u o out byi 1 0 ' a go i nl f ' liheI s ic,iliiln iroiducel a roar of Iaugihter iu the lourtI, Inwhilch Lo. .Muiislllil joineid. IJ'o.N Mother : ' What would you do without i Iullii, Tl ?' " Ton : " Do ;ia I llki'dl, in.," 