ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; The pantomime is nesting its end. lor which many people will be thankful. * 18 n illvti uia>• j .. ... be followed by "The Mikado," which, as everybody knows, has recently been played in Sydney with marked success. " The Mikado" is to be conducted here by Mr. Alfred Cellier, who has just arrived from the old country, under engagement to Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove, and who, it appears, is not unknown in England, both as conductor and composer. "The Sultan of Mocha," is men' tioned as an example of his success in this latter capacity. "The Mikado" is to be pro duced on the 20th inst, and it is under stood that much preparation baa been in progress for some time to give adequate effect to it. "Madame L'Archiduc," at the Opera House, has been played during the week with such success as the circumstances might warrant It is understood that "F&lka;" is in preparation, but it is also understood that the cast will be arranged from a point of view different from that adopted in alloting the characters in "Madame L'Archiduc." At the Bijou on Saturday night the drama of "Dark Days," being Conway's novel in! stage form, was played for the first time in this part of the world. Everybody is sup posed to have read the story of Dark Days, and probably the supposition is not incorrect But the drama is a good deal altered from the story, and not in all particulars judici- j ously. The fundamental idea upon which j the novel is based is in its essence psychical, jnst as the motif of " Called Back" was | psychical, and, as set forth in the narrative,, it was exceedingly well worked out Perhaps the idea was too subtle to be used as a pro minent element in a drama in which it is necessary to appeal to less delicate sym pathies?—that is to say, less delicate in the main—for probably not more than (sayl 10 per cent of an average theatrical audience are capable of anything beyond the coarsely emotional Consequently the play has been made to conform to the ordinary rale of every day melodrama, in which there is a conflict of virtue and vice, virtue win ning; As partof the machinery of a psychical romance, it was convenient, and perhaps necessary, to introduce an unscrupulous baronet who, in order to compass his designs, does not hesitate at bigamy or any other social irregularity. But the wicked baronet in the story was only a means to an end. In the drama he is the central figure, and if not the end of all the action, he deter-! mines a good deal of it Those who bad not read the story would go away on Saturday night from the Bijou carrying with them the impression that they had seen a drama the moral of which was that it was sinful to commit bigamy; very sinfnl to desert a woman whom yon bad sworn to love and protect; nnpardonably sinful to pass your wife off as your sister, and let ber marry another man for the purpose ot having a money-extorting hold upon him; and criminally wicked to shoot people through the heart in order to rob them. Also, they wonld deduce that it was quite justifiable, platonically, to lore a woman, even although she was another man's wife, and permissible j to carry her off to foreign climes for the pur- j pose of tranquilising her disturbed mind, you, the while, retaining the conviction that, in ber madness, she had killed the man who had wronged her. Pos sibly these simple-minded persons would be a little confused in trying to explain the necessity of the trial-scene in the last act, a situation which, although essential as an ec'aircissemcnt in the story, might really have been dispensed with in the drama. And thiB the more so, as it is a very common place Bcene, most of the particulars of which have been used in other dramas, the only point of exception being tire criminal's recog nition ot Lady Ferrand whom he had taken to be a ghost, and his consequent contrition and confession. What tire dramatist has failed to transfer from the story to tire play, is tire engrossing interest arising ontof the! belief in the mind of Dr. North, a belief sub-1 eequently shared by Lady Ferrand, that she, and not the low villain of the piece, had committed tire murder of the baronet It is easy to say that the story—price only one shilling—is open to everybody to read, and that it wonld have been safe for tire adaptor to give prominence to the psycholo gical characteristics. The fact remains that he did not make this endeavour, sod that we have, therefore, an ordinary melodrama, with stereotyped melodramatic characters, of a study of psychology evocative of reflec tive speculations. For all this, it Is an interesting drama, well qualified to keep the attention alive, and having enough cooaecu tiveneas and connexion in the action to give it & preferent place in the list of effective plays And if the characters are taken on their merits, although they are not original, they have recommendation sufficient to en title them to favourable consideration. The excellence of the acting, however, had pro bably tome considerable share in furnishing I them with their power to please ; for when Mr. Titheradge and Mr. Brougb are in the cast of a piece, and their business is with each other, the result cannot be other than interesting'; and it was certainly go in tills instance. Severally, they represented the gentlemanly villain and the ruffian of low degree. The one is in the power of the other, and the point of the conception is develoned to the skill shown by each one in the encounter. The villain's weapons consist of a cynical acorn and a well-bred contempt, Artrf OMtnat at. *r> _ . ! "——" —vuvaHiuMlClUPlOyi greed and ill-repressed rage. It is toe death, and as the ruffian 1 violence at the last; he wing. Bo course of the battle the interest gradually stronger and stronger, ffiPCtator feels that he is o»mpl.of ft, the »«, bat kind of obtoT ., ..Tithcre<Jee hP hinueif it ?^t PoootWe to feel otba^L'' "% a picture of a finished 7»a u «» scoundrel, this representation JJLS?®* could not well be improved 51^ Enough, besides playing with Jlf00, Mt, force in the scenes with Mr. Ti«!mart* Rave a further proof of the th™?erad«i with which he throws himself in the trial scenes where his facial J? *0tk was of a kind of itself sufficient toS^011 a great actor. Hitherto Mr. BrenT£P hiai peered in character, that accentuation the quality of eccentric hl ^ but in this situation the necessity ofT"*1' pression demanded an abject and JI®'1' ing terror ; a dread so temble as uS? the man's whole being, and transform him into a hunted^ creature rather than a human beW . the entire consistency and continuity ofT depiction were so vividly denoted that ! spectator was insensibly carried awayby 2* illusion, and caught the horror of the mind. It was, in short, one of the naSZ! passing examples of appropriate facK' pression ever witnessed on the Menl^' stage. Mis.Maggie Knight; whohtfe* for some time absent from this city wT peared &s; the h^minA *nA w**ai * ' TOP* . . . , —^ wuun&ea; th* opinion long ago expressed of her, that fa l clear intelligence, emotional power and « agreeably natural manner, she may dahn for herself a principal place in the profwZ to which she belongs. The JSS5. quality of the play prevented her givinTol minence to the spirUud idea of which V character is an embodiment, but so ItZ she was unembarrassed by the adaptori limitations she fulfilled its necessities.and very well preserved the meaning intended. This ability was well denoted in the scene where the conviction first dawns upon bet that she had killed her husband, and as the idea was expressed less by demonstration than by tone and gesture, the quality of the representation was all the more recognisable Mr. Flemming gave full effect to the attributes | of manliness and chivalrous indignation with which the character of the wronged woman's champion is invested. It weakens the force of these qualities, however, to find j them associated with the now exploded folly I —so far as England is concerned—of a duel I challenge. For the introduction of this | absurdity, however, Mr. Flemming is not I responsible. For the rest, Mr. Gates played in an even, gentlemanly fashion the part of an intra ; duced lover, and Miss Boucic&ult; as the lady i of bis love was, as she always is, naturally pleasant and piquant Mr. Bourieaultwas | limited to the delivery of the counsel's speech in court, but he acquitted himself well | enough to make it not difficult to think he might take bis place with success as an advo cate in a real court of law. Mr. Gladstone, whom we are always glad to see back on the Melbourne stage, made himself favourably recognised as the judge in the comt scene, and Miss Pelbam, as the elderly lady of the story, filled very well an appropriate place. The scenery was ait apparently new, Mr. Hennings having painted the seta of the first three acts, and Mr. Gordon those of the list two. The scene in the fourth act is a Spanish exterior, aud it is just one of those in which Mr. Gordon's wonderful pencil revels, and with such materials as southern Spanish architecture affords, mellowed by a semi-tropical atmosphere, blended by vege tation of the most abundant luxuriance, and backed with a glowing sky and mountains of living bine, it ia eaay for anyone famiiiarwith Mr. Gordon's pictures to imagine what he will do with them. The result is a picture it is a real joy to look at, and a disappointment to lose. One of Mr. Hennings's Betels a forest snow scene; and from the time that the " Coraican Brothers" was first played in this city, Mr. Hennings's forest snow scenes have procured for him a special reputation. The court scene was locking in appropriate ar rangement Of the smaller houses, it is to be set down that Messrs. Leon, Cashman, and Co gill's company »t St George'e-hall have maintained their character for variety ol material; that the Hugo Minstrels, at the Victoria-hall, have enjoyed full houses; that the Lady Court Minstrels, at the Apollo-hall, have received a ahore of public favour; that the Concord Serenadem have appeared at the Tempereaoe-ball; and that 16,000 people went on Monday night to see the truly wonder ful fireworks at the Melbourne Cricked ground. 