AIISTBAifAN TALES AND ADVENTURES. NELL B « Y C t- BOBI.:.r. WH1TW0BTH. v " You noticed :that tall, handsome woman I called your attention -to in . the asylum toi , day ? i'^ueriadmy fcend Dr. Micusfosh.-aswe sat inhiercozydunng-roomone day, smoking the .'post prandial cigar: over a -glass of generous. ithe-^way my,ifnend,-js. famons:;for his cellar,-and-deaervedly so, asri have reason to know Lhad that day visited the Dunedin XinnatiB ABylumwithiimi-andiheliad: whisperedme to observe one of the: =patientB, which l had: accordingly dona without attracting her. notice., tSha.wasa-young womaniiiotimore: than tijcnty-five or six I should say, and had that in her appearand which struck me as bemg extremely remarkable. She was, aslhe :d(3flSor:sa;51,"JaJl .aad: liandeomeJ"", very handsome, smgularly beautiful I Ehould have 3 expressed. it, but with v a weird ,kind: of beauty that almost'Created-a painful sensa-* tion Her hair and eyes were dark, and the latter, large andiustrons, hat with,that.weary,iracant, 1 far away look, that fells so surely either of somegreatunforgottentrouble, or more pitiful still, of & wrecked mind. She sat quite -still, speaking to no one; noticing no ona Still and motionless, except for a nervous play of ine hands, a kmd of ceaseless; and to -me, unmeaning intertwining . o£ tha fingers,; ceaseless, at all events so long as I saw her. I rephed4bat I>had remarked her, and waB greitly £ truck with her "appearance. ".Poor creature," said my friend gently, "-sheis always hke that,,perfectly qniet, and yet absolutely, hopelessly mad. fier's is a sad, very sad story, Ehould you like io hear it?' v "I^honld oE all thingB," .I replied, and then,I learnt the story of ISTeii Bryce. "Six years ago;" said the doctor, '.' there wasn't: a man, woman, nor child for twenty miles round "Palmerston whoiadidn't know, or who, at all events, ,hadn't heard of, Nell -Bryce. She waa the daughter of Dan Bryce, a wdl to do settler living on his: extensive farm between Palmereton and Moeraki, :and was nnqnestionably- the belle of that part of New. Zealand,-not only on account of her remarkable beauty, but also of her wit, sprightliness.gracB, and good nature. Not a young lellow aU over the country side .but would; so to.EpeaTsj.haveiigonethrongh^fireandvwater toznn a smiie frDm her, whlle io ^ the. iavor of her hand m a dance was felicity indeed. It needs hardly be seid that she was in gml xeqaeei atm tha jittle feastsana merry •.: makings In the district, and, in f&Sfc;, no hall: WBdaiaa" or ohnslsmng was looked • anlM who,|orJbB time, acted as her -esquire, was as cordially envied as "he wan' iated Jiy Ins less iortunatewals.- " Light hearfeS, Inl of ^irhsh fan/'guick at leparteeiaancy^Bome^atTooanetfiBhiOTen;, as -she was, tWe was another and 'deeper Eide'tohercharacter,:unknownjperhapE;:.io herself, a latent" strength of will and fixity: ol purpose, which it only needed circumancea-io develqpe. There Is no donbt that she might have picked and chosen at 'will tor a lover, had*she So chosen, amongst the best find wealthiest young Jellows te,and ;fflear;«ntifihe>3anghBd at them all, and so far was, as the saying goes, "iancy free " -Of oonrae «helad Ipveri, or would be overs,? S)/the >«core with whom lihe jiBnced,sBang,i drove, {rede, ^nd- Siried ^generally, iuiwtien itoame to real, right down love snaking-»ia -earnest, she would nojie ol them, jpaoked them 08 incontinently, one after the other, ! 3fith a ilea an -their ear But tbe pitcher that joes too often to the well is sure to -get broken A ian'd^omSj '^onngsEdlow^mediSJavia'Cameron; theiaoni of a farmer on Ihe Waikouaiti Downs, -was noticedto ieinore,Bpeeia%-ifavoredithaniho rest ol her suitors, and, in sliort, ere Jong, ie wa -acknowledged as her sooeptetl iover. But iherawerejcomplicationg ^ Old Dan? Bryce £er-father, who had allowed her to iavalierjown way jn most fh .ngs, Sad "snotionB,wlS6h«,were;not.ialtogeti <Se ^as a isaly wealthy jm&n;, wJhIb th% Cametons wera not Ja any &eans; wealthy : 'Xhen again, old Cameron, though poor, was ^ ^iro"udAS inoiferj-and wa -not mohned lo Banotiona marriagejnVluotr- as Jie put it, sth'e^ladaieitiannahrinB'mautSortheaaSgie'fl Ulil Ban Bryca^Bew Mo atmost unoon | ^Bsionable passkzi when the thing was hinted at. "Ay coorse, Aileen, my laay," Baid he, " ye'lldoijistfQs ye loike, yez always do, but .niver,will.ye.get,my consint.nora farden of my money nayther until that onld Scotch nagur puts down po^nd for pound wid me And that's the price of Daniel Bryce; more beroken that's poetbry, find bo there ye have both rhyme andxazon " Now neither Nell nor David were exactly .fools, and although love m a cottage is all "reiy -pretty an your scbool-girl romances, still the bard practical reality is .another matter, and they both knew that well enough And young Cameron was an honorable fellow, •who could not .bear to. think of dragging down a wife, and such s wife, to a hfoiof povertyanddomestic drudgery. They smUEt wait for better days Es would .go to /the,aiggmgs on-the Arrow and the Shotover, where men were picking up gold galore, and after a.timej,when hehad made a pile,would reiam agsm and clean her lor his bourne bride. The old, old, story. They plighted their "troths swore ivowa:.of i>.eternal"fidehty, .-and parted. Tha$ as the end of maby stories, but mot iof-mine. .nowantrsgara.^ sdoing well; makmg moneylasi?, ! So ha eaid, and it was trne He and his mates had £ track rich gold, and in a Utile whije, a few -months perhaps,'.The would xome back to her he 'oved so truly. This episode in her life wasi- a sealed hook ; •between her and her fath&r.; He might %ava suspected, .but, he said nothing, nor did aha. • Time still went on, and he was still doing well. He would atart back in two months : he .wrote.-in a month, in a week. Ob, bhssful news. •• Sxb share ,;came to -somethmg over £2000, most of it ?ha had in cash, some in gold. :'. He woula start in, three days, he: would ba with her in a week. In a week. In Beven'days.. How those days isgsjed. Would f the week never he over ? Alaal alas I -Better for her if it never had. ~ Theioad, or rather trac», for made road there was none, from the Cardrona :was no the nveriSs far as BoundatvCreek; tnen over the range and- down, the Kirtle Burn to the; coach road whiohruns through tbe dark rocky defile known as the Kawarsn Gorge; a defile 1 celebrated for the wild savagery of its scenery; even in, that land ofmountam and of fiood. j of gloomy pass and. roeky fastness. From the Cardrona, -under : CruCel Peak, - David Cameron, bidaing farewell to bib mazes, started.: The track, hard to find, and harder to keep, had no terror for him, for in his belt: he bore the wealth he had striven eo hard to attain, m his heart he carried the picture of the fair face waiting Jor him in the South, and the dismal purple gray of the afark mountamB round him waB rose-'.mted by the sun of hope and love that illuminated his. He atarted, elate with joy and bright anticipation of halcyon days to coma, and was heard of no more until— The week passed, weeks passed, and he made no sign. The sun r060 and the sun set,the meon waxed and themoon waned, and he was yet missing; and hope, long deferred, faded out of the heart of the weary, weary watcher, and.as;it did, bo faded ihe! ;light oat of her eyes Hops after, hopeless, hope, then, uncertamty, then fear. And Blill no word. At last news came, terrible news. A party of :diggersibound for/tha Cardrona,had missed the track; and .at taa foot of a huge rock abutting on tl^ Eirtle-burn had come on the remams nf b murdered man, evidently murdered; for plain to be seen in the forehead of the bleached skull, were two clearly defined: bullet holes.- -His clothing, torn, by thehawks -andlte&s;, was in rags; and there wss^io sign of;money or ,other valuablea on bla pereon: - \- Tne coroner came up - from Cromwell, due enquiries-were made, and a verdiot "-a man ibelieved to be David Camaron foundmurdered •by some person or parsons unknown" -corded, and the - poor remains 1 were interred in the wilderness where they had been found. \- The pohca were set at work to discover the murderers, but with no avail. Perhaps they did-not trouble themselves m the matter ovetf much, and so the thing died out. The bodieB of-diggers found dead in the bush were not so uncommon as to create more-,than a nine day's wonder. And so the thing died out, and Nell Bryce, the bright, Eparklmg,hght- heartedNellEryca, was left with a shadow, the dark shadow of a widowed loye, on her lite 1'or a time she was as one stupefied. She want to: and fro; listlessly,. so performed the household.dnties on her father's farm almost unconsciously, she hved, but, as it were, in a dream Then came the awakening, the bitter awakening to the full extent of her bereavement, and with it tne reaction It waa as if his blood were crying to her from the' ground. Her brow grew stern; her, supple mouth hard, her bright eye wild end haggard. She had bat one thought, and on it she brooded day andnight. • Bsvenge! Bevenge 1 on those who had ulain her beloved. She had read of murderers, impelled, perhaps; by Borne stern Nemesis^ who could not but visit and revisit the scene of their crime, and a strange whim; a , wild, mad idea if you will, •took possession of heri: She, where the police had-failed, would trace the matter, out; and •Where so hkelyas m-the neighborhood of the -murder. . .' •-... -• ::, • - .One^day she was miBBtng from her father's house. She had taken the down coach for Dunedin; andJeft a letter for her .father m- iormujg.him.that she. had gone away for a •month or two,-and praying him neither,,t6 Eeek nor enquire for her. From Donedinabe stoofcthe'coachibysTuapslia sand the iGlutha: to tha Clyde end Cromwell, and, bo far; all trace of her-web lost. And now came her self-imposed task. ®=!Two ; dayB5afterJierifltrivaI:in Cromwell; the JiQaeenstownicoach.BEtidowniat.theihotelnear^ -the Eoarmg Mt^-in the Kawarau gorge; darfhaued, dark eyed girl or woman who, \- r hadiransweredfa"-:etandmg.M^ the local-jmpara :(for servant girla were hard to get an those iaye) for s barmaid, -sad had teen accepted. Itjwasno- Bineoure,this place of hers, foe :the :housei?on : ihB main.road^to sand ftomvthe i Wakatipn-goIdifields, °waB -mainly kept tgoing by tbe numerous diggers passing to and fro, !and; :many;offthem;;ftknoofemg.down ,": asas; or was,-the =wobt oi their tribe their haidlywon wealth. 'In her the landlord and landlady soon found thEy had« treasure, for Mary Joyce— Hosbehadaamedherseli-^-while willing-and •obhpngAo^he^oughiiMustomers^inew- Siow; to-htild iier own and lad -with her that iept ven-iheTowdiest Jiggers at a dis-' fence 1 '* She was gaiet,reserved, butinvatiably oivil and obliging X-el there was somethmg about this-pale, silent girl that "nobody-could make out She was^ever watchful, ever ob ervant, ever seemed -to tie expectant of something that never came t&nd; -so the da s melted into weeks Of all ihe visitors he hotel there was ona -who seemed to puzzle her He -was a tall, cadaverous, ill looking, meanly dressed Sellow, who need to hang s&outahe; place for two-oi three days-at a stretch,then ,go away for atime. and return again to hang about as \ beTore. He seemed 3ikeher,-toAe ejecting some one who ,jnever came On -him ha iept to'T^ome^easoQ she could not explain to teredf, Constant and war eye, watching his incoming and outgoing, those Jie associ ated with, and listening, -when she. could ; ithout being observed,4o his ico veraafion ; But ail-to no jmrpose .Sha^adloarnt could ; learn.nothtDg Absolutely nothing Patience, : • patience, weary: heart, j.-The end. would come, did come, and in this wise. Oae afternoon, this man, whom ihey called Joe the hatter, was standing at the door, lounging .lazily against-tbe- , jamb, smokmg, she watching" him as usnal, when she saw him suddenly start, fiash up, end . torn mto the-barroom. Presently a stout- : ish, red-whiskered man entered from theroid, and throwing down a pound note, loudly declared bis intention of shouting for all hands, soma six or seven ihen wno were dnnkmg ai..: "the bar/ She quietly served the dnnks, keeping hsr attention fixed on the two the while She saw the tall man had paled, and that ' his hands and lips ware trembling nervously. ; The new- comer, who was eomewhat the worse - for liquor, was very noisy, and was boisterously calling for more drink, whicn theland- :: lord, who had come in, was only too ready to serve Then the tall man, who had sidled up to the stranger suddenly took the opportunity of whispering something into his ear, Eomething which apparently had the effect of sobering him at once, for he too turned pale;: •and'staggeredasif hehadbeen struck. , :. , - " What d'ye mean," fcs-shouted savagely; -"and 1 who are you, anyhow i" "Coma outside and Ml tell yon -Ivs something for your private ear only," said - Joe tha hatter Bigmficantly,and rcith a sinister glance into the other's eyes. \- He could not meet the iook. He was evidently cowed Excuse nme for a minute, mates," he said, with forced hilarity, " this man has a little 'business with me. Fill em np again, Boss; i'U be back presently," and the two •went out. ••• What meant this fluttering at the girl's heart! Had the end come? Intuitively she felt it had. ' Was she.Teady ?. Excusing herself to her employer,:she flew - to her room, unlocked her box, and took 1 something from it, then stealthily left the housejihe back way. Concealing herself as well as she could; she crossed the yard toward : the stable, where she conjectured tne men had gone; She was right. They were there, - and conversing ma low tone. She stole noiEeiesely round to the door, where, herself un-. \- seen, she could hear every word.. " Ifs no use your denying it." the rasping voice of Joe the Hatter was saying, "I know you, Ned Peters, if that's your real name. I saw you do it. I saw you shoot aown David Cameron as plain as I see you now. Two shots you fired, one from behind ths roek, and one when he was down, t o make sure. I Eaw you take his belt, and drag him- ofi the " track behind that big boulder in the creak. - I'd have tackled you there and then, but you were armed, and I wasn't, and I reckon you'd have ahot metoo. Do youdeny it?:' "I can't deny it. YouVe too strong for me. I did kill David Cameron, and now ; what—Ha!" Wnat was it ? A vision of a girl's white face, a sharp report, a whifi of pungent smoke, a ory of " Blood for blood," and tne murderer ; feli on ilia face. dead. . A rush of feet, pale, frightened men looking m over the threshold at the prone body; and, standing over it, motionless as a statue, a tall-girl in black, her teeth set, her eyes gleaming, with a atranga Sight, ono band clenched, and in the other a Btill smokmg pistol They spoke to her, but she did not answer; They touched her, but she did not move, - Nell Bryce was mad." . . No .one wno has looked into: life with honest eyes can "have failed to discover that it derives untold values from the love which welcomes its dawn, attends its growth, and advances, sten by step and soothes and cheers its old age. Human love is itself a pearl of great price; How- it enlarges, enriches,and ennobles life! .What beneficent ministries it conducts! What patient heroism:, and aevere self-Euppression .it inspires 1 In a mother it is faith, and hope, and patience, and effort, and victory. In young hearts it is a transforming, gladneES, an awakening to the responsibility and the rapture of life. In manhood and womanhood it is the. balm of care, a refuge m temptation, ands source of serenity. ^ I nave been more and more convinced, the more I,think of- it, that m general pride ia. at the bottom of all great mistakes. All the other passions do occasional good; but Whenever pride puts in its. word, everything ' goes won^i and what it might really be .desirable to do quietly and innocently, it ia morally dangerous to do proudly. A man mav be a miser of .his wealth; ha, may tie up his talent m a napkrn; he may hug himself m his repnt&tion; bnt he is always generous in nis love. Love cannot Btay.at^homa; a man cannot keep -it to. himself. Like lightning, it is constantly, travelling. A man must spend it, must give it- away. • ; /£The time for Teasonmg- ia before we approach near enough to the forbidded fruit to look and admire it. MiDiifGliT. -All sounds ^are hushed, save for tha. fretful chirp ." . . • . Oj[ some young bird, too crowded m its .• • nest;-.' . •-.•-'•' The very air is slill. tha-tired leaves droop— • And each wild thing .is. steeped m perftpt.: rest Afar, I.see lha towering vulsge spire :. Sbarply .defined.Sgaiaet the midnight sky, j While, Btaitlingly: twelve solemn strokes, and. slew, • : Proclaim tho hour oi dread and mystery. • Am I, alas 1 Ihe only waking thing- Goaded by thoughts 100 desperateforsleep ? Not cveii a ghost to keep me company, in this etcrii"vigil I am forced £0 keep 1 We are alone, my soul, .srith our de pair, And you may fc=U me all the truths you iriii— •Ko sophistries of lEugmng.-busthng day Csn stand between nstnoy ihe «orld is Sulll. Bnt-srait—was I to blame? When crcum ataace Will hedge the best of men, till wild they S r °w, '•Ana? like stream dammea up, 0 etcpfead And tbe ffoik banks destruction »n their overflow 1 Oh 1 soul, whv ehould vou foo'.ishlv remain : -Tosafisr n this hotee ot is rrowgirtL"? Note tbe wide spaces in lh» arching tk , And break tha dooi that pr on you to earth! Let u go forth ana leave remoi-se bojund, With all-the haunting taunt- ng c napes of ^Che.Trorld'^low iibeSjthectingmg-memoriea, hat drive us mad with their eternal dm What s that jou sa ' Ws oannot thus csca e, Bsmorseha now become a i-art of yon 7 lEdtimmoital, then? Oh! eou) be kind, And t?ll me—tell me that tbi* not true 1 The air ^rows ohiil—with dawn the rising wind Mutters and moans amid tha Btartied Thespire-points-upwara—but the starsJiave paled, And hopais fled—I shiver in the breeze! TaUNB>E lSnVBEKBS 