ACCOUNTS aT Tlili TKKASUKY. f£The following accounts are awaiting pay ment at the local sub-treasury:—AY. Oates, G. Wa'lls, T. 2C. Couy&s;, S. Jbb Chain i>ers, J- Calhoun, J- lb Donaldson, W„ Fer guson, Huldart, Parker ani Co., lit. PiecAfc {$), T. FbhT;j»s, I>- B- Held, TV. Shaw, F. \Y- Towle. T. Per tier, PL Bannister. J. Baunister, G. Butt and Co., J. Cooper, A. Dawson, P. KIHotfc, x.I. Gurrie, JS. 3vemiy, 6- Lainble, P. Murphy. E. Mumford. U. M- Mumford. B. Moss, X>. j Murphy, K. Murray, .1. M'Cbirthy. J- .Nolan, i ii. O'Briax, J. l'alerson. W. Pride, J. J. Purcell, TV. Shaw, J- Small, S. M. Smith. A. Silk. H. Sliroeter; T. Sprowart, B. S- Tuff-** C. Taylor, G. TViillis, M. Walters, T. Waison, J. Watt. A efirious care of gartotin" occurred j near Footseray oil Saturday ***« »luiim | hi.tnfi u-J- w. oiuiui,a trell knownchemist. j of Nicholsou-street, Footscray. Hehadbeenat j the races during the day, and cu bis retnrxi j called at the Punt Hotel. Whilst there he ; made uu secret of his good fortune during the J day. and whin crossing a paddock on his j way hocie, aft^r leaving the hotel, he was i attacked by two men, one of whom held him by the threat wiilis the other rilled his poc- | kei-?. He was robbed of £40 in cash, a ; watch and chain worth nearly £40. and a | valuable field glass. Mr Smith, upon being ; released by his assailant*, placed the matter in the bauds of the police, who are investi- ] gating it. Information was received at Ccoktown on Sunday night per the missionary schooner Fllaugowan, tothe<fiVct that-the C3ptnin and crew of the ketch Emily, of that town, had been horribly massacred by the natives of Jobannet Island. The ketch had been upon a pearling expedition, and was anchored vS the island. A number of the natives were employed to assiet in the work, and seizing a favorable opportunity tlity over powered and murdered the whole of the crew, afterwards burning the vessel. The special commissioner for Yew Guinea has left for Pott Moresby and Dinner Island, in the Governor Cairns. The Central Board oi Health has been notified that diphtheria has made its appear ance in several families at Xlagl-in. Three deaths have occnrred, and orders have been i?5u^d for ihe closing of the local State schools. A melancholy ca=e of drowning is reported from Ivingvale, near Young (Y-S.TV). Alad named Pardou, who went to bathe in c, dam, got oat of his depth, lie was noticed by his mother, who jumped in, and both were drowned. Au Ar{fu$ wire from Auckland says :— At Rotoraa on Friday night volcanic fifes were risible in the direciiou of Rotomahana. An immense glow would suddenly appear for a few seconds, and thee die out. This lasted for over half an hour. Several earth quake shocks have been experienced^ at Taupo. A joint message from the Governors of the Australian colonies has (says the Argu*) been forwarded to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, Mr Stanhope, requesting infor mation as to the steps proposed to be taken j by the Admiralty with a view to stiengthen the defence of the naval stations in these colonies in the event of an outbreak of hosti lities involving England in warfare. The following telegram has been received from the warden of goldfields at Waukaringa by the South Australian Commissioner of Lands :—"Yugget, weighing 7 oz, found by M*Conery this afternoon three claims down from where the 3 oz nugget was found on ! Saturday. M'Coueiy also cot au oz by fossicking. A man named Price, working <»n the eastern side of the gully, about 50 yards below Brady's claim, obtained 6 oz by fossicking, having got altogether about 12 cz from the bottom of the hole, which is about G feet by 3 feet G inches. Diggers generally are working welL Many are still coming and leaving." Tiie corrected revenue returns of South | Australia show that the total receipts for the { quarter ending September 30th amount to 1 £408.629, as against £531,004 for the corres* ponding quarter of last year, showing a net decrease for the quarter of £122,195. The expenditure fcr the qaarter amounted to £532,335. as against £014,456 in the corre sponding quarter last year,the net decrease in the quarter being £85,1*20, The Haiauce due to the Treasurer on September 30th last iraa £936,995, It is said (writes the Broad Arroic, an Eng lish military paper) that the explanation of German policy is the dread by Prince Bis marck of a Franco Hessian alliance, and having to fight Franca in front and Russia in rear. If England were a reliable ally, the real League of Peace for Europe would be Germany, Austria, anu England. Their interests do - not clash, and they are i connected by race and affinity. Around I such a league of peace the smaller States, j whe tremblingly await absorption, might ally themselves. But even without England, I Austria and Germany might stand back to | back against Russia and France with a fair i chance of success. But Austria £*» an unfor- ! tunate nation. It has ever been her fate gal* ; lautly to fight and, unfortunately, to fail. Station?, like individuals, cannot afford to risk partnership with the unlucky one. Anyhow, the air is full of explosive gas, which a spark may ignite at any moment. Meanwhile, how is it with the British Army? Where is the First Army Corps 2 Where are its generals, aud who compose its staff 2 1 A.member of the House of Commons may ! well ask where it is. Eighteen millions sterling spent anunally on onr Army, and the ghost of an army corps to show for it. Every cation in Europe is ready to fiy at its neighbor's throat either to rob ber or to preserve what she herself has stolen. Mean* while we go on experimenting as quietly as the philosophers at Lapuia. Experimental rifles—experimental drill—experimental cannon. With the greatest command of money and mechanical science in the world, we are the last nation in Europe to invent or adopt any military improvement. Jso nation in Europe has onr constant experience of warfare—for we are always at war—and . yet no nation in Europe knows less about it. Strong hopes ate entertained that further disturbance in connection with Miss O'Gor man's lectures at Lismore will be averted. The Roman Catholic authorities, including Cardinal Moras, have appealed to the people to iake no notice of the lecture, and a proclamation has been issued by the Cover* nor cautioning those who offended on Tuesday against creating any further disturbance, aud calling on all the subjects of her Majesty in the district to assist in maintaining order* 