PICTURES OF COMBAT. I'ROTECTION v. FREE-TRADE. A BAITTLE AT SPRING HILL. The field of this battle lies pleasantly on the western slopes of thoe colony,bcyond the first gre ,t mountain chain, past Bathurst, on the road to Oranre; and the tale ol tle bhtcto may he foe, ?u 'st at full lena.Lb and in graphic slylo, in tho Wesocreaedvorcte, published at Orso on Sat,-day Ist: S.:inghirl is I10 • mies roeu sydney, far enough to he out of tise reach; of ordinary metropolitan inslivnces. Its people are all farmers, and *tho-e who eater for tleirwants. They are by no means wealthy folks. Many amongst them indeed are desperately poor, working for bare subsistence in a fashion t "?.C wo 'd disgust the poorest store hand in town, and, indeed, there is a general feeling that they are not half so well off as they de. cc cc to be. Some of them have pat a good deal of easetal into their work, all of them have put much labour, and nero of them "re n sUehe good terms with their bankers that they could ask wtbll any ressonalbe hope for an over draft to exhend their operatioans. To these people lately came tidins of pos sibilities of some help in the wayf protec tion. Theybegan to hope, totalk, to enquire, and seemed actuatey disposed to waver in their aUcgiance to the infallble priuciplh of freeotm?d. Ando tlere were these amongst them who held this to he deadly an. "You mutst netotlik of it," asidthe sworn frec-traders; "youmust not touch it. Ilis an accursed thing; we will prove to you tant there is no hope of salvaion in it, o an'e!ioratod condiltions from it." "But you can't," replied some meddle omeo rasea who la deoerved to be burned for his r heresy." aut we can and will," persisted tlhe true believer; and so it ca ee to a "come on," and a pitched battle in the Spring Hill Tem perance He!all. Delegates fromh the Ornuge hAgrilsiturt Union cama down, and sid-.s were taken on the platform. A Mr. Melhlaish spoel: first for free-trade. He argued that free-heads meant cheap living, that free. trade had done good service to New South Wales, though tie drought had smitten her sorely; that if protection was good amongst nations, it was also good amongst small communities, that if Aus tralia protected against America, Spring hill should protect against Millthorpe (Millthorpe being another lhulect just over the hill) thlat protection opened a way for fraud, and that if the Govern ment spent les money, the country would be pro3perous enough. This gentleman was not of the calibre of Mir. G. H. Reid as a fighting man, and hlie went down and broke up badly before the desperate onsetofMr. Flan gan, who followed. Mr. Flannagan had gone beyond figures to facts. MIr. Flan'aaan had seen the thousand million blacks, and brown and yellows of India and China, andfoolish man believing the free traders to be staunch in their professions, he asked "Are you going to force am into open competition with these ?" And fu?rther, he could see the utter im possibility of true free-trade when nine tenths of the ports of thie world were barred with customs houses. These were tihe big facts Mr. Flannagan gripped, but possibly he stirred his audience more with the £150,000 worth of Victorian produce imported into New South Wales during the month of May, and with his iIlus tration of the £100 gone out, absolutely out of the country, for the purchase of Mr. Pe:rce's carriage, when, had Mr. Pearce paid a local manufacturer, say £.110, the money would still be going round about, creatiag blessing, like the sunshine and the rain. Bat who shall deset:ba the poor parson when he came into the fray? He was a man of peace, God wet, but .this devil of protection had forced him-out on the war path- e would have no protection. Free trade meant cheap goods, protection meant dear goods: he was the apostle of cheap ness. It was the fourth sacrament of his church. Andnow will you,reader,remember afew words we printedyesterday, Professor Chompson'swords, uponthe classes who are always prone to free-trade because they desire cheapness, and do not object to grind the faces of the poor if so they may obtain cheapness. The Professor named parsons firat. did he not, and then professional men generally? He seems, in one instance at least, to have been right. But having struck his very manly stcoke for cheap ness, the parson put on his gown (meta phorically) and preached. "It is not free trade that troubles you, or that troubles England, my brethren, it is drunkenness. You spend millions yearly in strong drink."' Somebody here pulled the poor man's coat-tails, and somebody else said "shoo," and so the "lastly" came in at once, and the parson sat down; and by the time the hour was late and fast away from Bathurst they knew the train was coming, and the Orangemen were getting uneasy. The case had been fairly put, and their minds were made up, besides it was a pro teetion man's turn next, and it seemed like carrying coals to Newcastle to buildup more arguments on that side. IMr. Bourke, however, like an apostle of the old time, Oiled full of the Holy Ghost, must needs dehiverhimself by a few observations, and when he had had a brief and brilliant five minutes they put tihe question. The Chairman looked. There was some thing wrong. A hundred and fifty men in the body of the hall, and arms only sticking up at intervals like scaracrows in a cornfield. One, two, three, slowly he counted-very slowvly-tlhey were waiting, surely to come with a burst and startle him. But they didn't come. He halted at thirteen; he could not get past tshirteen. There were onlythirteen,out of a humudred and fifty, to vote for a continu ance of the existing order. "Og the con trary ?" Up they shot then, like sap lings in the forest, like cornstalks after athunderstorm. Ey tens andbytwenties, stout arms andhonest brown hands. The chairman did not try to count them. He shook his head sorrowfully and said, "The noes have it." He vacated the chair and turned with a reproachful look to the par son, who gathered up his coat-tails and stalked off, too much perturbed to ask a blessing. They sang chorusses all tihe way back to Orange, these jolly fellows, and they would have been ten times as happy had they understood the real sig nificance of their own action. They have fought and won tlhe first good battle, they have struck a note which will echo through New South Wales, which will be answered from Cooetamundra Hills and Murray and Murn ombidge flats, from Bathurn t downs and New England t-ble lands, which will be tPken up throughout time colony, and which will have effect when next polling day come: round. That next polling day which m?.y soon, very soon, be here; that day of election for a new Parliament, with all its oppoetunities and all its re-ponsi bilities, needs to be taken into the very serious consideration of all the Unions, farmers and rthers, throughout the colony. If they propose to win anything by it, they mustfcarefully prepare for it, and the most important parnt of preparation, perhaps, is the selection of suitable candi dates. We have the scum rather than the cream of the country in Parliament now. Let us be a little careful swhat we choose lwhen the next turn comes. 