FAREWELL TO CAPTAIN AND. AIRS ' , STEPHENSON. ! : / , . A farewell tea .to, the above-mentioned took pliice'in tho Barracks of the, Salvation1 Army ! last evening. When it became known that tliey were to leave Castleinaine, a number of the " soldiers" set to work arid organised the tea, which was , liberally, patronised, aud ;passed off. successfuily. Commissioner Howard,, Colonel jBai-Kcr, auu. Adjutant Yeale were-. present. .At the public meeting afterwards, the Barracks was well attended; . .The proceedings, were opened by singing " When we shall part no more," which ' was sung lustily, after which prayers wero otteted up, interspersed with singing, CciiiirriHsioher Ilowdrd accompanying ' on tlie concertina. Another Iiymn,' " Hiding ill Thee;" liavirig beeii suiig, Coniinissioncr Howard said lie liked to be present with the " soldiers" when there were no demonstrations, sri thai ho coiild see them .when .they did licit " blow their trumpets." He did.iiul luean'the baud, '.for, in his opinion, he, did not think itliere ,. was another . Army Baud .in tlio cqlony! that blew with such forte as the band iii Oastlemaine did. Tlie " soldiers " showed their appreciation of these remarks by shouting " Hallelujah " lus- tily- ... jv.i i !: , The Corimiissiouer. then read the C1I1 chapter of Ephesiaris, which lia'd particular reference'' to the training, of children by .their.' parents/ and the duties that tliey have to fulfil towards each lolher. . , " ' - Testimonies . were . then r giveu . by, the ./'.sol diers," after which' a " special collection " was I made. ' .: ' rJ ; i" I Commissioner Howard then remarked 'that I Captain Stepliensdn'wo'uld be leaving-' the 'town I to .take charge, of the ,cbrpQ at' 'Ballarat.;. He felt sure they would be soi'ty fit losing Captain Stephenson, who was to be succeeded by Captain I Birkei""b«v'w, .'ivlio ivduld afrivob" tlie 20tU inst. jicijuc,...!. .x-cuio -„Yuiu, — iu tlio meantiino, ri6 . -'"t,. phargo -of this corps , until Captain Birkeushaw arrived. Aire' Stephenson i expresBea great regret At: leaving Castleinaine. Although she wife unable to do much for the \- ri?f , f)r?yed ' nightly that she ' would? bo enabled to dd nibre. If sue did not meet them on parth again, she lioped .tb db sb ih' Hfiaven. Colonel Barker said, he was glUd tb be again present with them. . He knew there were' some present who had not been /'saved;" but although tjiey might have possessed, all the world's grtbds, tliese were uot lasting, arid liad to be left be hind. -The Colonel 'cited the cale'bf.'a'ybring man, who had beeii enjoying a fast life, but had a praying mother. The lad thought Uiat by be- irig hve nnnutes in Hell lie woiild foriiet all the pleasures of the 'world that Ho1 had' gone through, but by the Spirit of the Holy GhoSt h'e i5i,rnt to it"017, "ml five minutes in Heaven was better, and made up, for years of scorn , that, he might have been subjected to on earth.. The Colonel remarked that it., was mot wearing a uniform; nor beating adriim, that was the-iueaiis r,f,g0t",!«SInner8 converted— it was believing in Christ. .That brought about the desired reforifaa- I !on . v .e- the Almighty td show siiinrh Uie error of their 1 wajis; so ' that ' they ' May I give, their hearts to Jesus. ' J-;i ? v: : f. I M 0a.d"'i " Tommy" Simriis, ivho is1 also leaving the town , , referred . to tho tiriie lie eanio here, ile had seen several' sinners . converted, and had always . found , the people . of Cristlemairie kirid- hearted. Captain Stephenson remarked, that since he had been here he had proved true to God, and worked oneige.tically iri the iriterests of tho Arm', which he liked. Ho had walked : tho streets of Castleinaine to obtain converts, and he .would do likewise at Ballarat. He had lived a consistent arid liolylife, hud believed in men and women being stable in their Christianity. He predicted that the Army would be the means i j?\\.er"nS',nmny thousands more, and con cluded by invoking God to bless therii all. Commissioner Howard also delivered a short addrera, 111 which ho remarked that he was about to start on a journey of 4000 miles through ?! cs'and. He entreated sinners to go to the penitent form.' , i . , . , / Cr Roberts, Mr E. Rowe, arid a'nuinbor' rif others occjapied seats on thq platfprrti. ' ' " 