Novelist "DORA DUNBAR." AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. CHAPTER XV.—(Continued.) "BY M O N A." Sometimes in a forgetful frame we turn to her room as in days of yore, for advice and encouragement, only to bo confronted by her vacant couch. And in the wet cold nights that follow how hard it seems to shut her out in the rain and darknss while we gather round the hearth, even though we know it is but the shell and the casket lying there—that the pearl, the percious gem, it hold is safe in God's keeping. CHAPTER XVI. It is a little more than forty-eight hours after burying our dead that the final blow falls. I am till beside the dinning room fire listlessly looking into the depths and thinking half-bitterly, half regretfully of Norton Fowler's share in my past, thinking what comferts i might have derived from his love during these dark, dark days, had he been true to his better nature when the chief sud- denly enters his face ghastly and horror- stricken, and tosses to Ag, whoso presence I had been almost oblivious of a telegram form. "Missfortiunes never come singly!" he groans striding out of the room, without another word and shutting himself into the den, as a slam of the door proclaims. "What is it Ag?" I ask apprehensively, noting the sudden awful horror that dilates her eyes, and blanches her cheek, " What is it?" I repeat in impatient agony, half-fright ened by her stony anguish. Once, twice, she tries to speak, but in vain The third time the one word "Freddie" makes itself heard. Its utterance seems to break the spell, and mechanically she hands me the paper, but I turn from it with a shudder, remembering the one I got at Sun- nyside. " No, tell me,—is she ill?" I cry, fearing I know not what. "I'll?-worse!" shudders Ag, bowed and broken-looking. ." Worse?—not dying? oh, not dying! It cannot be!" "Dead!" and with tho word she falls on her knees beside me, and with her arms around me and her head in my lap,she breaks into a storm of sobs that terrify, and, taken in conjunction with her terrible news, be wilder me totally. Dead I can it be possible ?—she, our bright, beautiful, beloved sister— dead! I could laugh aloud at the thought, in my disbelief. That young, vigorous, beautiful life out short that gay, sweet voice hushed, those sunny eyes sealed for over I and all hor new-born wealth of mother-lovo and wifely-worship dead with her! 0 baby Bruoe; poor, little motherless wait I I could almost hate you in the first heat of our new fire of affliction! Is it any wonder that he your sorely-striken sire, should shrink, for a time from the sight of your sweet innocent face, knowing that your birth has cost his darling's life? God com- fort him, and guide thee poor babe—so un conscious of thy loss! For nearly twenty minutes Ag clings, weeping wildly, to me, deaf to my soothing words, insensible to all my caresses, then gradually she grows calm, and turns com- forter for the benefit of tho rest of us; first telling me the substance of the telegram. It is very brief, simply conveying the sad news, and promising particulars by the first mail. Taken away from the evil to come," Mrs. Sutherland's words recur to us both, and gratefully we thank God that she was spared this crushing blow. Even as we dwell upon those strangely prophetic syllables, Mrs Sutherland arrives, her own grief swallowed up in the greatness of her sympathy for us. But why dwell upon the long weary hours of sad waiting that follow? or even upon the contents of poor Lex's heart-broken letter?— they, indeed, are too sacred to be lightly ex- posed to every eye. Enough that it is too true,—that dreadful telegram,—that she, the flower of the family, the pride and joy of her husband's heart is truly under the sod— hidden from our earthly eyes for ever. She bad never recovered her strength after her baby's birth, seeming at first to do well, then, gradually, fading away, wasting to a skeleton almost, so thin and weak, but to the last sweet and unselfish, cheering him with confident assurances of their future meet- ing. Last messages she sent us all, bidding us specially be good to her "boys," for her sake, and advising Lex to leave New Zealand, where he had neither kith nor kin, and re- turn to his old home. But that neither duty nor inclination will sauction at present. The land that holds her dust, is dearer to him than even the land of parents, home, and friends, and for her little one's sake he must not lightly resign the post that means independence, and eat the bread of idleness; for there is no opening for him in S—, nor much prospect of there being one. Besides in work, he can best forget his loss, he tells us and work he does —so hard that he knocks himself up most pronouncedly and three or four months later finds himself ordered home on sick leave for three months. There I find him looking the ghost of the old timo Lex, poor fellow! when I return for the Christmas vacation, for I had insisted on going back to my work at Camborough, des- pite the mute entreaties, of Ag's wistful eyes, and the chief's suggestion to relinquish it. There was nothing for me to do at home in our diminished household, as I told them, and I must have something to fill my thoughts, and take me out of myself. Reluctantly, they had consented at last to my continuing it for another year, hoping then, I might resign it of my own accord. My Sunnyside friends had met me on my return with a genuine sympathy that tried my control sorely, and vied with each other in their kindness to me. Nance I find quite recovered and looking health and beauty personified. She has at length consented to "name the day," and rather to Mr. Alexander's disgust, has fixed it for no less distant a date than St. Valen- tine's day, that being also her birthday. Slowly the weeks pass by, despite all I can do to make them fly—working hard during school hours, and harder still study- ing for matriculation in my spare time, for in study now I find forgetfulness and calm. Twice a week I go into C— for lessons and it is on one of these occasions that, on leaving my tutor's residence and calling for letters at the post, I receive the following precious epistle. Fernlea, Tuesday evening, My DearMiss Dunbar. Let my anxiety to render you the full ex- planation that is your due plead for my presumption in thus addressing you, and in justice to yourself do not aot upon what will most probably bo your first impulse, and return this unread. Do not think for a moment I mean to make excuses for myself, or try to gloss over my vile conduct. Let that stand in all its black cowardly treachery, it will the sooner quench the last spark of your regard supposing that even one remains, and to forgot me is the wisest thing you can do now. Aye, forget me, forget that I ever entered you life, though, till my dying day, I shall cherish a fond rememberance of your every word and look. I love you too well to wish you to preserve even the faintest memory of me for remembrance must mean aught but happiness or pleasure in this case, and you have had your share of sorrow and pain of late—may tho future recompense you amply for tho past. But to come to the point. I deem it only right to tell you that as deeply as I loved you when I asked yon to become my wife. I love you still, more deeply on the principle that forbidden fruit gains in sweetness; the unattainable becomes all- deairable! From the first hour I met you and fell under the spell of your loveliness, till the present moment my passions has been a part of my life and will be till I cease to exist. Does this horrify your sense of right? my loving one woman with all my soul, and perjuring myself to gain another's gold. " The love of money is the root of all evil," truly now-a days as of old and with N. F., especially. Picturesque poverty I can form no concep- tion of. Penury is my pet antipathy and to be hard up with others depending on me— the thought is enough! I should desert them or commit suicide. Am I painting myself plainly enough? It is not a sweet picture is it? No, the change is not in you, but in my altered circumstances. As the manager of Fernlea. I had a comfortabkle home, if not a luxurious one to offer my wife but as Norton Fowler, minus position and prospects existence on a pound a week perhaps to share. My marriage will be purely a bargain —the rent-roll of Lillics for my youth and good looks, my bride elect tells me. I may flatter myself on the possession of the latter without vanity, and for youth—l am only twenty-eight in years, but thrice that in worldly-wise foresight, eh? Have I said enough to make you loathe and despise me even as I despise myself? In one way I hope so, but despise me, forget me if yon will, yet pity me a little, too, for villain and coward as I am, my punishment is hard to bear. Tied for life to a woman I do not even profess to love, who bores and irritates me every hour of the day, thrice her wealth could not rcoonocile me to my loss of your sweet self. Who would envy me? Perhaps the—" But here contempt and disgust and get the better of me, and crunching the piper into a ball, I thrust it into my pocket with angry vehemence. " Miserable wretch!" I mutter to myself, "it would serve him right to send it to his " bride elect' as he calls her, but between her infatuation and his lack of conscience, he'd convince her it was a forgery." "What's the matter, Dot? something has upset your serenity, " Nance's voice breaks in on my soliloquy, as I near the gate of her another's cottage. Drawing her into her own room I give her the letter with a curt— "Read that" Puzzled, but obedient, she does so, and I watch her face with its lightning changes of expression while she reads. Surprise, contempt, indignation, disgust chase each other across it, and confirm my own opinion. . "Well?" I say "sharply, as she silently hands it back. " Don't speak of him, Dot, he's beneath your notice," she advises gently, then, curi- osity proving stronger than her resolve, " When did he propose, dear?" " The day he drove me down in his dog- cart." " And you—" " Said' yes,' after a week's consideration. But enough of him Nance. I wish the widow joy of her bargain." " You are well rid ol him, dear; don't regret him." "I don't now. That letter cured me," I laugh, bitterly. "When does the wedding take place, Nance" " Next Thursday, I heard yeasterday." "In C-?" "Yes, at the English church." " Thursday—that is fete day, is it not ?"' " Yos, or to quote the 0— iVeiM, our ? An nual Athlete Sports.'" " And a school holiday! Nance, I must got in for it." "The fete?" "No the wedding." "dot do you mean to make a death's head of the feast ?" "I mean to make Norton Fowler see my mania is over." "As you please, via chere. The church will be crowded, I think, for it's to be a grand affair as dress goes, though only intimate friends are invited. He wanted a private wedding, Mrs. Baynor told me, but she insisted on asking her hundred and one particular friends, and being married in the church." " Wise woman, after paying so much for him, why shouldn't she exhibit him?" " Cynie! are we to be present then ?" " And witness the sacrifice— yes." " Can you calmly look on it ?" " Watt and sec--l think so." "Be up in good time then, we mustn't be late," she says, as the buggy comes round to the gate. " All right," I promise, as I follow Mrs. Arcroft out to it, stopping a momont to say good-bye to Mrs. Stair. "In time for what, Dot?" asks Mrs. Arcroft,_as we bowl along. " Mr. Fowler's wedding on Thursday." "On, you heard of it, then? -, curi ously. " Yes, and I want you to drive me in to see it," I say, coaxingly. "" Gold won the day after all, Dot?" she ventures, in half tender, half-sarcastic tones, "I hope he may be as happy as he deserves. It's a pity, for his sake, you hadn't a ' Lillica , to take him to." " And a blessing for mine," I laugh. " That sounds like sour grapes, eh ? but it's not. Like ' Lady Clare, I want to be loved for ' my own true worth. , " I'm glad to bear it, Dot," she says earnestly, " I should nover forgive myself if I thought that by making him so welcome always, I had helped him to deceive you at all. "Never think that, dear Mrs. Aroroft. I was deceived in him for a time, I candidly confess, bat my eyes are open now, and I resign him to the widow without a regret. " That's good news to mc, and in gratitude for it, I promise to drive you in to see the knot tied if all's well." She is as good aa her word, and Thursday morning finds us, on the stroke of eleven, simmering in the crowded church, waiting for the wedding party. Three, four, five minutes pass, then the carriages dash up to the church, and a moment later the bride enters on her brother's arm, his face expressing the dis- approbation he feels. She is fearfully and wonderfully resplendent in ruby brocade, the bodice fitting her substantial figure with a tightness suggestive of an explosion, with a blaze of diamonds at her throat, ears and wrists, and in her hair. Entering by another door her bridegrom advances, and meets her at the communion, in front of the old clergyman. Handsome and self-possessed, he goes through his share of the solemn service with outward indiffer- ence. " Till death do us part." As the words fall on my ears I recall his written ones— "Tied for life to a woman I do not even profess to love," and I wonder if he remembers them too. The ceremony ever, he makes no effort to foil the " best man's" determination to obtain the first kiss but coolly drawing his wife arm through his, leads her to the vesiry. Then the crowd slowly files, out so slowly that Narco! and I are only emerging from our pew as bridal party re-appear, and my funeral figure in it's deep mourning is the first thing they see. That he sees it the dark red flush that dyes his face declares, and his eyes fall before mine, but only for a moment; then, bowing slightly, he hurries on. After the breakfast the "happy pair," start for Sydney, where they spend the honey- moon. And thus ends that chapter of my life. CHAPTER XVII. Christmas Eve beholds my return to S— for three weeks. Vic, a tall, slender, gentle manly youth of sixteen now, is on the station to meet me, and Ag'a sweet face gleams radiantly from the cab he leads me to. " I couldn't come any further, dear," she says, softly, glancing down at a small, chubby figure in her arms—a bright, bonny bit ot humanity, whose big blue eyes and sunny curls proclaim him Freddie's son. "Bruce? Ag! give him to me," I cry. hastily, returning her kiss as I bend to take him. "Isn't he like her, Ag?" I murmur, alternately, kissing him and staring him out of countenance, "What a splendid little fellow ! Is he as good as this always ?" A question Master Bruce answers himself by setting up a lusty roar, and shrinking shyly from my strange face. " Oh, hush! Here take him, Ag," bund- ling him into her arms in dismay, "sto him if you can." That she does speedily, the mite seems already to know and love her, then she applies herself to answering my many questions till we reach home. Home! It scarcely seems that with out the all- prevading influence of our sweet invalid mothor. And the worn, altered face of Lox at the drawing-room window adds to its strangeness, as, with drooping frame and feeble step he comes to meet us. I recall my last glimpse of him on his Wedding-day, and the contrast moves me to tears. " Dora!" he says, with forced cheerfulness, "is it really you?—really the little pale student of two years ago ? Time has been a generous friend to you, as far as beauty and bloom arc concerned ma chere." "Ay, but how bitterly, how hardly that same time had dealt with me in the matter of my dear ones!'' I remind myself, return ing his salutation, and at the thought my lip- quiver painfully, forbidding speech. Altogether it is a sad home-coming, and the days that follow are dreary and joyless— full ot memories of the misaing faces that leave such gaps in our circle. Lex we see little of but baby Bruce almost lives with us—Ag and he being inseparable; lives with us entirely, indeed, for a fortnight of my visit, owing to a sudden relapse that almost leaves him doubly-orphaned. The chief takes a wonderful fancy to the little sprite, and spends minutes at a time playing and romping with him, aa I am sure he never did with us, and Ag and Vic vie with each other in their efforts to spoil him, and I must plead guilty to aiding them. Uneventfully my holidays pass, and a week after the New Year I set out on my return to Camborough, accompanied by Vic, whose delight at the prospect of a month's hunting, etc., at Sunnyside, is boundless. Mrs. Arcroft had taken a great liking to his frank, laughing face in my album, and enjoyed my stories of his quips and pranks so much, that I had strict orders to bring him back with me if only for a month. The chief had hesitated a little before consenting. plunging poor Vic into unfathomable dispair, and transporting him thence, to the seventh heaven of delight, by finally granting him a month's holiday. At our journey's end, we find Mr. Arcroft and his better half, with the drag awaiting us, and, after a hearty welcome, I bundle in at the back with the latter, while Vic finds himself in bis element, perched at Mr. Ar- croft's side behind Pysche and Hebe. "And how is Nance?" ia my firat ques- tion. "Well laughs her sister, "in health but who can 'minister to a mind diseased?' Nance is a victim to the green-eyed monster." "Nonsense!" " Its the truth, Dot." " ' Maybe, but I dinna think so,'" I quote merrily. " Who is she ?" "That's the best of it—it isn't a she at all." "Who then?'' "Mr. Langdon—Witty Langdon." " Who is he ?" " Dot, do you mean to aay that knowing Gilbert the last six months, you don't know who Watty Langdon—" "Stay!" laughingly interrupting her, "I remember, Mr. Langdon is Gilbert's 'own familior friend,' is he not ?—hie voluminous Queensland correspondent?" "Yes, but he is back for good, and Gilbert, in his delight, neglected Nance for two whole hours, and so won. Watty a place in her black books." " Not he—she's too sensible and unselfish for that. What is Mr Langdon like?" " Tall and dark, rather melanoholy-look- ing. He has the finest dark eyes ever saw, and the sweetest smile—it quite alters his expression, which is usually grave to for- biddingness." "I like the description. When shall I see him?" " This day week. We are going to have a kangaroo hunt at Mt. Trewan and he's coming." "Next Saturday! Won't Vic be dc- lighted. "No doubt—we got it up in his honor, and he's to ride Inez. Do you think he can manage her?" "Oh, I think so; but, Mrs. Arcroft, isn't it too soon—" " I understand you, dear," she says, gently as I falter and finally break down, " but I think not. There's only Mr. Langdon and Gilbert coming, besides ourselves, and you and I are to drive over, after the hunting party. Vic musn't go home without seeing a little life in the West. During the following week, Vic ia the con- stant companion of Mr. Aroroft and Nance in their daily rides, striking up a friendship with the latter, that each day cements more firmly. The exercise agrees with him, and improves his appearance wonderfully, trans- forming him into a "positively handsome youth," as I condescendingly inform him, my reward for the information being a fillip in the ear, and a brotherly injunction to be "civil to my superiors." The fateful Saturday dawns at length, bright and breezy, end, after an early breakfast, we set off for Mt. Trewan, Nance in her blue habit and shady hat, look- ing grace and happiness personified, rides off with Gilbert, closely followed by Mr.Langdon, his host and Vic, after whom come the boundary riders and all the station dogs, Mrs. Arcroft and I bringing up the rear with a buggy load of good things in the eatable line. The drive is a delicious one, up hill and down dale, along soft sandy roads, that wind, white and cool, through dusty wattle groves, and across broad brown heaths then through a great fern carpeted forest of stringy bark till finally we emerge at the foot of steep bald Mt. Trewan. Beside a splendid spring at its foot we picnic for an hour or so dis- cussing cold chicken and cream cakes, and Christmas festivities, and kangaroo hunts alternately. Then the hunters ride off, leaving Mrs Arcroft and me to repack the hampers after which we pile the buggy rug and cushions on the ground, and lazily lounge and talk the time away with for variety's sake, a little reading from " Romola." " Not to read, and reading not to appreci- ate Romola means a deficiency in one's moral nature," a gentleman visitor had averred a week before and Nance had straightway obtained a copy read it, and raved over it since, "proof positive of no lack in her moral nature," she gravely as- sured us, though I warrant she skipped pages. . It is late in the afternoon when the hunters return, tired, but well pleased with their sport, Vic especially elated, haying been complimented by tho rest on his fearless riding. "What do you think of the country, Vic ?" asks Mrs. Arcoft. " I never saw anything like it, it's wild Australia with a vengeance," saye Vic. "It reminds me of Gordon's ride after the bush rangers." "Spare us, Vic!" I cry, fingers in ears, " we all know what you mean, it's something about—" Hard behind themn through the timber, harder still across the heath, Right behind them, through the tea-tree scrub we dashed. And the golden-tinted fernleaves, how they rustled underneath. And the honeysuckle osiers, how they crashed. " Stop him, some one, please." "Not need," he answers lugubriously, " Hearing Gordon murdered in that fashion has subdued me." " That's a rap for your reciting powers," laughs Nance, who shares his mania for Gordon. "A well- merited one," gravely asserts Gilbert while Mr. Langdon puts in— "Miss Dunbar, have you the courage to condemn Gordon in present company? Don't you know we Western district folks take a particular pride in him, and are all his ardent admirers !" " I know, but, Mr. Langdon, let me quarter you for a month with one of his devotees— Vic, for example—who is raving about ' The Wreck' etc, from dawn to dark, and I'll warrant you'll wish Gordon had died young." " Come, Doll, ' in your might remember mercy,'" cries Vic. " Can't you turn the tables on her, Vic?" laughs Gilbert. " Tell us whose poems she pesters you with?" "Don't know his name," says Vic, his eyes sparkling wickedly, " but I remember a verse or two she made our lives miserable with," and assuming a sentimental air he drawls — You may forget the woman, I may forget the man, But the perfume of the lilies Forget it if you can. . A shout of laughter rewards his mimiery. " Go on, Vic, give us some more," cries Nance; "it is Dot seen under now circum- stances to us. What is the name of that piece?" " 'Day lilies,' I think. I don't know any more of it, but there's another favourite of hers makes me wish I was afflicted with deaf- ness, though its such a happy blending of the earth earthy with the celestial, that I suppose I should admire it. It runs— You require that your mutton mutton should always be hot. That your socks and your shirts should be whole. I require that your heart should be true as God's stars, And pure as His heaven your soul." " Mutton and heaven, humph " comments Mr. Langdon whimsically, surveying my scarlet cheeks. " I must say I'm with Vic on Gordon's side, Miss Dunbar." "And I and l" laughingly chorus the rest. "Come, good people," cries Mrs. Aroroft from the buggy, "if you want to recruit the inner man before we start for home hurry up there's no time to waste." Scrambling up, we make our way to her, and hastily " snatch a mouthful," as Mr. Arcroft calls the meal we make. Then the dishes are packed, the ponies harnessed, and the hunters' horses led round. "Are you ready, Martha?" cries Mr- Arcroft, looking on, with an indifference born of ten years matrimony, at Gilbert tucking her into tho buggy. " In one moment," the latter replies. " You can start—Nance and I'll see the ladies off." " All right, come on Langdon! come, Vic I " and off they canter, followed by the pair of us in the buggy, with the lovers in the rear. Presently they pass us for a race on the heath," as Gilbert informs us, and in a minute are out of sight. Easily we bowl along through the timber chatting idly over tlio doinga of the day, and blissfully ignorant of the tragedy so soon to take place. The sun is low in the west at weemerge - from the timber on to the heath, and shining into our eyes dazzles them so that we are glad to regain the shelter, or shade rather of the trees on the far side of the heath. Merrily we pursue our way, winding in end out among the tall "sons of the forest,", bordering it, till we come suddenly on a little group blocking the road—a group we had not noticed sooner, so absorbed had we been in steering clear of the many trees on each side. Full length across the track lies Gilbert, motionless, his head pillowed on Nance's breast, while she strives to stanch the blood staining with its red stream the dear face al- ready set in the pallor of death. " Good God" cried Mrs. Arcroft throwing me the reins and springing down to them, "What is wrong, Nance?" Nance—is it Nance's face that confronts us? that gray, stony, expressionless mask? is it her voice that in hard, monotonous tones explains: "Wildfire bolted and ran into that tree." "Great Heavens is he much hurt, Nance ?" "Hurt? No—he doesn't suffer—killed on tho spot," she said, in the same strange me chanical way, brushing back with her blood- stained hands, his thick curls. " Dot, Dot, it has turned her brain! What are we to do?" wails Mrs. Arcroft, wringing her hands in agony, as she turns to me sit- ting sick with horror behind tho ponies. " We must get help,". I return inanely. " Yea, but how? I daren't leave her, and you can't drive." "No, but I can ride," pointing to Nance's horse near by—a horse that, under less des- perate circumstances, nothing would tempt me to mount. " Will the ponies stand?" " I think so, I don't know—never mind them. Oh be quick !" With trembling haste she assists me to mount, and hurries me off, tying the ponies loosely to a tree, then flying to Nance, to minister to her, for even I can see Gilbert is past aid. With palpitating heart I tear on, along the bush track and out again on to the heath, across which I strain my eyes in search of aid—in vain. Yet no1 approaching swiftly is a baggy and pair, with two men in it. The relief is so great that I burst into tears that blind my identity of both, till Mr. Cotton's well-known voice ejaculates: " Miss Dunbar ! has anything happened ?" Slipping to the ground, clinging to the saddle for support, I sobbingly explain. " Gilbert thrown—hurt—killed you think Good God! Bilton, you're just the man that's wanted here," cries the owner of that welcome voice, turning to his oompanion, a young doctor who is visiting C—. "Yes," he says, cool and self-possecssed, "Is it straight ahead on this road, the acci- dent happened, young lady?" " Yes," is all I can utter. " Then jump up here—you ore two un- nerved to ride that brute. Let it go, it'll make its way home and give the alarm." Gladly I obey, and, assisted by Mr Cotton, take my place between them. Then as we dash forward, he explains their opportune appearance on the scene. " We drove down to Sunnyside after lunch, and learning you were at the Mount, deter- mined to join you there, instead of waiting your return." " Did you meet Mr. Arcroft?" " Yes, he said that we'd find you a little further on with Gilbert—poor fellow!" The name recalls the awful scene, and again I give way, hurrying my face in my hands, and shuddering violently. A few minutes more brings us to our journey's end. Nance's awful composure has given way at last and she lies pale and death-like in her sister's arms. One glance at Gilbert's stiffening form is enough for the doctor, though he makes a show oi seeking for the " vital spark." "Killed instantaneously," is his verdict, and he turns his attention to Nance, over whom he is bending gravely, when at a break- neck gallop, Mr. Arcroft and Watty Langdon join us. "What is it?" cries the former, in his fussy, kindly way, " has—" The words die on his lips, as he espies the still figure with a handkerchief thrown over its face, and with a shuddering groan he turns away, while Mr. Langdon throwing himself on his knees beside it, weeps for a moment or two like a woman. "How did it happen?" asks Mr. Aroroft in a hushed tone, but that none of us know. "You must wait for particulars till this young lady is herself again," says the doctor, adding with, grim significance, "and that won't be for some time. Now," ho goes on briskly, "we must get her home at once. How are we to do it?" cutting short all en- quiries. "In the buggy, I suppose," answers Mrs. Arcroft, who, pale and trembling still with horror, is yet the only one self-posseseed enough to suggest anything. "In ours, then—it will hold three most comfortably," motioning Mr. Cotton to help him to lift her into it. " Now, Mrs. Arcroft, you get in, too, and I'll drive you— I can do no more for poor Alexander, and this young lady wants immediate attention." And what of— How can wo get Gilbert home?" she asks, falteringly. "The waggonette will be here soon," answers her husband huskily, "Wildfire tore past us at the black gate, splashed with blood, and gave me a hint to prepare for the worst, so I sent Vic on to tell them to bring it to meet us. If it wasn't needed, then at the better, I thought—there'd be no harm done." " Come," cries Dr. Bilton, " every moment is precious." "And Dot?" asks Mrs. Arcroft, "how is she to come ?" "One of us will drive her," answers Mr. Arcroft, "here, Cotton, will you, as the wife's taken your seat." " With pleasure," and in another minute we are off in tho wake of the first buggy, leaving the other two to guard the dead. "How came Wildfire to bolt, I wonder?" I find voice to say at last. " I can't imagine, took fright in some way I suppose. He was always a nervous, irritable brute. Gillbert was often warned about him. Poor fellow what an awful smash !" " He was killed at once, you think ?" " Must have been—brains dashed out. It was a terrible shock for poor Miss Stair." " Yes, she seemed quite dazed at first." "No wonder. It was enough to turn her brain ! They were to be married in less than a month, too." " Yes," I reply, and recalling all poor Nance's pretty preparations for the event, her many little plans and happy anticipations connected therewith, I burst into tears again, despite my efforts at self- control, and sob convulsively till we get to Sunnyside. CHAPTER XVIII. It is the day of the funeral. The inquiry is over—adjourned till Nance is able to give her evidence. When that will be, if ever, it is hard to say, for she lies at death's door, the shock having affected her brain. Alone at tho window of my room I stand, watching the sombre procession winding slowly past, and great tears dim my eyes as I look my last on the flower-covered casket that holds the remains of him who hod proved himself a true friend to many, a faithful lover to one, and an upright gentleman to all. " Happy is the corpse that the rain falls on," I repeat to myself, as, just as the mourn ing coach passes, a heavy shower begins, rendering almost invisible the sad face of Watty Langdon gazing out, and soon hiding the cortege from my view altogether. " God rest thee, Gilbert! thine was an early end," I say softly, turning from the window to encounter Mrs. Arcroft who, worn with grief and watching, had entered unheard, and caught my words. " Aye, Dot" she rejoins, " but now, as of old, 'whom the gods love die young. , " CHAPTER XIX. Eighteen months later, just two years after Freddie's death, I am sitting one wet, windy Saturday afternoon over the parlor fire at Sunnyside—for I am still teaching at Camborough, having succeeded by dint of arguments and entreaties, in gaining a feeble assent to my doing so from the home folks— reading my share of the oontents of the mail bag. Opposite sits Nance, not the gay, smiling, saucy girl of old, but a pale, grave, sad-eyed woman in deep mourning; lovelier and more loveable than ever in my opinion—remind- ing me strongly of Ag, our "Home Sun- shine," as mamma loved to call her, in her sweet, steadfast self-denial. " That's a big budget, Dot," she says smilingly, pointing to a bulky epistle in my lap. " Yes, one of Ag's newspapers," I laugh tearing it open. " She sends me fifteen pages sometimes and not five lines of news in it all.. Afraid I may feel lonely perhaps." " And that's her thanks—a caustic criti- cism." Silence, I am deep in Ag's didactic para- graphs. No news in her letters, did I say? Well, there is a piece in this that makes up for all past deficiencies. It " brings me up standing," as Vic would say, in a moment, and not till I read it twice do I take it in. " What is it, dear, not bad news, I hope?"' say? Nance, gently, but I only shake my head, and, gathering up my letters, rush off to my room. Them I road it again and again, and ask myself fifty times over can it be true? The runs the extract that bewilders me— "Ani aov, dear Dora, I have something to tell you that I am sure will surprise, but I hope not displease you, though, knowing your views on such matters, I feel very un- certain about it and shall eagerly await your reply trusting it may be favorable. At least, I know you will not judge me hastily, but patiently hear me through, and generously take into consideration the fact (so jealously guarded till now) that I lovad him long before his engagement to Freddie. There, the secret is out and, in indignation, I can see your astonished face. Yes, dear sister, to briefly state what, doubt loss, you already guess, Lex has, asked me to marry him, and I have said " Yes." It was only last night he spoke so I am losing no time in letting you know, for Oh, dear Dora, I long for your sympathy and dread that your old, strong antipathy to a man's marry- ing his deceased wife's sister may deprive me of it and without it I shall be miserable. Let me combat one by one your chief ob jections—l fancy I know them. First, with your strong affection for poor Freddie and prejudice against suoh marriages, it may seem to you that I am selfishly supplanting her in Lex's love. That, dearest, I can never do, she will always hold the first, best place in his heart; besides, l am sure she loved him too well for her to have wished him to lead (out of devotion to her memory) the wretched homeless—for, in tho truest, sweetest sense of the word, homeless he has been the last two years—life he has been leading. It's un natural, and, granting that if a man marries again, who can so well supply their dear mother's place to his children, as that mother's sister? Remember how dear we were to each other, Dora ; how inseparable always, and you cannot for a moment think that I would deliberately act a treacherous or unsisterly part towards her, especially seeing that in death she is dearer even to us all than ever. Ah no! my dear sister, I am sure there is no one she would choose before me to fill her plane in the lives of her dear ones. Now, to come to your second objection— the neatness of the relationship already ex- isting; but, Doll, dear, it is only relationship by marriage, and therefore, far less objection- able than the tie between first and seoond cousins, and how many of them marry? But, already, I have trespassed on your patience too far, so must deal with minor objections again. How long have I known of Lex's intentions? you will ask. Not till last night. I loved him long ago.as I told you, but, on Freddie's becoming his wife, looked on my love as a sin, and buried it deep in my heart, flattering myself that I had stifled it, but his first words undeceived me. I love him as deeply and truly as ever, and oh! I cannot consider my love a crime or a sin. Would God have gifted me with such a capa- city for loving unalterably if it were? I was as surprised as you can be, when Lex spoke, and cannot yet imagine why he made me his choice, unless, perhaps, little Bruce's affection for me suggested it; the little fellow is very fond of me, and I of him, as you know. God help me to do him justice? Mr. and Mrs. S— both seem pleased with the idea of my becoming their second daughter. Papa commends it, and Vic is delighted, so dear Dora, only your approba- tion is wanted to fill my cup of happiness to the brim. Let me hear it, sister, if you con- scientiously can. I covet your loving sym- pathy. Hoping to hear from you soon, with fond- est love and beat wishes—your anxious sister, Ag. P.S. No "outsiders" know of our en- gagement yet—no one I mean out of our two families, nor will they till I win you over to my side— supposing you will not enlist on it at once, but that I hope and pray you will. A. Laying my head on the letter at last, at after puzzling ovor it vainly till I am tired, I burst into bitter unreasonable tears. Yet are they so unreasonable ? To me such marriages have always seemed so objectionable, that is it any wonder I cannot reconcile myself to Ag's? Presently the door opens and Nance softly enters. Slipping her arm round me she whis- pers: " Sharing a trouble with a true friend lightens it of half its load, Dot, Let me help you to bear this, dear." " Read that then," pointing out the para- graph. "Well what is your opinion?"l ask as she concludes. "That Dora Dunbar ia the greatest little goose I ever came across," she smiles. " Why are you grieving over this ?" " There is something so repugnant about it—" " And because of your foolish prejudice," she interrupts, "three lives must be made miserable—Ag oondemned to a miserable old maidenhood—for she'll never marry anyone else —Lex doomed to lead his present lonely, loveless life, and poor littlo Bruce deprived of the best substitute for his mother's love he could have." "But Nance—" '"But me no buts,'" she quotes, half- laughingly, half-serious, "I second all Ag says, and shall insist on your sending her the warmest sisterly congratulations by next post. What, still hesitating?" 500 "I can't help it! fansy marrying one's : brothor-in-law." " I'd sooner do that than marry my cousin," declares Nance, " Besides, she loved him before ha became that. Hes is the one man in the world for her—her fate—her second self, or missing half, and you must not come between them. She deserves every happiness for her brave self-denial. Think how hard it must have been for her to hide her pain; for she must have suffered keenly during tbe days previous to his marrying Freddie. Did you never suspect " " Never; though, after they left us, I found her crying bitterly, hnt I thought it was over losing Freddie. They were so dear to each other always." "All the more in favor of her marrying Lex. Freddie would sooner that thon a stranger, by and by, Dot, it would most likely come to that, for the majority of widowed ones re-marry sooner or later," she assert, sagely. Some, as a sort of oompli ment to No. 1, a tribute to the memory of their past happy matrimonial essay ; Others to make up for not looking-before leaping, hoping to do hotter the second time." "I shouldn't like Lex to' marry a stranger for Bruce's sake," I admit, reluct- antly. "No, of course not, Now set to and write to Ag," nettling my writing table-before tho fire, " and givoher ray fondest love, and very bast wishes," vanishing; "Mind, Dot," re appearing for a moment, " a nice, long, loving, sympathetic letter" And I nHjk'y obey, as far as possible, her orders, reaping my reward in a sense af con- ' tentment that poasassw mc as I proceed. . "?'.-;? "Any admission ?"' cries Nance, an hour or ? mora later, paeping in. "Ye-j, 'J?eUme, will this do?" handing her V my letter. . " ; '?' "Firat-rat*, your bark's werao than your bite, Dot ? Now put on your best bib and-.;?;.' tucker. G.iJ2swby?" ; ???".?':'' ' -.; "No goolat conundrum?," evasively, ' \\-J-} : " Nor enything else;" with a gleam of her old psicty. -:..:'X./--:- -" Well,'Job's'here." . ?:.'^U; "Who's' Job*?" ...-;, " Mr. Cotton. Is it a good name for bin} ? f his patienca ia pathetic Perhaps 'Jacob*?- would be better 7 Wasnlt it ' Jaoob' served V soven yoars for Rachel? my memory, ia; ;; defective " Where does the connection come in ?' "Bah!" you deserve—but I'm , wasting:; breath. Aro you going to beautify?" "For Mr. Cotton's benefit—no," indiffer ently, conscious that the dark; blue dress, I arm wearing becomes mc admirably. > : ';'¥?l To be continued. BIG JIM "He's a bully!" "LiVi) iioocardl" " Hi's £, it lohanq 1 ' " 'i'bat'ahis third roan !" The one narrow ?tre J of tho frontier town was filled with a surging ciowd of excited men. There were Indian fighters, scouts, rjambkrn, tramp.?,'miners, spEtulators—every thing and everybody. Every town has its bully—every frontier town. Big Jim w.is the bully of Hill City. Ho could drink more, eurso louder, shoot quicker sud r-tart a row rooner than any other'man.' When he shot Lirnbor Joe it was a stand-off. It was rough against rotigh. Whoever went under, the town would bo the gainer. The death of his second victim brought him a certain respect, for he had given the man a fair show. Tiic-ro was a limit to the numbsr of men one might.'shoot in Hill Ciiy. It was three times and out. Big Jim had killed his third. Two hundrod mou—all excites"—soma half* I crazed—all indignant—some terribly aroused,. i surged down the street to the Bed Saar saloon bent on yengeanae. Big Jim and tho man ho had killed were alone in the place. \- "Bring him out 1" "He'sgot to hang!" " Bring out the bally and coward 1" There was a rush, but it was cheeked. Men had pistols and knives ia their hands, but the Bight of Big Jim with a "navy" in each hand cooled their ardor. A life for a life is not revongo. They lisd when they callel biai a bully. Bailies strike and run or bluster and dare not strike. They lied when they called him a coward. Cowards do not remain to face doath. Big Jim advanced a little. - The crowd fell bask. He stood in the door and sur veyed'the mob as ooolly! as another .man might havo looked up at th? pine-covered cre3t.of Carter's Peak. The mob ".rew quiat. There were 200 right hands clutching deadly weapons, but not a hand moved. Two hun- < dred to ono is appalling odds, but the one was master. Seeming ts face every man of them—seeming to cover ovory breast with the black muzzles of his revolvers —tho man backed away up the road into tho darkness, .-. j out of. their eight and hearing. Ho said not | a word. ~ There wasn't a whisper from the ; crowd until ho had disappeared. Then men drew long breaths of relief. A terrible menace :. had passed away. : ?? '; ;- Out into tbo darkness—down the rough road—over tho rude bridge, and there Big Jim put up his revolvers, turned his face ; square to the West, and stepped out without a, look back at the camp. It was ten miles to Harney's Bend. Men driven from the, ono casap took refuge in tho other, The. half way landmark was a bit of. a valley skirted by a creek. Wayfarers who were, journeying by team many times halted hfto. On this night there Tens alone wcogm. Under the canvas coyer slept a mother and fonr children. Resting against a wheel was the husband and father, his eyes peering into' the darkness—his eyes drinking in every sound. Big Jim had not reached the valley yet -.': When the still night air was rent with war- ' whoops—the crack of rifles— the Borcams of a woman and her children. Indiana had discovered tho lone and alaioat defenceless family.. There was five soalps to adorn their ; lodges. The bally and the coward had not been discovered. Ue could find a safe hiding plaoe. Did he? ? A half-dozen screaming, yelling fiends were dancing about the woggon—shooting—. strHsing-T-fiod?inG—closing in on tho one whito man who sotnahow escaped their blows and bullets, when there was a cheer and a' rush, and tho Navy* bogan to to crack. Sixty ~' seconds later, dead silenoo had fallen npon the valley. Ona—two—three dead Indians. The immi grant leaned against tho waggoD, faint with a wound in the head. The wife lookod out with an awful terror at her heart. Bullets had ohipped and splintered wheel and body. - "Who are you?" asked the immigrant,' as a figure ? approaohed him from the dark ness.?".... " Big Jim." ' "You have saved us from a massnoro." *' Yes, it was well that I happened along I Boueo, up tho.firo, for there ia no further dander," ' When', tba blazo caught tho freeh fagots and lighted up tho little valley, tho immigrant Oouutod the dead Indians again—ono—two- three. Ho turned with extendod hand, but BigJJim had departed. Next day, when men from.Hills and Harney's found hid dead , body beside the reaks a mile away, with five wounds whioh had let his life-blood out, they Whispered to each other: "We thought wo knowed him, but we didn't." Certain people keep themselves all day long full ot vexation beforehand, for some coming event or other. It is no point of wisdom for a man to best his brains about things impossible. 