ONE DAY'S WORK. chapter l I bad been a sby, shrinking child when I was first sent from home, and I had grown up a not less shy, unpopular S>A was not that I was ill-natured, or mean, or spiteful. I never remember any sucb charge being brought against me - nobody could say that I had ever done an ill torn to anybody, or refused, if opportunity offered, to do a good one. I do not know that they, any of them, positively disliked me ; but as certainly there was no one who cared much about me. I made neither friends nor foes, and it was not that I did not choose to. I would have given anything for love but I had not the way of winning it. No donbt it was a gift wanting to me in the beginning, but circumstances had had their share in emphasising its absence. Had my mother lived until I was older, she at least might have learned to nnderstand me ; I say she might — I don't know that she would ; I was not an attractive child even to her. She was so pretty and charming herself I must have been something of a puzzle and a disappointment to her, and then she had Godfrey — Godfrey, who was beautiful and a boy 1 It was not to be wondered at that, youog and admired and io society as she was, Bhe did not find much time for studying the character and winning the confidence of the poor, plain little girl, whoee very coming into the world bad brought disappointment with it. Bat as Bhe grew older, I might have come to be more to her, had she lived. She did not live ; at eight-and- twenty she died, leaving my father with the two of us — I eight years old, Godfrey two years younger. My father, out of whose life all the brightness and beauty had gone with her, induced au aunt of his own, an austere elderly woman, to come and keep house for him and look after his children. In my case, it was decided within the year that the best place for me would be school, and to school I accordingly went. My aunt Renedicta bad come to the conclusion that I was slow and sulky. The latter I may have appeared ; the for mer I do not think I was ever taken to be from the first at St Ronan's. I was happier and more at home iu my work than in anything else, and if I awoke any personal animosity amongst my school-follows it was because I out stripped them in it, and therefore to a certain exteut in the favour of my teachere. They approved of me, if they did not become attached to me, and one of them, in her qniet way, as ondemon- etrative as my own, mast have done this, though I only found it out when I was leaving. She had each a hard, formal, cnt-and- dried manner, and seemed to go throngh her work so exactly as though she had been wound up to it, that I bad never suspected her of caring for me or any body. So when, the day before I left, she came np to me in the midst of my packing, and pat her arms round me and kissed me, telling me with tears in her eyes bow much she should miss me, bow much pleasure she had taken iu my pro gress, and how I had never given her any trouble, only the greatest satisfaction, I was touched and surprised past the tell ing. ' God bless yon, Violet Darner,' she said. ' Yon are a good girl, and deserve to be a happy woman. And oh 1 my dear, don't let people think you less good and less loveable than you are. Don't let them be afraid of seeing iuto your heart. One may distrust oneself too much. One finds out tbe mistakes one has made oneself all one's life long too late to profit by it, but one may poiot out the rock to others and try to prevent them from splitting upon it just the same. They say you are cold and proud, and don't care whether you are liked or not, but I know better, and life gets very lonely as the years go on, without a little love. And it is so much easier to win it whilst one is young T the poor soul added pathetically. She was right in what she said, and I felt it and knew it, but how was I to alter my nature ? It was good advice, but it was of no use to me ; indeed I should have been better without it, for it only increased my eelf-cousciousuess. To please, one must feel in oneself the power of pleasing. My aunt remained at Feroacres about a year after my return from school, to feMirietA MHA « A4>A tiAaa nfluM iiiiUAw iuc auuu uauoo u«uv«»iu which, by her own wish, were henceforth to devolve upon me. The place was more pretentioue than the establishment, which had been cut down considerably at my mother's death, and my father cannot have lived up to his income, which exceeded four thousand a year. He was a man of qniet tastes and habits, fond of a country life and quite happy — so it appeared to me — amongst hie books and papers, when be was not ont and abont tbe place. That there was more io my father than — to use a homely expression— ever came out, the influence he wielded on the Bench, and the way Sir which his neighbours were given to turn ing to him in an emergency bore witness. He was a very just man, and had the highest standard of honour of any one I ever knew, with one solitary exception. If he was also very proud, bis pride was free from arrogance or vulgarity, for he had the simplest manners and was retiring to a fault. The quiet, happy life that we led for the first two years after my aunt left us, seems like a dream to me now. I was everything to my father, and he to me. We never said it to each other that 1 1 remember, until the time came for it to be over j we were not demonstrative people, but so it -was. We grew to be necessary to each other. _ It was not a particularly sociable neighborhood, to begin wim , » "j father had not been at the trouble of keeping people np, so that the chum's of society did not interfere with ns much. It was the greatest possible relief tomy father, when he found that I shrank from anything like -the ordinary xpntrne of. county society as much as he did himself. My first ball had been quite enough for t r.d hun «W and silent with my. chaperon, and sfiUiriore ehy.-ahKakiit with the unfortunate young men whoJjad been brought up to jne, and conscious of danrang m'a mannerrWjncn would have set Madame Michands teeth upon edge, had shebeen there, fo-eee,rt;: And it had not made matters better that my aunt Benedicta had -rfistinclly fite; approved of everything X wore. Nothing Lady Dbrim« oonia mj .on »ur w«y fo the Assembly Booma could do away with | the conviction that I was foredoomed to failure, and before tbe evening was over I conld detect even in her eauve manner a suspicion of impatience and disappoint- ment. 4 1 m afraid yoa don't care for daoclDg, she remarked at tbe close of it My girl doats on it. To sit out and enjoy yourself, yon must be a great flirt or a great talker— the men won't be bored with yon otherwise, no matter how pretty you may be. They will be amused ; that is the fact' 'Then I shall oever be any good at balls,' I replied, with more alacrity than I bad displayed throughout the evening, ' for I shall never amuse them, it 1s not in me. I was the wont dancer at St Ronan's, and I have not a notion of small- talk. I know nothing of politics, or plays, or fashionable people— how should I?' My chaperon laughed and shrugged her shoulders, and Laura, sitting opposite us, and apparently half asleep, lifted her long lashes, and regarded me with a sort of 8unerciliona amnanment I don't think either politics or plays wonld be of much nee to you,' Lady Lorimer said. 'There is a kind of free masonry amongst young people, as anile. You want to come amongst ns more, and have companions of your own age, I must speak to Mr. Damer abont it Sh did speak to Mr. Damer, find the result waB a clear understanding between my father and myself upon this par ticular point I was not required to go any more balls, and I had carte blanche to choose my own friends, and have them at Fernacres as mnch as I liked, which was not mnch; I seemed to have no time for them ; I rode with my father abont tbe farm, or drove into Brentford shopping early in the day, and in the afternoon there was almost in- variably something to be done, or studied, or seen to, together ; and then after onr tete-a-tete dinner, I used to play and eiog with bioi by the hour together — for this was a thing I conld do. We had vety little excitement. The one thing for which we looked forward from month to month was the arrival of the Indian mail, which never failed to bring us a letter from Godfrey, who had joined and gone ont before my return from school. When I said I was every thing to my father, I meant that it might be said to be so in onr daily life. From the moment we heard that the regiment wag ordered home, rather more than three years after it bad quitted England, we thonght and talked of nothing else. It was late in the year — in November — and my father went to Sonthampton himself to meet his eon. The journey from Fernacres was long and trouble some, and he arranged to break it in towo, sleeping at Waterloo the night before tbe steamer was expected at the docks. It was the only sensible arrange ment that conld be made, though we neither of ne liked — he to leave me or I to be left — and when I bad 6een him off from the station I drove ronnd by the rectory, and induced one of tbe girls there to return with me for the night. I had arranged and rearranged every thing in Godfrey's room over and over again, and as far as I conld, had set ont everything about the house to the best advantage. It wonld be so delightful to bear Godfrey exclaim that he had seen no place like his old home during his years of absence, and to make him feel that nowhere else in the world conld he be eo happy ! I beard the carriage goihg down tbe back drive as I put the finishing touches to my toilette. I did riot' give mnch thonght, as a role to my perioral appear ance, but I was glad _£hat, nigh tthat I was prettier than I had ever promised to be. I remember stopping for jl moment to look at my "watch, and thinking that they had not allowed themselves quite as long as nsnal to get to the station, And con gratulating myself Upon the crisphess and dryness of the roads. Twenty mutates to 'do it, and twenty to retard, and say ten to get everything together — not quite an boar more for me to wait. I filled np the time as best I could— read or work 1 could not — until I heard the sonnd of wheels once again, and then I cashed oat into the hall to find that the old bbnsekee'per had quietly, as a matter of coarse, without saying any thing to me, assembled the servants to gether to welcome the home-corning of the yonng master. A a ita Mrriaira fit-nnnad hnfnra it. t.lln door was thrown open, and I stood .upon the threshold, my arms outstretched io welcome. In welcome of whom 1 One person, and one only had stepped ont of the carriage, and was coming up the steps towards me. Coming up slowly, andiss it were reluctantly, hot as Godfrey would have done, clearing them at a bodnfij in the lightness and eager ness .of Ms heart ; not with the well- known gait of my dear father, for it was neither the one nor the other, bat a stranger to me, a' man upon whose face ' I had never looked before. My arms fell to my side, and I fell back a step -or two, with a cry of surprise and dismay. I remembered it after wards iu the first . greeting Arthur Vandeienr received in sue noose wt which he was to be made afterwards only too welcome! As I uttered it,' I felt, myself drawn gently back into the light and warmth of the hall, whilst the strange voice that belonged to the strange face bade me not be alarmed. 'I am imrainyonr father's stead, Miss Damer. . He is quite well, and sent his love to you; but be was un avoidably' prevented leaving London to-night, and he entrusted me with a message for ynu, which he preferred sending by word of month, to writing.' 'Bat Godfrey !' I exclaimed. 'Where a Godfrey t' He hesitated for a moment, then he said qoietly aud firmly : 'It was abont your brother Mr. Damer Wished .me to see yon ; bnt my errand Is to you. I cannot deliver your father's message here.' I had forgotten the servants standing around as, forgotten everything, in fact, in the - bewilderment of. the moment ; bat now-i led toe way, witn a sort oi mechanical pbe4ienc to.toe library. As he stood and faced methereinthe lull light, looking down Info my eyes with a great pity in Mb ..own, I saw that lie was in the prime of life, from five- and-ihirty to forty — eomefon years, l shonld sup pose, my father's junior-— and that he wjas BmgulariydiSiidBolhe. - 1 - ' Tell miidiQ'.lsSiHegRBijmke, tell me ! There most be something the matter, or yon would not pnt me off like this. It is not kind of you — my father never meant yon to torture me like this !' ' Heaven forbid that I should tor- tare yon !' he a&id; ; ' bat I am a bad band at breaking bad news, and it is bad news ; bnt yon will do yonr best to take it qnietly. I know yon will, for yonr father's sake. He had a great shock when he went on board this morning. Yonr brother was taken ill on the way home — witbin three days of our arrival — very seriously ill, and Mr. Damer found him in great danger — danger of his life,' be added with slow emphasis. 'I know,' I said in a hard voice, 'I know what it ie yon are trying to tell me. Godfrey ie gone, he will never come home to as any more ; and yon have come to take me to my father.' . And so indeed it was. The poor lad had fallen a prey to dysentery, and his father had just been in time to look into the dear eyes once more, before the light of life was quenched in them for ever. Jkv WOO liuuo UOIUIQ A WM <iWU-BUl|-bW«Ui>J my dear father and I were, as it were, left alone in the world together. chapter n. A great change came over my father, after the death of his son. His whole being was shaken to its foundations, and a restlessness most foreign to his dis position, took possession of bim. He conld no longer fix his thoughts and concentrate his attention as he had been in the habit of doing, and it was painful to see how mnch the effort to do so cost him. He to whom so little in the way of society or amassment had been necessary for so long, who had sufficed to himself in eo many ways, seemed now in need of constant distraction to stave off a depression which threatened to paralyse .11 i>;. I conld only do my best to make the void in his life less grievous than it would have been withont me. Bnt there were so many ways in which I conld not take Godfrey's place. For one thing, the estates were entailed. I had never given a thonght to it — how should 1 1 — nor had my father himself, daring the lad's lifetime. I never sus pected how stroDg was his pride of family, and how his heart was bonnd up in those old acres of oars, until he fonnd himself confronted with the possibility of their passing away from his own flesh and blood. ' To think that when I am dead and gone, there will be no one left in tbe old place bnt strangers, no home for my child to retnrn to, if ever she finds the world withont cold to her ! No one to hand down the old name and the old traditions ! Yon will eay it ie all vanity and vexation of spirit, bnt It chills me to think ot it.' It was not to me, bat to Major Van deienr, the speech was made ; bnt I overheard it, and it gave me the cine to the chief source of my father's refusal to be comforted. 'Yes, I know it is hard,' was all Vandeienr said. He was staying with ns at the time, having come home from India Invalided, in the same vessel with poor Godfrey, to whom he had shown the devotion of an elder brother in the last days of his life. The passion of gratitude in my father's heart may be easily imagined, and it was enhanced by the prompt and gracious acceptance of an invitation, which had been proffered with natural misgiving as w iva icvoiiuu. uiu muwa leei that it was adding obligation to obliga tion to come to a house desolated like our4- ... .. Me was a charming guest and com panion, ..and .did ..mnch to cheer as np. My father delighted in him, and we both felt an interest in him, which sur passed mere cariosity. We should have liked to know more than he cared to tell about himself and his belongings. He was not a rich map ; about that he made no sort of mystery, and he was alone in the world — far poorer than either of as, as he sometimes said, for we had each other, and he had nobody. It was a dark day at Fernacres when he went away, and its master missed him in a manner which, had I been less uneasy, wonld have made me a little jealous. But people were beginning to talk abont the way in which. Mr. Darner's trouble was telling npon -bim, and I began to feel the responsibility that was laid upon me grow very Heavy. He woold not allow that he was ill, bnt uc noo lUBiug ucou vciuip mjf cj cfl) auu he wandered abont the place like a rest less spirit. One.. of the persons who startled me by their comments npon his appearance, added to it a piece of practical advice : ' Why don't yon induce him to shut the place np for a few months, and take yon somewhere Sonth — to the Riviera, for example !' said Lidy Lorimer. I did induce him to do as she sug gested, and early, in February we were comfortably established in one of the first hotels in Nlea". . The beautiful climate, the. complete change of life, tberiovelty and variety of everything around us, had the desired effect. My father, taken ont of himself and ronBed to a certain animation, shook off in 'a great measure the depression wbicn naa fastened. npon mm. Aiiiue by little, he began to respond to snch ad vances as were made to him, and made friends with some of the English colony, which had, even in those days, waxed considerable. Amongst them was a family of the name of Fraser, with whom lived, in the two-fold capacity of gover ness and companion, a certain Miss Dalrymple. What can I say that will give any one, never having seen her, an approxi mate idea of the subtle, indefinable charm, that made Janet Dalrymple more attractive than many a beautiful woman ? Fnr she was not beautiful : thongh graceful she certainly was above most people. She conld not otherwise have carried off her height so as to acquire an air of distinction from it, winch she did. I don't know what there was in the small, colourless face, with its anreole of reddish-anbarn hair, its grey eyes, and fair lashes, to challenge attention and not (infrequently admiration, unless it were a certain calmneBS of expression that characterised it It. was, I think, more in her voice, than in anything else abont: her, that the secret of herfascin- atiori lay. It was so soft and sweet, with a caressing tone in it, which seemed to take one into her heart and confidence at once. I admired her greatly, and admiration was not confined !to -ma. My father, to whom there is no donbt the possibility of re-marrying and securing tbe estates in the direct line, had, suggested itself after tbe death of Godfrey, proposed to Miss Dalrymple, and was accepted by her before we left Nice. She received bis addresses and con ducted berself throughout with the greatest tact and delicacy. His wealth, and the position to which it would be in his power to raise her seemed scarcely to effect her at all. That he should have loved her enough to eingle her out from amongst other women to share them, seemed to be tbe one thing she allowed herself to dwell upon. She told my father all about herself which was not mnch. There had been a good home, and an ignorance as to ways and means, which was bliss whilst it lasted, as long as the Rev. Mr. Dalrymple lived. When he died, the slender provision that was left to his widow did no more tban keep her from want, daring the brief period for which she survived him, and then Janet and her sister had to shift for themselves. The latter had already been uimitou iiwu jrwiB vt ucu Mic inueia urox bad the good fortune, as tbey deemed it, of meeting with Janet ; and Mrs. Daintree and her husband were present at the wedding, which took place almost immediately npon onr return to Eng land. The ' county was taken by snrprise.- Feople had thought it likely enongh that my father wonld seek some snch eolation of the difficulty presented to bim afcer a time ; bnt they had not contemplated hie making np his mind so quickly, nor, I think, were they altogether well pleased at his having gone so far in search of a wife. They greeted the new Mrs. Damer civilly enongh ; it would have been hard to snob her in any society, and, after all, she was an im- orovement udod me. if onlv in that she seemed less averse to society. She showed, indeed, a decided in clination for it, and her hnsband, disposed to indulge her in every way, pnt no obstacle in the way of her entertaining and bring entertained after a fashion long ont of date at Fernacres. She appeared so perfectly happy and contented, that it was a pleasure to him only to feel that he had pnt her in tbe possession of so much enjoymeut. But he could not shake off so completely tbe habits of a life- time as to enter with any real zest into tbe more public part of her life. She and I went abont a great deal withont him ; and though I would rather half my time have been with my father in his stndy, I compre hended that the time for all that was over for both of as. Janet made no pretence of caring for learning or lore of any sort ; she had had too mnch teach ing, she nsed to eay laughing ; bnt she never interfered with her husband's pnr- suit of it Whatever he did was right, and it never occurred to him that, had she felt any real want of his companion ship, she would have been more jealons ofhis books. They had beeu man and wife little more than a year when my father's hopes were dashed by the birth of a daughter. His wife, too, was greatly disappointed, and nobody cared or troubled mnch abont the baby but myself To Janet, when once Bhe was abont again, it was more of a tie than a pleasure, and my father took little notice of it. To me it was a new nucleus of affection, and one I was in need of ; for I had lost the first place in my father's heart, and I was filriwlv ttirmoh Rriretv becoming alienated from his wife. One thing, she had already done : she had made Fernacres as popnlar as it had been in my mother's lifetime. It was Mrs. Darner's pleasure to briog yonng people together ; so she used to say with a pretty matronly air, aud as the yonng people did not object, we generally bad a houBe-fulL I was amongst the objects of her solicitude iu tbe beginning, bnt I was too impracticable for her, aod she had give me np in despair, when, with Lady Lorimer's party from Claverton Manor, there chauce to come to one of our garden-parties a certain Gerald Guildford, barrister-at-law. He was the life and sonl of the enter tainment that day, and of all the parties in tbe neighbourhood for many a day to come. Neither io his profession nor in anything else was he mnch in earnest in those days ; he was overflowing with life and spirits, and as fall of enjoyment as a child. Everybody langhed at him, and with him, and his handsome face was welcome wherever he went. Whether it was that my shyness and coldness piqued him, and made him resolve to overcome it, or how it was, I know not ; but whilst everybody else ran after bim, with the perversity of human nature he ran after me. But I wonld not have anything to say to him, and I told him so, until he set to work at his profession, and showed that there was something in him. If I were worth tbe working and waiting for, well and good. I let him speak to my father, because I would have no secret from him, bat I wonld not call itmyBelf, nor allow bim to regard it, as an engage ment binding upon either of ns. I was very fond of him, bnt I had made np my mind that I mast be more than very fond — that I most be prond of the man I umitlcu. uu — J chambers in town, to set his shoulder to the wheel in earnest, and I stayed on at home, happier in the proBpect that lay before nae than I wonld acknowledge even to myself. CHAJPTER HE Major Vandeienr had not had occasion to return to India on the expiration of his sick leave, his regiment having been ordered home io the meantime ; but my father had been married more than two years before his visit was repeated. He found a very different honee to that which he had left, and he congratulated its master with great warmth npon the step he had taken. From the first his admiration of my stepmother was of the frankest description, and she on her side pronounced him delightfal. He was at Fernacres more than a month, and went away more decidedly a Mend of the family than ever. That was in the antumn, the third year after onr return from Nice ; in the following spring we heard with some surprise that' he had carried ont what we had thonght would prove to be an idle threat of retiring' from the service and was coming for the benefit ef sea air to 1 Claverton, three miles from us. If it be'.sea air he wants, we can't give him that here,' my father said when he rs$d the letter;' bat the house ie open to him whenever he likes to come, and I shall write and foil Mm so.' 'I don't think I would, if I were yon,' Janet eaid quickly. ' Yon know best of coarse ; bnt there will be nobody else here jast yet, and I should think it wonld be better if he were to come and go like anybody else in the neighbour hood.' Just as you like, my dear. I thought he was too great a favourite to be io anybody's way, and Claverton always seems to me the end of the world ; but no doubt you know what will be beBt for all of us,' my father replied, with a surprise not nntineed by annoyance. ' If we dou't ask him, tbe Lorimers will, ten to one, when they find him putting up at the Marine.' Janet made no answer. She looked pale and pnt out, and all that day she was unusually silent. I noticed it at the time, and wondered at it, bat it was not until long after I understood the meaning of it, and gave her credit for at least one effort in the right direction. The Major did not accept the Lorimer hospitality, if it was offered him ; bnt he did come and go to I! ernacree -scarcely less constantly tban a son of the boose might have been expected to do. He was a good deal with my father, who was as fond of him as ever, and I, as well as my stepmother, saw enough of bim to learn to take his frequent appear ances as a matter of coarse. Bnt I never thonght of. connecting them any more with Janet than with myself, nntil one evening I fonnd her Bitting in bondoir from which he had issued only a few minutes previously, crying bitteriy. W bat he had said to her 80 to move her, or indeed that it was anything that had been said, ehe would not acknowledge ; bat for the first time a feeling of distrust sprang np within me. I began to watch Janet — I do not mean in her comings ouu rmlugb— uuh iu uu uiwuud) hum vu.q watching did not make me happier. She was less sweet and even-tempered than she had faeeD, and seemed to care less abont anything. With the child she was strangely capricious, .sometimes making so mnch of it, and after each a fashion as wonld have led one to suppose it neglected in her estimation by everybody else, sometimes and more frequently leaving it almost unnoticed for days together. Nor was she what ehe had been in ber manner to my father —not that she was ever nngracioos to anyone, mnch less to him ; bnt the warmth seemed to have gone ont of it, and I fancied he was aware of it, though he was possibly too prond to Bay any thing. In the meantime I was quite happy on my own account Gerald's letters were fall of belief in himself and devotion to me, and the troe love seemed for once likely enough to run smooth. We bad opportnnites too of meeting, though Gerald's running down often to Claverton would not have been compatible with the hard work I so iaexorably demanded of him, and wonld moreover, have given more publicity tban I cared for the relations between ub. I always believed Major Vandeleur was in tbe secret, and so I suspect were a good many others, bnt I escaped little speeches and innuendoes as a pleasantor girl would not have done. The snmmer came and went, and Major Yandelear still stayed on at Claverton, only he bad given up his rooms at the hotel and gone into lodgings. Things at Fernacres, if they got no worse, did not improve. Both master and mistress seemed ont of spirits, and the little girl was not thriving. Early in autumn she died, and nothing could have shown mere plainly the gradual estrange ment that bad taken place between them tban the way in which Janet, in whom the loss of the child bad apparently awakened at last something like a motherly instinct, refused to be comforted by its father. ' You never cared for her,' she cried passionately once — and there was enough truth in the shaft to send it home. She would have as little of my sympathy as of my father's, and it was by berself and at her own suggestion she went np to town in her first deep mouring, to stay with her sister. It was then — io her absence — I discovered with something like a shock — half disappointment, half surprise — how completely her hasband'e heart, in spite of the coldness of manner her own latterly had evoked, was bound np in ber. What was it that seemed to prevent him from showing her half he felt for her wheo she came back ? Was it taat hue eeeuteu uanwu bu vuuicu throngh, that the very toach of her lips froze the tender words npon his ! Major Vandeienr had been to and fro as nsnal daring ber absence ; bnt be had began to talk of going South for the winter, and I was glad of it Janet said little or nothing, and she bad appeared to me of late to avoid the Major. The only one of the three of as who expressed any regret, when the time really came, was my father. It was early in November when he took his departure, and about a foroight later my father had occasion to go, on business connected with one of bis farms there abouts, to Cranford, a country town some twelve miles from ns at Fernacres. He bad spoken of the necessity of goiogsome dava nrevionslv : bnt it was not nntil the day before we were told he had arranged for the Thursday, and I was struck by tbe startled look in Janet's face when it was mentioned. As usual, when we went upon any of these expeditioos, he had ins breakfast early by himself, and I, though I was down in time to see him off, waited for my stepmother. She was late in making her appearance, and when she did make it, ehe was in her walking dress and had her bonnet on. Which surprised and dismayed me most — the sight of the bonnet or the wan, worried expression of the face beneath it, I can not say. WD at can oe cne matter J l exclaim ed. ' Where are yon going ? Yon look like a ghost' 'So would yon, I expect,' she replied, if yon had slept as badly. Bat I have no time to think abont myself. I have had a telegram from Ratbieen. She Is in a difficulty of some soft, and wants me to go np immediately.' 'I am sorry/ I said ; 'and jast the very day when papa is not here to take yon himself,' I should be in yonr way, I suppose ; or perhaps yon wonld rather Brenoan went with yon anyhow f ' I am not going to take Brennan, she returned curtly. ' l am qnite jcapable of taking cue of myself ; and as to your coming, my dear Vioktralthooghitia very .good of yon tostiggIVFdo'riot imagine they would thank me for taking anybody to the house if they are In trouble.' 'Bnt yon cannot travel alone after dusk, and yon will scarcely get back before,' I ventured to suggest. ' I shall certainly not come back after,' she retorted with a cold little laugb. ' Matters will scarcely be so bad but that they can give me a bed.' That matters had not been at their best lately at Mr. Daintree's I knew well enough, my father having come to the rescue, and that not for the first time since bis marriage ; the puzzling part of it to my mind, and tbat I conld not express, was of what possible use Janet could be, if tbe trouble really were of this nature, without the assistance ef her hnsband. The brougham had been ordered, however, and was at tbe door before we had finished breakfast. I noticed, as she stepped into it, that ebe had taken the precaution of providing herself with a valise large enough to con- tun a change of things, and asked her once again what we were to do abont aenuuig so meet ner. w e were to wut for a telegram, she said. So ehe drove away by herself and I Kent back with a etrange feeling of sudden desolation into tbe deserted house. The door of the study was open, and I weDt listlessly in, as to the first place that offered. The table was Btrewn with books, but the desk, at which my father wrote hie letters and transacted his busi ness generally, was, as nBnal, a model of neatness. Hie morning's correspoodenee had been disposed of, according to his in variable enstom, even when, as on the present occasion, it involved his rising an hour or so earlier than nsnal, aod any thing the post had brought had already fonnd its way either into its appropriate pigeon-hole or into the waste-paper has- ket. -One lAfctar. nemrthfilfiBfl Iu thara awaiting him — a letter from hie wife. My first impulse was to wonder why 8he had not left her message, whether written or verbal, for me to deliver to him ; my second to wonder still more at the balk of it, for it was quite a thick letter. And then, suddenly, a dreadful fear took hold of me. Her disturbed appear ance — the vagueness of which Bbe had told me — her refusal to be accompanied — all rushed back npon my miod, and seemed to point the same way. She bad so wearied of us that she had left ns — and yet no! She conld not — it was wicked of me to think it of her even for a moment — she conld not have done this thiog by my father ! How conld I dare to entertain the thought of it I Why, it would break bis heart, it would kill him ! And I had been base enongh to suppose that she, his wife, conld be gnilty of it ! And yet the mere sight of the letter seemed to sicken me. I went out of the room, away from it, and upstairs. In the corridors leading to the bedrooms I felt my skirts carrying something along with them, and stooped to pick it np. It was a piece of pink paper, crumpled np into a ball. At no other moment should I have given it a second thonght; under no other circumstances should I have done what I did. To begin with, I should not have taken it, with that sudden flash of con viction, for what it was — to go on with, I should not have considered it any busi ness of mine to enquire into its contents. Bnt as it was, I smoothed the paper ont, and read what was written upon it. It was the telegram Janet had reoeived that morning. It ran thus : ' From Arthnr, Charing Cross, to Mrs: Damer, Fernacres, Bedford. — Just re ceived. Meeting at terminus inexpedi ent. Come direct to hotel and await me there.' As I stood there, like one petrified, I was startled back into life, as it were, by the voice of Janet'e maid, close behind me. ' If you please, Miss Damer, yon are not to be frightened, for there is not mnch the matter ; bnt the master met with a slight accident at the station. He slipped and fell getting into the car riage, and as they were bringing him home tbey met the brougham with Mrs. Damer in it goiog to the train, and ehe sent me word by Dr. Walters to come and tell yon at once.' I did not stop to ask the woman where her mistress was or how ; my first, for tbe moment my only thonght was for my father, whom they had already carried into the stndy, and laid npon hie own eofa. Mr relief at hearing the little low langh, which was ever with bim the Barest sign of pleasure, was almost too mnch for me, and I fell back before he had so mnch as seen that I was there, laugh ing half hysterically myself. He neither saw nor heeded me ; for the time being he had eyes and ears for one person only — the woman who was kneeling at his side, with a face on which the smiles and tears seemed to be succeeding each other in true April fashion. ' I tell yon it is nothing,' he said. ' It is nothiog bnt a sprain, Walters says so — don't yon, doctor 1 Aod it is worth all the pain to be made eo mnch of on the strength of it,' be added, with the happi est ring in his voice I bad heard there for I knsw not how long. And then he remembered me. « Wfiara'a Vinlef. f1 hfl fluid 1 HfiR aflv- body told Violet f And as he spoke, Janet rose to her feet and made way for me. Her lips were qnivering, and there was an inde scribable blending of pain and pleaenre in the expression of ber whole face. In that of mine there was something that Mghtened her. .1 conld aee it in her change of countenance, and in her sudden shrinking away from me. I was a bad band at disguiBe of any sort, and the passion of pity for my father and indig nation against her that possessed me at that moment, I conld have found no words strong enough to express. What he had said about bimseit tne doctor, who had accompanied him home, corroborated. There was really nothing the matter that rest and quiet would not Bet to rights. Janet and I - might make ourselves quite easy. What little there was to be done would not take ten minutes, and the spraio wonld require no great skill in its after-treatment than the old . valet, who had been with my father ever .since I conld remember, wonld-be safe to bestow npon it. So far 80 good, aa fer as the hnsband was concerned ; bnt wbatofthe wife f What was I to do with Janet? What was it that had brought her back ? If, as I suspected, ehe had simply, yielded to the eheer -terrer of the moment, and all but .impossibility of leaving her hus band. under such circumstances, what guarantee was t litre of her permanent retnrn .to the duty ehe had been on tbe point of discarding 1 Who conld say whether tbe tears, of which there had been so copious a shedding, were tears of genuine repentance, or merely the natural, involuntary outcome of mingled fear and excitement 1 only one thing was clear to my mind. At any cost and by what means soever, my father must be spared the sorrow arid disgrace which had eo nearly fallen upon him — spared so mnch aa the knowledge of bis narrow escape of them. I cannot recall now the words in which I broke to her my knowledge of her plans. I know I showed her the telegram and the letter, which last I bad possessed myself of whilst my father was yet lavishing bis endearments upon the writer, and that I alternately coaxed and threatened, entreated and stormed, at her with a vehemence as surprising to myself, when I come to look back upon it, ae it most have been to to her. I don't thiok tbat anything I may have Biuu iu tier maae any ainerence ; l tninK my father had done for himself what I conld never have done for him, and Bhe loathed and despised her own weakness more than I conld loathe or despise it in her ; bnt- I did not wait to listen to her, nntil 1 had had my own say ont-. ' Yon are qaite sure,' ehe said then, ' quite eure that you know his heart, and that he does love me, does want me, thongh I have brought him nothing bnt disappointment I It is not only the family pride yon are thinking and the family name f It is not for his old name nor hia broad acres I married bim,' ehe cried passionately, 'bnt for himself! Aod then to think that he kad but tbe one object, the one hope in marrying me ! Oh, Violet, it was too much for anv woman to hoar I1 Arthnr Vandeienr had played only too 8kilfnlly and unscrupulously the part to which his infatuation had committed him. As first and favonrite amongst my father's friends, it had seemed so natural that be should be made the confidante of hie real feelings ; and Janet herself morbidly sensitive on the score of the one thing wearing in ber married life, had been all too ready to listen and believe. Would it not be better for everybody, her husband in cluded, that she should, by her own act, set him at liberty from a yoke which had become burdensome to him ? How completely the man must have dominated her before he brought her for one moment to regard things in this light, and how miserable a life she mast have been leading for long past — it was terrible to think 1 To this day I am at a loss to nnderstand the precise nature of his influence over her, that he had a passion for her there is no donbt — a passioD, of which he was as mnch the slave as she was hiB — bnt the mysterious power, by which she was drawn towards him, seemed to have in it far more of fear than of love. It was not that. She loved him, she was fascinated by him, and she knew eo well herself how it was with her, that her one wild appeal to me now, waa to keep him away from her. ' I never want to see him again,' she cried, 1 never, never 1 Bat what am I to do ? There is nothing be may not do in his rage and disappointment when he finds I have failed him. Ob, Violet, Violet !' ehe burst forth sobbing, ' I am the most miserable woman in the world, and I might have been eo happy ! I was eo happy, in spite of it all, when I saw my fears had misled me, and that yonr father was not lost — not lost either to life or to me. I forgot everything else in the joy of that ; but now, when I come to think ' 'It is of no use thinking,' I said harshly — almost cruelly — for I conld not forgive her for the weakness which had been so near wrecking my father's life. ' What has to be done is to act Major Vandeleur expected to keep yon waiting for him. He mast not mind waiting for yon instead. There is still time to catch the next train, and there is a long enongh delay at Swindon to send a tele gram thence, which will ensure his ex pecting yon by it. But there is no time to be lost' For a moment she stood and stared at me, with an expression I shall never for get, in the horror and incredulity gather ing on her face. Then she spoke quite calmly. ' Never !' she said. ' Not if I am driven to take all my sorrow and my shame to my hnsband's feet, and lay them there, for him to epnrn them and me, if so be he cannot find it in his heart to forgive me — not if you drive me to that !' ' Janet,' I said qnitely ; ' yon don't nnderstand — yon have not heard me ont. It is not yon whom Major Vandeienr will have the pleasure of receiving this afternoon, but me.' It was thus tbat I was led to take the etep, which was fated to, change -the whole aspect of my life. I saved Janet from the consequences of her folly, and my dear father from the knowledge of if, for my meeting with Arthnr Vandeienr that day was the last that ever took place between him and any of as ; bnt I paid very dearly for it. Wa were Btiniliir— our- interview over — on the steps of the Charing Cross Hotel, waiting for the cab which had jast been hailed to convey me to the Great Western, when a hand was laid on my ahonlder and turning round I fonnd myself face to face with my lover's nearest relative and gaardiaB, Sir John Lorimer, his comely countenance wearing an aspect so unwonted, and hb eyes searching my face after eo strange a fashion, that I felt my heart sink -within me as I met them. I find I have not been misinformed,' he eaid, thongh I was very unwilling to believe that the lady of whom Major Vandeienr was in charge was vioist Damer. Bnt as it is eo, he will, I trust, excuse me for claiming the privilege ot an older man and an older friend, and taking yon nnder my protection.' Vandeienr was quite equal to the occasion. My meeting with Miss Damer was nnmlo ftRT.idflntal. Sir John.' he eaid stiffly, 'and ehe had jast refused my escort. It, ae I suppose, yon are goiog home to-night, nothing conld have happened more fortunately for her. He raised hie hat, and was abont to move away, when the old -gentleman, obedient to what appeared to be an Irresistible impinge, called him back. ' I did not mean to say anything to yon abont It, he Baid. 'It is no busi ness of mine, but perhaps it may save future pain and trouble in other quarters, if I tell you at once that I dined last night at Mrs. Bentick'e, and was made acquainted with yonr connection with that family.' The other gave a slight start ' I am not aware tbat I ever denied it, he replied haughtily ; ' that I do not take either pride or pleasure enough in it to publish it, must, I should think, be self-evident to anyone.' Sir John looked at him bard. '-O ie word,' he eaid. ' I may be do ing yon an injustice. To me aud mine you owed uo particular confidence. Is or is not Mr. Damer aware of what was told me last night ¥ 'Well really, Sir John," Vaudeleur began with a short laugb. ' I see,' the old man broke in quickly, as he stepped into the cab after me, ' he is not. Good-day to you, sir.' I was shivering as I sat, foreseeing the explanation which would be required of me, and which I should be ouable to give ; but I plucked up conrage to ask my companion wan u. was, mo m«w- ledge of wbich bad been withheld from my father. He hesitated before he answered me ; then he eaid briefly : I won't pay you the bad compliment of supposing tbat you can be affected one way or the other by tbe hearing of it ; bat yonr friend Vandeienr has been sailing under fake colours from the beginning. There is a Mrs. Vandeleur — the poor thing went ont of her mind ten years ago, and she has been in an asylum ever since. One would have nothing to say sgauiBt him on that account, Heaven knows— odb conld only pity bim — but he bad no right to deceive people as to hie real position. And in your case ' He pansed, and leaning suddenly for ward, took both my hands in his and t.fiAm fiord. ' My dear,' he said, ' 1 don't want to be hard, on you. I have girls of my own, and I don't expect old heads on youog shonlders. You have been very silly, very indiscreet, it is no good denying it. You were seen to come into tbe hotel, and as to what was told me just now about your having just met by accident, I would not take that fellow's word npon oath. I am not going to him for an explanation ; but all the same, as Gerald's father, or as good as his father, for he has had no one else to look to since he left college, I have a right to one, and I must have it. 1 want to know what you were doing np in town by yourself to-day, and what chance — for chaDce it must have been — put you in the position in wbich I fonnd you ?' It was impossible for me to tell bim ; to do so would have been to put not not merely my father's wife but my father's honour at hie mercy ; aud I was too proud to plead for my own happiness as T might have done, or as others, cRverer tban I, might have done in my stead. And then, I was eo mortally afraid of his telling my father how, and with whom, he had fonnd me, at tbe very time when I was supposed to be making np to Mrs. Daintreee for her sister's non-appearance. ' 1 am grieved to my heart,' Sir John eaid at last, ' that there should he any mystery where my old friend Darner's daughter is concerned — that is had enough — but I am resolved there shall be none in the case of my boy's wife. If I am to hold my tongue as to what has taken place to-day, it is npon one con dition only. You ma; put it how you like — npon any pretext you choose — but there must be an end to the engagement between yon. Where there is nothing to be ashamed of, there cau be no need of concealment' Nobody who bad read that cold, abrupt little letter, would have guesBed what it cost me to write it I had changed my mind. I had been mis taken in my own feelings. 1 had not, and never should have any wish to marry. Never mind what he wrote back to me. The words burned them selves into my brain, and made me feel as thongh in saving one life, as it were, I had sacrificed another ; but as the time went on, drawing my dear father and his wife nearer to one another, and to me, bringing with it at last the Bon so long and so earnestly looked for — in the face of all this, I say, I lived down the pain. And God was good to me. For when after ten years, Janet and I were left alone with the little heir of Fernacres, the first obb ehe made of her liberty — - if I may so speak of what was so true a widowhood — was to tell whom it most concerned, the trne story of that strange day's work. Had he ever shown any disposition to console himself elsewhere, it would have been another thing ; but as for methere had been but one man, so for bim there had been but one woman in the world ! 