PANTOMIME. Not the least delightful of Mr. Boundabout's delightful "papers" is that entitled "Round about the Christmas Tree," wherein the writer gossips in his own inimitable fashion about pantomime. You will find it in any of the numerous editions of Mr. Thackeray's works, or in the third volume of the Cornhill Magazine (Humberston of the sortes), embellished with one of those happy little vignettes which the author used to delight to attach to his chapters, and which ought always to be reproduced with the text in his more serious efforts at illustrating his own writings in the full-page illustrations Mr. Thackeray, though always interesting, and sometimes full of humour, was not infrequently amateurish and somewhat awkward, but many of the little initial pieces scattered " throughout his books are perfect in their way, full of fancy and fable, wise drollery, and quaint suggestion. The headpiece to " Round about the Christmas Tree" represents Mr. Roundabout standing up at the back of the pit, and at his side a small boy, Bobby Miseltow, and all you can see of the stage and the performance is a i twinkling glimpse of Hessian boots and gauzy | skirts. Seeing thus only Mr. Roundabout's back, you, nevertheless, easily understand that it is Mr. Thackeray himself who is here indicated. The tall, broad-backed, high-shouldered figure, and the wavy grey hair, have been made familiar to us by various hands and by the author's own pencil in many a half humourous presentment e, Mr. Roundabout tells us that he hopes never to forego reading the " delicious sheet of the Times " that appears on the morning after Boxing Night, the opening night of the London pantomimes. The best way, he thinks, to thoroughly enjoy it is to pretend you are not well, to have the paper brought to you, and to be a couple of hours longer in bed to read it " all the way down from Drury Lane to the Britannia in Hoxton." Then he describes how he and young Bobby Misol tow visit the pantomime. They go to the Theatre on Fancy one night, and to the Fairy Palace on another. At one house they witness " Har- require Hamlet, or Uncle's Ghost and Nunky's Prison," and at the other " Harlequin Conqueror and the Field of Hastings." In describing the first of these Mr. Roundabout gives a highly diverting burlesque report of a Christmas pantomime, not perhaps the performance which he and Bob Miseltow actually witnessed ; but, as he says, " one description will do as well as another. The plots, you see, are a little intricate and difficult to understand in pantomimes, and I may have mixed up one with another." Can anyone ever forgot his first pantomime ? My first introduction to a theatre was to witness a circus performance; but I was so young at the time that my recollections of the entertainment are of the vaguest kind. A memory of a peculiar mingled smell of sawdust and orange peel prevails over every other, and I have never since been able to disassociate either of the two odours from equestrian performances. But of my first pantomime I retain a vivid remembrance. I still recall the absorbing interest with which I perused the long playbill between the bites of buttered toast at tea and the awe which thrilled me as I spelled out the names of the giants, among the rest one Hurlohumbo sanguinary (that is the very name). Very little tea did I care for that evening, even buttered toast losing - its charm, and a full hour before the time for starting I was ready dressed and fidgetting to be off with my friends. Of all sights which young folks usually enjoy the interior of a theatres Surely the most mysteriously interesting. What so mystery as that broad black sea of green baize ? For me it was nothing less than the border country which divided the everydays, go-to school world from the enchanted _ realms of fairyland and random. I watched with breathless expectation, tempered with a feeling of almost reverence, overy tremulous stir in that bit of baize, the random' lights gleaming through it, and, lastly, its slow and inexplicable ascent into the infinite unknown upper regions. After a boy has been in a theatre half a dozen times or so, the fascination which everything pertaining to the stage exercises over a youthful mind averagely susceptible to such illusions begins to wear away a little ; still, a child retains a delight in pantomime for a long time. It is not until a lad begins to wear a gold scarf-pin, and to be difficult about his collars, that he harbours suspicions about the genuineness of the princess's lovely tresses and columbine pearl and rose complexion. With most boys who occasionally visit a theatre, their first love is a stage hotorine. Up to quite a mature age the writer cherished a very chivalrous affection for the Princes Pukherriraa, who, as every- body knows, is carried off by the wicked magician, and is rescued by the young prince in the famous pantomime of "Harlequin King Golden Pippin, and the Genii of the enchanted Apple Pie." It must have been when I was a little way on in my teens that I first began to go to pantomimes alone, that is, without the company of any grown-up guardian. A companion I always had in the person of a school chum. Theatre-going by one's self is at best rather dreary work for a boy, and hardly less so for a man. Ned and I always reserved a portion of the money which came to us in divers small sums from thoughtful friends at the Christmastide for our theatre expends. As we were both rather old fashioned and quiet-going youngsters-not prone to courting needless mischief, and very well able to take care of ourselves we seldom had any difficulty in obtain- ing our relatives' permission to visit the theatre once or twice during the holidays. show infinitely greater fun it was taking our places in the pit than sitting up in the dress circle in our best clothes, with the necessity always upon us of maintaining a certain degree, at least, of self-restraint and preciseness of deportment ! Now we could be as free and informal as we pleased, observing always to do nothing to annoy our neigh- bours could speak our every thought to each other, and exercise our right of passing private judgment on the performance, without the fear of saying anything that might appear crude and juvenile In the eyes of our elders. Then how much more satisfactory it was to purchase one's apples and lemonade oneself, and discuss them openly and at leisure, like the good people around us, than to be supplied from the paternal or avuncular pocket with jujubes and lemon drops, which had to be consumed more or less surreptitiously, conveyed to one's mouth in one's handkerchief, while you try to look innocent the while, like the dear old ladies who take peppermints to church. Ned and I enjoyed another advantage in going by ourselves to the theatre. When we were taken by our elders, in company perhaps with a number of other boys and girls, some of them younger than ourselves, juvenile nights " were often chosen-nights when the performance was curtailed to suit the age of the audience. Now, if there was anything that Ned and I rebelled against it was these juvenile nights. We set our faces resolutely against them whenever it was possible. We relished the melodrama which usually preceded the pantomime at the theatre which we chiefly patronised at least as much as the pantomime itself, and were not disposed to have a lot of the full programme. We became unconsciously knowing and critical, both in melodrama and pantomime. Not that we were ever anything but enthusiastic in our commendations ; but still, we distinctly resented any deteriora- tion in acting, scenery, or dresses from the standard which we had agreed between us that our theatre should maintain. Moreover, we often read the book of the play beforehand, and were as jealous of any liberty or trifling with the letterpress as might be a commentator with the text of Sophocles or -Aeschylus. Those melodramas were of the fine old sort, gone out of fashion almost altogether now giving place to the modern sensation plays-a dubious change. There were the " Green Bushes," and the " Flying Dutchman," and the " Willow Copse." The famous "Miller and his Men" (one of the very earliest of melodramas I imagine) was before the writer's time, and all I can remember of that old-time play is that it was always one that was supplied us for acting in the little toy theatres that were so full of delightful suggestion and realism for the boys of the past generation. It is a long time since I have seen the " penny plain and twopence coloured " in the print Fullers' windows picturesque presentments of kings and queens, bandits, pirates, and smugglers, most lifelike and thrilling 1 I suppose boys nowadays are much too knowing to be beguiled by those pasteboard histories. A very favourite drama with Ned and my self at that time was the " Octoroon," one of the best of Mr. Dion Boucicault's early plays, and still to be sometimes witnessed. Twenty years ago it was a piece to conjure with, and to be sure there are few things bore exciting to be seen on the stage even now than the Indian's ' pursuit of Jacob McClosky through the cane brake. Mr, i Joseph! Jefferson used to play the leading role to perfection in those days, before he went to London, and so took the town by storm with '.' Rip Van Winkle," that he ceased to play any other part Twenty years a'go.too-it looks like yesterday-Celeste was in Sydney, the queen of music-' drama, who did not leave her successor. Who can forgot the vivid, picturesque, clever French lady, who, coming to us quite an old woman, yet fairly startled us by her reeve, intensity, and dramatic colour, by her extraordinary pantomimic power, her masculine breadth, and her feminine lightness. her Mimi' in the " Green 'Bushes " stands out in one's memory, high above the innumerable stage creations one has witnessed since. Perhaps a boy's enthusiasm idealised Madame Celeste performances, but making a liberal discount for this, the estimate may stand pretty much as I have written it. Ned and I were especially fond of the nautical plays. There was something indescribably suggestive and thrilling in the stage representation of the quarterdeck of a man-of-war in a storm, or during the pursuit of a pirate, where the latter was seen in distance against a lurid sunset, her black, wicked-looking hull and raking masts disappearing below the sky-line. The Flying Dutchman exercised over us a weird fascination. We had both read Captain Marryat's eerie " Phantom Ship," and were conversant with the history of the old Dutch skipper Vanderdecken. I don't know which we found the most blood-curdling the novel or the drama ; but I remember that when the curtain fell on the latter, our suspense and excitement had realised an almost painful pitch, and the opening of the pantomime brought us positive relief. Yet would we not have foregone one jot of the breathless interest which the play alike. My admiration for the lady who performed the part of the Princess Pulcherrima, and other like characters in. fairy extravaganza, was quite equalled by that of Fred. Yet was there no feeling of jealousy in our hearts. Perhaps the sense of the insuperable distance between us and the object of our regard, and the very vague probability of our attachment ever leading to anything practical, precluded this. Had such not been the case, with so deep and chivalrous a sentiment had the young lady in question animated our hearts, I fear there might have been a serious rupture between us. As it' was, all our feelings of envy and jealousy were expended upon the Prince in the extravaganza, who, after so many perils and vicissitudes of fortune, at last secured Puloherrima's lovely hand. It was perhaps well for our peace of mind that no one tried to dis- illusion u. of several of our cherished fancies, by suggestions for instance, as to how much older Palestrina might be than Nod or myself, though I think our faith was sufficiently strong to have enabled us to repel all such insinuations with scorn. Years after I heard by chance a little of Pulchurrima's private history, and learned that she was at that time on honest, matter-of-fact hard-working girl, whoBO professional labours helped a widowed mother to feed and clothe a posse of younger brothers and sisters. From these Olympian stage banquets, at which the bright wine was quaffed from silver cups, Pulchorrina betook herself to nip with her mother, who kept a small harbor dashory depot in a humble street, upon stowed tripe and bottled stout When I was informed of the latter proceeding, it only struck me as a very rational, and, probably, very necessary proceeding on the Princess's part -stage banquets being, I am given to understand, of a somewhat Barmeoido character, but I wonder what would have been the feelings of Nod and myself had such a thing been suggested as possible. Pantomimes have changed somewhat since the days of which I am writing. The opening " are more gorgeous more elaborate altogether more wonderful offsprings of the artist's and the mechanist's craft; but I question if they are so, well written, or so amusing as they used to be. In the days when Plancha wrote extravaganzas, there used to be something like a story and plot in the pantomimes, and it was possible, notwithstanding Mr. Thackeray's verdict, quoted just now, to follow the fortunes of Prince Goldilocks and the Princes Pulcherrima, from the first scene to the transformation, with some sense of connection and dramatic unity. But now-a-days a pantomime opening is a strange and formless jumble of anything and everything except pantomime proper ; a meaningless medley of music-hall ditties and music hall humour, mechanical marvels, nigger minstrelsy, acrobatism a huge chaotic undigested mass, in which it is vain to seek for any trace of the familiar fairy- tale on which the extravaganza is ostensibly based. At the famous Drury Lane pantomimes I have witnessed performances which, marvellous and beautiful as in many ways they were, filled me with wonder as to how they were regarded by the young people, for whom primarily they are supposed to be designed. I wondered in what light the antics and grotesqueness of the " Star Comique," the evolutions of the Champion skaters, and all the other strange, and, it must be said, some What vulgar anachronisms, were viewed by the children of tender years, who filled the dress circle and I still have very grave doubts if all this he an improvement. Here in Sydney we used often to have capital acting in pantomimes. These lines may be read by some who can remember such pantomimes as " Aladdin, the Wonderful Scamp, and J, H. Rogers' impersonation of the Widow Twankay. Rogers was an admirable actor of broad comedy. He was a born comedian, with exceptional facial qualifications for the expression of homely humour. He is still remembered in the Strand theatre, where old London playgoers will tell you it was sufficient for Rogers to come forward to the footlights and look at the audience with his comical phiz to convulse them with merriment We have had very few comedians on the Australian stage equal to him for breadth and unctuous naturalness of humour. He was as good in burlesque as in old English comedy, and played the Widow Twankay equally well with-Hardcastle in " She Stoops to Conquer." Two such actors as Rogers and i Greville, who is still well to the fore, were alone enough to make a pantomime, and burlesque in their hands became genuine comedy. The writer is hardly old enough to be entitled to the dignity of a laudatory temporis area, but he is old enough to be able to note a distinct falling off in the histrionic side of modem pantomime. The performance at the theatre over, yet another small dissipation remained for Ned and myself ere our evening concluded. This was lo bleak our homeward journey at a little pastrycook's shop which used to stand in George-street, which kept rather late hours, and with whose ways we were conversant. It had a very small room at the back for the convenience of its clients, and hore Ned and I were accustomed to regale ourselves on a mutton pie and a glass of ginger wine each. This we sometimes did on other occasions besides theatre- going night on half-holidays and the like-but our visits by daylight to the little shop had hardly the same fascination as towards midnight Of this we were quite conscious, though we could not have exactly explained why it should be FO. The attention and respect which the middle-aged lady, the proprietress of the shop, paid us as old and regular patrons was duly appreciated by Ned and me, and I remember that we thought her a very sensible and well-mannered person, and made a point of returning her civilities with punctilious politeness. I am not sure whether our friends were aware of this addition to our night's plea sures; but I don't think it did as much harm, anyhow. It was hardly to be expected that Ned and I should rise on the morning after our pantomime at the usual hour; but the kind lady of the house, Ned's mother, was very considerate, did not permit us to be disturbed until she thought we had had a reasonable amount of sleep, and kept breakfast warm for us. We did our best to repay her by giving her, while she prepared our coffee, as accurate and graphic an account of the night's entertainment as our combined powers could produce. A large part of that day Ned and I employed in living over again the events of the past evening, recalling to one another each point of the performance that had especially approved itself to us, and enjoy. ing everything in the retrospect quite as much as in the actual experience a practice not confined to boys. Then other pastimes and interests of boyhood arrived to direct our minds into different channels until the return of the kind Christmas season should again revive our thoughts of pantomime. The sagacious years have been gliding very swiftly away, as Mr. Horace would have said, and are beginning to make quite a formidable array, since the days of that early zest, a pantomime. Christmas now brings thoughts of other bills than those of the play, and Mr. Phunui fello's jokes have lost something of their old flavour and freshness. Can those middle-aged looking ladies capering away there, exhibiting their faded graces, be of the same row to the sylph- like nymphs who used to execute the celebrated scarf dance in the enchanted grotto in the pantomime of " Harlequin King Golden Pippin Impossible And that noisy farces dressed like a cheap modern dandy "masher," I believe, is the horrible name in present vogue-bawling a tuneless music-hall ballad do you call that a burlesque actor? No, no, young people ; it is very well for you to be pleased with that dancing and that acting, but it you had seen Miss Tàgliony Mcrritos in her prime, as Columbine, and Spangleton as Harlequin, and Mr. Komiesoo in his great part of the giant Hurlohumbo sanguinary, in the famous pantomime to which allusion has several times been made in these veracious reminiscences, then you would know what dancing and sing- ing wore;" then you might talk. If- but it is quite time I laid down this garrulous pen, for I hear a small hubbub downstairs, where little Ned, and Will, and Miss Muffet, and a troop of their young playfellows are clamorous to be off. And the cabs are already waiting at the door, and cabmen, the world over, are a dread u ly irritable and impatient race, upon whom the supposed kindly influences of the Christmas season seem to have little or no effect All right! Master Ned, don't kick my shins quite so hard, will you, please. We're off now, and may you enjoy that excruciatingly funny joke about the red-hot poker as much as your elders used to don R. H. 