CONGLOMERATIONS. Our readers were invited to supply for publication " Conglomerations," in accordance with the follow ing conditions1. The poems may be on any subject and in any measure. 2. The selected words to he used in any order, i.e., not necessarily in the same consecutive order in which they are arranged. 3. At least as many selected words are to he used as one-half oi the number of lines in the veises in which they are embodied. The selected words were Tale, Tear, 1 bought, Time, Together, Tiain. We publish the following this week Together, dearest, let us stray, A soft we did in youth's fair day. When all our dreams were bright and clear. In fancy live them o'er again, Forget each trace of grief and pain. And banish far the scalding tear. Time flies, and like a tale that's told, It leaves us feeble, frail, and old. Each.fAoughf, alas! grows still more dim; Though south be past, let us, my love, Mill train our thoughts in faith above, And still have confidence in Him. B. S. S. Great floods were caused by heavy rain, The chasm made engulphed the train; O! sad the tale, it gives one pain, And often draws a tear. Together all along the line The thought of racing iillBd each mind, The carnival they leit behind: Without one thought of fear. A jolly lot that sporting throng. The time tbey spent in jest and song, And little recked they that ere long Grim death might then appear. XARKA. " I could a tale unfold," the ghost to Hamlet said (And so could any dog that has a tail behind him): What though the horrid thought filled Hamlet's soul with dread. The phantom only sought in time just to remind him, That he, "the serpent that did sting his father's life"— Bis uncle at that hour Mb father's crown was wearing; But oh, the bitter tear; the agonizing strife, The train of sad events, Mb troubled soul were scaring, Served but to nerve bis heart to great and noble acts Served but to urge him on to deeds of retribu tion ; Witness when he the king and queen together taxed With crimes "unwhipped by justice," crimes of foul solution. 