LORD TENNYSON'S NEW POEMS. 'Tiresias, and Other Poems ' is the title of. the new volume by Lord Tennyson, which is dedicated 'To my good friend, Robert Browning,' and Mr. E. Fitzgerald. Admirers of the |Poet Laureate will give some of the poems in this collection a very high rank among his works. The title poem ' Tiresias ' recalls by its metre and treatment ' Ulysses ' and 'Tithonus.' The Theban seer thus describes the calamity which befell him : — Then, in my wanderings all the lands that lie Subjected to the Heliconian ridge Have heard this footstep fall, altho' my wont Was more to scale the highest of the heights With some strangehope to see the nearer G od. * One naked peak— the sister of the son Would climb from out the dark, and linger thc-re To silver all the valleys with her shafts There once, but long ago, five-fold thy term Of years, I lay ; the winds were dead for heat ; The noonday crag made the hand burn ; and sick For shadow — not one bush was near — I rose Following a torrent till its myriad falls Foucd silence in the hollows underneath. There in a secret olive-glade I saw Pallas Athene climbing from the bath In anger ; y«i one glittering foot disturb'd The lucid well ; one snowy knee was prest Agaiuit the margin flowers ; a dreadful light Came from her golden hair, her golden helm And all her goldea armor on the grass * And from her virgin breast, and virgin ej'es Remaining fixt on mine, till mine grew dark For ever, and I heard a voice that said ' Henceforth be blind, for thou hast seen too much, ' And speak the truth that no man may believe.' Son, in the hidden world of sight, that lives Behind this darkness, I behold her still, Beyond all work of those who carve the stone, Beyond all dreams of Godlike womanhood. In 'The Wreck' a very different note ia struck : — He that they gave me to, mother, a heedless and innocent bride — I never have wrong'd his heart, I have only wounded his pride — Spain in his blood and the Jew— dark-visaged, stately, and tall— A princelier-lookmg man never stept thro' a prince's hall. And who, when his anger was kindled, would venture to give him the nay ? And a man men fear is a man to be loved by the ?women they say. And I could have loved him too, if the blossom can doat on the blight, Or the young- green leaf rejoice in the frost that seara : it at night ; He would open the books that I prized, and toss them away with a yawn, Kepell'd by the magnet of art to the which niy nature was drawn, The word of the poet by whom the deeps of the world arestirr'd, The music that robes it in language beneath and beyond the word i JTy Shelley would fall from my hands when he cast a contemptuous glance From where he was poring over hia tables of trade and finance ; My hands, when I heard him coming, would drop from the chords or the keys, But ever I fail'd to please him, however I strove to please — All day long far-off in the cloud of the city, and there Lost, head and heart, in the chances of dividend, consol, and share — And at home if I sought for a kindly caress, being woman and weak, His formal kiss fell chill as a flake of snow on the cheek : And so, when I bore him a girl, when I held it aloft in my joy, He looked at it coldly, and said to me, ' Pity it isn't * a boy.' The one thing given me, to love and to live for, glanced at in scorn ! The child that I felt I could die for— as if she wero basely born ! I had lived a wild-flower life, I was planted now in a tomb; The daisy will shut to the shadow, I closed my heart to the gloom ; I threw myself all abroad— I would play my part with the young By the low footlights of the world— and I caught tha wreath that was flung. 'The Ancient Sage' will be welcome for the lyrics it contains : — How far thro1 all the bloom and brake That nightingale is heard ! What power but the bird's could make This music in the bird 1 How smnijoer-bright are yonder skies, And earth as fair in hue ! And yet what sign of aught that lies Behind theferetn andjrtue ? But man to-day is fancy's fool As man hath ever been. The nameless Power, or Powers, that rule Were never heard or seen. But vain the tears for darken'd years As laughter over wine, And vain the laughter as the tears, O brother, mine or thine, For all that laugh, and all that weep, And all that breathe are one Slight ripple on the boundless deep That moves, and all is gone. Every one will be glad to see Lord Tenny son going back to the famous 'Northern Farmer ' style and dialect. There is a piece in the present volume which is likely to be as popular as almost anything that its author has written. It is called 'The Spinster's Sweet Arts,' and it is the soliloquy of an old maid to. her cats, whom she calls ' arter the fellers es once was sweet upo' me.' Here is a specimen* of the poem : — Bob, coom oop'ere o' my knee. Thou sees that i spite o' the men I a'kep' thru! thick an* thin my two 'oonderd a-yeajc*; to mjsen ; Yis ! thaw tha call'd me es pretty ; es ony lass i' th6 shere, An' thou be es pretty a Tabby, but Rouby I seed thru! ja theere. Feyther 'ud saiiy I wur ugly as sin, an' I beiint nofi vaain, But I Diver wur downright hugly, thaw eoom 'ud 'n thowt ma plaain, An' I wasn't sa plaiiin i' pink ribbons, ye said I wut pretty i' pinks. An' I liked to 'ear it I did, but I beiint sich a fool asyg thinks; Ye was stroakin ma down wi' the 'air, as I be a« stroakin o' yon, But whiniver I look'd i' the glass I wur sewer that 16 couldn't be true ; Niver wur pretty, not I, but ye knaw'd it wur pleasant. to 'ear, Thaw it watn't not me as war pretty, but my toa 'oonderd a-year. D'ya mind themurnin when we wasa-watton'togither,' an' stood By the claiiy'd-oop pond, that the foUlk ba sa scared, at, i' Gigglesby wood, Wheer the poor wench drowndid hersen, black Sat es 'ed been disgraced ? An' I feel'd thy arm es I stood wur a-creeupin aboufj my waaist ; An' me es wur allus afeat'd of a man's gittin' owes-. fond, I sidled awaay an' awaay tall I plumpt foot fust i' the pond; And, Kobby, I nivir 'a liked tha sa well as I did thafi daa'y, Fur tha joompt in thysen, an' tha hoickS my feet wi* a flop fro* the claay. Ay, stick oop thy back, an' set oop thy taail, tha may may gie me a kiss, Fur 1 walk*d wi' tha, all the way hoani an' wur nivee sa nigh saUyin Vis. 'The Flight' is another poem that will ba instantly popular. It is sufficient to quote a- few of its exquisite stanzas : — Are you sleeping? have you forgotten ? do not sleep, my aster dear ! How van you sleep? the morning brings the day I hate and fear; v The cock has crow'd already once, he crows before hia time ; Awake ! the creeping glimmer steals, the hills ar$ white with rime. Jh, clasp me in your arms, sister, ah, fold me to tout breast! jfrb, let me weep my fill once more, and cry myself to rest! Jo rest? to rest and wake «o more were better rest for me, £han to waken every morning to that face I loathe to see. I envied your sweet slumber, all night so calm you lay, jfhe night was calm, the morn is calm, and like another day ; JJnt I could wish yon moaning sea would tise and burst the shore, find such a whirlwind blow these woods as never blew before. For, one by one, the stars went down across the gleaming pace, ftnd project after project rose, and all of them were vain ; ffhe blackthorn-blossom fades and falls and leaves the bitter sice, She hope I catch at vanishes and youth is turn'd to woe. Pome, epeak a little comfort ! all night I prayVI with tears, And yet no comfort came to me, and now the morn appears, YFiien be will teat me from your side, who bought me for his slave : Jhis father pays his debt with me and weds me to my grave. * * * * ?£ e EhaU I take him ? I kneel with 7ii3)i ? I sweat and swear forsworn {To love him most whom most I loathe, to honor whom 1 scorn 2 ffhe Fiend would yell, the grave would yawn, my mother's ghost would rise — 5o lie, to lie— in God's own house— the blackest ol all lies! It is interesting to find that at this time of Bay Lord Tennyson has another ' Idyll of the King' to give the world. It is called 'Balin and Balan,' and is an introduction to ' Merlin and Vivien.35 There is also a sequel to the famous ' Charge of the Light Brigade.' It is 'The Charge of the Heavy Brigade at Bala klava/' and it contains such lines as the follow ing: — She charge of the gallant three hundred, the Heavy Brigade! Down the hill, down the hill, thousands of Russians ; JThonsands of horsemen, drew to the valley— and Etay'd; For Scarlett and Scarlett's three hundred were riding by Iflien the points of the Russian lances arose in the eky; £nd he call'd ' Left wheel into line V and they wUeel'd and obey'd. Some of the poems in the volume are already familiar to the public, like 'Despair' and the epitaph on Gordon. Most are new', and (in the opinion of the St. James's Gazette) will be read with an interest such as few modern Volumes of modern poetry arouse. 