EXTENSION OF ST. FRANCIS XAVIER'S cathedral. Since 1840, when the first Roman Catholic clergyman arrived in the oolony, the number of adherents of the Churoh has steadily increased, and nerhans no better illuetratinn of the numerical strength the body has attained coold be given than the scene witnessed on Sunday afternoon, November 7, on the occasion of the laying of the founda tion-stone of the extension of St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral. Shortly after 3 o'clock several hundred persons were present to witness the ceremony, which was inaugurated by the formation of a procession in the Church, composed of the Roman Catholic BiBhop of Adelaide (the Rev. C. A. Reynolds, D.D.), the Vicar-General (Archdeacon Rus sell), and the leading clergymen of the body, aoolytes, choristers, &c.; The Bishop was arrayed in the gorgeous robes of his sacred office, and as the procession left the Church and wended its way to the eastern side of the edifice the scene was an impressive one. The choir ohanted the liturgy of the Blessed Virgin. On arriving at the stone Dr. Reynolds was met by Mr. A. A. Fox, M.P., who presented to the Bishop a handsome trowel made of Silverton silver with a Burra malachite handle, chastely worked, and containing the following in scription " Presented to the Right Rev C. A. Reynolds, D.D., Bishop of Adelaide by the Building Committee on the occasion of his laying the fonndation-Btone of the enlargementof St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral, being the fourteenth anniversary of his con secration to the See of Adelaide. November 7,1886." The Bishop said—My deafest friend, I accept with no ordinary degree of pleasure this instrument, which I am to use in laying the corner-stone of the extension of our Cathedral Church. It is indeed a source of great pleasure to me to be engaged in a work so auspicious as this on the anniversary of my consecration. Please Bay to the gentle men who deputed von to present to me this trowel that I shall preserve it with the greatest regard all the days of my life, and I shall take measures to have it placed in the archives of the diocese as a testimony to my successors of the devotion of the Building Committee of this Church. I earnestly pray that God's blessing may be upon you, and on this occasion I cannot but repeat the words of my predecessor, that when Bishop, priests, . and people are united there is no such word as impossible. I have no words to express my BenBe of gratitude to you for your kindly remarks. The usual ceremony for the laying of a foundation-Btone waB then proceeded with. The LitanieB and Psalms 83, 86, 126, and 50 were chanted, and Dr. Reynolds marked with the sign of the Cross all sides of the stone and solemnly blessed it, concluding, " I de clare this stone duly laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." A document containing information regard ing the ceremony was placed in a bottle under the Btone, as well as a medal of the reigning Pontiff, current coins, and a historical sketch of theChurch in the colony, and copies of the Adelaide daily newspapers and the Catholic Monthly, The docnment was as follows:— " To the Great and Omnipotent God.— This first stone of the extension of the Cathedral of St. Francis Xavier was solemnly blessed and laid by Christopher Angnstine Bishop of Adelaide on the 7th of the Ides of November, the 14th anniversary of his oonsecration, the year of our Lord, 1886, being the ninth year of the Pontificate of our "Most Holy Father Leo XIII., by Divine Providence Pope, the jubilee year of our Most Gracious Majesty Victoria I., Queen of Great Britain and Ireland and of tneBe dependencies, her vice-regent being W. C. F, Robinson, Kt., in the presence of a great multitude of the faithful in Christ. O sacred heart of Jesus, bless and direct this work and bring to a happy conclusion that which we have begun in Thy name." There were attached the Archbishop's name, and the names of members of Building Com mittee. The Bishop, in the course of an eloquent sermon, said that it was not requisite to God that they should erect a temple for His worship, but it was necessary to themselves that they should make a sacrifice in His name. He then stated that the Church in the colony was young in years, not yet having attained its jubilee, but young as it was it had a history. God forbid that on so auBpicions and joyous an occasion he should allude to anything that would hurt the feelings or oauss pain to any one, but he thought it right to trace the career of the Churoh. In was in 1839 when the voice of Christ reached the Venerable Apostolic Vicar of New Holland, John Bede Holding, telling him that nearly 500 Christians of the Church were in the oolony with none to break to them the bread of life. They said that they had no one except a layman to assist them when they were dying,. and they had none to baptise their children or solemnize and bless their marriages. They prayed him to send them a priest, as many of them were simply married by the civil Regis trar. They wanted their unions bleseedand accorded the sacred rites of the Church. The Apostolic Vicar heard the voice, and sent his own Vicar-General, afterwards ruling the See of Birmingham, Dr. (Jllathorne, to take charge of the Church in the new land. He came and presented his credentials to the then Governor, but was told that he wonld not be received because he was a Papist prieBt. The then Governor, however, little knew the mi" he had to deal with. He was a legalized officer of the Crown, for he was sent ont by William IV. to report on the scandalous persecutions of a previous Governor of New Sonth Wales. He de manded an audience, got it, and told the Governor hiB duty, ana that he had a right to receive him as an official of the Crown. The Commissioner of the day refused him a schoolroom (although it we? unoccupied on that Sunday, and had been given to every -other denomination) because he was the -representative of the Pope of Rome. To his credit then came forward a Mr. Neale, an honest, liberal Protestant gentlemen, who, \- disgusted at the narrowminded individual, said if some members of the Church would \- stack up hiB crockeryware, they oould have the use of his store, which would accommo date 200 people. In that store divine worship was held. It was now a bakehouse, but that store would linger in the memory of every Catholic in the Diocese as the first place where worship in accordance with the Holy \- Church was first held. The Apostolic Vicar worked hard, and shortly afterwards the . Rev. Father Trenton oame from Tasmania. Father Colton, of Sydney, was the next to visit the colony and went to Mount Barker, where he baptised ten children. Subse quently, Dr. Bonney, the first Biehop of Perth, paid a visit to Adelaide on his way to take charge of his diocese. In 1842, Father William Benson was sent to take care of the young. He was followed by the first Bishop,. who held service in the old brewery in Pirie street, which was then known bb Welsh's Store. That store bad long since passed nut of their hands, _ as it was only leased, and it was occupied for a very dif ferent purpose at the present time. Subse quently a site on West-terrace was secured, and St. Patrick's Schoolroom^ was erected. It served a double purpose, being used aB a schoolhouse during the week and a Church on Sunday. A few months previously the Bishop had laid the foundation- stone of the first Church in the colony, the mother \- Church of the diocese, St. Mary's, at Morphett Vale. The Church there went on. It had many struggles and much to contend with, but there was great room for praise throughout it all When the gold mineB were discovered in Victoria and the colony was almoBt depopulated, it was a crucial time for the Church, but the people returned to the colony, and tne first use they made of their money was to erect a Church, and that site was secured by Dr. Backhouse, acting on behalf of the Bishop. At that time Mr. Leigh, the great benefactor of the Diocese, became a Catholic. He had alwayB considered it his firBt duty to give a tithe of hiB possessions to God, and when he became a Catholic he gave the plans of a Church which he had intended for a Protestant edifice. He alBO gave £2,000, £1,000 of which allowed of the completion of the Church at West-terrace and the remainder of the Episcopal resi dence. It was fonnd that the plans of the Church were unsuitable for the foundations, \- and the late Edward JobnPeake was com missioned to obtain an architect in England to draw up plans of a building that would be suitable to the foundations; nencethe small size of the Catholic Cathedral of Adelaide. Yet it was a great undertaking for the body. They were familiar with the hiBtory of the Church in Ade laide since then, and the work that had been done since his consecration fourteen years ago. He did not want to say anything that would sound like self-glorification, bat the work had been hard and much had been accomplished. When it had been decided to extend the Cathedral to meet the call for room in the bnildiDg, a meeting was held and offerings were asked for. That appeal was nobly responded to, no loss than £2,500 being received in caBh and promises. He again appealed to them to lay their offerings on the stone. He knew their generosity, and was \- quite sure that if the bnilding was not opened free of debt, very little would remain unpaid \- on it. He urged them to give_ according to their means, the rich out of their abundance, the poor what they could spare. God did not look at the amount, he looked at the intentions, and as their intention was so would the blessing be. Donations were then placed on the stone, Dr. Reynolds commencing with a donation of £100, and reading a tele gram from Father Prendergast, promis ing another £100. The appeal for sub scriptions was most liberally responded to, the amounts varying from £50 to a few shil lings, the total for the day reaching £985. The following is a description of the new part of the building, for which tenders will be received until Friday next. The addition is only part of the work towards the completion of the Cathedral. It will include the extension of the. eastern aisle. The present eastern wall is to be removed, and the width of the aisle increased by 1G feet. With this increased width the present lean-to roof if extended would have come too low, and, therefore, a new style of roof will be adopted. The aisle will now be covered with Bmall pitched roofs, with gables bipped against cleve story walls. The ex tension will include two new confes sionals. In place of the present lady Chapel a small new lady Chapel will be provided at the end of the new aisle. In the new eastern wall there will be two large and three Bmall windows, all double lights, and five rose windows in the gables. They will be frilled with zinc forms and glazed with rough ' Cathedral glasses of different tints. The windows will have small engaged columns on the jambs and mullions. The heads have sunk arches and moulded labels over. The small windows are over the confessionals, and a new doorway near the south end. A small temporary porch is pro vided at the north end. On account of the -damp the new floor will be of slate carried on small dwarf walls with air spaces between, which will prevent any damp. The gutter ing in the roof running across the aisles is a new idea. A set of double gutters is provided, so that in case of that which is in general use becoming choked the water will have another outlet. This is the idea of Mr. Woods, who has put it into practice at Parliament House and the Lunatic Asylum. The sketch-plans for the alterations to the Cathedral were prepared by Messrs. Pugin & Pugin, of London, but it has been found necessary to depart from them \- in some respects. The working drawings and specifications are the work of Mr. E. J. Woods, under whoBe supervision the work will be carried out. 