AUSTRALIANS AT HOME. Bv "THE VAGABOND." IN SCOTLAND. No. 1. The representatives ol Australia who were honoured by being the recipients of invitation to Glasgow and Edinburgh took Shefield. Mr. J. W. Pye Smith, the Mayor, the Master Cutler and the Cutlers' Company, the corporation, and the inhabitants of Sheffield made every preparation, and vied with each other to do us honour. Yorkshire in this respect will for ever remain in our minds as synonymous with hospitality. Here, tis at Leeds and Bradford, the chief inhabitants opened tbeir doors, and welcomed us to .their hearths and homes. In this pleasing intercourse there has necessarily been an interchange of opinions. English gentlemen have found out that from the colonies there may come men of education and breeding. Knglish ladies have found out that from Australia there may come ladies like tinto themselves, with the same taste for tailor-made gowns, and the same passion for lawn tennis and afternoon tea. English matrons have discovered that the daughters of the great Southern land, if they have a little more freedom of speech and less humbug are in fact very like their own chickens. This hearty hospitality given to us in Yorkshire, and also in Devonshire, has made up for a great deal of the stiffness and falseness of London society. At Newcastle, too, it may also be noted that people receive us at their own homes. The pilgrims had to make another early rise, to start from King's Cross at 7.40 a.m. by the Great Northern Railway. Sheflield was reached soon after. Here the colonists were welcomed by the Mayor and the Master Cutler, who were gorgeous in their insignia of office-the chief constable, the aldermen and town councillors, and, above all, the beadle. The Sheffield beadle is the most gorgeous of his type that I have ever seen. AB Artcmus Ward-would put it, he alone was worth twice the price of admission. Whether he belongs to the parish, or the mayor, or the master cutler I know not, but we look upon this beadle as one of the most pleasing personal adjuncts of the reception. Sheffield should be proud ot him. We are further complimented in that Mr. C. E. IToward Vincent, M.P., accompanied us from'King's Cross. He was heartily received by some of his constituents, although others manifested their disapproval of his policy by groans. From the station to the hotel we were literally mobbed by the Yorkshire crowd, anxious to see if we were black or not They seemed all to be very much disappointed that wo were whiter than themselves. At the Victoria Hotel we were introduced to our hosts, and at noon had a good lunch before being started around the town to view the works and manufactories. Each visitor was provided with a handsome Russia leather badge, which bore the town arms and motto, and which we shall keep as mementoes of our visit. Various parties inspected the cutlery works of Messrs. Joseph Hogers and Sotas, the silver-plate works of Dickson and Sons, Walker and Hall, and nutton and Sons, Messrs. John Hound and Son ; and the edge tool works of Messrs. Skelton and Co. and the Hardy Patent Tick Company. I think thitt the inspection of the Sheflield manufacories afforded more enjoyment than any thmg which we have yet seen in this line. The working of steel and of plated ware is much more interesting in itself than looms und woollen factories. Every colonist was presented with a handsome knife as a souvenir of his visit Many, however, preferred driving into the country, having seen enough ot factories in other parts of Yorkshire. Some of us drove to the Neumery Colliery, ¡md went down 6OOft, to say that they had been down in a coal mine. Mr. Howard Vincent accompanied them, and could tell a goud many Australians of his 2,000 and odd feet, experience in the mines of Bendigo and Ballarat At each of the establishments visited there was an interchange of compliments, a shaking of hands, and mutual expressions of esteem. We returned to be taken home by our hosts, and to be fed and feasted by them until it was time to get back to the town for tim reception and conversazione at night The Cobern hall has as line it suite of rooms as many in the kingdom. They were all beautifully decorated, the flags of all the colonies being prominent, but the pride of place was given to an original verse evolved for the occasion by some Sheffield poet : "England and her colonies. For ever may they be, Tho' distinct as the billows One as the sea!" I think Jennings Carmichael and Brunton Stephens would scarcely admit this to be poetry. But still, the intention was good, and as such we received it. There was an address of welcome, acknowledged by Sir Saul Samuel, the band played sweet music, there was talk and flirtation, which resolved itself at last into dancing, greatly to the joy of our young Australians. The masher of the party cast his upas glances round, and withered up the hearts of the Yorkshire maidens. He is such a destroying angel that we consider that the British Government will have to deport him back to the South Seas before he depopulates the British Isles by breaking hearts. The dance went on to a late hour, for we were happy that we were not timed to depart until 1 o'clock next day. As a matter of fact, this visit to Sheflield was much too hurried. There was a great deal there which we missed, although some of us rose early next morning, and went to seo the steel armour plate and ordinance works of Messrs. John Brown and Co., which are just as good as any to be found in the world, and tho managing director of which, Mr. Stephen Burridge, was my appointed host We also went to the works of Messrs. Thomas Firth and Sons' and Vickars and Sons. But the ladies did not turn out much betöre the departure from Sheflield to York, from thence along the north-eastern route of Newcastle and Berwick to Edinburgh. Now, as we had beeu to Newcastle before, it seemed, in. this respect, the arrangements were badly organised. Sheflield should have been included in the circle of previous visits to Yorkshire, which would have prevented us going over the same ground twice. Lunch was served on the curs, and we arrived tit Edinburgh at 7.30, being over half un hour late! 'Here, nt the Waverley Btation, the Cord T?rovo3t and the corporation received us. When I say "us" I mean Sir Saul Samuel and Sir George Bowen, absentee Governor of Hong Kong, who is honouring us with his presence, why nnd wherefore we know not ; and Australians, who have heard their ex-Governor speak so often, feel that they could exist without him. Sir Sutil Samuel, I believe, would also be perfectly happy if Mr. Henniker Heaton were not here. I should be perfectly happy if Africa were;not so well represented. Squashee is here in force, male and female, after the manner of his kind. At Edinburgh I, standing among the crowd, am amused to heor a braw lassie say, " Why, they're no black 1 " I disguise my individuality as a colonist and, passing as an ordinary traveller, ask an in- telligent bystander who all these people are. Buys he, "They're a party of Canadians come to visit Edinburgh." I find that in Scotland generally the knowledge of places beyond the seas very limited. After this encounter, the first man with whom I hold communion in Edinburgh is a beggar-a decent looking man, too-but he tells me a piteous tale oE being hard up, and of a wife and Saintly wanting brend. It may or may not be true but sou muy be sure ¡t touches my Australian heart. Up t0 tho present time it has been one of my fondly cherished delusions that the Scotch race was supreme in matters of organisation That idea has vantshed for ever. In all our wanderings to and fro over Great Britain in no place have the arrangements been so badly conceived and carried out as in Scotland. We are bidden to Edinburgh as the guests of the Lord Provost and Corporation, and are supposed to be allotted to various hotels. Now, there does not seem to many of us any very great exercise of hospitality in the corporation voting a sum of money out of the rates and taxes to entertain themselves and their friends as well as a body of colonists No private individual puts his hand in Ins pocket for one single sixpence to buv us ti drum In this respect there is n, {trent difference to otic reception in Dublin '1 be Lord Maj or of Ireland s utpital is a com ptirntively pocr mun b/it he entertained us at a magnificent ball and banquet at the Mansion house livery member of the Dublin lavin Council and Reception Com mittce vied with euch other in looking after our individual comfort i liev might be Ilome Hulers Nationalists-1 emans even it lus been hinted-hut on their own soil they BUS tained the character of hospitality and warm heurtcdncas foi winch the Celtic race is re non ned At Johnburgh we are billeted out at various hotels, are ordered about luther and thither like a party of wild Indiana being taken to M ashmc,ton to see the sights, rho head quarters of the reeeution committee is at the Waterloo Hotel, and the insolence o£ the ofiicials mid servants there is very unnoying te some of our Australian Indies I am luckv in that I am located at the Claren don u Inch is a small place, but high toned, where I um very emily waited upon This is villero all the noblesse of ¡scotland hang out when they visit Auld Heckie, and I find the place fall of lords and ladies and baronets and other emull frj of the aristucracj 'lhere is no bedroom tor me, but I Bleeo at ni-ht in a most gorgeous opnrtment, with the most magnificent surroundings, for they put up a bed for me in the centre ot the lar c.c drawing room I like to see pictures and statuary and cuticles de luxe el tie valu ull round hie, and I feel «omething like a Rothschild or a Westminster or a Mackaj I do not think any -ustrahan milhomme ever evolved such a dormitory I am lucky but it is reullj a disgrace to Scotch organisation that many of our pin ty-for instance, Mr Daly, of Melbourne, and Ina familj- at midnight lind not got rooms, and did not know w hue they would rest. On our arrival we had a. square meal in the grand hall of the W aterloo Hotel, certainly one of the most beautifully decorated dmtng saloons in the world I know of few places to beat it but, formjself, I can do with less frescoes and better attention when I am feeding 'Ihen drugs weie m readiness to tal e us to the Lxhibilion, through which ve were to be personally conducted by the com mutee Half a do?cn of us were run into a reception room 1 having charge of a bt Kilda ladv whom we all greitlj admire and respect and the chairman fixed us with his glittering eje, and received us to what the Scotch call the International Inhibition Major W alker, of îvew South Wales, now had a chance of saying a few words and availed himself of it 1 hen v\ e Vt ere marched tliroiiL.li long lines of spectators to view the Lxlubi tion W e had a right hearty reception-the buildings at every part were thronged, but the utmost order was kept, just space enough for couples to walk in Cheer after cheer, and mil» tdual expressions of welcome, ' God bless je, "Will je na comeback again ' W elcome to you and others quietlj riis ing their hats as we pass I never knew till now what a bore it must be to be n prince and have to respond to the salutations of the populace by continually talcing oil one s hat 1 rom what v. e see of the Edinburgh Inhibition, we are prepared to speak for its being one of the very best in the world I am not sure that it is not more interestm" th m that at South Kensington As regards the nrt galleries, the doors of which have been locked, and in which wo have space enough to view the surroundings, I um eel tnin that the collection of pictures here is as good as any we aie likely to see in the whole world, and linnncialli, Ibis under takingwill be much more successful than that at South Kensington, which it bas run close) j in the number of visitors, und as it is worked by private committees witboutsuch a number of rjaul olhcials as there is at the Colonial und Indian I \hibition, the result m the end will be far mote sutisfactorj Hie portion of the exhibition repiesenting the streets ot Old I dinburgh, with the old booths and sit.ns, and 'chapman billies is in itself a show quite equal to uni thin,, in South kensington Up in the morningenrlj, we were all bidden to bicaÜiiat together at the Waterloo Hotel I preferred to take mine quietly in the Clarendon, and to pay for it ihen we were drafted off into mobs^ to seo the sights of the town W e had been joined by many of the colonists just come over from Ireland, the Sidney contingent strongly represented A\ e are all pleased to see Mr Bennett again amon"st us. I am nut into a drag with visitors from beyond the seas whom I know not ol, and escorted by liiuhe Russell, we are taken to liol j tood and through the old town to the C istlc 'lhere is no doubt that 1 dinburgh is, I will not say tbe most benu tiful citi of the world but very near to it Ldinburzh and Ovford are the only places which I have revisited in which I have not been disappointed l'rmce s street here is, I think the grandest thoroughfare in the world Hie magnificent buildings on one side, the gardens, and the castle crowning the heights of the old towij, with the Calton hill in the distance, capped by Nelson s monument form alto"ether a coup d tal the like of which one will not see elsewhere. Prince s street possesses monuments which especially attract those who believe in paying respect to the great victors ot peace It is true that we have here an equestrian statue of the Duke of Wellington which some Aus tralians admire until I tell them that it is as nought beside the great statue of George W ashington in the Capitol grounds at Rich mond But there are greater than the con queror of Waterloo here. The Sir Walter Scott memorial is known all over tho world, but beside the tribute to tho Wizard of the Isortb. we have statues to Black Wilson Allan Ramsay, David Livingstone and Sir James Simpson, the celebrated surgeon In the latter one secs a strong resemblance to a gentleman stil' living and who is noted m the medical profession Intellect is honoured is another magnificent thoroughfare George street in a statue to Dr Chalmers Hie Burns Monument is on the llegent road Hie eflic,y of the Ajrshtre ploughman is seated under a cunóla, a copy of Lysicrates' ut Athens As his mother said her son asked for bread m his life and in his death they gave him a stone But that they honoured Burns so much as they also honoured the grenp ones oi literature and Bcienee is counted unto the Scottish people for righteousness. No other nation m the world has done itself BO much credit in this respect I admire and love the Scottish race on this account, if not on others. Our guide, Bailie Russell, is a gentleman of an iconoclastic turn of mmd He is, however one above all who knows what not to show ns llolyrood is reported to be of great historical interest lhere is no doubt that it is so but in itself it is not so pic turesquc as Warwick Castle or Belvoir Castle, or many other mansions oflugland lhere IB a picture gallery which contains 100 jarda of painting, portraits of the kings of Scot land all of which, as Bailie KUSBOII tells us, were done by one hand Lord Darnley 8 rooms and Queen Mars a apartments are very interesting from their associations. I he supper room in which liV/io was surprised t;:th the Queen is, in met only a small closet adjacent to tnc bedroom W hen one sees the locah one begins lo realise that Darnley had grounds ior his suspicion of his wife s lidehtj, and that Moreton, Lindsaj and the Kuthvens onlj executed a sort of Jeddart justice 'Hie dark Btuins pointed out on the stairs, which are saul to be the blood of the Queen s favourite, do not arouse much emotion in our minds. Her Majesty Queen Victoria sometimes occupies apartments at llolyrood but this is a new quarter of the palace, fitted with every modern convenience, und to which ordinnrjr visitors are not ntl nutter] We drive from the ancient palace up the Canongate, a thoroughfare as diilerent from Prince s street na it is possible to con ceive Hie houses, roany stones high, are lil e those which ure seen m paris of 1 ttrope but not ml ngland or Ireland Iho numbei of lamdica hvint in one of these tenements is surprising 1 vidences of tho laif,e popula tion nrc to be seen in the washing hanging out to dry from every window Soiled Bari s Muttering in the brec/c aro not exactly pic turesque but the attempt at cleanliness is commendable We visited the Universitj, the Museum oí Science and Art the old Pur hument house and St Giles s Cathedral, viewing the spot whore John Knox preached I nnd Jennie Geddies threw the cutty stool at J the preacher Murray Hamilton and the great Marquis of Montrose were ill butted in ' St Giles s In St, Giles s too there is al beautiful stained glass window showinn ' John Knox preaching and the assassination of the Hèlent Murray lhere aro undent monuments tablets in bronze to the memorj of the Highlanders who fell in the Soudan 1 he do/en or BO whp were lulled in action or die lot their wounds or fever ore all per petuated-privates as well us ofheers Jins shows the spirit of the time ' All souls are now honoured, as WLII as ' all saints and martyrs I he private soldier is not lumped together as of old ma Roman tr umph with the uni nown de id I rom the Cathedral we go to the Castle through streets where tho ghosts of history hauntus with the memories of Cavaliers ana Covennnters an! bad kings and bol 1 rt formers 1 dmburgh Castle was one of tin. strongest fortresses in the worl 1 I rom its battlements a Mew IB obtained that is u ísur passe 1 elsewhere in Great Butain I must sny that it is much more interesting thin Holjrood ihe chapel of Queen Mar"uret the Saxon wile of Malcolm who died 800 )eurs ugo Mons Meg the oldest piece of uitillery ni the wot Id the re"nha room where one sees the crown of Robert Bruce nnd the 1 oyul jewels which the people of Scotland us our guide tells us would not allow to be taken out of the country when the Stuarts ascended ile 1 nghsh tluone an 1 Queen Marj s room where James I of Lngland vvas bom, ure all highly interesting to the stranger Our guide n disabled soldier who wears the Victoria Cross fur malíes us with a piece of tnfoimation which is eiiluely new ti mc und has not jet found its place m histor) But u very short time ti|,o they were rep tiring the wall near M try Stuarts room and they came upon a small box used as a coflm A Inch contained the bones oE an inf mt wrapped ina Bhroud on which v ere the Kojul arms and the letter J Ihe general in command ef the Castle ordered that the bo lj should be returned to its place and bricked up An ollence against the laws appears to have been thus committed and 1 mulgine that the neatest coroner should have been advised and inquest he! 1 over the biby Whose vi is it How di lit die ' Y\ hy came it there One of those mysteries \ Inch will never be solved till the , grive gives np its dea-1 ' lhere ire more teceut hisloiteal soute in in ] dmburji Castle in ti e dungeons ni which numbers of ltenelt piisoners vvcte con lined dunn), the gre it vvurs itt the commencement of this century 1 rench names are scratched on f ne stones and the pluce is show n where some undermine i the mun lotions and descended the steep rocks in an attempt to escupe Hie spot is also shown where the other ti ty a soldier ot a Hi0hland regiment conhned in the gu trd room m muged to make his way down the wall and tliion"h a narrow em brasure on the rampart dropping down the dill and so to the Grass Mitti et lie got au ti} to America and wrote and gave his colonel particulars ns to how he escaped \\\ hen we look at this spot we recognise tint nuclei dilietent conditions this min would have been the leader of a forlorn hope Major - \ ho nccompunes us regrets til it such a fine fellow is lost to the service But I dinburgh Castle has yet mysteties to be solve 1 lhere are passages and cellars in it bucked up and unused in which interest mt, discoveries miaht be made At present the Seaforth Highltndeis tue in garrison here mid the olheeis in their p trti coloured trews h ive u rather comic singer appearance winch detraeth from their mihtury bearing A number of these soldiers ure berne, drilled on th r imparts and I notice that they are all very young and that their ohjsique generally is not what it was m olden davs Besides Mons Alee, the Castle is now defended by some eighteen pounders But they dare not lire off a lur¡,e charge of gunpowder lor fear the oltl place would tumble do vu Before the days ot gunpowder this castle was impregnable isovv it is of no account except as a barracl s. After lunch the pilgrims are invited either to Hawthornden or Rosslyn Castle or to inspect the 1 orth bridge works or to pay a viBit to the 1 arl and Countess of Rosebery tit Dalmeny par! it having been announced that his Lordship and the Countess will be tit home to us from S to G It is not by my own will that I go to Dalmeny but I am not only bidden thither by a Queensland lady (and lean never resist Queensl tnders) but by two American ladies connected by marriage with Y letona whose 1 chests I am bound to obey W e cross the Witter of I eith winch revives memories of the other Dunedin in M lonlnnd alone, to CratnondBng-as beauti ful a village as one will lind in the world A charming drive this but disfigure! by one blot-the number of bet,L. ir cmldren who run after our vehicle with their incessant cry of Drop ii penny ! drnp a penny I de scribed Dublin ns being to a Lrtat e\tent made up ol beggary and bigotry On my ?word I um inclined to think that 1 dmburgh is as bad If it lins proluced great men if noble minded citizens like George Heriot erected hospittls for the reception of the poor if the present general hospital is one of the triumphs of the liberality of the citizens still in the past m the monuments to the uiortjrs one sees the odium tlieologictim reigned here as bitterly as in any part of the world Ulereare evidences that it has not vanished and the barefooted children in the streets in following us along the road crying out for coppers BIIOW the poverty of the people YA nether the 3 nghsh and American tourist throwing money al out lndiscnmi natel) lins caused the Scottish children who should know better to become mendicants just in the same way as the have a dive business has been started at Aden and Colombo I do not know but the roads arc thronged with little begg tra. Dalmeny nari is mugnificently wooded 1 he house itself is an old one with no particular claims to architectural beauty It stands on a rise overlooking the picturesque 1 irth of 1 orth Close on the shore there is a newer house willi a stone terrace and bilustrndes m the Italinn sty le I imagine that this is prtn cipally occupied In this latter there is a good library in which the present head of the Primroses cultivates his mind with the contemplation of a statue of Carlyle Hie little Primroses greatly raise the admiration of the ladies of our party Reallv they aro the prettiest children we have seen in Great Britain My Lord Rosebcrj, more than ever m his facial expression reminds us of what George Coppin was in his youth and I cannot help thinking that like the late lessee of the Theatre Royal he possesses many qualities which go to make a eonsum mate ne tor 1 rom the pari we drove to South Queen s I erry passing the old village ot Dahnenj where there is abeautiful oldNorman church more than 700 j ears old Here 1 bud associa tions of Melbourne for in this parish of Dalmeny one sees the gravestones of the ancestors lor many gener ttions of Mr W li Glen of Collins street Queen s 1 erry was so calle 1 after Margaret wile of Malcolm who always ciossed the Torth here on her journeys from Dumfermline lower to Ldinburfc.li But Queens 1 erry will be known m the present day ns the site of the great Tortb bridge one of the most magnificent pieces of engineering in the world about one and three quarter miles long c\tendii)L, in two spans from I lfcshire to Midlothian the centrtl suppoit being on the little island rock of Inchgorvej lins will cost some millions beforo it is finished and it aflords employment to some thousands of woikpeople It will sa\e many miles detour by Linlithgow nnd 1 alkirk in the journey to the North All therailwajs both 1 nghsh nnd Scotch which connect together in 1 dinburgh have joined in pii>mc, tho cost of this bnd¿e Ihe visitor to Queensieiry should not leave if possible without seeing Hopetoun house the seat ot the 1 arls of Hopetoun one of the grandest places in the kingdom. I rom its elevated (.rounds it overlooks the Torth and the vvholo stretch ot country from Stirling with views of the Highlands Ben lomond and Ben ledi îvot tar from here also is Dundas Castle and Kirkhstone But if I commence enumerating the places oí historic interest or those with pictutesiue \anta"e grounds on the 1 irth of I orth I si all not have any time to chronicle the binquet tendered to us by the Lord 1 rovost of 3 dinburgn in the hall nt the Waterloo Hotel at night We acknowledge fully the 1 ind greeting which is shown to us by every one m 1 din burgh Here they nie accustomed to popular demonstrations. Her M jesty the Queen oltcn \isits .Scotia a capital Its înlial it nits are brought up as it were to lcok upon visitors ns shows Y\ e aro cheered heartily and I hope the inhabitants derive some amusement from inspectent, us. It wculd be \ery ungracious indeed to cavil at any of the acts ot our entertimeie It woullbe veiy ungncious to is it were lool a gift horse in the in uth But ns I have pointed out before the lord Provost one of Gladstones new baronets and the B lillies do not them selves si end one bnubee in our entertain ment Ihe cveryda, people in the street indirectly throiu.li the city rates, are our hosts tis much us the Provost and Corpora tiou 