A QUESTION OF PRO PRIETORSHIP. i ? A STORY OF THE MICHIGAN . - UNIVEBSITY. ? J By Lore Siurf, in Detroit Free Frets,. # When John Wentworth put the last tonchca ' ? to hie work he stood baok and regarded it v with admiration. Ho stood with his honda in his pocVots and hia cap well back on hia bead, and he felt that glow of self-satisfaction which a man feels who has just finished a long and arduous task. " Well," he BBid, as he turned his head, now this way, and then that, "I call that a first-class job, by Cteorgo 1" > ?...???? It was certainly a moat complete piece of mechanism, every joint perfectly fitted, yet' perfection Is never altogether appreciated, and when Mrs. Jones, the landlady, deceived by the silence in supposing that Wentworth bad gone out, end thinking the present a., i . good time to fix up the room, came in, sho gave a scream of terror, and, on oatching her * breath, cried: " Laws, Mr. Wentworth, what a start that - horrid thing did give me. You're not going ? to keep that in the house, Mr. Wentworth ?" " Mrs. Jonee, let me present you to our dis-. tinguished fellow-lodger,' J. W. Stodgers. I venture to say that atnore complete o; band- - Homer sksleton csnnot bo found in Ann Arbor, Mrs. Jones, i£ I did wire bim myself. ? John W. will give you little trouble, Mrs. Jones, and if, when we're out, you give him a little touch up with the du?ter he will not only appreciate It, but you will also oblige, Mr. Smilie and myself, for we are partners in ;: J. "VV. Stodgers." "Meroy saltes, I'll never come into thia room if that skeleton is to be here." "Oh, John W. ia harmless. Besides, ho' ' has been in that box here for some weeks. I've only helped him to collect himself, as it were.",-... At this moment the lower jaw of the skull ? fa-Dpped with a olick to an angle of forty-five, and Mrs. Jones gave another little shriek aa ihe looked with averted gaze at the sort of dry, bony, silent, fixed laugh o£ the skeleton. ? !' That," said Wentworth, with pardonable . pride, "iB a little device of my own. That - jaw stays in place about half an hoar and then drops. By the way just notice what a lovely sot of teeth John W. has. That's the fault I find with most of onr American nkel?- tona._ They have poor teeth. It seemed to - Smilje and me that this fellow muet have been an Englishman, he had sach good grinders, so we christened him Stodgers, an 7 ? sriatooratio name over there I am told." " It gives me the chills to look at it," said Mrs. Jones. The fading afternoon light threw deep shadows in the eyeless sockets that gave Mrs. Jones an uneasy feeling that the skele ton was looking at her. , " That's because you always had 'Lits' .to board here instead of'Medic?.' You'll get ?Bcd to John W. He's an unobstrusive cubs. If everybody minded his own business with — the exolusivfiness J. W. does there wouldn't be much tronble in this world." Wontworth bitterly remembered thi? re mark later on. At this moment young Smilio camoin.- "By Jove," said. Smilie, in admiration," — " you've done that up tiptop, John. Thunder, I call that a triumph," and ho walked around 1 and took a Bide view of it. " That's what I call a deuced good job for a first attempt. Did you ever see anything handsomer. Mrs. Jones?" "Mrs. Jones thinks she has," said Went wortb. V . j' It's awful," shuddered Mrs. Jones, "To think that that was alive and walked aioand like the rest of us!" " 'And thou hast walked about, how strange a story,'" quoted Smilie. "That's so, it's rough on J. W., isn't it?" Mrs. Jones went down stairs and the modi* cal students olosed the door. " His jaw drops a little, John, said Smilie. "That's all right; Bho-.v the notion, yon know," and Wentworth with a ruler touched John W, under the chin and the two gleam ing rows o£ teeth camo together and remained in that fixed grin so characteristic of all skele tons. . - '" . Wentworth had placed a narrow table ngaiii?t the wall, and on it John W. Bat with his akull fastened to the wall bo as to keop ; s him upright, while his spindley white leg? dangled down and swayed gently to and fro, when the door opened or a breeze cama through the window. The medical students sat down, and Went worth was telling Smilio how he had over, come certain difficulties in articulation, when there entered with unnecessary ailenco a stranger. "Excuse me, gentlemen," he said. "Beg your pardon," said Wentwortb, "I didn't hear you knook." "I didn't knock." "Oh:" " Take a oliair," said Smilie. " I will stay but a few moments," replied the stranger. 0£ course neither oi the young men knew all the hundreds of students at the University, ? but they thought the stranger belonged toone of the departments, although it seemed odd . that he should enter without rapping. "Have a cigar," said Wentworth, pushing the box towards him. . , n " I come on business," said the other," and * do not smoke. That is my skeleton." ' "Oh, excuse cried Wontworth. "I articulated John W. myself." " Whom ? " " John W. We call him Stodgcrs. John W. : ? Stodgers." " Oh, yon do." "Yes. For convenience. Don't suppose that was his name." " It certainly wa? not." " How do yon linow ? " "Because I tell yon the skeletonismine." . Show him onr receipts for tho body, John; Yon don't understand, I guess, that Went- ? worth and I bought the body and have the r receipts. It's not a store skeleton. It is John's upper and my lower and bo we fixed op the bones ourselves." " I wish to see no rcoeiptn. Yon don't ap pear to understand me. When I was alive that Bkeloton was tho frame work of my ? body." " When you wore alive t" " Certainly." " What are you now t You don't mean to pretend thatiyou palm yourself oil as a ghost on us." _ "If yon have any doubt? about the matter, just throw that rnler at me." Stnilie at once took the stranger at his word and the ruler met no opposition, but apparent ly passed through tho spectre, and fell olattor ing to the floor. At that instant the jaw of the skeleton fell with its sudden olick, and in the silence that ensued it seemed to regard tho '? spirit with a sort of gleam of recognition. Wentworth walked across the room and picked up tho ruler. Coming back ho snapped tho jaws shut and sat down. ??? That's singular, to say the least, John," said Smilio, helplessly. At this moment there was a knock at tho door. " Come," shouted Srailie. > In 'to elpom they recognised TcmxFalme* " one of the students. ' '.'£iXOQS6 mo," Raid 'PnlT1j Bujnn a .ntmnM. present and preparing to withdraw." " No. no, coma in, Tom; you're just the man we want to see." Tom look the chair offered to hiib. , \"I doa'i justr know how to introduoo yocr," , (Ttf be Continued,) N 455. 