Sir ?Joleii ES«»!l»»ii'te4Ka IScfea'u&i.; Under date 'Clovolly, Juno 1.8, 1880,' Sir John Eobertsou has addressed ttws Electors ofMudgeo: — ' Dear Sirs, — The continued end increasing feebleness of my injured leg baa compelled ine, i however reluctantly, to resign my seat iir the | IjCginiauve .-\sseinDiy iiaonu UI yum; ri:[inat!nuuivi;s, , and thus escape the- long [and fatu sittings /which aro proving so injurious to me, and: which in my late position I could not avoid. . My vwork in 'the Assembly is now over, for I am convinced that my leg will never again be wolt enough to allow of liberties being taken with it. ' ?- It will not he difficult for any of you to imagine the extreme pain I feel at closing such a connection as ours, throughout which I enjoyed for thirty years your conlidcnce and kind regard. My own business affairs have ever been subordi nated to those connected with the public, but now imperatively demand what little- power I still possess. And even if thoy did not, I feel that it would be utterly hopeless for me, as I am now, to actively conduct, or even to any great extent assist to conduct tho party appeal to the constituencies which I am convinced must speedily occur. Besides, it may be that my retirement may facilitate now and beneficial combinations. Parting with you is scarcely more painful to me than parting with the Legislative Assembly, among whose members I well know I have .an over whelming majority of warm friends, and at this stage of my career I think I may hope no real enemies. — Your faithful servant.' That document is eloquent, even pathetic, even in its simple manliness. While think ing that the gallant old veteran has taken the right stop, we are unable to resist ex pressing our regret that the time should at last havo come when public life and he must sover thoir long connection. We trust- thnt tho decision is a final one ; and that Sir John [Robertson will not condescend to play tho part of one who ' often takes leave yet is loath to depart.' For over a quarter of a century, Sir John Robertson has boen our most continuously conspicuous public man, though mentally he never possessed the calibra of a Forster, a Martin or a Parkes. Not so ' slippery ' as Cowper, ho possesses much of the same sort of adroitness that characterised Sir Cbarlos, and whilo a thorough going partisan, so long as his party lasted, ho never much minded how frequently [ he changed it. Wo think Sir John deserves t a testimonial. Ho has spent liimself in the I service of tho colony. His record is a ' big ' one. Ho sat in the Legislative Council from April 3rd, 1861, to May 13th of same year ; again from Juno 24th to Deo. 30th, 18G1 ; nnd again from Dec. 21st, 1878, to 31st December, 1881. In the Legislative Assembly 1 ho lias sat in every ono of the Tivolve Parlia ments since the establishment of strictly [Responsible Governmont. In the 1st and 2nd Parliaments (with the exception of the period lie wns in tho Upper House) ho l represented the olectoral district of Phillip, i Brisbane and Bligh ; in tho 3rd tho Upper Huntor ; in the 4th, for part of tho time, t tho Upper Hunter, and for the remainder, 1 Shoalhaven ; in tho 5th, for part of tho time, I West Sydnoy, and -.for tho remainder, the | Clarence; in the Oth, 7th, and 8th, West Sydnoy ; in the Oth (with tho exception of tho [ period he was in the Council) part of timo, East Macquarie, and for the remainder, Mudgee ; and in tho 10th, 11th, and 12th Parliaments, Mudgee. He has boen thrice Promior, onco acting-Preniiorj . and, at differont timos, has hold tho portfolios of Lands and Public Works (before that do partment was divided ; of Lunds ; of Public Instruction ; of tho Colonial Secretaryship ; and of tho Vice-Prosidoncy of the Executive Council. He has sat in oloven Cabineis; and dolivorod a Budgot speech, though lie nevor actually hold tho position of Treasurer. In the course of his long public caroer.'lie has boen associated as a colleague with tlio following porsons — and a perusal of the list will show the broad political eclecticism of his. intellectual temperament Cowper, Martin, Parkes,' Forstor,- Stunrt, [Richard Jones, Robert Camphell, Weekes, ;T. A. Murray, Flood, Lutwyche, Bnyloy, :Dalloy. Harcrave, Dickson, Arnold, Smnrt, Darvall, 0\. Cowper. jun., Samuol, . M. : Burdokin,,! Plunkott, Cunnoon, Sutherland, Manning, Josophson, Salmons, Egm; Owen, Lord/ Bowie Wilson; Byrnes, Windovor, Docker, ? Garrott, Bakor, Laokoy; Lucas; Burns, Long, Combos, Jacob, ? Davios. : iWatson, - F. B.; Suttor, Innos, Foster. Wisdom, Hoskins, S. O. Brown, A. Campbell,: Ron wick, -Simpson, Spring, Garrard, Hoydon, J. H. Young, Vaughn, and' D. O'Connor.' As the onthusjastic, . earnest, persevering^ promoter of tlio settlement of ? the .People ? on tlio'' soil of tho colony, ho will bo known in, his-: tory,;- Just asj. the' .name vfif Parkes . will ho inseparably connected^ with .the Public In struction systomi-so'-willv that of ^Robertson ho linkod with tho principle of Froo Selec tion. That wns his main work — tho b rank- ing down of tho old squattocratic monopoly in the land ; and, not the less doos ho deserve tho highest, praiso for his liberalism and courage and untiring porsoverence in, carry- i ing that work to a successful conclusion, I iincuuso tno country lias outgrown tno need of tho furthor continuance of tho full opera tion of tho principle ho so so generously and devotedly associated. With no other groat measure of legislation is his namo associated in the same sort of way; though, as a rule. Ilia voice has always ' raisod and hir, voto given on the aide of progress. Ho wa3 not a hr.illiant administrator, because too onsy tempored. Ho was not exactly weak as the head of a department, neither wns ho suffi ciently resolute. As tho chief of a party, ho was in his best days null! sccundus. What Sir Henry Parkes said of Sir John on Friday, in the Legislative Assembly, whon tho hitter's resignation wa.i undor dis cussion, wns vory true: — ' In the person of tho man who has retired from amongst ns nil thoso qualities which net as a porsonal magnetism in attracting tho sympathies of othors were very conspicuous, nnd it is not surprising thnt he was liked and beloved by largo classes of this country so much for his persona! amiable „ qualities.' Sir John Robertson wns indeed a loveablo man. Evou his faults and inconsistencies touded somehow to niako peoplo liko him,, since almost ovory ono of- th'om was a virtue ' pro duced ' a littlo too far. So much, indued, and so gonornlly is ho bolovod, that a fail critical roviow of ' his. political carc or cannot bo. . expocted from :: this generation. But whon the history of the IRG0-'8(i poriod does como to bo impartially written, i wo doubt not that the namo of Joiin Roiihhtson will io coivo tho most lionorablo mention us that of a thoroughly patriot statesman who tried to do his diity by New South Walos: . To the retired veteran we wish many happy days of rest, surrounded in full store with those things which should, and in this case are sure to nccompuny old ago, as ' honor, lovo, obodioneo, troops of friends.' Whon fate shall summon him hence — nnd inay the days bo many ore that summons come!— wo venture to think thnt it will not bo easy to find a moro fitting epitaph for his tomb than tjio lines of Peacock's -j.' Three Timos Throo ' : — ^ None better knew the feast to sway, (Jr keep mii th!3 boat in bettor trim, ? For nature had but little clay - . Like that of which she moulded him. ' He kept at true good 'humour's mark - The social flov/ of pleasure's tide ; ' , . lie never made a brow look dark, . , , Nor caused a tear but when ho died. -' / No sorrow round his tomb should dwoll ; ? . More pleased hiB gay old ghost would bo , For'Fiineral song and passing-bell ' To boar no sound but Three Times TimEK. 