the! golden hope : ' A 'ROMANCE OF THE DEEP. " X dreamt a dream that wus not all a dream." BY W. OLARK RUSSELL. .Anthor of "A Sua Quhk.v," " Tub AViielik np THE : GnOSVKNOH," "A SaILOU's SWJiUT- heaitt," Ac. (The Right of Translation is Reserved.) CHAPTER XX.— (Coxtin iip.n.) " Tell yer what it is, unites," said Gold smith, "you may say it ought to be middiin' warm in these parts, but its blasted cold to tny notion." " Light u pipe," said 1 luck. , - jimmy, saiu Ureecues, meaning ltitts, who was at the helm, ' told me this after noon that he was shipmates with a man who knew a sailor tliut had murdered a young person lie was kcepin' company with. He hid the body and sailed away ; but tho girl went with him. if lie jumped nloftshe was on the footrope alongside of liim. if lie took the wheel she'd be holding the lee pokes. If he looked over tho side he'd see lier in the water. When he came homo she tepped on to the quay with him, and Jimmy aid that his mate t'oid him that when the man stepped over to tlie side the young person made liim take a eoaeh and go down to where her body wus and dig it up and look at it, which lie did, and theu she made bim take the coach back agnin and go to the police and tell 'cm lie had murdered her." " Conscience is the name of that there ghost," said Duck. Conscience be blowcd !" cried Breeches. " Meau to tell me a man as can murder a young woman's got any conscience "Look here !" said the cook, " what Fm a thinking of is this : what's this here woyage about There was a short silence. Whether," continued tlie cook, " gliosis is to be believed in or to be denied of, J don't mean to take a hand in searching after t.heui. if Johnny here ain't a liar, that parson there's gone and bought this hooker 'spressly to find out a hislund on which something that came to him when he wus'abed said it lived. I for one didn't sign for a job of this kind, and my opinion is that we ought to speak to the captain, and Jam from tlie captain hisself what his mo tives are." - i At this moment Stone, who had been eating his supper iu the eabjn — the last meal ou bonrd ship is always called supper, though ashore it would he called tea — came on deck and took a turn or two along the gangway, iirst casting a glance aloft, then running his eye round ihe sea till he came to the sinking.. sun that was then a truly glorious spectacle of ilame and color, inso much that tlie mere reflection of it in the sea yielded a score of shining and exquisite tints from the burning red ou tlie horizon to tlie delicate amber that came sifting through tlie water to tlie schooner's side, where it. died out and left the sea on the port beam a rich violet. This the old sailor stood gazing at for some mo ments with the sort, of reverence in his face that the grandeurs and beauties of nature excite iu plain and simple minds, after which his eye was taken by tlie crew talking together on the forecastle, it was imme diately evident to him that they had got ' under weigh with some topic, of more than usual interest, and. observing tlmt they all looked1 towards liim as if tlioy had a mind to speak, he quietly walked forward with a careless glance . at tlie forctopsail, as if ills idea was to see that all was right, that way, until lie. came to the windlass end, where he stood lightly looking round him. "Mr. Stone," suddenly exclaimed the cook, " could ye tell us what this here woyngc is undertaken for?" " Undertaken for I" answered Stone, startled by the abruptness of tlie question, and also at a lass, instantly noticed by the men, who exchanged glances, " Why, why, d'ye mean to say you don't remember what you signed for '!" " Yes," replied the cook ; " I signed for tlie woyage from the port of London to n hisland in the Indian Ocean and bank. We was to go. out and return in ballast, aud L understood it wur to be a sort of pleasure cruise, a kinder yaehtin' job." " That's it, Mickey," exclaimed Goldsmith, who of all t-lie men had apparently been rendered the most uncomfortable liy Johnny's story. : " Well," cried Stone, " and who's said it ain't to be a sorter pleasure cruise, a kiuder yaehtin' job uc-i you cull it, eh I What d'ye suppose the object is — piracy .' if that were it you may reckon we'd need more muscle than what's to lie got onto' tlie likes of tlmt suet," pointing to tho fat arms of tlie cook. " Tell yo what it is, Mr. Stone," said Breeches, " We've la rut that there's something sooper- nat'rul as tlio sayin' is, in the parson's in tentions aiidjthough I don't believe in ghosts myself, 1 am not agoin' to help in any job I can't see daylight through." "Ghosts'/" cried old Stone; "what are you till kin' alxmt I Who's been a jawiu' to you about ghosts!" " Callin' names and insulting of people ain't .answering questions." said the cook, viciously. " Will you please tell us what this here woyage is undertaken for ?" The men again noticed the disconcerted expression in the old chap's face. He glanced aft- and observing that Mr. Fur- teseue had left, the duck, motioned to Hiram, who was watching tlie crew as though lie had now gue.-tfied that something more than mere " yarning" was keeping tlie fellows together. As ihe captain walked forward iu strides as long as a tragedian's, the eye would have been taken by the lovely sea-piece of that moment, the niry splendor in the west, the velvet-like blue in tlie cast, the oeenu line going round in a soft sweep of iudigo tilL it met the dying glory where it was reflected, the sails of the schooner standing briUiant. as white plumage against the pure wimlward dusk, the little crowd of men forward where the windlass was, and where the foremast rose yellow, with its black 'shrouds mid snowlike cloths, to tlie golden shining ; and rhe sand-colorcd deck aft, tenanted by a solitary figure at the tiller. " What's the matter?" said Hlrum. " Why," responded Stone, " here's Bill Breeches askin' if their ain't something soo- periiaturnl in this voyage; talking about ' gliosis 'and the likes of such stuff ; mid here's Mickey Anson inquirin' what it is he signed for?" ."I know what I signed for, eapt'n," answered tlie cook, " and 1 likewise know what I didn't sign for." " Look here 1" interrupted Hiram, " what's the matter ? that's what 1 want to know." " Well, I'll tell yer what's tlie .matter," re sponded Breeches ;" you an' the parson an' Mr. Stone here had a private conversation iu the cabin ut, noon." " Well ?" thundered Hiram. "Well," continued Breeches, easing down his delimit manner a bit, in the teeth of the skipper's resolute, . frowning stare, " we ouderstund that the parson gnvn you a . varsionof his. reason in buyin' this wessol . and sailing of her. to theliindie Ocean tlmt ' was as unbeknown to you and Mr. Stone lis it was to us." " Weil ?" shouted Hiram. " Well," proceeded Breeches, " what we »re informed is that a ghost appeared to tlie parson aud wrote down n hislund and said she was upon it. and she begged of liim to . come by Impelling her arms out to him, and that's why lie bought the schooner, i tell yer," said the man, waxing defiant again, and seeking encouragement in tlie look3 of the men around liim, " that I don't believe in gliosts, I don't know nothen about 'em and don't want to ; but we're agreed that parsons arc, people as may get hold o' no tions which plain sailors would rather not help 'em to carry oilt.'d'ye see, eapt'n, an' if so be- " Hiram and Stone lmd been staving at each other; the former at this point yelled out, . " Who told you tlmt we hud a private con versation in tlio cabin ?" The cook said " Johnny." Hiram stretched forth his long arm and collared the ; youth with lingers like steel hooka. " How did yer know wo had a pri vate conversation iu tlie cabin ?" ho roared. The lad's knees knocked each other as he replied. " i was a hit tired and 1 tamed into the spare bunk, an' when you an' the parson an' tho mate came down I — I lay still — not choosin' — being nfeared — hi ! hi !" It was bound to eouie, mid for a long minute Johnny was eiitting wild capers to mid rais ing boisterous shouts over a regular down right pld-fasliipiicd ropes-ending all of the oldentime. Tlie crew accepted this as a matter of course, waited with impatience for Jiiram to recover ids brcutli. The iirst words lie said were : " Breeches, you're an old fool." " What d'ye call me tlmt for ?" cried the ,cmn. (TO JJK UONTINUKD.) 