FREETRADE v, PROTECTION. [TO THE EDITOR.] Sir, — It gives me pleasure to reply to your correspondent 'A. B ' on the above subject, and I feel obliged to him for some of the in formation supplied — especially that item in reference to the charges on American rail ways. So far as farming is concerned, it can be shown that protection is unnecessary. In relation to this subject two things are to be considered — first, that the railways in A — — - ? - — _ _ _ ^ L __ AM A HtAwlf America tuo uvvmju uy uuuip&uues; wyia. them with no other object than of making a profit ; and, secondly, that our railways -are-owned-by-the people,- and ~were_ con structed for the special purpose of opening up the country ; and on that account our ' rates should be even lower than those charged on the American railways, especially when we consider the facilities we have for pro curing coal, there being seams on all the great trunk lines. Your correspondent says — 'Wheat is carried on their (the American) railways at j less than £d. a ton per mile, while we ; are charged five.' Now, sir, he could never have given these figures a moment's thought, or he would have seen that the difference between the American rate and ours (from Cootamundra) is a trifle over 5Jd. a bushel ; so that, if our rates were reduced to the same as those charged on the American lines, it would amount to within a £d. as much encouragement as-that recently askedfor by ' the farmers ; but, I would ask, of what use is it , seeking to impose a burden on the! people when a little good management will make the required difference, for, as I have before shown, no system can prosper under bad management. With ' A.B's.' object I am in perfect sympathy, the point of difference is the method of securing it. By all means the farmers should demand reducedrates — should -band themselves together as one man to.. ? secure^this advantage ; and, seeing that there ? i ? - la; can nttruiy uw a umtntmuu ui upiuiuu uu uuio subject, it would be well to form leagues throughout the electorate for this special purpose, and pledge their members to sink party differences and vote against any candi date who would not pledge himself to do his best to have them reduced. I shall now briefly criticise your corres pondent's letter. JELe is not a protectionist. A part of the creed of protectionists is that 'competition and rivaly bring down the prices to the benefit of the people.' Grant ing that protection was successful in what is claimed for it, it will be seen that it is precisely what farmers do not want, for, if protection benefits farmer^', it must work for them in a special manner by raising the price of their products, while it either re duces, the prices of other protected -products or leaves them at their present level, which is absurd. Why do not protectionists, trace out the' working of their system and not rely1 on the opinions of others ? ' A. B.' does* not attempt to do so, neither do any of its ' advocates in Parliament ; they base all their arguments on assertion, which stands | — for nothing, and statistics, which can be' made to prove anything. Then, again, he says that continental nations have not adopted free-trade; but would our 'wage-earning' class go to any of those countries to improve their condi tion? With regard to America, has the nnndifinn nf fhft ' ?arAOA-nftrnfirn' imnrnvfirl their under protection. For answer read Mr. Reid's speech, which tells us- also that protection between state and state is un known, . and yet it is against Victoria that farmers' seek to be protected, and contrast the condition of ? England under free-trade j — -witty America under protection. Why,- ini England more privileges are being granted to wage-earners every year, The voting pbwer has been increased from three to five miihone,/.and for the first time in English history working men have been made justices ofithe peace, while in America the- unequal ' distribution of wealth and power iB becoming: more apparent, every year. , A moneyed; 'ariltobra'cy has sprung up who prescribe that a certain amount of jewellery must be worn'' as a qualification to b'e invited to — ^certain social festivities. Will any one tell iiiriie that 'the condition of thd wbtking classes '.?is improving ? My answer is, it ifc impossible ; you cannot fill one .vessel without emptying' vandther. — -Ai ' IP shall only -occupy your space with one thing mora (though ifc were easy to answer the whole. . of the letter). Your correspon dent evidently approve^ of Mr.Copeland's wretched retaliatory policy,' which j if carried out; can only end in estrangement between . the colonies and render union impossible. There is a system of diplomacy so simple all can practice it, and so effectual that it never . fails— it is to keep on the : even tenor of our ; . way, let others descend to schemes and dodge's, let us do right, and Tve cannot fail. ' Corrup tion wins not more than honesty ,n Itwould: be easy to q^uote history to prove this, but it! will be soon enough to do that\ivheiu„it is: questioned It is to be regrettea\that Vic-i , tona has been so Unneighbourly, in thei matter /f free interchange of colo^al.-pro-! ducts ;/but we descend to her level if we retaliate, and a useless bitterness: w^-uld be the insult. Has Victoria profited by her policy? No. The reason why they haye goti ahekd of us in some things is that thej^ have bei^'n nut on their mettle and have had to exercise their ingenuity to keep their people pom starving. They have, too, a better system of Government than we have, andjj members are elected there to attend national questions, and not to get roads ana bridges for their constituents, for here any one can get returned time after time for a country constituency in spite of the fact that he has violated his hustings pledges in the most shameful manuer, if he only possesses enough iufluenct; to get a smaiL sum oi money spent in his eleotorate. Thus, it can T . be shown that other causes besides prof ection have helped to keep up the prosperity _ of Victoria. A story that illustrates protection is that of the Irishman, who, being afraid of ghosts, used to cover his head for fear he would see one — his blankets were short, and drawing them over his head used to uncover his feet ; he tried to make them longer by cutting piecos off the top and sewing^ them on the bottom : that is what protectionists propose doing. The blanket represents the wealth circulating among the poorer classes : we all feel it is sufficient, and protectionists propose to make it greater by taking a portion of it from one of these classes and giving it to another. My remedy would be to get a piece from another-blanket-and-sew— ? it on, and I would do this by taking off taxation from the nomforta and necessaries of life and levying it on land and luxuries. The population of the colony is taxed to the extent of £2/8/- per head, which means that on an average every bread-winner has to pay about £9/12/- a year in taxes ; now, suppose we remit one-half of that by making the rich pay it out of their abundance, the health of the working classes would be in creased by about one million two hundred thousand' a' year. At some future time I may send you a scheme of taxation, though any system that can be devised can afford only temporary relief. The real cure does not lie in either freetrade or protection, but in land nationalisation —Yours, &c.;, HARRY BOWDITCH. P.S. — Since writing the above my conten tion that farmers will reap no advantage from protection, if the result prove satisfac tory to its advocates, has been more than fully borne out by a speech made in the Assembly by an advocate of protection — Mr. Melville — which I give as reported in the Daily Tele graph of 1st July; as it speaks for itself, comment is unnecessary : — ' ' He denied that the imposition of duties would make things dearer. In Sydney the duty on mazena and kerosene had rendered those articles cheaper, ? and in Victoria bread could be obtained a penny a loaf cheaper than in Sydney.' — H.B. Farmers' Trains. — The following return has been laid upon the table of the Assembly relating to the cost and earnings of farmers' special trains. Total cost, including charges of every kind : — Southern Line : 9th Decem ber 1885, £266/1/6; 21st January 1886, £216/7/4 ; 25th February 1886, £159/5/5 ; 25th March 1886, £155/13/10; 10th June ? .1886, £144/15/5. Western line : 9th Decem ber 1885, £165/11/8; 28th Januarv 1886, £18^g#; 4th March 1886, £167/0/3 ; 1st. Apijj|T886, £125/18/3; 17th June 1886, £iUBPL j0/1-1. Northern line : 9th December, 1 MR £189/9/ : 19th January 1886, £203/9/; afn February 1886, £189/9/ ; 1st April E, £iyi/i3/; stn June, 1886, fiyu/2/4. I earnings and net profits per mile : — hern line; Total earnings, £2,281/9/8; net profits per mile, £1/5/1. Western line : f 18/19/5: net profits per mile, £1/6/5. £1292/11/; net profits, the Northern line on the 9th December 1885, and 19th January 1886, there was a loss per train per mile of 2/5 and 1/6 respectively. The total mileage run was 14,480 miles, the revenue returned having been £2813/16/8. Nothing was allowed in the foregoing statement for the costs of the return journey, as the passengers returned by detachments with the ordinary trains. Under the present arrangements the out going train, termed a tourists' train, also . brings in a revenue, as it takes the carriages into the country necessary to bring back the persons travelling by the farmers' trains to Sydney. — S. M. Herald. 