0ide Licp Oi)' ^IfSTliAL1 AN S 0 0 IE T Y (ilY itimu/HiO v,DOffS WHO WANT SITUATIONS. m„( mum Is lesion, Thorci Is tho middlo-agod IJ not long o«t ^'om Maglund, and nlwa'ys i"HtW tor oxllo l» 'l wll01'° ljloocl goos-.for tlnK.'siiolstlio widow of! an odloor In tho army, Lii'snsnmll pension, which alio la willing to H tencnt by undertaking tho management oil a establishment, and tho odiiaatlon. of hla tauten. SI") 'lns fii'latocratlo connections In tho old IsoKy, ««(l kool's t)l0 fnob voiy ln'otnlnont In hor L«mtlon tlmt alio hud tho prlrllago of training tho lingers of poor, doav Lord Noddlngton, Sho knows !„(,of so modern an Institution aa tho Cambridge1 IdK.vrtdiinations; but, on tho othor hand sho oon lito Hint hor long and varied oxporlonoo of men and Isunersought to count for a good doal. ' " * # ' f/(H widow is not troubled with too low an opinion |:ltoielf, She lias tho " gift of tho gab," and talks i me purpose, Sho bollcvos in horsolf, and can lib others bollovo In hor, Sho oxpoota hor vnluablo liiiwj to he handsomely rewarded, ' Sho Is vary luflioit on this point, Sho la always richly drossod, ll# her gowns havonsomowhat antiquatad out, aa If |n fondness for old families, old ohlna, and old iitms Imd extended Itself to hor garmonts. This Iriiw seldom condcsoonda to advortiso hor acoom pmcnts; and whou sho dooa, gives " Osborno " or J'btaoral" ns tho addross which Inquiring widowers jstoiueln writing to hor j thereby imparting an jut,'.ratio flavor to ao common a thing as' a nowapapor plwthemcnt, ! usually 1ms ft much better timo of it than tho jpkimm, to whom ft salary is roally of importance, lis takes up hor nboclu in. tho houso of ft wealthy 1,utter, whose svlfo has gone to a bettor land, find is piknul a person of no Uttlo importance. # - # * sue takes her duties ot preceptress very lightly, find peipally occupies herself, ns fur as lior pupils tiro areal, in admonishing them to nvoid vulgar oom jiBwisliips, In the country society she is thought a ■ |;i? charming woman, She is an amusing cotn Iwn.aml entcrtulna hor omployor and his friends in drag winter evenings by tolling thom stories of jr fouls among tho ISngUsh aristooraoy, Those rfehit is needless to any, aro improvod by tho fertile lunation of a clover woman. I * * [hEiiE is the gushing young widow, who is quite. f>"c,aad who, by hor own showing, Is willing to j'"/thing, 'i'hlg widow, soraotlmos, not often, be "Jalady.help, Lady-helps are now played out, so j lf5s' ^ Iftdy-ticlp is tin anomalous oroaturo in an par ous position. Situations ns lady-hoips aro more I''' ^'tr ^ inexperienced girls than by widows* I1-, who employ lady-helps, are tisually stingy Sr-V to extract from a lady, for small pay, or | all, nn amount of work that they would not 'N upon a servant. When tho gushing young r*'1® beeomn - 1-1 * " tuu gnamng young l'"-3 iconic a lady-help I cannot say that the Wuciit ia successful, She la ao eager to prove her ,->f'"lc hrst half of har name, that she forgets the ^'^hor, She goes Into the kitchen to make a l linf' weai'ing tho prottlcst laoo-trimmud cap and ^^SiiiaUe, gjie takes up tho roller with _the f M"iKtc83 about to perform a religious oerotnonyi | ®uful to remove a jewelled ring or two fi'om F^tT v' t0 S^°VV s^10 ^l!l3 never been used to The pudding that she makes is tough and. "tit lies been made by a lady, which ought Pfofttho; *-*J »«• J »-» 130 who have Injured their digostions by Ks i"? ^tw"oss widows of public men, who arc 1,0'-out 5or well-paid Government appoint munis, and who condescend to Hpoticl tliu public moneys but) arc fur too grand to perform their duties con scientiously. -And thoro are the penniless widows of nobody In particular, whom tho stress of circumstances force to gob their own living, i.; . :, . # * * , A vot/NCl woman of my acquaintance who belonged to the lnttor olnss was made destitute by tho sudden death of a doating bub extravagant liusband, RSho did not at onoo tako up the position of u widow who wanted a situation, She had no onoumbranoos in tho shnpo of ohlldron, and for a time followed tha pleasant booupatlon, of lcooplug house for a bachelor brother, This, howovar, aould not last. She felt that her time was short, Hor broth or was sure to marry, Ho was not overburdened with rlehos, and she would be thrown on tho world, * * YinUA was a oharmlng and protby woman, and 1 should do hor wrong whore X nob to admit that while mistress of hor brother's establishment sho did not spare any trou bio to show his baeholor friends what a groat and delightful diiferonao a woman makos in a house, Perhaps she showed hor oards a lltbio too oponly. Porhaps sho made tho meshes of hornet a little too visible. Gortalu it is, that though sho had friends and admirers in plenty among her male ac quaintances, nob one of thorn, at this time, showod any inclination to marry her. This was nob Vidua's fault, but that of hor Into husband. I have spolcon of his sudden donth. Ho had perished by his own hand whilo in a fever, brought on by troubles not uncon nected with bank accounts and bills of oxohango, To bo plain, ho had committed forgery, Vidua wm blamoloss In tho mutter. For lior sake an attempt liacl boon made to koop It cpdot, but this had boon useless. She was young and full of hopo, She failed to soo that hor life should bo blasted by an action for which she had not boou responsible, Un fortunately tho marrying men of hor acquaintance lookod at tho matter from a different standpoint. They liked Vidua—they admirod hor—but not one oE thorn was bravo enough to tako to his hoart and homo tho widow of a man who had so narrowly escaped oakum ploklng, It is bad onough for a man to havo the ghost of any ilrst husband standing botwoon him and his wife, But a ghost ipicking oakum—the baro idea is horrlblo. Vidua, however, did Jiot dospalr, She had a fair sliaro of good looks. She was hardly in hor thirties, Sho was musical. Sho had charming man ners, More than all, sho had tact. And weighing all those things in tho balanoo against tho faot of hor husband's suioido, sho made up her mind that it would not bo hor fault if sho booamo a widow who wanted a situation. * * At homo, sho was a model housewife j abroad, a delightful oompanion. Sho smiled with equal swoot noss and .persistency on old and young bact.olors and 'old and young widowors. And all with no effect. In vain did she seek to set off hor good looks to tho greatest advantage by beaoming dresses. In vain did sho haunt tho precincts of the block. Hor predictions with regard to her brother wore fulfilled. Ho bocamo cngagod to be married. I think Vidua then became a little reckless. Sho tired of posing as a practical, pious, poetical and altogether perfect being. * * I met her at a ball about this time, when her dross and deportment were not marked by tho decorum, sho had so successfully affected. She indulged in a good deal of flirtation, not of the quietest kind, and the style of hor ball- tollotto showed that sho was not quito so clover an anatomist as Miss lloso Cleveland. A friend of Vidua romarked to mo, with brutal frankness, that her gown was too low and too short. I felt sorry for her then, I felt still more sorry for her, when I heard that hoi- brother had married, and that sho was a widow who wanted a situation. Sho advertised in a daily paper to tho offiect that a young widow-lady educated, musical, and domosticatod, was willing to tako charge of a widower's establishment. When I saw the advertisement, I knew that Vidua was playing her last card. She was answered by a gentleman, living in one o£ those delightful country townships, popularly supposod to be the abode of peace, really the abodo of dullness, enlivened by gossip, lie professed himself perfectly satisfied with her testi monials, and sent her a Post Office Order to pay her travelling expeuses to Dullham House, near Slow mora. When Vidua arrived, she was met by ashy, nervous middle-ago man, who remarked to her at their first moeting, "My children do not know, I have advertised —you had better let them thiuk we .are old friends." . m # * Vidua saw at a glance that to conquer tho proprietor of Dullham House, would be an easy mattor. In fact ho had paved tho way for her, by giving out that she :\vns his second cousin. To make horself attractive in his eyes was not in the least difficult to so exprienced a woman. When 1 last hoard,of her, it was as the mistress of Dullham House. 