BY T. MALCOLM WATSON* I hail written a novel which, I may say wihout affectation, had been received, alike by the public and the press, with marked favour. Possibly the generous reception extended to it may, in some measure, have been the result of my own frankness in at once acknowledging the source from which I had drawn my inspi ration. Nevertheless, I am, I think, jus tified in saying that the book owed its success loss to the intricacy of il.‘ plot than to the adroit manner in which the incidents were handled, and, abovo all, to the subtle analysis of a mind gifted beyond the common. The volume Inis been so recently ill the bands of readers, and by them so fully discussed, that I feel a not unnatural diilidcnce in referring to it here in any thing like detail. If there is one thing I dislike more than another, it is the thrust ing of my own personality beforo the public. But, unfortunately, I have no option in the present instance; I have given asolemn pledge under circumstances of peculiar gravity, and the responsibility rostingon me until that pledge is redeemed cannot readily be over-estimated. I have —unwittingly, it is true—perpetrated a serious wrong against a fellow- creature, and the only method open to mo of un doing the evil thus wrought is to make my recantation no less public than the error which renders it necessary. Although, therefore, I do not fool called upon to enter with any degree of minute ness into the particulars of my story—a task particularly distasteful to one of my modest disposition—I am forced to call to tile reader’s memory one or two of the leading events set forth in its pages. It will bo remembered that in the preface I at once, as I have said, dishanned hostile criticism on the score of originality by can didly declaring the basis of my talo to be tbe account of a certain trial for murder, which I had unearthed from an old news paper. It would, however, ho unfair to my own share in the work did I not add that the details there given were of tho most meagre kind—a veritable skeleton in fact from which not only every vestige of flesh had long since disappeared, but which, during these years of sepulture, had lost a goodly number of its original hones ; and among those many of its most important. To me, then, fell the task of rehabilitating this time-worn structure—of clothing it again, so to speak, with its former wrappings—and of imparting to it such vitality as might prove acceptable to the public of the present day. The newspaper report to which I have alluded was short and to many might seem prosaic. Jt told in concise language how a certain Benjamin North had becu tried I and convicted of the murder of his wife, Hypatia, which crime no doubt, although the fact remained unrecorded, lie in due course expiated on the scaffold. Tho evidence went to show that for many years previous to their marriage the union of tlicse two. had been looked upon as propablo, ai*d that only a series of malign influences had prevented the consum mation of their hopes at an earlier period. Their'happiness, however, was fated to bo of brief duration. Shortly after the wedding, Hypatia—no longer, be it said, in tho first bloom of her youth—developed symptoms of ill-health. The circumstance did not pass unobserved by her husband, in whose favour it was urged at the trial that no one could have displayed greater patience or devotion. The haunts of her earlier days were forsaken, and old friends saw almost nothing of their former com rade. On the rare occasion which found him absent from his wife’s side it was ap parent, morover, that ho had changed greatly. His manner was moro serious and at times even depressed. A certain gloom had settled upon his face, and his very gait betrayed a mind anxious and harassed. The sudden death of his wife followed soon after. Of ils cause there never was the slightest doubt: a day or two pre viously North bad purchased a quautity of arsenic with the ostensible purpose of giving it to his horses to improve the ap pearance of their coats. It was clearly proved, and indeed was never denied, that his wife’s deatli had resulted from a dose of this very poison. The defence appears to liavo been con ducted on the most primitive lines. A idea certainty was advanced that the woman had, either by accident or design, taken tho arsenic herself; but as no evi dence was adduced in support of tho as sertion, tho man’s case quickly fell to the ground. Nor, from what I could gather, did tho result causo him cither surprise or uneasiness. Like the Greeks of old, ho seemed to see in his approaching doom the hand of fate from which no mortal aid could save him. Such was the framework upon which I had avowedly built up m'y story, carry ing candour even so far as to give chapter and verse for my authority. And although it may, at first glance, bo thought that the narrative contained little either of an extraordinary or sensational nature, to me there was much both keenly pathetic and dramatic in it. I conjured up the early .struggles of these loving hearts — the long, slow years of waiting until their hopes at last should be crowned with fruition. In Hypatia I re cognised a woman of a trusling and loyal disposition ; in North a man of lofty, if somewhat self-contained, character. And towards these two, just as tho cup of happiness was raised to their lips, the hand of deatli was seen to stretch forth, and the inevitable end to approach. That North was convinced of his wife’s near dissolution I had no doubt, and that he felt the coming separation even more acutely than herself was no less clear to mo. And so ho had taken his determina tion. If they might no longer live to gether, death at least should not part them. Imbued with this resolve, ho had purchased the poison, intending to make away with both his wife and himself. But, aftor administering her portion, his nervo had failed him ; and before ho could summon up courage sufficient to complote hfe purpose, justico was on his track. Nevertheless, when his fate came, ho met it calmly andhcroicalty, conscio us that if ho had sinned in act he was at least innocent in intention. The character of tho man had grown upon me with wonderful vividness, and I had taken tho greatest pains to portray the motives by which lie liacl been animated. Tho success of the book may be accepted as some indication that my efforts were not wholly in vain. Some few weeks aftor its publication I was sitting ono evening alone in my study. It was close upon midnight, and I had already been writing for soveral hours, as it was necessary the work I had iu hand I should bo finished by a specified time, and * 1 was anxious to keep faith. Jlist at that i w-oment I found myself brought to a stop 1 I by the want of certain data, which I re- 1 | aicmbcrcd were to bo found in ono of my 1 reference-books. Being desirous to com plete tho article before retiring for the : night, I accordingly laid aside my pen, i and proceeded downstairs in pursuit of the 1 volume in question. A few minutes’ search sufiiced to pro- : vide me with what I required, and, taking tho book in my hand, I returned once 1 more to my work. Entoring the room ' hastily, it was not until 1 readied my place at tho table that I noticed tho chair l opposite to mo to be occupied. I 1 must confess to considerable surprise and even some little alarm at tho appari- i tion of a stranger in my house. With the i exception of tho servants Hive alone, and certainty I had no recollection of having invited anyone of this gentleman’s appear- i ance to call on me at so unseemly an hour i as midnight. Besides, how had he con trived to enter without making himself I hoard ? : “ Good evening, sir,” ho said with a strong provincial accent, as I took my . “ Good evening,” I replied, not very cordially, perhaps ; but under the circum stimees an absence of warmth might be excused. “Ifcar, however,” I continued, “.T liavo not the advantage of knowing whom I am addressing.” i. As I spoke I made a hasty survey of tho stranger in the hope of recalling the occasion on which wo had met before. But my efforts were in vain. His features seemed wholly unknown to me. ii These, it may bo observed, wore suffi ciently remarkable to leave a lasting im pression upon a memory less retentive than my own. But what struck me most forcibly in this first examination was tho old-fashioned air of the man ; an impros- | sion,»by tho way, considerably heightened by liis stylo of costume, which appeared to be modelled upon a pattern fashionablo in tho years of this century, but curiously out of keeping with tho present-day fur nituro of my room. The other points in particular attracted my attention: tire first, that ho was a very small man—so small, indeed, that as ho sat on a not in ordinately high chair, his feet did not even touch tho ground, but hung sus pended in mid-air, oscillating backwards ’ and forwards like a pair of pendulums ; the other, that his face was exceedingly red and chubby. There was, moreover, a good-natured twinkle about hia evc3 which . immediately suggested to tho observer a power of appreciating a joke, if not of too subtle an order, quite equal to the average. Although I myself was unconscious of having given utterance to anything par 1 ticularly humorous, he seemed to draw from my reply a considerable fund of amusement, for it set him laughing some what boisterously. “And yet,” ho an swered, “ there’s nobody living knows— or thinks ho knows—more about mo and my doings than yourself.” “ You must bo labouring under some mistake,” I rejoined gravely. “ Unless my memory greatly deceives me, we have never mot before to-night, so that it is impossible I should bo acquainted with your history.” “ That’s precisely what I have come to complain about,” said the little man, turning a shade redder, and with a touch of irritation in his voice ; “ you admit you have never seen me before—know nothing of my thoughts, actions, manners, or tastes, and yet, forsooth, you coolly con stitute yourself my biographer!” “ Your—your—what ?” I queried. “ My biographer,” replied tho stranger. “ My name, sir, is North—Benjamin North—and I’ve taken some little trouble, let me tell you, to come hero to- night, that I may have the satisfaction of a per sonal expiatin'inn with the gentleman who has been good enough to writo my life.” I sat bade in my chair speechless, over come with the variety of emotions which crowded upon me. But what, perhaps, oppressed me more than any, was the thought that I had been basety tricked and deceived. 2'ish Bonjamin North— red-faced, commonplace, fat little person, theprototypeof that high- soulcdandgentlo man whoso' career I had traced with so loving a hand ? It was impossible ; or, if it were indeed true, then I had been deeply wronged : robbed of what is dearest to the writer's heart—a noble “ I thought I should surprise you,” he resumed, “ and I’m glad to find that you have at least tho grace to be silent. But d on’ {'suppose I’ve come all the way from the other world simply to taunt you. No, sir, in so acting I had a dclinito object in viewk-an object, moreover, I intend shall bo accomplished before I return.” Ho paused for a moment, whether from ex citement or want of breath I was unable to determine, but quickly continued in an impressive tone, contrasting ludicrously with his appearance, “ You, sir, have done me a Serious injury.” As ho said these words I felt inclined to break into a hysterical laugh at the absurdity of the accusation, but with a strong effort I controlled myself. “ I do not,” I observed, “quito understand what grounds you have for complaint.” No sooner had I spoken than I would have given much to recall the sentenco. Tho effect upon Mr. North was so decided as to cause me serious alarm. His face became purple, and I feared every instant to see him roll off his seat in a fit of apoplexy. Tho horrible thought forced itself upon me : what if I were left with the corpse of a ghost upon my hands? Fortunately, however, I was spared that calamity, for, recovering himself, he again addressed me, tills timo almost savagely— “ ‘ Grounds for complaint 1’ ho echoed. 1 Why’, sir, putting aside all question as to facts, regarding which, by the way, you aro about as far wrong as a man can be, whore, may I ask, did you find authority for the character you have given me ?” The question certainty nonplused me not a little. “I—I must allow,” I answered, “ I drew that from my imagin “ ‘ Imagination 1 ’ ho replied in an accent of the most profound contempt. ‘ Exactly; you novel-writers seem to fancy that the moment you have uttered shibboleth “Imagination” tho last word has been said. It never occurred to you, I suppose, to think what my feelings might be on tho subject ?’ “ I confess,” I returned, somewhat humbly, “ I had not given that point tho consideration it doubtless deserved. You must remember, however,” I added in extenuation, “ that you had been dead some seventy years or more. Moreover, I took the precaution of changing your name.” “ ‘ That’s good,’ retorted the little man, swinging his legs to and fro with addi | i tional force. Really, you are too conside rate. And such a disguise, too ! No body, of course, could possibly recognise Benjamin North under the pseudonym of 1 Benjamin South.’ ‘ ‘ The two names are at least as far apart ’ as the poles,” I suggested with a vacuous 1 smile, hoping to turn the mattor into a ’ humorous channel. 1 “ ‘Egad ! j’ou’vc a pretty wit,’ he an swered, ‘a most excellent wit.’ Then, i waxing warmer—1 Damme, sir ! I’ve ■ known a man run through tho body for a worse joke.’ ■ I hastened to express my satisfaction 1 that the quality of mine was not such as ; to call down upon mo a similar fate. 1 But I spoke to regardless ears, for, paying no heed to my interruption, Mr. North ’ again proceeded to the attack:— _ 1 “ ‘ Come, sir, let’s have a look at tliia precious book of yours. You’ve a copy under your hand, 1 see. There are one or two passages I’d liko to have the 1 pleasure of hearing you repeat aloud. Suppose wo begin with page twenty The consternation visible upon my face at this i>roposal brought back my interlo cutor to a pleasanter stato of things, and a look of marked content settled upon hU features as lie said, with a grim chuckle, ‘It isn’t every day an author has the privilege of declaiming his own pro ductions to so appreciative an audi Recognising the futility of resistance, I took up the volume and opened it at the point indicated. As I read, the words seemed to take a new and unnatural meaning, and I could hardly realise that they were the same which, an hour ago had appeared so full of power and descriptive insight. “ ‘ The laws which regulate Nature and Humanity,’ I began, in a hard, spasmodic I voice, ‘ while working towards tho same ends, have each their different methods of attaining results. With tho former the thing that is precious is too often hidden beneath a valueless husk ; with the latter seldom or never. So it was in Benjamin South’s case. The noble soul within was adumbrated by tho lofty expression of his face ; the unconscious yearnings of a higher nature were traced upon every line of his features. Tall and meagre, almost to emaciation, his very person indicated i a disregard for all sensual pleasures, which, it was manifest, swept past shame stricken and abashed, leaving him pure and unsullied as the soft white light of the crescent moon.” “ ‘ It’s a little mixed,’ said my listener, with a grin of malignant pleasure, ‘ but it describes me to the life. And your elocutionary style brings out the points with such vividness, that you really must allow me to congratulate you upon it. Pray continue, sir, for next to epitaphs on gravestones, it’s tho most entertain ing reading I havo met with for a long Unwilling a3 I felt, there was nothing for it but to do as he requested. “ Ho was gifted,” I proceeded, “ with a mind of singuarly analytical and intros pective type, possessed, too of an un equalled faculty of projecting itself into tho future, and of bringing back thence much that would havo proved elusive to a nature less liberally endowed, The po tentiality of his presence was apparent under any’ circumstances ; it dominated all with whom lie came in contact, and ma\\- perhaps be best described by the word electrical. It will not, however, surprise anyone that a mind so purely subjective in its action should have had its weak point, and it must bo admitted that synthetically’ South’s was a compara tive failure. Tho creative facult3’ had been in a great measure denied to him, and herein he fell short of greatness. But in saying so much I do no more than allow that he was one of those who only’ just miss attaining tho heights upon which men of tho noblest genius and power of expression havo walked and lived.” ’ ‘Thank you!’ said my’ guest, whose face during the recital of the preceding had gradually become overcast and troubled. ‘ I think I won’t ask you to go on. It’s very fine, no doubt, but I’m afraid I don’t quite grasp tho meaning. Besides, it makes me sleepy, and I have one or two matters to set right before I I laid aside the book with a sigh of re lief. For tho first time in my life I had found the pages dull. Mr. North’3 next remark surprised mo not • a little : You’re not married of course ?’ he said. ‘No ’ I answered, ‘but why “ of course” ?’ ‘ Then ho continued, disregarding my question, ‘ in describing the relations existing between my wife and iny’solf y’ou drew, I presume upon y’our imagination again ?’ “ Yes ” I replied with some enthusiasm, “I pictured to my’self tho indissoluble union of two souls, bound together by’ no earthly tie, but merged the ono into the other by the sublime alchemy of a divine hand.” “ Thank you !” he said drily. “ When I want extracts I’ll refer to the book it self. You certainly have a pretty power ful imagination.” I looked down, colouring a little at the direct compliment. “ You hadn’t the pleasuro of knotring Hippy, I think ?” he asked. ‘ “Hippy? ” ’ I repeated interrogatively. “ I mean, the late Mrs. North ?” “ No," I replied. “Ah,” he went on in a dreamy way, “ You missed a great treat.” Then, rousing himself, ho leaned forward in Ins chair, holding the arms firmly’ so as to prevent himself from falling, and in a hoarse whisper addressed me : “ If there ever was a shrew and a termagnat bom into this world, it was my wife.” The intensity with which the words were spoken bore evidence to their truth. If other proofs had been wanted, it would have been found in theexpression of hatred and fear apparent on the speaker’s face. To me the shock although painful, was not altogether unexpected. Already ono illusion had been swept away, and now I could bear with a certain degree of calm ness the loss of tho second. “ My dear sir," I said, “ I beg that you will not excite yourself. I think I begin to understand the object of your coming to-night. Let mo assure you that any statement you may desire to make will be not only impartially judged by me but treated as wholly private.” “ Private !" lie interrupted with an angry wave of the hand. “ Egad, sir,' tho greater the publicity the better I’ll be pleased. You don’t suppose 1 came here merely to set myself right with you ?” . I thought it prudent to pass over in silence the slur implied by his words. “ If I have injured you in any way,” I said with chilling courtesy, “I am pre pared to do whatever lies in my power to I place the matter upon its right basis.” My assurance appeared to give Mr.. North profound satisfaction. He sat back in his place once more, and after a little preliminary cough began to speak. “ That’s all I ask for,” he said, “and when I’ve told you the real facts of tho case I shall expect you to make them as widely known as the imaginary details contained in that volume. ” “ It’s very disappointing to you, I ad mit,” ho went on, settling down to his story, “ but truth compels me to say that I never was anything but a very ordinary happy-go-lucky sort of a mortal. 1 don’t quite understand what is meant by ‘ pro jecting oneself into the future,’ but in my case tho nearest approach to the process, I take it, was when my father threatened to kick me into the middle of next week on account of some youthful escapade. As to the other complimtary things you have been good enough to say of me, I’m sorry to confess they’re quite beyond my comprehension. l iras a little bit of a liarum-scaram_ fellow ; bmgL never *watitod for frionda. And these days, let motcU • i ' - alinnK fref, i •' sir, when a his second, or even his"third, bottle of wine ; and when the nights were all too short for the fim and frolic we sought to crowd into them. Perhaps we weren’t so liberally gifted with imagination as tho present generation; but, by gad, sir ! we were ready enough to back up our opinions with solid facts if required. “ I was barely thirty’ when my’ father died, leaving me a snuggish bit of pro perty. It didn’t represent a fortune of course, but the income yielded by it was sufficient for all wants and a few luxuries over and above. Alas ' my seeming good fortune was to prove the cause of my ruin, for from the day on which Hypatia learned the news of my altered circumstances she made up her mind that I should be her husband. At this point his voice sank to a deep and impressive tone:— “ For ten years she gave me no peace, following mo from place to place with the tenacity’ of a bloodhound. From the be ginning I know that there was no hope for me, but I died hard. I racked .my brain for excuses. I threw obstacle after obstacle in her way, yet all to no pnrposo. It was only a question of time, and she knew it. Tho moment at last camo when 1 could struggle no longer, but found my’ self forced to yield up my freedom at tho altar of our village church. “Then began for me a life of unutter able misery. The late Mrs. North was a woman of noble proportions, while, as you have possibly observed, 1 am not my self a Hercules. When, therefore, as was her wont, she placed her back against tho door protesting that I should no longer visit my old haunts and cronies, I could not but recognise how vain was the power of pray’er to move her from the position. “ I became depressed and moody’. All my former buoyancy deserted me ; and when by chance I encountered an old acquaintance, I shrank away from his presence out of pure shame. “ Two y’ears passed and my wife fell ill. What tho disease was can bo of no interest to you, but by the village doctor it was pronounced to be deadly’. It was my sad duty’,” continued the speaker with a curiously comic glance at myself, “ to communicate to her the terrible intelli gence. “The habit of obedience bad by this time become so engrained in mv nature that I did not even dare to take advantago of her helplessness, lmt remained con stantly at her side. Upon this, indeed, she insisted ; and as her malady did not confine her to bed I acquiesced in lier wishes with my’ usual alacrity. “As the end drew near she became imbued with a most unjust suspicion that her death would not be unwelcome to mo. I cannot tell you, sir,” said the little man with a break in his voice and making believe to wipe away’ a tear, “howdeeply this delusion pained me. “ And now, sir, what do you think tho inhuman monster did? You are awaro that I had purchased the arsenic to give to the horses. Impressed by’ tho idea I have mentioned, and determined that I Bliould not bo left to rejoice in my new found liberty’, slio resolved upon poisoning herself, well knowing how fatal to myself the consequences must prove. And, being a woman largely’ gifted with the courage of her convictions, she actually did it.” Exhausted by the narration of his wrongs, Mr. North paused here. For my own part I hardly knew what to think of so extraordinary a story. In a moment or two, however, he resumed :— “ That, sir, is the truth. Now are you convinced of the wrong you have done to me?” “Yes,” I admitted; “your version certainly throws a new light upon the in cidents.” “ Be assured it is tho correct one, and accordingly’, sir, I claim the fulfilment of y’our promise, and ask that ymu will clear my character from the tissue of falsehood —don’t be offimded, sir, for it is a tissue of falsehood—with which yourimagiuation has interwoven it.” “ You mean,” I answered somewhat re luctantly, “ that I shall place before the public the particulars you have just com municated ?” “Exactly.” I sighed as I thought of my lost ideal; but I had pledged my word. “As you will,” I replied. “ I promise.” “ Good !” ho rejoined. Then suddenly changing the subject, “ By the way, have you ever noticed tho peculiar conforma tion of that bust over your head ?” “No,” I answered, looking in the direction indicated ; “I don’t know that I have. Perhaps,” I suggested, turning again towards him, “it is tho effect of-” I stopped. The chair before me was empty. 