CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. Thero was a fair number of spectators on the eourso yesterday morning, aud as thero waa every nppoarauco of u lino morning some good work was anticipated. Soon after six o'clock, however, a denso fog arose, encircling tho whole of the course, and a soino of tlio trainers pretor stripping their teams m the centre of tho course thoir manoeuvres were not seen. Jim Cain, tho Cauliicld Cup candidate, strodo along on the tan at a nice working pace. Little John and Kiug cf tho West moved along for a milo ; the former requires a deal of riding. Grieculus Esurius, Waiter, Amateur, Symbol and Victor worked on tho tan. Kenneth brushed along for iivo or six furlongs, lieckwith spurted on the sand. Master John, Jocular, St. Paul, Dargin and Royal Dash wero given tboir usual routino of healthy exercise. Union Jack and Sinking Fund completed a couplo of turns on the sand track, the lattor having the most to say at the finish. Grace Darling, who looks fresh and well, strode along for a milo and a quarter, Empress and Milistream joining her at various parts of tho journey, but they wero not of much use tohei, as sho ran over them at tho finish. Gadfly aud Hot Iron ran a sharp four furlongs. Tho Ghost cantered on the tun. Tho Bracelet winner looks nice and big. Tho Crane, Lithologist and Golden Fleece moved along quietly. Old Chuckater, who is looking as fresh as paint-, put in two turns on tho grass. Ben Bolt went ouce round tho hurdles at threo-quarler pace, moving along tho last threo furlong. Western, in tlio same stable, was given a useful mile. This horse is improving. Mia Mia brushed along from tho four furlongs. Violet aud Stag cantered. Dougalston, Epicurean, Louis II. and Dchimin wore given long, steady excr- ciso on tho tan, winding up with a brush over a couplo of furlong. Ajax and Brunette wero striding along on tho sand. Highland Chief and Blondiu were given a turn on tho grass at hnU pace. Tlieso horses are improving. Now York, with a light boy up, after doing slow work for a round or two, finished up by running homo from tho milo. Pocahontas, Umborto and Townley put in somo medium pace exercise. Nectarine, Carnival and Julian Gray spurted. Oamcrine, Daystar, Dexter and Meerschaum wero restricted to healthy exercise. Anxious inquiries wore mado about Silvormino, who has uot put in an np poarauco for nearly a week. Rumors say that he is "queer." Lady Lovcll and Glentworth, both in tho samo stable, ran a merry 3 furlongs. The latter is a iiico looking coll, by Goldsbrough. Sirocco, Chicago and Bonnie Doon worked on the sand. There was a host of othors working, hut owiug to the fog it was utterly impossible to discern what they wore. 