v m^0^^^^M^fi^s»im^ &EHBV; PAT. -JS AIDED AT, OfflPOBBB 30. Tb£tm-gfympfef-*& ?Bth &e; Mel JxMirne Stakes, for whiob , Sheet Anchor was first elected favonrite, but when the horees assembled st-the post, the friends of litmomy gaVS him such' genuine sup. port that he started a better favourite . ; tUa)i auything. ; A dead heat between them resulted in a victeky for Isonomy, by four lengths. ;-... . ' .- .-'.'' ? A d..zen horses started Cur the Hotham Handicap. When fajrlp In the at'weht. Claptrap came up with a great rush and, cuttiiig down everything, won yery easily *y ove lengths from 'the favourite (Hezham), who was quite unable to pace with him. . -TJje Maribyrnong Plate candidates were a rather poor Jot compared with previous years. Hortense, a fine stripping filly, looked equal to carrying any weight, ana the way in which Bhe sailed home with her heavy penalty proved her' $0. be a downright good' one.' Esperance (Lord Carrington's) is a beautiful filly, but extinguished her chance of winning by bolting at the tan crossing, where she quite overpowered the English jockey, Whiting. Hortense won through 'sheer sameness.. THE DERBY. Seven faced the flag for the Derby, and, notwithstanding the previous defeat of his stable companions, Trident was stanchly supported to the last. Volcano cut out the running at a desperate pace Until he was under the hill, when, hugging the rails too closely, he struck them, and cut his shoulder and quarter, and hurt Ellis' knee. Chesham, pulling double, then went to the front, and Volcano in falling, back caused Trident to lose ground. As it was seen that Hales was riding him for Jub life, the excite ment became intense, and loud cries were raised .that the favourite was boaten. At the distance Robertson still had a strong pull on Ohesha-n, but, answering gallantly from every whip stroke, Trident caught him at the half distance, and Chesham firing suddenly, the favourite won the Blue Ribbon by two lengths. That Trident is wonderfully game was proved by the fact that Hales was at him vigorously with the spurs for five fur longs. Chesham ran a wonderful colt, and Lamond deserves credit, but Robert son should have made more use of him after entering the straight. The others were beaten a long way. and were quite outclassed. Trident's win makes the fourth Victorian Derby won by the Hon, James White. The Ghost was a great favourite for the Selling Race, but Huron won easily, and was bought in fur £230. A large field started for the Coburj- Stakes, At the half-distance Dayatar, quite an outsider, who had been in the first flight always, came through and won by a neck. The ring won by the results of the Hiithsmi Handicap and the Coburg Stakes, but the othur races wont n^mist them' and the -victory of Tridc'iit was a heavy blow Should one of the favourites win the Cup the bookmakers will have a bad time of it. Cup Day.— Tcksday, NoVembbu 2. Trenton looked fit to run for a kingdom and showed no signs uf lameness, and the grand bid for victory ho made at the finish reflects the greatest credit upon Tom Lamond, who under great difficulty carefully nursed him through his training. He had the satisfaction of seeing him run a wonderful race. A fitter horse than Si) Pennine never stepped on to a race course, but although M'Grade got well away aud kept him in excellent position it was not to be, and after having run a gallant race he had to be content to finish on Trenton's girths. Trident stripped well, showing no ill effects from his exertions in the Derby, and lie kept his position all day in the betting at 4 to 1, a shade more being eagerly snapped up. He held a nice place all through the race, and turned into the straight on terras with Arsenal, but although be contested every inch of ground . most gallantly, nature was unequal -to the desperate strain, and his long stride shortening, he rolled a little as he made one final effort in the straight ; and then a roar told that the great favourite was at the whip, and that he could not stay it out at such a bitter pace. He came in fourth. Barry Raynor stripped Arsenal in best possible -form, but although the horse looted in superb condition, he did not attract so much attention as the more prominent favourites. Eng lish, his rider, was- beaming with con fidence, and so was the owner, Mr. William Gannon ; but although a great many New South Welshmen backed the victor heavily, the public would not have him. He had light plateB on in front, as he liar) been going a little tenderly in his work of late. He got into a bad posi tion soon after starting ; but English, obeying orders, kept well out in the centre.of the crush until the best half of the field' had played their last card, when he gradually brought him through, and seeing an opening at the home turn took ~ advantage of it, and his sameness and condition aiding' the resolute tiding of English, he cut down liis horses in the run home, and won the Cup by a short half length. Arsenal was purchased by Sir. Gannon, the well-known New South Wales starter, from Hon. W. Pearson for 375 guineas. He was a delicate horse to train, and now, after having been well and caref ally trained, liis owner was at length satisfied that he had a good horse, and consequently not only backed him heavily, but made no secret of the matter to his friends, many uf whom landed good stakes. The following is the result. Time, 3isin. 31sec. : — Arsenal, (7st. 41b.) ? 1 Trenton, (9st. 51b.) ? .2 Silverininc, (Vst. 101b.) ... 3 Arsenal was bred by Frank Reynolds, of Tucal, and is by Goldsbrough from Powder, an imported marc, for s-hom the Tocal squire gave 1000 guiueaa. English rode a. cool, resolute race, and Mr. Gannon was most hcertly congratulated up»n the fact of his horse securing the cup for New South Wales. Trenton is the property of Sir. W. Cooper, who gave 2800\. guineas for him some mouths after he fiiu| proved himself a racehorse by running iuto third place in last year's cup. Hi; x'hs bred in New Zealand, aud is by the famous Muslciit from Frailty, by Goldsbroutrh from Flora M&cfvor.; so that the second honours also strike very near 1'i.nal. ' Trenton'R finish was one of the iY:i' lives of the race, and he is undoubtedly * .'.!?? at horse. 1 ??? Mountain won the Hurdle Race, V , \itns the Railway Handicap, '-« Kenstqgtan stakes, Hunting :'ic Nursery Handicap and The \- in- (lie Yiiu Y'nM Slakes. ?'??? stviliia'n..;.. uis been estimated at ??? ?? np.OOlft.) 120,000, the latter being machjfc- w the mart. __. _ __ 