A. Taie of To- «»aj. Br AN ORMAX. IT must strike terror into the hearts of re ligious enthusiasts to observe the Loose notion e that are daily gaining ground against the sacredness of marriage vows. Legislators refuse to simplify the law of divorce, con sequently the fair, but neglected creatures, resort to a very simple method to get rid of their trouble. It is a cheap way, and as we never hear of any successful bigamy prose cution, it is, 110 doubt, effectual. They adver tise, here is a sample from a Sydney paper: If Edward Delaine does not return to me with in three months lintend tomarry again. Signed Kate Delaine. Now, there is not much in that lot. Were it not for the fact that the writer happens to be acquainted with the disconsolate Kate and her truant EdwanL They were united in the holy bonds of wedlock some ten years ago, and for one short year led a happy life. Then Ned thought he would lay his luck in the North, so lie roiled up"bluey" and came to Charters Towers. He has never seen Mb Kitty since; his history is an eventful one. The first night he landed in Townsville he pitched his tent where the gas works now stand and an aligator came up in the night and ran away with his blankets, The next morning he started for the Towers with a billy can in his hand and all his worldly goods in a pocket handkerchief. When he got to the river it was running strong ; so he waded in determintd to diown or cross it. He crossed but his biilycan and o'd duds were lost for ever and he stood on the banks of the Burde kin in the garb of Adam. A good natured blackfellow lent him sufficient clothes to cover his nakedness and thus arrayed he arrived on the Toweis. His first job was in a shallow shaft on the Ma«y Flat; the nailean with which they hauled up. the mullock fell on him during the first shift, cutting his head open, and in this state he was conveyed to the hospital. The hospital at the time of whijh I write, was a wretched old shanty, hong with green vines, a perfect Paradise for bogs, spiders, and other gentle insects. The dead-house, a building in tbe Gothic style of architecture, stood a little distance away. Poor Ned, after bleeding for hours, closed his eyes, and, to all appearance, departed to that happy land where there is neither duffer- scrip nor brummy watches. He was humped to the dead-bouse «nd laid out in state. '"Be slept like a digger taking a nest" " With hie rags all spread around him." . Ia the morning the corpse-copper came up for his measure, but he was gone. As there .were .pig t-acks around the shanty, it wa« supposed the pigs had dined off him, and there the matter ended. But it was'nt death, only an invitation he woke in the night to find himself a cold corpse in a little miserable, dead-house j no candles, no wake. (He was an Irish native, and his parents had never seen Ulster). Ths moonbeams threw ghost-like shadows on the sun-cracked boards; the stamps of_the Defiance mill were beating funeral music. To his dim senses it seemed, the crash of doom, and, -horrified at the situa tion, lie fled to the bush. To recount his ad ventures on Hie Western plains would draw the briny tears from a Mbsman-st. broker, and prove equally as affecting as the sentiments of the gushing Newton when lie tells the boys, or *' buys," that he is ready to die for them. Suffice it to say that he is again on the Towers J frisky, fat and, considering the scarcity of verdure in the Western country, a little green. He is now the fortunate possesser of a copper watch, a New York gold chain, and 400 con tributing Shares in the Musha God Bless Ub G.iL Go. His long lost Kitty can marry adomaiu raker, a jail-flogger, or a C.M.Gr., for all he cues. &e; may take a job in a mine where formations are large and hanging walls drammy, get squashed in reality, and then Sotty would come in for the*'widow's whack" -namely, a donation from the fi.T.iff.A A. Qn the other hand he-may save his money, get another wife, and go into-that which seems to be the pinbacle or hutnan ambition, the ? summit of human happiness-a public boose. Well I wish iiim luck. Facts are always etrangerthxn Ection. " i A despehate encounter is reported from Sydney between «n escaped convict from .New Caledonia and a resident of York-street :~r " A wiry-looking man, of Portuguese origin, named Simeon Earsmo, said to be an escaped convict from New Caledonia, -was brought tip' before Mr. Marsh, S.M., at the Water Police Court(sa.y8tiieS. SI. Herald), chained with haying : barglarionsly entered the premises of lb, Dnrtnuo, proprietor of » boarding estab lishment, in IbriMfcneet, a known as Tenby House, and stealing therefrom a gold watch andchain, and fcroaovemgasy-ot the ralue of £SS; the properfgr'of Mr. Robert Nbrden.: Xt appeared ifrom theevidence that about 2 .o'clock on TuieBday morning Mrs. Norden, ,who, with her husband, occupies a room on the second floor at Tenby House, heard a noise in the bed room. She immediately woke her husband, who jumped out ofbed, and seeing the prisoner, closed with him, and a desperate struggle ensued. The Portuguese appears to have been most brutal in his method of defonce, bniJMjr. Norden ultimately succeeded In knbdidngtheintrader down, and keeping tiini there, notwithstanding his efforts to escape by way Of the windows, Mr. Mbrden managed to Efarike a light, and was standing over Ms prisoner when the landlord appeared and lent Kmajbeljinghacd. ..Prisoner vaa searched, aad thp. watch end chain and tnoney, which had been lying in the room, were found on turn. j^ WM fcrmaUy cMnmifcted for trial at the Cental Criminal Court. 