: r- ..s r'si-Hiii'SNc >1: v.f, "fJiJi r.-u: rv - more rea. ''.is , ... - ... UjY : n-i . - ' " he IV 1-.!.-'. ii'tcti cmi r--a.!. C ' eul. . . . i-u- X y c-.-Oi- \- ' I -.r-t \ x . 1-. : :.r -"« -1." .liir. 1. :.«ppon . ; . : i.-::; tj-i- a:: ; i1--- - y II-v oertsiuly doesn't look very promising just now) may dry up, and thus upset all present calculations. As usual, some of the sporting scribes looking originality have furbished up the stale old yarns M to the sera telling of the better favourite of Mr. White'e pair— in thi' caae Trident. They told us the aame thing in Martini-Henry's year, when Despot was the second string ; they cborusaed the old strain last season, when Nordcn feldt was first fiddle ; end now they chime in with tho same sick song, and croak mournfully that, as the Hon. James White hasn't got as much money abont Trident as he would like, Volcano may be the Derby colt and Hexham the Cup horse. I am beginning to think that, after all, the Hon. James White is not as fond of " tuppence" as the absurd toadyism of tuft hunters would lead one to believe. Hard up for originality for copy, these extraordinary yarns are annually " rung in," only to be as regularly contradicted by experience. This year, I am in a position to state, on the best possible authority, that there is absolutely no foundation for the rumours current as to the stable intentions re Trideut and Hexham. Trident is, bar accidents, a certain starter for the Derby, and both Trident and Hexlixin will start and ran 00 their merits in the Cup, and the better of the two, in the opinion of the owner, will win. So much for the dnmolition-of the cock and bull yarns. MaLUAWou ttie Melbourne Cup fn '84,' carrying 9sk 91b. home with audi con summate esse that, if he were in the same form now, I should look upon him as being a good place investment. But, nnder any circumstances. I should question his ability to win in n field including a three yesr-old like Trident. When Mr. Inglia' crack got home ia the Cap two years back he had a wretched lot of three-year- olds behind him — Bargo, The Broker, and Tremando being about the best of a bad lot. On Tuesday he will be asked to settle with Trident, Lord William, Bravo, and King- fish before lie is allowed to rattle home with his "historical rush," and be will need to be abeolutely at his very beat to finish oven in the first three in the Melbourne Cup of '86. Is he at his best ? Granting (hat he ought to have won the Oaulfield Stakes, would the difference the assistance of a professional jockey might have made in his pace have enabled him to beat Isonomy by a couple of lengths at CaulSeld? I tliiuk not, and if not, Isonomy, at s difference of twenty-five pounds, must beat him in the Melbourne Cup, always providing the Adelaide horse can stay. I am fully aware that these things cannot be cammed up by rule of throe, but I am a great believer in form, and, whether Maine beats Isonomy or notio the Cup, I think a good three-year-old, anah as Trident or Kingfish , is bound to finish in front of Mains. There is a certain amount of metallic mystery surrounding the horse, who has been scratched for oil his engagements bar the Melbourne Cup. Surely, if he has s ghost of a chance of winning the big two-mile handicap, in which be liae to concede some of the hoisea forty-nine pounds, he mast have a still better show in the Melbourne Stakes, where he has " only 9st- 31b. to carry, and meets Ison omy, Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling, and Go. at abont lovol weights. Isonomy has recently confirmed his Oaulfield Stakes running by beating Middlemarch and William Tell badly over their favourite distance. The reversal of form on the part of the son of Wiaterlake, which I predicted a couple of months back was bound to come in tho spring, has been very emphatic, and the performance of the horse in the mnd at Moonee Valley -will take a lot of wiping out. Viewed in the. light of his extraordinary running in South Australia, his recent: records, Jooked at from a charitable standpoint, show - a remark- able improvement in his condition. He appears, anyhow, to be pariial to mnck, and if the course be heavy cn Tuesday next, he will te well worth backiog for a piece. Ben Bolt, Silverhine, and Bbitisher must, on their C&ulfield; Cup running, each have s really good chanoe of winning the Cup, but 1 prefer the chances o three horses lower down on the list. Tbident, Tat. Tib., baa prpved himself so far ahead of the other three-year-olds that I look upon his change of adding another Melbourne Cup to. Mr. White's credit as absolutely second to nothlg in the race bar his stable companion's. Hf.xham, one of the best bred and most lightly weighted hones engaged in 11:.: C«p,f« s full br-Ah-r to if.-ri-ioait-iy l i 1 ce ih -.till s . end uuc doeso'l "fl": n t-t.ijr-s-.'- ' ' .'i:fr'ct! aniniiil 1 event- ; iri-ic-:d, I think (hat (w.-it:--£ as iJie M -ibooi :.s ii.ip ..i-.r-i-! : \- -. . r J:;u : -I I<:(i ir." J uui ry a- -. Luji a-. ' -pi, j r.:-.i if y'lbin a r of hi" uruther HV , j ptih. ahtro in no tersjibie reae-m why i lle'.b:.'-!, who h ?>'» a «a» a improved annual, should eoi. coiuo u. o. nit ahoix Little John has always been a favourite of mine, and with Cracknel! hi the saddle I like his Cup chance immensely. Summing up the situation in half a dozen words, I like Trident, Hexham, and Little John, and I fancy that White's best, HEXHAM ob TRIDENT, will win the Cap, and the beat outsider in the noe is Affluence. Probable Starters and Jockeys Homo st. lb. Joeksy Malta .. .. 10 0 Cilley Commotion .. 9 9 Power Trenton .. 9 6 A. Robertson Shset Ancbob ., 9 0 Gaica Dabuno .. 8 11 J. Williams Isonomy (in. Sib pen.) 8 3 Quinn Montr Chbibto .,8 0 Ellis BoEEMtur(in. 101b pen.) 8 0 R. Benoe BanrsHEB.. .. 7 13 Fallon Meteor (in. 71b pen.) 7 11 Fiddes Boolea . . 7 10 Olds BskBolt(ui. lOlbpcn.) 7 10 O'Brien Sxlveekinb 7 10 Morrison Kitaua (in. 3>b pen.) 7 9 Gallagher Silyeb Kino .. 7 8 Gongh Lakcbb ..7 8 Simmons Cyclops .. ..7 7 Senders Tbident ..77 Hales Quihtin Matbsf .. 7 6 Walker Arsenal .. ,, 74 English Maddblisa 7 3 W. Hughes Metal .. 7 2 Redfearn King's Own .,7 2 Lewis Obossfibr .. .,7 1 J. Benoe Recall ,. ., 6 11 Hisoott IiESbia .. ,, t 11 fjutonens Myall Kisu . , 6 » -Fielder Salvo .. .. 0 fl ' Wilkinson Lord William .,6 9 Gough COuntbt Box .. 6 8 T. Thornton Little John ..6 7 Oraeknell Highland Oeosf 6 6 Byrnes Bravo ..6 6 Fish o" Silvbs .. 6 6 Braoe A ffluenob . . ., 6 6 Tomlin uaxHAM .. ..6 6 Haxlsy (F) Kdtofish .. ..6 0 Gorry (P) Mxnoiti .. ..6 0 Johnson Jacr Roach .. 6 0 Doobtfal startees. 