V.E.C. SPRING MEETING. The first day—or Derby day—of the Melbourne 1886 racing carnival commenced <o* Saturday last, and with the resnlts COM "throw.ins" and "outs," anticipation realised and unrealised. The great balk, however, undoubtedly had tfeeir day on Saturday, and whatever may be the result s! the Cup on Tuesday the public must haye somewhat the best of-the ring dl round, anless another JZuln oomes from the clouds. The attendance was estimated at 60,000, but owing to the gloomy outlook of the weathter the dresses were not of the bright and radaint lustre which generally usher in the Derby. Vice-myalty was particularly numerous, including Sir fienry Loch (Uovemor of Victoria) and Lady Loch, Lord Oarrington (Governor of New South Wales) and Lady Oarrisgton, Sir W. Robinson (Governor of 8outh Australia) and Sir .J. Strachan (Governor of Tasmania.) ' The sport commenced with the Melbourne Stakes, LJ miles, wmght-for-age, which is generally regarded as an eye-opener for the Cop. Most of the real cracks of (past seasons were withdrawn, but suoh real good ones as Isonomy, Industry, Bookla, Crossfire, and Sheet Anchor were among the starters. The result of the toasle was a dead-heat between Isonomy and Bookla, but the former, ridden fcadlv in the race,-easily settled his opponent in the ran-off, and registered 'the distance in The Hotham Handicap is abo looked upon as giving a line to the big handicaps, but only twelve saddled up, Hexham 'being made the favourite. He failed to justify this confidence when the whips were brought out, for Claptrap . immediately gave him a baok view and romped in, while' (the in-acd-outer Lancer finished under the favourite's ineck third. The Hon. James White's "filly Lava 'was made the favoorite for. the ricli .'MaribyTnong Plate, for which 18 went out, bafcthe -Adilaide division had mother throw-in, SB Hortense, oainrying Set 61b, got home firsUrader the whip, bat Httntingtower, who was ibadly beaten, would have won but for .Lord Carrington'a filly sunning off and taking him with her. Bedouin was third. The race of the day—the Berby—followed, seven nags being saddled, and that dreaded aocident, which alone could >have beaten the favourite, Trident, was almost accompliahed by Volcano running into the rails and blocking his stable oompanion at -the -turn for home. Robertson, who was riding 'Ohesham, noticed the contretemps and at once set to to take all the advantage to be gained, but although ie flattered the'bookmakers for a bit, and sent a cold perfpiratiso all round the multitude who had ifouowed the blue and white, the plucky brother to Navigator, asked _ to gallop in-earnest for the;ficst tkne in his life, came along in full determination and flashed past the post .a couple of lengths to the good, again breaking the record and cunning it out in 2.39. The other events were now >enly-small beer. nron, Jet 71b,-beat The Ghost,. 7st 61bs, and Stafford, ?st 61b, in the Sellings and the poburg Stakes fell to J)aystar, <6st 31b, beating the favourite, SL .John, 6st .71b, and Hogmonay, Jst 61b. 