AMUSEMENTS. The' Bnlmain branch of the Young Men's Friendly Society held its half-yearly entertain ment on Wednesday last, and it was a decided success. The Rev. MervyiiArchdall occupied the chair. The programme opened with a piano forte solo, " The JSoldiers' Chorus," by Mr. F. Matthews. Bongs were rendered by Messrs. W. Moore, T. Kirkby, F. (Jorkhill, H. loung, It. Ayer3, W. Price and E. J. Fearnley. The comic songs were rendered by Messrs. W. Phelps, \V. Moore and R. Avers, and were highly amusing. Mr. E. J. Fcarnloy's comic song, "Are you there, Moriarty ?" was also greeted with the applause it merited. Mr. S. Deane was in excellent voice, and sang uToniorrow will be Friday" with splendid effect. A vocal duet, rendered by Messrs. A. Deauo and H. Youu, was also well received. Recitations and 'readings were delivered by R. Aycra, W. Phelps and S. Kirkby. Mr. H. Iluut gave an amusing stuuip speech, " Electric Light." A violin solo was wdll played by Mr. W. Knibb. Mr. T. Knibb, a young performer on the piano, distinguished himself In a solo, " Sparkling Cascades." The members also gave au exhibition of fencing aud club swing ing exercises. The entertainment concluded with a comic sketch, entitled "The Ghost." Messrs. S. and T. Deauo acted as accoinpauists. At the Olympic Theatre this evening, a com plimentary ' benefit will be tendered to Mr. D'Arcy Stanfleld, favorably known iu connec tion with the Olympic Hurlesque Company. Mr. Btaulield !ms taken a leading part m all the performances heretofore, and lias succeeded in kecpingcrowded houses iu convulsive laughter, iu addition to fulfilling the onerous ( duties of stage manager. The performance will com mence with "Cousin fcaehary," a new aud sparkling comedy, to be followed by a grand concert, in which will appear Misses > Ida Osborne aud Dot Read and Messrs. G. Rivers Allpress, Harry Tcecc, J. L. Whitworth, Fred, Darke and DLircy Staniicld. Tbe box-plan for the theatre is open at Nicholson's. The benefit concert to Mrs. Armstrong, in which the leading vocalists aud instrumentalists of the city will take part, will come off at the New Masonic Hall to-night under the patroungc of Lord and Lady Carrington. A most attrac tive programme will be presented. 