THE TURF. V.R.C. SrnIro MEETINo.-Th8 meeting of the Victorian Racing Club commenced on Saturday at Flemington. The weather was fine, and the at. tendanco large, far outnumbering that of any previous Derby day at Flemington. Visitors could not fail to observe the great improvements effected by the com. mittee. The "hill" has been extended and now affords standing room for an additional 3000 persons, and a new stand capable of accommodating 5000 persons has been erected at the same place. On tile eastern side of the grand stand a newstracturo has found a place; it is called the Maribyrnong Stand, and is capable of seacting 2500 people; it is 240 feet long, and is fronted by a spacious lawn. The lawn in front of the grand stand has been extended so as to give additional room for nearly 10,000people. Everything else connected with the course has received equal attention, and the conise is now one of the best appointed in the world. The vice-regal party arrived safely, and tho box set apart for their accommodation contained Sir Henry Lochb, Governor of Victoria; Lord Carrington, Governor of New South Wales; Sir William Robinson, Governor of South Australia; Sir George Strahan, Governor of Tasmania; Admiral Tryon, Lady Loch, Lady Carrington, and other distinguished personages. In honour of Lord Carrington's visit, the race books in morocco bindings used by the vice regal party were got up in his riding colours-blue and buff -and the vice- regal reception and retiring rooms were also decorated in the same tints. Lord Carrington gracefully acknowledged the compliment thus paid him by the V.R.C. committee. Everything was in the best possible order, and the various stands were clean and bright-looking. The recent rains have made the hill and flat look fresh and green. The course was in excellent condition, and the racing was of a very high-class order. The following are the results of the racing : Melbourne Stakes, one mile and a quarter: Isonomy and Boolka (dead beat), 1 ; Bravo, 3. Time, 2 min. 12 osecs. In the run-off Isonomy won by four lengths in 2 min. 100 sees. Hotham Handicap, one mile and a half and a distance: Claptrap, 1; Hexham, 2; Lancer, 3. Time, 2 min. 521 sees. Maribyrnong Plate, five furlongs: Hortense, 1; Huntingtown, 2; Bedouin, 3. A good race. Time, I min. 74 sees. Victoria Derby, one mile and a half : Hoen. J. White's Trident, by Robinson Crusoo-Cocoanut, 1; Mr. D. Cooper's Chesham, by Graud Flanuer-- Lady Chester, 2; Mr. A. Blackwood's Aglaos by Agro mont-Aglia, 3. This was an excellent race ; enter ing the straight Chcsham appeared all over a winner, but struggling on like a racehorse, Trident caught him when less than half tihe distance from home, and, drawing away, won cleverly at the end by three lengths amidst a scene of great excitement. Aglaos was thirty lengths off, and was followed by First Consul, Iingfish, Maddelina, and Volcano. Time, 2 minutes 39 seconds. Selling Race, seven furlongs: Huron, 1; The Ghost 2; Stafford, 3. Time, 1 min. 29 sees. Coburg Stakes, one and a quarter mile: Day Star, 1; St. Jobn, 2; Hogmanay, 3. Good race. Time, 1 min. 57 sees. MEIraounse CuP.-Trident still holds the position of first favourite for this important event, which is to be run at Flemington to-day. Several other horses are being heavily backed, and a great race is expected. 