J AMUSEMENTS. 2 || j ROYAL STANDARD THEATRE. H Saturday night witnessed the opening performance s, t By Royal Standard Theatre, the latest addition to our lot 5 H playhouses. It has been elected by the Royal Order WE Foresters, and has been secured for a season have H Dampier. Long before the curtain had risen the pt ' WE crowded to suffocation, and by the time that the play" Iff claimed the attention of the audience there was not a vaS B seat throughout the whole house. As a preliminary, % K Dampier came before the curtain to deliver an animal] H address, and when he did so he was accorded a most as I siastic welcome. He said Ladies and gentlemen 16 S' B welcome you to this pretty little theatre. I hope you v Ki be pleased with your seats, for great care has been taken in their selection. The building has been erected by fhoKm] WEB Order of Foresters. The sued gctic secretary, Mr. v. H Hampton, has informed me that the idea original WE at a committee meeting, when it was thought that perhaps a theatre would add to their funds to WWF ? increase their revenue. I would like to mention that HE although the contractors and architects had only a tea was then allowed them for the construction of the building the HU carried out their work to the letter. (Hear, hear.) Q, Was ' company will be able in a few minutes to speak j BY themselves; but I claim for them that, with a Warn exception, they are Australians bred and bornite Bill). applause); and when I tell you that, with the WA own and, I have been able to keep the H| together for two years throughout the length and broad Wm of Australia without losing one of them I think this Ka speaks a great deal for their talent. (Applause.) 117 BE we shall he able to play here for months and years tis By longer the better for us. (Laughter and applause.) Jit Kjf company has been at the Gaiety Theatre for eight months He and has been received with the greatest kindness, si' 1 Ki| trust you will continue to lavish upon it the same token of Ira approbation that you have given hitherto. (Applause!.) We The play selected for the opening performance visits WE dramatised version of Mr Ryan's strange hide, "TttePhj. Wm tom Ship," with the following cast :-AVilhelroVatlü. Em decked (the Plying Dutchman), Mr. Dampier; Pte Iii Vanderdecken (his son), Mr. Alfred Boothman; Abfca half Zamu (a Moorish looch), Mr. W. E. Baker; BaronTTal. WE stein, Mr. H. Stoneham Alan Hon., Mr. Edmund Hollo, fit way Captain Hague, Mr. J. Caesar; lines Peters, [r, wM J. Stark; Max Present, Mr. Watkin Wynne; 'new. bill bartender, Mr. Harry Leston; Vases, Mr. Roy QC and Mr. Johnson; Katherine Vanderdecken, Mrs. Tito said!; IID Adina, Miss Dampier; Gertrude Dymoko, taking. off the Russell; Frau von Bunk, Miss Juliïta, By The play has been written in six tableaux It is Ki Dampier, and the bold outlines of the original stations WM Soon well preserved. There is a great deal in Th wM Phantom Ship that appears to have been suggested that MR legend of The Ancient Mariner; the. Flying Dutch By himself is but a nautical Banquo or Just Errant, and to BE Moorish physician Family contains many of the essentials of Shylock. It is quite unnecessary to enter into a Bl details of SO well-known a work. The blasphemous vow of Vanderdecken to double the Cape despite winds and no weather, should he try until the day of judgment, Ut By unique idea, which, like the grain of sand forming t_ Bf matrix of a beautiful pearl, is a sufficient groundwork tion By magnificent drama. The language of the play in Be in many parts full of portion, strong life, and Bl delicate sentiment, and the rendering of it is quite sufficient to show to what lofty flights Mr. Dampier CM H attain in tragedy above MR conceptions of comedy. The H Flying Dutchman, like the ghost in Hamlet, list H acquired the habit of visiting the scenes of his for- Honor life occasionally, and the scene where Van- B donlecken returns, according to sufferance, to visit his home, after years spent on the stormy ocean, is B a most pathetic She. His description of the roaring H seas and terrific gales by-which his vessel has been buffeted I is a grand and beautiful realisation of the fate meted out to I the mariner whose parallel in alluded to by the witch in B "Macbeth" when she says though his barque cas B not be lost, yet it may be tempest tossed." The occasional glances given here and there through the play of "The Flying Dutchman cursed like that curious embodiment of Sun's idea, "The Wandering Jew," I with immortality upon earth-represent n character Remains' ? out in bold relief, Russia and awe-inspiring in itself, the ? well sustained by Mr. Dampier throughout. Philip fan-' I Goedecke, his son, in pourtrayed by Mr. AlftciBoot- man, I who represented the part in a very creditable manner. H Mrs. Hill personated Catherine Vanderdecken, the faithful H wife of the Flying Dutchman, and in the meotinEsarit-tef a husband, which according to the ban laid upo___- _lv SS took place every season years, she displayed clothed BE safely tenderness and sympathy. Adina, the "oona Bl damsel, found an excellent exponent in Miss Dampier By Gertrude Dymoho in Miss Russell, and Frau von ss H in Miss Merton. Mr. Loton had only a small and roll!- H together suitable partinreprcsentinga Dutch peasant writes K unpronounceable name. Mr. E. Holloway made an era Bj lent Van Horn, and Mr. Baker and Mr. Stoneham K- ?] ? quitted themselves admirably as the Moorish Leach and- H Baron AValstein. The play abounds in incidents must) Ki and sad of a minor nature, that set off the plot as thesetta] Wa does a jewel, but of these there is no need to speak. _ Bj scenery deserves special mention, and the representation By the sea shore with the heaving billows in the distance, to B| the surf running upon to the beach and back, are mainly By of stage mechanism. The general impression produced by BJ the play was in the highest degree favourable. On moves BJj occasions the members of the company were called before B's the curtain, and altogether, the Royal Standard Theatre By may be said to have opened under the most favoured BJ auspices. H 