POINTS. Br TSiKEsSiX: A man, bcaT^f tne stamp ot a lunsti'' re cently deprived of his seBses, rnsbed into the Editor's room and asked to have the following published. There it is in bis own words, taken down at the tame : — Wearied by toil and nursing np revengeful feelings against the fate that compelled me to work for' rfn Employer on a bare pittance, I was sloirly weiaiinig joy *°&.y, along one of your main streets, when, euildeMif , n*y attention was drawn to a lean, lank, dejected- looking individual who had just quitted one dt the palatial houses in the street. The appear ance of the man at once enlisted n-y sympathy, as I could too plainly see that want and mental suffering hadroduced him to a mere skeleton. Darting suspicious looks after him to see that he was not fol lowed, he stole away down the street to wards the river. Secreting myself as best I could I kept him in sight, and followed him around the road until I saw him seat himself under the shade of one of the trees bordering the river, near Mount Eliza. The thought struck me that he had chosen this secluded spot to end, in one act, the troubles that seemed to weigh him down, and I was detexmined I would prevent him from performing such a rash act, and event ually help him on towards the high-road to prosperity. He sat down, as I said, and, pulling off his battered hat, pulled from out of it a greasy handkerchief, with which he doggedly wiped his worn countenance. I stole closer to him, and at last planted my self behind the tree, and then I heard him say, ' Yes '. I mill do it.' Quietly he put his hand into the pocket of his coat and drew out — Ha! I see a revolver wrapped in paper. — Yes, suicide ? He coolly unfold ed the paper, and by the shadow cast on the ground I saw — Oh ! heavens he drew it out and pointed it to bis mouth. Frantical ly I screamed out, 'Hold, foolish man; what would you ?' I bad arrested him in the act of— eating a saveloy. I apologised to him, aud on closer acquaintance he in formed me he was chief Reporter on the leading morning paper in the Colony, and always had his dinner by the riverside ! * * * * The town of Perth is in mourning — one half are bemoaning their sad fate in having a large deposit in the Commercial Bank, while the other half are equally sorry tbat thev baven't. * * * * Comes along a horrible tale from a country township, which calls at once for the introduction of Responsible Govern ment. Adolphns was a clerk in the West ern Sausage Company, and had recently taken to himself a charming and vivacious wife. Clara had such nice relations, and her cousin George had recently arrived in town after a long absence, and was a par ticularly welcome guest at the house. Adolphns, one afternoon, prevailed upon the Manager to grant him a half -holiday, and immediately he walked home to spend the afternoon with his Har)in^ wife. He went in by tl 3 back gate, and seeing his wife in the garden at the rear of the house, stole up behind her, aud, covering her eyes with his hands, drew her into bis arms and kiss ed her passionately. Clara simply saii, ' Oh ! Geoige ; you are, you know you are.' And now George is not a welcome visitor. * * * * A nigger objects to cold ; he smiles under the most burning heat. Query. Does he go to the same Hades as I shall ? * * * # ' Time Tables ' are to be abolished nom inally ; virtually they have ceased to exist for some time. For the future a train will be called back if a passenger gets on to the station before the train is out of sight. * * * * Waddington's Syndicate is up and doing. Where is the other man ? Kot gone off with spontaneous combustion I hope ? * * # * The artistic beauties of the Esplanade Pavilion arc not further beautified by the new roof, which is less ambitious architec turally than the first, promises to be of some use. The pride paternity is engrafted so deeply in human nature that its eccen tricities are proverbial, but they surely can not by any possibility be each a pride in the designer and approver of the Pavilion of the City Supervisor and the ' great and good George I. ! ' Onoe no doubt they hoped to produce a close resemblance to the palace ' which leaps like a fountain from the grass to meet the sun ; ' that little day dream is surely over. I would then venture to suggest that beauty need not be further considered, and that sonic means be adopted to screen the west side of the structure from the glare and rain which beats through between roof and flooring. * * * # The young men with high collars and strong tendencies to incipient inasherdom are now full of contrition, though with emptied pockets, for their heartless mash ing of the departed opera lasses. The taste of blood has eeized^and grown upon these dangerous Lotharios and the intimation of the approach of another troupe has roused the latent passion, and accordingly, plans of conquests are being matured and alto gether the coming artistes may expect a bad time of it. Poor creatures ; what a '? chawing up ' they will get. The new Reformers sent to redeem the farmers aud squatters by suffering and tribulation — Rabbits and Gribble. The great ' Don ' Has sat upon The Reverend John B. Gribble. « * * s The Herald's apostle of ' Hf^it aud cul ture ' is foggy — ascribed to Lad tvpe. * * * *~ High School r. M.C.C. Betting strongly on Boys ! * # * # Congregational Literary Union discussed ' the effect of trees on rainfall ; ' they hare since solved the effect of rainfall on the olive-branches who attended their school feast. * * * * The Cambridge Gulf Magistrate is being initiated into the secret of dealing prompt aud effect ire justice t-j drunks and disor derlies. Loir opinion of future work Y * * 3 * W.A. anxious to have it known that new Herald editor is not yet in harness, in fact not yet fit. It took ' Martha' some years to learn how it's done, she objects ts any one else learning it in qui-±er time. * # ' * * 'Say Ghost ; almost forgot you. Thanks for your admission of my endeavours to push your paper. You're honest though you are dull, a saving virtue not possessed by your confrere?. What think of my poiirg; true ring, eh ? Just try and en cjurage each other. * * * * More twaddl.-. ' Melbourne ft-a-tabie Talk : '. ' 4£ -* »: « i I read with pi.- -sure t:ie i-c-t*?nt address . delivered by tlie -. onductor of the Gerald t-n Musical Union. 1 he loyalty of the : nierufcers appears to \te nagjring, and the raisoji ti'tlre of the &d; dress vv:is an -»ndcavor i to infuse fresh life and energy into the , Society. It example :ind preci-pt and the power of eloquence aiv reognised in that ? self -assert ir-- totvn tlie address should have ? the desired off-?;:t. Th:it it may do so, I devoutly wish. So also do I mourn that our Colony has so few. nay, no other like unto the able and enthusiastic conductor of : the fferaldton Musical Union. By bis earnestness and enthusiasm, coupled with ' that capacity for hard work and that fund of jjood temper and patience which is so heavily requisitioned, be has succeeded iu placing his Sodety in a position far above 1 all others of its kind in our Colony. In a town with a f«w hundreds of people we tiad a Union m^re vigorous in its growth a'3d immeasurably superior in its fruit 1 than exists in the City with its thousands. The musical talent which so happily ciu srfegates in and around (Jeraldton, though o.' exceptionally high aa orJcr for so small a community, is not sufficient io explain this difference. There is no lack of talent in our City, but there is a sad, Kid Lick of leaders, nay, even of a leader. We have b - Mr. Hart among us, and until we find s-.'.c-h an oae, «r rob Geraldton, we shall con tinue to I* in our present (musically) back wa'.*d state. We want a Deus ex-macjiitui - v.ith that ability, that good temper, the ta.2t and the love for the work whieh Mr. li a rf possesses. We have a few enthusiasts, bat they are incompetent ones, who could [not, if they would, assume command, or tiny are indolent ones whe shrink from the labour wli?ch is reqaiied of them. I trust the Garaldtoiua££ jnstly appreciate the gen tleman, who does so much to afford to them lite elevating and refining- recreation which music is slmost unique in affording * x * * What will be the inference drawn by hasty and injured depositors in the Com mercial Bank from the recent smash ? Will they impute the failure to its foreign business, and thereafter shun foreign cor porations ? This is the very superficial reasoning (?) which will, I am afraid, bo adopted by a goodly number; but I sin cerely hope the majority will draw from ibis experience a lesson exactly the reverse. The *?* late lamented ' Bank was a purely local one ; its Itrancb ii«-e being one of the very few outside of that colony. As a consequence of this limited development it was keenly affected by the depression which has so heavily fallen up on oar sister-colony. It bad no nieans of recuperating iis resources from other colo nies which were more buoyant, and it ME Ijecause it was eo ' paroehiaL' The Ixrger Banks offer the most effectual guarantee bv their depositors in their cosmopolitan 01 intercolonial character; depression in one community is countervailed by buoyancy in another, and each branch assists and is as sisted by the other. We have iieen, hap pily, free from national depressions in our Colony; nor are we anxious for such an hononr. However, like modest Mr. llackay, of the W.A. Life Insurance Com pany, we may have greatness thrust upon us, and be made to suffer as South Austra lia now does. I trust we shall not then suffer from a repetition of the Commercial Bank smash ; that our Colony may be the exception, and not have its misery increased by a suspension of payment by thi?se local Banks who feal so much the effect of local depression becaise of their limited oper ations. * * * * I wonder if there is any person imposed upon by the lengthy and graphic telegrams which appear in the West Australian from its Geraldton correspondent ? I dare affirm that the manager of that paper himself' smiles at the healthily-developed imagina tion of the little man who is for ever des troying our peace of mind and frightening: us with the bug-bear of 'Northern dis content.' There seems a morbidly keen sense of a want ot respect by the 30,000 of our inhabitants towards the two or three leading spirits of Geraldton. These im portant personages (if they be of flesh and blood — and whiskey) treat us as if we were criminals beseeching (heir royal clemenejv and in the greatest fear and trembling l-**t a ghostly seance ' run ' by the Editor of the Victorian Express should try the usual spiritualistic ' knocks'and declare secession and civil war. It is quite amusing to ob serve the ready manner in which these ghostly politicians utter through their imaginative mouth-piece the Eapidlyforin ed opinion or sentiment of the North — not of Geraldton or of the District, but of ' North.' It is marvellous that time can lie found from Geraldton to Derby to dis cuss every subject, however small and petty, and to give vent Be loudly aud rap idly to a disconteut which the W.A. corres pondent dilates so largely upon. These telegrams are long and threatening enough to obtain anything from the pravenheart ed people of the South. Are they ' genu ine 'or onJy'spnrious imitations,' claptrap manufactured by the W.A. correspondent under the impression that the Northerners regard as Southerners as a smouldering vol cano, upon the thin crust of whose forbear ance we alone exist ? This is an amusing allusion, but not harmful; whilst it gratifies the three or four leading spirits of Gerald ton it does some good. * * * * The most recent and characteristic of the complaints from our heavily-oppressed and doa-n-trodden Northerners of Gerald ton is about the duplication of the telegraph line to Albany! This expenditure of a couple of thousands for the benefit of the whole Colony is made cause of complaint, and the Victorian Express devotes a whole paragraph to protestation because their line is not duplicated at the same time ! 1 have no doubt that this childish querulous ness will want the moon, object to our hav ing the River Swan, and strongly protest against any further increase to the South ern population, and utter any number of other foolish protests and empty threats. It wonld be as weii, however, for Gerald ton — wherein resides the whole of this Northern discontent, generated no doubt by that idleness which the devil is reported so eagerly to avail himself of — if ite 'lead- ing spirits ' moderated their ' alwayBon hand' indignation. Too much even of this sort of thing is suicidal, and tends t«» dissipate that mist and illusion througli which looms so great and terrible the ' small ' men who, in a clear almospbero, would be seen as they are, and look ludic rous with their ' battle, murder, and sud den death ' war-cry thej now affect. * * * # The West Australian finds a very natural and instructive pleasure in contemplating the fads which are erer seizing hold of the ' crowd,' and, as one easily imagines, the W.A. very temperately and lovingly, yet nevertheless firmly, deprecates these delu sions and endeavours to dissipate these fallacies. It has derived, it informs us, no little amusement from watching the ignor ant, though prevailing contempt (fostered by all the Local papas) for Mr.Steere's po litical ability. It deplores this popul-ir delusion, and proceeds to throw some day light inta the prevailing darkness by try ing one side of one of the many arguments which the can%iUe sj obstinately imagine support their opinion. The Colony declares that Mr. Steere can be of very little worty if no constituency will accept him a second time, especially, too, where there arc so few candidates and but one 'eager' one. The W.A. smiles its own serene smile as it states the argument and proceeds to demol ish it. And what a demolition ! Listen to its wondrous force. 'Goad men have been rejected' by constituencies, as is shown l»y English politics. Steere his been rejected.' Therefore Steere must he a go*d man. Shades of the 'ajhooluisn,' how you must cotton towards this brilliant logic ! And all ye dolts, fools, and blockheads who hive been once and only once elected to repres ent your country — your names are legion — hosr you must yearn towards this wise man of the West as yoa console yoursulres with the thought that you too are groat, goodi, an-' wise men whom popular prejudice aud ignoran-je persist in ignoring. The Herald has turned over a new leaf (the effect -of new type--). For the future it has determined to extend smiling thanks to its opponents and detractors. It is assuming the much-injured tone. It waOsontitsstiliinission like Mrs. Giunmidge in David Copperfield : ' I'm a lorn borncref tur and ererythink goes contrariwise with me,' is the burden of its new evangel. Al together it pretends to 'drop' the eager ly aggressive and l-e ' ever yours humbly.' This is wise. . Some people and some jour nals are ludicrous in their very wrath. Do -ht*y nioct opposition, they stutter and st.tiiimer and flounder about in quite a i.-'ughabl-: manner in their endeavours to defend themselves. The Herald has de t.'ruiiucd to no longer afford these exhibi tions. Determination overcomes the great est difficulties, and there is no reason why the pros*ut endeavours should not succeed. f hope they will. « * * * ' Is there an Inspector of Nuisances P ' If t'icre be really snch an officer I should like to know if his olfai-fcory organs are quite unimpaired ? It appears to me im possible for a man with a nose to pass along any of our streets without having a treat very unpleasantly suggestive. Even in St. George 's-terraee there are such dis agreeable odours. Can it lie that the In spector has t--o many «lu' '?«?.* t j perform, in lo ol:5c j Eft r ''.:.- .'-:;.tioii of the paths, fencing, and the lite r 2s\\-c long since co in plaints were made of the shortness of weight in bread. These complaints wero well founded, but no effort was made to punish the offenders. It is perhaps hardly fair to ask one man to perform the duties of t'xo or three, but thess duties are too onerous to permit their dereliction. Dis honesty io bakers offers a premium to a m -:c extensive and more dangerous dis ho:iesty in ?? adulteration.' If »?« are to cat disease-engendering food, and inhale iufectious and fatal germs, pray let us do so willingly, and not imagine ourselves secure in the all-searching and protecting provi dence of an ' Inspector of Nuisances.' 