" National" Magazine. I have to acknowledge the receipt of the firi number of "The Journal of the National Agr! cultural and Industrial Association of Queensland,] printed by Warwick and Sapsford, of Eagle-stree Brisbane. It is neatly got up, bound in grey pape: and well printed in good clear type. It is a littl] too apologetic in explaining its own raison d'eh and too minute in cataloguing the association's si: of omission, or shortcomings, in previous yea: but it is, on the whole, a very creditable first attem; The best section is the Veterinary,, to which Irving, M.R.C.V.S.E., contributes two papers, a: there is a dreadfully dry, and therefore valua" article on wool-classing. Full of useful information and valuable hints the poultry keeper is Mr. A. J. Boyd's paper, a: the writer promises one to follow, next month, Dogs. Useful, too, is the epitome of Mr. Walter Lamb experiences in silo making, in Europe and elsjwher on behalf of the N.S.W. Royal Commission.. In " A Retrospect," by one of the association's original projectors, the. writer says a great deal thai is true, but he falls into the same error as that whicl entraps all Queen-street writers and Queen-stree effort, that, namely; of imagining that Brisbane coupled with a few small towns on the Southern an< Western railway, constitute Queensland. The editorials demand no comment beyond tha already made. The journal aims at supplying public want, and that the society should not hav supplied this want before is no reason why I shoul tno welcome the appearance of its journal howeve tardy. It isnever too late to mend, and I trust that th new journal will grow till it becomes as great a power ii the land as Figaro. Fob the borough of St. George, the retiring alder men this year are Martin Pallaiser and Alex Stewart who, however, both seek re-election. The other can didates are William Overton Kempson, painter Michael M'Mahon, blacksmith; George Partridge tinsmith j Henry Robert Woolf, chemist. Pailaise is a grazier and Stewart a cordial manufacturer Three candidates have been nominated for the posi tion of auditors to the same borough—Lewis Abia hams, accountant; Cecil Edward Search, clerk j and Charles Rowland Wippell, butcher. Polling takei place on February 2nd. Ned Palmer, of Charters Towers, better known " Overland Ned," is dead. He was originally teamster and an explorer, after the well-knowi Burke and Wills. Lately, he had become the pro prietor of a new hotel. Ned was the brother-in-lai of Mills, the " Day Dawn" king. He was wel respected by all who knew him. He was a Freemaso: and was accordingly honored with a Masonic funeral being followed to the grave by over 4<00 people walk ing in pairs. A Charters Towers man, self- inspired sends the following tribute to Ned's memory No more thou'It drive thy team On life's rough road ; -• No more through trouble's stream, With burdened load; Weary with vain toil, and faint for thirst, With many grievous hardships interspersed \- ■" A soul for sorrow—a heart for joyous burst. As others, stepping towards thy tomb, A crape-clad multitude, All silent, with a Sabbath gloom, Life's thoughts subdued j A saddened mingling of mutual brotherhood Too deep for thought, by feelings understood A mutual mourning for the lost and good. Police Magistrate Pinnock says the Press doe all it can to frustrate the efforts of the police, an make all he does a nullity. But he is not afraid < the papers, and they can say what they like abou him. Little girls always vow they " don't care, when they are most indignant. ' Jack Drury, the late editor of the Peak Down Telegram, has gone to Bingera, near Bundaberg, t< take charge of the State School there. May hi flourish the birch as successfully as he wielded th< pen and shears. F. Buss has purchased the Malvern plantation near Bundaberg, at a decided bargain. It only cosi him <£900. With pluck to breast the present time! he should find he has made a good spec. Mr. Andrew Town's sale came came off on Thurs day, January 21st, when 36 yearling thoroughbreds were sold^—21 colts and 15 fillies. The only Queens land buyer, I think, was Mr. Loinax, who gave 165 guineas for a black colt by Maribyrnong out of Tempe's dam, White-and-Blue, by Monseigneur out of sister to Blue Gown. The highest priced colts were the 1050-guinea brother to Iolanthe and Kingsdale by Maribyrnong —-Rosedale (imp.) and the 1000-guinea half-brother to Blairgowrie, Habena and Marina, by Darebin out of Atholine (imp) by Blair Athol. The Rosedale colt was bought by Mr. W. Cooper, and the Atholine colt by Mr. D. Cooper. The successes of Chester's stock induced, the Hon. J. White to prefer a half- brother to JBrown and Rose, by Monmouth—The Giggler, to anything by Mari byrnong, and for this youngster he gave 450 guineas. A chesnut filly, sister to Legrand, brought 430 guineas from Mr. W. R. Hall, who also got hold of the sister to caduius, by Epigram—Cadeau at 550, guineas. v Mr. B. Lord gave 6G0 guineas for a bay filly by Grand Flaneur out of Robinson Crusoe's sister Aureola; and Mr. W. Cooper, with First Chester in his mind's eye, secured a black filly by Chester's brother Monmouth out of Venice, by Malta out of First Chester's dam, at 430 guineas. Lord Carrington bought three lots, vizA bay colt by Maribyrnong out of Sapphire, by The Drummer (imp.) out of Amethyst (imp.), by Ambrose, 400 guineas; & brown filly by Maribyrnong out of Gondola (imp.) by Paul Jones (son of Buccaneer) ■winner of a Chester Cup, 200 guineas; and a brown filly by Grand Flaneur out of fair Alice (imp.) by Bel Demonia—Flora, by Knight of Kara—Florence, by Velocipede, 300 guineas. Mr. W. Cooper, and not Mr. White, got the sister to Palmyra, by Maribyrnong—the Fawn for 1200 guineas. The total sum realised by the yearling's sale was 10,645 guineas, or an average of something over 343 guineas apiece, for the 31 lots. The 21 colts averaged about 261 guineas, and tbe 15 fillies £44 guineas. But for his fall at the very last hurdle Drummer would have added the Rand wick Hurdle race to his long list of winnings, and Quirk will have the sympathy of all lovers of a good horse, and admirers of a clever rider in the misfortune that robbed both of victory, when apparantly in his grasp. But it is the fortune of war, and, possibly, he tired under the weight a little, a.t the pace they set him, which was very hot j the 2 miles being run in 3min 58^secfe, a record that would about win many of our country feat races^Queensland. Brigantine, by Wilberforce, out of the smartNaney Lee, by Maribyrnong, 2 yrs., won the Flying Handi cap, 6 furlongs; after a good race with the Grand Flaneur, 3 jr. old filly Corday; with W. A. Long's Crossfire third. Amongst the unplaced lot was the Queenslander Comus, who found the company a trifle better than at Boga. Time, lmin 16secs. The five furlong January Stakes went to W. Forrester's General Gordon, 2 yrs, by The Drummer, (imp.)—Helen MfGregor, by Tarragon—Lady Mary, by Warwick, Emelene, 2nd was beaten by half a length. Time, lmin 3£secs. Tempe won the Anniversary Handicap, for which Ben Bolt was scratched, after a good race with Minerva by half a length. Distance, 1 mile 3 furlongs. Time, 2min 25^secs. In this race Lancer, 7st 71b, ran last but one. This isn't 1000 guinea form as yet. r The gallant and everlasting Ellington won the Selling Race from a good field, the mile taking lmin 45secs to cover. Legrand's sister Loreli started favourite at " evens on her " for The Bracelet, for which her weight was lOst 8lb, but she was never in it, the winner turning up in the veteran Balmoral, list 91b. The 1£ mile being done in 2min. 17secs. W Josiah Howe, a candidate for Ho. 3 Subdivision of the Division of Woolloongabba, concluded his open ing address to the ratepayers last Friday evening, by stating that, " should the* poll be ever so fat or greasy, he, Mr. Rowe, would easily climb to the top of it.'"' - This was supposed to be a witty side-hit to his opponent in the field, Mr. Harry Baynes, of the Graziers' Butchering Coy. j but just imagine a candidate making desperate efforts to open a pas sage into the Divisional Board by struggling to climb a greasy pole; why, it would be as comical and entertaining in watching the antics of the figure Rowe as reading our own Figaeo (figure Rowe). A correspondent writes me that people going home by the Albion are frequently frightened at seeing a figure standing about in the vicinity. If it were white;it would be called a ghost, but, as it is blue, opinion is divided as to whether it is a letter box! or a policeman. The betting, however, is in favour of the latter proposition, as it is constantly whistling either " The Little Brown Jug," or " Old Brown's Daughter." There is a joke somewhere concealed in this, if you can only find it out. Not a hundred miles from Brisbane this week, one of Sam's J's. P. granted a man a slaughtering license.. He occupied the Bench alone. The Act distinctly states that such a license shall only be granted by two J's. P., or a P.M. and a J.P. But I dare say the Magistrate in question thought that he was big enough to act for two. " Good morning, Mrs. Grilligan, how is Patrick this morning ?" ,f Sure he's no better, sir." " Why don't you send him to the hospital to be treated ?" rt To be treated, is it ? Faith and it's the delarium trimmins he has already." Blackall has an inhabitant, half scoundrel, half idiot, whose dearest pleasure|is to take the axle caps off any vehicle to which he can gain surrepti tious access, in the hope, probably, that somebody may be hurt, even though he may not "be there to see." His last performance was on the Back Track mail buggy, which necessitated the mails being das patched by pack- horse, and caused a deal of trouble and delay. More harmless curs are daily lowered into a tank in a veiy leaky vessel, by the Brisbane police. The cutter Dot, which, with her crew, has been missing from Townsville for some time back, is not yet given up. The cutter, Mystery, in charge of Captain Spring, and provisioned for a fortnight, has been despatched to cruise in localities not already searched. Fruit gardens about "Warwick are, at present, subject to numerous predatory visits. Devourers of cheap fruit should be aware that various pro prietors have loaded their guns, and are nightly on the watch, all ready for a salt and battery. To laugh at this is all very fine, but the salt is all very coarse. A party of shearers who arrived at Beaconsfield to operate upon 250,000 sheep, thought three, and sixpence a score was shear nonsense, and struck on that score. They say they get that on the Darling Downs, where rations are much cheaper. Nominations were received at the Board's Office, Beaudesert, on Monday, 18th inst, from persons willing to fill the vacancies in the Tabragalba Divisional Board—caused by the retirement of three members through effluxion of time. Messrs. Delpratt and O'Neil were returned un opposed for No. 1 and 2 Subdivisions. Mr. Malut, the retiriug member, and Mr. Boyd, of Londer, were nominated for'No. 3 Subdivision. The polling will take place at Beaudesert on Monday. 8th February. Prompted to action by the lowering of the war cloud, Uncle Sam, our Yankee cousin, is seeing about his navy. He has built a new war-ship, or war steamer, that's what he calls a man-of-war, and she is called the Mohican, and will probably be the last of them. Her capabilities are thus described by the New York Herald. "The new ship, Mohican, the pride and glory of our American naval force, has made "her trial trip. She reaclud her destination at last, which is more than the most sanguine expected her to do. She started from Mare Island Navy Yard in very handsome style, and ploughed the rough waters of San Francisco Bay for at least ten miles before anything happened to her. Then something was said by the engineer to be "too tight," and con sequently it broke. After that, her six big boilers. made a superhuman effort, such an extraordinary effort, that the mercury in the fire-room stocd at 150 degrees, and she sped over the wild Pacific at the tremendous rate of eight knots an hour, which is fully one-third faster than the most celebrated pedestrian can walk. From that extreme limit she ran down to four knots, and then the engines were ^topped. This time the trouble was with a crank pin. She came to ancher for a week at Pichilingue, her engines were again stopped on her way to Acapulco, and there were several further stops between the latter place and Corinto. From Corinto to Panama, however, she did not ctop once. This seems incred ible, but the fact is vouched by Commander Day. To make a short story out of a long voyage, she reached Panama before any one of the officers died of old age, and it is confidently asserted that, after she has been practically rebuilt she will be a first class vessel to swing* at anchor and overawe the enemy/' And yet some pig-headed individuals will maintain that the Stars and Stripes float over only a fourth-class navy. Git out! Annie O'Dowd, servant at Bona Vista, the resi dence of R. Falkiner, Toowoomba, went to bed the other night, and proceeded to peruse something- of exceeding interest by the lig-ht of a candle placed on a chair near the bed. When the interest flagged Annie dropped to sleep, forgetting to douse the glim. After a while she awoke and found herself and the room in flames. Her screams brought assistance, but not before she was badly burnt. Dr. Flood was sent for, and Annie, by his directions, was conveyed to hospital. On Saturday last, a number of young men were bathing in the Mary River, and varying their frolics by scrambling on to a raft which was moored close to the bows of the barque Silhet. One of them, named John Taylor, lowered himself by a rope from the barque and attempted to swim to the raft, but sank on the way. The police were immediately in formed, and commenced dragging. In a few minutes the body was recovered and taken to the morgue, where it was identified by his sister, Mrs. Bollinger. As he was known to be a good swimmer, it is sup posed he was seized by ci*amp. No distance is too great for Bob Philp's benevo lence to extend. At the banquet given by the Townsville Caledonian Society to Billy Miles, Bob proposed that a subscription should there and then be started for the benefit of—whom ? The Dorun—? No, bother that. The relatives of the crew of the lost Dot? No! Sufferers by the recent floods in Queensland? Oh! nonsense; look afar. It was for the distressed inhabitants of Foula, one of the Shetland Islands. The meeting at once saw the fitness of the thing, seized upon the idea, and let go their money to the extent of £50, which was collected in a few minutes. The Q.N. Bank became essen tially Caledonian, too, and undertook to remit the money to the distressed, free of all expenses, such as exchange, stamps, and so forth. A Toowoomba would-be masher, being on a visit to Brisbane, invited a young lady to have an ice cream. Whilst in Spilsbury's, the lady's sister entered the shop, sat down at the same table, and was also served with an ice-cream. The masher whispers to the first young lady, " Excuse me, but I have only one shilling. I did not bring much to Brisbane this time. Would your sister mind paying for the lot ?" This same masher considers himself a star in a certain clique in Toowoomba. Daniel Donovan, Crown Lands Hanger, is one of the oldest residents on the Darling Downs When a little lad, he was brought out to Queensland by his guardian, Hon. Q-. Sandeman, and has remained here ever since. Some five years ago, he wrote a series of articles oh " Our Native Timbers and Animals," for the Queenslander, and the articles drew attention throughout the colonies. From his handsome person he is popularly known either as tf Handsome Dan" or " Jolly Dan." J. H. Sleigh is a. candidate for Municipal honors in Townsville, being anxious to represent the intell - gent electors of the North Ward in the Town Council. He objects, he declares, to that ward being converted into a cemetery for defunc£%attle, and will record his protest against the idea. J. H. is, on his own showing, an even-minded man, and promises, if unsuccessful in his candidature, to receive the decision of the electors with his usual equanimity, whereat the North Wardsmen rejoice. It will be a pity if his services are not accepted, for he is great at blank verse, and all the poetry has gone out of that Council sinco George Simpson got his conge. . By-the-way, le petit demagogue, accord ing to current gossip, purposes, ere long, making another bid for a city fathership. If the bid be a successful one, fun on the Bristol may be antici pated. John Dalton, a fitter employed on the railway at Toowoomba, was doing some work about an engine the other day, when it moved, and he was crushed by the cow-catcher. He died almost immediately from his injuries. He leaves a widow and one child, and his mother, three brothers, and sister reside in Ipswich. Alexander Sterling, aged eighteen, was felling pine timber at Lowood, when his axe slipped and fell on his instepj severing an artery. He was taken to the Ipswich Hospital, and attended to by Dr. Dunlop. 