The Horse and his Senses. The horse comes into the world, says the Ohio Farmer, with his five senses in fall vigor. His ears are so arranged that they can be turned to catch a sound from any direetion. His nose is largo and he can scent his friend or enemy a great way off. His mouth is so made that he can tell what he is eating better that you or I can. His feeling is as delicate as the touch of a blind man, his eyes are so placed in his head that he may have a large field of vision. And yet his master, man, who does not like to be deprived of any of his senses, shows a lack of even horse sense when he puts blinds on him and drives him. Why should not a horse see any thing approaching in the rear as well as in the front ? Why not put blinds on him when you ride him or turn him out to graze ? Why binder the proper excercise of his hearing, smell and taste ? The horse is the only animal save the mule, that is blinded. Perhaps his (the mole's) heels might be leathered with some propriety. Biinds cover the most handsome features of the horse. What is prettier than the full hszel eye of a horse? Can a horse reason ? We say yes. Then cannot he come to a better conclusion when his eyes are not obstrcted ? The horse could see the whip in the driver's hand and know when all the members of the fami!y are seated. If he can't see the whip he soon learns to hear the driver pull it from the whip socket. More horses run away because they cannot see, but bear the ghost, than if they could see and hear it too, as seeing often dispels all fear. Nature puts ahaedsome coat of hair on the horse, and yet men use the clippers. And what for ? The man who would do so ought to be stripped of all clothing and vmade to stand in the cold till -well till he could practice the " Golden Role." All horses when warm should be well blanketed, and in fly time well netted, a' stamping at the flies will stilsen the joints and worry the animal- It was a humane act to c.ase the practice of nicking and docking the tail. The horse is one of the most uieful" animals, and we ought treat him kindly. Don't let us make him "g.a it blind" any uore. 