'W. H. Leake's Benefit. Seuoh does an actor at tho Theatre Boyal, Trirhane, meet with such a hearty reoeption as t1 at aoco ded to Mr. W. H. Ijeake last night. Ic was his benefit, and 'Hamlet' was tho pi y eeleottd. When the bantfiiiairo stepped njon the stage olad in the ' oustomary suit of solemn blaok' that is invariably worn by Samlet the Dane, there was apeifuot tempeatof applac te that was again and again renewed. It seemrd is though the audience— and it wns a great one — were determined to show their ap prooiatii n of the sterling good aotor whom they had considerably neglooted during his 8tny in thtir midst. Although it oamo late in the day, Mr. JJeako must have been high'y gcatifiea at this testimony to hisundoubttd merits. Chatterton, when at Drury Lano theatre, said thnt fchakespoare spelt 'ruia.' Tlip, hovevcr, has been emphatically coi tiadoied by tho immenso success of Henry Jrving in theso wondcifulpIayB. Of allShake ipomion plajs, there is not a tingle one that t sts more thoroughly the stuff an aotor is mado of thm 'Bamlet.' A man who can fnotefffi'lly piny the Prince of Denmark of i habeepesre's croation in worthy of patronage tnd support. Mr. Leako's Hamlet ia a file ? Ter'ormance. From first to last he Ins iul'y mask red the idiosynoracies of the Prince. Ho has studhd the character for him self. It is not a copy. Thoro is no Icvicg about it; there is a tot il absence of the stagi neBfl that is the great fault of this emimnt ictor. It is not like Barry Sullivan, for it lacks the i ant thst he invariably puts into it. Nor is it Booth's Samlet in any sense of the te m. although it is more liko it than either of th io her two. Salvki's Prince of Dennunh g quite a different man from Leake's. Fltittory i- not f ocd for imy man, hut when he deserve i dewmight praise he should get it, and Mr. Ier.ko'8 Samlet 18 a masterpiece of ttudy ard notirg. Ho ovidently takes the view tint Hamlet ?fl net roacJ, but merely putting on suoh a temblcnce of madnefB as will blind the k'rg to the ulterior object ho has in view. In the conception of tho chnrac'erLeakoia undoubtedly right A careful reader of 'Hamlet' will 803 in every lino of it 'method in his mid ness.' P.rhapB Mr. Leake's most pawerfal sictirg came out in tho ec:ne with his mother. ' Look on this pioture and on that' was a fine pieoe of declamatory power, and when he uttered in a ringing tone after he had stabbed To'onius, 'Almost as bad, good mother, or bill a kirg and marry with Mb brother.' These lines took the house by storm, and a perfeet round of applau e greeted ihsm. Again in tho play saono ho was praatjand alsoin tho graveyard scene, whilst the tragic finale was well worked up. It ia a 1 horn and pities that the publin had not an op portunity of e«eing Mr. Lei ke in eomo of li's Destcharaoh re earlier in the seison. If they had cone so tho past month's performanns would have told a voty different tale. Mr. Leaie between the acts camo before the curtain aid made a few britf remarks, which he said coald b3 best tuttmed up in three words, ' I thank you.' He then paid a graceful tribute to Mr. W. J. Hclloway and company, who follow tbe present season. The whole of the company had evidently made up their minds to do their hett for Mr. Leake. All the parts were well learned, and, on the whole, the acting 'was good. Miss Adeleplayed Ophelia, and didit well. ItiBagreat character, and cne that has been played by tho greatest living aotreeees. Ophelia, as played by Hies Adele, is pretty and effeotive, but it ia hardly the Ophelia of Shakespeare's play. Mr. C. F. Seailo, as Polonius, spoke and aotsd well. Mr. F. O. Appleton was a good Laertes, and Sam Poolo wbb a splendid First Gravetligger. Mr. J. J. Hatker was a solemn Ghost, speak ing his lines well. As the King Mr. J. Thorpe was rather weak, but Mr. Maitland was first-class ns Horatio. Miss Vivian, as Queen Gertruclt, looked and aoted with dignity, and has reyer done better this season. The mueical portion of the play was woll rendored. Mr. LeaEe was enthusiastically called before the curtain at the end of each act, and the perform ance thionghout was far abovo tho avorage. In eonEequenoe of its immenso suoeoss 'Hamlot' will f e repeated this evening for Mr. Roy Gionfell's heniftt. 