POINTS. Gbbat. ? Tha reaeption accorded to ' la the Hanks.' FifABFUL — Tho starting ai the moos on Saturday. Pttshino.— Soorotary Pouutnoy. Ha makes the Q.T 0 hum properly. Mibbbd Him. — ' Pegasus' at Eagle Farm on Saturday. Down ill. .Bettor soon. Etjebia'b Object.— Ib tho Barne whether it bo 'roaohsd by a zigzag or straight ocrarso. Still 'Winninci. — Trident' beat Tronton on Saturday at woight for ago. A Good Da-x. — Hnlea had thteo winning mounts at tho V.R 0. meeting on Saturday. 0?* She Goes — The President to Hnmpy bong Begaita to-moitow. Puzzling — The oaU'jgrama ab ont tho east ern trouble. Hjs Did — Count Arnhelm'a brothor won tho Derby on Saturday with Fan*. Wo would 'Fain o ' backed it, but didn't. How About It? — Friendless ought to h»ve won the handicap on Saturday. ' And so say all of us.' Watbe tbbbtjs Gnoo— Thii content is carried en, on tho water's bide, with uadiminuhsd ardour. Oads. — Those fellows in tho pit at the Eoya on Saturday sight who howled at the peoplo coming into tho circle. A Nice Trap. — ibeNatone goes to South port and back to-morrow. A jolly day's outing this. Got Dat. — To-morrow. Should ho a big mutter at Eagle Farm. Bap, Tap, Bap.— Tho attendance of the Sabbath Observance Eociaty is called to the hammering which -was going on all yoaterduy at a new honee on the Stanley Bridge Estate. Eight Hoots a Day. — Do not seem to ba enongh for those carpenters who work nine or ten hours on Sunday, besides the eight hours on week-days. Fikch- Hation.— This exporlenoed gold . miner docs not ln'ko Sir Bamuel's interference with the float era littlo game. Didn't ho him eelf once float a Queensland mine ? A Dsebt Iay.— The Q.T.C. Derby is won, Ana Fanolms collated tlio plum, And a good mjiny peoplo got done. Oil my! Vainboro waB fancied, Oil dear ! It was a Vain-liono, I fear, Aid now Ills backers feel qneor. Oh my! Paradox curried eomo gold ; But all his backers got sold. In tlioraco lio never looked b»M. Oh my! ?Wliiilwlnd was left at tho post. And bo certainly hadn't a ghost Of a cbHnce of taking tlio ' toast.' Oh my ! It was rinnio's smbiton to win Tbe Q.T.C. Derby and tin. And lio'd really a good look in. Oil my ! And now that;tho Derby la o'or. Lot's bur; tho batobetunce more. And belaud tbe rcinuor galore. Ob myl A Fact fob You. — In the year 1883 the poultry product of tho States amounted to five hundred and sixty millions of dollars. It waB duublo tho valuo of tho dairy product, and nicro than three times the value of tho cotton ctop. Ecos — Average egps weigh about eight to the pound. Thus ft dozen weigh H lbs. A pound of eggs contain more nourishment than a pound of meat and hone. Henoo, eggs at Is. per dozen ere as economical a food aa beef steak nt Is. Id. per pound. Eo'w io oei Milk. — Wher. *it, oowa must ba fid, it will bo well to teed as largely as poetiblo with bruu. It not only produces mere milk than hay, but tto manure from dairy cattle so fed is a much moro valuable fettilieer. Tub ' Peoteois.'— Are doing tha stum a orator business to tome purpose in New South 'Wake. They bavo made a plan to have indig nation meetings held all over the country simultaneously, as if tho expression wore n spontaneous disapproval of the Qoverninont. Ihe indignation is very mild. Gcod Jokk. — A number of persons signed a petition to the Major of West Alaitland asking him to oall an indignation meeting to petition tho Governor to dissolve Parliament. Thoso who signed the petition did not turn up ; those who had somo indignation did. Afraid of an income and a land tax. Five P'b. — 'Wero absent from tho Union team of cricketers on Saturday; — Perkins, Pride, Patcmarj, Parlane, and Pago. Thoso P'b should put their patei togothar and parley with somo ptrhinets, nnd a littlo olub pride, to put a prettier record on the nsxt page of their proceedings. 