in sfQRimuia. i Two Ghost Stories. We were all seated in the balcony overlooking the harbour, for it was one of those very hot evenings just after Christmas. Charles Seldon (the names in this narrative are, of course, fictitious) had been giving us a graphic account of a private spiritualistic rn'iwee that be had recently attended, and he con cluded by saying, ' The manifestations, as they call them, were truly wonderful, and I cannot account fnr them. There crAild he no susuicion of trickerv. for my friends who conducted the seance are above suspicion. I can only imagine that there is some mysterious force in nature which we do not yet un derstand, for I have no faith in the supernatural. I do not believe that spirits have anything to do with it, nor do I believe any living human being has ever see|i a spirit or a ghost.' 'Mrs. Alton has seen a ghost,' said one of the young ladies. Everyone turned immediately towards Mrs. Alton, a quiet| elderly lady, who was sitting, according to her usual custom, quite in the background, and who seemed very nervous at being thus alluded to. After some little pressing, however, Mrs. Alton told us the following story : — ' It happened when I was about 19 years of age. We were living at Blewboro', in Essex, at the time. My brother Harry, who had been a sailor since he was quite a lad, was then making what was intended to be his last voyage, for it was arranged that on his return lie was to marry Alice Netley and settle on shore. Alice was on a visit to us, and we were chatting over our needlework in what we called the upstairs parlour. Harry was expected home in about two months* time, for we had heard that the ship had left Calcutta some weeks before. We were naturally talking about the forthcoming wedding, and the dresses we were to wear, and so on, when suddenly Alice rose from her seat and with an expression of the greatest delight upon her face pointed towards the window and exclaimed, ' Why, there he is !' I had been sitting with my backtowards the window, butlin stantly turned round, and there I saw, sure enough, my brother Harry in his chief officer's costume, except that his head was bare, looking at us through the window, with a sad and yearning look, and his lips half parted, as if about to speak. For a moment the impossibility of any one looking in at the window, fifteen feet above the ground, did not occur to me, and before I had recovered from the first shock of surprise Alice rushed towards the window, crying out as she went, ' He is all dripping wet ; he is drowned ! ' I rushed towards the window also, but as I moved the figure faded away and vanished from my sight, and Alice, uttering a loud scream, fell senseless on the floor. Help was at once procured, and a doctor was called in, but Alice was seized with brain fever, from which she did not recover for several weeks ; indeed she never regained her former health and strength, and died of consumption in less than a year from that day.' ' And your brother : ' said Charley Seldon. 'I suppose you subsequently heard that he was drowned at that very identical hour and minute that the appari tion appeared to you.' 'No,' replied Mrs. Alton: 'the Ocean Maid, in which my brother sailed from Calcutta, was never heard of after she left that port, but I shall always believe that she was wrecked or foundered just at that moment, and that the spirit of my poor dear brother was permitted to appear to those he loved so well before entering into the eternal world.' ^ ' What about the spirit of his uniform r' whis pered Charley Seldon in my ear. ' And what became of the ghost of his eap, that it never put in an appearance at all ?' 'Peace, sceptic,' was my reply. ' I don't know that I saw a ghost, but I believe I once saw the reflection of one,' said our genial host. ' Let's hear the yarn,' exclaimed Charley. ' It was during my first visit to England,' said Mr. Hartley 'and you may imagine how a young native of the colony like myself enjoyed a trip to the land of his ancestors. I received most hearty welomes from relatives of whom I had heard much, but whom I had never seen before, and none received me more kindly than Uncle Groves, who had married my mother's only sister. Mv aunt had been dead for some years, but Uncle 6 roves in the most cordial manner insisted that before I returned to Australia I should pay him a long visit at his place near Tad derley, in Warwickshire. The business which was the excuse for my journey home lay principally in London, and until this was transacted I could not accept the invitation ; but towards tlie middle of September I found things were so well forward that I could spare a fortnight or three weeks before making the final preparations for my return in October. Accordingly I started by train from the Euston station one fine autumn morning, and arrived at the Puddiland junc tion in the afternoon , about 4 o'clock. Here 1 found Uncle Groves, with* his dogcart, waiting for me, and we started for Tadderley some 12 or 14 miles distant. On the road Uncle Groves ex plained to me that the Leafields, as his property was called, had been bequeathed to him by a somewhat distant relation, who died twelve months or so pre viously to my visit. This relation, known as Squire Rodens, had been an exceedingly eccentric character. In his early youth he had been rather fast, if not dissi pated, but when only about 24 years of age he suddenly changed and reformed his style of life altogether. 'Rumour said that this was owing to a disappoint ment in love ; but whether that was the cause or not the fact remained that Squire Roden gave up all his former habits and became almost a misanthrope. ! Prom that time for more than 50 years he had never i visited, and never received company. He seldom went j off his own grounds, and occupied only two or three j rooms on the ground floor of Leafields House, all the other apartments being shut up and locked. His j only attendants were a man who looked after the j garden, and his wife, who cooked for the squire and I kept tidy his limited suit of apartments. He had j quarrelled with all his immediate relations, especially j those who had sought to draw him from his retire- ; ment; ' and,' said Uncle Groves, * I can only account J for his making me his heir from the fact that I never j bothered him at all.' Leafields House, he told me, when he came into possession of it, was in a most dilapidated condition, and the furniture in the rooms I that had been shut up so long was worm-eaten, mouldy, mildewed, and worthless. 'Fortunately,' said he, 'the squire left me, among other things, a good round balance in the bank, so I have had the old place renovated and almost new furnished throughout.' ' We reached the Leafields in due time, and I was heartily welcomed by my two pretty cousins. After dinner several neighbours were invited in to be intro duced to the Australian visitor, and we had music and dancing, and spent a very pleasant evening. Early hours seemed to prevail at Tadderley, for the guests all left before 11 o'clock, and about half-an* hour afterwards I bade good night to my uncle and cousins and went up to bed myself. 'My bedroom was a large and lofty apartment. The walls were papered with a bright floral design. The bed was a light irsn one, with curtains of white and I pink. The night being chilly, a fine log fire had been | lighted on the open hearth— the first wood fire I had seen since leaving Australia. Everything in the room was bright and light, with the exception of the man telpiece, which was very massive and of dark carved oak. Over the mantel was an immense oval mirror, with an elaborate gilt frame, near the bottom of which were two gilt cupids, holding each a wax candle in his hand. The mirror and the mantelpiece, I afterwards found, were the only portions of the former decorations left in the room. ' I opened my valise and took out my night-gear, which I placed upon the bed, I then filled my meer schaum, and having put the logs together, sat down to enjoy the fine and my pipe. Seeing some books upon the dressing-tables close to my elbow, I took up one, and finding it to be Maryatt's ' Midshipman Easy,' I commenced to read that very amusing work. I mention all these things to show you that tbtere was nothing in my then surroundings to lead to morbid or superstitious thoughts. After having finished mv smoke I knocked out the ashes, and placed the pipe and the book on the table, and standing up before the fire took a look at myself in the mirror — for I thought something more of my personal appearance in those days than I do now. Just as I was about to turn away to undress I noticed that my figure in the glass seemed suddenly to fade away, and I no longer saw the reflection of my neat, comfortable bed- chamber, but what seemed 'to be a different apartment alto gether. There was a bed, but it was a heavy wooden one, with a canopy and hangings of blue and gold damask, and the furniture I saw reflected in the glass was of carved oak to match the bedstead. That 1 was astonished at this change, you may suppose, and I gazed almost spellbound at the sight. The cur tains of the bed, which seemed to me to be closed when I first saw them, were now drawn back ; the coverlet of the bed was partly turned down, disclosing the head and bust of a girl appa rently about 18 or 19 years old. The long golden hair iay floating over the' pillow, forming, as it were, an aureola around one of the most beautiful, though most sorrowful faces I ever saw. The nightdress was just sufficiently open to show a gaping wound below the left breast, from which the crimson blood welled out, forming a gory pool on the white coverlet, from which a little stream had just began to trickle down to the floor. The eyes, which seemed to be shut at first, were now open and staring, as though wild with fright, and the whole face had the pallor of death. ' The horror I felt at this sight it is impossible to describe ; though the feeling was but momentary, for I had always been as great a sceptic with regard to matters supernatural as our friend Seldon here. The idea of some trick, possibly played by my lively cousins, at once occurred to my mind. I faced hastily round, and there beheld the white and pink hangings, the iron bedstead, the modern furniture, and the surroundings of my bedroom just as usual. I turned to the mirror, and there saw only my own somewhat scared countenance, backed by the white and pink hangings, the iron bedstead, and the modern surroundings just as should have been reflected. There could have been no jugglery about the mirror, for it leant forward from the chimney- wall, leaving a definite space between, and in no way could I account for the mysterious sight I had seen. I sat down before the fire, filled and lit my pipe again, and from time to time got up and looked into the mirror, but nothing abnormal could I behold ; so at last, being pretty well tired out, I undressed, turned into bed, and slept as soundly as ever I had done in my life. ' There was nothing in the demeanour of my cou ins, when I met them in the morning, to indicate that they had been playing a practical joke upon me, so I said nothing about what I had seen over-night, and, i although I looked into the mirror with considerable | curiosity every night during the rest of my stay at LeafielcLs House, the mysterious reflection was never repeated. I spent my days in shooting, fishing, riding out with the girls, and visiting the neighbours around, and there was | some pleasant little social gathering every evening ; but my nights were never again troubled by even the reflection of an apparition.' j 'I expect,' remarked Seldon, ' you went to sleep over your pipe, and dreamed the whole affair.' j ' No,' answered Mr. Hartley, ' I am certain I was not asleep.' 'How, then, do you account for it at all:' de manded our host. ' I do not pretend to account for it aU,' replied Charley. ' And did you never see the mysterious fair one with the golden locks r ' ' No,' said Mr. Hartley, ' for she died half a cen tury before I visited the Leafields.' 'How do you know that:' eagerly inquired Charley Seldon. ' Because I saw her portrait. A few days before I I returned to London we made up a party to visit Carliord Castle, the property of Lord Carlford, who was living in Italy at that ltme on account of the health of his only daughter. There was a fine picture gallery at the castle, and a superb collection of mediaeval arms and armour, in all of which I took a great interest. My cousins, and most of the rest of the party, had seen the collection before, but to me it was very novel, and I paid the utmost attention to the explanations and descriptions given by the elderly housekeeper, who accompanied us around. The ol'd lad)' was indeed so gratified by the interest I evinced in the curiosities of the place, that after we had gone through all the rooms usually shown to visitors, and while the others of the party had gone to inspect the conservatory and greenhouse, Mrs. Manners took me into some of the more private apartments of the castle. Among other rooms, she showed me Lady Carlford's boudoir, amost elegantly furnished apartment you may be sure. Here, on a cabinet, I noticed a miniature painted on ivory, which I at once recognised as a portrait of the wounded beauty I had seen in the mirror. In reply to my eager inquiries, Mrs. Manners told me it was the likeness of Lady Constance Carlford, the young est daughter of the grandfather of the present fearl.' 'Ah ! poor thing,' said the old lady, ' she was in some way connected with your family, or rather with that of Air. Groves. It was before my time, but I have heard that she was in love with Squire Roden, of the Leafields, but the family objected to the match. ' What became of Lady Gonstance: ' I asked. ' That is what no one knows,' replied the house keeper; 'she is said to have mysteriously disappeared some 50 years ago. Some say she eloped with Squire Roden ; others think she was forced into a convent by the Earl, who is said to have been of a very arbi trary disposition ; but no one knows the truth.' 'What do you think was her fate:' inquired Seldon of the host. ' I have no theory on the subject,' replied Mr. Hartley. ' She may have eloped with the Squire to the Leafields ; she may have committed suicide ; or she may have befen murdered. If she met her death in that room, the scene, by some mysterious law of nature, which nobody knows about at present, may have been photographed as it were upon the mirror, so as to become visible only at rare intervals, and it may have been my good fortune to be present when one of those intervals occurred. I am not philosopher enough to be able to account for it. But talking is dry work. Let us go inside.' W. I. T. 