St. John's Mission. A SKOTica washeldin St. John'sChurohon the 2nd instant, for the propose of welcoming the clergymen just arrived from New Zealand, who are to condnot certain mission services here prior to returning to their spheres of operation at home. In accordance with, the " Introductory services of the Mission," as prescribed by the Durham Mission Hymn Book in use at these services, the clergy and choir met the misaioners at toe church porch, and conducted them to the ohancel step, when the olergy and choir proooedsd to their aocus tomed plaoes. The Bev B. Hacdyside read toe prescribed service, and the hymn, " Come Holy Ghost," was chanted. After toe intro ductory service had been read, the bishop pro nounced toe following:—"Beverendand dear Brethren,—You have come here at our invi tation, to preaoh a mission in this place. We bid you a hearty welcome in the name of toe Lord; and I commend to your loving care and faithful teaching the souls of those, who, during this mission, shall assemble here: and I pray that God, Who has given you the will to do this work, may grant you strength and power to perform toe same for His glory, and the good of many souls: through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. God toe Bather, God toe Son, and God toe Holy Ghost, bless, preserve, guide, and strengthen you now and for ever more. Amen." The Bev. 0. Bodington then delivered an address, taking for his' text the oommission of Christ, given to his disoiplee to preach the Gospel, oontained in St. Matthew 28, 18-20 verses. He compared toe service of toe church to the sturdy labour done by the early settlers who ventured their lives and com fort as pioneers in this strange and uncultivated country, so .that they and toe English people might take possession of this goodly land, and if, oontinued the preacher, snoh self negation, suoh persevering labour, was exer cised in temporal matters, how muck more glorious was the pioneer work of the ohnroh. The early settlers had never said to any difficulty, '.'can't;" and why should toe servant of the living ,God . ever permit toe word to be used in carrying out the work of the ohuroh F The hymn, " Bevive Thy Work, O Lord!" having been snng, th9 service was olosed. ' Servioes in connection with this mission were held on Sunday last at St. John's, All Saints, Trinity Chureh, and St. Andrews, and at St. John's during the week. 