i-foot-ot-misery, and |ilid.- .Bat Call Is iii- ( -tiwaa "beginning: j—" lie iaterrnptefl alooL . „ , Ihfe • andeommenccd-r f -tt-hen X •WBS'Btandin^ cashier- /when b. papecs at the regular of them very FfaaSain 811,1 a ® ain u ' n ," f|Te must have disposed " I remarked to its >e nuide nearly a <lolitjiour." • 1L official, thoughtfully; Lave to trust lum f<* kii: iometking wrong about be is. Guess he's forced has a father who takes • "Ianswered. "These have a tough iwd to & I spoke, I heard the [jttl roioe pipiu? oil aide the , panebs, please.' lail.and went round to a t-e± to get a cocktailbe" ,ut leouldn't get tbe idea isS>oy out of my .head ; an ™» of as were chatting oyer t™ 'ground of my mind's re- L W( , while we were laughing " j e [j—s* jokes, I heard Ttlie 1,1 a w the hoy again, with ,his jjtj and looking whiter than „ s determined to .find out a, liiiitc ins his opportunity, and j e barkeeper at leisure he t iiuidlv, and I heard him Lifted, give me a -glass of .cnu tev." rj,( ited barkeeper, Dall, gave I aid cheese, some water with it, and added;" Pitch in, goi j your mother 5"' the little croak from the "but Fin bully, you bet; seven papers to-night and orae. Bet your sweet life, jfL They're mighty good," i£.mc at the office, and the JSiree extra papers. jMad e Ints to-night. VTegotcoa eat and bread for mother K> long." st< d petrified. I liad just set up : or the crowd—£1 25—and s, ,tle fellow working like a \ uid bone, for his mother, e) brute." . m i, as it were," said DalL CM ietically weary," I replied. |rba1 tlid you do next?" queried o nytliing for several nights, t ;et the little beggar out of J ,ne night I cornered him. i an . asked me to buy a paper, he -mid ruii off after getting ,,I laid: ij! rane and get a cup of coffee to cat; you look hungiy." : f i rfgefclooked at me with .his yes for a moment, and said: sa belong to the newspapers, i s en you look kind at me, but u» coSl'c HOC "nuffen, only I |pa crs t night, ' and if ye'd like if ice of the coffee, I :can use it KJ better';" I asked. p< 5 <i the boy. Bst he was a tID 11. "Fran;I ? Well, let me ! tliat boy to take }»u up to lived, tf -Sy>e was getting well ste more by luck than through rail wanted for nothing fvoiu c teicd until the night I saw |iit< a? a ghost and thin as a pallet bed in an alley off |wt. ' rfat did you do?" queried P (or my landlady, and to BVI* didn't get it, and ior a whole week." a Iter an J the little newsboy ?" -I'cii, you saw her just now, •Bp and hearty, don't she? mil is doing first- rate." rr husband—dead?"' "No: t!ai. lie is in Rail Queniin |Hc ulai H , don't, you l'e- "' cs.Ido; but the little newst kr to talk about that yet si '.p k my anns three weeks y ii tieai ior hours before it was i-r before the end came, he won't want. I shall ask as soon as I see Him, and, Good-bye, mother, good- Dall, yeu're crying, as I Get out of this, you old and report vow Pecksniff ie a pinch of gnu If with the Iwcre not exactly dry, cither. fis becoming pre-eminently palatial residences. Fifteen £ted magnificent domiciles (twelve months. A Structure ttia L10,000 is now con- •worth remarking. 