Are Animals Superstitious ? It is tot unusual for the Scottish shepherd to gravely say, when Ids sheep carefully avoid some particular locality, that .' they must hac seen a geast there," and he will assure you that there ave j " old kirks and brigs and ither uncanny places which all the dowgs in Scotland could na get his sheep to pass by. But the dowg will sometimes see the geast, too, and then he wilina gang by there bimse!'." Upon one occasion the writer had the oppor- tunity of studying the superstitious proclivities of a great Newfoundland dog whose chances of associating with children had been very limited. With some visitors to his house came a child with a doll large enough for the dog to take in the human characteristics of its head and face, sur- mounting the dress in their 2»oper order and pro- portion ; this, united with such fairy-like dimen- sions, constituted a mystery too profound for the mental penetration of Lion. He was delighted with the association of the child, as it was the first of the kind with whom he was on terms of intimate acquaintance. He would follow her about every- where and lavish upon her the most friendly atten- tions ; but the doll, " None of it in mine, thank you," but he was careful to keep on that side of his little friend furthest away from the doll. Noticing these actions the writer took the doll and advanced it toward the dog, who retreated with the utmost precipitaton, but finally ho was backed into a corner, and on finding his retreat cut off, he made a dash past the doll with an energy which could not have been more desperate if his life bad been at stake. But the most comical part of the circus was the pretence he made of not being frightened. As soon as he secured an open line of retreat he would take up a position at a respectable distance and skip and caper and bark in a manner which clearly indicated, " Who's afraid ? If there is any dog in this neighborhood that is afraid of fairies he cannot be discovered in this direction." But the moment the doll was advanced toward him he ran, all the same. It is not uncommon for cats to play with a soap bubble without appearing to be more than astonished or mystified by its sudden disappearance. In one case, however, puss was so demoralized by the mystery as to grow big-tailed and spit at any soap-bubble which might happen to fall to the floor and drift across it. Another which up to that time had never seen a colored person, fled so precipatately from a good-looking negro girl that it tumbled into a grating from which it could not bo coaxed until hunger overcame its terror ; and the oddity of it was that puss hereself was as black as a coal. O wad some power the giftie gie us 2*o see oursels as ithcrs see us. A farmer was greatly annoyed by his neighbour's pig getting into his potato field and harvesting on his own account. Whenever he drove the aggressor out ho was forced to lay down a panel of the snake fence, as bacon in the conscious state is always careful never to betray the place where it enters a bonanza by going out there, unless he is very hard pressed by dogs. The farmer had dili- gently searched for a defect in the fence, but failed to find one where the pig could by any possibility enter, so he concluded to watch, and soon had the satisfaction of seeing the thief enter the end of a crocked, hollow log which mude a part of the fence, one end being in his field and one in that of his neighbour. After driving the burglar out he changed the position of the log, so that both ends were in his neighbour's field, and concluded to watch the result. Soon the pig came along and went through the log, as usual, but upon searching for potatoes he found only pasture grass, and after some little delay he seemed to arrive at the conclu- sion that he had not gone through the log at all, so he went through again, and upon emerging into the pasture-field seemed more mystified than ever, but after a more protracted search for the potatoes than ever before he seemed to conclude that owing to some blunder of his own he had not really gone through the log, so in he went again and out into the pasture-field, but this tune he stood still as a statue for aboub half a minute, and slowly the bristles began to stand erect along his back, and with two or three tremendous sniffs he set off at the top of his speed for the house of his owner, and never afterwards could be induced to approach that part of the pasture-field. A gentleman who is now, as the old Greeks would say, with the gods, pledged his veracity upon the following statement: "When a youth, on my father's farm near the boundary of Canada and Vermont, I owned a young mare which I called Kitty ; she was black as jet. Upon the occasion of a social gathering of young people at a neighbor's, some miles off, I rode there on this favorite filly. When the party broke up toward midnight my friends advised me to take a roundabout way home, as the short cut lay through the glen, where the headless trunk of a British officer, said to have been killed by a cannon shot in some frontier encounter, was in the habit of appearing. I laughed at their fears, and took the short cut home. The night was dark, and the shadow of the trees made the glen darker. Just as I got to the spot where the ghost was said to appear the mare stopped from the canter so suddenly by bracing her fore feet, that she al- most threw me over her head, which made rae show some temper in endeavoring to force her past ; but she would not go. After fruitlessly struggling with her for some time I concluded to ride back a little way and get ker over her fright, and then turn and go home, but she did the same thing the second time and at the same spot. Again I rode back, but this time I could hardly hold her from running away, and I had great difliculty in turning her head homeward this third time, but finally got her started and then put her to her speed. In order to give her no time to balk I struck her sharply with the whip just at the dreaded point, and it seemed to me that at a single bound, we went fifty feet through tho air, and then she went like the wind. I could not hold her in. When we got home she was teem- ing with perspiration and trembling like a leaf. I put her in the stable, rubbed and covered her with blankets to keep her from taking cold ; then I stole to my room through the back door, so that my father would not know how late I liad boon out. In the morning I was startled out of my sleep by the old gentleman standing by my bedside and wrath fully demanding why I had traded Kitty off with- out his permission, and upon my declaring that I had not, he ordered me to come to the stable and see whether I had or not. I hastily dressed, and found upon entering the stable a gray mare in the stall where I had placed Kitty the night before. I was dumbfounded, and, on proceeding to examine the strange animal, found that when I mentioned the name of Kitty it wliinnied and laid its head on my shoulder j«st as Kitty had always done when- ever I spoke to her in that way. Further investi- gation showed that it was in reality Kitty, but that every alternate hair in her jet-black coat had turned white during the night. You may or may not believo the story, but I know that it is true." -New York World. Early on Sunday morning a weatherboard cottage at the East End, Orange, was burnt to the ground. The building and contents, including ¿814 in notes, were entirely consumed. The property belongs to Mr. Chambers, an employe1 of the railway, who was absent in Dubbo. Mrs. Chambers, hearing a noise in the yard, went out with a lamp. On re-entering the house, she stumbled and fell, and the lamp exploding caused the fire. The building is in- sure* _ , On the last trip of the Casino to Lawrence mail coach the poles and spring broke ; Mr. M'Dougall, auctioneer, Casino, was one of the passengers. He was thrown out, and dislocated his right shoal- j der. j 