THE TOTALIZATOR. AN agitation in favor of again legalis ing the use'.of tb© Totalizator in South Australia has been initiated in Ade laide, and a crowded meeting in the Town- Hall, on Tuesday evening, cheered Mr. W ard to the echo in his flowery and enthusiastic eulogiums on the value of horse racing as a moral and pecuniary blessing to mankind, Mr. Ward,-undoubtedly, made a very effec tive defence of sport, but when he touched the special matter in hand his logic was singularly weak and incon elusive^ It does not follow because legitimate racing iB good that betting also is good, nor does it follow that be* cause people will bet the Legislature ought to provide an easy and safe way for indulging in it. But Mr. Ward's crowning weakness was in contending that Parliament in repealing the Totalizator Act aimed a blow ,at what we may, for the sake of argument, set down as one of our great national sports. As is well knowfi^ the Totali zator Act obtained legislative sanction | on the plea that it would virtually abolish gambling in its worst features., It was a tentative measure, and as j such was granted a fair trial. It was , then found that it did not materially lessen betting as ordinarily practised, while it introduced such an easy and pleasant way of doing BO that the com munity quickly fell into the trap, and the betting mania received a develop ment that fairly took people's breath away. The Act did not heal the old ulcer, and it introduced .a machine that opened a new one of more start ling dimensions. The Totalizator be ing thus found a mistake - being proved not to be a wise or beneficial innovation-was condemned and re pealed by Parliament. This was done without any intention or wish to affeet racing prejudicially; in fact racing was left precisely where it was be fore the Totalizator found it, and if it has not taken its proper place in Adelaide since, the cause, we believe, will be found in the short comings of sporting men, not in the repeal of the Act. Had Mr. Ward spoken the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, he would have said that racing has reached its present low ebb in the metropolis owing to the quarrels and divisions of its would-be patrons, They will not pull together, and it was only the illegitimate gains of the totalizator that enabled them to pull at all during its brief existence. Racing can 1 thrive without the totalizator 5 it does so in every well regulated community possessed of genuine sportsmen. South Australia was the only province of Australia that ever einjoyed its un healthy stimulus; it is the only province that will now venture to assert its need of such a crutch- If Adelaide cannot maintain its race meetings without it it had better go without them. The Town Hall was evidently packed with a one-sided audience. Every catch expression in favor of racing and betting was cheered to the full; those who attended to take the other side were hooted, and had hard work to obtain a hear-, ing. On the one side there was frousy clap-trap, which was accepted as sound logic; on the other facts and figures, which met only derision. Tbe friends of the Totalizator were able to pose as patriots ; its opponents were set down as canting humbugs. But the result of the meeting will have little weight with the country, and, we may hope, as little with Parliament. The Totalizator will need more satis fying arguments in itSBupport before it is again galvanized, and the racing men of Adelaide should do better than whine over its loss. I LONDON WOOL SALES.-We have received, through the courtesy of Messrs. Barrett and j Gaillard, returns of the London wool sales for the 14 days from April 2 to 15, inclusive. We make a note of the following sales of South. Eastern and Border clips Sold by Jacomb, Son, and Co.-Mingboolover NO-6 grse 2nd lmbs 0d. Sold by Buxton, Ronald, and Co. Glencos-8 gray 1st cmbg Od, 23 do, dp, do. Sd, 4 grey cmbg 7ja, 1 grsy 5d, 14 grsy 1st 7fcd, 5 grsy orkn 7d, 5 grsy 1st pes 6d ; JG^-48 gray sup 8d, 25 gray 9d, 38 grsy pes 7£d, 20 do, do, £ 5$d, I sea pes lid, 3 do. do, Od, 3 scd kks ?£d s Benyeo-»36 grsy 1st pes 6d. 10 grsy bel lies SJd, 8 god pes 104d, 1 acd bellies Did, 3 sod icks %a ; Binnua-22 grsy sup Od, 55 grsy 9d, 7 do. Sid, S7 gray 1st pea 7Jd, 22 grsy bellies 5d. 2 ficd 1st Is Id, 12 ecd pea 10d, 6 do. do. 94a, 1 scd Icks 7Jd ; OS, Hynam-16 grsy 1st Is Oid, 5 grsy 2nd lOjjd. Sold by Willans and Over bury i-Tintinara-20 gtsv A cmbg 8d, 20 grsy 3d, Do do. 6£d, 8 do. 4$d, 10 grsy pes .lid, 12 do. do. 4d, 1 grsy blck and crsbd 5$d : Murrabinna-20 gray 1st ombg 8d, 12 grsy 2nd cmbg, 74d, 12 grsy 1st 7$d, 7 grsy 2nd 7d : H & IT over Mur?abinna~ll grsy 1st and 2nd cmbg 8d, 14 grsy 1st ap£ 2nd 7^d, 14 grsy 1st pes 6d, 2 grsy 2nd pes and bellies SUj WS-15 grsy 7jd, 42 do, 7d, 1 grsy pes 3|d; Wildfielas over THS - o5 grsy 7Ad. 21 do. 6*d j VG-13 Etrsy crs-bd 0|d1 K 6 grey mxd blk 8W ; Kercoonda-1 sea lmbs 8a } KybyboJite-12 grsy 1st cmbg hgtu Is Id, 31 cmy 1st cmbg lid, 23 dp. do, do. 10a, 2 grsy 2nd cmbg 5|d, 6 grsy Od, 1 do. 7od, 6 grsy 1st lmbs Is 2d, 11 grsy 2nd lmbs 7$a, 14 grsy 1st fs Did, 24 grsy 2nd pes 7£d, 20 grsy bellies d, l grsy loks 3Jd, 14 scd pes lOd, 5 scd Icks d. Sold by Henry P. Hugnea & Sons-Kil. lanoola-57 gray cmbg 1st 8id, 57 do. do. do. Sd, 6 grsy cmbg 2nd 7id, 24 grsy cltfcg 1st 8d, 21 gray pes G£d, 17 scd pes 10£d, 2 scd bellies 7£d; MA-28 grsy cmbg yjd, 38 do, do. 9d, 22 do. do, 83d j 14 grsy pes 1st 7d, 7 grsy lmbs, 1st Did, 8 scd lmbs Sd, 8 scd pea Od ; HS in parallelogram~2 grsy ombg A and B 04d, 1 grsy lmbs 7d, 3 grsy pes 7jd, 2 scd Icks and pes I'd ; Conmurra-17 'grsy cmbg 1st Sd, 10 grsy cmbg 2nd 7W, 10 grsy plihg 7d, 2 grsy crs-bd 6id; E. de Garis, JSarracgofte-20 grsy cmbg 1 "and 2 Sd, 2 grsy lmb 5M, <3 grsy pes 4jd, % grsy cu-hd 7{d: I de Garis-U grsy ombg 1st 7^d, i gray embff deep-grown 6id, 1 do, do, do, drogd 5W, 1 grsy cmbg sna lmb Sjd.Sgrgy bellies and peg 4d, 2- scd 64d.; J and GT-25 grsy A 7&d;, ? grsy B 7d, 2 "grey Itab (id: Brinibago-20 grsy 7a, 8 gray pqs 4d i LMJ, Lucinitele-14 grey cmbg feed, 4 grsy snibg fit}, i jjjfsy cvn\si fd j grey cmbg 8Jd, 1 do. do. deep-grown 7id, 1 gray lmb 7d, 4 scd pes lid, 2 scd and grsy 7d ; DC, Bowaka-14 grsy cinbg 8d, 2 grsy pes 3d ; A over AW-6 grsy cmbg 8d, 1 do. do. dmgd 7id; TB-8 grsy hgt 9d, 13 grsy 8d, 3 grsy pes 4d ; EH, Lake Eliza-12 grsy 7£d, 2 do. 4|d, 5 grsy fine crsbd 7d, 1 grsy various 3Ad. Sola by Charles Balme & Co.-TO, in parallel ogram-52 cmbg grse7d, 23 do. do. 6d, 41st and 2nd lmbs grse 4^d; Gillap-63 cmbg grse GJd, 5 1st lmbs grse 7$d, 4 2nd lmbs grse 6d 5 WH -26 cmbg grse 7d, 1 dmgd do. do. Od, 3 lmbs grse 6£d; T Magarey, INarracoorte-45 hgts cmbg grse 9jd, 41 cmbg grse 8d, 55 do. do. J^d, 7 do. do. 6d, 4 lmbs grse 8d, 5 do. do. 3d, 1 dmgd brkn grse 4Jd, 30 pes grse 6d, 0 do. do. 'lid, 20 do. ao., 5Jd, 10 bellies grse 3id, S do. do. 3d, 8 lcks grse 2$d; Mt. Schanck 10 hgts cmbg lid, 10 cmbg lid, 19 do. lUd, 5 clthg lOJd, 28 bgts fine cross cmbg U*d, 14 do. do. do. do. lid, 38 fine cross cmbg lid, 28 hgts fine oross 10Jd, 12 fine cross lOid, 22 do. do. Ud, 12 do. do. lOd, 15 do. do. 0W, 1 cross blk 8d; Cairnbanlc over JB - 7 B scd 9d, 2 lmbs scd 8Jd, 54 1st cmbg grse 8d, 19 2nd combing grease 7$d, 1 cross cmbg grse fld, 1 dmgd grse 6d, 21st linbB grse 7d. Bold by Helmuth Schwartze and Co, -Yallutn~70 grsy 1st cmbg lOjd, 30 do. do. do. lid, 4 grsy 2nd ctnbg 10ia, 32 grsy 1st clthg ll$d, 18 do. do. do. lOd, 10 grsy rams 0$d, 28 grsy brkn 7$d, 22 grsy 1st pes 7d, IS ^rsy Ireffies 5Jd ; Mingbool over NC-14 scd CHRIST CHUKOH READING SOCIETY.-A suc cessful meeting of the Christ Churchy Reading Society was held on Wednesday evening under the management of Mr, John Jacob, President. It was attended by between 40 and 50 mem bers. Dr. Johnson continued his discourse on 'The Brain." He amplified certain parts of the subject on which he touched only briefly at the previous meeting, and dealt with several points that he altogether omitted before. The ecture was attentively listened to and much appreciated. Mr. V. J, Pavia read an extract from " Harry Lorrequerand Miss Alexander read an answer to the enquiry "What is the cause of red_ snow?" Dr. Johnson subse quently explained that, red snow was a micros copic plant. Other items on the programme had to be deferred. MOUNT GAMBIER COURSING CLUB.-The open ing meeting of the Mount Gambier Coursing Club for this year, fixed, as has already been stated, for June 2, is advertised. The stake is open to an unlimited number of locally owned dogs at £1 Is. each. The winner will receive a bracelet worth £10 10s., and the runner-up £3 8s. The nominations are re quired to be made by ladies, and must be in tne hands of the Secretary by noon of Monday next. The draw will take place at Newton s Commercial Hotel on Tuesday evening. INSOLVENCY COURT. - In the Insolvency Court to-day there is to be a final hearing in the estate of Henry Inglis, of Narracoorte, farmer; and on Monday there_ will be an adjourned audit meeting and a dividend meet ing in the estate of Charles Brown, of Narra coorte, boarding-housekeeper and shoemaker, and a dividend meeting in the estate of J. H. Mitchell, of Mount Gambier, shoemaker. THE SALVATION ABMY.-On < the Queen's Birthday the Salvationists of Millicent held a demonstration. They mustered in strong force, and had their numbers considerably strength ened by a contingent of members frotn the Mount Gambier Corps, who went down by train. In the afternoon after a march round the township, in which nearly 200 took part, a public tea was held, and 400 or more sat down. A public meeting was held in the Bible Christian Church in the evening. The building was all too small, and numbers had to stand outside the door. Captain Birkenshaw, of Mount Gambier, conducted, being assisted by Captain Lines, of Millicent. Next morning a number of the Mount Gambier Salvationists went by train to Beachport'. They returned to Mount Gambier the same afternoon. Captain Lines farewelled at Millicent on Tuesday night and left for Adelaide on Thursday morning. It is probable that in future Millicent will be worked as an outpost of Mount Gambier, and that a Becond lieutenant will be-sent to Mount Gambier to assist in the extra work thus en tailed. On Wednesday the little soldiers corps . of Mount Gambier had a pic- nio in the Moorak paddock. There were about 100 soldiers and a large number of other children and adult friends present, and, the weather being fine, all enjoyed themselves. Lieutenant Kennawell, who has taken much interest and trouble in training the children, exerted himself success fully to promote the pleasure of all. Late in the afternoon a juvenile tea was held in the Barracks, and in the evening a children's meet ing. The little soldiers were on the platform, and under the guidance of Lieutenant Kenna well sang and recited very creditably. The hall was crowded. THE ROMAN CATHOLIC BISHOP AND TOTAL ABSTINENCE.-On Monday morning last the ceremony of blessing and presenting a new banner and bannerette to the St. Patrick's and Sacred Heart Branches of the Guild of St. John the Baptist Total Abstinence Society' was performed at St.OFranois Xavier's Cathedral, Adelaide, by Bishop Reynolds, in the presence of a crowded congregation. The Bishop, after blessing the standards, gave an address on the work of the Guild, in the course of which be said ;-" As Bishop^ his life was well known amongst his people. In point of fact he had virtually been a member of the Guild since its commencement. But it had nevertheless been remarked that he had not positively identified himself with the move ment. Knowing this, he would with the blessing of God join them that day, He was not a man to ask a victim to drink or any one else to do what he would not cheerfully do himself. As shepherd and leader of the Church, he deemed it his duty as an act of reparation for the sins of his people, and to show how he deplored the evils that intoxicating drink had wrought on members of the Church, to become a pronounced abstainer, and there fore in presence of the Blessed Sacrament he promised to abstain from all intoxicants to the end of his life." TRAIN ALTERATIONS.-Another change has been made in the time-table of the. Mount Gambier and Rivoli Bay railway. On and after June 1 the ordinary train will leave Mount Gambier for Beachport at 8.30 a.m., and reach the port at 11.32 a.m. On every day but Wednesday they will leave Beachport for Mount Gambier at 2 p.m., and reach here at 5.2 p.m. On Wed nesdays the trains will leave Beachport as at present, at (J p.m., 'and arrive at Mount Gambier at 9.2. The time of the extra train on Saturday will also be changed. It will leave Beachport at 8.49 a.m., and reach Mount Gambier at 11.53 ; leave Mount Gambier on its return at 5.10 p.m. and arrive at Beachport at 8.12 p.m. The alterations of the time table will give an interval of two and a half hours at Beachport instead of two hours, as at present. The full time table is as follows: Down Trains. Miles. Stations. Daily. f$ur?dT. ' a. 111. p.m. \- Mount Gambier, dep. 8.30 5.10 21 Lucieton, arr. 0.39 6.10 ,, dep. 0.44 0.22 29 Millicent, . s/r. 10.12 6.50 dep. 10.20 7.0 37 Rendelsbanj, arr. 10.45 7.25 " dep. 10.47 7.27 51 Beachport, arr. 11.82 8.12 Up Trains. Daily, ex- Extra Miles. Stations. cept on on Wednesdays. Saturdays, p.m, a.m. ? - Beachport, dep. 2.0 8.49 14 Rendelaham, arr. 2.45 9.34 " dep. 2.47 6.36 22 Millicent, arr. 3.12 10.1 " dep. 8.20 10.13 30 Lucieton, arr. 3.48 10.41 " dep. 3.53 10.44 51 Mount Gambier arr. 5.2 11.53 THE TOTALIZATOR.-On Tuesday evening a crowded meeting was held in the Adelaide Town Hall to consider the question of the repeal of the Totalizator Act. Mr. E. Ward, M.P., moved-" That in the opinion of this meeting it is desirable for the prosperity of the good old British sport of horseracing and in the interests of the public generally that duly constituted racing clubs should be permitted to use the totalizator machines at their meet ings." Ha made a strong appeal to the audience, and aroused the enthusiasm of bis hearers to the utmost in the course of a long address. Other speakers followed m sun'-ar terms. Dlie Rsv. M. _ Wood Green, amidst much confusion, hooting, and interruption, moved as an amendment-*' xhat this meet ing is of opinion that the law relating to the totalizator ought not to be repealed, but that its retention as part of the statute law of the colony is in the interests .of true morality." This was received with much hooting and the Mayor had to appeal to the sense of fairness of the meeting. The motion was carried amidst great applause.-Jtcgiekv, OUR correspondent "J.G." writes :-The Fat Man's death is very much regretted in this pro vines, and his rfcy literary p6ntnbutions will be very much. missed. A.s a rule prose writers share the fate of poets - they are neglected in life, and esteemed only when the gloomy king has claimed tbein. Burns vv-ts often in vaut during his lifetime, but after his death they built him a monument that cost more than would have bought him a farm. In fact part of a true poet's history is to have lived in a garret, died in a poor-house, and then had "his bones rattled over the stones to a pauper's MftVS," Seven cities contend for Homer dead Through which the poet living begged his bread, And Milton oft was straitened £or a dime And now the word Miltonio means eubhino. The Avrshiro bard had but a cheerless " liamc," But "'Land of Burns" is Scotland'* proudsEi name; Poor Tannabill, sweet songster, at his loom, Mourned his wayward We and hapless d-om, And Samuel Johnson, to wnose books we owe The English language, lived in rags below. THEKE appears to be a- hitch between the friends cf Vansittavt Park and the Town Council. The former complain of the lack of courtesy shewn by the letter i*i T;0t acknow ledging their offer, and in a, letter appearing elsewhere, four of thera intimate tueir with drawal from it. We hope now that tne Coui> MR. J. W. B. CROFT, telegraph station master here, left for Adelaide overland last night, for a fortnight's holiday. He will be present at the banquet to Mr. C. Todd, Post master-General and Superintendent of Tele graphs, on Monday. FOR over a week some mischievous fool has been amusing himself in the dark nights by wrapping himself in a white sheet and playing the ghost m various parts of the town. He es pecially delights in the cowardly practice of iTightening women and children, and in one case at least the results of his joke are serious. If caught by the police or anyone else he will be liable to severe punishment at the hands of the law, but he runs the still greater danger of getting a Bound thrashing from some irate rate payer. BORDER PERMIT SYSTEM.-The Minister of Trade and Customs in Victoria has forwarded to the Treasurer (Hon. S. Newland) another communication with reference to the Border permit system. _ Mr, Newland does not feel ustified m letting the Press have the docu ment until it has been before Parliament, We understand, however, that there is still no chance of any satisfactory decision being arrived at between the two colonies on the basis proposed.-Begista'. PARLIAMENT was opened on Thursday by His Excellency the Governor, but only the routine business was taken. The real work of the session will begin on Tuesday next. As usual, members will lead off with a fight for the Treasury benches.- How this will go is matter of speculation so far, but we believe both parties expect to win; so it will likely be a close thing. Those in a position to judge aver that the session will not be an important one-that little will be done involving any great difference of opinion. A third session of Parliament is generally a sterile one, members being disposed to leave over all important questions for the benefit of their constituents' views. It will_ thus matter little who is in or out. The chief interest will centre in the Treasurer's proposals for getting over the financial trouble. That cannot well be held over for the elections; neither can it well be postponed for another year. Among the mea sures promised are amendments of the Insol vency and Local Courts law, the consolidation of the Real Property Acts, ^an Absconding Debtors' Bill, and one to give Corporations power to purchase or construct gas works. HOSPITAL LIBRARY FUND.—Dr. Powell, Assistant-Colonial Surgeon, desires to acknow- ledge with thanks the receipt from Messrs. Moore, Blanche, & Co., on behalf of their workmen, of a cheque for ten guineas towards the Hospital Library Fund. Louis EY, aged 17, whose accident with a gun was reported in the Border Watch of the 26th inst,, developed erysipelas within a few hours of his admission to the Hospital. The length of time he had been travelling to get to the Hospital, no doubt, tended to set up the inflammation. Dr. Powell operated on the 26th, with a view of limiting the spread of the mis- chief, but the lad rapidly sank and died on Wednesday evening. A man named Joseph Armstrong, aged 69, died in the Mount Gam bier Hospital t on the 25th inst. the cause of death being disease of the valves of the heart. WE chronicled in our last issue the fact that the first load of sheep from the South-East to Adelaide had arrived in Adelaide on Friday by the overland line, The chief consignor of the sheep was Mr. Whinham, and the consignee was Mr. George Laughton. The lot consisted of 1,000 Moorak ewes. Mr.. E. THURSTON, commercial traveller, who is now in Mount Gambier, has been authorised by the committee in Adelaide to receive donations towards the late Dean Rus- sell's Memorial Fund. He will be pleased to receive subscriptions for this object from resi- dents in the South-East. THE Mayor, Mr. Thurston, is in receipt of a letter from the- Chief Secretary, Mr. Bray, intimating that among the measures ready to lay_ before Parliament is one to enable Cor notations to purchase and erect gas works. The Mayor has also had information that a Melbourne Company is ready to commence work here to light the town if tne Corporation sanction their doing BO. We hope,. however, the Corporation will be able to make a town property of the gaB- works. A MEETING of the creditors of Mt, S. J. Stuckey, of Millicent, was held at that place on Wednesday, Mr. C. J. Phillips was Voted to the Chain The balance-shdet submitted showed-Assets, £4,4o4 i8s. 6d. J liabilities, £3,683-; surplus; £771 4s. 2d. The unse cured debts amounted to £373, and the Un encumbered assets to £521. On the motion of Mr. Livingstone, seconded by Mr._ SkeweB, it was agreed that the unsecured creditors should accept 10s. in the pound, provided arrange ments were made for guaranteeing the payment of this within 10 days. Messrs. L. G. Ehret and C. J. Phillips were appointed trustees to take charge of the estate in the meantime, and the meeting adjourned for ten days to see if Mr. Stuckey oould arrange for a composition. GREECE has at last agreed to disarm. Her political guides have realised the great danger they ran by allowing two large armies to re main almost within touch of each other, and no doubt the cost was beginning to tell upon the national treasury. Besides, the enforcement of the blockade by the allied fleets, n\ust have almost annihilated Greek commerce;- for the time being. The game was carried'as'far as it" seemed to be safe to go, and Russia making no sign Greece backed down. The troublesome Eastern Question is thus again patched up for a little time longer. FRANCE and Germany appear to be no better neighbors than they ought to be. They are mutually watchful and suspicious, and keep themselves armed to the teeth. What does this mean? How far off is the storm that is clearly gathering? We have official declara tions that all is well-hut these count for nothing. Europe is getting sick. of soldiering, and even her prudent men say it would be tetter to have a big burst up and have done with it rather than this constant preparation and wearying distrust. THE Australian Mutual Provident Society have completed arrangements for opening a branch of their business in Great Britain. The sanction of the members in Australia has yet to be obtained for the step, but the matter has been so well ventilated that this is now known to be only a matter of form. A meeting of the members is convened to be held iii Sydney on the loth of Jime, to formally pronounce upon the point, and in the meantime proxy papers are being distribvted so as to give all who may not be able to attend a chance of voting. . The company has a large number of members in this district, and we direct their attention to the advertisement on the subject appearing in our business columns, MEMORIAL TO THE LATE DEAN RUSSELL. It is intended to erect in the Church of the Holy Cross,. Mount Gambier, a pulpit in memory of the late Dean Russell, of Adel aide. The pulpit will be constructed of stone and will be hexagonal, with carved panels. It will stand about five feet high, and will be entered by three steps. In the front panel a memorial brass tablet will be placed. Mr. W. Thurston (Mayor) has the matter in hand, and expects to raise the necessary money for the purpose in a few days. About £20 will be required ; he has already received £8. WESLETAN LITERARY .ASSOCIATION.-There were about 40 members and lady associates of this Association, besides several visitors, pre sent at the last meeting,' which was held on Tuesday evening. Mr. M. C. Wilson, Presi dent, occupied the Chair. The chief item on the programme was a recital of Pope's " Essay on Man," by Mr. Thompson. _ It was intended that he should, before the recital, read a short paper on the poem, but Mr. Thompson, think ing that would make his part too long, con tented himself with reading the argument of the poem and then reciting it. It was heard with interest, and was commented on favorably by the Rev Dr. Craig (a visitor), and Messrs. Billing, Nicholas, and Walker. Mr. Thompson briefly replied. The Rev. Dr. Craig, having been invited by the President to address the meeting, gave a comprehensive sketch of Mr. Gladstone's Home Rule scheme, and in the course of his remarks gave a sketch of the House of Commons and the Grand Old Man, its leader, The address was frequently applauded, and at the close the rev, gentleman was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. During the evening the Misses Hendry and Tallack sang ft pretty duet. " Gathering flowers ?" Messrs. Lean and Walker gave recitations; and Mr. Roach contributed a reading. Two new member's were projwsed. At the next meeting Mr. Nicholas will read a paper on "| Wellington." IX bis address to the Ghurch of England Synod in Adelaide Bishop Kennion, after declaring that there was a iougiug among many Christians for unity, in the belief that divisions were unnecessary end wrong, urged that it was only by a more vivid apprehension of the teaching of St. John that he could see hopes of recovering the brotherly spirit, the strength, and the simplicity of the early Church What would not the Church in Australia be cap able of being and dojpg if instead of the warmth and zeal of "Mcthodistix streaming of? in one direction, the eattifcxtness of the t Baptist and Presbyterian in another, the vjgout of the Gongregationalist in a third, and the Church of England, rich in its catholicity and stability, in a fourth, they were all woven in one strong inflexible band. It was in a greater grasp of meaning of the Incarnation that he saw a hope of meeting either the social or religious difiicu ties of the day. It was his grave duty to guard the doctrines of the Church ; but he would not have accepted his position were it not the earnest longing of his heart to promote greater Christian unity on some sound nnd tangible basis. Attempts could be made in the colonial Church in a direction in which England could not well lead. He sug gested that for a year earnest prayer might be offered by all denominations who desired a visible union on the basis of the Incarnation of Christ. Another year might then be devoted io historical and devotional study on the subject i after which ft. conxerencg might as semble, and a gchems be discussed in the third year by the denominations concerned. Mean, time. though there were many difficulties, he WQui'J like to see any Qfcyistisn admitted to preach in the Church of England pulpits, provided he subscribed to the Nicene creed, and was willing to receive the bishop's licence. He next advised his clergy on certain matters, urging the employment of lay readers. He was not afraid of the chill air of hostile attacks on Christianity, but he was afraid of the chill air of agnosticism numbing men into spiritual sleep so deep that their religion be came a dream, and nothing more. He proposed to establish rural deaneries, made a feeling i jre?ce-to late Dean Russell, and con-, eluded with a strong reference to the disgrace-' fill commercial and social revelations which bad been made in the colony during the past year. Religion he said had received a blow from which it would take years to recover. Their first duty was to teach a greater simplicity of life, by urging a purer observance of our duty toward God and our neighbours. Os Saturday last Mr. A. 0. Chambers, of Adelaide, exhibited at the South-Eastern j Bazaar, before a large crowd of people, a num ber of articles sold by him in the city, and for the sale of which he is now making a tour of the country. Among these wob the Long, stroth beenive, an American invention de. signed for increasing the yield of honey and facilitating its removal from the hive. It is admittedly the best hive of the many now made, and is likely to bB largely adopted by beekeepers in _ the South-East, as it is else where where introduced. The hive comprises a number of divisions and boxes so arranged that the bees fill each of them with comb and honey, and yet leave them quite separate from each other. The progress of the work and the condition of the bees can be observed from day to day, and when any of the boxes are full they can be removed, and by means of a specially designed machine the honey can be extracted" clean and pure, and the comb left intact. In that case the box with the empty comb is put back in the hive and the bees begin to refill it with fresh honey, thus losing no time in making fresh comb. Or the boxes can be removed comb and all and new ones substi tuted. He said that in some places near Ade laide, where these hives are properly managed, as much as 150 to 200 lbs of honey has been taken from a single colony of bees in a year. Another article he. specially brought under notice was Perfect Cure washing machine. He practically demonstrated the merits of this by having it filled with hot water and washing a quantity of dirty clothes. He completed his task with a quickness and thoroughness that delighted the ladies who looked on at his oper ations. Other things shown were models of a clothes wringer, a butter mould, a churn, a garden seat, a house ladder, an invalid,8 book stand, &c.; ANGLICAN STNOD.-The annual meeting of the Synod of the Church of England of the Diocese of Adelaide was opened by Bishop Kennion at St. Peter's Cathedral on Tuesday morning. Holy communion having been cele brated, an offertory was taken, to be devoted to the purpose of erecting a memorial in the Cathedral to the late Dean Russell. The pro ceedings at the evening Bitting consisted chiefly of the adoption of reports of the various committees. The report of the Standing Committee mentioned that St. Mary's, Penola, had been endowed for a capital amount of £100. Application had been received from. St. Peter's, Robe for £300, The whole of the assessments for Synod expenses had been paid with the excep tion of the Church of the Holy Cross, Mount Gambier, £10 16s. 8d., and two others. The Wardens of the Church of. the Holy Cross objeoted to pay their assessment on the ground of its excessive amount, and the committee in formed them that if in Synod an appeal for the reduction of the amount were made, they felt much disposed to BUpport it. The session was resumed on Wednesday. The Bishop gave an address on the state of the Diocese, and cited figures to prove that the numbers of communi cants and others directly connected with the Church were increasing fairly satisfactorily. In the course of the address he said-'. I am in formed that the population of the colony for the year ending December, 1885, was 319,515; that the registered births for the year were 12,046. Assuming on the basis of the last census return, that the Church of England population is 27 per cent, of these numbers we should expect to find that the number of baptislns would be 3,252, As a matter of fact they did not reach this figure; but as they amounted to 3,032, they are bearer by about 400 to the figure they ought to have reachfed tbah they have reached before. During the year I held confirmations, at which 030 pet-sons were confirmed. This represents a slight increase upon the number presented last year. Once more the returns of the communicants, whilst being the most important, are also the most satisfactory. The number is now 5,419 as against 4,695 last year, or an increase of 724 ; the acts of com munion was 40,411 as againBt 35,483 last year, or an increase of 4,928." In the Sunday-schools of the Diocese there are now 874 teachers, as against 789 in the previous year, an increase of 95; and 9,163 scholars, as against 8,144 last year, or an increase of 1,019. Of these 446 are boys and 573 are girls." A vote of thanks to the Bishop for his pastoral address, and also for his report on the state of the Diocese, was carried. Archdeacon Dove, in supporting the vote, called forth marks of dissent by saying that he strongly " differed from the Bishop on one point, and indeed, he would rather die than see a minister of any Protestant sect occupying a Church pulpit. Subsequently a long and warm debate ensued on the question^of the revival of the perman nent diaconate in the Diocese with a view of bringing the Church and the poorer classes into a closer relationship than exists at present. Most of the speakers favoured the proposed revival, but the debate was not concluded when the Synod adjourned. FLORENCE " KID GLOVES.-Ladies should wear the " FLORENCE " KID GLOVES ; perfect fit, and hand sewn worn by all uobility in England. 4-Button Black, 6s. 9d. per pair. Sole agents BARRETT and GAILLARD, Mount Gatubicr. Sent post free to any part.-[ADVT.] 2277 KESSAL'S WATCHES arc second to none in the colonies for strength and durability ; superior to all in work manship and construction. 2222 TOTAL ABSTAINERS, SONS OF TEMPERANCE, and others should encourage the use of those wholesome, stimu lating,-' inuocuous, non-alcoholic, and invigorating l>evernges-Rowland's Soda Water, Vijforine, and Tonic water, manufactured from the Warrenheip itinera Spring .Solo agent for Mount Gambier and district, J.Uowaii, Commercial-street. 2310xy A Nombrocs class in every community seek diver sion in Beading, Writing, and Studying during the long winter evenings, and the foundation to perma nent disease is frequently laid by a use of improper glasses. As a safeguard against ocular complications, select your spectacles at J. M. WENDT's, where a va6t i assortment of the newest Pausodanoptics, Adaman inis, and Brazil Pebbles have just been unpacked. 