ERNA. Deep blue eyes, large, tender, and dreamy, a shining of golden hair, lips as exquisite as ever were sung by poet, and lending by their great beauty the crown- ing charm of an almost perfect face. This vision that brightened for me my life in the grateful m"aü"rhouié~rol«ht have been" Psyche, lighted upon English ground in her search for Cupid, but a Psyche to whoitriovoj-as-yetj; 'wa«~iiothmg~but-a name. j I would have given life itself to have heard her in the last hour of it confess me dear to her to have had one kiss from those perfect lips, as I lay dying, pressed on mine. But when I had half hinted at my'tnadne«i,half looked at it, she had shrunk from me, and snatching her hand from the clasp in which I prisoned it had said some, very emphatically- " No, Gerald.' If you would not have me , remember how. very distant our courtship is, never date to speak of this to me again." I never had, being in my love for her very much of a coward ; but the eager hunger was always there. And she noticed it, I think, and seemed sometimes half to mock at, sometimes to resent, my love,' , , ' " It was happiness happiness, though, that, came strangely near to pain-to be thrown so much in her society as in the summer that followed her court rejection of my suit. I had been flung in a wrestle for honours at Cambridge, and had reaped a. fever instead, which had nearly landed me where failure cannot disturb. When I had tottered a few feeble steps back from death's door into the way of life again, there came to me a great happiness. Erna and I had met until now only during the rare visits that her father paid to the pretty villa, west from London, where my mother ' had lived quietly during the 10 years of her widowhood They were dis- tant cousins, and had been lovers long ago; or rather on his side there had been love, faintly responded to on her and at last she had broken off the engagement with a plea of relationship. He left her, and for many years they did not meet again ; but I think he was never able either to forgive or to forget her. I " How is it when into our life there comes a bitter- ness like this when weary, and waking in the dead of night see not the face that lies on the marriage- pillow beside us, but other eyes that look on us tenderly and sweetly out of the darkness of the long atto 1 1 put questions of this kind to myself many times, I well remember, in the summer when the happiness I speak of came to me that time when her father's invitation to visit the old Devon manor house being? given and accepted, Erna and I lived week after week under the same gray roof, and I gathered strength in drinking in light that laughed at me from her eyes, and strolled with her in the Devon woods, or floated with our and sail amid' the dream-like loveliness of the Dart. She had the kindest, tenderest, gayest temper all the time that mine was still but the ghost of a life ; but as I changed gradually to something more nearly resembling my own self, Erna began to change too, and was presently almost the same strange, provoking girl I had known in the days when I had laid my heart at her feet only to be trampled on. I would not repeat the folly to be scorned once by any lips, however lovely, was enough. We were alone in the garden one morn- singing and I was thinking this, and at the same time how rare was the beauty of her face, when she looked up, and our eyes ' met She did not blush or turn from the glance that I was bending on her, but only smiled mockingly" smile that passed next moment into a laugh, as wickedly provoking as herself. I was turning away hurt. I scarcely knew why, when she stopped me with an imperious bidding. " Gerald," the said, "if you care to come with me to the Winstanley room, I'm just in the humour for telling you its legend!, lean tell it nowhere but in the room itself"' ' *' The haunted chamber V I questioned, indolently. "'I am not in the humour, Erna, if you are the morning's too bright to be spent anywhere but out of doors, and the story's certainly old enough to keep. I'm for staying here in this glorious old garden, and fancying it Eden, and you its Eve." " Blay, then," she said, with a post, and moved away. I watched her passing farther and father, from me towards the house. Great roses were all about me, the air was thick with the odours of the honey suckle, and overhead thick branches drooped caress- ingly, and only left here and there an opening for the burning sun to shine through. In a moment, it seemed to me, all would be sad and drooping for in a moment more all that made the garden fair to me would have passed from it with her She turned, however, as she reached the greene broken steps that led up to the terrace before the house, and seen the rise and move toward her, hesitated a moment, and then came slowly back. ''So you are coming, after all," she said. ungraciously. "Ybb, I'm coining,X-echoed "And 111 listen patiently to anything you like to inflict on me, Erna,' beginning with the ghost that walks at night in-" " Winstanley's ghost you mean," she interrupted He does walk he has been seen at least once in every generation of heathcote since the time of his master, Geoffrey Peathcott, You laugh at me," she continued, a flash of defiance in her great eyes, "but I tell you I do believe in him-in his haunting the house where his death was the cause of his master's " " Why should he haunt it? It can't be a pleasure to him I should imagine, to haunt a place where, if you and your legends are to be trusted, his dying so in- conveniently was the cause of Geoffrey Heathcote dying also. Does he hope that in the course of a few centuries his master's remains hey are hidden away somewhere, are they not-may: become unsubstantial enough for even a ghost to give them burial 1" i " You dull, silly fellow ! I know what old Winstanley would want to show me, but t shudder at the very thought of passing a night in that" horrible room they name after him." ; "And what would he want to show you'' I enquired. The secret of the secret chamber, to, be kate. He would lead the way to that part of the house where it lies and then if I had courage enough to follow him, he would indicate to me, in his ghostly pantomime how to enter-sh<vw me where the spring is and how it works. Then if I had the still greater courage to look in, I should see-oh, I should see pressing her hands with a gesture of mimic terror before her eyes- " bones lying there-the bones of that gallant and noble gentleman that we Heathcote are so proud to think was our ancestor." ' I looked at her, uncertain as to how much of her speech was just, how much earnest, puzzled to know whether she put faith in the family ghost or not. " You would not dare to sleep in the room they call Winstanley's ?" I questioned. " A re you so superstitious, Erna, as to say that seriously ?" Erna darted at me her most indignant glance, by way of acknowledgment of my question. " Are you so great a hero, yourself, Herald, that you would care to sleep in ?" she asked. " You forget " I said lightly, " that I have not seen this chamber of horrors yet." " See it now, then," she flashed out. Come with me, and tell me if you would care to have it for your own while you stay here as . She ran off before I could answer, and I followed slowly to the house, and found her after some minutes' search, returning from the housekeeper's private sanctum. " Now," she said, holding up a key that left deep stains of rust on her dainty fingers, " now for the haunted room !" I was not thinking of it or the legend connected with it, as I followed her there How could I think of a room and a legend centuries old with that fair young face beside me Sweet face-grown something more matronly now than in the day, when the world seemed to me a thing that, if I had it, might be laid at the feet for one kiss from those lips I have but to close my eyes, and you are before me again, as bright and sunny as in the bright time of your girlhood. How sweetly the vision shines upon me ! I see the calm old woods of Devon, and rising from them the roof of a grey manor house, its twin Vanes shining really in the morning sun; through the trees are cinghtrglimpie« oftherwind ing of the Dart, and the far-off blue of the sea, and wooded peak melting softly into peak, and fading in the base of the distances as fades a dream. I followed her through the inhabited part of the old house that summer's morning, with little in my mind beyond the thought that she was fair, and that I loved her. We turned presently into a narrow, badly lighted passage, and at the sight of ancient doors on either side of mo other thoughts came into my mind thoughts of those who had been this fair creature's ancestors. In these rooms they had lived and died ; here the spirit of one of those Geoffrey, the Cavalier Heathcote, who had fought as bravely as foolishly for the Stuart cause was supposed sometimes to wander restlessly from midnight to cockerel.,, I knew nothing more of the legend told of him than that his end had been strange and dreadful, and that his fate! was in some way connected with that of his steward, Winstanley, whose name had been given to the room where Erna was now ' leading me' in" . ' .' ' ,', "You care nothing for my legends; GeraId,"isheJsaid) her voice now breaking in suddenly upon my thoughts. She, had stopped before, door of especially uninviting appearance, and now, unlocked it. I " You might say that in any of the rooms i below, or even here in the daytime; but' -beckoning: me to enter would you dare repeat it at 12 at night and alone, in a room like this ?" 1 by i You don't think' much of mysteries,' I see. Erna," I answered, following her into the haunted apartment. ' A strange, gloomy place it was scantily furnished in the fashion of at least a century before, and having in one corner an antique bed, dating back, perhaps, to the time of Anne or George L 11 found , myself looking at this with an uncomfortable feeling that perhaps the ghostly steward, after his nightly walks through the old house, might be down in it sometimes in preference to his grave. "Erna," I asked of the girl beside me, "do you say that mortals have quite given up occupying this room ?" "My grandfather once or twice slept here, or, so I have heard," she answered, " He must have been a brave man worthy of the cavalier race he came from." "lathe ghost so terrible, then, to encounter ?" '' Terrible to a Heathcott," she said seriously. " ' i ' ' " I know you will laugh at me, Gerald, and perhaps the fancy is a silly one but I never come here without feeling that every word of the story they tell me of the room must be true., Out of it I am more of a sceptic about my ghosts." " I'll hear the story before I laugh at you," I answered. I was more curious about the legend, standing in this dear old room, than I had been half-an-hour before, when resting at Erna'a feet, with the roses about us and the blue of the sky above, and finding in her eyes a blue between sky and violet and in her soft cheek the rose's faintest, most exquisite blush. She told me her star that fair summer's morning-told it half laughingly, as was in her nature to do, and yet with something of earnestness breaking out more and more visibly as the gloomy legend blackened to its close. ' Geoffrey Heathcote, one of the most faithful and foolish adherents to a bad king and worthless cause, left England in despair soon after the terrible 30th of January, 1849, but returned next year to i follow the fortunes of Prince Charles from Stirling to the fatal field of Worcester. He escaped with his life, and after shifting for many months from one place of concealment to another, ventured back some time in 1653 to Devon and Heathcote Manor, and lived there undisturbed by the Protector's Government until, unhappily for himself, he became implicated in an abortive scheme for a rising in the West. He was seized, and effected the same night a daring escape, with a party of Ironsides in fierce pursuit to Heathcote House. The search shaFTë Parliamentarians conducted there was at first without result ; but General Harrison, their savage commander, was not a man to be easily baulked. He had the old steward of the family brought before him and threatened him with instant death unless he would betray his master's hiding place. The old man, still protesting his ignorance, was dragged to the chamber that has ever since been known by his name, and there a party of musketeers were told off to fire on him. Harrison had, however, secretly given orders only to load with powder. The volley killed Winstanley none the less ; his frail hold of the was not to be thus rudely played with. When the soldiers lifted the old man from where he had fallen they found him dead. " And his ghost, of course, has ever since haunted the scene of his murder," I broke in, when Ifrna's legend had reached this point ; according to the foolish custom prevalent among ghosts of haunting the neighbourhoods that must be most disagreeable to them. But I don't see why this poor old spirit should be so very dreadful to a Heathcote." " His master was never heard of afterward " said Erana slowly and solemnly. "Well" 1 " Don't you see, Gerald, that the old man's murderers were right, and he was the only person whom Geoffrey Heath- cote had trusted with his hiding place ? It is true the rumour at the time went that our ancestor had escaped to Spain, and died there but I don't believe it. I believe that what the legend says of him is true." " And what does the legend say of this mysterious Geoffrey ?" " It says that he had taken refuge in a hiding-place contrived in Elizabeth's time by his Catholic grandfather-a small cell that, unhappily for him, by an oversight of the architect, could only be opened from without, and so made a prisoner of anyone who was hidden there." " So that," I said, catching at her meaning, " if the old steward were really his master's only confidant, the poor prisoner in the present would have been buried alive." > an ' me did not answer ; she drew closer to me, and looked round with a shudder. " Come away, she said, catching at my arm. I feel M though if I stayed here longer the air would choke me. Let us get away from these frightful memories and this horrid room. I would not sleep here for the world-I should wake up with a start at midnight, and see the old steward standing at my bedside, and beckoning me to follow him that he might show me where his poor master's bones are hidden > i " They are hidden, then, to this day 1" " So the legend says ; but when I begged my father to have this part of the old house pulled down, that they may be found and buried, he only laughed at me. But till they are found and buried I feel that this will be a haunted room. The man who was killed here will not rest in his grave till he knows that hismasterhas one too." - i I laughed at her wild suggestion and she turned indignantly from me, and flitted like a sunbeam from the quaint dark chamber, leaving me to turn on its ghost and its silence, a key that grated in the rusty look, and to follow her at my leisure to the garden. " Gerald," my entertainer said to me, curtly, that evening, after dinner, " you're a fool, and this little daughter of mine is a goose and if the goose must needs tempt the fool into ghost hunting, by raking up for his benefit come of the ridiculous old legends that are sure to cling about a tumble-down place like this, why, I don't know that I feel called upon to interfere. I'll put no more serious obstacle in your way than a promise of laughing at you when you catch a cold, instead of your throat. You'll find the a matters you want to occupy rather ' camp, and there's more than a suspicion of rats about them but try them, by all means try *Jw»V' concluded Mr Heath cote, with »sM*Vi ; renaming you c?*V"ji?2&. the damp earth gKsW^a,-jji|ht aajfuaJK', let me knoHjat tUeffioftM trawling you liked yoJf|betÄoi{E\' Ki Uj M. I dreamt Iha^i^of^rCvitjf^falleii asleep in the great old body in the haunted room, and of waking with a start and a ihiTeT-to-find a skeleton iymg-beside- iner I had taken, I scarcely knew why, a violent aversion to that bed -i-'Xucluly,L'Xmutmured to myself, as? I woke in, reality, and found the bright Jphe'sunlight shining through the venetian Of my room, and falling on gaily tinted wall paper and the glittering brass of my bedstead. ' I've given no pledge to sleep in it It's enough, surely, to be about to occupy for a week a family vault, without one's also becoming the tenant of a j hearse " And when I had, with the old gardener to help me, dragged the cumbrous, funereal thing into a smaller room adjoining the ghostly one, and my own smart French bedstead had been carried up to replace it, I felt almost as though what I had done had expressed the ghost JI could not tell why, but the first night in Winstanley's room was the most rest- less that I spent there There was a sickening atmosphere of death and decay about the place and I tossed in my bed restlessly from side to side, and gasped as if the air I breathed would choke me At last I got up, and bragging one of the heavy antique chairs before the nearer of the two casements flung it wide open to the June night, and,sat,there Brooking. the two market overnight air and tobacco s soothed me to deep at last, and I woke some hours afterwards with an uncomfortable sense of having realised my habits prediction, and of being about to carry down to breakfast a violent cold and not any tidings of the ghost Echoes in the garden, as her absence from the breakfast-room assured me. ' 'As for Mr. Beathcottj.I doubt if he had seen the sun rise rich in the last ten years, unless from the windows of his bedroom. stole, softly out into the open air and down the tangled alleys of the dear old garden; I knew the corner that she would stick, where i roses grew red and white among the white and yellow of the tangled honeysuckle, and here and there between the' bushes bloomed fragrant masses of clover and pink, and the faint air in stealing past dropped heavy with perfumed breath of flowers. | I stole on her softly, and the next' moment had caught her in my arms, and my lips for a moment brushed her cheek. She started from me-red as the rose she was gathering. , I " Mr. Osborne," she said, "how dare you !" Then her eyes sought mine with an eager interest as she gently disengaged herself. " Oh, Gerald, she cried, have you seen him of "Who? The Winstanley of the legend?" I questioned, laughing at her. " No, Erna ; the ghost's as civil and un obtrusive a ghost as one could desire, and does not seem even inclined to haunt my dreams." # * * * j I remember, as if that dead year had been yesterday, how shy she was of me all that day, and how, when we parted in the evening, her hand rather touched mine than clasped it, and she bade me the coldest of good nights. We met the next morning at the breakfast table, and I laughed as I caught her eyes fixed on me for a moment, with an eager questioning gaze, i " No, Erna," I said, "not yet." ," Not yet," I could have answered on the third morning of my broken slumbers in that low-browed, shadowy room, where the rats and the wind between them made uncanny noises in rthcJfar;off corners, and once started broad awake, in the dark hours after midnight, and looked and listened with a vague fear lest the dead should also be awake. When one starts broad awake in a room reputed to be haunted, and hears vague noises in the darkness, it is very hard for the moment not to have faith in ghosts. I had a dream on the fourth night of my imprisonment in that room that chilled me into an ague fit of terror, and from which I awoke shivering, and with a wild cry forcing itself from me in the greatness of my fear. I' had dreamed of being alone with one long dead, and that the thing had touched me and when I woke, trembling, and with the cold dew, of my terror upon me,' I was not in the room where I had fallen asleep, but in that to which, as it had seemed to me, the dead, had led me. And even as the cod of day leaped up' in all the brightness that Only the eye of an eagle ran look on from his burning' couch of cloud, twin stars shone out on the morning also-the stars that lure man to his bliss or his back and there danced and sparkled from under a shining of golden hair the light of a girl's bright eyes. Erna had risen as early as the sun, and but little later than myself and stealing softly on me, her voice breathed as softly on my ear, while I stood there lost in gloomy musings and unconscious of her coming, the gay greeting- ," " Brau chevalier !" ii. started, and turned almost fiercely. ' ' " Erna," I said, by way of excuse and explanation for my abruptness, " I took you for the moment for the continuation of my dream." , lj " your dream, Gerald i','., Her face flushed, her voice grew eager, " There are no dreams in Winatanley's room. Tell me what you have seen as a ' I But I was in no mood at the moment for explanation, and I turned away without answering her question or satisfying her curiosity < I ' £5 Early that afternoon, when the glory of the June day was at its brightest, we took our way through the dim and dusty past ages of the uninhabited part of the old house, and after a while ' stood silent side by side in the room to which, if I might credit my dream, no earthly guide had Ted me. I ,' It was a dear old chamber, darker are. smaller than that called after the traditionary Winstanley, and in a far more hopeless state of disrepair. Once it had been an oratory, and the single and beautifully shaped window had blazed with coloured glass, and from the carven wood- work of the walls there had looked down the faces of the twelve Apostles ; but the glass was long since gone, and the Apostles presented now but a succession of indistinctly outlined lineaments, falling year by year into more irreparable decay. < I went from one blurred mask to the other, vainly seeking to recognise that before which, as it seemed to me in my dream, my ghostly guide had passed for a moment, and, pointing to it, had vanished from my sight. I stopped at last at one which, centuries before, had, in all probability imagined forth the face of Peter, and considering it attentively, felt some dim uncertainty of a recognition dawn upon me. i i " Erna," I said, " it was this." We searched long for the secret that Erna persisted in believing lay hidden behind that bit of carved wood. The June day wore a owly out, the afternoon was creeping into evening, ; but still, though the sun sank in the west, and the shadowy twilight began to lend an added dimness to the chamber, those small white fingers followed patiently every line of carving in the grim old panel and the grimmer face that frowned above it, and the bright eyes watched tirelessly for some clue as to where might lurk the spring that it was Erna's wild fancy lay somewhere had 'en for her to press. At last, tired of by turns aiding in and laughing at this wild quest I menaced Erna that unless she yielded to my oft repeated entreaty, and abandoned it, I would leave her to seek for bidden spring and secret crypts alone. Then I turned toward the door, as if to carry out my threat : She fled past me, rapid as a legendary fay, and placing one hand upon the lock, with the other waved me back, " Gerald," she said, half laughing, and yet with a strange sweet coaxing in her voice, " I want you to promise that as long as I choose to seek in this room for the secret I think it will give up to us, you will not leave me." I had not meant to speak to her of my I love. What was there in her words that I they should thrill some subtle nerve within me, and send strange passions burning through my veins I took her hand in matches slight girl's hand-and. mere love in Jat¿$s*»vV desire to read fay deities iéSrjiofatl the 8 Li ii«'EÄ."i;w.ir^k5ii>i i I" VA e>Shá3>en«;iter ht-^ffl¿e^W**fcWtd' see only the crocheted chop, and the golden head that d-jiSjiDd abilities. -"-well-paid marshal if If opal- dared to speak to you of love again, it would force you to remember'Utatf we were scarcely; .oven.cousins._ I dare it now ; I will be something more than a cousin to you, "or" we must part. Erna, I say now, and more boldly than a year ago, ' I love you." J Still no answer and the cheek flushed more and more, and the golden head dropped lower. " I love you. Erna," I repeated, trying vainly to make her lift her face to mine. Something in her silence and her blush emboldened me. I drew her gently to me, and-and "The ghosts have given you to me, Erna," I said, releasing her, as she rather shrank from me, and laid her glowing face against the carved wall from which the stony visaged saints frowned grimly down on our betrothal kiss. , 11 stretched out my hand and laid it lightly on hers, as it rested on a dark and mouldered thing, in which there yet lurked indistinct suggestions of the treachery of buriAL I felt the warm, soft hand tremble under mine and struggle to escape me and tightening my clasp, there came next instant a frightened cry from Erna ; then a rush into our faces of cold air, as with a grating and sullen sound the wall gave way an inch or two and then, the spring refusing to act, closed heavily again, and left us standing there, looking wildly into each other's faces, alone with 'ounwilder thoughts, and with the coming of the night. I We buried the bones that were found in that ghastly hiding place in the old vault of the Heathcote and in the church beyond Erna stood with me next summer at the altar rails, and exchanged with me the vows that made us man and wife. But when the time of roses, came again, and a young life was born into our new home, far away from the Devon hills, her vow not obedience was for the first time broken. , She insisted, in opposition to my wish, on > naming our first born Geoffrey. , , And so Geoffrey, the stout cavalier of Marston and Worcester fights, sleeps his last sleep in the calm woods, through which wind the clear waters of Dart and to the old manor house,, whose vanes rise glittering above those woods, come sometimes mother and child. And then, while the hot June sunlight pours through un glazed casement and shattered walls, and floods with its golden, glory the place in which our ancestors bones were found, Geoffrey, his young namesake, peers fear- fully into that narrow crypt i and listened while, with his mother's hand clasped in his, the story of how that ancestor perished there is retold; 