Rowing Notes. By Tyfhis. A full account of the intercolonial eight-oar race will be found elsewhere, from which it will be 6een that the New South Wales crew, although they fought hard, were thoroughly beaten. As I was not an eyewitness to the contest I shall not oiler any comment on the race, at any rate till I have had an opportunity of having a chat with some of those who were fortunate enough to be able to pay Melbourne a visit for the purposo of witnessing this annual hnatrw. Thp rpRlllt in dlKflnnointlTlff. Verv disaO pointing, not so much because our boys ?were beaten as on account of the manner in which they were defeated. From the published accounts it would appear that the N.S. W. crew were out-paced from the etart, and were never in the race for a second. Of course now, as I ven tured to remark would be the case, the defeat is attributed to the long slides and swivel rowlocks. But if it was known beforehand that such an easy victory was in store for the Victorian crew, by reason ot the difference in their fittings as compared to those of the N. S. W. crew, how comes it that before . the race more decided opinions were \- not given by those Melbourne papers who foresaw all this ? Nearly all the Melbourne papers gave it as their opinion that there would be an exceedingly good and close race ; some even preferred the New South Wales crew, whilst other tipped the Victorians, but did so in a very dubious and undecided manner. From the accounts of the race which I have read, I unhesitatingly say that under any circumstances the result would have been just the same, and the manner in which Mr. Booth stroked his men clearly showed that he and they ?were infinitely superior to our crow in any and every way. ' What bothers me, though, is that bur boys should have made such an indifferent show at the start, as, whatever may have happened afterwards, I felt pretty certain that they would have taken the lead at the commencement, although I must say I do not believe in striking 46 per minute. Upward is reported to have remarked just before the race that the New South Wales crew would have to do the distance in 17 minutes. Strange to say that is just the time, provided they rowed up to their form while in Sydney, I expected them to do it in. It was something more than long elides and swivel rowlocks, I fancy, that prevented New South Wales from showing to better advantage— longer oars than they were accustomed to, repeated alterations at the hist moment, or what not ; but be the reasons what they nay, as I remarked before, the result would under any circum stances have been just the same. In view of the champion sculler of the world, William Beach, paying England a visit, which example is pretty certain to be followed by Tccmer, TTanlHp^ Wallace floss, and a number of other American and Canadian scullers, to say nothing of Neil Matterson and C. Nelson, of this city, who are already in the great metropolis, the English sporting papers are naturally jubilant, as professional sculling, which for many years has been in a very quisby state, will now receive ibe impetus so long desired and looked for. The victories achieved by Hanlan, Laycock, and Trickett, whilst in England, so completely floored the English professional that he has never to this day been able to pull himself together again. It is true that an attempt was lately made to resuscitate the good old sport and drag it out of the Slough of Despond into which it had fallen, by pitting Perkins and Largan one against the other for the so-called championship of England. As a race, however, it could only have been the ghost of a championship race of other days. Perkins, it is stated, has shown such good form of bite that he if. expected by r judges to do great things in the sweet by-and-by. however, Perkins is the best professional sculler 'Kngfand can put forward, I am very sorry for her chance of winning anything but second or third rate honours. Natheless, while we eit here twiddling our thumbs, waiting for the arrival of English 6porting papers to give us some aquatic news, the rowing carnival has fairly com menced on the waters of Father Thames, and we may now daily expect to hear of fresh matches being made between English, American, and Australian scullers. The sculling match between G. Bubear and W. Pearce was to have taken place on 22nd April, Thursday week, the result of which though has not yet been made known to us. Following this comes the race between Neil Mattereon and G. Perkins, and we are now advised that a match has been made between Neil Matter son and D. Godwin, to take place on 29th April. From this it would appear that although Mattereon aspired to championship honours by competing in a match race against the man who twice defeated Hanlan, yet his lofty aspirations have not struck terror into the hearts of the smaller fry of English professionals, as many out hrae prophesied would be the case. C. Kelson, also, who was not long in following in the wake of ? Matterson in his flit to England, was soon accommodated after his arrival in London, as we:are told that a match has been arranged between that sculler and G. Bubear. It is quite possible, therefore, nay, most probable (now that I think of it), that Bubear was successful in his match with Pearce, and hence bis desire to try conclusions with the new arrival, C. Nelson. Hanlan'-s challenge to Beach will eventuate to a certainty as soon as the champion has made himself thoroughly acquainted with the Thames course, and has got himself into condition. Now, there fore, that the aquatic ball has been fairly set rolling in England, it is difficult to see where or when it will stop its letatory motion. _ In order to encourage professional rowing, and with the view of bringing out and. encouraging embryo scullers, to the cud that they may make an effort to win back for old England the sculling prestige she once held, the pro prietors of the Sportsman have decided to again offer for competition the Championship of England Sportsman Chal lenge Cup, which, by the way, was List won by Largan on the ' 20th June, 1882, when he defeated E. Laycock and H. Pearce in a sweepstake. The cup is worth 200 guineas, and was designed and manufactured by J. W. Benson, of Ludgate-hill. The cue which is exceedingly handsome, is two-handled, parcel gilt, with allegorical and py'Hnai subjectsintroduced into its composition. The handles, of leafy form, partly hide the reclining figures of a mermaid and triton holding wreaths. The body of the cup, which is supported by swans, is ornamented with an oxydiscd bas-relief repre senting an exciting struggle in a closely contested match; Surrounding this picture are shields for the names of the winners. At the base are ' two allegorical figures, and the whole is snrmonnted by a group, in which a perfectly modelled female figure is prominent. New South Wales again to the fore. By cablegram we are informed that C. Nelson, a sculler of sonic promise, who left Sydney shortly after Neil Matterson for London, exhibited considerable bravery in Baring a boy from drown ing in the Thames. Nelson's last sculling feat was to defeat C. Mattereon over the Parramatta championship course. He is now engaged to row Bubear on the Thames on 3rd June next Articles of agreement have been signed by John Teemer and J. G. Gaudaur to row a race for the championship of American, 2000 dollars a side, with entire other receipts. The race is to take place on flic B oilman Lake, over a course of three miles with a turn, and is to be rowed under the rules of the National Amateur Bowing Association. The referee is to have the right to postpone the race from day to day when the water is too rough. Wallace Ross is also anxious to try conclusions with Gaudaur, over a course five miles in length with a turn or turns. He says, however, that he has no backers in America, but has 500 dollars of his own, which he is willing to stake against a like amount. So for that amount and at that distance Gaudaur can have a race. According to Turf, Field, and Farm, Fred Plaisted says that the proposition of himself and Ross to row a boat through the Niagara Rapids during the coming summer is not the huge joke many seemed to think, but an enterprise that would 6urtly be attempted. ' I do not think it dan gerous,' he says ; 'the boat will have plenty of beam, a grating for a floor, and no bottom. If we fill with water we can't sink, because we shall have air-tight compartments around the boat, and the -water -we take in will quickly dis appear through the grating. If anything should happen, we are both good swimmers and would make a grand struggle before going under. It will be money in our pocket if we succeed, and if we fail our wives and children will get the'benefit of it. There is positively less danger in trying to row through the rapids than there is in going out on the frontier for 13 dollars a month and found, and we get 2500 dollars for what *ve are going to do. . One point about it is that we row with our faces towards the danger instead of rowing in the ordinary way. Wo were both up at Niagara Falls a week ago, and made our calculations and measurements of ' distances.' These two enterprising or foolhardy men are to be accompanied with another equally if not more foolhardy than themselves, one Guilt, of Montreal. This man proposes to swim the rapids at the same time that the two oarsmen attempt to row through them. Another rowing club (remarks Land and Water) has joined the shadows of the departed. The West London R. C. has ceased to exist. It was always rather a risk leaving their old quarters at Wandsworth and taking in their hands the heavy expenses of a club and boathouBO at Putney. Want of success at regattas and the superior attractions of the London and the Thames prevented any great influx of new members of recent years, and with a constantly increasing debt there was no help for it but to sell up the club premises and disband the club. London and Thames will have matters all their own way at Putney now. 