CHAPTER VI. I AM COBBED. Received with formal cordiality by my aunt and her family, I sat down to the break fast, wHch tbey were careful to inform me they had delayed upon my account. After this I was shown to my room, a ghostly apartment, fairly furnished, however, and looking cat upon the Cathedral yard. It was now nine o'clock, and I hastened to school, the duties of which had already commenced ere I arrived. The little doctor looked somewhat shame faced as I saluted him, but aa I was careful to preserve the utmost respect in my demeacoar towards him he soon became at ease, and questioned me as to my acquire-' ments. He told me that I mast commenoe forthwith the study of the classics, concern ing the value of which he was most enthusi astic. " The modern languages my dear boy," said he, " come kfierwards. The basis of an elegent education are the classics. As for French, he addfd, with a faint smile, "I am afraid you know nura than I can teaoh yon." With this he handed m? my books and con ducted me to my class desk at the lower end of the large hall which served for the school room. I was mortiQ 'd to find that my class mates were in ali cases my superiors, and deter mined to do my utmost to acquire the positidn held for the most part by those of my own age. Filled with this resolution, I corquered my curiosity in respect to my school-fellowa, and set to work with a will to master the initiative step3 of Caspar's Commentaries. My memory was excellent, and as I possessed (and still possess) a superior faculty for con sentrating my thought and energies upon any subject which I took in hand, I was quite ready with my lesson when the clasB was called np. The Doctor was very pleased. " I see, I see," said he, " you and I will get llong together," and he patted my head. At twelve o'clock ths work ceased for two hours and we we were released. With a rush the boys passed into the play-gronnd whither I followed them. I was instantly sur rounded. " How old are you, yokel," asked a big hulk ing fellow with the visage of a cowboy. " What's you dad ginger," inquired another referring to the auburn tint of my hair. " Let us cob him. Fine or cob, fine or cob, and the cry was taken np as half a dozen of the bigger boys seized me and threw me on the ground. " Now new boy, said the big fellow to whom I have referred, as he proceeded, in common with others to tie hard nots in his hand kerchief. " It i3 the custom of this school to initiate every comer into the mysteries and ceremonies of the guild. Tou have the option of buying off, you know," and he stood ever me ready to strike. I was fnrious, and setting my teeth swore that I would have a mighty revenge. " Tarn him on his face lads," cried the big fellow, and in a trice I was set with my face to the gravel. Then at a given signal, each boy struck me with his pocket handkerchief, chanting the while.' *! New boy, new boy, why has he come to us ? Cob him, cob him, pugnis et calcibus. So he'll learn, so he'll learn docendo decimus ; Let him know, that we rule, propria qua man but, It was with the greatest difficulty that I controlled my cries, for the pain was intense. At last, however, my flogging ceased and my captors sprang aside. I leaped to my feet, and without more ado walked np to the big bally who was the ringleader in my torture, and struck him with my best strength straight between the eyes. For my age, I was very powerful and in this case rage and pain lent me added force. The bully dropped upon the ground, stunned and insensible. " Now," said I as I brushed the dust from my clothing, " you fellows have got hold of the wrong pig by the ear this time. I'll thrash you one by one before a month is out," and with this I walked ofi. As I left I turned my head to observe that my bully had arisen and was being supported into the house by some of his comrades. " Well Master Abberton," said the Beverend Mr. Forter as we sat down to luncheon, " and how did yon get on to-day. " Very fairly," I answered, as I disposed of a slice of ham. " Sir, I had to thrash one bully, and, I suppose will have to deal with the lot." My aunt looked at me, aghast. " I'm afraid little boy (she used this phrase to take me down a peg.) that your disposition for fighting will bring you into trouble. You had not been in Exeter an hour ere you blackened Barnaby's eyes, so that he is now unpresentable." " I fancy," said I, " that my friend the bully is in a similar fix by this time. The fact is madam, I do not choose to be insulted or imposed upon." " In your journey through life," remarked the reverend Mr. Porter, sententiously, you will find, I Ihink, that you must put np with many insults, many impositions. <'I don't think I shall," I answered, " unless indeed it should be expedient to do so. May I tronble you for another slice of ham." I saw the girls glance at each other, as the reverend Mr. Forter, first staring incredulously at me, proceeded to cut me a minute slice of ham. "Thanks" said I, "another slice please. School work makeB a fellow hungry.'* The ghost of a grave senile was to be seen for a moment upon the High Charch butler's countenance, as he handed me my plate; and I was not displeased to note that Lilian the youngest and fairest of my cousins, was entertained by my cool and audacious manner. As for my aunt she stared at me haughtily. I met her gaze. " What is it madam," I asked. "I was thinking, little boy," she answered with a frown, "that nowadays children aie wonderfully impudent." "You are right, madam," I answered, " though why the thought should have oaused ycu to stare so at me, I do not understand." " Then you have less wit than I give you credit for," she replied. "Possibly, madam," was my answer, "I doubt not however, that my residence here will serve to sharpen it. But as to your judicious observation concerning tbe impu dence of the modern boy, I quite agree with you. He is an audacious young cub. But have you not considered, my dear lady, that the cause of his impudence may be traced to his natural rebellion against the tyranny of his elders. Positively it is bo. Tbe modern boy objects to be snubbed. In his revolt he perhaps goes to extremes, and so snubs those who snub him. It is a mere matter of retaliation." It is impossible to convey any idea of the expression of the reverend Mr. Porter's face as I delivered this little ad dree?. Always heavy and stupid of aspect, his visage now ex pressed the utter bewilderment and conster nation of its owner. He ut down his knife and fork and gazed at me. As for my aunt, her frown grew darker as she sharply rejoined, " Ton talk too much, Sir, for a little boy. Children should listen, not epeak." " Nay," I laughed, " my tongue must wag. And I suppose, aunt, that I am an impudent fellow. The Spanish saying doubtless ap plies to me: " Poca barba p ica virguenza," and I drank my small beer with an air. "And what may that mean young Sir," said my reverend host, at last finding his tongue. " Little beard little shame," I laughed, as I glanced at Lilian, wlioEe blue eyes were dancing. " Then," said my aunt venomously, " the sooner your beard grows the better for your modesty." And with tbis Parthian shot she arose. I flew to the door, opened it, and as she passed oat bowed to the ground. It was evident that our relations were scarcely of a peaceful character. When she had gone with her brood, the reverend Mr. Porter called me to him. " Have a glass of wine my boy," said he. " And I like you none the less for your impudence," and the reverend gentleman chucked. " To tell you the truth," he added, " you are the first who has ever had the courage to tackle her. It seems a strange thing for the master of the house to say, Master Abberton, but the fact is my wife is a trifle overbearing. In short, I don't like her temper." " And so," I laughed, " you rather enjoy the spectacle of another's rebellion against the lady's eccentricities." (To be centinued.) 