Jottings by Autolycus. For I am likowlso n snnpper up of unconslderod '? -,. trillcs..— 'WixTBn's Tale. -?'?-?? ? -. ? -y ? There is a word much in vogue among small boys (keen observers of human nature) to ex- press the state of mind of a person suffering from the exhibition of undignified temper. They describe such a person as being ' scotty ' or 'in a scot.' Now, I am afraid that Low- land Scot is lowland scotty to a 'erriblo extent, Suffering from an acute attack of scotodinia, a disease exhibiting giddiness with imperfect vision (see Dictionary passim), he accuses me of having 'changed front,' i. c., contradicted myself, and worse than all, of having, with an utter disregard for grammar, described Scottish nationality, an abstract conception, as a fabulous monster in the concrete. Well, well, I grieve to have wounded his susceptibilities — to have scotched him, so to speak. I won't a- tempt to argue the point any more, or to revile him for not understanding English — to him a foreign language. Let us close the controversy, and in the words of the great Irish bard O' Byrnes, whom we both revere, let us drink to the health of Scotia, the land of darkness, each one paying for his own liquor in the true economical Hieland fashion. ' And surely you'll be your pint stoup And surely I'll be mine.' t 4- t In the police court the other day I note that some unfortunate wretch received six months in gaol for giving way to the temptation offered him to remove articles of apparel ex- posed for view and sale outside the shop doors. Now, I don't wish to infer that the punish ment was not richly deserved : but I would like to ask the question — Should such temp- tation be placed in the way of so many half starving unemployed as there are walking about the streets ? I think not. Are men to be branded as thieves if they take, for instnnce, a coat lying on the pavement, and try and secure food for it ? Passing down William-st. yesterday I saw a coat (one of the numerous articles exposed for sale outside a large store) lying on the footpath in front of the shop. How long it might have been there I cannot say, but if such carelessness is exhibited by merchants and employees, how can it be expected that men absolutely famished will not take advantage of the temptation so offered ! \+ i + i + i A friend of mine, who is unfortunately a light sleeper, tells me that he is quite unable to secure a night's rest on account of the howling and dismal whining of dogs in his neighbour- hood. It certainly is very hard that a man is unable to secure the usual amount of slumber required after a hard day's work. He aptly adapted Tennyson whon he expressed himself to me in the following lines, Dogs to the right of me Dogs to the left of me Dogs behind me Howling and whining ! And, I am informed, this continues, with an occnsionnl interval of ten minutes or so, from the shades of evening till daybreak. ' What am I to do?', he asks, ' should I be justified in shooting the mongrel wretches ? or would it be better to offer a reward of 1s. per scalp, and so thin them down in that way?' It certainly is an intolerable nuisance, for Bathurst is full of dogs, big and little, and in my opinion that man would be a public benefactor who would suggest some effectual means of abolishing the tormenting pest. Ut Our paternal Government is taking a great deal of trouble, and spending a great deal of money in order to unfold the beauties of the Jenolan Caves, and to render them easily acces- sible to visitors. An Edison dynamo machine will send the penetrating glare of the electric light into every hole and corner of the marvel lous recesses, and enable lynx-eyed officials to detect nnd frustrate the pilfering propensities of the casual tourist. Good roads are being laid out, hotels erected, drainage planned, and billiard tables provided, while the establishment of a railway, public house, chapel, and police station may be prophesied with safety as a natural sequence. No doubt other improve- ments will soon suggest themselves. A practi cal chemist, with an eye for scenic effect should be added to the staff, and instructed to heighten the natural effects by the resources of his art. The boiler which works the dynamo, might by a simple adjustment of pipes, produce a boiling mineral spring or a portable geyser, A judicious application of sandpaper, gum, and powdered glass would greatly improve the appearance of the stalactites, while a ghost concealed in the darkest and most remote cave, and, like the in- candescent light, thoroughly under the control of the urbane caretaker, would give an awe- inspiring tone to the exhibition, and dispel any sense of artificial frivolity. Ut But, looking at the Jenolan Caves as a com- mercial speculation, is it not a pity that such a remote locality should have been chosen ? The caves are most inconveniently situated and the expense of rendering them accessible will be considerable. Would it not be cheaper to re- move the whole exhibition to some commercial centre such as Bathurst, noted for the excel- lence of its hotel accommodation, and the tender solicitude of its police for the welfare of inebriated visitors. There, erected by contract on the site of that howling wilderness, now known as the Market Square, with the latest additions copied from the Mammoth Cave, the Adelsberg Cavern, the salt mines of Cracow, and the dark cells of the now gaol — with the most recent modern improvements in lakes and bottomless abysses — with a fossil manufactory and a visitor's suggestion book, we should possess an institution at once the envy and admiration of Orange and the rest of the world, and which would only require an occasional earthquake to ripen, mellow, and give that appearance of age which every well regulated natural phenomenon ought to possess. 