THE JUBILEE BALL. A ball was given last night by the Mayor of Sydney, Mr. John Young, and the Mayoress of Sydney, Miss Young, in honour of her Majesty's Jubilee. The event took place in the Exhibition Building, Prince Alfred Park, and was one of the grandest of the kind that has taken place here, there being about 2000 ladies and gentlemen present, all of whom, at the Mayor's desire, had arrayed them- selves in costumes worn from the twelfth century to the year 1800 in the British dominions, home and abroad. The whole of the preparations for the event were carried out under the personal supervision of the Mayor, by his own men, and the result was so satisfactory in every par- ticular that the whole proceedings were marked with a most thorough and complete enjoyment, there being a beam of gratification on every countenance, and a grateful recogni- tion in every mind, of the unbounded hospitality which Mr. and Miss Young displayed. The arrangements for the reception of the guests were well designed and carefully carried out, and the results were most satisfactory. Carriages approached the building by way of Regent-street and Cleveland-street to the main entrance to the park, opposite Redfern-street. The car- riages numbered some 1200 or 1300, and were kept in line by a large body of men under the direc- tion of Transit Commission officers, who also had the assistance of detachments of police under the command Sub-inspector Lawless. The route from the park-gate to the Exhibition building was outlined by means of lights. The guests commenced to arrive at half-past 7 o'clock, the actual time appointed being 8, and it was half-past 9 o'clock before the last arrived. There was no hurrying and no confusion, and, although the time occupied in setting down the guests was necessarily long, no expressions of dissatisfaction were heard in regard to delay. The carriages filed under a porte cochere, temporarily built and brilliantly lighted with gas. This was a great centre of attrac- tion to the general public, who assembled there in large numbers, and expressed themselves admiringly in regard to the fine array of costumes that passed before them. As the guests entered they were announced by Mr. Richard Seymour, and were each provided with a dance programme containing portraits of the Mayor of Sydney in his official robes and the Mayoress of Sydney arrayed in the costume of a Maid of Kent. The time available did not suffice for the Mayor to give full effect to his intentions and tastes in regard to the decoration of the building, but it was sufficient to permit of several pretty effects being produced. A principal feature was the suspended gallery, on which the musicians were stationed. This was beautifully decked with palms and ferns from the gardens of the Mayor, and was admirable in its appearance. A charming effect was also produced by means of immense mirrors, which were placed at the northern and southern ends of the building. In these were reflected the whole scene of animation and beauty that was caused by the hundreds of guests as they moved gracefully to the strains of the band. The principal portion of the interior was draped from the gallery to the main floor, and the standards were specially decorated with mirrors and flowers, having between them rendezvous named after the principal towns in her Majesty's dominions. The dais provided for Lord and Lady Carrington was sumptuously furnished and car- peted, and was quite a centre of attraction whenever his Excellency and Lady Carrington appeared on it. A canopy was also erected at the southern end, which was likewise provided with suites of furniture for the convenience of guests, and chairs were placed around the building for a similar purpose. From gallery to gallery festoons of evergreens were suspended, and above all hundreds of gas jets shed a gleeful light. Noticeable in connection with the lighting arrangements were some Wen- ihain lamps, that assisted materially in brightening the building. The stewards were Aldermen Kippax, Chapman, Riley, Poole, Withers, Dean, Burdekin, MacMahon, Taylor, Hardie, Meeks, Hart, Playfair, Beare, and Bryon, and Messrs. C. H. Woolcott, T. H. Sapsford, H. J. Daniel, R. Seymour, J. R. Palmer, Edwin Savery, H. Westcott, A. Spear, C. H. Lines, G. Merriman, and G. Robinson. Smoking and card rooms were provided at the rear of the dais, and cloak and retiring rooms were erected on each side of the main entrance. Special accom- modation was also provided for the press, a room being set apart for its representatives. Amongst the guests weto Sir John Hay, president of the ¡Legislativo Council ; the Hon. II. Copeland, Minister fon Lands; tho lion. J. Fletcher, Minister for Minos; tho Ilion. J. S. Furnell, M.L.C., mid the following members of Itho Legiolativo Assembly:-Messrs. R. Butcher, R. rVVisdom, Sir Henry Parkes, Messrs. A. Bowman, '.T. B. OHiiio, AV. S. Targott, John Seo, N. T.tolvillo, ,T. F. Smith, T. It. Smith, S. Smith, John Davies, D. O'Connor, C. J. Roberts, G. A. Lloyd, mid A. Kethel, Other mombeis might have been present, but if so they wero not recognit-ablo in ennsoquenco of their disguises. A number wore compelled to absout themselves, ns the llouso continued to sit whilo tho hall was taking /place. . It was a happy, aud iu soino respects a novel, idea on tho pint of the Mayor to colebrato tho Jubileo year of her Majesty's reign by a Costume ball, and to restrict the drcbo. to the costumes worn throughout the Bl ¡tish dominions between tho l_th century and tho year 1850\. By that means, tho ontertuinnient was at onco in- vested with a degree of national inteiest which could not possibly attach to a moio Fancy Dress hall of tho oidinnry ¡lund \s hilo tis a method of eclobratiug tho particular event appropriate or attractivo ono. The imagination 'is struck at onco with tho wonderful variety and 'brilliancy of the costumes that might bo gathered to tgether in a ballroom under such conditions ; but it is still moio forcibly impressed by tho remarkable extent of tho British dominions, and tho inlinito diversity of character that pie- ents itself in British guise. The peculiar charm of such a spectaclo lies in the fact that, after all, it is historical matter of fact .which so dn__los tho Imagination ; wheionsa Fancy Dress bnll is simply a wild lovel of extravagance, without any check' or restraint upon the indulgence of fanciful conceits in character or costume It is quite within ren«on to supposo that many of tlio charming belles who, for tho past tsvo or three weeks, Iiavo laid daily siego to tho courteous librarian of 'tho Public Libiiîry for books of costume, havo ncvor hail ( ouch a lesson in geography and history-to say nothing of "antiquities"-during tho whole of their hoarding-school experience. Thoy have been tempted to study tlio pecu- liarities of costume not only in Gicat Britain and Ireland but in India and Coylon, in Australia and Now Zealand, in Canada, at the Capo of Good Hopo, tho AVost Indies, Hong- kong, tho Mauritius, Cyprus,Maltn.and Gibraltar, to sayno ¿hingof many other islands scattered up and down tho world. At the samo time they have been roraindod tfint Normandy, Brittany, and ninny othor pioviuces of Franco wero onco 'included in tho British dominions, as well as tho North. American colonios, no\s- known as tho United States. Thus, .it is fair to conclude that tho full meaning of tho term "British dominions" has novor hoforo boen so vividly realised by many of us as it has been, and will be, in con- nection willi the Jubilee BaU. Then as to diversity of costumo, a moment's reflection is enough to dissipate tho idea that exclusively British cos 'tunies must necessarily bo wanting in colour, dash, or ?variety. Englishmen, it is truo, havo ncs-er shown -until recent times nt any rato-any decided genius I in tho arts of design as applied to costumo. From tho oarliost times of their history ,thoy have hoon I content to bonow their fashions florn the Fronoh, Italians, I nnd Spaniards, who havo successively supplied tho world I with the finest typos of tho picturesque and original in ¡ïntioiial costume. Tho Tentón race, bom and bred in ¡#¿11 and foggy climates, has bcon forced to content itself H-th neutral tints; the Latin, rovolling in tiio sunshino of Muthern Europo, has displayed its lovo of colour in tho arts of dress and dccoiation as frooly as the Oriontal. iDuring the reign of the Plantaganots, tho subtlo Italinn set j '¿lie fashion iu dress; tho stately Spaniard succeeded him las the arbitor of fashion in tho time of tho Tudors ; and tho period of tho Rostmation brought in the reign of Fronch j fashion, which in ono wriy or another has continued to j exercise almost undisputed sway over since, j Thû result of this smgular fusion of fashions is that English costumo, so far as {ho Court and nobility woro con I cerned, may bo said to have absorbed all that was best worth having from tho thrco nations. Tho conventional j typo of a courtier, as ho is represented on tlio singe, appears in a costumo which is English only by adoption or imita- tion. The hat with drooping p Kimo, tho velvet mautlo, tho rich doublet, with sleeves slashed io shew the whito shirt, Who laco rutiles, and the silkou hose, ebuld novor havo ori feinntcd in a climnto which, "requires ovorcoats nnd »mibrollns ¿von in Bummer. Thoy carno from a region j'i sunshine and colour; hut notwithstanding nil tho Write they acquired through Couit patronage, for n contury, lue costumos lor mon at least woro novor properly acolima tsed in Eußlnnd ; and althouch English ludios still look to Paris for their fashions, Englishmen, have long sinco censed to do ho. Tho «lylo of dress in which a Parisian loves to disport himself in tho Boulovards nowa- days, ins become a standing; joke among Englishmen! quite as much bo ob his peculiarities of langugge and gesti- culation. Tb,o chango that has thus taken placo in English idoas with regnrd to French fashions, is a very noticeablo fuct in tho history of British costume. How completo the ohungo is may bo seen at a glaneo, by comparing the illus- trated plates in a book of French costumes with those, in any similar work published in England. During tho greater part of tho eighteenth century, French and English cos fumes were simply counterparts of each other ; but tho modols, for which our forefathers felt so much admiration aro no longer modals for ns. The diversity nnd boauty of British costume fs a to'pio not easily exhausted, sinco it takes na all round the world and to many different regions on tho globe. Among tho national stylos of dress peculiar to tho mother. country, that of tho Highlanders is conspicuous for colour and oûoet; it might bo said to stand unrivalled among tho national costumes of Europe Passing from tho 'British isles', fija imagination is at onco attracted by the Oriental costumes worn by tho different rucos which have occupied India-Mussulman and Hindoo especially- in all tho various grades of thoir peculiarly aititícial society. In Hongkong wo find oursolvcs sur- rounded by anothor stylo of Oriental costuma not quito so attractivo to tho eyo, although it has many recommenda- tion» from a comic point of viow. The Capo of Good Hope présenta a motley group, among whom the Dutch Boers aro prominent, but not at all picturesque Among tho islands, Malta and Cyprus, furnish us with modols of great historio interest. Ono reminds us that tho Knights of Malta onco stood foremost in tho ranks of chivalry, and tho other that Othello ruled in Cyprus over Turks, Vene- tians and Cypriots. Tho West Indies, too, aro by no means wanting in suggestion. But it is not necessary to go into detail in order to show that tho numbor mid variety of national costumes in the British, dominions, aííoíd ample scope to tho ingenuity and taste of those who, liko Dr. Syntax, have sot out in search of tho picturesque Tho restriction which at first sight convoyed tho idea that tho ranga of solection would bo unduly limited, turns out to bo hardly any restriction at nil ; whilo tho patriotic ROntimont in which it originated, and which it ia so well designed to illuetrato, will mako ampio amends, in tho eyes of all loyal Australians, for tho exclusion of a few typos of foreign character which have boon worn threadbnro at the Fancy Dress balls of the period. It will not be out of place on the present occasion to refer to the festivities of a similar land to the presont which havo taken placo in our city. Of courso there havo boon civic demonstrations varying in importance with the objects which called thom hito existoneo over bíuco tho incorporation of the city, but tho most important, ex- cepting tho presont ono, havo boon in connection with tho visits of somo members of tho Royal family. Tho visit of his Royal Highness the Duko of Edinburgh in 1868 was marked by a grand celebration on February o of tho samo your, when the citizens' reception ball took place in a pavilion erectod for tho purpose in Hyde Park, between Park- street and Market-street. Tho structuro was of wood, with a wide-spanned galvanised ¡ron roof, somewhat dopresscd at tho apex. Tho building had foiv windows of any sizo, but many dooi s, and two odd-looking turrots or towers at the northorn and southern oxtremities, on Avhich Avoro displayed , well- QXeeutod transparencies with the city arms, and full-length largo-sized portraits of tho Duke of Edinburgh. Tho pavilion, as a tem- porary * structuro, was ' well adapted to tbo purpose tor which it wub erected, .being woll ventilated and possess- ing an excellent floor for dancing, and also containing an ample number of retiring-rooms and a commodious supper room. Tho great hall of the building was 254 feet long, with a breadth of 98, independent of the galleries and adjacent apartments. Tho room was decorated in a profuse nnd olegnut manner with armorial bearings, flags, nnd over greens. Tho numbor of guests who attended num- bered nearly 3000 persons. Tho Duke of Edinburgh (together with his suite) was accompanied by his Excellency and Lady Belmore, and was received at tho pavilion by his Worship tho Mayor of Sydney (Mr. Charles Mooro) and the Mayoress. His Royal High- ness opeued tho ball with tho Mayoress (Mrs. Charles Mooro), his Worship the Mayor leading nut the Countess of Belmore At tho supper tlio Mayor proposed tho lovnl toasts, tho Duko of Edinbugh responding to that of " Tho Royal Family." Tbo ball proved a great success. On March 10, 1868, a public fancy ball, in honour of tho visit of tho Duke of Edinburgh, was held at the Prince of Wales Thcntio, and M'as attended by about 1000 port-ons. The decorations of the theatre woro at once elaborato and superb, and tho dresses of many of tho Indies wero re- markably rioh and elegant, mustof them being designed to represont the costumes of historical characters, and present- ing a greater variety than usual on such occasions. Tho first quadrille Avas danced by tho Duke of Edinburgh and Mrs. Murray, Mr. W. Macleay nnd Mis. Lambert, Com- modore Lambert and Mrs. W. Macleay, Lord BUiuoro and Lady Manning. -/ On Febrnary 19, 1879, tho Mayor of Sydney for that vcar, Mr C. J. Roberts, travo a fancy di ess ball nt tho Exhibition Building on a scale of great magnificence. 'I ho decorations ot the building weroevceediiurly beautiful, rho choicebt exotics fjorn. the Botanical Gardens and tho resources of tho decorators' art having aliko been drawn upon to complete a harmonious whole. Tho puesls (lowed in ono contiuueus tido for upwards ol' two hours, boing re- ceived hy his Worship the Mayor and tho Mayoress (Mrs. Roberts). Amongst the guos'ts, who numbered nearly 2000, wero his Excellency the Governor (Sir Hercules Robinson) and Lady Robinson, and flin guests from Government Honso. In tho opening quadrille, the Mayor and Lady Robinbon led off with Sir Horoules Robinson and tho Mayoress as vis-à-vis. On July 16, 1881, a brilliant festival was witnessed nt tho Exhibition Building, the occasion being a grand bail givon by his Worship tho Mayor for that year (Mr. John Harris). "l'lio occasion Avns in honour of the visit of tho Detached Squadron, with the Royal Princes, to this port. Upwards of 2000 citizens attended, including all tho ofllcors of the I squadron who could bo spared from duty. Tho principal guosts wore his Excellency Lord Augustus Loftus and Lady Loftus, tho Royal Princes (in tho uniform of midship- men), and Rear-Admiral Earl Clanwilliam. Tho as bomblago was brilliant in tho extreme, and every- thing iu connection with tho ball was in keeping with tho impôt tonco of quiidrillo mus foiiued as follows:-His Excollency tho Governor and tho Mayoress (Mrs. John Harris), Lord Clanwilliam and Lady Loftus, Prince Albert Victor of Wales and Miss Ethel Allen, Prince Geoigo of Wales and Miss May Stephan, Sir Alfred Stephen and Mis. Wilson, Commodore Wilson and Mis. Bruce, Captain Dawson and Mrs. Stonhen, Cuptnin Fitzgerald and Mrs. Sterling, &c.; The Mayor and Miss Young took their places within the ballroom portion at a quarter to 8. The Mayor was in his official robes; the Mayoress wore a charmingly character- istic costume for a Maid of Kent, a short frock of white gauze, kilted skirt, over which hop loaves and blossoms, the latter in gold, were wreathed from right to left in waving lines. The bodice and epaulette sleeves were similarly bordered; a hat of white high crown with the broad brim raised and turned back, showing the hair, and wreathed also with hop garlands. A circular fan of white silk was trimmed to match, and from left to right a scarf of purple and canary, the mayoral colours. Behind the Mayoress sat a lady most richly and correctly attired as a lady of James l.'s reign. The costume, as those who have studied the subject know, varied little from that of Elizabeth's time. The Marie Stuart cap, in black velvet, edged with gold and pearls, was therefore as correct as becoming ; the petticoat was of white satin, thickly covered with gold lace, the bodice and train of black satin, also bordered with broad gold lace, high close ruffle of net studded with gold pearls, the bodice, open in front, showed a white satin stomacher, upon which rested a riviere of white amethysts in admirable setting ; beside her a Knight of Malta in full regalia kept guard. A large number had arrived, and the host decided to begin receiving, the visitors being announced by name, the costumes in many cases not only marking a wide contrast between their rela- tions in everyday life, but separating their existence by several centuries. Henry IV., seeking relief from the cares of royalty, had laid aside the crown, and in a long robe of crimson, bordered with gold, the quaintly folded headgear rested its ends upon the shoulders ; under the long open hanging sleeves, lined with ermine, was revealed the rich under - garb of blue velvet, trimmed with gold ; the costume was strikingly effective. By his side walked a Watteau shepherdess, and at a little dustaneo cniuo blithe Princo Uni, m a,loo«o shirt of pink under a doublot of silver chain armour, a shoulder cloak of piuk velvet, embroidered in silver, pink A-elvet hat ivilh silvor oruiiiuouls and plumo of feathers, flesh-tinted tights, and shoes with silver ornaments, completed a very handsome dipss. William Shakespeare, splendidly ropre bented, walked past his Worshiu wilh ft lady of George I. time ; hor dress Avas of rich black velvet, a potticoat of ivory satin, richly trimmed with gold lace, the under bleeves of satin, puffed tu the shoulder, over sleeves of velvot lined with gold b.itin, groy wig-a vet y handsomo dress. Behind this euuplo carno" a Busy Bee, in a short diess of black, triuiiiiüü in fiont to imi- tate tho body of, the insect, with bands of amber, satin wings of gold tinsel gauzo, cap of black velvet mid gold, with oj es nnd nntenmu of inseot ; flowing golden hair harmonised well with this unique toilette ; the second represented English arl, a classic ioho of wliito cashmoro, low full bodice, and shot tvandyked sleeves fastened ouUido the arm with gold buttons, long train of bluo cashmcro, the cashmere brightened with elaborato trimmings of gold luco, she carried a palottu and b» tighes. Kout- io this" graceful group followed Bill Sykes wilh tho . familiar singo got up of tho Oliver Twist villain, mated with a youthful Gnliitoa, and accompanied by a lady of tho eighteenth coutury in black satin and powder. A gentleman. in the cop t dress of tho present day, Mk\ who locently had the honour of boing presented at St. James's, was accom- panied by a Quakorcss anti a charming shephordess. Anothor lady, ftmiilinr at all social gatherings, woro a 'dorauro frock of palo groy, n poko bonnet to match, tho . Avhito korohiof, apron, and tymnot s trinas, tho oxtrenio of her ordinary attiro, with her walked a young lady in all the glory of pov der, patches, and Watte itt style, without a thought or tho oiîenco which rompa and vanities would bo to her chaperon Tho President of tho Legislativo Council was accompanied hy a lady with powdered hair and quaint brocado, tho high ruff forming an effecttvo frame to a fair thront An old English gentleman and lady of the last century mado a charming conti ist to the gay robes of mnnv As tho couples passed the host and hostess tiley giadnally formed into gioups, tho younger visitors beginning tho important business of filling the programmes Under tho band gallery ono striking group assembled Cour do Lion m close fitting ruby \otvct, spangled in Bilver, with an over sacquo of royal blue solvct em bioidorod m gold, lion ia tho centre, with this was worn a Knight of Ascalon doalc of coshinero, with the red cross in velv et, a bright sih or helmet I ho woaror is an American citizen resident in Sy dnoj His sister looked very hnndsomo m the well known is hito robo of Britannia Sho woro tho chancttnstic helmet, and had tho Union Jack m satin nrrois her breast, with tho trident in her right hand bir Ihornas and Lady Fairfax, tho former in a handsome cavnhor dress of hlnokvolvet,hishravewifo tor tho moment in friendly chat with a stanch rojahst, woro a potlicoat of hohotropo satin, with a trained gown of violet soh et, tho fronts t'iinmed with honeycomb puffed white satin, orna- mented with pearls, low bodico with üchu and sleeves of lawn, edged with rare old luco which showed to perfection osor tho solsot, tho hohotropo skirt was flounced with lace of the samo rich pattern, penrla wero -ssom round tho neck and m tho han, which was culled and arranged in nccoidanco with tho sfvlo of the penod AVith theso couples, the wife of Robort Burns, in Bober black silk; with svhito muslin cup. apron, and fichu, Bomo rnro old lace introduced Side by sido with these stood tvvo sisters iopie=cntmg Australia past and present, tho foi mer m slcosoleis cloak of 'possum skin, through which her sabio arms weie plainly visible, a necklaco of sholls hoi only ornament Tho typical Young Australia wore a white llos/ing robe.a -goldtoronot.nnd earned tho flag of Now South AVales, w hich, with a pretty grace, sho trooped she later in tho Polonaise passed the dais wboreon lus Excellency and Lutlv Carrington stood A maturo Amy Robsart, very correctly costumed in pink satin for tho petticoat studded with peails, with a trained robo of deep enmson -velvet, tho pointed cap ot tho samo shade, and tho whit« ruff and toilette generally trimrrcd with gold lnco Katherine of Airngon, m lieh bl own and pink, tho shlo niarly tho samo, supported by a fnnr m olden brown, joined the group, and wero jo ned by tho " Shamrock " who, with a whito petticoat colored with the tiefoil, and nn 01 erdrosB of true emerald green, can led tho harp of 1 nn on her shoulder, and tho Court Jester of Henry VII escorted Peg AVoffington Suddonlj, bj general consent, the brilliant and mans colourcd nssombly ranged itsolf in two hues, many rows deep, anda ishisperpassed through tho crowd that tho Governor had armed Britannia and Australia took their places on opposito bides of the dnis Two of Cromwell's soldiers, m real armour of tho time, which has seen service on tho lmttlo- ficlda of Lnglnnd, headed tho pro- cession in which tho Major escorted Lady Carrington lils Excellency followed with tho Mayoress, next wera Mr L AV M alhngfon, Captain lorry and Captain Shonffe, in stiff uniform the 1 own Clerk m his official dress, tho aldermen, all wearing «caifsof tho Mayoral colours, and tho stoward s with their special hidges, the band playing tho National Anthem In a few minutes the Mas or and Alas ores« loft tho dais and led tho way, tho company following m couples rhevmado tho circuit ot ?'ho ballroom portion of tho building, pissed tho dais, and saluted Lord and Lady Carlington The progress of this procession soon from tho gallery, was strikingly offectiso and picturesque, tho many-coloured and dnersely lashioned garments presenting an over changing spi-ctaclo of kaleidoscopic variety and beauty which cm scarcch ho imagined, and of which words give n poor description Ono Knight Templar recognisedTiis duty as a military officer, and as ho passed his Lxcolloncs dross his sword and saluted Iho Polonaiso over, the State Quadnllo sim formed, in which his Excellency danced with the Masore=s, Ladv Carrington with tho Mas or, the side couples ex-Mayor Playfair, ex Mas or Hardie, Airs Hardio, and Miss Creer His Excel lencj woro tho full uniform of Govornor, vs ith tho ribbon and stat of G C AI G Lad) Carrington woro a ttamed gossn of iv 017 ha tin linds eh ctbrocndc,low hodicct¡the fashion),porfect tiara of d amonds, and magnificent riitoe of similar gems Mia Hardie wore the famili ir costumo of Mary Queen of Scots-black selvct, pearls,land sshito satin-and Miss Croor svoro the costume ofa A\atteau shepheidess Other quad- rilles ss ero formed at tho same timey but a brilliant com pms "-ocmed to find particular ploasuie in vsatchtng the sico-iegnl «tt Amongst tho most sinking costumes not lutheito noticed svas ono of Eleanor of Giuonne, whoso svearer looked far too handsome to haso ans esil designs upon a suspected Inn Rosamond Sho w ore a trained robe of svhite cashmere bordered vs ith gold, ssithu petticoat and stomacher of sery rich biocado m s elsetot blue and gold, sleeves pointed and neaily touch in/tho hem of her robe, a regal crown rested on long golden locks which iell in curls below tho waist, and n seil of tullo falling oser tho robe "Ropes of pcirls " ss ei e tsvmed again and again round tho neck lins si as one of tho most unique dresses m tho room Iho Ghost of tho Last AAritch was sen opposito, tho pointed hat and mjstic omblems over the motlej -coloured gow 11, the 1 uff and stick, suggest tho 'Moth« Hubbard" of tho nui sery story books Charles I w ith a rich bluo vols et coat and cardinal satin breeches, all triiume>d ssith handsome gold Ince, wcanng a cross belt ind sssoid, cas ihcr boots aud easahcr hat with sshito plumes ssalked ssith Jano Seymour, and, dcspito the duleienco historically separattrg the two, looked re mai1 ahlv happs Iho lady's dress svas sery handsome indeed Iho costumes of tho 1 udor time nnd those of tho GLoigmnporiol appeared to bo most numerous Süd certamls ssero among the handsomest mel most accurato in t io assembls Perfect in oserv detail was one, a la ly oí Giorgol reign, in a svhito satin brocaded suit, draped with palo bluo ansh caught up with a bunch of grenat and palo bluo feathers, corba^o of palo bluo biotade, greuat s est braided svith gold rútilos of old luce, grenat three-cornered hat suth gold embroidery and bundi of plumes she ssas accompanied hy a gentle- man lobeel in strict accircinnce with the costumo svorn by a Chnieso nobleman of high rank, but who is nevertheless a Biirish subject A sery jouthful couple styled thomsclses ' 100 jeara ago," the ladv woio a serj channing dre<¡s, tue bodice and petticoat of svhito satin, the bunched drapery and facings of old- fashioned crape, em- broidered in colours, raised hat and plume of rich p ittcms, pos\ lot aud patches, scrj bceoming So charming weio tho jouthful ladies in possdor that es on nt tho risk of the nick- name of " Guinea pig»" and the accompnns rug tax it would not bo surpnsuig if the fashion again carno into fas our Very attractis 0 was the Duchess of Devonshiro m a brocado of biossn and íosebuds, a sshito svig suth noising curls, and the most channing of Gainsborough hats 1 ho Indies near ssero Alargiuct of A'alois, ready apparently to lend Raoul to wod a Valentine, and supporting a sery atttactiso sshito loso A second Cccur do Lion in chain armour ssas a modem Hcicult«, to judgo h) his phjsique A Highland chieftain, with tho M'Leod tartan and oserj ornament or a thief of tho Miictest fashion, ssas accom- panied bv Helen Alicgiegoi Mis Alice Lylo, themgh diessed uadv for her execution, smiled serenely , and a joung lady in hot great grandmother's bircado, with n petticoat of ruby satin, ssith Mrs Balchnstio mid a Puritan maiden attended bs a CmibridnO MA, and two ot three nas al ofneors, made anotlioi nieirv party Hie ciowded slato of the room mado it impossible to notice cseiv di ess or indeeel to see osei v pnsun Iho eflect was especially bnlliant and tho dances so oddls assorted- jesters and Puritans, sailors and Msuudieres-kept tho ojo cf tho spectator constantly amused rho piogrammes weio m thiee folds, tho centio ono had the head and bust of hor Majesty, stir re mided b) a WTWith of laurel, snth the dates lSá7 imd lSbb, belosv was tho portrait of tho May oress m her ball costume, the first pago boro a porti ai t of tho Mas or in hisiobei, and the thud the municipal arms, svith tho dtto of the bill Ihoso ssero prepared by Messrs Gibbs, Shallard, and Co, and con- tained 19 dances and two oxtuiH Lovers of both stsles of ssnlt/ingssero studied, and "fast" and sloss alter- nated Jhoimmiika, too, was included Up to nuduight tho hill ssas too cross dod for many to dance, but this seeniLd m no ssav to inteifue with tho enjoyment, the noii dancéis finding ampio pleasuio 111 watching tho others Ï ho geneial implosion vs as that tho dresses w ere in Iho large iiiujontj admirably selected, the materials woro very nell, and gi eat caro hud been taken to mako tho histoiic coslumcb accuinto Iho groat improve- ment m the general tasto of di ess m tho last ion j cat 3, tho increased inteiest in art, and the lahoma of tho iLsthetic school, sshose influence has boen fnr ssider and moie boncilcial than is ficquenth placed to thoir credit, is laigely anssseiablo for tho chango Ihorcvisalof biouides and s els oth has also mado tho costunnei's task compaia ttscly cass Other specially nttractise costumes sycro a ladv of Elua both's time svith a nch goss-u of black sols et, the hau'ing hleoses slushed with ruby satm, and a boidei of rubs batm and velvet placed on eich sido of tho svhito satin petticoat, si Inch ssas coscied ssith gold lace A Lighiuiile of luco and told (,uu_e loso from tho low bodico m a dignilled graceful manner 1 he young Maid ot Ilonom at tho Com t of Chai les I .mathauniiigcostumoofpmewhito svith soft lacofallmg about hci, und 11 ss ealth ol w bite plumes m her cas abor hat, wasuiLsistiblo Iheieweiosos eral Mars ¡stuarts,butonlyone Mars Carmichael ssus«ccn, she vsoio svhite satin t111111m.il with puuls An Austinhan pioncei m red sim t, top boots, nnd white coramoss, ssas accompanied bj a lad) of Queen Anne's time, seis ¡,iaeofully dieosed, and ssith her was Eleanor, ssilo ot Simon do Monttoit, in sen noscl costume An ofheor of tho 70th Highlandoissstis most nccuratol) dicsscd, and had tho ads intuyo of knowing that Ins j,armouts had been ss oin on tho led hold of Waterloo A Lnely of tho ISth Century, in black and gold, aftci tho picluto of fiolcno lottrment A Lady of Qualits in Elizabeth's Jt-igu, ssith los ni blue biocade Anis Robsnir, in lilac nmboi, svith pearls and ainethvbts in ornaments Loid do Vero (nuns MU) isso Aldeinicn of tho Court of Henry Mil, in gold and bluo quartonngs Lou! 13urloirh in blick biocado, tho Duchess of levskcsburv. in pink biocado md bluo satm potticiut Ihe tvs o old maids of Lea ss 010 among tho best of tho ssholo, ihui quaint gisvns, pnm bonnets, and wondai fui scnif*. weio nicsistiblo A young ladv 111 her father's ac identicals ns D C L of Osfoid, a Unis ei sits piofessoi as n Knight lomplm, all in snowy sshito «ne tho magio icd cioss Mndomoisollo do la Cour, ni a oh irming Watteau gown of palo bluo, an " lueompi.hcnsiblo," m red, ss bite, and bluo, if not ti national, svas a soiy ohaiEaiug costumo. Hero looked all innoconco m a trainca wliito satin gown; and Rosalind in Avhito cashmore, Avith hanging sleeves^ gold tissue, an underskirt of tho sanio material, open to tho waist on ono eldo, on. tho other a flowing drapery of cashmere upon which a golden snehot rested, coronet of gold studded with diamonds and diamond ornaments, was superbly dressed, .ino Squire's lady a short-waistcd gown of Avhito satin, Aviili full sleeves, low bodice, broad hat lied under the chin,' satin-bag, fan, lind all detailH complete, was boautiful and charmingly simple. 1 ho Peasants, Olivia Primroses, Quakers, Fishvvives, llobm. Hoods, Waltor Raloighs, Girl Graduates, Kato Hard castles, and Mrs. Balchristies, though bearing class names, woro much individualised,;through the variety of colour nnd material used. A- Norman Crusader, m Cham mail tunic, rich mantle, and shield, embroidered with the lions of England, bearing the arms of his family, ns grunted by Richard II., was a conspicuous porsonage, mid tho uniforms of many ofiicers added greatly to the brilliance of a scone ivhich, as theso linos go to press is still ono of great festivity. At this hour «is impossible to give the makers of all tho costumes. In addi- tion to those furnished hy the largo drapers, very many wero made privately ; large numbers, too, wero supplied by Mr. B. X. Jones and "Bosco," and of tho wigs fully 200 wero furnished by Mr. Wigzoll. Tho muslo was supplied by Needs' band, and gavo every satisfaction. The spoctaclo was very imposing, and it would have been considered so in England, and is therefore, fur moro creditable to tho colony which has not yet reached a century of existenco, and yet boasts a Chief Magistrate who celebrates her Majosty's Jubileo in so lavish and magnifi- cent a manner. There was a sot supper, hut refreshment stalls wera laid on both sides of the building, beneath the balconies, divided from tho 'hall hy a screen of flags. The tables wore tastefully laid, and freely decoratod with evergreens. His Worship had himself made tho arrangements for the supply of the poultry arid winos, the whole management of this depart- ment boing under M. Anglais and Mr. T. Kelly, with a largo and efficient Rtaff of Avaiters. The pastry was catered for by tho Compagnoni Company, of Pitt-street. A room was partitioned off in one comer of the building for the vice-regal party only, and shortly before midnight an adjournment was made to tho tablo. His Worship the Mayor presided, and proposed tho toast of "The Queen," which was- loyally honoured, nis Worship then proposed the toast of his Excellency tho Governor. Tho toast having boon enthusiastically received, Lord Carrington responded in felicitoiiR terms, and con- cluded bv proposing tho health of hi3 Worship tho Mayor and tho Lady Mayoress. His Worship having responded tin's portion of tho proceedings terminated, and the guests returned to the ballroom. The following aro the names of the guests anti the cos- tumes they woro : Arons, Mrs.-Lady Blackstone, George III. Aldcrson, L.-AVlndsor costume Ashdown, Mrs. A.-Nottinghamshire "Village Gleaner, year 1840 Allum, Mr. Allum, Mrs. Aronson, Mr.-AVindsor uniform, 1318 Aronson, Mrs.-Countess of Pembroke, wifo of Simon de Mont- fort, 123 S Allerton, Mrs. M.-Lady, IRth Century Alexander, Mrs.-Milkmaid. 1810 Aldersea, Mrs. L.-Miss llnrdcnstle, 1773 Ashdown, A.-Hermit, 13th Century Allt, Mr.-Master Mason, 1850 Allt, Miss-Court Lady George III. . Airey, Mrs.-Lady, 16th Century Alroy, Colonel-Uniform Mold officer of artillery Angus, Sire. F_Lady, reign George lu. Angus, Mrs.-Lady Mason Avonhurst-A'ictoritin Colonist, 1849 Alleyne Henry-Gentleman, George IU. Atkinson, Mrs. G.-Marie Stuart Atkinson, George-Naval Officer Arqulmbau, Miss K.-Catherine of Arragon ' Ackman, S.-Bill Sykes Ackmsn, Miss- Galatea Ackman, Mrs. S_Lady, 18th Century. , Ascho, T.-Sir Thomas Fairfax, Parliamentarian General, 1660 Asche, Mrs. T.-Lady Fairfax, 1600 ArquimbttU, Mr.«.-Lady, 19th Century Arquiinbau, Mísb M.-Court Dress, Charlea II. Arquiuibau, Captain.-Uniform Armytage, Miss-Lady, 1606 Angus, Mr.-Courtier of King Charles Angus, Mrs_Mary Stuart, Queen of Scots Angui, Miss-Forget-me-not Ans-us, Misa-Lndv of the Lake Adams, Mrs. L.-Lady Jane Grey Adams, F_Earl of Rochester Anderson, Mrs. J.-Lady, 19th Century Anderson, J.-Ocntlcman, IDth Century Andereon, George-King Hcnrv IA'. Anderson Miss-Young Lady, George III. Angus, Forbes-Chinese-British subject Audiew, Mrs. IL M.-Peasant of tho Channel Islands Arons, Mr.-Edmund Bourko. Bennett, Christopher-Evening Dress, J820 Bennett, Mrs. C.-Lady reign (¿uoon Anna Burton, Mrs. E.-Lady, 18th Century Broomfield, AV_Lieutenant Naval Brigade Broomfield, S. J_Courtier, 15th Century Butters, J. S. Beare. Mrs. AV. n.-Belle of the Village, 16th Century Brodhurst-HiU, Miss E.-Puritan Maiden Balley, S. B.-Sir Phillip Sydnoy, 16th Century Bouverie, Mrs.-Duchess of Devonshire Bouverie, Captain-Staff Uniform New South AVales Benson, Miss-Lady, reign Charles II. » .Bourke, P. B.-Isaao Butt Bouiko, Miss-Erin Broomfield, Miss-Lady, 18th Century ' Barton, Miss-AVelsh Maid, 16th Century Harton, G. B.-Evening Die^s Beare, AV. TI.-Naval Officer, 16th Century Bailey, Mrs. \V. II. L.-Alliage School Girl, 10th Century Burton, lt.-Courtier, 17th Century Burne. Mrs.-Pug Wellington Butcher, Mrs. R, B.-Lady of Itanlt, 17th Century Bowden, F. A.-Bluocont Boy (Grecian) v Braham, Miss Agnes-Mrs. llounsowell. Chesney "Wold Bennett, John-Lord Clarenden (William III.) Bennett, Mrs. John-1.a ly Claienden (William III.) Birkenhead, Mrs. Birkenhead, Miss-Peasant Girl Biid, II. S.-Franciscan Monk Baily, A.-Courtier, George III. Buckle, T.-Jung Charles I. Bowman, Mrj. Aloxandor- Marchioness, 17th Century' Bo« man, Alexander- AA'indsor Uniform Burns, Mrs. James-Lady of rank, reign Henry IV. Burns, James-Officer in the Scottish Guard Bensusan, S. F_Carmelite Monk, 16th Century P-erndt, F. - liurnun. Mrs. E.-Country Maid Booth, E.-Bambini Bennett, C. II_Admiral, ISth Century Brodie, J.-Cavalier, reign Charles II. Bunnan, E.-Steward Blacket, Mr.- Gentleman, reign Charles II. Burns. AV. M.-Postilion, Henry VIII. Bros, C. A.-Gentleman, 1470 Bros, Mrs. C. A.-Lady Edith Clinton, 16th Century Booth, Miss-Dolly A'arden, ISth Century Blanchard, Major-Kbarkeo uniform Birks, T_Evening dress, 10th Century Birks, Mrs. T.-Court lady, 17th Century Blady, Miss-Scotch lassie, clan Cameron Brent, H.-Noble, reign Elizabeth Pouch, W.-Surajah Dowluh Nubob of Bengal, British India Bennett, Mrs. A. -Lndy, Conrt 17th century Booth, Walter-Student Booth, A.-Irish gentleman, 16th century Bellsarlo, Guy-Cavalier, Charles I. Badham, R.-Lord Townley Bruce, W.-Evening dress Bclisario, Mrs.-Lady, 19th Century - llelisario, Miss Ethel-Follow tho Drum Belisavio, Dr.-Gentleman, 19th Century Brownless, Mrs.-Lady of Quality, reign William III. Brownless, Dr.-Cambridge Graduate, 1800. Bowden, Mrs.-Polly Bowden, Mr.-Court Jester Burnside, C. R.-Uniform N*. S. AV. Infantry Beare, .Mrs. J. C-Visitor Blnckwell, E, Boyd, William Lister-Gentleman, 19th Century Bailey, AV. II. L.-Bachelor of Arts, King's College, London Blackmann, Miss F.-Maud, the bailiffs daughte of Islington Biaokmann C. H. E.-Sir Christopher Wren Blackmann, Mrs. C. H. E.-Lady Wren Bradley, J. R.-Knight Templar Brown, Mrs. AViillam-Mistress Robert Burns Breillatt. C_Guardsman, 17th Century Benns, Mr.-Naval Officer, 17th Century Berry, W. G.-Court dross, reign George IPI. Booth, F.-Gcntloman, reign George 111. Broomfield, Mrs. AV.-Mr». Balohrlstio Boar, Mrs. M.-Mrs. Bj'christie Brookes, Mrs. (Queensland)-Lady 1850 Buckle-Gentleman, l'Jth Century' Bennett, A.-Court Dre^s Booth, John, jun_Couitior, George III. Booth, John, jun.-Miss Hardcastle, Henry VIII. Beattie, -Alisa-Starlight " Beattie, Madame-Meilircval Brown, SV. Lrnest-Gentleman, George III. Blanchard, Sli,i3-Portia Huckle, Mis* M.-Miss Hardcastle Buckle, F.-Seaman, H.M.S. Miranda Brunker, Mrs.-Lady, ISth Century Bennett, E.-Past Grand Officer District Grand Lodge, E.C., N.S.AV. Bennett, Mrs. E-Lady, George III. * Beare, Alderman Browne, De Courcy-Royal Scholar, Trinity College, Dublin Barber, Miss J.-Lady Undergruduuto Btowno, Mrs. Do C-Court Lady, 10th Century lit ninan. Miss M. E.-Lady of reign of George ILL Brennan, Miss-Puritan Brown, Mrs. A.-Aunt Lyle (Legend of Montrose) Brown, T. G.-Sailor Brown, Miss-Dolly A'nrden Butler, Miss -Ariel, James II. Backhouse, Sirs. B_Mrs. Balehristlo Baclthouso, H. C-One Hundred Years Ago Brock, G. S.-English Foxhunter Brock, Mrs. G.-Watteau costume, George I. Backhouse, Mrs, it. C-One Hundred Years Ago Backhouse, Miss-Lady of the 17th Century Bremer, E.-Gentleman, George III. Bremer, Mrs. Gordon-Undergraduate Lady Î.I.D. Bioughton-First Lieutenant, Torpedo Corps Broomfield, Sirs.-Mistress Alice Lisle Bridge, Claionce-Gentleman, Goorge III. Brailbuiy, Miss-Puritan malden Butcher, Mr.-Sirdar of India, 1840 Butcher, SIlss-Shepherdess, 17th Century > Butcher, Sir. R. B.-Courtier, George III. . linker, Mrs. G.~Huntress, 18th Century Baker, Sir. G.-Officer 13th Hussars, 18th Ccnturj Bunio, Dr.-Court Joster, 10th Century Ciecr, Captain -Sir Finnois Drake door, Miss-Duchess of Bedfdrd out-door costume George III. Creo?, Mrs.-Cathorino of Arragon Cohen, Mr.-Com t costume, reign George III. Cother, Mrs.-Britannia Cohen, MUs- Quakeress Cobon, Sliss E.-Court Lady, reign Queen Elizabotlj Coultor, Joseph-High Knight Templar Cnrnow, li.-Duke, 17th Century Curnotr, Mrs.-Lady, 18th Century Cumow, Miss-Shepherdess Curnoiv, A. P.-Siedical Stiuiont Cuinoiv, AV. L.-Undergniduato Creer, Miss A.-Serving Maid time Elizabeth Creor, "Miss E.-Lady Oeorgo HI. Cieor, Sliss B.-Scotch Lusslo Collins, Sirs_Conrt Lady, 19th Century ' Cunningham, John-Gentleman. 10th Confur? Cork, I,.-Pago, 10th Century Cook, AIiss-V omit? lads, ISth Century Cool., b.-Olllcci, 7'lth UighUndeis, 1815 . Cook, Sirs.-Mrs. Tlirale, 171). Cartor, Miss-Lady, George III. Carter, Miss K.-Norman Lady. Henry I. Carter, Jamen M'Coy-Gentleman, 10th Century Carter, Miss-Dolly Varden Carter, George Lord-Huntsman, Willlam IV. Coate«, Mi« I. G - Druldcss Crokei, Alt G -Bachelor of Arts, Oxford University Chapman, Mi6S-Griteo Darling Chapman, Mr. T.-Beau, 1820 Chapman, Mrs. T.-Lads Jane Grey Cohen, Mr.-Barristor-1 '* >v Collings, W. G.-Hübet. « Burgh Culling«, Mrs. AV. (j -Colleen Basvn. Cartuthers, Dr. C At.-Gentleman, lfith Century Cariuthcrs, Mrt. Hose ot York. Copeland, MUs-'Iho Daughter of the Douse Carroll, Misa-Genius of Erin Oimpboll, AV. G.-Buck of the Regency Crane, E - English gentleman, Court di ess, 1806 Cras leigh, John-Court Jester, Charles II. Claptn, F. L.-Courttei, Charles II. Copeland, tho non. II.-An Anfjlo-AIalny Copeland, Mrs -My Great Grandmother, Dame Copoland Creswell, Mr.-Gentleman, 17th Century Cantor, Miss-Amy Robsart Cantor, C-Naval Oflicor, 1140 Cantor, Mr« C-Old English lady Creswell, Mr«.-Mary, Queen of Scots Cohen, Sirs.-Amy Itobsart Cohen, Miss-Court lady, 15th Century' Carey, J. K.-Gentleman, 17th Century Carey, Mrs. J. R -Court lady, reign Elizabeth Couchman, -,-Puritan, reign Elizabeth Copeland, Mr, jun. Campbell, E. 0.-The Antiquary Cavanough, Mrs. J.-Puncéis Catherine, Henry V. Casanough, Miss-Dolly Varden Cavanoughs J.-Barrister Cohen, Lieutenant A'iotor-Hoval Naval Brigade Is. S. AV. Cohen, Mis. A'ictor- Gladys, Duchess of Tewkesbury C1)ne, D G.-Lord Bothwell Curtis, Mr.-Advocate Cohen, H.-Gentleman, 14th Century Cameron, Mr«.-Ladj 17th Century > Cameron, Angus-ltlght Worshipful Mastor, Scottish Masonry Clarke, Mina-N'urso timo Ciimean AVar Coonan, Mr.-Earl of Leicester Cconan, Mr«.-Lady Dorothy Sydney 1CS7 Ciowloy, Misa-Shcphordcss 12th Century ChBmier, Mrs.-Queen Bercngnrla 12th Century Cos, Miss-Dorothy Foister 17« Cole, Miss N.-AV aitlug Maid 1770 Cornell, Mrs.-Jessie, tno flowor Dumblane Calvert, J. J.-Official Costume as Clerk of the Parliaments Chownlng, J.-Gentlomen 18th Century . Clark, 'J. L.-Wueooat School Hoy 1820 . Coulter, J.-High Knight Templar Cohen, Mi»s-w aiting Maid Can oil, Owen-English Court Costume \ Clarke, AV. J., Junior-Queen Anno's Outrider Carugatl, Mr.-Eir John Franklin Carugati, Mrs - Mars Queen of Scots Craig, John-Officer 1835 Cohen, h -Drummer Hoy 18th Century Chapman, Mrs li -Tho Protector'. Daughter Chapman, Captain II.-Uniform of hisllcgunent Cohen, Mibs Julie F.-.Milkmaid Cullen, I). G.-Our Mutual Friend Cullen, Mrs. D G -Lady Franklin Curtis, Airs_Lady Court Queen Elizabeth Curtie, F.-Gentleman 17'i2-i Ciook, F.-University Student Cook, J.-AVindsor Knight Coombo, T L -Gentleman Charles I. Coombe, Mrs. T. L.-Court Di ess Reign Elizabeth Copeland, Miss S.- Uhe hqulro's Daughter Cameron, C-Gentleman 18th Century Cowan, Miss Lena-Grace Dalling CurtiB, Miss-Kate Hardcastlo Curtis, P. F.-Squire Hardcastlo Cox, Miss C.-Citi/en'b svifo 1720 Comer. Mrs.-Court Lady Reign Queen, Elizabeth Caía, Mr. Crcer, Miss-Dolly Tarden Collina, Mr.-Seaman Biitish Navy * Cook, Miss Jeanie-Flota M'lvor ___ . Coates, J. G -Nobleman Reign Henry VHI. Charnier, Mr.-Windsor uniform Claike, Mrs_Gipsy 18.0 i Conros-Page, Lh?abeth Caporn, Mrs.-Lady 19th Century Co-, Dr.-Apothecary Charles II. Clune, Mrs -Australia Clune, Dr. M. J -Doctor Queen's University Chrnon, Miss-Shepherdess Chmon, L_Student Chapman, Mrs. Michael-Lady 18th Century Chapman-Alderman Delohery, Mr.-A Gentleman at AVindsor Dclohorv, Mrs.-A Lady of tho 18th Century Delobory, Mr. jun.-Bachelor of Arts Delohery, Miss-A Walting Maid Day, S. T.-bub-lieutenant oi the N. S. AV. Naval Brigade Dean, J. A.-Undicss uniform in the lelgn of George III. Dean. J. M.-Sjdnoy Aouth of 18.0 Davies, Mia. J.-Indy of Branksonis Davies, Miss 1..-Torio Davies, Ailsa-Lady of the 16th Century Davies, John Mear- University Student« Danes, J., CM G , M.L.A - Royal Arch Mason Day, Miss-Aims Hardcastlo Dallas, MiS3-I rost Davies, Ernest Law ton-Knight of the Silver Crescent Dow dnej, J. A.-Alderman to the Court of King Henry A'HI. Drewctt¡ Vlr.-Gentleman in the reign of George IV. Dretvott, Miss-Duchess of Devonshire Dempster, T.-Barrister of the year 1800 Dempster, Miss Lily-Queen of Henry H. (Eleanor of Accrui talne), 12th Century Dempster, Miss-Queen of Henry VI. (Margaret of Anjou), 15th Century Drewctt, Mrs.-Lady of the -0th Century Das ison, S O.-Sir Walter Raleigh Davison, Mrs. S. G.-Lads Jane Gioy Deane, C. M -University Costumo Doekor, Aithur-Windsor Unifoim of tho year 184/ Dillon-Undress Vt melsoi uniform Davies, J. H.- Lord Ii icon Davies, Mrs J. II.-Mary Queen of Scots Diiv enport, Frank A.-British lar oí 18.0 Deine, Sydney-Uniform Deane, Miss-VV olsh gala dress Daly, J. J -Windsor Gentleman Daly, Mrs. J. J. -Lady in the reign of George I. Dodds, Ml«. M.-Scotch Lassie Daly. Henry-Lord I lanela Bacon Do Lissa, Miss-Miss Hardeastle, from "She Stoops to Con- quer" Davies, Mrs. Herbert-Dorn M'lvor, year 1715 Davies, Heibott-AVmdsor dress uniform, 17th Century Dibbs, T. A.-Gentleman of tho year 1832; Dibbs, Mrs. T. A. Puritan Lady Dihbs, Miss Nellio; Dibbs, Miss Agnes ¡ Dibb9, Miss Ethel English Damsels of 100 j ears ago Dobson, C-Attach, of tho British Consulate of tho reign of George IV. Daly, Robert-AVaiden of Galway Reign George IH. Urnes, Air. Dull, Mre H. R.-Elizabethan AVaiting Lady DunmoliiT, Miss-A AVaiting Maid, peiiod 1720 Davidson, T. H.-Evening Dress 1810 Dalton, J.-1th Dragoon Guards I) insev, Dr.-Uniform De Lissa, A.-English Gentleman ;of ' tho early part of the Century < Do Lissa, Mre. A.-Lady of tho reign of Georgo II. Davenport, Mrs J.-Duchess of Devonshire Davenport, J.-Gentleman of the time of Charles I. Deaiy, Mis M. Decís ? Mrs. M.-Lady of the ISth Century Daniels, li. S. Dotigloss, Mrs.-lady of the lGth Century Elliott, Miss Edith-Lady of tho Reign of George IV. Lihou, Miss Amv-Catbei me of Arragon Elliott, J. It.-O'licer of the Distiict Grand Lodge of Free- masons, 11th Centn!) Lelgill. It. G.-'steward of tho District Graud Lodge of Free- masons, loth Centurs Ev ans, AV. W - Gentleman of tho year 1810 Ls an«. Airs VV. AV.-Young lady of the year 18.8 l.sA»., G. S.-Gentleman oí the year 1840 l.v an-, Mrs. G S.-Lady of the le-th Century Ellis, F. F.-Gentleman of tho 10th Century Eden, Grey-tar Peter AVaiburton (gentleman of Cheshiro in the lath Ccnturj Elliott. Mis.-Rovo'Lt Ladv F lllott, James-Hermit of Dunkeld Esans, Dr. O. F. b., Suigeon-Surgeon Royal Naval Artillery Volunteers Esaus, Mrs. 0.1\ S -Anno Bolejn 1 dvvaids, Mrs A. 1.-Bainster ' . Edwards, Aithur T - C irme-Uto monk Lvans, Miss-Ln.lish Milkmaid on a Holiday Trip Lvuns, S -Staif-ijuigcein Ssilncv Nasal Bngade (uniform) Evans, Mrs. Lvdin- Languish 1770 Esans, Mr.-Gontloinnn, period of James I. fischer, Mrs. Carl-Loyal Citizen's Wife in the time of the Commonwealth Fotheringham, Syd.-Ches aller of the Reign of Challes II. Fowler, J.-An Aiehei lorssth, Mrs.-CIti.en's AA'ifo of tho timo of the Common- wealth I'orsj th, Mr.-Courtior of tho time of Charles I. Forsyth, Alias-Young Lads of tho Court of Henry VHI. Fraser, Mi 6-Colleen Bawn 1 elton, Mr. - 1 lecmnn, W. C-Nasal Officer Reign of George III. 1 elton, Miss E.-Bridesmaid of tho Yeal 1810 Eoenandor, How land-A VV calths Tamil of North Ceylon, year 1840 Francis, H. J.-Cavalier of tho Reign of Charles I. 1 ruléis, Mrs. H J -Ladv of tho Reign of Queen Elizabeth I'letchei, David-Halboidier of tho time of the Common svealth Fletcher, -jun.-nalberdicr time of the Commonsvealth 1 elton, Miss-English Peasant Gill 1760 1 ianklin,Mr-Senator, Couch-ni-Gonta 1 rankun, Mrs.-Lads of Quality of tho Rolgn of Queen Eh_o~ be'h. Fsfe, Mr.-Esening Di ess Is fe, Mis.-Lsiming Dress 1 ox, Miss-Australia Fox, T.-Offlcei I'letchei, Alisa-Lndv Alary Carmichael l'nsbi, Air-Lids Grl/ol, after Gainsborough 1'oue.irt, Mrs.-Lad} Maj Beaton Vishc, Air - I'letchei, Mrs James-Duchess of Marlborough 1 lotcher, Iho lion. James 1 ranko, Mrs -Doctor o£ Medicine of tho 17th Century 1 ranks, II.-AVindsoi uniform . * l'oucirt, Dr- Cup anti Goss n of Medical Degree of the 12th Ccutuiy, Edinbuiitli 1 lanko, Mis.-Die A'orr.on Falconer, .Air-Highland Cnleftmn of the Clan Murray 1 uinoU,^libfccs (2)-Lads ot tho reign ot Maiy Queen of Scots: . and Walting Maul of the timo of George III. I arnell, Mr.-Knight ol' tho Roso Gioix and Princo of Memphis 1 anning, Mrs. AV. J.-Queen of tho May (ISth Century) losberj, Miss " 1'osbeij', Mi. Eosbery, Miss Ada I'Osberj.Miss Sadie I lotcher, Mi.-Queen Anne's Outrider Foti est, G. G.-A Gontloinnn of the Court of King George in. rietcher, Miss- Lads of the Court of Chullos li. Ilelther, Mis.-Selono 1 inks, Aliases-Visitais from Melbourne, Evening Dress rink, Mrs-A'isitor irom Muluourno, Ls euuig Dioss 1 allister, Caiitnm Flschoi, Carl, Nobleman Queen Elizabeth's rolgn ' £n?.'-íls Catt-Nobloss oman of Queen Elizabeth's reign tuillott, Mrs.-Mrs Lll/nboth Fry Gough, Vllss-Aoiingludj of the reign of Charles II. n0i'{írhi'.íll¿GAiJTí'oblcmi,n of tuo lciE» oi u<>nry VIII. , Galbraith, R. C-Viscount Bohngbroko Gibbs, John-Earl of Leicester Goold, Pierco-Es oiling dress of tho 17th Century Goold, Miss-Mario Stoat» " r Groy, R.-Sir Potar Teazle, I8th Century I Grey, Sirs.-Lady Teazle, 18th Century I Gi oavoB-Courtier of tho reign of Charles II. Greaves, Mrs.-Queen Mary i Giblin, R. 0.-A monk Gibson, Thomas-Old AA'indsor uniform Green, Mrs. J.-A Lady of the 16th Century. ! Grech, AV. H.-Grammar Sohool Cadet ! Green, Slis« M. C-hootch Lassie I Galbraith, AV. S.-Sydney Lancer Granan, Henry-Royal Arch degreo in Freemasouy i Grant, Sliss Uoia-N'anoy Lee Golding, Sirs. K. A.-Mary Carmichael Gregory. Thomas-House- Steward of the year HUÍ Gildor, SIlss Rosalind-Period 16th Century Gillespie, Sliss-ficotoh Fishwife Golding, E. A.-Military Attaché of the 19th Century Gibbs, T. AV.-Court costume of the reign of. George UL Goldring, Sli*s-Young Lady of tho 18th Century Goldring, E. A.-Military Attache of the 10th Century Gibbs, Sirs. T. AV.-AA'nttcau Shephordoss of tho timo of George III. Olllesplo, Sliss-Scotch Fishwlfo Ourney, Sirs.-Lady Slary Wortloy Montague Gurney, Pro/oisor-James Boswell Ournev, Misa-Lady of the time of Henry IV. Goodall, E.-P.nglish Squire Goodall, Sirs. E.-Flower Girl Griffin. Mr. (Consul of tho United 8tate»)-Evening Bress Gtirvan, 0. F.-.Alastor of Arts, Oxford , Garran, Sirs. J. P.-Lady of the 16th Century Green, Mls6-Evening Dress Green, Mrs.-Evening Dress Griffiths-Sirs. G. N.-As Sliss Reynolds 18th Century Griffiths, G. N.-Bachelor of Arts, Cambridge Gullett, Sir.-A Gentleman of the 19th Century Georgo, Mr.-Gentleman of tho 18th Century Gibson, Mrs, G.-Gipsy of tho 17th Century Gib-on, G.-Highwayman of the 17th Century Gray, Alexander-Gentleman of the reign of George HI. Gray, Slri. Alexander- Slalavan Princess, Singapore Grut, P. do Jersey-Costume of the time of 1849 Green, J.P.-Sir Peter Paul Rubons Green, Sirs. J. P.-A Lady of the 16th Century Grenfell, Mrs.-Court Lady of tho 17th Century Gannon, C. SI.-King Richard III. Garcia, A. M.-Cavalier of the reign of CharlcB II. Garcia, Sirs. A. M.-Noblo Lady of tho reign of Henry Yin. Coulston-Captain in tho reign of Georgo IV. Hardie, A.-Naval Midshipman, 1840 Hoiiklsson, Miss A.-Grace Darling Hay, Sir John-Early Nineteenth Century Hay, Miss-Die A'omon, English costume of the ISth Century Hughes, Miss-Costumo of the 17th Century Hill, SI.-King Rlch.il d I. as a Crusader Hughes, M.-Dolly Varden, 18th Century Hughes, Miss-Young Lady, (George III.) Hughes, Miss E.-Citizen's Wife, Cromwell's Time Hardie, Mrs. John-Mary, Queen of Scots Harrison, Mrs. C.-Mary, Queen of Scots Hughes, Georgo-Huntsman, 1850 Hudson, II. C-Gentleman, 16th Century Huskisson, Sliss-Daughter of the Regiment Hunt, Sirs. J.-Amy l.cbsarfc Hunt, Sliss-Peasant Girl 16lh Century Hunt, J.-Nobleman, reign King Henry VU. Hinnnclooh, Sliss-Court Lady Himmolocb, Sir.-Winiwr Uniform Hauls, It.-Earl o! Richmond Holborow, Sliss N_Our Grandmother Holborow, Sliss St.-Our Grandmother Hardio, Sliss-A Pack of Cards Hyndes, Harry-Naval Officer reign George IV. Hillier, J.-Spanish Muleteer Hoguo, Mrs. J. A.-English Lady, 19th Century) Hoguo, J. A.-Citizen of Sydnoy, 19th Century Hogg, SHbs-Mdllo. do In Court, 18th Century Holborow, Sliss-Queon Anne, 1702 Holborow, Slis,-SInry Quoen o' Scots, 1586 / Holborow, Daniel-Earl Fiuhardingo as Master of the Berk»« lev Hounds, 1847 JIart, Alderman Harwood, H. R.-Captain Cook Hawke?. Srrs.-Lady 10th Ccnfry Hud*»- li.-Gentleman reign 'Charles II, Ha' -ii iss C. G.-Court Liu* the 17th Century li.' iss B.-Innkeeper's DaL._ .er 18th Century IE m, II., jun-Gentleman loth Contury li ? ."Silas Mary-Housemaid reign Georgo HI. II; , Sirs.-Amy r.obsart *' H} de, SI r.-Gentleman of Windsor Hayes, Sliss-Regimental Daughter, 1845 Hayes, J_Student Cambridge University, 1849 Hopkins, Sir. Haidman, Sirs. R.-Lady Jane Groy Hardman, R.-Duke of Bedford Hughes, SIlss Emily-Lady in reign of William and Miry Hughes, Sliss Mary- Costumo reign of Henry Vii. ? Hughes, Walter-Peasant reign of Henry VU. Henderson, Miss-Slargai et Ankotoll Hill, J. AV.-Lieutenant Sid Regiment Volunteer Infantry; Harris, Sir.-Charles II. Hudson, H.-Garrick Hud«on, Sirs. II.-Lady 17th Century Henderson, A.-Jack Tar Hnrrls, Sirs. R.-Fisher Girl, 1840 Hodgson. Fred_Cavalior Charles I. Hughes, VA'.-Naval Officer Hughes, Sirs. AV.-Gentlowoman 18th Century Hanks, Mrs. J. G.-English Abbess, 10th Century Hunks, J. G.-Benedictino, 16th Century Hughes, C. O'Goiman, H.A.-Oxford Graduate Hordern, Sirs. S.-Peg WoiHngton, period of George lût . Hordorn-Pago to Duko of Marlborough. Hucnerbeln, C-Beau of 1S20 Hentsch, AA'alter IL-Naval Officer Hillian, A.-Sergcant-SIajor (V.l.) Hinton, Sir. ' 1 ! inton, Mrs. ? "Hart, Sliss-Girl Graduate Hearne, F.-Sir Peter Tca/.lo ' ' Ilasiall, Sir.-King Richard III. Hinchclifib, Mrs. T. C-English lady reign , ol Qu*e» Elizabeth " ^ <' Hinohcliffe, T. C-English Gentleman, 183S Hibbard, Mr.-American Citizen Hibbard, Sirs.-American Citizen Holdsworth. Sliss Mary-A'lllago Belle 17th Century Hcndorson.-Sliss-Jane Seymour (Queen of Henry Vm.) Henderson, E.-Court Jester of 16th Century "? Hunt, C. H. Hill, Fred.-AA"lnd«or Court dress, reign Georgo TH. Hill-Windsor Court dress, reign George III. Hughes, G. H.- Gontloman 19th Century Uní-per, H.-AVlndsor (evening dress), 18th Century Hi 1 uich, Sirs.-Highland Lass He eli, Charles-Slajor Royal norso Artillery (undrenj Haii..^-Alderman of the City of Sydney. ? '. Ickerson, A.-Darnley lekerson, E. F.-King Charles Second Jordan, Leopold-English Squire Jennings, Sliss-Young Lady, lbth Century Jennings, Lady-Evening Dress, 10th Century Jacobs, Sydney-Attache British Legation Jacobs, Sirs. Sydnoy-Ambulance Nurso Jones, Jlio» Katie-Tho Lass o' Richmond HUI, 1810 Johnstone, Sir». B.-Lady of 17th Century Johnstone, B.-Naval Officer, I7th Century Jordan-E.irl oí Peterborough Jackson, Mrs.-Slary, Queen of Scots Jackson, Sir.-AViilinm Shakespcaio Jenkvns, Cajit. B.-Siartin Truegold ; Elizabeth Joseph, SÜ6B-17th Century Jo-cph, Sirs. S. A.-Lady, 18th Century Jacobs, Geo Sidney-B.A., Cambridge, 1848 Jervois, Sirs. J. II.-Court La''y, Georgo II. Jervois, J. H.-Lieutenant \'. A. Jones, Sliss-Lad i- in AVoiting, Charles II. Jones/F.-Court Jester, Reign Henry IV. Johnson, Mrs. O. IL-Court Lady, Charles XL Johnson, G. II.-Nobleman, Georgo III. Johnson, G. J.-Courtier, Charles II. Jacobs, Sirs. A'icars-English Lady, 1780 Jacobs, A'icars-Barrister, 1850 .Jones, O. E. Russell-Nobleman of 16th Century Jones, Miss Russell-Court Lady of 17th Century Jones, T.-University Graduate Johnstone, L. A.-Brown Friar, 1200 Johnstone, Mrs.-L. A.-Couit Lady Johnstone, W. J.-English Gentleman, 1840 Jones, Trevor-Inigo Jones, architect Jones, Mrs. Trevor-D.imo Dorothy, 18th Century Johustoiio,"S.-Barrister " ' . Johnstone, Miss Augusta- Linly Jane Grey Junes. Trevor, junior-Sir AA'alter Raleigh Jennings, Sir. Jennings, Sirs.-Lady Jane Seymour Jamieson, SI. R.-l'isheitu.in, 16th Century Jamieson, Sirs. T. K.-Sirs. Balchristle Jamieson, Sirs.-Sínry Uncen of Scots Jamioson, Sir.-Sir Walter Raleigh Jones. Sirs. Ii. N,-Linly, Elizabeth's reign Jones, B. N.-Nobleman of 1518, reign of Henry H. ' Kippax, Alderman Kidman, Miss-Young Lady of 1777 Kidman, James-Ambassador, 1804, St. Thomas, West Indies Kent, Mrs. H. C-Mary Seton Kent, H. C.-Master of Arts King, Mrs. E. J.-Amy Robart Kidman, A.-King Charles 1. Kyngdon, Lieut. L. H.-N. S. AV. Artillery Kiss, G.-Geutlcman of the ? Court of Windsor, Reign ot GeoigoIA'. ' liku, Mrs. G.-Lady, Early Part of the 19th Century Kibs, J.-Gentleman (evening dress), 17tU Century ? Kiss, Miss-English bhophoidess, 1750 Ki-s, F.-English Huntsman, 18U0 Kcole, SIlss-Morning Star / Kotholl, Alexander-Scotch Lowland Laird, 1786 Kirkcaldie, Sir.-Gentleman, 1815 Kirkcaldie, Mr»_Lady Slary Carmichael Kippax, Peicy-Slun-o'-Wnrsman, H.M.S. Cyclop!, I8<0 Kothell, AViUium-Lancer Kethell, Sliss Amy-Lady Jane Groy Kethell, Mr., jun.-Mayor o' Lynn, 1S49 Kothell, Sliss-Flora Sl'acdonald Keatings, J. S.-Windsor costumo Keating, Mrs.-Lady of 15th Ceiitur y Keating, Sliss-White Queen " ' Keddie, R.-Gentleman reign of George TH. Kinloch, Sirs. Jno.-Lady of Scotch Court 1800 Kerr, Miss-Olivia Primrose Kippax, Sliss Llzzio-SInid-ln-Waiting of 1587 Kippax, Miss-Lady of the 16th Contury Latta, Miss-Lady of tho 16th Century Lowe, SIlss-Scotch Fishwife Lazarus, Lewis H.-AVlndsor Uniform Laing, W.-Highland Chieftain ' Laing, Sirs. AV_Lady, period George III. ' . Lucas, Sliss-Lady of Quality, Elizabeth's relga Lucas, N.-Corn-tier, Charles II. ' Lucas, Sliss-Young Lady, 1820 Leñaban, It. W.-Infantry Oflicor Lo«, Mrs. Leo, Miss-Canadian Indian Chieftain's Daughter and Hunt re«* Lee, Sliss L.-AVattetiu Shepherdess L-iycock, Sliss-Gipsy Livingstone, J. J.-Gentleman of the 19th Century Livingstone, Sirs. J. J.-Court Lady, Elizabeth's Reign j Livingstone, Miss- Flower-girl of tno prosont Contury Livingstone, SIlss Ada-AV'aitlng-maid to Lady Anne Lune, Sirs.-Olivia Primrose Lake, Miss-Lady poiiod George II. Loveridgo, Sliss Amy-a Pitritan Slnidon Logan, Arthur-Courtier, reign of Queen Elizabeth Llchtner, E.-English Gentleman I5th Century Levy, Sli;s-Portia Levy, Arthur-Hon. Artillery Company, London, 19th Century lune, Sirs-Lady of 17th Contury Lune, Mr.-Pago, reign of Charles I. Lindeman, Commander- Captain Commanding Naval Brigade Lindeman, Mrs.-Irish milkmaid Lorel;, AV.-Page, time George III. Ltimoton, R. S-Cadet Naval Brigade Lucas, William-Bassanio Lee, Miss-Flower girl Laxaras, n.-Evening dress, 1813 Lloyd, G. A.-Gentleman, 19th century Lazarus, Miss-Sophia Western, date 1749 Lovett, jim.-Gentleman, 18th century Lloyd, Henry-Master Walter Lovett, Miss-Quakeress Lovett, Mrs.-18th Century Lloyd, Mrs. Henry-Katherine,Wife of Henry VIII. Lloyd, Miss-LauyJiithsuahj . . . *? . .j ,j -l Easton. Mr-Ros T C Litchfield Layton, Otford, 1843 Larkin, Thoi us, Mas or of Campcrdoss n-Hamlet, Prince of Drnmaik Laclmnno, Mr - 1'nhncr, Richard rirst's reign Lacliannc, Mrs -Lads House of York Lewis, AlissL M Glpss,1740 Loss is, Oswald, jun -Cambridge AI__ , 1810 Mocks, Aldcimun Mountain A C Mountain, Mrs A C-Iudvinl7S0 Macmahon, 1 -Unlsei.ltj student Mossie, Mi -Ollloii) ot the Court Moule, Mis - Ale Alciiilics ( Gus Alannering") Mnisdcn, S -Casnhei period Charles II -s Mniscl.ii, Ah« S-Annie Page (' Merrv AV is ei of AVindsor") Maclean Air -tims el sit v Student M ci esvctbei, II -lester of the Llizabcthan 1 ra Maitland, Mis J 1) -Queen of the Ness Forest Gipsies, ICtb ¿cnturs Maitland, D Al -English Gentleman, 18th Century Mackenzie liarles-sVinelsoi Uniiorm M ushiill, 1 - svhip " iclgn George III Sloss, L L-OHIccrof the lion .nilli rv Compans, London Maclean Miss-Court Dmisel 17th Ccnturr Mo«», J II -A iscount B iliitgbrolie Mvers, Alurk-Al V Ostoid University 1S00 M veis, Aliss-Village Bride Minshull 1 - Ilcimtt nar 1700 Marshall, M s -Queen Cithcrine 1412 Mnishnll, sen Mrs -Aluiy Queen of Scots, 1557 Mcnnnan,J II -Cambridge Student, 1810 Men ¡man, Alisa-Quakeress GcoigetV Mountain, Alias-17th Century costume Mountain, Aliss C - Vs siting Maid, Charles II. Moulton, Miss-Rosalind Mitchell, II -Elizabethan Courtier. Mobo, Alts -Kith Centurs costumo Moss, Miss-School.ill, ÍS.2 Mann, I -OtHecr Mann Aliss-(lti/on'swife loth Centurr Montcfloio, E L-Benedictine monk Montefiore, Vliss-AV aitmg Viatel 18th Century Montefioto Aliss L -Girl (irnelutttc Morns, G II -\V indsor Coull dress Morris, Mrs G II -Mnry Queen ol Scots Marks, Misb Minnie-Old 1 nglisli Lady Measor, sir-lliiccaneci\ lilli Ccntuiv Mann MI6s Aland-Dame of 16th Century M'Roe, Aliss-Connemara Peasant M'Donald F - Bairlsttr of the 18th Century 51 Donald Airs 1 -Kate HardiKstk, M Million, AlilcniiKii M'Mulion, Air» Piitnok-lads of the 19th Century M Mahon, Dora-I lorenecNightingale M Hue, Gcoi gc-Sir AV alter Raleigh M'Cniths, J -Court Fool, 13th Century M Intosh-Puntan Manion M ¡»call, Mr- Charles II M Ncall, Mrs -A Lads m Reign of Queen Elizabeth M'Acall-a Lady of the loth Century M'Ncill, Miss Lilli-Lads Betty LofcsTe M'Leod, Hector-Captain Rosal Engineers M Leod, J -Scottish Highland Chieftain M'Leod, Mrs 7 -Helen M'Gregor M'Leod, Dr -Court lestor , M'lcod, Aliss-rish Ghi JM'Donugh-Kate Ilnidcastlo M Fmioc, Miss-Saiah Curran M'Qunde, Airs II-Squire s Daughter, 1800 M'Guirc, II J -Naval OIHcci Munn, Miss G -Queen Charlotte at Home Macarthur, Miss-Costume in 1318 Miers Mi.-Naval Officer 1810 Manning, AS m -Courtier Reign Queen Mary Manning, Mis Wm-Mrs Johu Evclsn, 17th Century Manning, Ead) Manning, Miss Manning, Miss Mnnnin"', Miss May-Priscilla, " Miles Standish" Maguire, Miss Al-Housemaid Mill, J J -rrancis Bacon Marshall, C -Robin Hood Marshall, Mrs Ç,-Duchess of Devonshire, 1800 Minter, Mr -froopei \ ictoriaii Cnvalrs Masses, J AV.-Alcrchnnt Ship's Purser Moncton, Al*-Clmilcs I Wninivnung, C. A.-Nobleman reign of Charles I.. ' »lullen, SA'. H.-Slonk Mullen, Mis. AV. IL-Lad) of 15th Century Moon, Consul-Genoral-Consul-Geneial of Op«** Ktflai Macintosh, J.-Slim-o'-AVnr's Man Macintosh, James-Karl of leicester Macintosh, SIlss-Couit Lad} reign of SV'.UAim and Sfàry Miieintosh, Sliss C -Punt m 17th Centu/r Morris, Sirs. L.-Flora Macdonald of li.Ui -Century Merrimnn, G.-Dress of 1850 Merriman, Slis. G -Katheiino Mcirlmnn, Sirs. \\\\\ J.-Dame Dorothy Miller, R -Crusader reign of Riehjinl I. Miller, Sirs. R.-Court Lady rolgu<of George III. Miller. Miss-Costume îeign of Qucon Elizabeth, , Milson, Sliss-Gamekeepei's Daughter Milson, Sliss N -Peasant Girl l-Stli Century Maddock, Mi.-British stuloi, 1850 Mnishall, Mr.-Costume leigu of Georgo ILLi Mulull» "- it...... - -. -- - - Snot," Mrs'-G "A" VT*^ ' &' y'-^OffiieVrer^o8?&* " ~" a OCo,'"r--atache Willum IY h Contury Ma! u,li>T<*-^h>h KrV 1V. £toÄ^Sr ,1.1,1800 MTi£ rIr-T/3?'ysU' '«". . M"> Townsend 1780 *iTr<?' ív,-üniyci>ttv .my Robsart Moore, Sliss-Shepb M'CreiüD, SíjíKs.- -ldcss ^',^eA\cj Maps .iticman, George IV. %9.ul&H;>^ "'li Jnnê Gr*y ihk"»V*1" A.-Costurao George III. ATi\?Cjit' .-Yeoman M Ujnal -Barrister mis1 - -Cour 0 Reign George III. b«ÍVt. d, Slis. A.-Irish peasant year 1818 J} ian, D. G.-Eail of Essex, in tho reign of Queen Eli/a jonnld, Miss L.-Costume 1773 Donald, Miss L.-Costume period of George III. .il'Clintock, Sir_Donnell a'B iu SI'Cosker, C.-Duke of Bl 0 lingham, reign of James I. M-Coskoi, Mrs. C.-BnlLh Caiitineci, reign of Challes II. M'Slurtne, Sir.-Highland Chieftain, Mackenzie Clan. M'Keiv, Miss-Powder and Patches. M'Elhone, A -Cavalier time of Charles I. M'Chntook, Mrs_Elizabeth AVoodiillo, Queen of Edward JV. M'Gregor, J.-Sir Walter Raleigh. M'Cluro, C-Costume time of Ueorgo III. Kelli, AV.-Windsor Uniform îscill, Sirs. W.-Court Lady Geoigo IA'. Neill, Jun.-Cavalier Reign of Charles II. Neill, Sliss-Lodi Jane Grey Kenall, C. J.-Greek Bov, 1750 Newall, Sirs. C. J.-Inerojable, 1798 iNnnn, AV. L.-Court Jester 1519 Nunn, Mrs.-Sliss Hardcastle 1773 Neale, A. G.-Past-Master Mason .? Neale, Miss Rose-Juliet Nelson, A. C -Post-SIastcr Mason E. C. 14th Century Nelson, Mrs. A. C-Lady of 14th Centuiy Nicoll, B. B -Benedictine Monk of 17th Century Nicoll, Sirs. B. B.-Court Lad) Reign of Charles II. Norris, Miss R., nee AV elis-Daughter of the Regiment Nathan, A. AV.-Mcmbor of the Biillingden Club, Ovford Nathan, Sliss G.-Lad' of 16th Centuiy Norris, It. A.-Evening Di ess of 1S45. Norris, Sirs. R. A.-One of the Queen's Maries Newton, P. E.-Queen's CouiibbI Reign of George IA*. Ovenden, Mrs.—Noble lady, Henry VIII reign Orams, Sir.-Gentleman of Plymouth reign of Charles II. Orains, Sirs.-Priscilla O'Connor, D.-Barrister-nt-law O'Connor, Sirs. D.-Court Lady, reign of Queen Mary O'Connor. Sirs. E.-Glpsv O'Brien, L.-Citizen, reign of Charles I. O'Brien, Sliss S -Slarle Stuait O'Sullnnn, E. A\'.-John Hampden O'sullivan, Sirs E. AV.-Lady of the 18th Century Olhlf, A. S. 1'., Clerk of Parliament, 1e gn of Queen Elizaboth Olliffe, Sir. Ogtli j, J. L.-Lord Slontroso Ogili j', Mrs. J. L.-Lnd> Montrose Olliffe, C. A-Reginald Power Olliffe, J. B.-Queen's Counsel of the 18th Century , Olliffe, Miss-Puritan Maid of the 18th Century Olliifc, Sliss E.-Tho Colleen Bawn Ogilby, L.-His Great Grandfather Penny, Sir.-Gentleman of 15th Century Penny, Sirs.-Mistress Anne Page 15th Century Paling, Mr.-British Attache at Com t of Holland 1835 Pin} fa r, Sliss-Peasant of the 17th Century Pla) fair, Alderman Poole, Alderman Poole, Sliss-Lady of 14th Century . Piggott, AA*. II .junior-Ban i8tor-at-law Playfair, Edmund-Huntsman Pitt. SIlss-English peasant 1832 * Poole, Sirs. James-Mary Stuart Palmer, IL-Eduaid Fenton Paton, Sir -British tar Toole, Jomes, jun.-Larl of Leicester Poole, Miss Alice-Puritan maiden Poolo, Sliss L.-Lily of Killarnei Poole, Joseph-Gentleman 10th Century Paine, Sirs. James-Lady Reign Charles II. Paine, Sir. James-Gentleman Reign George II. Paling, Sirs.-18th Century Patterson, Sirs. C.-Sirs. Primrose, Paterson, Miss 51017-Olivia Piluiroio PnlmerT Miss Slary-Charity Girl 1830 Palmer, C. SI_Hermit Furkes, Sliss-Lad) 15th Century Parkes, Sliss Lil)-Lady Chin les" II. Parkos, Sir Henry-Execntii 0 Council Uniform Poole, Sirs.-Lady 13th Century Poolo, Sir.-Irish Gamekeeper Plummer J.-Captain John Slaunsoll Pearce, Sliss, M.A.-Kittle Clive Plummer, Sirs. J.-Lady Throekmortnn Parker, Mrs. Horatio-Archery Costume Punes, J.-Lieutenant Lancers rcniobo, Slajor Preston, T.-Cavalier Charles II. Preston, Sirs.-Lady Puiifax Taj ne. Sliss Anne-Schoolgirl, 19th Century Palmer, E.-Charles Surface Punes, Sirs. J.-Eleanor of Castillo Piokburn, Sirs.-Peg Wofllngton Plckburn, Dr.-Challes Surface , Pemcll, Sir.-AVlndsor Uniform Pcmell, Sirs.-SIar) Stuart Poole), Miss-Man Beaton Pla) lair, T.-Gentleman of tho 18th Century Paul, Sir.-Russian Officer Ta)ne, Sirs. C. B.-Lad) of Tank, 10th Century Pi eudei gast, Sirs, li.-Beet Luicr Phillips, G. Pox, Chnrles James Phillips, Sliss AA inlfred-Eleanor Plantagenet Phillips. C-Geoilrey Plantagenet Phillips, Shs. U -SIistreBs Dorothy Prendergast, R.-Ladv 15th Ceutury Til) ne, C B.-Hennit Trice, T. Pritchard, W. H.-Gentleman George III. Palmor, J. R.-Stonard. Robinson, Sliss-Just 100 years ago Poudré Russell, F.—17th Royal Lancers of England, Death or Glory uniform "Kiley, P. T.-Evening di ess Roberts, Miss-Red Roso of Lancaster (lath Centuiy) Roberts, SIlss-English shepbordess Roberts, Mrs. C. J -Qutiktiess ItobertB, C. J., SI P.-Queen's levee costurao Iloberts, J. A.-Chnrles li. lloberts, Sirs. J. A.-Catlienno of Arragon Roberts, SIlss Slinnnle-AVhito Rose of York Buhares H. O-Princo Rupert \- .- r _, '-? '? Riley Aliss Klhîs A^chr-jnnn Richards, Mrs G J" - Midshipman 50 ) cars ago ?Richards It VA -I ail of lembroko llilov" V li - Gentle! ? iti1850 Rowe Iieiiteniint-Ce loncl Reed MibS Rowe Mi's Blanc _c Duchos« of Bavaria Rowe Ali s U -Si eisv Re we Ali.s- .nn ¡> G Irland Wall ing Costume Rlcs, Mis p I -Alune stunt Read VV V - V ousclnld I nifoim AVlnelsor Reid Alis VV s -lads ISth Cuiturs Reid Aliss Al ,hel-Alnul Mallan Handle Air- Roi in Ho id I olfc Miss Olivia I'rlnuose Revnolds A,V s-Colons of Victoria Robertsun '[ - Isnit,ht limpiar Robertson Aliss-VV bite Rose llobut oil Vis 1 -Queen Al srtnrot lllthintan Ali« -Old Si ml of I ce Bittcnb- rg Al . li -1 itile Nell Rlttenberg Ali I!.-Hoi Grandfather II is mond n -Shaws n the ! o t 11 misav T S -llntlsh fir Vi illiam IA Ris ci s H G-Alunir ici Alidde Vc.t Ramstis Airs T s - AI ntl of Taunton. Il is mond Alis n - lollccn Bassm Reed Aliss-lads Bcfs Rossnll Atlas-Aliss lluidcastle Rosolis VIiss 1 dith-liuhsli 1 o_sRnt-7_.Ii Certmy. Rosolis I J -Dick Pun ¡n Ht Kling Ali -Su lohn Icn_to.li Rending Airs -Anis HobcA\\* Res nolils AV -spoi tsm n. litth Century Rodgeis Mis-AlissH n âsistlc Rodgers Air Undress 1 pxeil I nginccr» lïllsfeldt Mi ches aller <. luirles 11 Roberts P -Ceiitlem i r, _£ sv estmlnster Ras mond Colone 1-St n -r Unifot m Rolleston 1 -llighl r,|_ Rio lohn-Undei s .i San for Works 19th Century Rcnvvtek Sir jun-d soa ng Drew. 1811 Rpiivviclt Air. 1 - Va<st iihim Ij» y 1845 Russell, Mrs. G. N.—Quakeress Ho entlud Aliss _ Aliss Hu de isilo Russell, G. N.—Gentleman 1790 Rooke 1 C,-Contle m n G«ir"i III Rooke sjrt.r C-lit hsh Ctpsi Queen Robci'tst-n C -II AH <i Cveloiw 1110 Robe" M<s. SV CN-I ads ir h Cnitiitv Robel-AV C -"sjnlcrt Boj 11th Century Heed 1 rank I Rowley Captain-Undress AS tiuleor TJn Smii Siinnson, lion G Bs-l-dinhuiyh AI Ü i S mp on Airs -I nely 1 Ith Comurs <j milson G n-Old AV nuls« i Uniform Stole 1 -Contiei l"th Ociifutv simlloi Alt V C- Ssdncv Ho pitnl-sursis Slr.ikei | AH A -Olivia V ritmo o St ukes V C -Centlemim 1 01 Sttikev I-llenn t Stall cs Aliss-1 mitnn Alniilen Sivmonr Air-Stew-hy Smith It -High« is ir nn 1 Ith Oentui r Smith Airs- Lidv lPtli Contins shailler V C -Cni» lin in Br ti h N _rv 1RTO _, Smith Aliss V-AU sHnidcistle( she Stoops to Conqner ) Shinno P 1-IIv hssnvman lint ni GunfeO IA Suds T li - Conlan m l^-O Smith Aliss M v ¡.it«- 1 olbw ti re (irnnV 18th Century snnels V I -t cntlcmaii of seir lion Sinels Airs -Ui.hsh Cottngei s Wife Scott G -Robin li od Salomon Alis L - I nely Pn«t Century Silomon Ali I -AV in isor L/nlform Shadlci Mrs -Vu ti iln Sieveis E-Pa(.t> Chatios I Sinltb VV -Land Lcacuer smith Mrs VV -Ambulance Nurse sh idler Air-Contleman j'lth Century Samuel P 1 --ustrillati laonect Samuel Airs P 1 -Lids Reign Queen-Annc Sessell Roheit- Old AV mIsoi Unff -m |s"';tfrfc»'hA''"' -»_^&&,«Ms, --- Sim toni Alf _rv...-í. .vl loltí ' cntiirv -tevCV0s,<L.^7dC-!NX)^Mèh,abCth SUuratt C C-sV (,c Schoolmistress ) tau Skirratt Atlssy 'ktsioaro St. Clni w\ nntc-1 lullsh Art Sims M,s, -Undress VV mclso Uiilfon n Saundù" -Deaf Old AI del ot 1 eo Sam" < Mrs C-George III Sol- rs C -Son of I ti^ltsli 1 irmer F vaizlack Di-hlmktsj care oke Miss-shepherdess l.th C nt a-y Stolcs Mr C 1 -Co ut I ids 1 1 f,rnTr Sess ard AV A - Aberdeen I ishcni .,, i 19 binith 1 R AI I V -1 m-lish N Me 1370 ?smith Ali s-1 ngli h She] herd ¡ i(o0 Scriicnci Air. - Gipss lirlnnr teller Solomon Air« John-Indi Ho d11(] Solomon Mr John-Irish lea ,¡_nt loth Century Stolsle Al Rinelskopf \ -Robin Hood Sael s 1 F -lliehard Cm de I ion Sihl Air -Lnifonn ns Gc ji m Consul Smart Air J -Star Cli /Ritac Stewart D lim -Atonk t Stintton C 1 Connie! Charles II Smart 1 -C iptaln Bite K s A. com mry Squiic Alis-Nesvlns cn -lshsscfo s pi íes Air- Bnccii ccr Smith S S-Cas iii n Chprles li slum Ali -Lm,lisl Sqmio ]Kth Ccntury Sliavv Airs -1 nUisli Darno ISth Century Shasv Aliss R - Court Ladv CcoigcIH Smith S -Al P Climie li Smith Ali s N -Aliss Hairteastlo Smith Mrs - C ithtrme of Vi in, n S nilli Alis I I-Laelv 10th Century Smith I T Schinolhtschccl Felii;-P ige Ceorgo IA' Sclfc \ -Norm 111 fitts.dot Seife Alis A -I nclish 111 Iv 1S"0 Sp lining Aliss-Sv is 11 is mt Girl S[ nldini. Col -C Al G Uniform Spalding Alis -Southern Ct irs Saimelcis Alis-ladv lane Gres Stundet s R belt-Ain k Al ster Mason Smith C 1 D -1 îftv A c 1rs \ho Sadler, Al 1.8-Allis Robs 111 Sadler Air -AV nielsen umf rm bulloi II AV -Baohcloi is 0 Sullei Alis II AV -1 ds 1Mb Century Stone Aliss-Com t I-nils time of Challes 1 Shew m Dr -Gciitloniin lath Centurv Scott Lewis-Jester time ot Henrj A III Smith F O -Portuguese Consul Salomons J L -Queen s Counsel Silomoii« Airs-lah 18th Century f Salomons Aliss-1 nscilli Sldcv It VA -NivilOfllecr S dev Airs R VA -Cil sv See Airs J - Lndv ISth Century Sec John-Gentleman 1 Hit Century Souboivrnn Aliss-I ids time of Hour) A Sullivan 1 II -Nivllltis Show on Air» - La lv 1 carie Sh inalmn Airs- I ri h |e»sant pi esent century Sohrieber Airs -Alice 1 isle Samuel I L -Member of tho Honourable Vrtillerj Company, London Rimuel Airs I -Olivia Primrose Sanu o' Air L -Gentlcmun IV0 Schloss- V B Shard C -AVindsor m lorm Shipvvas Air-(a/ctte Solon on II - Forrester 13th Century 1 inker Airs -1 nels of the Co irt J unes I rribccl lorn-Unlversits Gi iel late J ai trott-Doctoi Convocition 1S30 Ihornton F -Lton Boj ÎS'O J hornlos Aliss-Young La lv of the ISth Centurv Thonilei Alis-lads Jane utos Thornley Ali - Gentleman of 1830 las lor Aliss I -Al iii! of Honour Charles I lindale AV alter-Robin Hood Tidswell Airs -I ads of the Court Charles II Iidswcll Ali I rank-Student thornton G AV -Lord Jltirlcii.li (Elizabeth) Thornton Alis G -Catherine How rd lliompson Aliss-Hie Inoiov ible 1(01 leece Alis R - I lilian Rookh leece Air R-Crusader Tislor T AA -Gentleman in Ro!c.n Charles II j-ollciiiaehc-Lomb rilo Costumo 11th Century Tait Quong-Al asan clio lodmaii-Couit Gentleman Charles II 1 oilman Airs-Court Laelj 1 th Century Thompson R A Thrcliill Pioft sor-Knight Court of Queen Philipps Tot ui(, lil Cas alíese- Ancient G AI Al ionic Tonkin AV J K -Centlcm 11110th Century T inn?. C L -Court Dress 1 00 lange H P-Outrider (Queen Anne) J uckcr Dr -Knight At lita and Red Crosj las lor Aleleimin las lor Airs John A illcntine Aliss-t host of the last AS itch binned in England Vernon AV L - Limiten mt »s dncy L meets A os cf) Mrs AV hito Aliss Ada-A UlagcAlald of 10th Century AValker Air C V -V (.entlcmin of 10 veirs igo AAoodwnrd Ailss-Daughter of the Regiment 18th Century AA nlktr Air F -Counsel lo irned in the Law 1850 Wither,» Afrs Gcçrge-Evening Dross AVUUnsop Lieutenant-"nd Regiment N S AV A I, Universits Sti dent AAebb Al!ss_AIi)guojltp AS ¡Hunns Aliss Ad 1-Gipsy AAilliains Aliss 1 thol-Harvest Queen . AA illiams li -Banister at-Law 1800 AV iddon-Sii AV aller Ralelch AAcstcott Mis - ladv of 18th Conturs AV orrall Dr -Gentleman ttmo of Charles II AA ill insoii G -Alonk AA nine II 1 -Robin Hood Wilshire James-Al is or of Sydney 1843 AAtse H-Dr 1 limrosc (AAal ctteld) AA isc Airs v Olivia Primio^e (AA iltciield) AAilson Captua-Ciptun lorpo lo Corps AA noel J It -C iurt Contient m lltign of George III AViHiunson I - Qcnlluniin of rank 1 li Century AAUhamspn Alls I - Ulis of rqnl OhuloslI AVest Eelward- Uiulre sLnglneci Corps AAood Aliss-AVelsh Gil) HoltUj Dross AVood Air -Irish squnt l8 li Centtny AV ood Airs Harrie-A Friend 1840 AAatt Aliss Floitnce-Powdei and I'atehts AAutt AV II- VGintlominin 1 93 AV hooltr lohn-A Gtntlom in Reign of Charles TI Wheeler Alis J -A 1 untan Lady AV indes er Alisí-AIi«t ess Hutchinson AAebb F VA -Spoi t m in 15th Century AV ilsh lohn-Joel es l8 0 AVndswoith-Nistil OIHccr AA adsvvorth Mi s -Pi incess Aletternlck AA illiamson Ibos -Bachelor of Vi ts ?W I'llamson Mrs 1 -Lady of Court 1547 * AAiytoltaln, J II -Bnntliorno A\ mngluun Alts -hate Groenassny AViiJlls Mjçs-_rPl)viaPiiinioso AV ai for, Miss-C it« If udcash nenrv A III AVIlli nu» 1 S - Llenlepnnt V V AA ill Inson Di - Ocntleman 1800 AA ilklnson, Miss-Aliss Hal dp islip vs illimson Airs -Lady J ino Grey VA.Hjnson Miss L -Child 18th Century AVilkinspn T B -Gentleman 1800 .Wilkinson B AV - Gcntlcmun 1813 Webber Miss-Enerllsh D liri maid 184j AV el her Mrs -Farmer's AA |fp 1805 AA ebbcr Air -AA nggonoi 1800 AVebbcr Ar.Jinr- Limerick Boy 1840 AA bitten, Airs -I ads of the 19th Centurv AA bitten Air -Gontlom in of the 10th Ccntiry M itkllis R G - Geptlcmap Coot go III AV atkins, Airs R G -Bnc a Biac AA ad«s\ orlh VA right-Gtntltmnu Henry ATO AV adssvortli, Mrs VA right-Ladj loth Cei\t#ry .fVyatt.Mr S-Walter Ilalclgh SA)att Sliss-Lady Man Cvrmlchncl Aliutt Sliss 1 -Indi lauoCiici SA ills Ceoie.c-Kilgin 15th Centuri A\ ilson Miss Glen- Mis Hendisho (Cromwoll) SA lu« ii, Alls»-I idi miiCentui) AAalker Air C -Gentleman 19th Century AWlls Ciloml-Uiufoiin AAtide Alisal -Alun Urllciidon George III AAilei A\ -Robin IU oil AAihi Alis \\\ -Clluin s Wife (Cromwell) SA loibouse It Al -Consul II 1 Al the shah AAood Air linne-Gintliniin 1 )th Cuitury A\n"ht It C- Gentleman lilli Centuii SA lute Walter 1) -( cntlcinan 19th Century AAood U A\ -Student \bW S\tiiigh Mis I -Duelu«sot Buckingham Charles II A\aue,h, I - Ofllrei Ciimiiloiiiieiillh A\ llshiic Sliss Ile itiIce-Waiting Slaid 18th Contur) S\ ilt.hu c, 1 mest- Oxfoid Gratnate Altísimo Miss 1 dlth-Indi 13th Century SA ilsluto lohn Al -A\ indoor Uniform AAulder AIiss-Gul of 10th Century AAcbb Alis 1 -ladi 1800 AAells A G - Nobleman George I SAiirieii Alis \\\ II - Qunkeiess Alanen Alis- Alis Biilchristie AAoolcotf Piofessor-\ Cm aller SAonlcott, C 11-ToMiiCleik SAithois Alileniiiiu M ¡then. I W AAitbcis Alis I \\\ Al mt lion 1 H Sonnt 1 -Dal c of Bedford Yutas Mrs I -Indi lune Grey Yates, L -AAmdsor Unlfonu 