PICTURES IN CHURCHES. A SEOULAR CHURCOI. The Theatre Royal on Sunday night may be very properly describod as a secu lor church. The performance there is the servico which the secular body, the seculiar organisation of Sydney, puts before people no a substituto for the ceremonies of the churches. Their precentor or deacon sits upon the platform and gives out, not the hymns, but the'musical selections. Their officiating functionary gives notice of the arrangements for the ensuing week, and last their preacher conmes on and gives the sermon. The sermon loio hltherto been looked to as tihe backbone of the matter, and in the days when Charles Bright and Gerald Mlassey, and even poor unfortunate Tyormaun preached, thle sermon was at least strong stuff, good common scnse, straight talk from man to ntan. But now-well knows are these times so long ago ? Is tio secular church already in.its decadonce ? Let 0s see. The doors are open before seven and the people are passing into fhe stalls in a steady stream, a few are loitering up the steps to the circle, and the dirty boys are busyand noisy selling a secular journal. The place does not seom half co respectable as on a week night. How is it within? 'A fair houseo Yes. The stalls are full and there are a hundred anud fifty perihaps in thlo circle, and theyare enjoying the music. The musite is very good, IMr. ivers Allpress makinghis violin speakpleasant things with a masterful tone, anud Mr. 'IT'. H. Roinford singing as well as ho usuallysings. Ph rough this part of the proceedings there is a mans on the platforms the oman spoken of as the secular deacon, or precentor, a onea who wants teaching; who does not know hows to walk or. to talk, who siuffles out his worlds, aied shuffles about his feeoot, and happily shuffles himself off at eight with the announcement that Mr. Selby will take . the chair for the . reat of 'the evening. M?r. Selby comes in, and a moment after a woman, in white appears. The gentle man is in black. Tbo'woman in white takes a scat at the table; the gentleman advances to the footlights, and proceeds to speak about some week-old deliverance of Cardinal Moran. 'The Cardinal ihas been speaking, and lhas cribbed some of "our authotities." "Our arithori ties " are understood to be Draper and 'Galilco, oGiordano Bruno and Scivannrola. You would judge from the tune of the speaker that thle Secusslar Asso ciation had some exclusive right in those authorities, and you cannot help thinkiug what wouldthey, the old saints of science, of true religion, of noble freedom, have thought of such proprietorslhip? Would not Savanarola have desired that his very memory, like hIsis body, might' have been consuned in the fire had he. thought he should over lhave fallen into the' lInds of people' who would satirise the Virgin Mary for profit's sake? But to our' pictufres. The gontlooman, rebukes the Cardinal for this cribbing work witl vigour, but'not in particularly gtood English. Hie hasn't the trock of easy riding over difficult places. ' The better ihe bothers him, though generally lie clear it with an effort. He fills ten minutes himself, and introduoces the lady. It is a very tall lady with a very long train, fair, enough to see, grace ful in carriage, and, here for courtesy's sake, we had rather halt.. For it is utterly impossible to speak 'with any show of compliment or appreciation of the matter oer the manner of her dtscourse. It may have been afault of the ear, but it seemed that the lady had a harsh and unpleasant accent, and a little diflliculty with plain words at times, which indicated a very linsited culture. It may hlavebeen a fault of-the eye, but it seemed also that the lady looked- for applause, waited for effect, ranged round the house wifith lher eyes in a calculating style, and, moreover, though it may be in error or owing to an old-fashioned view of some things, it certainly did 'appear to us that some phrases and innuendos of the peculiar discourse were such as should not have passed a lady's lips. These things may, of course appear differently to the "ad vanced" people of the Secular Society. We see, and though of course it may be quite wrong and altogether absurd, we can't help continuing to see, in the sub ject of flthat lecture,an objectof veneration to a good many millions of people in the world, a good many thousands in this city ; to the lady lecturer it wase an object for small satire and equivocal jest. Tihe" lady spoke very fast indeed, and though, of course, there is again the possi bility of being mistaken, seemed to speak as one who did not quite catch the full meaning of all her own words. The jests and inuendoes she understood, of course, but many great names were tattled oat with somewhat of a vacant look, swhichl one might expect to darken to utter dis Smay should a critic break thoe fthread of the harangue with ? " wait a moment please; may I crave a little more light just there." Poor woman ! How muchl better would it be for her to be werapt up in the cares of a household instead of babbling away on the verge of ftohe great wonderland, about which lshe knows no more than the poor superstitious creature praying to the poor painted doll which last night was so ruthlessly mangled. :. It would be better to forget the whole matter, to leave ;the picture unpainted, but for the "auspices of the Secular Association," so prominent throughout. We oave to remember that a body of men, assumed to be fairly intelligent, claiming, indeed, a superior share of unfettered in telligence, put this lady forward as in some sense the result, as the exponent of their views. We are to look upon Miss Tessy Chapman as a representative woman of the cult of advanced secularism; we are to regard her words as fairly exemplary of ftle teaching and counsel which pro fessional secularism has to give fto us. If we are to become good secularists wemust rise to tle height from which it will be possible to regard such a teacher ,a Miss Chapman with intellectual respect. Alas! that height is very far away, very dim, and beyond an absolutely impassable gulf. If professional secularism cao give us nothing better than this, and if it be impossible to go occasionally up to the mountains or down to the sea to worship we should desire, to see the church bstld ing go on, to know tlat the old shrines were not to be hastily swept away. "Fer, oot of truto's intorior ephere, T£hoesoswoders rsos Oo oopper sir; , And ,ot sre clndly f~os thoeso plaes \-- Adtoptedtfseootnto hee race. \--- AsO emstctd thoem sot eqsotaloo'?e, Witk Asodes snd soith Ararat." \- It would not be correct to write just in the same strain of the Secular Assoeiation of New South Wales, as judged by its 'lady 'lecturer. May we offer them one more quotation, thoegh 'tis probably tleir own (Mr. Emerson is sometimes rockoned with "our authorities.") It is tlisi: Tts sted otutO se thoprsopet spokes " Was sel so, bbtles shtih subroem sk -Tfle scordtoy seers or oikylos tol4 as groves so soa or fases of gtohl,.- - Ctosts fo s ue the wosrnls ret out h 010Stiowispers to tthsewiltise soled. \- n atosecoot afth CHoslyOhot.' tl -The koedless woerld htohft tnaer tool. . , iut; floe staunclo seoular~iet leeks downa eppo Sos doubtless wiflo sooprems ;con. 'tempt, for be wileo weodd ook oabeut the Holy Ghost at tlus time of day must be in -outer darkneos indeed. - 