Table U\\. |l wrote in thoso columns that Bishop Mooro- | futd make a porfcot Bishop of Manchester, it |ut tho faintest iclon that tho dignity would be ,| him. "Thane thou art of Glamis, and of « Ins tho Witches say to Macbeth, I will be 'j i secret that Mi's. Moorehouse is one of' those | |o mould their husbands, spurring them on to n [fleeting opportunity, Such wives were Mrs, j Lady Peel, and Lady Palmorston. Such, againt j [wives of Lord Salisbury, Lord Randolph' and Jules Ferry, "A severe critic, but a; fife," wrote Dizzy in " Sybil " of Mrs. Disraeli, i * ' ' \ * .. : .y [ % Hi's nbout Bishop Moorhouse crowd upon me, i ,■ begin to realise how I love tho man.. Oome,; Jovor had his like in the country ? Shall we! 1 his like again ? Never I j l , , . . ; ■■ ■ I * *. • •• ! il'erry left things in a decayed state. Anyone!, link wo were some rusty, fusty, old English! almost village, Bishop Moorhouse oame like!; j of fresh cold water J nay, as a torrent. IIe; Inn end to the dominion of Rip Van Winkle. ! !w he drove ahead that. Cathedral, soheme.: It j ]; doing. The millionaires were made.to aweat i It came in alots by the thousand. . Glarkej Inul led the way, and the soul of Money Miller] ped. , 1 , ■ <" ; * * * ' ' | J lite and vigor Bishop Moorhouse has infused Ifeliout the veins of the churoh 1 Wherever he, feiieet is electric and magnetic. " Reality is thej pg i 1 have always sought reality." . Such was; j of a great man, and it is Bishop Moorehouso's; ik ' • \ * * J shown that after all nothing stirs the human.; s religion. It is' truly marvellous how all his jd lectures have Been" crowded, to a large ex-, Ibusineas men. Lawyers', merchants, bankers, |emon, rushed away from their desks to' hear, |p discourse on abstruse theological problems. 1 . * f * |n as the explanation? This: His genuineness. L under the spell of his eloquence, that they H treat the awful realities of the other world as 'n which they were mere spectators, and The Bishop's lectures on the Messlanio Prophocios, tho Oity of Corinth, and tho G alfttlnn Lapse, all had vividly to do with what .Oarlyle terms the Here and the Now. . * # SxJOH an odifloo as 'St, Parvl's was found, too small. Tho Bishop had to raovo to tho Town Hall, and that was thronged too. Truly it will be an anxious taslc to piok his successor, for Bishop Moorliouso placed himself at the head of all denominations, savo the Roman Oatholio, by the foroo of his intelleotual vigor. * # * And I think wo may add that the Catholics regarded him as a coadjutor to their own beloved Archbishop. Now, here are two eminent men of an entirely different: stamp. It is all tho individual with Bishop Moore-! house, and nothing of tho individual with Arohbishop i Goold, Tho power of tho Arohbishop is the iron hand in the velvet glove. * # Bishop Mooiiehouse is young onough to be the son of Dean Macartney. I see no reason why there should not be ton years of solid work in him, Manchester, a1' consolidated district, will be nothing like so trying as the vast area of Victoria, As for the intelleotual strain, 'why, Bishop Moorehouso will only rovql in it. His neighbour, Bishop Ryle, of Liverpool, is a very Low Church man, a thorough ovangolioal. I . Befobe he aame here, Bishop Moorehoiise was best I known as a preacher, but now he has added the highest I credit as an administrator. He has frequently preaohed before Her Majesty the Queen, with whom he was a l favorite, like Oanon Klngsley. Perhaps there may have been a Boyal whisper of suggestion to Lord Salisbury' about the Bishop of Manohostor languishing in distant 'Australia, I ; 'f v . ' # " ' • • * * It is a wonder the Deanery of "Westminster was not offered to Bishop Moorehouso after Dean Stanley's death,j for Oanon Bradley had no fame. They say that Bishop Barry, then Oanon, was bitterly disappointed at not being Dean Stanley's suooessor, and this drove him to i Australia. Thebe must be something that dwarfed the man in the functions of a Yiotorian clergyman, or how is it wo cannot discover a Bishop in our own ranks ? Or, must wo conalude that miserable potty jealousy provonts any ecclesiastic from being elevated above his fellows ? I almost worship our departing Bishop, and yet I cannot see why we should be compelled to import bishops; Nearly three years elapsed between Bishop Perry's resignation and Bishop Moorehouse's appointment; This was largely responsible for diooesan stagnation; Is the same undesirable interregnum to occur again 7 j A biullian'-T Idoa I Let us oflPor the Melbourne Btshoprlo to Arohdoaoon Farrar. Here la the vory man. Tho more I think over it the bettor I like It. * * # Bishop Mooeejiouse will-be " roasted " over his un fortunate declaration that ho would never take another blshoprlo, Young Judge Molesworth elicited this from him In the CJhuroh Assembly, * * # . ' Talleyrand says that " words are gi ven us to con ooal thoughts," John Stuart Mill says, " that words are the counters of wise men, but the money of fools." # * * Some years ago there was an extraordinary outory about a Prophet that appeared In the vicinity of Mel bourne, just on tho fringe of the bush. Ho oomblned Christianity, Mormonism, Mesmerism and Freemasonry, You will doubtless remember the thing, His practical Polygamy was the chief indictment. * * * Well, last Sunday, J made an excursion in tho dis trict whore this Prophet resides. I was surprised to find him flourishing as evor, and carrying on the same business. Indeed, tho peoplo of Lilydale and Dande nong know all about him. HE has a very large family, aa you might expect. Ho was a candidate for a Shiro Oounoil twelvemontha ago, but did not get elected. A friend of mine, who visits him, informa mo that the Prophet ia " well in," aa the phraae ia, He holda a grand ball on Saturday nighta, followed by devotions. This ia novel. * ■ One of the practices of the seot ia called " Hunting the old Devil." They all turn out by moonlight, men and women, and imagine they are chasing Old Nick round the paddock.' The game ienda by immuring him in a big hollow stump, where he ia burnt up, horns and hoofs, tail and all. Don't laugh. I am told it aa a aober faot. » # • , A MONTH or two ago a malicious information was given to the police that ho sold liquor at his balls. The police made a descent on his house, ransacked it thoroughly, and failed to find a trace of alcohol-. Indeed, the Prophet ia a strict teetotaller, and enthusi astically preaches it. # . # AlEOW me to congratulate Judge Ohomley, although I don't know where we will obtain such another Grown Prosecutor, for Mr. Chomleyiis the perfection of fairness, thoroughly dispassionate. Formerly there usod to bo eomplainta about the* bitterness of Travel's Adamson, as Grown Proaooutor, Ho almost approached tho vln dlotlvo, In tho oonHolontloua discharge of tlila public duty, Then wo bad Dunne and O'Loglilon, both ablo and light on tho prlaonora, It ia aomowhat of a gvlovanoo with mo that Mr. Wobb, Q.O., haa novor boon mado a Supremo Court Judgo. I aoo ho turna hia attention to a aoat in Par liament, Of oourao, lio will booomo an Attorney General if ho gota In, /■ fflyipiiYONM ia asking " How dooa Mr. Korford look ,in ,a -full-bottomed wig;l"; "'Of oourao, wo are all recon ciled to . tho appolntmont by this timo, As hia Honor, in hia Trial by Jury, sings " I'm a, Judgo, and a good Judgo too." This Roy. Dr. (?) .'Danno, who haa boon praotlslng as a medical man, was warnod on tho :point a your or two ag6i.'"'01orgymen ought to bo vory oaroful .how thoy prosumo on thoir power ovor woak-mindod poraons, oapoolally ladloa. Whon a olorgyman takes fooa for hia medical hdvloo, no wonder tho modioal profoaaion is up in nrms, . BbadJjAUGH la sworn In at last, and it simply olaps an extinguisher on him, In the Houso of Commons. Ho will sink to a nonentity. ; All his fame has boon ftoqulrod through tho injudlolous notion of tho Con servativos, in giving him a grlovnnoo, WHib e tho coroner's jury admire tho oournge of Mr. Hill, tho Hoddlo-stroot Bank manager would have been plonsod if ho had nooldently forgotten his revolver. After all, ho had only £150 to dofond, and what was that to tho life of Mrs. Bnvonsoroft ? Bank managers Invariably havo revolvers, but wo never hoar of -their slaughtering thieves. Mr. Moffat, a bank alork at Albury, lately killed himself by an aocldontal shot through tho foot, while priming his revolver. Nothing Is more misohievous than to keep a loaded revolver or gun in your houso. You are far more likely to shoot a friend thnn a burglar, and more llkoly to shoot yourself than either. Some years ago tho English clergy were angry with John Day, the trainer, for oalllng a racehorso Promised Land, but the outory redoubled when he named another Good Friday. Messrs. Ohirnslde won a race on Satur day at Flemington with St. Paul, by Newminster. i The name was lucky, anyhow. Sportsmen remember Newminster well. He was a fraud upon the turf, al though Dakin,'his trainor, slept in the stable with him, in a night-cap of steel, and dagger-proof blankets—so "they said. But two of Newminster's sons were victorious on Saturday, showing that the blood is there. I remember when the Bev. J. A. Dowle startled ■ Sydney with the announcement that a wealthy young r gentleman had given him over £20,000 for the building of a Tabernacle in Sydney, to rival Spurgeon's, in Lon don. Holding was the wealthy young gentleman, but the £20,000 was only on a promissory note, and he extracted £300 advance from poor Dowie, on the . strength of these glorious prospects. Mr. F. G. Smith, the admirable chief manager of the National Bank, goes home on a year's holiday. He is president of the Melbourne Cricket Club, and of course he will follow the Australian team round to all their English matches. Sydney Smith said that the Ten Commandments were written on .the solemn and grave visage of Franois Horner, and the same may be said of Mr. F. G. Smitli. Lcnip OAiiiUNCtU'QN is making himself enormously popular In Sydney, Ho evidently believes In the Tory domooruay, like Lord llandolph Ohurohlll, who says that the upper nnd lower classes will crush the middle class, as botwoon a pair ol crocodile's Jaws. ♦ * * Lout) OAsa'tdonoasm has gone homo, Moral to death. Woloomo London and gaiety I Ho goes homo alono. Ho listens not to the voioo of the olmrmor, charm she novor so wlsoly. * * Dit. Bosifl, M.L.A., ovlnontly had a notion of playing his cards for thoLiborallondorship, Ho ciuitofrlglitonod Hotlmm with his placards of tho groat National moot ing tlio othor night, • # ■ "'I _■■■■■ •.J - . :{•, • . - • r/-i;: ^ V-: "Who is tho " Ago " slaughtoror now-a-days in tho loading artiolos 1 : That obliquo ono about Korford was crushing. Tho " Ago " has alwaysleapt good ' alodgo hammors on tho promisos. Ct. P. Smith used to wiold tho mastorfui ono,, but Windsor, Doakln, Valo and Poarson havo done savago oxooutlon. Of oourso D.oakin is out of harnosa. Had ho boon in tho shafts, 1 would havo fathorod tho Korford onslaught upon him. William IIonAOE Symonds, who used to bp tho Pi'lnoe of tho Distrlot Oourt touts, has handed in his ohooks, There are nine of those lawyers' parasites yet left who manage to do a good deal of attorney's busi ness without having done their artioles, HI # * , I iucmumbeii reading, some yoars ago, a beautiful poem entitled " Marsyas," the subject of which was an organ-grlndor. I forgot tho namo of tho author and am not ablo to find it just now, having only books of : theology in my library, and a few poetical gems from the gushing nutse of tho Government Statist pasted in a scrap book, I believe it was Edmund Goose. But I was reminded of tho poom by reading tho complaint of "A Merchant" in the "Herald" of .Saturday last, Ho denounoos, in bitter terms, tho praotloo of s'troot musicians, who station themselves under his warehouse : windows, In Flinders- lane, and 'discourse operatic airs while ho Is easting up accounts. ' Now, surely this is a barbarous thing on his part. Nay more, .it is. worse than barbarous, for are we not informed upon good authority that " music soothes the savage breast." The poet who made this assertion evidently never; had In his ken the exaggerated savagery produced by; money-making—the savagery of Flinders-lane. The. street musicians—the plug-hatted'Fans and moleskin-, trousered Marsyases—came under his .windows and, l,i have no doubt, played to him even as David did before j Saul, with a view of soothing his troubled brain. I "Here," say they to themselves, "is a man plunged ! to the eyes in worry and anxiety—his mind is struggling; i wearily in amaze of figures—a labyrinth of logarithms. Let us arise and go forth and cheer him with melody." And they went ; and they played and played till their arms ached, and their temples throbbed, and they grew blaok in the face. And they were rewarded with curses. But they still persorved, for thoy said again to themselves, " This man is blinded with wrath. He knows not what is good for him. We will keep playing on sweet airs (with variations) till we fill him to the top of his skull with tunes that will leave him neither, night nor day—or kill him.Vi And they kept their word, and still continue playing, while he still oontinues complaining. Fob my own part, I fail to see what objeotion-any man with a soul in the faintest degree susceptible to the^finer emotions can have to these poor Orpheuses of the Kerbstone performing under his windows,' I know that I. always greet them under mine with glee of an uproarious description, and never send them away without something for themselves—even if it be only at times an old boot or two. I have no sympathy with the hard-hearted " Merchant," and I would like to see all the street performers in the town-—organ-grinders, trombone-blowers, harp-twangers, fiddle-scrapers, and" drum-thumpers, with the entire strength of the Salva tion Army Band—in full blast under his window every day, as in Hogarth's picture. If .they were there, they would be nowhere else. Tun Brisbane correspondent ot that ."'Inst Buntlny," (the Sunday y observed in Brisbane with almost uuhtn^M This ils oviaontly a fantnstlo ilvoum, o, luS joko, M * « I Mil. A. StWHK-HbAND, In (VUttJllo\ops^vl U Argus " lust wook on .,<• Tlio Origin ot of Faith," observes with regard to tho S^J tors " Milton bad no very high opinion ot Unj his sixteenth sonnet ho oalla themI < ItltoUng woWob who«o goairat WiMmti; but in this ho is manifestly unfair," ! ^ ftiuay so. But of course "maid" Is lino runs :— i« HlroUng wotvoa whuso bositoI UUmIuk; See what it Is to bo a " soholavd," What will nob a man—or woman-,],,(,1J hor—roliglous convictions 1 Mary Ann Jontn tho palnae of Archbishop Oookl QU p,^,. Inst and tiakod for n, priest. She win wi could not soo ono. Perhaps that was bec« J, not sober. Sho said that 1£ a priest did with diligence alio would smash a window, y", ofttno out, Sho therefore promptly tW, through ono of tho palaoo oriels, Voumi^a; kind of - thing "seizing tho kingdom o! bi violenoe." "If you don't give me youri:,,:, smash ono of your windows," There htm this formula of Mary Ann Jones, * * * Hit. D. M. Berry, ono of tho most grim! contributors to tho controversy regarding Oria whloh has caused suolr a rush upon the \ta late, aaya in his last lottor " If anyone urn surrender tho Book of Genesis, let him corned it." Who wants him to surrender it; Wiwtt take it from him when tho bible can be W;;b low as fourponoo from tho Tract Society! koops the Book of Gononis on a chain, It!:, much as if Mr. Borry had boon so far caria! v. tho boat of tho controversy iw to imagine kov.-. copyright of tho Book of Genesis—or wrote, self, * # * Here are two linos from a poom prinlib " Herald " of last Saturday " TUoy novor would gazo on the beautiful lif'J '1 ' Till ttuglos had lifted the veil," It soems to mo that they would have a cob! time to wait. But why angles any more than a —or showbirds, or parallelograms I This hi> knowh only to the, ohoerful compositor, «H bably never explain. In the " Vagabond's " article in Iwt Scj " Argus " he makes this damaging ndmlsion:-'! a true soil of the sea, although my kith and h| great worshippers of the Houynhum," tot us to understand they woro Yahoos! * * * .1 By-i'HE-WAY, he has takon it in hand is {«iH Brunton Stephens, Scarcely an article oi hht;tJ tains one or two quotations from the Pee: ' North, This is alike creditable to histadiwN a phrase which I have been at much paiw"1"] and which I flatter myself is hard to beat Stephens is emphatically the Prince « J-° Poets. There is gloom in the Yoriok Club, Sala has gone home, The members of itsc' J him like a brother. We all loved him for bh-j and kindly manners—his graceful and eia'^j hovwiia—his polished courtesy to outlaid I like ourselves, He did not hesitate to *>1 t bored him somovvhat, but he said it so con^ J —with suoh a large-hearted allowance l1 perfect culture and want of knowing possible, we loved and admired him all 0 reproof. It is not right that ho should1 without some little farewoil rhyme-^^ crude. As nobody else seoms to have may not bo too late for mo to take do«° t J of my mother from its cloudy hall " pensive! air. / Goovko, good-byol m Vnvowcll—'for -ovovmoTO, ■ D|JI)II our shining ahoro ) RtvmMUli oiii' Waning «ky, ■Tiny wo hope t° oHPN „ mb . yoiiv square and portly imm, if your visage round and warm, i•. ftood byo I grant Cfoorgo, good-bye I ; mnmrtho hard on us—1 ■>.' . wf Wo did our level boafc, r ■ Wlioti hero you woro our, guoafc, . , Rvo mado of you a fuaa | Won nro R high-toned ones H Wo know—forglvo ua pray. I ■ R (twos otirslmplo way—• ■ r =• •;<• ' .<• pon't )»o too hard on us, m) Clooigo, excuse thaao toara, ' m ' 't'lieso tears that madly flow, " ,.i ■ ■ 'J'llCSD C'lltftt'ftOta of woo. ,, ; Ifo hope out- prospect ohoora B'liioiigli nil the coming yotvrs i §1 Not ov'n though wo can road M your chwsdlug " Argus " aorood-— It), Clooigo, excuse thoao toara. , ' R * * * who Molbour'no corrospondonfc of tho "Groawlak ffi," ou January -1th i—I oxpoofc lb will bo nowa || ho lufomiod thfit ft daughtor of Mr. Graham raboiit to bo mftvrlod to Mr. Murray Rosa, of jSnotorloty. Thevo'avo auapioloua poopld ' who if hidden connection botwoon this susplolotis B tlio proprosftl which was boforo Parliament |se tho Bosstown Junction Railway, Bnt ha |psition was sftorlflood at tho ond of tlio aoaaion, wedding is still on tho triply, tho ono oovtld hot m obsolutoly dopondont on tho' othor. How I This appeared In tho " Advortlaor " boforo foment was published In Tabus Talk, I DoiiKitTY, of Brisbane, the lately elected [Co. Mciith, will bo ontortnlnod'at a banquet In Icks Hull, on January 27tli„ given by his |in Melbourno. ^ j * * ' accident ooouvrod at Golohestor last month, f aged thlrteon, the oldest dnughtor of Oapt.' returning homo on hor pony, accompanied by |when tho animal stumblod and throw' her. ' galloped oil, and, Miss Ind's foot being hold itliTiip, she was dragged along the ground for ) yards. When picked up she was insensible, fly afterwards diod, ■: * , J: ■:. v,..; prmnn papers publish the following hit on the ft:—Social Democrat to soldier " &ny;,' you |of the people. You wouldn't fire on your gen, would you?" Soldlor :—" No j entail mo sat anybody," "That's tho; way I like.to hoar Italic. Sit down and have some beer.',' - The glso. "Now take a smoke,'! said the Social. after tho repast was over, ■ Onoe.moi'C, the Implied. " Are thero many more soldiers ' in ffinent who would refuse to fire on the,people ?'* S Socialist, ""About twenty. You. see, we • lot tho band have nothing ,to shoot with, I liber of tho band. |varez, a Paris homceopathist, brought,,suit Princess of Mcdini Oceli .for six hundred I francs £or medical services, stating that he |ed to more than the usual compensation, on the great wealth of his patient. The court. him eighty-four thousand francs, he to pay,, lost physicians would consider £3100 a hand |but this doctor was much chagrined over the few days before ho had refused a much j| to compromise the matter. _ > * • ■ jold of a' well-known elderly. , gentleman r of |ho is docicledly deaf,, .that one evening re |he was passing along the darker portion of; wot, ho was confronted by two trampiiiod S individuals soliciting assistance. Not under-, |hem, he caught from his pocket a small and lear-truiupot, and placed it to his ear with the pt he was a little hard of hearing. To his |fmt the follows at once took their heels, one > the other: "Look out, Bill; he's going to " T mo Olutmiin't'n softs," says tlfo London " World," " al'o gollng In for military lives, Oiio lias joined tho ' dopob of tho Hnmpahlro Hogltnuut at Y/inohostor, and a brothor Is lu'tho oavalry roglmont, Both woro ro orultod undor tho namo oi! Tlohborno," t¥ * * Among tho young raon oi! tiblo and fortune who may bo sald'to bo coming ou: for tho next'London souson Is Sir Hoary Alfrod Doughty Tlohborno, who will lu May hoxtbo oi ago, Tho youthful' baronob la now In his twontloth yoar, having boon born in May, 18(1(1, Tho nooossity of dofondlng Ills property agalnab tho oolo bratod Tlohborno olalmant has ontallod upon his trusbooa tho onormous oxpondlturo of ono hundred and twonty thousand pounds. His ostatos aro In Hamp alilro, Dorsetshire, and Buckinghamshire, and roprosont botwoon olovon thousand and twolvo thousand aoros, Tlioro aro, in addition, London proportlos brluglng up tho,gross ront-roll to twbnty-olght thousand pounds a yoar. ' An analysis of sorao of Lord Bandolph Churchill's rooont spooohos shows that ho has spokon of Mr, Gladstona as, " An unkonnollod fox," " a purblind and sanctimonious Pharlsoo," " that ovil and moonstruok minister," " tho Moloch of Midlothian," * Edwin AknoIiD, author of " Tho Light of Asln," and oditor of tho London Daily TulogvayU, Is, says Joseph Hatton, ono of the most profound and interest ing Oriental scholars, and yob ono of tho " livost" of political journalists, Ho la this yoar to tako a long doslrod holiday. Ho will visit tho Ens torn soohos of his oarly life, make a trip,upon tropical sous; and visit his friend, the King of Siam. Ho has boon twioo married, his sooond partner boing tho niooo of Dr, Ohanulng, of Boston. In spito of Edwin Arnold's serious and re sponsible labors, this distinguished scholar, journalist, | and poet looks somo years younger than his ago, I-Io I was born in 1882, Among the replies to an advertisement of a musical committee for " a candidate as organist, musio , teacher," bto., was the following one :—" Gentlemen, I noticed your advertisement for an organist and mttsic toachor, eithor lady or gentleman. Having been both for sovoral years, I offer you my services." ■ ~i'. t /*,'! '■' "i . t -He # ' ' /*'•/* "Or1 the woalth of the world," says a fanciful i statistician, 780,000.000 dollars are owned by four moii, as follows': Mackay, 275,000,000 dollars j Roths child, 200,000,000 dollars ; Vanderbilt, 175,000,000 dol ilars ; and the Duke of Westminster, 8G,000,000 dollars. Their' income per minuto is 25 dollars, 20 dollars, 18 dollars,'and 7 dollars, respectively." * * M. Giwsvy is a grasping,landlord, and gots higher rents for his housos than any one else in Paris oould I He.owns the house M. Duclerc, lately Premier, occupied' '{Duclerc,- had been paying £100 a year for it. But when {M. Grevy called him . to be Premier ho also at once jraised.the rent to £500. " Surely you can afford to pay j that much more rent," said Grevy, " Since T have given iyou suoha fine office." But when Duclerc had to resign joffioe the rent was not lessened again. \ Here is a story now going tlio rounds of the Paris jpapors. It may and it may not have some foundation !in fact: The dead body of an English or American ilion-tamor, named'Stowart,'was, it is said, lately found in the room of a house at Romainville, outside Paris. pBythe remains was a corpse of an old lion, Stewart .•had fallen on evil days and went to Romainville with •his | lion:' It is supposed that he succumbed to an apoplectic : stroke, and that the lion lay calmly down and died of. grief and hunger by the side of his master. i .■■ ■ * « • *, 1 ' s In America ladies have proved themselves to bo the most successful canvassers. In one oase a lady book canvasser, not content with her progress above ground, went down in the coal mines. As a tribute to her per severance, every miner bought a copy of the book she was Belling, though many of them could not read a line. I wah rooontly aslcod by tin lflngllsh lacly, 1(1 a gonoral knowledge oi' " station'j oourtosy oould bo gnthorad Ci'om tho following Inoidont!—Tho wll'o oil ii station proprietor oivmo to Melbourne, to got a govor noss Hot* lior daughters, When tho applicants aallod at tho lady's addross, thoy wore ushorod Into tho prosonoo of nob only tho lady horsolf, but hoi' on tiro family ranging' from six yours upwards, and before thorn questioned with scant dolloaoy as to tholr abilities and roqulromonts, Ono of tho applicants a highly aoootn pllshod lady, was Imllormod that In consideration of ii good homo, and dofraylng lior own oxponaos dlirlng holiday tlmo and by devoting all hor tirno (Sundays luoludod) to tho ohlldron's oduoatlon, hor annual salary would bo half what tho governess horsolf had paid for hor studios In a aountry, whora oduoatlon Is not so costly as In tho oolonlos. * ANuw Youk lottor says: "Promonadors on Fifth Avotiuo of ton notloo a very ' swoll' hansom in whlok sit a oharming young matron and two lovely ohlldron. Those avo Mrs, Glronvlllo Kano and hor littlo daughtors, who roproduoo In ovon daintlor typo tho dolloato boauty, of tholr mother. Mrs. Kane's ' Titian' hair, hor ox qulsltlvoly tinted oomplexlon, and hor Uno oyoa won hor a promlnont plaoo In bollodom whon a dbbutanto, and hor beauty and popularity havo yoarly Inoroased. Mrs. lvano Is ono of tho two Now York sooloty womon who havo hansoms of tholr own, Tho othor Is Mrs. Prod. Nollson, whoso trap Is gorgeous boyond words, A magniBoont Uvorlod ooaahman porohod aloft behind 5 a bang-tallod, high-stopping bay, resplondont In silver mountod harness) tho hansom itsolf gllstonlng with orosts and monograms ) and, abovo all, tho oab's ooou pant, tond to make a vory striking onsomblo." M, Ooktes, the distinguished miorosoopist, has boon experimenting upon tlio effects of various oondimonts on tho tissues of tho oyster. Ho rocommonds lomon juice as tho most valuablo of thoso rolishos, as It has tho property of -destroying tho animaloulio which In fest tho stomaoh of tho mollusk, A very loquacious lady, calling ono day to consult hor physician, talked on and on with such volubility that tho latter oould not got in a word edgewise. Growing Impatient, ho at longth told, her ,to put out. her tongue, which she did. Ho then said: ''Now,, please keep it there until you have hoard what I have got to say to you." # * * A yotjng- lady onoo desirod to learn all- about tobaooo factories. The proprietor of one, "a. young' man, answered all her queer questions pleasantly and showed her about tho building. After looking through the shed, they oame into the basemont. "Down hore," said tho proprietor, " is the strlpping-room, where ■" " The what 1" said the visitor, " Tho stripping-room." "Excuse me," said the young lady; and she left the premises so suddenly that the young man oouldn't ex plain. Jois Thompson, the leviathan—the whale—the Be hemoth of bookmaking—was, I road in the paper, robbed tho other morning ofl a hundred pounds. This must be a sarcastic joko. , Bob Joe ? Not much, I think— This with a wink 1— Not so. No man lives, ho, Who could, you know, Bob Joe 7 Our Joe 7 Bookmaking Joe 7 ZTo's not so slow, Oh, no 1 Bob Joe 7 what chaff 1 ' It makes ns laugh. Our Joe 7 < But if the tale be true, at most The robber was a ghost ! BOSWELIi. 