A Christmas Ghost. 'Do yon really care for me one atom?' asked, bitterly, looking down into the calm f ao boforo mo. The long, dark lashes lifted them selves with languid- grace, and the beautiful eyes looked up into mine. ' At times, periodically, spasmodically.' ' The spasm is not upon you at present,' and the sarcasm of my tone hid its feeling. ' It rarely is when you make yourself dis aereeable. whioh is the case now.' ' And is there to be ho end to my patience?' 'I have as yet failed to beoomo very familiar with the beginning; you display it in suoh mioroscopio proportion.' I moved towards the door; I could bear no more just then. 'Good- byo ; it may be some time before we meet.' A startled expression flitted over her faco for just one moment, and was gone. 'A« revoir !' she said, with a careless wave of her fan. ' When your bad temper it over, and a thing of the past, I suppose 1 shall have tho extromo felicity of sooing you again. Sup pose you spend Ohristmas Bvo with me?' It waB the end of August, and I was in the habit of seoing hor daily. 'Dead or alive I will be with you !' I answered, and left the room. Why should she, my darling — for she wob my darling ia spite of it all — torment me so ? What demon was it that possessed her ? Or why should I, with my hot, jealous disposition, care bo madly for a woman who was not content to relinquish all the world for my sake ? She repulied my caresses -when the mood wia on her, broke engagements with mo, flirted with other men, and yet had promised to marry me. I loved and hated her, as it wero, in the samo moment. I would break loss from her, leave her for a time, and see if 'absence wo aid not work better for me than I could for myself, or if, perchance, it would cure mo of myinfatuation. Without allowing myself to reflect, I engaged passage for abroad, and made hasty prepara tions io be gone somo months ; I would not see her again ; I would not tell her I waB going, I set my teeth at the very thought of what it would cost me, and it required aU the strength of whioh I was master to carry out the deter mination, but I did it. I placed my business affairs in the hands of a friend, and one thing only remained— to have my will drawn up. 'I give and bequeath to Elizabeth Bamwell, my affianced wife ' (ah, BesBie 1 Bessie !) ' all my property, real and personal,' &c;, with the enumeration thereof following. Perhaps, thought I, a little bitterly, if she were to come ever into possession of what had once been mine, she might have one tender thought to give to him whose only thought had been of her. The wreck of the Scoiia is on old story now, but a story written in tears and lamentations to those whoso dear ones wore nover heard of again — of frightful mojnorios to the few sur vivors. We were toesing in mid-ocean, in a galo of wind and rain suoh as I had nover soon or dreamed of on land, when tho vessel sprang a leak. 'Man the lifeboats 1' was tho captain's order, ringing out even in tho midst of the noise'of the elements. It was a gallant crow. Swiftly, with won derful method and discipline, liia command was obeyed. But one waB found unseaworthy, and the crowd of terrified passengers more than filled the others. Odo'b chance for lifo would be slim indeed ! Wag it in tho body or tho spirit I should spend tho Ohristmas Eve I had promised with my cruel darling ? I helped a few frightened women into the boat, then turned to think of Bolf-prosorvatioc. I found a lifo-prescrvo.', fastened it on, and lashed myself to a loose spar, whioh I thought would float. 1 hen came a heavy blow on my head — I knew not from whence— a sensation of pain and numbness, and the world of sea and Bky -Has blotted out. I knew no moro. Moments of partial consciousness, followed by lapses into my former etite, are tho dim recollections (that haunt me) o£ this period. Nor have I ever boon eure of tho time that pQEseri ere I in gocd moasure recoverod. I opened my eyes on a strange scene. I was lying on a bundle of straw, covered with a sheojBkin ; above my head were the raftare of a low leghouse, and in tho corner of the room, on a brond, flat Btone, smouldered tho ashos of a fire. I w.is alone, but in a fow momentj a fair- haired, blue-eyed girl, in an unfamiliar ccslume, entered. Slio uttered an exclamation whon Bhe OECountered my look, and hastily ran to the door and called. Jn a moment a woman and two men entered, and stood around mo, pleasure evidently p.iinted on thoir faces, andjj talking volubly in an unknown tongue. Pro*| sently tho woman brought ma coIlVe in (fc wooden bowl. Tho eulty taBto was disagco*-' able, but tho sloaming beverage aaomed to revivo mo, and I drank it with avidity. In their humble way, n6 one could be kinder them theso poor pfoplo on whoso hospitality I had thus been cast. Weak as I was, from long exposuro and illness, it took some timo for me to realise - where I was, nor, of course, havo I ever learned tho full details of thoso past weeks md days. Saffico it to fay that I bad at laet boon pioVed up by aWorweginn fishing-boat, and my name and natiorality unknown (1 chanced to have no papers about mo, even oould any of the oraw have read them), they had oarried mo with thtm, and, to the best of their ability,- nursed mo back to lifo. Sowed in the lining of my vest I hadaconBide:ablo number of bank-notes, wbioh, inoredible ob it may icem, and water Boaied though they had boon, wore yet avail able. All that was on my nor. on was honestly ri tuned to mo, and this enabled mo, though in small measure, to repay tho kindness of my hosts are I parted from them. Betarning memory and strength brought baok 1 3 me all the paot in which Bessie was concerned, and I was seiztd with a wild dosire to sco her onco moro and fulfil my promise of spending ChiistmaoHve irithher. Already the winter was upon me, and littlo short of a miracle could enable me to accomplish it. But fortute favoured. I landed the day before Chrutnsas. Tho gay crowds wore thronging tha otiecte, tko Christina! bells sounding in th» air, as, sadly changed in appcarancie, and almost overcome with a whirl ot feeling, I stood that Christmas Bvo upon the familiar atopi, and the door yielded to the key which all these months had lain in my pookot. I drew Blightly aside the portioro which hung beforo tho parlour door, and, myself un seen, gazed into tho room. 'But, my doar young lady, this is surely very unwiio, to B»y the leaat' (it wob the voice of the lawyer, in whose hands I had left my will), ' to refuse a nice littlo propoiiy like that for a ohimcra t AU lovors havo thair qaarroli, no doubt, but ' ' I will not touch a penny of it,' low but steadily sounded my darling's voice, I could not see her. 'Ho promised to Bpend this Christmas - B ve with me,' sho added, dreamily, with some* thing like a sob. The lawyer took a turn up and down the room ere he rcpliod : 'Far bs it from me to deprive you of hope, but months have elapsod since the lots of the vonel, on whioh ho sailed ; no word has come from him. It is not oredible that ho haB survived. This property lies at your command, and it was his particular request that, if he did not return (wo must all provide in suoh cases for our possible demise), the papers should on this special evening bo placed in your hands.' A movement, and Bessie stobd in the contra of the room bsforo mo, pale and cad, but mare beautiful than over. How my thirsty soul drank in her loveliness ! 'He said, that living or dead, he would be with mp to-night. If ho is dead. I drove him to it, and I will go to him!' I could wait no longer ; forgetful of conse quences, I sprang in the room. With a wild ory sho threw up hor arms and fell into mine, extended to receive hor. We had kept our try st. — Fr&nk; Leslie's Paper. 