SPORTING. [From Melbourne! r/c] 1 CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. There was a fair number of spectators on the course on Tuesday morning, and bb there was every appearance of a fine morning, some good work was anticipated. Soon after 6 o'clock, however, a dense fog arose, encircling the whole of the course, and as some of the trainers prefer stripping their teams in the centre of the course, their 'manoeuvres were not seen. Jim Cain, the Caulfield Cup candidate, strode along on the tan at a nice working pace. Little John and King of the West moved along for a mile ; the former requires a deal of riding. Gnoculus, EsuriuB, Waiter, Amateur, Symbol and Victor worked on the tan, Kenneth brushed along for five or six furlong?, Beckwith spurted on the Band. Master John, jocular, St. Paul, Dargin and Royal Dublin were given their usual routine of healthy exercise. Union Jack and Sinking Fund completed a couple of turns on the sand track, the latter having the most to say at the finish. Grace Darling, who looks fresh and well, strode along for a mile and a quarter, Empress and Millstream joining her at various parts of the journey, but they were not of much use to her, as she ran over them at the finish. Gadfly and Hot Iron ran a sharp four furlongs. The Ghost cantered on the tan. The Bracelet winner looks nice and big. The Crane, Lithologtst, and Golden Fleece moved along quietly. Old Chuckster, who is looking as fresh as paint, put in two turns on the grass. Ben Bolt went once round the hurdles at three quarter pace, moving along the last three furlongs. Western in the same stable, was given a useful mile. This horse is improving. Mia Mia brushed along from the four furlongs. Violet and Stag can- tered. Douglaston, Epicurean, Louis II., and Delamla were given long, steady exercise on the tan, winding up with a brush over a couple of furlongs. Ajax and Brunette wore striding along on the sand. Highland Chief and Blondin were given a turn on the grass at half pace, These horses fire improving. New York, with a light boy up, after doing slow work for a round or two, finished up by running home from the mile. Pocahontas, Umberto and Town ley put in Some medium pace ยก excrcise. Nectarine,Carnivuland Julian Gray spurted. Camel one, Day star, Dexter and Meerschaum Were rest the ted to healthy exercise. Anxious enquiries were made about Silvermine, who has not put in an appearance for nearly a week's Rumours say that he is a queer." Lady Lovell, and Glentworth, both in the Bailie stable, ran a merry three furlongs. The latter is a 'nice-looking colt, by. Golds (brough. Sirocco, Chicago and BonuioVDoon worked on the sand. there was a host of others working, but owing to the fog iii was utterly impossible, to discern what they were,, ' 9, st ' 11 ' SYDNEY SPORTING NOTES. in Sydney, Tuesday. The first to rattle along at an extended pace at Randwick thus morning were as the stable companions, Industry and Rylestone who strode away over a mile and a quarter at their top speed, and the former came home in front. A strong run over the Derby distance was given to Blairgowrie, assisted by Orator and Sorata, and as he and his last round in 2min. 24sec, and finished in great style, the gallop was much admired. Rifleman worked with Lord William, who had him in no end of trouble, and Lancer showed his ability to run over Tristan at any part of the mile and three furlongs. Then came Emerald and Myall King for a ding dong once round, both rolling home together after being at it all the way down the straight. After which Trident beat Volcano about four lengths in what looked like a genuine go over the Derby course. The pair kept close company for once round, when Trident gradually stole out and accomplished the last circuit in 2min. 24sco.,pulling up in great heart. Mihwna-Copaleen and Cerise and Blue, after cantering, strode away for a run over two miles, Roobie joining in six furlongs from home. The trio came on together round the home turn, but when within the rails Cerise and Blue was seen to be in difficulties, and,' dropping out at the St. Leger stand, took up a prominent position in the rear, and Mylea-na-Copaleen ran the distance in 3min. 58sec. As usual, he showed signs of lameness when walking to his box, but it had worn off by the time he left the course. On the sand Yetman and Inglewood had a set to for four furlong!, which ended all in the former's favour. After galloping a mile, Bravo gave chase to Sir James, and catching him three furlongs from home had the grey settled in a few strides, and came very well out of a strong run over the Metropolitan Stakes course. It, however, remained with Tile Orphan to once more crack all the watches, Mr Loder's mare running her once round alone in 2min. 20sec, which was perhaps the best so far during the season, and the onlookers seemed well pleased with it. Once round fast was given both to Basil and Czarewitch, and then Acme, Tamarisk, and Neophyte ran home together after being extended all the way for three quarters. Wanda was of little use to Corday when business was commenced at the right end of a fast mile and a furlong, and Band, minus his shoes, had the best of Monte Christo over a mile and three-quarters, which, was run at a good stiff pace,' ' On the sand track Meteor did three turns alone, winding up the last time fast, an exercise that The Jewel and Chesham were each treated to alone. One of the most taking gallops by two-year olds was a half-mile by Morlands, with Robert- son up, in 51sec., the daughter of The Fawn moving in good style all the way. A very slippery imTu was. registered to Highland Mary, and King Fish got over a mile and a half in his usual lazy and uninviting manner. Trenton and Peter did their morning's work, a strong mile and a half, on the tan, and, after (his former had had all the best of it, he walked away, appearing very sore in front. , 11, i , , Wednesday. The long looked for spring meeting of the Australian Jockey Club will be commenced at Randwick on Saturday, and although the absence of rain has naturally made the run 'ring ground a of Sale hard to work on the condition of a large number of horses being prepared is generally good, and the mu el wished for tiBulta, both in the matter of large fields and interesting contests ought to follow. No matter how early racing commences, or how much form is exposed by the meetings of Rosehill and the Hawkesbury, the same large amount of interest always attaches itself to the spring week of the A.J, and this must ever remain so while racing men pursue their customary tactics, more especially with the two and three year olds, of reserving their best representatives for the important events to be decided at Randwick, and which give a good index of what is to follow later on still at Flemington. The Hawksbury Guineas and Two-Year-Old Stakes will always have their charm, but it is not otherwise than noticeable that Messrs. White and Long and one or two others generally do battle in those races with their second strings. For two seasons, at any rate,, this will probably re- main thereto for a long time, as in view of, the more pretentious prizes to be run for, it would be unwise to bring youngsters up and attempt to keep them at their top till the great Flemington carnival comes on, and the loss fancied occupants of the crack stables were sent to perform the double mission of paying their -way and getting a clue to the capabilities of who forces in reserve. Thus milE that within the coming 10 days we shall probably see at Randwick all the cracks of their respective years disputing the possession of the rich prizes and as among them' will be] many that have not yet appeared in public this season, the racing must naturally be much more interesting than we have so far been treated to. The Derby Will bring together the pick of the three-year olds,!. (The! best' twos will oppose each other for the races eligible for those of that year only, and what with the others enticed out for the weight for age races, as well as the Metropolitan Stakes, Hurdle, and i Steeple, to say nothing of the lesser handicaps, a very important meeting ought to be the result. The head-quarters of the Australian Jockey Club have undergone considerable alteration of late weeks, and the grounds look quite as well as can be expected considering the disadvantages they have laboured under. What will pay up for 'the Derby, Oaks, Richmond, and Foal Stakes it is not easy to tell, and Friday afternoon at 4 o'clock will be anxiously awaited to know what are to be the likely runners. For the first-named, as near as can be gathered, the starters will come from, Gentility,! My Lord, Yellow Jacket, Volcano, Tamarisk, Trident, Chesham, Blairgowrie,! and Kingfish, and should i this lot see the post, the race will be much more interesting than Derby. have been of late years. The remaining events give promise of attracting more than usually large fields, and notwithstanding the I poor show made by the sister colony, the spring meeting of 1880 ought to be well worthy of the premier club. "J SYDNEY BETTING. The sensation of to-day's' wagering was a very significant move made in, favour of Ringmaster for the Metropolitan Stakes, and a commission with a genuine stable ring about it, exhausting the market of all the money offering at 100 to 12, 13, 14, and 15. He finally retired with no better offer against him than 5 to 1. The Jewel was in no way affected, however, and he held his own as a firm second favourite at 100 to 14. Bohemian hardened to 100 to 12, and although the same figure was quoted against Cerise and Blue, a point larger would have led to good business. Monte Christo, B.Y and Bravo came next at 100 to 8, and Pet Girl receded to 100 to 4. The betting on the A.J.C. Derby was confined solely to Trident, who advanced to 5 to 4 taken, and ยฃ100 was booked in his favour for the V.R.C. Derby at 5 to 1. Bath the Caulfield and Melbourne Cups are dead letters. 