A True Oliost Story. If you look at a map of Denmark, you will seo in tlio oxlromo nortii-wost of tho country n nnrrow and attenuated spur of land running out between tlio two seas named Skngcr Hack and : , Cattcgnt, and ending in n clnw-liko pro- |jTuntory called tbo Sknw. Tlio Dnnish town of Frcdcrikslinvon lies n few miles j southward and on tho opposite Swedish f shoro is Gothonborg. Between flows ' ono of those ohannols which lmvo to bo ; passed in ontering tho Baltic, and which ! aro fraught with so much dnngcr to tho 1 marinor.. My father was master of tho | lighthouso on tho Sknw, and by menns of trading with tho Bkippors who camo our way, and a part ownership of sovernl small craft, ho succeeded in keeping his somewhat large family in circumstances which, in a part of tho world so fnr romoved from tho oxtrnvngnnco of cities, might bo considcrod affluent. Thus in my early youth my chief acquaintances lay amongst tho bluff fisher-folk by whom tho region was sparsely populated, and I had many opportunities of hearing tho strango sayings and of being nwed by tho numerous superstitions that woro rifo amongst thorn. I often wonder now how such fallacies could huvo taken so j deep a root in the minds of these simplo people ; hut perhaps if it had been my lot to hnvo remained for oror nmongst them I might myself hnxo becomo affcotod to a liko degrco. Often woro > tho mon frightened into staying nshoro, l when tlioy ought to hnvo put to sen, by ! Borao sago member of tho community lirmrrininrr nn nnrl anfin a lAn/iiilinr Kn-ltf. of ill omen hororing fnr out over tho sunkon rocks. Jinny ovonts woro prognosticated in true oracular stylo by tho appcaranco of tbo sky by night or day j ovil things must of necessity betide tho . man who killed a stork purposely or by accident, and tho women wero frequently in secret lamentation bccauso tiiey had seon n blao flame in the firo or somo special appcaranco in tho candle betokening a death in tho family. Tho beliof in these mnttors was almost universal ; an exception, how ever, was found in tho person of Carl Jansen, whoso dorision and soraowhnt boisterous ridiculo grated harshly on my young ears, tingling as thoy woro with tho weird stories of ghost and demon. In a kindly manner ho had at times triod to pursuado us boys that thoro novor woro any such tilings ns : ghosts j but with littio success, perhaps Jbeoauso wo woro already too deeply im- jpressod, or may ho, found something too much to our liking in the romantic idea iof tho thing to be ready to relinquish it. JIf any ono could bavo pursuadad us I jam Buro it was bo, for ho was very j .popular with us, being tho captain of tho j 'lifeboat, a man imbuod with that liardi- j hood admired nlilto by boys and mon, I, .'nnd tending to inspire faith. I often camo into contact with Carl, ; for on account of tlio prominent posi- 1'tion of our houso it dovolvcd upon my ) father to kcop a sharp look out for . Wracks or ships in dangor, and to report ; Immodintoly any casuality to tlio captain ! of tho volunteer crew, who would tlion .proceed to call out his men an 1 launch ."tho boat ; and my father ofton sent mo ! as tho messenger. It was ono night at tho ond of No- ! yembor before we had goao to bod — for h in thoso latitudes tlio light leaves us early at this season — that my father saw signals of distress from a ship that had I probably got on to tho reefs, and called | to my brother and mo to boar tho tidings ' to Carl Janson. Tho hoavons woro i black ond threatening, and tho pitchy darkness was hut littio relieved by tho light reflected from tho snow ; but tho j road was so woll known to us, and the distanco not being groat, thoro was no approhonsion either on our father's port ; or on our own about tho safety of tho tonrnnv. It was donrllv dark and still. excepting for tho sound of tho waves which hroko with a long riimblo along the shore ; but wo were accustomed to thiB, and beguiled tho timo as wo pro ceeded with a lively cbattor about a great many unimportant things. : Amongst tho littio cluster of Bshor- mon's cottages which' wo wero approach ing ono had long been hold to bo haunted. It was said that n man had orioo hangod himsolf there, ond that his ghost had taken possession of tho place. Wo had to pass this particular cottago, ' and ns wo draw near it our conversation ceased, for by a not very remarkable "coincidence our minds wero simultano- jously occupied by thoughts of the ghost, jlind our senses of Bight and shearing woro keenly awake to 'aUj DI|jU C1IUV UllgUW JIIWV.UV 'itself, in a manner perhaps familiar |to most people at ono timo or another ' of tlioir lives. Imagino then our fcol- jinge whon wo distinctly bbw n whito 'form issuing from behind tho houso in question and moving with a rapid and 'apparently gliding motion within twonty (paces of tho spot whoro wo stood. Wo I clung to eaoh other for n minuto in j speechless horror, whilst an awful tremor 'shook our limbs, hut tlion, with tho 'preternatural strength of fear, wo rushed jto tho door of Carl Janticn's houso, and istood beating it hard and wildly, till :'tho astonished mnstor opened it and let q lis in. For somo littio timo wo could iinnBWei nothing to to his queries saving ; fan incoherent ejaculation of "Tho ghost ! Tho ghost I" But in tho light and ./warm room, ond under tho influonco of his soothing words our presonco of mind at longtli returned, and by degrees we were enabled to givo an account of what I ;jw had seon. " Come, my lads," said , Carl, "you havo imagined ttiis ; you BhaU como with mo, and I will show you Vyou are mistaken." '1 Wo wero quito sure wo woro not mis- '"takou, bnt after a littio persuasion wo i'oach took ono of his arms and returned with him to tho scono of our fright, feol- jng pretty safo in tho presonco of our .hardy friond. Wo reached tho house, .i.qyalked round it, looked through tho '..windows into the dark and silont rooms. There was no ghost and oven my brothor and I wero beginning to inclino to tho possibility of our being deceived, when I felt tho musclos of tho strong arm I held suddonly contract with grent force, and looking forward I saw a tall and spootrnl figure clad in white, with sharp features and long bony hands, moving slowly towards us. Carl Jnnsen was a bravo man, inured to hardship and dnngcr, and accustomed to look dentil in tho face, but ho could find no voico, and stood still, irresolute, ns tho awful form approached. Closer nnd closer it came, until within half-a- dozen yards, whon it appeared first to seo us, nnd throwing up its skinny arms, with n hollisk shriek, seemed to sink into tiio ground. Wo returned to tlio coltngo without a word, nnd by tho light of tho lamp Hint was burning there, I glanced nt Jnnsen's face j tlio blood wns tricking from his bitten lip, nnd contrasted strangely with tho dcnth-liko pallor of liis cramped features. "My lnds, " ho said, " wc must got to the bottom of this, " nnd taking a lnnthom ho called on two other men, nnd onco again wo proceeded to tho plnco. On the spot where tlio apparition had scorned to disappear lay a woman in lior nightdress, ineonsibic. Sbo proved to bo a poor creature suffer ing from ncuto mnnin, who had eluded tho watchfulness of her friends, and promenaded tho snow until exhausted. Carl Jansen Inunchcd his Vont and wont out to tho wreck with ono more addition to liis list of experiences, and my brother and I returned homo cured for over of all belief in ghosts. 