TIIE RACING. Tho withdrawal of 12 horses from tiro Soiling Raco left only 11 to face the starter in tha opening event of tho day, and tho appear- anco o£ Power iu Mr. Whittiugliam's black and gold .seamed jacket justified the selection of llonora as favorite. Certain of a "straight run," which in selling races is a consummation devoutly to bo wished, but not always arrived at, tho public backed Honora hoavily, the ready money bookmakers plying a capital trade, but a substantial commission being executed iu favor of Toronto quickly brought him to tho front, tho ntonoy coming from a quartor whoro mistakes are the exception. During tho last few months Power and little Gorry havo on sovoral occasions had the finish to themselves, anil an interesting set to has invariably resulted. So it was in the Selling Race ou Saturday, the Caulfield youngster ou Toronto winning a remarkably fast raoo from llonora, who was outpaced at the finish, while the speedy Tiehborno could got no nearer than third. On being submitted to auction, tho winner v.-as knocked down for £1G0 to Mr. J, G. DufTett who was bidding for tho owner. Toronto having been entered to bo sold for nil, tho club started the day well by annexing tho whole amount of tho purchase money. The first weight for ago race that has ever been included inaV.A.T.C, programme, tbo Caulfield Stakes, had 21 colored on the card, but as 12 of theso declinod to moot Maloa as weight for age, only nino started, and Commo- . tion being ono of the absentees, Malua was in stalled a red hot o von money lavorite. Mr. Inglia showed his unlimited confidence in his horse by electing to ride himself iu face of tho faot that ho bad to put up 4 lb. overweight, while Alee Robertson, who has steered the great gun in some of his grandest achievements, was on the ground disengaged. Great a horse am Malua is, and good n horseman as everybody allows Mr. Inglis to be, however, they don't get on woll together, and the crack Ttuunanian steered by bis owner was again doomed to defeat at Caulticld. At the home tnrn it looked a moral ns Malua ran through his bones to tho front ; but Isonomy threw out a challenge at the distance, and Malua, being on the rails rather close pressed, could never get op ageioq and was beaten by the speedy South Australian by half a length, Tlio Nun tiuishing third. Had Mr. luglis brought his horse along from ttie home turn, instead of courting a challenge, he must have won, for Isouomy wasalloutut the finish, whilst Malua has never looked better. Foulsham scored a clever win in the Nursery Handicap with Lady Lovell, well ridden by Robcrtsou, beating the favorite, llortonse, upon whom Campbell adopted now tactics unsuccessfully, making a tinal run fur too late, but tho filly answered his call with such a magnificent burst of speed us to show that had it been made earlier she must have won. Mr. Pearson's Bedouin, who at ono time looked a winner, liuished third. Immediately after tho decision ol the Nursery Handicap, a general move was made to the paddock, to watch tho cracks boiug prepared lor tho Caultield Cup. Of all places on a race course, the paddock at saddling time is the spot where a man with somo knowledge of horseflesh, and a fair sense of humor, may depend upon fluding amusement b> listening to the oommeuts of tho uninitiated, especially those of the numerous division who would fain impress listeners with au idea of their remarkable knowledge. On Saturday, while the Cup horses were saddliug, Britisher was easily recognisable -through Fallon with Mr. Lougulin's colors on, standing by him. Iu close proximity happened, to bo Sir Samuel and one of the class of critics above referred to, pointing out tho not over-handsome steople- ohaser to a frieud, exclaimed, "Here's Recall, by Jove lie has improved." The unexplained withdrawal of Little John in the morniug bad caused considerable consternation amongst a numerous class who had backed him on the strength of his recent ruuuing, but tho only other absentee was .Maroney, whoso defection did not appear to interest anybody. The Ballarat horses of course commanded a numerous &uJc;, and, although Recall looked bright and well, ho suffered by comparison with Britisher, whoso condition was superb. ' Lesbia moved about tho paddock with the short, quick, dainty step, which is a characteristic of this sterling little maro, and a close inspection of First . Consul induced admiration for his fine proportions ahd a conviction that he will bo a great' colt- in' tho autumn, being yet considerably above himself. ' Jim Cain, who,' iu tho absence of hi6 brothor, Little John, was tho solo repre sentative oi Moran's stable, looked remarkably well, and but for his misfortune in the race would probably have occupied a prominent position. Standing as quiet as a iamb was MiUstroam, who is a bigger roguo than he looks, reserviug all his " playfulness" Cor the post, where ho subsequently showed in his truo colors, acting liko an equine larrikin, to the danger and annoyance of everything that came near, or rather that failed to get out of his way. Boolka walked round tho paddock proudly, looking a perfect picture, and disputing with Britisher the honor of being tho beet conditioned horco in tho race. Many good judges declared Ben Bolt to bo big, and bo certainly looked it at a casual glance, but ho is a horse of peculiar conformation, and that his pipes wero as clear as could bo was amply shown when tho crucial test came. Foul sham had tho favorite, Silvormino, Bad- died outside to avoid tho crush as much as possible, but a numerous crowd found him out and watched his toilet with interest. Since running second to William Tell for tho Newmarket Handicap ho has improved wonder fully, aud is now as handsome as they can bo . fount!, but in point of condition ho is succoptiblo of 6tiil greater improvement, and it is apparent that his nine days' enforced absence from tho training ground had their effect. Sinco his rapid recovery he has done good work and done it well, but being so near the day it was of necessity hurried, and should all go well during tho next fortnight, be will probably srip on Mel bourne Cupday at lease a seven pounds hotter horse than he was c.n Saturday. Of the other Cup candidates Mentmoro aud Isluudor looked about the Attest. A vexatious delay occurred at the post, Tho Levitc using his heels freely aud creating a great disturbance. MiUstroam, of course, followed an example so congenial to his taste, aud after subjecting Gorry to a most uncomfortable experience had to bo removed, to tho extreme outside. Tho start eventually effected was a splendid one, aud tho race, which is described in dotail below, was watched from ond to eud with intense interest Carry ing top weight, it was very questionable policy for Olds to rush Boolka to the front and make nearly all tho running, and tho tactics thus adopted probably extinguished whatover chance Mr. Miller's horse may have possessed. As Jim Cain fell at tho first turn past tho weigh ing room a scream weut up from tho grand stand, and liko lightning flash tho recol lection of the terrible scone of last year was revived. Happily, however, the western horse brought nothing else down with him, although three or four were materially affected by the accident, through being un avoidably jostled and thrown outof their strides. Jim Cain's rider fortunately escaped unhurt nud can give no explanation of tho mishap. . No other horse collided with him nor he wilh anything else, and tho probability is that in galloping ho crossed his feet. Throe furlongs from home, with the exception perhaps of Tarpcia and Midstream, nothing looked Ices likely to win than Ben Bolt, who was Badly placed in the ruck, but iu the next hundred yards the Queenslandcr had mado up a marvellous lot of ground, aud, although not nearly on terms with the loaders, was ap proaching thorn at every stride. Boolka was beaten at tho home turn, and Fallon, making a run on Britisher, showed tho way into the Straight and took possession of tho iusidc, a supposed advantage which nine jockeys out of overy ten strivo for, but which at Caulfleld is a fatal mistake. Quickly tho favorite set sail and half way up tho straight the only doubt as to the finality appeared io be whether Silverrniuo could wear Britisher down. This was soon set at rest, tho Tasinaniau re sponding gallantly to Robertson's vigorous call, and Britisher was beaten. Fallon had 6et him an unreasonable task in making such au early mn, and it was only Britisher's superb con dition that enabled him to sustaiu tho effort so long. All eyes had been on tho leading pair, who wero apparently fighting out tho finish to themselves, and by the time that the favorite had collared Britisher tho end of the stand had been reached. Frantic cries of "Silveriniuo" rose from a thousand throats as tho people's favorito eeomed certain of victory, but within a hundred aud iifty yards of tho post and just as Robertson's gold jacket had forged ahead of the Ballarat stripes, a Bpasmodic shout of " Bon Bolt" weut up, and from a group of Caulfleld jockeys assembled on the lawn, the more fraternal crv of "Mick O'Brien " as tho Queensland horso who, in tho hands of the Australian Archer, had come At the distance liko a bolt from a bow, Swooped down wide on tho outside, and Snatched the valuable prize literally out of the fire with a bare neck to spare. Amongst all O'Brien's successful efforts ho has never before iriddon a race so full of merit. Badly placed, land apparently defeated three furlongs from thomo, ho made up his lost ground gradually ;but surely until favorably situatod for a final effort, which lie timed to a second, and came on to Silvormino liko a thunderbolt. His in timate knowledge of the course, over every equaro yard of which ho lias probably walked scores cf times, was also utilised to advantage. It is unquestionable that the going in the centre and on the outside of tho straight at Caulfleld is very suporior and much Armor than close to the rails, and it was the per fection of judgment on O'Brien's part to make bis homo run wide out as ho did, for while those who caught sight of Ben Bolt as he shot away from the ruck thought that, by going so wide ho was losing ground, as a matter of fact, it \voritho race. Had Silronnino been as fit ' as Britisher, ho would probably havo 1 won ; hut Robertson states that .lie was considerably inconvonienced by Jim Cain's fall, and at the first turn was so crowded that ho had some fear of being knocked over the rails. Tho course having been affected by Friday's heavy raiu perhaps accounts for tho time beiug slow, the same as Calma's, which, tip to last Satur day, was tho slowest on record for tho CAulfield Cop; but tho remarkable way in which tho race "was won electrified the spectators, who cheered lO'Brien lustily on his roturn to 6cale. P. 'Kolly, the Irish trainer, beamed with smiles as ho submitted to a cordial pro cess of hand shakiug by innumerable friends, and well ho deserved their congratula tions, as tho way in which Bon Bolt finished wa9 tho best proof of his condition. Sinco starting training at Caulfleld Kelly has won many races through the splendid fettle in which he sends his horses to tho post, and his ability Is becoming as much a household word as wero the time honored St. Albans and Fowling Forest " polish." Ben Bolt is a bay horse, 5 years old. by Nowbold — Lady Baldwin, and stands 15 nands2.\ inches. He was bred by Mr. John Finnic, of Toowoomba, Queensland, and sold as a yearling toMr. W. Strickland, of Bowen, for £70. As a two-year-old ho was uevcr beaten, and won several races, and his total record iu his native colony wu9 22 wins out of 24 races. Mr. William Moffat t, late of Rock- bampton, well Imowtt a few years ago iu Mel bourne football circles, after heciog Bon Bolt run several times in Queensland, aud being strongly impressed with bis capacity, secured a lease of the horso from the 15tU August, 1885, nntil the 7th of next January, ami has,al ready carried off the rich CArrington Stakes In Sydney, and the Caulfleld Cup, besides running second to Tempo in Tatter-sail's Cup and third to the same mare in tho Summer Cup At Randwlok. Tho stable have won a big stake, and although tbo Caulfleld Cup ha been a good betting race. Ben Bolt was ono of tho worst hones for tbo ring. The win was divided amongst several persons, tho largest individual winner probably beiug a well known patron of Kelly's stable, and it is satisfne- torv to hear that O'Brien was laid £2000 io " nothing, for never was a substantial reward for coolness, judgmeut and skill jnoro richly desorved. In addition to Boolka, who performed splendidly lor a mile aud a quarter, Recall and Lesbia ran well through out, but wero apparently outclassed at the finish, and for over a mile The Lcvite and Bonnie Boon wero prominent Ben Bolt, with biB penalty, will have to carry 7 st 10 lb. in tho Melbourne Cap, so that bo and Silverrniuo will meet on even terms, giving Kelly and Foulsham an opportunity to fight their battie again over another half mile of ground, when, with a fortnight more of condition on, tho Tasmania!! horse is not un likely to turn the tables on his northern victor. The popularity of such a combination aa Black- thorn and Corrigan was shown by tho way in which the public planked their money on old Panic's grandson for tho Steeplechase, and it is a question whether the horse or his rider in spired -nost confidence. The favorite, howevot, drier running well forward un til within two jumps ot home, tired away under the severe pace, which had long before settled Lady Ashton, and a capital chase, in which there were only two spills of no consequence, resulted eventually in an easy win for Contingent, followed by Irish man and Havelock. Tho Winter Handicap, which wound up tho meeting, brought to the post 22 starters, five or six of which were fancied by their respective stables and backed for good stakes. All Gold, who had the assist ance of Hales, being most in demand. William Toll ran a great horse, with 9 st. 5 lb. in the saddle, but in the homo ruu lie 6uccurabed to Don Giovan, Toronto, who bad won the first raco of tho day, finishing third. The following are tho results : — Selling IUci:. of 100 sots. Tho winner to be sold f'T £150. Fire furlongs. II. Oxcnhara's b g Toronto (late Atranto), 6, yrs. <nt7), by Murlhymong— Cameo, 7 st. 2 lb. (Gorry) I J. NVhltfcingham'.i br m Honors, 6 yrs. (ntt), 7 rL 2lb. (I'owcr) 2 G. M\\\ulcy's b h Tichbonic, 6 yrs. (nil), 7 sr. 7 lb. ' (EitcrMgc) 3 W. A. Filgate's ch h The Baron, 5 yrs. (£50), 8 at. 7 1b (Quinn) 0 A. F. Bradshaw's cli in Seaweed, nged, (£25), 7 st. 0 lb (Williams) 0 T. Jones's b h Mistake, aged (£25>, 8 st. (ft. Bonce) 0 U. Ccucc ns br h Cadlaod, S yrs. (mV). 7 st. 7 lb. (J. Bonce) 0 D. Robinson's g g Land Stark, aged, (nil), 7 eU 2 lb. (Brett) 0 W. Pearson's g m Mclcogfida, 4 yrs. (nil). 7 st 2 lb. (Churchhui) 0 D. Fountain's br c Rouge ct Nolr, 3 yrs. (nt'fl, C st. 7 lb ,. .. (Fountain) 0 H. Hoystcatl's ch g Ariel, ngod (nil), 7 sr. 2 lb. (Iter butt) 0 Hotting : 2 to 1 against Toronto. 5 to 2 Uonora. 5 to 1 Ariel. After two or three attempts Cmlinitd, with llonora nud Seaweed, got quickest away, the hutcr pair, with Ariel, being pretty well abreast in tront as they came round the turn, with Toronto close behind. Turning into tho straight Seaweed dropped back, and Uonora entered with a slight lend aver Ariel. However. Gorry brought Toronto up, and n good finish resulted In his tnonnt beating llonora home by a length and three quarters, Tlch- : orne, who ran forward in the straight, getting third ph»C3 three lengths nway. Mistake was fourth, Arlol fifth. The Baton sixth, Rouge ct Nolr next and Lund shark last. Time. 1 min. 4 see. Tho winner was bought In for £160. Cauluiklp Stakes, of 200sors„ added tn a sweepstakes nf 5 soys each. Weight for ago. Ono tudo und a furlong. M. Locke's bh Isonoroy.byWlntcrlake— Ruby, 4 yrs., 9 st. 1 lb., including 1 Ik. over.. .. (Qulnn) 1 J. O. Inglls's b h Malua, aged, 9 st. 8 lb., Including 4 lb. over (Owner) 2 W. D. Robcrtsou's bf Tho Kan, 3 yrs.,7st. 6 lb. (Fiddcs) 3 C. Krashka's br li Young Horatio, agad, 9 sr. 4 lb. .. ,. (Masters) 0 M. Loughlin's br h Sheet Anchor, aged, 9 sr. 4 lb. (M. O'Brien) 0 R. G. Talbot's b h Highland Chief, 4 yrs., 9 st, .. .. .. (Moore) 0 J. G. Rcld's ch m Grace Darling, 6 yrs., 8 Kt. 13 lb. (Williams) 0 W. Pearson's b c Opal, 3 yrs., 8 si. 31b., Including 6 lb. over (Wool) 0 B. Gray's b orbr c Retort, 3 yrs., 7 sf» 11 lb. .. .. (M'Muhou) 0 Betting: Even against Malua, 4 to 1 Isonomv, 5 to 1 Grace Darling, and 6 to 1 Sheet Anchor. Malua had the inside running, and when the horses were sent away with the first attempt, ho, with Thu Nun And isouomy allowed In front, the favorite soon afterward taking tip third position. Thcso places were maintained for u furlong or two; and entering on the run along thu back, Muluu, still retaining his inside -odtlon. moved forward, und showed in tho lead, with Retort nud Sheet Anchor second and third, Tho Nun. lsonomjvmd Grace Darling being close behind. Along the back The Nun weut to the frout, followed by High- lund Chief, Malua being next, with Grace Darling, Isonomy, Sheet Anchor and Young Horatio following in order a written, Opal b-lng n Iwl last. For a short distnucs Hlgniand Chief took the leud, but at the far turn ott the railway side, Tho Nun again re sumed her phtco at tho. hcud of the field, tho others in order being Highland. Chief, Maiutt, Isouomy and Sheet Anchor. Coming round the (urn towards homo The Nun led, with Isouomy anil Malua close on Iter, Highland Chief now dropping back, while Grace Darling and Sheet Anchor wero ciose behind the three lending horses. As the turn into the straight was approach d the favorite improved his position, and toot; the lerd as (hey turned fit; ho was closely pursued by Isonomy, who "kept him very close to the rails. The Nun also bring well up. However, the race lay between Isunomy and Malua, and while the former finished very gamely, the favorite did nob tnakc his customary brilliant finish, tho result being that ho was defeated by lltvoo quarter of a length by tho South Australian horsu,; tho Nun only half a length away was third. Sheet Anchor fourth, Grace Durimg filth, Highland Chief sixth. Young Horatio sovontn, Upaland Rutort being last. Time, 2 litfn. sec. Kciunmv Handicap, of 150 soys., added ton sweep- lakes of 3 sovs. each for acceptors. For 2-yr. olds. Four furlongs and a half. J. Cl'sfiold's br f I«ady Lorcil, by The Drum mer— Paradigm, 7 st. 12 lb. .. (Robertson) 1 C. L, M'Donald's br or bk f llortcnsc, 8 st. 8 lb. (Campbell) 2 W. Pearson's br c Bedouin, 7 St. 10 lb. (Power) 3 T. Jones's b g Epicurean, Sal. 4 lb. (M. O'Brien) 0 K. Diirlot's b g Unbrace. 8st,. .. Glicketson) 0 T. Coffey's br c Jcbuslto, 7 st. 11 lb. (Williamson) 0 R. G, Talbot's ch c Lord Allen, 7 st. 10 lb. (Ntc'son) 0 J, A Laug's b or br c Bugler, 7 sf. 10 lb. (t'uge) 0 F. Cllssold's ch c Glcntworth, 7st. 6 lb. (Morrison) 0 \V, L'eamnn's b or br cCitude),7 st. 6 lb. (Churchill) 0 J. 11. lifil'a b f Probation, 7 St. G lli. (including 1 lb. over) .. ..(Fugg) 0 A. Chalk's b f Murmur, 7 st. 5 lb. .. (Howie) 0 ltorAaH's b c St Michael, 7 st. 4 lb. (Turnham) 0 J. Unimes's brc Albert Loddon, 7 st. 4 lb. (Brown) 0 J. Harper's b g Julian Gray, 7 st. 2 lb. (Steers) 0 J. G. Rcld's ch f Golden Fleece, 7 sL 2 lb. (Gorry) 0 I. Harper's br f Nectarine, 7 st. 2 lb. .. (ttcuco) 0 Al F. Bradslmw's b c The . Drcaincr, 7 sL(WilUnms) 0 Belting : 2 to 1 against Hortcnso, 5 to 1 Bcdonin, 6 to 1 Lady Lovcli, 8 to 1 Probation. The majority of the youngsters started on prcuy even term-, but amongst those who did not- tel. off well were the favorite, llortcnsc, and Murmur, the latter being left at the post and thus losing so much ground a to destroy any cn.tnco cho might haru potsudscd of win ning. Julian Gray, Firebruce, Jicdouin and lYobation got off pretty well, and coming round the turn Fire- brace was a couple of lengths ahead of Julian Gray, with Hortcnso and Bedouin In closo attendance. The leader maintained his position until the straight was renchcd, Julian Grav and Bedouin keeping close l>chlnd htm. At thu distance Lady Lovell, followed by llortense, came through the field, and a rattling finish between tho pair resulted In the favorite getting de feated by n short neck.' Bedouin, 2£ lengths uwav, securing" third place: l-'ircbraco was fourth, Julian Gray fifth, Epicurean sixth, while The Dreamer finished lust. Time, 57. Tin: Caitlvikld Cl-p, of 1500 sors. 1020 sova to the first, 300 sovs. to Uic second and 200 tsov. to tlu third, one mlto mul a half. \\\\. Strickland's b h Ben Bolt, by Ncwbold— Lady Baldwin. 5 yrs. 7 at. Gib (M. O'Brioa) 1 R. J. SadUcr's bk h Slivcrmluc, S yrs., 8 st. .. .. (A. Robertson) 2 M. Loughlin's b g Britisher, aged, 8 st. 2 lb. (Fallon) 3 S. Miller' br h Boolka, aged, 8 st. 7 lb. ("Ids) 0 W\ A. >parkcs's br or bk h Zcno, 5 yrs. (including 7 lb. penalty), 7 St. 10 lb. (Ellis) 0 S. G. Cook's eh h Remus. 4 yrs., 7 rL 8 lb. (Dalton) 0 i'. Coffey's br U SL John, 0 yrs.. 7 st 5 lb. (J. Williamson) 0 A. F. Smart's b h Burrlldo, 4 yrs. (Including 7 lb. penalty), 7«t. 3 1b. .. .. ., (Hough) 0 0\. Unruur.'s br in Luabis, aged, 7 st. 2 lb. (I(cdfem) 0 R. Orr's b h Recall, 4 yrs., 7 St. I lb. .. (IS. Power) 0 C. L. Mocdonald's b It 'lbe Lerlte, aged, 7 st. 1 lb. (Campbell) 0 1\. FonHhnm ns ch m Bonnie Boon, 4 yrs. 7 st. 1 ib, (Stcbblngs) 0 W. A. Fiignte's ch m Tarpcia, 5 yrs., 6 st. 13 lb. (Fngg) 0 J. Whlttlnglumi's bh Mcntmoro, 6 yrs., Gst. 11 tu. (Walker) 0 J. G. Rcld's b g Millstrcam. 6 yrs., G st. 01b. (Uoiry) 0 W. Morau's br g Jiat Coin, 4 yrs., 6 st. 0 Sb. .. ., .. (Amvin) 0 Sir W. J. Clarke's br c First Consul, 3 yrs.; 6 st. 11 lb. (Including 3 lb. ovor) (Bruce) 0 G. H. Head's g h Islaudcr, 4 yrs., 6 st. 6 lb. (Toralin) 0 Betting: 4 tol npainst Silvcrtnlne, 5 tol Britisher, 7 to 1 Boolkn. 8 to 1 each Ben Bolt and Recall, 15 to 1 fit. John, 20 to 1 racli Loatda and The Invito, 25 to 1 each Mqntraorc, Millstrcam und i'in-t Consul, 33 to 1 Jim Cain. After the horses had assembled at tho starting post Mr. Watson was pat to considerable trouble to get them iuto line owing to the Intractublcness of Millstrcam and the freshness of The Lcvite and Jim Cain. MlUstreatn was the first horse taken to the post, and though he was thu afforded plenty of time to get uccustemcd by degrees to his surroundings, he could scarcely bo in duced to move when Gorry was put on hi back. The jockey tried by every means to get Millstrcam to join tlm other hones, using his whip freely after tajo lug hod been four-d to be uselessi The golding, however, could hardly be persuaded to more In any dlrcctiou. Mean while tbo other horses, with the exception of tho Lcvite, who was in n sportive mood, and was kicking at every thing within resell, aud Jim Cain, who was inclined to jump about, stood up lit a line, islander, Lrsblo, ISo dka and Recall being ou the Inside. In the centre, side by side, stood Britisher and Sllvcrmine. wilh First Consul nnd Bonnie Doon, while on the outside were Burrilda, 'J he Levilo, Jim Cain, Tarprin and £cna Millstrcam was at length squcez>l into a place, and tbo starter without duhty despatched the L t to a splendid start, even Mllbitrcom not losing more Hum two or three lengths Jim Cum aud Bur rilda aiso were rather slow in getting off. wide, on tho other hand, fit. John wa undoubtedly quickest, end gained three ports of a length. Zeno and Boolka also got under way very quickly, fit. Johu at one.- took thu inside running, and, as iho horse- approached the stand, he wa lending, witli Boolka, Lobia, Zeno, The Levitc, UrJtLher and Ben Bolt, nil occupying good positions in tho front of the field. Passing the stand, four horse — Zeuo, The lA'Vitc» fit. John und Boo ka — wero almost abreast In the lead, with First Consul. Ben Bolt, Britisltcr, Mcutmnrc. Lesbia. Sllvcnulne and Tarpela nearest to theui, Burrilda and Millstrcam being last. As the horse. turned away from the straight, Jim Caia stumbled und .'cB, this causing nearly all the horses to run wide, the exceptions being Boolka and Bonn o Boon. Ihts circumstance garo the pair named an ad vantage, nnd as the ftcid rounded tho turn away from the straight Boolka, on the inside, had a lead over Bonnie. Doon. Mcmmurc and Britisher U:ing very close up. with Recall, Tho Levitc and LcMh In the next positions. Tnrning along towards tho buck Boolka led the way, with Bonnie Doon and Mcntmore right on his quarter, Britisher and Recall being next, while fit. John oud fiilvcrmhu were at tue lived of tho others. Tito same horses r tained their positions along the back. The Lrvlte, Bonnie Doon aud Menttnoro being almost on even terms with Boolka, while Britisher and fit. John wero close behind. At the far turn near the railway side Bonnie Donn and Boolka wero a couple of lengths ahead of Brit i-her, who had the Inside running behind Mr. Miller' horse, fit. John, Menunoru, Recall,' Ben Jtolt, The Lcvite nnd Sfivenrohic being tho next lot. r.ntcrlng on tbo half-mllo run for home, Bonnie Doon had a slight lead over Boulku. who wa juit in front of Br.ti-her, the other in order being The Invite, Meituuore. fir John. Remus, Dilvet luir.e. Recall, IxV£4, First Con»ul. Ben Bolt and Zvoo, with Mill- stream and lslnndcr in the rear. HooIhu had now had about enough, und as the sod wall wa passed he haJ dropped bttCa to about fifth place; Britisher on the in- ride, with Bonnie Doon, The Levitc, fit. John. Mlvtr- raJne and Recall forming ihc frsnt divlslou. Asthe horses ncare.t the turn into the straight running, Bonnie l>ooa dropped back a bit, and fit. John moved forward, Sliver- mlno also improving his poiiiiou, the result being that Britisher hud about thruc-qumlcr of n length lend over fit. John as Uiay turned iu.o the straight, Silver- mine on the outside being in \ third place, about a length behind fir. John. At this thne Robertson had not an\eJ un thu favorite, who wa going grandly, nnd looked a very likely winner. Bonnie Doon wax fourth Into the straight. Recall, Lesbia und Ben Bolt being next, wilh Remus and Zeuo following. Urhishcr continued to lend, but Silvormino gradually overhauled hitn, nil about half way down It wa seen that he had a slight advaniagu over the Ballarat horse nnd would beat him home torn certainty. Tho pair were racing together near the inside rails, and about tho distance O'Brien brought Ben Bolt ont. of hi pf.siMnn at tho head of tho remainder of (he Geld, nnd taking hini right nut inlothe centre of the course made a. most brilliant ruu, catch ing Britisher, thou fiilvcrniltic, within about 20 yard of the winning pest. The finish between the three horse wnsa miignfiicent one. but the Qm cnslanilcr, by hi splen did ruu managed to get hi head iu Iron: of the favorite on the p-st, the judge's verdict being In favor of Hen Bolt by a short neck. Britisher, not half a length away. tooK third place, and Recall, who aUo ran up well in (be str iahi, wa fourth, only about a length behind. Lesbia finished fifth. St. John sixth, Remus seventh, Boolka eighth. The Levitc ninth. Mcntmore being at tho hcud of the others, who were whipped in by Millstrcam nud Tarpria, the latter buing the absolute "last. Time, 2 min. 42 see. WINNERS OF THE CAULFIELD CLP. S Horse. rodigrce. |£ Time. > £ 5 1879 N'ewminstcr. 5 I yr rite Marquis— Sp 8 10,15 2.45) 1830 Tom Xirk, aged Ladyklrk>pa .. 3 3112 2.25 1831 Blue Ribbon, 4 I yrs Derby— Derelict .. 7 315 2.30 1881 Master Avcncl, 6 Julian A vend— I yrs loidy Wallaroy.. 7 12-17 2.29.J 1832 Little Jack, 3 King Cole — Cha- | yrs rude .. .. 5 11|32 2.4l| 1833 Colma, 4 yrs. .. Vattondon — Lon- don Pride .. 3 2 25 22 1884 BUnk Bonuy, 6 5 t. Albans— I yrs Mcdca .. .. 7 S;23 2.4OS 1885 Grace Darling. I G vrs Tim Divor— Zoa .. 7 10'Jl 2.u0 1836 IKn Bolt, 5 yrs. Ncwbold— Lady I BaMwIn . ..7 6!18 2 .12 Notk. In 1879, 1832, 1883, i884, 1835 nnd 1836, the distsnco wa a mllo nnd a half. In 1830 and 1831, a mile and a quarter and a distance. Two races were rati iu 1881, In tho autuura and spi ing respectively. Ores IlAS'DicAr STncrkucrtASK, of 250 sovs., added to a swccpsiukcs of 5 siv. each; second, 50 hot. Ab ut two tulle and a half. J. L Clottglt's b g Gontingent, aged 9st. 12 lb., by The Wizard.. .. .. .. ..(Gardiner) 1 S. Miller's g g Tho Irishman, 6 yrs., 11 st. 9 lb. (H.Watson) 2 It. Oxcnhaaa's br g liavclock, aged, 10 st. .. (Malone) 3 VT. Pearson's b ra Lady Ashton, aged, 12 7 lb. (M'Lcod) 0 W. H Power's br g Blackthorn, aged, 11 sr. 2 lb. (T. Corrlgnn) 0 W. A. Fllgatc's b m Lady Carrington, aged, 10 st. 101b. (Kaln) 0 J. E. Becston's br g Terang, aged, 10 st 8 lb. (J. King) 0 J. Pile's br g Brown Englo, aged, 10 st. 7 IU (S. F.oyd) 0 J. M'Grndo's br g Moonlight, aged, 10 sL (Cupii) 0 M, Mor.m'H b g Victor, nged, 9 t, 8 lb, .. (ku) 0 C. Filgufe's l» g Oar Boy, aged, 9 kL 7 lb. .. (Kbtiuff) 0 W. Neil's b g Sir Samuel, aged, 0 st 7 lu. (MGowan) 0 letting: 4 to 1 each against Blackthorn and liavc lock, 5 to 1 Slrfiamue-, 6 to 1 each J«ady Ashton and 'Ihe Irishman. Blackthorn showed the way over the first fence, he being followed by Sir Samuel, Tcrnng, The Irishman and Havelock. As ihey "pa-tscd the stand Terang had tho lead, the others. In order being Blackthorn, Sir Samuel, 'lhe Irisliman, Brown Eagle, Lndy Carrington, Havelock, Victor, Lodv Ashton. Contingent ond Our Boy, Moon light being at the rear of the hunt A11 tho horses ncgodated the treble without mistnke, and Tcrnng led over tho hill, witlt Sir Satuuel, Lady Carrington and Blatktiorn ncurest to him, Con tingent keeping well b-'iilud. There was nn great change to note as lite horses went along the hack and around the turn, where Terang led Brown Eagle. At the fence on the turn before entering on the atraJght Victor fell, and was put out of tho race. In negotiating the jumps In front of the stand for the second time Terang led Blackthorn, Sir fiamuol, I r.dy Carrington tuid ' nntingcat, Ihcse forming the front divi sion. Sir Samuel foil very heavily over the log and gave hi rider M'Gownn a t:a ty concussion. The hotsc lihn- st'lf was apparently bodily injured. Bound tho turn Lady Carrington led. Contingent. Terang, lllnckthoiu, Brown I ngle. Tho Irishman. Lady Ashton, ilarciock. Moon light nnd Our Buy following. There wa no change along tho latch, except that Lndy Ashton and Our Bov both dropped back out of the race, Ttrnng, and Ltriy Carrington were showing the way as the horses cume round thu turn toward home, Contingent, pu Hw hard, being in third place, with The Irishman, B:aci.7.torn aud liavclock next. At the instfenco Con tingent took the lead. Lady Carrington nnd liavclock both striking and losing ground. Continent led into the straight, where he wa pursued by Tho hhho.an, who, however, was still 10 lengths behind tw the post was (uts-cd. ilnvutock. thrto length away, wa third. Blackthorn finishing fourth. Lady Carrington fifth, the others to finish being Moonlight, Tcntug, Brown Eagle and Lady Ashton. Time, 5 min. 28£ see. Wixpson Handicap, of 150 ovs., added to & sweep stakes of 3 90 vs. each for starters. Six furlongs. J, Morrison's b c Don Giovan, by Don Giovanni— Quickstep, 3yrs„ 6st. 11 lb. .. (Johnston) 1 S. Miller's cli It Will'nm Tell, 0 yrs., 9 st 6 b. (Olds) 2 U. Oxenhnm' b g Toronto (late Atranto), C yrs, 7 st. 2 lb. (Corn,-) 3 J. CrJppVs bk h Duration, 8 yrs., 8 st. 13 Ih. .. .. (T. Brown) 0 J. G. Rcld's ch g The Ghost, aged, 8 st 3 lb. .. .. (J. Williams) 0 ; S. Miller's br c 5lunvryrtinn, 3 yrs., 7 st. 10 lb. ,, (M'lntosh) 0 S. Martin's ch c All Gold, 4 yrs., 7 st 9 lb. (Including lib over) .. . (T. Hales) 0 S. Nathan's ch m Straight Shot, 5 yrs., 7 st. 7 lb. .. (J. William on) 0 H. Howie' lir c Huron, 4 yrs.. 7 st. 0 lb. (I'owcr) 0 J. G. Rcld's b or br f Gadtly, 3 yrs., 7 st. C lb. (G. Brown) 0 M. P. Whltty's ch f Vascosa, 4 yrs., 7 at. 61b. (Lttftidge) 0 M. Jncobx's ch f Sedition, 4 yrs.,7st. 5 lb. (Redfcrn) 0 C. Krushkn's b g SL Albert, 6 yrs., 7 st. 1 lb. (in cluding I Ib. over) fNccsun) 0 I. Foulsham ns b It Sirocco, 5 yrs., 7 at. (Stubbing) 0 W. A. FRgatc's ch it Tho Baron. 5 yrs., 7 st. (Fugg) 0 M. M'Kcnzlo's b f Mia Mia, 3 yrs., 6 at. 12 lb. (Martin O'i(rien) 0 J.9 Whlltingham's ch f Oclria, 4 yrs., 6 st. 11 lb. ,. ,. .. (Walker) 0 W. Y. Bryant's b c Lord of the Manor, 3 yrs., 6 sL 111b (D. Williams) 0 H. R. Kerr's b c Donald, 3 yrs., 6 st. 11 lb. (in cluding 2 lb. over) (Bruce) 0 F. Long ns ch g Cestui?, aged, 0 SL 6 lit. (Tomdu) 0 J, M'Grude's b g Mustang, G yrs., G sL 5 lb. (J. Bencc) 0 it. G. Talbot's b it Blondin, 3 yrs., 6 st. 4 lb. (Morriso 1) 0 Betting : 4 to 1 ngolnt William Tell, 5 to 1 Don Gio- rn, G t> 1 Toronto, 8 to 1 filrnfght fihot, 10 to 1 AU Gold The horse went nwny to a moderate start, of which Sedition, All Gold, Lord of the Manor and SL Albert got raihor tbo best Lord of the Manor was soon in tho lead, where, ns they carno rouud tho turn, he wn joined by William Telk' The last named led Into tho straight, whero Dtfn Giovan and Toronto came through, nnd a rattling finish to -k place, ru-ult- ing In Don Giovan bearing William Tcil by u length for first place. Toronto tilled third l osiUon about a length and a half behind William Tell. Tho Ghost made a good ruu in tho straight and finished fourth, with Ct-Ktus fifth and Mustang sixth, the last horse of tlic field being St. Albert. Htnc, 1 min. 17 sec. 