w, ? M 'i i -- " ' li i SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. -The paT TBLEORAÍTI.J (mow OUR OWN oonnssporTDBNTS.) V.R.C. GRAND NATIONAL MEETING. MELBOURNE, SUNDAY. Visitors to Flemington on Saturday last find the assurance of the executive of the Victoria Racing Club that this would be the grandest steeplechase meeting ever held in the southern hemisphere. In view of the large number of entries, and the sure promise of fine weather, the club no doubt felt fully justified in making some such announcement; and although Saturday was in some respects the worst of a succession of exceptionally fine days experienced during the week, the prophecy of the club was realised, the attendance being in excess of that of any preceding Grand National day, and the racing was good and free from serious accident. Amongst the visitors were his Excellency the Governor and Lady Loch and a large party in the vice-regal box. The attendance appeared to have been considerably under-estimated by the Railway Department, as the arrangements proved quite inadequate. The following are the details of the racing: MAIDEN HURDLE RACE. Mt. Vf. Bailey's Sir Launcelot, 8st. 7lb. (Carey). 1 Mr. H. Oxenham's Mackay (late Mirer King-), lOst. (Malone) 2 Mr. J. Cripps'Hobart, 10st. 5lb. (M'Leod) 3 Arganthono, Aristocrat, Pyrrhus I., Joey, and Earimil also started. Betting : 6 to 4 v. Sir Launcelot, 6 to 2 v. Mackay. The places changed a good deal in the first quarter of a mile, but going up the river side Earimil, going well, was in the lead with Pyrrhus I Joey, Sir Launcelot, Hobart, and Arganthono being in a string. At the back of the course Earimil was still going well, and kept the lead past the sheds. Hobart deprived Earimil of the lead over the last hurdle, and wheeling for the gap, Sir Launcelot rushed past the others easily, and was followed into the straight by Earimil, Hobart, and Mackay. The latter struck the hurdle in the straight sharply, the shock nearly putting him off his legs. Malone pulled him together again, and with a rush at the finish got within three-quarters of a length of Sir Launcelot, but on sufferance only, as the latter was being steadied. Hobart was third, three lengths away. Time, 3 minutes 55 seconds. MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE. Mr. 0. Buaklev's Wickliffe, 10st. 10lb. (Creek .... ... 1 Mr. G.H. Whltohead's Andy, 11st. 10lb. (Allen) 2 War Dance, Sir Robert, Consternation, and Trooper also ran. Betting: Even on Wickliffe. Sir Robert was the first to show in front, but both Consternation and Wickliffe passed him as they cleared the first of the fences parallel with the straight. ' Wickliffe, who both jumped and galloped in much better style than anything else in the race, led over the treble. and was in the lead along the back. The rail fences along the side brought down War Dance, Sir Robert, and Consternation. Wickliffe galloped home a very easy winner by three lengths, while a quarter of a mile further back Trooper and Sir Robert were racing for third place. The former had most pace, but no third horse was placed by the judge Time, 6 minutes is second. CHANT NATIONAL HURDLE RACE. Mr. W. Moffatt's Ocean, 9st. 8lb. (Ferguson) ... ." ... 1 Mr. 0. O'Brien's Ruby, lOst. 121. (owner) 2 Mr. M. Loughlin's Sheet Anchor, 11st. 10lb. (Corrigan) 3 Duration, Tantalisor, Koolyte, Distiller, Hilltop, Grattan, Ditto, and Wild Dog also started. Betting : 6 to 4 v. Sheet Anchor, 6 to 1 v. Duration and Ruby, 100 to 16 v. Hilltop, 7 to 1 v. Kyte, 7 to 1 v. Tantalisor and Ocean. Sheet Anchor jumped away with the lead, followed by Ditto, Hilltop, and Koolyte. Round the turn towards the river the places changed more than once, but half way up the side the light-weight Wild Dog was taken out for the lead by several lengths. At the back, Wild Dog and Ocean were still running first and second. Ruby had moved up to third place, and behind her were Sheet Anchor, Grattan, Hilltop, Duration, and Ditto running in a line. Passing the sheds. 'Distiller ran around the hurdle-. Entering the straight the first six were Wild Dog, Ocean, Ruby, Grattan, Sheet Anchor, and Hilltop. Coming down the straight Ruby went into second place, and Hilltop passed. Sheet Anchor, but the favourite was still galloping well within his powers. Ocean was level with Wild Dog as they entered once more along the side stretch. Sheet Anchor hit the hurdle near the bridge sharply, and Boomed losing ground for a while. Round the back Ocean drew out And for the first time took a clear lead from Wild Dog, while Ruby and Grattan, who passing the stand were going M will as anything in the race, were next to the pair. 'Sheet Anchor was making up his lost ground again. At the last hurdle before entering the straight, later being nearly run off by Ocean, he again struck, and lost at least four lengths, so that Ocean led him into the open. As he was still going well, the favourite looked like surviving his mishaps, but he hit the last hurdle also, and then died away, leaving Ocean and Ruby to contest the finish. Ocean won by a length and a half, Ruby being three lengths in front of Sheet Anchor. Time, 6 minutes 35 seconds. GRAND NATIONAL STEBrLBcnAss. Ar. V. Loughlin's Game, list. 10lb. (Corrigan). ... 1 Mr. B. Martin's Native, 10st. 8lb, (Ferguson) ... 2 H. and W. Pearson's Lady Ashton, 12st. 7lb. (Mr. E. APCnl loch) " . .... 3 Studley, Bob Cooper, Reticent Roulette, K. anata, Bpanglo, Brown Eagle, Charcoal, and Nuisance also started. Betting: 3 to 1 v. Game, 11 to 2 v. Studley, 6 to 1 v. Jleticent, 18 to 2 v. Lady Ashton, 10 to 1 v. Native and Spangle, 12 to 1 v. Roulette, 15 to 1 v. Brown Eagle and Charcoal. Native jumped away with the lead, Bob Cooper, Brown Eagle and Kanaka being next. Lady Ashton, contrary to her usual custom, was galloping last. At the first jump Charcoal rushed out, and gave the load over it. At the bridge Roulette was galloping alongside of Charcoal, with -pump, Brown Eagle, Retreat, and Kanaka all close at towards Along the back Native was taken to the front, and Lady Ashton also improved her position materially. At the abattoirs the order was Native, Charcoal, and Lady Ashton. The only alterations as they passed the sheds and came round the bend was that Game passed Lady Ashton and moved up third. At the first of the fences along the straights Charcoal struck and rolled over his rider. Native and Lady Ashton went side by side over the stone wall and logs. The leaders kept their places until the bridge was reached, when Bob Cooper fell. At this point the order was Native, Lady Ashton, Game, Reticent, Roulette, Kanaka, Brown Eagle, Studley, and Spangle, with Nuisance last. Studley had remained in the rear for the first round, but after crossing the logs he tried for a better position. Along too book Lady Ashton went past Native, but before the sheds were reached the latter was in front again. The rail fence in the bond brought down Spangle, and after the field had crossed the last jump Lady Ashton rushed out, and was first through the gap into the straight. As soon as Game challenged her, however, the more was beaten, and from the pace made by the Dowling Forest horse, it was evident that nothing could reach him. Native made an effort, and was ridden right out. Game came home a comfortable winner by six lengths, Native, who was casing off, being a length in front of Lady Ashton. Reticent was fourth, Kanaka fifth, Studley sixth, Brown Eagle seventh, Roulette and Nuisance next, and Spangle, who had been remounted, last. Time, 6 minutes 48 seconds. SELLS o HURDLE RACE. Mr. N. Little's Problem, 10st. 8lb. (King's Joey . ' 2 Fusilier.'" ", W F ") "" 3 Wild Dog and Louis also ran. Betting; 6 to 4 against Fusilier, 2 to 1 against Problem. Problem won easily by five lengths, Fusilier being the same distance behind Joey, with Wild Dog last. Time, 3 minutes 50 seconds. The winner was bought by Mr. P. F. Gordon for 105 guineas. FLAT RACE. Mr. C. Wilson's Gardenia, 7st. 11lb. (O'Brien) Mr H. Jennings's Duke of Athol, 7st. 2lb. (Brown) . Mr. W. E. Dakin's Quintin Matsep, 8st 2lb. (Power) ... Plausible, Meteor, The Ghost, Middlemarch, Medea, Bohemian, Kitoyya, Straight Shot, Sunny Days, Lesbia, Stafford, Kohai, Oakleigh, the King's Son, First Consul, and Menottio also ran. Betting: 5 to 1 v. The Ghost, 6 to 1 (at first 10 to 1 v. A *-"""l"'t* IUIU DUKE of produce. Gindenia had rather the best of the start, and kept her lead for a time. On the back stretch Duke of Athol was in front, and, gallopping strongly, he seemed to be a certain winner. Half way down the straight O'Brien sat down for a hard finish on Gardenia, and by great exertions got his mare up to Duke of Athol in the last couple of strides. and snatched the race from him by a head, the rider of Duke of Athol being jammed on the rails so close that he was unable to use his whip freely". Quintin Matsep was third. Time, 1 minute 42 seconds. 