THE UPPER BERTH. Ey T. MARION CRAWFORD, Author of "Mr, Isaacs," "Dr, Claudius,\ "Zoroaster," &c; , &c.; Somebody asked for the cigars. We had talked long, and the conversation wa3 be ginning to languish; the tobacco smoke had got into the heavy curtains, the wine had got into those brains which were liable to become heavy, and it was already per fectly evident that unless somebody did something to rouse our oppressed spirits the meeting would soon corns to its natural con clusion, and we, the guests, would speedily go home to bed, and most certainly to sleep. No one had said anything very remarkable; it may be that no one had anything very remark able to say. Jones had given us every parti cular of his last hunting adventure in York shire. Mr. Tompkins, of Boston, had ex plained at elaborate length those work ing principles, by the due and careful maintenance of which the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa F6 Railroad not only extended it territory, increased its de partmental influence, and transported live stock without starving them to death before the day of actual delivery, but also had for years succeeded in deceiving those passengers who bought its tickets into the fallacious belief that the corporation aforesaid was really able to transport human life without destroying it. Signer Tombola had endeavored to persuade us, by arguments which we took no trouble to oppose, that the unity of his country in no way resembled the average modern torpedo, carefully planned, constructed with all the skill of the greatest European arsenals, but, when constructed, destined to be directed by feeble hands into a region where it must un doubtedly explode, unseen, unfeared, and uu lieard, into the illimitable wastes of political chaos. It is unnecessary to go into further details. The conversation had assumed proportions which would have bored Prometheus on his rock, which would have driven Tantalus to distraction, and which would have impelled Ixion to seek relaxation in the simple, but in structive, dialogues of Herr Olendorff, rather than submit to the greater evil of listening to our talk. We had sat at our table for hours ; we were bored, we were tired, and nobody showed signs of moviDg. Somebody called for cigars. We all in stinctively looked towards the speaker. Bris bane was a man of five-and- thirty years of age and remarkable for those gifts which chiefly attract the attention of men. He wa3 a strong man. The external proportions of his figure pre sentednothing extraordinary to the common eye, though his size was above the average. He wa3 a little over Bix feet in height, and moderatelv broad in the shoulder; he did not appear to be stout, but, on the other hand, he was certainly not thin; his small head was supported by 'a strong and sinewy neck; his broad muscular hands appeared to possess a peculiar skill in breaking walnuts without the assistance of the ordinary cracker, and, seeing him in profile, one could not help remarking the extraordinary breadth of his sleeves, and the unusual thick ness of his chest, fie was one of those men who are commonly spoken of among men as deceptive; that is to say, that though he looked exceedingly strong he was, in reality, very much stronger than he looked. Of his features I need say little. His head is small, his hair is thin, his eyes are blue, his nose is Large, he has a small moustache, and a square jaw. Everybody knows Brisbane, and when he asked for a cigar everybody looked at hira. "It is a very singular thing," said Brisbane. Everybody stopped talking. Brisbane's voice was not loud, but possessed a peculiar quality of penetrating general conversation, and cutting it like a knife. Everybody listened. .Brisbane, perceiving that he had attracted their general attention, lit his cigar with great equanimity, "It is very singular," he continued, "that thiDg about ghosts. People are always asking whether anybody has seen a ghost. I have." "Bosh! What you? You don't mean to eay so, Brisbane? Well, for a man of his in telligence." A chorus of exclamations greeted Brisbane's remarkable statement. Everybody called for cigars, and Stubbs the butler, suddenly ap peared from the depths of nowhere with "a fresh bottle of dry champagne. The situation was saved ; Brisbane was going to tell a story. I am an old sailor, said Brisbane, and as I have to cross the Atlantic pretty often I have my favorites. Most men have their favorites. I have seen a man wait in a Broadway bar for three-quarters of an hour for a particular car which he liked. I believe the barkeeper made at least one-third of his living by that man's preference. I have a habit of waiting for certain ships when I am obliged to cross that duck-pond. It may be a prejudice, but I was never cheated out of a good passage but once in my life, I remember it very well; it was at warm morning in June, and the Custom-house officials, who were hanging about waiting for a steamer already on her way up from the quarantine, presented a peculiarly hazy and thoughtful appearance. 1. had not much lug gage—I never have. I mingled with the crowd of passengers, porters, and officious individuals in blue coats and brass buttons, who seemed to spring up like mushrooms from the deck of a moored steamer to obtrude their unnecessary services upon t-lie independent passenger, I have often noticed with a certain in terest the spontaneous evolution of thesa fellows. They are not there when you arrive ; five minutes after the pilot has called "Go ahead !" they, or at least their blue coats and brass buttons, have disappeared from deck and gangway as completely as though they had been consigned to that locker which tradition unanimously ascribes to -Davy Jones. But at the moment of starting they are there, clean-shaved, blue-coated, and ravenous for fees. I hastened on board. The Kamtschatka was one of my favorite ship3. I say was, be cause she emphatically no longer is. I cannot conceive of any inducement which could entice me to make another voyage in her. Yes, I know what you are going to say. She is uncommonly clean in the run aft, she has enough bluffing off in the bows to keep her dry, and the lower berths are mo3t of them double. She has a lot of advantages, but I won't cross in her again. Excuse tlia digression. I got on board. I hailed a steward, whose red nose and redder whiskers were equally familiar to me. " One hundred and five, lower berth," said I, in the business-like tone peculiar to men who think no more of crossing the Atlantic than taking a whisky cocktail at down town Delmonico'a. The steward took my portmanteau, great coat, and rng. I shall never forget the ex pression of his face. Not that he turned pale. It is maintained by the most eminent divines that even miracles cannot change the course of • nature. I have no hesitation in saying that he did not turn pale; but, from his expression, I judged that he was either about to shed tears, to sneeze, or to drop my portmanteau. As the latter contained two bottles of par ticularly fine old sherry presented to me for my voyage by my old rriend Snigginson van Pickyns I felt extremely nervous. But the steward did none of these things. 'Well, I'm d d!" said he in a low voice, and led the way. I Eupposed my Hermes, as he led me tn the lower regions, had had a little grog, but I said nothing and followed him; 105 was on the port side, well aft. There was nothing remarkable about the stateroom. The lower, berth, like most of those upon the Kamt schatka, was double. There was plenty of room; there was the usual washing apparatus, calculated to convey an idea of luxury to the mind of a North American} Indian ; there were the usual inefficient racks of brown wood, in which it is more easy to hang a large-sized umbrella than the common tooth-brush of commerce. Upon the unin viting mattresses were carefully folded to gether those blankets winch a great modern humorist has aptly compared to cold buck wheat cakes. Tbe question of towels was left entirely to the imagination. The glass de canters were filled with a transparent liquid faintly tiuged with brown, but from which an odor less faint, but not more pleasing, ascended to the nostrils, like a far off sea-sick reminiscence of oily machinery. Sad-colored curtains halt closed the upper berth. The hazy June daylight shed a faint illumination upon the desolate little scene. Ugh! how I hate that state-room! The steward deposited my traps and looked at me as though he wanted to get away—pro bably in search of more passengers and more fees. It is always a good plan to start in favor with those functionaries, and I accord ingly gave him certain corns there and then. " I'll try and make yer comfortable all I can," he remarked, as lie put the coins in his pocket. Nevertheless, there was a doubtful intonation in his voice which surprised me. Possibly his scale of fees had gone up. and he was not satisfied; but on the whole I was in clined to think that as he himself would nave expressed it, he was "the better for a glass." I was wiong, however, and did the man injustice. Nothing especially worthy of mention oc curred duriDg that day. We left the pier punctually, and it was very pleasant to be fairly under way, for the weathergwas warm ana eultry, and the motion of the steamer prodaced a refreshing breeze. Everybody [knows what the first day at sea is like. People pace the decks and stare at each other, and occa sionally meet acquaintances whom they did Dot know to be on board. There is the usual unceitainty as to whether- the food will be good, bad, or indifferent until the first two meals have put the matter beyond a doubt; tb ere is the usual uncertainty about the weather until the ship is fairly off Eire Island. Tha tables are crowded at first and then suddenly thinned. Pale-faced people spring from their seats and precipitate themselves towards tha door, and each old sailor breathes more freely as his sea-sick neighbor rashes from his side, leaving him plenty of elbow room and an un limited command over the mustard. One passage across the Atlantic is very much like another, and we who cross very often do not make the voyage for the sake of novelty. Whales and icebergs are indeed always objects of interest, but, after all, one whale is very much like another whale, and one rarely sees an iceberg at close quarters. To the majority of us the most delightful moment of the day on board and ocean steamer is when we have taken ourlastturn on deck, have smoked our last cigar, and having succeeded in tiring ourselves, feel at liberty to turn in with a clear con science. On that first night of the voyage I felt particularly lazy, and went to bed in 105 rather earlier thau I usually do. As I turned in I was amazed to sea that I was to have a companion. A portmanteau, very like my own, lay in the opposite corner, and in the upper berth had been deposited a neatly folded rng with a stick and umbrella. I had hoped to be alone, and I was disappointed; but I wondered who my room mate was to be, and I determined to have a look at him. Before 1 had been long in bed he entered. He was, as far as I could see, a very tall man, very thin, very pale, with sandy hair and whisker s, and colorless grey eyes. He had about him, I though, an air of rather dubious fashion; the sort of man you migLt see in Wall-street, without being able to precisely to say what he was doing there—the sort of man who frequents the Cafe Anelais, who always seems to be alone and who drinks champagne; you might meet him on a racecourse, but he would never appear to be doing anything there either. A little over-dre3sed—.1 little odd. There are three or four of this kind on every ocean Bteamer. I made up my mind that I did not care to make his acquain tance, and I went to sleep saying to myself that I would study his habits in order to avoid him. If he rose early I would rise late; if he went to bed late I would go to bed early. I did not care to know him. If you once know people of that kind tcey are always turning up. Poor fellow! I need not have taken the trouble to come to so many decisions about him, for I never saw him again after that first night in 105, (To he continued.) 