OHArTUK 111. " Tlio drying up n Hliiylo taut' lms mot'o •■••••!• I • 0< Inmost Ciuno, tlum idicddlug tours of! goro," • Sho was ii8 good as hor word, By tho next eeonhiy thoy have nil learned to smile upon hor, by tho ond oJ! the third week thoy have nil loarnod to positively court hor society, which la fresh to tho-last degree. Yet still thoy aro a little awkward with hor, and' a little uncer tain as to hor ulterior designs for their wolfaro'. '!• Aa for Mrs. Billy, sho la vory woll pleased wltlr her self so far, and with hor growing rotations with them, and having no special designs In vlow, doos not trouble herself to Invont any. One day, towards tho ond of this llrst eventful throo1 weeks, sho walks Into the schoolroom rather aimlessly to ilnd Margery there and tho children. " You horo, Margery ? Why, what are you doing?" asks'she, She is dressed In a pretty white gown of some soft, warm material, tho days boing still a little chilly, and , Is looking cool, and fresh, and radiant. Margery,1 on the contrary, has a rather crushed appear ance, and Is distinctly warm and openly miserable. ■ " Toaohlng tho ohlldron," sho answers shortly, "Ah?" says Mrs. Daryl, surveying tho hot ohooks of the three with evident surprise, Blanche, It appears to her, Is full of tears; May just bereft of them j Mar gory horsolf seems on the voiy brink of them, " What on oarth are you doing It for?" asks Mrs, Daryl slowly. "Booauso, howover poor thoy may bo, thoy must not grow up. altogether savages," returns Margery with some sharpness. Her Irritation lias not arisen out'of tho presonco of hor sister-in-law, but Is rather dub to an extreme oxhaustion born, of a long and fruitless argument with the twins, who have obstinately de clined to take to heart ,tho fact that twelve and nine make twenty-one. Perhaps Mrs, Daryl grasps the truth of tho situation, because the amiability of her de meanour Is undiminished as she sinks into a chair by the table and settles.horaolf, Parisian robe and all, to business, ; " Hero I Give one of them to mo," she says, briskly. " To loach 1" asks Meg, aghast. " To try,ancl knock something into her brain, It's the same thing, oh ? llut to judge by you 1 should say it was no mean task. Give mo Blanche. I expect sho knows considerably more than I do, but •with the help of a book I'll go in and win.'' " Oh, no I Indood you mustn't, You haven't an idea what a worry it is. Billy, won't like you to do it, says Margery, anxiously. " Billy,always likes just what I like." ....... " You will hate it." " If 1 do I'll stop," says Mrs. Billy importurbably. And, Margery,conquered, passes her over Blanche, and once more'returns to ,tlie. disturbed argument with: May. s. Five, ten, twenty minutes go by, with only a dismal sob or two, and a dull monotone, or perhaps, a dismal blowing of tho nose to break their desp serenity. Then suddonly, all at . onco, as it wore, an awful dis turbance takes place. Mrs. Billy has, without a moment's warning flung her book into tho fireplace, and has risen impetuously to, lior feot. Her fine, eyes are flashing, her cheeks crimson. •. V She. ought to .be killod—that child 1" sho • cries, pointing to the terrified .May, «,« She , ought to bo ex terminated before tho world is made , aware of her. She has no more brain than a—a fly." ; " May.l" exclaims Margery, glancing reproachfully at the trembling, culprit. . Then some inward force compels her, to defend tho little sister who is staring at , her. imploringly with quivering lips. " Usually.she is, a very good child," she says, holding out her hand,to , May. ■ ' - •'*( " Good, good I" erloa Mra, Duryt, indignantly. "Thau toll mo, will you, why It ia who will puraiat In bounding Ishirapo on tlio north by tlio Modltorrnnann Bon'} I warn you alio id dnnyoroua, Sho would turn tho world upaldo down 1" Tlion in n moiuont tho nngor viiuiahoa, and alio IICLb hor handa to lior houd, and braaka Into a fit of tlio gayoat, tho moat unoontrollablo laughtor, >• i " I wondor when I waa lu a paaaion boforo'," alio aaya; ! " How it raliovoa 0110, Tho worat <of it ia it dooan't laat long onough with mo ; 1 don't got tho good out oi! it, ..lb ovaporatoa bo Co ro I'm dono with' it. Say; ohildron, wouldn't you like a run ? 1 It'a a moat bioaaod aftornoon. It'a a poaltlvo aln to bo, Indoora, I tlilnk, And as Cor Muropb, I don't qulto eoo that I ahould ory ovot* it, ovon if tho Moditorranoan did alt on ita hand," "1 suppoab' thoy ought to got through tho loaaona thoy havo proparod," bogltia Margory, doubtfully, " So thoy havo j ovory iono of thorn, booauso thoy havon't proparod any, And from tliia hour out I fanoy I know what 'we'll do, Our tompora wouldn't1 laat through muoli of thla aort of thing—"rapping tho iosson booka—" ao we'll juat pay aomo poor aoul to loao' hor tompor for ua," • i i " You moan-—" • • " I moan a govornoss," ' " You must not think of thnt," orlos Margory, color ing hotly. " Wo must 'not put you to that oxponso. My timo is my own j J have literally nothing to do," " Quito oa it should bo with a pretty girl," interrupts Mrs, Daryl, quickly, "Ah I experience has taught mo that," • ".With so• muoh timo on my hands?" persists Mar gory, I fool I can do nothing bettor "than toach.the children and——" " Loam to ourse fato," interposes Mrs. Daryl, with her merry laugh. "Not a bit-of it I Not while I'm hero I A governess it shall bo, and the ohildron, believe mo, will loarn as muoh from hor in oho month as thoy do from you in six. We'll got an old maid, and make hor vory oomfortnblo, poor thing 7 «• But— "Not a word. Do you think I could sit still,' or go out riding, and know you were ruining your constitu tion with »suoli soonos as I have just gone through ? Tut 1 What do you tako mo for ? Coroo," changing hor tono again as If' tho subjoct ds over and dono with for over, " I want you to show mo tho rooms in tho ivost wing. Thoy aro all out of ordor, Billy says ; but that's what 1 like, it give one scope for one's imagina tion. It permits one to give the roins to ono's own taste in the matter of paint and gimcracks. Oomo 1 i Sho slips hor arm through Margery's, and tho girl goes with her a step or two. ' There is indeed no gain saying her. Then all' at once Margory stops as if to argue tho point anew, and Mrs, Daryl, glancing at hor, sees that her oyes are full of unshed tears. " Too much geography, grammar, and sums, nnd far too little gratitude," thinks she swiftly. 1 " Pondering on the children still,'' she says smiling. Then shegiances back over her shoulder at^the twins iwho are sitting disconsolately in their seats, chilled by the consciousness of having signally disgraced them fselves in the late encounter. ' ' % .* • i " Get on your fret you two," she commands gully,: ;" and pickme a bunch of daffodils for.my. room, > And; I'll tell you what," beckoning them closer to her.: '" From this day you shall have a whole month of pure ;and lovely idleness whilst I look north and south and oast and west for. the dragon I'm preparing for you." ! ■ She laughs so pleasantly at this threat that the twins j'catch the infection of her mirth and laugh too, and are1 iindoed so delighted, with her and tho promised emanci ijpation from the hated studies that their equanimity is Jquite .restored, - Gan she, does she mean it ? A month, 'mind you.-' A whole long splondid month of delicious Idleness, with nothing on earth to do but to hunt at jwill the wily butterfly I ; Oh! what an angel in dis guise thc.ir enemy'has become. > , . . . . ; , 'I'hoy rise from their .seats; Sirhultancously, involun tarily they clasp hands. They draw near. 1 " Is it true ?" ory they in one breath. I " As true as that you are1 both the very ^prettiest pair of. dunces 1" 5 i Mrs, Billy, having given voice to this meditated assur ance,; draws back, and, pirovidentially in -time, supports herself against the ancient book-case that for genera tlotia has shown Itself pvoot nyuln.st th,, slaughts. Tills enables lioi- to reoolvo thost,?^ small bod las lluny convulsively and upon hoi' broast, with ut least a show 0! vnlo,. <• Oh I" gasps May, hysterically, elli,^ wasn't lb ft good thing tot' us that till J'°» itwntofj J " .If light, howovor Ignominious, iucmi mc;." Mrs, Billy, " so hove goes I" ■ Sho toars herself away from tho gratct^ tvl hoI'/os Margary's wrist, and with her C5c%,ia.j ooolor hall outsldo, " Now oorno unci show mo tho uiiIhWjIMi^.i rooms whoro tho ghosts walk," alio saysgallj-,^,^ up tho boattblful old stalroaso two stops at n time.' " Only thoro Isn't anything so decent n? o returns Margory, following hor swiftly, " . It ? It Is just tho sort of rambling old toncrasntii should possess a gontloman with his head tuclo), bonoath his arm. But alas, ho hits never tnn»i] * Moan of him, ! oall It." f In truth, It is a vory ploturuscpio old immioiuV sadly out of repair, with a ciuoor, dusbyhall.o(I dimensions. A hall full of nnclont cuplmrdi, 1 big Ilraplaoo'whoro tho traditionary ox might huh i'oas reel whole—almost. Tho nanntelplocc mo iy vory J colling, whloh Is vaultod, and both ate «.> t with ago that it is Impossible at a Hist glance to; I out and piooo togothor proporly the wtvta former, I Doors loncl off this halt to right ami kft.ar,! long corridors shroudod by moth-eaten curtaini dimly suggested. Mrs, Billy is openly ptej, everything. Standing on tho top of the .|uai-s, ease, ns broad as it is shallow in steps,she look!] into tho gloom beneath her, and seems enrapture!, ; "It only wants a word hero, a touch there,"I murmurs, casting a gtanco full of artistic npprra-: around. "A prince might bo proud of such a hi that." , « It wants considerably more than a touch,": Margery, who after all is ncctistonrcd to the tarn it, and is not carried away by Its ehnrm, To her chairs, tho autlors, tiro tables arc nil only ;o: lumber ; and, indeed, tho outiro furniture thm.l the house is old, not to say crumbly, ; . ""Woll, it shall hava It," answers Mrs. Ibryl. worthy of all cava and consideration," She trrrnj,i .they continue their way, peering into this wcj ing into that, to tlnd them all dilapidated and shin decorations of all sorts, and Ilnance3 of the Iirri generations having been found very insufficient * applied to the keeping up of so largo u house. 1 Daryls for tho past two centuries had rrpparcntht.d 'for tbeir motto, " Lovo attd the world rvdl K ,J beautiful wives bringing nothing but their fair h (nnd a stainless ancestry to tho empty cotf-rs >'f nj husbands. It had not been Billy's fault that tej 'been false to the creed of iris ancestors. Jiehnlhj .and wooed and won his sweetheart when shewn®1' 'out a penny in the world; and doe3 not, hec.u. could not, lovo her a whit tho more to-day in1 is an heiress to a rather fabulorrs extent. " Take care I" ciies Margoiy, suddenly s ^ jleads down into this room, It takes one unirw irule, But I want you to sco this room 11 others. The viow from it is so perfect, andt . ; SO quflint,. " Oh !" cries Mrs. J3illy as she stops into it,"® ! fid miration in her tono that loaves nothing to sired,, "What a jolly iittlo room." Sho lo^' heiv " Quite n medimval little atl'dir, ft is a trifii miich for me I confess, but you "—glnnc'iK® ; kindly—'I yOU uko ej] /» \- Liko it 1 Jt is an ideal thing-n rug?*1 f*: cries Margery. Then sho checks herself, a®"'0 :a ,P}sv.zlcd way at her sister-in-law. '• loti*'*' 'such a fino appreciation of the reall.vgood,"'1.1"' ;disparage it?" she asks slowly, "1 tlmus®01" •last night as a thing just suited for yon, ass®'1* '—a retreat—a pet placo to receive your i;|U,rl ^ .was a matter of covetousness to myself f"111' but you see it would bo thrown away ( 'abio adornments. Everything should tee' ■time." ■ ■ ■ ■ , I "Except its mistress," interrupts Mrs.^ I a light laugh. "That's the flow h> " i testhetio run of thought. We cant Pw ohatolalno, Wo can't bring back n damo, aovoroly Hftxon, artistically pure, from tho nauseous grave. And nil' tho high art gowns In tho world don't saom to mo to do it, Ono can aoo tho ninotoontli oontury tnilnlng all through tho pull's and wlga, and poualva poaoa," : . . " you nro a aooptlo," aaya Margery, laughing, " A PhtHatlno, you moan. In aomo ways, yoa. Mx nggoratlon, don't you soo, la odious to mo." J.ioro alio laugha gaily In unison with hor aompahlon. " Toll you what Mag," alio says, tbla roomahall bo yours. I'll havo It idono upfor you, and youi'shall ohooso ovory atlok i'or yoursolf, You aro Mlaa Dnryl, you aoo, and propor roapoot must bo shown you, Tho aohoolroom "'will clo for tho children woll onough. It la comfort. ablOji and tlioro la something quaint about the tabloa and ohalr'a, 'and tho very Ink stains of It, But tho boys I think, should liava a don of tholr own. Of their vary I own, oh? A sort of a snuggery whoro tlioy might knook around at will, and no ono havo tho right to saold thorn for untldyrioss, oh ?" Tlioro la aomotlilng remarkably oh'oory In tho way alio haa of saying that froquont "oh?" Sotno thought growing within tho mind of Margory roudora hor dumb. "Well? Why don't you speak, oh ? And why do you look at mo Uko that? with sit oh solemn oyos I'' "I was just thinking," tho words doming from :hor slowly, " That thoro arc fow women who oould have come tis mistress to a strange houso and havo adopted ;an unconscionable number of useless people ; In the sweet spirit that you have dono I—Why what aro we to you?" cries the girl, coming more Into the sunlight and spreading out her hands as If in protest. Anon cumbrnnoe, a worry, beings of no moment at all In the life that is just beginning for you, Yet It soems as though you had made up your mind to us—to " " Look here 1 If you only knew 1" interposes Mrs. • Billy. She seats herself with very rash promptness upon a moth devoured soat In one of tho windows, and pulls the girl down bosidchor. There Is a secret nobility about'this seat In that though it. totters to Its fall, it makes one last oifort and manages to keep orect for still another half-hour. How oould It upset so oharm-; ing a cargo ? " Don't you got it into your silly old noddle," says Mrs, Billy, who takes no thought for her language, 41 that I'm making sacrifice for my husband's people, or anything of that sort, It would be a downright fraud if you brought your mind to that. I'm delighted, glnd, thankful- to have you all here. Taken that all in eh ? Delighted—see ? I have been so long loft alone, with only two old frowsy people to stare at day after day—fossils who were always on tho very brink of tho' grave, but who wouldn't go into it—that tho sound of tho laughter that comes from, all you boys and girls is, I . consider, grand : the very sweetest music. Taken all' that in ? ■ "Why, that's right." ".But—to be never alone with Billy——" " ■ 1,4 There isn't a 4 but ' in the .whole1 of it. I defy you to find one, my good child," interrupts this, onergetio. young woman, promptly, 44 If you think I'm the sort to bo miserable unless,-my husband is in my. Bight- all. day or I in his you've made a mistake that's all. I!m not of the sickly sentimental order by .any means Yet," glancing swiftly at Margery, 44 you'know that I love Billy with all my heart and soul, eh ?" 44iYes," gravely. 44Iknowit." '■■■ " I should,-you- know. Ho rescued moifrom a very slough of despond. He was the first bright' thing .-'.I had come in icontaat with, l oan5 tell you I rubbed ,!. myself.against him vigorously, and sparks was the re Bult 1 - Ho was. charming to mo, he -treated -me as though I were. really. a young. girl, and - not a mere < beast of burden—a sort of .superior upper servant—a being a degree better than Martha in that 1 did not misplace my h's, and could sit in a drawing-room with out looking awkward. -He - oatne. He loved me j .-poor , dependant as I was. And-he is one of you I Do 1 not owe you dove- for his love ?" " "'Your life was miserable y'-V-'asks'■ Margery, bonding' ..eagerly- towards,her. . . . " Monotony is the worst -of -all; miseries to, some, unatures. They were not absolutely unkind, but I felt 1 cribb'd, cabin'd, cohfin'd ' every moment of my day.' Oh 1 the horrible readings aloud to that old - man untii my throat waa sovo I fcho otornal winding oC bhnb old woman's skolnN I I wonder I novor gavo way to my Innor promptings—that 1 abBtalnod from murder or BiUoldc j I was almost at tho and of my patlonao £ onti toll youiwhon fWtlly cinrtia upon tho saono, Wall, you know all that," And ho lovod mo at onoo, somehow t (ill'In a momont as it woro—just as I lovod him," "'l'hat Is tho true way." • .M 1'ob—Isn't,It ?, What a.nloo girl you aro, Margary I —And .£ hadn't a slnglo lial£«pontiy then, bo ho must liavo moant all ;ho aald, oh 1 ,X Ilka to dwell on that j It mnkos trio fool right down proud/'somohowj bnb you musn't mind mo. Thon tho old Gonoral died, and somobody found out 1 was hla near oat of skin—kin—> what la It? And all at onoo I booamo not ;.6nly an' iholross, but ah onormous ono," "Not bo very enormous," says Mog, smiling and pointing maanlugly to tho little rounded thing talking so fluently, •: I "Mb? oh, no I Of oourso not In that way. It. was nil lilco n fairy tale, wasn't It now ? Tho night; it :wns Anally sottlad and my olulm to tho mouoy ostabllshod ^yond n doubt I laughod in my bod I onn toll y0u when I thought of how aomfortnblo I aould make my Billy." • - " Thon 7" " Thon wo got married, I quitted for ovor tho shade 1 rushed liqndlong Into tho sunshlno, Billy and I dawdlodabout a good donl in Paris and Brussols, but the llrst glimpse of homo I had evor had In all my llfo was on tho night I arrived lioro." Involuntarily, at this, Margery wlneos, but evidently thoro Is no awloro 2)ti;ntiu In Mrs. Billy's conversation. " You all met me, You are, therefore, bound up In my first Impression of what home means. You were a continuation of the sunshlno that had oomo to me with Billy. This old house, all of you, everything, seems blended Into one sweet satisfactory whole. - I oouldn't boar to.bo in an empty, house. To confess. a.truth; to you," says , Mrs, Dnryl, bonding forward, " I lovo noise I Taken all .that to heart ?" , ,, \ "Yas, all," repllos Margery, earnestly. " Then It only remains for you to take mo there, too 1" says Mrs. Billy smiling, Margery, driven to a sudden Impulse, turns to her and flings lrnr arms round .her, . ; (To he continued) ' 