That Scamp Todd. BY MARGARET EYTINGE. He was 13 years old and small for his age, but by no means delicate. On the contrary, he was as sturdy a chap as ever looked out of a pair of mischievous blue eyes from under a most rebellious crop of curly golden-brown hair. His name was Robert—shortened by relations and friends to Bob—Todd, and he was in the employment of the great dry goods firm, Harn, Tell, & Prince. He was engaged as a general helper, but got into so many scrapes and entanglements that the majority of his superiors voted him a general nuisance, and he was threatened with dismissal once at least on every one of the six working days. Such a boy for tumbling down stairs, and bursting and scattering the contents of the boxes with which he had been severely enjoined to be specially careful — such a boy for going out of his way to stumble over things and into holes—such a boy for stopping when sent on errands to double-shuffle and heel- and-toe it to the lively tune of every hand-organ he met— such a boy for bumping his forehead, barking his shins, hitting his funny bones, acquiring black eyes, cutting his fingers, sneezing at inopportune moments, forgetting what he should have remembered, and remembering what lie should have forgotten, surely never lived before and probably never will live again. No one ever thought of speaking of him—I mean no one in the establishment where he was supposed to work—as Robert, Bob, or Todd, but it was always "that scamp Todd." And yet, in spite of his numerous shortcomings, nobody remained angry with him long. He was so ready to acknowledge his faults, and so very sorry for the many vexatious mistakes he made, and had such a really contrite and "I will do better" expression in his expressive face when begging for another trial, that he had kept on getting another trial ever since he made his first appearance as general helper (just after his 12th birthday) and the threat of discharge had never been carried out. I make a mistake. It was once. That week Bob had been uncommonly trying and had wound up on Saturday by suddenly darting, loaded with parcels, from a dark corner directly in the way of a stout customer from the West, in consequence of which proceeding the stout customer measured his length upon the floor, with the parcels upon his head and the parcel carrier across his back. What that Western man said when, shaking off both boy and parcels, he regained his feet, worlds could not induce me to repeat. Suffice it to say that the surrounding air was blue with strange swear-words for five minutes thereafter and that the scamp Todd, summoned to headquarters, was paid his week's wages and immediately sent adrift. Bright and early the following Monday morning a lad came briskly into the Superintendent's office. He was as neat as neatness itself. He carried his hat in his hand, and his face beamed with the pride of conscious virtue. "I hear, sir," he said in a respectful voice, "that you were obliged to fire out your generally useful boy last Saturday for being so awkward as to upset a strange gent, and I should like very much indeed to have his place. I've had experience in the business, and I'll promise not to spill anybody on the floor, and to endeavor to promote the interests of the firm in every way I can." The Superintendent burst out laughing. "Go along to your work," he said. The new boy was the old boy—that scamp Todd. And yet this intensely respectful youth, before the day was over, had replied to some question addressed to him by the dignified senior member of the house with, "I'll be blowed if I know, sir." But with all his faults there was one thing Bob was not. He was not talkative. Not that he would have found anyone disposed to talk with him if he had been, with the single exception of the porter, a good-natured German who often shared an abundant lunch with him and discoursed meanwhile of Gretchen, Nina, Peter and others of the Seiger family. But not a word of his own family did the boy say in return for these confidences, and so Seiger knew no more of him and his belongings than did anyone else. To tell the truth no one in that busy place had ever thought of him as having any belongings, or in any way at all save as that scamp Todd, until December 23, 1883, when a clerk on the floor level with the street, who was calling out some numbers in a monotonous tone from a big book which lay on the desk before him, said numbers being repeated in an equally monotonous tone as fast as they were called by a fellow-clerk who stood some distance from him, became suddenly aware of a strange presence—as they say in the ghost stories—and lifting his eyes saw the prettiest girl be had ever seen in all his twenty-five years standing before him. "I beg pardon," he stammered, snatching off his hat and reaching for his coat, "can I do anything for you ?" By this time the repeater, thinking he had waited long enough for the next number, shouted, "Why the dev—," and then raising his eyes, also saw the prettiest of young women, and also snatched off his hat and reached for his coat. The girl's sweet face grew rosy as a summer dawn. "I would like," she said in low, faltering tones, "to see Robert Todd. He is my brother. I should not have come had it not been something very important." "Oh ! I'm sure you're extremely welcome," began the first enumerator. "That is, it doesn't make any difference. I should say—Hey, Seiger," he broke off to call to the porter, who happened to be going by, "tell that scam—I mean tell Robert Todd his sister would like to see him." "Robert," said the porter wonderingly, as the second enumerator brought forward a chair, which the lovely apparition accepted with a musical "Thank you." "Yes, Robert Todd. Don't you know ? Our boy." "Ya, ya," said Seiger. " Robairt Tott. I fetch him." And away he trotted, with a comical twinkle in his small grey eyes and a backward glance at Robairt's sister. I can't imagine how it got all over that large establishment in a few moments that that scamp Todd had a grown up-sister ; that she was distractingly pretty, and that she had come to see him, and was waiting in the enumerators' room ; but it did, and almost every young fellow employed there managed to get down stairs—it being lunch time—and take a peep at her. "Who would have thought of a Miss Todd," said Brooke, "being not only pretty but decidedly charming ?" "Great Scott" was Wheat's irrelevant reply, "what hair and eyes she has. Looks something like that sca—I mean like Bob, too." "Poor thing!" exclaimed Gibson. "She seems to be very poorly clad for such a cold day." "That's so," said Brooke. "That jacket looks like a summer jacket, and makes a fellow feel ashamed of having an overcoat." As for the enumerators, one of them called out "18" when he should have called something away up in the hundreds, and the other repeated "18" in an idiotic manner when he must have known better, and just then, as Bob walked with his sister to the door, Mr Prince, the junior and bachelor member of the firm—and very fine-looking he was, too—came down on tbe elevator, and the young men disappeared as suddenly as they had appeared. Bob was very much astonished that evening when, as he was leaving the store, Brooke hailed him with : "Hold on, Bob ; I'm going your way." "Thought you lived t'other side of the city," said Bob. "I do, but I have a commission to execute in your neighborhood," answered the unblushing untruther, " at a store round the corner from where you live." And he and the unsuspecting Bob went off together. The next morning Brooke had had scarcely time to don his working jacket when his chums surrounded him and inundated him with questions. "For heaven's sake, give me time,'' said he, "and I'll tell you all I know. They live in an old ramshackle building that was once some kind of a factory, but has been turned into a cheap tenement house. There's an old father so badly crippled that he hasn't walked for five years ; a middle-aged mother who nurses him and also nurses her mother, who is bedridden. Vienna—that's her name—isn't it queer? —and that scamp—I mean Bob—earn all the money the family have. She's a dressmaker. And the Lord only knows how they manage to get along at all." "How, in thunder, did you find that out ?" asked Wheat. " You've got a good deal of cheek—in fact, I don't know any fellow that's got more—but I don't believe even you have quite enough to walk into a house and demand information of people about themselves." "Oh! he pumped Todd," asserted Gibson. "Didn't," denied Brooke. "Tried to, but it was no go. Got it all at the corner grocery. The clerk there—confound him for a lisping weak-eyed, conceited donkey —told it to me on the slightest provocation while I bought a box of figs. ' I'm all broke up on the young lady mythelf,' he said, 'though she ith rather proud and don't theem to care about making frendths.' Now, my friends and fellow- countrymen, here's a chance for our doing something really Christmasy in the fine old Dickens style." "That's so," said Wheat, "and we can do it capitally through that—through her brother." "We'll make up a puree for her—I mean for them," said Maury, "and give it to him Christmas Eve." "I'll contribute a warm cloak," said Gibson. " I thought of that summer jacket half the night." The others burst out laughing. "How could you present Todd with a girl's cloak ?" they asked. "You're right," said Gibson, and then added hastily, "Here comes Harn. Scatter !" And they scattered. A short time after these generous resolutions had been made in his behalf, Bob was wanted but could not be found, for the very good reason that he was snugly hidden away in a corner of the loft with a board on his knees, on which lay a sheet of paper, and an inkstand, which had also been found wanting, on the floor at his side. Bob was writing a letter, a very unusual proceeding for him, if one might judge by the time it took and the pains it cost him. When at last it was finished he read it aloud, with several "asides," and it and the "asides" ran as follows :— New York. December 23, 1883 "Mr S. A. Prince (he's the youngest, and looks the generousest, besides he's a prince, and its seems kinder right for princes to be good Christians). "DEAR SIR,—I'me the boy what works here—Robert Todd. You've seen me, but never spoke to me ('cept be told me to git out of the way onst.) I like your looks verry mutch. You look good. That is the reason I'me writin' this letter to you. I have a verry nice sister that wants to go to my ant Susen's to receave calls on New Year's day, but she has no dress. Won't you ask the firm to give me one to give her for her Christmas and let me work it out ? They can keep what they was agoin' to give me to'rd payin' for it. Then she can get it done in time. Shese a reel smart girl and just as pretty's though she had a million dresses. I wish you a merry Christmas and a happy New Year. (That's high pie !) Very respectfullv, ROBERT TODD. P.S.—A erly anser ernestly requested. She takes 12 yards." This important document being addressed and dropped into the letter-box, the writer hurried back to his duties, expecting to be met with a sharp reprimand for his absence, but greatly to his surprise Brooke only said, "Try to be around when you're wanted, Bob." That very evening a package directed to "Master Robert Todd" was handed to him by the porter. And the boy's eyes fairly danced in his head when, tearing off a corner of the paper covering, he saw a roll of the finest blue cashmere. Home he rushed, and bursting into the room where his sister sat, he flung it into her lap with, "Here's your Christmas, Vi, from your lovin' brother, Bob. Mr Prince got it for me on time. But how did he know blue would suit you best? I didn't say nothin' 'bout no blue. An' now you can go to Aunt Sue's, and won't you be in ecstacy ? And ain't I a lucky boy ?" "Lucky ?" He thought so with redoubled force the next evening, when the clerks, represented by Burke, presented him with a pocket-book containing 22 dollars in crisp, new hills, as "a slight testimonial of their regard for him and their appreciation of his strict attention to business and exemplary conduct during the past year." And he thought so still more when Seiger handed him an envelope inclosing "a fiver," as he called it, from his employers. "But they oughter have kep' this," he said to himself the next moment, and Mr Prince passing just then he ran after him. "Mr Prince ! Mr Prince ! This was to be kep'," he began, holding out the greenback, but the junior interrupted him : "That's all right, my boy. We'll settle the affair you refer to next year. By the by, I find that your father was bookkeeper in the house I was with when I was two or three years older than you. Perhaps I shall call upon him some day." "I guess he'll be glad to see you," said Bob in a subdued tone, being quite overwhelmed by the proposed honor, though we don't live in no style—" But Mr Prince was gone before he finished his sentence. Christmas came and went and left the Todd family a pleasant memory. The old year was fast drawing to an end ; in fact, it had reached its last 5 p.m.. when Brooke called Bob and asked him in an off hand manner: "Do you receive calls at your house to-morrow ?" "No," replied Bob, " but we receive 'em at Aunt Susan's." "And ain't you going to ask us to call on you and your Aunt Susan ?" said Wheat insinuatingly. "Certainly. Of course. To be sure," Bob replied, inwardly taking himself to task for not inviting them before, after their great kindness to him, and secretly exulting in anticipation of his sister's appearance in the new dress. "There's the place," and he handed one of the young men a card, on which was printed, "Mrs Susan Briggs, dressmaker, 118, Blank-street." "I'll be there sure," he added, as he started for home. "Do. We'd feel awfully if we didn't find you," said Brooke. Early in the afternoon of the first day of the New Year five young men stood at the door of an old-fashioned two-storey and attic brick house on Blank street, and were quickly admitted by the smiling youngster once known to them only as "that scamp Todd." By him they were ushered into a neat parlor where a pretty woman and a bewitching girl—the latter in a blue cashmere dress with lilies of the valley on her breast and in her golden hair —came forward to greet them. "These are the fellows—I mean the gentlemen," said Bob, "who've beet so good to me," and he proceeded to introduce them one by one. "We are very happy to make your acquaintance," said Mrs Susan Briggs and Miss Vienna Todd together. "Not half as happy as we are to make yours," began Brooke in a light and airy manner, and then happening to glance in the back room—the folding doors being partly open—he stopped suddenly. "No, indeed," then began one of the enumerators, also in a light and airy manner, and glancing also in the same direction added lamely : "It's a very fine day, isn't it ?" And the other young men glanced too, and immediately became serious and dignified. They all recovered their spirits, however, before they left, and chatted merrily with their fair hostesses while discussing the excellent coffee and sandwiches and home-made cake, which comprised when the list of refreshments. And when they took leave Wheat laid his hand upon Bob's curly head and said solemnly : "Bless you, my boy, bless you," which solemn proceeding, however, did not prevent them shouting with laughter as soon as they had turned the corner. All but the second enumerator, and he said with long-drawn face : "Ah ! there." In the back room sat an old man in a wheel-chair, and by his side sat Mr Prince, wearing a button-hole bouquet of lilies of the valley. Bob never paid for that blue cashmere dress for Vienna—the lovely, golden-haired, sweet-tempered, bright Vienna, becoming a member of the firm soon after her first appearance in it, graciously forgave him the debt. 