EChLOES OF MELBOURNE. [Br TuE GloST.] The efforts to keep small-pox and cholera from becoming acclimsatised in Australasia have up to the present been crowned with complete success. But other " institutions" peculiar to the old world have found a congenial habitat in our midst. There is, for instance, a periodically recurring time known as " the silly season," when Parlia. ment ceases from troubling and legislators are at rest, and a kind of hybernating pro cess appears to be in progress, leaving the chroniclers of passing events nothing to chronicle, and fairly gravelling Press scribes for lack of matter. Through one of these phases in her history Victoria is now passing. Neither political nor social questions are to the fore, and it is doubt less owing to this state of affairs that we owe the two or three unimportant meet ings held in the colony to uphold Mr'. Glad stone's scheme for granting Home Rule to Ireland. Enjoying the right of self-govern nout ourselves, it is perhaps only in accordance with "the etornal fitness of things" that we should desire to see the boon extended to others, and in this aspect our interference by an unasked expression of opinion is perhaps excusable. And if the autonomy claimed by Ireland were of the kind in vogue in the constitutionally governed colonies of Australasia, there should assuredly be very little difficulty in meeting the wishes of Mr. Parnell and his followers. But Ireland is desirous of obtaining something more, and evidently aims at realising the happy state the American candidate favoured when there should be "everything foreverybody, and no taxes." Sympathy and sentiment are all very well in their proper places and at right times; but just now Australasia has quite enough to do in minding her own business, and endeavouring to keep the Foreign and Colonial Offices from barter ing away her heritage to Germany and France, and entering into free trade reci procity treaties in regard to tho islands of the Pacific, the scope and effect of which the home officials know nothing about. Mr. Duncan Gillies is nothing if not reticent. In regard to the lats meeting of Premiers held in Sydney, the honour able gentleman is as mute as the Sphinx. The most astute Press interviewers have failed in worming any information of even the most meagre kind of the result of the conference with Admiral Tryon. Why there should be so much foolish mystery in regard to the matter it is hard to say. The gallant officer in command of the Imperial squadron in Australian waters made no secret of the course lie desired to see adopted, and assuredly the public, who will be called upon to defray the cost of the naval defences of these southern colonies, are entitled to the earliest possible infor mation on the subject. The mission under taken by the Victorian Premier was a public one, carried out at the expense of the colony, and the mystery in which it is sought to enshroud the meeting of Premiers is therefore quite uncealled for. f "For ways that are dark" it is not only " the Heathen Chines" that is "peculiar." I If, as is generally surmised,thc proposition is regard to maintaining an Imperial fleet in Australian waters is of a kind likely to prove distasteful, the sooner the people 1 are afforded the opportunity of expressing an opinion, the easier will be the task of the Government when Parliament has to be faced. The attitude of extreme 1 reticence observed by the leader of thes Ministry is therfore a tactical mistake. Mr. 1 Service would not have fallen into a similar error. He would at the earliest I possible moment have taken the public 1 into his confidence. The present Vie- < torian Premier sadly lacks the tact of his I predecessor. The Age has been once more endeavour ing to raise is Russian " scare." A detailed account of the proceedings of the Russian war steamer Vestnik, that for nearly 1 a month his been located in Hobson's Bay, I has been published, and the Czar's officers 1 accused of making a survey ofthebatteries 1 at Point Franklyn and the South Channel fort, just prior to leaving our harbour. Enquiries instituted "by authority" have, however, put a different complexion on the I proceedings of " the enemy." 'flhe sup posed "surveying party" was simply a rabbit shooting expedition headed by a lieutenant of one of our own gunboats, who was engaged in the friendly duty of pilot ing the stranger out of Victorian waters, and the "theodolite and sextants" " airy nothings" born of the fertile imagination of the metropolitan journal's own reporter. But although the olficial report of -the pro ceedings of the Russian man-of-war is to a certain extent calculated to allay alarm, people will be inclined to think that' it hardly comports with the duty of a British naval officer that he should lat a possible enemy know how easily a landing' from boats can be effected on the shores of Ilobson's Bay. The information will, no doubt, be turned to profitable account by the Czar's officers if over the timeocomes when they desire to effect a landing for any more dire purpose than shooting rabbits. The news of the latest act of the Glad stone Ministry in reference to the Pacific has everywhere provoked hostile comments. The English Premier has made important concessions to Germany, and obtained absolutely nothing in return. It is felt that there ought to have been snmeo quid pro quo for allowing the Solomon Islands to be annexed by tbb German Empire. The opportunity has, however, been allowed to pass and another muddle made by the Colonial Office. Surely the arrange ment for allowing more annexation to take place in the Pacific should not have been entered into without consulting the Aus tralian colonies, and in view of the way in which the mother country has aeted in re gard to the Solomon group, people are beginning to ask themselves whether the aipparent and expressed desire of the British, Colonial, and Foreign Office to consider the wishes of the colonies interested before coding the New Hebrides to France is not a sham, and a more protest for delaying the announcement that the Imperial authorities have taken a course at direct variance with the wishes of her Majesty's subjects in this portion of her dominions. After thirty years of hard work, Mr. Justice Molesworth has resigned his seat on the Supreme Court Bench. Anmore up. right, honourable, and learned member of the legal fraternity has never occupied the judgment seat, and the colony will cer tainly never see his like again. The vacant portion has been offered to and accepted by Mr.' Webb, Q.C., erstwhile a member of the fourth estate, wlho,1eginning his colonial career as a reporter on tbie Melbourne Argusnow finds himself elevated to one of the highest positions attainable in the colony. We have let the mother country see at the Colonial Exhibition just opened in Hyde Park what Australasia can do in the way of manufacture and produce, and we are about to offer her an opportunity of witnessing our capabilitiesas defenders of hearths and homes by sending home a teaum of riflemen to compete with the crack shots of the United Kingdom assembled at Wimbledon. The "selection com petitions" are now taking place at tme Williamstown ranges under conditions highly unfavourable in respect to light and weather to high scoring. The ten highest scorers will be selected to proceed to England to uphold the honour of Australasia. As an adver tisement for this part of the world, the presence of an Australasian team of rifle men at Wimbledon must prove of benefit totho colonies. The credit of the idea is due to Victoria, but the other members of the group, including New SouthWaleshave given in their hearty adhesion to the pro ject. It is as well that the world should know that whatever intercolonial jealousies there may be, the soldiers of the various provinces of this fast growing Southern Empire are ready to stand shoulder to shoulder. Hitherto the interior of a Presbyterian place of worship has been about the last place into which a person of wosthetic testes would venture ini search of the Ibeautifuil. To the Rev. Johon Wardrop, MfA., the popular incumbent of the High Chusrchm, Geelong. belongs the credit of being the first to inaugurate a reform in church decoration. Geelong, which has hitherto been looked upon as a colonial hixtia, can nose lay claim to have been the first place to introduce church adornment. It may now ho expected that a neor era in church arcl'itocture has been inauogurated, and that the limo-washed swallo and ceilings of " the good old times " sill he replaced by harmesnisus eolour. There is no reason, why buildinigs devoted to the seoralhip of God should be made so uincomfortobie and dreary looking as possible. Messrs. C. S. lPatterson and Co.. the decorative srtist~s of Collins-street, Melbourne, have rendered a service to all churchugoers by reusovineg the cold, sombre, and ofttimes repuloive appearance of blue edifices in swhicho their devotional exercises ore carried oub. The walls leave been painted a light steoneslouor, while blue predominat. lug eolour of the ceiling is a rics ameber tint. The panels are intersected with Gothic circles, in sehiche bluie, red, and brown are most uestheetically blended, the effect being most harmoniouse. Along the top of the walls runs a most artistic frizes three feet deep, representing a soedisevol entablatuire, ties colouers uised being pale turquioioe. blues, aumber, and neodder. 'rie stonework of the windows is peaked out lio shadee, and finished in a rich stone colour. thse inside of the doorways being relieved by an arelet of mistletoe leaves. Ties wall behuinl blue pulpit is even isore huighuly ens bellishued than the other porte of the buslil log, being paixted in richly tinted ribbons withilhlsoeinated Scripture texte in crimson, gold, white, turqsuoise, and celesthesl bluie. 'Thee ateles have been laish wsith ride reuly. colouresi carpet, Gothic horsier, The 1mn tenior of thee hueisling. swhichl less hitherto isreseiited a severely Calvinisbic aplurar. once, lose now a particuiharly attractive chsarsscter, snul Mseosro. 1Patterson asel their artistic sassistants may fairly be congratee listed on leaving achieved a veritable " poeun in oils." MaysB. -* 