(;n o \v if i; u h '.c v u II l i, a n to ivj \\\i v L A :d y m a j :i3 n :d :i: :ii), AuUtot'oi1 " .Dltiv," " Out al! Mtuli' '.liHuuiuiU," " Slstoi's* ■ la-Law," " Onoo Mow," &oi;, [TllM ill CI U'l" 01' T.UA.NHIjiH'tOK IS llKSMItVlill).] 0IIAI'TJi)It I, " I wonder why there aro so many children In the vvorld; olilldruu tiro tbo greatest abomination In exis tence I" said Boglnald, threading his way through his Innumerable brothers and sisters to the schoolroom flroplaoa, A arntill sister had possession In the boat nrm-ohnir a faded ohlntr, concern, with oars to It, Haggle of course dlalodgod hor, and took possession, while little Lotty, perfectly satisfied of the droits d'aino, made 110 remonstrance, but isquntled on the rug. They woro all thora, Boggle home from OxCord } the beautiful Janet, who enjoyed the privilege of being grown up J Arthur, whoso future fate was not decided, but who was tho tallest, handsomest, and most attract tlvo-looking of tho lads, though all unanimously de clared that ho had inherited S ixon wits with Saxon beauty, and would novor do any good with his brains. Family tradition sticks hard, and It would require some startling notion of gonitis on Arthur's part to shame the pi'VtiiNbtmbo of his reputation. Llttlo Lotty, on tho hoartli-rug, oropt up and leant against his long logs' sure of not bolng rojootod thoro,. oven though she might ba an inoonvonlonoo and always in tho way. Tola, an abbreviation of Ooneroutolu, or the Olndor witoh sat upon tho table ; a llttlo sun-burnt brunette of sovontoon, with curly brown hair and eyas like diamonds j and she had children all about hor, Tommy, Johnnie, Mary, Oilly, Jauk, Eddie I No wonder tho splendid Boggle looked down ou tho .herd with tho outspoken expression of disgust which nobody minded in tho least, ' Janet settled hor hair before tho crnokad old mirror. ■"Well Boggle," she said, '• having called a family council, 'what is tho result ? Are wo not all in com. mittoo ?" • " " You know as well as I do," growled Boggio. " Wo I must rosolvo ourselves into a Committee oE Ways and Moans, Thoro is'somothing up," " Somathlng down you maan," said Tommy, who was scribbling at a "table, " Mother's oyos aro rod." " That is nothing new," said Tola sorrowfully, hug ging the baby. " Don't jaw, said Reggie giving Tommy a little kiok', wliioh extorted a growl of " Shut up—•do-!" " I imagine," said Janet, coming forward, and look ing lovoly, " that the last remaining hope of the family, tho last dinar at tho tenant's dinner, have given notiee to quit,'' . "And like our llrst parents we shall bo reduced to living vaguely on tho fruits of the earth," said Tola. " And how to avert it ?", "By putting our shoulders to the wheel said Arthur P Of course we follows must take whatever work comes in our way." "All very well for -you," said Reggie, rather con temptuously. '"You could ooal-heave, .or anything; but 1, with my education and- " "I back matters versus spirit,", cried Tommy, " After all, a good collier can got his two pounds a week, and that, under the circumstances, might suffice to feed though not to clothe this colossal family. ■There would be tho skins of tho beasts wo could slay, and—;—" " Reggie, said.Janet timidly, " 1 have taken a step already. I liavo put in an advertisement offering my self as a lady help, and 1 have two or tliroo inuswors bore, which .1 kept to opon at our meeting." " So that was the socrct of our daily walks to Flum 'troo -Post Office !" cried Tola. "Quick, Janet do see what they-are about." "II! I lutd known I would novor liavo consented to go with you," sulci Tommy, " oven though mother wont allow tho girls to walk ;to riumtroo, without a man I" "A iriiin I" oi'lod a ohorus of children disdainfully, "Audit Is quite necessary," said Boggle, " 1 halo to see a pack ofi girls walking by thomsolvos lit a town." Especially under tho cilroiimstunooH," sulci Tommy 1 I'ovongofully, " The horlr.ou la darkened with majors at uu approach, us somebody says," " Nonsense Tom," sulci Janet Indignantly, ■ " It lan't nonaonao, only It waa oolomda, not majors and two ol! them.'' " Oh, do abut up," aald Arthur, " and lot'a hoar what thu letters say, I oun't stand tho Idea oC you girls clo« lug anything, I oan toll you," J'auat opened the llrst letter eagerly, and road at 11 rat gaily, at laat faltorlngly !— " Mrs Barker proaonla her compliments to tho young person who advertises for a pluoo us lady's help, and would bo glad to see,her .should she bo likely to stilt, Tho dutlos'rocjulrod wotild'tao jto; attend to, dross, and oduoato six .ohl_ldj;on- under sqtfJjfi,\ In all the ordinary branohea 'i to aaslat'Mi's Bilrker In household duties : to have some knowledge of cooking, and to bo prepared to make horablfqgonoj'aUyi ha'oful, Mrs. Barker would treat Ivor In all rospoota as one of the family, and glvo hor.a small salary aoeordlng to oapablllLlos," " it sounds very hard," said Janot, sighing, " I won dor what she moans by a small salary—forty, fifty.?" "Bight, my dear," said Tola, "You did not see tho postscript, Out of tho question. Try again," Janot oponod anothor. "-Would the young parson who udvartlsos undertake to bo the companion and ludy-holp of a widow, onoo In gontaol olroumstunoos, who has a largo family, and la In woak health. She would offer no salary, as sho con siders that affection and a happy homo would bo com pensation unotigh to ono whom a Christian desire to mnko herself useful actuates. Address Mrs. Prlggs, I'utouy." "Oh I dear I Oh I doar I" sighed Janet. " This will never do, Now for my last hope." 'v, 1 Tho third letter provud to bo only an agent's advcr \somont. " I'm glad of It," said Arthur. ."Nonsotiso, Janet mother would never hoar of such a thing. What could possess you to Imagine It? Lot us bo serious. "You can still havo Uncle Alfred's clerkship I suppose, Hedge I" "1. suppose so," rather sullenly. "Sixty pounds a year, after sending mo to Oxford too, 1 wonder how ho litis tho face I ' " I should'nt despise sixty pounds a year," said Arthur. " I.wish 1 had a chance oE it." " I never said T did displso it, only when ono has been brought up to oxpoot everything to bo so different •" " Hush !" oiled Tola. " Is that not papa calling ?" A stentorian voice rang through the house. " Hoys 1 I say boys I" lllginald rose slowly and wont down stairs, j "Poor boy I it is hard on him,, "said Janet. " I really did think Uncle Alfred would hovo acted1 dif ferently." "I think it was very kind of him," said Tola ; " and after all Haggle's protestntions, it seems that he wants to give up tho only chance any ono of us has had, ex cept Tommy." " Tommy I" •" Yes Tommy, No I don't, frown at me. I did not moan to lot.it out, but as. 1 have, I. will. Tommy has earned ton shillings from tho J-'lnmtrea%Gnsetto," "Well done, Thomas 1" snid Arthur, pulling his brother's curly wig. " And how V" "By my litorary efforts," said Tom, " I have been a contributor to that famous weekly." " How of ton ? Whon ? What do you mean ?" " Ob 1 for over so long. I furnish the epitaphs." " The epitaphs ?" " Haven't you seen them ? So much for unappre ciated genius. Here* is a specimen iproof-shcct" And ho tossed a little slip of paper on to tlio table. Arthur took it up and read it- to an admiring audience :— > i; " Tom Green's dead and gone to dust, • ' Iiis mother fumed, his father cussed j PI ad he known how they'd have fussed, . Tom Green's heart-it-.would have .buat l": " Capital I old follow 1" tit'lod Tola, " Come, thorn's some oiiunoo for us after all, Wo liava a gonitis la our midst, The vory Bight of, hlra Inspires mo I .1 too aotild wrllojin opltnph~ \ t 1 No, no, say not bo, Mrs, Barker ilea bolovvi1■» ' . ',4 f ts U 2 j « ,i 1 1 l/l i 11 Trash I" said Tommy, Tills sort of tiling wanlfl practice, it Is boat to raolthciuiollVwhunfonoUs'lhHlio] hunt our, to pro von t nil strain when the follow wants. ono In a hurry." ... " Woll," f said Jauot, ■ with rathoiva careworn look , coming ovor hor sweet 1'aoo, " 1. .must, go about my business, Wo soom to be doing no good; < audi Itilsf 'ho't2 worth while waiting till Boggle oomosBook," ■ . Arthur followed her to tlio* door, ''"Don't bo down, old girl, lie said kindly, ■■"•'■Something Is sure to turn tip," , ... .v.., v ■ " I, tiovbr hoard 'that anything did turn up fpr: Mr.-, Macavvbor," shu answered quickly.: " At all events It .Is of no uso(folding tine's hands to wait until It doos." He drow back, " I don't want to do that," ,lio said . 'quietly. - • ; "Oh I Arthur, I did not moan anything ) but It doos trllo mo to soo ltogglo with all his splendid talonts and' tills grand education and everything to bo thrown away <on such a paltry employment j and yot, If ho refuses It, iit Is like givingup ' wider.-.prospects' still. .There, ,'1 won't grumble.' And, .drying hor eyes, Janet wont' •off. ■ ..... '..- . -i; Arthur wont'slowly downstairs with his bonds ln-hls pockets," This thoory of Bogglo's splendid talonts— was it oiily, a thoory,7 Ho had bellovod in its impli oity In spito of every'1 successive report, ilrst from school and then from Oxford—either ltegglo was growing too fast for work, poor boy, or lio had an tin"-, fair master, and Boggle could never stand a mnstor ho did not like. Then at Oxford ho had turned out to havo lost all the previous years of his life by having boon so badly taught, Then It was most tunsafo to press on the highly strnlnod intelloot of gonitis j and, finally, Boggle obtained no honors, merely scraped through as hundreds of othors havo done, and oamo homo, beautifully got up in appearance, but with small honor to ,himself, and a gratlllod fooling of self respect, In the bolluf which ho found unshaken in,the breasts of bis family—that his superiority was .un assailable, only that ho had boon unfortunate in his sur roundings. ^ .:.;"V.'.av»r Arthur , had his hand on the handle'of tho ,door'; when his father came out of tho library and stopped his oxl t, .1 > " Here, Arthur, I want you," ho said briefly. The library of Donstone Court was, alas I only now called so by courtesy, as the books wore gone. ' Only tho yawning shelves remained. .It was a flue room, and, like the rest o£ the house, had about it the ghost of departed comfort and luxury. But not a thing had been altered, renewed or added to it for long now, and tho old '.Turkey carpet, respoctablo oven- in its decay," bore many careful patchings, and near the "window ■ had faded out of all pattern and figure. Tho Squire of Donstone looked about as worn avvny. and shabby as his own furniture, He had lot every thing slip helplessly through his fingers. His poverty might at oue time have been grappled -with, but the time had gone by now. The .whole estate, a small one of about eight hundred ouce productive aores, had ■ been starved and neglected. He had been uuwilling to spend mouey on his farm buildings, and had in eon sequence found himself compelled to accept poor and . bad tenants, who took all that could bo got out of ilie soil, and, when the time of agricultural distress began,'■ were the firBt to throw up their holdings. Pror Mr. Donstone got more and more deeply involved, more and moro hopeless j and ho found no help in his wife, who, worn out by the cares of her largo family and the .feeble j>otulance of her lord, had subsided into a mere ' ;household drudge. The sons and daughters might .have boon a comEort individually, but they wore' a .•tremendous incubus en manse. Even the distressed -landlord's panacea for all woes—going abroad to wo-. vtrench—seemed out of tho question, when ■ it' was remembered that twelve railway tickots would ) be wanted,' and twelve beds at hotels, not to speak of the" \- difficulty of letting the 'poor old Court in its present condition of shabbiness ; and had it been possible, it is doubtful whubhor tiio Bqulro would over havo ttindu up li 1m mlud to ho doolslve mi notion. One powerful fflatlet tlioy hud lit tlio Untile Alfred, tlia HuoooBsCull Liverpool merchant', ' who > luid souls' itoglnalii to Oxford, utid whusood'or of u otork's pluoo n his house, at 11 salary of sixty pouvida 11 year, hml , soemodjauolia downfall to all thol r liojVoa, . It was ■on' tho snbjoofc of this offer that Mr. Honstono wantocb lo spoak to his son, , ' " Oomo horo, Arthur," ho spltib ltorvously,? Itjiirid-islb, jdoivn. d. want to.talk.'io you, bub lb ildgots mo bo sou !yoit standing," - ' *;,> , -t >i^jiTou look tlrod, futhor,h said Arthur'kindly,. " 1' am afraid sotnobhlng has wor.rl.od. you." ;"1 am always tlrod and always worried," .said Mr.' .Doiistono Impalloutly, thrusting his hand through his thin grey hair, "bub,.I am qultb usod to It now, tlia'nk" Iloayon,.. It Is roally your mothor'a fault, She clods worry,"so about lt'oggld." ■ ' ' " "•' ' " What about lilra ?" said Arthur, .surprlsod, "Of course tho salary Is not a vary high oua, bub with his tnlonbsihe Is sure to-gat pii', and my unolo will probably: ofl'or'lilra a: partnership." " But ho is not to. havo lb you soo." "Not to liavo lb? Has my unolo rotraotod Ids oflor?" . ^ -| 1 ".Yes, ho has } and In tho thosb unllatborlng manner.; ft Is that that' has so upsot your inothor.'l " I am so sorry," said Arthur forvoritly.; Ills heart failed lilm a llttlo, It sopmod ,iis If. thlsVahnnaa[ 'had booh tho only "ona hold out, and this also had failed, " I always know how lb would bo," said Mr. Don stono quorulously. " llegglo glvos hlmsolf tho airs of a marquis, and dfossos Ilka a dandy, Your unolo, Is a plain man, and, bloss my soul, ho marrlod his 000k, as you know, and oan't bo ox poo tod to bo ti judgo of re finement-. Ho actually wiitcs thdso words Your son Is much too lino a gentleman for mo. I want a olork, not a young swell j and I want a follow who npproolaics tho luolc of getting tho place, hot ono who turns up his noso at everything horo, and soonts tho wholo office with olgnrs. . Bo you may toll lilm I havo changed my mlud. ' If you havo a mora humble minded youth among your sonsi I don't ralud trying him j but not this young oock who orows too loud for my dung-'hllJ, I wui.it a plain honest fellow. I hato your geniuses, If you oau't supply the article, I can 1 iok olsewhoro ; but Betsy would muoh llko a nephew about tho, houso. Your lino gontloman looked upon sixty pounds a year as about onough to keep -lilm.in' t'i cars'; but in that we .ugroo to differ.' -What .an un feeling letter, Arthur," . I um afraid Roggiomust havo offended ddm," said Arthur thoughtfully. " It is just my luck,'-' said Mr. Deustono fretfully, <l .lf I have a sou with brains above tho, ordluaryiHo goes and (lies In tho faoo of providence. Your mother thinks nothing would bo lost by your trying now," ;. . "I wish I might," cried Arthur eagerly,. ■" But 'not if Itoggio < would-;, feel as if I wore supplanting him." " '■ ■. . ■- ■ ■:' ; ■ "No fear of-; that, my good follow,", said his futhor, •rather contemptliousl'y. • "You- hardly look- like .brothers."- ' - ,... Arthur felt this 'was .true enough as f,ir as clothes went, and ho was uncouscious of his superior physical advantages. It is extraordinary how long family do lusious continue. . , At this moment Mrs. Donstonc came in', a little, pale, rather, trembly woman, with a sensitive, pink color coming and going in her thin check. - ' ■ : . " What does Arthur say ?" she says to her husband. . Arthur put his arm'round her tenderly. " There is nothing - Arthur would not do for you,' little mother," lie said,' "and so you may'imagine1 that this opening is bliss indeed, only if Itoggio; does -riot . like it.-" ' . ■ . ■ ■ " Reggie won't mind. ITo thinks it might just do for you," she said, " Ono cannot wonder at -his horror of tho idea after what ho had expected.'' ' ; "All right 1" said Arthur, Then 1 start for In vor rpool to-morrow morning. : I dou't see why I shouldn't I sond you ovary sixpence of the ■ money,, mother- mine,,, I for I shall evidently board with my uncle," v.'1, " Boots, dear,'', said . she, "and clothes, '"You have nothing nice liko my poor, dear, unfortunate Reggie, and you are so big, nothing of : his would fib you 1" << No, no, all the boltor ohuuuoof |>IuhhIih(, D iu't £rat> mother. Think what it lucky stun'l with Ulft talents, Is curtain to yol a swell \M whoi'o, whovowH .Ihavo actually tallon cmwyij ,• •' 'But, Arthur, 1 suppose you m\ do up fivthor doubtfully. " OC oottrso, us lotions«« lii WiVH Hok«Io ono luit'l tall aotilldcueoj Inu suppose yon Uiltik you oivu?" ■"'Ai1 thin1 noiUloil with ii qulot smile, Alter] 'leiio^himaolO iukI his unpaid I ltlun a ywt a.J tluiti thoy cllcl, ' 