THE SKETCHER In the Coast District.—VII. BY OUR TRAVELLING REPORTER. TIARO TO MUNGARR. TIARO, in one respect, is certainly unique. With a population of not more than 500 it has no less than four churches, a new one having been opened by the Presbyterians during my advent there. It is a very tasteful little build ing, and the manse adjoining is appropriateness itself. And all this cost only £6001 The Anglican Church, St. Philip's, is a pretty little place, the pastor of which, the Rev. C. Allnutt, is, I believe, about to leave. Strange to say, although there are the inevitable Temperance and Protestants halls, there is no school of arts or public reading-room. This may be attended to when the little differences between the council and a portion of its rate payers have been settled. The greatest building that Tiaro boasts of —at least, it doeßn't boast now—is the saw-mill, which has been standing idle for the past six or seven months, waiting for some capitalist wand to loosen it from its enchant ment I was informed that its capacity was quite equal to the mill at Gundiah, the engine and machinery being of the very best type, and that it was situated close to an enormous supply of the best hardwood. Its existence was an effort of chiefly local enterprise, which, to put it mildly, somewhat disappointed expec tations. It has since passed into the hands of four speculators, who, it is said, purchased it simply to sell again. There was a rumour when I was there of a " party from Brisbane" having been to Tiaro with a view of arranging terms ; and, since I have left, a local paper announces a probability of a number of work ing men taking up the mill as a joint-stock concern. If they are content to work hard, and to draw their salaries in proportion to the earnings, Tiaro may see her former prosperity return with all its faults. The timber trade in the country districts ib several leagues ahead of selection under the new Act; at any rate, that is what the facts demonstrate. Tiaro Bridge, a low-level and rather shaky structure, is the only one on the river up to Maryborough. I have elsewhere alluded to this source of possible trouble to tbe district, which in flood time is sure to be submerged, and not improbably swept away like that un fortunate affair at Miva's Grossing, and I ven ture to affirm that if the nearly completed line to Kilkivan was never finished, and the magnificent bridge that crosses the Mary at Dickabram was transported to Ktchell's Falls, there would not be one word of regret, but the congratulations would be very many and earnest. And now I am on the subject of the river I may mention an important matter in connec tion therewith that has emanated from one of the best known and best informed of the dwellers on the river. It is that as time goes on, as irrigation comes into fashion, and as the hills whence the river springs from become more and more treeless, there will be an absolute necessity for "locking" the stream. There would be no insuperable difficulties in the way, for the river is narrow and shallow generally, and the locks, once erected, would last a very long time, and their maintenance could easily be provided for by a toll. It will make tbe inducements much greater to selectors on tbe wrong side of the river, who have to dray their produce all the way to Tiaro to get it to tho nearest railway station. At the present some what Hibernian atyle of advancement in mat ters agricultural, such a project may well be called a dream of tho future; but it will come some day. The Mary district is a pretty enough sight just now, especially if you view it from the top of one of the river banks. As far as the eye can reach are the glistening roof s of the settlers houses, and the patches of corn and lucerne are most agreably diversified by the sugar plan tations which are just now in all the glory of fine array. Most of the houses have their little flower garden in front, the aspect invariably facing the river; and the verandas are rendered addi tionally cool and picturesque by wild vines and clinging plants of varied flower, with here and there a rose bush in full bloom, to set off the darker background. It seems hard to believe that the place was " pioneered " only a genera* tion ago. . Of these pioneers one of the most notable, and certainly one of the most successful, is Mr. Wilson, of Mavis Bank. A young Scotchman, strong both mentally and physically, he com menced here in 1866, and in the following year secured part of a shipload of the first kanakas tbat came into Maryborough. The wages paid them were much tho same as now, but the work of clearing and of finding markets and means of transit thither were rather troublous at times. Sugar was tho first specu lation, but it soon collapsed under the com bined influences of flood, frost, and rust, the land being under flood level. Then corn grow ing was tried, and resulted successfully enough. Two crops a year could be obtained, and the unenlightened " boys " did not know sufficient of the wrongs of labour as against capital to try striking as soon as the reaping had fairly commenced. Under tho present labour regime, which came in threo and a-half years ago, tho settlers wore deprived of kanaka labour, and the semi-yearly crops changed to annual ones; some of the larger land-holders, in fact, ex- Jicrionced a shock they have not yet recovered rom. There was nothing to complain of acrainst these men in regard to the treatment of their kanakas, and there were no Government hospitals in those days to deal with the surplus population. Humanitarian legislation iv gene rally emotional to a degree, without being in the least degree logical; and the many planta tions that have been deliberately ruined for the Bake of gratifying a political cry may bear strong testimony in the coming judgment day of hopeless deficit. Mr. Wilson took up his land, which has since been subdivided into small farms, under tho Land Act of that day, which allowed home stead areas of eighty acres of ogricultural land or 160 acres of pastoral land to be taken up. Most of those who took up land on those terms have done well even the struggling selector unable to afford coolies or kanakas. The terms were such ns to induce a man to do his very best, and there aro stories current of some who worked half the night as well as all day in the first hard pioneer times, and of the women who nobly seconded their husbands' efforts. In reply to a queHtion as to the possibility of accomplishing such things under the present Act. Mr. Wilson shook hia head. "If I had to start again now," said he, " I would sooner go to America." _^ One thing that may be of interest to our agricultural machinery houses is a complaint by Mr. Wilson as to the apparent impossi bility of getting a good cornsheller. He showed me two—one a Maryborough make and one of the lasteat American manufacture. The first does not do its work perfectly, and leaves a ring or two of "pickles" tobe after wards taken off by hand, and the American, although made on a good principle, is far too fragile to stand the wear and tear of a 3-borse power engine. Mr. Wilson said he knew of nothingin the market that could supply his want Intercommunication between the Mary River plantationa is pleasantly suggestive to a stranger of the 16 puzzle, and aa the high road runs back some three miles from the river it is impossible to travel by it. It was neceisary for me to get a guide, without whose help I should never have been able to navigate the interminable sliprails that alwaya appeared to be cropping up. Finally, however, I got to Aurora plantation as the sun was setting,, the night that followed being a particularly bitter one. The difference in the temperature be tween noon and midnight must have been not less than 40*. . . . .. Early in the morning my host showed me the practical realisation of a problem that has been almost talked to death for the past twelve months-tbat of irrigation. He has talked but little j but he haa studied much, both from books and from experiments. It may be said, also, tbat, as far as I am aware, he ia the first successful irrigator on the Mary River. He haa a total of ninety-five acres under crop, which have of late years suffered from drought. In August last he organised a plan of watering as much of his estate as possible, by pumping up from the river. It is utterly impossible for me to endeavour to give an idea of tbe complex aystem of trenches which were made white the cane waa yet grow ing ; but I certainly did ace the trenches, and marked where the water had flowed in them. There was another and much more de finite proof. A space of half-an-acre situated on the bank of the river had been purposely left unirrigated in order that the results might be aeen in each case. Tbe cane on it waa not 3ft high when I Baw it, and the Raphoe was hardly unencumbered by its outer " fleshings;" and standing side by side—just on the other side of the ridge, in short—was a magnificent crop of cane, over.6ft high in many places, and looking as almost ready for the mill. It will be aeen what a valuable practical result this has been to the originator, as the unirrigated cane will moat probably be nipped off by the June frosts. To my mind, it seems a triumph of science over nature, and, moreover, that as long as the Mary continues to run the Aurora plantation will continue to grow and develop, notwithstanding all the freaks of the clerk of the weather. The water is raised by a Tangye pump (Cameron's patent), which sends up 12,000 e lions per hour, bringing the water up 7oft te stream ia discharged into a receptacle which stands at the corner of the irrigated cane. How that mighty mass of water is dis tributed, as I said before, I know not; bnt I do know that the results are as surprising as they are satisfactory. Kanakas are employed on the Aurora planta tation, from twenty to twenty-five, as the pro prietor crushes for two or three neighbouring planters aa well as for himself. The boys appeared to be thoroughly happy, and their quarters were cleaner than a good many Bris bane lodging-houses. The orders were given them in a quiet tone, and were invariably re sponded to cheerfully and willingly. No kanaka haa died on this plantation, and no serious ease of illness has occurred for the past two years; and what is more the labour vessels report that there is always a rush to get aboard the boat tbat trades for the Aurora, Nay, more, I was told that the kanakas, in utter defiance of all civilised customs of the £ resent day, will actually go out of their way > protect their master's property from damage. There is a school adjacent to the plantation, the children of which have liberty to cross the land if they do not interfere with the cane. Once or twice the would-be juvenile depredators have been warned off by the kanakas. My host attributed tbe fact of the mortality in the Mackay district to the employers not studying the diet of their boys; and to allowing them to live for years in the same houses, which must, of course, get filthy in time. The kanakas'houses and their diet are constantly shifted at Aurora. The Mackay climate, too, is a very unhealthy one. The mill stands in a corner of the plantation and contains a 16-h.p. boiler from the Vulcan Foundry, with 3ft crushing rollers, capable of crushing out 6000 gallons per day. The megass or cane refuse is converted into the most excellent of manure, by turning in the cattle on it every night for a month or so. As a fertiliser it ia almost unequalled. The journey by road to Mungarr is a very quiet one, and the reception one meets with there is scarcely of an hilarious character. Some thirteen years ago, when the railway was as yet in futuro, some timber men, including Messrs. Ramsay and Armitage, put up a most extensive sawing plant, at a cost of from £10,000 to £12,000, so I am informed. Some idea of the capacity of the machineiy may be given when it is stated that ridging for tbe timber-shed at Gundiah was sent there in 60ft. lengths from Mungarr. At the timo of the mill's prosperity there were about eighty men employed, and the takings at the store were said to average £250 a month. About September, 1882, the company, which had been gradually absorbed in the oare of a South Australian Mortgage Company, yielded up the ghost; and with it departed the existence of Mungarr township. The company have put in a man at 30s. a week to look after the place, and they have been looking for purchasers ever since. It is to be hoped that they will see the advisableness of taking a little leas than they want to obtain, as the machinery must continue to deteriorate lying idle as it is. Messrs. Southerden and Christoe, of Maryborough, are the local agents for the company. I don't want to givo them a gratuitous advertisement; it is only for tho sake of poor comatose Mungarr. Three parts of tbe houses are empty, and on a moonlight night the workmen's dwellings on the hill above the mill look " uncanny" enough with never a light shining therefrom, or the sound of a human voice. There are eligible residences that have been to let for months and months, and which are looking sick of waiting any longer. And in the midst of all looms the great galvanised iron roof of the mill, over which a tall brick chimney stands, which has not smoked for many a long day. But there ia a ray of hope for Mungarr. The surveying party for the Mungarr ana Gayndah line came to the former place only a few days before I did. I went in search of their camp, but very nearly got bushed for my pains. But tbat line must con- Bume a lot of timber—there are about eighty miles of it all together, and it is simply over flowing with hardwood. There ia a sUvermins-l at Didcot, which the line will pass, of ~*h*cu | satisfactory reports are said to have been made by a Maryborough analyst, who examined the ore. The trial survey of the line was, I believe, made eighteen months ago, and Mr. North, who has lately had the Gympie and Caboolture survey in hand, has, I believe, just been appointed to the perma nent survey of the Gayndah. But it is time for me to make another break. Voila tout. 