INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. VICTORIA. (FROM OUr UPEROAL CORIESPONDENTS.) MELnnousN, June 21. Fanny Taylor, the young woman who was shot at by Wm. Arthur Cook in the recqnt shooting case at Hotham, was charged before the City Court to-day with attempted suicide, and was discharged on expressing contrition. The cone of the new tile kiln of the Vic toria Ornamental Tile Company at Rinm wood fell in this morning, killing a youth named John Bragwell, seriously injuring three other men, and doing a lot of damage to the kiln. It appears an iron band, Gin. wide, by lin. thick, girding the base of the cone, broke, and the whole mass, containing'30,000 bricks, fell on the workmen. The boy was fearfullysmashed, death being instantaneoul. At a meeting of the Colonial Investment and Agency Company held to-day, a divi dend of 10 per cent. was declared, and it was stated the issue of fifty thousand shares, payable up to ten shillings per share, had been taken up at a premium. A resolution that the directors should hold one thousand instead of two hundred and fifty shares was proposed at the meeting by shareholders, but was negatived. The members of the South Adelaide Football Club arrived to-day. F. Mitchell is manager of the team, who play their first match on Saturday against Essendon. Chief Justice Stawell held a reception of thle legal profession in the Law Courts to day, on the occasion of his return from a trip to England. The final in connection with the St. Bredanes Handicap was run on [the Flemington ground to-day, and was won by C. Smith, of Balaclava (160 yards); A. W. Patrick, of Melbourne (15 yards), being second, and J. M. Malone, of Sydney (10 yards), third. Royal Maid list 91b, Ruby 10st lllb, and Yet Again 10nt 81b, are the top weights for the Hurdle Race at the Amateur Turf Club meet. Boolka ist tlb, Mozart 8sg 131b, and The Ghost 8st i1b, head the list in the Bracelet ; Lady Ashton 12st Gib, Clarence, list 91b, Blackthorne list 71b, and Kanaka 11st 21b, in the Steeplechase ; and Boolka Dat, Mozart 8st 111b, and Ring master 8st 81b, in the Richmond Handi che annual distribution of honorary re wards in connection with the Royal Humane Society of Australasia took place to-day. The President, Mr. Jno. WVilks, presided, and the distribution was made by the Governor. Speeches were made by Mr. Deakin, Colonel Sargood, and others. Two bronze medals and two certificates were granted to Tasmania, 23 medals were given to Victoria, and others in different colonies. An operative bootmakers' meeting, eight hundred strong, held in the Trades' Hall to-night, decided to strike a levy of 15 per cent. on working members to support those out of employ. Those who have struck in connection with the depression, in order to keep up the rate of wages, are to get-For married men, 25s; single men, 180 per week. 