A MOUNT CdihROzv LEAFLET FROM THE " OADPS" CERiST MAS TREE. Noel ! Th Cadi's thoughts are re trospective; and are far away in the, dear old land, where now " Christmao revels in a world of snow. And bids her berries h h, hn ofarons flih f; its spangling shower Front, the winard, flings, Or borne in other hlue, en vewless winogs O'er the white pane his siloery folilge weaves. And goem with ieleins the sheltering rarei." Memery bridges the toonouland of foamy mile that divide the lend of hin birth fron that of his adoption, and Is o the Cadi is again a boy; not tie saven-pated boy of these degenerate times, who, could the Mammas of the Ctdiem goeeration " revisit thre glimpecs of tie moon" would ueggest to theem an- epidemic of ringworm ; but one of a brigadeof ringleted pea shooters, on the roof of the "tiglfleer" coacho, home ward hound for the Christmas holidays, Can tre modern Antipodean isoyn, of whom these i urchtne were the progenitors, realise, with the thermometer at 120 in the habde, the ecstatic bitess exprienced by their lBritinh cousins on thre occasion of the breaking up for tre Christmas vacation? The very plumpuddieg itself mont under these circumstances, even to a 'boy, he more a matter of religion than that of relish. And yet the hallowing and re fining influence of thin time-honoured festival in not confined to That pain, that white-freed shore, Whose foot sporens hok the eoean's roaring tides, Toat "hEngland, hedged in with tihe main;" no longer, " coops from other lands lher islandere." Tire English speaking roes lo s hpread seer tire continents of troe world, taking witlh it its faithrn and ito tra ditions, among wich ore nurmrured tire hronour and reverence dure to tire feast of tire Nativity, cementing ro it does tire bond of home and affection by those fanily re unions, wtrerat are gathnered together tre feven ages"-prospective youth, necking, to solve tih secret of suecess, and retro spective age, for whon the dim curtain of the misty fdturo is slowly lifting. The ghosts of many a by- gone Chrristrs troop before the Ca di's meretl vision, caolr Wucceeding loe a landmark on thrat road to eternity that hos boen trodden with weary -feet by thirty suceessive generations of mortality since the wios men followed the guidance of the ator in tre east. Would he re-embedy threm I trink not. "Doen saIl I the sheathed anchor uncoveer, For the stress of the voyage is passed; Life like a tempest of oean, Hour osthiewn it's ultinnato blast. There', hot a foist sobbing seaward While the calm of the ttde deiepers leoward, And hehold I like the weleonring quiver Of heart poison throbbod tlrrorrl tirte river, Thoes lights In tire hesriour at lost. The heavenly haorbeor, at lone." Ties sudden burrning urp of the flickering candle of life in its toeket in a presage of extinction, and it is withe it thrankfuri heart that the " Cadi " realises, at this, his Christmas gathering, that in the land of his adoption, and of his children's birth, loving hands will smooth his pillow, when tho fingers that trace these lines shall ddieor ron .the brink, as he whispers his. nund dimittihs/ €lodstone, Ilect.2ý. 