THEATRE ROYAL. Less:e, Mr. Charles Viuceut. Acting Jtanager Wr. Harwoud. Final Rktiremevt of Mr. J. C. Lambert. When he will make his lust appearance on any ' stage for ever. Tho,-e fr.cuds who desire to honor Mr. Lambert with their presence on this occasion will please take their places - imme diately. Ihe Gentlemen Amateurs have consented to appear on this occasion with - Mr. Lambert. This Evening. Thursday, February 27th, 1868 , The Performance will commence with the 2nd Act of Brinsley Sheridan's brilliant comedy "THE RIVALS." Sir Anthony. Absolute - Mr. J. C Lambert Characters by the Company. To be followed by the 1st Act of Bulwer Lytton's comedy of "MONEY." Sir John Vesey - - Mr. J, O. Lambert \- (his last appearance in that character for ever). Alfred Evelyn - Mr. William Levey Sir Frederick Blount - Mr. Marcus Clarke Stout - - Mr. Charles Wnrner Other Characters by the Amateurs, Trio—'- Harki the Lark at Heaven's Goti Sings" — Mr R. Stewnrt nnd Misses Docy and Maggie Stewart. To he succeeded by Scenes (inoluding Screen Scene) irom Sheridan's Oomt-dy, 'THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL" Sir Peter Teazle - - Mr. J. O. Lambert (the last character lie will ever net on any Stage). . Joseph Surface - Isr. Charles Vincent Lady Teazle - - Miss Cleveland To which will be added the Farce entitled : "THE MODEL HUSBAND," Supported by Mr. H. R. Harwood \- and Company. Mr. J. O. Lambert will then read the confess ion of his faults and bid ills friends a final adieu Doors open nt 7. Commence at 8 precisely, PRIOES AS USUAL. The following is a copy of his address: "Ladies and Gentlemen: — I am about to quit this world of mine for ever, to cross the footlights and live in your world. It is very much the custom on occasions when people are going out of the world to make a full, confession of all their sins, and I will acknowledge the excellence of the custom by adopting it, so that you shall not say that I gave up the ghost without recounting the many sins of which I have been guilty, both since I came among you, and many years before that time." "These as you may suppose were very numerous, for they have been going on without intermission these two and forty years. I will begin with the worst offences, and admit I have committed murder — In the early part of' my career especially, I ac knowledge to have murdered several — parts, with which I was entrusted, but of late years I hope I have been less guilty in this respect, and that the shades of Shakespeare, Ben Johnson, Congreve, Otway, Mnssinger, Rowe, and Sheridan have been appeased, I trust by my having imparted a little life to some of their creations." "I have committed bigamy so often that I cannot recount the number of instances. I have married more wives than Brigliam Young, so that it is not surprising if I should number my sons and daughters by scores if not hun dreds. Some- of them, I grieve to say, J.', have treated with great cruelty, turning them out of doors to beg or starve, cutting them off with a shilling, foroingtliem into mercenary marriages, and otherwise provoking them to des perate measures." "In connection with these wicked proceedings I have used the moBt . violent language to my offspring, but : many times when in the very onslaught of my furious denunciations I have" relented and only uttered half a curse. At this moment, if I had not great strength of mind I should be over whelmed with' remorse at the conse-, quences of my severity." "I have to deplore the necessity of frequently numbering among -my _ acquaintances, and even among my friends, some very incorrigible scoun drels; but J . beg you will place in juxtaposition with this fact, the cir cumstance of having also been on intimate termswith many kind hearted persons of every degree of society. Indeed, I may here remark, that- in respect to social position, my friends and acquaintances have been of the ' highest and lowest rank, with every intermediate grade, and that their dispositions have varied as infinitely as their social position." "My own predilections have been in like manner fluctuating. At one time I have been so miserly that I have denied myself the common and most absolute necessaries; at others felt myself prompted hv generous impulses so strong that I have had no hesitation in giving away large sums . of money, vast estates, priceless jew els, and even crowns and kingdoms." "I confess, however, these gifts have been bestowed with but an in discriminate hand, and that undeserv ing men have, profited by my promis- cuous liberality. " "Like all other members of . my ' profession, I have lived a double life, and. it is only in one of mine, the great crimes I have enumerated and ac knowledged have been committed. My , serious vices, I trust, have all been committed this side of the footlights." 1 " But in the world where in future I am going to dwell, I \trust you will credit me with having done my duty as a good citizen, and that when in a few days I step on board the vessel which will hear me from this bright and beautiful country, I shall carry with me vour good wishes and your kindly esteem." "Permit me. a. parting word about my brother managers, with whom for the last- -twelve- months I have been intimately associated. I never thought to have drifted intomanagementagain, hut there were such pressing reasons why this fine theatre should not he allowed to lose i-restige, and why it should not fall into incompetent hands that I consented to become one of the co-partnerships, by which its affairs have been lately administered."- "I' appeal to' you to say whether we have managed the Theatre Royal satisfactorily, and whether we have not fulfilled the promises made at the beginning of our career. Although . we have not obtained a wonderful pecuniary success, I can but think that we have given our patrons fair value for their money, and I am happy to think at this moment that the repu tation and popularity of the Theatre Royal are as good as they have at any time been since it was opened nearly fifteen years ago. Let me ask you to continue your support to the mana gerial firm as . it now exists — at least an equal measure of support. Its members are well known to you, and are, I am sure, greatly respected." ( To be Continued ). 