A FRENCH GHOST STORY. ONCE upon a time-that is, towards the close of the last century---the forest of Senart did not possess a better reputation than the forest of Bondy has enjoyed in our days. One fine night in the summer of 1799 the diligence from Paris to Melun had just entered the allee which traverses the entire length of the forest -centennial oaks whose thick branches shroud the road in darlkness. The rotunda and coupe of the old-fashioned vehicle were flll; inside were two travellers, and on the im periale a provincial tenor made the woods echo to his song. In such a situation no one seemed to run the least risk, and the diligence proceeded gently ata wilking pace. On arri ving near Corbcil the driver shook up his horses and inade the stones of the sleepy town rattle. At the relay office the guard got down and invited the not unwilling passengers to partake of refreshments. The latter, nothing loth to accede t'o the proposal, descended from their perch, lobked at one another, yawned, aind counted their numbers. " Hullo !" cried tie conductor, 'v what has become of my two inside passeilgorsl" " Don't torment yourself, governor," said the tenor, "they will tturn sip, your travellers, and the wolf will not have devoured theii." "Parblce !" rejoined a notary on his way to IMelun; " why, just before entering the forest I leaned'over to offer them a pinch of snuff at the window." The conductor searched in vain. No trace of the tiavellers was to be found.., h~''i.dilicnce ima to strt"?gi'j i~hi-li'dout pickisgt up the missing pair A few days after this sur pisitg inucident the police went to inform iM. Mibhul, Professor at the Conservatoire, of the dlisappearance of hia old friend, Mlonsieur X. Nothing Ihad been seen of him since the eve ning on which he had stepped into the dili gence for Melun in the Cour des Mlessageries. The news ca.used profound grief to the cele brated musician. All the researches he made to discover his friendt remained fruitless. So strange :an occurrence could not but greatly disturb the cotnposei-, who spoke aitd thougllht of it incessantly-so much so, that hlie lost appetite and sleep. One night, when'tossing in bed, the clock of St. Roch havitig just struck two, the moon, shining thiough the half-opened slihutters; threw its rays on the figure of a queer little hunchback tiolding in his crooked hanids a roll of cord. d hhul rubbed his eyes and raised himself on his pillow, endeavou!ring to convince himself that he was not tle victim of nightnmare. The hunchback was still there close to the bed, and the terrified mus.ician was about to inquire the reason of this singular apparition, when suddenly his tongue clove to the roof of hiis mouth, his hair stood on end, and a sthudder passed through. his finame. Behind the little iig;ure ivith the crooked hands lhe descried the white shidowy outline of his missing fiiend, whose faint glhnce seemied directed towuards hifn; The next instant a- pssing cloud hid the mnoon.from sighs and the vision i?tiished: On iwaking in the inorning, when trying to collect his thoughts, the suspicion that it must have beeni. a dreati forced itself upon his ,nind. And yet ihow vividly he recalled the whole Scene "I couid have sworn," hlie said, "that I·' svi mypoor friend looking at me sadly, and nmiaking signs to:me. But. wbiat could tie little lhunchbacl hiae to do therel" Gr-adiually, however, the rementbrance of the phantom, wlhich he did notdare to relate to his wife, di~'alppeared from Mll6hul's mind, and if he sometimes thought of his lost friend, he forgot tb associate him with his vision.. Five years hiiiusd. Imperial CLesar had ascended the throne of the King of France, .and all the world was abroad at the rejoicings that mt'ked the close of one of the troubled stages of the national annals. Bbhnl :Ind his wife, followed by their children, stood admiring, like good citizens, the illusiinations in the Champs Elysies. All of a sudden he felt some one tugging at the skirts of his coat. Turning sharply round, the composer seized the hand of the pick-pocket, whose crooked fingers and misshapen form recalled a familiar appearance. WVhern had he seen them before? While holding the ntan in his grasp the re collection of the pha:itom flashed across his miind. But in presence of the Cotinisusaire dePolice, Mdiul shraink from giving vent to his suspicious. H-ow was it possible to accuse a man ofa murder on the evidence of'a dream? Neverthleless, it was only with an effort that the musician refrained from telling his strange story. All night, while lying on his beld, with half-open shluttlers, the moon shone forth as five years before, and the clock of St. Roch gave forth the hour of two. Just at that instant a white shadow emerged from the luminous rays at the window, and a sepulchral voice murmured, " Avenge me, my friend avenge me." This time the composer of " L' Irats" no longer hesitated. " Yes, dear friend, I will avenge thee." "Forthwith he repaired to the Police-station of the Champs ElysBdes and related what he Ihatd seen. A keen examini ing agistrate was emnployed to fei-iet out the secret of the hunchback. It transpired that during tihe Reign of Terror the man belonged to an association kIrnown as the Tapdt-dur (strike hardl). After the collapse of the committee of Public Safety portions of this band betook thiemselves to the hIighwsay for a hlving, which our friend the hunchback preferred to following his trade of a tailor. Through the indiscretion of a servant he had heard that Mblul's fitiend was going to Melun to pay into the ihands ofea notary the price of a country house he had bought, in which be hoped "to s~l~end =tl?-EmPIln-;,?a?---?-- --?-. I'al'gisihf addantnge of hlis lonely situntion, the bandit strangled the other occupant of the diligence, and disapp'iared with his bodtly, which he buried in ;hae forest. A less senti mental jury than is to be met with nowadivs condemned the murderer to the scaffold. Such was the story related the other day in a Parisian boudoir by the grandson of a Ma-rshal of France, who heard it from Mdhul himself.--Leeds JMercuryu C-orrespoident. 