AMXTSEMENTS.'' : THEATRE 'ROYAL. The Manon Willis* Company closed their reason at the Theatre Bqyal on Saturday nigbt with the old-fashioned ghost- and- mnrder drama of 'Susan Hoplsy.' which was played before a thin and spiritless dress circle, a moderate and not enthusiastic stalls and pit audience, and a pretty numerous and more than ordinarily well-behaved gallery. Susan Hopley is a superior sort of servant girl, who sees in a vision the murder of her master (Wentworth) and her brother by a villain who abstracts Wentworth'a will and schemes to marry his heiress. The villain and his accomplice kill Susan's brother as he comes to the rescue of his master, and they conceal him in a cupboard in the old manor house with the will in his band. The blame, of the murder is laid on this victim, and Susan, who loses her situation, devotes herself to tha vindication of her brother's innocence. She has a lover in a yeoman named William Dean, who has a happy knack of turning up and rescuing Susan when in difficulty or danger, according to the custom of rural lovers in melodramas. There' are several characters of the usual sort, the conventional comic costermonger (with a real live donkey), the burly ruffian, the flippant housemaid, and the loquacious butler. Susan, of course, cornea to the front to frustrate the schemes of the villains, and her murdered brother appearing to her in ghostly guise saves the detectives a lot of trouble by telling her first where she will find the clue, and how to discomfit the wicked ones. She accordingly bursts upon the burly ruffian and his accomplice and fights them both single handed and unarmed. Opening a secret door the dead body of her hrother falls flat on the floor. Poetical justice is then dealt out, and nearly everybody is happy except the comic costermonger, who has to yield Susan to his brother. Miss Willis played the heroine in a very vigorous style, and proved herself quite equal to all the situa tions where emotion or action was needed. She was fairly supported, but there was nothing in the play worth Bitting out on such a Hultry night, and it was a relief when the green curtain fell. The scenery was pretty. On January 26 Miss Willis with the full strength of the company, which is a weak one at best, will open a short season at the Academy of Music prior to leaving for Western Australia. Popular prices are to be charged. ^___^^__^____ 