SPOUTING NEWS. Melbourne. October 21. The following scratchings have taken place: For the V.R.C. Derby— Ptolemy, Cheffionere gelding, Dufferin, Keophyte, Philip Augustus, and Howitzer. For the Oaks — Ennui, Vernet filly, and Neophyte. For the Coburg Stakes — -Juintin Matsep. The following horses are left in the Moonee Valley Cup : — William Tell, Isonomy, Ghost, Middlemarch, Straight shot, Tarpeia, Edith, Clarendon, Honey Bee, Cohai, Uinberto, Trojan, St. Albert, Brunette, Damocles, Don Giovan, Cestus, Bridegroom, Liberty, and Donald. The feature of the Melbourne Cap betting to-day was a run on Hexhatn (4 yrs., Cst. 5, by Goldsbrough ont of Gold finch) who has been backed to the extent of £20,000, at prices ranging from 100 to 2 to 100 to 6. Trident is easier, in consequent of the advance of his stable companion — Verjil (?). Several thousands were booked to Ben Bolt at 10 to 1. For the V.R.C. Derby 2 to 1 was laid on Trident. The following are the prices in the Mel bourne Cup : — 100 to 15 against Trident, offered ; 10 to 1 against Bea Bolt, taken ; 10 to 1 against Little John, offered : 14 to 1 each TVIalna and Silvermine, taken and offered ; 15 to 1 each Hexbamand Isonomy, taken and offered ; 20 to 1 against Lord William, taken ; 25 to 1 each Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling, Britisher and Trenton, taken and offered j 33 to 1 each Merritnu, Affluence, Arsenal, and Kingfish, taken and offered. Melbourne, October 23. Ihe following scratchings have taken place : — Sir Launcelot for the Melbourne Cup ; Malua for the Melbourne Stakes, Veberin Stakes, Canterbury Plate, and nextyearsChatnpion Stakes ; Activity forthe V.R.C. Derby and Oaks; Emerald for the V.R.C. Derby, and Inverell for the Hurdle Race. At the Moonee Valley Races on Saturday last, the attendance veas the largest ev»r known on that course. The weather was very inclement. The follow ing is a list of the first, second and third horses : — The St. Alban's Handicap — Epi- curean, Carnival, and Patience; Corinthian Handicap — The Baron, Douglaston, and Huron ; The Moouee Valley Cup — Isonomy, Middlemarch, and William Tell ; The Steeplechase — Kulkyne and Union ; Sell ing Race — Navy Blue, Snip, and Donald ; The Phoenix Handicap — Probation, Roys terer, and Relieur. In the Cup betting the following are the prices offered— 6 to 1 against Trident, taken ; 8 to 1 against Little John, taken and offered ; 14 to I Hcxham, taken ; 15 to 1 each Arsenal, Malu and Isonomy, offer ed ; 20 to 2 Trenton, offered ; 33 to 1 Bo hemian, taken ; 50 to 1 each Affluence and Metal, taken. Melbourne. October 25. 1'or tbe Melbourne Cup Little John (Cst. 71b.) has advanced to 100 to 4. There is very little other 1 letting. The following scratehings for the V. R. C. Spring Meet ing have taken place : — Merrimu, Punger {?), CoriolanuB, and Kohai, for all engage ments. For the Melbourne Cup — Coronet, Kenneth, William Tell, Duration, Gentility, Ebony, AcoJyte, Fobber, Lady Bell, Islan der,andSt PauL For the V. R. C. Derby Washington, Dark Duke, New Merrill, West Wind, Menotte, Soudan, Fobber, Worcester, Wentworth, Faithful, Diver SSri^E ^oa» Kenneth, Blue Blood, Mt^^^8^-^ SamaeL For the Mares Produce Stafces-Asptamonte * J?£L Melbonrnfi sporting correspondent tdegraphjng on Friday, reports ^-Eaoum V^^eJPl^.aid 3Ga SGa for 5a 