BEACH'S BIRTHDAY.— PR15SENTAX TIONSTO THE CHAMPION. (From, the L-mdo)i Sportsman.) William Beach, tho champion sculler of tho world, was born at Addlostono, Surrey, on Soptcmbor G, 1851, so ho is consequently 35 years old this summer. After bis glorious victories on tho Thumbs his personal and pro fessional friends thought it would be an excel lent occasion to, present him with a few tokens of thoir estimation and high regard. Beach, who is one of tho most lotiring and unassum ing men in the world, and who takes a victory with as much coolness as defeat, was certainly very much ovorcomo by the uvidont consensus of goodwill and heaity feeling towards him displayed yesterday. He was tukon quite unawares, everybody in the morning at the White Harr, wheio ho is staying, having wished him tho usual hearty English saluta tion of ' Many Hnppy Returns of the Day' before., ho went for his usual matutinal spin on tho Thames, but nothing beyond this trans pired. The landlord of the historical Thames-aide, hostelry, who has throughout been most zealous' in his auxioty to promote the comfort, of his guests, however,- presented Beach with' a vory handsome silver spirit flask,' engraved with his nnmi! and the date of tho auspicious occasion. Dnring.the after noon: Mr. JDoelilo nnd a few fi-ien,dsl returned from town, ami met in the White Hurt sitting room, occupied by tho Australian party. Bench came down from his after-dinner sii-sta, trolling a merry song in a stentorian, lone bass; loud enough to have roused the, envy of' the ghost of Hector. At that time ' there were assembled Mr. J. G. Deeble, and ' Messrs. - Fred. Hagon, Alf. Hawthorn,. Peter Kemp, and Alfred Allison (of the SporUiiian). After some little chat about the Hanlan challongiv Mr. Deeble handed' to' ^Beach'a. small1 packet as a present from Mr. Silk, of ? 'he Victoria.' Club. ' This proved to be a most beautiful Sheffield presentation knife, with mother-pf-' pearl handle and serrated back, with pnrcel gilt enrichments. The champion, whoso name, was engraved on the handle of the knifo, was apparently as pleased as if ho had sud denly found the Parramattii flowing along; the bed . of the Thames. He,. opened the* btades, and drawing his finger 'across one jof them,': observed with a 'sweet,-: sail '.'smile, 'Doesn't .it - cut, Jack?' Being re strained by Iiis friends from commit ting '? amputations otr the' ' spot,- he care fully restored tho kuifo to its case. He remarked that ha was ' not going to use it ; .itjwfi. good enough to. keep.' , We - may re mark that- Mr. Silk has also presented a similar knife to Mr. Deeble and to Mr. Jack Thomp son. Immediately afterwards Mr. I?., Hagbn began to unwrap a parcel, and from the folds thereof he produced a most beautiful spirit cellarette in silver-mounted old English oak, with three richly-cut decanters. Beach; in ac cepting this handsome gift, said it'-, was the prettiest thing he had ever seen, and he ' should always 'take' care, as the weather was some times a trifle 'dry' in Australia, to keep it full for his friends.' This sentiment was received oy tnose present witli every marie or approba tion. ;Mr.| Alf. Hawthorn was the next to come forward, and ho presented the chnmpion with a pair of valuable field glasses by Dolloncl. At this moment a Kew steamboat happened to be passing the windows of the White Hart, and Beach, who had proceeded to test the powers of his new binocular, remarked, ' Alf, this is a real ' daisy' pair. I can see the flies on the funnel.' It was now Mr. Dee.ble's turn, and he, quietly producing a little Morocco case, said, ' Bill, we are all glad to wish you ' Many happy returns of the clay,' and I want you to ?accept this from me as a token of my admira tion foi you as a sculler and as a friend.' The case contained a really beautiful scarf ring, consisting of a perfect cat's-oyo stone sur rounded by a zone of diamonds. Beach was very much allected with this handsome gift, and expressed his thanks in a bluff but thor oughly feeling manner. Mr. Allison then inti mated that the proprietors of the Sportsman wished also to make Beach a presentation on the occasion of his birthday, and they had de cided to give him an artistic medal commemo rative of his journey to England and his memorable success upon the great metropoli tan river. Beach, in thanking Mr. Allison for the proffered Sportsman present, made a singu larly felicitous remark. As ho looked Around upon the display of the tokens of friendship and goodwill arranged on tho table, his thoughts evidently flew to the other side of tho world, and leaping in a single heartbeat 16,000 miles of space he said, ' How proud Mrs Beach will be, gentlemen, when she sees all these handsome gifts !' The wine which ' sparkles was then ordered up, and the champion's health, long life, and further victories toasted. Beach subsequently went out for a spin on the riVer, accompanied by his faithful trainer, Peter Kemp. .?'??; A considerable amount of anxiety has been manifested as to tho real intentions of Beach in connection with the suggested match between him and Hanlan- With a view of setting at rest any misunderstanding which may have arisen with regard to this matter owing to the contrary statements made in several quarters, we may give the whole and true facts of the case. After Beach's triumph in the International Regatta he went away to Eamsgate with his backers to obtain a few day's well-earned rest. During his absence the following cablegram was sent to the Champion :— ' From J, Hackett, 26 West Thirty Street, New York. Am authorised to offer Beach a guarantee of 10,000 dollars to row Hanlan between the 1st and 10th of October in America, over a 3-mile course. Wire me immediately your answer.' The Sportsman also received a telegram, from Air. Hamilton Busbey : — 'Will send Hanlan's forfeit, £100 when notified fied Beach accepts.' We yesterday had a long conversation with the champion with reference to this matter. He says that in the early part of the year, when he first came to England, Hiinlan published a challenge through the Spoilsman to row him on the Thames. To that he immediately made a reply, accepting the challenge ; but although he has waited day by day, until the summer has gone by, ho has received no reply from the Toronto sculler. He came to England anxious and. willing to meet Hanlan on the latter's favourite battle ground, and though he, the champion, had twice beaten Hanlan, he was willing once again to measure blades with him in the presence of the people who, all along, have so persistently admired the ex-champion of the world. At' the last moment, when Beach has made every arrangement for going home, and ^yhonhO'has proved liis:sup^riorit7^ii ?.comers who dared to put.in an app'eanj . ? ;suddon intimation has been receivTf1 I Hanlan' to tho eflect that the latter reallv templates a match at the eleventh 1 Beach also received, ,,s wo mentioned 211' an invitation to go over to America and „} what could have been but little else lh__ ™ exhibition match. The champion, to U5' t* own expressive language, declined tobenWl with, and said, naturally enough, 'I have h™ matches to attond to, and it would be im sible for me to got to America in a fit coVrfi tion and row within tho time specified 1 hava now been a long time from home ^,\ i intend returning as soon as possible. lf« Ian is so much improved that he thinks hok a chance of beating mo, lot him come 0Z again to tha Parramatta River, where 1 2 row him or. any other mnn for a suitable sum » The following cablegram has been sent t'r Beach in reply to the American offer:— «t' latn. Waited hero all summer for Hanlan h vain. Will row on Parramatta only fOr0,i a side or more.' With this tho matter so k rests. It is quite clear that llnulan litts t left Amoricii, or Bench would not lwvo receir'i the ofl'er to row him there. No doubt ma-'', people in England will be disappointed at is) seeing these great scullers come together w tin; Thames, but tho fault rests »-itli Hank who has ' had every opportunity of 'ettim- » match if lie had wanted it. ° 