j Echos from 'England.. j (Bx "LITTLE JOHN»") THE TURF. THE ST. lEOEtt HEETIHÔ. ' , LONDON, Septombor. 17.«~The - juouoaster meeting nas. been iii every, way a croat aitco'èS»,-tor thotiirh the woak opposition to Ormonde deprived the St. ieger of neorjy all intereat, tho character of the aj orfc f éueràli'y w;:s very" good indeed. No fault could be fouud with tao attendance* and tho''houao parties" of tho county swells were niuoh luïgor than uaüal. Mr. Christopher Sykes entertained a Belect party at Brantinghanithorpo, including th- Prince'' of Wales, Lord and Lady Uhnrles Beresford*' tho. Duchoas .of Manchester, Lord .Hartiufctun, Vig- if count Galway, of Soriby lln.ll j Sir ll. Mesey-Thou>pBon,, Mr. Foljambo, of Osbortoul Mr. C. E. S. Cooko, of St.. Catherine«; tho Euri of Scarborough, Lord L tides* borough,.Lord Auckland; Mr. Beckett, of Nariappleton;i Lord Fitzwilliam, Mr. Chaplin, Lord Woulock, and the ; Du ko of Portlnnl. Alt oitbor drove or canie by special' twins with their guests. Early in tho muming visitors; wore treated to a sight of tho Uuke of' WoBtminster'a ¡ veritable "horso of tho century" (for no one will now. deny Ormondo'ö elaiiii to that title) doing a nice bit of;. ¡work, though only ridden by a staOlo lid, and tho verdiofci waa Unanimous to h s fitness for tho 'morrow'a fray. * In tooordivtoo with- custom, tho Pitz william Stakes opened tho proceedings, and tho two top weights, Lucorne, and Cauilot flniahed llrsc and second. Tho forinor ii" Wonderfully wo.l nt present, niid despite the fact that his ' understandings aro deoidculy " dioko.v," mid that he la ft bit wrong in his wind, ho will not 5 rovo a denr purchase to Captain Muoholl, wno gavo 1Í00 guinean1 for liiai aftor the, braco. lio will tttko a lot 01! stopping just now, 'especially when opjoaod to uuimnl<i of lower olasa than ' ho boafltB of. For tho fluiubor Pluto aoven animals toed tho scratch, and Veraoity, who last wcok failed tö' fcifoaluiripof Weight away to onolhtf < wo-yenr-old, Gale, . ot York,' won pretty easily in tho hunda of F. Burrett.,' Tho .Don, a eon of Doncaster, just managed to squeeze homo by a hoad for tho DanCawtor Wolter, thanka to a Ano' piece Of riding on tho pnrt of C. Wood. .Tho Great York* Bhiro Uanuicap was reduced to half a dozon runnors, in« duding King Monmouth and Bon Alder, who ran first and Baoonil list year, "Tho King1' waa mftdofavorite, Mut Waa closely pressod in the actual betting by Selby, whoso Boroly disoiipointocl tho cuto I'Auaon party in tho Nor thumberland Plate, llowcvor, thoy Once V.OÏB baoked him. Uko mon; and thia timo ho amply juatifled their confidence, and prdvert bojoiid ßoubt that he. waa unlucky to have lost tho big raoo in tho north. Much in forest waa oóntred in tho next event, tho Cham pagne Struces, in which two unbeaten ones, Panzeischilf , mid G'riudison, wore opposed by Phil, a nailing fine colt of Irish dum ont. Weight of money at last made the EH't of , Zetlnud'a colta strong favorite at 06 to 40 on, hilt aftora ; desponito race ho could only suocoüd in making a dettu boat, of lt With Graudlsou, nnd tho stakes were divided* 1 Both colts aro worthy of their high lineage, but, whereas Grandlson is wed ongaged, Panzorachiff has not beoaj nominated for liny of tho classic races of htjtt year; iii Wjiiou ho would most certainly haVb played a pYouun/int jmrti. ~' The lo ve of Yórkáhlronióa fot A good. Tidf BÖ is brofe.rWW| ' , And tho fàm* of armonk wai tfnite luffloiont ' in itself w ' attract* large attendance on the flt. Leger Dar. Fr .arl* morning thousands and thousands ot people pom Into tho city, and wended their way to> thcraown moor, ¿raerto secure good positions. Before breakfast moat the cundidatcs for the big race took moderato oxorciso, t all ot them ga\« satisfaction. Tho groit horso waa, course, the object of roost attention, and ho was genero admired. Soino thore-wero who tried to ".pick holes " him, but they did not dare to go boyond moro criticit and back the opiuious'thoy expressed.. Ho certainly loo! in the bloom of health; and John Porter b »..done, him every justic«. The Duke' and Duchess 1 'Westminster- travelled from Scotland to assist the triumph of . the great son of Bend < .Sacing began with tho Bradgato Park StakeB, for wbi ? Financier was heavily backed at 6 to 2 on ; but rothing h ' a ohanoe with Mephisto, who, undor Tom Cannon, sail home an easy.winner. Phil made amenda for his del'oat . the previous day by winning the Tattersalls Salo Stakes a canter. The Milton Stakes produced ten runners, soi of them pretty smart, Luminary (tho only horso ti beat Melton during his two-years-old career) b been purchased -by Mr. Arthur Cooper after ri Bing in the . Fitzwilliam Stakes, tho previous, di with a view ti winning thia race ; and Arel having the mount, the olever division went for a big stat But the " good thing " didn't quite como off ns expeote for Mr. Abington's Necromancer happened to be a trying mood and upsot tho pot, Attention' w next directed to the great race of the dc The morniug repart that Enoch's stable would supply couplo of runnorß in Easington and Gray Friars, waa on confirmed as regards the former. Ho helped to make ut party of seven, which is the smallest field on rocotd for tl last thirty-four years. Tho Kiiigsclero pair were wno: the first to enter the paddock, and it is not too much '. say that during his 1 jng career Porter has never done mo justice to any charge than to Ormonde. The hero of tl c Two Thousand and Derby, who is lotting down into a co of immense power, was trained to perfection, and 1 strip{*edas;clcanin windasinlimb. Hocarn'edhimsolf muc moro soberly than in tho spring and summer, and looke every inch n conqueror whou ho followed his soinowhi frotiul companion Coracle out of tho paddock. St. Miri: ,<? Who Wa« touch liked, advanced to 100 to 7 before tho fall < ¡ the fiai, and doublo this prico.was laid against tho oth< i V Saint." Plonty of fancy bets woro taken about plaofin . tho first three, and most of those arrangements would hai > como off had St. Michael been ablo to gut out of tho way i : the despised Exmoor. The surpriso of the race was tl i running of tho latter, and St. Michael, who ran uugene ously (as he has boforo done moro than . once) waa nev« nearer than three lengths. Coracle holped Exmoor to si tho pace until half way botwoon tho kalf- milo post and th bend, whon Archor allowed. Orinondo to stride along. Th question was soon settled, and ho cantered home foi lengths in. front ot St. Mirin-a verdict whit» might have boen increased four-fola, had Arche pleased. A moro hollow victory, or one moi popular, could hardly bo imagined; and whon the Duke ( westminster lcd Ormonde back to tho scales, he wo xecolvod with bursts of chooring, which wore reponte when "all right" was called. Archer has now ridden si St, Leger winnsrs m the spnoo of ten years. In pinda himself upon an equality with Wost Australian, Glodiateui and Lord Lyon, Orrcoado has farther established his olaii to rank aa ono of the very beat horses tho English turi ha known, and with ordinary luok ho should never kno' defeat. It is not intondod to run him until ho puts in a appearance at Newmarket. The only event worth recording on the third day wo the Portland Plato, for which most of tho celebrate sprinters woro entored. Crafton, on the strength of hi recent form, was installod favorito, and Harmattan an Brighton woro also heavily backod. The others mos spoken off were Morella, Campbell, and Pearl Diver, c whom the latt named failod to mend upon his disappoint ing form at Derby. Modwana, on the contrary, was at he very best, and dashing off tho mark in a stylo worthy c her best days, sho mada al) the running and won oasilj Biighton made up a lot of lost ground ac the finish, bu . Crafton and Campbell wore both chopped at the start, an \- neithor of them perserorod to the end. : - A QltAifD EVENT. <.. The next Newmarket Houghton will witness perhaps th i - most important race ever run on the classic heath, as th . Duke ot Westminster has agreod with Colonel Owen Wi! t-^liams to match Ormonde against Tho Bard for £1000 a-sid ncroBs tho flat, tho little wondor to roceivo 101b. Tho Duk also expressed bia willingness for Bendigo and Melton ti . join in ateven'weights. Lord Hastings at ouco consontoi ,' xor Melton ; but Mr. Barclay was not present to answer io the boM Bendito. Thero is iittlo doubt, however, as ti what he will do. Tho meeting of foUr such equine giant ' . will be an event unparadeled oven in tho history of Now market, filled aa it is with tho record of g eat matchos, an< the proposed Bwoopstakea will quito overshadow evoa th big events at Manchester, Kempton, and Sandown. Al good sportsmen hope that nothing may intorvene to pie vent the meeting of tho cracks. nowmo. Having seen how hard Bnaoh had to row tor half a mil« to make up the length and a half which Leo got at th< start in the fourth heat of the big sweepstakes, I was quite propared for Watterson's defeat by tho Amorican ex amateur. Beach told me that ho had to do his very bcsl to catoh him on tint occasion, and I warned Mattorsor that he was rash in tackling so fast a man as Loe, especially «o soon after the two gruelling races Lo had had with liosi and Teamer. Noil pooh-poohed the idea of the Yankee having the ghost of a chunco of boating bim. Howevei tho result proved that I was correot in my judgment, foi though tho raco was a hard one as far as Walden's, 1 think that Loo was always master of the situation, and when bo came over into Watterson's water und risked s foul, he saw that Neil was about done for, arpl that he could always get away from him. Loe was pretty well done up himself, no doubt, but his opponent was worse. Mat toroon had bcon suffering from a sovero cold, and he bad had mustard plas tors on his ohext, which is hardly a pro por kind.of preparation for a sovore raco. Besides, no doubt ho was still feeling tho oifoots of his tremendous exertions in tho sweepstakes. Fresh and woll, he will boat Loo, but just now he has had about enough of it, and he will t>e very foolish if be rows another raco for a year or two. I hope bis friondsin Sydney will try and persuade him tc Ito on the sholf for a time, and when Beach resigns the championship he will probably bo his successor, for he is tho making ot a very fino soullor. Potor Kemp has boen doing a lot of work, and is over BO \- much fitter than when he rowed hie two previous races ; ? and Bubear will find him a hard nut to crack. Ho is very fast indeed ; and if be can stay woll, Bubear will nover see . tho way ho goos. Howorer, in the light of his othor racoa, I am afraid that Peter is deficient in stamina; though thia quality is dopendont on condition to a greater extent than people think. As for Beach, tho aquatic Ormonde, . he is flt and well, and will, bar aocidonts, win both the championship matches, though Gaudaur. ia sculling in Ano form, ia in pink of condition, and is boated to perfection. Mr. St. John (Jake's backor), is vory confidont that bo will beat Boaoh ; but whon I oiforod to lay him 100 to 80 on the champion, ho wouldn't deal. I met St. John at dinner tho othor ovoning, aud found bim on exceedingly nico follow. He is a real sportsman, . .' Hanlan's movements aro as mysterious as ever. No one ?oems to know whore ho is, or what he intends to do. Since Boach doclincd, vory properly, to row bim in Eng land af tor boing kept so long waiting, ho has been Bilont. Mr. St. John tells mo, however, that ho will be Bnrotocoino to England shortly. Tcomor is prepared to row him on the ThumoB, and so ÍB BOBS ; but with . all due rcBpeot, to the judgmont of tho gentlemen who aro ready to back thoso »on-they onco worshipped tho Canadian-I boliovo that Hanlan can beat auy ono oxcopt Boach. Tho latest report 18 that Gaudaur bas been matched to row Hanlon for 2500 dollars a eldo at St. Louis in May or Juno next, CKIOKET. I am aorry that I am unablo to roeord any victories of. the Australian toam. Thoy soom incapablo of winning a match against oven a modornto English team, for tho draw was de cidedly against thom in tho match playodat Lord's for tho bonoüt of Mr. J. A. Murdoch, tho ovor-obliging and courteous assistant soorotnry to tho M.C.C, Tho faot is . that tho team was novor good onough to copo with tho flower of England. Tho absonco of Murdoch, M'Donnoll, Bannerman, Boylo, nnd Horan was anything but compou Bated for by tho "now blood." Ted Evans is clearly clono for. He suffors from somo affection of tlib lcneo3, and thia is Bhown when ho lins played a short timo, opofforth has been too busily onc^Red " courting" to pay Jwob attention to cricket ; addod to which bo haß boon twioci very much hurt. Tho list of casualties, too, has been Tory heavy, and frequently tho best mon liavo boon laid up wnon most wan'od. Then again thoy liavo boon atrociously \- Sftp, «ed bjr Scotfc« wbo ÍB wanting in judgment. »ut tho main cauoo of their non-BUoooBS baa boon tho want of good fooling among tho mon. I don't quito wish ¿«Ju »o understood that thoy havo boon on bad torniB wita wau .othor, but thoro has been au abBonoo of that lion WrnaraAVri« amongthem which wan no marked in tho earlier tekraa, ami which helped to mn so many victories out of tho fire, aa in 1882. Gregory and Murdoch, while ahowtng the, utmost firmness, had tho tact to lot cvory man fool that he waa doing exactly what ho liked and what waa tho right thing. öpotlorth is to ho married noit wook to Misa Çndman, daughter of a wealthy gentleman in tho tea trade. Tho young "demoueBa" that ls'to be is said to be vory.amiable, and ÍB docidedly good looking. I beliovo oho has only one brother and a sister. So papa's wealth has not to bo very widely distributed. ' Mr. Hennikor Heaton ontortainod the team at dinner nt tho House of Commons on Monday evening, when he invited a number of influontia1 people to meet them. Tho: adair passed oil with colat. After dinuor and a smoko the cricketors were, by special invitation of the Speaker, accommodated with seats in the Ambastalore' gallory, and behind the choir. 