Nonsense. Btti AEF sagaciously observes: " Man that is horn of one woman and tied to another is of few days and full of trouble. Bui, it might have been worse, a heap worse, for he might have been born a woman and been tjed to a man. That IB the most perilons condition in all nature." A Western citizen who had been worsted in a fight was told that he could collect damages. "I did Collect damages," he replied mournfully. " 1 collected everything but a piece of my left ear and two front teeth; I couldn't find those." " You children turn up your noBeB at everything on the table. When I was a boy I was glad to get enough dry bread to eat." _ "I say, pa, you are having a much better time of it, now yon are living with us : ain't you ?" remarked little Tommy. " My dear fellow, how glad I am to meet you again. It is years since we parted. You look well, healthy, flourishing." "Oh, ves; I'm enjoying my patrimony. And you; how have you been? You look rather ill and out of sortB." "Yes; I've been enjoying iny matrimony. Difference of sex in fortune between us, that's all." : Doctor: " Vor dinner take forty minutes." Timid Patent: "Would it be dangerous to add a piece of meat and some vegetables." " My son, why is it that you arealways behind with your studies f" " Because, if I were not behindhand with them I could hot pursue them." Woman: "If I give you,something to eat will- you saw a little woodf " Tramp: "No, mum. I'm too weak to saw wood. I'm not lazy, ieat weak, but J'm willin' to do what I can. You give me a good dinner an' I'll sit out in the cornfield for a scarecrow •whila I'm eatin' it." In order to explain in a dear and simple manner, the necessity of regulating our conduct by some fixedstandard, a schoolmaster asked a pupil what he ought to do with his watch if it went sometimes too fast and sometimes too glow. " Sell it," was the. immediate response. "How P^QH we address yon «ow V.' «uiked an old acquaintance of a newly-created baronet at a friendly snpper the other evening. "Call me • Jack,' aa you always do," JrepJisd :the new baronet; x, but, for HeavenYaake, never omit to address my wife as '.your ladyship.'" A young artist who was displaying his latest work, a picture of a lion, heroio size, to a lady, aaid to the latter's little.boy: "Don't be afraid, little hoy, the lion won't hurt yon. He's not alive." " Ob,: Tin not afraid," xeplied the little boy, V he don't look as if he was alive." The unkindest thing that has recently been aaid about the legal profession is embodied in the remark made in a French Provincial Court the other day to a lander who wss called as a witness. " vuook bare, Brother X—," eaid the : examining counsel, "just lose sight of your professional character for a moment and tell us the truth." .<> You have to work pretty hard, don't yon f*' aaid a good-natured old gentleman toa cardriver. " We'll, yeB, hut I have noi came to complain." "Whynotf" '"Because my boss is so liberal that he gives tte pearly eighteen hours a day to do my work in, " while yon poor i bankers ha veto cro^djourwork into aboutfour hours."'- . " . . , . ! Bdrdette says that a man passing the farm on which the liev. Joseph -Cook is working this -Bnmmer heard a deep sonorous voice cry out : Jike a call of a prophet, Abandon the direct -progression to the straight thitherward, deviate oy inolinatory and aberrant. dextrogyration into the dextxal incidence." ' <it was Ultimate America Saying "gee" to his oxen. A countryman in a restaurant urdered roast lamb, and the waiter bawled to the oook, "One lamb!" '"Great Scott! mister," cried the countryman," I can't eat a hull lamb. Gimme some fried oysters instead." "One fried!' bawled the 'waiter. " Well, Methuselah's ghost! Mister, one fried oyster hain't goin' to be enough. Gimme a dozen of 'em. ' Darn these city eatin'places!" . A. lady in a registry office observed: " I am afraid that little girl won't do for a nurse; she is too small. I should .hesitate to trust her with the baby." Clerk: "Her size,tnadam. we look upon as ber^reateist rcommedation." Lady: " Indeed 1 But. she is so very • snudl." Clerk: "I know that.'she' is diminutive; but .you should remember that when she drops a ibaby it doesn't have Very far tofall." < A faRner was leading a calf in a halter, but on approaching the rise of a bodge the stupid . brute refused to move further. The farmer, .seeing the rural postman coming towards him, said to him: "Mister postman, wad ye jist gi'e a blawahint the calf and mak' it come on?" The postman,"keen for the business, gave a shrill blast with hu horn, ana with one bound the animal cleared the wall of the bridge, and fell into the running stream beneath. The farmer firstlooked at the postman, and then exclaimed : " Man, that was far ower big a blast for a oalf!" \- The following is Josh Billing's notion of a thoroughbred gentleman:—A bobtail coat,' a gennie papur toller, a white kotten weakit, yaUer trowsers without any cloth into the legs, shiny lether boots, a pair of jaller.gloyes, and inade of 'em sll a thing got lip in imitation of a man, but, as the kounterfeiters eay, .poorly executed; and not kalkerlated to. deseve. Mus • ta8£ .indiepensabul, and braheS onnecessaty. Fine spedmens on exhibition. Sq&e; time ago a gentleman found a large turnip in hie field, of tho shape of a man's head, and wifh the resemblance of the feature of a man. ' Struck -with the enriosity, he had a cast made from it, and sent the cast to a society of phrenologists, stating that it was taken from the head of Baron Turenpourte, a celebrated Polish professor, end requested their opinion thereon. After. sitting in judgment, they scientifically examined the oast, in which they declared that they had discovered an unusual prominence, which denoted that he was a man Of an acute mind and deep research, that hehad the organ of qnick perception, and also of perseverance, with another that indicated credolity. The opinion was transmitted to the owner of the cast, with a letter, requesting as a particular favour that he would Bend them (he head. To this he politely replied, "That he ?»onld *fllingly do ao. but was prevented, as he mid' his family had eaten it the day before' witb 1 their mutton at dinner." - 