THE MYSTERIOUS TENANT. CHAPTER III. WAS HE WISE! Tho summer waned slowly, very slowly for that quiet dweller m SearsdaleHermitago, whose monotonous days were unbroken by any event, almost unvaried by so much as a communication from the outer world. Those who took care to keep themselves •well acquainted with Georgo Pauncefort's habits were aware that he received scarcely any letters. The man who carried letters and papers to the big house rarely went out of his way to penetrate the thickets amongst which Mi. Pauncefort's retreat lay hidden. The newspapers were duly sent from Boxborough station every afternoon, and by their means alone was Sir Jasper's tenant made acquainted with the great political tempests and the small social ripples on the tide of human life. He was not a talking man. His servant had travelled with him for fifteen years, sleeping in the tent with him in the desert, resting with him by lonely wells under the.shadow of Miican mountains, sharing dangers from man and beast; and yet there was little confidence or familiarity between the master and man. The servant kept his place as well as if ho and his employer had never quitted Belgravia. He was a model retainer, a Protean domestic, entirely free from the pretentious cleverness, the. bustling activity, common to your Jack of all trades. He could cook a dinner, or groom a horse, or lay-out the paraphernalia of his master's toUet with equal despatch and completeness: but hvs service at the Hermitage was a very easy one, for Mr. Pauncefort's habits wet®, almost as simple as those of an anciwrite, and he had an absolute aversion to. anything in the way of obsequious, attention. Indeed, to sit late into the solemn quiet of the chill honrs that follow midnight, reading in heavy brown-backed folios or quaint black letter volumes; to smoke bowl after bowl of Turkish tobacco in tho blackmuEzled meerschaum,—seemed Mr. Pauncefort's only idea of domestic enjoyment. His days he 6pent in rambling far and wide about the fair pastoral country, utterly rcckless of, and indifferent to, the changes in the weather, seeking out hidden nooks and world-forgotten villages, dotted on broad masses of common land, or lying deep under a cluster of towering hills? Sometimes, after wandering very far afield, he would takeanight'sshelter in some remote village inn, little better than a beereliop as to itscapacity for accommodating travellers. Unlike most reserved men, George Pauncefort was able to make himself at home any. where, and would smoke his black muzzled companion in a chimney-corner, amidst a little cluster of -village bumpkins, with as much apparent satisfaction as in the solitude of his own chamber. Perhaps he was rather self-contained than reserved in disposition. He was entirely independent of his fellow-men—or as entirely so as any human creature can be; but he in no way resembled the conventional misanthrope; and if circumstances called upon him to do so, he could let himself down to the level of the commonest and most ignorant of his kind without any awkward creaking of his intellectual machinery by which the lettingdown process might be betrayed. He never attempted to patronise; he never made the faintest effort to assert his superiority; he wore a thread-bare shooting-coat, and riding-boots that were rusty with long wear; but he never yet had found the rustic boor so slow of perception as to fail to recognise his position as a gentleman. I have said that Geerge Pauncefort carried upon him, so deeply branded as to be visible even to the most ignorant eyes, the stamp of some great sorrow; a sorrow of the remote past, it seemed to be; a sorrow that had been conquered and lived down, leaving the conqueror enfeebled by tho anguish of the struggle, scarred by tho hitter blows dealt against him in the long fight, bnt not utterly shattered. Time had passed, and he had buried his great trouble, and had trampled on its grave; hut tho ghosts of such bitter ngonios will haunt us long after the woe itself is past and dead; and the man calling himself Georgo Pauncofort had his phantom. In dreams, in the dread wakeful hours of the quiet night, the spsctre arose boforo him, the old pangs rent iiim, tho cicatrised wounds opened again to pour forth new torrents of blood—that impalpable heart's blood which wo shed in such an agony. Do you remember that story—a madman's story, as I think—of a man who murdered his enemy, and ever after, so long as ho lived, on the anniversary of that hideous day, found tho corpse of his victim, and had to got rid of it 3 Once he found the loathsome thing lying in his berth at sea, and was fain to summon up unnatural strength, and hurl it into the ocean ; on another anniversary he came np it in the desert, and buried it deep beneath tbo burning sands. But, let him bury it or hide it wheresoever or howsoever he would, when the dreaded day came round, the thing was there, and his work had to be done again. Does not this story seem something like an allegory? Surely there are some amongst us who have slain a sorrow and buried it,—not once, hut many times,— only to find tho dreadful thing lying in wait for us in the quiet of our chambers? But it is possible to smile and talk pleasantly enough with our fellow-men despite some lurking dread of that possible corpse lying up stairs, and not polite enough to confine its horrible intrusions to any given day in the year. The broken-hearted people manage somehow to hold their own in the world. All through the bright autumn weather Mr. Pauncefort found life as agreeable as life can well be to a man who has neither wife nor child, father nor mother, nor even the " bosom friend, dearer than all." Whatever pleasure can be derived from the solitary contemplation of English landscape, amidst the corpses and valleys, the hills and streamlets, of one of the fairest of English shires, was his. Whatever delight a man can derive from his favorite authors and .his favorite tobacco was also his. . The days were rather monotonous, perhaps; very fclow in their progress, very brief tolook back upon, for they melted imperceptibly one into another like the hours that pass in a dreamless slumber, leaving no mark behind them. It was only when he saw tho fem redden under the sombre shadow of the spreading oaks that ho .could well bring himself to believe he had been for 12 months a dweller in the Hermitage. Yes, October had come again, and the first year of George Pauncefort's tenancy had expired; a very quiet and peaceful year, leaving no more interesting record behind it than the bill of the West-end tobacconist, who supplied Sir Jasper's tenant with mild Turkish. October had come again; and early in the month George Pauncefort found himself once more on the Jong terrace in front of Scarsdale Abbey. An insignificant accident had led him thither in the bright midsummer sunshine; an insignificant accident brought him there now in the still October afternoon. One of the clumsy old chimneys at the Hermitage had given signs of imminent decay, and Air. Pauncefort came to make some common inquiry of Sir Jasper's housekeeper respecting the proper people to sat about the necessary repairs. He had been away on one of his rustic expeditions for the last two days and nights, and had returned to find the thatched roof of the j Hermitage in jeopardy, and the deaf old woman tormented by vague fears as to the chances of being buried alive at any moment under the ruins of a falling habitation. It was only in search of a bricklayer that Sir Jasper's tenant came to tho Abbey in the low yellow light of an autumn sunset; only in search of a bricklayer, and he found —what ? Tbo opeuing chapter of life's romance is gonerally very commonplace. Even on the stage, where the beautiful and the ideal are supposed to bo paramount over stern reality, the grandest tragedies are apt to bogin with tho conventional greetings of two gontlemon meeting in a street, or tbo vulgar talk of a first and second citizen. George Pauncrifort was in rather a dreamy mood this afternoon. Ho had exhausted a good deal of physical oncrgy during his rambles of the lust eight-find-forty hours, and a pleasant languour had succeeded tho active frame of mind that is generally oogendered by mounlain- airand pedestrian ism. It was pleasant to hiin in this * state of feeling to linger a little on the terrace, watching the red sunlight fade behind tho western woods; and he lingered. The best pleasures of his life were only uuch pleasures as these—a dreamy sense of rapture in tho still beauty of a twilight landscape, a gentle happiness in the contemplation of a glorious sunset. He lounged with his arms folded on the broad stone balustrade, watching the fading light, and quite unaware that there was anything but a long row of black windows behind him, when the creaking of ahingo roused him from that most delicious state of mind popularly knoirn as " thinking of nothing." Ho turned quickly, and found himself face to fuce with a lady who was standing on the threshold of an open French window. One glance at the pale face upon which the low light was shining was quite enough to reveal the lady's identity. Tho little aquiline nose, the broad forehead, the rippling brown hair pushed away behind a delicate rose-tinted ear, wore very familiar to him, though he had only seen them once in a schoolgirl's careless sketch of her own profile. Marcia Denison had one of the face8 that are always remembered by those who look upon tbem—not for their beauty, but because of their individuality. Amongst all the faces in a crowdod ballroom, Sir Jasper's tenant would have been able to select the face of tho girl whose sorrjwful story had beguiled him in the idle hours of a summer's day. She was a woman now, with a well-bred woman's perfect self-possession; and her look and attitude, as she stood with her hand on the fastening of the open window, were sufficient to tell Mr. Pauncefort that she had opened it on purpose to speak to him. Ho took off his hat as he approached her. " Miss Denison, I believe," he said ; and then, as tho graceful head was slightly bowed in assent, ho added, " I really have to apologise for giving myself up to the contemplation of nature from a stand-poiut exactly in front of your window; but I had no idea that the family had returned. I came to make some inquiries of Sir Jasper's housekeeper." "Papa has heard of the fallon chimney, and will be very glad to talk to you about it, if you will be good enough to come into his room. He is an invalid, and cannot venture out in this autumn weather." Mr. Pauncefort passed through the window at which Mjss Denison had been standing, and found himself in Sir Jasper's study. The bronze Neptune was looming darkly upon a grey-haired weary-looking man, who reclined in a low easy-chair, with his head lying hack upon the cushions, and his worn hut handsome features lighted up by the glow of a great coal-fire, upon the top of which burned a huge log of wcod. The room was oppressively warm ; but Sir Jasper gave a peevish little shiver as he turned his head towards the open window by which his tenant had entered the room. " My dear Marcia, how much longer are you going to keep that window open?—I beg your pardon, Mr. Pan nee fort. Yery happy to seo you, and make your acquaintance; but sorry to do so under the disadvantage of an east-wind. Pray sit down. You don't care to come nearer the fire ? Ah, I thought as touch. You are a hardy pedestrian, I bear; a traveller, with all manner of terrific advantages to boast of. You please yourselves, you others I For my own part, I never outstep the limits of civilisation. Civilisation has been throe or four thousand years coming to me; and I really don't see the ustification of running away from it. Marcia, more coals." Miss Denison bid her hand upon the bell. She was standing at tho corner of the mantelpiece, with her elbow resting on tho broad slab of marble; and in the dim glimmor of the firelight tho tall slim figure, so picturesque in its perfect repose, looked almost like the image of a mediaeval saint keeping guard over a tomb. Sitting on tho further side of the room, and at some distance from her, George Pauncefort had ample time to contemplate Marcia Deniwhile the chilly Baronet discussed tho condition of bis tenant's retreat, and debated the advisability of calling in an architect to survey tho premises. The placo has been lapsing into decay for tho last 50 years," said Sir Jasper. There has been piecing aud patching going on, more or less, ever since I can remember. The country people rejoice in tho falling of ft chimney or tho crumbling of a wall; and put down all dilapidations to the account of a certain gentleman, in a duel under that ivy-mantled roo£ Do you ever 6ce any ghosts at the Hermitage, Mr. Pauncefort ?" A good many; but not tho ghost of the fair-haired cavalier." Ah, you brought your phantoms with you, I suppose. Well, my dear sir, we must do our best to make tbo place comfortable with a little more patching and piecing; in the meantime, if there is the slightest apprehension of danger, I beg that you will take up your quarters in this house until the bricklayers have set things right. I shouldn't mind spending a little money upon tho decent restoration of the old place ; its traditions are worth something; and thorc arc dark stains on the flooring of the lower room, which stand very well for blood. I shouldu't mind spending money, if I thought you would care to retain your present abode for any length of time. A respectable tenant—a single gentleman of quiet habits—is always the highest desire of a landlord's heart. Seriously, then, Mr. Pauncefort, how long dy you purpose inhabiting the Hermitage V " To tell tho trnth, Sir Jasper, the question is rather perplexing to me. j have been thinking of " He stopped abruptly, with his daik eyes bent on the ground. For fifteen years before this autumn evening, he had not once been a guest in a decent English home. Tho atmosphere of Sir Jasper's study was new to him; the quiet presence of a wellbrod woman stirred him with a faint thrill of pleasure, engendered out of the very novelty of the sensation. For' fifteen years he had been a wanderer in tho wildest and. loneliest regions of the earth ; and the glimmer of firelight in a handsome chamber, the rustle of a woman's silken gown, the fitful shimmer of diamonds on a slim white hand, were almost as strange to him as they might have been to the rudest peasant-lad weeding turnip-fields for six- pence a day upon Sir Jasper's estate. " You were thinking of leaving us," said the Baronet, taking up George Pauncefort's unfinished sentence. " I'm not surpriaed t) hear it. The Hermitage is an unlucky place; aud I don't suppose any respectable tenant will endure a long lease of its gloom and ruin. I'm sorry to thing we are likely to lose yon: for I had looked forword to some social winter evenings, in which you might have indulged us now and then with a graphic sketch of African adventure. I should really have enjoyed a little vicarious peril and privation. What can be more delicious than to exist for three days and nights without food or water?—to feel the ponderous paw of a lion on your chest, and his hot breath on your faco, while a dull numbness stagnates your blood, and holds you as powerless as some heavy sleeper under tho thrall of the nightmare ?—to spend half-a-dozen hours, holding on for dear life, at the top of a palm-tree, with a tropical sun blazing above your uncovered head, and a hungry tiger prowling below your dangling heels ?—in short, to have all tho sensations of danger whose actual risk and anguish have been enduredi by other people ? To be frank with you, Mr. Pauncefort, I have a fancy that there ought to bo some sympathy between you and me. I have turned my back upon the world for the last few years of my life, and have lived as much apart from my race as a man can live who is too much of a Sybarite to dispense with the comforts of civilisation, and too much an invalid to exist without medical science. I think there must be a little of the misanthrope in your nature, or you would scarcely have lived for a twelvemonth against tbo dreariness of Scarsdale wood. However, you can hold out no longer, and you are about to leave us. I ought to have anticipated as much. Miss Denison had seated herself in a low chair opposite her father. A little table stood near her, with a heap of new books and magazines ; and 6he was cutting open the leaves of a periodical with a paperknife, whose jewelled handle glimmered fitfully in tho firelight. Sir Jasper's tenant found himself following the motions of the whitehandandtheglitteriugknife. Itwasso very long since he had seen an elegant woman silting at a comfortable fireside, while the autumn wind was moaning in the outer gloom beyond tho curtained windows, like somo banished wretch exiled for ever from the sacred shelter of home. He looked at the quiet figure, whose harmonious lines melted one into another and blended impercebtibly with the warm shadows of the background, almost as ho might have looked at a picture. He looked at the quiet figure, and remembered the story of Marcia Denison's chilhood. The neglected girl had grown into an elegant woman, with a certain calm beauty of her own,—a beauty of form rather than colour or expression. There aro plants which will flourish without sunshine; but they are generally pale fragile blossoms at the best. Marcia Denison had grown to womanhood without tho warm light of love; and George Pauncefort was beguiled by the fancy that a stranger might have read something of her story from her face and manner. The perfect self-possession, the graceful reposo, seemed to ho the natural attributes of a woman from whose life all passionate omotions had been banished. No fierce throbs of jealousy had ever rent her bosom; the hopes and fears, the painful uncertaiutio?, the agonising doubts, which wait upon the happiest of earth's affections, hud never shaken her nature from its placid repose. An elegant woman, a lady in the highest sense of.the word, Marcia Denison looked calmly out upon a world which had given her little joy, and could scarcely bring her any very terrible sorrow. Mr. Pauncefort hesitated a little before he answered Sir Jasper's very friendly speech. 'The paper-knife travelled steadily on : the white hand appeared and disappeared as the light of the burning log leapt up into sudden lifo, or died away into darkness; fitful aud shadowy as those spirit-hands of which wo hear so much I certainly have been thinking of leaving this part of tho couutry," George Pauncefort said at last; " but I really have neither decided upon when I should go, nor where I should go. I have been so long a traveller, that English life is apt to seem a little tame and fiat. As for the dreariness of my present quarters, that has never been disagreeable to me. I am fonder of a book and a pipe, or an early ramble on a great waste of common-land, than of all the gaieties of the univcrso. There are very few reasons why I should leave the Hermitage—perhaps scarcely one substantial reason—and there are many inducements for me to remain. Sir Jasper, will you permit mc to ask you a question, aud will you believe me when I assure you that it is not an impertinent one ? " u With all my heart." " You said just now that you had turned your back upon the world. Am I to attribute any real significance to that expression ; or, in other words, am I to understand that you are not likely to fill the Abbey with visitors % I know that I have no possible right to ask such a question ; but one of the chief delights of the Hermitage has been that it really is a hermitage. I am so much a misanthrope as to dread tho invasion of jovial young sportsmen among the fern and underwood that surround my den. 1 ' " Then you m^y banish all fear of any such infliction," answered the Baronet decisively. " You may have heard, perhaps, that a great affliction fell upon me some years since. From that time to this I have lived a solitary life, now in one place, . now in another. My daughter Marcia has been good enough to endure all my fancies, and to resign the associations and amusements which aro supposed to be necessary to a young lady's happiness. She has relations who would be very glad to find a brighter and more fitting home, for her; but she is so kind as to prefer remaining with me. Tou need fear no sporting youth amongst the fern, Mr. Pauncefort. I have no intention of filling my house with peoplo I don't care about, or ruining my health in a futile attempt to sustain the popular notion of a good old English squire. I came back to Scarsdale because—because I was utterly weary of all the rest of the world, I think ; and I mean to live my own lifo in defiance of the frowns of all the country. I don't believe in tho common talk about a rich man's duty to society ; aud I don't feel myself called upon to turn my house out of wiudows in oider that thoro mny bo waste and liot in the scrvanls'-liall and extortionate profits for the Roxborough tradesmen. I fancy that a man has a right to his own life and to bear his burden after his own fashion. It is only your hired jester who is bound to swallow his tears, and bo merry at tho pleasure of his audience. No, Mr. Pauncctort, there will be no high-jinks at tho Abbey because Marcia and I have returned. It will be only a big empty house, with two very quiet occupants, who will always be glad to see you when the natural sociability of the gregarious auimal is strong upon you, aud who will not be offended with you for stopping away at other limes. And now I suppose it's a settled thing ? You will stop; aud I may send the bricklayers to patch up theHermitago to- morrow." 1 1 You are very pood. Yes, I shall consider myself settled for some time to come. If you would wish me to take the placo for a term of years " " Not at all. A willing tenant and an agreeable acquaintance I shall be delighted to retain; but an unwilling tenant may shake the dust of Scarsdale from his shoes whenever ho pleases to do 60. You will dine with us to-day 1 The second boll will ring in five minutes. Bali!" exclaimed Sir Jasper, answering a doubtful look with which George Pauncefort regarded the lusty sleeve of his shcotiugcoat, "never mind your dress. Do you think we cannot take any pleasure iu your society because you don't happen to wear the regulation swallow-tail tmd cnmbiic cravat? For my own part, I dine in ray dressing-gown, and am limited to wretched slops, prescribed by my medical man. There will bo fish and a chicken, I daro say, for my daughter ; and if you appreciate the lighter Rhino wines, you will have no causo to find fault with my collar." A great bell, clanging high in a windy cupola, pealed out upon the night; and an elderly and stately-looking butler announced dinner almost at tho same moment. "Come, Mr. Pauncefort, we are of tho Diogenes family. Pray let there be no ceremony between us. Give your arm to my daughter, and forget all about your shooting-coat." The 13aronet lifted himself out of his easy- chair, and stood erect upon the hearth, —a tall weird-looking figure, in a long rubyvelvet dressing-gown, which rather resembled tho robe of some alchemist or astrologer of tho darker ages than the costume of one of Burke's landed gentry. Mr. Pauncefort offered his arm to Marcia Denison almost involuntarily, for he was moro inclined to refuse than to accept his landlord's invitation $ and the next minute he found himself following Sir Jasper to tho dining-room with Sir Jasper's daughter on his arm. I assure you that it is a real act of benevolence to stay with papa," she said, during the short progress from the study to the dining- room; " he is always so much better when ho has pleasant society." They dined in a snug little oaken wainscoted chamber at one end of the corridor; and before the fish was removed Georgo Pauncefort found himself entirely at his ease in the society so unexpectedly thrust upon him. Sir Jasper expanded under tho infiuonce of a boiled solo aud a glass of hock. He was a man who liked to hear himself talk, and who could talk pretty well, iu rather a superficial manner, about anything and everything. Ho had your true talker's instinctive faculty of discovering a good listener; and he had found ono in Georgo Pauncefort. Not your stupid listener, who gazes at you with the fixed stare of rapt admiration, and llounders disially in the endeavor to reply to you, thereby too clearly revealing that he has not understood a word you have been saying ; nor yet your 6elf-absorbed listener, who abandons himself to his own reflections while you talk to him, and strikes in with a vacant grin and a " God bless my soul!" whenever you come to a full stop. Mr. Pauncefort was of the sterling metal,—the thoughtful listener, who weighs every word you say to him, and comes smashing against your pet theories with all the force of a vigorous Intellect and tho spirit of a born debater. Sir Jasper's face lighted up as the simple little dinner proceeded, for he fancicd ho had found the creature ho had been long looking for; a companion—a man whoso solitary habits resembled bia own, and who could afford to fall into the ways of his host without going out of his own way to do it. " We suit each other—or I venture to believe wo shall suit each other, Mr. Pauncefort," said Sir Jasper when the stately butler and bis subordinate had departed, leaving a very unpretending dessert of big round pears and ruddy-choekod peaches. " Marcia, I verily believe that I have discovered an acquaintance who will understand me, aLd whom I shall be able to understand. You may smile ; but 1 assure you, my dear sir, the experience of a very dreary exile has taught me bow rare a creature is a congenial acquaintance. I won't say a friend, for the word has a tainted flavor to my taste. It seems such a thoroughly understood thing that your bosom friend is a man who falls in love with the woman you want to marry, wins all your monoy at ccarle, and shoots 3'ou through the lungs some chilly morning before sunrise in swampy field on the Essex coast. Yes, a congenial acquaintance is the real rara avis, the impossible bird seldom found in any earthly nest. So long as I lived in the world, I was content to take my fellow-men for what they were worth. At the head of a long dinner-table it matters littlo to a man what bis guests are worth en detail. He only wants them to be decent fellows cn gros; and if they arc but sufficiently noisy, if one man tolls a little hunting-story against the master of a rival pack and if another man recites the last canard current in Belgravia, and there are none of those dismal pauses in which a kind of mental paralysis seems to mark every creature for its own,—he has no right to complain. But when a man washes his hands of the world and its follies, when he retires to his kennel, and yearns for an occasional visit from some kindred cynic, then comes the difficulty. He finds only dismal creatures, absorbed in the one delight of their lives— intellectual Paganinis, for ever performing on one string—artists who will talk of nothing but art—literary men who can talk of nothing but literature—political economists who are perambulating editions of Mill and M'Culloch—agriculturists who talk you to death about steam farming and the utilisation of sewage; as if a man who has done with the world could possibly care what the world does with its sewage. There was only Diogenes; and until tonight I have never been able to meet an acquaintance who tastes even in seeming bore any resemblance to my own." It was a long time since Marcia Denison had seen her fkther so entirely expansive in his manner as he was to- night. Her dark-grey eyes brightened as she looked at him; and George, Pauncefort, sitting opposite to her, and looking at her thoughtfully from time to time, saw that she was pleased with her father's pleasure. They went back to the study after dinner; and by-and-by Miss Denison made tea for her father and his guest. Sitting in a low luxurious chair by the great wood-fire, within a few paces of that feminine figure, the pale thoughtful face, the busy hands employed in the occupation that makes a woman 6eem more womanly and charming, it seemed to Sir Jasper's tenant as if the last 20 years of his life melted away, and he was a young man once more, with all a young man's freshness of spirit and happy confidence in the worth of lovely things. Yes, all manner of fresh and gontle feelings came back upon this bruised and battered wanderer in African wildernesses. They came back,—the long-absent, the wellnigh forgotten spirits of peace and love,— and chased the dark and evil dwellers from the mansion they had so long usurped. The man's face seemed to soften ; indeed it was a face whieh always softened when he smiled or spoke to women and children. Hin voice at all times sonorous and musical, sank to a lower and sweeter music as ho sat in Sir Jaspor's study, talking grave speculative talk about the sites of perished empires, whose fantastic splendours have left no better record than a ruined temple or a few quaint hieroglyphics on a broken stone. The great clock in the Searsdale stables struck 11 as George Pauncefort left the Abbey. He walked slowly home in the moonlight, thinking of his quiet evening with a sensation in which wonder was strangely intermingled with a vague fear. " I had so firmly set my face to the darkness," he thought presently, " and I hud learnt to endure its worst horrors,—is it wise to lot in so much as an accidental rav of light t" J (To be tonlinuci) 