THE LITTLE MASTER. [By J. T. Teowbkidge, in the Boston Youth's Companion.] . In Ten Chapters.— Chaptee IX. (Continued.) After a biief survey of the situation, and a contultation with the boys, he divided them into two parties, and explained to them a plan of attack. ' In the first place let us all bring rails from the fence ; then, while Jason and his party build stagings under the. windows and make a diversion that way, Chubb and the rest will have a chance at the underpinning. Bails were brought, and while some were placed at the rear windows, others were used in breaking through the snow-bank on one side and uncovering the weak spot in the wall. Chauncey drew Veet Gerrish apart and pointed out to him the narrow chimney surmounting the end of the low roof. ' If we boost you up on a rail,' he said, ' can you climb up over that spot bare of snow, work your way alosg to the cnimuev, and be ready to do what I tell you ?' Notwithstanding the fact that the turning cut of the new master meant the reinstatement of the old one; namely, Veet's father, Veet was on Cbauncey's side in the contest; in which, indeed, Mr. Gerrish had no part. Veet answered that he could and would, and after receiving his instructions started in high glee to ascend the rail. With Jason's help he reached the roof and clambered to the tidge. This feat was witnessed, as far as the condi tion of things would permit, by those inside the school-room, who, seeing Veet'* legs dis- ' appear over the edge of the roof, set up a jeer ing shout. ' He's going to coice down through 'the chimney,' they cried, which seemed to them a good joke, since the. chimney had no opening below except into the high stovepipe at the end of the'Bchool-room. Cbaun'cey was willing to amuse' them that way ; for by this time Chubb's stone had been found and displaced. It had taken a few minutes to remove it on account of the imbed ding enow, but at last an opening was made by which a good-sized boy could crawl in on all fours. Chubb led the way, disappearing in the dark cavity, and others threw their caps off, pieparing to follow. Chauncey now mounted a support of rails under one of the rear windows, which were high, the ground on which the schoolhouse stood falling away towards the river. From that position he could get a view of what was going on inside, and divert attention from the real point of attack. He was at the end of the house, beside the chimney, which Veet had now reached ; and looking up, the master could see the boy looking down, holding on by one hacd: and watchirjgfor the signal agreed upon. Veet, it may be observed, had taken his overcoat off and laid it on the roof, which to the school children, below must have teemed a very strange thing for him to do, perched up there in the cold wind. Could it be to make himself smaller for his anticipated descent of the chimney-flue and the stove pipe* Cbacncey made a motion for him to wait where he was ; amd put his face close to tbe glirxiscering pant s. Jason was at his elbow, and two or three others were climbing up be hind them on the loose support of rails. The other end of the house, which was the ironr, was partitioned off ? into ? the entry and the girl's cloak-room which adjoined - it. Lookibg acrose,' ChaTincey' could' tee'tktt the entry-door was wide open, while that leading from the schoolroom into the girlB1 room was nearly closed, a circumstance which favored Chubb's scheme. He was also pleased to see Lester Coraon putting fresh wood into the stove, as if preparing fora long siege. He smiled like wise, thoughgrimly, at Sam Coles, whowasdraw ing a caricature on the blackboard ; a grotesque figure in enormous spectacles, meant, of course, for the master, who was watching it. At sight of the supposed assailants at the window, Otis and Beanfield, who were on the watch, took up each a billet of stove- wood and stood ready to repel the assault. Chauncey rapped smartly on the saeh and cried out in ringing tones — ' John Otis ! Noah Beanfield ! pat dowa those sticks and open that outside door! You're getting yourselves into trouble.' John and Noah, looking Ecared and anxious, turned to say something to Lester. 'Samuel Coles !' shouted the master, 'you'd better leave that interesting .work of art and let me in ; I'll give you a sitting !' The fcand that held the chalk dropped awkwardly by the artist's side as he turned with a sheepish, frightened sort of laugh to bis companions. Lester said something in a low voice, and having shut the stove- door with a resounding clapg caught up the heavy icon poker, with which he marched to the window where Chauccey stood. For the first time since their encounter on that floor master and pupil faced ei-sh other. There is no deadlier hate than tha| of a friend who has greatly wionged a friend and become, his foe. Such a foe was Lester, and such hate glittered in his eyes^ ' Get down from there, Old Spectacles !' he ciied, brandishing his poker, while John and Noah backed him up with their billets. ' Or, if you want what I owe you, come on !' Chauncey was glad to speak a word to the bumptious youth, even through glass ; and at tbe same time to favor his sappers and miners beneath the house. '* What do you owe me, Lester Corson ?' he exclaimed, eyeing him steadily, and never flinching, although the formidable bar of iron might at any moment go crashing through the glass into his face. ' To turn you out ; that's part of the debt, and I've paid it,' answered Le3ter, with haughty fierceness. ' You've had your day. You needn't flatter yourself that you have any right here. My father sent me to lock up the scncolhouse, and I've done it — with you out side.' ' Lester Corson !' repeated thq master sternly, 'think what this schaolhouae is for ! Think what it once was to you, wh9n you couldn't say enough in} acknowledgment of what I was doing for you and the school ! How have I ever injured you ? What was the be ginning of all this miserable warfare.? It began in your own proud, selfish, ungrateful conduct, and you know it, .Lester?' 'JNo matter how it began,' said Lester, 'this is the way it is going to end.' ' Never !' cried Cbavuacey. ' Even if you triumph over me that will not end it for you. The memory of the wrong you have done will rankle in your heart — if you: have a heart— all j our life. You can never forget tha^ it is you who have brought all this trouble on yourself, and me, and .the school, by your foolish, your worse than foolish, your almost fiendish spite. Not for all the triumphs in the world, Lester Corson, would I have that on my conscience, or the it collection of having wronged anybady as you have wronged the school and me.' Lester ttood sullenly scowling. What answer be would have made, if any, I cannot say ; for just then Sam Coles uttered a cry of alarrr. He had been standing with the guilty chalk still in bis fingers, a spectator of what was going on at the window, when a noise ia the cloak-room attracted his attention. He ran to it, and beheld the apparition of ahead and a pair of shoulders coming up through the floor. Cobwebs in the hair and snow on the back added to the strangeness of the effect. But Sam knew very well it was no ghost. He re cognised Sjl Chubb, who sprang up aud at him just as he uttered his astonishing cry, and re coiled, pulling the door after him. He had the advantage of the bow-shaped handle on his side, while there was nothing but the old-fashioned little iron latch on the other. But Chubb was too quick for him. He caught the door itself and held on to prevent his shutting it, while he shouted for help to his comrades following Mm through the floor. Otis and Beanfield. and finaliv I.e5ter himself rushed to Sam's assistance, and in the struggle Chauncey could not for a minute see which side was getting the advantage. The door swayed to and fro— now threatening to shut altogether and exclude the assailants, then to fly wide open and let them into the school room. {Suddenly there arose a howl of pain and rage, just at a moment when Lester's side appeared to win. The door was closed or very nearly closed, only somebody's fiogers were ia it. It was the owner oE the fingers who yelled. 'It's Lep! He's ketchei !' Jason fairly shrieked with delight in Chauucey's car. The way it happened was simple enough. While Chubb aad his comrades on one side were pulling the door open, Lester dropped his poker and Beanfield his billet, and grasping the edge of the door, pulled with all their might the other way, to aid Coles and Otis, who was tugging at the handle. Only two of Chubb's followers had got through the floor, and ihey quickly saw that the battle was going against them. Thereupon, in obedience to Chubb, who perceived an oppor tunity for a neat turn, all let go at once; and instead of hauling any longer at the door, they ihrew themselves against it. Beanfield was nimble enough to leave only two fingers in the crack. But Lester, in his blind fury, held on while the crushing weight of Chubb and his companions closed the door' upon his two hands. Beanfield succeeded, after a jerk or two, in getting away alto gether, leaving the entire preaBure to come upon the CorEon digits. Nor was it simply the weight of those pushing which they had to bear. It was some time — a terribly long time it seemed to Lester — before Coles and Otis took in the situation, and ceased to pull ! 'Oh, stop! Push! Push! You're cutting my hands in two !' yelled Lester. He -was not very popular, even with his patty, and I am inclined to think they were not sorry to hear the haughty young tyrant of the school cry out in the agony of his cracking knuckles like any common mortal. They hastened to help him, however ; and as thosa who had pulled were now pushing, so those who had pulled the other way began also to push. Beanfield took up the poker Lep had dropped, inseited it into the crack, and pried to enlarge it; Then all at once Lep reeled backward, wiithing over his released hands. He did not once look up at the window to see if the enemy enjoyed his discomfiture. He was now out of the combat. But the door was closed, and the poker thrust into the handle, to hold it against the Chubb party, who foand themselves shut in the little cloak room, unless they chose to crawl out the way they had crawled in. Then all at once the stove poured forth a dense volume of smoke, which rolled oat and swiftly filled the room. The wood Lester bad last put in had just bad time to get well kindled, when Veet, at a signal from Chauncey, laid his coat over the top of the chimney and shut off the draught. Pei haps thoEe within thought Veet was coming down through the flue and stovepipe, after alL There was no stopping the smoke. Lester, still nursing bis disabled hands, kicked open the stove door ; but that seemed to let out only a blacker cloud. Blinded, choking, he ran to a side window, which Beanfield was opening, but before he could put out his head, a rail was thrust in. Jason Cobhouse was at the other end of the rail. At the same time Otis and Coles made a rush for the entry, followed by the Chubb party, who were now five in number, and who threw open the cloakroom door as the poker dropped from the handle. A minute later the rebels had fled ; door and windows were wide open ; Veet's coat, at a call from the master, was pulled from the chimney-top, and the.room was rapidly clear ing of smoke, Chauncey rapped on his desk. 'The school will come to order !' he said, wiping first his glasses and then his tearful eyes. He had kept his word. And yet it can hardly be said that he had opened the school 'asufcual.' (To be continued.) A very sudden death took place in Port Pirie on Wednesday week, by which a young man (Pilot Bartlett) in the prime of life and robust health was cut off. Deceased _ only complained of an unpleasant sensation in his head from a slight cold during Monday and Tuesday, and was about the town on those days in his usual way, apparently none the worse, but during the early part of Tuesday night he said he felt more unwell, and had a pain spreading over his head. At midnight he was insensible, and remained eo till his death, about 24 hours after wards. Drs. Stewart and Parkinson, from Crystal Brook, were in attendance, but it appears the case was hopeless from the first, a malf oimation of bone (caused from au accident or a box in the ears during his youth) having prevented an abscess which had formed and broken from exuding through the ear, and thus causing it to spread to the brain. Deceased was some few years ago in the Victorian coasting trade as a shipmaster, atd about five years since was in the inter colonial trade as master of the barque Zjrab. Two or three years back le settled m irott Piiie as a pilot. His life is insured in the Colonial Mutual Office, and he leives a wife and two or three children. The medical men. in the interests of science, have ex pressed a desire to make a Eurgical examination if the widow's objection can be got over. Dr. Parkinson did operate before death as soon as called in (Wednesday noon) with a view to attract an outward discharge of the absces*, but without avail. All the flags at Port Pirie wf re at half xtast on Thursday, and much i-jropstby is expressed with the bereaved fan iiy. 