THE STORYTELLER. ?j: Ghost or Guardian, .;?, ,.r ? ,.,- (Continued.) ;;:, ' 1' ,.; chapter it. ,IK A BOTAWIC OABDEN'. The doctor and bis guest ate their luncHedS' together. Patience 'did not make her appearence till the meal was nearly over, when ahe came in with her hat on and a big white Shetland shawl wound round and round her shoulders, as though ahe had been walking. Her eyes looked red; she fussed a good deal orer Her uncle, as people do when they want to make amends for some little outbreak of temper. Had he enjoyed his luncheon ? she asked ; should sho fetch him his pipe— his paper ? all which attentions the doctor received siucerely and in differently, as though it were a matter of every-day occurrence, first to be pierced with a cutting north-eaBt gale and then all at once to have a soft south wind fanning, one's cheek. . 'Fraiib, looking from one to the other, said to himself : 'Those two will lead a stormy life together, unless one of them alters v.ery much. And whoever turns over '' ' a'new leaf, depend upon it, it won't be the, doctor. ?While you have your hat on my dear.' eaid the doctor, breaking in sud denly ..upon Patience kindly cross qu.9ati6.ning, ?'.' you might as well take Mr Charteris round my garden — my garden, you understand ! I dare say you've found it pleasant walking.'' Patience bit her lip to keep back a retort. If walking in damp fields and faggy* lRn.es. ever can be a pleasant pastime, it certainly is not so when one is putting to one's self a string of melancholy questions, such as : Why does he do it ? Why won't to let me ;loye:him? Why does he tease and Vqrry me whenevor we are five min utes in .the same room? It's the hun dred and fiftieth time he has tried to tell me that ghost story. Why won't he understand that I don't intend to listen to it?' . :'?''. .yjou'. explain thoroughly to Mr Ohar ,teris; .the order of .my botanical ar rangement. It must he fresh in your memory. I went deep into the whole ?apjence of artificial botanical classifica tion with you only the day before yesterday.' 'If,' said Patience under her breath, ob Bhe' led-the way through a side door jnto.the grounds, 'ho thinka lean remember the hundredth part of his lecture thp'other day,;he is ( very much ..'mistaken.' I haven't 'the head' for such things. I'm '.never sure which comeVfirst^-the claae/or tho- order, or ,the genus. I hope you'll know, and ,be 'able to arrange tho, plants to your ? « i 'Ii think wo may as well tako it for ' -' granted tha^f tho plants are all right. I'm afl in a f ogr inyselE oh buch matters' answered Frank: ' 'Is this the way to ' the bptanie gardori ? Good heavens I i^vliat a metamorphosis. Ono could iifanjjy. on.e-had suddenly stepped out Hnto another world.1 Patience had turned sharply round \- - the corner of the^house on, descending * ' ' the untidy terrace, .and fheuco had led ?'. u the, way, through a gap. in a formally ' , ^clipped yewrbedge, up a narroYvpatb, . which opened Buddonly into /'the neatest, primmest aid most geometric of gardens conceivable. It appeared to have been, laid .put somewhat on the' ^plan,. oi.ajgeiieaologioal tree i -a big arm of a flower bed stretching out horizontally, smaller flower-beds' de ponding from this perpendicularly, and these smaller beds finishing at their base with others yet more climi niKhed. One and all wore planted in oven rows with a variety of «mall plants, presenting now somewhat of a dejected appearance from an early winter's wear and tear. ' It easy enough to see where the Doctor concentrates his energies,' said Frank, surveying the neatness and order of the whole thing with un qualified admiration. 'Begin at whichever end you like,' said Patience, trying to act the show man gracefully. ' They're all here — orders, classes, genera. You can arrange them for yourself and any way you please. There are the Acoty something somewhere and the Dicoty eomething or. other. Oh, and there's another coty-something somewhere. I've forgotton what it is called, but I know it's here.' From one corner of the garden they could get a gopd view of the house at an angle. Frank paused for a moment, looking up at the front of it. A roomy, comfortable house it must have been in its day. The facade was plain and formal to the last degree, with rows of flat windows, seven in a row,: on each of its three floors, the the only attempt at formation being a shelving ledge of Btone, a little over afoot wide, which ran the length of the frontage beneath the first floor windows. ; Thirty years, however, of dirt and neglect will tranform the most com fortable of houses into the most forlorn ; and assuredly this house looked desolate and forlorn enough to satisfy tho soul of the most ghost loving antiquary who ever grubbed among cobwebby manuscripts. 'The ill-kept pleasure grounds, the winter mist beating down upon it from the hills, seemed still further to accentuate its uninhabited and generally doleful appearance. 'Isn't it an awful looking place ?' asked Patience with a shudder ; 'and ah, the. echoes inside at night, when the doors are all shut and the servants gone,' 'The servants ujone ?' 'Oh yes, they all depart in a body directly it begins to get dark ; they wouldn't sleep in the house if we offered £100 a night, and then we have to wait on ourselves till they come back again in the morning, We have the oddest arrangement in ? the shape of dinner you can imagine. The servants put all we're to have to eat on the table before they go, and we just help ourselves to it.' 'And do you mean to say that you and the Doctor are the only two living souls in that big hoUBO all night ? Why, what miles of empty roons you must have all round you !' On the top floor there isn't a single room in use ; they are all locked up and given up to rats and cobwebs. They are just stuffed with all the old furniture of the house. Uncle Richard brought tho furniture we're using now within, and just three bed rooms above. All the old furniture he had cleared off into the top story, except just one or two pictures he liked.' 'And are those few windows I see curtained the only rooms in use on the first floor V 'Ah, you can't see Uncle Richard's bedroom windows ; they run round the side of the house. Those first three windows, beginning on the left, with brown curtains, are the windows of the spare room ; that will be your room to-night. Then comes the corridor window, then my room windows — the last two to the right wilh green curtains.' _ , ' The last two ! That leaves one win dow unaccounted for — that one next to the corridor window without any curtains.' ' Oh ! it does,' said Patience, sud denly looking grave and puzzled. ' I don't understand it. I always thought my windows were next to the corridor window. You see J haven't been here long, and I've never studied the front of the house before. It's much too dismal-looking to take any interest in.' r I don't suppose you've had time yet to make out the geography of the knnoa * * Ob, yes, I have— on that floor at any rate, and I always have taken it for granted that my room adjoined the corridor. There can't be any room in between j there isn't any door. A picture— a huge one of Curtius taking the leap into the gulf — hangs just out side my door, then oomeB the corridor between my room and the spare room.' ' The Doctor can explain it all, no doubt, when we ask him,' said Frank, sorry he had gone so minutely into the question. But though Patience assented, Bhe no longer essayed to play the , showman. Her manner grew ab straoted; she kept twisting herself into all sorts of awkward positions, as they onceinOre made the rounds of the geometric paths, in her anxiety to keep tho mysterious window Btm in view.. ,??? ? ?-' . \- I hope I haven't frightened her out of her night's rest,' thought Frank. Tlienthe better; td( diyerj;. her thoughts . he began talking of his life in London, his hard: reading, his ? successful pass* ing .of his exams, his ignominious 'breaking down.; ? ' Patience, awoke, to a. deep, sympath etic interest. She was a splendid list ener, not an altogether silent one, but much given to 'those short vehement interjeqtipp3,wl\ich, as it were, put the spurs tothe flank of conversation, and! lendto it an additional briskness. ; 'jTnJ.r'^turH.Bh'o grew confidential also| ^talked a good deal, abriuj;: Jack (the cousin^ not ,the bird), and the , pleasant holidays they had onoe or twice spent together,1 their -talk very soon grew 'personal i»nd friendly* : Given a young man of six-and-twenly with a fluent tongue, and .a. pretty, .girl of eighteen with a frank manner, nnd it could be nothing elsp. It drifted very near the edge of love-making now and again ; hut th'n,as Frnnk jwirl, when onceortwico she grew suddenly shy and reticent, their mothers had been such great friends that it was only natural they should feel at homo with each other. The sound of the Doctor's heavy tread upon the gravel, on thb other Rlrla nf t.hn vnur.liorinrn hpntrA iti tinnn their confidences. He wolliod, as he talked, in emphatic, even measure, which might have given time to a military band playing the triumphal march from Judas Maccabeus. Pati ence'B manner grew slightly con strained at his large head, encasud in a velvet smoking-cap, showed above the yew thicket. She looked straight ahead, as though she did not know he was within ear-shot. ' Fancy,' she said very clearly and distinctly, addressing, Frank, ' anyone spending hours over these wretched little plants that any gardener could look after. If I were a man I would a hundred thousand times sooner go about curinc my fellow-creatures of their illnesses, and — oh, are you there, Uncle Itichard ?' , This added with a great start as though she were just that moment made aware of his pres ence. Now this was very agressive on the part of Patience. One could sympa thize with and forgive her sharp speeches so long as she stood on the defensive ; but to begin an attack in this fashion was altogether unpardon able. It was an odd fact in connec tion with jjr Meredith tuat, rasping, incisive and cynical as his manner invariably was, one never Beemed to feel scathed by it. Frank, all through luncheon, had been talking as though he had known him personally all his lifetime, instead of only by report from his father and mother ; and here was Miss Patience, not content with saying anything that came uppermost on every possible opportunity, bub actually daring to lead of! an attack. The Doctor's velvet cap wrinkled backward and forward at a tremen dous pace. ' Fellow - creatures — fellowcrea tures !' he cried, foolishly rising to the bait. ' Will you be good enough to tell me what my fellow-creatures do for me, that I should put myself out of the way for them ? What possible difference can it make to me whether Mrs Smith in the village falls ill and dies, ' or whether she lives on to the age of Methuselah t Of the two I should say, as one upon a terribly overcrowded planet, it is rather to my interest than otherwise that a hundred or so of Mrs Smiths should depart this life.' Here he passed through the gap in the hedge, and walked abreast with the two. Patience said nothing but turned up her eyes and looked im pressed. The Doctor went on speaking, excitedly and rapidly as before. ' Of all created beings the anthro pologist is to me the greatest marvel. I can only conceive the study of the human race being taken up as a refuge from suicide — and a very poor refuge too. Good goodness, sir !' — this said with a sudden turn upon Frank, which made him start — ' what can people find to interest them in human beings ? There's no diversity among them, no individuality, no salient points to distinguish them from one another. All over the world they are doing the same things, thinking the same thoughts. Nationality makes no dif ference, nor climate, nor diet, nor anything else, so far ns I can see. There they are, like so many limpets on a rock. They are born, they marry, they have children, they die, and go to make the soil of the earth. Now, if you will show mo a corner, of the world where none of those things are done, I shall be very much obliged to you, and shall think the people there have some originality of organism.' ' I'm afraid the task is beyond me,' began Frank. ' Uncle,' here said Patience, ' I'm , going in — I'm cold, and I can't stand science ; bnt ? ' ' She calls this science,' said the Doctor with a groan. Then he went on with his disquisition. ' Now with plants it is far different. The enor mous diversity and variety they pres ent renders natural classification well high an impossibility, and a ponderous artificial system has been introduced which hinders as much as helps for-, ward the science.' ' I knew we should get on to science' murmured Patience. The Doctor looked at her, and then resumed : 'Now the man who introduces a purely, soundly, scientifically, natural system of botany will be one of the greatest benefactors to the race, the world his ever known. But he will need to have- the brain of a philoso pher, the patience— — ' 'Uncle Eichard, I cdn't stand it!' broke in Patience. 'My t?eth are chattering 1 I hate and abhor science. Hut before I go in I want you to toll me about that window next to mine, I never saw it till this afternoon ? -' The Doctor frowned. . 'Patience, my dear,' he said sol emnly, . ?' as I was coming out of the: house your Jack set np Buch a diabolical shrieking that I put one your gloves over his head and tied it around with: a wisp of string, He may , be at the last gasp at the present moment.' ' Oh, how horribly, horribly cruel !; How winked, 'how mean and dreadful I'; cried Patience, getting scarlet, and; setting off at a tremendous pace for! the house. '?...,;' ' ' ! She entered her sitting room, pant-l ing and breathless to. be met with * Jack's ofyeery BoreBob, and to find the; bird perched as usual on_ the top of his cage, flapping his while' wings and nodding his lemon crest. She darted. at hiujj hugged him, kissed him, smoothed his soft. plumage plumage ; then put him into his cage, sank down into her window seat, and burst into tears. 'No, I won't — I won't cry!1 she said boldly enough, with the tenrs running down both cheeks. ' But he does worry the life out of- me ! School was bad enough ; but, oh, I do wibh myself back there a hundred thousand times over !' And then she clutched at her beads — those amber beads still at hnr gir dle — and set to work telling them as fast as possible. ' This year, next year, now, never,' I shall just smash that last bead, and begin all over again ! ' But the beads were propitious for once in a way. Three times (this was fashion in fortune-telling) she selected at random a portion of her necklace, and went through her formula, and each time the final, fateful bead gave back the answer, ' Now. ' She dried her eyes and clapped her hands. ' Now 1 ' she cried, 'Why, he must be coming down out of tho clouds at once !' Then she began to interrogate her sibyl as to the personality of hef deliv erer, ' Tinker, tailor, soldier — ' she began. But voices at this moment fell .upon her ear: ' He was an artist, so they say, and came to stay in the house to finish an 'Assumption of the Virgin,' which some other artist had lefc incomplete. When the father found how despera tely in love the man was with his daughter, and how desperately in love his daughter Mas with him, he grew furious, turned the man out of the house, and threatened his daughter with a convent.' ' A love-Btory — how nice ! ' thought Patience. But what an old horror of a father ! Whoever can Uncle Rich ard be talking about ! ' For it was evidently Uncle Richard and Frank finishing their cigars outside on the terrace before they came in to dinner. Frank's reply was inaudible ; the Doctor's deep-chested tones made themselves heard once more : ' The girl gave up her lover. ' 'How contemptible ! ' cried Patience. 'But, by way, no doubt, of an antidote to melancholy thoughts, she took to alms-giving and other forms of benevo lence. Her father was a rich man, but her demands upon his purse seem to have been at times altogether un reasonable 'Some one is wanting help,' was the usual formula, it is said, with which she began her demands, now for this thing, now for that. It grew to be a by-word in the county. One day in the twilight, as she sat embroidering at her window, a dark figure came beneath, making signals to her. She threw open the window, and leaned out. Patience, strangely fascinated, sat listening to the story. It seemed to her to have a strange, old-world ring in it. ' I need scarcely say it was her artist lover, and that he came to arrange some plan for her escape from her fa ther's' tyranny. Whether Bhe would have agreed to such a thing can never be known. As Bhe leaned out, talking to him, her father suddenly entered the room. Some say that the sound of his voice so Startled her that she lost her balance, fell out, and was picked up dead. Others say that an altercation ensued, and that her father, in a fit of fury, pushed her, and she fell back ward from the window. Anyhow, the legend built upon this story is the same. At the full of the moon — that is, whenever the moonlight falls upon the window— the lady's figure is to be seen seated there with clasped hands. They say she has the whitest of skins, and long black hair reaching to her feet, and wears a dress something of the color of the moonlight itself. But possibly this idea may have been de rived from the picture of the Virgin in the Assumption — in my dining-room at the present moment — which is sup nnRRPfl t.n ho in rpnlitv t\in lnrlr'n nnr. trait by the infatuated artist.' ' And that is why the room is bricked up, I suppose — to keep the poor ghost, from wandering about the house? asked Frank's voice, making itself heard now for the first time. Patience's heart seemed to stand till, and then begin beating at a terri fic pace, as though to make up for lost time. So, then, she had been lis tening to the ghost story she' had so sturdily, refused to bear, and there was a bricked-up chamber adjoining her own ! The doctor's voice resumed : ?It's only half, or, rather, quarter bricked up. I found it in that condit ion when I came, - and to save trouble about the matter, hung a big picture I had, of Curtius taking the fatal leap, over the doorway. Sir ?. Geoffrey Marven, the last owner of the place, began the operation of sealing up the ghost chamber ; but the ghost — so they say— made such a : racket over it that he was forced to give it up' and leave the place.' , ' : 'Did she make a racket when you put up your CurtiuB ?' 'Not a bit of it. iPerhaps the Bub jfecti of- the' 'picture 'was congenial to her ghostly' iinagination. She hasn't tr-)jipled;me a* all. She may have been strongly antipathetic to Sir tieof freyj:O|Udha^ye Bet, her mind uponwoi; tj;ing'the.lif^outiQf him. Sir Geoffrey was a man of i penurious habits and de tested being applied to for alms. ^ His neighbors, .had learned to let him alono. ;Bul;'ms''lady18,gliosti ifc'.,''seetnedj ' wdt fordxey'pjitiiuin^ hint wi^h her: 'Some one is! -wanting: help,', so. , he .began, the :brioking-up:;prooes3; .then' suddenly gave it:up,- ined the .house, ! fled the oountvyj and died' abroad-— somewhere in. Italy, I think. Come let's go in, it's getting chilly. There'll be a full moon to-night, if you like to try your hand nt ghost-seeing.' Patience let fall her beads. In good .truth her fingers trembled si as to lose their grasp of them. ' She drew a long breath, 'Of course,' she said to herselF, 'I don't believe in ghosts, and I won't be lieve in ghosts — no, never to the end of my life ! But, for. all that, I wish I hadn't hftird that story. ' (To be Continued.) 