UNDER FALSE PRETENCES. À. NOVEL : .. ar iDiun IMOZAHT, -, . . AUTHUR O'.' 'JACOBI'S WIFE.' '.MABTIN DEVKBIL'S DIAMOND,' èx. . [CONTINUED FILO M SATUUDAVS ISSUE.I CHAPTER V.-(CONTINUED.) A »HOI' of blood WHS trickling from thc nostril of tho dead mim,-und losing itself in tho thick, black moustache upon his upper lip. It was followed by another or two, and then it stayed. Tho mother did not speak again. Her hand sank ; her eyes were riveted upon Brian's face with a mute reproach. And Brian, although he knew well enough in his sober senses that the phenomenon they lind just seen was merely caused by the breaking of some small blood-vessel in tho brain, such na often occurs after death, was so far dominated by tho impression of tho moment that he walked out of the room, not darius to justify himself in his mother's eyes, not daring to raise his head. After him crept Hugo, whose teeth chattered as though lie was suffering from au ague ; but Brian took no more notice of his cousin. He went straight to his own room mid locked himself in, to bear his lonely sorrow as best he might. No formal enquiry wan mudo into the cause of Richard Luttrell'* (loath. Archie Grant's testimony completely exonerated Brian, even of carelessness, and the general opinion waa that no positive blame could bo attached to anybody tor the sad occurrence, and that Mr. Brian Luttrell had tho.full sympathy and rcsjicct of all who knew him and had known his lamented brother, Richard Luttrell of Rutherglen. So tho matter ended. But idle tongues still wagged, and wiso heads were shaken over the circumstances attending Richard Luttrell's death. It wo« parti)' Mrs. Luttrell's fault. In the first hours of her bereavement she had spoken wildly and bitterly of the shave which Brian liad had in causing Richard's death. She had spoken to Doctqr Muir, to Angela, to Mrs. Sliuirp-a few words only to each, but enough to show in what direction lier thoughts were tending. "With tho first two her words were sacred, but Mrs. Shairp, though kindly enough, was not so trust- worthy. Before the good woman realised what sho wns doing, tho whola household, nay, the wholo country side, had learned that Mrs. Luttrell bo!¡oved her secoud son to have fired that fatal shot with thc intention of killing, or at least of maiming, his brothor Richard. Tho Grants, who had spent the day of tho accident nt Ñctherglen, were, of course, eagerly questioned by inquisitive acquaint- ances. Tho girls waru ready enough , to chatter. They confided to their intimate friends in mysterious whispers tliat ,thc; brothers had certainly not ticen on good, terms ; they had glowered at ono another, and caught each other up and been posi- tively rude to each other ; and they : would not go out together : and poor Mr. "Luttrell looked .so worried, KO unlike himself! Then tho brothers were interrogated, but proved less onay to " draw." . Archie- flew into, a rage at tho notion of sinister intentions on Brian's part. Donald looked " dour," ami flatly refused to .discuss the subject. But his refusal waa thought, vastly suspicious by tho many wiseacres who knew tho business of everybody better than their own. And the rumour waxed and spread. During tho days before the funeral Brian saw almost no one. lfc lived shut up in his own room, as his mother did in hers, and hud interviews only with. Iiis lawyer and men .who came on business, lt was a sad and melan- choly house in those days, . Angela was in- visible: whether it was silo or Mrs. Luttrell who was ill nobody could exactly say. Hugo wandered about the lonely rooms, or shut himself up after the fashion of the other members of tho family, and looked like a ghost. After the first two days, Angela's only near relation, her brother Itupert, was present in the house ; but his society seemed not to bc very acceptable to Hugo, aud, find- ing that ho was of uo usc, even to his sister, Mr. Vivian went back to England, and the house seemed quieter than it hal been before. Tho funeral took place at last. When it was over, Brian came home, snid farewell to tho guests, had a long interview with Mr. Colquhoun, the solicitor, and then scated himself in tho study with tho air of a mun who was resolved to take up the burden of his duties in a befittiug spirit. His air was melancholy, but calm '; he seemed aged by ten years nineo his brother's death. Ho dined with Hugo, Mr. Colquhoun nnd Dr. Muir, and exerted himself to talk of current topics with courtesy and interest. But his weary face, his saddened eyes, aud tho long pauses that occurred between his intervals of speech, produced a depressing effect upon his guests. Hugo wus no more cheerful than his cousin. Ho watched Brian furtively from time to time, yet seemed afraid to meet his oyo. His silence and depression were so marked that the doctor afterwards remarked it to Mr. Colquhoun. " I did not think that Mr. Hugo would take his cousin's death so much to heart," he said. " Do you think ho does ?" asked Mr. Colquhoun drily. ; " I den't believe he'« got a heart, tho young ecump. I found him myself in thc wood, examining .the bark of the tree near which the accident took place, you know, on the morning after Richard's death, as cool a« a cucumber. 11 woe trying to make out how it happened' he said to me, when I carno up. ' Brian must have Bhot very straight.' I told him to go homo and mind his own business." "Do you think what they nay about Brian's intentions had any foundation?" asked tho doctor. "Not a bit. Brian's too tender-hearted for a thing of that sort. But the mother's very bitter about it. 8ho's as hard as Hint. It's a bad look out for Brian. He's a ruined man." " Not from a pecuniary point ot view. The property goes to him." " Yes, but he hasn't thé strength, to put up with tho Blights and the scandal wliich will go with it Ho has the pl nek, but not tho physique. It's men like him that go out of their minds, or commit suicide, or die of heart-break-which you doctors call by some other name, of course-when the world's against them. He'll never stand it. Mark my words-Jlriau Luttrell won't bo to tho fore this ti cue next year.'" " Where will he bc, Colquhoun ? Come, come, Brian's a fellow with brains. He wont do anything rash.''1 " He'll be in his grave," said, the lawyer gloomily.' i " He'll be enjoying himself in the metro- polis," said the doctor. "He'll have' a fine I house and a pretty wife, and he'll laugh in ! our faces iE wo hint at your prophecies, Col ! auhouu. I should «ave liad' no respect at all for Brian Luttrell ii lie threw away his j own life becauso ho had accidentally taken ! that of another mau.." "Wc shall see," said the lawyer. 