A. QUESTION OF PRO ’ "PRIETORSHIP. A STORY OF THE MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY. By Luke Sham-, in Detroit Free Frets. When John Wentworth pnt tho last touches to lriB work ho steed back and regarded it with admiration. He stood with hia hands in his pockets and his cap well back on his bead, and ho felt that glow of self-satisfaction whioh a man feels who has just finished a long and arduous task. _ “ Well,” be said, as he tnrned Ms head, I now this way, and then that, “ I call that a Grit-class job, by George 1” It was ocrtainly a most complete piece of mechanism, orrery joint perfectly fitted, yet perfection is never altogether appreciated, and when Mrs. Jones, the landlady, deceived by the silencq in supposing that Wentworth had gone out, and thinking the present a good time'to fix up the room, camcin, she gnvo n Ecrsam of terror, and, on estching her breath, cried: <• Laws, Mr. Wentworth, wbat a start that horrid thing did give me. You’re not going to keep that in the house, Mr. Wentworth?” “Mrs. Jorer, let ms present you to our dis tinguished iellow-lodger, J. W. Stodgers. I venture to say that a more eompleto or hand inmer skeleton cannot be found in Ana Arbor, Mrs. Jones, i£ I did wire him myself. John W. will give you little trouble, Mrs. Jones, and it, when ws’ro out, you give him a littlo touch up with the dneter he will not only appreciate it, but you will also oblige Mr. Smilie and mjsslf, for we are partners in J. V/. Stodgers.” . “Mercy sakes, I’ll neve? eomo into this room if that skeleton is to be here.” “Oh, John W. is harmless. Besides, ha has been in that box here for some weeks, t'vc only helped him to collect himself, as it At this moment tho lower jaw of the skull orc.pped v.’ith a click to an angle of forty-fife, •iod Mrs. Jono3 gave another little shriek as she looked with averted gaze at the sort of dry, bony, silent, fixed laugh of tho skeleton. “ That,” said Wentworth, with pardonable pride, “ is a little device of my own. That jaw stays in place about half an hour and then drops. By the way just notice what a iovely sot of teeth John W. has. That’s the , fault I find with most of our American skele tons. They have poor teeth. It seemed to Smilie and mo that this fellow must havo 1 been an l&iglishman;, he had such good grinders, so we christened him Sludgers, an 1 aristocratic name over thsra I am told.” 1 “ It gives me the chills to look at it,” said ! Mrs. Jones. The fading afternoon light threw deep shadows in the eyeless sockets that gave j Mrs. Jones an uneasy feeling that the skele E ton was looking at her. 1 “ That’s because you always had ‘ Lit3 to 3 board hero instead of ‘ Medics.’ You’ll gtt 3 used to John W. He’s an unobtrusive cuss. If everybody minded his own business with 0 the exclusiveness J. W. does there wouldn't 1 be much trouble in this world.” 2 Wentworth bitterly remembered this re 1 mark later on. '• At this moment young Smilie came in. 7 “By 'Jove,” said Smilie, in admiration, '■ “ you’ve done that np tiptop, John. Thunder, I call that a triumph,” and he walked around »** i il.. Sfc ' Did you ever seo anything handsomer, Mrs. Jones?" ' “Mrs. Jones thinks she has,” said Went , worth. 3 “ It’s awful,” shuddered Mr3. Jones, “ To , think that that was alive and walked around like the re6t of us 1" . “ ‘And thoa hast walked about, how strange a story,’" quoted Smilie. “ That’s so, it’s I rough on J. W., isn't it?" Mrs. Jones went down stairs and tho medi I eal students closed the door. “ His jaw drop3 a little, Johu, said Smilie. “ That s all right; show the action, you know,’’ and Wentworth with a ruler touched John W. under Ore chin and tho two gleam ing rows of teeth came together and remained in that fixed grin eo characteristic of all skele Wcntworth had placed a narrow table against the wall, and oq it John W. sat with his skull fastened to the wall so 113 to keep him upright, while hia spindley white legs dangled down and swayed gently to and fro, when the door opened or a breeze came through the window. The medical students sat down, and Went worth was tel ling Smilie how he had over come cortain difficulties in eriiculation, when there entered with unnecessary' silence a stranger. "Excuse me, gentlemen,” he said. “Beg your pardon,” Eaid Wentworth, “I didn’t hear you knoek.” “I didn’t knock.” “Oh;" . “ Take a chair," said Smilie. “ I will Btay but a few moments,” replied the stranger. Of course neither of tho young men knew all the hundreds of students at the University, e but they thought the stranger belonged to one of the departments, although it seemed odd that ha should enter without rapping. “Have a cigar,” eaid Wentworth, pushing the box towards him. j “I come on business," said the other," and do not smoke. That is my skeleton.” “Oh, excuse ms,” cried Wentworth. “I articulated John W. myself.” “ Whom ? ” “JohnW. Wo call him Stodgers. John W. Stodgera.” _ “Oh;you do.". “ Yes. For convenience. Don't supposo that was his nsmo.” “ It certainly was not.” -' “ How do yoa know ? ” “ Bcosnse I tell you the skeleton is mine.” “ Show him our receipts for the body, John. You don’t understand, I guess, that Went worth and I bought the body and bavo the receipts. It’s not a store skeleton. It is John’s upper and my lower and so we fixed up the bones ourselves.” “ I wish to sea no receipts. 'You don’t ap pear to understand me. When I was alive that skeleton wa*s tho frame work of toy ” >> nen yon were alive V ■ “ Certainly.” “ What ara yon r.ow f Ton don’t mean to pretend that yon palm yourself off as a ghost “ If yon have any doubts about ths matter, just throw that rnler at mo.’’ Sinilie at onco took the stranger at his word and the rnler met no opposition, but apparent ly passed through the spectre, and fell clatter ing to the floor. At that instant the jaw of tha skeleton fell with its sudden click, and in the silence that ensued it scetued to regard the spirit with a sort of gleam of recognition. Wentworth walked across the room and picked up the ruler. . Coming back ha snapped the jaws ehnt and sat down. “ That’s singular, to say the least, John,” eaid Smih'e, helplessly. At thi3 moment there was a knock at tha door. “ Come,” shouted Smilie. In the gloom they recognised Tom Fulmer one of the students. “ Excuse me,” eaid Tom, seeing a stranger present and preparing to withdraw. “No. no, come in, Tom; you’re just the man we want to see.” Tom took the ohair offered to him. “ I don’t just know how to introduce you," (To be Conlinved.) 45* 