SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. THE VICTORIA AMATEUR TURF CLUB MEETING. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club's commit- tee could not have chosen a better day than Saturday last for their winter meeting, the weather being so exceptionally fine that it suggested spring racing rather than a winter meeting. The attendance, as a consequence, was exceptionally good, and there was a larger proportion of ladies present than is usual at this period of the year. Some alterations have been made in the course, the judge's box being now much closer to the weighing stand, and, while the start- ing and other posts have been altered to maintain the correct distances this has the effect of lengthening the straight run, a very desirable improvement, and one likely to decrease the possibilities of accident through big fields crowding together in rounding the turn for home. The racing on Saturday commenced with the Hurdle Race, over a course of two miles, and this event over the Caulfield course seems to be popular as it generallv brings large fields to the post Saturday was no exception, aa 11 weighed out for the race Grattan one of the middle weights was picked by backers as the best of the lot, and with Batty to ride lum tho horse hod a chance of showing Jus merit A fair support was al-o given to Kooly te, for outside the tact of his connexion with a stable lately almost invincible in jumping races the horses op pearonce was of itsell sufficient to tempt in vestment Irom the first Koolyte, let Ac,ain nnd Distiller seemed to bo watch ing each other closely Hiey wera never far separated. Koolyte got about two lengths the best of it coming into the straight and though at one time Yet Again looked like catching lum on the post he tired a bit towards the finish Koolyte galloping strongly gained a comfortable vic tory by about threo quarters of a length It spoke puorl) lor the enterprise of hunting men and aunteur horsemen that o field ol only four horscB should go to the post to run for the handsome troph) I nown as the Victoria Gold Cup 1 he ev ent was considered so much n certaint) for Blackthorn that backers had to give odds on him and but for a mistake in the courso he must have won easily Salesman w ho had rapped one of the fences heavily, tell over the last jump, and as Tickle was beaten oft Roulette was left to chase Blackthorn home Mr \\\ Glass cock m some unaccountable way overlooked the gap leading into the straight and Roulctto following lum, the pair went on for some distance before they discovered the mistake Tteklo benefitting by the blunder got so strong a lead in tho sliaight that although tired out he wns able to canter home a winner, though Blackthorn, whose rider did all he could lo atone for his mistake got within a length of him at the finish When tho riders came to weigh in there wns sumo hooting from thoso who bad lost on what seemed a certainty, but backers aro not apt to bo either considerate or just on such occasions No one on the course was moro chagrined at the mistako made than the rider of Blackthorn. Ihnt tho Ladies lrophy the prizes for which wore three handsome bracelets was an interesting event for both owners and nominators was shown in the field of 31 horses that went to the post, but it would have been much more in teresting to tho ceneral public bad the dis tance been something moro than six furlongs Stafford waa a strong favourite, but he was never prominent in the race , the finish was between tho two light weights, Gadtly and Violet 1 ho former, ridden by the successful light weight jockey Gorry, won rather conitortobl) 1 or the Steeple chase there were ei_ht starters leran,?, after his recent periormances over the Moonee Valley fences, and with so expert a cross country horseman as Corrigan to ride him, being first tavourite lhe Irishman was also pretty freely backed I ho race he tween five of the horses engaged, viz., Iho Irishman, Perung Blackthorn, Kanaka, and Roulette was a most interesting one, all keeptuc, together, and jump ing beautifully Consternation carno down at the first tence, and Our Boy untrust worthy as usual, ran into the fence on the bill, while Nuisance was unablo to keep pace with tho others 1er ing watched lhe Irish man until Hearing the last two tences, and then passing lum took the lead 1 he grey was by no means beaten however, and as he quickened up tho two horses drew nway from tho others and carno into the straight together lhen the condition in which Messrs Millers horses aro brought out told its talc and the Irishman, without being touched, drew away trom the tiring lerang and won by a couple of lengths Owners and rider thus completed their double event win for tho day, and Watson on coming to Beale received a warm cheer 1 or the Richmond Handicap, the last race of the day, there were eighteen starters Quintin Mutsep being the favourite, though Allander was thought to be well worth backing also lhe favourite had to be content with a place, as Maroney re footed his Queen s Birthday performance at lemington by winning comfortably The arrangements at the course and Mr Skin ner a excellent luncheon all deserve favour able comment 1 ho following aro the de tails of the racing - HANDICAP HURDLE ïtACL Of ÎBO-Ovs Second SU bo va Tv, o miles. Mr S Millers b g Kool)t. by Lapldist-Harp}, aged Ust lllb ( \atson) 1 Mr R Chlrnsidcsbr o \ et Again (lato Hippogriff), 4 yrs lOst 8lb (rcrc,u_on) 2 Mr H ItaacHfíe us eh h Distiller. G yrs, 10_t 41b (M Ivor) 8 Mr b Nathan s b g Mirth 4 j re 10at7tb (Malone) 0 Mr A. _ Bradshaw s b1 h binklng Fund, 0 yrs. lQ_t_tb (Mug) 0 Mr O fa Agnew s ch g General Jackson, aged, lOst Gib (ilHccd) 0 Mr M O Brien a br g Vanderbilt, 0 y rs, lOst 41b (Allen) , 0 Mr W Littles b g Problem, 0 yrs, lost Slb (Taylor) 0 Mr 1 T Hcjwoods h h Ditto, 5 yra, lOst (Williams) 0 Mr IL Mann s ch h Grattan 0 \ r_ Ost 121b (Batt. ) 0 Mr T Naughton s br tu Arganthotie, 0 \ rs or aged, Ost 7lb (Carey) 0 Mr IL Bracken h b or br fi Discount, aged, Ost Slb , carried Ost ujlb. (Morrl.) 0 Mr M_ Cochran a br g The Pretender, aged, Ost 21b (Gardiner) 0 Mr G Glascock s b g Articulation, 4 )rs, Ost (M Ganan) .. 0 Betting -100 to 80 a9st Gn_.t_u 7 to 1 each atrst hool* to and Ar(,anthono S to 1 each agst Vet Again, Sinking fund and Thunderbolt IO to 1 agst Mirth When the flag dropped hooljto went away with tho lead but passim. o\ cr tho first hurdlo General .ackson had taken bis place and was follow ed along1 tho back br Distiller and KooUto Ay they carno along1 tho sido Btrctoh General Jackson still led foi lowed by Mirth and Sinking 1 und Hounding the turn Problem rushed to tho lead w 1th The Pretender close at his hecla Before they cot into the .tratdtt Vonderbilt fell over tho hurdlo and lost hit rider Racine: pint the stand _ct Again was in front with binklnt, I un 1 next to him ami Dist! 1er, 0. tie ral loch son and Kool, to follow hie In order with 1 ho Pro tender last Hlstiu the hill .tt A Rain kept his placo while Koolj to had run i to second position anil was followed by General Tackson, Sinking Turu.» Distiller and uraltan Thus far the j ace had been \ or) poor At tho back Kooh to took a strong lead and na tho¿ race 1 down the _Ido tho next to him were Distiller ind Yet Aj,aln At tho turn for homo both of thom closed on tho Ita 1er and a Rood race was anticipated Unit waj doun _ct A_aln was within a length of Mr Millers horse but hero his rush -lowed down and KooHto going -tron^Iy to the finish won by half a Iei)_th Yet Again being1 a length away third The placed horscH wero ten loncUn ahead of the rest of tho rest or tho field Arganthono waa fourth Probletn liith The 1 roten 1er nlxth General Jackson st» culb, and Sinking i und and Articulation walking In hut Time, 4m. _$_. mr victoria gold cup \ al io 100 so\ s. Tw o mile Mr O Glasseooks b i_ .ickle nccil 12.t (Mr 0 Glascock) 1 Mr W i 1 ower*s br g Blackthorn aged, 12at 01b (Mr W Glascock) 2 Mr 1 Iiarbottlos ro g Houlette Gjrs, list 121b. (Owner) 8 Mr W s Coxs (Mr W S Cox Jun ) 0 Betting - & to 4 on Blackthorn, 8 to 1 agst Houlette, 4 to 1 ogst (Iel le Tho horses went away at nn ensy cantor Salesman and 1 iel lu be ni, in tho lead clo^o together At tho baoW 1 let lo bold a slight lead but as they approached the sod wall Blackthorn was taken to the front and led .ticm at an increased ] aco over tho lencos in front of the stand all tho horses Jumping well At the top of the hill Sales nan struck neavllj but kept on his legs Thov were all in a cluster up to the baek of ti e eourso whero Blackthorn was again taken out for a -trong lead Going donn tho silo Ficklo dropped back beaten and Blackthorn Increasing bis lea land jumping well seemed to havetho rico in hand Sale-man fell over tho lost jump but Mr Cox wa. quio! ly in tho saddle emin When tho raco seen ed a certainty for Bhekthorn both he and lloulctto overshot tho gap opening into the straight andas thoy w ero compelled to turn back the beaten Ficklo gota lead of lOOiardg and cantero 1 homo a winner though Blackthorn who was brou.,, t Moni, \cr. fast got within a length of him at tho finish Houletto was third, and Salesman lost Timo, 4 in 41s, TUB LADIES TttOPHT. The nominator of tho winning horso to rcteUo a trophy value 100 sois. Ino nominators of the second and third horses to roocito trophies of tho \aluo ot 50 sovH, and «¿5 bovs. rcsnootivcl} Six fur longs Miss Held ns b f Gadflj, bj Lapldlst- Midgo, 2 y ta, Cst Otb (Corr.) 1 Mrs. J J? Carslake ns b t Violet, 3 \rs, Ost (G Blair) 2 Mrs li Jennings ns br h Duke of Athol Ojrs, 7st 41b (T Brown) 8 Mrs. Miller iib br h Boolka, 0 yrs Ost lib (Olds) 0 Miss Ile k1 ns ch g The Ghost a^ed. 8st 01b (J William») 0 Mrs 0 Uara ns ch f Anarch], 4 yrs, 8_t Slb (Stoiincll) .. 0 Mrs .trcttlo ns b m Gardenia 0 j rs, Sst (O Brien) 0 Miss J Cohen ns b f Umbra, öjrs 7st 131b (J U illlamson) 0 Mrs J! Jacobs iib b g Sunny Da_s, 8 yrs, 7st 12lb (Hcdfoarn) 0 Miss Linnettnsb h Tichborne. 6 y rs 7bt lllb (A Blair) . 0 Mrs J D Robertson ns b or br g Stafford, Ojrs, 7st 101b (Moor«) 0 Lady Clorko nB br o Fish o Silver, S yrs, 7st 7lb (Murph>) 0 Mrs. J Patterson na ch g Ariel, 6 _rs, 7st Gib (Power) 0 Mrs fc- M eoks ns oh g The Deer, 4 yrs, 7st fllb (Hammayo) . 0 Mrs 0 tt Huon ns b or br 1 Lady Ball. 8, yrs, 7st 01b (Wrl.Iey) 0 »Isa Cushion tis lil h Hannibal, aged, 7st 6lb. (Guv) 0 ills s Kelly Iteovea na br g Snip! aged, 7st Sib. | (Hughes).0 Hiss Kenn ison ns b g Maronoy, nged, "at Sib. (Johnson) . .. .. 0 Miss Leah Thompson ns b g Tho King's Son, G yrs, | 7et 21b. (a. Smith).0 Mrs. D. 8. Wallac. na b t Esalo, 2 yrs, 7et. 21b. j (Walker).0 Mm. J. Cohen na br f Edith, 2 yrs, 78t. (Cox) .. 0 | Mm. J. Kin- ns b g Stonebroke, 4 yrs, Tat., carried , 7st 41b. (Bruce) .. ., .- .. .. 0 | Mr". S. Nathan as bo Lcporcllo, 4 yrs, Cat 111b. i (J. lîunce) .0 j Mrs. C S. Atrncw ns ro or ch m Poeahontas, 0 yrs, i Ost. 101b. (Rhodes).0| Mr.. S. Nathan ns b c St, Paul, 2 yrs, Ost 101b. I (Dohcrti) .. ..'. -. 0 I Mrs. J. Williams ns b g Millstream, G yrs. Oat 10)b., , carried Oat. 12lb. (Lorlor).0 | Mrs. G. Da\U us oh o Cornus, 2 yrs, Ost 7lb. (D. < Williams) .0 ! Mrs. U. Yeend ns b g Esmond, 6 yrs. Cat 7lb. , (Harrison) .." .. 0 I Mrs. Jas. G rico ns ch tu Seaweed, aged, Ost. Sib.. carried Ost filo. (O. Smith).0 Mrs. J. Thompson nab o Mostor John, 3 yrs, Ost 21b. (Stratford).0 Mr j. Pearson n_ b g Lord Sutton, 2 yrs, Ost, carried Gat. Ülb. (Ilarbut;).0 Betting.-_ to 1 acst Stafford, S to 1 agst 11 as tor John, 100 to 12 ac-st Hdith, 10 to 1 each agst Gadfly and Violet, 100 to 8 agst E.bIo, and 100 to 7 ftps. Tich- borne. With so large a field a stranglingstart was to bo ox* pected. Tho quickest on his lega wuà M:jv».ej,but ins placa w -a taken almost immediately by Umbra, who led tho lick) down tho sido, tho next to her bein* Moroney, Boolka, nnd Gadfly. As they swept round tho turn Violet passod Umbra, and was Urse into tho straight, with Umbra and Boolka next to her. In tho raco homo Gadfly caiuo «Ido on the outside, and, finishing strongly, won a good raco by thrue- quarters of a length, Violet being1 soeond half a neck In ad vaneo of Uuko of Athol ; Maronoy Just got in front of Boolka for fourth place, while hdith was BÍxtb, and Fish o' Silver lame laut. Timo, Im. IBJs. OPEX STEEPLECHASE, Of 3 sovs. each, « ith 200 sovs, added ; second, 4050vs. Two miles and a half. Mr. S. Millor's g g Tho Irishman, G yrs, by Infidel, 10at. 321b. (Watson).1 Mr. It. Ilcering's or g Terang, nged, lOat (Corrigan) .E Mr. W. K. Power's br g Blackthorn, aged, list 71b, (Mr. W. Glasseook).S Mr. G. Law's bg Kanaka, aged, list 21b. (Oreo) .. " Mr J. HarboUle'B ro g llouletto, G y», lOst lOlb. (King).0 Mr. W. Moran'a b g Nulsanoo, ogod, lOst Gib., carried lOst. Illa. (Ulckoy).0 Mr. J. Hnrbottlo's b o Ooustcrnt-tlon, 4 yrs. Ost lOlb. (Hill. . Mr. II. Tibball'a b g Our Boy. aged, Ost 71b. (M'Leod). .0 | betting.-G to 2 nest Torang, 8 to 1 aga. Tbo Irish- man, 8 to 1 attalnsb llouletto. Iho Irishman, Kanaka, and Terang went away in front all olose togothor when tho word was given. Consternation struck the second fence sharply, and threw his rider out of the sadd In. Passlntr tho judge's | box Kanaka took up ttio running, Tho Irishman having been pull d back to tho rear. Our Boy ran straight Into tho fenco on the hill and fell book on his rider, but was after wards remounted and taken on. As they reached tbo baok of tim courso The Irishman was onco moro in tho front, with Kanaka and Terang tmlloping In olose company. All the leaders were jumping well. Tho Irishman led around the back bond, but as they raced down to- wards the sod wall Blackthorn drew on him and just showed in front over tho Jump, Kanaka, Terang, and llouletto all fencing beautifully and keeping olose to tho leaders. I'asalng over tho _.tand leneva for the Bucoiid time there was no mistako, and any of tho first iwo might havo been plokcd for a winner, up tho hill The Irishman had açatn supplanted Black- thorn, and went on Increasing his lead towards the back, whoro there woro several lengths between the erey and the other horses, lurning towards tho sod ' wall Teran? caine out and challenged Tho Irishman, tho pair drawing still furthor away from the others^ Terang led over the sodwall, but tho grey was with , him at tho last fenco, and they Bhot through tho ' gap into tho st raient still locked toeether. wnco in i tho open tho question of supremacy was quickly ' settlcu, for Watson, without giving tho Irishman his head, kept him lu front, and beat Terang easily ny two and a half loinrths, the pair being a dozen lengths in front of Blackthorn, who was followed oy Kanaka and Itouluttc. Time, Gin. 42s, THE RICHMOND HANDICAP Of 100 sovs.; second 10 sovs. One mile. Mr. T. Rcnnison's b g Maroney, by Captivator Meta, aged, 7st (Johnson) .. .. ..1 Mr. M. Jacobs's ch f Lady Claudia, 8 yrs, 7st 8lb, (Redfearn).2 Mr. W. E. Dakin's oh b Quintín Matsep, 6 yrs, 7st 12lb. (Power) .3 Mr. T. Coffey's, ch h Allander, 6 yrs, 8st 3lb. (San- ders) 0 Mr. S. Hamilton', b h Meteor, 5 yrs, 8st 2lb. (Moore) 0 Mr. G. Davis', b m Camerine, aged, 8st (D. Wil- liams) 0 Mr. T. Jones's br c Bohemian, 4 yrs, 7st 13lb. (A. Blair). Mr. W. Strickland's b c Ben Bolt 4 yrs, 7st 12lb. (O'Brien) 0 Mr. W. Hughes na ch f Straight Shot, 4 yrs, 7st. 10lb. (Williamson). 0 Mr. J. L. Rielly's b g Preston, aged, 7st 7lb. (Guy) 0 Mr. H. Jennings's br h Duke of Athol, 6 yrs. 7st, carried 7st 3lb. (T. Brown) ..0 Mr. J, Wilson's (Jun.) b g Tabby, 4 yrs, 6st 12lb. (Halliday) .. .. .... .. Mr. L. L. Smith's b g Dougalston, aged. 6st 11lb. (G. Blair) .. .0 Mr. J. G. Reid's br or bl c Hot Iron, 2 yrs. 6st 9lb. (Gorry). 0 Mr J. G. Reid's b f Kitty Fisher, 2 yrs, 6st 8lb. (Levier). 0 Mr. T. Learmonth's bl m Cassy, 6 yrs. 6st (J. Bence). 0 Hon. W. Pearson's br g Black Snake, 2 yrs, 6st, carried 6st 4lb. (Harbutt). Mr. T. Patterson's b g Beckwith, 8 yrs, 6st (Strat- ford) ., Bettlng.-3 to 1 agst Quintin Matsep, 5 to 1 agst Allander, 6 to 1 agst Ben Bolt, 10 to 1 agst Meteor. 15 to 1 agst Lady Claudia, lo to 1 agst Maronoy, and 20 to 1 agst Cassy. Duke of Athol, who was restless at the post and caused much delay, had a good deal the worst of the start. Preston was the first to show in front, and he was followed bv Quintin Matsep and Maroney. Before they reached the back of the courso Straight Shot had moved up into the lead. Preston galloping close at his heels, while Quintín Matsep, Maroney, Bohemain, Lady Claudia, and Allander were conspicuous amongst the leading division, Kitty Fisher bringing up the rear. Straight Shot continued to lead down by the railway side, and in this stretch Bohemian moved up into second place. As they came around the turn Bohemian got up to the front, and was first into the straight, the horses appearing in succession behind him being Straight Shot, Lady Claudia, Quintín Matsep, and Duke of Athol, the latter coming very fast in the run home Lady Claudia got the lead, and looked like winning, but half way down Moroney, galloping with a long easy strlde, was brought to the front, and won oomfortably by a couple of lengths. Lady Claudia and Quintín Matsep filling the other places. Straight Shot was fourth, Preston fifth, Bohemian sixth. Meteor seventh, Ben Bolt next, and Beckwith last Time, lm. 40s. TUE STAKES WON. The -following are the amounts of the stakes won at the meeting : Mr. S. Miller 1st Steoptooh&so; -. ,, -. £103 lut Hurdlo Huco.1-0 \- £313 Mr. O. Glasscock 1st Victoria Gold Cup _"-._: 100 Miss Held 1st Ladles' Trophy, bracelet, valuo _ _ 100 Mr. T. It-milson 1st Richmond Handicap.. .. _. _, 00 Mrs. J. T. Carslako 2nd Ladle.' Trophy, braa.lot, value _ - 00 Mr. It. Heeling 2nd Stccpuich-io. _. _, 40 Mr. It Chirnside 2nd Uurdls Itara. _ _, 80 Mrs. H. -Minings 3rd Ladlos' Trophy, -ráceles, valuó _- _> 25 Mr. M. Jacobs . 2nd lUcliniorjd Handicap.. _ _ ..10 Total ...."_, « " £768 SPORTING NOTES. To-day racing men will eagerly look for the Melbourne Cup weights. Be- fore noon, also, the handicaps for the Grand National Steeplechase and Hurdle Race, and other events, to be run at the V.H.O. Winter Meeting on the 17th of July, are to bo declared. The Hawkesbury Handi- cap weights and those for the County Purse are likewise due to-day : anti although no par- ticular date is mentioned, it may be anticipated that Mr. Scarr will not be behind hand with the Great Metropolitan Stakes imposts, -her. will doubtless be a full gathering at the Victorian Club to-night to diBcuas the probabilities of the greut races of next season. The handicapa for next Saturday's Elstern wick-park meeting are due to-day. The weights for the Caulfield Cup will be announced at or before noon on Monday nest. Entries close to-morrow, at 4 p.m., to Mr. G. S. Rowe, Ufl Castlereagh-street, Sydney, for the Rose-lull Racing Club's meeting of Saturday week. The various events are the Hurdle Race, of 100 sove. ¡ Flying Stalten, of 1 Bov. each, with 100 sovx. added ; Steeple- chase, of 150 nova.; Selling Race, of 100 sovs.; and the July Handicap, of 2 aova each, with 150 sovs. added. The weights are to be declared next Monday. For the Mooroopna races, which take place on Thursday, the general entries and accept- ances are due to-morrow, to Mr. Tnrnley, the secretary, at Brown's Hotel, Mooroopna. On Wednesday tho entriea for the follow- ing Queensland Turf Club produce entries close to Mr. J. IL G. Pountney, at Brisbane : -Spring Sapling Stakes, for now yearlings, of 5 sovs. each for starters, with 250 sovs. added, live furlongs, to be run next Novem- ber ; Queensland Delby Stakes, for now yearlings, of 5 sovs. each for starters, with 200 bovs. added, one mile and a half, to be run in November, 1887 ; the St Leger Stakes, for now yearlings, of 5 bovs. each, with 200 sovs. added, one mile anti three-quarters, to be run at the autumn meeting, 1888, The nomination for each event is 1 sov. The acceptances for the Narandera Turf Club Handicap and Town Plate are to be de- clared on Friday. Entriea for the Albury Produce Stakes of 1887 cloae on Thursday to Mr. C Ten Hrink, the hon. secretary of tile Albury Racing Club. Tho programme for the Mooneo Valley meeting of the 10th of July is issued. The first race is the All-aged Stakes, of 50 bovs., four furlongs and a half, for horsea that have nover won more than 78 sovs. in one stake, special weights; July Handicap, of 50 aova., (ive furlongs and a half ; Steeplechase, of 75 aova, about one mile nnd three-quarters; Selling Race, of 50 sovs., half a mile ; and the Oaklands Handicap, of 75 aova, one mile. The nomination fee is 1 sov. for each event, due tina day week. The Bix-furlongs straight on the Fleming- ton course bau been turned up, harrowed, and thoroughly renovated. It will be re- membered that there wero mnny complaint« a ter the race for the last Newmarket Uandi cap, as to the holes and tassocks of grass on the track. Riversdale, the three year-old winner oi the valuable Manchester Summer Cup, on Tnursduy week, ne\er ran aa a two year-old, indeed the great handicap was his hrst ap- pearance in public A month before the race bir Jtobert Jardine named tho colt .Rivers- dale. Very little inferior is a lilly by Adven- turer- Fanny Day, named Day Dream, Sir Bobert Jardine aloo won the Manchester Summer Cup last j ear with Horneo. Air. Geo. Duns advertises the sale of David, Comug, Dajstar, aud several two year olds Messrs, Campbell, Pratt, and Co/s annual salo of thoroughbred nnd trotting sires, Le, is announced lor Monday, the 3rd ot August, at the City Horse liazuar. The Australian Jockey Club committee aro taking prompt steps to put a stop to un- registered race meetings borne time back, at a place called Warda River, a meeting was held, and stated to bo by permission oi tbo A.J.C. ¡several owners ot horses took entries on the strength of this representation, and subsequently lound that the meeting had not been registered. '1 he promoters ot the Ward's Uiver Knees afterwards applied for registra- tion, which waa lelused. The full list of C4 nominations for tho Vic- torian Waterloo Cup has now been obtained, and the names will be published to-day, which is considerably Inter than usual, seeing that a fortnight only inters enes before the meeting 'lhe changes from former j ears are very numerous, sei eral ot the original nominators having retired. The list is to be called over to nightat tho Mitre laiern. Another coursing meeting has been fixed for Ihursday hrst, at Moonee Vnlley. The card will comprise six eight dog stakes, divided na follows --One at G so\s , and two at S sovs. tor all ages, and the same lor puppies Dntries close at noun on W ednes ilay, at the omeo, Kirk's liazaar. The proprietor ot the Uurlingham running grounds announces a bhefheld Handicap, co be run after the sty loot the Waterloo Cup. namely, (14 competitors, with prues for 32 and 16 delented men '1 ho dibtanco is 140 yarda, and the limit of the handicap 10 yards. The sum of 105 aova will be given, divided into CO sovs. for the Cup, 25 sovs. for the Purse, and 20 sovs for the plate. The entrance is 6s. and the acceptance the same. Any nomi- nations received over the d4 will necessitate a ballot, whilst nominators will have the pruilegoof selling their chances before the draw for beats, lhere aro also to be a grand National Hurdle Hace and bteepleciiase. Entries close on the 7th of July, and tbo running takes place on the 19th, 21st, and 2Jrd of July. The annuul general meeting of the members of the Meluourno Omi Club will be held on Monday next, at bcott's Hotel, at 2 p m Amongst the business will bo the reception and adoption of a new code of rules, framed at a joint conference of the Newbouth Wales and Melbourne Gun Clubs, at Sydney, some weeks ago. 'lhe Melbourne Gun Club annual cham- pion shooting Ima been lixed for Thursday, the 15th of July (Waterloo Cup week). The sum of 145 sovs is guaranteed by the committee, and the champion gold medal, of which the first man will reten e 100 sovs. and the medal, ana the next two SO sovs. and 15 sovs. The competition is open to all comers, the committee reserving to themselves the right to refuse any nomination. The number of hirds is to bo 11, at 2(1 yards rise. Nomi- nations, accompanied by 5 sovs. entry, are to be lodged with Mr. P. Lesi, secretary of the Melbourne Gun Club, at the Prince of Wales Hotel, llourke street, on or before Tuesday, the 13th pro-. On Friday, the 10th, a com Eetition will take place amongst the mem era of the Melbourne Gun Club, for a. bracelet, value 50 guineas The bracelet, which ib set with diamonds and rubies, is now on view at Kilpatrick and Cj.'s, Col- lins street. AN AMATEUR HACE CLUB AT WAGGA (By Telegraph From Our Correspondent.) WAGGA WAGGA, Sondât. A meeting of gentlemen favourable to the formation ot an amateur raco club was held yesterday, when it was decided to hold a race meeting about the muidlo of August A committee, consisting of Mesara P. Hann, li J. Mitchell, a IL Croaker, F. W. Growl land, R. Cox, O. Cox, I\ J. M'Alister, and A. Leitch, was appointed to draw up rules, arrange a programme, and fix the amount of the subscription. They will report to a future meeting It was decided that some ot the events should be open to racehorses, but that the riders Bhould be amateurs and mem- bers of the club. Dr. li B. Warren waa ap- pointed bon. secretary und treasurer. COURSING. THE WATERLOO CUP. "Speculation on this event will probably start in earnest this evening, us the card will be called o\er afc 8 o'clock at the Mitre Tavern, Bank-placo. THE MURCHISON AND DARGALONG COURSING CLUB. (By Telegraph Fbom Our Correspondent.) MURCHISON, SuNDAr. The following is the draw for the Goulburn Valley Stakes to be run off ia connexion with tbe Murchison and Dargalong Coursing Club, on the 1st July, on the lion W. J. Winter's Moorilim Estate. The judge ia Mr. J. Ahearn» and the slipper J. Laflin : Mr & Dwyor'sbk wd Kodnov (ped i croo unknown) agst Mr. J, Horiobrooka Í d Mangalore, by Magic Lady. Mr. J. Gommel!'fl bo b Fir (unknown), agst Mr. X Taj lor _ bk w d Scamp, by Kew Lad-Lucy. Mr O M Üartbold ns bk w d Sport. b> Ring -Fh.agst Mr. W. Hunters f d Sauce, by Peter « ellie Mr. G. Velo ns bo b Nell io (unknown), a_st Mr. Allan Ktneaird's bk w d Havelock, by Oversman II.-Ilailfltorm l Mr. J Donovan's bk vt b Flying Angel, by Tip -Timid Maid, agst Mr. G. Vale ns y d Shamrock (an* known! Mr J. Donovan's bk b Killarney, by Blackboy Needle, agst Mr. W. Hunter's f b Luna, by Peter Nellie. Mr Allan Kinnaird's rwd Hazelwood, by Overs* man II - Hailstorm, agst Mr. G M. ílartbold ns bo b Verbena, by Princo Charlie-Min nio Mr. J. M'Concoby's bk d Tadraor, by Bashful Boy- | EvHo.c, agst Mr. J. M'Con cc by ns rd Masher (un- known) Mr. M'Conochy ns be b Fascination (unknown), agst Mr. George Little's r w b Lady Moira, by Chester -Riviere. FOOTBALL. SOUTH ADELAIDE V. ESSENDON. Fully 8,000 people assembled on the Melbourne Cricket-ground on Saturday to witness the match between the Essendon Football Club and a team of South Adelaide players. The visiting club held the premiership of South Australia during last season, and were then so strong that they were enabled to secure a draw in a match against the South Mel- bourne on the Adelaide Oval. The whole of the members of the South Adelaide twenty, with the ex- ception of A. M'Intyre, the captain, are South Aus- tralian born, and the fine display given by them shows that some excellent footballers have been developed in the adjoining colony. The toss having been won by Essendon, Woods kicked off, and Dodds, marking, sent the ball on to Clydesdale, who carried it well forward. Coombes responded, and by a series of scrimmages the ball was dribbled to the front of the pavilion. Merrigan here obtained posses- sion, and, with a capital run, centred it in the Essendon half. Sebire responded in fine style, and Dodds obtaining the ball passed it on to Moline, who gave Rout a mark, from which the latter kicked the first behind for the home players. Coombes started the ball, and, by a series of little marks, Middleton, Taylor, Devine, and Harker transferred the play to the front of the Essendon posts. Taylor then was given an easy chance, but his nervousness prevented him from doing more than scoring a behind for the visitors. From the kick-off Meader played well, and the Adelaide back men were once more kept at work. W. Young finally secured a mark for Essendon, but he could not send the ball between the posts. The play was then for a time in the centre, where Pearson and Woods were con- spicuous for either side, but, the former prevailing, Coleman marked to Moline, and the third behind re- sulted for the home team. By a determined dash the South Adelaide followers worked the ball along the southern wing and then carried it to the centre. Powell was stopped in seeking to make his way forward, and Devine transferred the play to the pavilion wing, where Rimes proved superior to his man, but owing to W. Fleming's smartness he could not get the ball forward. Coonan, back, made a fine mark in the nick of time for the visitors, and Merrigan, Middleton, and M'Intyre by dint of hard work overpowered the Essendon followers, and gave Taylor a chance within easy distance, but he did not even kick behind. The home team with one of their quick dashes soon equalised matters, and the South Australians were called upon to defend, with the result that another behind was recorded against them through the in- strumentality of Pearson. The visitors, put on their mettle, rallied well, and just as the bell rang at quar- ter time Taylor got a mark within 20 yards of the Essendon goal, but, of course, could not kick. The game then stood—Essendon, 4 behinds; South Ade- laide, 1 behind. The Essendon were quicker than their opponents from the throw down, and Moline was enabled to add another behind for them. Play was for some little time on the Essendon quarters, owing to the excellent play shown by the visitors, but Sebire again relieved the goal, and run- ning nearly three parts the length of the ground kicked to Caldwell, who, however, was untrust- worthy. Coombes spoilt the kick-off, but Mehrtens and Rimes saved their team from disaster, and en- abled them to force the play well forward. The Es- sendon backs again prevailed, and Pearson by a cool piece of play gave the ball to Fleming, and he also kicked a behind. The South Australians replied most gamely, and with the aid of Woods in the centre Kept Essendon hard at work until half-time was called, when the score stood—Essendon, 7 behinds; South Adelaide, 2 behinds. From the throw down the South Adelaide made it patent that they intended to make the play fast, and, backed up by the sympathetic cheers of the onlookers, they rushed the ball far into Essendon quarters. Caldwell was too quick, how- ever, and by a smart piece of play relieved the pres- sure. Fleming then added two behinds from diffi- cult positions and South Adelaide could not drive the Essendon back until Woods out- paced his opponents on the southern wing. His dash, however, was not taken advantage of by the forward men, and so Stub was let in. With a long kick he centred the ball, and Coleman passing it on to Hill, the latter was enabled to record the first goal for the Essendon. M'Intyre kicked off, and the game was of the fastest description. Woods and Merrigan played splendidly, and, with the co- operation of the forward men, pressed Essendon so closely that Devine should have equalised matters, but he only managed to add the second behind. Essendon pre- vailed momentarily from the kick off, but Mehrtens, who was playing with great dash, centred the ball, and with a rush the followers gave Devine a second opportunity of scoring. He, however, could not kick the distance, and once more the organisation of the Essendon backs told on their opponents. They could not, however, get the ball past the centre owing to the strong game of the South Australian followers and centre players. F. Coombes finally gave Devine another mark, but he was still unsuccessful. The pressure was kept up by the visitors until ends had again to be changed, when the score was Essen- don 1 goal 9 behinds, South Adelaide 5 behinds. The visitors continued to force the game from the throw down, and added another behind to their total before the Essendon could drive them back. Flem- ing eventually ran the ball to the front of the pavi- lion, but Mehrtens responded, and kicked to Woods, who centred the ball. The game continued to be thoroughly exciting, owing to the even play of the two teams. Powell at length made a mistake in the centre, and Merrigan dashing forward, enabled the follower, to work the ball well towards the Essendon goal. Merrigan and Middleton were again prominent and at length their continuous efforts enabled Taylor to give Woods a clever mark some 40 yards from the posts, from which distance the South Australian kicked a fine goal for his side. This determined play was kept up by the Adelaide men after the ball had been once again brought into play; but, owing to a want of Judgment in little marking, Essendon gradually made their way forward. Mehrtens and Parks again proved themselves to be thoroughly trust- worthy, but Stub, by a long quick kick, enabled the Essendon followers to keep the Adelaide back men on the defensive. Finally, Pearson picked the ball up, and a lucky goal resulted from his kick. The bell rang a few minutes later, and an exceedingly well contested game was then brought to a close. The score then stood:—Essendon, 2 goals 10 behinds; South Adelaide, 1 goal 6 behinds. For Essendon Sebire, Pearson, Rout, Nally, and Caldwell played well; while for the visitors Woods, Mehrtens, Mer- rigan, Rimes, Middleton, and M'Intyre were most conspicuous. GEELONG V. SOUTH MELBOURNE. Excellent football weather—genial sunshine and the atmosphere sufficiently cold to render active exercise enjoyable—was experienced on Saturday afternoon at Geelong, when the local champions and the South Melbourne team met each other for the first time this season. As neither club had been de- feated, the interest of football admirers throughout the colony was concentrated on the result of the match. Two special trains conveyed about 1,200 persons from the metropolis, and an additional 600 went by steamer, whilst a contingent of fully 120 arrived from Ballarat by a special train. At 3 o'clock the Geelong cricket and football reserve, where the contest was fought, presented an animated spectacle. Tier upon tier the grand-stand was one mass of people, and a cordon of persons numbers deep surrounded the playing arena. There could not have been fewer than 9,000 present. Although the South Melbourne men reached the ground, by 3 o'clock, they did not, for some in- explicable reason, enter the field until half-past 3, by which time the vast crowd had become greatly im- patient, the fact of the local players having been in the arena all the time adding to their angry un- easiness. At half-past 3 o'clock precisely the South Melbourne captain (Elms) won the toss, and the ball was kicked off towards the north goal by Geelong. The play became at once rough and rapid, with no advantage to either side, but within five minutes the South Melbourne assorted themselves and Bushell, from a mark given to him by Smith, scored first behind. A free kick followed to Geelong, Docherty neglecting to bounce the ball. A similar lache by a Geelong player resulted in South Melbourne being accorded the privilege of kicking without molesta- tion. The umpire was exceedingly watchful, and the South Melbourne obtained two more free kicks for Geelong transgressions of the rules, Bushell utilising the last by scoring second behind. From the kick- off Geelong rallied, and the ball presently passed from Julien to Boyd and M'Lean, first behind resulting from the latter's kick. A free kick to each side was succeeded by a vigorous rush on the put of the visitors, and Bushell, receiving a mark 10 yards in front of the posts secured their first goal amidst enthusiastic cheering. Geelong resented the attack, and S. Boyd shortly obtained second behind for them. The South replied with equal success, and Bushell, from a mark obtained within 15 yards of the uprights, added goal No. 2 to their score, The Geelong at this juncture were fumbling the ball in a wretched fashion and lost two excellent chances of scoring. Roy, from a running shot, obtained third behind for the South Melbourne, and the Geelong had fairly invested the enemy's goal when quarter- time was called. Upon changing ends, Galbraith scored third behind for Geelong with a shot, for goal from a difficult angle. M'Lean next had a long shot, and although the ball fell short it was speedily put through in the resulting scrimmage by S. Boyd, and first goal for the local team was recorded. A free kick to J. M'Shane resulted in nothing. M'Kay then added the fourth behind for the visitors, whose infringement of the rules soon afterwards gave to J. M'Shane a second free kick. Purdy, from a mark, missed a possible chance for the South Melbourne, and, after a free kick by M'Lean, a fourth behind for Geelong was forced. Roy then secured a brilliant mark for the metropolitans 40 yards from the posts, and contributed third goal for his side, with a grand place kick. Purdy, receiving the ball from Harper, added the fifth behind, and Burns scored the sixth, which would have been a goal had not the ball been touched midway between the posts. A free kick to the South Melbourne proved result- less, and Galbraith having marked the ball took a place kick, which eventuated in fifth behind for Geelong. A free kick to Kerley (who was treated with unmanly roughness by the South Melbourne followers) was followed by a determined rush by the visitors, who forced their seventh behind, Bushell adding the eighth before half-time was called. Upon resuming, ninth behind for the South Mel- bourne was recorded by Roy from a place kick, and, although a violation of the rules gave Geelong a free opportunity, the visitors were too powerful, and their tenth behind (the result of a rush) was speedily followed by the eleventh. The South Melbourne men were playing football, but they were playing it roughly, and, in consequence, disregarded the rules, as two free kicks awarded consecutively to Geelong indicated. Exciting, but uneven play, in which the South Melbourne more than held their own, ensued, and eventually Harper contributed their twelfth behind. Ends were changed for the last time, and then the Geelong suddenly roused themselves, and, with a charge that was irresistible, tore through the opposing ranks, and secured a behind, a feat which Kearney speedily emulated by kicking second goal for them. The South Mel- bourne succeeded temporarily in turning the tide, and added a behind to their score, and they then openly commenced kicking the ball out of bounds. A free kick to Geelong was the consequence, and shortly afterwards P. M'Shane secured third goal for the local team amidst a scene of wild excitement that beggars description. The game was virtually over, and save for a free kick to each side for breaches of the rules, nothing else worth recording occurred subsequently. The contest, therefore, ended in a draw, the scores being—South Melbourne, 3 goals 13 behinds; Geelong, 3 goals 6 behinds. For the visitors, M. Minchin, J. Young, Smith (two), Docherty, Graves, Elms, Bushell, and Roy played ad- mirably; and Kerley, Douglass, Talbot, Robertson, Kearney, Foote, Hickinbotham, and J. M'Shane did good work for Geelong. Mr. J. Thewlis was strict and impartial as central umpire. MELBOURNE V. WILLIAMSTOWN. These clubs met on the Williamstown ground on Saturday, and played a well- contested game, which resulted in a victory for the visitors. Williamstown were captained by Jones and Melbourne by Robinson. The former won the toss, and Griffiths kicked off towards the beach. Jones was the first to get the ball, and he gave it a vigorous drive in the direction of the pavilion. It was carried close to the Mel- bourne posts, where Gibbs, one minute after the start, got a mark from Smith. He placed the ball and kicked first goal for the local team. Murphy kicked off. The ball was quickly sent into Mel- bourne territory. Franks returned it in good style. A scrimmage followed, after which Williamstown scored a behind. Wyatt performed a run, but Murphy took the ball beyond the centre line, and his efforts being well backed by Bailey, the local men's goal was assailed. Worroll took the ball out of danger, and Wauchope and Jones carried it into the centre of the ground. At quarter time the score stood—Williamstown, 1 goal 3 behinds; Melbourne, 5 behinds. Soon after the change of ends, Tuckfield marked to Bailey, and he forwarded the ball to Dodds, who kicked a behind. For several minutes both teams played with great spirit. The Melbourne goal was twice relieved by Robinson and once by Spooner. Tuckfield and Coul- son also did excellent service for the same side. A run by Tuckfield, and some neat marking by his com- rades, took the play in front of the pavilion, where Coulson, having got the ball from Baird, tried for goal, a behind resulting. The Williamstown goal was for some time attacked, but Smith and Worroll averted the danger temporarily. Elliott brought back the ball, Tuck Hold gave Dodds a mark, and he sent it between the posts, scoring first goal to Melbourne. Another behind having been added to the visitors' score, Worroll indulged in a fine run, carrying the ball well into the centre. Play along the beach fence followed, John- son performing well for his side. Russell got the ball from Griffin and trying for goal scored a behind. The Melbourne, fighting their way step by step, took the play to the opposite end of the arena, where Murphy had a splendid shot for goal from a difficult angle, a behind resulting. Munro got the ball a short distance down the ground, but it was returned by O'Bern. A scrimmage in front of the Williamstown posts fol- lowed, from which Dodds smartly kicked a goal. At half-time the score was—Melbourne, 2 goals 9 behinds, Williamstown, 1 goal 4 behinds. The third quarter commenced with a splendid struggle between the opposing teams, Williamstown at the start having slightly the advantage Warren tried for goal without increasing the score, and the ball went out in the northeast corner. Melbourne rallied, and playing well together, took the play beyond the centre line. A scrimmage occurred at this stage of the game, and while a knot of the local men were appealing to the umpire, Bailey passed the ball to Baird, who punted third goal for the visitors. Jones kicked off. A free kick was awarded to Worroll, and the ball went out about the centre of the west fence. Wyatt and Rivett helped to take the play into the centre, when Murphy ran. A splen- did run by Worroll was the next item of interest. Soon after some good work by Griffin brought the play into the Melbourne end, where Russell with a running kick, sent the ball between the post, thus scoring the second goal to Williamstown. Griffiths kicked off. The play for the remainder of the term was chiefly in the open, both sides playing with the utmost spirit. At the quarter time the state of the game was—Melbourne, 3 goals, 10 behinds; Williams- town, 2 goals, 4 behinds. In the last quarter the light was so bad that it was difficult to distinguish individual players, but Williamstown seemed to have slightly the best of the play, scoring two behinds to Melbourne's one behind. The game from first to last was highly interesting, the excitement of the specta- tors never being allowed to flag for a moment, and the satisfactory exhibition was in a great measure due to Mr. Shaw, the central umpire, who by firmness, im- partiality, and general efficiency, won the applause of the supporters of both teams. The game began exactly 40 minutes after the usual time for start- ing, and it was witnessed by about 2,000 people. For the visitors Murphy, O'Bern, Griffiths, Robinson, Dodds, Morrison, and Elliott—the three first-named especially—and for the locals Jones, Currie, James, Wyatt, Munro (a new man), Kennedy, Gibbs, and Smith, played brilliantly. SOUTH WILLIAMSTOWN V. FITZROY. This match was played on the Williamstown Cricket-ground on Saturday, in the presence of about 800 spectators. W. H. Jones captained the local players, and J. Worrall the visitors. Williamstown won the toss, and decided to kick towards the beach end. Jones kicked off, and the ball went quickly towards the Fitzroy posts, a behind being the result. Shortly afterwards M'Allister secured a mark, and kicked first goal for South Williamstown. The ball, when kicked off, travelled along the right wing, when Maher (Fitzroy) kicked first behind for his team. The ball was set rolling again, and Murray marked to Bruton, when a free kick was given to Williamstown. Maher soon secured a mark opposite the visitors' posts, and kicked first goal for Fitzroy. After the kick off Maher secured another mark, but only managed to contribute a behind. Some fast play ensued, Skinner marking to Sutherland, when the bell rang. The score then was—Fitzroy, 1 goal 2 behinds; South Williamstown, 1 goal 1 behind. When kicked off the ball went towards the Williamstown end, where Birnie marked to M'Allister, who kicked second behinds for the local team. Immediately afterwards M'Allister obtained another mark, and kicked second goal for his team. The ball was kept in the centre for some time, until a free kick was awarded to the visitors. The ball passed rapidly along the right wing, where Newlands marked and placed second goal to the credit of Fitzroy. The play was kept in the centre of the ground until a fine run was made by one of the Fitzroy men. Newlands market, and kicked third goal for the visitors. M'Alister kicked off, and after some play Skinner marked, and with a splendid kick scored third goal for South Williamstown. The result at half-time was —South Williamstown, 3 goals 3 behinds; Fitzroy 3 goals 2 behinds. When play was resumed, Fitzroy secured another behind, quickly followed by one for South Williamstown. They were shortly after awarded a free kick, and a behind resulted. A scrimmage ensured close to the Fitzroy posts. A free kick was given, and another behind was kicked by the visitors. The play became very fast at this stage, the ball oscillating between the boundaries, until Currie secured it and kicked another behind for the local team, which was quickly followed by another to the same team. Just as the bell rang Jones kicked a goal for South Williamstown, but it was not allowed. The result at the third quarter was—South Williams- town, 3 goals 9 behinds; Fitzroy, 3 goals 5 behinds, Shortly after the commencement of the last quarter, Maher (Fitzroy) received a nasty cut above the eye, and had to be taken to Dr. Goldie's to have it treated. It was too dark by this time to distinguish the players. Shortly before the bell rang Jones kicked fourth goal for South Williamstown, followed by fourth goal for Fitzroy. M'Allister also had a shot for goal, but it touched the post. The final result was—South Wil- liamstown, 4 goals 11 behinds; Fitzroy, 4 goals 7 behinds. J. M'Kenzie acted as central umpire. SOUTH BALLARAT V. RICHMOND. The Richmond and South Ballarat teams met at the Eastern Oval, Ballarat, on Saturday, about 5,000 per- sons witnessing the match. The Richmond had drawn with Hotham on the previous Saturday, and it was thought that the contest between them and the Ballarat team would be very close. For a time the game was very evenly contested till the local men gradually got the upper hand, and had several result- less chances to score. At last Montgomery, by a fine kick, scored first goal. This somewhat roused the Richmond men, who played so determinedly that their opponents had to fall back. Point by point the visitors worked towards the South Ballarat posts, and Lyle made matters even by kicking a good goal. At quarter-time South Ballarat had 1 goal 6 behinds, and Richmond 1 goal 1 behind. On the ball being thrown up the local men again assumed the aggressive, and at half- time they had increased their score to 2 goals 9 behinds, while Richmond had only managed to score one more behind. Although the game was stub- bornly contested by the visitors, the South Ballarat team completely outpaced them, and placed them at a great disadvantage by the excellence of their little marks. Doney had no trouble in kicking the third goal for South Ballarat after a great many chances had been missed, the ball once striking the goal post. Scott shortly afterwards kicked the fourth goal, and Moore followed with the fifth, sixth, and seventh, and J. Hogg by a splendid shot kicked the eighth. The visitors towards the close of the game had two chances to score, but they were resultless, and the game ended—South Ballarat, 8 goals 14 behinds; Rich- mond, 1 goal 6 behinds. PORT MELBOURNE V. BALLARAT IMPERIAL. This match was played on Saturday afternoon, at the Ballarat Football Club's ground. The weather was beautifully fine, the ground in first-rate condition for a fast game, and there was no wind to interfere with the play. Robertson captained the local team, and Hanneysee the visitors. During the first quarter the play was fairly even, but the Port Melbourne were more fortunate in scoring. For the Ballarat G. M'Kenzie played a magnificent game. Hanneysee surprised the local team with some splendid and very effective runs along the south wing, and distinguished among the others of the team were Vines, Hyam, M'Knight, and Parry. At the end of the first quarter the scoring was—Port Melbourne, 1 goal, kicked by Fraser, and 1 behind, to Ballarat's 1 goal, obtained by Wright, and 6 behinds. On changing ends the Ballarat men, M'Kenzie, Hosking, and Taylor playing brilliantly, still kept the ball at their opponents' end of the ground for the greater part of the time. Port Melbourne, however, getting possession from time to time, was not to be denied, and obtained two more goals— kicked by Sharp and M'Knight—and another behind, while the Ballarat men could only add to their score 4 behinds. On resuming after half-time, Ballarat forced the running, and a magnificent fast game ensued for the third quarter, A Taylor, of Ballarat, kicking the only goal got. He picked the ball out of a scrimmage and kicked it through from an exceedingly difficult angle, his success eliciting loud cheers from the spectators. Port Melbourne had one easy chance to score, but the ball shot across the goal posts in a very curious course. The play in the first part of the last period was even, but towards the close the Port Melbourne got the game well in hand, and for the last 15 minutes did pretty much as they liked. They had several chances to score. G. Munro got a fourth goal for them. The game resulted in a win for the visitors by 4 goals 10 behinds to 2 goals 18 behinds. Among the features of the game were some splendid long kicks made by G. Wilson, of the Port Melbourne. One long shot he had for goal was so fine and so nearly successful that the spectators warmly ap- plauded him. Mr. D. Taylor officiated as central umpire, and gave general satisfaction. CARLTON V. SANDHURST. Our Sandhurst correspondent telegraphs on Sun- day:— An interesting football match was played on the Back Creek Cricket-ground yesterday between the Carlton and Sankhurst Clubs. The visitors had it all their own way, and won by 7 goals and 17 behinds to 1 goal and 2 behinds. The goal kickers for Carlton were Baker two, Leyden two, Bragge, Bloomfield, and Gellatly one each. University v. Daylesford-A match took place on Friday at Daylesford, between the University and the Daylesford Football Club, the result being a win for the University team by 4 goals 11 behinds to 7 behinds scored by the local team. Brunswick v. Kyneton.—The Brunswick Football Club played the Kyneton club on the Kyneton race course on Saturday afternoon. The game was well contested, and ended in a victory for the visitors who kicked 2 goals and 3 behinds to 1 goal and 11 behinds for Kyneton. The goal-kickers were—For Brunswick, Fleming and Leitch ; for Kyneton, W. Murray. North-park v. Carlton (Second Twenties.)—This match was played on Saturday at Prince's-oval, and resulted in an easy win for the North-park, who scored 6 goals (Forbes 2, Bean 2, Warne and Harry) 22 behinds to their opponents nil. All the winning team played well, while for the losers, Cader, Merriman, Slattery, Mair, and Bonner strove hard to avert defeat. Essendon (second) v. Brighton.—The Essendon second twenty proceeded to Brighton on Saturday to play the local club. Both clubs sent their best teams into the field, and after a grand and exciting game resulted in a win for Essendon by 3 goals (M'Kinnon, Smith, and Buggle) 10 behinds to their opponents' 1 goal (Black) 6 behinds. Gordon, Knowles, M'Kinnon, and Burns played splendidly for Essendon while all the Brighton team worked hard to try and avert defeat. West-end v. North Carlton Imperial.—These clubs met on Saturday on the ground of the former, Military-reserve. The match resulted, after a well contested game, in a draw. The West-end scored 3 goals (Jones, Blackie, and Need) 6 behinds to their opponents' 3 goals 6 behinds. Besides the goal kickers, Hurren, Lane, M'Clure, and Sharland, played best for the West-end. The following matches were also played on Satur- day:—Melbourne (second twenty), 4 goals 9 behinds, v. Williamstown (second twenty), 1 behind; Rich- mond Juniors, 3 goals 5 behinds, v. St. Kilda Royal, 1 goal 5 behinds; Fitzroy (second twenty), 2 goals 3 behinds, v. Rainbow (twenty-three), 2 goals 5 behinds; North-park (second twenty), 2 goals 5 behinds, v. Parkville, 2 goals 2 behinds; Hawthorn, 2 goals 10 behinds v. Rosedale, 2 goals 11 behinds; South St. Kilda, 2 goals 13 behinds v. North Brunswick, 2 goals 8 behinds; South St. Kilda (second), 3 goals 2 be- hinds, v. Southern Temperance, 2 goals 4 behinds. LAWN TENNIS. MELBOURNE V MOSSPENOCH. This trophy match was played on Saturday Messrs. Bartram and Martin (Melbourne) beat Messrs Cold- ham and Mitchell (Mospenoch) by 12 games to 10. The Melbourne pair played brilliantly at the half- courts. Messrs. Highett and Norman Bayles (Mel- bourne) beat Messrs, Purves and Smith by 12 games to 6. After the usual interval Messrs. Bartram and Martin (Melbourne) beat Messrs. Purves and Smith by 12 games to 3. Messrs. Highett and Norman Bayles beat Messrs Coldham and Mitchell by 12 games to 6. The totals were—Melbourne, 48, Moss- penoch, 24. BOHEMIANS V. WINDSOR (Trophy Match). Moule and M'Arthnr beat Michie and Templeton by 12 games to 7, and Dunsford and Ryan 12 games to 9 Raleigh and Riddell beat Dunsford and Ryan by 12 games to 4, and Michie and Templeton by 12 games to 2\. Bohemians 48 games, Windsor 22. South Melbourne v Gascoigne.-This trophy match was played at Caulfield on Saturday last and re- sulted in a win for South Melbourne by 48 games to 27 games. South Melbourne (second) v Kew-This match was played at Kew on Saturday last, the South Mel- bourne getting 58 games to their opponents' 48 games. LACROSSE. South Melbourne 1st v South Yarra.—This match was played at Middle Park on Saturday, and was won by South Melbourne by three goals (Glover, Gordon, and Low) to nil. South Melbourne 2nd v. Fitzroy 2nd.—This match was played at Middle-park on Saturday, and resulted in a win for the South Melbourne by three goals to nil. University v. Fitzroy 1st.—This match was played on Saturday and resulted in a decisive victory for the Varsity by four goals (Goldsmith 3, M Kenzie 1) to one (Trickett). Collingwood (Reds) v. Melbourne.—This match was played on Saturday at Albert park, and resulted in a victory for Collingwood, who obtained two goals to nil. The Melbourne were minus some of their promi- nent players, their places being filled by new men. BOWLING A friendly match between the Fitzroy and St. Kilda clubs, was played on Saturday on the green of the latter club, and, after a well-contested game, resulted in a win for St. Kilda by 20 points. SPORTING TELEGRAMS. (From Our Correspondents.) ADELAIDE, Sunday. The weather yesterday afternoon was beau- tiful, when the Norwood and Adelaide foot- ball teams met on the Adelaida Oval. There was a good game, which was won by the Norwood men, who obtained 4 goals and 9 behinds against 2 goals and 8 behinds. SYDNEY, Sunday. The Queensland football team was de- feated by a combined New South Wales team on the Association ground yesterday by 9 goals and 11 behinds to 1 goal and 7 behinds. RUTHERGLEN, SATURDAY. A foot race for £25 a side at three dis- tances, namely, 100, 200 and 300 yards, be- tween R. Yates, of Wahgunyah, and P. Carey, of Rutherglen, was run on the Ruther- glen football ground to-day in the presence of over 800 spectators. The first distance run was 200 yards, and this Carey won with comparative ease by about four yards in 21.5s. The betting was even. In the second event, 100 yards, Carey took the lead at the jump, and won comfortably by about three yards in 10.4s. 