HAIL NEWS. THE CASE OF BRADLAUGH. The Post's London cable special says : — h Bradlaugh's swearing in- passed off Without a scene, though with amusing ncidents. He seized one of the Testaments as soon as they were brought to him, and proceeded to swear himself in. He re mained jammed in the crowd of members for an hour. It was au amusing sight, as he was getting redder, and clasping the gorgeously bound Testament to his breast. Sir Erskine May made him swear again, and carefully scrutinised his boisterous kiss. It is understood that his appeal before the House of Lords will now be hastened. If the verdict is against him, the Government will prosecute him for sitting and voting ; if in his favour, the disgraceful struggle will be over." THE DISTRESS IN ENGLAND. If the ghost of the Christmas of the present day (says the New York Times' correspondent on 26th December) could have taken Columbia over the expanse of the Old World last night, she would have realised as never before the full measure of m V X V S _ _ a. .5 Y La her own miraculously messeu wuokiuu amongst the nations of the earth. Here in Europe one's heart acbe3 at the abounding misery which the seison's affected merriment illuminates. Thesuttrr ins among the poor of London, wni-.li J3 always great, is now said to dented, and the usual efforts at a Cm is rm. is | alleviation seem to have h-en para ys-d »y the immensity of the task, for comparatively little organised charity has beeea reported Any day during the past f.tnl=, one could ,ee thousands of f«mt and raised wretches prowmig wharves, each .eady to fight the other in order to be one of a score wlm were admitted to a day s work for 40 ceuts if a ship happened to come in. Everywhere husmes- is reportod to be worse than it was a year j aeo It is said that not a single Ooriatuid | publication has yielded a profc At the Loudon docks less than one half the quao- tity of wine has been taken out of bond \- thft was taken out last year. More tangible luxuries suffer m the same way When it was stated a year ago thtthe British shipbuilding industries were off half ! a million tons, it seemed that the worst showing had passed ; but the report now is Ukely to show another diminution and one nearly as great. This is a sample of all industries, while the farmers' prices have reached a starvation pomu a. yet the cost of the necessaries of llfe " greater than it was then, owiug to the grievous conditio! of the middlemen whom the long credit system forces to Plund cash purchasers. While the price of -attic ia almost halved, butchers' meat is as high I as ever, and the Kent farmers are combining to do their own killing in oreler to get rid of the butchers altogether. Tae b.udet' ' will show a large decrease m receipts despite the increased taxation. I AMERICANS STARVING IN LONDON The poverty of hundreds of Americans, here, some of whom have fair positions at at home, is . something appa ling. Turn winter subscriptions ure j | among those with incomes to send the un fortunates home. If every American pap.r would devote a columu to imploring people who have not a certainty of work here to stay at home they would do an mealcuUb16 service to humanity. Probably 500 here are nowliviDg in the most fearful squalor, and are only kept alive by begging. DOLOUR ON THE CONTINENT. Aoross the Channel the same threnody is chanted everywhere. From Paris, of course, one expects to hear nothing but lamenta tions, but the fierce prolongation of the political wrangle into holiday week and the grave uncertainty of the near future seem to I have made the business stagnation worse than ever. Copenhagen is sullen and gloomy under a despotic martial law, tifch threats of revolution m the air. Italy has a Christmas present in the form ot news that King John of Abyssinia w about to de clare war on account of the Massowab affair, which means many added millions to the tax burden. Vienna is in a truly dole ful frame of mind, with cholera at Trieste, riots in Croatia, and both a heavy fioancia damage caused by the collapse of her principal debtor, ervia, and a national humiliation at the loss of her Balkan pres tise The mail reports show that the condition of the starving and freezing soldiers of the two wretched little pnnci palities is utterly appalling Pel rhaps i it has had no parallel since Arnold s march to j Quebec. Prince Alexander has already lost ; twice as many men by death, exposure, and disease as in battle. It u i only the wol ves who have had a merry Christmas in the Balkans this year. AFFAIRS IN IRELAND. An extraordinary incident occurred on 4th January in connection with the meet of the County Limerick hounds at Rockbill, near Buree. There was a large meeting of horsemen, but before the bunt commenced the Rev. Mr, Sbeehy, of Buree, who was arrested during the Land agitation, attended, accompanied by a large gathering of the aountrv people. The rev. gentleman sent to Mr. John Gubbms, the master oi ine hunt, and asked if he was prepared to settle with his tenants. Mr. Gubbins replied that 1 he had offsred his tenants a reduction of 25 ner cent. The £Uv. Mr. Sheehy rejoined that what was required was a permanent settle I ment. As a result of the interview Mr Gubbins refused to be dictated to, and said he was not prepared to refer the dispute to j arbUration, The Rev. Mr. Sheeby threat- 1 ened that until Mr. Gnbbins settled with | bis tenantry hunting would not be permitted, j The crowd who backed up Father Sheehy cheered him enthusiastically, and it veas evident from their aggressive demeanour that they would have f?red l®lenfceILL : Gubbins had persevered in hunt Some of the dogs were beaten off, and Mr. GabbmSf feeing the state of feeling .shown, wisely decided to return home. L is not expected Mr. Gidobins will continue hunting for the rAmsiodc pi the hreain|; up of his establishment muBt entail a serious >ecuniary loss on the district. At the Assizes at Cork, on 30th De cember, "Michael Kissane was placed on his trial lor the second time for forming part of an armed and disguised party who attacked the dwelling honse of Patrick Doyle, at Brida, county Kerry, on the nigtit of 22ud October last. Doyle lived in a bleak and lonely valley beyond the gap of Danloe, and some short distance from him resided the Kissanes, who, like Doyle, lived by feeding sheep on their mountain farms. The district was exreme'-y remote, being s x miles from the Danloe road, and three miles from the Glencar road, and there were no strangers frequenting the place. As far back as the month of October a system of moonlighting had prevailed there. On the night of 22nd. October a party of armed and disguised men - attacked the house of Patrick Doyle when the family had retired to bed. Doyle, on discovering that an attempt was bei ig made to break into his house, immediately aroused his six sons, and they all armed themselves with pikes, griffauns, and other agricultural imple menta, to resist trie moonlighters. When the marauders succeeded in forcing the door the family vigorously attacked them, with the result that in a few minutes the moonlighters were , put to flight and pursued by Doyle, who J, captured one of them, a man named Casey I (who has pleaded guilty), and fully identified j I the prisoner Kissane as one of the party. I Several members of the Doyle family were j examined, and corroborated the statement of counsel. For the defence an alibi was I set up, but it failed. The jury found the prisoner guilty, aud sentence was deferred. J The boycotting of Mr. Nicholas D'Arcy I promises to give rise to unanticipated j complications. At the hearing of Mr. D'Arcy's application to be awarded a sum of £540 for the malicious burning of a quantity of hay last October at Newcastle West, a man named John Connors, who had previously sworn information ss to malice, and that he had been offered bribes to give false testimony, contradicted his original J evidence, and deposed that it was he who j bad set fire to the hay at the instiga tion of a daughter of the applicant. Mr. D'Arcy's claim was rejected, or rather outvoted by the cesBpayers con stituting the court j but the police have now turned the tables temporarily on the I opponents to the claim by arresting Connors 1 on his own confession and having him j brought before the stipendiary magistrate, j by whom he was remanded. An application 1 for bail was refused. At New Pallas a man named Ryan, who had bought turf from a boycotted farmer, was pursued into the chapel where he went to attend mass by an excited crowd, and had to seek the protection of | the parish priest from the violence of the people. Before leaving the man promised to return the turf on the following day to the obnoxious farmer, and the neighbours accordingly attended for the purpose at the man's residence to see him carry out his promise. The turf was then stacked in a waggon, and Ryan led the horse in the direction of Mr. Griffin, the boycotted farmer's house, about a mile distant. The j crowd, which numbered several hundreds, followed the waggon. In passing through the village of New Pallas, toe procession was further swelled by the villagers and constabulary, the latter apprehending a riot. On the procession reaching Mr. Griffin's house they found himself and his three sons armed with guns and prepared to resist toe i return of the turf ; but on the police inter fering with regard to the threatened use of | the firearms, the Messrs. Griffin quickly allowed Ryan to place the turf in the yard amid the cheers of the crowd. The assem blage then quickly dispersed, cheering for the National League. THE HISTORIAN LECKY ON THE IRISH QUESTION. William Lscky, the historian, has written a letter on the Irish question, in which he I declares that any English statesman that advocates handing over the property and ! government of Ireland to the Parnellifes is either a traitor or a fool. To set up an Irish Parliament, he thinks, would be an act of wickedness unparalleled even in Irish his tory. What Ireland needs, he says, is the restoration of the liberty of the people to pursue their lawful business and fulfil their j lawful contracts. Unless the law of the empire be restored in Ireland, industrial ruin is inevitable, and will be followed by anarchy, which can only be quelled by the sword. ORGANISATION OF IRISH LAND LORDS. The landlords are organising also. The j Duke of Devonshire, Lord Harrington's father, owning 60,000 acres in Ireland, has J accepted the presidency of the Irish Defence Union. United Ireland , the chief Parnel- I lite organ, deelares with all solemnity that J it regards Che agrarian struggle as never, j during the century, more serious than now ; j that the population of several counties is j ready to take up arms, and that the people I will not submit either to eviction or punish- j ment for resistance. It openly threatens 1 reprisals if the Government attempts to enforce the law. The Archbishop of Dublin in a speeoh yesterday echoes these threats, j The Standard declares that a crisis is near, 1 and a final struggle for supremacy between the league and law is imminent ; tnac trier is no humanity in half measures ; that a vigorous policy is the only successful one, and that the truest mercy to the Irish people is to save them from the organised persecution they have set up. THE TROUBLE IN SAMOA. j . A Berlin telegram of 13 ch January to the San Franoisao Chronicle says it is stated by the highest authority that Prince Bismarck has received a despatch fully confirming the J report of the seizure of Samoa by repre 1 sentatives of Germany. Commander Weber, 1 it is said, has telegraphed that all the old feel j log of animosity against Germany, resulting from the support given by Germany to | Tamasee against Malietoa, culminated iu an open rupture, necessitating the landing of a I force from the jGerman uuboafc Albatross j to protect the settlers until the restoration ' pf .order, £he commander ia further re- ported as saying tnat the 8amoan flag was I not lowered until the king had fled. (JouDt I Von Hatzfeldt, German Ambassador at j .London, has telegraphed to Prince Bismarck I the folio wiug despatch handed to him by I Lord Salisbury, which was received from Mr. Powell, the British Consul in Samoa I "Commander Weber has driven the King J from the seat of Government. Weber hauled down the king's flag, a force from the Albatross assisting The king was in sulted. The British and American Consuls | entered a solemn protest. Their presence alone prevented the massacre of the Ger mans. War is imminent." The rennrc is current that Germany will annex Samoa. I A HUNDRED SKATER IMMERSED. The lakes in Regent Park have been crowded with skaters during a recent freeze. ' On the 10 ch January there was an unusual number of persons enjoying themselves on the ice. The throng was so great on one of the ponds as to break the ice, and at least 100 men, women and childien were given a very cold immer-ion. There was intense excitement, but the water was shallow, and beyond the discomfort of a cold bath nothing serioui happened. 