THE ? |TOTT£9,iER. Swalecliffe Castle. CHAPTER IV. ? ' HOXiY JOE.' I missed the down train in London, dined at the station, not reaching Cross Hills until past 9 instead of at 6\. Leaving my valise to follow by the carrier next morning I walked up across country. The footpath I had taken brought me into the lane skirted ??by the palings of our grounds oppjsite a gate in them of which I had the key in my pocket, The gate led me into a copBe, where at no great distance stood a rustic summer-house I had ap 1 propriated as a comfortable smoking lounge — strongly built, heather that ched, lined -with matting, and f ur : hiahed with a rustic table, couch and chairs, j^lreacjy, since my return, I tiad' brought tliither o. few books, ?writing materials and newspapers that gave it a habitable appearance. I : wont inside for the purpose of there depositing the ghost picture in secu» rity and secrecy, for the place waB locked and never visited but by my self. Had I taken tho canvas home the servants or my mother would as '?? -Buredly have ferreted it out, and I had : promised discretion to old Parker, I ; lit a lantern and unrolled the picture, which had become somewhat creased. To stretch it out I thrust tin tacks ir through the four corners and fastened it thua to the matting on the wall. Great goodness ! What a horrid, haunting thing it was ! I felt con fltrained to gaze on, though hating the contemplation. How minutely it ans wered to my hallucination \ Or was i(; only 'my excited' fancy that said so ! presently {v began to1 enter into old Parker's desire to get rid of it. 1 should have destroyed it then and there had this been an easy task. Then I decided to keep it, at least till ? the mystery had been cleared up . . That very night I would wrile to the .Governor of Southbury Prison and make searching inquiry. But I could not have it staring me in ? the fuco. I took an old sheet of the Times and piunod it across, then, tak ??? ing the lantern, turned to walk homo through the wood. ''.' At.that. moment, I benrd a thud, as of a man's weight alighting from over t^e pajings on the grans. I turned off the lantern and endeavoured to roconnoitre through a cranny in tho 8umrofr-hous8 What should a lur ker be doing at this hour ? Easy to guess. The game shop at the next town was notoriously supplied by others than those who had a right to shoot. The moon wns veiled, but there wns light enough for me to descry the man's figure stealing ' nearer through the copse. I was no very rigid enfor cer of the game laws, but was nono the less eager to take stock of my poacher. It might be for a wife and six starving children that ho was earning a dishonest penny ; but I should like to know it. Aa he crept through the undorwood I caught a glimpse that sufficed for recognition. By all that's hypocritical the reformed drunkard, tho excolpor teur, the model organ-blower, ' Holy Joe !' The rascal disappeared again in the thick of tho copse, where no doubt his trap was set. It was no case of accomplices or firearms, and I was not afraid of tackling Joe Murphy. 'While he was busy with the trap I slipped out, eusconceu myseir. so as to cut oil his ?retreat toward tho palings, and just as he turned to make off with his booty I dashed at him and collared him. ' Let go, you d ? d keeper, he roared, ' or I'll swear I caught you doing a job on your own account. Like enough you trapped that bird. Get off,' and with a frantic effort he actually shook off my hold. 'Take that — and that,' hitting out right and 'left, then, na I closod with him, fight ing fiercely as a badger, and showing a savage strength that took me by sur prise. ? I had to defend myself for a minute, then came a sharp tussle, then a well-planted blow of mine levelled him to the ground, whero he lay groaning, bis valor extinguished, whin ing out that I had done for him, and it was all over with ' Holy Joe.1 ' Get iip,' I said, suspecting he was shamming. He shook his head. He knew me now, and gazed at me re proachfully, saying I had broken every bone in his body, and all for a poor little bird he had gone for to kill, just to put it out of its misery. He never could bear to see poor dumb animals suffer. I fetched the lantern and flashed it on his face. Jt was -white and strange, Seejng he either couldn't or wouldn't stir unaided, I got him inside the summer-house. A few moments would show whether he was really hurt — I might have hit harder than I intended — or whether, as I believed, he had got no more than the good drubbing he richly deserved for his delinquencies. I propped him up in a chair and lit some candles. He was pale and trembling, whether from fear, pain, or nervous shock I could not tell. ? Master Milford,' he announced by and-by, with solemnity, ' I'm dying.' 'Dying? Stuff and nonsense, man,' I replied. ' You're not damaged be yond a few bruises. I'm doctor enough to tell you that. Why did you turn on on me in that wildcat fashion ? 1 never thought you'd show fight, I confess.' ' I was always a demon when aroused ' There's more than one's felt the weight of this,' setting down a flabby fist, ' till the rheumatism caught me — all along of long hours in them damp churches.' But as he spoke, the clue to all — to his loss of vigor and his swift col lapse — betrayed itself, alas, in the corner of a b'randly flask, half full pro truding from his pocket. I drew it forth and shook it in his face. ' Rheumatism you maligning rogue ! That's how you prime yourself for' raids on my premises. You were half-tipsy when I met you on Satur day—you who've forgotten the taste of spirits, never touch a drop !' ' Medicinally,' he said gravely, with a sly twinkle in his eye. ' Under doctor's orders. You're a bit of a doctor, you said. Now you've half killed me, master, least you can do is order mo the restorative.' 1 No,' said I convinced he had more than enough. ' If you're faint, there's water here.' As I moved to the shelf to get the jug, Joe, the instant my was turned, suddenly recovering the use of his limbs, rose, seized the flask I hnH incautiously laid on the table n lirl nnnihon i4: n'n -it if- rnn« « «?» J.nu J — i*i.im 'imuwu ly t^o kL IV **C{tJ V/ttLtU III' deed. Th,en he qank ba.ok in the chair with an inarticulate expression of bliss. 'Rascal! Aren't you ashamed of yourself?' I said, furious and help less, 'getting relief from the parish, and setting up for a temperance man swilling brandy enough on the sly to kill a hippopotamus. 'Drunkard and thief besides !' He looked at me with hopeless, im perturbable serenity. Neither gods nor men could touch him for that one moment of ineffable content. The dose had galvanized his damaged wits into quick, confused activity. Tho string of his tongue was loosed. It never took much to do that, ' Como, there's thieves and thieves,' he began, . 'Some rides on horseback, and somo daren't look over a hedge. See tliat young devil Mick ? ' ' Aye, the vagabond,' I broko in — for the mere name of him put me in a rage now. 'You and he are a pair to match,' ' Eh, _ have you seen him ?' asked Joe, his curiosity roused by. my warmth. Where master % Lolling in luxury, I'll swear, whilst honest, hard working folks like' Joe Murphy starve on crusts. I'd change that, if ever he enme back,' he added. ' So thick you and he were together, I said, struck by bin vindictive tone. Joe who was growing garrulous, ram bled on. ?As comfortnble'to be thick with he US with a pair o' shears. Shuts on your fingers, aud outa 'em of. Tell me where. he is, master. If 1 knew I'de take it out of him yet ; he as. lots jts old pal slave aud oomo on the parish, when a word o' mine could sot the police on him for a thief and a robber.' ? ? Servo him right, too, too,' I re joined. My feelings toward Miok were such that tcere wns something not displeasing to mo in any addition to the list of his known misdemeanors and I tried to draw Joo on —whoso wits seemed getting hazier every moment — by following up his thought 'I was a fool to let the beggar slide, aud trust his word for tli6 swag,' he said j then muttered, indistinctly, to himself, ' Sampson knew, Sampson knew 1' 'Knew Mick was a robber,' I struck in, too sharply. It roused Joe's caution. _ 'Nay,' and he shook his head with a sickly smile. 'I never said so.' ' But so it was,' I rejoined, warming to the part I was playing. ' Else why did the old man cut him off with a shilling ? He couldn't do more.' This argument, spoken as if it were unanswerable, seemed to overwhelm Joe .by its convincing logic. 1 'Course, why cut him off ? Do as you've been done by. Nevvy robbed the uncle, so why shouldn't the uncle rob the nevvy. Ha, ha ! Sampson couldn't do more, or he would. No evidence ; only I'd got that to give. Wish I had. Why should I be ten derer to Mick than his own kith and kin 1 Answer me that.' ' You and he were a couple of in fernal dogs,' I exclaimed, forgetting myself. The drift of Joe's confused utter ances pointed, it seemed, to some suc cessful attempt of the two to help themselves out of old Sampson's cash box — an extremely probable occur rence. It revolted my sense of jus tice that these rogue should escape scot free, while poor Jem had to pay the full penalty of his fatal though though just anejer. ' If men had their deserts,' I con tinued, ' I know where you'd he now j and Mick along with you.' He shook his head stammering with a tipsy smile, ? ' But a dog at large ia better than a caged lion,' Proverbs says so,' 'So. you robbed Mick's uncle for him ?' I resumed quietly, ' and you and he divided tho spoil ?' But his mistrust was now thoroughly roused. Raising himself from his chair, he said with a manner that Bhowed me I should get no more out of him. f Don't you try and come over, .Joe Murphy. I see what you're at. But split me if this old bird's to be caught with chaff. I'm going home.' ' Off with you, then,' I retorted, re sisting the temptation to precipitate his exit with a kick, ' and mind, if I catch you after my partridges a second time, I'll have you up, as sure as iny name's Milford. Why, morcy on us, man, what now ?' Joe seemed noj; to hear ; a sudden pallor came into his face, his eyes, fixed and dilated, were staring into space, his frame shrank together, he cowered abjectly, terror - stricken, pointing before him with a shaking hand, and faltering out in a tone which for fright and dismay I never heard equalled. ' Good Lord, what's that ?' I thought he was delirious. Look ing bade, I perceived that the cover ing had slipped from the ghoat-pioture The rays of light so fell on it as to throw out with ghastly weirdness that single, strange, strangely clad figure, with the woollen cap drawn over his face. It might have been an appari tion from the other side of the grave. Upon Joe the effect was appalling. His limbs, his tongue seemed para lyzed. I was about to speak, when he staggered to his feet, shaking as if palsied, and dropped on his knees, faltering. It's King ! it's Tiger King — dead in prison, as I've seen him nights when I lay awake Dead ! and come back to carry me off to hell with him. Don't come to me !' and he struck out wildly iu the air. ' Got to Mick, you gaping ruffian. I'm hung if I ever lifted up my voice again.styou. Have mercy on our souls !* He covered his eyes, then looked again fearfully, half-crazed, and crying out indesperation, ' Don't stand th,ere dangling, as if — lift your cap — let's see your face underneath.' Then with a screech that made my blood run cold, and shrinking away, unable to take his eyes off the figure, 'It's a death-head, I know. Find Mick, I tell you ; the perjured cun ning rascal ! Man's not bound to crim inate himself. That's British law, all the world over. I bore you no grudge Jem, I swear. But what idiot would go lodge a charge against himself when ho could keep out of jail by holding of his tongue — kind o' suicide — and that's felony.' He shrank back again ; 'that's felony.' He shrank back against the wall, growing wilder and wilder in looks and utterance, as he gasped.' ' I never chargod you— no more than a babe unborn. Police did tliat. If Mick swore to you, that was his business. Yours was to clear yourself, if you could. Get off, or I'll dash your brains out, ghost or man. Come near mo and I'll do for you as I did for ? .' Here he choked, staggered, and fell down helpless in a At. For a. moment I stood transfixed, dumb-founded and in bewilderment as his half-disclosures, hints atj Borne hideous mystery in the background. The fear lest he should dje now, acd with him all hopes of further eluoida tion brought me to iny senses. I ran to him, loosened his collar and laid him fiat on the couch. Then I hastily refastened the sheet of paper over the picture His faint was slight and in a fow miuutea he opened his eyes. JuHtautly they darted to the Bpaoe on the wall behind mo, ' Gone,' ho muttered, then raised himself, looking round aud sighing, 'Bad dreams make cowards of the bravest men.' He paused, then with a change of expression, turning his eyes on me. ' Master,' bo began, in tho same maudlin tone as at first. 'I'm dying. You've done for me. It's all over with ' Holy Joe.' Ho was no more dying than I was The morbid fancy was born of brandy. He might, however, have drunk himself to tho verge of delirium tremens, and possible consequont imbecility. ' If eo it is to be, then, Joe,' I said deliberately, ' I'd die honest and leave nothing untold — of the mischief you and Mick were up to together.' 'The villain !' cried Joe resentfully. ' He brought me to this. I was a harmless chap before. Liked a drop o' Sundays, but what o' that ? The better the day the better the drink, ha ! ha ! ' 'Twas Mick set me on for hiB own ends, and then would have cheated me out of the cash — I who'd had all the pains and tho risk.' ? J He made you rob Sampson's cash box for him,' said I, thrust by circum stances into playing the detective. I was only an amateur, and Joe's face of innocence and surprise, as he asked what I meant, showed he had wit enough left to baffle a crossexamin ation. ' Ob, that's an old story,' I said indifferently. Sampson knew.' ' No, no — suspected.' Joe corrected me. ' Police Baid it was burglars. And the box was never found.' ' You hid it so well,' I hazarded, taking my cue from the expression of his face, 'they may look and wel come.' 'Look till the Day of Judgment,' said he. ' Mick don't know himself. But be bad the money all but £10. We were to have shared alike.' ' What a swindle,' I chimed in, ' to give you the job and cheat you of your due !' ' Why, I didn't as niuoh as know where Sampson kept his cash. It was Mick told me of the safe in tho wall and how to get at the key. Simple as a b c. And Sampson never missed it for three days. ' Clever,' 1 rejoined, ' so far you scored.' Joe pursued. 'Then that night — same night as Mick bad that set to with Jemmy King at the ' Cricketers,' we met, as agreed, by the old chestnut in .Elmer'B field. And there was only half the cash we'd looked for. 'Twas then Mick, the shark, wanted to get all into his hands. I knew I'd never see a penny if he did. He swore he'd lodge rae in jail if I peached. Who'd believe the word of a poor devil like me against him ? But I paid him out that night.' I was no actor. Excitement deprived me of all self-control, and vainly I tried to keep from betrayitig emotion that would rouse Joe's dormant instincts of prudence as I spoke. ' And you, Joe Murphy, committed the murderous assault for which Jem was found guilty.' ' Hullo, what's that story ?' he said in a changed tone. But righteous anger forbade dissimulation. I trusted to confound and overwhelm him with the discovery. 'Clear as daylight. You fought Mick, who dared not charge you with the assault lest you should confess all, and implicate him in the robbery.' But Joe's cunning had not quite deserted him. ' You're a smart gentleman,' he said, but Joe's smarter if he's taken you in with his tales ' I saw myself baffled, my hopes dis comfited. Every one knowa what the self- accusations of a drunkard are, and aB I had only words, hot a scrap of evidence to rely on. Possibly his tale was the offspring of a disordered imagination. ' Well, it's all past and gone,* I re Bumed presently. 'And Sampson's dead, so there's only one thing more ; what became of the cash-box ?-' Bqt Joe, once fully conscious that I was trying to draw him out, was not to be imposed ob. '? Cash-box ?l he echoed, surprised. ' Why you don't mean to say you've been listening to a poor fellow's yarns 1 I've forgot 'em already.' Provoked to exasperation, I tried a menace, saying severely : ' If you don't answer me now, I'll have you before tho magistrates to morrow, and locked up for a poacher and incorrigible vagabond.' The threat was ah utter failure. They're Christian gentlemen, he re turned, «and won't sit hard on a poor broken-down chap like me. I'll chance it, master.' In despair I was about to let him go, when I was struck with a sudden idea. With a rapid movement of one hand I detached the covering from the picture. Joe, who had not seen the act, was suddenly again confronted with what ho took evidently for an apparition. The effect was instan taneous. Withscared looks he clutched me, crying wildly : ' Oh, master, see— he's there again.' ' Where— what V said I, looking about.. ' What do you moan, what do you sea ?' ' Yonder, Jemmy King, in his prison dress — see the broad arrow every, where — he wants to throttle me. Pull him off. He's coming after me,' and he dashed for the door. I had locked it. ' Murphy, you conscience-striokon coward,1 I cried, ' this comes of your false waye and lying tongue. It's your guilty fancy brings theae terrors upon you. Tell the truth and they'll let you go. You anil Mick robbed old Sampson Glover and fought about the money. Aud the cash-box — you shall stand here until you tell me.' 1 Hidden,' he gasped out, vanquished at laBt, ' in Elmer's field, by the old chestnut three yards to the north, deep under ground. ' There, now, for the love of mercy — help — got me away.' I flung open the door. Covering his face with his hands, ho rushed out. But liis head was unsteady, he stag gored a fow yards, then Bank down on tho grass, clearly unable to get further. I went to tho gate in the fence^and blow a long, loud whistle, which in process of time brought assistance from the nearest cottagos, and some of our own laborers. ' Tako this man to tlio parish in firmary,' I said, ' I caught him ties passing, but let that pass ; the Doctor had better look to him, for he needs it.' , ' Let him deny everything tomor row,' I thought. I shall know now what his tale is worth.' CONCLUSION, It was n chill October eve, four weeks later. My mother thought me demented for the restlessness that kept driving me out oE doors, since within I could not keep quiet. Enough had hap pened during those weeks to unsettle a rock. First the strange confession that had fallen from Joe's lips, and the results of the investigation, so far private, that bad been instituted, es tablishing King's complete innocence of the charge successfully fastened on him. A st» anger thing than this had been brought to light, and of its' strangest feature I alone had know ledge. I was now disturbed by increasing fears that these revelations had come too late. I had cabled to meet the Cambria, but the answer, by letter or in person had come not. My telegram might have missed one who probably travelled under some other name — it might have arrived too late, or Jem might have changed his destination, taken another ship, drifted out of reach ; and worse and gloomier possi bilities suggested themselves at times to my fancy. A hundred times I had gone down to the station on faint pretexts, till I vowed T would go no more. My walk this evening took me along the lane we call Shooter's Hill. I was planning adverfcisments to send to American papers. The autumn mists rising on all sides made the cattle look colossal, tho trees giants, the moon an auroral sun, human forni3 monsters. I see one coining down tho lane, and, do what I will, my pulse quickens. This last week I have seen a hundred Jem Kings afar ofF, and it has always turned out to be a carter, or a pedler, or the dairyman. To-night I am clear the person in existence is not Jem ? and yet there is a train at about this hour, and his preternatural height maj\ bo an effect of the fog. Hurry forward to meeb him and be disap pointed I will not. I wait, and as he comes nearer I recognise with a thrill, first bis old footstep, then — my heart bounding with satisfaction — I confront — his old self — not as when wo parted last on this very ground, but haler, and bronzed .with sea-travel, invigor ated with revived hope and spirits, surer restoratives than the breezes of the Atlantic. Being English, wo Bhake hands without speaking a word At last I observed significantly : 'This time you'll not refuse to walk up with roe. Jim V Suddenly withdrawing his hand, with a doubt and suspicion that died very hard, he' demanded, almost roughly : ' It's all true, is it, what your mes sage told me ? If you did it only to coax me back, though meaning kindly — it's the worst, cruelest wrong you Bver did in your life, Before I go a step further tell me straight how it stands.' 'Jemmy.' said I, you're cleared, Joo Murphy, the real culprit has con fessed.' 'Murpliy,' he uttered amazed — 'Mick's old pal,' ' Say accomplice in theft — Joe, who had. drunk himself to the very verge of hopeless imbecility, and was con vinced he was dying. But for that he would never have come out with it. They robbed Sampson Glover, and fought over the money that night. Mick did not dare get Murphy into trouble by naming him as his assailant. Strong suspicion had fallen on you — only confirmation was wanting. Mick gave it — paid off his grudge.' 'And a curse . on his villainy that sent me to rot in prison !' Jim struck in excitedly. 'Hush,' said 1 ? ' Mick is out oE reach of man's curse now.' ' Dead ?' Jem uttered, his animosity unappeased. 'Dead — unpunished?' 'He left Eversfold, and lived in London under an assumed name. He became a partner in a band of sharpers, and two years later was, with them, convictea of forgery, and obtained a heavy sentence — but still under his assumed name, his real ono, remaining undiscovered. Nor should we ever have known his fate but for a strange circumstance. A photograph that happened to be sent to me, togethor with an answor to certain inquiries I had occasion to make of the gover nors of the Southbury convict estab lishment, identified him with tho prisoner in question. He hanged him sel£ in his cell at Swalecliffe eighteen months ago.* Tho effect of this intelligence on Join was unanticipated by me. It not only sobered his passion, but the shock brought about the slow revulsion of feeling ; and when be spoke again it was with an altered manner, as if awed into a kind of contrition. ' Master Prank,' ho said, ' there's something comes on me now — some- thing I put out of sight in my trouble. Perhaps you won't shake hands so hearty when I've told you— but I'm not so white now as you'd paint me.' Ho was silent as if reluctant to utter his thought, then spoke with a sombre eorfc of intensity that was im pressive, if not agreeably so — andcon vincing. ' I might have murdered him that night for his talk. I can hear him now laughing and saying he kuew she would follow his whistle, like others wo knew — coupling Rosa's name along with theirs ! It wasn't the drink, as they said, it was the devil took hold of me then ; I could have killed him then ; I could have killed him there, but they held me back. I swore an oath : ' Perdition tako my soul, but you shan't gof hom'e alive.' I. meant it. They turned me out, but I stood waiting for him two hours at tho; cross roads where he used to pass. I! meant to force him to a fight ; but: thero could bo no fair fight between a slip lad like him and me. He never, came. Had I gone home straight from the ' Cricketers,' I could have cleared myself easily. But one had seen me hanging about thero in the dark, another saw me come in late in a madman's temper. I myself could give no clear account of the time between ; and my own words and acts rose up in witness against me. J. felt dazed, stupid-like, and waked slowly from that devil's dream to find myself ia a convict gang. ' My poor fellow,' said I ' you have more than expiated your rash oath, which I take leave to doubt whether you would have followed up with a crime.' As wo walked on Jem grow calm again, and he told mo how his voyage bad been prolonged by an accident to to the ship. I told him how I had arranged that he was to come home with me and stay there quietly till the inquiry was concluded : when the facts would be made to the public. 'Do they know in the village V he asked. 'One knows,' said I ; 'I told her, Jem ; she is waiting and watching for you.' Jem's attempts to preserve a manly indifference were most unsuccessful ' Not married yet V he asked con strainedly. ' But what's that to me 1 She never cared.' ?She cared enough,' I returned, ' to have married you when you came out of prison a month ago — had it de pended on her.' *Rosc Evans V ' Rose Evans — sho told me so thou. For my part, Jem, I should ask no more than that of any girl.' Jem hold his tongue ; we wore approaching the pleasure ground at home ; oiir way led us past a green that lay near tho back entrance, planted with sycamores and elms. I resumed : ' Sho has been at the house to-day, to do Boine needlework for my mother. Suppose, Jem, that should be her now leaving the gate. He had descrid her already. She had seen us and stopped, uncertain what to do. Even at this distance I seemed to feel the charm of those soft full outlines, the pure bloom on her rounded cheek. Jem, too, had stopped dead — my destiny clearly was to join the hands of these shy village lovers. 'Won't I startle her too much?' faltered Jem, tremulously and low, like a girl. 'It will be no surprise,' said I. 'These three weeks she has looked for it ovory day. It was I who despaired she never did.' # * # # # Under the elms 1 left them. Call no man unlucky until he is dead. A few days more and Jem will be the talk of the village — again a little and Hose will be a bride. Jem has suffered certainly, but I foresee for him rarer compensation than the Home Secretary can bestow. And the secret of Swalecliffe Castle ? I have told the thing as it happened, let who will try to draw conclusions. One more added to the list of evidences of things unseen ; tales over which fools laugh and wise men ponder. — IP. Milford, in London Society. A OARD.— To all who ark Suffehin. from tub errors and indiscretion of youth nervous weakneSB, early decay, loss of man hood, &c;, I will send a receipt that will cure you, FBEE OF CHARGE. The great remedy was discovered by a missionary in South America- Seed a solf-addressod envelops and sixpence to repay postage to the Ret. Joseph T. Insiak, Station D. Neiv York City. U.S. A. FiiOiuLiNE ! For the Teeth and Braeth — A few dropB of the liquid 'Floriline sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush producesa pleasant lathor, which thoroughly oleanse the teeth from nil parasites or impurities hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stc-pa de jay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly-while noBfl, and a delightful fragrance to the breath It removes all napleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco Bmoke. 'The Fra grant Floriline,' being composed in part of Honey and Bwoefc herbs, is delicious to the taate, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Price 2s Gd, of al). Chemists and Per turners. Who-.etale depot 33 Farringdon Road, London — Advt. Advice to Motiieus ! — Aro you broken in your rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at once to ths hemist and get a bottle of Mns. WinsLOw'e oothinq Syrup. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfeotly harm, less and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving tho child from pain, and the little oherub awakes ' as bright as button.' It soothes tho child, it softwis the gums, allays all pain, rolieves wind, regulates tbfl bowels, and is the best known romody for dysentery and diarrhooa, whothor arising from teething or other causos. Mrs. Winslow'r Soothing Syrup is sold by medioine dea[or» verywhere at Is 14d per bottle. — A»v Throat Affections and Hoarseness. — All Bufforing from irritation of tho throat and hoarseness will be agreeably surprised at the almost immediate relief afforded by the use of 'Brown's BroDohial Troches.' These famous 'lozenges' are now Bold', by.mpat, respectable ohecnists in this countty Ut in I4d per box. People troubled with a 'backjug cough,' i ' Blight cold,' or bronuhio.1 uffeo tiouB, ciuiiot try them too aouu, aa Bimilaf troubles, if allowed to progreue, result Mq aorious I'ulmuuiiiy and Asthmatic affoutioua Sou that tho v. ouia ' Bro-vn'a Bronchial Troches' aro on the Government Stamp bround each box. — Prepared by John I Brown & Sons, Boston, U.S. European depot 33, Farrbgdon Road, London, 