Jillen Andy. By O’Donovan Eossa. [When O’Donovan Rossa was in prison in England (says the Boston Pilot) he wrote the powerful and deeply pathetic poem of “ Jillen Andy,” a study from Irish life which he who reads can never forget. In his “ Prison Life,” Rossa says : “Jillen Andy lived at the other side of the street in Rosscarherry when I was a child. Her husband, Andy Hayes, was a linen weaver and worked for my father ere I was born. He died, too, before 1 came into the world, but when I did come I think I formed the acquaintance of Jillen as soon as I did that of my mother. Jillen was left a widow with four helpless children, and all the neighbours were kind to her. The eldest of the sons ’listed, and the first sight 1 got of a red coat was when he came home on furlough. The three other sons were Charley, Thade, and Andy. Charley died in ’65. Andy ’listed, and died in Bombay, and Thade and his mother fell victims to the famine of ’47. Thade met me one day, and spoke to me as I state in the following lines. I went to the graveyard with him. I dug, and he shovelled up the earth till the grave was about two feet deep. Then he talked about its being deep enough, that there would be too great load on her, and that he could stay up and ‘ watch’ her for some time. By-and-by we saw four or five men coming in the church-gate with a door on their shoulders bearing the coffinless Jillen. She was laid in the grave. Her head did not rest firmly on the stone on which it was pillowed and as it would turn aside and rest on the cheek when I took my hands away from it, one of the men asked me to hand him the stone. I did so, and covering it with a red spotted handkerchief he took out of his pocket, he gave it to me again, and I settled Jillen’s head steadily on it. Then I was told to loose the strings, to take out a pin that appeared, to lay her apron over her face, and come up. To this day I can see how softly the man handled the shovel, how quietly he laid the earth down at her feet, how the heap kept rolling and creeping up until it covered her head, and how the big men pulled their hats over their eyes.”] Jillen Andy. “ Come to the graveyard if you’re not afraid, I’m going to dig my mother’s grave, she’s dead, And I want some one that will bring the spade. For Andy’s out of home, and Charlie’s sick in bed. ” Thade Andy was a simple-spoken fool, With whom in early days I loved to stroll, He’d often take me on his back to school, And make the master laugh himself, he was so droll. In songs and ballads he took great delight, And prophecies of Ireland yet being freed, And singing them by our fireside at night, I learned songs from Thade before I learned to read. And I have still “ by heart ” his “ Colleen Flmne,” His Croppy Boy,” his “ Phoenix of the Hall,” And I could “ rise” his “ Rising of the Moon,” If 1 could sing in prison cell—or sing at all. He’d walk (he “eeriest” place a moonlight night, He’d whistle in the dark—even in bed. In fairy fort or graveyard, Thade was quite As fearless of a ghost as any ghost of Thade. Now in the dark churchyard we work away, The shovel in his hand, in mine the spade, And seeing Thade cry I cried myself that day, For Thade was fond of me and I was fond of Thade. But after twenty years why now will such A bubbling spring up to my eyelids start? Ah ! there be tilings that ask not leave to touch The fountains of the eyes or feelings of the heart. ‘•Tin's load of clay will break her bones, I fear, For when alive she wasn’t over strong. We’ll dig no deeper, I can watch her here, A month or so, sure nobody will do me wrong.” Four men bear Jillen on a door—’Lis light, They have not much of Jillen but her frame. No mourners come, for ’tis believed the sight Of any death or sickness now begets the same. And those brave hearts that volunteer to touch Blague stricken death are tender as they’re brave, They raise poor Jillen from her tainted couch, And shade their swimming eyes while laying her in the grave. I stand within that grave, nor wide nor deep, The slender, wasted body at my feet, What wonder is it if strong men will weep O’er famine-stricken Jillen in her winding sheet? Her head I try to pillow on a stone, But it will hang one side, as if the breath Of famine gaunt into the corpse had blown, And blighted in the nerves the rigid strength. “Hand me that stone, child.” In his hands ’tis placed ; Down-channelling his cheeks are tears like rain, The stone within his handerchief is cased, And then I pillow on it Jillen’s head again, “ Untie the nightcap string,” “ Unloose that lace,” “Take out that pin,” “There, now, she’s nicely—rise, But lay the apron first across her face, So that the earth won’t touch her lips or blind her eyes.” Don’t grasp the shovel too tightly—there make a heap, Steal down each shovelful quietly—there, let it creep Over her poor body lightly ; friend, do not weep, Tears would disturb old Jillen in her last long sleep. And Thade was faithful to his watch and ward: Where’er he’d spend the day, at night he’d haste With his few sods of turf to that churchyard, Where he was laid himself before the month was past. Then Andy died a soldering in Bombay, And Charlie died in Ross the other day, Now, no one lives to blush because I say That Jillen Andy went uncoffined to the clay. E’en all are gone that buried Jillen, save One banished man who dead alive remains, The little boy that stood within the grave Stands for his country’s cause in England’s prison chains. How oft in dreams that burial scene appears, Through death, eviction, prison, exile, home, Through all the suns and moons of twenty years— And oh ! how short these years compared with years to come. Some things are strongly on the mind impressed, And others faintly imaged there, it seems ; And this is why, when reason sinks to rest, Phases of life do show and shadow forth in dreams. And this is why in dreams I see the face Or Jillen Andy looking in my own, The poet-hearted man—the pillowcase, The spotted handkerchief that softened the hard stone. Welcome those memories of scenes of youth, That nursed my hate of tyranny and wrong, That helmed my manhood in the path of truth, And help me now to suffer calmly and be strong. 