A Walking and Talking Ghost. |i New Haven, Conn., March 2,1886.-Killingworth ' is a staid old town now in possession of a story of a haunted house, which many of the inhabitants be liere to be strictly true. About a mile and a half ' north of the Congregational Church, on a byroad that rons parallel with the main street stan dB a dilapidated house which has for some timo been uninhabited on account of ghostly stories that have been told of tho old structure. Apparitions have Leon Been and unearthly noises heard by various persons, and the statements are made with an earnestness that will brook no contradiction. Wear the oloso of the eighteenth century a hor- rible tragedy was committed in the old dwolling. It was then occupied by Horace Higgings, his wife, and three children. Mrs. Higgins was said to be a perfect Xantippe and led her husband an unpleasant life. Ho was a man of quiet and retiring disposition, and bore the abuse of his better or worse half with equanimity. Finally this meek and quiet man lost his temper one day and slapped her face. The wife» wild with rage, took a sharp case knife from tho pantry, and cut the throats of her three little children, and it was only by great effort that Higgins could xjrevent her from cutting her own throat. The three little victims wore buried in the church graveyard: anyone so disposed can see the little graves. The remarkable feature connected with them is, that while all the others are grassy mounds, these three are and always have been barron as the Desert of Sahara. Many old people in Killingworth entertain the belief that grass will not grow on the grave of a murdered person ; and should any ono allege that this might be due to the sterility of the soil of that particular spot these people would set him down as a scoffer at divine and sacred things. Mrs. Higgins was placed on trial. Insanity was interposed as a defence, and she was n.cnnif.t-nd on ,. -~, "«.v» »..v. .,u«a UVIJUIUMJU Uli that ground and delivered into the custody »f her husband. He confined her in a room in the old House, the windows of which overlooked the graveB -of her little victims. For hours she would st md at a window and look at the spiro of the old church which, like many others in New England townB, Las a dial with motionless hands, because there is no clock. " When those hands come together at j twelve, then will my sins be pardoned," she would repeatedly say. I The house stands on a hill from which, far to the I south, a magnificent view of Long Island Sound j oan bo obtained. Last summer a Boston gentle- J ?man named Ray had occasion to pass through the j quaint old country villago, and ho was so struck with the beauty of the surroundings that he pur- chased the house and last fall brought his family there. Some of the Killingworth people endea- voured to tell him of the ghostly traditions which hovered over the spot, but ho laughed at their fears and expressed an intention to take his chances with the ghostly occupants. They thought him an uncommonly brave man and left him in peace. On the very first night of his sojourn his two , servant girls, who had como with the family, were given the room in which the unfortunate Mrs. Higgins had ended her days. They retired early, after a hard day's toil removing and arranging Mr. Bay's household goods. During the night Mr. Ray heard frightful screams coming from the ser- vant girls' room. He hastily dressed himBelf, and going up to investigate the matter found them, both pale with fright, cowering under the bed- clothes. He asked them what the matter was, and they told him that they had seen a woman walk slowly across tho room and station herself at the window. They spoke to her, but sho did not answer, and then the terrified girls lay and watched her. As the little clock on the mantel told the hour of twelve the figure mournfully shook its head and glided from the room. Mr. Ray laughed at their story, but they could not be prevailed upon to remain in the room, and they spent tho remainder of the night on a lounge in the parlour. In the morning they engaged a farmer to take them to Madison depot, and they returned to Boston, having had enough of Kil lingworth's ghost. Mr. Ray thought that it was only a passing fancy of the girls, so he and his wife determined to occupy the room on the second night, and Bee for themselves whether there was any truth in their eiwniifn1 "4-"<."-i- mi .... swrvunis statements. They retired early, and were soon asleep. Suddenly Mr. Ray was awakened, and looking toward the window saw tho awful ap- parition which had frightenod tho poor servant girls away from their situation. It had the ap- pearance of a commonly dressed woman, whose «yes appeared to bo fixed on the churchyard dis- tinctly visible in the bright moonlight. Hardly certain whether he was dreaming or waking, ho shook his wife by the shoulder, and asked her to look toward the window. She did so, and saw the ghostly visitant which had startled her husband and the girls. They both gazed at the figure spell- bound, and both heard the wraith say, " When the pointers come together my sins will be pardoned." Then it glided away into nothingness. Night after night they slept in that room, and each night was the spectral drama played for their edification, until Mrs. Ray's nerves could not hear the tension, and she prevailed upon her husband to leave Killingworth and move back to Boston, 