COBB'S CAMP. AuguBt 4th, 1886. We are not a very stirring lot about here, as a rule, just jogging along on the even tenor of our way. But it might be as well to inform you that we have established a debating class here." We had our first regular meeting last Wednesday night, when everybody present seemed to take great interest in the proceedings. Our first subject debated was, " Is farming a profitable occupation in our district ? The matter was thoroughly thrashed out, being very ably discussed, and it was proved beyond a doubt that" farming is a profitable industry, and will be far more so when we get the railway for our produce and better roads to travel on. The class can boast of having twenty members already. It is raining this morning, and our roads are in such a fearful state that it is a miracle how the coaches manage to di.ig along at all and keep such good time. We have not set eyes on any of our board members or even the ghost of a road party for more than six months. GAZETTE NOTICES.—The Government Gazette of Saturday, 7th inst., proclaims asa public road, land resumed from selection 3148 (Alexander Brown) parish of Mooloolnh. Presents a copy of the rules and regulations of the Woodford Cemetery as offically approved. WESLEYANS.—For service to-morrow, Nundah, Rev. Nolan, and Mr. Hawkins. North and South Pine, !'ev. Fletcher. Bald Hills, Mr. M'Kechnie, Downfall Creek, Messrs. Cavanagh and .Barlow, Sandgate, Rev.-Nolan and Mr. Sumner. FOOTBALL CHATTER. —The local club played a match with First Wasps on Saturday last' at Sandgate, which resulted in a draw, each side scoring two points. Caldwell by a good run croBsea the Stinger's line, but was collarëâ before grounding the ball. The locals had a run of hard luck, their opponents having to save no less than four times. Bradbury dribbled prettily. Hutton, who played full back for the Wasps, was often obliged to relieve, which he did by a number of splendid drop-kicks. It was from one of these that Pearson was enabled to score a try for his club, which, hoWever, failed. In the second half the local team showed more spirit, their passing was especially good, showing a marked improvement on last Saturday's play. From a kick out of bounds Collins obtained possession of the leather and crossed the visitors' line, but was collared before grounding the ball. A maul in goal occurred, from which Sandgate was successful in scoring a try, from which, however, they failed to score. To-day the Sandgates play the First Fortitudes, and on Exhibition Day the team will pay a visit to Ipswich'to try conclusions with the Ipswich Rangers. THE COMING Snow.—Amongst the many exhibits to be seen at the Show next week, there are two articles sent by Messrs. Bownlee and Dent, blacksmiths and wheelwrights of Caboolture, well worthy of notice ana to which we wish to call the attention of visitors ; first, because they are of local manufacture, and secondly, they are new ideas and well worthy of close inspection by practical farmers. The first article is a spring tip-dray, with a patent spring. This is a novelty in the colony, having no Tatches to keep it fast, and so easily worked that a lad of ten years old can use it. Another advantage it possesses is, that nothing can remain in the dray once it is tipped, as the boards on tbe bottom run length-ways and are level with the cross-pieces. The material is all colonial, the wheels being iron-bark, and the body, spotted gum and pine, and the whole dray is ooth light and strong. The firm are prepared to supply these drays at 15 per cent less than Brisbane prices, which is another reason for buyers patronising local industry. Another article is a single-horse scarifier, very light, yet strong. This also is a novelty. The arms which hold the teeth are of solid iron, being all welded on to the beam. In the old style, the arms are gene rally boltedon to a frame ; these, in course time, become loose, causing delay and extra expense. In this implement each foot has a box fitting on to a square arm, thus rendering it impossible to shift ; whilst by unscewing a small set-bolt, the teeth can be set to any guage. Even the teeth are not of the common sort but are made like a hoe, light and ebarp, so that no weed can be missed. Another advantage is to be found in the front wheel, which is so made that it is bound to follow the horse whichever way he turns, thus doin^ away with all chance of 'upsetting or damage." A bind wheel is also added, which being set to the same guage as the front one, entails the certainty of the scarifier always going an equal depth. This article is Mr. Brownlees invention and reflects great credit on his workman-like powers. '..•'" 