THE MYSTERY S LVtiU —fARADISE RKGAINED. fTO THE EDITOR OF THE RIVERINE IIEltALD.l I Siu, - It was with fcolings of horror and dismay that I discovered this morning that you had.ii " Demon" for a correspondent I have hoard of a man being possessed of devils, but X cannot remember hearing t f a devil writing to a newspaper. I theroforo canto to the conclusion that tho letter which appears.in your, paper was not written by a demon, but by some man who is possessed •of a demon. Will your correspondent there fore, who is possessed oblige by giving his true name in full, so that tho publio may be warned,'and givo the evil spirit a wide berth, as most people havo or ought to; havo an aversion to ghosts, hobgoblings, dovils and tho like. Your correspondent, if ho is not a Demon, ought to bo ashamed o£ himself for suggesting such a thing ob "Revengo in con scquence of defeat," and I can scarcely be-' liovo thoro is one man in Echnca, unless ho be possessed of a duvil, that would wish to see tho principal tradesmen, tho municipal fathers, tho property holders, and tho churches, etc., crushed out of existence as ho suggests. I am, however, of opinion that unfortunately there has been too much of this spirit manifostcd in tho past by aoutle inen occupying high positions in this town who havo been ungrateful to their follow townsmen, through whoso trade and support thoy liiivo boon enabled to . build their houses, [>ull togothoL' their '-.business, and make for themselves a name in thu Borough Council and othor positions of trust. I am of opinion tlmt had thoy oxorcisod a more conciliatory spirit towards those >vho differed with thorn, in public inattors, and sought to work togethor for tho good of tho town in a less ovorbeariiig and tyrannical manner with ; their lass favored brethren, mid lmd tlioy. not been so oxclusivo and grasping for office and S'i jealous of any ontorpriso undertaken for tho good of tho town by persons not belong ing to their clique,1 X say had they acted in this spirit, not only would thpso gontlomon bo moro popular than thoy are, but tho town itself would lie moro prosperous, and instoad of your correspondent mournfully writing about •' Paradise Lost," it would bo a matter for congratulation that'Paradise was regained and instead of "Demons" bolching out in fernal nialcdicjioua and revenge, peace, prosperity, and goodwill to all would from day to day bo recorded in your columns. In hopo that this delightful stato of things may soon bo roaliscd in iSchuca. 1 subscribe mv I self. -Yours, truly; CALEB VINES. Ecliuca, 15th April. 