DOLLY VANSITTERT'S OTHER LOVER. A GHOST STORYf. BY JULTAN I?AWTIORNII E. CUrPTIrn XL. This sceno had boeen so passing strange that, for my part, I was bo yond fccling any ordinary emo tion of surprise. It resembled no experience I had had before, and I was therefore unable .to compare it with any, and so put it in relation with my philosophy of things. Moorfield and I accompanied Mr. Shonstono to his house almost in silence. Hoe took us into a kind of laboratory at the backl of his bod room, and there, as he busied himself with a small furnaco and some crucibles, be diszoursed to us as fol lows : "It was a dangerous exoeriment, but it was worth the sisk. The situa tion turns out to be somewlhat as I had anticipated. This Choesundor is never mind whlat! There is no Eng lish word for it. IHo is no more to be caught or killed than a puff of smoke. If you were to follow him to Ihis room in that hotel, you would find nothing. And yet his power over Dolly is as nearly irrosistible as it is at all convenient it should be. We are contending against about the strongest power for mischief in this world? "I never before had such a time in bringiig her to," remarked Moorfield. "I dare say not. It was a question for a moment whether she over came to at all. Those follows would rather have had her without her body than lose her altogether. But wo'll boat them yet!" added the old gentleman, nodding his great head. "I am very much encouraged by the powerful control you have over her, my boy, It is as I said-love is the only safe weapon against necromancy. Re: member that." "As far as that goes," said Moor~ field, "I'm not afraid." "After all, we didn't find out whoed the plot is to come off," I said. " o know they are to ,take the Southelrn route, and we know that we may have to act at any moment-two good things to know," Mr. Bheniteine rejoined. "Their original idea was, evidently, hi have her disappear next month-probably about the date I had calculated. But they discovored what we were about, and they will have to at promptly. We must be on our guar from this night on. There is a train startsforthe South every eveninm. We must be on the watch for it. If she once gives us the slip, we may have a long chase for it." "IHullo, you've got the medal !'" exclaimed Moorfieold. "Yes; see what hard times bringB us to-!" said the venerable clergyman. " "Here am I, at my age, practising " robbory and alchemy !" And with this he dropped the medal and the c: chain into the crucible. " Whatis that for ?" I inquired. "For a good and, I hope, young Sgdntleman. You will see. I'm a bit of a goldamith, among my other . ---?1r;,il,,,o, And now, while tonoinerp a kind of ru'ut n after so tonouslyr; a kind of reaction af.ter so miuch ocitement and mystery. Mr. Shenstone left us with a bottle of claret between us, and returned to his laboratory, saying he would he back presently. Ho had boon gone perhaps half an hour, when there was a lotid ring at the door-bell. Ina fow momonts the servanth entered, saying that Mrs. Trafalgar was below,, and wished to see Mr. Shenstono immediately. Moorfleld and I exclhanged a glance. We did not nood to say anything. We* knew what had happened. Moorfield went to receive Mrs. Tra falgar, wvhilo I sprang upstairs for Mr. Shonstono. I met him coming out of *his laboratory with a small packet in his hand. *'She has gone!". le said, the moment he saw me. 'I'm afraid so," I replied. " Mrs. Trafalgar is downstairs." "We have an hour to catch the train," said he. "Mrs. Trafalgar must go with ns. We can do .it. Tell her it's all right, and that I'll he down directly." Mrs. Trafalgar was in an almost frantic state. Dolly had disappeared about two hours after we had left. She had gone, as Mrs. Trafalgar sup posed, to dress for dinner, and had never been seen afterward. One of tihe servaste affirmed that she had heard a man's voice in the boudoir, but everyone was positive that no person, male or female, had entered the house after our departure. Nor could any one surmise when she had left her room. or how she managed to pass the outside door unseen. All was conjecture and bewildermont. In . the midst of Mrs. Trafalgar's incohe rent narrative. Mr. Shenstono cnaom min, ready equipped for a journey. "Don'tlose heart, my good lady," he said, briskly. "Your niece is a little off her head, and has wandered away, that's all. Fortunately, we know that she has gone to Phila dolphia, and there ii yet time to catch h]er at the train. You will comeo with us, so as to make all decent and com fortable for her. Button up your cloak and come along. Aroe you ready, boys? We'll take the elevated to Courtland-street, and then iAcross the ferry. Coma along !" And we fol lowe, him into the frosty air. It iadbeenfreezinghard for several Sdays, and when we got to the ferry we found the river full of ice. The boat had not proceeded far from her dock lioefore it became evident that she mqst be seriously delayed on her pnassagbt t the other side. Masscs of co many yards in extont blocked her uwayand geat cakes were caught up by tlhe paddowheels and dashed heavily againsththo boxes. We where 15 miinutes behind time when we landed at Jersey City, and the Philadelphia train had started nearly that time .before. Mr. Shenstone left us in the waiting-room, and went off to interricmw the officials. lIe was back in five minutes. "She is on that train," he said. "She was with a gentleman, and they bought tickets ozly for Philadelphia. They evidently meanl o throw us off the scent thero if they c~.n. But we shall be too many for thfam ; Mrs. Trafalgar. Luckily there was an pgaine just in with steaz m up, and ig I three minutfes we shall be on our way after tl\em in a special car." Tho encrgy' and resources of this old' gentrleman made us young follows seem feeble in. comparison. So we sot out on our lonoly race in pursuit of the Ilying train. It was a fast train, and, it had a good twenty miles the start of us; but it was to stop at Newark and Trenton, and we were to run sixty miles an hour. We ihad occupation enough in endcavour ing to distract Mrs. Trafalgar's mind (which was distracted enough already, Heaven knows) and in devising on couraging explanations of what had occurred. But Moorfiold and I wero as ignorant as she was of what Mr. Shenstone intended to do when we got to Philadelphia, and he declined to volunteer any information on that point. i wmilnotIventure to state tnuhe exact ime it took us to make the distance betwcen Jersey City and Philadelphia. It was fast enough, at any rate, for we arrived at the same moment as the regular train, and running upon a parallel track, were on the platform before the passengers had.alighted. Wo scrutinized them as if each one were a bag of diamonds. But no Dolly appeared. Could we have been deceived as to her presence on the train ? Suddenly Moorfiold sprang for ward with an exclamation. I could see only a thicksot woman in a heavy cloak, with a hood drawn over her! head, and a brown veil. But he had' recognised Dolly under that disguise. She seemed to me at the moment to be ileaning on the arm of a tall man in a dark overcoat; but several per sons got between me and them, and when I came up Dolly had no visible companion except Moorfield. She did not seem to know him or any of us, brit, contrary to. my expectation, she made no attempt to escape. She moved in a mechanical way as she was led, and with no volition of her own, one way or the other. We took her into a cab and drove "to a hotel. On the way she spoke several times as if iiiconvorsationwith some one, but whoever her interlocu tor was, he did not belong to our party; nor was the lInguagain which she sJpok intelligible .to any of us: Neither did I overhear any remarks from the other party to the; dialogue; At the hotel we engaged a suite of three rooms and a sitting-rooin. Whei we wore assembled in the latter placoe Dolly was seated in a chair, and Mr. Shenstone took off ;his hat and pro duced a book from his pocket; it was a Church Service.' He also took out a small object rolled up in white paper, which I remembered having . seen in his hand as ho came out of his laboratory that eveinrg. ! "Moofield Sareoy," said he, with a deoep solemnity of manner, "I an! now about to unito you to Dorothld Vansittert in the holy bonds of matri1 mony. You will understand, I think, the reasons whiclh prompt me to sucli Sstdpatsuchatime. Ineednotsaythlat I act under the imost profound sense of my responsibilitybefore God andman And I warn you all beforehand tlhaj; the ceremony may nit be consumL our trust in the iiflunite power "an mercy of our Lord, and fear nioth . mqYith this . exordiim he began read the service. Dolly and Mooi field stood before him. There was vacant look in Dolly's face, and- she evidently was present only in thb body ;her mind was elsewhere. But all Moorfiold's love anid aixi6ty were written on' his features.. He pro nounced the. "I will" in a loud and vibrating tone, holding Dolly's han?l in his, and looking steadfastly in hdr face. But whlon it came to lioher turn, she only shuddered, and was silent. Noeverthelless, Mr. Shenstono--prd ceeded; and when the moment ca?so to put on the ring, he put in? Moor fiold's hand the little white packet. It containcd a roughly fashioned plailu gold ,ring-thb same gold that had formed the substance of. the mys terious'medal. Then onsued an appalling scodne, which I shall never forget.. When Moorfield attempted to put this ring on Dolly's finger, she 'seemed to bc como suddenly possessed with a demon. She snatched her hand from him, and glared at him with insanity in her eyes. When hle agan ap proached her, sheo uttered a wild scream, and snatching from the folds of her dress a knife thatwas concealed there, she leaped towards him, and aimed a blow at. his hoart. Fortu nately I saw the movement in time, and was able to snatch her wrist and avert the catastrophe. But I will pot prolong this scene. Suffico it thlat at last Modrfield, watching his, opposh'tnity, was able to slip the ring on her finger. And then, throwing Up her arms, and with a treinor that seemined like the ?parting of soul and body, the pbor girl sank down lifeless on the floor; and I had a fancy that the room was full of threatoning and terribleo shalpos, and tlhe air was heavy with angry mutterings and a ramulin-g as of distant thunder. And .there in the midst, stood old Mr. Shonstpne~ with his white mane of hair, erect and undaunted, and ivith:;tho light-of vic tory on his vonorablo countonance. \--Dolly recovered. . But. she navor remembered how she was' marriod; so they married again. This affair was prohbably the origin of' the report that she and Moorfiold elopod. ! PuTkeridgo accounts for the pheno mneni on.a theory of his own about hypnotism. But Wallio Diusnsore smiles, and twists his moustache, and doesn't believe a word of it. As for the Pour-spot Club,; whon Mr. and Mrs. Sarcoy went to Fldrida, it ceased to exist.-ITarpclr's fteo/k'ly. 