A O f hGOIST STORY. At the close of the Med.icil tSeSi6dI last summer, I Mrd my-colld;e friend Tom Ravyner received a t 'rnVtation to sjend a month w.ith an uncle of mine in Breeo~shire. This hos ~ftblI t 6fw?was promptly accepted by Tom and myself, for the hard rwork of the previous four months had bguim =.I teo i t upit us. fd a.few .weeks::idieness in the heiart of the couptry was what ie had long desired. .I had not been inside my' uncle's house for upwards 0of "teil' yeais, so that I looked for ward with satisfaction to this visit Frieend Tom, :too,.spoke of it With ardour, for he had a vivid recollection of a singularly. ine pair of dark eyes, the artillery of which h!?d played upon hint to no little purpose, some six or seven months before. The sai da k eyes, be it remarked," belonged t' a certain little cousin of mine, who had ac.,ni,:'i,: I mny.uncle, Mr Rues, ol his last visit to town.{ The Saturday following the 41o0'day, then,.: oniwahich-.W e had heard.frorn my .uele, found us and: our belongings on the platform at Euston-square. The nine o'clock express bore ug rapidly towards Offa's Dyke, .and by fiye the sacme, everng .w.weero saf:ly hioued. i underneath'~ Rees hospitable roof. My uacle, was. a:- gentematn-fatrmer, and livedn.ma retired-part of -th cbuiintry, ibuj~ there was no lack of amuseuents iffi 'he I shape. fithi-titi Ike , s^an alti `T found the time by no means MT at lifI upon my hainds. As for To eclar : the hours =+ iina r 1bjf'fi04 iu.. l+ doubtr theyediid .dnodoi"3iin .t `- ' -a a i _Mi unplaEe . hospithe-to a degtad treated us thr urhout witth. «e9r?e? ,', rness, t rn< e pec,_ unf matky,, he_' and Tom atfitmy il diid no agree. _ This-was-in-- efereue to the hours i ofr mt e was a perfect m it, and h everyone in his house, aiad 'nd,-,' guests alike, was expected to rigidly coinply pvith the rules and regulations in force. ' Brea- fast at seven, pe t lf-i ~mt eight, and all lights ount?eniLyereoi o he stron.gly insisted upon and with regard tq whirb' he would not budge ntrcri" c~ . . Now. Tom aud-i f.iciddthi m tp'ne?i for breakfast at4ee eia'di~eh'nlt ta5sk k-nough in all conscience, but still'.Ae 'did mn; nage somehow or another, to achieve .that - but going to bed at a quarte to ten-thiswas a rule we found it utterl .-Oat ot obi- pwer to abide by. 'W luakilyogeanpied a double-bedded room, so ;?h wicoldon gbssp'iaw;ay an hour or two of the time; but conversatiou, when carried on in bdl and indetehidrk';iwnt I1of a lively character, so, aftfe':i Il f' , e got heartily tired of this. 2 . - At last, wh' . hIad e &}.tItre a week, we held a cosutation aid the4es?eit w4 that I proceeded one evening tp a aihnbor ing village, and th fIi nTAsl i "?wo bandlre sticks, a pound of compositei abeo of matches and two bottles of brandy. T es were smuggled into the house and upto our bedr*Qoor'thirsamieii ý , ný thehceforward as Tonm remarked, t t'?t' e1' at area son rambbt1e. ,Diýjecly 1,the ;uaath ritative bang of My ide'8room door was heard, we unl :ed 9.o~yprJbaudy .id -by th-e help ':f cigars, chit chat, and reading, enjoyed our selves hugely rntil 7alf- . iel've or one, when we usu'Xly retired to rest. Having thus raznoved thu qaly bar to the. pleasure or our visit, we cerstanly had- a veipjbl timne 6. it'; rand the ,sole source of regret w, t laLowing ;to home engagemnents, we coul~fno poss~ly prolong oursttay. It was shortly bef?ore,., our de-arturethat the ad~ehiiirie'? ccrred w~i~ch f am about to rel-ate. .... We were asseablhIdiodld iv6inrouji d the supper table': ndd tho?onoei-rion tr~Icr on ghosts. "' : , occasion,; and, many- were thde,weir&'.iahries! de ec* , • . ... .. : - ,. s vas - : , tious but iyrt iiut dY'faTk-e yed cousip Polly .ere' d?vbtr-elheVersi e- sue-ad natupdi,,,an~ rave·n ot? t~ b e i lau.e ou? '7 a !;tr-? fi u? n : contemptu ously; ?what.nonsense you people are talk ing iJt'rubish, I tell you ?':....!. . . "<Rjbbish, indeed l'Lejacahkt iny/'i xif 'd with a defiant toss af her head.: ' HP,- can you say.such i i., h'.lw:henT youi ?kidw thel Whit floube hiere has been unquestionably haunted for yeamt,pastV : *. - : -",' "The White House .' I aske., g' Where is that ??' " Wh;inige three storied house, a little d~stance up the main road," replied my aunt. .;I This was the oldcioach road. It ran past the front of my unVerhJous.e at a distance: of about two hundred yards and was reaqhed by means ~d.jpilyte ~a age drin , : ' Do you mean," I: continued, " the first house you come to on thie rigtl urd, tuani? into the ? road and going iltdieiti of Brom ? I- ... -- . y - "No, no," answered my aunt;.' we call thaltt dowp-i ie road. That's'a large white three-storied house, too; bu ir. Ervans lives there. The and I mean lies ii thc op posite dirctiou, You walk dowin' thi carria,,, drive in fim fhh? and turn to the right and not til h:ft. Its the first house on the right hand-d&'." . -. . . "And sE~rially, reported to be haunted ' "C ertaiSngy gt " repjisc wy.uneT;.lmGht, hkg of the serfi! A ick o~lt wnmens -tals ! It lansbeen efuipty "ott?.? 5idw.e an whole string of suoiesl? i io ?,set.,:,oata coacer ing it-tla.?i . 1- . you traktaI .'t-%?Kll llt:i4t',ll...L?[JV '"'d [*lai awful noises are ImLdeiedifiight, no oi,, has "en t: ;~,lAdqi t' i?.Si ; re Jlitkion: Yb" its sctcly th, ..'.ree .incths -c th]i Swansea solicitor and hi fanmily--id..t T:? ie antey only stopped one night :Such feariul thi;: stook place, and they wentJ away first thing next morning !"' Other d tils..were iurniishedlcn&o; nin'g the ieupty house by my aunt and oiosimbuti my uncle pooh poohed the whole affair, afrri-r ing the mysterious noises were to be attribi ted to no ghostly, visitor, but to the doings of the natives of-the district-to some one, perhaps who had good reasons for wishing the honse to :oatiue empty. But the ladie wouk1 i.i admit this great solutioa ofhJe di?ficulty, ?ad an animaI ted disqpssion was only piit an .ie.d-.to- by Mr Rem given t~e sigal for reltig, fc the night..old fel.o---. : -T t soon as re reached s ' think o the ghost'bus SW ," I? aiwereý; }lA kno- iitt to say ; presume my uncle is right, ,and srunie praciicalr joker imust ha.ie been at wprk. , ". Perhaps s.,' 1aS dlTom ; " but I tell you wlat I have got to suggest, and thist 4s this -Suppose you and I sift the matter'for our selves, by passing a night in the hous6? " " Well," said-I, laughing, "I've no objec tion; When shall we go.' s . Why, this very night, to be sure," cried. 'Tom'.; "w we buii't select a better *no :one can ro sibly know'of our visit, so' there .\vill be small chance of any trickery occurring." 'But ' I remonstrated' - "Bit ~ni no luts!;'" cried Tomimpatiently.i "We can do it easily,- I tell .you; We'll take cigars, hrandy and candles with us, " and arin ours,'lves with our .wlking sticks,.which I see lukily in the corner there. We can i dropfromthe windlow into the garden without any trouble, and return just' as easily, by meaqis'of !dlder in the tool house. No one is about ihs part of the- housu" (our bedroom twino ow, I should say, looked into the back garden) "early-in the morning, so that we can slip unobser ved in. This will be an excellent plan, for if we. get scared out of our . senses, 'nonei will- be.y wiser. Come along'! " ?And beforet knew well where I was, we had- dropped from the low window ou to the garen turf, a if ere groping our way round :to -the front of the house. "" Blut, Tomn," I said, as we reached the: top of the drive. " flow shall we find ouri-jr ' va 'Its" as dark as pitch i Besides hlow can we 'et 'ni2 the hoduse T' " Oh we'll find -our way right enough," he' replieie , raard >to' getting.?iihi;J .i4 b ýthI~Bt i o9tle 4tay there,.. yere io shutters up, so I oiru easily fore" Eadl' the catch of a window -wivi my- knife. Take care, man, or you'll be iri th~tdi?tch !:' : His caution caie too late?;fr, ti pping out ol:dly, a; ..th thciti.htn the rigl direction, I tinlAled eadI ong!rin the dých at the side of the road. ' . -: Fortuziaitlf? tlere ;vial fn *.{aer in it, so, with thet exception -of?a -slighitshaking, I :sUstaitied no:damage by the tumble. ;We now- walked arm-in arm, and getting a little iore accustoued to the darkness, we SWe had not gone very far, though, before we marched-hito a pond. '- - I "Confouhd it !" criefTom,-as'we-hastily' u'gwained tera firma. ' How stupid of us not Ito havel redollocted this' pond! Its'about twmnty ayaids from the turnpike, you know ! teaqdy, steady.: keep to the left, or we shall be in t agaia,. ,Conme along i" . OQn w ~eie'e accordingly, but, just as we e eredI hee min road, we stumbied over a heap e tacidaiilse?LatLines,$ n d meas.ured oulirx ireet'e Ifgtlhs on the ground. Up we gpt, braield,- gn'owling, and savage ; but no io es' luekily being broken, we turned to the ri"Iit andl resuine.u~oap .- ....F We now made fauiious headway, as.~ Tom kept a goodqcpourse by Etouching -th, right hand edy~ tlhuhiastick,,as wew;lkedaloug, -. I t w a s f o r t u n a t e .t h a t . .h e ~ id t h i s , f o r ; a J we could not.see:a foot .before us, wte-should otherwise have gon :right past the-liotse.', As it was, directly:tp d~o-ge.e sed, e were made a~ware that weo had r'eachcd pour jiestination. . : We renmemberd that the 'house stood close to the roaid, and that ther'e was Ino tr-luen in front of :it, So we gropedlurl asway till our sticks touched the fronit wall., Feeling about, we discovered a window, aud this Torn quieckly opeudd with his knife. iWe clarbered; i,. an I. str.uck:a inatch ;nd lighted a candle. ' :, .. The room i- which we fouud.iodurselves _vas a large, plainly-f unished lar-our ; and here we had a discussion as to where 1we should take up our.quarters for the night. JW.e came to the conclusion that:we could not "o better than select in room on the thir'd story,. so. we.diiealir way into the passage. -Tnd mod~etit lia stair. - i "I.sa y 'Tou,' I .saia,- as we -ascended, "this doesn't iook muclh like a hauntedl house. See howv highly polished the oak staircase is, and what a s'iug, cosy aspect the place has generally.V'. . " " . T t .. You rcmri'te' d Tom," thaht it was inhab'ite oj}v t1tree moulths ago," "Ah," I put xi; ',sp i.was. - But now we are oni the tirst landf'igu; let's sde what sort of ai room wehavel.ere.". .. So saying iopcned a d60- facing zue, and we wadie:od into what was apparently :the best bedri'm. It a?i handsouily fitted up ; but it struck dampaid cold as we entered, and had evidekidty not been occuped' " fr a long while. " " Without taking the trouble to explore the ftirst floor an!y further, we .mounted to the second. lHere the first -two l'roos we examined had been.used for the storiug of lunmber, to jndge by theu .?.ontents; tbu-n aiother facing ~the Sroad did boast of a little- furniture, and here we dutertnined to bivouiac. Propping up: a candl ib-tweei.' couple of old Iooks o: the mantle shelf, we proceeded Sto make oursulves comfortable. Tomi droppdd ilnto a rickety arm chair, and I threwv myself on a low trucklh-bed at the side of the room fu-;thest from the door. We then fighlted:our cigars, and placing the brandy- oottle within coiivenient reach, 'we deliberated as to wha\t we shculd'ido in the ,vent cf any.ghosly manifestu i-as king place. But ~for'the space of two hlours nothing whatever. occurred to .oarm us. - Then, just as the distant village clock stuCk tielve, we heard a souind." We c6ild ,ot make ': ut eXa',' -i al;t: Is .a??s, iut 'rit :a;rve!nthly p'to"ecO, from uhL iowver part of !b i', u,i?. ' . ir anduwith.-i?ena t ears., eageriv awaited a.:qecond edition of the noise. It was not repated ; buit soot, a door was slamrmed violently, and , somethinyg-it soundedilike a; tea-ttay-4 ell loudly, to the ground. I now stole to the door, and then nois lessly opening it, listened again attentively. But all was once more as silent as death. I closed the door, but had scarcely. take.n t stn q.3 b Qi.!t, i w;iWi a `oid roairlie soundc reached our ears. This also came from -the lower regions, and resembled more than anything else the blast of a iiii~ - "What cani it beT' observed Tom, looking rather pale, and taki .a tremendous swig at the brandy bottle.: - " I can't imaarin,",t repHei in a whisper, "unless it's Here we heard the- trumpet-like roar for tbeisecohd timme , " ii g?rety aQondg had sdarcely glided -4y, when a fresh, and more extraordinary noise gre ?sied is;, It'dif'ered from the. others in being con tinuous,: and 'awe speedily found .it' wag caused by.somebody- or something mounting the stairs. 'Twas no human footstep we heard, we felt assrred';. neither d(lid it: sound like the tread of any animal. What could it be ? :,-First, there was a draagini shuJhilng sound; then a shola.iing, then an er- shuffle, and then a baig agagin.. It catrie??earer and.nearer, till it veached,: ite frst landing.- -. " : Here Tom. whispered hoarsely in'my ear, i, "For goodness sake, shut the door, ?tud: let us see what we'd better do !" .., I complied ;.and Tom 'hurriedly retreating.! to the fireplace, reached up for his stick, which ivas on the mantel-shelf. In doing this he'knocked down the candle, which fell spluttering on the ground, and in a trice was out: :: . .. We were now in total darknes. An instantaneous and, ~ealous search for thee ucifers began, but they were nowhere to be tound.. : - All, the while the: mysterious sounds ap proached nearer anid nearer, : &iQon; the horrible visitant gained the second floor and came stumping and shuffling in the direction of our room. 'TlIm, stick in hand, retired to the:window; and I, grasping mine, stationed myself at the head of the truckle-bed. 'The handle was grasp. -. I catnot`describe my feelings at, he mom ent. ; . " The door was opened, and the ci-eature, whatecer it was, slowly and silently. made its way towards me. T *1 oUld 'stand it ni longer. I raised my,. Stic , and tairqdia tremendous out at the intruder. I issed tmy aim alto gether; but the force of the blow brought me into violent contact. withl a figure of unmis takable flesh and blood.' With l'a' ud erxcla, maition of dismay, the man-for so it wias fellprawlinug on theloor ; and in an instant I ws oii tp of hiain my hand on his throa and my knee on his chest. . ., -; "I have. got-your lordship !!' I roared. ' Hunt for the matches quick, Tom I have him safe !" " Tiev?.i" s?rea ineltl tie-i frikiiA' furious efforts to 'rais' hintself; "fire help r '. .. " Hold him tight !" shonted. Tom. "I've foudthe rmatcihesw ; :-•.- v But, before a igl;t could .? strulck, we heard loui voi?di i'the loWer, part of the house, and the ddu'nt b~f las heal footsteps hurrying. p th.stairs.; Toni hw liw ghtid' Th'e candle, but I hd barelyl time.9 ?,n4oP "'kat .?yf,,~olsxtte dress of a farm servant, ere half a dozen people :burf'Turidl?oaj ki into d? om.: - SI released my4'gris5ik nd· sp g to my feet. 's Why,i ,hat's all thik ?"dt handed a stout man, armed with a poker,:iwho led the way. ' Two strange gentlemen in- the house, and one of 'erm throttling John in his own bed room I Brandy, cigars, and candles! Why, what's it all mean, I say. I" .? I was commencing a few bliutndring apolo getical words of expl~nation, when Tom came to the rescue. "ExCuseme," sd he, in is most engag ing manner; "but, there .has evidently been an unfortunate mistake. We iwere under the impression.that this house was unoccupied." " Uaoccupied, exclainmed ,the stouI: man,. " Why.I4 and my family have :lived in ii for generations! Who.b6ild'"ia?e told' you such a nonseitsical tale as thiS- " A toeribldelight now flkshed aci;oss:my mind. "I .?.your pa.rdoun, said-; " bat this is called the White IHoase, isit not -?' :': " No; certainly not," wvas the reply. "The White House lies on the other side of the iway,:~bout a couple of huhdred yards up tbe g road. This is called Abern~it, and belongs to me, DaVid Evans.' .. I hnow understood the state of affiirs. On entering the main road from my uncle's drive, we must have (iarnl i?6o?thid 1Ckftind?ead of the right . The intense darkness oithe night, and our fall over the stoneheap, must have led us astray. ... " We hastnd ?it obe6 to bxplkiii nimatters f 'Mr Evans; andhe, fortunately, accepted our apologies in .a.most genial spirit. The abs·urd blunder we had conimnitted in takirii- ds place for the haunted house tickled.i hlfierisely, aid he wrould not hear of our leaving till we-had given himw.a detailed acoint of our aventiares. It apliared tlia'E.3i Evans and his family \--ser?r.uts and all-+-had that: night been to a concert in a neighboui¶ng towns They] had on1"y'rturned by thd 'list train, sr s'that' there--yrese-lo one in--the-houS whe .we~ entered "it:" iWe inu.t, first of all, have leard them moving' aboimt, and the remark able trtmpetlike sonad :was caused by Mr IEvans, who: did neither more nor less thanI 14udly hlow- his nose. The last mysterious noise wis the stamp ing up tol4 f ~.ooden-l~ gd Johu, who proceeded there-as he .inuarialy did-in the dark. We 'tok the ireciautioi :to barrow a 14ntern for our. holiiard' walk, and re gained oUa.trprm,.without okserva~tion, :by about two a.m. .:-The story of our escapade was soon noised abroad, and we had to sustain the brunt of ;trcompliwuent6y]iyj`:-f6r shine ''dur'l s '" .My uncle, who was.thjpMt unmerciful :~ ~ ~~~~~~~ .;';,h 2.i :. , al! , .. -_,: ,'_ *ticularly anxious for us to repeat "our vigil in the real haunted house, but we had had quite eniough for once of gho3t haunts, so declined acting upon his suggestion. But there is really something wrong about this White House, for, Tom heard' frour Lucy last week--he has epistles from her regularly Low-that some extraordinary. occurrences have lately taken place there. So perhaps, next summer when we run down again, we m go on another ghost hunt. If so. we will not fail to relate our experiences.: R. . V. O. 