flDbceIIaneou0+ The Measureless Deeps. I think sometimes that the silence itself has a soundless ghost, A stiilncss deeper than ocean, where gather the countless host OT shades that are shade's reflections, of glooms that are shades of gloom, , _ And echoes ef thoughts unfatbomed which never in words find room. There~afeThoughts which move atlmidniglif" too deep for a vision's reach ; - - There are waves deep down in silence, too strong for t he grasp of speech : And a mystic intuition in infinite depth of spp.ee Too far to impress reflections or shades on a mortal face. We know in the silent chambers the beats of a distant heart, ;.VQ have seen with an inner vision the curtains of silcnce part, And far in the shaded distance have read, as on matrie scroll, The words no sound could utter, addressed to an earnest sosL There are things so deep and gkcred they' flee the approach of sound, There are ideas pure and holy no natural hedgerows bound, And somewhere, well adjusted, unseen, unheard, intense, Are tbe truths which reach us only through a seventh mysterious sense. We hear not, speak not, feel not, yet we think, and trust, and know, While the viewless mystic currents sweep by in their endless flow, •Vhile above the mirrored crystal there flutter the ghdfitly wings, And a song too sweet for language its jubilant anthem brines. The grandest truth of the ages have entered the heart like this, The tynga we can never utter producing the greatest bliss ; Mysterious intuitions, - - ' swift shades of a shadow-thought, Have flooded the soul with sweetness in miracle wonders wrought. Wc know there are soul vibrations, a subtle and glorious bond, _ ^ Uniting the world material with a something so far beyond That it reaches us in soul waves, too delicate far for touch, That the brightest words are heavy and t burden them overmuch. So we learn its beautious wisdom. Its peaceful currents flow Too far for the reach of evil, too high for the touch of woe, Too deep for our words to fathom, too soft for the grasp of sound, In a place which God hath guarded With a silence most profound. Then welocme the mystic message, the peace beyond all compare, To® sweet to be grasped or measured, found but by a voiceless prayer; The sign of a higher ^presence, a rapture which may not cease Till it reach the great Nirvana and blend into endless peace. A symbol of something coming, revealing some time to be, The ripples of glory lapping the shore of an endless sea : The secret of life eternal, too grand for the bonds of speech, Conveying a soundless messa e to the waiting souls on the beach. So the soul receives its message, by a route we may not trace, From the deeps where fathomless silence broods ever in endless space ; Where the finite may not measure with its puny rule and rod The truths which the soul receiveth direct from the heart of God. J. EDGAB JONKS. 