GOLD IN AN OLD BOOT. Slid an old timer.- " I never saw a ghost but I once made a pretty good raise where I at first thought I had found a dead man. I was prospecting down in Amador county, California. One day I went up the creek about a mile, and seated myself on a rock to rest Across the stream on the opposite bank, were the remains of three or four cabins. Some of these had almost tumbled into the creek from the wearing away of the ground on that side. I observed that part of the fireplace of a near cabin had tumbled down the bank toward the creek, and that the foot of an old gum boot was sticking out of the dirt It seemed to project from beneath the stones forming the hearth of an old chimney. I thought it strange that any man should have laid his hearth over an old gum boot Then it occurred to me that some mail might have been murdered and buried under the hearth. " Crossing the creek to the old chimney, I found that the foot of the old boot projected from under a large flat stone that was stall in place. I lifted the stone, found that there was only one boot there, and no sign of a human skeleton nor bones of any kind. I kicked the old boot down the bank, and then took a pan of dirt and ashes out of the old fire-place as I had in several instances made pretty fair stakes in old hearths. For it is well-known that the early miners were often careless, and lost a good deal of fine gold in retorting it—burning out the quicksilver it contained in shovels. As I was passing down the bank I came to the old boot *nd gave it another kick, sending it almost into the creek. It landed leg down hill, and from the end poured a golden shower of nuggets and dust " In a moment I threw the dirt out of my pan and reversed the boot over it, when out tumbled two hrge'bncksktn bags filled with gold dost So .long had the treasure lain concealed under the hearth that the string with which the bags were tied were rotted, and one gave way under the kicks I had bestowed upon the old boot When all the gold was gathered up, I found that I had nearly 2,000doL" 