/OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. ' Monday. As the Hobart end of your corres pondent first secures tho pen, "it is'nataral that- he- should- talk of - the events happening beneath his eyes. This process of watching the first-pulse heat of a nation is not as exciting a one as yoa may suppose, and the scene and the situation is very different to that when the fathers of the great American Republic gathered to sign the Declaration of Independence, with brows knitted ana loins girded. Instead' of being driveD together by the dread pressure of fear, the colonies are uniting: in peace; in place of debating how powder can be manufactured and arms procured, we have had a discussion in the newspapers as to whether Mr Service in his opening address properly used the word " con cussed." Enthusiasm outside of the ranks of the delegates there is none — at least, none apparent ; scarcely anyone talks of federation or what it may lead to, and even the " Hobart Mercury," the leading journal there, devoted its space on Wednesday morning, first, to rebuking Mr Service for delivering bis Presidential address before the Governor had formally in'tiated the proceedings of tho Council, and secondly, to telling the members that they missed their chance of making a prominciamento to the world, in contracting the debate on the address ia reply to two hours, when it ought to have taken two days. It was a curious fact that, through a misunder standing between the representative?, Messrs Douglass and Dodds, the voice of Tasmania was on this occasion unheard. The point, however, has been raised that in future these Presidential . addresses may be to politic? what those of the presidents' of the Chambers of Commerce and Manufacturers are to finance, the rcTiew of the transactions of Australia for the year taking the place of, and being of a cognate character with, the annual deliverance of the President of the United States of America, This, like many other day-dreams, is, I fear, incapable of fulfilment, until all the colonies have realised that it is in their interest to come into the union and ' present a untied front. So far, as regards the Council, it is perfectly clear that it intends to set to work iu a conciliatory spirit. It will ho humble and prudent, avoiding all ques tions upon which there is n difference of opinion, coercing — or, as Mr Service wonld say, " concussing" — none of the colonies into agreement with the majority, avoid ing nlldivisions, nud seeking to conciliate, so thai the colonios now siandiog aloof may be gradually drawn in. The great hope of the delegates is that South Aus tralia wil! be drawn in by next year, and if she does, it is believed that in the chances and changes of political life, Now South Wales will also be enmeshed. What those chances are may be judged from the fact that out of fourteen dele gates who were present at the Sydney Convention, there are but three present in their representative capacity at Hobart, aud two of these, Messrs Service and Barry, are already, politically speaking, ghosts. Another politician, Mr Adye Douglass, the Premier of Tasmania, is practically in the same category, us he is about to proceed home as Agent -General and the only other members of tbe Sydney Convention here at Hobart were Messrs Kerferd and Giblin, both of whom have jumped the judicial Bench, aud were spec tators, rather than workers. It indicates curiously the habits of mind of the people to be told that the chief objection to Mr Douglass going home is that bo married his deceased wife's sister, and therefore would not be received iu English society. In Victoria wo are not so scrupulous anent violations of the social code, tliGugh such marriages, legal with us, are equally uurocognised ia Britain. But though all these circumstances tend to emasculate the policy of the Council, and minimise its influence, still there cannot he in the minds of anyone i accustomed to watch the lines upon ( which political thought tiayfls the slightest doubt but that we are really spectators grouped around the bed of ac infant nation, to become puissant in tho days to be. It dees not matter by what means the future confederation of Australia may spring into beiuc — for ; federated it must ultimately assuredly be — or what delay may take place before the accomplishment, of tbe perfect unity 1 we look for ; yet still the Sydney Conven tion and tbe meeting of the first Coun- cil at Hobart must remain the corner stones of the structure, and in Austra lasian history the men now thc-re will find their names recorded as tbe nurses who stood aronnd the bedside of the giant child born of fair Tasmania. No matter what enthusiasm be "lacking now, the federal idea has in it a movement which cannotbe stayed, a furce irresistible. It moves by inches; as the sea does, wearing down the rocks ; but it has tbe accumulated force of nations behind it. Although the season is now on the wane, and already tbe dews and mists cap Mount Wellington, visitors to Hobart may be glad to have a hint. i will not advertise hotels, and the scenc-rv of lake nud sea is so accessible to nil that it is unnecessary to write a guide- book in con nection with it. But for visilors who love nil forms of sport, who seek to be en chanted with the nooks where nature hides her beauty, who would learn where the trout rise and the wild birds fly, where crag and glen are liuked_._by cataract, and mountain night mists ,ere bat veiling preludes to the up-spriDging of glorious highland suns, who want the bracing influence of fresh and ligh movement and exercise, under the best auspices, i would say, seek oat Mr Webster, of tbe Hnon coach- office, in Liverpool-street, and you will never have a day of ennui, in Tasmania. And here let it be remarked that in a small cobbler's shop in Murray-street is re tailed Underwood's antidote for snakebite, tbe secret of which was supposed to-be lost, and the virtueB of which are still extolled by thousands of Australian bnshmen. 