THE HON. SIR JAMES MARTIN, ClHIEF JUSTICE.' (BY H. WV. Ii. HUNOINGTON.) AT 12 o'clock on Thursday night Sir James Martin breathed his lhst, and whilst the country will unite in lamenting the loss, we think the following, reproduced from the Syrdny Quarterly Magazine for March, 1886, will be read with interest; - The subject of this sketch, who holds the di tinguished position of Chief Justice of this colony, is one of the most remarkable specimens of a self-made man that Australia can boast of, and rarely indeed has so high and dignified a position been more nobly and fairly won. By his indomi table energy, greatperseverance and marked intellectual power he has raised himself to the second highest office in the land, and triumphed over difficulties sufficient to overwhelm a spirit of less energy and consciousness of power. Indeed the history of his career is prominently interwoven with the political history of the Australian colonies, for during nearly half a century it has been largely connected with the progress of colonial politics, and his character has ever been set in a strong light as a defender of the people's rights. Although rot an Australian by birth he may.justly be deemed 'a son cf the soil," for he was scarcely six months old when he was brought to this country, consequently p he has no recollection cf the land that gave him birth. He was born on the 14th of May, 1820, in the town of Mid'lleton, in the county of Cook, Ireland, hence he is now in his 66th year. He is the oldest son of John Martin and Mary Hennessy, descendants of respect. able families in Ireland. His parents are represented to have been of the Roman Catholic faith, and it is a remarkable fact that his name appears among the first list of those who were baptised in old St. Miary a Cathedral, which was destroyed by fire on the 29th June, 1865. In 1821 his parents emigrated to this colory in the ship Royal George, which reached Por! Jackson on the 7th November, 1821, his father having yeilded to pressins riquests to acc:mpany Sir homas Brisbane to this colony as attendant on his fine stock of horses. Soon after their arrival in Syd ney they proceeded to Parramatta, where (.overnor Brisbane principally resided in the old Government House, on Rose Hill, and employed much of his time in astro. nomical observations in an observatory built near his residence in 1821. At Parramatta, the subject of this sketch received his earliest elementary education, and it is worthy of record that this ancient town boasts of haring been the educational field of many f the leading pioneers of Aus tralian colonisation. His first preceptor was an old dame named Smith, whose husband was a builder, the wolthy old couple having, net many years ago, died in the house where they resided for more than half a century. After quitting the dame's school, he attended various schools, respectively conduct-.d by Mr. Daniel Thurston, Mr. Caesidy, Mr. Bradley, and the, Rev. William Walker. At the establishment of Mr. Walker, a gentleman eminently gifted with intellectual endow ments of a high order, he made considerable progress before he was nice years of age. As his devotion for reading, and his singular talents became more apparent, his parents were urced to send him to college, where he could learn those arts that elevate and embellish human nature in a greater degree than can be expected at a private semin ary. Accordingly his parents returned to Sydney in 1834, and placed him under the tuition of Mr. William Timothy Cape, whose acc:mplishcd scholarship and most amiable character was prominent in educa tional circles of the day. Mr. Cape's estab lishment was designated by the name of " The Sydney Academy," and it Was situat at the corner of King and Phillip streets. It was eminent for its superior system of education, and afterwards considered illus trions for the men of mark in the history of Aunt ralia it product d. The good old Bishop Broughton was one of its patrons, and forming a high opinion of the character of the institution, he would frequently attend it and urge the scholars to pursue an un remitting and arduous course of study. A warm and mutual friendship grew between Mr. Cape and his gifted pupil, who, not withstanding his extreme youth, acquired classical attairments which placed his talents beyond doubt, and won for 'him the highest honours the academy could award his c!ase. He had scarcely been 12 months at the academy when Mr. Cape, who hb.d since 1830 interested himself in the foundation of the Sydney Col.ege, Hyde Park, was appointed head master of that institution. lustead of breaking up his establishment, Mr. Cape, on the 19th January, 1835, formally opened the college, with all his private pupils as its first students. Among those tratsferred was the subject of 1h's sketch and Messts. Allen, Barker, and other young men who became conspicuous in after life, and were united together In that tie of memory which from so slight a beginning had so deep and permanent a bold. At the college and during his early manhood he maintained his growing repu. tation for intellec'ual power; and as academic and youthful displays of popular talent fix a man's place in the maturer and more important efforts of actual life, it will be instructive to trace the formation of his peculiar charae'er. He made himself unusually remarkable by his uncommon assiduity to the study of classics and philosophy, for he knew he had only his own individual efforts to trust for his futuro consequerce and success in life. According to those who knew him well, his powers of conversation and love for disputation attrac'ed much notice; while his whole conduct in early life was charac terised by the mast concentrated exertion and prudence. Of his restless curiosity, hbs native love of adventure, and his incessant inirepidity, many curious incidents are on record; wt ile nis love of practical jokes, vivacaty, and frolic, was equally striking. Indeed, his early .disposition was s> marked by warmth of temper and animated enthusiasm that he was to be found in every daring prank and undertaking. With a prodigious memory, and from his peculiar studious habits, as well as the peculiar cast of his intellect, he became one of the most extensive scholars of the college, notwithstanding thathis classfellowrs comprised the most remarkable studcnts of his generation. Indeed, among those whom the college sent forth-many of whom have risen to station, and some to fame-not one possessed nobler claims to a higher ex pectation of both than the subject of this notice. \ A very pleasing reminiscence of hi?s schooldays was told by himself on the 23rd May, 1885, when he was publicly presented with an oil painting, the artistic work of Miss Bell. In descanting on the history of the colonial bar he said, " It has fallen to my lot to hove seen all my predecessors presiding in the court. The only cceasion when I so saw the tfirst Chief Justice, Sir Francis Forbes. was during the trial in the large room, a portion of which now consti tutes the Jury Coart, of the murderers of Dr. Wardell. Our master, Mr. Cape, gave the boys, includini myself, a half- holiday to witness the conclusion ot that trial. I well remember his calm and dignified de. meanour ih the midst of a disturbance caused by the attempt of one of the prisoners to leap over the dock on the verdict cf guilty being ieturnedl. Many of the audieoce, myself amongst the number, rushed out of the court, but the Judge nevr moved from his seat." This event took place in October, 1834, and Sir I James Martin added: "I saw him once more, a year or two after, at the annual breaking.up of the Syduney College, when he delivered a short address of encourage ment and advice to the lads drawn up bot'fore him. He spoke to us as the future magistrates and legislators of the country, ann u:ged upon us to qualify ourselves for our future career. It never occurred to me or to any of those who were then listening to him that I should ever become one of his successors " 'T'owards the close of the year 1836 he terminated his collegiate career and entered upon the sober pursuits of real life when only 16 years of age. Born to no fortune and having to steer a course of life for him self, he conceived a taste for literary pur suits, and for some years supported himself by literary emp'oyment on the press, a common resource of young men with high attainments at that period, but one which rarely leads its followers to position or affluence. His first connection w:th journalism was as an "all round writer" on the .iiusralian newspaper, which had betn founded in 1824 by Messrs. Wentworth and Wardell, but under the then proprietor, Mr. Cohen, did not surc ed with that proportion of success which the talent engaged upon it merited. At this period, 1838, Sir George Gipps had opened the doors of the Legislative Council to the public, and our ycung journalist reported the proceedings of that august assembly; thereby attaining considerable knowledge of parliamentary practice. However, his chosen walk was criticism, and his articles in the Aurtratlian uniformly manifest the perfect command of an easy and perspicu ous s'yle of diction. He tcok part in lead. ing public opinion in the most important quastions under discussion, as is evidenced in a libel case, Cohen v. Josephson, tried in 1838, wherein he gave evidence and nar rated his duties. His first serious exertion in literature was a small book of essays called " l'he Australian Sketch Book," which was actu ally the first literary production that eman ated from the pen of an individual edu cated in Australia. The book contains fifteen articles of some merit and ability,, written in an effective and agreeable style, combined with a richness of dictuon and imagery, the true off-pring of genius. All the fl wery ornaments of style which catch the youthful mind are therein to be traced, while the pathcs and fine thoughts in the essays on "War" and Botany Bay " dise play uncommon examples of description. His literary labouts on the Australian introduced him to many leading public men, among whom was Mr. George Robert Nicholls, who had served articles to Attor ney General Moore, and became a distin guished criminal pleader as well as a writer and part proprietor of the Australian. Mr. Nicholls, fully competent to appreciate at their just value the youthful editor's talents, made proposals of an advan'sgeous nature for his legal training as a lawvyer. In Mr. Nicholls it was his good fortune to meet with a friend equally ready to aid his studies as well as promote his welfare, and in 1840 young Martin became articled to that worthy and most able man. In this position he attained the qualifications essential for the practice of an attorney, solicitor, and' proctor of the Supreme Court of the colony, and on the 10th of May, 1841 (in company with a Mr. Elliot), he was admitted to practice by the then Chief Justice, Sir Alfred Stephen (our Lieutenant.Governor), Mr. Justice Dickinson and Mr. Justice A'Becke't. It was not long before he found favourable opportunities to display his skill and talent as a lawyer, and he was soon placed in the foremost rank of criminal court pleaders. Although in his pleading he did not possess the refined diction of Grecian and Roman genius, he possessed by nature an easy, unencumbered, and forcible style; in fact, a flowing torrent of burning words, which placed beyond doubt his prospect of rising to eminence in his pro fession. While he applied himse:f to the profound study of the law, he cultivated h:s literary talents with ardour and distinguished suc cess by contribu'ions to the press, which gained him a higher and more durable reputa'ion than he earned by popular elo quence in the police courts. Enforced by the irres s'ible control of oircumstances, he acceptej the onerous position of editor of a weekly journal of twelve pages, called The Atlas, which brought out all his best powe.s, and was far more permanently influential in establishing his reputation as a powerful writer. This journal was founded on the 30th November, 1844, by Mr. Robert Lowe (now Lord Sherbrooke) and several squatters, who carried on a bitter and most uncompromising feud with Gov ernor Gipps, whose land policy was unfavourable to them. It was an imitation of iPs London prototype, and in literary ability surpassed all its predecessors, Within four months of its first appearance, discontent arose among its promoters as to Mr. Lowe's management; and at this june. ture they were necessarily impressed with a a use of the importance of the success of the journal in its efforts to remove restric tions placed on squatting pursuits. Mr. Lowe had become somewbat favourable to the Governor's policy, and they were .in great stress for the want of an editor whose writings would manifest a boldand defying front, ard exercise power and influence on the ctmmunity. It was then a time of high sounding periods; andas the subject of this sketch was remarkable for his power of dealing with subjects he wished to destroy (for sarcasm is more effective than reason with usome men).he was selected, as the most formidable in the ranks of literary writers of the day. Itlsalmost needless to say that, by his strenuous and unyielding energy, the journal quickly acquired an extensive circulation. HIs perorations (especially "Tie Parting Word," written or the de parture of Sir George Gipps) showed much dash and point, and are full of the most rapid and lively combinations of fancy and playful allusion. His article on the first ball given by Sir Charles 'itzroy com mences with an attack on Sir George Gipps, and concludes with a powerful display of invective and pointed epigram against his successor, for inviting doubtful characters to the vizeregal festivity. lhese and other articles brought out in pitched battle his ponderous heavy artillery of literary tact and skill, with the avowed purpose of exposing f.eely and fearlessly theories which seemed to joepardise the social, moral, and political good of thu country. In the vindication of politceat truths he lifted up his powerful testimony in the columns of the Alias for a. period of nearly two years against the establishment of distrit councils throughout the colony; and it is due mainly to his opposition that these institutions died of inanition. No matter how much, in the light ef the pre sent day, we may condemn his actions or repel his principleE and violent utterances, he considered himself elevated by a sense of right-working for the public weal-to rectify abuses and popular fallacies. In his writtings he was sincere, honest, and disinterested; and one of the best specimens of his style of composition is the article on the re turn to Sydney of Dr. Leichhardt, who left the last station on the Dar ling Downs on the 18th October, 1844, and was presented with a tesrirnonial. With himn on the Atlas in 1844 was Mr. William Forster, then a squatter, who wrote the famous political satires, " The Devil and the Governor" and " The Genius and the Ghoest,"-the former satire having refer ence to the squatters' grievances, and the latter one to the subject of transportation. Although but young men, Messrs. puartin and Foster were among the leaders of public opinion, and took a lively interest in such subjects as the founding of the Patriotic Association, called into existence through Governor Gipps compelling the squatters to pay fees for the land they used; the agitation against the Governor's proposal to issue debentures for the support of immigration, as amounting to the crea tion of a national debt; the initiation of Lord Stanley's Constitution Act; the ex ploration of the inland country by Leich hardt, Mitchell, and Sturt; and other numerous movements of historic interest. When the question of Free '1rade v. Pro. teetion was first brought forward in the colony, the subject of this sketch took the lead in support of a policy cf Protecion. In January, 1848, he delivered bne of the best addresses on Protection ever uttered in this colony, which made many converts to his cause. (To be Continued.) 