IOcEN?TLY published Fronoh statistics show.that there are over 2,000,000 men of mature years, who utterly fail to ap, preoiate the beauties of matrimony, In other Words nearly onoefourth of the adult male population of France are baohelors, IJuttL igve years ago a labourer udt, denly disappeared from Waimato dis. triot (says the Lyttloton Times) without any apparent causeo, leavig behind him a wife and three oildpoi w?)thoit any means of support, Up till within six weeks ago no tidings, of the runaway: could be found, although the police under a warrant, made every. -xertlon,: His destitute wife, who has till now been residingin 'Waimate,, it appears casually took,up a Melbourne news., paper, and there to her astonishment saw the name of her. husband in -the roegitor of bltihs, She atonce laid in. formation to the police, with the result. that the truant husband is now in ous. tody in Melbourne, Mrs. Laird left Waimato, accompaniedbytwo important witnessee?sto give evilonce at the trial forbigatiy, . Tta deathis asinounced (says a home paper) of Mr. lonseo, the well-known spiritualist, aged 53, Mr, ,Homo was born in 1833, near -Edinburgh? He visited nearly overy country in Europe, and was understood to ;liive boon ox. teonsivoly consulted.by crowned heads, In an autobiographical skeotch, ?"Incl. dents of my Life," published in!' '186, in which he enters into ,the rationona of spiritualism, lihe says, "The only good I have over derived from' the gift ! is the knowledge that many who had never belioved in a futlro existonce are now happy, through mE,1 in the certitudo of theo'lifo to com0o, A xnwsPrArn paragraph says that the piles of old London Bridge, put down in the year 000, are still sound, the water and the blue mud o1f thi Thpni .haling aroeorved thoin, ' A noy was fined £2 at Gulgong re contly for carrying a gun on Sunday. It appears the boy was walking along when constable M'Coy noticed that the boy's trousers' log was rather largo, and on making an examination discovered the gun. Smart man that and a nourt law too. I wonder how many persons this individual would catch carrying fire arms on Sunday in this district were ho stationed hero ?-Scrutinoor. ON Monday, 9th inst, at noon, His ExceollencyLord Carlington accompanied by Captain Sheriff, Captain Terry A.D.C., Captain Baudry of II.M.S. Nol son, and Mr. Baring, arrived at Moss Vale, where they were met by Messrs. G. F. Want, Waltor Morrico, and Frank and Andrew Badgery, and driven to Artliursleigh for some kangaroo and and wallaby shooting. On reaching Arthursleigh the party found a number of drivers in readiness. About 5 o'clock the first drive took place and a good number of marsupials fell. The party then returned to the house, where they were entertained by the Messrs. Bad. gory. Early next morning a fresh start was made and shooting kept up till .dusk. nGame was plentiful and some excellent sport was obtained. On Wed nesday morning after a couple of drives the party returned to Moss Vale, where the special train was in readiness to convey them to Sydney. The party were thoroughly pleased with their 8 days' shooting, and a large number of game was'bagged. Tunna is a schooner just now lying in an American harbour, where it put in for repairs, which, according to the account given in the Now York Times, cannot find a crew to man it on account ofa ghost which is reported to haunt it. During a recent trip, runs, the story, the captain of the vesseal was acciden tally killed, and on reaching the har. bour the crew were discharged with the exception of the mate, the cook, and the cabin boy, who remained on bcard the vessel. Very shortly, however, the mate showed symptoms of nervous do pression, and communicated to another man the cause of his condition, namely, tricks nightly played by the captain's ghost. lie was kept awake, he alleged, by the most outrageous performances imaginable; he distinctly heard the do funot captain's voice giving orders, and the cabin boy corroborated the state mont. Summing up their courage the two went on deck, accompanied by the cook, on hearing a fearful thump, and there they found evidences of a ghost's pranks in the disturbed con dition of things. A second night's ea perience fairly dismayed the three, who abandouod thoesohoonor ; and' so groat: is the impression caused by the story they have related of the nocturnal rambles of the captain's ghost, that not even the offer of liberal pay can survey the lines at their own risk and oxponeo, always 'adhering to the grades, ourves, and rolling steok laid down for publio safety by the govornment, Then they apply for and 'usually obtain their private ants of parliament i qh Fylde4c thýey pary opt tho wor;, underi govern moent ipspeocon, in accordance with their plans, sootions, and prospectusos, they are entirely relieved from the political, local and personal indluonces that have cost this colony a mint of money; retarded its progress, and plaooed many a railway whore it ought not to have booee; We reserve our oritiquo on the soeeohos in the Leogislativo Council for afitunre occasion, 