CHAPTER IV. " There's a statute of limitations in respect to debt," said Armstrong to himself as he walked across the fields, "but I doubt whether there's any limit allowed in the case ' cf crime, or what "they call crime. I mind the story perfectly. And Job was as much in the right as it's easily possible for a man to be who's sure to be in the wrong whichever ^^ way he walks. ^u-c " It's the same man, I'm thinking. Arthur Forsyth Coninghame. I'll soon find that out. He was invalided home from the Crimea. I mind that well. " Will I say anything to Job about this business ? Suppose I wait and see." Considering how bowed and meagre he was he walked rapidly, but every now and then he stopDed to stare at the footpath and to murmur within himself, and, the murmur being finished, would go ahead again. His thoughts went back to a quarter of a century ago, and he recalled the incidents of Job s departure, and the discovery of the advertisement in the columns of the Times. Then Job's return, and the stolen marriage, and the story he told of Captain Coninghame. Captain Coninghame had been Armstrong's bugbear for years, for Job had admitted at once his own identity with that advertised John fcmith who had been accompanied by a bulldog answering to the name of Pincher. Armstrong remembered that the spectacle of soldiers on the march in Castle Barfield, High-street, at any time within half a dozen years of Job's return, had awakened in his own breast the liveliest fears for his daughter and his son- in-law. But the fears had died away, and detection had come to seem more and more unlikely. Supposing that this new-comer were actually the Captain Coninghame Job had knocked down five-and-twenty years ago was it probable that he would recognise his assailant after all that lapse of time ? And even if it should be the real Captain Coninghame, and even if recognition should prove to be possible, and even if the military law could still be put in force, where was Job's enemy to find his proofs ? Nobody knew the story but Ezekiel and Armstrong and Job himself. "Neither old Round nor I are vera likely to tell," said Armstrong, smiling, " and they wouldn't get much out of Job, fin thinking." The more he thought of the lapse of time, the changes which had come about in Job's aspect, and the want of witnesses to identity, the more ridiculous his late scare seemed. "I suppose," he said inwardly, pursuing more at ease the line of thought upon which his fears had set him going—" I suppose the law never forgives. But after all the law's only a piece of mechanism in the hands of men who have hearts in their bosoms—smaller or larger, but hearts anyway. They'd be wanting undoubtable proofs in a case like Job's, and where are they to come from? But I'd like to know if this General Coninghame is the real Simon Pure." As it happened he heard a great deal about General Coninghame, and indeed that officer was not long established in Castle Barfield before the whole parish was in a state of wild uproar about him. This was the more remarkable because the folks of Castle Barfield were commonly of a humdrum turn of mind, and were inclined to accept almost whatever happened in a spirit of bovine tranquillity. Once or twice a year, perhaps, but rarely oftener, Armstrong would leave his chess and his books, and would betake himself for an hour to the parlour of the Barfield Arms, to smoke a neighbourly pipe and to hear the gossip of the place. A month after the arrival of the new tenant at she Warren, General Ccninghame's character and proceedings were the subject of an animated conversation. "Not a order," said the landlord, standing with lri& back to the fireplace ana pointing his discoui s.e by waving Jthe stem of a long — clay pipe—" JSot - a order — 1 — •— has = been sent *- to so much as one single soul i' Castle Barfield so far as I have heerd of. I think it'll be allowed, gentlemen, as the landlord o' the Barfield Arms is in a position to learn what's doing i' the parish, .and, from what I hear, theere's nothing as he has requirement for but he sends into town for it, from his sugar to his butcher's meat. Now," continued the landlord, with bent brows and a general air of laying down the law impartially, "that may be neighbourly or it may not, it may sum up wi' modern fashions or it may not, it may be the mode wheer he comes from or it may not, but of this thing I aji certain, gentlemen, it has not heretofore been the manner of the resident gentlefolk i' Cistle Barfield." The landlord had delivered this address, or one resembling it, every evening lor a fortnight past, and had always found is well received. The new-comer's action touched the British tradesman in his tendtrest yoiut, and the High-street was bitterly indignant. "Now, Mr. Armstrong," saui ti;-: 1 mdlord, ' is well beknown for one of oar oldest residents, and a gentleman as is always listened to respect an' pleasure. I shoala j -i*t like to hear ill - . Armstrong's opinion. 1 ' " WelL" replied Armstrong, "i'-n sa old FiettraJer, and Istand for fie libe:ty <_l tha indivttdsal—in measure. ik::iaa ni id of rraj there"? n tie between j.'.j tha.r live In the same place. We rpeak of tbe human race as the human family, indicating thereby a general recogneetion of the tie between all pcoples.and lands. Then each nation has asort of national instinct, the which persuades it to hold together and to suDport and think well of the honie institutions. Then ye descend a little lower and come to town life or to parish lifelike our own, and ye find in rightly organeezea Kinds a kind of parochial patrictitm. A parish ia just a family on a larger scale—so many members of the human family brought together in a V.ond a thought more intimate than that which holds them to tbe war)d at large, and whatsoever makes for the general good and contentment of ths paiish is in a. sGrt of way a binding duty on every resident. Coinmeice is the natural bond of goodwill amongst men, and, in short, it's just a man's duty to deal with his neighbours." "I've allays thought," said the landlord, " sence 1 had the pleasure to know Mr. Armstrong, forty 'ear ago, as the Church was his rightful line of life and the pulpit his befitting place. The justice of his re narks is such." "Armstrong," said the grocer, "is of a en it. d with the rest of us. As for its being a man'B duty to deal with his neighbours, it needs no ghost to come from the grave to tell us that, my lord. Perhaps Armstrong, being a man of readin', can tell us wheer that kotation's from." " Ay, ay," returned Armstrong. " There's ne'er a villain dwelling in all Denmark but he's an arrant knave." " What's that got to do, with it?" demanded the grocer. "If you'll turn to the fifth scene of the first act of Hawmlet, ye'll find out," returned the grey Scotchman gently. "Theer, theer, theer," said the farrier. "Hox an' frog, hox an' frog. What's the sort o' use for thee to set up again Armstrong as a mon o' bocks ?" "Gentlemen," said the tailor, "let dogs delight; but sure-lie we can be at peace in the Arms." But it was the pleader for peace himself who was fated to create the excitement of the time. " Theer's a matter," he said, " as I like still less than the General's dealin's outside the parish. Theer's not a many of the local gentlefolks as sees fit to have their clothes make i' the parish, though mayhoppen the cut's as good and the cloth a trifle better here than eisewhere. Here's a piece |o' genuine West of England now as you might stand under a waterspout with an' come out dry." "Sound stuff, doubtless," replied a neighbour, fingering the skirt of the tailor's coat. " But what about the General ?" " Whv, the thing as gets my back up is," said the tailor, "as he's Btopped the right-o'-way accross the Warrin Lezzurs." The Warren Leasowes? There was a general cry and a general movement. Men looked at each other in uncertainty. "I passed to-day," said the tailor solemnly, "and the stile was took away an<i tha space boarded over. I climbed the bank, and I see two men a-putting the plough across the footpath." The farrier reared his burly form, and gazing at the opposite wall, spoke like a man in a mesmeric trance. "Gentlemen; man an' lad I've lived i' this parish five-and-fifty 'ear come next CastleBarfield Wake Monday, anTveknowed the right-o'-way across the Warrin Lezzurs since I was the height of a standin' sledge. I rise to move that this meetin' starts at once to view the spot, and if things be as Mr. Nightingale represents 'em, that this meetin' deetr'yB the fence." The farrier came out of his trance and sat down again, and there was a murmur of resolute applause. " I second that," said one, and the landlord being called upon to put the vote to tbe meeting, did so with a flourish. He was a far-seeing man, and he knew that, although the beginning of this business would empty the bar parlour, the final result of it might be as profitable as an election. "Gentlemen," said Armstrong, rising, "if ye'il listen to the counsel of the oldest man amongst ye" "We're in want of no cold water from you. thank you, Armstrong," said the grocer. ' Order for Armstrong, cried the farrier, who made a point of differing from the grocer on all occasions. " Ye'll get no cold water from me, nor yet teepid,"theScot declared." I say,' Down with oppressions, large and small!' Remove the fence by all means. It's neither more nor less than an insolent iniringement on popular rights. Bnt I urge upon you to do no needless farthing's worth of damage, and to get yourselves into no trouble. It's a bit of justice-work, lade. Let it be done decently and in order." " Will you come and tek your share of it ?" enquired the grocer, jeerinely. " Ay, will I," the grey man answered tranquilly. " Anything for justice." "Come to the forge, gentlemen," said the farrier. "My two lads is on a job as can wait awhile. Me and them'Il take tools and fetch the fence down, and I shall be obliged by a few law abidin' gentlemen a-lookin' on." They all flowed out into the tranquil street, and took their way in a body to the forge. Here they were reinforced by the two apprentices and half a dozen idlers of the rougher sort, and so became noticeable by their numbers in so quiet a place and at so still a time. The farrier and his two assistants marched in front, each with a sledgehammer across his shoulder, and the pro-, cession followed, taking up recruits every here and there. It was a lovely night, and the harvest moon was at the full, so that even when the little crowd had passed the line of gaslamps and had come upon the lane which led to the Warren the air was full of light. When the opponents of tyranny came to the new fence and saw its stout timbers gleaming white in the moonbeams, they raised a groan. " Gie me a leg over," said the farrier, and he was on the other side in a twinkling. Somebody passed his sledge after him, the crowd stood clear in a semicircle, and the three sledges began to thunder on the timbers. They were stoutly set, but beneath the crashing blows of the sledges they soon gave way, and in a minute the woodwork was gapped in a dozen places. By-and-by the central post broke short beneath the farrier's hammer and toppled into the road. The crowd cheered, and at that instant a man broke into the semicircle with a shock of corn in his arms. "GetherthechipB, lads," he said. "We'll make a clean job on it while we're about it." " Men," cried Armstong, " ye'll not burn bread ? That's a sin in the eyes of God and man." "You'm right, gaffer," said one, a miner by his dress and his coal-black hands and face. " Pull the corn off the stalks. Theer's plenty on us, and theer's lots o' time." So said, EO done. In two or three minutes the bundle of straw was blazing, and the broken fragments of the fence being thrown upon it, there was soon a roaring nre in the middle of the lane. " Order," roared the farrier, for the rougher fellows were shouting and singing about the bonfire, and engaging in wild horse-play. The cry secured silence. * Gentlemen." said the famer, "what we am to do this night is to show our right-of-way. I move we walk in order by our own public walk across the Lezzurs." There was a new cheer at this, and every- body streamed into the field. By-and-by they came upon a part of the road which had been ploughed, and in another minute found the plough lying in the pathway. Somebody raised a cry that the plough should be broken, and this proposal meeting with the general sense of justice, the three sledges came into play again, and in a minute the work was done. Whilst the blows were yet falling, the little crowd received a final reinforcement by the arrival of Job Round and Ezekiel. " What's all this?" demanded Job, catching sight of Armstrong. " We're an assemblage of village Hampdens, lad," said Armstrong, laughing. " The village Hampdens who with dauntless breast the petty tyrant of the fields withstand," " That fellow has tried to stop the pathway ?" asked Job. "Just that," said Armstrong. "Nightingale brought the news to tbe Barfield Arms, and they sallied out in a body. Everything's been done so far in pretty fair order. " Has lie fenced the fat end of the path as well?" " Most likely. We're going to see. Job," continued the grey man. pulling him by bis tleeve, " I'd be out of this if 1 were you." He spoke in a half whisper. " Why ?" said Job. "It's Arthur Forsyth Coninghame," returned Armstrong, drawing him further from the crowd. " I thoughtso when I first heard bis nzme. I've known it for the past three weeks." " I knew it all along," Job answered quietly. The farrier and his following were moving on again, and he made a step to follow them. " There's no use in tempting Providence," said Armstrong. " It's as likely as not the noise will bring him out." "Let it bring him," replied Job, with a brusque contempt he had never employed towards Armstrong untU tbat moment. "I beg jour pardon," he said, as the old man released his arm. " That was for him and not for you, Mr. Armstrong. I'm not afraid of him." " I wish ycu were,"' said Armstrong, but Ezekiel, who had also been enquiring into the cause of tbe disturbance and had grown greatly excited over it, called to them both, and they followed. " Theer's a bit o' spent i' Castle Barfield yet, it'd seem," said Eiekiel. with a suiky exultation. "Gentlefolks as comin' from furrin psitF. an'bricgia' furrin manners wi' ; tD!, : ll fca : to learn who we be. I'd fight this as lung as I could stand, again hog, dog, or divil." "Bravo, dad!" cried Job, clapping his father's shoulder with a laugh. "You see, sir," turning to Armstrong, "the thing's typical of bigger things. There's no riding roughshod over these fellows. I like the feel of it. No grumbling, no calling of meetings, but a straight left-hander from the shoulder." " Ay," returned Armstrong, " it's the spirit that made us fight a year or two ago rather than let the Bear eat the Turkey. We're an assemblage of village Hampdens, as I said just now." "I'm righteous glad," said Ezekiel, walking sturdily beside them, "as we happened to be here, Job. I'm th' o'dest ratepayer i' Castle Barfield, an' it's fitting as I should be here. I can remember this a free walk for nigh on seventy 'ear." They were at the back of the Warren, a great square white house, standing shattered by its trees, when Armstrong took Job "a second time by the sleeve. " I see him," said Job, calmly, in answer to the warning tug the other gave him. Two or three men were walking across the moonlit field, and at their head was a tall military figure. The military figure and one other were in evening dress, and their white shirtfronts gleamed in the moonlight which fell full upon them. They, and the serving men who followed them, were making towards the end of the pathway, ana Job quickened his pace to reach the spot at the same time. It was plain that a second fence had been erected there, fcr the timbers answered the first blow of the hammer like a drum, but presently began to crash and crackle. "Hallo, there, you scoundrels!" shouted the leader of the paity from the Warren; " w hat are you doing there ?" "Justice, my good sir, justice," said Job Round, interposing his great figure between the new comer and the ero*d. The General looked him up and down with scorn, and moved to walk round liim. Armstrong ran up and took Job by the arm, but the big man did not seem to notice him. "You must be aware, sir," he said, addressing his old enemy with great suavity, " that you have committed an illegal act in enclosing a road over which the people of this parish have held an immemorial right-ofway." "And who are you ?" demanded the other. "I am part owner of that public property of which ycu are tbe convicted thief, sir," said Job, with a quite amiable laugh in his voice. General Coninghame glared at him in speechless indignation, and Armstrong's hand trembled on Job's arm. " Some of these fellows are a little rough," the big man continued, " and you are likely to be unpopular for the moment. You will best consider your own safety as you did in the Crimea by a judicious retirement from the seat of operations." "I will bear you in mind, sir," said the other, in a restrained voice which shook with rage. With tbat he plunged into the crowd, shoulderingaeide boldly enough such as came in his way, and seizing the farrier by his uplifted arm, tried to drag him backwards from the half-demolished fence. The farrier, with his sledge still poised, turned to look at him. "Well?" he Eaid, with something of a drawl. " What dost thee want ?" " I am the proprietor of this land." "Ah?" replied the farrier, lowering the sledge and wiping his brow with his shirtsleeve. " I demand your name," said General Coninghame, " and the names of ' your companions ; and 1 order you to quit my land." "Governor!" said the farrier, "thee remind'st me o' Caddick's pig. One fine moinin' two gentlemen made a call upon him. ' And now,' says Caddick's pig,' they'll be for lettin' me ha' my breakfast.' But i'stead o' that they took him out, an' they made him into pork and bacon." With this rustic apologue the farrier spat upon his horny hands, and, taking a new hold upon the sledge-hammer, eet to work again The crowd guffawed, and the General stood looking on at the work of demolition. " I shall know you again," he Baid, address ing the farrier, " and you, sir," to Job, who inclined his head with a smile. " And you, and you," singling here and there another. The crowd began to hustle him, but Job cried out authoritatively— " No violence, men. Leave him alone." The hustling ceased, and Coninghame, approaching Job, looked at him oddly. Job returned his gaze, and for half a minute or nearly they stood looking pointblank at each other. The full light of the harvest moon made the features of both men clear to view. It was plain that a chord of remem brance had been struck in Coninghame's mind, and it was plain also that he was running over a hundred forgotten neglected chords in the hope of sounding it again. The light of half-recognition died away, and he turned with a mere repetition of bis old warning, " I shall know you again." " So I should fancy," Job answered, with a laugh. Coninghame retired to his own party, and by-and-by one of his servants addressed him and pointed out those he knew. This was the coachman, who had been in Castle Barfield service for a year or two. Some of the men jeered at him, but Coninghame borrowed a set of tablets from his friend, and wrote by the light of his own timber, which by this time had begun to blaze merrily. "And now, gentlemen," said Job, "as you seem to have completed the business which bronght you here, it may be as well if you go quietly home again. " Job, Job," said Armstrong, when they two were alone in the fields again, "ye're a mere madman. What made yon go and throw yourself in the man's way like that?" "Pooh, pooh!" returned Job, stolidly. " The scoundrel doesn't know me from Adam, and if he did, what would it matter? Who's going to take his word after five-and-twenty years?" " Ye forget the dog, lad," said Armstrong. " There are a hundred people, a thousand, in Castle Barfield at this minute who remember that you went away with him." "I don't forget the dog," Job answered sternly. " That was the brute who poisoned him. Do you know, sir," he went on, with a strange quiet, "it -was only on the day 1 married that I relinquished my resolve to make that fellow's life send in a sort of bankrupt dividend for poor Pincher's. I was going to say ' pay for it,' but that was non sense." "Job, lad, Job," said Armstrong, "you're just awful. Think of Sarah, if nothing else will tame you." " Well, he answered, " it's all over. I'll keep out of the blackguard's way, to please you." 