§3xnbag limbing. ETERNAL HOPE— ST. PAUL'S ' THEODICEE. Tea, are there some who reached the door too late Xo whom the portals are as stern as fate ? DO chernbim with word of flame stai scare JEae Einfol from the hope of dwelling there 5 Host those poor ghosts, for ever wandering, On one unceasing round the changes ring— Xbe bliss that was and is no more to T-e, Shis cruel stony blank eternity 1 JfO sui, no Home, no garden now to till, Ho innuan iove the empty heart to fill, 2Jo lower form of good, to cheat the pain Of withered hopes and aspirations vain ! 370 lest of conscience, and no healing balm ; Zbiougn ages pass, no interval of calm, But fiercely burns insatiable desire, find vengeance feeds the everlasting fire 1 Is this the soiry ending oE the tale That swept like music down the lowly vale Where tad-eyed men consumed the bitter years „_,- . . In Servile tasks, contending with their fears 7 . Is this the gladsome gospel of His grace Who seemed to clasp the world in His embrace 1 We turn in horror from this clang of doom So Him whose love had surely larger room. He reigns ; His purpose never shall be foiled — So cleanse the universe by evil soiled. All enemies of His shall be destroyed : 3So word of His returns onto Him void. Xhe victory is His ; and who are they, Shose foes whose evil power shall pass away? ; Man is the hapless victim, bat the foes She triumph of redemption overthrows fire beasts of prey that prowl around his fold. Death lords it much, Intrenched in his stronghold, He fain would keep his captives— Death must die ! fcndStn shall not eternally defy Ihe Master— power of all the universe — Ihat purest of the world's deliverers ' J Who would not turn one footstep from the right : fill an must perish from before His sight. She Tempter, too, must yield— the rebel will Whose subtlety was worsted on the Hill Of Evil Counsel— he must yield his place, Or seek salvation by toe way of grace. And fain, that like a sleuth hound follows us — More keen ot scent, more fierce, more ravenous — _, And strikes his cruel fangs into the heart, Hub foe the Lord of Love will bid depart, And an the cries of suffering will cease Whence Shall reign the acknowledged Prince of Peace. ; H none shall ever enter Paradise Except with new and wholly cleansed eyes. What Words Of grace, what blessed ministries, Hay Chasten and prepare those sonis for bliss Ihat sometime pined without, we cannot know — Wnat angel messages may come and go— - What new revealingsoi forgotten truth May bring again the purest dreams of youth, UntO toe gold of purified desire Mone remains from the refiner's fire. AQ this is hidden-in the future, but Ihe door the Lord has opened none can shut. He lived for man ; for man, as man, He died : He claims aH souls, and will not be denied. ; — . ? *?*? ! 