? DDLL and threatening broke last Saturday morning font fortunately no rain interfered with the success of the sixth Caulfleld Cup day of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club Meeting. Touching the matter of reaching thp course, the railway arrangements were discreditable in the extreme, the fighting for tickets at two miserably small windows at the Flinders-street station being but the jirecursor of a general system of how not to do it tiint had to be experienced to be believed. The nousey individual, also, who thought to escape the inevitable crush of the homeward journey by leaving the course aB goou as the Caulfleld Cup was over, was the victim of misplaced confidence, for on arriving at the station he iouiid the gates locked against him, and the key lost! For half-au-hour had he to put up with the inevitable, the crowd behind him every moment augmenting, and shouts of derision as to the arrangements made by the though tful and indefatigable secretarv rending the air. And vet we read that, all told, 12,165 people travelled to die course by rail. Great Scott! Thirty-five thousand people patronised the train to Flemington last Cup Day, and there wasn't a hitch. THE gross attendance on Saturday has been carefully compiled by the Argtts people, on whose authority rce have it that the number totalled some few hundreds over 20,000. Comparatively small as this number is— considering that the Melbourne Cup on Tuesday week will attract fully five times that number—it was altogether disproportionate to the accommodation provided. The praud stand was seized upon early in the day by people who, in the majority of instances, never shifted their positions, and had it been twice the size it would have been just the same. Locomotion was next to impossible on the lawn; whilst the unfortunate twobolibers on the flat who lasted it out must have had some very queer ideas as to what constituted enjoyment. THE fu st item on the card was a Selling Race, five furlongs, for which eleven started, Honora being most fancied at first, until a demonstration in favour of Toronto sent him up top, bin price being 2 to 1, whilst Honora was at 5 to 2. The brace were the only ones in it at the finish, Gorry, on Toronto, defeating Power on Honora, by nearly two lengths, Tichborne third, three lengths away. Time, 1 mm. 4 sec. The winner was bought iu for £100 and as he had been entered to be sold hrnil, the whole of the century went to the funds of the Club. AMONG the nine who Btarted for the Caulfleld Stakes, weight for age, one mile and a furlong, were iucluded such celebrities as Malua, Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling, The Nun, and Isonomy. Malua started first favourite at even money, albeit' his owner, Mr. J O Inglis, was riding him 41b. overweight, 6 and 7 to 1 being" on offer against others. The favourite quickly took up the running, followed by The Nun and Retort, The Nun Leading Malua at the back, where Grace Darling also showed prominently. Coming to the home turn Malua sbot to the front, but Isonomy here put in his claim and the pair raced neck and neck some distance, and although the favourite got his head in front a furlong from home the South Australian horse outlasted him, and secured a victory by three- quarters of a length, The Nun, who finished with what seemed to be a " forlorn hope" kind of a rush, being third half a length away. Time. 2 min. SJBBC. EIGHTEEN* youngsters sported silk for the Nursery Handicap, four furlongs-and a-half, Horteuse being supported with much spirit down to 2 to 1, whilst the followers of Mr. F. p. Dakrn's stable placed Bedouin second favourite at 5 to 1, Lady Lovell beiug also well backed at I to 1. Hortense lost several lengths at the start, which completely settled her chance, for although she made a oruliant aud gallant run at Lady Lovell, after the latter Had settled Bedouin at the distance, she could not quite get up, and suffered defeat by a short neck, Bedouin a moderate third. Time, 51sec EIGHTEEN was again the main in the Caulfleld Cup, one mile and a-half, for which Silvermine was a pronounced favourite at 4 to 1, Britisher coming next at Mo L Boolka at 8 to 1, Recall at 9 to 1, Ben Bolt 10 to 1 M.John 15to 1, and "any price runners." Millstream Ptoyed up such high jinks at the starting post that the mrtor would have been quite justified in despatching toe others without him, instead of which a lot of time was cut to waste over the mad- headed brute. The start was a airly good one, and when well into their stride St. John loiitue i UBIDE), Britisher and Zeno were described as the wading trio, Boolka laying next, Going out of the straight Jim tain, who was running wide on the outside ofhis norses, made a rush to get back into the paddock, and on being pulled off, crossed his legs and fell, without, receiving any injury-a good thing for the arnrnal, but, judging from the Little John episode, a slice o bad luck for backers. Going up the hill Boolka assumed command, followed by Bonnie Doon, Mentand Britisher. Coming down to the sod wail, bonme Doon deprived Boolka of the lead, but in urn was dispossessed thereof by Britisher, who swept S't straight close to the rails, followed by SUver- ' „?•, A furlong from home Silvermine, under severe punishment, silenced Britisher, and appeared to be HK? oasil y, until "the crouching panther," Mick >e making one of nis best e i t * B en t0 be ® making one of lis best efforts uuueu jjoltwho came as if shot out of a catapult up 6 0 th « e straight, and snatched a victory by Bin. e £ k ' Britisher a long neck away from Silver- 0aJ1 bftlf a ]e S n sth off, fourth. Time, 2 min. The Open Handicap Steeplechase, about two ^esand a-half, attracted a good field of a dozen, public MFTL varying Jl rr between ™ ^V-II the WIOIWILWVO relative positions PUBL of Black- Sir C , , Havelock, who started at 4 to 1 each, M bamuel being at 6 tol , Irishman and Lady Ashton 1, and Contingent at 8 to 1. The Adelaide mare, Siit ai J n ? gton - have made matters particuy „ B 'y ™3 she not rapped her fences so often, her at last f e n c e court — Putting her clean out of frotn Vvili ena, bling Contingent to win by ten lengths Bivpiif i I ? an ' wll ose nearest compagnon de voyage was •^'cioeis, three lengths away. Time. 5min. 28Jsec. tJ® E Windsor Handicap, six furlongs, had 22 Wfnrt. an<^a5 the race generally gives some sort of a mile flotif^ ^auctions from concerning a tliree-quarter- «n-.t w m the Autumn—yclept the Newmarket Handi- «to nr!;il 0 5, m ^splayed by the contestants was eagerly an eye to possible contingencies. William 51 Wniivw, b - up, and yet was first favourite, which _J^yseemed peculiar after the horse being scratched ioiJS natlonal ame of « oricket is making rapid strides ini D™ f ^ a nd a team of Australians can hold their own wlf. ™ orld - Good cricket cannot be played without ^materials. These are supplied by Boyle and Scott, 41 hr if east ' who ^^ lmd n^de specially to order, and dh * B °y le of tlle > Australian eleven, some really the best ever Bent to ' Australia. Cricketers can °ffl over 3000, the Largest Stock in the Colonies. Large Tenttl ®nt doo"r °port B Materials, and every requisite for for the Caulfleld Cup, the more so as it has been incessantly dinned into our ears all through the winter tnat lie was quite as good a horse at a mile and a-half as ne was at a mile." However, he started first favourite at 4 to 1, and ran such a great horse that surprise was expressed at Mr. S. Mfller having scratched him for the Caulfleld Cup. The "astute" Josephus de Morrisoni considered he had a bit of a look in too, and so his friends soon sent Don Giovan down to 5 tol, whilst Toronto was third favourite at 6 to 1. They were the only three to gain situations, Don Giovan beating William Tell home by a length, Toronto being a length and a half behind the favourite. The Ghost was fourth. Time.lmin. 17secs. THERE was another item—not on the programme, but of which the homeward-bound by the train which left Caulfleld at 5 p.m. had a splendid view. The scene was Bome land attached to the Caulfleld Club Hotel, where two individuals, stripped to the buff, were slogging away at each other to their heart's content in the centre of a dense ring of lovers of the noble art. THE table which had been provided with such foresight by the energetic secretary to enable people to purchase cards or books of ;tlio races on the lawn was trul v a pitiable-looking object. Three-pennyworth of varnish would have done it a power of good ; but then, -Lord bless you, it would have been threepence thrown away for I question if the profits of the sale paid the boy's wages. After which another strategic move will have to be made at the next big meetingsay, not to get enough cards printed, and to charge a shilling each for them, the boys having to pay eight shillings a dozen for them. That would about fix matters up. A CURIOUS sentence. A very curious sentence- Susceptible of being misconstrued; and yet even more susceptible of being literally construed by ninety-nine people out of a hundred. Here it is, from Monday's Argus, relative to the Caulfleld Stakes, in which Malua was ridden by Mr. J. O. Inglis:—"The horse has seldom looked better, and with Bobertson iu the saddle the race would have been looked upon as an absolute certainty for him. Why "with Robertson in the saddle?" I fancy J. O. has quite as strong a pair of arms as the best professional amongst them. AND again, same authority:—" Twice before the defeat of Malua, with his owner iu the saddle, has been followed by a brilliant victory. Will racing history repeat itself?" Most decidedly. Baaing history always does repeat itself. It's only a question of time; "time is of the essence of the contract." One of the brilliant victories, I suppose, was performed just after the Caulfleld Cup won by Blink Bonny, in which Malua (ridden by rigidity) finished fourth. Well, his rider certainly kept hini well in hand from the jump. Had he not done so, Heaven knows where the horse might not have bolted, or what injury he might not have done. You see, a few months previous Charley Ivimy wasn't strong enough to hold him and the five hundred quid at the same time in the Adelaide Cup, and consequently the push went bung on Conjecture. And, as they haven't got more sugar than would sink a ship, it is incumbent on them to shove in as much dry hash as possible. FLEMINGTON trained horses were again to the fore last Saturday, securing no less than three races. Out of the twelve races on the two days they have thus won six. Bravo, Flemington! and all credit to H. B. M. (His Britannic Majesty) and assistants for the high state of efficiency the tracks are now in. A tip for the Moonee Valley Cup ? Certainly Damocles. The tip is as good as ever, though it must be fully three years since I was given it. Here it is. At a Caulfleld race meeting, where a large fteld of horses started, an outsider won easily. Meeting a friend of mine, I remarked, "How did that suit you ?" "Oh," was the reply, " I saved it, and I backed it." " Backed it?" I inquired; "in the name of fortune what prompted you to do that ?" Mine frendt immediately button-holed me, and brer tbed into my ear these very sapient words: "Look hero, old fellow;.I would back a [sanguinary] rocking- horse at Caulfleld if Mick O'Brien were on its back." And on many, many occasions since then have results proved the soundness of his j udgment. They say old Embracery has gone off home To see if he oan't make him pay; But I'm afraid it's a bad egg with Mr. Benzone, Who states he has him bilked that way. OLYMPUS. THE Richmond B.C. intends holding a race meeting upon the V.C.U. track on Saturday, the 30th October, which we wish, on account-of the club's exchequer, had been arranged upon some other date. There are but four races on the programme, and they consist of One Mile Novices 1 Race, Two Miles Open Race, One Mile Club Race and Three Miles Club Handicap. The entries for these races closed upon the 21st October, and as they ere very well supported a good afternoon's enjoyment should .result. ALTHOUGH the weather has lately been conducive to touring we have heard of but little having being accomplished in that direction. The only account we have heard of has been a ride of four Ballar&t; cyclists, Messrs. Curtis, Cumming, Cooper, and Mouat, who left that city on Saturday, the 2udinst., and rode to Geelong. The two former cyclists continued their journey to Queenscliff. They report the road to the latter place as having been very bad in consequence of the heavy rains which had fallen having made the roads very soft. IF the number of entries received be any criterion the race meeting of the Melbourne B.C. ou the Melbourne Cricket Grouud, on the 13th November, should ba the greatest success that has ever taken place in connection with cycling in Australia. Nearly 200 entries in all have been forwarded to the secretary, out of which no less than 74 are for the One Mile Bicycle Bracelet Bace, and 47 for the Three Miles Bicycle Race, for which prizes valued at £200 are promised. Amoug the entrants are representatives from New South Wales, South Australia and Tasmania, and from all the principal towns of our centres. It is, therefore, to be expected that the racing upon this occasion will be worthy of the gathering. THE cyclists of England are computed to number 20,000 strong, and this large body is rapidly making its existence felt. Ono by one the public reserves are being opened to them; one, however, Richmond Park, held out strenuously against all appeals, until recently, when wheelmen were granted the right of riding there provided they did not ride at a greater speed than eight miles an hour. JUDGING from accounts in Springfield (U.S.A.) newspapers of August last, Mr. Langdon, of ChristcUurch, appears to have had a big reception from the bicyclists there, as the only representative from Australasia who intended to put in an appearance at the tournament, buortly after his arrival he went for a five-mile spin on the Springfield track, and though he was suffering from a cold and was otherwise indisposed after his journey he did very well. Mr. Langdon was " interviewed " by a reporter of one of the local papers, which is so good as to describe him as " a very uuassumiug young man, who replied to the reporter's enquiries with a deal of patience." His portrait, with a short notice of his previous performances appears in the Springfield Wheelman's Gazette of August last. THE main attractions in Brussels at present are " vanishing ladies." They disappear in " less than a jiffy," and resolve themselves into thin air. In Melbourne such a tiling would prove an immense draw, and might, by-the-way, be introduced into private families, the mother-in-law, of course, eing the central figure. 