A Christmas Ghost. "Do you really care for me one atom?" I asked, bitterly, iookiog down-ioto the calm face before me. The long, dark lashes lifted them* selves with languid grace, and the beautiful eyes looked up into mine. " At times, periodically, spasmodical y " 1 "The spasm is not upon you at i-resent," and the sarcasm of my tone hid its feeling. " It rarely is when you make yourself dis agreeable, which is the case now." " And is there to be no end to my patience?" "I have as yet failed to become very familiar with the beginning; you display it in such microscopic proportion." X moved towards the door; I could bear no more just thrn. " Good*bje; it may be some time before we ! meet" A Btart'ed expression flitted over her face for juot ore M'>mc t, and was gone. " Ju recoir 1" she said, with s careless wave of her fan. " When your had temper it over, and a thing of the past, I suppose 1 shall have the extreme felicity of seeing you again. Sup pose you spend ' hristmns hve with me?" It Vu9 the end of August, and I was in the biMt of seeing her daily. "DeAd or olive X will bo with you!" I utisnercd, and left the room. Why should she, my darling—for she was my darling i i spito of it all - torment me so ? What demon was it tbut possessed her? Or why should I, with, my hot, jealous disposition, care so madly for a woman who was not content to relinquish ull the world for my sake ? She repulsed my carc*eos when the mood was on her, broke engagements with me, flirted with other men, and jet had promised to marry me. I loved and hated her, as it were, in the same moment. I would break lose from her, leave her for a time, and see if absence would not work better for mo than I could for myself, or if, perchance", it would cure meof myinfatuation. "Without allowing myself to reflect, 1 engaged passage for abroad, and made hasty prepare tions -O be gone some months; I would not see her again j I would not tell her t was going. I set m- teeth at the very thought of what it would cost me, and it required all the strength of which I was master to carry out the deter mination, but X did it. I placed my business affairs in the hands of a friend, and one thing only remained—to have my will drawn up. "I give and bequeath to Elisabeth Barnwell, my affianced wife (ah, Bessie! Bessie i) " aU my property, real and personal," fco, with the.enumeration thereof following. Perhaps, thought I, a little bitterly, if 8h© were to come ever into possession of what had once been mine, she might have one tender thought to give to him whose only thought had been of her. The wreck of the Scotia ia an old story now, but a story written in tears and lamentations to those whose dear ones were never heard of again—of frightful memories to the few but* vivors. We were tossing in mid-ocean, in a gale of wind and rain suoh as I had never seen or dreamed of on land, when the vessel sprang aleak. , . , " Man the lifeboats I" was the captain s order, ringing out even in tbe midst of the noise of the elements. It was a gallant crew. Swiftly, with won derful method and discipline, his command was obeyed. But one was fonnd unseaworthy, and the crowd of terrified passengers more than filled tbe others. One's chance for life would be slim indeed! Was it in the body or the spirit I should spend the Christmas Eve I had promised with my cruel darling ? I helped a few frightened women into the boat, then turned to think of self- preservation. I fonnd a life-preserver, fastened it on, and lasbed myself to a loose spar, which I thought would float. Then came a heavy blow on my head—I knew not from whence—a sensation of pain and numbness, and the world of sea and sky was blotted out. I knew no more. Moments of partial consciousness, followed by lapses into my former state, aw the dim recollections (that haunt mo) of this period. Nor have I ever been sure of the time that passed ere I in good measure recovered. I opened my eyes on a strange scene. I was lying on a bundle of Btraw, covered with a sheepskin j above my hrad wore the rafters of a low loghouie, and in tbe coiner of the room, on a broad, flat stone, smouldered tbe ashes of a fire. I w»*s alone, but in a few moments a fair-haired, blue-eyed girl, in an unfamiliar costume, entered. She uttered an exclamation when she encountered my look, and hastily ran to the door and called. In a moment a woman and two men entered, and stood around me, pleasure evidently painted on their faces, and talking volnbly in an unknown tongue. Pre sently the woman brought -me coffee in a wooden bowl. The salty taste was disagree- i able, but the steaming beverage seemed to revive- me, and I drank it with avidity. In their humble way, no one could be^ kinder than these poor people on whose hospitality I had thus been cast. • Weak as I was, from long exposure aud illness, it took tome time for me to realise where I was, nor, of course, have I ever learned the full details of those past weeks and days. Suffice it to say that I had at last been picked up by a Norwegian fishing- boat, and my name and nationality unknown (I chanced to nave no papers about me, even could any of tbe crew have read them), they had carried me with them, and, to the best of their ability, nursed me back to life, hewed in tbe lining of my vest I had a considerable number of banknotes, ; which, incredible as it may seem, and water soaked though they had been, were yet avail* able, ill that was on my per on was honestly returned to me, and this enabled me, though iu small measure, to repay the kindness of my hosts ere I parted from them. Beturning memory and strength bronght back to me all the past in which Bersie was concerned, aud I was seixsd with a wild desire to see her once more and fulfil my promise of spending Christmas Kvo ahh her. Already the winter was upon me, and little short of a miracle could enable mo to accomplish it But fortune favoured. I land yd the day before Christmas.' The gay crowds were thronging the streets, the hnrtmas bells 0 junding in the air, as, sadly changed in appearance, and almost overcome with a whirl of feeling, I stood that Christina* hvo upon the familiar steps, and the door yistdod to the key which all these months had lain in my pocket. I drew slightly tiside tho portiere which hung before the parlour door, and, myself un seen, gazed into the room. "But, my dear young, lady, this is surely very unwise, to say the' least" (it was the voice of the lawyer, iu whose hands I bad left my will), "to refuse a nice little property like that for a chimera! All lovers bave their quarrels, no doubt, but " "T will not toooh a penny of it," low but steadily sounded my darling's voice. I could not see her. "He promised to spend this Christmas Eve | with me," she added, dreamily, with some thing like a sob. The lawyer took a turn up and down the | room ere be replied : "Far bo it from me to deprive you of hopo, but months have olapsod | since tho loss of the veteel on which he sailod; no word has como from him. It is not credible that be bus survived. This property lies at, your command, nnditwashispurticu'arrequest j that, if ho did not return (wo must all provide in such caecB for our possible domiso), tho papers should on this special evoning bo.placod 1 in your hands." I A movement, and Bessie stood in the centre 1 of the room before mo, pale and rad, but more beautiful then ever. How my thirsty soul drank in her loveliness! • "He said, that living or dead, ho would be with mo to-night, lf .be is dead 1 drovo him to it, and I will go to him 1" ' I could wait no longer; forgetful of conse quences, I sprang in the room. With a wild cry she threw up bor arms and foil into mine, I extended to receive her. Wo bad kept our tryst. —rrbnk LeBlto 0 Paper, 