-: ?'??',. EOHOiES 6P MELBOURNE !' ' : 1 '. '' ' ; '' FBy'The Ghost:1 ' ';l';:'; ? ';Mr. Gillies 'is'lndood'a most fortunate iniliyidual'. [ ' While ' the ; Treasurers ? bf . the adjoining', colonies east and west have to tdfla-tale of,doleful[deficitB;'itho 'Victorian Minister/ of 'Finance is 'able' ^ 'paint,the nositibn of tlio! 'cabbage garden ''in the most : roseate of Hues[. 'Thejoss of bur neighbours,',' has/ been our'^ gain, and the 'bad' times '.' experienced : in New South Wales and .'Adelaide have added to the prpsperity 'bf 'Victoria' 'by . increasing' her popultitioh at their expense,! and . tluis materially: swelling bur j '(Dustbins ^eypnue.' With the , increase ,and:, the1' sayings ' effected1 at the 'expense' of the .localities' outside/the metropolis; which / were 'prp-' mised' amounts' which were .hoyer handed over .tp them, Mr. Gillies -vvas enabled tp show a' surplus or ' some ,.£350,000 of in ward a 'substantial balance to'}next year's credit.1 'But 'despite the good news he had to'1 ? impart i'in 'ihis Budget,; spe'ech; ', the Treasurer, in' comparison- with his ? prede-[ cessor,'is a1 (failure as a' financier/1 and' as 'a politician '/cannot ''be. mentioned' :iri'' the same ;breath. 'His proposed 'inpthbd ' of dealing/with the'vexedquestidn^of airij in crease 1^ tho'duty on1 ] wbblieti' ' piece ; goods' shpws h'im'td'b'e 'deypid'alike1 of . firmness arid1 statesmanlike !ability.rl'lghoring'. th!d pld 'fabW'ef ?theipld:'nian'andi his', assy he has endeavoured 'to please both- the '-^pollen; mill' prpprie;tbr'8 and the people 'engaged' in th'e1. 'manufacture' of 'rea'dy'-niade 'Clpthingp w.ith ,'the '-re8iilt 'achieved/lby1 the / oft iri'stane'ed jprbprietor'of'the dbrikey-p-helhas' ple'aBedtib 'orie.'-- The; mill bwiierrs,!/wh'b' asked 'for /an!. increase 'of' duties1'/ on ',; 'their mitnufactures1, which; would- /have brought1 them ' to soinettiing ' iike i-150 :p'er ? .'cent-J -ad} ualbrem;have'bbtainfid a paltry ^concession ,of 5 percent.'/wh'ile^he clothing ^actdries '?have'beon''protected''tp the saine ambuntiJ The. 'working 'man,' -that mysterious entity [air [Ministries1 appear so deairp'us of placating will ''therefore 'have/ a' few shillings 'added to the1 price of the requisite articles of dress; arid ' will ;be no better pleased than either of the other twp classes. The first Btraying frcm the paths [of-1 free trade he has- for so many years : steadily trodden''1, will assuredly not be a pleasant experience to Mr. Gillies, arid ? should -his paltering with ' principles alienate those who in the past have been lia staunchest' friends, the Treasurer1 will have only 'his own -vacillation and want of brmness tb blame. The pperatives' ein-' plpyed/ in the clothing factories 'have al ready [met and placed their disapproval' of the now departure :of the latest- convert [to protection' on' record; ; and ' the [ 'merchants, ? bankers, ? 'and others,' are ?' not better; 'pleased with ' ? the 'now fisoal '' proposals. As a : cbncessibn to the 'farming ;??; and ' pastoral iriterests, the duty on woolpacks and rabbit proof ; fencing^ wire is to be reduced, arid/ the miners are1 to be' made happy by an annual ' prospecting' vote 0^80,000. But despite all these attempts to 'nobble' the' [country, the Government is not popular/ and there is a generally prevalent opinion, iwhich the debut of the Premier as' a Budget speech maker has served to intensify, that [the present head of the Government is not ?' the right man in the right place.' As a debater, Mr. Gillies is facile priheeps the foremost man in the Assembly. As an \ administrator he cuts but a very sorry .figare. '; '' : ? '? /-; ? ?'?? ' ? ' . ??_ The unannounced visit of a -French corvette cf war that made its appearance in Hebson's Bay on Tuesday, and anchored within pistol : shot ' of the Cerberus before anyone was aware the vessel iuatt even - passed tne utway, ? or entered the heads, shows how easily a hostile' ship can run the gauntlet of the batteries at Port Phillip Heads. .Per haps now that the ease with which an enemy's ship can run up the Bay, without even a pilot,' has been made ; plain, the Vic torian defence Department will see the wisdom of being guided by the advice of experts who are of opinion that to strengthen the naval force of this colony is the best and most efficient way of securing immunity from attack. Had the Guichen come into port' a few months ago, when we were suffering from ona of our periodical war scares, arid the channels were full of terpedpes and 'cpntact' mines,the corn niader niight— had he not been blown to pieces — have seen the folly of tempting 'providence the way he did. Some of our public men, who ought to be in a position -to form a correct judgement, have indirectly no very exalted opinipn pf the cpmmercial merality at present in vegiio in Victoria. Colonel Sargood; who, as ' a sof t- gbodsuian' has himself been behind the [scenes allegro, during the debate in the 'Cbunoil on the Drawback's Bill, that 'the [dread bf prosecution for perjury will kill jthe ' intercolonial trade in ready made clothing,' leaving his hearers to draw the [conclusion that while the process of grossly [underating the exports of ' coats' and trousers manufactured in Flinders Lane ?was conducted on the '.old Laissex Faire 'lines — it throve' because there was no. danger of false declarations being jsneetea -some to tnpse indulging in yaw jmethod: of defrauding the . revenue. [Perhaps, though, ' the morals of softgoods' men are different from '-those of ordinary ; (mortals. 'In! Mr. Berry's - halcyon, day b. 1 lit' ? used to ' be; an 'article of'' belief lauiong ' the people' that the manufactories [of Flinders Lane were [sinks of iniquity/ they 'were looked- at' 'askance/ and' their owners oredited with all the sins in the Decalogue, and half a dozen others intothe ? bargain.1 .Since- the' departures of- the Agent-General non's ovons change' tout'cela^ and it is somewhat of ^''npvelty '-'therefpr'e tohearof^the 'i.ways'that are'dark'''.in(the' palatialiwarehousesibf the'!bity,'and' all the i jmoro surprising (.when the 'charge is. made1 (by-^one'wholknows'.V-/^ i'mm^-' oi J'.i-j:» -..tl -Mr.- Berry's -'entrancelinto'the'ranks^of i the /'/titled gentry , of ihe kingdom' hii3 evidently not improved his temper. With till his'blushirig honours thick upon him he has laid his lance in rest, and, as behoves a gallant ', Knight, run,, a tilt at the daugh'ty Sir .Saul. Sainiiel,' the Agent Gerier'al, .of 'Now South Wales. ' The onlpokers, must', have '. been vastly amused /at : the- sight of the author of ' broken ' heads 'and houses in flames' huriing defiance at his burly rival ; but it is „ a [pity ..[nevertheless that the pbttyv.jealousnuB8 that exist in the colonies, should be revived at tha antipo ues. ,;.nie little ^upisode pt-tho two knights, Sir, Graham Berry and Sir, Saul Samuel 'slangs-changing' each other at a festive gathering is hardlycalculated to raise us in ,tho estituation bf pur lioine friends, arid, it, is much to be regretted that the two' gontlemun should liave washed their dirty linen in public. , Hitherto the people of Grea^Britain have known little, or if they knew anything have 'eared but Hfcfclo for the., colbnies, and/ it is. therefore a great pity, that. just as their attentipn is being uauou , lu i i-no , ouwymg portions oi Jicr Majesty's possessions they should learn that our,'statesmenT7-save.[tho mark ! — are jealously narrow. minded,, and that conti guous'., provincoB .[are .divided , by hostile, tariffs and still more- foolish local quarrels. l';The|, proposal to/ establish a colonial, museum.in London is [one that Bhould as jsuredlyZ/firid, favour in Australia. Wo i have numerous pbject8,.[wliich would cer ' tainly .' prpve ? attractive , to the sight i Bpers,., ,of 'i'.,tho ,.old, country. Wo might jdiBplay our Victorian, tweeds and woollen imanufactures'as, an .instance of what ten 1 years pf. a,prptectipn tariff, has achieved, j Wp,.might;re',quest jour Agent-General to iexhibit himself,[ in order tp let people at home, judge of |the, material out of which we manufacture ourpopulnr idols ; and an iattrac£ive '? exhibit' could bp composed of Messrs., Gaunson and Bent, the twin ob structives, , who would, let British politi cians. see that we have bettered the exam ple of Messrs., Parnell,' Sexton, and Co., ?arid have/no need te take the advice pf pur lAmerican Cousin's when we desire to :'i render Parliament a laughing-stock.' i July 24.:. .,'.. . , ? 