A ROYAL SPANISH WEDDING. The marriage ceremonial of royalties is (says an American paper) always in teresting, and the marriage of the Infanta Dona Eulalie of Spain to her cousin, the Infante Don Antonio, son of the Duke of Montpensier, at clier Chapel Royal in Madrid, gives actuality to the text of the mairiage office used on the occasion. The first question was ad dressed to the bride, " Your Highness Dona Marie Eulalie Frangoise of Bour bon,. Infanta of Spain— j'our Highness is aware that you are here to be united and married to His Highness thelnfante Don Antonio Louis Philippe Marie of Orleans and Bourbon concerning which marriage His Holiness has removed the objections raised on account of parentage of different degree of con sanguinity and other causes. It re mains now for your Highness to say whether you know of any other reason for which this marriage contract should not be entered upon — tbat is to say, whether there exists between 3rour Highness and the said Infante Don Antonio Louis Philippe Marie of Or leans any other relationship ; whether you have given your word to any other man ; whether you have made vows of chastity or religious pledges; or whether you know of any natural obstacle which might oppose the validity of this mar riage of 3our own free will and desire ? Your Highness will declare, this on vour faith and your royal word." Cardinal Ceferino Gonzalez, Archbishop of Seville, who performed the ceremony, accompanied by his clergy, gave then the Bishop's crook into the hands of the attendant priest, and said : " Your Highness Dona Marie Eulalie Frangoise of Bourbon, Infanta of Spain — I request your Highness, and also you your High ness Don Antonio Louis Phiiippe Marie of Orleans and Bourbon, to tell me whether you know of any obstacle whv this marriage should or should not be contracted, or why it could not be valid or legitimate — that is to say, you are to make manifest whether you know of any other obstacles besides those which His Holiness has removed : I make this same request to you who are here pre sent. For the second and third time I request you that if you know of such any obstacle, you are to make it known openly." Addressing himself again to the bride, the Archbishop continued, " Your Highness Dona Marie Eulalie Frangoise of Bourbon, Infanta of Spain, will you take for your legitimate hus band, as it is commanded by the Hoty Roman Catholic and Apostolic Church, His Highness the Infante Don Antonio Louis Philippe Marie of Orleans and Bourbon ?" Before replying, Her Royal Highness kissed the hands of her parents, and on the question being re peated, she answered, "Yes, I will. " Then the Archbishop proceeded : "Does your Highness give yourself as wife to His Highness the Infante Don Antonio Louis Philippe Marie of Orleans and Bourbon ?" To which the bride answered : "Yes, I give myself." The Archbishop continued: "Does your Highness receive the said Infante Don Antonio Louis Philippe Marie of Orleans as your husband ?" "Yes, I receive him," answers Dona Eulalie. The same questions were then put to Don Antonio, who replied in the same way. After this the bride and bridegroom joined their right hands, and the patriarch, having taken his crook, said : "And in the name cf the Almighty, and the blessed Apostles Peter and Paul, and the Holy' Mother Church, I marry your Royal Highness Senora Dona Marie Eulalie, &c.;, to your Royal Highness Senor Don Antonio, &c.; ; and this bond of marriage I confirm in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost. Amen !" The Archbishop, wich crook and mitre, accompanied by his clergy, one of whom held the cross, another the aspergillus, and a third the plate on which were arranged the thirteen -coins which every Spanish woman receives ou this occasion, together with her wedding rinsr, commenced the bene diction of the coins. He then blessed the wedding- rings, puttiug one on the finger of Don Antonio, to wbotii he also gavn the other, to be given to the bride: The Archbishop then threw some coins to the bridegroom, who threw them to the bride, by whom they were put back into the plate. After tf.-.is, their Highnesses joined their right hands, followed' the Cardinal to the armchairs prepared for them on the altar stair where tbey knelt down to hear the wedding mass, which was thus ter minated : — "Nowyour Highnesses have the blessings according to the customs of the church, the advice I give you is to keep faithful to each other ; to be chaste at the time of prayer, and even more chaste duringfastsandsaints'days. May your Highnesses love each other as husbrind and wife, and may yon live in the fear of God." The Cardinal then gave the bride to the bridegroom, saying, f I give her to you for' a com- " panion. and not for a servant; may your Highness love her as Christ loves His church." The benediction "closed theceremnny. Tie Happinkbs op Millions — On what does the; happiness of populations or indi vidu-.ls depend? On that inestimable blessing —Health. Onght it not then to be the study of: every Colonist to ascertain for himself the best meaue by which this priceless boon, once attained, can be for ever preserved? The 'answer mast be in the affirmative. - A large 'number of Colonists in Victoried are aware th'at there is a medicine which not only wards off Disease, bat rapidly cares all maladies ! that occur there, and actually prolongs life. This invaluable medicine is Freeman's Original and Genuine Ghlorodyne, which cures and arrests, in their very earliest stages, all the diseases that happen, not only in Victoria, bat in all the Australian Colonies, Insist upon having "Freeman's" only. Trade mark, an Elephant.— Wholesale Agents or Victoria, Rooke, Tompsitt and Co., and btainable rom all chemists. „ Colonial Maladies. — The Colonists o Victoria .are to be congratulated on two grounds.: First, that, they inhabit a land | where disease, as a rule, prevails in a mild and curable form, and seoondly, because the majority have ready to hand a remedy that does away with the doctor and medioine chest. This important Medicine was discovered by Mr Riehara Freeman in 1814, and named by him Chlorodyne, which medicine continnes to maintain it3 supremacy all over the World as a special andepecifio remedy for the tieatment and cure of Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholerine, Malaise, Hysteria, Pain of every kind, Ner vous affeotion, Goat, Asthma, Consumption. Oongh, Colds and fever. Insist npon having " Ereemans" only. Trade maik, an Ele chant. — Wnoless ! Agents for Victor! 