ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (Byi Tun nrGos'r.) This week has witnessed a nunbler of leave-takings, a number of prominent Vic torians having taken their departure for longer or shorter periods to the mnother country. Mr. Berry departs by the mail steamer to enter into possession of his "billet" as Agoat-General; Dr. L. L. Smith goes home to air his title of "honousr able" at the Indian and Colonial Exhi bition; and Sir James M'Culloeh leaves us it is understood, never more to return. Were the two first-named gentlemen quit ting us with the same announcement, that their farewell was an eternal one, their exit from the colony would doubtless have been more noticed than it has been under the presont circumstances. But "the doctor" only contemplates being away for four months; and Mr. Berry, unless the present depressed condition of the mother country introduces him to the congenial atmosphere of "broken heads and houses in flames," will most assuredly return once more to lead " the great Liberal party," when politicians once more crystallise into two distinct parties, and eoalititions are numbered with the things of the past. -Meanwhile the late Chie Secretary has been " banquetted" and " testimonialised." Strange to say the gentleman who pre sided at the farewell dinner is the Chair man of the Chamber of Commerce. The motives that induced Mr. llythe to occupy this position are to ordinary mortals so inscrutible, that it is hardly a matter for surprise that a number of contradic tory reasons should have been offered, accounting for his presence in the chair. Some persons affirm that delight at getting rid, even for three years, of the gentleman who consistently did his level best during his entire career to set class against class and depreciate the credit of the colony, accounted for the chairman's presence, while others assert that the Chairman of the Chamber of Commerce was sent by his colleagues to be able to bear testimony to the fact that the author of the settled policy of Victoria, had really left for good and all. Be this as it may, the exit of Mr. Berry was, despite the presence of the dozen aboriginals from Corranderk, brought down to speed the parting guest, hardly of a triumphant kind. The paltry sum of .0400 was all that could be collected, despite the " whip up " of the civilservice, and "the working classes," whose special champion the late member of Geelong has always constituted himself, contented them selves with estimating the honourable gentleman's services at their true worth,and presenting him with-nothing. "Doctor" L. L. Smith's departure was scarcely less inglorious. Some 200 busybodies, presided over by a nobody, entertained the honor able gentleman at a banquet in tile Mel bourne Town Hall. The affair was chiefly remarkable from the fact that not one of his colleagues in a former Ministry put in an appearance at the banquet l Sir James M'Culloch, the last of the departing trio of celobrities, is to be allowed to go without either being feted or fed. Yet at one period of our history-the troublous times of the Darling grant and the dead lock--he wielded at will a fierce democracy, and was the terror of "bankers, merchants, and others." Were anyone inclined to moralise, what a theme would the evanescent character of popular fame afford I Every day that passes renders it clearer that a large proportion of the time of the approaching session of Parliament will be taken up in repairing the legislative blunders of its immediate predecessors. A very short experience of the Local Option and the Factories Act has shown the many defects of both measures, and proved beyond doubt their utter inadequacy to effect the objects aimed at by their framers. At the instance of the temperance party the local option clauses of the new Licensing Bill have received a trial. Tile result has shown beyond doubt that from a teetotallers point of view the act is a mistake. In the five localities selected by the advocates for a reduction in the number of licensed houses, the voting was inoperative, as less than aii third of the persons on the roll neglected to poll their votes, while in two places the number of licensed houses was actually increased by the plebiscite. As the battle grounds for a trial of strength were selected by tihe tomperance party, it is safe to anticipate that on the first oppor tunity an effort will be made by that section of the community to amend what at present looks very like an abortive piece of legislation. The fight in regard to the Scots' Church affair still rages with all its old intensity, but the heresy hunters are determined to have all the sport incidental to that excit ing pastime all to themselves, and have therefore conducted their proceedings with closed doors. The reports of the sayings and doings of this novel Presbyterian inquisition, which have appeared in the Melbourne newspapers, are doubtless toned down by their reverend concoctors, but they are nevertheless of a character to indicate that although the chief oppo nent of the reverend Mr. Dods declined when brought to the scratch to formulate any distinct accusations, and contented himself with uttering vague charges which lie brought forward no evidence to substantiate, the reverend divines who compose the Melbourne Presbytery are de termined to drive their liberal brother out of the Presbyterian fold. Unable to bring forward any of his utterances, they have fallen back on the sermons delivered in 1884-85, and remitted to a committee the task of discovering in the discourse de livered in the pulpit, matter for framing anindictmenta gainst the chosen minister of the "loyal" portion of the Scots' Church congregat.ion, Whether they will succeed in achieving thb object Messrs. Raintoul. M'Eachern, and Co. have at heart remains to be seen. Up to the present the search after unorthodoxy has not been successful, and the fact that Dr. Mlorrison has run away from his own resolutions renders the proceedings a triumph for Mr. Dods. But he will nevertheless not be allowed to accept the "call" of the congregation. Unable to urge any valid reason for the course they are pursuing, the Melbourne Presbytery will follow it without assigning any reason at all. Sic vole, sic jlbco is ever the motto of brute force. The "fourth estate" has never on any previous occasion been so strongly repre sented in any Government as it is in the present. Messrs. Deakin, Dow, and Pear son were, until they accepted portfolios, members of the Age staff; Mr. D. M. Davies is one of the proprietors of the Daily Telcgraph, and Mr. Walker is a brother of the late editor of that goody goody journal. The appellation of the Newspaper Government bestowed on the present Administration by one of the wags of the Assembly possesses, therefore, a good deal of truth. Tihe announcement that the Imperial Government have been in communication with the Agents-General of the Australian coronies with reference to sending out as many of the unemployed of the mother country as we are willing to receive, has not created the alarm which was expected. Experience has shown that a large popula tion is essential to the progress of these sparsely peopled corners of the earth, and the " masses" have not been slow to profit by the teachings of the past. No public meetings have yet been he'd to protest against the contemplated action of the Gladstone Ministry. Whether this quies cent attitude on the part of " the working man" will last remains to be seen. M[arch 28, 