sfteccber. The Lost Bear Unnters. CHAPTER I. It was December in the early part of the present century. The winter had commenced in good earnest, althought the fall of enow was less than usual in Canada. Time hae wrought changes in the district of London, Ontario, since then. At the date of our story it was very thinly peopled; the settlements were few and far between. Facilities for emigration were few; there were no steam ships to bridge the Atlantic; railroads had not been dreamed of; the British government were less liberal with land-grants, and there were fewer inducements for that varied enter prise which is now making the wilderness to blossom as the rose. Some gentlemen “ in reduced circum stances,” whom necessity had driven to seek to repair their fortunes in the land of deep snows and long winters, had obtained posses sion of large tracts of land, which they sought to 1st at a very low rental to the poorer class of settlers, in order to found for themselves or their successors extensive estates as landed proprietors after the English model. Mr. T- held one of these extensive tracts, almost equal to a modern-sized county in dimensions. Among the few who accepted his terms as settlers were John Howay and Thomas Nowlan. Howay was an English man by birth, and had been some years in Canada. Nowlan was an American, and had spsnt the whole of his life sb a backwoods man, which means that he was inured to all kinds of dillicultios and dangers, and that he was not lacking in the ordinary resources of a man who had spent his best years in the wilds. Howay, though a young man, was past the middle age. ‘ Early one December morning Howay started from iiis log hut for a day at wood-cutting. Besides his axe, be had his gun and his dog Lion. He soon discovered the tracks of three beam, which they traced to a large tree three miles distant. Bears are not comfortable neighbors; and cows and sheep and pigs are not safe within their reach; besides whiah, their skins could be utilised for various pur posee; while, if young, their flesh would prove an acceptable (addition to the winter's stock of food; and, moreover, the fat, if not sold for bear's grease, would be useful for many other purposes. Perhaps it was his eagerness to seoure one of tho bears, or even all three, B3 his own prize, whiah led him on to immediate attack, instead of returning to the settlement for help, as he should have done. He began, 1 therefore, at onoe to out down the tree. But as the treo was at least sixteen feet in cir eumferenco, this was no light work, It was needful, too, that he should Keep a goad look out, in ctu-0 his movements should disturb tha bears. This lie began to do, but, slackening his attention, l.u was presently put on the alert by the fall of a large pieco of bark. Looking up into the tree he discovered, to his no small consternation, the largest of the bears descending the tree, tail foremost. Tho appearance o£ tho bear warned him to pre pare for the worst; so putting down his are, ho soized his gun, with the intention of firing. Second thoughts, however, led him to hesi tate. He might wound but not kill the ani mal, nnd so exasperate him, and increase his o.vn danger. tYniio ho was thus deliberat ing, the bear had nearly reached the ground, when tho dog set up such a furious barking that the bear worked swiftly up the tree again. Oa reaching the top of the trunk where the limbs branched out, ho paused, and turning round, survoyed both man and dog with a fierceness which was truly alarming. Iloway wished now that he had sought the help of his neighbours, for his position seemed moro and moro perilous, llillying his courage, however, he Beized his gun, and lodged a ball in the animal’s neck, which brought him lifeless to the ground.^ But, strange to say .this success rather excited tho fears than stimulated the courage of Howay. Ho could not make sure of killing the others, and in turn he might bo their prey. Instead, therefore, of felling the tree, he made the beBt of his way to call in the aid of some neighbors. He returned with two men, three dogs, and another axe. Tne tree was soon cut through, but in falling, it struok against another, and broke off just about the middle, at the identi cal part where the bears had stationed them selves. Stunned and confused, tha animals ran so close to one of the men that he actually put the muzzle of his gun close to tho shoulder of tho lnrg ir bear, and lodged two balls in its body. The other made off and escaped un hurt, while tho dogs engaged the wounded one until ho shook them off with their flesh badly torn. It was now nearly sunset, aud the men re turned to their homes for the night. The next morning, Iloway was again on the track of the bears, having now ouly one companion, Thomas Nowlan. They wero provided each with a rifle, an axe, about fix charges of powder, and bread and meat sufficient for one meal, hoping to be back before nightfall. The manner of hunting bears in Canada is that o£ tracking their footsteps through tho snow to their winter retreats; and the knowledge that these tracks sometimes taka the banter forty or even fifty miles from his starting-point, should have forewarned tha men to havo been better provisioned, know ing also that their return most bo on their own footprints, and that if there should come a thaw, or a snowfall, they would be left with out a trail of any kind. The 12th December passed, and the adven turous huntsmen did not return. The next day, and the next, eame and whent in like manner, and still they did not appear; the only tidings of them being that about two o’clock on the 12th they had been observed crossing a river, which, in accordance with the name of London given to the district, i called the Thames. It is a conaiderabl river, and flows in a direction south-west-by west iuto lake St. Clair. Their friends and neighbours now became alarmed, and concluded that they had perished with hunger and cold, or had been killed by the wounded bear. A son of the proprietor of the district, under whom some of them held their farms and lots, therefore assembled a large party of the Fettlers pertaining to the townships of London and Nassouri, with the purpose of seoking the lost men. They doubted not, however, that they had fallen a prey to the weather, even if they had escaped harra from the bears, for the cold was intense, their clothiDg was slight for tho winter sea son, they had no tinder box, and were en tirely without means of any kind to protect them from tho severity of the weather. The party in quest prepared themselves iu every way for their hazardous uudertakiug. They stocked themselves with provisions, pocket compasses, trumpets, abundance of ammuni tion, sufficient clothing, and the. apparatus for lighting fires; and, in addition, they took with them some of the best dogs in the country. There wa3 one thing which added to their difficulties—a thaw had taken place, and the snow had wholly disappeared from. the ground, excepting in low and swampy situa tions. They had, therefore, no tracks what ever, and no idea of the direction the lost men might have taken, only the hint obtained from the men who had seen them crossing the river on the day of their departure. They had, as a consequence, no very sanguine hopes of finding them. They continued their search, however, for two days, exploring thousands of acres forest and swamp, where they saw uo trace of tho foot of man. . Giving up all hopo of finding them, either living or dead— for they had not once come upon their track —the party returned home.. There was one consideration which tended to mitigate the distress of the situation, to render the event less distressing than it might have been; the men bad no family, so far as was known, to mourn their loss, or to suffer by their death; it was simply the neighbours who were grieved by the sad an painful end which they eonoluded Howay and Nolan had come to. . Thus day following day, and Constrnas morning dawned. Young Mr. T-was just in the aot of despatching messengers to take an inventory of the property of the lost men, when the news reached him that they had re turned a few hours before, alive, but in a con dition of the most utter wretchedness. As soon as possible, therefore, he went to see them, being anxious to know for himself that they were really alive, and to hear from them an account of their adventures and sufferings. It was a sight no one need wish to see, nor, having once seen, to behold a second time, They wero spectacles of woe and misery and wretchedness almost beyond description— their garments torn, their countenances emaci ated, their eyes sunk, tbeir fleBh wintered away, and their whole appearanoe more like speotres than living men. They wero only tha ghosts of their former selves, and to con verse with them seemed like holding intercourse with the spirits of the _ de parted. Their privations and sufferings had been so great, that the record of them seems more like romance than sooer history ; their protracted endurance was so astonish ing, and their deliverance so remarkable, that it may be alike interesting and profit able to listen to a relation of their adven tures. 