USEFUL HINTS FOR GARDEN, GREENHOUSE, & c ., FOR FEB- RUARY, ^ [BY A SUBUBBAN RESIDEKT.] THE OPEN BORDERS. It is to be hoped that a very long time will pass by ere we are again subjected to such a long spell of dry sultry weather as has characterized the last month, and the season generally since November. Strange to say, vegetation has not suffered as severely as one might have expected, and I hear that at our Botanic Gardens the deaths of plants have not been above the average for summer. Of course a lot of water is used there, but still it is not abundant enough for the large area under cultivation. The native plants, as usual, have suffered, buii this is, I think, attributable to cultivation, rather than to neglect. Had the same plants been growing in the wild bush, they would have had no more water than the heavens supplied, there would have been no spade work about their roots, and better still, the rake would not have removed all the fallen leaves and dead twigs that cumber the ground out in the bush, but which are regarded as being so unsightly in the cultivated garden, and are removed accordingly. Some people want to make me disbelieve the evidence of my own eyesight, and the observations of a lifetime, by telling me that the roots of all native plants here run deeply into the soil, when as a matter of fact, the best part of their roots remain near the surface, and are therefore injured by deep digging. The covering of loose leaves aud twigs shadss the ground, and lets the air in, which makes the soil a little bit moist and keeps the shrubs in health. Following the example that is set by nature, we should cover our flower beds with mulch, and we need not then waste so much time in watering. Next to mulching, it is best to hoe well, and keep the surface open. The Chinese gardeners always mulch and hoe, but, as they cultivate vegetables which are rank in growth, they also aid by copious waterings, even during the hottest weather and in the middle of the day. All plants that grow quickly, producing large leaves aud stems, or leaves ; .n great abundance—such as Hydrangeas, Fuchsias, gourds, &c.;—must have an abundance of water to carry the material in solution for forming the fibre. It is best always to thoroughly soak the ground twice or three times during the month than to apply three times as much water in a number of daily sprinklings. A few hardy annuals should now be sown in pans or boxes in a sheltered place, to be ready for planting out at the earliest opportunity, so as to get the first flowers of the season. Some hardy nerennialB or biennials may also be put in for the same purpose. Beds ought now to be roughly prepared for future planting. It may be necessery to explain th a terms "hardy" and " tender" applied to the capacity of plants to live through frosty weather, and they have no reference to their heat-resisting qualities. A plant may be a "perfect salamander" in summer, and yet be described as "very tender" in the plant catalogues, because it is killed at 32® Fahr. Portulacas, Gomphrenas, Zinnias, Celoslas, Amaranths, French and African Marigolds, and a few others of the most popular autumn favourites can be purchased as young plants in pots at the seed shops. The pots almost always contain just twelve seedlings, so that at a shilling per dozen we may decorate our gardens to the extent of our surplus cash. Prepare the beds for sowing seeds upon several days before sowing, by making them fine and level, giving them a watering every day. ThiB will bring up all weeds, develop any eggs of slugs and wood lice, and make the soil mellow and fit for the reception of the flower-seeds. For the main so wing of hardy annuals next month and the following three months will do. Ths weather is too hot and dry upon the plains; but amongst the hills and in localities 1,000 feet above sea level, a larger number can with advantage be put in. Being a Suburban Resident, I am very apt to write from my own levei over the sea, which is about 100 feet. Last month's plantings of autumn annuals must be mulched if possible, and certainly need frequent watering, or a very liberal drenching twice a week. Those plants that are in flower should be attended to often. As soon as the flowers loose their freshness they should be cut off, as this will make the plants last longer, keep more vigour, and produce more and better flowers. It is the production and maturation of seeds which exhausts the vitality and strength of plants, so that it is both neat and serviceable to take away the dead flowers before seeds have been formed. Bud roses, but give a good soaking to both bud-furnisher and stocks before attempting the work, for the sap must be rising and the plant must be making growth before any bud will be fit for removal or any stock ready for its reception. The ties upon work recently done should be loosened, and if any buds have made growth enough, they must be secured against blowing off by tying on a splint embracing the new growth and the old stock. Remove suckers from stem and roots; and protect the stems of tall standards against the rays of the sun. Roses must have plenty of water to make them thrive. SurpluB stock from the shadehouse and greenhouse can be utilised either by planting out or by plunging the pots to the rim in the beds. It is usual to plant out varigated Pelargoniums in autumn for a few weeks; and some of the Coleuses, Zonale Pelargoniums, and even NaBturtinmB and many other plants. I have often seen nice beds of Pansies, Violets, Hydrangeas, Fuchsias, and other favourites growing in the open borders, with a little shelter on the north-western side. Wideawake gardeners are now quietly slipping into the seedshops and selecting the best of the new importations of bulbs, corms, tubers, and roots. Those who come after do not find so large a lot to select from. There have been some splendid importations this year—as there were last. Make layers of Carnations and the rest of tribe of Dianthus if they are good enough. Layers of any other plants may also be made now. Only 'such as are difficult to strike from cuttings are worth this trouble. Nearlv all plants can be rooted from cuttings if the proper method is adopted. The beautiful Oleander will not miss more than one per cent, if cuttings are planted in sand, but if planted in earth there will be a lot of failures. When a nurseryman wishes to root Oleanders he bends a lot of the stems down, cuts a nick on the nnder side of the bent part, and covers the loop with earth. After a considerable time he cuts off the connection with the parent stem, and then digs up the rooted layers. This is how "lajers are made. Pentstemons, Camellias, Bouvardias, Lantanas, Magnolias, Tecomas, and some others are rooted by layering; but almost any plant can be struck from cuttings. Make cuttingsas a rule just below a joint, cut straight through, not slautwise, and see that the bottom end of the cutting is firmly close to the soil. Try a piece of quite new wood, a piece of old wood, and a piece of new wood with a small slice of old wood at the bottom. One or other— perhaps all—will be likely to take root. Dahlias and Hoiyhocks need plenty of water, some liquid manure, and a stake to keep them upright against the wind. Convolvulues and Ipomceas also want water and a little weak liquid manure at the roots. The "Morning Glory" is worthy of more cultivation than it gets in this country. All climbing plants want to be helped, else they will get all over the place. The last mentioned as well as the Bongairvilleas present a most beautiful appearance when trained to a tall triangle, or to cover a mound of some height. I have always trimmed my evergreen plants that have done making young growths during this month, but not very heavily. If they are then watered they make a lot of young growth which gets hardy before the winter rains and the cold set in. Climbers may be trimmed on the points of the shoots—taking off a foot to four or five feet according to the plant, and removing the whole of the piece cut. If the plants are cut promiscuously, there will be a quantity of dead vegetation le(t amongst the green, which is unsightly, Tecoma australis will stand a deal of ill-usage with the knife; and so will Jasmine, and Kennedya rubicuda, and Bousaingaultia baseeloides. A large number of plants bear flowers only upon the new growth, amongst them being Tecomas, Habrothamnus L Jochroma, and Boagainvilleas. Others—such as Hoyas, and Banksian Roses—flower only upon the wood that was made last vear. When pruning or clipping, therefore, attention must be paid to the characteristics of the plants. In dry country, where all the water has to be carried, it is a good plan to save all the salmon tins,&c.;, makeapinhole in the bottom, sink each one bedside a plant, and keep it filled with water. A pint of water will thus last about a week, and whilst there is not a drop wasted, the plant will get enougnfto keep it in vigour. To protect some plants in such localities is a necessity, and this can be done by sticking in a bough to the northwestward, so that a slight shade may be cast upon the plant during the afternoon. Never put a fiourcask around a plant, unless several of the BtaveB are knocked out, and then the bottom ought to be three inches above the surface, to let in air beneath. It is better to put up a few boughs or something that will let through Jots of air and light. Li it Gladioli that have done flowering and of which the flags have dried. The small and numerous bmbmes that form about the ro Jts should be saved, and planted at once in ve y rich tandy loam kept well watered. All tru j bulbi—3uch as Lilies, Amaryllires, Nerines, &c.;—ought to be left in the beds, m rked by a label to tave them from being disturbed when digging over the beds. Fully one hundred kinds of plants in flower could be named for Febiuary, notwithstanding the heat. Amongst the popular favourites are the African and French Marigolds, Anaranthe, Balsams, Eouvardias, Celosias, Carnations (&c.;), Convolvuluses, Erythrinas Gaillardias, Gomphrenas, Lautanas, Lark spurs, Marvel of Peru, Petunias, Zonale Pelargoniums, Pansies, Phloxes, Pentstemons Plumbago capensis, Russellia, Statices, Tecoma v&utina;, Verbenas, Violets, Zinnias, and a host of others. Amateurs should go through the Botanic Gardens at this time of the year with note-book in hand, and take down the names of such plants as they would, like to possess. Prepare land for new plantations. It should be trenched at leas t twenty inches deep, without disturbing the relative positions of* the layers of soil—that is, the surface should remain on top, and not be thrown into thebottom of the trench. If there is a- large piece to be trenched, it would be well to dig holes 2 ft. x 2 ft. where the shrubs are to be planted, in order to get the soil in a mellow condition by the time the planting season arrives. A large number of flowering shrubs could be mentioned that ought to be found in most gardens, bnt such a list would be necessarily controlled by the size of the garden. For a small cottage garden the following are almost indispensable:—Shrubs over three feet high Abutilons (Chinese Lanterns), Daturss, J£rythirnae (coral flowers), Fabiana imbricata Habrothamnus fasciclaris (False Fuchsia,), Iochromas, J usticia Adhatoda, Lantaoa**. Nerium Oleander, Sparmannia africana, Tamarix gallica, Tecomas, Veronicas, Viburnums. Shrubs of a dwarf habit—Ageratum, Anchusa capensis, Antirrhinums, Bouvardias, Chamomillas, Chrysanthemums, Cupheas, Diplacus, Gaillardias, Plumbago, Pyrethrums, Russellia juncea, Tansy (Achillea millefolium), veronisas, ana Zauschneria californica. Keep the lawn well mown now, and give plenty of water, with an occasional top dressing of stable litter (taking out the Ions; straw) - or of nitrate of soda, or superphosphate^ ot guano, or bonedust. Little and often is the best plan in applying soluable commercialmanures. If the liquid from the stable or - cowhouse could be used, diluted with four to six times its bulk of water, it would makethe grass very luxuriant. THE GBEEXHOUSE. Pelargoniums of all sorts should be cut back and kept rather dry for a time, repotting into small pots. After new growth his recommenced the plants should have more water, and be gradually worked up into the larger pots again. The Zonale varieties (commonly called " Geraniums") may be cut back at any time, and as they flower in about three months after, it can be arranged to have them in flower at any time. Young plants of all Pelargoniums produce the largest and brightest flowers, and it is best to put in' cuttings now, which will make nice plants by next spring. They may be started any (rhere ( but the proper place is in a frame. Cape Heaths are now coming into blossom*' and should be brought in, to lengthen the period of flowering. The soil must be kept just damp—not wet, and certainly not dry. Camellias must not be overwatered, nor any, shrub of a similar habit of growth—that is, producing small, hard wooded growth, of which plants the Erica, Azalea, &c.;, are the types. Coleuses want a good deal of water, and a little weak liquid manure. Keep' them pinched in at the points, to make-them dwarf and dense in growth, and strike aa many cuttings as may be needed. Fuchsias should be cut back as soon as the voung shoots have ceased to grow and have become solid and woody. Cut down to two buds, and keep the plants rather dry until they commence to grow, again, then give a little more water and increase as growth proceeds. Then a little liquid manure, and pot up into larger pots. Nip the points off when about five or six inches long, and by this means induce lateral shoots to break out. Cuttings znay be rooted now, and it will be found that the new plants produce the best flowers. Chrysanthemums may still be struck, either Bingly in the centre of a sixinch pot, or by placing four or five cuttings around the edge of a similiar pot. The first will make a specimen plant, like a miniature tree; the others will make a pot fall of flowers. In both cases the points of the shoots must be nipped out after the plants are high enough, ror the number of cuttings the height ought not to exceed eight inches, but the other may be sixteen—six for stem and the rest for branches. Tuberous-rooted Begonias must not be neglected. These wUl be the greatest favourites in all our gardens, as they are so hardy and so handsome. Keep every part of the bouse clean, and do not allow dead leaves to remain, as they " breed" thrips and other pests. Good ventilation is also necessary and it is a great error to overcrowd plants. Each plant ought to have a clear space around it, aud it would be better to destroy some of the extra plants than to overcrowd them. The best use for extra plants is to plunge them in the open beds of the garden. Hanging baskets must be taken down, twice or three times a week, and " ducked" for three minutes in a tub of water. The Crytodeiras make most beautiful hanging plants. THE SHADEHOUSE. The shadehouse ought to be the most usef at and most pleasant part of every garden. If it has a good thick wall on the northern side to break the strength of the hot winds,, a very large number .of the. most valued plants can be grown in the beds of the shadehouBe—such as liardv ferns, Camellias* Strelitzias, Violets, Lily of the Valley* Solomon's Seal, Fuchsias, Cactic, Pansies, Lilies, Primulas, Foxgloves, Daisies,. Stephanotis, Hoyas Auriculas,. Vincas, Amaryllids, &c.; If a suitable mound or rockery were built, with a pond at its foot, it could be covered with ferns, and a .lot of aquatic plants could be raised in the water, with fish swimming about in it. The house ^ could be supplied with watercresses and with. the most tender salad plants if the aesthetic taste of the owner were sufficiently blunted. to allow of such an innovation, and. the liverregulating tomato might be kepit as a perennial source of . delight. Here in weather that ia : hot, he can sit and listen to the'trickling of the rills amongst the ferns, and forget all the unpleasantness of tne outer world -whilst sitting in this cool retreat. Fuchsias, Pelargoniums, and other plants that are at rest.should be brought in here to be nursed into new growth; Chrysanthemums would be better outside, plunged in sawdust; Ericas and other plants coming into flower should be removed to the greenhouse, where they will keep longer in bloomi. Weeds should be destroyed now, and all pots should be plunged in sand or sawdust THE STOVEHOUSE. Give air as much as possible and -keep the shading when the sun is out. The temperature must be kept down to between 65° F. and 70° F., by the use of the spray. If the floors .are kept always damp, and the plants and whole house get a frsquent sprinkling, the heat can be reduced. The hardiest plants can be .removed into the preenhonee, such as Achimenes, Gloxinias, Gesneras, Tjdaias, Crofcons. Dieffenbaehias, and Marantas. Caladiums will want a little weak liquid manure. Crotons, Dracaenas, Dieffenbachias, Palmas, and . other hard foliaged plants will want to be washed with softsoap in lukewarm water to destroy thrips,, red spider, &c.; Use a soft sponge, and wash after with clean warm water. Do not let in any draught for an hour after washing. Never allow the hot winds to enter from the north side of the house. THE FERITEET. Keep the air continually moist by wetting the floors and syringing overhead. As the silver, gold, and black-powdered ferns are spoiled by having too much wet upon their fronds, they should be kept in a place by. themselves, and water should be given liberally at their roots. Open the ventilators oh the lee side of the house, where the wind cannot blow directly. Repot any ferns that • have put their roots through to the sides of the pots; also save any seedlings that may be wanted, They should first be pricked out into boxes or pans, and then planted into pots when large enongh. Take care to shade the plants against the direct rayB of the sun, which will otherwise scorch up the fronds. PITS AND THAMES. Fill all available space with cuttings of plants needed to fill up vacancies, and toreplace worn-out plauts. Most young plants give larger and brighter blossoms than are given upon old plants. Sow seeds of Auricula, Calceolaria, Cineraria, Cyclamen, Echeveria, Gloxinia, Mimulus, Pansy, Petunia, Primula, Pelargoniums, and other plants that need a little protection. "Say, waiter, this turbot is rank. "HumphT' "It's not fresh." "Can't say, sir, I've only been here a week." A young dramatist brines a manuscript to the Manager of a theatre—" Listen!" said the latter. "I haven't time to read all that. Explain to me the subject of the piece 1" "Ifs an original work in four acts!"' " re®, yes; very good; tell me of what it treats ?' " Well, in the prologae the grandfather and grandmother are poisoned." " Well-and then T "In the first act they assassinate the son !" " Good; go on!" "In the second act they strangle the •window." "Not bad—and then V "In the third act they throw the biby out of the window." "Ah, but who is left to play the fourth act?' "Aha! the ghosts of the victims— didn't I tell you it was original V COMPARISONS ARE ODIOUS.—" Say! wouldn't yon have done the very same thing under the circumstances T queried Walter Britton, as he toed the mark. "I am not on trial," replied the Court. " I know it, but s'nosen you had a wife who was always pecking at you?' " Prisoner, there is no suoposiag to thin case. You are charged with drunkenness and disorderly conduct." "I expect I am, Jad„'?, but se3 here. S'posen you went home at night a-tar a hard day's work, and your wife." " Prison ;r!" " Judge, s'posen your wife met you at the door and called you bad names as fast as her tongue cmld fly ? S'posen" " Prisoner, are you guilty or not guilty ?'; " 3 udge, s'posen you were in my placa, bow would you pleadT "I find you guilty and sentence ou for thirty days." "You do, eh? Now, Judge, ? wouldn't do that bv you! S'posen your wife should—" " Bemove him!" He was removed, but he retired supposing.—Detroit Free Press. 