THE HAUNTED NURSERY. ( Continued ) BY FLORENCE MARRYATT. (To be continued.) I thought at first it was some little dog shut out from its rightful home, and I was further persuaded in the idea by hearing the pattering of soft little feet on the polished oak planking that ran on each side of the stair carpet, , I am very fond of animals, and I pitied the poor little.beast that was evi dently in distress. 1 ‘Charlie, Charlie,’ I exclaimed, .as I pinched my lord and master to make him wake. But Charlie had been to the theatre two nights running, and was very sleepy. ‘ What is it all about, Lily ? ’ he said, in a mullled voice. ‘ Don’t you hear that noise, Charlie— like a little dog whining outside the bed-, room, door? Do get up and see what it is.’ ‘ Can’t be a dog,’ replied Charlie, lazily. ‘ There isn’t one in the house.’ ‘Perhaps it belongs to the servants,’ I suggested, ‘or has been shut in the house by mistake. - Anyway,- I’m sure it’s in pain by the way, it’s crying.’ Charlie had waked this time and heard the noise. ■; 7 ' ‘ ’ i’isn’t a dog at all,’ he said. ‘ It’s a child!’ ‘ . ‘ Oh, no ! How. could a child be on the stairs?’ ‘’lisu’t on the stairs, ray darling; it’s next door. You don’t know bow thin the' walls of these London houses are You can hear everything your neighbors do. or say.’ ‘ Charlie, that sound comes from our staircase. It is not next door at all.’ ‘I see you won’t be satisfied until you’ve turned me out of bed to solve the mystery,’ he said, good-naturedly, as he jumped up and opened the bedroom door; but there was nothing there. - Charlie whistled, and coaxed, and called, but no dog or cat answered his invitation, and after a minute or two he returned to his own quarters. ‘ I told you it was nothing, Lily,’ he said; ‘ but I tell you what is rather funuy. As I opened the door I saw in the darkness before me such a beautiful star, not large, but so bright and glitter ing ! It seemed to float right down the staircase into the hall.’ ‘Oh, Charlie, you are more fanciful than I ami’ I said, laughing, and we had soon forgotten our little adventure in sleep. But not long afterwards it was brought to my remembrance. I was waiting one evening for Charlie to come back from the station, where ho had gone to meet my sister Cissy. I had dressed myself very carefully in a dark-blue velvet dress, never before worn, that I might show my sister how well I looked as Lady Erskine, and I had descended to the drawing-room to attend her arrival. When I reached it I found the gas still unlit. There was a good fire in the grate, but the room was in semi dark ness. I walked across it, stopped to arrange a few ornaments on the centre table, and then went toward the bell to ring for lights. As I stooped to reach it I felt some one pull my dress from behind, I fancied 1 had caught the train in some thing, and I turned to disengage it. But the folds were perfectly free, and I re turned to my original design of ringing the bell. Again was ray dress pulled from be hind, "and Ibis time in a very decided manner. I had rung the bell, but I turned again to ascertain the cause, when I saw distinctly in the darkness of the doorway a star such as Charlie had described to me, but small, and very bright and clear, which seemed to dance before ray eyes for a few moments, and then flicker away upon the stair case I was still staring at the spot where it had disappeared, and asking myself whether I was asleep or awake, when the servant entered in answer to my sum mons and lit the gas. My first impulse was to examine my dress. Yes! there on the new velvet was the distinct impress of a little hand where the material had been grasped and pulled, just about on a level with my knees. There is no material that shows the marks of pressure so plainly as a blue velvet. A few minutes afterwards, however, the carriage arrived with Charlie and Cissy, and I could think of nothing but my sister for the remainder of the evening. And when I told the circumstances I have related to my husband, he laughed at me so heartily as almost to kill my belief in my own understanding. And he had out the blue velvet dress by day light, and showed me a dozen places where it had been marked and creased in the packing, until I had lost faith in my eyesight as well. And, certainly, the marks of which I had told him were not to be seen at the time, though I looked for them every where. They had totally disappeared, although I could have sworn I had eeen them plainly when I saw them alone. Charlie declared it was all the effects of a highly-strung organisation, but if so, it seemed to run in the family, for the next person who suffered from it was Cissy herself. I thought she looked very pale ami tired a week after she had come to us, and J|told her so. ‘We shall havo to stop the theatres and evening parties. Cissy, if they affect you like this,’ I said, laughing, t You look as yellojv as Aunt Ellen this morn ing.’ ‘ Well, the fact is,’ replied Cissy, with little hesitation, ‘I haven’t slept very well lately, Lily. The child disturbs me so,’ ‘ The child ! ■ What child ? I de manded, in amazement. looked puzzled. ’ ’ ‘ Don’t you know- of it ?’ she asked. ‘Don’t you know that one of your ser vants has a child to sleep in - the house ? I wouldn’t mind if it did sleep, but it moans and frets half- the night, and palters about the room, and I can’t sleep through it.’ _ , ‘ About which room ?':I said.- • \ ‘ The one over mine.’ ‘No one sleeps there,’ I replied. ‘lt used to be the nursery, but'it is empfy now. _ ' .7 Cissy looked: incredulous. 7-; y ‘ I don’t want you. to make a disturb* ance oir my account^- iily dear, Lut; i assurc-you-some one does sleep there, ipr I have lain awake for' hours and hours, listening to the noises that go on.’ ‘ I will take care you are not. dis turbed again,’ I said, as I rang the bell for the housemaid, to enquire into the reason why my sister’s rest was broken; The servant first stared at my story, then looked frightened, finally denying, with evident confusion, that she knew anything of a child being in the house., ‘Don’t dare to tell me a story!’ I said, angrily. you mean to say Miss Carew can be mistaken? She she hears a baby crying: and running about every night. Some of you must know about it.’ ‘ I don’t, then, my lady, nor any others as I know of,’ replied the woman, firmly. ■* Have you ever heard the.noises your self?’ Tasked. ; ‘ Y es, my lady. I have; and so have Jane and Mrs Stephens.’ ‘ Do they come from next door?’ ‘I don’t think they do, my lady.’ ‘ You. don’t 'think/ What do you mean? I insist upon your speaking plainly to me.’ ‘ Thereupon the housemaid advanced closer to my side and lowered her voice— ‘lE you please, my lady, me and Jane and Mrs Stephens "have all heard, the noises, and we don’t think they’re, no thing natural,' and we’re all pray mg for the day when, we shall go back to* the Abbey, where there ain’t no speerits, thank God, nor nothing of the sort,’ she added with a blanched cheek. Cissy, sitting close by, broke into a ■peal of laughter. . Spirits !’ she cried. ‘ Why, you don’t mean to say that you believe it is the ghost of a baby? No, no. The crying I hear is much too real for anything but flesh and blood, and you must tell that story to somebody less sensible than Lady Erskine.’ But I, remembering the voice and footsteps I had heard outside my bed room door, and the little hand that had pulled at my velvet-dress, did not feel inclined to join in my sister’s ridi cule at the housemaid’s fears. ‘ Whatever it may be,’ I said, trying to speak lightly, 1 1 cannot have you dis turbed any longer, Cissy, and so you must occupy the next room to my. own in future. Please see that Miss Carew’s things are moved down Before to-night and don’t let this silly story get wind more than is absolutely necessary. I shall be angry if I hear anything about it again. l • The servant left my presence, still white and trembling. Cissy asked me if I intended to let the matter rest there. ‘I believe, from her manner, Lily, that she is the culprit, else why should she grow so confused ? Depend upon it she has got some of her relations in the house. There was no mistaking the sounds I heard. ‘ Never mind,’ I answered, carelessly, ‘ so long as they do not annoy you again. I don’t like to seem too harsh with the servants at first. We shall soon be down at the Abbey, and they will have no opportunity of playing tricks upon us there.’ ‘ Well, I tbinkyou are far too lenient,’ said my sister, in a dissatisfied tone. I should have thought so myself, if what I had already heard and seen had not commenced to pruy upon my spirits. In a short time, however, our family party was increased by the arrival of Charlie’s brother and two or three other young men, and in the all-absorbing amusement of flirtation, Cissy seemed to forget the nuisance, real or imagined, to which she had been subjected. One daj T , however, I heard the voice of Mrs Ste phens, the housekeeper, most unneces sarily raised in anger, and on enquiring the cause, I found that the Bombay toy I had placed in the little c-ib had dis appeared. ‘ And when you told me particular it wasn’t to be touched, my lady, and I said the same to them all, but someone’s been and took it away, and I can’t find it nowhere.’ ‘ Well, it wasn’t me,’ pleaded Jane, who was the supposed offended Mrs Stephens bad pitched upon. ‘ Whoever it was, it must be found again,' I interposed; ‘mind that, Mrs Stephens. The owners of the house are sure to miss it on their return, and it would be most unpleasant to be unable to produce it. It must be found !’ I added determinedly. ‘ It shall be found, my lady,’ echoed the housekeeper, fiercely; ‘ if I have to rip up every one in the house before I come Iq it.’ But at tills bloodthirsty resolution I fled, lest Mrs Stephens, in ill zeal and outraged boner, .should commence upon me. That very evening Charlie and Jack and their friends went off to sotne bache lor's haunt together, and Cissy and I were left in the house Jo amuse each other, the consequence of which was that by 10 o’clock we were quite ready to part company and go to bed. . I had an interesting book in hand, and when I had dismissed my maid I sat down before the fire in my dressing room and prepared to read until my husband’s return. Of how long I had sat there I bad no idea, for time never passes so quickly as when in the company of an entertain ing author, but I knew that it. must be growing late, fer I had heard the servants one after another creep up the stairs to bed, and knew-that only the sleepy footman was left dozing below until such time as his master should re turn and need his services. My fire had burned low, bufc.l did no.t trouble myself to replenish it, for the spring was coming on fast now, and the nights began to be warm, and. the big house was very quiet—so quiet that when a coal dropped from the. grate to the fender it made me jump. But, suddenly, as I sat there with my eyes fixed upon my book, I became aware—l don’t know how—that I was not alone, and half expectant, half afraid, I IcJoked up to see who shared my room with me. Had I been asked to guess who stood upon the threshold I should‘have-said Cissy, or Charlie, or my maid, and yet it would have been a.foolish venture, for I had.heard no sound of the opening dr shutting'of the door. , ■• -.■.' But what I did sec inspired me at first with no alarm. I looked up, and -there, between my chair "and the doorway; stood; the love liest little figure of a child I had ever seen, ‘ , • ; Excepting for a cambric garment trim ;med with lacej hiejittle .Ijjabs appeared to be bare; but his large blue eyes, wet with tears, were wide open, and his rose bud mouth was drawn down pathetically at the corners,. as though he. was just about to cry. Forgetting the soundsi had heard and the stories I had been told, and believing that I saw a ; living child before me, I sprang from my chair and advanced to the little figure, which retreated before me.; ■ ■ ‘ You little darling!’ -1 exclaimed. ‘ Don’t be afraid of me. I will not hurt you; Tell me your name, dear, and why you have come here!’• But all the answer the child made by fixing ’ his frightened, weeping eyes upon mo,, whilst he backed towards the door, exclaiming in a plaintive whisper— '! ‘ Let me go—let me go!’ , ■ ‘ Where do you want to go to, dear?’ I answered—to your mother? . Is your mother here, baby? Do you wish to go to her, dear?’ But the golden-curled little head was shaken sadly, ns the child, still backing towards the door, held out towards me (he y Bombay toy, .and, passing through the panels, disappeared. Then, in a moment, I understood it all. v I know what I had seen;! knew to whom ho had belonged; I. knew that be had' been one of~the 'children-of the house, arid that 1 had looked upon the’ face of the risen dead, When Charlie rushed into the room a few minutes afterwards he found me in a dead faint on the floor. 