AOTA POPULI. ? -*. ? By the Flaneur. The charitable interest which some of our dissen ting friends take in all matters pertaining to Catholicity is at times so great that nothing short of a public vote of thanks from the whole of the Catholic community (or a bucket of dirty suds) seems to be1 sufficient to acknowledge our great indebtedness. In a recent fraternal letter to the Herald headed ' Indissolubility Exemplified' a ' Protestant Querist,' amongst other useless information, tells that ' it will not be denied that the great Napoleon was a 'good Catholic.' As a matter of fact, however, he was nothing of the kind, for ifc was scarcely the partjof a good Catho lic to write to. Pope Pius VII in 1808 to say ' You must join me entirely and declare war against England.' To this the good prelate replied, 'I am a sovereign of the peace. I cannot declare war against any Christian power.' The result of this was that the 'good Catholic' seized Eome and General Mioblis assumed supreme authority. Furthermore, the ' good Catholic' had the poor delicate Pope dragged to Savona,- Genoa, and imprisoned there for three years, after which he was relegated to Fontainebleau. A curse seems to have settled [on the latter place, for ifc was |there in 1814 that the great little Napoleon was forced to sign his own abdication, and some idea of how he felt may be guessed from the fact that he muttered as he threw down the pen, ' That quiet old man of Eome, and those unarmed peaceful priests, did me more injury than all the armies and coalitions of emperors and kings. In some way or other I felt their influence was here.' Eather strange words for a good Catholic, were they not ? The real object of the Herald's good-natured correspondent, however, was to prove that the Catholic Church sanctioned Napoleon's divorce from the faithful Josephine, and that the Pope thereby had one code of rules for the poor and another for the rich. It may interest the Herald's ' Protestant Querist' to know that in the eyes of, the Catholic Church Hapoleon was never married to Josephine at all. A little slice of reliable his tory may be of further use to him. Josephine was the widow, at the time she fell in with Napoleon, of ViseountBeauharnais, a gentleman who dropped his head during the rouseabout guillotine days of Robespierre, and forgot to pick it up. The mar riage ceremony was gone through on 9th March, 1796, and we are distinctly told it was more, re publicano, or ' contracted .before the municipal authorities without the intervention cf clergy.' More republicano sounds well, but in reality the ceremony is nothing better than a civil master and servant's agreement ; it is a purely business like transaction, and has no sanction of the Church whatever ; ergo Napoleon was never married to Josephine according to the rules of the Catholic Church, and as a natural result no divorce was required whatever. In two cases, therefore, our worthy Protestant querist's theory falls through, and I would like to delicately insinuate that if he relies more upon his own ignorance than he does on that of his readers, he will find considerably more space for his feot to stand on. Apropos of another bigot, who sees in Eoman ism the ' curse of Ireland,' of course I mean the Eev. Mr, Archdall — here are a few figures which will delight the soul ©f that amiable gentleman. Speaking of St. Patrick's celebration this year a London journal amongst other things says :— 'In 1868 the relative number of criminal con victions for indictable offences were in England and Wales 15,033 ; in Scotland 2490 ; and Ireland 2394\. While the relative population in England was 25,974,836; in Scotland, 3,735,573; and in Ireland, 5,974,439. Now the comparative figures show that England has five times, the population of Ireland, while it had in 1868 more, than six times the number of criminal convictions ; while Scotland with more than one million and a half less population than. Ireland had over one jtnin drad more convicted criminals. Again in 1878 there were in England 12,473 criminal convic tions; in Scotland, 2273; and in Ireland, 2293. In 1884, the latest statistics available, there were in England 11,134 criminal convictions ; in Sco.t land, 2077 ; while in Ireland there were only 1546, thus showing the terrible disproportion of crime there is in England as compared with Ire land, giving seven times the number of criminals in England as compared with Ireland, as against five times the population. The aggregate number of convictions in England from 1868 to 1884 were 190,228 as against 37,658 in Ireland, and 34,017 in Scotland, showing in the gross a larger propor tion of crime in England and Scotland than in Ireland.' . And it's just as well to be told of these things — as the man said when he heard that his mother in-law had been eaten by the cannibals of New Guinea. A few weeks ago the inhabitants of a peaceful Newcastle suburb were scared into fits by the apparition of a long, gaunt figure, clad in the customary white uniform of a ghost, which bounded wildly through the streets after dark, and dashed off at chain-lightning speed in the direction of the city. In consequence of the punctuality which this awe- striking figure ob served, several old ladies had no end. of kicking fits j strong men fell down senseless with an abruptness . caused 'the very pavement to sit up and look at them with astonishment ; dozens of children spilt the refreshings beer they were carrying 'home to soothe their aged parents' woes ; horses bolted and their drivers used four storied words that would take the curl out of a Bogan bullock's horns; dogs howled, hens crew,' and even brawny miners rolled into wet ditchesy paralysed with fear. Driven to desperation at last, evory man, woman, child, and Chinaman about the place turned out, armed with axes, shovels, broqm-handles, pokers, brick-bats, an chunks of home-made pastry, and chased th supposed ghost, uttering terrible cries of ven-' geance. Luckily for the spook, he had too much foot for his pursuers, for it turned out after all that he was merely a local ped. who was entered for the Sheffield -Handicap, and preferred to do his sprinting after dark.- He does it by day now , and white-robed Peace waves her gooseberry bush once more. Here's a little spiritualistic trifle from Japan, which gives our Fosters, Slades, Humes, and Baldwins, the go-by' completely. According to a Tokio journal, a native philosopher living at Hakodadi has just discovered a remarkably desirable land convenient method by which he can at will materialize his own soul. , This boss medium, it appears, has been accustomed, for the amusement of himself and his friends, to take a seat in a bamboo chair in a perfectly empty room- and to will himself into a state of apparently absolute unconsciousness. No sooner has his body lost all sensitiveness than there issues from his open mouth a faint, blue flame, something similar in colour to the electric light, and this flame slowly takes form, and assumes the pro portions of a well developed Tom Thumb sort of party, about six inches in height. This mannikin, which is the materialized soul of the medium, talks freely with those present, and the necessary requirements being brought in, he writes, eats, drinks, talks, and performs all the functions of a civilized and perfectly constituted human being. He dare not, however, so he is reported to declare, break contact with the inanimate body of .his possessor ; and on one occa sion, when he was removed and set upon a table close by, the philosopher began to gasp and struggle as if in the agonicc of doath, whereupon the man nikin v/as quickly replaced on bis master's head. Several Japanese gentlemen testify to having seen this experiment performed, and as ifc has been referred to by several Japanese journals, the truth of it is, of course, undoubted. The ancients believed that during dreams the spirit left the dreamer, and actually performed all the dreamer dreamt of. This must have been pretty rough on the spirits after their owners had gorged themselves at midnight with sow's udders, sausages, mullets, crabs, and other ancient gastronomic luxuries. Touching the Tokio philosopher, however, we believe him to be a fraud of the first water, and his business nothing better than a clever piece of trickery. He simply conceals a dwarf, and a box of matches, and a blue light in his mouth, and when the proper time arrives the philosopher and the mannikin work off the swindle on the childlike Japanese. Sara Keenan and the Tom Thumb Carrington now on show here can do the same business, and in facfc Sam could seat a few of his audience in his spare jaw as well. One of the latest silly discussions started is to discover which is the longest word in the English language. Amongst the first flight, so far, are Philoprogenitiveness, 20 ; Incomprehensibleness, 20 ; Disproportionableness, 21 ; Suticonstitution alist, 21 ; Honorifieibilitudinity, 22 ; Velocipedes trianistical, 23 ; ' Transubstantionableness, 23 ; Proantitionsubstantiationist, 2S. Only the first three are to be found in Webster's Unabridged, and therefore, Disproportionableness ought to take the cake. The ingenious correspondent who has sent in Honorifieibilitudinity says it is short for honorablenees. Suticonstitutionalist i3 a word that is hardly likely to ?fill along-felt want in any dictionary, but Velocipedestrianistical is a 23 letterer that ought to travel into use before long. The man who invented Proantitionsubstantiation ist, says it's a double-d good English word, derived from a short and single Latin root, and means one who dissents from tho doctrine or dogma of the so- called 'real presence.' It would therefore bo a capital word for the Sunday lecture' platform, and if old deaf Barry could only rap the Cardinal over the head with it, he'd wipe his Eminence out in one round. Whenit comes to a 6 days goasyou please open-to-all-comers tussle for the longest word, however, we want to get everything we own from our soul's adored down to the dirt-box, on a dark thing in the way of the name of a little vil lage in Wales called Llanf airpwllguryngyllgertro bwllgerchwyrmbyllgogerbwllsantfcosiliogogogoch. St. Vincent's Hospital. — The following is the report for the week ending May 22:— Number of patients remaining in the hospital at date of last report : Males, 66 ; females, 32 : total, 98. Since admitted : Males, 10 ; females, 3 : total, 13. Discharged: Males,, 10; females, 4; total, 14. Died: 1 male. Eemaining in the Hospital : 65 males ; 31 females : total, 96. ? On Sunday next the great. Mission which the Redemptorist .Fathers have been conducting, in Goulburn will close. Bishop Lanigan will ad minister Confirmation to a number of children aud adults, who have been specially prepared by the inissioners. , . . . : '. .':.._ 