THE BISHOP OF MELBOUT.RNE'S LAST sERMlONS IN GIPPS. SLANID. On Sunday last, thic 'oriord'sihop of 1 cl bonrne preached both morning and evening in St. Paul's Church, Cnninghame. Street, Sale; In the morning His:Lordship's discourse was chiefly in:reference to; the Confirmation Service, at which he was to administer the rite to the young persons who astended for that, purpose, and no particular portion of scripture was taken as atext, the srmon being.lascd upon the iiarrti?o of .th'i ivork done by Paul and Barnabas in, Lystra, Iconium, and Antioch in Pisidia, " 'confirming the souls of theo'disciles, and exhorting thems to eontinuo in'the faith.i: The discourse was a most eloquent one, and concluded with the following address to theb confirinceis -'" Alid you, young people, who make this confession and take upon you this responsibility, let mio say thaityou cýnriot ~idsditaka6it.lightl;y,-nan yon calmot sncceed ii it'hiyour ocin strength. IHare yon then counted the cost ? Do yno see that in order to' iccceed .in this lifelong strife you mnust'~iii the "naco of God. If so, have yoa resolied liit 'l,~ the iitpointdi means youriill sock' t"sittanin that grace ? Have you resolved to seek God's rance in pri iato prnyer, in reading His holy word, in rer-, erencing His' holy iname P' I don't moan' to snip that partaking of the HIoly Communion is the exclusive means of gracebht thriiigh kirhad practico or a, habit long continued of abstinence from the Lord's table, it becomes rather hard to seek God's grace in, this way,-but it makes it a test of your enrarest siess,anud those of you who have come here hai'e partlypromised to fight 'the good fight of faith.. It will. not. bh us. easy thing to come regularly to Holy Conmmunion, because a nuimbhrd will ;object to yyur comingi 'and would say .aro you not too 'oung, to ln practised to.go? Is it not 'presumption to maiiken solemn a promise perhlps you will bo guilty of, some 'action that will icandalise the church and the orkld.'." But I ban say to you that I am now an old soldier of the cross, aid 'have been., fighting.- according to my ability for many ycnrs; and if I did 'o ibhe liuve that I could get the gsice 'of Clirist :by seeking'it in His appointeol say, I should not be safe to-day, to say' nothing of to-inorrow. The grage of God keeps young and old, nod I would advise yon to lay hold'of that Ort iij ioent Hard, and that grac 'will hold yoiu up., If any man tell yon' it is presumption to comen to tho-Librd's Table,'take for instance this illtistirti\o: SupjiPbing two persaons were t6 b asked to dinont .thoe'loyal dwelling, iand one of them were to begin to'thiak thus : ,-"I am not fit to'dino with the Qdidcn my birth is too lowly, my qualities are too mean, my fortime is too small,:andI nin'ili?olly in fit to dine with. Her,.lajesty."? Sul'isositg the other did not reason at all but said, '"1 he Queen's' invitation is a command, I have nothing to do ith msy fitneib , y Heer, PMajqsty ought to look to that;' that is a command, and I go.' Which is the more hmnble of the two, the man that compares himself with the Queen, or the other who noteer lreams of doing so, bhut tkes her iivititioni at' her word ? That is a comsmonplace question, and I demand you young Ieople to give it a straightforward answer., Would you not say of the invitation of thaKing oft Kings boe fore whomi all 'eartlly crowned htlds are as dust in the balance, 'That is a command ' lias He not invited you to 'do this in reem brance of Me ?' Now it seems to ine that there is no way out of it; either you.will take the King's invitation as a ciommand, and he faithful and lnhumble, or you will say " I don't kneow that lie is my King, and as His invitation has no force withl me, I will not obey it" Those of us who have sought liim in the appointed way have found Hint to be sure. If you coime in that spirit, that grace will hie giv'en to yon by ewhitch you can do Ill things, and you shall ibe nade more than (tequeror through liacm who hath loved yo'."' In the cvenig, llhis Lordship took for his text part of the 1Tth verse of the 13ll chapter of Acts, in whicl the attitude of the Jews in reference to the sermlon of St. Paul at An. tioch in l'isidia is revealed. In this chap. ter said the preacher, St. Luke tells is the effect of a great sermon. The'Apostle Paul, as I said this morning, had come nt this period of his life into Antioch il I'isidia. That was ar country of peasants and Illnntoin shepherds, of simple life and faith. Spiritunlly tiley- were untrained, it. wai virgin soil, nud in it the Apostle had dropped the word of life, and in a night it had sprung up into a perfect harvest. In remarking iupon the auie osif this success, the speaker referedll to 'no cx. perience in the life of the Ries. 1Mr. Muelville, of Cambridge. on the occasion of his prenach. ing his firlet sermion in London, cwhile relieving a brother clergyman who was taking i well earned holiday. No one knew the namehlus preacher from Cambridge, and there were aeccordingl very few persons present, bhut when those few i hard his words of lire, ihard that brilliant rhetoric lighted up, an,1d wiged by electric fires, and appealing to the deepestc emotions of their honrts, they went every. where spreading the news that a new voice' had heen heard in the church, a porl'd ootie, ai vice lhaving weight to stir the heart of ma1,i and to search the deep things of tGod. And so the next Sunday thi crowds were so great around the doors that there was no getting into the church. So, be supposed it was at Antioch in Pisidia. MIen had been present on the Sunday preceding, what they had heard had raised their hearts, they had gone everywhere telling people that this was a new preacher, a miighly man from God, who had told them things they ought to have known, and "go and hear him" was the cry, "he will stir your heart; lie will make you know yourselves, Christ and God; he will lift your souls to heaven." Hence that great throng, hence that expectant wonder, that en. tlhsiasm for the manifestation of the power of God. It is a wonderful thing tolookov r a great congrgatioan; the educated and the uneducated, the rich and the pour, members, of all social ranks are there; friends are there, and men who would not speak to one another in the street. What has brought them together? what has overcome the ro. pnlsion of sench diverse elements? what has brought them into the focus of a common enthusiasm? It is the deepest interest in the heart and lifeo of man. They all feel them. selves members of one family, the children of one Heavenly Father; they come to hear their Father's message, to exalt their Father's praise. I believe, continued the preacher, that more of the peace of the world is'due to the silent,' unmarked influence of publio worship titan we imagine. How many a quarrel lhas been comp sed when we havre seen a grey head that we have 'wickelly learned to hate,. bowed in lowly adoration before our Father ? The influence of public worship, of which we are' hardly more con. scious'thn 'ire are of the air we breathe, but without which wo must die, does more, I verily beliove, to preserve the prosperity of the world than the laws which define our rights, or the sword which defends them; Wenoake too little of these common blessings; nothing seems to show us their value as the attempt to deprive us of them, or by the up. pearanee, in the church, of a great preacher like St. Paul .So it was in the city by the hill. They who had heard him said "there are great things to be heard in such a place, go and hear. them." S the multitude went there waiiting for the bread 'of life, as once the multitide of Israelwaited for the manna in the wilderness of Sinal. If we read the passage from which the text is taken, can ie say they, waited in vain? It pro claimed the love of God ; that he did not abandon his poor earthly children in trouble and weakness, whom lie had sent His Bllessed Son to redeem. What wonder was it that the people crowded round the apostles, and asked them to repeat the words next Sab. lihtlhti They' had found them the power of God unto their salvation. Andl so it will' he whenever the words of God are spoken withllthe same power of the Holy Ghost sent down from iHeaven. I wishl we could sea more of this eager listening in the congre gation, and eager questioning afterasards, There would be more such attention if St. Paul were oftener in the pulpit. Then, I say, pray, for your ministers that they may be consecrated for the task, and that their lips should be' touched with a lire coal fromt off the ialtar, that they may speak sucl, words as shall break the proud spirits of men, and pierce to the marrow of the bone, giving life to a soul under the ribs of death. If;there wcere tmore such prayer in the con. gregation there would he more earnestness and eloquence in the pulpit, and we could san oftener of our congregations as St. Paul writes, of the church of Antioh that they grvew in the fear of the Lord, and in the joy of their Master. But we must not say--for it'is not true-that this was always the effect of apostolic preaching. No doubt they never preached without effect. A man can. hot go to sleep while thunderbolts are. fall ing around hIim; where the tenderness of Christ's love is melting the heart of the peui. tent therb'can he ino inattention; but still we are free, and free to reject the influenco even of the greatest manifestation of divine grace. And Antioch in Pisidia illustrates this. It is a startling thing that the same gospel, should piroduce effects so diversea; so much contradiction and blasphemy on the one hand, and so miach joy and thanksgiviug on the other. When a man like Paul is preaching, you cannot loll idly in your seats, calculating your gains and the effects of your mercantile speculatione. He mustarouse your atteistion. His words startleyou, they find out the deepest place in your emotions, they stir you to something, either to repent ance or to opposition. Thie electric power of truth will, in all ages, go to the hearts of men, will find out the weak places in a sinner's bosom, piercing to the joints and siarrow, separating soul and spirit. Now,. I think it is better to have contradiction than to have indifference. I would rather see live blasphemythan dead indifference; for the latter means stagnation, though the for. mer means resistance to the truth. But.re. sistance shows that the powet is felt which may after all overcome the opponent. We know who it wos "lwho was aforetimne a persecutor; a. blasphemer, and injurious," and we know how St. Paul resisted the truth which Ihe afterwards preached. I would rather that the Spirit of God came down here to-night and provoked the fires of hostility than to let all of you go a?ay with.your learts and.,sbhscienes inaffected. Is the snelling 'ocean' better than the stagnant pool? .While I say this of the preacher, I must swrn yon that I shall have to talk'very differenitly to those who resist the proclama. tion of the truth.- You are aware of what became of the Jews who resisted the truth of God. They were deposed from their position as the appointed leaders and spiri. tual teachers of the world, and gave place to, the despieed Gentiles. It is the same with you with rgard to to the word of God. What will you do with it? Will you take it to your hearts and let it have free course that it may reconcile and restore you! Or will 'ou cast it out? If you do, it will be said of you as it was sadly said of Jerusalem, that iilh knew not the day of her visitation, she closed her eyes to the truth, she hardened, her heart to the divine life, anid she went to her own place. What is true of- churches is equally true of individuals. It is as trite in the spiritual as in the temporal worll, that there is a tide in the affairs of men; tlhat spiritual opportunitits comne, ut ii i teglected will not sop; oplor tunities of gaining life. If we eter in, they will leasd us to ease and ilessedness, libut t we hlang hack, the.door of that opportunity will close, never to open for us gain. Allter dwelling upon ithe opportunities offereotl to men, and the effect of neglecting them, whiich led to the wreckage of our liven and hopes, the preachelr asked what of wasted powers; whaet of grace resistedl; what of doors to opporttunities Ieing unnavailed of; of the crown lost by outr neglect. It itsy It the very last time, lie said, that the word of God will ie offered to somse of you. )Do yon feel the Spirit of God is withi us to-night, which is pronmised lwherever two or three art gathered together in the Savioar's naure? Do 'you feel liis presenee urging you to greater devotion to Him whio love you and gave Himnself for you ? Ifyou do, while that kuor of opportunity is open for you, enter in. If you donot, you may see the iron gale slowly and 'silently closing, to be sealed against you for ever. Blut when our thoughlts dwell upon so frightfiul a possibility, doe" not the questton sggeest itself "' when does thie last tdoor close against the obdurate?' For yoi, that is aol awful question, but it rests upon an aw'ful certailnty. lIace you iot known men who seemed to have resisted thie grace of God; to have so stubborntly and so obiurately ; hardesled thlemlselrces that it sccmcd imtpossible for them ti o repeut. I Ihave su e such I niil, anil I have trembled at the sighlt. I know that nothing is imposnihle to God, blessed ihe His gracious liname. I kInow that Hits grace can restore the vilest Ilasplhemecr, but almighty as tlhant grace is, there is onle tlittg that it cannot do ; it cannot make you like Christ, if it has to r'o yos ofi your freedomt to be unilike Him, for freledomn is a nieceailty of virtue. The rsin falls forlt hcavcn acord. ing to the laws of gravitation, thie satone cast from miy hand idescriiis its pairabolic cure', the pliucets follow ithe orbits defiied for tlihc hy divine wisdomi , hut their olediheie is mechanical, tlhy are comspelled to do so. Ilutt'od;uie yoitlu i iistinage, free, andflreo to be inlikle him if yOII pilese. But, tirk my words ; thIe )lill iultcnlt cittnnot smatilyou \irttcus, if you prefer to lie the opposite, ansl tie will not Itild you by thie chains of instinct. iNay, imorie, lie muItst leave it Swith you tlihat if you will resist flim obdurately, you mnay. If yo alire to bo like Christ you musit be free ito le unIlike him.i What then, lshall ibe your choice IM vic wvill never speak to you ogaioi in this world. What thoun reIlaiis for ile, Ibt to ask with dseep ald allectionate eolitcrtli, tha*t y'ii, iretlhrne, have pity on yourselves, have ls eIn?cy oni your owsl tonls, dlon't use thii miighlty frecdont to rnii yourselves, auld to Selnptrate yourselves fromn . Gssl. ]epeult inow, colne andiu seek the onerc / thant lie is Ill too cager to olf'er. Now ithel accepted time, linow in tihe day of slaltion.. The Spirit aid thie lhitle es;. " Comue"; and let hiti thatt he.'cstlt say "ColUCe"; and who soarer will, let hiht take of the waterr of life freely. Asleen. The seresOsi ssutl of the mi skt impressive chnracter, iand the oeiigregation evidentli felt deel~ly affected during its delivery. 