THE STRASBOURG CLOCK. This very clever mechanical model of the famous Stras- bourg clock is on view at the Apollo Hall, Kidman's buildings, Market-street, every day from 2 till 5, and every evening from 7 to 10. The performance takes place nearly every quarter of an hour, and the lecture is decidedly interesting. The exhibition has been well attended during the week, and should secure many visitors during the forthcoming holidays. At the New Opera House Sir Charles Young's society drama "Jim the Penman" was played for the last time in Sydney for the present with great success, Mr. Harry St. Maur, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Maltby, Mr. Beck, and Miss Agnes Thomas being honoured with great applause and recalls. This theatre will be closed for the remaindor of the week, and on Boxing night Miss Minnie Palmer will appear for the first time in Sydey in her musical vaude- ville, " My Sweetheart." Miss Palmer is supported by her own especially selected company, which includes the popular comedian, Mr. Charle Brown.s The Royal Standard Theatre will remain closed until Boxing Night, when will be produced a grand Christmas pantomime, entitled "Dick Whittington and his Cat." Miss Sophie Harris, Miss Fanny Wiseman, Mr. Harry Leston, and a large number of popular artists have been engaged for the opening, and the harlequinade will be given by the Cottier family. New scenery and mechanical effects have been specially provided, and the production should be a success. The Gaiety Theatre will remain closed until Boxing Night, whcn'will be produced Mr. Frank Harvey's tem peianco drama, " ino AVoman of the People," in whioh Mr. Sheridan, Miss Louise Davenport, and their company will appear. There will bo no change of programme at the Academy of Music until Boxing night, but there will bo a perfor- mance this ovoning. The Alhambra will ropont the same programme this even- ing, and on Monday next,'December the 27th, will bo pro- duced an entirely novol ontertainmout. Tile approaching festive season being usually considered the appropriate one for the revival of ghosts, Mr. D'Arcy Read will once more make his appearance in Sydney with his well-known ghost. He opens at the old Masonic Hall, York- street, this evening, and will continuo the per- formance nightly, with the excoption of Christmas Day and Sunday 