MAIL NEWS. [From Papers to 7th AwjuU ) GENERAL BOULANGER AND THE DUO D'AUaiALK IT will be remembered that when inter- polluted in the Chamber of Deputies, on 13th July, concerning; the expulsion of the Due d'Aumale from France, General Boulanger declined, in answer to an interruption, that the Duke had had no hand in procuring for him his promotion to the grade of general. On Sunday morning the following letter from General Boulanger to the Due d'Aumale was published in the four Conservative journals, the Gaufoti, the Figaro, the Sokil, and the Moniteur Umvsral. ' 7th Army Corps, 13th Division, 25th Brigade, 33rd Infantry Regiment, Belley, 8th May, 1886. " Monseigneur, It is you who proposed me for the grade of general. It is to you to whom I owe my nomination. Then while awaiting the moment when, on my next visit to Paris, I shall be able to express to you my thanks by word of mouth. I beg you will accept the expression of my warm gratitude. I shall always be proud of having served under a chief such as you are, and I should bless the day which placed me again under your orders. Mon seigneur, condescend to accept the assurance of my most profound and most respectful devotion. "(Signed) COLONEL BoraANO KR " To Monseigneur the Duo d'Aumale." The following letters were published on Monday - " Bailey, 13th February, 1879 " Monseigneur,-Youleavotho command of the 7th Corps Allow me to express to you, in the name of the officers of my regiment and in my own name, how pained we are at losing a chief whom we loved, and in whom we had such great confidence Be persuaded, Mon seigneur, that we shall never forget the high lessons and the noble example you have given us, and condescend to receive the renewed assurance of the respectful sentiments and the unalterable devotion of your obedient subaltern, (Signed) COLONEL BOUL VJSaKR " " Belley, 3rd January, 1889 Monseigneur have no other support than that of the generals under whose orders I have served. I therefore write to beg you to be kind enough to support my claim with the Promotion Commission (Commission de Class ment), in which for many reasons you will cer- tainly have a preponderating influence. I will not speak of my services You know who I am I only permit myself to tell you that I am the thirteenth among the colonels of infantry who, after the general inspection of 1873, were proposed for the grade of brigadier general, and that if the now existing vacancies were filled up I should be about the eighth. Under these conditions I have great hope, and rely on your kind interest, which is so well known I beg you, Monseigneur, to accept with the renewed expression of my gratitude the assurance of my most respectful and most devoted sentiments "(Signed) COLONEL BOULANGER " When the first letter appeared General Boulanger denied that he wrote it but when the other two were published he practically admitted that he did write to beg the Due d'Aumale to use his influence in his favour, and that he subsequently wrote to thank him for Having done so. He affirms, however, has since he wrote to thank the Due d'Aumale for havrSN; made him general, he his discovered that tLN Duke had nothing to do with it. He says -* Since then I have obtained proofs that it is So General Farro that I am solely indebted for my nomination as brigadier general " As for having shown ingratitude towards the Duc d'Aumale m striking his name off the rolls of the French army, General Boulanger remarks that being Minister of War he was compelled to execute a measure which had been voted by the Chambers General Boulanger is, however, believed to have been, if not the author of the measure of expulsion, at least one of its most fervent partisans This matter is the talk of Paris just now. There is scarcely a newspaper that does not severely criticise General Boulanger conduct, and many of them declare that he should be compelled to resign. THE HEIDELBERG COMMEMORATION. The quincentenary fetes at Heidelberg were begun on Monday by the Burgomaster, who, on behalf of the city, officially welcomed all the visitors in the huge Flat halle, which must have held about 3000 persons Referring to the nature of the commemorative festival and the mary representatives of all the German races which it had been the means of bringing together here, the burgomaster compared past times with present, when Germany had again got a Kaiser, and he dwelt on the growth of the national idea which such a gathering was calculated to strengthen. Cheers for the German Emperor and the Grand Duke of Baden were most enthusiastically given by the assembly The Choral Union of Heidelberg,, consisting of about 150 male performers, then sang a jubilee song in praise of Heidelberg which was one of the last things written by the late Victor von SclicffV"!» who, with a strange presentiment of his end, described it as his "swan song" This song, which has been set to music by Vincenz Achmor, who directed the choir in person, evoked great applause and was encored. The choir followed with a hymn to the German Empire by the Berlin post, Juhoa Wolff, which likewise was warmly applauded. At the festival ceremony on Tuesday the Crown Prince of Germany addressed the assent bled company of present and former members of the university, and after congratulating them in the Emperor William's name, referred at some length to the glorious record of the university He spoke of the vicissitudes through which it had passed, and the struggle it had maintained to secure religious liberty and the right of scientific inquiry He reminded his hearers of the great moment when the Grand Duke of Baden, first among the German princes, paid homage to the Emperor William, and then proceeded to dwell upon the great part played by Heidelberg University in bringing to' the Germans from all the hundreds of the Fatherland, and fostering a faith in this national unity which was now Germany's safeguard and strength " Now," continued the Crown Prince, " that German unity has been regained, the maintenance of the ancient virtues of our race will call for the exercise of still greater prudence self denial, strength, and spiritual discipline, in order to promote the happy development in a liberal spirit of the national life of the German people." At night the grounds and ruins of the Schloss were alive with music and illumination and the many thousands of strangers now in Heidelberg. This Schloss fold was opened after 3 by the Grand Duke at d Duchess with their family and the German Crown Prince, who held a sort of Court or circle of all the academic celebrities home and foreign, in one of the least ruinous of the mag-. nificent balls with which this " Alhambra of the Germans" abounds. The hall had been rendered fit for the occasion by its decoration with Gobehu tapestry and paintings illustrat- ing the history of the castle. Thickly lined with coloured lamps lit up by the electric light and richly hung with flags and streams, the ruins and castle courts presents most romantic appearance with their moving multitudes, but such carousing drinking, singing, and smok- ing was never seen. The greatest swilling bout of the century ' is in full swing, the wine and beer literally flowing in streams, and promising to do so until far into the night To the deputations present Oxford contributed its contingent in the persons of Professors Her. land and Bryce, M P., while Cambridge sent the Rev Coutts Trotter, and Edinburgh the Rev Dr. Malcolm Taylor A Professor of Ecclesiastical History Sir Henry, Biscoe, M.P, was specially invited as an Ehrengast, or guest of honour of the university, with one illustrious member of which, Bunsen, of the chair of chemistry, his name is closely connected. The Royal Society of London was represented by Professor A. W. Williamson, of University College, London. From America came Professor Chadwick for Harvard, while the deputy of Yale was Professor George F. Brush. From other countries, Sweden, Russia, Belgium, Greece, and Italy were well represented, and France sent several of Kurdistan- guished academicians and professors. Wednesday's programme of festivities Com prised a grand banquet and a torchlight procession. The day began with an academic procession to the Church of the Holy Ghost from the university, of which the front was profusely hung with flags, evergreens, armorial bearings, and allegorical paintings Headed by a couple of bands, the professors and their guests, all in their robes of office, marched through the crowded streets to the large Church of the Holy Ghost, which had mean- while been well packed by those entitled admission, and which soon after received its complement of auditors in the persons of the Grand Ducal party, including the German Crown Prince. Alter a preliminary chant, Professor Otto Fischer mounted the pulpit, and inexorably held his distinguished hearers prisoners for more than three hours. After his address the guests passed to the banquet in the large hall of the Museum building, which again was graced by the presence of the Grand Ducal party and the Crown Prince, After the banquet all the town turned out to see the torchlight procession of students in all their fighting frippery and flags, which, winding its flickering way across the old Nectar Budge, headed for the Russians, on the balcony of which stood the Grand Duke and his party. Threading the chief streets, the very stream took its way to the square in front of the university, where the torches were all flung into one bonfire pile in the centre, while the numerous bands were massed, and then, to the accompaniment of all this deafening volume of brazen music, the multitude of fire bearers burst forth as of one voice with the One you heathen like hymn of the German student beginning ''Gaudeamus lgiUn," &c.; Starting again, then, from the Rathhaus, the fire bearers passed thievish all the principal streets The following is a hat of itfoSfl who have received honorary degrees in concoction with the Quincentenaiy Jubilee of Heidelberg University -The Grand Duke of women has received the degree of Doctor of rT<<<ology, and the Hereditary Grand Duke that of Doctor of Law. Professor Stubbs (Oxford) his received the degree of Doctor of Law ; while upon Professor Sir H. E. Roscoe (Manchester) and Professor Sir William Thomson (Glasgow) are conferred the degree of Doctor of Medicine I and upon Professor Cayley (Cambridge), Pi ofrsaor Sweet (London), and Professor Lord Rayleigh the degree of Doctor of Philosophy. TERRIBLE YACHT ACCIDENT LOSS OF SEVEN LIVES, The most terrible accident on record to a yacht in American waters occurred on Friday in last week off Sandy hook The yacht Sarah Craig, of 25 tons, had come up from Phil delphia, with a party of eleven ladies and gentlemen on board. The weather was so calm that the happy company dined on the deck! Just about sunset a few drops of rain induced the ladies to go below The gentlemen were dispersed over the deck, and the captain, regarding the rain as the precursor of an ordinary squall ordered the crew to shorten sail They were so engaged when a storm of extraordinary fury, advancing at the rate of seventy two miles an hour, struck the yacht and instantly capsized it Every one on deck was flung into the water, and the six ladies and one gentleman in the cabin were imprisoned without possibility of escape for the brief remainder of their lives. After desperate struggles, those in the water succeeded in regaining the wreck, where they sustained the full violence of the storm. They were beaten by hailstones hard enough to in- dent the oak planks of the keel, and were nearly drowned by the gigantic waves that washed over them Their personal sufferings were, however, as nothing to the agony of their inability to respond to the signals made by the unhappy prisoners in the cabin. The Sarah Craig capsized so rapidly that she carried below with her air enough to float the yacht, notwithstanding the weight of her ballast, and to support the lives of the victims for an hour. Their cries and laps upon the wooden walls of their prison house drove the gentlemen nearly frantic. Some of them attempted to drag themselves down the companion way to what would have been certain death, and were only prevented carrying out their intention by force employed by the crew. The last sign of life was given, by a lady, who must have submerged herself in order to thrust her hand to the surface through a barred window. It was seized with a desperate grasp, but the bars prevented her escape, -rod the hand was held until the grip relaxed is death Some vessel from which the accident had been observed came up and took off several of the crew. The gentlemen refused to leave as long as a ray of hope remained for those below Without tools they tried to break through the side of the v yacht with pieces of the wreckage, but under the circumstances, it was impossible to deal effective blows at the timbers In about an hour all was silent below. When the yacht was towed near the shore a diver went down, and brought out the bodies. He reported that the sufferer had been suffocated, not drowned, and that the appearances indicated the exercise of supreme self command until death released them. The names of the dead are Mrs T. H. Stevens, Miss Mary Stevens, Mrs. Cora A'kin (nee Stevens), Miss Jessie Mount, Miss Emma Merritt, Miss Maude Belle, and Mr Chester Clark Several of the young ladies were engaged to be married to gentlemen who are among the survivors of this melancholy disaster. DR ARTHUR PAHbCHKR, of Berlin, who has for some time past been engaged l m literary investigations in Rome, has brought to light a lost manuscript of Petrarch In a memorandum addressed to the Roman Academic des Lincci, he describes the manuscript as written partly by Petrarch and partly under his immediate supervision The manuscript consists of a perfected and polished draft of Petrarch's poems, and is of great interest 