:OUR MELBOURNE LEHTER. As thHobar end of your correopondent first secures the pen, it is natural that he should talk of the events happening beneath his eyes. This process of watching the first pulse beat of a nation is notas exciting aone as you may suppose, and the scene and the situation is: very different to that when the fathers of the great American Republic gathered to sign the Declaration of Indepen dence with brows knitted and loins girded. Instead of being driven together by the dread pressure of fear, the colonies are uniting in peace, in- place of debating how powder can be manufactured and arms procured, we have had a discussion in the newspapers as to whether Mr. Service in his opening address properly used the word "concussed." Enthusiasm outside of the ranks of the delegates there is none, at least none apparent, s: arcely anyone talks of Federation or what it may lead to, and even the Hobart Aferciry, the leading journal here, devotes its space this morning (Wednesda )--first to rebuking Mr. Service for delivering his Presidential Address before the Govern.r had formally initiated the proceedings of the Council, and secondly to telling the members that they missed their chance of making a pronuncia mento to the world in contrac:ing the debate on the Address in Reply to two hours when it ought to have taken two days. So far as regards the Council, it is per fectly clear that it intends to set to work in a conciliatory spirit. It will be humble and prudent, avoiding all questions upon which there is a difference of opinion co-ercing, or, .as Mr. Service woultl say, "co:.cussing" none of the colonies into agreement with the majority, avoiding all divisions and seeking to conciliate, so that the colonies now stand ing aloof may be gradually drawn in. The great hipe of the delegates is that South Australia will be drawn in by next year, and if she does, it is believed that in the chances and changes of political life New South Wales will also be enmeshed. What these chances are may be judged from the fact that out of fourteen delegates wirho were present at the Sydney Convention, there are but three present in their representative e pacity at IIobart, and two of these, Messrs. Service and Berry, are already, politically speaking, ghosts. But though all these circumstances tend to emasculate the policy of the Council and minimiss its influence, still there cannot be in the minds of any one accustomed to watch the lines upon which political thought travels, the slightest doubt but that we are really spectators grouped around the bed of an infant nation to become puissant in the days to be. It does not matter by what means the future confederation of Australia may spr;ng into being-for federated it must ultimately assuredly be-or what delay may take place before the accomplishment of the perfect unity we look for ; yet, still, the Sydney Convention and the meeting of the first Contcil at Hobart must remain the corner stones of the structure, and, in Australasian history, the men now here will find their names recorded as the nurses who stood around the bedside of the grandchild, born of fair Tasmania. No matter what entlhusiasm be lacking now, the federal idea has in it a movement which cannot be stayed, a force irressistible. It moves by inches, as the sea does, wearing down the rocks, but it has the accumulated force of oceans behind it. I know so little about ladies' attire and ornamentation that it is with diffidence I ever write anything about them. There are mysteries connected with the " get up " of a fashionable lady that no " male creature" should ever attempt to penetrate. row and then, however, I am fortunate enough to be placed in possession of certain little bits of information. These I give to your lady readers precisely as they come to me,nothing extenuating nor setting down aught in con fi:med bachelor malice. Thus, then, I am told that the latest things in mulfs is a perfect bouquet of flowers (artificial of course), the materialsbeing so arranged that when " doin" the block," tile wearer appears as though carrying a bunch of delicate, newly-picked blossoms. In books, the latest readable thing is James Payn's "Luck of the Darrells," an Australian edition of which, if I mistako not, is pub lished by a Melbourne firm. With regard to music, our young ladies are all learning the "Fairy Voices "vocal waltz, made so familiar and popular by the Royal panto 