Professor Baldwin. On Tuesday and Wednesday last Professor Baldwin, who, in company with his wife, has gained a high reputation as an exposer of spiritism, and as a thought-reader, gave two entertainments in the Oddfellows' Hall in aid of the Friends of Freedom Lodge, I.O.G.T., on the first night the audience was not as numerous as might have been cxpcctcd but that can be accounted for by the bad manage ment of the committee who did not properly advertise the fact of the Profcsssor's intention to appear in Balmain. From our knowledge ot the pertormance, and Having ha- 1 oppor tunities of comparing Mr. Baldwin with others in his line of business, we can unreservedly say that he is always deserving of a full audienccand gives value forthe money expen ded in amusement by his jokes and witticisms and the mystery his various oxhibitions cause is an additional value. The performance opened on Tuesday last with the trick of the hand answering questions from the audience. A metalic hand is placed on apiece of glass sup ported by tho backs of two chairs in full view of the audicncc and it gives certain knocks in reply to questions . put. Following that came the rope tying. Mr. Baldwin having entered a cobinet tied himself up securely (or as spiritists would say is tied by the spirits) within a period of 47 seconds and unties himself as rapidly, although the knots were sealed in the presence of a committee of gentlemen selected by the audience, consisting of Messrs. Franklin, Wilkinson, J. B. Bea, J. M'Cardle and another gentleman whose name we did not hear. The speed- in which this was done was duly acknowledged by the audience, and the Professor then gave one explanation of tho way in which the trick is executed, viz., by «lip-knots. He was then sewn up in a borrowod coat and released himself as rapidly without breaking a stitch, although he was tied hands and legs. It next became the turn of Mrs. Baldwin to enter the cabinet and have her neck and hands put through a pillory which was securely locked, butslie.soo'n slipped from her imprisonment leaving the lock sealed with wax, the same as fixed by the committee. After an interval of five minutes Mrs. Hart sang a solo, und Mrs. 'Baldwin was then put under the power of mesmerism, and while thus influenced she read thoughts whioh had been recorded on paper passed round among the audicncc, although the persons who so recorded their thoughts retained tho papers until after the reading had been finished and tho questions answered. From all parts of the audience thoughts were exposed and answered, and in a very clear and clever manner, in fapt exceeding the performances of Miss Ada Heller who paused suoh a sensation in the colonies some years ago. This was certainly the feature of the entertainment and deserves the highest encomiums. For instance Mr. Bea thought as to whether he would get an account paid to him, but never imparted to anyone his thought until after Mrs. Baldwin had expressed it in words and given an answer that it would be settled in two or three months. It then being asked if any of the audience had thought of such a thing Mr. Bea acknowledged having done so. The programme was completed with the ghost scene, where Mrs. Baldwin was again seen to advantage under tho influence of tho Professor's power. In a very short space of time after being tied up in the cabinct, she reappeared as a ghost, and very shortly after canjo on to the stage in her ordinary attire. Tlio time occupied not being sufficient to change. The whole entertainment was of ^ character seldom witnessed in Balmain, and during the evening Professor Baldwin kept the the in terest of his audience at high pressure, never being at a loss for expressions and jokes to amusje, making the whole a muSBllm of mirth beside an evening of amusement and instruc tion. The Professor's second entertainment was much bettor patronised, and awakened fully as muoh interest as the first, from whioh it differed jn the fuller explanations] that were given of various phenomena, and by the intro duction of the 'pin trick.' a la Stuart Cum berland, in whioh a pin hidden in the midst of the audicncc was successfully traced by the Professor. ? 