Mclbournc Races, . TnE V.R.0. Spring Mooting commenced on Saturday lost. Tho woatlier was fino, and tho nttondanco largo. Tho box set apart for tho accommodation of tho vice regal party contained Sir Honry Looh, Govornor of Victoria; Lord. Cnrrington, Governor of Now South "Wales ; Sir "William Robinson, Govornor of South Australia; Sir Georgo- Stralian, Govornor of Tasmania; Admiral Tryon, Lady Loch, Lady Oarrington, anil other distin guished personages. Everything was in tlio host possihlo ovdor, and tho various stands woro oloan nnd bright-looking. Tho courso was in oxoollont condition, nnd tho racing of a. high-class order. Tho following aro tho results of tho racing: — Molbourno Stukos, Isonomy and Boolkn (doatl hoat), 1 ; Bravo, 3. In tho run-off Isonomy won by four lengths. Hotlinm Handicap, Olnptrap, 1 ; Hex ham, 2 ; Lancer, 3. Mnribyrnong Plato, Hortonso, 1 ; Huntingtown, 2 ; Bodoiiin, 3. A good race. Victorian Dorby, li milo: Hon. J. White's Trident, 1; Mr. D. Ooopor's Chosham, 2 ; Mr: A. Blackwood's Aglnos, 3\. An excellent'-', raco ; ontering tho straight Ohcshani appeared all ovor a winnor, hut struggling on liko a raco- Tirvvan Tiuil/mf. onnrrlif. liim trT>rt« Inoa flion half tho distance from home, and, drawing away, won clovorly at tho ond by throo longtlis amidst a scono of groat excite ment. Aglaos was thirty lengths off, and was followod by First Consul, King- fish, Mnddolinn, and Volcano. Timo, 2 minutes 39 seconds. Selling Race, Huron, 1 ; Tho Ghost, 2 ; Stafford, 3. Colmrg Stakos, Day Star, 1 ; St. John, 2 ; Hogmanay, 3.- ' Tho groat racing ovont of tho year, tho Molbourno Cup, was decided at Blom- ington on Tuesday, in tlio prosonco of an immonse nssomhlago ostimntod at 130,000 persons. This groat prizo wns a handicap sweepstakes of 20 sovs!' each, with 2000 sovs. addod ; second horso to roceivo 500 sovs. and tho third 300 sovs. out of tlio stakos ; distanco 2 miles. It brought out a field -of twonty-eight. Tridont, tho winnor of tho Dorby on Saturday, was favourite, hut it was thought by ninny that ho was ovordonoby his oxortioilB on that day, . and the ovont showod that, ho ran only fourth, tho raco resulting as follows : — Mr. "W. Gannon's Arsonal, by O oldsbrough — Pow der, 1 year, 7at. 41b. (W. English); 1 Mr. IVra. Cooper's Trenton, by Musket—Frailty, 6 years, Ost. 51b. (Robertson) 2 Mr. H. Falkincr's 8tlvcrminc, by Napoleon— Bilvevbuir, 5 years, 7st. 101b. (McGrauo) 3 The race was woll contested, but at the half distanco thoro was nothing in it hut Arsenal, Silverniino and Tronton. Tho dattor finishod brilliantly in tho_ socond placo, hut English kopt Arsonal going, and won tho Cup, after a fino race, by a short half length. Silvormino -was half a length away, third. Tridont, at his side, was fourth. Thon, on oloso terms, camo Britisher, Shoot Anchor, Crossfire, Mnlua, Myall King, Meteor, and Boolkn, wljilo tho last wore Littlo'Jack, Highland Chiof, Monte Christo, Isonomy, Graco Darling, and Motal. Timo, '3 minutes 31 seconds. Arsonal was bred by Frank Roynolds, or xocai, anil is oy, uuiuBurougii, xrom Powder, an imported marq, for whom tlio Tocnl squiro gavo 1000 guinoas. English rodo a cool, resolute raco, and Mr. Gannon was most heartily congratulated upon tho fact of his horso socuring tho cup for N. S. Walos. Tho other ovouts resulted ns follows : — Hurdlo.raco : Bluo Mountain 1, Ocean 2, Encore 3. Railway Handicap: Pocahontas 1, Alhanus 2, Toronto 3. Konsington Stakes : Sumatra 1, Eckors- loy 2, Mistolto 3. Nursery Handicap : Huntingtown 1 , Perhaps 2, Bedouin 3. Ynn Yoan Stakos : Tho Lovito 1, Hogmanay 2, Ellington 3. 