HOSPITAL SUNDAY. The annual collectious in the various chnrches on behalf of the Hospital Sunday movement were made yesterday. Uufortu nately for the charities which were to be benefited by the stirring appeals made to the several congregations, the weather was of a most uopropifcious kind. Throughout the day terrific rain squalls swept over the town and district?, enongh to make the most ardent worshipper afraid to face the street. The effect upon the congregations was most noticeable, at nearly all the chnrches the gatherings being very meagre, and, of course, the collections were also considerably smaller than in former years. So far as could be ascertained last evening, the tctil amount obtained on behalf of the * Oeelong Hospital, Ladies' Benevnleot Association, and Homceopatkic Dispensary, the three charities which wdi participate in the contributions, was £204 4s 74*2, as compared trlth £254 3? 7d, the amount known to have been received on the night of Hospital Sunday last year at about the same dste of the month of Oetober. The totals of the different denominations are in the following order Episcopalian churches, £5fi 14* 2d ; Roman Catholic churches. £50 ISs 9d ; Wesley an churches, £41 os lid ; Presbyterian churches, £36 163 31 ; and Congregational churches, £1S lis 6.1. At several places of worship it was intimated that information would not be given to the reporters, as some of the miui3ters of the Protestant churches : had given instructions not to disclose the 1 collections, r.3 it was undesirable to | assist in causing the pressmen to work on | the Sabbath. The usual annual appeals were, j for various reasons,postponed at the Fenwick street Baptist and St. Andrew's Presbyterian churches, no that under the circumstances the apparent loss by the inclement weather may after all not exist as a matter of fact. There was, however, a tailing off in the Episcopalian chnrches of the sum of £21 17a lOd as compared with lawfc year, but an increase in the Roman Catholic denomi nation's receipts of £6 13s 9d. There was a loss of £4 10s 10J in the collections at the Wesltyau chut che3, but the Congregational churches exhibit au increase this year of £9 0s 91, whilst the Presbyterian churches j would have shown a substantial increase ! bad the usual collections been made iu St. Andrew's church. Considering the draw- j backs referred to, the appeals yesterday were very satisfactorily responded to. EPISCOPALIAN. Christ Church. At Christ Church, in the morning, the | Rev1. Mr F. Davis preached from the follow* bgfcext, taken from Matthew, 22nd chapter. 42u<l verse—"What think ye of Christ? Whose son is be? They say unto him the j Son of David." In the ereniug the Rev. Canon Goodman delivered a suitable sermon upon a text from bt. Matthew, 9tU chapter, 2ud verse—"And behold they brought to j him a man sick of the palsy lying on a bed ; and Jesns seeing their faith said unto the sick of the palsy: 'Son, be I of good cheer; thy rins be forgiven thee.*" He pointed out the obligations of Christian people to relievo the poor, and iutttuced the example of Christ, who, whilst among His people, endeavored to inculcate in them a spirit of charity, which he marked as an I eminent virtue. The Lord showed them j how to carry out their duty to their fellow xuen—how to sympathise with those who required it—how to rejoice with those who rej iced—and bow to weep with those who wept. Jesus taught them charity by His life and by H:s assisting the infirmities of His people. They were called upon as Christiana to make every effort to help ] their needy fuliou-heiogs. In alludiug to the obligations of humanity to be j charitable, he mentioned that Hospital Sunday bad been originated in Bir mingham. He urged with telltug words ; the desirability of at ail times exhibi ting their charity to their less fortunate ! brethren. However slight the consideration shown, it would not be overlooked by God, and would be registered in their favor in Heaven. They were to remember that even a cup of cold water given iu Christ's name would receive its eternal reward. The collection iu the morning amounted to £13 17a 3d, and in the evening to £9 los 3d ; I making a total of £23 12s 6d. The amount ; taken last year was £34 $-. It will be seen j therefore that the collectious were conside rably affected by the inclemency of the weather. The Rev. Canon Gooduiau desires I us to state that be will esteem it a favor if | those of his congregation who desired to | contribute, and were uuable to he present I yesterday, will send their donations to the | parsonage. St. Paul's Church. ^The sermons were by the Rev. Oanon Chalmers. In the morning the tex t was Phillippians iv, 17th—" Not because I desire a gift; but I desire fruit that may abound to your account." The preacher began by setting right the apparent contra diction between the statement of the text— " Not that I desire a gift "—and the purpose of that day's sermons. Qe showed that what St. Paul meant was—that he did not desire the gift merely for the sake of the gift itself, but as au evidence of faith and a proof of j love; not merely for the benefit which he personally derived from it, but as that which would secure to the givers an ever ] increasing recompense. It was on this I principle that the preacher desired their ] alms that day. As a stimulus to almsgiving, he might appeal to their feelings of hnznanity, or their feelings of loyalty to a Master Whose own delight It was to alleviate the woes of the wretched; but that morning he based his exhortation simply on the consideration urged in the text : " I desire fruit that may abound to your account." All almsgiving was " fruit." if it be Christian almsgiving, unselfish, disinterested, and bestowed from a Christian motive. To make it "fruit," it I must not be given to be seen of men, or | because not to give would be blamed of men. To make it " fruit" there must be something of self-denial; something which one intended | to lay ont on oneself must he cheerfully di eited to the benefit of others. This is "fiuit" that will abound to the giver's " account," which will bring after it the blessing and approval of the Saviour, which will be a l&yiug; up of treasure in Heaven. At the afternoon service for children the motto chosen for the address was taken from Ecclesiastes viL, I—" Cast thy bread npon the wateis, and thou shalt find it after many days. Several illustrations were given of the literal, and of the moral and spiritual, mean ing of the Wise Mac's words, and the lesson '■ was then briefly enforced that deeds of | kindness done to others from the love of God ; shall in no wise lose their reward, according to the Saviour's declaration—'* Inasmuch as ye did it unto oue of the least of these, My j brethren, ye did it unto Me." The evening | sermon was founded on the words of St. : Paul in his address to the elders, or priests of the church at Epheaus, in Acts, xx chap., 35th verse—" So laboring, ye ought to i support the weak, and to remember the words of the Lord Jesns, how He e&id; ; * It | is more blessed to give than to receive.'" The two points of the sermon were—1. St. Panl's example : "So laboring, ye ought to I support the weak;" and 2. The Lord's words : " It is more blessed to give than to receive." On the Apostle's example it was pointed out that "so laboring " had reference to hi3 working with his own hands to gain an independent livelihood, and the principle [ atiinned was that the duty of helping others la incumbent not on the rich only, but on those who toil with their own hands for their daily bread. Every man may be a giver, if be wills. It is selfishness, not poverty, that makes fellow-help (in some form) impossible. The noblest instances of Christian benevolence have been exhibited by humble, toilful, men i and women. On the second point it was shown thst the maxim of the Saviour, which the Apostla quoted, serve3 as a key to the history of the Saviourship. The principle i that it is " more blessed to give than to receive" was the principle on which He acted, and still acts. It is the principle, therefore, | which, though in direct opposition to the I worldly principle, is manifested in every truly Christian life, and it ia also the principle i by which Christian men will be jadged at last. The sermon concluded with au appeal to those young unmarried men and women, who, though they have to work for their living, are yet in a sense well-to-do, and have from their very position few calls on their generosity, and who, as a matter of fact, usually speed the most part of their earnings on themselves. Hospital Sunday, it was said, had a special claim on their attention. The congregations were conside rably reduced at all the services, through the inclemency of the weather, the amounts col lected being one-third less than last year. The total sum obtained was £22 Is Sd, which ioeludes ISs 6d from St. Johu's Sabbath school and 2s from the Fyansford school. • the cervices at both having been conducted by tlie Rev. T. IV- Davis. ..At the morning service at St. Paul's Church the solo, " Truetin the Lord," was sung duriog the offertory by Mrs Bailey. In the evening the.parts in the anthem were sung by Mrs Edwards, Mrs Bailey, t.nd Miss Wilmofc, and Messrs Moon^ Bailey, and Hawker; whilst daring the offertory the solo, 44 The Lord it mindful of his own," was snog, by Mrs Edwards. PRESBYTERIAN. High Chubch. . ^ The services in High Charch (Presbyterian), :n Gheringhap-street, were conducted by the Rev. J. R. Wardrop, M.A., who preached in the morning from Isaiah, 41st chapter. Gth rerse—41 They helped eTery one his neighbor; and every one said to his brother, 4 Be of good courage.'" After explaining and iilastrating th» text, he concluded his sermon in the following terms:—44 And now, brethren, I must say a word or two by way of soliciting yonr contributions towards the varions charities of onr town, chief among j which is nudoabtedly the Geeloag Hospital, j from whose bonnty in bygone years many a I weary sufferer has. obtained relief, and within whose walls many friendless and destitute ones have found a shelter and • home. That neglect of the laws of health, that human sin and folly, were at the root of much of the suffer ing cxpei ienced within its walls is, I suppose, admitted on all hands. But who is dways wise ! who is sinless? If the first stone mast be cast, let as see the paragon of virtue who is to cast it. Oar Lord, at any rate, when he relieved distress did not make i any special enquiry as to how it was caused. The sin-burdened : and the outcast—the people whom what is called respectable society shunned—had in Him a friend. So that even if the great majority of cases relieved in our hospital could he directly traceable to - preventive causes—to the' j neglect of the laws of health, to sinful ; wanderings from the paths of parity aod ! virtue—we should still be called upon | by the law of Christ to bear the bovdeu* of our ft-llow mortals. But I feel perfectly j satisfied that iu the great majority of patients ' who have received medical attendance at their own homes, or found a quiet renting place within the walls of that Institution, . the misfortune which overtook them was 1 due to causes over which they had no control. That imperfection exists in the management j is only to say that It is a human institution ; < bat the man who refuses to give his coutri buticn for any paltry reason such as this is a f man with a poor soul, and is not likely to ! give much to any philanthropic object, how- I ever praiseworthy iu itself, and however ] faultless in the way it is conducted. Some i churches give their contributions, and ' receive as an equivalent a number of votes to qualify certain of tbeir members ' to take part in the annual election of office- \ bearers. Without presuming to pronounce judgment ou this quid pro quo mode of bestowing charity, I am pleared to tbiuk that this congregation, with many others in the town, has nevGr put forward any claim of this kind. ; ;We give our contributions, however large or however email, aod 11» usfc will long continue to do so, looking for no return : seeking for no approval but the ap proval of our conscience aod our God." In the j evening the text was t^ken from Acte, 10th chapter, 3S& verse : 44 Jesus of .Nazareth, Who went about doing good." The coilec tions for the day amounted to £15 IS?. St. George's Chough. The mooring service at St. George's Church ; was conducted by the Rev. A. J. Campbell, who took his text from Matthew,9th chapter,. 14th and following verses. The joy and loving services and charities of Christianity were contrasted with the fastings and rigid ceremony of the old dispensation. In the j evening the service was conducted by the j Rev. D. A. M4Dongall, who preached from Eph., v chapter, 2nd and 3rd verses 2 44 And He is the Saviour of the body." Showing how our Saviour made the cure of the body the symbol of his great healing work, and how the progress of His kingdom is to be furthered by pure physical surroundings and practical philanthropy. The collections for he day amounted to £10 10s 33. Ryrie-stbeet Chckch. The services in the Ryrie-etreet Presby terian church were conducted by ths pastor, the Rev. A. Davidson. The discourse iu the moruiug was based upon the words— " What think ye of Christ," aud although not specially prepared for the occasion, had a msrked refereocc to the day, Christ bciug delineated iu his healing powers as a very Hospital. The Bible lessons were aLosuitahle, passages referring to Christ's sympathy with the poor aud suffering being read, with the view of enabling the congregation iu giving to enter largely into Christ's spirit. The discourse in the evening was from the words —" Dost thou believe in the Son of God." The net amount contributed to the Hospital Sunday fund was £10 Ss. CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. Sermons appropriate to the day were preached in the above church by the pastor (Rev. J. Heuwood Toms). The morniog text was-Mark, 7th chapt.r, 34th verse. After remarking that the miracles of healing wrought by the Lord Jesus Christ were to the ministry of healing which has succeeded them as the fouutaiu-head of some mightv river is to tho vast volume of water which it becomes in its onward course, the preacher proceeded to develop the two thoughts suggested by the text, viz., that sorrow at the presense of suffering, and strength to labor for its relief, are alike born of looking heavenward. The sorrow felt by the Diriue Master aB He looked on the afflicted man brought to Him to be healed was considered in various lights, and our own sorrow at the sight of suffering in our homes, in hospital wardB, and elsewhere, was dwelt on in its resemblances to His. But the same look upward which, with the afflicted man before Him, filled the heart of Christ with sadness ! inspired Him with power to do His deed of mercy ; and similarly we, if we would do more than merely sigh over human misery, mast gain onr strength to work for it3 alleviation and removal from looking up ward, i.e., from the assurance that snch work is according to the will of God. In the evening Mr Toms took for his snSject— " God the creator of evil," the text being I Isaiah, 45th chapter, 7th verse. The dis tinction between evil and sin was clearly drawn, and illustrated from Scripture. It was argued that evil was not the result of blind forces working themselves ont in bnman lives, bat that God Himself made it evil for any man to act contrary to His good will. The evil He ordained served to educate men concerning sin's character; and snch evils aa He permitted to come on us individually, by the manner in which they exercised both ourselves and others in the highest Christian graces, were made His ministers for good. The congregations, which considering the day were good, listened to the discourses with evident interest aud appreciation. The collections amounted to £16 13s. WESLEYAN CHURCHES. Owing to the uopropitioQ3 weather, the attendances at the Yarra etreet Wesleyan Church were unusually small. The moroiug service wa3 conducted by the Rev. R. C. Floekart, the text being Acts. 10th chap.. 3Sth verse—" How God anointed Jesua of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power : who went about doing good, and baaliug all that were oppressed of the Devil, for God was with Him." In tho evening the Rev. J. De Q. Robin, ?J.A., preached the sermon, from Luke, 10th chap, 29th verse; " But he willing to justify'himself said unto Jesns, and who is my neighbor I-' The afternoon address to the children attending the Sabbath school was delivered by Mr 27. Brown. Ths church collections amounted to £16 3s 2d, and tho Sabbath j school contributions amounted to £3 Is 7d, making a total of £19 4s 9d. At the Newtown Wesleyan Church ths morning disconrse was delivered by Mr T, Peters, the text being—" Ho who waa rich for our sakes became poor that we, tbrongh His poverty, might be made rieb." The evening service was conducted by the Rev, A- Powell, the sermon being preached from the text, Matthew, 25th chap., 40th verse— ' " And the Ring shall answer and say unto them ; Yerily I say anto you, inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these My brethren ye have done it uoto Ms.'! The total collections for the day, including those in the Sabbath school, amounted to £9 133 lid. " ' ' " There were only moderate attendances at the Ashby Wesleyan Church, Wellington ■ street. The morning sermon was preached by the Rev. T. Adamson, from Matthew, 25th chapter and 40th verse. The evening service was conducted by Mr T. Coates, the text beiDg 1st epistle of John, 3rd ehapter, 16th, 17th and 18th verses. The collections for the day amounted to £3 2s 6d. The services in the Chilwell Wesleyan Church were conducted in the morning by the Rev. A- Powell, and in the evening by the Rev. T. Adamson, who delivered highly appropriate addresses, and the selected anthems were rendered by the choir in an admirable manner. Including the contribu tions from the Sabbath school, the collections amounted to £9 4s 9d. , TRINITY FREE CHURCH. ' Special charity sermons were preached at Trinity Church yesterday by the inenmbent, the Rev. P. P. Strickland. The text in the morning ,was Deuteronomy, 15th chapter, 11th vetee—as' follows :—"For the poor shall uevi-r cease out of the laad: There fore, I command thee, 6aying. thou shalt open thine hand wide unto thy brother, to thy poor and to thy needy, in thy land.*' The text was clesrly and forcibly explained, and the parable of the good Samaritan qnoted ai an illustration. The advent of republican lam and anarchy, and the like, had to a great extent made man numindfnl of his "brother," i and what was once " commanded " was now becomiog a matter of choice. In the eveniog j the rev. gentleman again preached, from Leviticus, 25th chapter and 35th verse. The members of the choir were in tine voice, and the chants and hymos were very creditably i sung, Mr Chas. Cotton efficiently presidiog at the organ. The amouut collected for | the day was £4 7s Gd„ i The following is a detailed list of the I collection? ;— Christ Church, Episcopalian—Rev. Fdk. Davis, and Rev. Canon Goodman, M.A. £23 12 C St. Paul's Episcopalian (including Sab bath schools)—Her. Conou Chalmers and Rev. T. W. Davis 22 1 All Saints. Episcopalian — morning, Rev. Canon Goodman .. C 12 6 St. Marv^s and S-S. Peter and Paul's (R C.)—Ven. Arehd. Slattery, D.D. .. 50 IS 9 Yarra-street WesJeyan (including Sab bath school)—Revs. U. C. Flcckart and J. de Q. Robin, and Mr N. Brown .. 19 4 9 Newtown Weslevan including Sabbath school)—3Ir T. Peters and Rev. A. Powell .. 9 13 11 Ashby Wesleyan—Rev. T. Adamson and Mr X. Coates .. 3 2 6 Chilwell Wesleyan (Including Sabbath school)—Rev£ A. Powell and T. Adam son ..949 Congregational Church, Oeelong—Rev. J, II. Totns .. 16 13 0 Couaxegational Church, North Geelong— MrW. Gurr .. 1 IS 0 High Church (Presbyterian)—Rev. J.' TL U'ardrop .. 15 IS 0 Ryrie-street Presbyterian — Rev: A; Davidson .. 10 S 0 St. George's (Presbyterian)—Iters. A. J. Campbell and D. A. M'Dougatt .. 1019 3 Trinity Free Church—Rev. F. P. Strick land ..,476 Total £204 4 74 