Cost o3 a Mafllionaia'e's Menage. Mil. Gould s mansion in Now York . is a plain looking double brown house, tho interior of which is literally palatial. There aro half a million dollars' worth of paintings on the walls and the furnishing and decora tions are of the costliest description. The suito on tho second floor occupied by tho bends of the family consists of bedroom, boudoir, dressing room, and bathroom, decorated chiefly in pale, blue and silver. An-noci ♦!,„ Knll Mi,,,, -Nrollin tl./s «„i„ daughter, has a similar suite in pink and white. On the third floor there is a study aud a large nursery for the three small boys, Edward, Frank and Harold, whose tutors are paid £400, £800, and £360 a year respectively. George Gould's apartments are on tho same floor, while the servants occupy the floor above. Tho butler receives £200, butler's assistant £80, Mr. Gould's valet £120, head cook and assistant £300, i and housekeeper £200 a year. Two laun drosses, two chambermaids, a parlourmaid, two waiting maids, two lady's-maids, and two kitchen girls are paid from £3 to £4 each por month. Mrs. Gould spends two hours a day with her younger boys,. and thoy read only what has boen inspected Sy her. Since bIio joined the Forty-second-streot Presbyterian Church several years ago, she had been liberal in religious benefactions. Miss Nellie, a graduate of Mdme. Reed's : famous school, is perfecting herself in music at a cost of £4 per lesson. She has an allowance of, £1000 a. year for her ward robo. The Gould stable, on Fortyfourth street, is a handsome building of brick, with brown stone trimmings and plate-glass win dows. Six horses are kept in it during tho winter, and a. closed carriage, a landau, and two couples. Tho staff consists of a coach man, two footmen, two grooms, and two stablemen, and their wages range from £9 a month down. The expense of keeping up tho stable is £1200 a yen*. Mr Gould's country seat at Irvington was considered by | its original owner, U-eorge JJawson Alerritt, tho most elegant, attractive, and thoroughly equipped summer residence in the country. Mr. Gould paid 40,000 for the property in. 1880, and it is now worth £200,000 at a low estimate. The house is Gothic in stylo, and is 3000ft from tho Hudson ?river, command ing a magnificont view. It has twenty rooms abovo tho basement. On the second floor is a fine art gallery extending tho entiro depth of tho house. Mangold, tho steward at Irvington, has boen in Mr. Gould's employ over twenty years, and „r P inn 1,,,..,, „l,.,.,t 1U1.U1VU.-I U. OUllllj 111 ituu. JLJ1U lO.»ll uuuuu tho house is ninoty-five acres in oxtent, and tho macadamisd road leading to the entrance is a quarter of a mile long. There aro in tho estate 510 acros, 200 of which are woodlaud. The live stock consists of twenty horses, as many cows, a drove of Southdowu sheep, and a lot of bloot^ed fowl. Eighteen men are on the place constantly, and in summer the number is noarly one hundred. Ihe hot-houses and conservatory cover a space 900 ft long and 450ft wido, and with thoir contents are valued at £50,000. At a fair estimate it costs Mr. Gould £76 a day to keep up his Irvington place. The taxes on it amount to £50 a mouth. Mr. Gould paid £20,000 for his stoain yatch Atlauta, and to run tho same it costs him £150 a mouth for wages. £40 a month for coal, repairs, etc., and £160 a month for general expensos ' when ho is abroad with his family. Besides , t ie fifteen sailors and five officers forming tlio crow, thoru are four cooks and a baiter at £8 a month each, with two waiters, a valet, a lady's-maid, and a parlor-maid. Thero are separate dining saloons in the yatch for the family, tho officers, and the servants aud sailors. Breakfast is served from six to eleven, luncheon at two, tea and icos at four, and dinner at eight. George Goulds allowance beforo he attained the dignity of partnership with his father was £2000 a your. The end snntifios the moans. The i' ass Evening Tribune announces that it will not l ilblisli the inirnea of ?' respectable drunks ' on payment of 5s to the hospital. A Jew in Paresluy died lately at tho given ago of 117 years. Tho ICreolanen reports that he had beon arranging to marry for the ninth time boforo his doath. Altiiougii a printer may be setting all day, yet in his own way is a great traveller, or, at least, his hand is, wo shall provo. A good printer will set in a day about 24,000 letters. The distance travelled over by his hand will avorage about 1ft. por letter, going to the Boxes in which thov nro enntmnnfl. ami nt ,-n . returning inakos 2ft. ovor'y letter ho sets. ±his would mako a distance oach day of 48,000ft. or a littlo moro than niuo miles ; and in tho courso, of a year, leaving out Sunday, that member travels about 13000 miles. Good News.— Ought to bo told, and it is good nows that Dr. Boll's Bitters has cured tlio worst of kidnoy disoasos, and can do it again. An amusing story (says tho Hamilton Specta tor) is told by a reverted gontloman who has re cently come to Hamilton, and loses nono of its value by being told, if not against himsolf, most ceitainly against ono of his own colleagues in tho ministry. In an up- couDtry township thore resided a Catholic priost and a Wosloyan pastor, who, notwithstanding the wide divergence of views about religious matters, woro on friondlv terms. Tho priost the owner of a horse, and the pastor could boast of much vetornin&iv; loro, The horse boing taken ill, the priest consulted i tho pastor, who told him what ho should do. A month olapsed before they again met, when, ' How's your horse ?' was tho first query mado by the pastor. 'Oh! poor brute, he's dead,' replied the priost. After duly expressing sym pathy, tho pastor, with a merry twinkle in his eye, said,, 'Ah, well, I suppose hois in purgatory by this time.' 'No,' was the response, 'he was fool enough to turn Wesloyan boforo he died, and went straight to tho other place.' In the little villiago of Mount Pleasant, in Staffordshire, England, is to be found a child whoso extraordinary growth excites groat won dor. Little Alice, as sho is humourously called, is four years of age, yot turns the scale at loOlbs., measures round tho waist 5ft., while her height is 4ft., so that literally she is broader than sho is long. Sho is bright, intelligent, aud remarkably pretty, her head, being covered with a mass of goldoffhair. Hosizodoes notinterfore in the least with her activity, as sho may bo seon playing with the othor childron of tho villiago, or wan dering. iii their company through the country lauea. The appetite is enormous. A .peculiarly sad case of suicide has just occurred at Kiichbeig, Saxony. During tho Franco-German war a Kirchborg soldier bravely rescued a comrade from peril, and in doing so lost his own lifts. The rescued man belonged to ijwiusau, uisu ox oaxony, ami in recognition ot the gallant act of his dolivor tho town has ever since supported tho widow of . tho Kirohlierg soldier. But tlie woman never believed that her husband was dead. Sho always insisted that hu was still in Franco, aud was forcibly detained thoio. Her sorrow so preyed upon hor that lately she gave signs of weakened intellect aud a few mornings ago hor body was taken l'roin a pond hear ICirch berg. A Kiitt'SPAPElt paragraph says that the piles of old London BriUgo, put down in the year 900, are still sound, tho water and tho blue mud of the Thames having porserved them. A faemee in the Logan district, Queensland, killed a duck tho other day, and found in the gizzard a small quantity of gold which realized twelve shillings and sixpence. There is a schooner just now lying in an American harbour, where it put in for repairs, which, according to tho account given in the New Yorli Times, cannot find a crew to man it on ac count of a ghost which is reported to haunt it. During a recent trip, runs the story, the captain of tho vessel was accidently killed, and on reach ing tho harbour tho crew were discharged with the exception of the mate, the cook, and the cabin boy, who remained on board tho vessel. Very shortly, however, tho mate, showed symp t-ms of nervous depression, and communicated to another man the cause of his condition, namely tricks nightly played by the captain's ghost. He was kept awake, ho alleged, by the most out rageous performances imaginable; ho distinctly hoard the defunct captain's voice giving orders, and the cabin boy corroborated the statement. Summing upon their courago the -two wont on deck, accompanied by the cook, on hearing a fearful thump, and thore thoy found ovidencos of a ghost's pranks in the disturbed condition of things. A second night's experience fairlv dis mayed the threo, who abandoned the schooner ; .and so great is tho impression caused by the story thoy have rotated of tho noctornal rambles of tho captain's ghost, that not even the offer of vory liberal pay can induce seaman to go on board this haunted craft. Good Resolutions. — At tho commencement of every new year hundreds aud thousands of our goung mon — and old as well — form resolu tions for thoir guidance for the coming yoar. Many keep thom, while others break thom. To such we wish to give a word of advico. In ordor to sustain your determination of leading a bettor life in the future you should use Hop Bitters. The judicious use of Hop Bitters strengthens, cleanses, aud purifies tho stomach, bowels, blood, liver, nerves, and kidnoys, and is just | what you want to build up and invigorate your- i self. — Qreenbusli V .S .A., Dem. Eoad A repesentative of an American journal has lately interviewed Mr. Clemens, the mother of Samuel L. Clemens (Mark Twain). She is an alert old lady of 82, and fold some quaint stories of her son's childhood. She thinks that ho did not so mueli resemble hie hero. Tom Sawyor as the vagabond boy, Hucklobury Finn, wlioxo amusing adventures have latoty boon published. Iu ono rospoct he resembled both these young gontlemen, for he had as deep-rooted an objec tion as either of them to going to school. 'His father and I,' Mrs. demons said, ' scolded? i-nn v n.l n Tul r.niii-Kml nil in vain TTn -av-1 1 1 li pretend to go, and then play truant all day.'*] At last, when his father died, Sam being then 10 years of age, his mother thought to mako au impression ou him by taking him into tho room where tho cofiin lay. ' Sam,' sho said, ' I want you to promise me ono thing.' Tbo hoy guessed what was coming, and with streaming eyes cried out, 'Mother, anything but go to school.' Whereupon Mrs. Clemens, it seems, ' oonoludod to let it alone.' Master Sam is do cidoly ' all thore.' During a storm last week at Spring Cieek, near Yass, tho lightning singed tho hair of a girl and the crape 011 a boy's hut, both boing children of a fanner numed' Smith. The small flash split- up two trees and shattered tho limbs of one into splinters. 1 Cruelty to a servant girl.— At tho llallina Police Court,.. oil Monday, August 10, Air. Collins, the manager of tho A.J.S. Bank, and his wifo woro fined £44 in all for cruelly ill treating a sorvant girl named Mary O'Noil. Tho evidonco wont to show that Mrs. Collins coinpollod tho girl to go about with nothing but hor bodico and a potato bag 011, that sho was beaton with a broom haudlo, boots, &c.;, and hor hair pulled out, and sho was lifted up by tho throat. Tho ovidenco disclosed almost un parulloled cruelty^, ' TllE;..world is\a looking- glass, and gives back to overy ihan tho l-efloction of his own fuco. Frown at it, and it will in turn look sourly upon you; luugh'at it and'.with it, and it is a jolly kind companion ; anil so let all young persons tuko their choice.'— Thackeray. ? De n't stop my paper, printer, Don't striko my liaino off yot ; You know the times aro stringent, And shillings are hard to got; -I hato to ask my neighours To give me thoirs ou loan ; Thay don't just say, but moan it, ' Why don't you havo your own ?' I cannot do without it, It is no use to try , For other people take it, And, printer, so must I; I, too, must keop posted, And know what's going on, Or feel and bo accounted A foggy simpleton. So, printer, don't you stop it, Unless you want my frown, For here's a year's subscription, And credit it right.down, And sond the paper promptly, And regularly 011, And let it bring us weekly , . Its welcomed bonison. ' ' 