Tlie King of Bavaria. Munich, June 21. I At to-day's sitting of the Upper House of the Diet, which was attended by nearly all the members as well as all the Princes and Ministers, Herr Neumayer submitted a report of the deliberations of the Secret Committee on the Regency question. He stated that the committee had examined Doctors Grasshey, Hubricb, Hagen, and Mueller concerning the pro fessional opinions isrhich had been giveu upon the condition ofthe late King, and particularly regarding the' details of the disease called parannia and the results of the post-mortem examination. Tbe com mittee bad further heard the views of Herren Ziegler and Mueller, former secretaries of his late Majesty's private Cabinet, the servants Hesselschwerdt, Meyer, and Belker, who had latterly been his Majesty's sole personal attendants, and also Baron Horn, the Master of the Horse, who had for many years been in close intercourse with the King. Finally, a number of less important witnesses had been examined by the committee. From the material thus collected it appeared that his Majesty's malady had developed itself through a mania for solitude which rendered any communication with the outside world actually detestable to him. The disease was further traoeable to the terrifying hallucinations which caused bis Majesty sometimes to roam about for hours and then agaiu to remain in pro tracted seclusion, when he fancied that he saw knives before bis eyes. The malady had also grown out of a fantastic craving for forming projects of various kinds. Ou one occasion, for instance, his Majesty sent Baron Horn toCapri iuor ler to discover tbe best means of artificially illuminating the blue grotto at that place. In conclusion, Herr Neumayer stated that the King wished to sell Bavaria in order to purchase for himself a kingdom where he could reign as absolute Monarch, and that tbe State documents, aud even the collective request addressed to bim by the Ministry on May 6, were left by his Majesty to be dealt with by his grooms. Now that the King is interred, the financial arrangement of bis affairs commences. An accurate computation has sbown that his debts amount to 20,000,000 marks. He 'left no private fortune in ready money. The ouly proper y of value which he possessed consisted of his castles, although many expensive arrangements in tbem were solely adapted to special whims or in clinations of the late King. Meanwhile those castles have passed into the hands' of the State. A fact characterising ; the state of the late King's mind hasjUBt be-' come known— namely, thatLudwig. II., when recently his financial perplexities became very grievous, commanded ,his servaute to organise a band of brigands for the purpose of robbing bankers in' Berlin, Vienna, and Munich. Woman'sSpbebe — There are few *nen now so beniglitd as to believcthat woman's migsiou can be summed up in Shakespeare's words ' To suckle fools and chronicle small beer.'. Yet a womAn is none the worse'for knowing how to bake bread or make a costard, and io both these little arts the ia greatly assisted by Messrs. Eoi-wlck k Sons, who, for her conveni ence, hBve produced their celebrated 'Baiting Powder' and Gold Medal 14 Custard Powder.' With the former article the most palatable brend, cakes, and pastry can; be produced spiiO'lily, and with marvellously little trouble: whilst, with tlie'laitor, she ia independent of tbe doiuoKiic hen, and can milke the most dtlicionr ciiNtRrds, blau'cmnnges, See;, at half tke usual time Ghosi'h.— An attempt is being mado'iti tho old country io revive the belief in visitait from another world, and many are the wonder fal stories that fill Borne of the journals. The sceptical mind is, however,. inclined to adobt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost : ' How do ( know that jou are not a bit of undigested bread?' for, of til tbe ghost producers, a bit bf ' bcary' bread is the most potent, }t jfl a won. der, therefore, that people do cot adopt the surest spell agaiiiBt ghoBts by using Borwick's Gold Medal iBaking Powder in making bread ;' for, although i it won't ' raise ghosts,' it wfyl raise bread, in the moal: Admiiable fashion. Evsrjr wisa/. storekeeper iljai it by him/ and1 very good houiewlic bun it. 