THE HAY JOCKEY CLUB HANDICAP, (7b the Editor of the IHvcrine Graci'cr.l ? ? Sir,— Will vo.u allow 'mb' thtbligh* tho medium of your valuable papor to mako)iv 'fow remarks nnont tho Hay Handicaps (?) (otherwise presentation) to bo corapetod for by the 'nvnors of tho raco horsos All - Gold, Hogmonay aud Hoctor, aif by all record-i'' thoro can bo but those throo'horsos in tho'raco.' ? To start with, by begiumug tho'' Handicap!: lit tiio'riditmlbiiisly light impost of 8st 71lw 'Mr .Vowlns nt nn™ mito w of tho raco nt least two thirds ^of thoso entorcJ.fib A surh animals us Juuiuh, Stonebryko. Bces.winc,' otc, would hare 110 show in a bnndicap whore All Golil'ia \? |)itclifor!:ed in at such a woiulit,. HowoVor, I will' i bogin by comparing a fow of tho woinhts, nnd will «how that for boing boaton, certain horsos in tha raco havo now toconeodo woight to thoso lrom whom thoy suffered dofour. In the Hillston Uahdienp 'Junius carrying 8st lib was bcaton by Whoro'a- tho Cat 9,-t 21bH and Jielon.Sdii ipib', for which performance my horso is now asked to. carry 7st lOlbs'to thoir 8st'4lbs and 8st. rotpectivoly, in other woxxls for boing bcaton I am asked to givo Uolon Olhs and tho :Cat 71us, I am also askod to givo pounds of weight! to Solo, Hogmynaynnd J3oea«infr, tho lattor tho winner of tiio doublo nt Urana. Comus who was handicapped at 8st 8lbs and Sst Olbs at Bourko is thrown in horo at (ist'131b-. Khedivo A.i ho won tho doublo at Bal ranald is in at 6-t, but tho crowning absurdity of t.hn Ilandicap is reaehod when Hoctor, who is admitted the bost lior.-o on thoL^clilan is quiet ly allotted tho I'rnsning impost ot.tist BIIib. In all local handicaps Hector is plnced top weight, or thoro abouts. I could cito many othor equally absurd cases but think that . I luvo said onough to show tho uttor ubsurdity of MrVowlcs* production'. I cannot however close ' this lottcr without referring to tho weights allottod to tho horsos' ontorod for tho hurdle vaco. ' Glaucus at Hillston carried lOst iSlbs to Sir 'llonry's'l 1st' 7b and beat him, but for this'ono victory 'hb.(Glaue.!is) is now asked to meet Mir Honr.v upon a stolio aiid'n half worso torms, whilo Redhght who also . beat tlio lattor horso (at about tho samo woights os.Ghiucus u'a did) is now rocoiving 7lbs from him. . I will liow procoed to review thu position held by Hector iu this Ifandicap. In tho Hosohili Hurdlo Euco Inst year Hector carriod Ost 71bs, started at 2 to 1 on him, and romped in an oasy winnor; a shore timo afterwards he carriod list 71bs and ran into a placo,' for this po'rformauco he is .now allowod n fltono. and llvo pounds from Glaucus, whoso' solo porformanco over sticks is winning tha Hillstcn. Hurdle' Unto, for which only throo started, fivo pounds from Strikrr who has never boon ovor a hurdlo in his life, 31'bs from Got At, who ran two good lasts in; tho Mossgiol 1 arid Ivnnhoo Handicaps, and meets Esca af.o'vo'n weiuhtt, who also has n» vor up to this boon over a hurdle. ' I t.hink'I need say' no moro to show' the utter absurdity of ontrusting tho framing of country handicaps to porsons. whoso solo intorost in tho ovonts thoy aro nsked to adjust . tlio weights for, is tho minor ono of roceiving tho customary fivo puiners. nnd who to my nersoniil knowleilao usuallv ask thn ^ them an idea of tho woights to bo allottod to the horsos in tho race, scribblo thoir name at tho end of tho production, aud caro not ono jot that persons who may havo spoilt their last shilling in training a horso for a cortain raco bo left without n ghost of a show of ovor running into a place. Apologising for tres passing so much upon your space.— I am Yours otc., E. E.: BEE WEE'.' 