The Long and York Debates. The fourth of the series of debates arrange! to come elf betweon Mr.'H. A. Long, of Glas gow, hi d Dr. J. L. Tork, of California, on subjects dealing with Christianity and Seou laiism, took place last night. The Aoademy of Uiuie was not so orowded as during the pre vious debates of last week. AU parts wero, however, filled, excepting a few of the baok seats. Mr. W. Widdop oooupied the ohair. Ho rcHU mu cuuuiLiuu^ ui uuuniwj nuu auuuuuuou that owing to the indisposition of the Hon. W. H. Groom, M.L.A., Mr. Kinnaird-Boas would in that gentleman's absence, tako the chair to-night. The subject for debate for last evening was tho inme aa that of Thursday last, namely, 'Is the Bible plonarily and divinely inspired ?' Dr. Yobs, on rising to open the debate in the negative, was received with loud applause. He said as there were probably soma persona there who were not at the previous de bate on the aamo subjeot he would maVi a few preliminary remarks. He aiked if the Bible hod been proved to bo plenarily or divinely inspired ? He defined the word plenary an meaning full and complete. The Bible to be plenarily and divinely inspired must mean that every woid, every verse, and every chapter wero divinely inspired or they wera nit divinely inspired at all. They were told about lions that refused to cat Daniel, yet would forcoioufly devour others. Thon there was tho stoiy of fire refuting to burn the time Helrew children. Professor Huxley, in his distuesion on religious nutters iu the 'Nineteenth Century,' ably refuted many of tho absurd stories and mirao'03 of the Bible. Passing from the Old Testament to the New Tnofntncnt Tin /Tin VnT-l^ oof' i^»OT7 worn mn with tbo inmaouluto oanoeptiona of Elizabeth, and Mary. There woro two gonoalogica of JeBUJ, waioh in t!'.?rftSQlYeg destroyed the nlen orr inspiration of those statements. Onaof the Gospel writers states that Jesus was descended fiom Eli, and anothor said he was descended from Jaoob. Whioh was true? How waa that for plenary P Those and a mul titude of other mistakes, quashed the statement that tho Book was divinely inspired. Christ contri dieted both Moses andHimeelf . Jeausoiid the law pjiould not pass away, yot he destroyed the law Himself. Matthew and Luke did not agreo In refeienoe to the appearaaoo of tho angel at the sepulohro. Matthew said tho angel Bat in tho sepulchre, Luko says two angola stood outside tho sepulob.ro. Which was oorroot P These discrepancies wero. human. No two mm would give the same description of a horse race or a dog- fipht. J hit was natural a'ad hiiran. Ho ..contended that the dieore p ncios mentioned, and others to be found, provod that tho Bible was not divinely in ipired. bnt merely a human production as any other book. These disoropanoioa did not de stroy tho Bible as a fabrio of human constrno \- tion, but they did certainly provo it was not plenarily and divirely inspired. Whon tho Christian talked about tha dootrino of eternal \- punishment, of babes in hell, and fluoh other horrible dcotrinos, it would bo well for the Christian to say on what they predioted suo doolrines. Ho believed in another Ufa beyond tho grave, and that Lo would meet his dear ones there. Eternal law was his father, and eternal law hiB mo'.her. (Laughlor and ap plause). Yes, he was soiontifio when he said that. Law brought them all thoro, and law would tako them baok again. They had fall cognisance of law, bnt they had not cognisano] cf God. Mr. Long, on rising to speak in th« affirma tive, was received with loud applause. He begged them to give him neither approba tion or disapprobation. Ho should negative the subjoct bb treated by his opponent in general, and then in detail. Dr. York, had said repeatodly, 'I love Joeui.' Now, they would allow that Christ inspiral the prophets in all ages. If they osuld succeed in proving that these, prophets wero ia error then th-y would prove ChriBt in error. 'What,' aaid Mr. Long, ' 1-jVO Jesus, win leads millions astray p' Our Lord was the personal Word of God. [Hero Mr. Long road paBSBgesof Soripture proving ihatJosua was the Word of God ] Dr. York had said that thero was an inncront power of motion in matter. Ho (Mr. Long) would road a book on \the 'Properties of Matter,' by P. G. Taite, ,' secretary of the Boyal Sooiety of Engineers, \On page 91, chapter 0, paragraph 118, it was stated in effect that thero was no revo lutionary activity in mattsr. The statement that there was inherent motion in matter was contrary to the iirtt axiom of science as given by Newton, and whioh had never been dis proved Bince that great philosopher affioned that axiom. Tho line of nature had boon diverse at some time from what it is now. Dr. York had 'sat on the roil' in reference to a belief in a God. Christiana never taught that man could work niiraoles. None but God worked miracles.. They had firut to provj that thero wa8 lo personal God before they oould disprove miracles. He hod never heard of tha immaculate conception of either Sarah or Elizabeth till that night. In reference to Dr. York's statement in regard to the passage of Scripture whioh said, 'This generatioa shall not pass away,' he (Mr. Long) aaid that had a plain and ovidont reference to the Jews, who, he olaimod, lived to-day to prove the truth of that propheoy. Secularists had to recognise the Lord, for they had to date their letters from the birth of Jeaus — the opening of the Christian era. Dr. Yobk waa again well received. Ho asked how could he judge of tho truth and inspiration of the Bible only from what that book stated? In reference to Mr. Long's statement tbat^none but the Christians saw tin dead on the day of tho resurrection, he said if the dead were to be seen at all on that day, then everyone could have seen the ghosts. In answer 'to Mr. LoDg's alleged ref cita tion of hu (Dr. York's) statement that there waa «n inherent motion in matter, he laid science proved that chcmioil action in matter generates or creates force, and force pro duces motion. In the eamo book read by Mr. Long it waa stated that, 'Every body per eeveies in its state of rent or uniform motion in a straight line in so far as compelled to do so by force.' David, not content with oursing his enemy, ouraed the grey-haired mother and children of that enemy. Such a prayer, in which that ourse was to be found, would be a disgrace to the devil, if Buoh an infernal evil power did exist. David's moral and spiritual condition must have been out of order. D&vid; must have had a cold-blood religion, something like Calvinism, for instanoe. The Bible was not universal in its application to man. The ooean, the air, and animal and vogetablo life were full of inspiration to the student of soienoo and nature. Mr. Loko was received with loud and oon tinned applause. He said he was not going to talk about religion at all, but would talk a little about soience. Matter was ultimately resolved into an atom. An atom was the least con ceivable form of matter. If it was an atom then there was no force in it. Newton wig right whon he said that matter was pissive, and that matter was acted upon ab extra — from without. There was no chemist in the world who would tell them that thero was anything in an atom. Dr. York had said that the Bible told him about infants in hell. Would Dr. York read parts of the Word to prove that statement ? If law waa divine, then it had a divine origin. Dr. Yobk, on rising to roply, waa r. -reived with applausa. He paid Mr. Long wanted him (Dr. York) to read from the book If Mr. Long would turn over to those passages of the Bible, 'sustaining the Oalvinistio doctrise of in fant damnation, then he would be glad to read from tho Word. (Applause.) The Bible wai not plenarily insp'red because it contained much that was not clear, muoh that was erroneous, and also not pure. Did it require inspiration for a man to tell the truth, excepting tha love of truth? Profepsor Huxley in hia reosnt diB ouuicn with Mr. W. E. Gladstone, the British Iremier, in tho 'Nineteenth Century' asserted and proved with the ability and clearness peculiar to a Huxley, that; the Eciontifh state ments contained in Genesis wore ont of harmony with faota brought to light by amonoa. Mr. Loho, on rising to reply, was wall re ceived. He said ho would talk about science again. They hiard Dr. York talking about a Divine Father. Dr. York was again straddling the rail |.They all balioved that that discussion was dr. wing to a close. W -is that aoienoe ? No. That was not soienca, though it was true. Yet they were told that if it wai not scientific it wns true. The Bible did not tell them what became of the dead on the day of resurreotion. Dr. York said that Calvinism was found in the Bible. 'Yes,' said Mr. Long, 'it ia.' But there was nothing in the Book about infant damnation. [Here Dr. York asked Mr. Long if he believed in infanta being in lull. Mr. Long replied 'No,' and further said, for Dr York'4 information, that he did not believe a man was in hell ] Tho Bible said that at the last day the wicked would be oast into hell, but not before (Lond cries of 'Oh! oh!') Mr. Long here Btopped in his remarks and said he would not go on until quietude wat arrived at. Tho opposite party had no cos mogony to put in the plr.ee of the cosmogony of Moses. They could not account for tho origin of man except they trotted out the gorilla. Tho ledy who laughed at him had evidently oome from a gorilla. (Great distur banoo, hisses loud and oontinued, and cries of ' Don't insult a lady.') Thia brought tho diacuision to a olose, and the audience dispersed after the usual vote of thanka to tho ohairman. Tho subjeot for debate to-night will bo on tho question, 'la Ohriatianity of Divine origin.' Affirmative — Mr. H. A. Long ; nogative — Dr. J. L. York. Chairman, Mr. Kinnaird Rose. 