THE RELIGION OF SCIENCE. By RICHARD A. PROCTOR. THE BIRTH OF RIELIGIOUS IMPRESSIONS. Although we may assign a definite posi tion, in the development of the religious ideas of a race, to some particular class of thoughts, it must not be forgottfeon.'that there has; been no process of religious stratification.. We cannot say even of any man.that. in such and such a part of his life ideas of one class prevailed, which gave place later to ideas of another class, and these in turn to other ideas, and so forth;:! for .even where a man has seomedd to'.pass by quick transition from' one "religion" to another, the transition los not in reality ,been sudden. Thoviews which seem new have been long. present; 'it has been only by a mental struggle that the. older views have been maintained; Sand all which has in: reality been esudden (if aught has) has been the cessation of the long struggle by' which' the gradual eneroachmnts of more advanced ideas had been resisted. If this is so in the case of a single mind, we may be assured thlat 'there has been proportionate slowness of develIopment, which means a much longer and more complicated process of change, in the religious ideas of races. We cahnot truly say of any race,-at this part of its historythe people believed thus, but at Ssuch and such a time they adopted this or that1 now belief. At every stage of the progress from the infancy of the race t such development as it may .have' at tained, different forms of belief have co existed, even where an outward uniform ity may have been maintained. SIt will not be idle, indeed, to digress here for a moment, in order to consider the kindred lesson taught by the study of other subjects than that with which we are here dealing. In many departments of inquiry, perhaps lin all, the mistake of imagining an undue uniformity and sim plicity. of arrangement has boeen made, andshas seriously affected the progress of research. The earlier astronomers pie tured a solar system of so many similar planets,-a galaxy of uniformly dlistribu ted stars; the geologist clothed the earth · with a series of layers like the skins of an onion: the biologist of old times pictured races of animals as severally descended from single pais; the historian imagined each people descended (as the biologist had imagined, the whole race of man de scended) from a single pair; the chemist had his four elements out of which all things were formed; throughout the whole range of what may be called the science of earlier times we find the under lying idea that the phenomena of science, history, sociology, and religion, are uni form, and the associated problems simple. ' With all the progress of modern inquiry we find the old leaven apparent. In all de partments of science, the .less philosophic and thoughtful-who are altogether the more numerous-fall constantly into the mistake of overlooking the diversityand complexity of the processes whiclh are taking place throughout the universe. In astromony, men preterid to say thus and thus did the processes succeed each other by which the solar system, or this or that part of the solar. system,. were formad, when doubtless not only those processes of which the :evident traces romain,. bpt multitudes of others of which we have no evidence and no conception even, have taken place in varying, degree at all times in the system, and are taking place now. [Consider geology again,-RHow neatly the various eras of the earth's history are 'separated in the mind of the ordinary stu dent of geology; howcomplacently he dis tingiiishes the Eocene, Miocene, Pliocene, and other such periods (precisely as if all were actually seen) from each other, as though at one time the whole earth were 'clothed in one set of garments, at another inman entirely distinct set, and at another in a set altogether changed yet once smore. Or take a specific parb of geological study, the formation of mountain ranges, which illustrates well the' subject of re ligious evolution,-for we may aptly com 'pare man's religious ideas,inherited or de veloped, newly formed or old anil well worn, with the various forms of the earth's surface-contour: Even now, whengeologists have learned to trace the actual processes by which a mountain range is formed, too many 'sto dents of geology have entiiely crroneous (becase too simple) ideas of the way in which the mountain riange reached its actual condition. They picture to them selves.the various stages, when first the crust yielded and moulten matter was ex truded, then next the region thus broken; and loaded sank gradmually beneath the sea and became a vast trough along which matter was deposited, and after this trough had in the course of ages boeon filled (steadily sinking all the time to. depths of many miles) the process was re versed and the great seam thus formed was gradually squeezed upwards by the side pressures of the yielding sea-floors aroundit,whilelastlytheactionofdenuding, forces carved out of the upraisoedmass, the peaks and pinnacles of the present moun tain range. Allthis is right enough. Of all these processeswo have in the Alps and Apennines, the Himalayas and the rocky Mountains, very clear and decisive evi dence. But the processes were not neatly defined and separated as the student.is ap?t to imagine. The process of extrusion, for instance, did not cease when the process of sinking began, but went on still, at.variops places along the original region of yielding. Again the process of sinking with deposition was not uniform, nor did it give place everywhere to a pro cess of uprising: both processes were going on, intermittently and irregularly, at the same time,.while all the time the extrusion of matter was takinig place, thobugh now in new regions. Yet oncemore, sub-aerial denudation did not wait till the upheaval' had been completed before it began its work, but went on in company with the process of upheaval,withbthe pro cess of sinkiig, and even with the process of extrusion, all these' processes acting with 'ever varying degreesof energyand efficiency, and often intermitting their action. If a purely physical problem presents iuch complexity, even where the records of every part.of the work are more or less clealy legible in the darth's drust, we may be' well assured. that the problem of re ligous evolutioin.in -any race of men is not to hbe solved 'by .supposing that such and such religious .ideas were successively displace'd their predecessors. Probably there was never a race of men, however limited in mental activity, or wanting in originality, which held even for a single generation kindred ideas about religion. As certainly as among the savage inhabi tants of a smallislandof Polynesia we find diversities of; size, figure, eomplexion, strength, activity,:intelligence, and the like, so, could the ideas of the tribe about mnatters:religious be ascertained, it would be found that. no two have thought pre cisely or even nearly alike. Itis easy to ,imaginie that they'all have similiar ideas, because only a few among.them can be got to speak about their religious notions and' even these in answeringthe questions of a strangor'can give bhutvague ideas of what' they themselves believe and suppose to be' thd ideis of their fellows. If a member of' som'ast*angenew race came amongacom-. munify-of Christians as found in some small European or American town, and speaking their languaga imperfectly, were to ask the first nine or ten of them to de fine their religious belief, it is very likely that even aniong acommunity with creeds' and catechisms to defile religion, he wouldi obtain answers indicating a' considerable d;versity of opinion,-whether the persons questioned tried carefully their reai thoughts, or as carefullytried toavoid any exact expression of opinion. It would be curious to inquire what such a stranger would be apt to infer respectingtho Chris tian religion if he pursued his inquiry very carefullyand earnestly. Probably if the experiment could be tried it would dispose us to, adopt with considerable caution the accounts which have been col locted of the various forms of belief enter tained by savage races. Assuredly, it would show that if among the members of a small community of Christians there is a marked diversity of views, there must be more marked diversity still among savage communities; and that therefore Sthere can have been no such uniform dove lopement of religious ideas even in asihgle human race as some students of religious evolution appear to imagine. Still less can we imagine that in every race of men, there was the same succession of religious strata,-aso to describe general ideas about matters religions as distingnuished from definite religious dogmas. I imagine then that while we must re gard the general impression produced by natural objects, forces, and processes, as the'embryonic form of the religious senti ment, indivuality being ascribed to every thing which influenced the lifo of the savage man, this impression was cx perienced in very different degrees by different races, and by different mom bers of the same race. How far back we mniy trace the beginning of this idea it were difficult to say; but it must have been predent long before pas toral or agricultural pursuits began; it must havebelonged to the time when our altogether wild ancestors, forest-haunting or cave inhabiting, first became conscious of their constant contest 'with the forces of nature, with other animals, with their fellow men. We umay even, when we see our remniote 'linsmen, the Gibbons, wel coming the rising of the sun with noisy geoticulhtions, conceive that even in those mere animals the germ of the thought is present that the sun is a warm personal friend-a thought certainly adopted by many of the lowest races of savages, though it required many thousands of years of culture to develope it into a definite solar religion. And, if tihe vague idea of personality in natural objects of forces was diversely distinct in different minds even among small communities of child men, how still more diverse must have been. the way in which the idea eventually became developed that this personsality was human, and that the power and volition conceived to be present in sun, moon, and stars,j in cloud and storm, in mountain and river, in trees and animals, were derived from men who had once livedupon the earth. Mr. Spencer's ghost theory is comparatively simple so far as it relates to the development of ancestor- worship as such; but manifestly we can only accept it in a very complex form as related to tho development of nature-worship. Not only would different races of men, it may be presumed, form very different ideas of the way in which the spirits of the dead animated objects of different orders, from some small animal to., the sun in his glory, and the moon walking in. light, but among the members of one and the same tribe there must ori ginally have been great diversity of views op a subject such as this. We must re member that whatever ideas we may now find prevalent in a tribe of savages inmust have been initiated by individuals, and were probably only known to such indivi dual thinkers for many generations. The hunter who was led by the varying for tunes of the chase to attribute good or evil inifluences to' particular natural objects or phenomena, and so to conceive the idea that they possessed a personal individual ity akin to his own, would probably keep the idea to himself-either because it would not be worth his while to do other wise, or because it might seem well worth his while to keep such special knowledge of his to himself. And so with men who lived otherwise than by ihunting. In many generations such ideas would be' entertained, in very diverse forms, by individuals, before they began to be com mon property. But if this were so with that eairly and comparatively general notion, much more would it be apt to he the case when some among the members of a race began to attribute human per sonality to natural objects or phenomena. The recognitionof a second self, a'soul or spirit, suggested by the phenomena of dreams, trances, catalepsy, and so forth, probably began earlier, and was more generally and uniformly diffused. For here specific phenomena, alike among all races of men, and not very different even among.different individvals, were in ques tion-while the same phenomena were wit nessoed by many, 'were talked over by those' who hid witnessed them, and bu came in fact after a fashion matters of scientific inquiry. I imagine that among ninety-nine races out of a hundred, and among nine men out of ten in any race, the idea would be adopted that every man has a second self, which may leave him whdn he sleeps or becomes insensible, re turning and reanimating his body when' he comes to himself : (the very words now so familiarly used imply the old doctrine in its old form).'. One can see also that in the great majority of cases (that is among nearly all races, and amon most of the individuals of each race the idea would be entertained that the breath represented, or actually was, this second self; for in sleep the breathing isscarce perceptible. Thus tihe. second self would be regarded as a spirit' or breath, and death would come to be regarded quite generally as merely the' prolonged, perhaps final, departure of the spirit or breath from the other or bodily self. In passing, too, we noteothat as the proper second 'self could pass away and return to its companion body, so on occsa sion other spirits good or bad might make that body their temporary home, giving in one case "inspiration" in a good sense (very definitely believed, I imagine, in old times to be what its name implies, an in.breathing) and in the other "posses sion" in an evil sense. These ideas would prevail long before any idea of nassociating religious sentiments with them would be entertained, and still longer before the thought of assigning what had been human spirits to natural objects or powers would suggest itself even to the mere imagination.-Knowledge. 