I^HE STORYTELLER. ; Ohost or Guardian. : . ?' '. CHApiiRiii. .:,'-;?.:? i.T THE FULL OF THE MOON. \ '„;;; .'.('Ihere they go !' said the doctor ' cheerily, as he took his place at the ;?. , .dinner-table. . I i- ?)?!::: fThere they go' ! said Patienoe dole fully. f Now for the echoes.' ; ' ' Both remarks were called forth by jt'j K'^/trap1ping and shuffling o£ feet along ,/ /:;Jstoiip passages; an opening and shut tine of- doors, which seemed to come .„..,', from the, kitchen quarters, and which :t }Vi evidently betokened that the servants i'jwere departing in a body. ?i'--;-:;The''dimng-ro6m, like the other rooms 1 ;- in the Manor House, was' low-ceiled j .and oakrpanelled. A cheery log fire ',-? j. blazed ;on the hearth ; wax candles, in ? i - :big branching candolebra, shed a soft !-: ;' though somewhat uncertain1 light upon ''„,' i'.i'well-spread table, a silver coflee-urn ; and cups on a sideboard. ??ii: -ir-.il i'Nqw. that X am accustomed to this ???? /::arrangem9nt,-' said the doctor, flcon ? ' fess I ,prefer: it to. any other. It ;;: t' Bhortens considerably the final inealof ''??'' .'.'?' ^he]day, ^nd p,rbnortionably. lengthens my evening ('Mtdnigbt; suggested Pa r:i-.-.ii. tierice') hours of study. . Conventions ! !' Patience let the remark pass. She ; did ^ot'say what w.^s on the very edge ' .of .her tongue, that to wlQra,Boever. .l^'Ufe conventions iwejw a bano they \'.' A most, assuredly were - nothing of the ??-?}'? sort to the' dootor ; 'seeing that he v-!l ended a meal whenever he felt dis ?Tpose(l, by getting up and walking '' 'away from it, arid began his 'evening' '^ hours of study whenever he chose to go into his deji and shut the door. i :,','??! .,'Afl-for Frank, if he. had said any thing at all, it would have been ,: . . }(|ji:i'.i ' I don' fc know-about last meals of ??'?t\\\e day in general, 'but I do wish that this particular last meal could be dis pensed with! I hope I shan't be ,.yi ifdiotic and break down before it's half over.' ' '.?'?' i}. r.J8or'i strange; to say, there was Btea iog over him that hal£-dazad| ha vacant feeling which of lato had been the precursor of some of his worst. at- tackn of lientlacho, and tho lik.o of which he had not esppri'-nnnl rihuh h« li'id .?-«!. off nil ' liiii |)orci«-iiii|t.i ui.«. '_' He p.illi'H hiimnlf together ivt'i an cIT'irt; lit) rilrqvit.to iiiit' heartily. nii-ltn imiIpp heartily into el-iiv-.r.Hiitiui with ?tins', il'iotor, who Beemoil inclined to Inn I ofF, iholalk brilliantly by ranewing 61m disquisitions upon tho lack of- origin ality in tho whole human race (is com pared with the ondloss. diversity and variety of tho plant-world. 'Prosent'tho same idea to twenty or, thirty people,' he wont onto say, ' they'll every one of them on the spur of the moment, do tho same thing. I speak from a large pro fessional experience. I tried the ex periment scores of times. You .tell a man that nothing in the world ails him, and that he can do inoro for himself than any number of doctors. Straightway he'll say to you, ' I'm afraid you don't understand my pecu liar constitution, Doctor '— they all think they have peculiar constitutions, when they're as like each other as two peas — and nest day you'll hoar that he has sent for your dear friend, Dr. Someone-or-othor, who's physicking him away as hard as ever he can, The want of idosyncrasy in the. human race issbmething' appalling.' Patience :was very silent throughout the meal. Her thoughts were full of the old legend to which she had been an unwilling listner. Opposite to her, as she sat at the table, hung a big picture of 'The Assumption of the Virgin ' in which, bo the doctor had Slid, the ill-starred painter had put the likeness .of the lady of his heart. Patience looked at it with a new, strangely awakened interest — in fact,' found it difficult to withdraw her eyes from it to continue the commonplace business of eating and drinking. The face portrayed was pallid, spiritual, ecstatic The light from the candles on the sideboard beneath seemed to throw. a nimbus round it, leaving the details of the picture in darkness. 'Poor girl ! ' Patience kept think ing to herself, ' I could have loved her iE she had stuck to her lover. It was weak and contemptible to give him up. I would have gone out of the house and starved with him. But there, I dare say she suffered enough for it afterwards. The odd part of it all seems that she isn't allowed to be at rest .now that. her sufferings are over. It dffos.n't.seem the right thing that sbe.shdtild be wandering- about doing perianco, as it were— how ridiculous of me!.' Here am I taking it for granted thatthestory is 'true, when I know it is all a make-up— ^tho ghoat part, at any-; rate.; .'I've always said I don't beliey.e in such nonsense, and I'm oer tainj-don't.' . So ;the meal wont on, the Doctor and Prank doing the major part of the conversation^ and Patience being so absorbed in her own thoughts that she did not notice to what an unac customed length the dinner had pro traatad itaalf. . , The Doctor suddenly brought her back with a jerk from her ideal world. ' !!.'? f Patience, my dear,' he said ; ' I am going to talk: science with Mr. Char teris. Would you like to go to bed?' 'To bed at this hour ! ' cried Prank aghast, and wondering more than ever at the manner of jlivirigKwhich pre vailed in this eccentric mansion. Patience jumped up, it seemed al inostwith an air, of relief. ' I always go to bed early ' she said, ' .' It's a relic of my old school habits. And besidos,' this she added confidently as she said her good night, ' one is in one's deepest sleep in the uncanny, hours, and that counts for something here '; which remark frotn the .lips of a young: lady who 'didn't and wouldn't believe rin ghosts ' was of course 'irrelevant and inexplicable. : Frank' and; ithe. Doctor drew their chairs to; the .'fire and lighted their cigars. - ? ' Now,', thought 3?rank,' for the 'feast of reason- and the flow of soul !' I wish to goodness that pain in my head, wouldn't make itself felt just when I want it to be at its clearest and its best. Depend upon it, if an argu ment crops up, tlie Doctor will be a tough antagonist.' But how silent the Doctor had sud denly grown ! Was it his habit thus to smoke in silence ? Or was he lost in thought over some newly discovered plants, whose affinities refused to dis close themselves, and was he longing to be quit of his guest and safely locked in his den to commence his night's work ? £ ruun btitrijuu buo ursu topic. ? ' If I lived in a house like this/ he said, 'the first thing I'd do would be to uubrick 'that mysterious room,, and let the light of day into it.' ' Ah,,' said the Doctor, ' you, would, would you V -. Of all things in the world I hate and, abhor mysteries.* ''You do, do you V ' I qnce heard a mystery defined very aptly as 'The mist with which the slouch of ignqrance covers itself.1 ' 'Did you?' . ' Do away with the one, and the other inevitably disappears.' , 'Does it?1 This was uphill work, certainly. Frank began to feel himself in the way. ' I'm sure he's wishing me at Jericho, and himself in his den,' he thought. Aloud he said : 'I've had a long tramp to-day, and — -— ' The'Doctor jumped up cheerfully.. ' I'm sure you're horribly sleepy j I can see it in your face. There's nothing. :like early hours for young people. I could fell by your conver sation that you were longing to be between- the blanketa.' ? No, that'8'exadtl'y vrhat I'in not — ? to that other two who ., had. once, now Bleepv, I mean — 'Prank began. 'I'll show you to your room at once,' the rlnclup intbrr'iptS'l. 'I'ro had a Hplendi'l Kro ini'le for you.;- ovnrything a« il,-v » il AMrm' in cm ho imagined. Oo-iio illoiit;.'' . Of c.oii'-ro EVank har! to follow, feel iii!» .Tory' iiiiic.il like it child ?lifiinissnd anil sent . to Imd. The iloctur took a night: candle from a nidn table. It made but a feebln patch of light along, the narrow corridor, ~nnd up the wide, desolate-looking staircase which led to the upper floor. The big, bare walls seomx to catch up the sounds of their footsteps and bhrow them back at thorn as they went along, Their very shadows seem to thicken, broaden, and darken, till something other than tbemselvea, they climbed the banisters in front of them and peeped round tho corners at them like so many distinct; personalities. At the top of the staircase the. doctor threw the light of the candle on the big picturo of Curtius taking his leap into the gulf. It was not a badly, painted picturo — tho snorting, terri fied horse, with distended nostrils and wide staring eyes, disappearing in tho black dimness 'of the Gnlf, gave a stamp of horror to it which the. small headed Roman soldier would have failed to impart. Beneath this pic ture stood an ancient oak dower-chest, the half- bricked up doorway ' was consecruentlv entirelv hidden from view, and Patience's mistake as to the contiguity of her room to the corridor could bo easily understood. ' If I were you, doctor ? ,' Frank began. But the doctor turned Bharply round the corner of the corridor, and cut his speech short by throwing open the door of his room. A bright fire in a big, well- furnished chamber was before them. 'Good night,' said the' doctor ; 'I hope you'll sleep right off like a top till morning. He lighted the candles about the room as he spoke, evidently afraid of losing a single moment of his precious hours of study. il wish,' said Frank, ' you'd produce from that dispensary of yours down stairs a good, strong sleeping-draught. I'm sure I shan't get a wink of sleep to-night, I daren't open a book the last thing ; it bewilders my head just now.' The doctor laughed heartily. 'My dear fellow, you're as sleepy as a man can be ; I can see it in your face. I never give sleeping-draughts — have a rooted antipathy to them. JuBt pull off your boots, and turn in as quickly as possible. I'll undertake you'll be in the land of nod before I've had time to turn up my lamp and get to work. Good night.' Frank kicked off his boots, seated himBelf on the edge of his bed facing the fire, and began to soliloquise some what in this fashion : 'I've seen a few eccentricities in my time, but I don't think I've ever come upon one so far gone as this old doctor, It's difficult to make him out ; he seems all corners and as hard as iron, I should say, when once he takes a thing into his head. What a life that girl will lead with him one way or the other j I should say Bhe'd marry the first man who came along, if only to get out of this deadand alive hole. And yet she's not exactly the girl to bo had for the asking, There are girls and girls. ThiB one has the ring of the true metal. It's a down right piece of cruelty to keep her shut up here in this dismal owl's nest, with its echoes and half bricked up chamber Why, that haunted room must join hers. It's enough to give her bad dreams every night of her life. Let me see ; her room is just tho other aide of this corridor, isn't it? — and then comes the ghost-room. No, the ghost room comes first the fourth win dow from here — no, the fifth window. I remember counting them from the botanic garden — the third window from one end of the frontage, the fifth from the other. Now, which way did I begin counting ? From my left hand 1 suppose. But from which corner was it third and which fifth? Con found it ! Is my head getting queer again, or is it, as the doctor said, that I am getting horribly sleepy ?' Patience sat in hor-^own room, her feet on the fender, watching the fire burn itself out. She had taken off her dresB, donned a red dressing-gown over her blue petticoat, let aown ner long black 'hair, and taken up her. 3-volume novel. It was a. lively modern story of fashionable life, with thrilling situations of a sentimental kind. But somehow it received but a scanty attention, the girl's own un dercurrent of thought hindering her eyes from feeding her brain. She had heard the doctor and Frank waking up the echoes of the old house on their way to Frank's room, 'Dear met how did Uncle Richard manage to get rid of him so Boon1!' she wondered.. 'He muBt have told him right out, I suppose, that he wanted to ba alone. What an extra ordinary thing to do ! Now, if I had had the chance af an hour or so of talk with a man like Mr Charteris, I Jnn'l- 4-V.inli- T «T*/tii1s1 It nv a Vtoon in *. hurry to light the bedroom candles. Men always have the best of every thing in life, if they like a person they may sit up half the night talking to him, while girls get sent upstairs to their rooms, and may think them selves lucky if they have a nice book to read when they get there.' Here her novel slipped off her knee on to the rug at her feet. 'Now if Uncle .Eiohard and I could have changed places to-night, I should have said to Mr Charteris : 'I've a lot of splendid cigars——' no, It don't think I should have said that either ; T couldn't talk with groat puffs of smoke coming in my face, I should have said;: 'Let's sit , and. talk' till morning. I'm auro emokbg ; is no good for you,, you look ro.: whitei' And ho does look, w hi to ;and; ill, poor fellow ! I wonder if his mother and sisters look after him and fuss ovor him as they ought, Porhaps Uncle Richard will ask him to stop on hero fora cliange. But this isn't exactly tho place to get strong and well iu either — it's so big, and cold, and oinpry. What an oxtraordinnry idea of lincle Richard's to come and live here away from all the rest of the world. I wonder if there are any other two people in England who lead the remarkable life wo do here ?' From herself and\ Uncle Bichard her thoughts wandered naturally enough some two hundred ? years back, made their home within the same four, walls. ?I dare say that poor girl had a life of it with that cross old father of hers.' she thought, in .her haste to credit the more romantic ghost with all . the virtues, scarcely troubling whether she cavo tho less interesting one his due ; 'I dare say she sat from morning till night at that window of 'hers, watching —watching for something to happen for news to come to her of her lover, and most likely, if she had not fallen out of the window and broken her neck, she would have broken- lior heart instead. Fallen out, indeed ! No such thing. He must have pushed her out, the old horror 1 By rights it ought to be his ghost, not hers, that's set to wander about the house, doing penance for its sins. I'm heartily glad, though, it isn't ! I should dio of fright if I though there was any chance of meeting a wicked old thing like that on the stairs in the middle of the night, Not that I believe in ghost stories for a moment ; they're all nothing but nonsense from beginning to end. It's wicked — down- right wicked — to believe in any such Tubbish. Heigho ; how cold it's getting ! And how low my candle has burned ! I'd better '. make haste into ind nf. nnon. Tf. .would rifi nwfiil tn have to grope one's way about the room in the dark.' This was added with something of a shudder, as she surveyed her diminish ing fire and light. It was true that, independently of the low fire and candle, the room looked cheery enough. Uncle Bichard though he had not run riot in the luxuries which of late have come to bo deemed necessities of a Bleeping depart ment, had left nothing wanting that comfort demanded in the way of sofa, thick curtains or easy chairs. But it was impossible for Patience as she aat there to exclude from her mind, let her surroundings within be what they might, the consciousness of outside loneliness, emptiness and gloom; of the packed-up, mildewing furniture over-head ; of the yards upon yards of long, empty desolate rooms, staircases and corridors below, and above all of the contiguity of the half-bricked-up room just at the other side of the wall, within a few feob of the head of her bed. She pulled up her blind and drew back her curtain^ so as to got tho benefit of the full moon, which she knew would be soon shining round the corner of the house. How weird and dismal the shadowy garden and overgrown orchard looked in their graveyardstillness, with their white swelling mists wrapped about them ! Not the flutter of a distant bird, nor faintest flap of a flitter ing wing broke the: silence. An artist no doubt, might have discovered all sorts of fantastic, shifting shadows and lights' amid the white1 gloom; a poet might have said some fine things about the grandeur and picturesqueness of a neglected solitude ; bul to the eye of the girl of eighteen, witli irrepres sible instinctB and cravings for home pleasures and companionship, it passed muster easily enough' for tho court of the grim King Death himself. As she laid her bead on her pillow, a sudden, sweet thought came to hor — a thought which might be almost called holy for the intensity with which it: held her. Whence, how it came, she know not. It might have been wispored straight into her ear by a human voice for the direct yet dis jointod manner in which it thrust itself upon her. What if, after all, to this poor, sin less, nameless ghost this after-death of unrest were accorded, not as a penance but as a privilege-^-a ? sort of recom pense for the ills she had suffered in Ii Ee f . What higher guerdon or reward could any one hope for than this, the privilege of playing the part of minfmnn nnnal +rt ,4-Y*s*etr* ? mtin win Ina risk of the ill -from' which she had so bitterly suffered ? ? 'If I were ; a , ghost,' thought Patience, 'there's nothing I should like bettorthan wandering about the world, taking ,. caro of people, and telling them to help each other, and be kind to each other. Why, it would be every bit as good as going out in the Zenana Mission ' — Patience had at one time set heir heart upon going out to the East to enlierhten the female Hindoo. 'That old Sir Geoffrey ought to be ashamed of himself for running off in a fright simply because she came - and told him to open his purse a little of tener. Now, if I were a ghost, and could' come and go in a house like this, how 1 would enjoy giving Unole Richard a fright now and then ! I would go into his study every night, and tell him he ought to be ashamed of himself, sitting there working out what he calls his 'natural system V of botany, when some poor man or woman in the village is dying for want of a dootor. And every, time any one fell ill, I woald go and say right into his ear, just as she did: ?Some one is wanting help; some one is wanting help.' Yes, I like thpao words, and they are the very words a puardian angel would be likely to say if power of speech wero givon;her, Call her a guardian angel ! i Yes, and I'll bellovoiu her. Ghost! Oh dea no ! I'll have nothing whatever jto do with him.1 , ? ?'?''.- Now, to transform a ghost into a guardian angel is something equivalent to turning a' noxious poison into a sleeping draught. Under the soothing influence of the thought, Patienco oloBtvl her eyes, and fell as'.cep., (To be' Oontinuetl.y . 