Pwrnnpe there will bo a good attendance of the fceazbors of tho Pastoral Society on the lGth October. Ttioreforo .many important matters to consider, and anVeffofct Should be made' to introduce new blood and mum. needed energy. One important matter is the redaction of tho snbscription. It is now £3 3b; ssum alWether too large oxcopt for wealthy men. TW. Qn»t£^a(,nnu/nim tn oo TMAmf.AM nil aettlers^^®Qre' has been a very large increase of settlemiftfilfttoly, and mora may be expected as the Land Acfci&m;^rn availed of : therefore a feo of £1 Is seems to wj&fcr; .better than tho higher rato. Wo believe th£|SyjVould be more members, and the interest^M^Hlho Sociolj' and its operations would be univ^rsalambng all classes. Tho pim should be not to eijtlude by a high subscription any class of settlers/i^fiich would lead , to 'a Boroness inimical to tho Societyvjti^othor important question is the holding offia^ticnllanU or Spring Show in con nection witF jW Spring .races. It need not bo |vnilftiA|^^pVere is no doubt it would do much I) y^ndJLi BgQ ^Nfnotfea t tu ro. floritjulture, poultry tising, and dairying. A special prize list might be ropared, too, for all articles mauiffavbuiod in- tho, jwn, which would stimulato our artizans. This is i important matter. If special prizes could bo Kered for girls and youths' work, it would bo a vory Teat thing. Another mattor that might bo dis cussed U tho advisability of sending the secretary travelling round the district in the slack season, when thero is little to do; to got subscriptions, donations, and promisos of oxhibits. Air Came would be the vory bost canvassor the Society could have, whilo some ono olse could do whatever office work there may be. Of courso the Society can hardly bold a Spring Show this year; bub the matter could bo considorod and decidca. Tun Town and Country is the only Sydney journal that appears to consult country intO'ests. In last week's there is a vorv able article on the Sydney trams. ' Who pays tho piper ? ' asks the T. and V, and it replies : 'The country residents.' In 1884 tho gross revenue of the trams was .£219,942, and tho working expenses £215,167; a return of 0.70 per cent on tho capital invented — i'643,111. In 1885 the per centnge had been raised to 2.17 per cont. The tr-ims are only paying half the iuterest. 'Tho question then arises, 'says the T,andC, ?' how long aro the people of Sydney to be carried about at the expenso of tho country, ' and goes on to wonder why the country press and public have not spoken out on tho subjoct long ago. Probably because thoy know its futility, But all havo not beon silent. The Grazier has ropeatedly* drawn attention to tho injustice of making tho country pay for tho carriage of Sydney people, and has suggested several times that, tho tram motors would do bottor work oil light lines of country trams. In this number a very careful and well written article on the Hay district by tho T. and C\ reporter appears. This gentleman goos in strong for irrigation and says it is impossible to go on iit the old groove, although tho settlors cling to it like limpets. The article contuins mQ.ny valuable suggestions. Our brilliant Sydney telegraphist or tho Telegraph department made a neat blundpr on Friday. It was tolegraphed that ' Lord Halsbury' had said at a banquet that it was impossible to bind the colonies closer to the mother country than at proseut Wo had our 'doubts that tho Chancellor of tho Empire would have made such remarks, considering tho dis Batisftfction ' of tho colonies, with tho mismanage ment of the Colonial office undor the Gladstone ad ministration, but of conrso could not alter tho tele gram. Tho firstcopy had it 41 Lord 'Salisbary.' It 'turns out now that tho utterer of these remarks was Sir Saul Samuel. From his lips they were quite natural and in accord with tho policy of isolation of this colony. Considerable regret was felt, when it was known on Friday evening that Mr John Conway, the partner of Mr George Allmann in the Bridge Hotel, had died suddenly. The deceased, who belonged to a Bina long family, was much liked and respected, but un fortunately for himself he became over addicted to drink, which proved his death. An inquest was held on Saturday and the funeral, which was largely attended, took place on Sunday. Deceased was 35 years of age, and left consido'ablo property. Kimdehly is going ahead ; there being 300 men on tho field. Two hundred horse dray and two bul lock teams havo left Cambridge Gulf for tho diggings loaded with goods valued at £150 por ton. Mr Stockdale says the route is now as well defined as Goorge- street. Altogether 1120 men and 1000 horses have been lundod at Camblidge Gulf for tho field. Gold is found overywhoro, but at present ope rations are confined to ' gully raking.' Wyndham, tho town on Cambridge Gulf, contains eight stores, two hotels, butchers' and harbors' shops, two bakors and two saddlere. Nuggets from lOoz. to 20oz. abound. At tho Hay Police Court ou Tuesday, John Kirk wood was sued by tho Municipal Council for driving over a footpath in Leonard- street. Dofondant stated thnt ho had a big load on and a young horse. He | had goods to leave at several places up that wav, and .was not accustomod to* tho ins and outs of . the : streets. Constable Jamieson deposed that on Saturday last, between 11 and 12 o'clock, defendant d ove across tho crossing in Leonard-street near tho ' Chinamon's, and then went along tho footpath for j fully sixty yards. The stroet was vory soft and wetl Fined 5a and 4s 10d costs. John Duffy was charged with riding across a footpath in Alma*streot. He ; was fined a similar sum. I Tun Town and Country special reporter has a ely hit at the Hay Council, for charging a Chinese gar dener £75 per annum for water , for 2£ acres. He flays: ?'Tho Hay Council recoivoa, to say the least, a fair return for its wator.' Gardeners in Victoria pay only ono ponny per 1000 gallons.' It only costs the Goul burn Valley waterworks one penny to raiie 7000 gal of water. Is an organ a sentiont being and an intelligent ? worshipper! According to Bishop Barry this quostion ought to bo answored in tho affirmative so far as . can ! bogafchered from tho following do'iicatory prayer or blo-sing when consocrating tho org^n at Clirisr. Church, Sidney : — ' Sanctify O Lord wo boseoeh Tho®, this instrument of music, mado to p-aise Thro, bocauso Thy morcy onduroth for ovor, and lot it bo' blossed in the namo of tho Fathor. and of thn Son, and of tho Holy Ghost — Amon. When tho minstrel playoth tho hand of the Lord como uponjyou, and blo«is you, and strengthen you for overmoro — Amon.' The Voluntoors foil in on Monday ovoning, at 8 o'clock, to tho number of about 40 rank and file, and wore marched out on tho plains and put through a series of battalion drills uudor tho inspection of Cup tain Bayloy, aftor which ho oxpressod himiolf highly ploased with tho manner in which the men wont through thoir drill, and complimented them upon their stoadino33 and their dressing. They woro then marched back again and dismissed. Captain Bay ley then inspected tho recruits, who wero put through tboir facings by Staff- Sergeant Loo and ColorSer geant Gould. Captain B-\yloy said ho wns vory sorry to find that none of tho rocruits wero sufficiently com petent to be parsed into tho ranks but he would loavo the matter with StafF-Sorgeant Loo to report upon. Wo would urgontly adviso the recruits to attend drill moro regularly, and pay more attention to it, so that they may mako a bottor show whon next they are in spected. Tub ovidonco given in the casoof the woman Kato Roberts, who was trie 1 on Friday, led to another easo against Mr/Ravon Wadf, the license© of thoMurrum bidgeo Hotel, when Kato Roberts, who had beon re leased, her fines being paid, gave evidence against him. Tho ovidonco clearly showod that Mr Wade had harbored improper characters, and ho was fined £10 with costs. Tho Police Magistrito significantly told him ho had better got rid of tho license; for ho wouidrraver again obtain a license of tho hotel, Krll and Brva.vt havo added a now industry to the town; the manufacture of tin into articles of all kind. At present thoy aro busy turning out panni I kins for the shearing season, Country peoplo can now got tin articles mado in any way they ltko. We aro unable to insert this issue a letter from tho , Rev. Father Treacy, with that of tho Rov. Fathor i Dunne appended. It will appear noxt issue. Tubus is at presont iu Darlinghurst an old woman who has been convicted 239 times ; her first con- j | viction being on January 1, 1850 ! ' I Ciiuucu op England, H\y. — Divine aorvico noxt | Sunday, morning and evon5ng, as usual. Holy Com munion at 8 a m. Service at Toongool s^hoolhouso 1 at 3 p.m. I Mil Willsmer, at auction, sold Mr Stowart's eot I tago in Macgregor-stroet t.b Mr John Dill for £245. We notice by an advertisement in another column that Mr O'Connors has taken the Red Lion Hotel. The fact that it will bo under tho management of Mr John Brogan, woll known in Hay as a Boniface, will ensure that tho hotel will be well conducted. Mr Buttekwoutii reports having sold for Mr Gun ning to Mr Thos. Baldwin, half an acre near the Park: a frontnee to Orson-streot for Mrs Leonard to Mr ScrifFin, and also a block of land in west Hay. Mr Burgess, tho well- known pianoforte-tuner, has niwsottlod in Hay. in M^ppott-street. His advertise ment appears elaewhore Doctors. — Aro getting moro and more into the habit of prescribing proprietary medicines in thoir practice, especially that known as Dr. Boll's (Kidney and Liver) Bitters for diseases of the kidnoys, liver and bladder. They know from expor ionco that it is of more valuein such diseases than any prescription thoy can write, — Advt. Hope op Riverina. L.O.L; havo a tea and public meeting on Thursday evening. Tho programme will bo found elsewhere. The net profit on tho Victorian railways is £33,109. A sample of paper manufactured from the fibro of millet grown in South Australia has been nubmittod to experts, who havo exprossed a favorable opinion upon it. The experiment is described as a completo success. Tho millet is valued at £18 per ton. This millet is drought resisting, and can bo oasily grown in Rivorina Sir Charles Dickb's constituents ^t Chelsea won't believe he is guilty. With only five'dissontionts, tho Liboral Association there parsed a rosolution record ing its bolief that .Sir Charles was innocont of the charges mado against him. Wilkinson and Lavender sell some splendid' milch cows on the 2l»t — seo odvt. Ma Wauoii has an advertisement elsewhere .Mjt WrTiT.sxfF.it sellsjihaftfriatSj ejc.. on Wednesday at 11 o'clock, m Tattorsall's. — see'acfvtl R. M'Kinnev and Co sell furniture on Saturday, seo advt. R. C. M'Kihnet and Co. in conjunction with W. T. Hill?, report having sold MrF. J. Willsmer'a Furni turo and household effects on Monday last, at satis factory prices. R.,C. M'Kinney and Co report having sold at their yards horses: hacks from £10 to £15, buggy pairs from £25 to £0, milch cows in good demand. Pri vate: Buggies, drays, waggons, spring carts and har ness of all descriptions. V Lots op PEOW^B.jr-Got . bilious, have heavy head aches, mouth 'foul, '.xyoUow. eyos, &c.;, all tho direct result of impure blood which can be thoroughly cleansed, renewed, and onrichod with Dr. Boll's (Kidney and Liver). Bitters. It acts at the same time on the kidneys, liver and bowels, and has more real virtue in a bottle than can bo found in any other remedy for the samo class of diseases, — Advt. 