(f lUTCltf gJtftflS. The question of Antarctic exploration u again being raised in Melbourne, and appar ently there is a reasonable prospect of something being done. Anglo- Saxons are never nappy unless they are looking for some thing and unable to find it, and even when there is nothing particular to look for, there seems to be a certain pleasure in making the attempt. Somewhere or other on the surface of this goat-infested planet, there is under stood to exut a happy spot where every prospect pleases, and nothing is vile, except the inhabitants and the snakes, and the whisky, and a few other trifles of an equally insignificant character, and presumably it is this location which it is now proposed to seek at the Sooth Pole. So far as the Antarctic regions are yet known, they consist chiefly of sluah and ice, and, unhappily for the ex plorers, there is much more ice than slush. Moreover, neither in the snow above nor in tbe ice beneath, nor in the slush which is under the ice, has anything been found to repay exploration, but as yet voyagers in the far south have only touched the fringe of the great we barrier, and discovery has barely commenced. The search for a so a them cou tii-ent was begun by Captain Cook, and was aftenrards continued by a Russian officer whose Dame we are compelled to hold over fitrowjli pressure -»n our space D'Urville, Wilkes, and Koss struck what they took to he a larse extent of land, and tbe former got i-it:j serious .Ii!lit- ulti-» nans;' the iceberg, privetl Uul fc. a cat, he not hack in safety. I The only thing which these men ascertained uith certainty was thai a sreat range ' of all but imrassable glaciers exiate. i which threatens to check further progress ; if . this ciu if surniouuteil who can tell what lies' br-yoH'i? Perhaps, far to the southward, nmy W found a. civilized nation, cut off by t'!«; [??v (leaks from all coonnnnication with t.i- outer world, ami dtHicted witb a per petual =uuffle oiling to the coll of that inhos pitable r.gion. Round the Pole itself we may ' picture, if we clio«-t, a people advanced in science and art, with a government carried on under tviii^iixiitional principles, and a Parlia ment w-ii-re an ifi-i- li.in.-s to tbe nose of the ?mi uit---. ?'!' i . ;;,!! ? : to he thawed out ?-Vftn be i uitiuitii tit be, and bonds may circulate written in uncouth hieroglyphica, the ' promise to pay' resembling a skeleton in hysterics, and the signature of the shivering president looking like the rear elevation of a fight between a lobster and a ghost. There may be diamonds and precious metals in that far-away land, and there certainly are whales and seals in tfae ^ntartic seas, so that, between our small store of knowledge, and our vast assorted stock of frozen ignorance, there is much to induce exploration. Until the Vic torian Ministry arrive at some definite con clusion on the matter, however, it is doubtful whether anything will be undertaken. Mr. Gillies is, apparently, favourable to the idea of contributing in aid of an expedition, but the proposal will probably be the subject of a been discussion between the Government: and the Beast— as some Victorians now term tbe Opposition — and it is, of course, possible that the Lower-Animal — another designation for Mr. Bent's following — may succeed in patting a veto on the proposed expenditure. The collapse of Baron Miklouho Maklay's scheme for the establishment of a Muscovite colony in New Guinea suggest the idea that it must be unalloyed happiness to be a Russian. Even if the Baron had achieved success, how ever, he would have conferred no colossal blessing on this part of the globe, for the Russian is by no means a$desirable settler ; but still it seems hard on tbe long-booted Tartar that he should be denied a chance to improve his miserable condition. Jf he desires to leave bis native country, and push his fortunes in Borne land where the annual ice-crop is less reliable, he has to smuggle himself over the frontier with the caution of a Cat surmounting the back fence at midnight, and the feline which embezzles our meat supply is treated as much the less criminal of the two when cangbt. The would-be emi grant from tbe dominions of the Czar is regarded aa a fit subject for exportation to Siberia or Sagtmiig*^ and any person who aids him in his design has every prospect of sharing his unlucky fate. Ti'is system of step- fatherly government is maintained for many reasons. The Russian at home ie taught to consider his frozen land the hap piest spot beneath the enn, and to regard the autocrat of St. Petersburg as a kind of divine mongrel — half god and half wi«-n, The Rus sian who has travelled abroad, on the other hand, is apt to discover that the wide, sin -cursed .land of bis nativity is tfae worst place that was ever made by God and ruined by man, and be learns that the deified R^ymftn1^* are a nee of veiy ordinary tysanla, and that they are made of meat jwwtfiyT of divinity. Accordingly the colonist would either come back to spread disaffection, or stay away and persuade others to join him in his new country. So long as he can be kept at home, however, the world knows little of the Muscovite peasant's troubles, and he knows so little of the world that he is scarcely aware he in oppressed. Every now and then an outcry is rawed -when a Bulgarian is bisected with a Turkish scimi tar, or a Jew is roasted whole to make a Russian holiday, or a Pole is prodded across tbe frontier in the direction he did not intend to go, or a frantic Irishman with a green flag is not allowed to squash another Irishman with an orange flag, according to the dictates of religious animosity ; but the plodding agriculturist of the steppes knows and cares nothing for all these tilings. Possibly, if he were transplanted amid new surroundings, be might became less of an animal and more of a man, bat tbe chance i& denied him, and unless the Baron with tfae hideous name wishes to find himself pounding auriferous ore in Siberia his New Guinea project had better be allowed to drop. Me, Nisrao, the Minister for Works in South Australia, must hare been greatly bored by the deputations of men, who describe them selves as the unemployed, last week over three hundred assembled outside his office, and upon bis consenting to receive a repre sentative deputation Bome rather extraordin ary conversation took place. The principal speaker was a Mr. Crook, who said be was a lawyer's clerk in constant employ. He is described as being most eccentric hi bis be haviour, and admitted having originated the movement. The men complained they were starving, but Mr. Nimmo in concise terms showed them it must arise from downright laziness on tbeir part, inasmuch as men had been advertised for to b'aze trees at very fair wages, and np to the pre sent time they could not be obtained. The Minister then lost patience, and interrupting the men in their complaints exclaimed. *'Do you want work ?— A member : Yes. — Mr. Ximmo : Will you break stones ? — A member : Iain not able,— Mr. Ximmo: Don't tell me that. — I have seen men with more tender hands than yours break stones. I have known a clergyman to break stones. 1 would do it myself to-morrow if I was (starving. — A mem t»er: That is outside the question. — Mr Nimmo : It is not. Don't tell me the work is □OEutted to you — a big, h-troug fellow lite you. — Another member : Have you sufficient atone to Weak for the large crowd crowd out side ? — Mr. Nimmo : Speak for yourself. What are you wiling to do ?— A member; Anything that I can earn bread at. A n.an not used to Bton^breaking can't earn tucker at it.— Mr. Nimmo : Have you tried ?— A member : No ; what is tbe use at 2s. per yard ?— Mr. Nimmo : 2s. 3d. per yard. Why a young fellow like you could earn 6s. a day at it. Come now, be a man, give it a trial. '( don t like to hear a young Englishman say that he can't do a thing. Go down to the ! quarries and give the stone breaking a triaj. | if your hands blister come back to me and I will see what else I can do for you— A mem ber ; Very weil I will give it a trial.— Mr Nimmo: That's the style: :ind l-o to the mayors of the districts in which y-u live and where you pay rates, and ask for work and relief. There is no better antidote for laziness than a little plain epeaking. Ix a southern paper, sandwiched in between a missing corpse and a trades union row on the subject of bricks, appears a telegram, which gives a woeful account of the present condition of things at Port Darwin. Through gross neglect on the part of the South Aus tralian Government neither a magistrate nor a hangman bas been appointed in the district, and these two civil servants appear to be badlv needed. Owing to the Elimbeiiey rush, tbe district is thronged by a mixed multitude in all stages of picturesqne intoxication, but seemingly the majority are raving, roaring drunk, and are walking about with revolvers is front of them and blasphemy behind, painting the whole colony a lurid crimson. Among tfae crowd, if report speaks truly, are assorted ruffians of every description, and under the inspiriting influence of bush grog these individuals are carrying out com munistic ideas on the subject of property, which have already led goat-owners and other capitalists to entertain proposals for the estab lishment of lynch law. Even the Chinamen are getting disorganised amidst the prevailing confusion, and a lately imported Mongol from San Francisco, who has heard of Herr Most, and studied his creed, is said to have haran gued bis comrades on revolutionary topics in these stirring terms : ' Hoop-la ! Me analchist, socialist, me stay here, burnee, thlow bom ; sbootee police, knock 'em outee, Iaisee fiellee, all samee white man. kUlee, faoop-la !' And unfortunately, while the Mongol is thus threatening to raise the future state of sorrow, misery and oblivion, the white man seems to have already done it to perfection, and Port Darwin, according to the Melbourne Age, is now possessed by a perfect demon of anarchy. Horse-stealing is carried on openly and with complete impunity ; animated beef changes hands with similar facility ; and merchants are occasionally reduced to ?defend- ing their stores of pork and treacle fay die aid of the rifle. Under these depressing circnm stances, it is probable the respect&bie; resi dents will be compelled ere long to band themselves together and resort to a little judicious murder aa the only means of pro moting peace. The Australian colonist is a long suffering animaT[ but he ts ftn '-tiith'! and not a mere regetable, and now and then, under circumstances of great provocation, he can rise like one unanimous tiger in defence of his property. When afiairs come to this pass it H-Ul be time for the rowdies of Port Darwin to skip hurriedly into the deserts, and if only half the reports which have been published are true, lynch law iu-the Northern Territory will soon become an absolute oe cessity. . ' 