ESSENCE OF EPHEMERIDES. Dr. ruaey and Cardinal Newman by the female line are descended from the exiled French Huguenots. If, says an English writer, these two have never been visited by the shades of their fathers it ought to consti tute a strong argument against ghosts. jNewcastie exported 1,044,949 tons ot coal last year. The wife of Mr. G. A. Sala, the journalist, died on Thursday morning, the 31st ult., in Meuzies' Hotel, Melbourne, after 36 hours' illness. Mr. and Mrs. Sala were to have left Melbourne that day in the b.b. Carthage on their return to England. John Reardon, a native of Sydney, who was a station hand, but recently has lived in Brisbane, shot himself in the Brisbane Botanic Gardens on the last day of the old year. The body waB found lying on the ground on which a cross had been marked; He had evidently shot himself in the breast and laid down on the cross and there slowly bled to death. Reardon was 33 years old and had been married two years. He had one child, and Mrs. Reardon says she knows no reason for this suicide, for they lived happily together. At Brewarrina Downs, on the 18th inst., inches of rain fell, and shortly before 24 inches had fallen ; so the country is well soaked and the lakes full. Rains were very general; nearly an inch fell at Lismore during the Christmas holidays. At the instance of Admiral Tryon the Queensland Attorney-General has instituted proceedings against Captain Sorenson, of the schooner Douro, for alleged piracy in the South Seas. Captain Sorenson at Cooktown laid information for a warrant for the arrest of Otto Ashe, Poter Ohlsen, and Andrew Apitz for mutiny on the high seas and steal ing a boat and gear, arms, and seven Kanakas. The police magistrate refused to act, as the alleged crimes were committed at the Cataret group which is beyond his jurisdiction. It will be remembered that these men deserted in a boat and charged Captain Sorenson with illegal acts among the natives and cruelty, and they declared thoy had at great peril deserted to avoid being implicated in the piracies. The Melbourne Wharf Labourers' Union went out on strike as the clock struck the knell of the old year. The shippers offered to engage men on long terms at 45b. per week of 48 hours' work. They expect to be able to get the labour they require from local sources, but if not they will bring men from the other colonies. The number of men thrown out of work by the strike is 870. The shipowners have resolved to lay up several large steamers until the strike is ended, to double the charge of freights, to compel consignees to take and give delivery of goods at the ships' tackle, to send for men to New Zealand and South Australia, offering free passages to Melbourne, and £2 5s. per week with six or twelve months' engagements. The men on strike caused considerable inconvenience by intimidation, and steps have been taken to keep them off the wharf altogether. The ships which pay £2500 per month will be laid up. 100 men havo been obtained from Dunedic. The Victorian revenue for last quarter was £1,569,857 a decrease of £19,218 on the corresponding quarter of 1884. The year's revenue was £6,247,466, an increase of £60,103. Auction sales of land have ceased under the present Act and the principal de crease of £25,382 was therefore in that depart ment. The Association ground on New Year's Day wnen tne nigniana gatnering was neia as usual, was crowded, and a concert' in the evening at the Protestant Hall under the same auspices was also a great success, Lord and Lady Carrington were present. Mr. Licensed Surveyor, A. Hastings S. Senior, who was one of the recent New Guinea expedition was drowned in Sydney harbour at about 7 o'clock on Friday evening, New Year's Day. He had been out in a 14ft. sailing boat with three other young men and being drunk was strapped down in the boat to keep him from jumping overboard. He had already in the drink madness jumped over board two or three times before this precau tion was taken. On the run down from Middle Harbour the steamer Alpha bore down on the boat and the boats' boom struck the steamer and she capsized. Before the unfortunate Mr. Senior could be rescued he waB too far gone for recovery. He was nnder water about ten minutes. The occupants of the boat had desired to leave Senior with some friends of his at a camp in Middle Harbour but they would not have him, and so they endeavoured to sail home with him with fatal results. Mr. Senior was a peculiarly gifted man. Physically he was handsome as au Apollo and his mental talents were of a very high order. Genial, hearty, talented and extraordinarily handsome, he made friends readily everywhere. His remains were interred at St. Thomas' Cemetery on Monday in the presence of many of his late comrades and friends. The Geographical Society intend to place a monument at his' grave. The Imperial medals for the Soudan cam paign are now in the possession of the Colo nial Secretary and will be handed over to the military authorities for distribution without delay. There will be a public parade of all the military forces on the occasion of the distribution. Lady Carrington will present them on the 29th instant. Eleven stars have been selected for obser vation at Lisbon and Washington to deter mine whether those places are changing in latitude. Each star will be observed fifteen or twenty times yearly, with the greatest possible accuracy in recording its position. UDBervanons at .ruixowa nave indicated a diminution of about twenty-three feet in lati tude between 1843 and 1872, and greater changes have been shown at other observa tories ; but it is by no means certain that these results are not due to orrors of observa tion. The £15,000 contributed towards the ex penses of the New Guinea protectorate is distributed amongst the colonies on a basis of population as follows : — Victoria, £4693 8s. 5d. ; New South Wales, £4084 14s. 4d. ; New Zealand, £2668 18s. 9d. ; South Australia. £1524 lis. 7d. ; Queensland, £1163 3s. 6di ; Tasmania, £636 2s. ; Western Australia, £161 16s. 9d. ; and Fiji, £73. South Australia has given notice that Bhe will -not contribute after June next. Eggs from hens not in compa.ny with cocks will keep twice as long as wlll eggs from hens not separated from the ma'es. Pickled Peabs. — Pare and halve the fruit ; take seven pounds of the fruit, three pounds of sugar, one quart of vinegar, one ounce of whole cloves, one ounce of stick cinnamon ; put all together and boil slowly for a short time. This recipe is good for either pears, peaches or plums. Onion Flavouring. — One way to prepare onion flavouring for a vegetable soup isfo take a large onion, remove the outer skin, then stick cloves into the onion and bake it until it is nicely, browned. - The peculiar flavour thus gained is relished by the epicure. Orange Ice.— Squeeze the juice from six large oranges and lemons ; pour about five gills of boiling water over the broken peel and pulp and let it stand until cool ; then . 8 train and add the water to the orange and lemon juice. Sweeten to taste with loaf sugar, and freeze. Chow- Ciiow. — Two gallons of green toma toes, sliced without peeling, sprinkle salt plentifully over them, stand over night, drain dry as possiblo, and add twelve good sized onions sliced, two quarts of good vinegar, two pounds of sugar two tablespoons each of ground mustard and allspice, oue tablespoon of cloves, one tablespoon of black popper ; mix all thoroughly, cook until tender, but not soft enough to fall to pieces. A company has been formed in London entitled " The City of Madrid Railway Com pany, Limited," with a capital of £225,000 to construct a complete Bystem of steel railway worked by steam, encircling the city of Madrid, the Spanish capital, which has a population of between six and eight hundred thousand. Special concessions have been given by the Municipal Council of Madrid, confirmed by. Royal Order. The prospectus sets forth tl>o_ enormous passenger and goods traffic to be expected, and looks for a largo revenue from the dead as well as the living, for.it says, " The annual mortality of the city is about 17,000, and the estimated direct gross traffic. of the branch lines connected with the cemeteries is about £53,000 per annum." It is explained that tho cemeteries in the heart of the city have lately been closed for sani tary-reasons, and that two new cemeteries out side the city oast and west have been provided, to which the lines must carry the funerals from tho city., . It is said that " a, bottle of. bromide' left in a closed room all night with the stopper, out destroys all infection and insect life. <. It is far more effectual- than the vapour of burning sulphur." In the Wngga Wagg'a district a -general heavy hailstorm occurred on Saturday. evening, In the Hume district great damage was done to tobacco plantations and drying. Bheds., . - ., .. .. -. . - Mr. J. R. Edwards, Solicitor of Denili- quin was on Sunday,', so says .the tele-, gram," out / shooting,' 12 miles from Morocco station/when ho was-bitten by a snake, and his companions hastened , off with him in a buggy to the station. Ho '.very quickly became drowsyi and then convulsed. From Morocco station a messenger was posted off to Deniliquin for a doctor and the patient in a ; drag; was . forwarded also as rapidiy as possible. Mr. Edwards was violently, con vulsed on, the road and had to be held by . two friends-. Dr. Noyes mot the drag on tho the road and administered the usual remedies, ' and' after some hours attention ho began to : < improve, and by next morning all dangerous symptoms, had disappeared. We hope Mr. Edwards will take his lesson to heart awl not go shooting on the Sabbath any more. :;,_ ,/ The parish priest of Copons, in Catalonia, ' lias announced from the pulpit that any of liis; parishioners, found, guilty of blasphemy are to be fined five, francs for tlie first offence, / ten francs for tho second, fifteen francs for the third, twenty francs for the fourth, and twenty-five' francs for the fifth. Should any, perpetrate tho offence a sixth time, his nose is', to be. burnt, aiid: on. the seventh, he is to bo' branded on the tongue. What would this .benevolent. gentleman do if the Inquisition was in full swing ? , - Last Saturday at tlie Australasian Secular Association's/rooms in' Pitt-street a Soiree was announced to welcome Mr. Joseph fivrnfio' Knf. ihn nftonrlnnn'fl wno varxr dtrihll' "V ,, vw - w ,w. nevertheless Mr. Symes . expatiated, fluently , upon the martyrdom he had undergone, and. boasted ho, had achieved . a victory (?) over' the 'yictprian Bench which had, as, little or less legal; knowledge than the lawyers of Victoria. How. can Mr. Symes. expect. the lawyers, to" know law ; when it is all locked up in Mr. Symes himself ? At, any rate he is impudent enough', judgbd by his utterances, to believe that nobody knows much' law or science or ' anything -. else, compared ; with himself. Ignorant peoplo, are always self-satisfied. . In" Scotland \tlio, question of Disestablish- , mont; has; '/according , to, the Scotsman, made considerable progress. Out of'. some/ 4000 Clergymen in ,Scotland, ;1475,bave, iri strong/ dictatonal tcrme laid. thoir,. commands upon ; Mr.,- Gladstone, to . disestablish the Ohuroli. As, however, ilie ministers Vqf the, Established / Church .number ' 1440 . and' there; /are 1110 ; ministers of other ' Churches who , have not joined 'tlie Liborationists' ' there is a largo , majority opposed to the movement, whilst the laity will probably resist it in still larger :/- proportions. , Up to the present time it is said that . about £120,000..has been, spent upon St. Mary's Roman" CaihqliC; Cathedral/ arid/a largo/portion of this has ' cbmei o'ut./of /Protestant pockets, while tb'eir.own churches . are, in sad- need .-of / money ' /.Cardinal /Morari, on /Sunday, said that'there was not/a penny bf .debt/upon the, Cdthedfaljbuildihg so. far./. ;It will cost about' £106,000 more" before it is, completed, in all . its , grandeur., £140 . was handed in at the meeting./ /The; building. . is not/ to /bo. pushod on so fasi/fori a 'while, but will be carried on ; by degrees. / /A-./."..'.". A reporter feigned drunkenness;, and got himself .locked up, in/a Brisbane watchhouse, and his report/ has 'startled people greatly, and ; will ; causo. investigation; , . A, number of .rnen//were';lqck,ed lip' in an abominably, filthy,; evil-smblling arid" iil-ventilated;,ceU". .-. The blankets furnished . \vere. very . 'dirty, and coverod, with vermin., " / : . The. returns of the late intercolonial cricket match/wore £884, or £170 less than last year. ' .The/ N.S. : Wales revenue for/ the /year lias riot. come up to Mr. Dibbs' estirriate., ' It was £7,588,607, nearly £8 per head/of the popu lation/but -tho: .expenditure- was : £8;566,497. The taxatibn 'rovonuo was £2,252,516, which is £99,702 over last year. Customs returned £1,759,954, or an increase of £33,142. From the revenue from spirits there was a decided decrease of £20,000 which is not to be re gretted, and shows that tho Licensing Act and the temperance bodies are making themselves feltj Stamps yielded £253,507, an increase of £27,459. Land revenue was £1,876,563, an increase of £123,374. The railway income was £2,272,688, an increase of £194,857. The tramway rovonuo was £220,086, a further decrease of £4095 on the unsatisfactory return of last year. Several cases of boycotting, of moonlight outrages, and murders of occupants of farms whose previous tonants had been evicted, and of murders of persons for paying their rents have occurred in unhappy R. 0. Ireland recently. The Scottish Widows' Fund, about the largest lifo assurance agency in tho United Kingdom, and which has control of enormous funds, has determined to establish an agency in Australia to lend the accumulated revenues, upon mortgage, &c.;, and obtain the high rate of interest current in tho colonies. Tho following telegram addressed to Major- General Richardson was received on Monday/: — "The Sorgeant-Major and sergeants 1st Coldstream Guards drink to the health of their fellow-sergeants of the N.S. Wales Con tingent." On the edge of the Monaro Mountains; and about 22 miles from Colombo and Nimity- belle, at the head of the Tur'oss River, gold has been discovered, and about i00 men are , sinking in shallow. washdirt. As yet nothing remarkable lias been unearthed. Mr. D. O'Connor, the Postmaster-General, was re-elected unopposed for West Sydney ; Mr. Merrimnn, who it was soid would oppose him, declining to do so. On his election he lauded the Robertson Ministry and himself in the most extravagantly wild Irish style.. The poor blustering gentleman. is making himself tho laughingstock of peoplo and press. Ho always has boori; goodnaturedly laughed at, especially for his .wild Irish attompts at oratory and recklessly mixed similies; but the colony will not like to bo laid open to ridicule through its Postmaster General. Lord Carrington . consented to become patron of tho Syd noy Liedertafel , and on Monday night the Liedertafel to the number of about 80, each with a lantern, in evening dress, /proceeded to Government house. His. Excellency and Lady Carrington came out into the/, porch - while., the Liedertafel sang some pieces. It was a lovely night, and the Liedertafel were, heard to bettor advantage in the open air than in a confined room. Lord Carrington expressed himself . delighted and astonished at their skill. Sir Patrick Jennings, president of the society, introduced - the officers of the. Liedertafel to /the Governor, and Miss Jennings pinned, upon his breast a golden lyre, the. badge of the society. Re freshments wore provided for the Liedertafel, arid afterwards they rondered some more songs within the precincts of Government, House. All the arrangements were carried out well, and every thing/ went off most pleasantly. On Saturday evening a violent storm paBsed over Coo.tamundra, and at Wallendbeen its full force, was felt, and several ' houses were unroofed. About 1 J inches of rain fell in less than, an hour and . hail fell heavily and in some places piled up several feet deep. The culverts could not carry off all the flood waters. and the railway line between. Wallen- been and Nribba Siding was damaged in nnvni-iil rilncns hv ballast beinc washed awav. A fettler named Starr, ran a long distance to ; Wall.enbeen to warn the Albury train not to, probeed; A duplicate train was put; on and tlie passengers, were run over the dangerous places jn trollies to the -duplicate train which then wont on I o Sydney. Men wore at once , set to work and the line is now safe again. The/ wash away is about 15 miles away -from. , the scene- of the catastrophe in January Inst year. . ... The/ storm reached Gundagai district at 9 o'clock on the same night, the storm and hail ; fell so largo bb eggs and tho wind-uprooted trees Near Muttama the water swept.o.n the . railway but did only slight. damage. The first Acacia brought . to Europe, it is ; said-from. America, in/1645 is though nearly - 256 years old still -blooming every spring as freely, , as. .ever in the Jardin des Plantes in Paris. . -.'"A-,'. : - VA- /.All the New.Ministers have been re-elected without opposition.; .- .Siri;John . . Robertson arrived at; Mudgee which constituency ho, has for so long re presented. in parliament, , on Monday, night, and was warmly welcomed by Mr, D. Cassin, the; /.Mayor of Mudgee, Mr. W. .Bishop, Mayor of Gudgegong, arid a large number.: of people. The Mayor of - Mudgee presented ; him 'with an .address assuring him of the. confidence, continued: ;to ; be reposed ; in- him, and congratulating him upon, his recovered health /and .his accession to the; premiership. Sir John . .responded, reminding them that; thirty r years ago . he had gone to Mudgee on a similar errand to . thank tho electors for returning, .him in bis absence. . He said that the.. finances . of ,tbe .colony, were in a very complicated condition, and the country must bo prepared to„bear;the, burden of taxation to clear oif the deficit for they, must : uphold thoir credit ithroughout .the world. ,, A pro cession i of-, yehiples with flags and a band oscorted Sir, John, to Millet's hotel. . ; Oh Tuesday night a banquet was held in honour of . Sir John Robertson in the Mudgee Town Hall. . The Mayor, Mr. Oassin, pre- . sided and about 60 persons including many of the loading men attended. Sir John in responding. to Mr. Cassin's toast of, "Our Guest arid the Ministry " declared that the press was furious with him for recovering his health and being as vigorous as ever and able for duty. He said that when lie and Sir Henry Parkes went out of office the country was so prosperous that Mr. Dibbs, thought it worth while to spend £1300 of the people's money, without parliamentary authority to telegraph to the old country tho magnificent state in which ho found . the country. His Government had left a large surplus but tho late Ministry had left a deficiency which Mr. Dibbs had said was £1,050,000, but already he had found the deficiency to be £112,000 more than this, and Mr. Burns, the Colonial Treasurer, had just telegraphed to him that another item of deficiency of £72,000 had been discovered making a total of , £1,234,000. Ho hoped no more similar discoveries awaited, them/ for every such discovery simply meant more taxation for tlie people. The New Zealand Times says that Master Alfred Hill, a young musician of considerable local celebrity, has been engaged as leader of the orchestra of Wilson and Majoroni's Opera Company, for the Ohristchurch and Dunedin . season. Master Hill. is only- 15 years of ago. . F. Archer, _ the foremost English . jockey, rode 243 winning races last year. The nearest approach to such a record was made ..by 'the same/jockey in tlio previous; year with 241 winning mounts. M v; ; . iuo lununa uiivu ugreeu 10 allow- prospect ing for gold: in /the King territory- of; iNew: Zealand. - Six - prospecting parties, will bo, admitted, each consisting of two Europeans, and two' Maoris. It is expected that a new goldfield wiU'.bo found. ' . ' ' / , At Beaufort, Victoria, Robert Ballantyno, 13 years-old, was threatened wjth a thrashing by his stepfather, William Stewart, so he went to a neighbour's. house; and borrowed -a' gun " for, his ; stepfather," tlien he went and shot; his;stepfather. in the back while. he was work-,- ing in tlie garden, and- afterwards' returned . .tlio/ gun paying that his stepfather was , much obliged: / Stewart received about ..60 / No. 2 sliot in the body, but as lie was fired at from over 60 yards distance, serious' results are- not anticipated. . ; , ; / - : : \- Tlie £72,000 extra deficiency: reported in Sir John Robertson's . Mudgee speech to have ; been just discovered by Mr, Bums/in the Dibbs, budget it seems is not .similar to the £1 12,000 o yerpaid to the Government for occupation license/ fees/, and therefore swell ing the deficiency, in the land revenue ; but' the revenue, for the year has been £7,588,637, which is £72,000- less than Mr. Dibb's esti- niato,-;of the , 11th: December.' Mr. Dibbs is too fond of ovor. estimating. . . . ; , An inquest was opened on the body, of tho late Mr. Senior, of the New Guinea expedition, drowned under suoli sad circumstances on Now Year's Day. The newspaper reports describe the proceedings as disgraceful, and a friend'-of Mr. Senior's accused the foreman of . the jury of being tipsy; and the : papers des cribe him as leering and smiling tipsily and making stupid remarks. The rest of ;tho jury were described as seedy-looking and inatten tive. On Wednesday when the . adjourned : onquiry opened, one of the jurymen, a sailor, did riot appear, having 'gone up to Nowcastle. Mr. 5 Pinbey, ' Acting ' Gororior, therefore' dis charged' the jury, and ' the body will be exhumed. u The bodies of-:Mr.. J. King, Miss Herfort and Miss Williams, drowned near; Garden Island on New Yoar's.Day, in consequence of the swamping of /a boat, baye all been re covered. .. ' /. //:-/:,'.. ; A carpet snake found on the racecourse in Auckland is supposed to have; boeri: imported in a: case of Australian wino. In: the test, match to 'decide' the picking of : the - team ; of / cricketers which, the Melbourne Cricket Olub is about to send to. England, the . M.G.O. team beat by. 10. wicketS:the;yictorian eleveri opposed to tliem. ..The. M.0.0. scored .37 b, M'llwraith getting 125, ',/JarVis 77 (riot out), Scott 74, Trnmb|o 40, arid Brinnor 20. The Victorian eleven scored 135; arid in the second innings 260. M'Shano getting 79, /Lewis 34, Houston 31, Trinniek 20; and Win- grove 20/ Trott 18 (not out).. Spofforth did not;play. Palmer .won .tho.:bp\vling;trophy, arid/M'Ilraith the batting. Bonnor,,and Walr, tors got the 21 required to win .withput the, /loss' of a wicket in the second innings. // ; Evans arid Garret liaye decidod to go homo with the M.O.C. toam. " It is assorted, that Amorioari apples, refused ' entranrie . to New Zealand on account of: the-' scare, about the -codlin -moth, are-sent on-to; Sydney, their paper wrappers/removed,.; and/ then are taken to Now Zealand as Australian apples. /Professor Huxley has accepted a national perision/of £300 por annum, offered in recog- nition of his eminent scientific services. : ' Urge on > tlie circulation ana mjiuence of tne Protestant .- Standard by every ' means in your power.. Get your Roman Catholic friends to read it, and your .Protestant friends to subscribe to it, and don't let your own name be in arrears on our boohs, . So will you do good ioorh for tlie cause of Bible light and liberty, of civil and religious freedom. . . Tlio Queensland police in"the back districts are now being supplied ' with camels- and pas tor alia ts in tho north- west of ;SouthAus- tralia are employing them in preference, to horses for carrying, rations to. out stations and well-sinking, parties. , A number are employed on'tlio Hergott and Strang ways, rail way works, and recently 15 imported by Mr. J." H. Scott wore delivered there. These -camels were from the Bikanior district of Rajpootana, whore soil, climate and the saisolaceous herb age are similar to that of the interior and / north of Australia, and the camels, therefore, are acclimatised and fit for work soon after landing. Camel breeding, though needing a large first cost is likely to become very remu nerative as the demand for the animals in creases. Tea Biscuits. — One quart of sifted flour one arid a half cups of sour buttermilk, balf teaspoon of salt, one tea-spoon of soda dis solved in the milk ; mix well ; then roll and beat - With' the rolling pin till the dough is full, of blisters and cracks: loudly ; roll out and cut with a biscuit cutter, grease tho top with butter, fold one-half over the other ;; lay .on the baking tin, so that tho biscuit will not touch. Dip: the fingers in milk and rub the I top of each, to glaze them ; bake in a quick oven.- : 500 railway 'labourers for N.S. Wales, are being advertised for in Victoria. 