moveUst PUTASUNDER: LADY CASTLEMAINE'S DIVORCE, i CHAPTER xvn. (CONTINXJED.) By BERTHA M. CLAY, AOTHOE OP " HIB ONE MISTAKE," " THB0WN ON THE W0BED," "A SXEDSQIIE FOB A MN0," "A BITTBB ATONEMENT, ETC." pronounced Denham House to be the finest mansion in London. It bad certainly the largest conservatory and the moBt extensive grounds. The night of the fete the May moon was. shining brightly—eo brightlyas to form a beauty in itself no art conld imitate; the yellow lamps, half hidden in the trees although they were like golden stars, bad no finch light as the lady-moon—a crescent moon rising |n a bine night-sky. - Ah I what is it to be wealthy; to be able to eurrouSd one's self with all that there is o! the most beautiful, the most exquisite; to be able to make a fairy-land even more lovely than that which the fairies make lor themselves. . To have the power of carrying out <6very beautiful idea that'comes to in artistic mind. Lady Denham was able to do this.. Lady Denham or her guests were able to walk from the great drawing- room, where the hangings were of white-and-gold; through the smaller room, where the hangings were -of palest bine, and where two of Claude Lorraine's finest landscapes hong; through a third room, where was every luxury that art or money conld procure; through the magnificent ball-room, with its painted ceiling, its fine statues, and grand decorations; through the great domed conservatory, where flowers of the richest color gave forth the moat, fragrant perfume; through the cool green fernery, where the light was dim, and the constant sound of water dripping from the rooks was heard; through to the green lawn, where tall, noble trees lent their shade, and pretty fountains threw their Bilvery spray high into the air—a perfectfairy-land. ' It had all the charm and beauty of a town residence, combined with many of the advan tages of the country. The place above all othersior a masquerade. ' One 6ould imagine a golden-haired Undine among the rook-work, the cool ferns, and the • tiny silvery fountains of the fernery. One conld fabcy Juliet, Bosamond, and Viola in the conservatory, flitting dainUy among the bright blossoms, just as one might fancy royal women sweeping through that supeib suite of rooms. The roll of carriages was like the distant vibration of thunder, on the night of the fete. Vast crowds had assembled, hoping to catch ^ \- even one glimpse of the brillian t figures thatemerged from them. The house wasJikea. paradise of .flowers and lights. . The brilliant rooms were not crowded, but tbey were well v filled with ,gueBts. Never was scene mote beaqtifal, mora, dazzling. Maiy of Scotland,"in her coif and veil, with a silvery rosary shining in her black velvet \- * dress; the royal Elizabeth, in cloth of gold, and a jewelled crown; Eatherine of Valois, fair of face and stately of mein; Eatherine of Medicis, magnificent and imperious; Joan of Arc, tall and fair; Marguerite, with a wealth of golden hair; .Cleopatra, with the imperial robes of an empress. On they swept, that imperial prooess^en of women. Every epoch in history, every figure most remarkable in ' art,in fiction, in poetry, was there. Undine, looking as though she had just rispn.from the fountain; Beatrix Cenci, Amy Bobsart, Di Vernon—a brilliant, yet, in some reBpeotB, a motley crowd. Italian peasants, Italian brigands, French chevaliers, Spanish grandees, gipsies, Swiss mountaineers. Some of the gentlemen wore the richest.and most picturesque of dresses. There was Richard Coaurde Lion; the Black Prinoe^ at least fofcr Charles's. One of the most striking figuresin the room was that of a Knight Templar in the picturesque attire ofhisorder. • . AH wore masks, and no mask was to be re _ moved until' supper-time. The disguises were good and well BnBtained. Lady Westlake, who represented a Water-Lily, talked . for twenty minuteB with Oswald Clyde, the poet, without recognizing him, although he was dressed as a Troubadour, and she talked Bfterward about the Troubadonr she had met at the ball, andshe declared that the one lodging of her life was to meet him again. Lady Heatherswent as Flora MacDonald, '.- and. was one of the most animated figures in the scene. .Troubadours, fairies, gipsies, all in one mad whirl. > The Knight Templar was conspicuous among the men, and a masked figure called tile Snow. Queen was conspicuous'among the , women, tall anddazzlingly white. A slender figure, trhich was the perfection of girlish grace—aperfect SnowQoeen. Her dress was ol white velvet. The snow was represented : bythe finest and whitest of the swan's down, the icicles by diamonds; the rouhded white arms bare to the shoulders, the graceful neck clasped by a necklace of what looked like r ^ white, so virjnnal, eo i- jdazzlin^y beautiful, so radiantly 'fair, that s ihe Snow Qneen was pronounced on all sides thegreatest success. - ' Another very beautiful figure was called Dawn. This was also a tall, graceful figure, dressed in pale rose-colored tulle, in which -Jterefinest flecks of gold; diamonds formed so as to present a crown of stars graced a , beautiful, queenly head. Dawn was doeely masked, and wore her disguise' wdl. The Snow Queen was Lady Castlemaine. Dawn waslsabel Hyde. Lord Castlemaine wore Jtefiptotoqae drees of a Tenetian noble- The oiiiy person who seemed to recognize Lady Castlemaine was Lady Heathers. " I should know you," she whispered, " where others would fail; you are taller than most of the ladies present, and I should know yon anywhere by the carriage of your head. I shall not betray you," ebe added, 14 though I am going to take advantage of the maBks and speak my mind to several people tonight." That will not be an unusual luxury for you," was the laughing reply. " It will be in the fashion. I shall do it tonight," the answered. " I think tfae chief beauty of a masquerade is that for once one may say juefc what one likes." No one seemed to recognize Lady Castlemaine. As th6 hours passed the scene grew more brilliant; the lights seemed to grow brighter. The scenes were like fairy-land; an artist who could have sketched some of those group?, would have made Ms fortune by Ahe beauty oftus paintings. " There was one group that drew much attention ; Undine in her white dress and white water-lilies contrasting with Mary Stuart, in her rich velvet dress; the Venetian noble in his superb costume of crimson velvet and point lace. They were only together for' a few minutes, but no picture could have been more beautiful as the dancers danced together, as the different groups formed and reformed, it seemed as though all the different colors of ,ihe rainbow met, and broke up, and broke away into a.thousand gleaming lights and shades -, where the radiant Snow Queen stood, or danced, or sat,'she seemed to make the light brighter. The Knight Templar walked abont restlessly; he had not yet penetrated the eeorets of the different disguises. His attention had been drawn for some time to the Snow Queen; he half-imagined that it must be Lady Castlemaine—she was tall, and had such a peculiarly .proud carriage of her head. He'smiled as he thought to himself that it was hardly wonderful that he should not know her when herface was hidden, for all the time he had passed with her had been spent in watching the perfection of that face. If it were Lady Castlemaine, he resolved upon beguiling her into a long conversation with him. Hewould persuade her to go into the conservatory, where the flowers breathed such rich perfume, er into the cool, green fernery, where the -moonlight was brighter than the faint glow of. the lamps, and he would see if the future held any hope for him. ^ He seemed to have come to his senses with a sudden shock. It was characteristic of him that the first great/real love of his life should be for the wrong person. He never thought of checking'or. controlling his love because Lady Castlemaine was married. Marriage, the sanctity of married life, the holiness of the marriage tie had never formed the slightest, barrier between him and his desire. He hardly gave it a thonght. It ^as the first time in his life that he had fallen deeply, passionately in love, all his other pursuits had been fancies—the foolish pursuit of pretty faces; this was a very different matter. The pride and the coldness of Lady Castlemaine only deepened his love. If she would have flirted with him, have encouraged him, have given him emiles in return for his profuse compliment?, &U; would have been well, but she was " a goddess in the clouds." She liked talking to him, she considered him a great hero, she enjoyed bis stories And bis anecdotes, she thought him one of the most distinguished of meQ, but she never deigned even to listen to compliments, implied flattery, or implied love-making, it waB that that made the pursuit pf her oil the more piquant'to him.. The man who had brokenBO many hearts, who had ruined, so many homes, who had blighted so many lives, the man who had for* gotten that the true test of a soldier is not only his bravery in the battle-field, but his reverence for women—this man had fallen in love st last, and, as a matter of course with a man like himself, had fallen in love with one whom he could never marry. CHAPTER XXVin. " PICTUBES FBOH THE MASQUERADE." Picture the firet, in a gronp of tall, slender palms in the background, nestling at their feet a group of rich Indian blossoms, scarlet in colour, shaped; like a bell, fragrant with rich- odours,- that belong to flowers of the East. < A group of tall white orchids one side,'-a magnificent mass of stephanotis on the other, between a prettily covered iron seat, On it sit the beautiful figure already known through the room -as Dawn, in the charming blush of pale rose and gold/ and a tall, aristocratic figure in the dress Of a Venetian nobleman. ' Lord Castlemaine not only had no taste for flirtation, but he despised it ; hejeonsidered it, •and had the frankness to say so, always the refuge of a .weak mind. ".When a woman has few charms of mind," Lord Castlemaine was accustomed to observe when shelacks intelligence,wit,and poetry, she takes to flirtation, because she can do no better. When a man lacks brightness and intellect, he does the same " Flirtation was a fault of. which he had never been guilty, and for which he had little toleration. - There was no trace of it in his manner now, as he leaned over the seat, talking earnestly to Dawn. A faint light reached them, and it came filtered through the white orchids; sweet sounds reached them, the" Sweetheart Waltz" was being played in the ball-room, and from the fernery came* the-sonnd of the rippling water as it fell from the .rocky stones to the moss-green below. " I cannot imagine who you are," he said, " that you can say such a thing to me, above all other men." "Have you no.idea who I am?" asked_a low voioe, the sweetness of which was disguised by a faint whisper. " Not the least, but I should say from your observation to me that you cannot know inuch of me, and that you know still less about my affairs." " So you imagine," said beautiful 1 Dawn. " Is there nothing familiar either in my face or figure?" He looked at her curiously. " The light is so faint," he said, " and you speak in -a whisper. No, I have not the least idea who you are." "Iam surprised," she said; "yet I have lived in the world long enough not to be surprised at anything. Do you think any disguise would prevent you from knowing yonr own wife ? " "No,' nonei" he replied. But then, yon see, sh6<s my wife. " That just makes the difference." "And I ought to have been,", thought beautiful Dawn to herself," I, and no other." "If yon do not Jcnow me," he said, " it was. a startling remark to make; "if you do not know me, the remark is even more strange." "I am not qiuife sure," she said, '.'if I remember what my remark was." " So mucti the better," he. answered. "It shows, at least,.there was m meaning in it." . "Will you mind'telling me what it was?" she asked, slowly. . " You said that I was happily married-»-yet I had not married the one woman in the world who loved me best." She drew a beautiful'bongh of the white orchids to "herself and bent her faoe over them. "How sweet they are I" she said. " I am sure that orchids most have grown in the garden of Eden." " Never mind the' orchids," he said, draw- \- ing the white bloom from her. What did yon mean?" "Give me your hand," she said. "Nay, draw ofi yonr golden Broidered glove, or it^ will be of little use to me." He did so, and placed before hera strong, supple white hand—the. clean, honest hand of an upright mam . She touched it with hers. "Let me see it more, plainly," she said, parting with the other hand the branches of the .orchids. She looked at'it long and steadily. The sweet, sad musio of the "Sweetheart Waltz" came from the ballroom, and the ripple of water from the fernery; there were no other sounds: It seemed to her that be must hear the quick beating of her heart. She bad never held hia hand in her own so long before. While she held it, she repeated the vow that she had whispered to the white lilacs. Then suddenly she let it fall. " I am a fortune-teller, after a fashion," she said, "a fashion that holds good in the Moorish camp, and among the gipsies of Spain." *' She cannot possibly be a Spaniard—she speaks English too well" 1 he thought. "And what has that to do with my fortune ?" he asked. She looked at him thoughtfully. " Tour fortune has interested me. 2 know you, although you do not recognize me, and what I read in yonr faoe I have read now in your hand. My ideas are confirmed." From the white orchid and the stephanotis came a great gust of perfume; the ripple of the water was sweeter and stronger' " And your ideas are-—" " Just what I said," she interrupted. " First that you did not marry the one woman in the world who loved you best; and now in your hand I read all. It is better not to speak about it." " I should like to know," he persisted. " Well if the old Moorish teaching be right, it is not good fortune that lies in that strong white hand of yours." He smiled* " What fortune does lie there ?" he asked. " Tell me." "Asad one," she replied; "There is a sudden and violent termination to the line of love, and there-are some terrible-lines of pain." "What, do you deduce from that?" he " Nothing," she replied; it is for yoa to draw what deductions you will." "! draw none," he replied •, r" I have firm faith." His heart beat and his face flushed as it always did when he thought of his beautiful Gertrude, whom he should love unto death. - " Yoa will remember my words some day," " I hope it will be only to laugh at them,' he replied., Just then the musio ceaBed, and Beveral people came into the conservatory. Dawn suddenly rose'and shook her long skirts oi pale pink and flecks of gold, and before he eould say more, she had vanished from among the slender green palms and left him there. Picture the second.—The pale crescent moon is rising in dark sky, and its light penetrates into the cool green fernery, where the lamps, like pale golden stars, are half hidden by the green leaves, where the fems grow strong and moist, and the rippling water falls from the stones to the soft springing moss. A subdued light, as of pale gold, lingers there. In the midst of the rook-work there stands a tall fountain, the spray of which rises high in the air, the music of which, as the spray falls into the marble basin, is soft and sweet to the ear. By the fountain stand sonle elegant bamboo chairs, easy and luxurious as chairs can be. In one of them sits the white and radiant Snow Queen. She looked blight and attractive enough in the ball-room ; but here, in the soft light, among the tall feathery fems and the fipple of running water, she looks dazzling, &e; one centre of wlnte and light in that ocean of green. She lies back, thoughtfully in her chair; the snowy robes form graceful billows around her and sweep the ground; f the light falls on the diamond stars, and trembles in the diamond icicles; her lovely face is pale; she has removed her glove, and laid her band in the dimpling, restless water pf the fountain. A shadow falls over the green ferns and the water, and the tall 'figure of .the Knight Templar draws n?a& .He stands for a few minutes in silent contemplation of what seems to him the most charming picture he has eyer beheld. . ' - " Eve in the Garden of Eden was never onehalf '-so- fair," he said tb himself. Then he went op to the bright white figure. " The Queen of Snow," bfl said, with a profound how. " Would that ! were a Knight of the Frost and the Ice." Yon ,look much better as you are," replied a laughing voice. Supposing," he said," that you had some very fragrant roses, and you tried .to hide them between green leaves, so that no one conld discover them, the perfume would be sure to steal through the leaves and betray thero&es.;" " Quite sure ? " was the laughing reply. "If a bright, golden star was shining, you conld not, nnless you closed your eyes, help seeing it ? " " Certainly not," was the answer. " If the sweetest music was stealing softly round, you could not help hearing while your ears were open and yonr senses alive. So, so," he continued, passionately, " you may hide the fairloveliiiess of your face, you may disguise the tone of your voioe, but I should know ybu among tanthousand. You are Lady Castlemaine, and you have rightlycalled yourself the Snow Queen." " Just as you have called yourself a Knight Templar; you are Colonel Lennox." " Yon make me the proudest man in the world," he said. " I have, not given you muoh reason for suddenly occupying such a very exalted position," she said. " Yon are always satirical to me," he said. " And you will persist in being sentimental with me," she replied. " You are cruel to me," he said. ":The flowers that lie on your heart are happy because you breathe on them; they love the fresh, sweet water dimpling round your fingers; they must be.happy because yon. caress them, while I, who would give. my life for a smile, or a kind word, can never win either." She rose from her seat, a dazzling white figure, tall, haughty, and erect. "I am Lady Castlemaine," she said, "and yon are Colonel Lennox, "but I am half-inclined to forbid you ever to enter my presence again." ; "Why?" he cried, despairingly. "BecauseXflo no not like those labored compliments of yours. J decline to be compared to roses, or music, or stars." ' " I will never do it again," he said: " never." "Yoa promise me most faithfully?" she asked. " I promise, on my word," he replied. "Then you can sit down here, and we will go on talking.". And with a careless grace she resumed her seat. ; Picture the Third.—Jn the great drawingroom of white and gold Lady .Heathen,' as Flora MacDanaid. sits leamng languidly on a daick-TOlvet-cbair... She was J»Mngmost confidentially. to a hand£bme man who wore the dress of Sir.TYalter Baleigh. " Yea"«he was saying, " I have enjoyed the first part of the evening better than I shall the Becond. We are to unmask at supper, then, -so' far is I am concerned all the pleasure of the nighFis over.- I-have enjoyed some things exceedingly." "Yon always extract plenty of amusement from everybody,'' ewdher companion. " That is one happy-faculty ,1 envy you. " I have been talking to the -poet, and he did not know me. I had tbe pleasure of abasing his poems, his themes, and his ideas to his fⅇ, which, yon will admit was a treat,to me." - " lean well imagine that it was eo," he answered, slowly, "He will never suspect. Foot Oswald! We are very good friends to all outward appearances ; but I have often longed to give him a bit of my mind, and now he has had it." And Lady Heathers began to discuss the characters of the evening. " I have found out the Eoight Templar," she said. " That handsome, brave, graceless Colonel Lennox. How the poet hates him I" " He is sure to do so. The man who wrote " The Loves of the Lilies" woald never tolerate a man of the Colonel's stamp." Then Sir Walter Rileigh bent his head, and whispered to.iier. Lady He&lihers; listened with a sorrowful expression of face. " No," she replied, " I had not heard.". " Not a whisper ?'' asked her companion. "No not even a whisper," said Lady Heathers, " and I am with her every day."-- " Have you seen him with her ?" he asked. " Yes, continually. I have been, at Neath House once with him." " And you saw nothing ?" " Less than nothing. Lady Castlemaine is too proud and too cold. She will never be talked about." „ "Butshe is talked about. Lord Merton told me." . .." I do not believe a word about it. Bemember," she added, raisicg one white finger warningly to him, " no tcandul about Qaeen Elizabeth." He laughed, and moved away. . Picture the fourth, and the last.—Beautiful Dawn, standing in her room alone, still flashed with triumph. ' " He did not know me," ehe was saying to herself. I came from under the same roef. True I did not go there in the same carriage. ^ I have pierced his heart, and he will never suspect me. I am nearer—to the end." CHAPTER XXVI. THE WIFE'S TRUE GUARDIAN. Lord Castlemaine was just a little puzzled; not'suspicious, but puzzled. He had nothing to be! suspicious over. - He was in tbe readingnom of his club, his face and head hidden by a copy of the times, on which he was intent. Two members of the club, both well known to him, came in and sat down close to him, without perceiving idm. They had evidently been deeply engrossed in conversation, and thev continued it now. " There is nothing in it," said one to the other. " I know her well. I am Eure there there is nothing in it." " It is seldom you find smote without fire," said the other. " I do not know. JL feel sure this is ^all smoke. How many such rumors are born and die in a day." This was 6pokeri by Sir Harvey Hope, who always took a bright and hopeful view of things. Colonel Charters, who answered him,. was a man who took a dark view of everything. " True," he replied, " but I think there is generally some cause for. them. ' I am sorry -in this esse, for I have a sincere liking for the lady, and the husband too." "I do not believe it," said Sir Harvey Hope. " I know them both, husband and wife, and I do not think there is a happier pair in London." "I must admit the Eame thing," said the dark-minded colonel; " whenever I have seen them together they have seemed most united, most devoted to each other. I was utterly astonished."' " But what did you hear," asked Sir Harvey," only foolish rumours?" " I heard the same old story—that he had' gone mad over her." : " That is hot her fault," interposed Sir Harvey. "She cannot be blam.ed for that." " Certainly not; but knowing the character oi the man, , she should not give him the slightest encouragement. When he was in England! before, there was always Bome' scandal or other about him." " That is not her fault either," interrupted Sir Harvey. ... " True; but it should make her careful," said the colonel. ." Probably, being young and unaccustomed to the world, she knows nothing whatever of the evil side of hiB reputation, and only knows him as one of-the bravest officers in Eng- land."- " Then her husband should look after her,'' grumbled the colonel. '.' I have no patience with the men of to-day; they sit by, in silent inactivity, while their wives go straight to ruin. I'cannot tell what they are made of." "This is rather a sweeping assertion," 3aid Lord Castlemaine, laying down his papef, and looking both gentlemen in the face. They could not have bsen more horrified if they had suddenly seen a ghost. Sir Harvey's ruddy face suddenly turned pale, and Colonel Charters, in his agitation, almost dropped his cigar; but Lord Castlemaine was serenely DnconEciouB; he had not the most remote idea the conversation had been about him; he would not have believed it if either of them had sworn it. I That is a sweeping assertion, Charters," he said again; " and, do yoa think, quite de« served ?" ' I am sorry to say I believe it to ba. perfectly true. I am amazed at the indifferent, callous fashion in which husbands see yonng and beautiful wives launched on the very- sea of fashion,. dissipation, and excitement, and make no effort whatever to help keep them a. I say that it amazes me. A husband should be the guardian pf his wife.'! ^ Sir Harvey Hope laughed; but his life was not a bright one. I I do not think many wives would like that notion," he said. .. Lord Castlemaine remarked: "I am proud of the reputation the Casflemaines have always enjoyed,; of being good husbands." / . ; The two gentlemen looked at each other. Their eyes met, but they spoke no word. " It would be indiscreet,"he.oohtinued, '5 to aek of whom you were speaking ?" Sir Harvey admitted that it woald. The Colonel was silent. . . " I could hot help overheaimgithe converfsatipn," he Baid, " and it is no 1 matte*,*)? imna- —no business whatever: of mirie; but if I understand you rightly, rumour is busy wiUi the name of some young and beautiful young lady." - " * ' . . . I - - The two friends looked at each othei strangely. " " That is it," replied Sir Harvey. " That same man describes himself as going mad about her, while sue is a married woman ? " " True," nodded the colonel. He wished himself far away, and evidently thonght the less said the better. ^ " If she is married, she has a husband to to take care of her, I suppose, and to keep all such men at a distanos/' eaid liord GaBHemaine. "'" ; ' T Both gentlemen nodded, but did jaot answer. The situation, to say the ieast of it,~ was piquant and peculiar. " I should very quickly decide what-to do in his case, be he whom he inay," continued Lord Castlemaine. " If he has dared to speak in that way of any "married lady, ^et her husband take up her defence. ~3?hete is no need t6 whieper it in corners. InA. her husband find a whip with a strong lash ;ltihen let inm seek out the coward who has BO spoken of his wife andfadi him in^publio. - Qiie or two such examples would.care sicUrsdouni drels of trying ^\to. mafc lore tyiffljg-j&fr.; ONTROA " 1 ""!' Again tf^i^ogentlemen looked helplessly one aithepther. -. "That w ihe right thing to do," added Lord GasUemalne. " To qnarrel with each a man is to encourage hikn; to fight with him would be%o di©iify him.' Tbe right thing ia to horsewbip him." "Howtanyouhorsswhip a gentleman?" asked the colonel, helplessly. " \- " A gentlemanr' repeated Lord Castlemaine. mHiinfinite scorn. "We are not speaking <j£ gentlemen; wo are speaking of cowards.'and traitors, who have no respect for women, and jrio respect for the honour of their fellow-meri; v WeJdo not call such persons * gentlemfenuT I woald brand, each men, I believe ; " and^Lord Castlemaine's' face shone with a noblelight as_ he spoke. " I believe in the sanctity bfmarriage and in the honour of woinen." j ! ' • ?' A [noble' fellow," thonght the colonel; but whataatnation 1" " Curious things will happen," he said, aloud. "The- world is pretty muoh what it has always been. The sins of Adam and Eve, of Cain arid Abel, of fiavid and Solomon, are our sins." ' ,. We may all tie sinners," said Lord Castlemaine, "thatliesbetween as and onr God; we may all -be at the same time loyal and honestinen, 4 'that lies between as and our fellow creatures." - . ' Colonel Charters rose from his Beat and iwned as politely as, possible. Sir Harvey Imitated lumps''quickly. Lord Castlemaine wonderei viiy their interest in the subject died so soon,»nd why they seemed in such a hurry to leave. " , " I am going yonr way," said Sir Harvey to the colond V " shall we go together ? " The two gentlemen left the club together, arm in arm. ~ . " Of allthe strange things," said Sir Harvey, solemnly, a That is the strangest. To think that we should have gone into the very rodm where he was, have taken seats near him, yet not have noticed it was he." ' 1 And to'think that within sound of his own ears we shoald have disoassed his wife and ColonelLennox." " He haftiot the faintest idea of whom we were speaking," said Sir Harvey. " Not in l£e. least," replied the colonel. " It would not Have been a pleasant hour for as if he had done so, and it wodld have been harder still for Lennox." " Yes," paid Sir Harvey, with a grim smile; "even his victories in. Zululand, the Vic-, toria cross, and all the honours he has received would not have saved him, from that terrible whip." The Sirdar's Chess-Board. When my husband came back from that interview he ~seemed greatly dispirited. To all my questions >he replied briefly that the Sirdar had received him with great friendliness, and. had been much pleased with a present of handsome fire-arms sent to him from the Home Office in England; that he was to spend that evening in his company at his tumble down serai in the citadel, and that I was invited to accompany him. There was nothing alarming in all this. I que&Uoned; him further, and after a while I learnei that the Sirdar had given him unpleasant news from India; that he felt it his duty to hasten'forward-and rejoin his regiment!'and that the sooner he could .get his visit paid to the Afghan prince then living ander the protection of a tribe of freebooters in the mountains, the sooner we conld be en route-tor the rcmainder of our joumey. ; " Shall .we start for the bills to-morrow, then V' I asked, a littledolefully. I had looked fqrward to a comfortable reBt at Herat, and wasi indeed; from out by constant riding. ^'There's thernb," said my husband. "The Sirdar has not yet been able to establish his authority in the hills. ' He will Bend a strong escort with me, bnt it will not be nnder my command.' I might go and return within a week if I took no luggage, end only Bruce with me." " Not'me. Charles ?" " Dear wife," he said, "I am miserable at the thought of Jeaving you behind me. But yon are a soldier's wife, yon know. You have kept your promise faithfully, thus far, that you would never be 4 drag upon your husband. Croisset will Stay, and Porson, and the Sirdar invites you to be the guest of his head wile, a' Turcoman lady, end to pass your time among his women:" My heart sank within me. A week in a harem, with its ennui, its familiarity, its noise, its dirt", its want ofjvnvaey and delicacy! Then, too, -for a -whole week I should be dumb no bstter than an idiot or an animaL It was not probable that any one in this inland place could speak any of my languages. "Oh Charley 1" But those words, " You have never been a drag upon me yet," determined me. I nestled closer to my husband, who was sitting on the divan with his;arm around my waist, and said, as firmly as I could, '.'I accept the Sirdar's invitation." ' Thai evening, after the muezzin's summons of the faithful to their prayers, we went to the serai. The SiTdar received ue in a room.which had little furniture. Some divans' round the walls, some'tables covered with thick carpets, same other ^carpets like them under foot, were all that it contained. Ahmed Khan was a good-looking dark man aboat forty-five, with pleasant manners tending to joviality.. To my surprise and great delight, ! fdund he boiild Bpeak a little Levantine Italian. familiar enough to me, as my father's regiment had once been in garrison at Malta.'*; • -- , . We were- recdved, of, .course, with pipes, coffee, and sweetmeats, the former being offered as Etraight lrom thB attendants' mouths. Bruce acd Croisset were there besides oarselves. Tbey got on comfortably, as they both spoke Persian. - The Sirdar was full of talk, not alluding, of oourse. to that part of his history whMi bbnneoted him with the massacre^of our people at Cabool in 1841, nor to his-riding.at the head of some hundreds of Afghain horsemen against us in the Sikh war. He talked about the late Beige of Herat by the Persian forces, about the fntare polioy of his principality* about Lieutenant-Colonel Taylor's mission in his capital, and finally he related how he had -heen imprisoned by the savage Vizier of Bokhara twenty-seven years previously mi the same prispn as poor Captain Stoddart. The Sirdar had got away disguised as a melon seller, find Stoddart's gallant bearing in misfortune impressed him that he had offered tosharewithhimhischancesof escape and bad procured .a .disguise for him. But Stoddart would not leave his dungeon secretly Every day ^he expected deliverance at tlie hands of his government. That deliverance never reached him. The brave'and trustful Englishman paid with hiB life for his confidence in the ptfwer of the English rtame^ All this was interpreted to me by Croisset. After a while ihe Sirdar and my husband began to a "beautifully inlaid board wis brdught forward, together with the most dabbately pBrved -chess-men I had ever seen; r I Eat lpo^g at the game, and ae nobody epote to m^ indulged my own thoughts during itsrprpj^ss.. Croisset and Bruce smoked and probab^^objogated the verb s'ennuyer. My husban^^t &B; firsttwo games, and then auowed-^elSirdar to beat him. - He was ;a good player4»ut not equal to my husband. Attra" ;e'^ockLi^ hnsbsthd rose. It had been^ettle$iihbuid remain after he left, as he wonld stwt before.daybreak in the morning;. He ied me into a recess apart. I hung upon his nepk with Irantic kisses. . ^ I I You woh'tmind it«i muchjdear Sophia," hej=^i^,"iii)w4tiat you have seen the Sirdar. Yiu are.to ^ave ^-chamber to yourself J to^ed^tij 1^teS4um-,that.. that was always th 6uetcra^ us, ^as English lad jss needed; privacy . J^inemiierj .dear, do nothing that wiU ^^.fbiHr prejudices.^^ Efface yourself ,,— M much as possible. I thought yoa a little hasty under the roof of Abdul Beschid. Oh, by-the-way, Sophia, don't mention hia name to the Sirdar, fie has never made his submission. I have cautioned Croisset not to say we visited his stronghold on our journey. Don't be afraid, my love. Nobody here will harm yoa. Ahmed sincerely seeks the friendship of our government. Croisset is. to stay at the Missionhouse, and Porgon with him: If yoa need either, the Sirdar will send for them.' Goodby, my darling wile. Get into no scrapes. Don't let vain fancies run away, with you. Don't allude to politics. Don't shock their prejudices. Don't mention Abdal Kesehid. My dear—dear—precious wife I" And he kissed me with the fervor that a woman.loves so dearly from her husband. Beturning to tbe Sirdar, he took courteous leave of him, and pressed my hands again as he went out of the room. Croisset at,partingwhispered, "I hold myself at your orders,- madame,- night and day. I have discovered the apartments of the anderoAn are ill the eastern tower of the citadel, looking toward the Mission-house. If at any time' yoa need me, hang your red scarf from the parapet, and I will find some way of procuring an interview." " If I need yoa, I will send a message to you through the Sirdar," I replied, stiffly. Croisset looked crest-fallen, and without replying left the room. When they were gone, the Sirdar courteously turned towards me, Mid taking me by the hand, led me across the audience chamber to a low doorway. _ "I greatly fear," he said, "you may not like the bustle, noise, and other disagreeables of the harem. I do not myself. I have therefore caused to be prepared for yoa an apartment separate from those .of my women. I hope you will often give me the pleasure of conversing with you. They can not eonverse. They are stupid. You will find them dull, as I do," he added, as we found ourselves before a leathern curtain, litfing which 'we entered the apartments of his women. These, as I afterwards found, consisted of one principal room and five or six .small chambers, in which cooking, eatifig, Bleeping, dressing, and everything else belonging to domeBtio life were carried on. . The chief lady of the harem came forward as we entered. She had been beautiful, but she was dreadfully bedaubed with paint, black, 'white, a^d red. Her hands were stained ^yellow, so were tbe soles of her, feet, though they were then thrast into embroidered slippers. Her eyebrows were unnaturally arched and black, being painted, and stained high up upon her forehead. Her hair was black, though very Jittle of it showed. Being ; the daughter of a Turcoman chief, she wore jthe coBtame of her people, a long wrapper of Ted eilk, open on the breast, which was only partially concealed by a chemisette of silk gauze. Her head-dress "was most wonderful. It was like a canopy fastened to tbe head, rather than like a head- dress—an elaborate frame, out of proportion to the picture. It was composed of many scarfs and handkerchiefs, the former cashmere, and rich red, tbe latter eilk, Persian, and many-colored. These were entwined with yards and yards of sheerest India muslin. Over her forehead, for a foot Above her face, hung strings and strings of golden coins, and stuck about the head-dress, apparently to keep its materials in their place, were sprays of diamonds, gold pins, and more bezants and sequins. Bound her throat were several tight collars of jewels and large pearls.. , As this lady and I could not converse, all we could do was to stare at each other'? finery, like shy, strange children, and ex change a compliment or two through the ^Sirdar as interpreter. .. They can't talk mach. They are very stupid," he-said again to ,me, with a little sigh. But here the conversation, such as it was, was broken in npbn hy the entrance of three more wives, followed by a troop of .little children and servant-women. . / The children at once ;threw themselves upon the Sirdar, who caressed |hem Affectionately. Xbie'. women,- cooks or wives, got round mei^l(^bB|);.and began to finger me. NotoK, * was one poor girl, tall, bgaai hair and a blonde .Circasi seemed toshrink away from~aB kept her eyes, rivetted apon'. countenance. . -v.:-,, I heard one of the group fiza"—that first drew my ai her. , . - .' j. Among those who surrounded one who looked like a HiSdostftn I addressed her in that langajB^ ji husband had been teachin^in^eoL swered me in a strange nurture, of-; English and Hindostanee. HerejTOB channel of communicatiojK : " seemed very glad to give up* his terpreter. He immediately f should attend me daring my) her bed in my apartment. Finding conversation & Hindostanee was as imperfei both being about equal to French afterone "quarter's ii thought me of 'suggesting sol company. The Sirdar, on 5 ; wish, ordered one of the late and to perform on it. was very agly, and had littl ear. When she had finish] Btrament, and contriving enough.bom it for an accoj gan to sing a negro meloi their ancoltivated tastes.-^ to the hearts of allof thi ^ upon the S^annee Biber," ',5 lived so long ago, " Miss Li disjointed history of Susani wheat cake, her banjo, and each other.. J had to Italian yatois to the Sirdar 'tl biography of Unole Ned, his^' Btrange appearance, the sad h Neal, the^' yaller gal," and of the jetrblack seal- delivered lover; but" Susanna" and " were ioo' hard for me. Then save the .Queen" and "Isle these, did col strike a eho: among my aaditors. * At -last the party was brbi retirement ofthefliraar, who, me his own deeping-room. 'M sleep apon a divan in his aof ~ I was conducted to my ap ayah, who had once served' in India. My room was in the citadel,' and looked, asy it would^ toward the -: were <cracked in many plai rained; and crumbling were two window, narrows mthoiled paper,.but one paa. oat, so that I could look There was alBO the luxarf "^ shutter. . Water had been spru floor, and .the whole iiad though hardly cleansed^: spread .a thick .fett«ffirpeH? «normons red eilkpillbw. i had been brought in from the and my ayah soon: arranged, had learned Io io ior " Who is that ^girirthey. said to her as she a; * : " Wild »rL Stri JustcoTme," she ahs' . Jast comeflXij comb and turning tp, frpm thehifis.?,,.Who„_„ ffjpL Ahbas.Ali , Sird^",;, e naine ^ir JUbbas ^.li as one i; Jiad jw ., nttet^d .hy thb women of Abdul Besohld in thcni lory. "Was she going to be married to a young chief in the hills? Has ehe uttered the name of Abdul Beschid " She has spoken but few words since she eame last evening." "What is the Sirdar going to do with her?" "His Highness has said nothing. I think he has hot deigned to look apon . her." • " -/• - Just at that moment came the recollection that AbdolJEteschid was a name forbidden by my instractibns; that he and hi ancle were esteemed rebels by the Sirdar; that I should disobey my husband, and possibly get everybody into a sci ape, if I mixed myeelf ap with V the yonng chief and his Hafiza. I declined the farther services of my ayah, but told her to get her .bed and spread it be- . fore the door. \Then I stood looking through the torn window-pane at a light in the Mission-houEe, where I greatly feared my hasband was spending the remainder of his night writing Idispatches. Before dawn I beard a stir below me. A .strong party of Afghan horsemen were v pouring over, the draw-bridge. Lights began to move in thecourt-yardof the Mission. The riders halted. My husband must have joined them., A light went back into tbe Mission-house. It was extinguished. With a heart full of apprehension I crept to my lonely coach, and watered its silk cushion with my tears. The next day passed very, much as I had , expected. I got Hafiza into my chamber, and put rfi few cautious questions to her through ayah. I had ho doubt she, was Abdul Eeechid's fair Hafiza, but she was inexpressibly timid, cowed, and on her guard. Neither of ns could make mach of the other. - I observed in the harem that the women all appeared to snub her or to shun her. They . evidently expected her place in the establishment would be that of an inferior. What a strange life is that of the harem 1 Those in the West who drefem about. it always, connect it with luxuzy, magnificence, and voluptuousness. But imagine a common " keeping-room" need as a sleep,ing-plaee at night by cooks and kitchen-maids resting - from their labors; with children, troublesome and dirty, who have repeatedly to be whipped to bring them to any order; gleomy, for the light is always imperfect; close, with foul air, yet pervaded, by draughts from broken doors and iU-buttt /chimneys. The expresaion bn , . most of the wonien's faces soon grows vapid. There is no religious .life among them—no zeal for moral principles. Their children oecapy-but weary them. They care for them chiefly as stepping stones to, power and to the favojf .of their husbands.. Barely indeed has a mother in a harem any ccmfort in her boys.' 'They early become insolent, and tyrannize, " by right of -cosquest and by right of birth/' over the little sisters ana half- sisters, who are their abject victims. Over all presides the head wife or the husband's mother. < Dressing, bathing,- playing 'at' j childish ^ games, and mismanagingthechildreneeemBd the perpetual employments fif the Sirdar's ladies. Bad they liyed in a large city they, could have, gone out into the towDj shopped like their sfeters in Christ^d6m,^p^d^; re- ; ceived viBitB, haa ^icnica,''UH3er , chaige pf eunuchs or duennas, in pleasitnt *piaces ; bat here in Herat they were each terribly great ladies that almost all these resources were cut of from thenu Tihgeing their -fingernails with henna occupied -a good deal ef their time; and some Seemed to enjoy %</, the Soke far niente tf smoking^ ; But tna / - whole of them, seemed destitute of ideas, fiideed, what had they to form ideas from ? Their animal wants were satisfied; ihey had - no aspirations. Why ~.slionld they labor, when thaMabor had no object? - j' V "Work without t»pe dram- a .eieve^ ' .. ' ' ... ' .C . And hope without an Object" can fcpt live." It was an ttnEpeakable relief io me when the, Sirdar cajne .to mBit, us that ,evei^hg. Again the' children climbed apon - his knfees, and halfemoihered h^n with' theirvcarieBBes; ;«ad-twtf ef the womsn danced " ' ; thSir^feet up btflfiiwayiDg froni : the^hips Hke^^fiie- txrglad Tyhen the Sirdar Withhim.-'-- ^^SeingeetOnt, 'when fivo of . jeca^o"trbubleEomer' The Sir- . •^'I^wl^^s^s^^ h&Kjm.; Inyj^wSh in'eiiiiny djsrn.rbfim?'' . : *• y.MayTtatie'the ayah?" ltd the" 'Sirdar's audience^, pg in tfce place my hus- I'the isight before, I aciove, and we began - the ' pearly equal force. The , [>veiy mteestiEg. The Sir-A ouV seats, exhaosted i' to the game. I toyed chess men. . ' young girJ,. a &ointeia;£t8 mc/'Itaid less. ' ' .^•jpsteBentto me by my, agy ' 