ON BANGEBOUS GROUND. ? XXVIII. — ( Continued.) 'nECDLER POUIl MIEUX SAUTEB.' ' You are welcome to show it 1 ? You have the certificate of your marriage with Leicester Albany ; but — where is he ?' ' Where is lie ?' Gabrielle repeated slowly, and her hand closed suddenly on the dog's silver '? chain ; ' standing before me now. Creeping into a noble house in a false identity, to steal its daughter's honour -and peace. 1 know you, my husband.' 'By the Lord! but I'll show you directly that you didn't yet, though you are beautiful enough to make a fellow glnd to claim you in one way it he can't m another. Look you 1 you fled from Leicester Albany in 'Frisco two years ago. You en me here ; got a separation ex parte; destroyed every lino or likeness or vestigo of your husband. Those weie your own words, you! remember.' Ay ! too well. The miserable woman saw at onco the terrible mistake, tho fatal admiB aion, she had made in those words ; but, though the very blood seemed to freeze to ice in her veins, she never lost her haughty, un flinching front. 'Go oh !' she said, with stern brevity ; but her free hand whs placed against her bosom now. 'There is no one in England,' Albany went ? on deliberately, ' and none that you know of anywhere, who - could or would prove my ?-identity. Whereas (for I did not assume a mask haphazard, be sure) I can very readily prove myself to be Clifford Brandon. You . ' threaten to go to Sir Arthur and Lady Glen i Luna and strip that mask — that is to say — i you »'ill swear I am your scamp of a husband, j Leicester Albany.' 'I will swear tlie truth,' she answered, in tho same stern way. ' I warned you that, if you tried this dastard scheme, I would foil you at whatever cost.' ' Ha, yes ! — at whatever cost ; but what if i that cost were such hopeless disgrace to y.ur | self that you lost this, no doubt,' with a cruel sneer, 'particularly pleasant, happy berth? I ^r' Douglns Glen-Luna would of course feel I the loss of his fair companion so terribly j that ? ' 1 ' Keep to your point, you coward !' she | broko in, with so fierce an accent and gesture j that^A-ngus uttered another savage menace, 1 and dare not to name with your shameful § hpBft man who is to you as light is to the very I rp ne8s ^ades. Keep to your point.' The dog lmd crouched down again at his mistress s feet, laying his muzzle along be tween his paws, with his largo, watchful, brown eyes fixed steadily on the enemy. Leicester drew back a step, with almost a shudder of deadly fear; but he answered uabrielfe at once. 'I repeat, you would hardly like to lose the singular situation you hold here ; but I have no particular wish to cross your pleasure, lJw8re,fntent 'et me 8° mine undis turbed If you will exercise that very clever brain of yours, you will see that, having des troyed every letter, likeness, and paper— fin, every proof 0f my identity, your threatened Mpose and claim to me as your husband rests v y on y°ur ''supported word or oath. *ou cannot prove me to be other than what I fim* — ®hfford Brandon.' t ' ° ?f the family, at least,' she said, as j Je paussd, ' W1I1 take my word before yours. W course you deny the charge; I expected 'L^11 do mo'° than that,' ho answered, I one bv ™ P uCaKT' und droPPing each word ZhfnT 'purely as you tell them I man Lr.:-80 1 Bwear — and if over aTrLS 1 wiH keeP this- «« 1 1 1'ave von n!v ? ?, 8tory 80 118 to fit— that husband vn b y' had °laimed me forthe becaiiqn r j ? be really dead, since, told you H, fngTy0U ^re' *' Clifford.Brandon, feally wero / d tel1 them what you rny JktJJs)' SWCar- t,mt y°u have been ilead'^wfnl'18 ?i'' 8'ence after those words — tairibreadth nC°' iShe nevor moved -ono' stood thS^'i' 8p0k°' or bathed; but 'w there looking at him -looking, looking with strange, dread, wide-open gaze in the great dark eyes, ns if she had looked last on some awful thing of horror, nnd died there where she stood — thought, powers, the very scorn and - tempest of passion itself seemed stilled before this last fell outrage, as the war of the wild elements is so.cetimes subdued by the wilder raging of the battle. ''My God 1 Is this shape of humanity before me man born of woman, or — devil incarnate 1' The passionate words came,, awed and hushed, under her breath and she put one beautiful hand' before her eyes, as if to shut out some sight too pitiably painful to look u|K-n. From far off up the liver came the ceaseless music of the falling waters over the weir, nnd nearer once or twice the rustle of a leaf, as some night bird fluttered from bough to bough,, and a little whispering breeze stole like some ghost or avenging spirit through the lofty trees ; it seemed as if tho very pall of night had lowered darker yet over the sleep ing world. Leicester moved1 uneasily. He could better have borne, better havo met, a blaze of pas sion— a fierce blast of scorn and wrath. But this, this hurled him to an immeasurable depth beneath passion or scorn ; it scathed him like fire, and to break the spell, he spoke, slowly, as before, watching her. ''Ye*-know now what I will do ; and more, I leave it to your quick wits and imagination to foresee all I will add arid- suggest, in the peculiar and anomalous position you hold to the heir of Glen-Luna.' Ah ! there in that helpless charge, that one being so dependent on her, whose recovery lay ? fully half in her hands, whose life she knew too terribly was under her guardianship, whom she had sworn before Heaven not to lsave, come what might ; whom, try .to crush it as she would, because stye was another man's loyal wife, she loved— in /him, Douglas Glen-Luna, lay at once her strength and'her weakness, her power to bear and temporize even now ; and here, like Achillea'' foot, lay her one vul nerable point. In that silence the vital force of her mascu line mind, the noble^jjSwer of her woman's heart, had regaine^tts steadfast strength to meet and grasp the whole position. She saw at once that this once, at least at present-, her husband was master of tfee dangerous ground on Which both ntpoJ* tlm/slio was beaten back, and must yieldfcsouWwrfclly once for all. Jul fer aut feri. She could not strike yet. She must bear till she could, for the sake of that one being so loved and so helpless ! ' Well,' said Leicester Albany, ' which is it to ' bei - peace or war 1 Are we ? two — Mrs. Albany and Clifford Brandon — to meet in this house as strangers — or, sometime protector amLmistress ?' ? I She turned upon him now with such fierce passion, and pitiless, withering scorn that tho man actually recoiled. ' If the mother who bore you could have foreseen this night, she wold surely have hushed you to death on her breast, as 1 would the child I bore you, if God in His- mercy hod not spared me such - stern duty ! It she had lived to see this hour, 6he must hare cursed the hour that gave you birth, as I. do the first moment you saw this miserable beauty of mine. Go your way. We are strangers here ; but God of Justice above,' she said lifting her hand, upraised like some avenging prophetess of old, ' hear me, this man's most wronged, most miserable wife, call down upon his head Thy juBt vengeance of his deeds 1' ' Gabrielle !' The dog sprang to his feet with nn absolute howl of ferocity at that exclamation, and reached up so suddenly, so furious, to leap on the man that, had the hand that graspedtho chain been less strong, or the command, ' Down, dear Angus !' less firm, Albany's chance of life had been but alight. He started back as his wife drew the noble unimal closer to her side, and said with livid lips — j 'If that cursed brute means to fly like that, I warn you and your precious Douglas to keep him in your own loom.' I ' I warn you,' said .Gabrielle, with a stern menace that shook him, ' that if harm cpmea || to either dog or master, neither your secret [ nor life shall bo safe for one hour. Lay that | well to heart, Leicester Albany.' | ' She turned and glided away swiftly under | j the trees, and mistress arid dog wero lost in the gloom. _ , ' But she is beaten this time, by Heaven !' muttered Albany, moving slowly forward ; ' she is forced to yield at last with all her proud scorn.' Was she ? Fool and blind guide ! he forgot the wise old saw — ' Reculer pour mieux souter.' CHAPTER XXIX. antagonism. Brain and heart rackcd, a fitful, restless sleep that was the very opposite of rest, and that terrible waking with a dull, heavy sense ? of anguish and weight which most of us have ex perienced at some period — the feeling that the day was to be got through, not lived — that was Gabriolle Albany's awakening to anothcr day, a most painful position to maintain, a most difficult part to net out. And yet, the moment she entered Douglas Glen-Luna's pre sence, she seemed to pass at once, into another, brighter atmosphere, as from darkness to light. But she noticed that he was restless, unquiet, and when presently the sound of ' many voices came wafted in from the lovdAgardens with out, he turned his curly :head*sK^»ly from tbe window with a quick, half- smothered,— ' I cannot. I cannot !' A soft - firm hand, whoso touch vibrated along every chord of his being, fell on his shoulder. 'Not even for your autocrat 1' said the low, rich tones. ' Oh, Gabrielle, if you only knew how I dread it!'1 ' Don't I know; 1 Don't [ realize your feel ings as much as if I were a man myself 1' she answered with a force all the more intense from its suppression. 'Don't I exactly feel with you, for you J Only I know, all the more from the dread of the very first step, how necessary it is that the cordon of morbid suf fering should be broken through once and for all. I know, too, that it is the first break through, which is the worst, or, rather, that once, faeed it will prove half a shadow. It was no sin or fault of yours, but an accident, and that too, because you lost your chance of safety to save human life.' He turned his bead to kiss the white hand that lay' on his shoulder, and life his dark, penitent eyes to hers. ' Oh, Gabrielle, forgive your wayward scape-, grace charge ; for the hundredth time I cry peccavi.' ' I suppose you must be forgiven,' said Mrs. Albany, smiling, ' Ah,' there is Miss Lee's sweet voice again ; what a lovely girl she is. Now confess that you will be glad to have a second recipient for your pretty speeches.' She had moved a little as she spoke to pick a few of the rare flowers that scented the air, and it was well that she did not see the sudden flash in those dark eyes, or the instant look of intense agony, the fierce setting of the curved lips, and quick clenching of the hand that followed. Then he laughed a little and sang — ' There be none of Beauty's daughters With a magic like thee, And like music on the waters Is thy sweet voice to me.' 'I won't confess to anything but that, especially as I mean it; and I am sure I deserve , that exquisite little button-hole you have been gathering on purpose ' for me as a' reward- ? ' j ' For what, I wonder 1 Your wickedness ? ' Gabrielle said lightly, as shie bent down to fasten the flowers in his button-hole; 'but I'll forgive you this time.' ' Which is more than I deserve, your tone aays. I don't believe I shall really make my peace with you until I have 'passed the Rubi con and met some of thesa people.' 'I am going to fetch your hat and mine, and we will go out' into the grounds. You can trust me not to leave you to their tender mercies/' sho added, smiling, ns she left 'the room, ringing for Harford as she went. ' For one moment Douglas Glen-Luna covered bis eyes with his hands. ' Oh Gabrielle,- my heart, my love ! it is too late for me— only to save honour - only to keep the secret locked here in this heart. I . ?dare not, cannot send thee from me into the ?wide, harsh world again, God help me ! I can ibear all, suffer all, for the, and make no sign.' ? '' Ah me! but the heart is still only human ; can he guard every look, every throb, almost every movement ! The prayer had gone- iip with all thedeep; earnestness of .a. noble, faith, a spotless honour, that would not wrong, her honour — another man's wife — or his by one 1 breath, one passing thought, and surely, i surely such prayers for help ngainst dire ' temptation are heard ! There were no traces of eVnotinn when she came back ; but, as she wheeled his chair to the lift, he said, with his ever bright smile— —for was not her mere presence happiness, despite the suffering beneath 1 'It'has crossed me often, Gabrielle, how odd it would be if ever I were to meet again ^ that man I saved in the accident.' ^ They were descending in the lift how, as she asked, — ? ' You would- know him-agairi,' then 3' .1; 'Oh,' yes ; he got into the train as I did at Dover. I remember, too, that I did not like _ his face, though ? he was. certainly handsome. Here we are, ..safe at the bottom — thanks, Harford— and here is Angus waiting for us.' The collie bounded on through the open hall door, and Gabrielle wheeled the chair on to '* the terrace. Douglas drew a breath of relief ; no one' was '1 in sight from that point, : nor did any sound of ' voices reach' their ears. . ..... .. (To be CoiUinwi.} ''3 