ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. POLITICAL PERPLEXITIES. [By HUGH KALYPTCS.] Scene — The Attorney-General's Office. Members of the Ministry sitting in various attitudes, all looking very lugubrious except Downer, who is still confident as usual, and sternly firm. Newland mops his eyes with his handkerchief, and locks nervously at his chief. Howe, bronzed and sunburnt from kis bunny fide travels, wears an ill-concealed expression of anxiety, and Cockburn has a half-confident air which his attitude belies. Downer (dramatically) —Now rise,my son], superior to the boor, And hold me firmin my extremity! IVby should I yield because a city crowd Doth jell and clamour for the Parliament— By voice of Clements, and of Singer too. All demagogues, who have no stake at all ? Xetcland tynabily)—Didthey not hit it when ttey boldly said We had no poUcy to go npon, And were afraid again to meet the Honse With shoddy schemes'! Downer (indignantly)—How often, Newland, have I dropped on yon . For talking when you've not been spoken to ? Just hold jonr tongue; tott bare nought to do "With policies except what I contrive. Howe On a deep busk; voice)—I've been up North AU (interrupting}—Among the rabbit pests; We all know that; you pnt it into print. An interviewer from the daily Press Has sucked yon dry and swelled your self-esteem. Downer—Have done with banter and attend to me This is a matter we must bolily meet, Kir dire defeat is hanging over us When members meet and chew our policy. Cociimm (drily)—Like some tough steak that hath no nutriment. Howe—I've been up North The Premier (without regard for the feelings of his col leagues}—Oh! shut up, Howe— Con I comront them with so weak a team, And bear the burden of the coming ills'? No, colleagues, we must baste to reconstruct, For Bray will leave us as sure as eggs are eggs. He has his work to do with Crooks's Bank; And all his wits are needed thus to meet The troubles that have fallen thereabout. Newland (snappishlj)-Oh! he's afraid, and now is hacking out. Spenee (savagely)—There flows the venom of a little mind. I do not hold that Bray is all our strength— In fact, I think he is the weakest point; But never will I say that John backed ont Fiom bang funky of the coming strife. Howe—I've been up North— Downer—Ay, so you said. Sow, reconstruct we must, but bow to do't ? Cockburn—There's Charley Kingston, can't w take him in? Downer (In pions horror)—Nay, nay, good Cockburn, we'll have none of him. Besides he did abuse me might and main But yesternight, and swore we'd not outlive another week. Btnre—And quite correct he was. I've been up North (The Ministers all look at one another and each reads in the other's face doubt, nervousness, and an ill-concealed d>ead of coming events. Bray comes in, and all look with uncertainty npon his face, which betrays nothing.) . Drag—See now my colleagues. I must now stand ont; So much demand is tnere upon my tame, I trust that you will quickly reconstruct, And hold your heads up higher than before. (All lock very doubtful.) Take my advice and get a strong man in. (Calls the Premier aside, and whimpers the names of those who should be sacrificed.) Some must be martyrs to 1 heir country's good. (After some whispered conversation, they separate to thinfe over the situation, and Newland remarks with a chuckle, "There is at least one consolation for us—if we all go ont, our successors will only get £800 a year.") Some people say that if you give a native a shilling he-will most probably asL you for a pocket to put it in. Which Is at least true in one case. A native was recently telling a gentleman how hungry he was and received a stilling, immediately after which he said in a whining tone "please, gib me old trouser. this one got no pocket and me very cold, 5 ' An old pair of pants were given him with the query—would he like anything else ? Native —"Yes, me wantum old shirt, coat, and weskit." These were given him, thinking he would then be happy; but he immediately asked for some tobacco. He then started off but soon returned, asking for a pipe and lucifers. He did not require a hat as he had two on his head at the time. A young gentleman not long in the colony, who wears spectacles, recently went on to a sheep station to gun colonial experience (or try to). He talked much of his spins after the hounds in the old country, so it was thought he was a good horseman. He had to go out mustering shortly after his arrival, or the morning of which day he made his appearance decked out in leggings, long spurs, and bran new slouch hat, and evidently thought himself the very essence of a boshman. The horses were all ready, but when the new chum mounted his steed he had forgotten to unfasten the bridle from the post to which he had tied him. The Manager noticeing this fact called to him to come on, but the poor horse could not come. The roar of laughter which came like a volley from the old bnshmen can be better imagined than described. N.C. could not stand the roasting he got ever after this and left in disgust. He was not cut out for the buBh. He was an impecunious man, and had been np on an unsatisfied j udgment. The plaintiff demanded payment of his claim at the rate of 5s. a week. " Five shillings a week!" qnoth the debtor aghast, "why, I dont earn that." "But you are in work." "Oh yes, I am in work." "You don't work for nothing, I suppose." "Well, next to nothing; I get my tucker." Here the Court broke in, "Ordered to pay 63. a week—first payment forthwith." He owed £4. Oh! creditor, have patience; that 6d. a week will be paid off in time. It is not like the midshipman's allowance—" a farthing a year paid quarterly." A native was employed recently to chop a pile of wood. A price-was agreed on, and on the evening of the second day Jimmy reported that he had finished the job and wanted his money. His employer naturally went- to - see how he had done it, when, to his surprise, he found that Jimmy had hidden some of the largest and toughest logs in the pile without cutting them. "Hallo! Jimmy," he ex claimed, "you have been doing some scanpisg; pull down that pile and cut these logs." Jimmy—" First time you pay me to pull 'em down pile, then I chop 'em." Hugh Kalyptna remarks: — Raiser Wilhelm says as to his health that the only thing he has to complain of is his great age. Well, that is a trouble he has found growing npon him as it were for the last eighty fdd. years. Yi-u Vae oldt, Kaiser Wilhelm, der newsbaber said, Ber few locks dot vas left yon vas grey; But dere's youthfuluess still in der brains of yonr head, Cnd yon baf still got some yoaks for to say. Yon vas oldt, Kaiser Wilhelm. nut gathering age, Und your step is not light as it vas. But you sdill holdt a blace on bolidigal Edage To aspeferj day "vas is das?'' Yon are oldt, Kaiser Wilhelm, mit blenty of years, But you didnt vas gife oot> der ghost; You vas manly, old Kaiser, mitont any fear?, Und yon sdill vas now ruling der roost. Yon vas oldt, Kaiser wuhaim, but don't vou mind dot. Ye vas all getting oldt py-and-py; Und ve efeiy one must go zome dime to pot, Ven der Angel of Death been come nigh. Ycu vas oldt, Kaiser Wilhelm, but vot is der yoos Of living all dimes on dis earth ? You vas go. Kaiser Wilhelm, mit sbirit let loose. To anoder and more better berth. You vas oldt, Kaiser Wilhelm, wohl! dot vos so goot: You hat lived here blenty of dimes, Cnd new you vas going mit honour and yeaTS To reign in more betterish climes. You vas oldt, Kaiser Wilhelm, and Bismarck vas too, Und ven they vas call yon avay fchoost 8sg for a blace in'der sky himmel blue • For der Bismarck, und get him to stay. SPECIMENS OF SILVER —Mr. Reynolds, of the Tavistock Hotel, Rundle-street, has on view a small case of specimens from Silverton, which were recently brought down by the gentlemen who owns them. The collection comprises samples of silver-bearing sobstances from twenty of the mines in the district. All descriptions of ore are represented, and there are some Budgets of native silver. Several buttons, varying in weight from about 2 oz. to a pound of smelted metal, and three polished bars, are arranged in the centre of the collection. PATAWALONGA IMPROVEMENT.—The Ensineer-in- Chief, who visited and inspected the Patawalonga works on April 3, has forwarded his report to the Glenelg Corpora tion. He esrireBeea the opinion that although the work of filling in was not literally in accordance with the specification, it was perfectly right according to the spirit of the original intention. On the whole the material used was satisfactory. In one place, however, the south-west corner of the work, more seaweed was mixed with the silt than was advisable, and Mr. Mais suggested that this should be moved back and replaced by better material. Cool request.—"O—er—Jarris—would you mind pretending to pick a quarrel with me, and just filing me a push, yon know! I want to test the plnek of this big dog of mine." 