36oy0’|Cc>Imij§ 1 EXKRIMENTf j .• Frv- If i CHEMISTB^iREWRKS, &G.; ; (As there is sofa dangc. tricks of this kiiuLthcy shoit •with extreme cantin',.and he attempted by tty youngi enced persons.) | 'performing Ibe managed I no account hd inexperi 1.—TO OBTAIHi'inB Flilit WATER. Throw a small fhantity of potassium on the surface of a lift: water ih a basin. Im mediately a rose-colared fhijie will be pro duced. Any cheiii: will supply the qnan tuy ior several or uese experiments ior » very small sum. V 2.—TO GIVE 4;>AKTT A GHASTLY AP1I1AUANCE, Take half a pint of spirits, and, having warmed it, put a b’a'dful of salt with it into .a basin; then setfit on fire, and it will have the effect of mating every person look hidcons. This feat must be performed in a 3.—THE; FI EE ANO'WINE BOTTLE. tube nearly as j the neck to the bottom 'ofSthe bottom of which there must he a hole of a size to cor* respond with it; Between the tube and the neck of the bottle. let there be sufficient space to allow you "to pour in come wine, which, will remain in the bottle'outside the tube, Begin the trick by pouring a glass of wine out of the bottle, through which a con federate will thrust a burning fuzee into the tube, so that, at your command, fire is emitted from the mouth of the bottle. As soon as the fire is extinguished,or withdrawn, yon can take up your bottle again, and pour out more wine. 4.—THE FIERY FLASH Let a quantity of minute iron filings drop upon the flame of a candle from a sheet of paper about eight or ten inches above it; as they desend into the flame, they will enter into a vivid and sparkling combustion. 5.—TO BOIL A LIQUID WITHOUT FIRE. Put into a thin phial two parts of oil of vitriol and one part of water; by stirring them well together, the mixture instantly becomes hot, and acquires a temperature above that of boiling water. fi.—TO PROCURE HYDROGEN GAS. Provide a phial with a cork stopper, through which is thrust a piece of tobacco pipe. Into the phial put a few pieces of zinc, or small iron nails; on this pour a mix ture of equal parts of sulphuric aciil (oil of vitriol) and water, previously mixed in a tea cup to prevent accidents. Replace the cork stopper with the piece of tobacco-pipe in it; the hydrogen gfts will then be liberated through the pipe in a small stream. Apply the flame of a candle or taper to this stream, and it will immediately take fire, and burn with a clear flame until all the hydrogen in the phial be exhausted. In this experi ment the zinc or iron,-by the action of the acid is dissolved,thus taking the oxygen from the sulphuric acid and water; the hydrogen (the other.constituent part of the water) is thereby liberated and ascends. 7.—TO COPY WRITING WITH A FLAT-IRON. Mix a little sugar in the ink which is used for: the, writing. Lay a sheet of unsized paper ([that, is, soft white paper) damped passing lightly over it a flat-iron, moderately heated, a copy may be easily taken. . 8.—?0 MAKE FRINGE APPEAR ABOUT THE FLAME OF A CANDLE. Procure two pieces of plate-glass, moisten twe of their sides with water, put them to gether; and look .through them at the candle, when you will see the flame surrounded by beautifully coloured fringes. This is the effect of moisture intermixed with portions of air, and presents an appearance similar to 9.—TO PRODUCE INSTANTANEOUS LIGHT UPON ICE. Throw npon ice a small piece of potassium, and it will burnt into a bright flame. 10.—TO MAKE PAPER FIREPROOF To .accomplish this, dip a sheet of paper in a strong solntion of allnrn water,and when dry repeat the process two or three times. When it 1b thoroughly dried, you may put it in the flame of a candle and it will not 11.—TO MELT LEAD IN PAPER. Procure a very smooth ball of lead and and wrap it up in a piece of paper, taking care that there be no wrinkles in it, and that it be everywhere in contact with.- the ball. Hold it in this state over the flames of a taper, and the lead will be melted without t ie p.ipir o-nng burnt. The lead, when ones fused, will in a short time pierce the paper, and, of course, run through. 12.—TO MELT STEEL AS EASILY AS LEAD. With a pair of tongs and pincers hold a piece of steel in the fire till it is red hot, then touch it with a stick of brimstone, when the contact will cause the steel to melt and drop like a liquid. 13—A LIGHT THAT BUBNS FOR A ' YEAR. Put a stick of phosphorus into a large dry rial, not corked, and it will give a light ifficient to distinguish any object in the 10m when placed.close to it. If the phial 2 kept in a cool place, where there is no reat current of air, its luminous appearance ill be retained for several months. I—FLAME EXTINGUISHED BY GAS. Place a -lighted candle in a-jar, and let rbonic gas be potutd npon. it from another •. In a few secomfa the flame will be ex igiiished, though the eye is incapable of serving that anrihing is being poured 15.—THE TOBA Take of saltpetre rtar one ounce, sul cm to powder sepa gether. Put a graii id,when it is lightei a musket, without itting as much as m! small piece of pape, emendods reports w [O-PIPE CANNON. >ne ounce, cream of mr one ounce; heat; ;ely, then mix them; ito a pipe of tobacco,, will give the report, [eaking the pipe. By lie on your nail in. and setting fire.to it,, be tie result. 16.-^PRINCE RUPIlT’S DETONATING GLASsfOMHS. These may be m® in the - following,* manner:—Drop some i all p tees of common: green glass, while red ot, i to cold water,,: when they will asspm i tear like form, The; spherical portion' will! ear v ijr rough treat ment, but the instant the s tallest part of the tail be broken of the 'fiolc flies into* countless', fragments; Many experiments! be performed, with th e curips drops,-bnfc being attended with jdangef are omitted . 17.—TO WASH -1 lE HAJoS IN MOLTEI Take one onnee of q LEAI icksilv& wo ounces: of good bole-ammoni*, half gt ounce of; camphor, ,and two ounis of nfllfitse; mix. them together, and putlthem lit a brazen' mortar, beating them ylth.a wie. Bnb thehands all.over witt) the. olgent, and they may be put into molten lnjPyith im« punity; the metal being pouted upon them will neither hhrn nor scald. ■; ? • - .v IS.—TO WALK ON A HOT-IRON BAB. Take half an ounce oE camphor, dissolve it in two ounces oE aqua-vitae ; add to it one ounce df quicksilver and one ounce oE liquid stornx (which is the droppings o£ myrrh, and prevents the camphor from firinsl. Take also two ounces o£ hematis (that is, red stone,—may bediad at tho dru - gist’s), and beat it to a powder. Add this to the ingredients already speoified; and pre i vious to performing the feat anoint your feet 1 well with it, and you may then walk on red hot iron without the slightest danger. 19 —TO MAKE WATER FREEZE BY THE FIRESIDE. . The curious feat can only Ije performed in winter. Put a quart pot upon a stool before the fire, throwing a little water upon the stool first. Then put a handful of snow into the pot, and privately convey V11® 'Ll t or handful of salt. Stir it about for eight or nine minutes with a short stick, and the con gelation will be effected 20.—TO MARE ARTIFICIAL FIRE BALLS Put thirty grains of phosphorus into a Florence flask, with three or four ounces oE water. Place the vessel over a lamp, ana give it a boiling heat. Balls of fire vnllsoon be seen to issue from the water, after the manner of an artificial firework, attended with the most beautiful coruscations. QUAKE AND'VoESaxo. Mix equal parts of pounded sulphur and I iron tilings, and haring formed tne whole : into a paste'with water, bnry a certain quan tity of it (forty or fifty pounds, for example) at about the depth of a foot below the sur- ; face of the earth. In ten or twelve hours after, if the weather be warm, the earth will swell and burst, and throw up flame, which will enlarge the aperture, scattering around a yellow and blackish dust. 22.—TO PRODUCE FIRE FROM CANE. The Chinese rattans, which are used when split.for making cane chairs, will, when dry, if struck against each other, give fire ; and are used accordingly in some places in lieu of flint and steel. 23.—TO SOFTEN IRON OR STEEL. Either of the following simple methods [ will make iron or steel as soft os lead 1\. Take a little clay, cover your iron with it, temper it in a charcoal fire. 2\. When the iron or steel is red hot strew hellebore on it. 3\. Quench the iron or steel in the juice or water, of common beans. 24—TO FILL WITH SMOKE TWO APPA RENTLY EMPTY DOTTLES. Rinse out one bottle with hartshorn, and another bottle with spirits of salt; next bring the bottles together month to mouth ; both will at once be pervaded with white vapors. The vapors in question are com posed of sal ammoniac—a solid body gene rated by the union of two invisible gases. 25—TO MAKE LUMINOUS WRITING IN THE DARK. Fix a small piece of solid phosphorus in a quill, and write with it upon paper ; if the paper be then placed in a dark room, the writing,will appear beautifully luminous. 26—TO MAKE.RED FIRE. The beautiful red fire; which is used in the theatres is composed of^thc following ingre dients.—Forty parts of dry nitrate of stron tian, thirteen parts of finely powdered sul phur, five parts of chlorate of potash, and four parts of sulphuret of antimony. 27.—TO MAKE GREEN FIRE. .Flour of sulphur thirteen.parts.nitrnto of "Baryta sevcnty-s"cveri,' oxymuriate of poriSSStA' five, metallic’arsenic two, charcoal three— the nitrate of baryta should be well dried' and powdered. . 26.—To Make Wine or Brandy Float on Water. To perform this seeming impossibility,take a tumbler half full of water, and placing a piece of thin muslin over the top of the same, gently strain the brandy or wine through the muslin, and it will remain on the top of the water. 29.—To Make Beautiful Transparent Coloked Water. The following liquors, which are colored, being mixed, produce colors very different from their own. The yellow tincture of saf fron and the red tincture, of roses, when mixed, produce a green. Blue tincture of violets and. brown spirit of sulphur produce a crimson. Red tincture of rose3 and brown spirits of hartshorn make a blue. . Blue tinc ture of violets and ’ blue solution of copper give a violet color. Blue tincture of cyanus and blqe spirit sal ammoniac, colored, make green. ;|Blue solution of Hungarian vitriol and brown lye of potash make yellow. Blue solution of Hungarian vitriol and fed tinc ture of roses make black. Blue tincture of cyanus'and green solution of copper produce 30.—To Suspend a Ring by a Thread, after the Thread has been Burnt. Soak a piece thread in common salt water. Tie it to a ring, not larger than a wedding ring. When you apply the flame of a candle to it, it will bum to ashes, but yet sustain the ring. 31.—The Mac«c Illuminator. A vessel containing a certain white powder is placed upon the table, when the operator advances, waving his wand and uttering some magic words coined by himself, when, lo I of a sadden the room is lighted up with a brilliant light, so effulgent that it dims the eyes of the spectators I The powder is com posed of equal weights of loaf sugar-and chlorate of potash, separately reduced to fine powder, 'and then well mixed together. Place the mixture in a cup, and when the powder is touched with the -least drop of ouipnuric aeia it will instantly burst into a flame. The end of the brass rod should be dipped in the acid immediately before use. 32.—To Make a Brilliant Light from Steel. Pour into a watch-glass a little sulphuret of carbon, and light it; hold in the flame a brush of steel wire, and it will burn beauti fully. A watch-spring may also be burnt 33.—Chemical Effect of Light. Wash a piece of paper in a weak solution of salt and water ; dry, and then wash it with a strong solution of nitrate of silver; dry it in the dark, and, when dry, expose it to the sun’s light; though colorless before, it will now soon become black. A picture may be made by placing a dried plant, a bit of lace, &c.;, upon the paper previous to its exposure to light. 34.—To Put Three Liquids in a Glass and Drink Either Without Disturb ing the Others. Make a strong syrup .of white sugar and water, put it about a thinl up in a tall glass, then pour in carefully some milk', which will float on the syrup; then on the top of the -milk put some port-wine, which .will float on j the milk. Now yon may undertake,to drink either of the lower liquids without disturb | ing the wine, by taking a straw and. putting ; it carefully into, cither the milk or sugar, and pucking it up through. . ■ > 36.—Fountain ofFirb. ' .Add gradually one onnee of. sulphuric acid to, six ounces.of water, in an earthen .basin. The-n add three-quarters of an ounce ol gnu -iulated zinc, ,with a few pieces of pirns plidrus the size of a ■ '' a. Gas bubbles will i be immediately produced,, which take fire on.j the surface of the effervescing liquid, ana • the whole surface of the liquid will directly , become illuminated; fire-balls and jets of fire will dart from the bottom through the fluid with great Tapidity. 36.—The Piiulof the Foub ELEMENTS. Take a phial, six or seven inches.long, and about three-quarters of an inch in diameter Into this phial put, first, glass coarsely pow. dered j secondly, oil of tattar per deliqmnm; thirdly, tincture of sajt of tartar; and lastly, distilled rock oil. The glass and the various liquors being of i different densities, if you shako tbe phial, j and then let it rest a few moments, the three liquors will entirely separate, and each as sume its place ; thus forming no indifferent resemblance of the four elements, earth, fire, water, and air; the powdered glass (which should be of some .dark color) representing the earth ; the oil of tartar, water; the tincture, air; and the rock oil, fire. 37.—Flashes op Fire from Water. Pour a little clear water into a small glass tumbler, and put one or two small , pieces of phosphuret of lime into it. In a Bhort time flashes of fire will dart from the surface of the water, and terminate in ringlets oi : smoke, rising in regular succession. \--— 38._To Make the Hands and-Jd ace | Luminous. I ir>uirii-p»oc-«j>f_nhnanhQtu8,=aI>«nt_thD._|ize. I o£ a pea, into an ounce or so o£ ether. After 1 a time, portions of the phosphorus .will dis solve, and if the hands and face be rubbed with this solution, which is perfectly harm less, the operator will seem on fire, and in i the dark would pass for a respectable ghost. 39.—To Place a Tea-Kettlefui. of Boimno Water upon the Naked Hand Without Injury. Whilst a tea-kettle is boiling upon the fire and for a few seconds after its removal, a layer of steam exists between the bottom of the tea-kettle and the water which it con tains. Now, the layer of steam in question is a bad conductor of heat; ■ wherefore the tea-kettle maybe taken direct from the fire and laid flat upon the hand without giving rise to any disagreeable perception of heat. I have heard the success of this experiment attributed to a disposition of soot upon the outside of the tea-kettle. This is an error: a perfectly clean tea-kettle, heated over a charcoal fire, which deposits no soot, may be handled as described above.__ 