t if jus or fzeius. Foreign Intelligence. — The cable having been snccessfolly repaired, we are in a position this morning to place a great deal f foreign intelligence before -our readers. T)ne of the most important items is that the Great Powers, althongh they declare that no State, Russia being meant, will venture upon a military occnpationof Bulgaria, hutacahle- gram previously received Slows that Ger many will not be the one to say nay should Rnssia attempt it, .being evidently anxious to prevent a Franco-Russian alliance against laUI'l) IBnr Cfmilni- '+/» +bof elloirn bnnn been formed against Great Britain. Not withstanding the opposition of the Irish members, a tinpjdy Bill has been passed in the House of Commons. Cholera. lias broken oat amongst the British troops inBnrmah, which was thodght to have been so easily conqneredand pacified In the first inrtance. Greatrioting lias occurred in Gslway, dnring which the police felt compelled to .charge with the bayonet, and at least oue fatality is reported. The debate on Mr. PaxntiL's land Bill was erpetigri to take, place last night. These are a few of the tained in the latest cablegrams, but none possess more interest for oolonlsts than that announcing the very satisfactory wtote of the London wool market. The Ghampion Sculling Match. — Hienutchiortiie fAiwitiitwiBiirn between BeactheNewSmrfhWW and Gsa- danr, "the American, whitii was rowed on the ffbames on Saturday, -would appear to have been one of tiie greatest stareglesifor snprranacy over fought ont on thniellBtnn- in tQandanrhe wmiM imp' fhhes worthy foeman. G.i 'i i oi yis i? i was, like "rtpnlon often did, fooling with his opponent, but when he ceased rowing on a second occasion and allowed Gandanr not only to nnteh him, but assnme a lead of a lerrnth, it became evidmt he was mnch di" tressed, and the hearts of those who had supported him must have - gone " t-a-pat. Shortly after he would appear to have re covered, and making herculean efforts, suc ceed edin rowing Gaudanr down, and bat ing him by three clear lengths. The excite ment is said to have been intense, and we can folly believe it. Hanlan is repented to have for England, doubtless with the intention of inducing Beach to row against him on the Thames, but of this there islittle pro bability. Beach would, have been glad to meet h"Imi in tile nrst Ills Lance, out w". latter fought shy, and the champion has stated that if hie old opponent wishes to row him again, he must take his chance on the placid waters of the Parramatta. Seeing that Gandanr beat TTanlan and Beach has beaten Gandanr, we should think Hanlan would now stand but a poor show against our Australian champion, who is looked upon by itwg-Gafi critics as a phenomenal oarsman, the superior of any man who has " feathered a scull" since the days of fien- forth. But perhaps Hanlan may not have been in kis best form wiiea hfl competed against Gaudanr. On Saturday next. Beach is to meet Wallace Ross who, judging by performances, ongbt not to have a ghost of a show with him. After this, he wiR return to Angfoalia, and should Hanlan follow him and a mutch is arranged, it will create even more in Australia than when the Sydney man first met the then unbeaten Canadian. TTnvpnu.v McBSEB AND SUICIDE- — Our telegram from Melbourne contains the particulars of a horrible murder and suicide which was enacted yesterday afternoon at Holder's Oyster Shop, in Elisabeth Street. A man named Williams deliberately cut his wife's throat in the presence of her mother, and then put an end to his own existence in a similar manner. The Western Agriculturist. — There was bo large a demand for the Spec tator on Saturday that notwithstanding we ni-tn+Aui bario hnnfirvM? nf pi I.I'D, sumipfi. Otir supply ran short. In order to accommodate those of our subscribers who roe ^disap pointed, we arc printing a supplementary edition of the Western Agricsuunst, to be , published on Thursday, which will confaus full reports of the Show, the Show Dinner, the Fancy Dress Ball, Show Notes, and a mass of other interesting news. For these extra copies orders mnst be left at this office as soon as possible, or disappointment may again be "the result. &e; TUolway EsxEysiox Between Penshukst and Hamilton. — Our Penshurst correspondent writes : — " Upon reading the leading article in your issue of Thursday last, 16th inst., I made it my business to en quire of a rehaJble authority as to the correct ness, or otherwise, -of the assertion made at the recent meeting of the Villi ers' Bail way League, 'that six mileg of the above line had already been surveyed by the snrreyors at present engaged, in making the survey of the Drtnkeld anaXoroitline,' and have ascer tained that the assertion in question is only partially correct, inasmuch as the opera tions of the surveyors, as far as the Hamil ton line is concerned, have been confined solely to selecting the most suitable rite for the junction of the two lines of railway, as scheduled in The Bail ways Construction Act,' at Penshurst. It will be readily under stood that the tact that Penshurst is in tended to be tbe junction of two separate lines of railway, could not be overlooked by the surveyors when deciding npon the route to be adopted, and, I am given to under stand, that the wort performed will tend to greatly facilitate the survey of the Hamilton line hereafter. From the remarks made at the meeting of the Yilliers Railway League, it would be inferred that the surveyors had been engaged in "w>fag a direct survey of the Penshurst and Hamilton connection, but you will see that such is not the case, the object having been to decide upon the most suitable route for the convergence of the two lines at PetuiwrsL. The operations of the survey party, as far as the TTamtltnn line is concerned, have not as yet extended beyond the Herrn Hntli estate, distant some four miles only from Penshurst. Had it been understood that a survey of the Penshurst and Hamilton line, pure and simple, was bring proceeded with, I should most cer tainly have advised you ere this, or have re ferred to the ma jtpr in ipy .nfwslritena :l . — ' Tamjahentakt. — The Justices of the Peace Consolidation Amendment BlU is to form the first order of tbe day in the Legislative Council this afternoon, and in the Assembly the Government hope tbe Irrigation Bill will be disposed of. To morrow the Minister of Railways will ask the House to endorse the estimate of £1,300,000 for railway construction, and thereby dispose of the subject of the great excess of the cost of some of the lines already contracted for over thedepartmeatal estimate. Mr. Patterson has an amendment before the Chair, to the effect that the esti mate be not approved of wrteil & more satis factory explanation is dm of the cause of the discrepancy between the estimates and the actual cost. The Late Mb A Robertson. — We have already announced that probate in the will of the late Mr. A. Robertson, of Denholm Green, has been granted. To this it may be added that, leaving uo relations except his -widow, the deceased, gentleman sonshtto do soodtoilie Preshv-teri a n P.h n rr-b of which for many years he -was so faith fnl an adherent. With this object in view, he left £1000, to be immediately paid, for the endowment of the stipend fond in connec tion with the Coleraine Presbyterian Church, and directed that the balance of his fortune should, on the demise of his widow, be handed over to the trustees of the Widows and Orphans' Fund of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria, and the Aged and Infirm Ministers' Fund of ihesame church. The Dynamite Party. — An Argus cablegram states : — " Serious diwipnrinnc have broken out in the Irish party in the United States. It is alleged that the funds intended for carrying ont a dynamite policy have been applied to other purposes." This is jnst what we have Tall along predicted would occur, it bring very evident that the immense sums collected were not bring ex pended as intended by the dyriamiiards. It is to be hoped that not only is toe allega tion tme, but that no more money willbe entrusted to toe custody of ODonovan Bossannd others of toe same species. - Honor to Whom it is Due.— In Blinding last-week to the high standard at tained by our local displays of long- vroolled sheep, we gave toe credit of file origi- nal special prize, giveiiin this class,tn Messrs, HxUear, Rutledge and T. Skene. Ihthiswe erred. The praise should have been awarded to the late Mr. John HTCellar and Mr. Thomas Skene, who introduced the system by riving money prizes. It was in toe suc ceeding year that high dare long wool rams were offered by the three gentlemen named, and these will feel folly -repaid if some of those whose flocks they have been -so suc cessful in assisting to improve, will further extend toe system by offering superior rams for competition by those .who have been less fortunase than themselves. Wefedsnre we have only to mention this to secure toe em>- portofour now celebrated local breeders of Lincoln sheqi. Frozen Sheep— Notwithstanding +1A IMII.MM. _C aL. : i «l.. . . r IM. IG ungm&i; exozen JAeat Company, the exportation of frozen meat sffll goes on merrily. This keeping the people of England m mind of the foct toat good, wholesome, cheap mutton can be obtained from the antipodes cannot have any hut a good result, and we may confidently look forward to toe tone when, instead -of a toon- sand or two carcases, vessels will be char tered ito;take home 'tens of thousands. In one consignment .the graziers of Falkland ldands recently sent to Great Britain more than sufficient sheep to Stock an extenrive station, and Victoria will yet be able to do toe same. Tie R-M.f5. "Iberia" on her present trip takes 2088 sheep from the Mel bonrne Refrigerating and Agency Company, on account of Mr. :C. C. Finlsy GLenonnis- ton), MresraMamfoia (Pnxmmbete), and Messrs. D. MWUbams and Sons ; also 2059 sheep from Sydney. More would probably have been sent from Victoria hot for tbe I high rates atprayrijt rfllfog. -, , . . i . Meteorological. — . The able heat of toe days iiiflmmatal ppeeronoe Shlonl&aSonvJwSS;! ' \--C.: . Stealing Seer in Transit. — Mr, A. T. Campbell, toe well-knawn wine and spirit merchant, complains with a consider able amonnt of cause, of toe annoyance and he has been put to through the systematic pilfering of lager beer of which he has lately been the victim. It appears that toe heer in question was consumed while in transit from Melbourne, toe modus operands, bring as fellows. The beer is pylred fo cases, each case containing four dozen bottles; toe bottom of the case is carefully removed, a certain number of the i bottles abstracted from their straw enve lopes, the beads knocked off and the con tents drank; the empty bottles are then returned ho their -eaveSopeB and toe bottom of toe case nailed on again. In one case Mr. Campbell found nine battles emptied, in another of six dozen small battles no less than thirteen had been abstracted, and in a third case there were about twelve bottles short. As toe beer in question was forwarded from Melbonrne - 1 Port land, and thence by rail care of Messrs. Per- mewan and Co., it is evident the pilfering most take place either in the steamer cr dnring toe journey by raO from Portland. Snch wholesale depredations as these re quire to be sternly repressed, and now that the matter has been made public it is to be hoped that both the railway and tbe steamer authorities wfll take steps to pre vent a repetition of such mean and petty pilfering. London Wool Bales. — Under date London, 15tli Sept., the New Zealand Loan and Agency Company cable : — " The compe tition is increasing, and quotations ire on toe average Id better than at the opening of the sales. The American demand has fallen off" The Australian Mortgage and Agency Company, Limited, report having received the following 'telegram from their London agents, Messrs. Leishman, Ingles end Co., respecting toe wool sales now in progress there: — "Prices are decidedly better than toe opening quotations of this scries.' Merers. Sadgety and Company, Limited, have received the following telegram from their London firm, dated toe 16th inst. : — " Since our advices of 9to inst. prices show a rise of Id for bulk of wools." The Sidney Derby was run on the Rand wick Course on Saturday, and Renters Agency is to be congratulated on the celerity wSh which telegrams announcing all the re sults of that important meeting were de spatched. That of toe Derby was posted np at our office at 3.26 p.m., the race having been announced to start at Randwick at 3 p.m, .Although Sydney time is somewhat foster than ours, this cannot bat be looked upon as good work. Telegraphing about Trident, toe winner of the Derby, the special reporter of toe Argus says : — " Of course the favourite, Trident, attracted toe lion's share of attention, and as he walked about as quietly as his sire, Robinson Crusoe, when he was on toe turf, his friends regarded this as a favourable omen. The edit has improved since he last ran as a two-year-old, having lost some of that leggy appearance which many good judges took exceptionto last year. Mr. Fennelly had strung him np pretty well to concert pitch, every muscle in his body bring well developed. The same may be said of Blairgowrie, who had a numerous body of friends ; but Kingfigh, toe best looking colt, perhaps, of the lot, struck me as susceptible of Eome improvement. So did Kingsgrove, bat » was as well as it was possible to make him. -Trident's supporters were so confident of victory that they laid 7 to 4 and 2 to 1 on him, Blairgowrie being the only other backed for money. The race is easily told, for Acme fulfilled her mission as peacemaker admirably, cutting ont the work in such style that Kingsgrove was soon out of it. The filly was billowed by Trident to tiie home torn, where toe latter took the in side position, and, coming away at every stride, he won jnst in a similar style to Me teor at Hawkesbtuy, a keen struggle be tween Blairgowrie and Kingfisb ending in favour of the former. The Hon. James White has to's won his third successive A J-C- Derby, and it is needless to say he came in for congratulations from all sides while toe colt was bring invested with the blue riband. The time was toe fastest on record, and was quite correct, as every time taken of note corroborated toe official record, which was toe best ever made for a Derby in Australia. So elated were some of toe colt's admirers, that one infatuated backer, on the first blush of victory, accepted 300 to 30 that he won bTM'D Mesfcre, of Shoalhaven, Is a chesmxt colt, standing about 15.2£, and though not so compact and well ribbed as bis brother Na vigator, be has splendid shoulders, strong muscular quarters, and good set legs. In preparing him, Mr. Fennelly deemed it advisable to protect his fore feet with bar shoes.7 A Strange Act. — On Sunday night, between eleven and twelve o'clock, a «mn who gave the muse of IViliiaTip Minogne, was arrested within the walls of the prison at Melbonrne. He had actually broken into the gaol, with what intention is not known. He had no supply of tobacco with him, or its introduction to the a< & luxury for one or mere of the prisoners would ex plain his intention. Again In Harness. — It will be ob served by an advertisement that Mr. T. D. Gregory, who gained much popularity as host of the Western Hotel at Balmoral, has again resumed that occupation, having become the lessee of a handsome hotel at Ascot Vale. 