THE A.G. TO THE C.S. Dear Jade—I hope things have been going on all light since I left. I have had a pretty good time, bat a deal of anxiety lest that •confounded little man in the big hat should pat his foot .in it. He really is a terrible worry [to me, and when he is not holding "on to my coat • tails I never can feel that he is safe. How has Howe—that's a little touch of apt alliteration's artful aid—getting on? oastasate as -ever- I *uf5x»e, .going boll-headed into tilings, and hard to tn^asiaJteaincaron. a straight line. What ia IboHrow about the batchers—I see the Hepisttr has teen going in hot and fetrtmgas uatraL It was rather a .nasty jar for me, that leaded almt'-inr \- symmetrical styleof bungling—it ^ was rpwfat the -Club, and you know feome 61 the &alows;' Wer here *re jealous of my being ast&fceSman; «—they capnot m&ke-Hihe; article over ~4tere —and th^chaffediteaa muckWtheydared. knew •very welletftne *>{.^oit=fello wswould «m^Sngahashof filing bat «s I «haH BHinJtelSibfc ;IdareBayI—noH -win get thiogs straight again. I eome : extent enjoyed jnyself—#09 <3ui(pte -voiuptae-^bvt ypq oan have no Idea iitfw the vision ttf- NewlttidTtike'the death's head at the feast of Bsnquo's ghost, haunted me amidst my so-called relaxation. I have seen something since I have been in Melbourne, and have altered some of my notions —tempore, mutantur, et nos mutamur in Mis. For goodness sake give Newland something to play with to occupy "him and prevent his getting us deeper into the sure. I ought to have brought him over with me to Melbourne •out of the way of mischief. You might keiep him on the retrenchment racket for a little while longer. It is comparatively harmless, because he can only injure •a few insignificant clerks, and the public think it is saving money. They wonld think it waB mm Mi, sed patriae for a time at least, were it not that the confounded newspapers are continually putting oar doings in a less snselfish light and make oat that it is for ourselves and not oar country that we are acting; I have been thinking whether it would not look patriotic and 'generous if we all agreed to forego half a year's Ministerial pay each, only X know some of us could not do it gracefully, and Howe would call it Quixotic. Besides, we get so roundly abased on all sides that I am afraid it would be a reductio ad absurdam sort of thing. We should have no consideration for the abase. I see Cockburn and Parsons are before the public. I think we ought to give Parsons a rap on the knuckles for his implied censure upon us his masters. However, I will make things show a better case when I get back. -nJ.D. THE C.S. TO THE A.G. My Dear John.—You need not worry your self—go on with your little amusements, enjoy yourself while yon may. I am keeping things in trim. It is quite unnecessary for you to trouble yourself to return at an early date. I can manage well enough without yon. AB to the bungling yon speak of, your presence or absence would not have made the slightest difference one way or the other. It is only the Register's way of patting things. However, perhaps you had better not stay away too long, because many a good man has lost his billet by letting hts employers think they could do without Mm —the public might raise the question of retrenchment, and suggest amalgamating some of the Ministerial offices. We don't need yon, bat come back if yoa like.—J. B. Hugh Kalyptus says:—" There are two festivals or annual observances that I should like to see consigned to the limbo of discarded customs. They are St. Valentine's Day and Gay Fawkes's Day. The first was not without its redeeming points, because it afforded an opportunity for the interchange of pleasant reminders between relations and friends, bat it also enabled the spiteful and the vicious to insult with impunity persons they felt a petty grudge against, and I am sorry to say that shopkeepers, ay ! those in a large way of business too, gave their assistance to this contemptible practice by importing largely and displaying n their windows picture valentines vn gar in the extreme and Insulting to a degree. "Verses, the vilest doggerel, and expressing "vulgar ideas, always accompanied this wretched production of a degraded draftsman—artist it could not be. Happily the pretty an d tasteful custom of sending New Year and Christmas cards—which are each year becoming more beautiful and eminently artistic in design and execution—has very nearly driven St. Valentine out of the running. Now, I have nothing to say against St. Vaientime himself, he is a respectable, nice old party, no doubt dead now—very much so, I believe; but the degenerate custom associated with his name is better honoured in the breach than in the observance. As for Guy Fawkes, the sooner we are relieved from the infliction of having a crowd of dirty boys carrying a no less dirty and ill-clad effigy of the conspirator, waking us up in the early morning each 5th of November with the fable—" Remember, remember, the Fifth of November, gunpowder treason and plot; I don't see no reason why gunpowder treason shouldeverbeforgot; hip, hip, hooray"—the better. This also is a practice more honoured in the breach than the observance, and I should like to see some of those wretched young scamps, who parade the guy and risk oar property with their bonfires, more honoured in the breech too. Gay Fawkes Has been amply revenged for the playful way our ancestors treated him in James the First's after they found him oat in his little game; he has left a legacy of tortures which has lasted even to Victoria's latter days, sod may run into another reign. How Gaido mast chuckle when he becomes a materialized spirit through some medium occasionally, and thinks how many nineteenth- century citizens grind their teeth and squirm as his effigy goeB by. Ugh, it is worse than having a neighbour learning to play the cornet. There lis a good deal of muscular Christianity about the Salvation Army. Some of its members at least seem to be well able to give any sarcastic scribbler a Roland for his Oliver; as witness the vigorous defence of the Army's operations at Murray Bridge by one of its officers, against a pen and ink potting, by "A Sinner." The Army was promised the sinews of war if it wonld send succour to sinners in the vicinity of the Murray Bridge; but the congregations clang to their threepenny pieces it appears and the Army's contingent had to ruse the «eg? and retreat, and bring their barracks with Idem The Murray Bridgeitea have their own nar row-necked pockets to blame if the statements in the Army officers' reports are correct. It is all very well to invite troops to keep an enemy at a distance bat the beleaguered garrison most remember that even the Salva tion Army cannot carry on its operations without some of that dross for which men sacrifice so much. It is almost as bad in town. People who cannot spare threepence for collection, spend a shilling—ay! even three or four—over the circus. 