F THE CONTRIBUTOR. NOTES NOW AND THEN. _ Br 7. 21 among the mormons. Melbourne is a port at which many argosies ire unladen. In things temporal we gather all lie riches of the old and of jthe new worlds, md the spiritual world sends us also its high •st products. But I regret to say that'' rubbish s shot here" also, and yon can find it in the 'shoddy" cloth which competes with onr yoolleu manufactures, and the "shoddy" ■eligions or no religions which vex the souls >{ the righteous. The thirst for shoddycloth ■s soon assuaged, 'and is punished in this prorld by trousers which will not permit you Ko bend the knee or hy coats which rend ■when you lift your arm. but the longing for ■"shoddy" belief or nnbelief is like the Slaughter of the horse leech, whose continual :ry was "give, give." The belief that the ige of miracles is past is prevalent* but in _he face of the growth of Mormomsm it must Ke considerably shaken. It was thought to Pie conclusively proven 40 years ago that ■Joe Smith, the founder of Mormonism, was En unprincipled adventurer, and that bis Book of Mormon is simply an impudent "crib" from honest Solomon Spauiding's The Manuscript Found; and now in this rear of grace tens of thousands believe Smith to be the latest recipient of Divine revela tion, and regard his book as the comple tion and summing up of the pre-millenn'ial utterances. Nay, Mormonism has even its missionaries, who regard the Pope of Rome md the Archbishop of Canterbury as erring lectaries who are not competent to "the nying on of hands," and the curious can istcn to one of them at the Richmond Odd 'ellows'-hall of a Sunday afternoon. Ou the Sunday when I visited the hnll there •were present about a dozen reepectably Idressed men of the working class, a couple of iged women, and three elders or teachers, who at at a table by themselves. The women _nd the elders gave the lie to the popular (potion that Mormonism and free love are ynonymous terms, for to° look at them was _uUicient to inspire the most erring with virtuous resolutions. The elder who sat at j the head of the table was & tall, Bparely built, but muscular man of about 60 years, j His hair find beard were Blightly grizzled, | and his face was tanned with much travel, and his dark frock coat and trousers would have done credit to the most orthodox "\Ves- 1 ieyan lay preacher. When the hour of open ing came he whispered to the two aged elders beside him, and said, " I have not the gift of music, but perhaps some of thoBe who has got books might find a hymn, and sing?" No one responding to the invitation, he pro ceeded at once with the main business or the meeting. He was in no way above the ordi innry workman in* his language, or Btyle, ■or thought; but be favourably impressed 'every one present before he bad spoken half a dozen sentences. He was not acquainted with the latest theological literature of the day, but he was possessed of the Confidence which living faith begets, and spoke serenely, as if modern science and modern theological criticism were not. These were his opening sentences:—" I rise upon this occasion feel ing my weakness, butl believe that I may be enabled to speak according to the dictation of the Spirit, that the time that we may spend tc-' gether may ^roye profitable unto u§, as chil dren of our Father and ourGod. istand as a stranger in your midst, but we are all chil dren of our divine Father. Though I came ' from a different part of the world, 1 am still 1 one of the Father's children, and I profess to come as His servant. Not with flowing language and line words to tickle the ears ol those who may be present, to please their fancy. This is not what I have left my i home to travel across the mighty de*p for, < but to speak in plainness and simplicity the f words of love and salvation, the message f that our Father has given llis servants to ? declare in this day in which we live." He f went on to say that we bad doubtless heard a good deal about Mormonism, but onr infor mation was about as reliable as that which could be got from a Protestant about the Catholic religion, and vice vers). The presence of his hearers was an evidence, however, that some, at least, were willing to go to the proper source for knowledge regarding the Mormons. John the Baptist, Jesus, and the Apostles all taught faith, repentance, and baptism for the remission of sins; and the latter laid their hands on the heads of those whom they baptised to confer the gifts of the Holy Ghost. This gospel was not taught in its plainness now by the so-called Christian churches, and, as a consequence, the signs which followed the laying on of hands in Apostolic times were not seen in these days. John was the last Apostle, and, when banished to the Isle of Patmos, God showed him the future. There, to quote the elder's words, "God seen fit to show him the re storation of the everlasting Gospel. In the 14th of Revelations, i think, and the 6th verse you will find that God shown him the angel dying through the midst of heaven, having the everlasting Gospel to be preached to them that dwell upon the earth, saying, fear God, and give glory to him, for the hour of his judgment is come. Many feels to say— What! restore the everlasting Gospel? Yes, and I testify before you upon this occasion that that very thing that God showed John upon the Isle of Patmos has transpired on this day and generation, in which you and I live. That angel whom John saw flying through the heavens having the ever lasting Gospel, be has flown from the midst of heaven^has come to the earth to restore the everlasting Gospel—that same Gospel that God onr Father gave in the beginning, the same that Jesus teached -while He was here upon His mission, and also His Apostles. He has not only restored the everlasting Gospel, out again restored the apostleship, the power and authority to preach the Gospel, and ad minister in its ordinanoes. Many may feel to ask, and yon may, have heard how this was restored. Nevertheless, I shall .again enumerate it according to the light and knowledge that I am in possession of." .. atgreat,lepgtb,and in h'uownquaint,solemn, deliberate, and slightly ungrammatical style. \- ^Kh^ried that the apostfeBhip haying died with John ana the other original apostles. 5£e S.08Pel message, and the ordinances ot Christian priesthood, practically lapsed till Joseph Smith found the Book of Mor mon on the hillside , of Gomorrah, and was ordained directly by heaven to fepnd the church of the Latter-day Saints This church dna its elders were, therefore, the only chosen vessels in which the gifts of the Divine graces such a, passage as the following be spoke j with tbefervourand authority ofa seer of old, but a seer rather lenity in his grammar:: —" The time is coming wired judgments and calamities will overtake the inhabitants of the eartb, because tbey have rejected the! message and authority that God has restored in' this generation ; that He has Bent His ser vants to declare to His children throughout j the earth. I, a feeble instrument in His; hands, iff lifting my voice here in Richmond, i and there is hundreds of others scattered! throughout the earth. I presume there is not | a nation to-day where the Gospel could be I preached without being interfered with, where our elders to-day is not standing before the people, presenting before the people the message God has sent them to declare, and administering in His Bacred ordinances. But many feels to ask my friends have we not had the Gospel with us since our earliest recollection! Had not our fathers it and our ancestors ? Have we not had the Gospel clear down BinceJesus's day? It is true you have had the written word, bnt how far has it been teached in its purity and simplicity ? How far has the wisdom of men stepped forward. and declared opinions and views of these things, instead o! authorised servants standing forth, and declaring, 'Thus saith the Lord,' as they did in ancient Israel? Men authorised by the spirit of God. How many in this generation is there who can stand forth in the name of the Lord, and teach the principles as Jesns did, as his disciples did, and as the elders of the Chnrcli of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is doing in this day and generation. But if they can not, what is the consequence ? We fail to find the promise of Jesns (the gift of the Holy Ghost] being verified. Therefore, I feel to say this Gospel may be unpopular, bnt it is true, and through God it will benefit and bless yon and me and the whole bnman family who will receive and obey it" The elder was followed by an old man, on whom "time and the hour" had ap parently laid a heavy burden, for he spoke I in a feeble, paralytic fashion, and Beemed a person tbe least likely to join a virile, poly gamous sect like tbe Mormons. He was very severe on the lack of fruit shown by the so called Christian churches, and said, " We want a live Holy Ghost, that's what's the, matter, and then the gifts of healing, and strange tongues will soon follow the laying on of hands to them that believe." The eider, who preached, then announced that he had a few tracts which he was willing to distribute, aud was prepared to answer any questions " in reason and conscience for those who wish to ask for information in regard to the principles of the Gospel." The service was brought to a close by a man well stricken in years. He had the sensuous lips and the alert eye of one ordained to " seal spiritual wives," but through lack of teeth, and from failing vocal powers, he pro nounced a benediction which can only be described as " husky and mumbling." One or two of tbe scant audience stayed to receive the tracts with which the elder was provided, but none felt constrained to ask any questions, and in a couple of minutes the re spectable operatives and the two elderly ladies disappeared down the stairs and mingled with the Gentile world which thronged the streets without I stayed be hind, and was kindly furnished with two tracts entitled respectively, "The Gospel Message" and "The Means of Escape." These were free gifts, and, as loans, I secured from theelder, whom I found to be an apostle of the most courteous and urbane manners, two little books showing forth the doctrines of the new gospel. One was the eleventh , edition of " A Voice of Warning and Instruc tion to All People, or an Introduction to the Faith and Doctrine of the Church of Jesus Christof Latter-day Saints," by Parley P. Pratt Theotherwastheeighteentheditionof "Sacred j Hymns and Spiritual Songs for the' Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints." From a literary friend I have borrowed the bible of the sect* which is entitled " The Book of Mor mon, an Account Written by tbe Hand of Mormon upon Plates Taken from the Plates of Nephi." The bible is published by Cannon and Young, Salt Lake City, but the other publi cations are issued fromthe "Latter-day Saints' Printing, Publishing, and Emigration office, 42 Islington, Liverpool." I truthfully ex plained that I was connected with a Gentile press when I borrowed the Mormon litera ture aforesaid ; but I fear the elder took me for a convert tn polygamous tendencies, who was too timid to avow his real opinions. If the worthy elder thought thus of me he was very much in error. No one can under stand a man or a religion till he pntshimself, by an effort of sympathy or imagination or: careful study, in theirpcmitionnna surround •« 4a ^ ofnn^ trt fViaSr ings, or, in fact, tries to "stand in their* shoes." As a conscientious searcher after I truth, Mormon and otherwise, I endeavour i always to fulfil these conditions, and I have,I therefore, striven with many spiritual throes ■ to "stand in the shoes11 of a polygamous J elderly Mormon gentleman—in thought only, j remember. The effort has always. However, j been a humiliating failure, for I cannot, l by the widest stretch of sympathy or imagi-1 nation, realise the] condition of the man who I is hen-pecked not only by one, but by a dozen of wives, spiritual or nnspiritual, j sealed or unsealed. But I have revelled in' the Mormon literatnre, and it has been my j mental meat and drinlc for weeks post In-1 tellectually and morally weak, as lam, and, j therefore, always at the mercy of tbe last! speaker, I find that the tract on "The* Means of Escape " disturbs my sleep o* nights and seriously impairs my health, already too frail; for it tells me that the end of the Gentile world is nigb, and that * salvation is only to be fonnd with poly-1 gamousmen. The other tract, " The Gospel i Message," is a discourse delivered by Elder William Budge at Chesterfield, August 12, 1679, and bears a carious resemblance to the speech of the other elder who addressed the scant Richmond. Audience. It is equally" conciliatory in time, but none the less asserts that the Christian churches do not preach! the old Gospel in eimplibity and tmtn, that. their, ministers are not .divinely, ordained,: and, therefore, cannot coaler the Holy * Ghost by " the laying on of hands," and that for tbe. human race the Mormon " Short " is the friend, and not the Christian " Codlin." The Voice of Warning is by Parley P. Pratt, who seems to be the literary "gyeat gun "of the sect, for he is also the author or some of the finest of the Latter-! day-Saints'bymns. This little book proves to be a sort of gloss and commentary on the Mormon Bible, and its geology, philosophy, j and ethnology are, considering that Darwin,: and Huxley, and Herbert Spencer have; lived and written, quito refreshing in their pristine simplicity. .But I find that not its] Bcieuce, but its quotations from the Booh of \ Mormon entertain me most. Here, for in stance, is one:—"And it came to pass that, these whs a- voioe heard .among all . the in habitants of the earth, upon all the face ot tbe land, crying* Woe, woe, woe unto this >le! ... For the devil laughetb, and Is rejoice because of tbe slain of the ^(^4aoght{W prtay people; ,£ . . iwJ&l; .thatgreat db of jSaiabepda have I ilnutted with firk andths inhabitants thereof, And heboid Ith^t ttteatcUroI Moroni haveI 1 caused to be sunk in the depths of the sea, arid the inhabitants thereof to be drowned.!" After this, with the usual preface' of "Be hold," I find that other places have likewise been destroyed for various reasons, and! that their names are such as Moromhah, Gilg&l;, Onihah, Alocum, Gadiandi, Gadi-! omnah, Gimgimno, Jacobugath, Laman,1 Josh, . Gad, and Kishkumen. The Book of Mormon is the Bible of the sect, and is, like | the Koran, very dreary reading. Its phrase ology is biblical, almost every paragraph i commencing with "Behold," or "It came to pass." The old English third singular pre sent indicative inflexion "eth" is also very popular; and I, thou, he, she, it, we, you, )lde " " arid they all "cometu," or beholaeth," or "doeth." It is full of wars, and floods, and journeyings, and judgments tor 6in upon Nephites and" Lamanites, the latter being especially "heavy villains" of the most ap proved theatrical type. Poisonous serpents are frequently mentioned, and also slaughters of Binners, involving the death <'' of from 230,000 to 2,000,000 victims. The imitation of the biblical phraseology is occasionally very happy, but the attempts at copying the thoughts of the Hebrew prop frets or the parableB of Our Lord are, to say the least of it, very funny. They are as like the original as Orlando Ftirioso is to Jerusalem Delivered, or as Tlve Seven Champion* of Christendom, is to The Idylls of the King. But I find my chief solace in the book of Hymns. It is in some respects quite catholic in its variety, aud includes such authors as Addison, Watts, Wesley, and Newton; but its prevailing characteristic is its pronounced, and jubilant, arid prosaic Mbrmonism. In it I find,for instance, what tlie tracts and the Book of Mormon and the Voice of Warnitig were discreetly silent about—tlie subject of celestial marriAge. In hymn 320 these verses occur— " He who one talent has abused, Hear It! ye sons of men, Shall lose it, and it shall be given To him who improves ton. " Through him who holds the sealing power, Ye faithful ones, who heed Celestial laws, take mahy wives And tear a righteous seed." The prosaic element is represented by such1 lines as these— " Deseret, Deseret! Oh? I love to be there, : With my brethren and sisters each blessing to share. ' Where Brigham, and Heber, and Daniel preside, With all the full quorum of priesthood beside. " Where oppression is hated and liberty loved, And truth and sincerity highly approved." Or these— " It is a straight and narrow way That leadsto the celestial city, That high-tanght saints should go astray Through Gentile customs is a pity." Frequently "through the book tbere gleam flashes of hatred and loathing for the Gentile power which surrounds and persecutes the saints, and anticipations of a day of triumph and revenge: In hymn 77 this feeling finds expression thus ' Israel awake from thy long silent slumber. Shake off the letters that bound thee so long; Chains of oppression, we'll break them asunder, And join with the ransomed in victory's song. " Arise ! for the time has come, Israel must gather home. High on the mountain the ensign we 6ce, Fali'n is the Gentile power, Soon will their reign be o'er, Tyrants must rule no more, j Israel is free!" I Israel is far from being free yet, for I see j that the other day the inexorable American j Senate has smitten the saints grievously by i passing a law imposing heavy penalties upon polygamists throughout the Union. Unhappy ill yon de Mormons * It would be unjust to call you i eeivers and rascals, for many of youarebonest dupes, who would stake life, present and to come, on the truth of your gospel. You are denied rest here, and your hour of earthly trinmph will never coma Your search after truth is vain, and your books of Nephi and Ether ate lies, and your " prophet" was an impudent humbug, but, to quote one of your own hymns, there is for you and for all men, after " life's fitful fever," " Best for the weary soul. Best for the aching head, Best on the hillside, rest. With the great uncounted dead." 