SPARKS M3B SPRAY. A Brooklyn woman tried to drivo a police man out of her house by hitting him with hor baby, Sbo should have asked him to hold tho infant for a minute, Ouco thoro was a hired man who was con stantly astonishing his umployer, a farmer, by doing strange aud uuexpeoted things. One day the farmer ivont into the barn aud found that his man had hanged himself, Lookiug at tho dangling body for a few minutes, ho cxclaimod : 'What ou earth will that fellow do next ?' A beatitude is not Tery happy when the bee attitude happens to be ou your hand, with tbe sting ready for business. ?What is tho worst thing about riches ? asked the Sunday school superintendent, And the new boy said : 'Not having any.' 'I am very sorry for yon,' said a gentle man to a little street gamin who applied for a penny. 'Won't you put your hand in your pocket and tell mo how sorry you are ?' A woman who is accused of attempting to poison her husband, who, however, receivod prompt medical assistance and was ablo to bo present at tbe trial, 'What have you to say in vnnr rinfonAA innnirnrl flm .TnrioA. nil dressing the prisoner. 'I am innocent ! I insist on a post mortem.' A Troy clergyman tells a story told to him by a brother pastor of another city. The latter had in his flock a man who before con version had been very profane in language. He had become carnost in prayer, however, and on one occasion was offering a supplica tion in the prayer meeting for succor for a destituto family. 'Oh, Lord,' he said, 'send them a barrel of flour, Oh, Lord, send them a barrel of potatoes. Oh, Lord, send them a barrel of [here thero was a painful pause for a wordj pepper. Thunder, no !' he quickly exclaimed, 'that's too much pepper.' An old Scotchman when taking his bairns to be baptized usually spoke of them as laddies or lassies, as tho ease might he. At last his wife said be must not say it was a laddie or a lassie, but an infant. So the next time that Sandy had occasion to go to the clergyman, the latter said : 'Woel, Sandy, is it a laddie V 'It's line a laddie,' was the answer. 'Then it's a lassie.' 'It's nae a lassie,' said Sandy. 'Weed, man. what is it then V said the astonished preacher. '1 dinua remember vera weel,' said the parent, 'But 1 think the wife said it was an illefant.' The elergymau finally found out that it was not an elephant, but an infant that he was expected to baptize. The sign of an auction-near — A red flag. Those who are always forgetting — Money- grabbers. Folks who are always for-giving — Chari- table persons. A Well-preserved man is not necessarily always iu a pickle. THE BURMESE SITU ITION. There was a young King of Burmaw Whose name was simply Theebaw : He lost Mandalay. In a cowardly way. And Prendergast shouted 'burraw I' Ono of the pitiful sights of the world is to see a poor, little, pinched, penniless fellow staggering along under a greet family name made by some ono ahead of him. Mrs Montague— Do you sing, Mr de Lyle ? Mr de Lyle (with a superior smile)—! belong to the college glee club. Mrs Montague (disappointed) — O, I'm so sorry. I hoped that you Bang. A Massachusetts man brought a jug of eider to the editor of his country weekly, ' and the knight of tho quill immediately shut himself in and hung out a placard sayiug { 'This is my busy day.' The Rev. Sam Jones having stated in a recent sermon that a 'dude is a jackass,' the Binghamton Republican responds : Mr Jones i3 surely mistaken While a dude is not distinguished for brain, tho other animal is pretty much all brayiu'. The man who has the courage to disouss politics with his wife would not shrink from contradicting his mother- in-law on matters relating to tho proper management of babies, hut sueh'tt man rarely dies of-old age. An editor .in.Kinslor, N, 0 , who doesn't object to good produce in lieu of cash subscriptions, gives emphatic and pointed uotico that he will draw tlie line at 8 or 10 year-old roosters,' which some of the sub scribers have been ip the habit of passing on him for chickens, sousn TO -'CATCH ON.' Fast wo'eat, ? Fast we sleep, FaBt we live and die. . If half the world were fast as us The'd have no chance to cry. 'Wait, we don't, Wait, we won't, Wait ! we push instead. If wo'd wait and take our time, We'd never move ahead. On we rush, On wo crush, On, wc move tho throng. If wo don't. rush, nnd pitoh right in, Wo never would 'catch on.' \- Quick it is, ; Quick with 'biz,' Quick wo aro jiou know. If wo wero quick as othur lands, Wouldn't it bo so slow '! An Iowa editor wroto an obitunry on ono of his subscribers, at tho rcquost of his widow, in which ho inadvertently spoko of tho dcconseil having gono to a 'far happier home,' .And the fastidious mourner was angry, - 'Captain, wo aro entirely out of ammunition,' said an orderly sorgeaut to his, commander on a field- Jay, 'Wliut 1 entirely out V' oxclaimed the captain. 'Yos, entirely out,' was' tho reply. 'Then cease : firing,! peremporily said the captain. Ho was making a oall, nnd thoy -wero taking of literature. 'The Pilgrim's Progress,' she remarked, 'always seemed to mo painfuj . Of eourso you ore familiar with Buuyau ?' Ho said he had one ou each foot, and (hey bothered him a good dead, VU Floods in the North,— The Com missioner for railways lias received in telligence from Mr. W. S. Prowott statiumnnstes, Cooktown, stating that the Normanby llivcr rose 6ft. over tlio bridge on Saturday morning, and tho train could not therefore cross over. When the train left on tho return to Cooktown the water was subsiding. ; Passengers for the Palmer were to be conveyed by trollies as soon as the river could be crossed. There woro no Maytowii passengers or mails by Saturday's train, as a coach did not run during last week owing to tlio Laura being flooded. Decay of the Teeth. — In tho intro duction to his'Natural History of the Human Teeth, explaining their structure Use, Formation, Growth' and Diseases' published in 1778, John Hunter indicated a good and clear lino of dclimination between tlio province of tho medical practitioner and that of tho dentist. It may be worth while to reproduce liis opinion for temporary guidance: 'All tho diseases of the teeth, which aro common to them with the other parts of the body should bo put under tho management of tho physician or surgeon; but those which aropccularto tho teoth, and their con ncctious, belong properly to' the dentist. It follows. from this that the decay of the teeth is a malady which ought to be regarded as falling within tho province of the medical practitioner, and wc incline to think it deserves more general and closer attention than is commonly bestowed upon it. Hunter (whose works might, with thoso of Cullen aucl the older writers bo advantageously studied again by the generation of nraotitionors who have forgotten them, and even condescendingly read by that contemporary generation which has been so beneficently provided with newer. and better light and reading) was of opinion that decay of the teeth bad great significance as regards, tho state of health. He argued, and not unwisely, that if a part of the organism which is not subject to rapid decay after death dies during life, there must be some thing active to kill it, or, as he put it, 'there is some operation ? going on which produces a change in the diseased part.' And he deduced from the morbid, anatomy of decay of the teeth , that it is not'due to external or accidental causes, but that the evil commences within ; moreover, that 'this disease and its consequences seem to be peculiar to youth and middle age ; the shedding teeth are as subject to it, if not more so, than those intended to last through life, and we seldom or ever sec any person whose teeth begin to rot after the age of fifty years.' This last fact is notable, If a man can keep his teeth untill after middle age, lie may generally count on keeping them to the end. There seems to be some reason for thinking that decay of the teeth is commoner now .than it used to be. Assuming this to be the fact, it would be interesting to inquire whether there is anything in our modern mode of life which has a tendency to cause the teeth to decay. The old fashioned notion about eating sugar and acids and the like is exploded. Mean while it may be worth asking if want of vigour is not a cause of decay of tlie teeth and the want of vigour observable among certain classes of children and young persons is not due to the increas ingly artificial character of the lives the young lead ; with diminution of fresh air and exercise, and that aggravation of mental tasks and brain and nerve worry which characterises the educational aud developmental stages of our modern life, The young people of America are par ticularly subject to decay of tho teeth, and they arc also conspicuous for their advanced mental culture and the pro tective care bestowed upon them. They arc fed and dressed like adults, and they are 'forced,' in an intellectual sense, to the serious depreciation of the organic material of which the human body with its brain and nerves is composed, and of vital energy with which it ought to bo endowed. — Lancet. Condemned to Silence.— It is more than six years (says Mr H. W. Lucy in the English Illustrated Magasine ) since Lord Sberbrooke made the painful dis covery that bis career as a parliamentary orator was drawing to a close. Early in tlio session of 1870, being then in the House of Commons, he rose to take part in a debate on a vote of censure on the Goverment. moved by Sir Charles Dilke. A great deal was expected from his interposition, and Mr Lowe had evi dently made a special effort to meet general anticipation. He got along successfully for- a quarter of an hour. Then arose the ncccssitv for citing extracts from blue books in support of his arguments. Taking up his notes, ho began to search for a particular mem orandum, but could not find it. He floundered on for a while, and abruptly resinned his seat. That was his last speech in the house of Commons, and ho has not attempted to fight against fortune in the House of Lords. Oddly enough, many of Mr Lowe's contemporaries, in tlie House of Commons have accepted their transla tion to the House of Lords as a condem nation of habitual silence. There is Lord Aberdaro. who, as .Mr. Bruce .sometime Home Secretary, was well known in the House of Commons, and a regular participator in debate.' He has not being wholly silent in the House of Lords, but is so rarely heard that liis name is forgot ten by the public. Lqi'd Einsly, late Mr, Monsell, Postmaster-General in Mr. Gladstone's former .adminstration, is equally dumb. Nor does Lord Cardwoll spealc -now. that the attack unon the short service system has lapsed. Lord Carling ford, the Mr. Chichester Fortescuo- of earlier times, is more successful in keep ing a front place ; but Lord Alington, who as Mr. Gerard Sturt, once electrified the House of Commons and delighted the Drince of .Wales,-who happened to be in the gallery, by a disquisition of horse flesh, rests on his , laurels. Nor does Lord Lamington ( Mr. Baillie Cochrano ) ever confide to the Hoiise '(if Lords those deep thoughts on foreign affairs. ' with which, in days not long gone by, the House of Commons wqb made periodically familiar. Lord Wolverton, who,, as whip in. tho I'arlimcnt of 1868, ..was not accustomed ;to make long, speeches, has naturally subsided into, tlio grave silence most popular in tho house of Lords. 'So has Mr Cowper Tcmplo, who grows more than ever liko the ghost of Lord l'almor ston. .Even Lord . Coleridge only rarely favours tho Ilouso of Lords with one, of those elaborate and bloodless., orations, dropped in silver-toned . notes' that ;ihay sometimes effect :tho min'd' but liover touch the heart, f ?' ? '? 'llc-llo, Smith,' suppose a 'man marrids 'liis ?first wifo's stop-sinter'!) aunt,; what' relation is ho to .her,? j,,'. First, wifo~um— stop-mint: or— Jqt'o. see ? I., don't, know.1 (Bright. fallow !' 'Ilo's her husband.' ' i Dr. Dio Lewis deolaroa.-thafe.liot water will euro every complaint that human Opsin's heir to, yet all thel samo' n' good doal'of complaint comet froRfj?£pplo who get into hot water.: - 