MR. HERBERT SPENCER ON PRIESTHOODS, BY RICHARD A PROCTOR. In the last number of Knowledge I gave a brief abstract of Mr. Spencer's discus sion, in the book before me, of the relations between Church and State. I propose now to consider more generally his discussion of " Ecclesiastical Institutions." It is hardly necessary to point out that the great value of this work, as of the whole series of work by the great phil osopher of our age, residesl in the applica tion of the principles of evolution to the subject of discussion. It would he an injustice to Mr. Spencer to say that in regard to the general doctrine of evolution, he is as Francis Bacon where Darwin is as Newton. For Bacon was in many respects but an inexact student of science, and in regard to Newton's special department not only held, but maintained altogether erroneous ideas, whereas Spencer in every department of science required for his studies has obtained that true general view which is all that his general survey needed or would permit, while in some, and in particular in Darwin's special department, he has been among the fore most leaders in exact inquiry. Nine tenths of the subject-matter which my friend Mr. Clodd proposes for example to deal with, belongs to the domain surveyed by Mr. Spencer, where one-tenth only which belongs to the region surveyed and cleared by Charles Darwin. In the volume on "Ecclesiastical Insti stutions," Mr. Spencer has completed the sixth part of the" Principles of Sociology," the parts which remain to be included in the second volume of that great work being those relating to "Professional Institutions" and "Industrial Institu tions." We read with much sorrow Mr. Spencer's expression of anxiety lest the completion of these remaining sections should be delayed, or even prevented, by such ill-health as has delayed the appear ance of the present volume-which follows the fifth division, on" Political Instutions," after the long interval of three years and a half. Rightly to understand the evolution or Ecclesiastical Institutions we must recog nise the origin and understand the developement of the religious idea in man. Is this idea, and especially the thought of deity, innate ? This is commonly assumed; but all the evidence is against it. If the deaf and dumb, instructed at mature age, told us that they had always had the idea of a Creator of the world, that of itself would not prove the idea to be innate, because it might well have been derived through inheritance; but, as a matter of fact, " it has not been found in a single case that an uneducated deaf-mute has had any idea of the existence of a Supieme Being as Creator and Ruler of the universe." This is manifestly decisive against the theory that the idea is innate. The lowest savage has no religious conceptions at all. Gradually the rudi ments of religion arise as ideas of forces outside himself are suggested in various ways. Mr. Spencer holds by the ghost theory as explaining this actual beginning of religion; and he seems to be un doubtedly right in regarding it as belong ing to the very earliest stages of religious evolution. But I believe there is a yet earlier and more rudimentary form of the religious feeling, excited by the apparent existence of power and volition in objects not really possessing conusciousness or even life. We find even the lower animals im pressed by a sense of wonder and fear when any inanimate object shows signs of apparent life and power; and I take it that among savage races a kindred feeling would long precede the more philosophical stage when the phenomena of sleep and dreams would suggest the idea of the spirit or ghost, leading a separate existence and surviving the death of a body. But undoubtedly so soon as this idea was once formed it would permeate the whole. religious system of a community. In the recognition of the "double" would be found the interpretation of the apparent power and volition of objects themselves inanimate. And we can easily understand how in the course of time all plants, all animals, all natural phenomena, rain, wind, snow, cloud, sun, moon, and stars, would be regarded as instinct, with life and power derived from the ancestral dead of the community.. In, this sense and in this way, probably, all forms of nature worship were originally derived from ancestor- worship. It is more than probable, it may beoregarded as absolutely certain, that the belief in one God by whom the sun, moon, and stars, earth, air, and sea, were made, who rules all the phenomena of nature by virtue of the powers of these, his creatures, was a later development, a purification of the original forms of natural religion. In every case where we can follow the progress of a people's religion to tho birth of a belief in one God, we find this belief preceded by belief in many gods, and this belief again preceded by the worship of dead ancestors. We must look then for the origin of priesthoods to the times when the vaguely recognised powers of nature, were to be influenced or propitiated, and to the later time when the spirits of dead chiefs (and in some cases even of living rulers) had to be approached with due ceremonial obser ances. The first priests were the medicine men and weather- doctors, still found among various races, still believed in by the more ignorant even among civilised peoples, as our servants' faith in astrologers and wise women testifies, and as is shown" by the publication of such degrading nonsense as Zadkiel's Almanac and the like. .The priestly character was - more fully developed, when it became part of the duties of the medicine- men to induce the spirits of dead ancestors to yield benefits or cease from inflicting evils,-by bribing them, praising them, deceiving, cajoling, .threatening, frightening, or coercing them. It was natural that in primitive com mimities, the chief who ruled the people and led them in battle should also be the chief priest; and equally natural that as each community developed, these duties should be divided. The priestly duty commonly remained in the family of the chief,-being discharged by son, brother, or near relative, in some cases by the king's daughter.' But gradually, the priestly race became a sect apart, descended perhaps from the royal family but no longer closely connected with the actual rulers. "Influences of sundry kinds tend everywhere.' says Mr. Spencer,"to compli cate, in one way or other, the primitive course, of development. While we see that worshipping the spirit of the dead chief, at first carried on by his heir, is in the heir's, absence deputed to.a younger brother while we see that temporary assumption of the function by a brother or other member of the family tends to become permanent where the business of the chief increases- while we see that migrating parts of the tribe are habitually accom panied by some of the village god's direct or collateral descendants, who carry with them the cult and perform its rites, and that when conquest. of adjacent com munities leads to an extension of rule, political and ecclesiastical, members of the ruling family become local priests; a e find sundry causes at work which render this process irregular. Besides the in fluence which the chief or his priestly relative is supposed to have with power ful supernatural beings, there is the com petinginfluence ascribed to the sorcerer or rainmaker. Occasionally, too, the tribe is joined by an immigrant stranger, who, in virtue of superior knowledge or arts, excites awe; and an additional cult may result either from his teachings or his own apotheosis. Moreover a leader of a migrating portion of the tribe, if in some way specially distinguished, is likely at death .to become himself the object of a worship competing wvith the traditional worship, and perhaps initiating another priesthood. Fluctuating conditions are thus apt, even in early stages, to produce various modifications in ecclesiastical organisation." - The development of a monotheistic priesthood out of a priesthood essentially polytheistic, 'is next considered by Mr. Spencer, in connectionwith the hypothesis (with which, and with which alone, all the fncts are congruous) that monotheistic ideas are developed out of -polytheistic' ideas. We find, for example, in the pro fessedly monotheistic religion of the Hebrews arch-angels exercising powers in their respective spheres and practically demigods. In derived creeds we find clear marks of polytheism. As each Fiji chief has a particular god in whpm he puts special trust, so, though the followers of Mahomet shed their blood and the blood of others to establish the worship of one god, the Bedouins make sacrifices at the tombs of their saints, and even the more civilised Mahometans "worship their deceased holy men at shrines, erected to them." In the Middle Ages and in Catholic countries polytheistic ideas can, even in our own time, readily be recog nised. Even among people claiming to have purified their religion from such im perfections, we find a doctrine at least partially polytheistic as understood by the bulk of the Trinitarian community, without taking into account belief in Satan, which as recognising an inde pendent supernatural power undoubtedly implies surviving polytheism. Nowhere except among the more advanced Unitarians, and by those who are called theists, is a pure monotheism accepted." Ecclestical hierarchies resemble the political government with which they are associated. In societies which have developed a highly-coercive secular rule we find always a highly-coercive religious rule; and vice versa. Neither the one rule nor the other can be regarded as cause or effect, but the two are developed from a common root, and for a long time can be distinguished but imperfectly from each other. The common result has a common origin in the moral nature of the people. Extreme submissiveness of nature en courages alike the guowth of despotic political and despotic ecclesiastical control; while the presence of that quality which develops in the advanced race into the sense of the dignity of manhood, resists alike the despotism of living rulers and extreme self-abasement in propitiation of deities. Furthermore it is to be noted that ecclesiasticism in developing societies conduces to cohesion "not only between the co-existing parts of a nation, but between present and past generations." It helps to maintain those characteristics of the society which constitute its indivi duality. Nor is this quality of eclesias tisism without credentials. "The life of society has, up to the time being, been maintained under it; and hence a perennial reason for resistance to deviation. Even irrespective of the relative fitness of the inherited cult to the inherited social circumstances, there is an advantage in, if not indeed a necessity for, acceptance of traditional belibfs and consequent conformity to the resulting customs and rules. For, before an assem bly of men can become organised the men must be held together, and kept ever in presence of the conditions to which they have become adapted; and that they may be thus held the coercive influence of their traditional beliefs must be strong." Among the original offices of the priesthood military functions were conspicuous. Among the ancient Germans "the main tenance of discipline in the field as in the council was left in great measure to the priests." Later the functions discharged in connection with war became more ex clusively "of the kind called religious." The Samoan priest prayed for his own people and cursed the enemy. In New Caledonia "the priests go to do battle, but sit in the distance, fasting and praying for victory." The priesthood among the Comanches, Schoolcraft tells us, "appear to exercise no influence in their general government, but, on whr being declared. they exercise their influence with the Deity." As an example of this kind of priestly oction in relation to war, maybe cited the following prayer directed by the chief priest of the modern English to be used at the commencement of a war in which he attacked an alien race striving to throw off an intolerable tyranny-" Oh .Chief God of our people"-I have some how got the prayer wrong, it begins " O0 Almighty God, whose power no creature is able to resist, keep we beseech Thee our soldiers and sailors who have now gone foith to war, that they, being crowned with thy defence, may be preserved ever more from all perils, to glorify Thee, who art the only giver of all victory," &c.;, &c.; "The military duties of priests among ourselves have," indeed, "dwindled down to the consecration of flags, the utterances. by army-chaplains of injunctions of for giveness to men who are going to execute vengeance, joined with occasional prayers to the God of love to bless aggressions pro voked or-unprovoked." . It must be conceded, however, that while pagan priests have superatitiously sought for some sign of divine approval before praying for God to assist the fighting men of his tribe, the Christian priest has with calm superiority taken that approval for granted. There was something especially impressive in this confidence when God was invited to bless our efforts in attack ing a people who fought against one of the foulest tyrannies the world has known. Social development tends to resist the civil as well as the military functions of a priesthood. In advanced societies we find that so far from taking a leading part in the civil affairs, priests are almost excluded from them. In this country for example, many of the functions once ex ercised by ecclesiastics have now passed from their hands; and there are somowho are so intolerant as absolutely to doubt whether even the magistracy should be open to clergymen, and to question the wisdom of some of the decisions by which clerical magistrates have astounded lawyers. Passing over the special question of Church and State considered in the last number of Knowledge we note that Non conformity, as representing freedom of thought and including what is specially called Free Thought, is a development only found in advanced societies. "The multiplication of sects," as Spencer well observes, " with which England is re proached by foreign observers, is-philo sophically considered-one of her superior traits; for the rise of every sect, implying a reassertion of the right of private judg ment, is a collateral result of the nature which makes free institutions possible." " Nonconformity increasing as indus trialism has developed, now characterises. hi the greatest degree these nations which are 'most characterised by the develop ment of the industrial type-America and England." The moral influence of priesthoods has in every age been subject to, the needs of those rulers or ruling orders of ;which priests have been either the guides or the servants or both. They have always in culcated obedience to the powers that be, so long as these powers have trusted pro perly in priestly influences, andhave suffi ciently supported priestly powers. Moral shortcomings may be forgiven-alike in people and an priests-so long as " subor dination is manifested with sufficient Semphasis." Of the future of ecclesiasticism, it is' sufflcient to remark that, as the idea of propitiation is lost, or as men learn to re gard it more clearly as an idea essentially degrading to themselves and insulting towards the unknown Power working in and through all things, all observances implying this savage (or at its best essen tially weak) thought will disappear; "yet it does not follow that observances will lapse which tend to keep alive a con sciousness of the relation in which we stand to the Unknown Cause, and tending to give expression to the sentiment accom panying that consciousness. There will remain a need for qualifying that too material and prosaic form of life which tends to result from absorption in daily work; and there will ever be a sphere for those who are able to impress their hearers with a due sense of the mystery in which the origin and meaning of the universe are shrouded."-Knowledge. 