4$mt London Letter. \- ;(toou oue cobbbspokdent.) THB HOIIB EUI.1I QUESTION. t liONDOH, June 4. — Every other topic except the pne-ababrbujg question of the seoosd reading of the Home Bule Bill seems to have faded from the public mind, sad to excite only the mostpassingnotioe. The fthrflKt.oT.-ing uux ominooB language of the Czax at Seb&stppol--the; balance in which the life so valuable te Smnnii *rf t-m tinv nimnaf: -nnnfiAAna.nn.Ti ~Rm. jperor of Germany— the termination of the Greek difficulty— the threatened expulsion from franco of the Pr.eB.DB Pnnoes — all these -which is ordinary times would be matter* of engros sing interest seem vrell nigh lost sight of in the consideration of a measure which has aroused fierce animoiitdes, and dissolved more party ties, and produced a. kind of general chaos in the political worlS unequalled certainly in the present ' reign. That aome form of Home Eule for Ireland will even tually be carried I entertain no doubt. For the pre sent the true issue has been clenched, and between men who reason from totally opposite premises ai^nment is impossible, and agreement on any basis Which can yet be discovered hopeless. All through bis great political oareer, Mr. Gladstone has been in advance of the sentiment and feeling of the country -on various measures of change which have, with iSenefftl approval, afterwards become law. He possesses a . sort' of xnagio political instinct which enables him to anticipate the first rising breath o£ change Almost before it gently ripples the surface of the public opinion of the country. He does not wait until it begins to swell the sails of the ship of state, and iraft her on a new course. This is just his posi tion ' now. ' Home Eule is not a new idea for Ireland. Sixteen years ago Orangemen and Protestants and dignitaries of the new dis BtabliBhed Irish Church combined to enunciate tie principle on which they were agreed, that 'the true remedy for the evils of Ireland is the establish ment of an Irish Parliament, with full control over our domestic* affairs.' It is mainly Mr. Gladstone's just and humane policy toward the Boman Catholic end landless classes in Ireland which has alienated and embittered the original promoters of Home Eule, thrown the movement altogether into other hands, and now at length arrayed the one side against the other as its bitterest opponents and most deadly enemies. Notbindjfcan be more signifi cant of this ^complete faoe about than the expressed determination of Ulster to resort to civil war rather than Bubmit to the domination of a Nationalist parliament. The Pall Maix Gazette has published this week what purports to be the secret muster roll of the Orange army in Ulster. If the statements .made in that journal are reliable one hundred and twenty thousand men in that province are drilled, armed with weapons of defence, the cavalry well horsed, and even the artillery eflfciently organised, and all ready to take the field at a moment' s warning, rather than be handed over to what they believe would be the intolerable tyranny and injustice of a parliament of their bitterest foeB. There may perhaps in all thiB be a good deal more smoke than real fire. Still it is not to be denied that Ulster is in an ugly temper, and that no one perhaps more than Mr. Gladstone himself would hesitate to force upon a party, the Irish people animated by euch fierce antipathy, his Home Bule scheme in its present naked form. The very mooting o£ this scheme has thrown Ulster into a^anio of fear and rage ; feelings, it is needless to say, fanned and encouraged by politicians in this country for their own purposes. THE POSITION OF PAETIES has been for some time in a state of uncertainty. This work appears, however, to have ended the transition state, and Mr. Gladstone knows perfectly what he has to hope or to fear for his measure. The advocates and opponents of the measure are now definitely divided into four separate &nd; distinct sections. With Mr. Gladstone is a certain Liberal following, and the solid vote of the Pamellites, but not sufficient' in number to avert defeat on the second reading. Then there is Lord Hartington and the whole Conservative party -with Ulster, who ob ject to any form of autonomy for Ireland which ' would include such liberty to an Irish , . Parliament- as Mr. Gladstone's bill proposes to grant. Mr. Chamberlain and his following, who accept the principle of Irish auton omy, but only such autonomy as vrould secure the absolute integrity and unity of Great Britain. With the stronger opponents of the measure have joined many nonconformists, who have long been regarded as some of Mr. .Gladstone's staunchest adherents. They are influenced probably far more by the fear of Catholic ascendancy in Ireland than by any other consideration. It is believed that Mr. Gladstone will face a second reading on the understanding that ine clause excluding- the Irish representation at Westminster will be withdrawn on any subsequent introduction of the Reconstruction Bill. The division is expected to take pia.ee on Monday next, 7th inst. The latest rumor is that, if the Government are defeated, which now eeems certain, Parliament will not be immediately dissolved, but that an effort will be made to pass a Registration Bill, so as to include in the new electorate all the strength possible. That this measure passed, Parliament -would be dissolved in October, and the general elections, followed by an autumn session, for the purpose of introducing some Home Bule measure, provided always that Mr. Gladstone succeeds in returning to power. Lord Salisbury, unfortunately for his party, has put a whip into the hands of the Nationalists and of others favorable to Home Eule for Ireland in ' some shape or form, by an assertion he recently made that the best and true way to pacify Ireland was to discard the national clamour for impossible concessions, remedy all legiti mate abuses, and govern the country firmly for twenty years. This was at once translated into ** Twejity years of Coercion,' and will, no doubt, form an election cry of vefy damaging effect. For my own part, the ecencs I hare witnessed in the House oi Commons show, if anything can, that an Irish Parliament would be nothing more than a sort of political bear garden, where the most brutal license would give the general tone to the assembly. Nothing could be more disgraceful than the insulting and un manly 'treatment with which all opponents of the bill hare been visited from the Nationalist benches, none more so than Mr. Chamberlain, whose straight forward atii honest course at the risk of all that mast he dear to him, as the most rising politician of the day. That the veteran Liberal, Mr. Bright, has with muqh personal Eprrow to himself, felt compelled to oppose his old friend and leader, has produced a profound impression amoner all parties. But, the Nationalists, the very gallips of politics, care for none of these things. It seems to be improbable to forecaafthe probablo ' ; ? . BESTJIiTS OF A GE2STBK.AL ELECTION. Mr. Gladstone's name is still a power to conjure with, and the defection of Hodge last year, who went over in a^ body to the Liberals, deserting -bis *'betters,'.te wikDm the catechism had taught him ito be *UowljF«ndreTerent ;;- andensppingbisfinKerB, at the polling booth, at his '^spiritual pastors and $eaohers,' all make a political forecast difficult in the extreme. The question really lies between such a state of tilings at West minster as blocks all legislation on English affairs, and Ireland in perpetual ferment and disorder, murder, outrage, and sedition life, or something in the shape of autonomy which will serve as a sop to the Nationalists— *t least, for some few years to come. The position of Ulster, of eo&rse;, immensely complicates the problem. To give Ulster a separate autonomy would be to cut adrift from the lent of the conntry its only rich province, and leave the nationalist Parliament in a state of ahronio beggary. It relies for its exchequer on Ulster. Ulster is its taxing ground, and Ulster can be made to revive, by such taxation, the decayed in dnBtries of the feet of Ireland, over which the Nationalists make such lament. But enough of home politics, for this week at any rate. To torn, now, to a matter of more general in-, tercet. !B» ..._??. BK-APPSABAKCB OF THE QUEEN in public after bo many yeuw tit seclusion has awakened in ail classes of society a sentiment which showed how deeply the Queen, who has been personally so mnon a stranger to all classes of her subjects, still lives in their affections. This, -may, perhaps, be in deference to some extent to the suggestion of her Ministers; but I am rather inclined to think that the change 4s due rather to the spontaneous action of the Qu«-eu herself, who desires in this w»y to show her sym pathy with, atd affeetdon for, hue people in her jubilee year. Nothing will '1* mote gratifying to cdloniEts^U brer the World i&aa; this warm interest taken i»ylierJ4«ije8ty in tiie£oloni«i and Indian Be MMtiouv to KThiob. She pays long and irequent visits, an&«vinoes4!umc*t lively interest in all she Bees, ftSktoff many questions, -tati making here Ina tbere pvehasm of what takes her feoyai i»n*y. 'Nothis* -oaa 4ttxpau the beaut* aha *ojariet**feM «f thiB «tB9sti-m, which via *hly «t}«klled by' its immense popularity. On wae %i^ I obserredby * zetwrd kept in the resia £«de,mtas maWts^enty-fire thousand visitors t loused the-tnrnstQes in one day, and our beautiful New South Wales Court proves certainly one of the chief attractions, though at my last visit the expected consignment of silver in ingots had not arrived. It is unfortunate that this has been delayed so long. Nothing impresses John Bull and his 'wife so much as solid gold and silver and precious stones. He floats over the Victorian nuggets and the Cape Colony dia monds, and the rich silver mines of N. -S. Wales ought to have been represented by something more attrac tive than blocks of argentiferous rock, which are caviare to the general public. The grounds ate just now in exquisite beauty. The oink and white chest- . nuts, the May, the labnrnumB, to say nothing of the blaze of budding plants, make the scene look like fairy land, especially when toward nightfall, the gardens are brilliantly lighted with variegated lamps, and the splendid military bands are discours ing their music. Our great annual race on Epsom Downs, though favored with glorious weather, and attended as it deserved to be by countless thousands of holiday makers, was more interesting as a picnic than a race. Both the Derby and Oaks winners, Ormonde and Miss Jummy, were almost foregone conclusions. Ormonde is a grand horse, and if he keeps right has the Leger at his mercy, and will be crowned with the highest honors a horse can hope to attain to. This is the third time the Duke of West minster has won : the Blue Eiband of the turf, and everyone rejoices that such marvellous good luck should have fallen to one of the most excellent and deservedly popular . noblemen of the i&y.; It is a far cry from Epsom races to THE fiAlTATION 'ABUT, who are just now making a tremendous stir in Lon don with an International Congress. Passing Exeter Hall I got wedged in among a solid mass of ' sis ters,' with a sprinkling of brothers,' and had to thank my broad shoulders and the vis inertiae of I had rather not say how many stone to push my way through the crowd which blocked opposite Exeter Hall, the main thoroughfare of the Strand. Before I take a hasty glance at affairs in Europe generally, I should mention the publication, this week, of the new book by the young Princes, Albert Victor and George of Wales, entitled THE CBOISE OF THE BACCHANTE. It will be in the recollection of all your readers that three or four years ago these young midshipmen took a trip round the world in H.M.8. Bacchante, visiting, among other places in Australia, Sydney. I have only been able to give the most haBty glance to the book, which is but just. Out, but I am sure that the expressions of admiration and surprise used by the young princes, who, by the way, were known among their mess-mates as ' BPEAT ' AND ' HtfeEtNG ' as to the glories of Australia, will delight all loyal colonists. I may be pardoned, perhaps, if I consider that a few extracts may be mote interesting to your readers than the perennial words of wisdom and knowledge which distil from my too familiar pen. The volumes, two handsome octavos, are edited and occasionally annotated by. the Bev. J. JNeale Dalton, M.A., the young princeB* chaplain, who accompanied them j but the work is practically the young princes' own, being a transcript of the diaries which they kept on the long- cruise, extending if I remember, from 1879 to 1882, and which they were compelled by the desire of their father, the Prince of Wales, to write up every night before they turned in. It was bis intention to give his sons a mental and moral training — an end which could not have been accom plished otherwise than by requiring- them, while see ing all that was best worth seeing in the world, and especially in the British colonies,. to 'rough it ' like the reet of their shipmates. Says Mr. ualton : ' As long as they were 'on board snip the princes were treated exactly as the other midshipmen, and per formed all the duties which usually fall to their lot ; they took their turn in all weathers, by day or night, at watching or going aloft, at sail drill or boat duty. There was no difference, not even the slichteet of any sort or kind, made between them and their gun-room messmates.' At Barbados they record a characteristic Sunday experience on beard ship : ' For our morning service the Bishop of Barbados came off and preached a compact and rousing little sermon on St. Paul's : ' I keep under my body and bring it into subjection.' He spoke in a moat pug nacious manner of 'hitting under the eye, 'and ' bul lying ' the flesh by self-restraint, temperance, and eelf-denial. The men were very attentive aB he stood up and spoke to them on the Trm-in deck for twenty minutes without note or book.' Sailing midway between St. Lucia and Martinique, the Princes observe with pardonable enthusiasm ?. — ' We should be less than JSnglishmen, less than men, if we did not feel a thrill of pride while sailing here. It was in these waters that Eodney, on the glorious 12th of April, 1782, whe.n he heard that the French, had, at last, come out from Port Royal Bay at Martinique to meet their expected reinforcements, broke Count de Grasse's line (teaching thereby Nel son to do the same in like case), tnok and destroyed eeven Frsnch ships, and scattered th-? rest, prevented the French fleet from joining the Spaniards at St. Domingo — thus saving Jamaica, Barbados, and the -whole West Indies^ and brought about by that single tremendous blow the honorable peace of 1783. The battle' began at seven a.m. and lasted till 6.30 p.m. The Iokb of the English was 261 killed and 837 wounded; the French Iobs was 14,000 taken or killed, and of these 5400 were French troops. On what a scene -of crippled and Binking, shattered and triumphant ships in this very sea must the conqueror have looked round from the Formidable's poop. . .' . . And it is not yet a hundred years since all this was done. The air, yet even in clearest blaze of sunshine, eeems full of ghosts — the ghosts of gallamt sailors and soldiers. Truly here — The spirits of our fathers ^.Miglit start ironi everjr ware ; For the deck it was their field' of fame, And ocean was tlieir grave— i start and ask us, their eons — ' What have yon done with these -islands which we won tor you with pre cious blood ?' And what could we answer ? We have misused them, neglected them, till, at the present mo ment, ashamed of the slavery of the past, and too ig norant and helpless to govern thenl's* a dependency of an over- burdened colonial bureau in London, now slavery is gone, we are half minded to -throw them away again and . ' give' them up, ' no matter much to whom. But was it for this that these islands were taken and xetakeu, till every gnlly and every foot of the ocean bed holes the skeleton of an Englishman ? Was it for this that these seas -were reddened- with the blood of our own forefathers year after year? Did all those gallant souls go down to Hades in vain, and leave nothing for tbe -Englishman bnt the sad and proud memory of their useless valour P' From Gibraltar to Port Mahon (Minoroa), and then to Sicily, sails the Bacchante, and- to -Palermo, Mes sina, and Taormina, on the slopes of Mount Etna* The PrinceB were evidently much interested, as is ehbwn in the following passage, a fair example of descriptions scattered through their volumes:— ' We breakfasted at thckotBl {Belie Vue, Taor mina), and afterwards walked through the town by tiie Saracenic -palace in the market-place, and in front of the church, with its painful statues of aouls enduring the tortnreB of purgatory, up to the peak of Mola, 2083tt. . ... . nnnwAfiae ©lima, and the view looking down oveHfce mountainous valleys, covered with vines and olives, -and away to the sea, was magnificent. We were to have gone tip Monte Venere, but it was too wefc, audits summit wae covered by a cloud. The top of Etna, too, is cloud-covered, but the long and grand slope of itseaBterandesttwteh' ing away np to the spot whence the recent eruption took place, and from which smoke is still issu ing, is clearly visible. . . . . 'We gathered specimens of the three eeveral Jrindspf lava that have been ejected from Etna at various .tunes, and whioh are very diBtinct the one -from the other. We then wentbaxikandup t»^h*€b»ek and Boman Theatre, which was the most interesting thing we saw, It is difficult to say whether the view 'off the terrade on its very summit, looking away towards tie north, or that to the south loolrinp out across the ruined stage, is the more extensive and impressive; below on the left is the sea, Wue and Tsmooth, on the right the mountain ranges, green and brown, in front the red Boman brick and the grey marble of the olaer Greek building; all these colors contrast, and harmoniae together in the foreground, while in the distance rises Etna in its majesty.' The young Princes first acquaintance with the Southern continent was made at Aibsny, in Western .Australia, from thenoe to Melbourne, and a brief extract will «how how their Boyal HSgnneuwa were impressed by the fine Victorian capital:—' This city is just as old as the Queen'tr reign: - It was foundea ml637, and called after Lord Mellxmrnft,*tn» Premier at the 'Queen's accession. It was fhen & few wooden hats and a wooden anarch* with ».JbeU «nsMtaded from a tree. It is now one«f^the two largest mties in the world south of tile «q.uator, the other being Buenos Ayres, end is mve&t;&-oi6y for *I» incite British Empire. . . , $fe*r* if «ny, xifcitt ever attained so great a *il* with snen xapiditar. Old colonists remember cowl bftinfr tied ttpto tito tne» where the Town HaU?icnr«*aa& ; Jandtkat wulbsa &9«gl^dearat£l^U)i^be^iaia;jMftJBS90pw*qiaa1» foot. The iparJra; B4niU*B/.«id gantaia -art to AiutDerousviat^nui onty;j'-&&3Suri3Bn$]f %f 'tits popfe* Jation of London it» osjiWHHtc'Veiir'' fifciflj IwUm into it have congregated one-quarter of the powd»« tion of Victoria, just as in the same way into Lon don are packed one-fifth of the inhabitants of £sg* land. . . Whether it be for the real advantage of either city thus to draw together to itself bo large a proportion of the population may be doubted. The - rapidity of its growth and development is a striking ? proof of what the enterprise of man and the power of - wealth oan effect even in one generation.' We can fully appreciate the remark of Mr. Dalton J - — 'Impressions were produced in the Princes minds at eaoh port whioh will remain to their dying day, and foremost among these are the vivid remem- - branoes of what they saw in Australia, where the ? interest they evinced in different matters connected with the political and commercial development o£ that portion of a United and Greater Britain was ? moBtkeen.' I have not left myself much space to say a few brief words in conclusion upon the general aspect of ASFATES ON THE CONTINENT. Madame la Bepublique is talking of expelling pro? tenders to the throne of France, and there is also ? motion for confiscating their property. I doubt its . '- coming to anything. Anyhow, the Orleans family,* - who are very popular here — Louis Phillipe and bis - sons having resided for several years after the fall of his monarchy at Biohmond— and the exiles would be warmly welcomed in this country. Troublesome little Greece has at last been coaxed into putting down her ' dooks,' as the fancy hath it ~ in merrye England, where, by the way, le boxe is , . evidently reviving as a national pastime forthe lower substratum of rough and black-leg publioanB. The disarmament is progressing rapidly, and ere these lines see the light of print, will no doubt be com pleted. The ostentations display on the restoration of the Russian Fleet, which received so fatal a blow in the Crimean war, and the Czar's ominous speeches then and at Moscow, Beem to indicate, that Booner or later, an armed intervention by Eussia will take place in Bulgaria to crush out perhaps the risinfr liberties of that young principality, and its deroted and courageous ruler, Prince Alexander. The grow ing feeling of jealousy between Austria and Bnsida will, no doubt, some day culminate in a struggle, for the supremacy of the Peninsula. SIB CHABLES DILXE. I do not remember whether! have mentioned in previous letters the sensational divoroe case of Crawford v. Dilke, in which the wife . of an M.P. accused herself to her husband of infidelity to the ex- Cabinet Minister. A decree nisi was granted on her evidence, though Sir Charles Dilke was dismissed from the suit with costs, there being no evidence to criminate. As the thing, stood, with Mrs. Grundy looking over her spectacles at him, this charge ra.ean.-fe, -aaleas disproved, political extinc tion. It notoriously kept him out of the present . Cabinet. He has now, or his friends for himt stirred up the Queen's Proctor to intervene, when he will go into the witness-box and deny upon oath the charges made by Mrs. Crawford, as he has already denied them in the most emphatic terms possible at public meetings of bis constituents. I have always been of opinion that the whole thing was, from beginning to end, an hallucination on the part of an excitable and hysterical woman. I hope sincerely that Sir Charles may be able to whitewash his fly blown charaoter. He is one of the most able and rising of the youngBr Liberal Statesmen, and a Liberal Cabinet can ill ' - spare him from the Treasury benches. [By cable we have learnt that Sir Charles Dilke has been de feated ; also that the proceedings instituted by the Qneen's Proctor have been commenced. — Ed. E. N.} ULSTER IN CANADA. The latest bellicose rumor that appears in the evening papers to-day ib that the Canadian Orangemen have sent a consignment of 300,000 rifles to their brothers in Ulster. So the fire will fly if things come to a rough-and-tumble in Ireland. To-day is poor old King George's birthday, whiohtha Eton boys are celebrating with their usual vigor. His granddaughter has reigned nearly half a century, and the heir presumptive, to his throne has attained to man's estate. Poor honest old ' Farmer George,' he would turn in the royal vault if he could see in Hades a copy of Mr. Gladstone's Home £-ule Bill 1 