The Advertiser TUESDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1886. The discovery of payable alluvial gold on the Teetulpa run is the chief topic of the hour. Excitement runs high, and in all directions and by all sorts of people the new find is being discussed with the keenest interest. The steps taken by the discoverers, Messrs. Brady and Smith, hare tended to bring the new field rapidly into prominence. The ordinary digger who finds a patch of piyable gold is not usually in a hurry to spread the news of his success. He works the patch as secretly as lie can, and seeks to put as much as possible of the gold that awaits unearthing into his own pockets. The offer of rewards for the discovery of payable alluvial fields, as provided under the (rold Mining Act of 18Sj, must be, however, a great temptation to the prospector who believes he his found a rich and extensive field to report it early to the Government The maximum reward of £1,000, for which Messra. Brady and Smith have put in their claim, is payable for the discovery of a gold field more than SO miles from the scene of any previous find ot payable gold, and on which six months after the discoverers bare reported there shall be not less than 000 miners at work. The full reward that baa been claimed will not there fore be paid unices the Teetulpa field is worked successfully for at least six: months; but that the original finders should e<> promptly have nude their claim is at least a proof of their own confidence in the resources of the field. The news which has ihus far bean received augurs well for the permanency of the new gold workings. The richness of the gully now being developed is undoubted. But it is only a small part of an immense area of country known to be auriferous, and. competent authorities appear to be unanimous that the prospects before the alluvial digger over a wide tract are highly favorable. From responsible public officials like the Government Geologist and the Warden of Goldfields cautious reports would naturally be expected. As a matter of fact their reports, if not enthusiastic, are marked by an exceedingly sanguine tone, and go far to confirm the general belief that the Teetulpa find is one of exceptional pro mise. The announcements of the result of the few days' working by the nugget seekers are sufficient of themselves to have an almost magical effect upon the public mind. At any time the news o" gold picked np on the surface without th j aid of water would tend greatly to in flame the imagination and to inspire exaggerated hopes of easily - acquired wealth. When depression has for so long frowned upon the country and its people it is not surprising that such in telligence should be welcomed even more ardently than usual. The facts as yet ascertained will not justify the glowing expectations that are entertained by some, but at any rate they warrant a reasonable hope that the Teetulpa goldfield is the most genuine and valuable alluvial find which has thus far been reported in the colony. The centre of the operations now In progress is a dry gully of somewhat limited extent. Here the richness of the auriferous deposits has been proved to demonstration. With auch primitive appliances as knives, and without the use of water, the diggers have extracted, considering the short time they hare been at work, antutonisb. irq quantity of gold. The stuff even at the surface has yielded nuggets, and in no case is deep sinking needful. So far merely the precious metal showing itself to the eye has been taken out of the slaty bsd rock, and the wash-dirt now thrown aside by the diggers until water can be con veniently obtained has yet to be tested for the gold which it no doubt contains. The null that has set in to the new field is already assuming large proportions. For the present the Mannahill gold reefs are practically deserted, and from the northern townships and Silverton new parties of gold-seekers arc daily starting. It is quite certain that the field will in a week or so bo the scene of a large population, and that its auriferous resources will be subjected to a thorough trial. But while there are good grounds for hoping that the test will be followed by satisfactory results it is de sirable that the importance of the present discovery should not be unduly exag gerated. Although appearances are favor able throughout a considerable tract of country, yet of the whole only a small portion has been systematically pro spected. The gully where payable gold lias been obtained is comparatively limited, and to this the operations of the diggers are now almost solely confined. A large addition to their numbers will lead to the rapid exhaustion of the first tested portion of the field, and it remains to be eeen whether other gullies will be found capable of yielding as satisfactory returns. Visitors and diggers both, however, spsak highly of the prospects in other parts. The gully at present worked is but one of many presenting similar or even better indications of the precious metal. It is not probable that only a solitary payable alluvial patch should exist on the *J eetulpa run ; and certainly if there are others of equal value vigorous prospecting -n ill soon bring them to light. One of the most pressing needs of the field is water. Without a plentiful supply of this the development of alluvial operations is im possible ; but as water can be obtained in sufficient quantity by sinking, the want of it is not likely to prove a serious difficulty fcr very long. The action of the Commis sioner of Crown Lands in dispatching a party of well-Binkers to the field was both wise and timely. There will soon be a large population on Ihe spot to whom water will be an absolute necessity, both for domestic purposes and for the manipulation of the wash-dirt raised from their claims. Private enterprise will do i&uch; to meet the requirements of the situation, but Government aid ought sot to be grudged. There can be no doubt that the colony is deeply inte rested in the success of the field. Messrs. Brady 'and Smith will be lucky men if they can earn the £1,000 reward; but provided that they satisfactorily establish their claim no bonus could be more cheerfully paid than this will be. In one respect the new field is excep tionally favored. Access to it is neither difficult nor specially expensive. The new railway to tilverton will carry those who wish to try their fortunes at gold digging by far the greater part of the dis tance. Provisions at the scene of opera tions will, of course, be dearer than in the established centres of settlement, but the cost will probably not be excessive, and competition will gradually reduce it. To those who have the qualifications for a diggers life, and are not afraid to " rough it," the inducements offered for a trial of the new field arc undoubtedly great, and in comparison with those presented by the Kimberley district almost irresistible. Gold is a powerful attraction to all classes, and the prospect of obtaining it easily exercises on some a sort of fatal fascination. It is well to bear in mind that although the Teetulpa goldfield has apparently a prosperous future before it, sotbiag has yet transpired to justify an indiscriminate rush. A woid of caution seems necessary to coun teract the disposition that may exist to make great sacrifices in order to get to the field. On the other hand, however, the prospects are enmciently cheering to warrant those who have a little capital sufficient for their support, should success not immediately reward their venture, to make trial of the diggings. All diggers cannot do equally well, and for some who may go with slender resources and less practical experience disappointment may ba in store. Whatever the result of a more extended working of the field may be, we cannot doubt that it will be made. The promise is good, and we can only ho:>e that the meult will be as satisfactory. The iuctvss of alluvial workings will not merely enable many hundreds of diggers to bo profitably employed, but will inevitably give an impetus to the develop ment of the auriferous reefs in the Wauka ringa district. The gold-mining industry in this colony is still in its infaucy, hut with enterprise and capital to aid it there is reason to brlieve that it may yet prove a valuable source of wealth and prosperity to the people. Tin: annual publication of liayter's Aus tralasian Statistics presents an excellent means of marking the progress of the colonies, and, coming just now for the present year, may serve usefully to re mind those who seem disposed to look at the gloomy side of things, and to talk as if the days of prosperity for these colonies were past, that the hard logic of facts is decidedly against them. Not that every line in these interesting figures is what we should desire it to be. On the con trary, there are indications sufficiently plain of the check that has recently been received in respect to some of the interests that are of first moment to the Austral asian community as a whole. In stock and produce the late drought has had the effect of diminishing the wealth of the colonies. But notwithstanding this the statistics as a whole testify of progress, and when compared with those of some few years back vividly set forth a state of growth that is truly astonishing, One circumstance must deprive South Australians of some amount of the in tere?t usually attaching to these tables, and that is that the statistics relating [to the pastoral and agricultural interests of this colony are not those of hist year, but of the j ear before—the same in fact as appeared in the last annual statement. This is the result of what we cannot but regard as the mistaken economy of our Government in declining to collect the necessary information. It may be per fectly true that the state of the exchequer demands the utmost care in all matters of expenditure, and also that the statistics if collected would not have been of a particularly gratifying kind; but we do not think (hat either or loth of these considerations will be regarded as sufficient justification for blotting out South Australia from the record for the year. Besides the fact that we Icse whatever advantage accrues from unbroken continuity of record, the failure to represent the existing state of things can scarcely be regarded by outside people as other than a bad sign. And by a course that appears to signify either that we are too poor to collect the information, or else that we are anxious to conceal the truth, damage may be done to the credit and reputation of the colony. Notwithstand ing the drawback thus indicated these taldea are very instructive and afford much food for reflection. The true progress of the colonies cannot be understood by the positive statement of facts as they are to-day, nor by the comparison of the state of things now and as they were a year ago. Such statement or comparison may, though perfectly correct, lead to very erroneous conclusions, and it is only when a series of years is taken that a true estimate of the progress that Is going on can be made. Hayter'? Australasian Statistics have now been Issued for thirteen successive years, and the present tables, interesting as they are in themselves, become more so when com pared with those of earlier years of the publication. Thus for example we find that the increase of population during this period has been no less than 57 per cent. The figures stand thus: — 1885 3,335,000 1873 2,100,000 Increase ... 1,235,000 Tlie estimated population of Victoria on Slat December last was 991,809, of New South Wales 957,914, and of South Aas tralia 313,423. The following note is attached, which perhaps will indicate to the reader that there may possibly be a spice of Victor! in par tiality in Mr. Hayter's method. "In making up the estimates of population in New South Wales and South Australia allowance has been made for unrecorded emigration. If this allowance had not been made the population of New South Wales would have been set down as 980,573, and that of South Australia as 319,7<K)." So far as South Australia is concerned, however, whether the estimate be exactly correct or not, it is probably substantially just. The increase of popu lation in South Australia for the period referred to is 115,000. Facts like these ought to check the gloomy forebodings of those who, observing only that in some respects the circumstances of the moment are not so encouraging ai at some previous , periods, are in danger not only of losing all confidence in the future themselves, but of disseminating their own uuhopef ul views. The career of no community can be one of equal and unbroken progress; but surely the people who in a period of 12 years increased by more than 50 per cent, need scarcely trouble themselves very much should they find that for any one or two particular yean the rate of in crease is not fully maintained. The trade of these colonies, likewise, is not only vast in actual proportions, but enormous in growth. For the year under review in Mr. Hayter's latest statistics the total Australasian exports are set down at £51,553,480, and the imports at £03,2€8,491. A great difference between the relative amount of exports and im ports in the various colonies is noticeable, and will no doubt exercise the ingenuity of political economists to make the facts square with their own particular theories. Just now we must be content to note the facts, and leave our readers to draw their own inferences. Thus, Vic toria liad exports to the value of £15,551.000, and imports £18,044,000 ; but New South Wales had £10,541,000 exports, and £23,305,000 imports. In South Australia the exports were slightly in excess of the im port*, the value of the former being £5,030,000, and of the latter £5.548,000. This, however, was the only colony in which exports exceeded imports in value. As showing the growth of commerce during the last 12 years it may suffice to refer to the three above-named colonies. In Vic toria the increase on ?nnn?l imports has been £1,500,000, and on exports only £250,000 ; bat in New South Wales the imports have actually increased by £12.280,000, and the exports by £4,700,0C0. In our own colony the im ports have increased by £1,700,000, and the exports by £1,050,000. The public revenue last year for all the colonies was £24,000,000, as against £13,000,000 in 1.573. Even in stock, in spite of all the reverses caused by the late drought, there is substantial increase, the number of sheep having during the period risen from 57,000,000 to 82,000,000, and cattle from 5,500,000 to 8,0?S,000. The average produce of wheat varies very greatly in the several colonies, being set down as follows : — New Zealand, 24 40 bushels per acre; Tas mania, 17"'S4 ; Western Australia, 11-50 ; New South Wales, 10 32 ; Victoria, 8*99 ; South Australia, 7 53 ; and Queensland, s*ll. The total amount of wheat pro duced also greatly diners, for in South Australia the laud under crop to wheat approaches two million acres, in Victoria it exceeds one million, but in New South Wales it only reaches a little over a quarter of a million, la public expenditure the parent colony heads the list with some thing over £'7,537,000, Victoria makes a good second with over £0,140,000, while after New Zealand and Queensland, South Australia takes fifth place with £2,454,000. But South Australia is fourth in the list if the expenditure per head is taken as the test, the amount being £7 16s. lOd., as against Western Australia, £9 Is- 4d.; Queensland, £9 os. 7d.; New South Wales, £8 la. lid. Tasmania manages to get along in a very economical fashion, spending only £4 Bs. Bd. per head, and Victoria only reaches £0 7s. lid. In the table under taxation per head South Aus tralia stands in the enviable position of being taxed most lightly, the amount being £2 7s. lid.; New South Wales runs us close with £2 8s sd. Then comes Victoria with £2 13a. Id ; Tasmania reaches £2 15s. 5d.; New Zealand, £3 14s. Id.; Queensland, £3 15s. 5d., and Western Australia £4 ss. 7d. So that it will be seen that at present at least it can scarcely be said that in this particular South Australians have any reason to complain. Amendment Bill, in committee, clause 14. In the House of Assembly the most prominent orders of the day are the consideration of the Stamp Duties BUI and the Crown Lands Cju eclidaticn BilL So far as the former is con cerned it may be expected that there will be considerable discussion in committee. Oa Wednesday Mr. Scherk will move—"Thatthe fares of the men who are employed at the Goreramcut workshops, at Islington, be re duced as follows:—Between Adelaide and Islington, from 7?. Cd. to ss. per month; between North Adelaide and Islington, from 6s. to 3s. 9d. per nionth; between Ovingham and Islington, from 3s. to 2a. 6d. per month." Mr. Bagot will more—"That, in the opinion of this House, compensation for the full term of bis employment by the Government should be paid to Mr. Jonathan Rogers, late assis tant engineer in the south- eak." Following on this are a number of orders of the day, and we understand that a determined effort will be made to dispose of some of them. Referring to the gold discovery at the Peakp Mr. F. S. Andrews, postmaster, telegraph* as follows to Mr. H. L. Brown (Government Geologist):—"Biddle reports sunk two hales on the flat, 12 and 15 feet. Reached boulders and gravel; could not bottom for water. Hope to bottom next week. River falling rapidly. Gold acro?? the river to trigonometrical station ; think good surface, bat had no time yet. Will try this week. With proper utensils could have got more gold. Have followed instructions as to trying different places on opi?osite side of river. Have not prospected much, but found large quantities of ruby tin in washing. Biddle'e claim (quartz) large reef, good leaders. Wants fortnight's suspension till finished pro specting. Requests yon to secure his claim." The R.M.S. Tasmania reached Albany last night, and may therefore be expected at Glenelg during Thursday morning. The exodus of persons from Port Adelaide by sea during the week that ended Saturday, October 16, exceeded the influx by 67. The departures numbered 320. of whom 298 em barked for Melbourne, 15 for New South Wales, 4 for Marseillesl, and 3 for Mauritius. Of the 253 arrivals 17G came from Melbourne, 67 from Albany, and 10 from London. Six tenders were receivedai the Government Offices on Monday for painting externally the Supreme. liocal, and Police Courts, the lowest being that of Mr.E.T.Troy. Fivetenderswere received for providing and erecting about 422 feet of cast- iron fencing, on dwarf walling, with wrought-iron gates, at the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition, that of Win. Rogers being! the lowest. The following are the probates and letters of administration granted daring the week ending Monday, October IS:—Probates—John Murray. Murray Vale, Mount Crawford, £150,070; J. G. Naffin, Norwood, £350. Let ters of Administration—R. E. McEUister, Hamlty Bridge, £130; Lisetta Stegen, near, RosenthaU £120; Geo. Radford, Koarlunga, £535; P. J. O'Mahony, Hawker, £150. We observe that the Australasian Banking and Insurance Record reprints the whole of the eperch of the Hon. J. W. Downer, delivered in the House of Assembly on September 22, on the proposition to establish a national bank of issne. It says:—"This speech is undoubtedly the ablest Parliamentary deliverance on a very important subject that h*B ever been delivered in the colonies. Its facts are indisputable and well arranged, its arguments unanswerable." The city coroner made enquiries on Sunday morning relating to the somewhat sudden death of Mr. Frederick SD&rshott;, of Thebarton, an old sad respected colonist. It was found that he had been suffering from paralysis for some time, and as Dr. Magarey (his medical attendant) was absent from the colony tha friends of deceased were unable to obtain a certificate. The coroner without hesitation gave one, and the fuaeral took place on Sun day afternoon. Four of the South Australian delegates to the General Synod of the Anglican Church of Australia and Tasmania left by the steamer Adelaide en route for Sydney on Saturday. They were Bishop Reunion and the Rerg. B. C. Stephenson (bishop's chaplain), F. S. Poole. andF. T. Whitington. Archdeacon Fan-and Canon Howell proceed overland to-day, and in tbe course of a day or two the remainder will start. The synod meets in Sydney on Tues day next. A fatal accident occurred under very dis- ' tresrirg circumstances on Monday evening in a email street oS Gilbert street. Frederick Harrison, a drayman, was engaged in removing furniture, and had with him bis son, Walter Edward, aged two years. Hewaswalkingbythe side of the dray, carrying the child in his arm* witfa the intention of placing it in tbe vehicle, and he wa* just lifting it no when be mused his footing and stntcbled. In recovering hirrnelf be accidentally let the child fall, with the remit that it received such injuries to the head that it died almost immediately. Dr. Robertson was called in, the city coroner was informed, and an inquest will be held to-day. A largely attended meeting of tbe Austral asian Institution of Marine Engineers, Port Adelaide district, was held at the Railway Hotel, Fort Adelaide, on Monday evening, under the presidency of Mr. J. Moukhouse, at which an interesting paper on "The action of the elide valve as employed on steam-engines in general was read by Mr. Hugh A. Gar- Jatd. The subject was entered deeply into, and the great benefits to be obtained from the true adjustment of slide valves on engines were carefully explained. A discussion followed tbe reading of the essay, which had been attentively littened to throughout. Mr. Gar land was accordid a hearty vote of thanks. The fortnightly meeting of the committee of the Charity Organisation Society was held on. Monday afternoon, when them was a moderate attendance, Mr. M. H, Madge presiding. Several sub committees were appointed. The eecretary's report stated :—" lam happy to be able to report a very great diminution in tha number of applications for relief, as will be 6ren from the following synopsis of cases for September:—Referred to employment com mittee, 2; ladies' committee, 4; Destitute Board. 3; other organisations, 7; relieved. 27; loans, 4; refused, 19; total applications,'6l." The following ie the financial statement for Srpbmber :—Subscriptions, £141 4s. 6d.; lraos repaid, £S 17e.: total, £153 Is. 6a. Expenditure—Relief, £1S 155.; loans, £fi 55,; Fpecial fund*. I*l 13s. Cd.; expenses. £16 o*. 10d.; total, £42 14s. 4d. " When in Adelaide," states the Melbourne Argus, "the Xew South Wales water com musioners discussed with leading gentlemen there the quest'on of the proposed agreement between Victoria and New South Wales for the control of the Murray River. There is same strong feeliDg in South Australia on the sub ject, and the commissioners assured the centlemen referred to that there was no in tention whatever to interfere with the rights of South Australia. They pointed out that in their second report it is stated that each colony mnst be allowed to deal with tha tributaries of tbe Murray in such manner as would best conduce to its development, 'with the sole reservation that a certain proportion of the water contained in those streams must be allowed to flow into the Murray.' By this means the residents on the banks of the Murray, or of any of its tributaries, will be compensated, or more correctly speaking, protected from injury which would be inflicted upon them if works for storage higher up the stream were to impound the whole supply. 'A just appli cation of this principle,' it was added, 'will safeguard the rights of South Australia, which we recognise to be as valid as our own.' Mr Donkin thinks that at the confe rence which is to take place the question will be settled to the satisfaction of all parties. Whatever is done at the head works mast, it i is contended, benefit South Australia, and when the scheme is fully explained there will, it is believed, be no objection raised to is by tbe Government of that colony. The reason South Australia was not in the first instance consulted by the joint commission of Near South Wales and Victoria was that they were dealing entirely with the waters at the head of the Murray." A meeting of the South Australian branch of tbe Federated Seamen's Union was held in tbe Trades' and Friendly Societies' room. Port Adelaide, on Monday evening. Mr. H. J. Pudney (president) occupied the chair, and Ibf re was a good attendance of members. The secretary (Mr. F. J. Morris) reported that in accordance with instructions he bad had cir culars printed with reference to the formation of a Maritime Labor Council at Port Adelaide, end copies had been sent to the Working Men's Association, Coasting Seamen's Union, Stewards' and Cooks' Union,- Licensed Carters' Association, and the Shipwrights' Union. Tbe circular was worded as follows: —"I have been instructed by my society to request the co-operation of your association to establish a maritime labor council in Port Adelaide. Victoria and New South Wales have already formed such councils, and I am informed that Queensland also has or is abont to form one. The advantages from such an organisation would be many, and only need to be known to recommend themselves. The object of such a council is to form a deliberative and representative body possessed of a special knowledge of the matters coming under its cognisance, and which by combining the whole of our power we shall be enable! more effectually to carry to a successful ueae any reasonable reforms we shall deem necessary. There are many signs of a straggle between capital and labor, particularly in the & hipping industry, and there is no better w?y of keeping things going peacefully than by btiDg well prepared for war. My society requests me particularly to point ont the (treat advantage of uniting tbe whole of our forces, and although some may remark that having always been able to hold our own in the past, there is no reason to make altera tions, still I may be pardoned foe pointing out that in the past we have cot had any combined resistance to contend with. Such, however, will not be the case i the future, for we have seen already in Victori two combined efforts to drive the wage-earner to the wall, as one of the employers said at on of tbeir meetings. The council will be in expensive in character, as after it is onsa formed on a sound basis it will not require to meet oftener than once a month, excepting in troublesome times. I should consider that one or at the most two delegates from each society will be sufficient to form the council, but all matters of detail may be left for tha consideration cf tbe first delegates. I shall be obliged if you will let me know at your earliest convenience if your society is favorable, and if co what method of starting will be the best." A meeting of the Adelaide School Board of A i vice was held at the Training College, Grote-street, on Monday evening. Tdere were present: — Messrs. J. L. Bonytion {chairman}, A. Adamssn, J. Anderson, W. Bickford, and F. P. G. McCrae. Applications for free education were granted, and a number of cases of irregular attendance dealt with. The latter were principally connected with Catholic schools of the city. It was de cided to pay an official visit to the Flinders street school on Monday next, when the Minister of Education and the Treasurer, as member for East Adelaide, have promised to accompany the board, A correspondent writing from Kingston on October l(i Bays:—"l visited the drainage works here to-day. There are only 15 men employed on them at present, and these ate engaged in clearing out the creek near the township. The bottom of the creek is hard rock, and dynamite has to be used. When the creek is cleared out, which will be in a fortnight's tune, the dam of sandbags which is keeping the water back will be removed, and. the work will be suspended for a few days to let the water through. A large number of men will then be taken on to continue the main drain acrossthe fiats for several miles. The main camp is six miles from the township, but there are no men camped there at present. The men now working are all boarding in the town ship. A camp consisting of seven tents has teen erected in the township fjr the accommo dation of any of the unemployed who may be sent up from Adelaide. I visited Mount Benson on Thursday last. It is beautiful country around the mount, which is 16 miles from Kingston and 11 from Robe. A large number of selections have been taken np lately in the district, and also near Kingston, under the leasing clauses of the Land Act Same of the land has been let at 2d. per acre per annum. I aaw several working men in Kingston earnestly dealing to be taken on tbe works, but they were informed that no more men could be accepted until the water was let off. Some of them had travelled a loDg distance, and were very much dis appointed because they were not taken on. The contemplated expenditure of £13,000 on this drainage scheme is patting life and energy into the residents of Kingston, who do not intend to be behind other places in matters of public interest A public meeting is to be held on Friday evening next for the purpose of forming an agricultural and putoraf society to arrange for a Bhow to be held in the township. The snip CoUingwood is laying out abaut two miles from the jetty, loading wool for liondon." The Australasian says:—"Sir John Cooda has disappointed the good people of Adelaide. They required of him designs for an artificial harbor, which should give berth ing accommodation for tie largest steamers visiting Australians ports—ln fact ba as netful as Hobson's Bay, and S3 beautiful as Port Jackson. He has done his best for them according to their means, bat the smooth-water basin shown on bis plans looks co small and insignificant that they seem very much disposed to toss these plans out of the window, and bid tha {great engineer come near t^ipm no more. South Australia possesses one or two admir able harbors, but they are wrongly placed. If the coast maps conld be reconstructed in the light of modem requirements the Gulf of St. Vincent would be contracted to an estuary, and Kangaroo Island would be drawn nearer to the mainland, bo as to shut oat the south-westerly swell. Adelaide, which ought to be overlooking a landlocked haven, ia unapproachable by water from any direction. The P. and O. steamers anchor off Glenelg-, exposed to the ocean swell, and send their passengers and cargo ashore in boats, whence they are curied to Adelaide by rail. The only enclosed water available for shipping is the hook-shaped creek or inlet running up from tbe open roadstead known as Larga Bay to Port Adelaide. It is the River Yarra in miniature, as wide, and deep, and tortuous, but not so long nor so picturesquely studded along its banks with bjne mills and soap factories. On the bar tbe water shoals to 18 feet, which, of course, shuti out all steamers of large capacity and mail- carrying dignity. Two schemes suggestei themselves to Sir John Coode. One wai to try and "inVn a fafe harbor at Laigs Bay by running three protecting piers ont from the shore co as to enclose a sheltered area and pro vide berthing pltces for steamers of the ton nage of the Austral and the Rome. The cost of tbe work, however, would be a million and a quarter, and when completed it would not give universal satisfaction- Sir John Coode prefers utilising the Port River as an easier, cheaper, and more business-like undertaking. His proposal is to confine the waterway between training walls at tbe entrance, deepen the channel within the bar to 30 feet, and build a long line of wharfs. The Port River, which already gives accom modation to intercolonial steamships and large sailing ships is, in short, to be reshaped, deepened, and made a safe and roomy shelter icc-ground for vessels of every size. If this could be done for £203,000 or £300,000 the South Australians would be delighted, but it will cost £950,000, and for snch a large outlay as that they want a harbor which shall be handsome tojook at." We extract the following from tbe Mel bourne Leader :—"The report of the Rev. J.- E. Tt niton Woods on the mineral resources of tbe Korthern Territory is an interesting docu ment. This well known scientist has established a claim to be listened to with respect, and the public may rest assured that when he commits himself to piper it is not without having first well weighed bis conclusion*. When dealing with the possible future of a country there is always a disposition to exaggerate, bat there is no leafon to doubt the opinion of the reverend gentleman that the deposits of gold, silver, and copper in the peninsula west of the Golf of Carpentaria are of enormous extent and value. JTo w that thecolony of South Australia is under a temporary cloud it is pleasant to beable to look forward to a period when the development of its varied resources will plage it on a level with the most fortunate member of the Australian group. Mr. Woods also deals with the notable irflox of Chinese into the Northern Territory. He recognises in this an evil and a danger, and he recommends that it should be restricted within natrow bounds, if not prohibited alto gether. The Celestial Empire contains a popn lation of 360,000,000 of people. Ever since the English opium war there nasbeen a stream of Chinese emigrants from tbe treaty ports to various parts of the world. It is in America that the 'Chinese question' has assumed the mest serious proportion?. In defence of the ' Heathen Chinee' in the United SUtes it has been said that he keeps to one or two occupa tion?, such as laundry work and domestic service. This is very far, however, from being the fact. The Mongolian immigrant has an encroaching humility which enables him to successfully insinuate himself into every <yJlinf> in which be sees an opening; and his shrewd ness, toughness of physique, and rare ciptcity for work and economical living tender him a most formidable competitor against European tradesmen, cultivators and handi craftsmen. In San Francisco he may be eeen working at trades 16 and 18 hours a day;* Jn the Malay Archipelago and in Sicgapore Chinese merchants are driving away English and American firms. Large numbers of the Chinamen who went to Cuba as 'con tracted' coolies or slaves have risen in a few years to be owners of wholesale mercantile houses. This may be taken as an indication of what may happen in Queensland should 'con tracted' Chinamen be brought there to work tbe sugar plantations. In an industrial war of this tort it is clear that the European is too heavily handicapped. The few Chinamen we have in Australia at present need give no cause for alarm, but we cordially endorse the opinion of Mr. Woods that their emigration to this part of the world should be restrictel within narrow bounds." f Under tbe charge of Mr. H.]P. Gill the School of Design connected with the Public Library, Museum, and Art Gallery, ha 3 become very popular and successful. Recently the master has initiated several new branches of the school, which should add greatly to its attractiveness. A building construction class has been formed, which, it ia expected, will be attended by a large number of persons anxious for a practical knowledge of this subject. With a view to the efficient conducting of this class tbe fine arts committee have appointed Mr. John Thompson lecturer and instructor, and be will deliver during tbe session a course of lectures bearing on the subject, tbe synopsis including all its impor tant branchesl, such as the rules for setting out building", the construction of founda tions and w-alling, windows, chimneys, and joitting, and similar matters of great im portasce to both draughtsmen and artisans. The machine construction class, which has also been established, is under the charge of Mr. R. A. White as lecturer. The preliminary lecture wa? given on Wednesday evening, when Mr. White opened the subject of "Gearing." to which he intends to devote attention during the course. There conld ba no subject more impoitant to the mechanic or mechanical engineer than this, and yet it is one in a practical knowledge of which tn*ny engineers, though possessing great theoretic il acquaintance, are frequently wanting. The various branches of the subject of gearing to be. dealt with during the course comprise the study of motive power, wheels, shafts, riggm, or pulleye, keys lor wheels, ?ad other kindred matter. Lecturers ot such practical ability as these two gentlemen must of course be able to give valuable training to those engaged in any branch of the building or engineering trajes, and it is to be hoped that the classes will be well supported. No one is allowed to join either class before he has a knowledge of design sufficient to enable him to follow the lecturer's instructions without requiring an explanation of the processes and thereby wasting' time. Yet a third branch of practical instruction has been entered upon by Mr. Gill. This is a class for ornamental pottery which was opened last Wednesday evening. Confident of obtaining a good at tendance at Euch a class the board of governors of the Public .Library authorised the purchase of a potter's wheel, the engagement of a practical potter, and the devotion of a room is tiie Public Library to the special use of the class. As this description of work consists chiefly of glazed pottery which requires greater heat than any other sort, arrange ments have been made with Mr. W. Shearing, st Hindmareb, for the erection of a t peciil kiln, but Mr. Gill intends trying some experiments in glazing and decorated work before this h finally built The coarse of in stanclion will embrace all the branches of the ceramic art. The ornamentation of both glazed and nogiazed earthenware, and the painting of the former, will be dealt with, and a class so attractive as this should not fail to be as well patronised as Mr. Gill expects it to be. The sailing of the steamer Albany for Mel bourne via Kingston has been postponed until this afternoon. We are informed that those managing the exhibition to be opened in the Town Hall on Friday have dispatched an agent to the Xeetulpa goldfield, and hope to nare a good display of nuggets at the exhibition. We hear that a requisition is being name roualy signed by ratepayers of Glenelg re questing Councillor C. M. Muirbead to allow himself to be nominated as mayor for that town for the ensuing year, j ' The city coroner (Mr. T, Ward) has received from the North Adelaide police a bag of human bone?, which were found in the neigh borhood of Prospect. They were removed to the city morgue, and on examination of the ekull and other parts it was clear that they ?weie the bone? of an aboriginal, probably those of a young woman. Mr. J. G. O. Tepper, F.L S., delivered his lecture on " The mimicry of insects" on Mon day evening in the Congregational Lecture- Ball, Hindmarsb, in connection witn the local Young Men's Society. The address wa3 closely listened to throughout, and at its close a hearty vote at thanks was accorded to Mr. Tepper. There was a good attendance on the occasion, and Mr. Joseph Vardon pleaded. A requisition is being taken round for signa ture at Port Adelaide with the object of in ducing the mayor of the town (Mr. S. Matin) to allow himself to be nominated for the posi tion for the eniuing year. It is being very numerously signed. The councillors have promised Mr. Mi i j their support in the event of his consenting to s'.and. There appears to be very little likelihood of any opposition. < There was but a moderate attendance at the Port Adelaide Town Hall on Monday evening to witness a performance by Troy Knight's ' Mohawk Variety Troops of minstrels. The various numbers were successfully rendered, and Mr. It M. Tier for his comic songs was re called. The company will appear at the Port again to night, upon which occasion the prices of admission will be reduced. On Monday even'ng the cantata " The Lion of Jcriah" was repeated in the Bible Christian Church, Bowden, before a moderate audience, j The principal vocalists were Misses Rimes, ' Keen, Hattams (2), £. Bennett, A. Bassett, and Messrs. A. Povall, C. Buhop, W. Gibson, jnn , E. J. and E. H. S. Coombe, Mr. B. Gould was the conductor; Mr. T. Grigg, leader of the band; and Mr. A. Puddy, pianist. j The following- ara the players selected to re- 1 present the Goodfellow C.C. Association against the S. A.C.A. on Saturday next on the Adelaide Oval :—No. 1 Association—A. ' Monck, J. Greayer, T. Phillips. A. J. Wat- ! aon, C. Miller, W. Selway, G. Parkin, F. Adams, T. T. Lucas, D. Bauans, H. J. Day, G. Sketbeway, D. Henry, W. Smith, andF. Lin dow; emergency—Barnes, Leik. No. 2 Ai wociifinn— J. O'flallotan, F. Chapman, N. Richard*, R. Coonan, W. Beckwith, M. Con nolly, W. Townley, J. Bushell, F. Birrell, H. Richaide, E. J. Wheaton, \V. Sawter, P; McGrath. T. BtndaU, and W. Dixon; emer Watson, Shadand. We understand that arrangements have been made for a debate between Mr. M. Wood Green, Christian minister, and Mr. Isaac Seiby, Freethought lecturer, to take place early next month, and occupying six eveoings. Tbe folio *iag propositions form the subjects of debate: —1. "la eecnlarum superior to Christianity as*fl ameliorator of mankind?'' ] (Mr. L Selby to affirm); and 2. "la Chris tianity of Divine origin?" (Mr. M. Wood i Green to affirm). Each proposition will occupy three erenisga, and the net proceeds will be handed over to augment tile funds of the Borne for Incurables. A very success "ul cake fair was held at Burnaide on Saturday in aid of the funds of the local Church of England, Mr. G?rber kindly lent his large store situated in the High-street for tile purpose, and the room was crowded during the afternoon and evening. The following ladies ably presided over the different stalls:—MecdameaSmythe, Doyle, St. B. Miller. Sanders, Wills, Bonney, H. Egerton-Warburton, and Newman, and the Missel Sanders, Dodd, Doyle, M. Casenagb, A. Sanders, and Wade. After expenses have been paid £36 will be handed over for the new church aa the result of the fair. The Snowball Variety Troupe gave a suc cessful entertainment at the Unley Town Hall on Monday evening. There was a very Urge attendance, standing room being readiiy availed of. The mam portion of the proceed ings consisted of the minstrel business, selec tions of vocal and instrumental mueic, clog dancing, and two laughable farces, in which the following took part:—Messrs. P. Mvhill (taifcbo), J. Cleary (bones), E. A. Cleaveland interlocutor), T. Te?le, W. Horeell. F. Kiofr, P. McCardtU, C. Miller, G. Saunders, N. Paasmoie, Stow, and W. Bradley. Mr. T. TFeale was very successful in his song " Excel sior," while Mr. P. Myhill seemed to throw meniment into everything in which be appealed. Tee clog dancing of P. McCardell and C Miller is deserving of mention. The entertainment was bronght to a conclusion with the farce "Thompson's Ghost," the various characters being creditably sustained by members of the company. The following orders were issued to the V.M.F. from the Staff Office on Monday :— "There will be a field day and sham fight on Tuesday, November 9 next, in which it his been arranged that H.M.CS.Protectorand the Naval Force shall take part; the locality fixed upon is the neighborhood of Lugs Fort. A detailed programme will be published before the end of the month. The troops will leave Adelaide com mencing about 9.30 a.m., and arrive at Adelaide on their return about 7 p.m., or possibly earlier. Officers command ing troops, batteries, and companies will please send in without delay to the Acting D.A A. General the number of officers and men likely to take part in the fieid-day. These returns most be at the Staff Office by the 25th instant at the latest in order that the necessary arrangements may be made." Orders have also been issued to the 8.V.F.. who will take part in the manu-uvrea. Arrangements will be made for special trains to convey country corps to and from the city on the day. Returns as to R. V.F. companies mutt be at the Staff Office not later than October 30. Special services in connection with the Weeleyan Jubilee were held in the Unley Wedeyan Church on Sunday, when appro priate sermons were preached by the Rera. C. T. Newman and S. Knight to large and appre ciative congregations. On Monday a pab'.ic tea and meeting were held, both of which were well attended. The Rev. EL T. Burgess, patter of the church, conducted the meeting, at which the Rev. C. T. Newman (general ju&ilee; secretary) end the Rev. U. M. Hunter attended as ? deputation. The Rev. R. M. Hunter de livered an earnest address, particularly directed to toe need of tbe pfople having- more hope and greater faith in the future of the colony. Mr. Newman in a lengthy but earnest address spoke upon the great rued that existed in the present day for the development of character by young men. He was personally glad that tee jubilee fear had come when the people of the colony were all complaining bitterly cf tbe dulness of things, and what stuns weie given now would be more highly piized than if given in mire flourish ing tio.es. As a result of his appeal a eonrideratie sum was raised toward* the juSDee fnrji*. The chursh was most taste fully decorated with flowers and evergreens, and around the communion rail were arranged several pot-plants in full bloom, kindly lent by Mrs. Simon Harvey, which added greatly to the attractiveness of the church. The choir rendered appropriate anthems at each service in a pleanng manner, Mr. E. Broad presiding *t tbe organ. We have had the pleasure of inspecting a very fine as ortment of Christmas and New YS?'f ew?* Pi, 0* Co^inS BeaTOB a* the es tablishment of Messrs. G.lfi. Wills &Co; All the principal British, American, and Con tinental maken.are represented in the collec tion, including Messrs. Davidson Bros, whose imitation photograph* are marvellous; LowelL of Boston, whose steel engraving! are obtain ing a high reputation ; Pouton, whose beautiful photographs, colored with transparent dyes, bare always taken well; Phillip Bros., M. H. Nathan & Co., Stock! & Nathan, S. Hildesheimer & Co.. and other well-known firms. Of- course the cards vary in value, and include humorous as well as more serious varieties. A marked improvement is notice able in tbe cheaper cards as well as in those of higher price. The latter include some very fine pieces of work, and especially a number of steel engravings, photogravures drawings by band in sepia, ink and pencil drawings on opals, ivory, and silver, water color and oil paintings, as well 'as those pro duced by other processes. Some of the cards are of moat superb finish. The delicacy of touch about the drawing* in sepia pencil and other mediums especially gives the cardfs great value simply from an artistic poiDt of view. The drawings on opals are perhaps the most beautiful productions this year, but some exquisite watercolors and oils have been brought out, which can hardly fail to atbact attention, and in fact all the band work is very fine. In form also there are several innovations this year, espe cially with regard to designs upon leaves. At the same time the fanciful shapes which have proved popular in the past have not been overlooked. The art of frosting has been introduced to a considerable extent thia year, and the effect upon vignettes into which it is worked is most pleasing. One speciality is a number of very pretty views from the Colonial and Indian Exhibition, aud which include Canadian, Tnrifan, and Anstralian views, not excluding this colony. The immense variety of design which the public demands has been fully recognised in the selection of Messrs. Wills & Co., which will certainly suit aUtabtea. An entertainment of a kind somewhat novel in South Australia, but extremely popular in England was given in the Town Hall ou Mon day evening, when the members of Barry's City Gymnasium took part in their first annual assault-at-arms and gymnastic demonstration. The attendance was very good, and included a fair number of the fair sex, who watched the feats with a large amount of interest. A space in the cento c of the hall was cleared for the die play, the platform being occupied by the Adelaide orchestra, -which under the direction of Mr. C. Cawthorne discoursed popular music during the various exercises. Toe chair was occupied by the Treasurer (Hon. J. C. Bray), who has always identified himself with youthful recreationp, the value of which he dealt with in a few opening remarks. The proceedings were initiated by the junior mem bers of tbe gymnasium being put through the dumbbell exercises. The juveniles, who in cluded .a perfect liliputian, looked very picturesque in their costumes, and their work was marked with wonderful precision, showing the care bestowed upon them bjr their instruc tor, Mr. J. B. Barry. Vaulting tbe horse followed, and here a large class under tile leadership of Mr. Barry exhibited some really clever feat?, two or three members being especially applauded for their display. Messrs. H. Brocmhalland R. Clifford then took part in a single-stick contest, which wa3 quite equal to any ?amfl?r performance these adepts with the "sticks" have previously given. The former supplemented some graceful and skilful club-flwingicg by Mr. Douglas, by appealing with Mr. J. McKenzie in cavalry sword exercises, in which both men showed themselves very proficient. An exhibition on tbe parallel bars by the class under the leader ship of Mr. J. B. Barry, in which grace combined with nerve and strength was shown, broncht the first part of the entertainment to a close. Afterwards some high jumping by the clasp, a member of which cleared 7 feet 2 inches off the spring-board, filled up a period that elapsed between contests with the foils and tbe sword and bayonet, in which Messrs. H. Brocmball acd W..G. Haylock performed satisfactorily. The performance by the dan on the horizontal bar was the most in teresting portion of the programme, tbe feats beirg difficult, varied, and well gone through. Mr. Barry wai specially good, while two members of the class gave every promise of following closely in the footsteps of their instructor. The applause bestowed upon thi& trio was, however, equalled by that re ceived by the liliputian, who took put is the dumb-bell exercise, for a dashing and pro longed " wheel" on the bar. Another single sticks contest, in which Messrs. J*. McKenzie and R. Clifford took part, concluded a most Eucceesful entertainment. At the Port Adelaide ConEregrtiooal Cbnrcb this evening tbe Bey. W. B. Hiddleitone will deliver his lecture on " Candles." 