Jafe' Colmott. NOTES. Plush fringe with heading of nuts or seeds is much used. Brown plash dresses are trimmed with copper and red gold galloons. Plain braids, with battens to correspond, are used on tailor-made dresses. Turkish jackets are profusely embroidered with arabesques of gold braid and cord. Green and golden brown are preferred to blue in smooth cloth tailor-made dresses. When braid is used on cloth dresses it must not be the exact shade of the material. Metal clasps are superseding brooches for ffatrf.*ming the high collars that are so much Amongst new novelties are hats covered entirely with small feathers, like tbe breast of a bird. Fringes of plash and worsted material combined are used with silk or plush uphol stery goods. The newest evening wraps are long enough to cover tbe entire figure and some of t.li^ m are marvels of beauty. Feathers are more worn than ever ; huge aigrettes, with spreading plumes, looping op the draperies of evening gowns, and matching those on the bodice and iu the hair. To be doing good for someone else is the life of most good women. They ore exuber ant in kindness, as it were, and must impart it to someone. Irish peasant women are achieving a worthy reputation for artistic needlework. Upon homespun linen they make the most beautiful articles. Vineland, New Jersey, has a smart women who lives on 4d. a day. All the rest of her earnings she saves up, and does not invest it in heart-breaking bonnets. It is said it is no longer the style for girls to learn to play on the banjo, from which a critic infers that they now play on that in strument without learning. If Thomas JefiersoiTs ghost reads the news papers it will be proud to learn that fonr maids of honour of the Queen of Italy are beautiful American women, says a Southern editor. Tender feet may be cared by dissolving one pound of Titman's sea salt in one gallon of spring water, and by soaking or bathing the feet therein about five minutes night and morning For walking dresses jacket bodices arc not very long, but they fit the figure closely, and are generally withont buttons. The upper part is of different material which is plaited, and produces the effect of a demi guimpe. Cashmere dresses for little children have full skirts and plain waists and triangular pieces of velvet set in the front, and are worn over guimpes. A cashmere or fine tlanuel underwaist may be worn even by delicate children. Tbe newest evening bodices all hare basques with one or three points back and front. They are castelled or cut oat in points round the shoulders, sometimes edged with beads and have folded tulle or lisse next the skin to soften the effect. Tbe able Boston Glol# has an article entitled *' The Woman's Hour ' We violate no confidence in explaining tbe woman's hour coDEtists of a whole day seven times every The handsomest woman in Italy is said to be needy seven feet talL She probably Eeems handsome to mortals o! ordinary length. It is a case where distance lends enchantment to the view. When a Boston girl goes -to New York, notes the S-mvrTillr (Massachusetts) Journal^ tbe natives have acres of fun trying to get her to say -' She followed the calf down the path about a mile and a-half. Indies who wear gloves of medium or light colours are cautioned against the use of umbrellas with silver handles, as they will seriously blacken the inside of tbe glove, and it is quite impossible to remove the stain. Half a dozen Washington girls have under taken to make the society belles of the crooked heads of hammered silver, but it is not yet quite certain whether there is to be a oraze or not. The Jersey man who unearthed an old statute law which makes it a crime punish able with fine and imprisonment for a woman to lead a man into marriage by the use o false hair, false teeth, or other false charms, may have done a good work but it will never make him popular. 