THE HOUSE OF LORDS. [By HENRY W. LUCY in the English Idustrated Magazine]. The House of Lords diners from the House of Commons in many respects be-<*> yond that of the hereditary principle. The two chambers are in their physical aspects wholly dissimilar. In the House of Commons no effort has been made to achieve grandeur or even dignity of appearance, Itisliterallyaworkshop.andis rigorously plain and business-like in all its arrangements. I have heard from many people who visit the House of Commons for the first time an expression of sur prise at the Bmallness of the chamber. The assembly fills so large a place in the mind of the world that, unconsciously, strangers imagine a magnificent hall of broadband lofty proportions. The House of Lords will more nearly gratify expecta tion of this character. It iB a handsome roomy chamber dowered with the soft rich light that strays through stained glass windows. In the Commons every inch of space on the floor of the House is impressed into the service of members. Under the gallery by the door there is a row of benches which will accommodate a Bcore or so of strangers. Otherwise no stranger may appear on the floor of the House whilst it is in session. In the Lords, at either end, there are compara tively roomy spaces for strangers. Ladies are admitted to little pens near the bar, and members of the Commons are at liberty to enter at wul and take up standing room in this part of the House. At the other end, where the throne stands, there is space reserved for Privy Coun cillors and the eldest eons of peers. Mr. Gladstone, on the rare occasions of his visits to the House of Lords, does not ttomd within the rails, his favorite position being at the corner of the bench where the bi?hops sit. It was here, leaning upon the edge of the bench, he* heard Lord Salisbury's speech which settled the fate of the Franchise Bill hi the autumn session of 1884. On great occasions Sir Wniiam Harcourt, Sir Michael Beach, Sir Richard Cross, and other Privy Councillors congregate behind the rail which guards the throne. I never saw Mr. Chamberlain availing himself of* the privilege of listening to a debate in the Lords. He probably thinks his time might be more usefully employed. I remember one night last session seeing a very small schoolboy, presumably die eldest son of a peer, standing by the caQs side by side with Sir William Harcourt, both intently listening to a debate, a concatenation of circumstances that somehow recalled Landseer's picture of " Dignity and Impu dence*." WhSfifcthe chamber of the House of Lords is more imposing to look at it is not nearly so easy to speak in as its more modest neighbor. The House of Commons was not always endowed with, the acous tical properties which now make it one of thebest chambers for debatingpurposestiae world possesses. When the Commons first met in their new home ft was found almost impossible for a man to make himself heard. All kinds of devices were tried, and finally the expedient of the glass roof was hit upon. It is among the things not generally known that the glass ceiling of the House of Commons hides a noble roof upon which skilled carvers bestowed infinite care. The Commons had to consider whether they would retain the fair proportions of their chamber or sacrifice them to utiUty. They chose the latter course, and bo the beau tiful roof is hidden away. Possibly a similar sacrifice of ornamentation might bring about equally desirable results in the House of Lords. But the Lords stick to their architectural endowments, and let their speeches take their chance. The number of peers who are successful in malHng themselves heard might be counted on the fingers of both hands. By a happy good fortune these are the very men whom, the public desire to hear. Whilst the vast majority of the peers are practically inaudible in the press gallery, I cannot call to mind any individual case in which the public in terest materially suffers owing to the faulty acoustics of the chamber. Lord Granville and Lord Derby, it is true, can be followed throughout a speech only by painfully con centrated attention. Lord Granville has a slight lisp which detracts from the clearness of his enunciation, and Lord Derby is a little thick in utterance. Aware of their defect, these two noble lords make a point of turning towards the press gallery maintaining their voice at a nigh pitch. Bat Lord Beaconsfield made himself as well heard in the House of Lords as Mr. Disraeli was wont to do in the House of Commons. The same state ment holds good with, respect to Lord Iddesleigh. He has not a particularly sonorous voice nor does he uplift it far above conversation pitch. Yet apparently without effort, he, the first time he spoke in the Lords, overcome the difficulty which has proved insurmountable to many of his peers. Lord Salisbury's voice nils the chamber and echoes through the passages. Lord Cranbrook is distinctly heard. So is Lord Boaebery, and so alas! is the Earl of Wemyss These exceptions seem to show that perhaps after all the diffi culty of which so much is heard is due rather to individual failing than to struc tural defects in the chamber. The House of Lords commences public business at a quarter past 4, an inno vation of recent date. A few yjars ago public business was approached an hour later, and the change was made at the instance of the younger sec tion of peers who complained that they were practically shut out from debate. They hoped that by meeting an hour earlier they would get some chance of speaking. The result h?? not justified their ardent expectation. Matters are now very much as they were heretofore, except that the House on the average adjourns earner. The first principle of debate in the House of Lords is that, except under direst pressure, discussion shall be concluded in time to dress for 3 o'clock dinner. There is no such thing in the Lords as debate in the sense that it exists in the House of Commons. There age come half dozen members whose opinion is looked for, and this given there remains only to rote. The peers have no coosf iteente and are freed from the neces sity of periodically putting themselves en evidence. It follows that as a rule debate in the House of Lords on a big subject frequently reaches a higher level than a debate in the House of Commons. In the latter case controversy is so woefully <&oted; with, wordiness. Mai who have something to say which tJi? House would willingly hear are so handicapped by a rush of tossy and fluent mediocrity, that tfee ?ast tract of debate, regarded as a whole, reaches a painfully low level, la the Lords only tfcs big men speak, and when they have said their cay all is over. TJwwU comes to pass that -dinner at 8 o'doek may be looked forward to witii certainty. When Lord Salisbury, Ifocd Gxa&vlle;, and perhaps a couple of peers sot sitting on the front benches have spoken, members just leave the Bouse, and if any outsider wants to make a speech he finds Tiimflf without an audience,, and bo desists. Lord Denman is the only peer who systematically endeavors to struggle against this unwritten law. He is a harmless, elderly gentleman, some thing of Aa Mr. Dick type, who regards Iris parliamentary duties as a serious portion of his life. One of his peculiarities is to turn up in unexpected paito o f the House and commence astate jSJOit which has neither beginning nor middle, and of which the end is long de ferred. He affects the Liberal side, some times presenting himself from a back bench in the rear of the bishops, some times- speaking from below the gangway, and not infrequently appearing at the table in the immediate neighborhood of Lord Granville. This is a delicate atten. tion probably due to the circumstance that more than once Lord Granville in blandest manner has intimated his regret that he has not been able to follow the remarks of the noble lord. So Lord Denman draws as near as possible in order that he may be heard. For this there is a precedent in the other House created by Mr. Biggar. During his memo rable four hours' speech in the session of 1875; Mr. Biggar's voice, at ths end of three hours, began to fail. He was speak ing from his usual place below the -gang way, and his remarks were quite inaudible nt the chair, a circumstance to which the Speaker called his attention. " Very well, Mr. Speaker,"' said Mr. Biggar, " I will come across." So gathering up his blue-books, his notes, his glass of water, and lu3 spec tacles, he crossed the gangway and planted himself in convenient contiguity to the Speaker. Thus Lord Deumau takes pains that Lord Granville shall not lose the benefit of bis remarks. Another peer between whom aud the House there is difference of opinion as to the desirability or necessity of his being heard is Lord Stratheden and Campbell. Foreign policy is his forte, and he is as deep in the secrete of scheming conti nental potentates as Mr. Ashinead Barfc lett used to be when Mr. Gladstone was in office. Lord Stratheden has a curious way of walking about on tip toe, as if he shrank from interrupting some colloquy between the three emperors. He nearly always throughout the session has a notice on the paper calling attention to some portentous movement in foreign affair 3. But when the appointed day comes he generally postpones the motion, which, remaining upon the paper, serves to keep Prince Bismarck, the Czar, or the French Go vernment in a state of unremitting anxiety. In the Commons Lord Stratheden and Campbell and Lord Denham would be howled down if they attempted to interpose in public busi ness : in the Lords they are treated with a grave courtesy delightful to witness. They are peers whose patent of nobility is indisputable, and to suppose that a here ditary legislator could he slightly cracked would strike a blow at the very founda tions of the House. Undoubtedly the foremost man in the House of Lords is the Marquis of Salis bury. A debater of great power, an orator "of singular felicity, he has in unbounded measure that strong indi viduality which fascinates an assembly or a nation. He is always personally in teresting, in the sense that Lord Beaconsiield was, and that Lord Ran dolph Churchill is, a peculiar quality lacking alike in Mr. Gladstone and Earl Granville. When either of these statesmen rise, people know, within certain bounds, pretty much what they will say or do. When Lord Salisbury presents himself at the table of the House of Lords there is nothing certain about him except that he wQI ?ay some thing in a very striking manner. Be scorns oratorical graces, and rarely makes long speeches. Having something to say he says it in the fewest possible words, and resumes his seat with alacrity. When addressing the House he has a way of lounging over the table and chatting in a conversational tone, as if deprecating the idea that he was malting a speech. Life is too short for indulgence in set orations, and if we have anything to say let us say it in the fewest words and get to action. Lord Salisbury does not make use of copious notes even when de livering his most important speeches. But the barbed phrases that drop care lessly from his lips are evidently well studied and laboriously prepared. In Lord Granville the Marquis often finds a foeman worthy of his stoeL Lord Granville's manner is the direct opposite to i&at; of his political adversary. Lord Salisbury is scornfully overbearing, some times truculent, in his manner. Lord Granville is polite, deprecating, almost apologetic. Yet be sometimes with, smiling face and softly inflected voice manages to say some things which for bitterness cannot be excelled by ike Marquis of Salisbury. There are possibly to-day few intellectual treats of a higher cha racter than to be present at a controversy in the House of Lords between the two leaders. Close behind the bench on which Earl Granville aits, in company with Lord Uorthbrook-, Lord Kunberly, Lord Derby, and other of his colleagues, is a notable figure with white hair, bushy white eye brows, and pinky face. This is Lord Sherbrooke, better known as Mr. Robert Lowe. Lord Sherbrooke is a pretty close attendant upon the sittings of the House of Lords, but he never speaks. He seems to Lave accepted his promotion as a death warrant of his political position, and is content to vote whilst others debate. It was curious in bygone times to see Lord Beaconsfield intently watch irg his old foenian and possibly anticipat ing amid new circumstances a renewal of old conflict. But Lord Sherbrooke never opened his mouth. This vow of silence was doubtless imposed by physical in ability. Mr. Lowe in all his speeches in the House of Commons was accustomed to fortify himself with numerous notes. These he could doubtless prepare for the House of Lords with as much effect as he was wont to do in the House of Commons; but the difficulty of deciphering them after they are written out grows upon him. It is more than six years since Lord Sherbrooke made the painful discovery that his career as a parliamentary orator ?was drawing to a close. Early in the session of 1879, being then in the House of Commons, he rose to take part in a debate on a rote of censure on the Government, moved by Sir Charles Duke. A great deal was looked for from this interposition, and Mr. Lowe had evidently made a special effort to meet general anticipation. He got along successfully for a quarter of an hour. Then arose the necessity for citing extracts from blue books in support of his argument. Taking up his notes he began to search for a par ticular memorandum, but could not find it. He floundered on for a while, and abruptly resumed bis seat. That was his last speech in the House of Commons, and he has not attempted to fight against ! fortune in the House of Lords. Oddly j enough many of Mr. Lowe's contera- j poraries in the House of Commons have accepted their translation to the House of Lords as a condemnation to habitual Bflecce. There is Lord Aberdare, who, as Mr. Bruce, sometime Home Secretary, was well known in the House of Commons, and a regular participator in debate. He has not been wholly silent in the Lords ; but is so rarely heard that his name is forgotten by the public. Lord Emly, late Mr. Monsell, postmaster-general in Mr. Gladstone's former administration, is equally dumb. Nor does Lord Card well speak now that the attack upon the short service system has lapsed. Lord Carlingford, the Mr ffyit^***pfoY Fortescue of earlier times is more successful in keeping a froji place. But Lord Alington, who, as Mr. Gerard Sturt, once electrified the House of Commons and delighted the Prince of Wales, who happened to be in the gallery, by a disquisition on horse flesh, rests on his laurels. Nor does Lord Lamington {Mr. Baillie Cochrane) ever confide to the House of Lords those deep thoughts on foreign affairs with which, in days not long gone by, the House of Com mons was made periodically familiar. Lord Wolverton, who as whip in the Par liament of 1808 was not accustomed to make long speeches, has naturallysabsided into the grave silence most popular in the House of Lords. So has Mr. Cowper Temple, now Lord Mount Temple, who ! grows more than ever like the ghost of Lord Falmerston. Even Lord Coleridge only rarely favors the House of Lords with one of those elaborate and bloodless orations, dropped in silvrer-toned notes that may sometimes affect the mind but never touch the heart-. But if these once familiar denizen* of the House of Commons modestly shrink from lengthening debate in the House of Lords, there areatleasttwrorecruitsfroni tlie other House who hare diligently and not unsuccessfully endeavored to make up the average of speech-making. These are die Earl of Wemyss, long known in the Com mons as Lord Elcho, and Lord Bra bourne, who has accomplished a rare feat in political history. Most frequently, as in the cases cited above, a man who has made a name for himself in the Commons 13 content to sink into obscurity in the House of Lords. But Lord Brabourne lias achieved a wider notoriety than Mr. KnatchbuU-Hugessen enjoyed. There were circumstances attendant upon his introduction to the House of Lords that might have beeu expected powerfully to co-operate with ordinal-/ influences in iuducing a retiring attitude. But from the first Lord Brabourne took the House of Lords by the button-hole and insisted that the time had already come "when it .57.-.ii?W hear him." He took up a pDsitiou on the cross benches, which has many advantages. It brings a man in personal contiguity with princes of the royal blood. A noble lord sitting on the cross benches may touch the hem of the garment of the Prince of Wales, or sit within reach of hand of the Duke of Cambridge. Beyond this there is a peculiarity about the cross benches that would not seem to recom mend it to a modest and blushing young peer. It is the most prominent position in the House, set in the middle of the floor and dominating either side. Lord Brabourne, however, temporarily setting aside his natural modesty, made a dash at one of these favored seats on the night he entered the House, and thence, with amazing frequency, he rises to address an audience whose personal hostility is barely disguised under an attitude of frigid politeness. Up to within the last three months of the session the familiar figure of Lord Brabourne, with white hat adorned with a black band —curiously reminiscent of Ally Sloper—was to be found on the cross benches. But about a fortnight before Lord Salisbury came into office he, with, singular prescience, discovered that the Conservative camp was the only place in which he could possess his soul in patience, and thither he went, the black banded white hat now gleaming iii the ranks of the Conservative host. Lord Weniyss still remains on the cross benches, and is not likely from any such impulses of a sensitive conscience as have moved Lord Brabourne to vacate a place so admirably suited for haranguing the House. The House of Lords regards the Earl of Weniyss in a manner very different from that with which it looks upon the politician who, boxing the political compass, has literally sat in every part of the House. ,The peers think Lord Wemyss is perhaps a little verbose; but at least he is an honest man of single mind, who follows his lights and endeavors to instruct his fellow-men. Old members of the House of Commons looking down from the gallery upon the Earl of Wemyss, as with forefinger outstretched, body bent for ward with persuasive gesture, and couu tenance lit up with thorough self-enjoy ment, listen for a while with pleased con tentment. It is like a m-m who has crossed tim Channel, aud in snug fire lighted room at the hotel hears the wind blow and the sea roar. He has had his bad time. Bat it is past and will come no more. For more than forty years they had Lord Elcho in the House of Commons, and have, perforce, listened to these long-winded orations, with reiteration pointed by the remorseless fore finger, and on the face of the orator this provoking look of almost ecstatic enjoyment of his speech. Let the Lords have a little of it now. To do them justice they have had a good deal of it, and have borne it with the patience and courage worthy of the old renown of the English baron. On the very eve of the dissolution, Lord Wemyss d projtos ilcs bottes, placed on the order-book of the House a resolution raising the whole ques tion of Liberal and Conservative policy and administration at home and abroad. This was a comprehensive heading that would permit of diyergations into \- all the political questions of to-day, to-morrow, and yesterday. Ireland, Egypt, India, South Africa, the Afghan question, the Budget, Parliamentary Re form, and Bi-nietallisru might all be touched upon under the wide field of this resolution. Lord Weniyss made the most of it, and for something little short of two mortal hours he reasoned with the yawning peerage. Looking round the House of Lords and thinking with respect of the hereditary principle, one is struck by the fact that our old nobility do not contribute anything beyond an infinitesimal proportion of the strength and diguity of the legislature. When we meution Lord Salisbury, Lord Derby, the Duke of Argyll, the Duke of Richmond, Lord Rosebcry, and Lord Car narvon, the list of foremost debaters whose peerage dates beyond the present g men tion is completed. Of these Lord Gran ville can scarcely be reckoned among the old nobility, since his patent of peerage does not date beyond 1333, whilst the Herberts, whose representation I have included in diligent effort to swell the list, were raised to the peerage only in 1793\. Here, out of the long roll of the English peerage, are six men who by their personal talents have lifted them selves into a prominent place in English political life. The blight particular stars of debate in the House of Lords bare, with few exceptions, been drawn from the common people, and have in recent days been known as Lord Cairns, Lord Sel borne, Lord Coleridge, Lord Cockburn, and the like. Lord Shaftesbury holds a unique posi tion in the House. Throughout the civi lised world his name is a household word. His life is recognised as the epitome of practical loving- kindness. When, yeara ago, he sat in the Commons as Lord. Ashley he was wont to take a moderate share of the duties of debate. But he has never taken an active part in the business of the House of Lords, and has inw dropped out of it entirely, except when his sympathies are aroused by approach to the j subjects to which he has devoted a long and honorable life. When he rises he is ' listened to from both sides with unfeigned ! respect and personal esteem. [Since this was in type Lord Shaftesbury's useful life has been brought to an honored close.] Lord Lytton has not achieved that position which possibly bis talents, certainly his expectation, led him to look for. He is not a habitual participator in debate. When he returned from India he delivered a long and elaborate defence of his policy as Viceroy which had been bitterly and persistently attacked. There ; is a literary flavor about his care-: fully prepared orations, which, though excellent in quality, does not recommend itself to an audience. The House of Lords shares the instincts of common humanity at least to this extent, that it .would rather hear in debate the halting sentences of a man struggling to express thoughts which the course of debate has fired, than to have recited to it an essay calmly written in the seclusion of the library. Lord Lytton's speeches are really Quarterly Bevietv articles, and after the recitation has gone forward a little while members begin to yawn, or openly go to sleep, or furtively leave the House. Lord Dunraven is one of those men of whom his friends are accustomed to say that he might be anything he pleased. Unfortunately Lord Dunraven pleases to be nothing particular. He is a man of conspicuous ability and wide knowledge, both of men aud affairs. He is a ready and effective speaker, his pointed speech being frequently irradiated by flashes of quiet humor. He is, more than anything I know in flesh and blood, akin to some of Ouida's wonderful heroes — whether Russian princes or English peers—bom to a high position, endowed withaome tiling like genius, able to do aiytluug and ending by doing nothing. One night Lord Dunraven will appear in the House of Lords and deliver an incisive, eloquent, even statesmanlike speech on some ques tion of high policy ; on the next morning he setsoffforsome remote coun try, the more inaccessible in approach auc the more uncomfortable as a residence the more attractive. Lord Dunraven is still young, and may yet seriously settle down to polities. If he should so decide he will make for himself a high position in the > Mouse of Lords, and that is sorely worth I a man's ambition. Lord Redesdale has 1 >een Chairman of Committees aud Deputy Speaker of the House of Lords for thitty fuur years. A short time ago it was re j ported that with the present Par liament he would retire from his I position, a report which he curtly contra i dieted. There are few figures more I familiar in and about the House of Lirds than the stout one dressed in equarely-cut black clothes, trousers just reaching to the ancle, displaying a glimpse of white stocking over the broad- soled shoe. Lr?rd Redesdale, by virtue of Ids office, always wears a white necktie, and his general appearance gives some credit (perhaps gave birth) to the story that a young pear recently come into iiis inheritance strolling into the lobby of the House, handed his coat and stick to the Cliairman of Committees under the impression that he was >::ie of the atten dants. There is, perhaps, some doubt as to the noble lord's efficiency as chairman, but none of the peremptoriness of his manner in carrying out his duties. Lord Redesdale's way of puttaDg the question is highly characteristic. Supposing he is dealing with a measure promoted by the Conservative Government, this is how he deals with it:— " Clause Five. Question is that clause 5 l>e added to the Bill ? Tkose-that-are of -that-opinion- say - Content-the-contrary not- Contentthe Contents-have-it Clauses G, 7, and 8. Question is that these clauses be here added I Those-who-are," &c.; Kb one but a very hardened peer dare interpose, and it is only exceedingly ready ones who could find an opportunity. Lord Redesdale's little ways greatly amused Lord Beaconsfiekl, who made him an earl. The late Premier was not in the House long enough to try a fall with the irascible and autocratic chairman, and indeed it is only the Marquis of Salisbury and Earl Granville who ever venture to do so. There iB an instance of parliamentary de bate which illustrates the graciousnees of Lord Redesdale's manner and the ready genial humor of Lord Granville. Thirty years ago, on the 15th May, 1855, during a debate on the war with Russia several ladies had obtained seats on the back benches of the House itself, an unusual position, though always secured to them on the occasions of the opening or the prorogation of Parliament. Lord Redes dale drew attention to this, complaining of its effect upon the appearance of the House. "It makes the place look more like a casino than anything else," he growled. " I hope the irregularity will not be re peated, for I know at least one peer who would have spoken but for his unwilling ness to address au audience of this kind." "I accept as fully satisfactory," said Earl Granville, "my noble friend's ex . planation of tiie reason why some of the speeches delivered on the other side have, in the opinion of the supporters of minis ters, been less effective than usuaL" The House laughed, and the ladies tittered ; but Lord Redesdale never axl/l see any thing in Earl Granvilhrs polished little darts. In no respect is the physical and mate rial difference between the House of Lords and the House of Commons more strongly marked than in re spect of the lobbies. The lobby of the House of Commons is one of its most important and indispensable appanages. Recent regulations have robbed it of some of Us bustling appearance. But the fact remains that there are many nights in the session when more real business is trans acted in the lobby of the House of Coiu . mons than under the eye of the Speaker. The lobby of the Lords is much smaller than that across the way, and is glorified by a brass sate that is worth a journey to see. The principal members of the Commons stroll out into their lobby to talk with each other or with friends from the outer world. The Lords never gossip, and save when they come streaming forth after a big division the lobby has a deserted, almost ghostly look, intensified by the upright rails and hooks placed for hats and coats. AH the pegs arc labelled, and the highly-favored stranger strolling in here will look with awe upon a big, rather broad-brimmed l:at on a peg labelled *' Marquis of Salis bury ;" on a walking stick which is all that represents the grace aud courtliness of Earl Granville; on the mysterious cloak attached to the name " Lord .Stratheden and Campbell," and seeming to wrap within its dark folds the secret history of European statecraft; or a time worn inverness over which the name of Lord Sherbrooke blinks. Twice a year at least this lobby resounds to the tread of an impatient crowd pressing forward to get a good seat or standing place in the House of Lords. These are the Commons going to attend the cere mony of the opening of Parliament, or its prorogation. First comes the Ser geant-at-anns with mace on his shoulder. Behind, the Speaker in wig and gown, his train borne up by a gentleman of dignified appearance. Close in the rear is the chaplain, then a minister or two, and finally her Majesty's faithful Com mons lauslnng and ra.llrinor an( i stamping and crusJung as if they were in quite a common place. On the rare oc casions, in recent days exclusively coincidental with Lord Beaconsfield's reign, when the Queen opens Parliament in pet son, the scene in the Lords is worthy of the dignity of the historical cliamber. Peers who are never seen in the place come then to render homage to the Sovereign ; ambassadors, glittering wirh orders, crowd their appointed place ; noble ladies, gleaming with jewels, fill one side of the House and throng the gallei-ies. All the royal princes and princesses accompany the Queen, and though little is done and less said the spectacle is worth preserving. But when it comes to the shmtlacre, &c; opening of Parliament by Royal Commission, the grand pageant is replaced by a pitiable mockery. The ceremony is in these days without practical value, and every thing is done to make it as ludicrous as it is useless. Of the ceremonies of opening Parliament by Royal Commission or proroguing it, the latter is naturally the more melancholy spectachv At the open ing of a session there is some alight flush of interest and excitement; men are fresh back to town and are greedy for any little excitement, whether political or social. There is, moreover, the Queen's Speech, which broadly indicates ministerial inten tion during the coming session. But in the ceremony of prorogation, whilst it is almost identical with that of the opening of Parliament, everything combines to bring its mournful ludicrous ness into fuller light. Every one is tired to death of politics, and of his fellow men. All that can be done in a session is accomplished, curiosity is sated, and energy sapped. Yet here, on the bench before the woolsack, sit the five cloaked figures with three-corned hate complet ing their disguise. The cloaks are red, slashed with dirty ermine that suggest a second-hand source of temporary bor rowing. A few ladies in morning dress sit on the otherwise deserted benches. Two or three peers of junior official posi tion make a House. At the bar stands the Speaker, with the Sergeaat-at-Anns and mace on one side and the chaplain on the other. Behind straggle a few blase cow. moners. An air of deep depression dwells over die place, aud is not lifted by the mummery that follows. When, the Speaker and the Comaioua have assembled in obedience to the summons of Black Bod, the two wigged and gowned clerks, who have sat at the end of the table, rise and stand apart, the one on the right hand of the table, the other on the left. He on the right j>rr?duces a prodigious parchment from which lie reads out tho commission of " our trusty and well-beloved cousins," the mysterious figures 011 the bench be fore the woolsack. As he names each a hand steals forth from under the cloak, solemnly goes up to the peaked hat, up lifts it, replaces it, and withdraws beneath the cloak. The clerk reads on till he comes to another name, whereat he males low obeisance in the direction of the woolsack. Another figure moves, another hand creeps upward; another cocked hat is uplifted ; and another figure resumes its immobility. Thus the whole iive Commissioners are in succession named with low bowing from the clerk and deliberate recognition of identity on their part. This takes up a deal of time tliat might well be si*ared at the end of a busy session. But it is nothing to what follows. There is a more or less mighty pile of Bills which, having passed both Houses of Parliament, now await the royal assent. The clerk on the right hand side of the table taking up these Bills one by one, first bows low to the cloaked figures, ducking as if a sustaining bolt had been suddenly withdrawn from the region of thesmallof hisback. He reads out the title of the BUL whereupon commences the task of the clerk on the left. If it be a money Bill this functionary, first bowing low to the Commissioners, turns his head slightly to the left, and over his shoulder literally chucks at .the Speaker and the assembled Commons the phrase, La tv.yim srwuTCic ?ex bons swjcfe, aeceptc kn.r be,iA- Tolriic.r, ct airixi cc rritft. If it be an ordi nary measure he says, with the same depre cating gesture towards the Commons, La reunc le radt. Whether there are ten or two hundred Bills exactly the same process must be gone through. First, the clerk on the right-hand side bows to the Commissioners; secondly, he recites the name of the Bill; thirdly, he bows again ; fourthly, the clerk on the left hand side bows to the Commissioners; fifthly, with scornful gesture of disregard, he throws over his shoulder to the awed Commons the assurance of the royal assent; sixthly, he heaves s little sigh of sympathy with the Commissioners for being troubled by this necessity of meet ing common people ; seventhly, he bows again, and his colleague takes up the nest Bill and tbe whole process is gone over again, the phrase "La tw/iie le veutt," rising j and falling over the deserted House like the cry of the curlew on a distant desolate rock. This burlesque of pageantry is more than ludicrous; it makes considerable ' demand on the public time. Not only at the beginning and end of the session is j the mummery of the Royal Commission practised, but at frequently recurrent intervals during the busiest time of the session Black Rod appears at the door of the House of Commons and summons busy men to leave their afikirs and go over to the Lords to play this melancholy little game. If the fiction of the royal assent is to be maintained it is surely worth the assistance of the royal presence. Failing that, it might be dispensed with with distinct advantage to public business and the dignity of Parliament. There is, as it happens just now, one bit of human interest in this discordant mummery. The little elderly gentleman who stands on the left of the table and chants his mournful refrain, " La reyw le nidi," bears the name of Disraeli. He was brother to the great riataanan who but lately filled the premier place in the House of Lords, and is an interesting per sonal link with a memory that will never die as long as English history lives. 