SPORTING NOTES. Tllli TUKK. V.ll.O. EsTKirs. Ftr.ST DAT, 30fH 0CT0B2K. | li\ ELECTMC TELEURAPH.J (FROM OUK MELPOUttXr. CORRESFOXUF.KT.} Mondny, Htb Ootobor. Melbourne Stakes.—Sheet Anchor, Recall, Malua, Isouomy, Cyclops, Merrimu, Dunlop, Yolcauo, Tamil* risk, Acme. Commotion, Retort, Silvcrmiue, Chesham, Trouton, The Plunger, Menotti, Grace Darling, Wil liiiiu Toll, Boolka, Industry, Kiugfish, Lord William, Bravo, Crossfire. IIotuam Handicap. — Britisher, Renins, Claptrap, The Fouoil,Duulop, Hexham,Corlaluuns, Lancer, Salvo, Mdroney, Atttuence, Acolyte, Honey Bee, The Levito, Western, Ren Bolt, RiugnuiKter, First Priuco, Silver mine, Fernandez, Metal, Lesbia, G aide u in, Eagle Grange, Tattle John, Fish o'Silver, Boolka, Impulse, Genoa, Sardius, St. John, New York, Cameritie, Browu and Rose, Silver King, Minerva, Zeno. • Selliku Rack.— Huron, Sir Charles, F.F. Salvo, Maroney, AlbautiB, Toronto, Ellington, Lord Sutton, Meleagrida, Kohia, Lando, Tho Baron, Tabley, Sirrocco, Orator, Black Diamond, Stafford, First Fop, ' Mustang, Louis, Tichbome, Roystorer, Tho Ghost, Bosmau, Wallmlla, Straight Shot, Kitnwa, Medu, | Douglastou, Haleymw ' Couvna Stakes.—Poohauotas, Recall, Satyr, Mout- ; more, The Pencil, Dunlop, Ex-Promior, The Nun, ! Quintin Matsop, Daucer, Middlemarch, Salvo, I Maronoy, Albanus, TToney lice, Laru, Trojan, Tho Levito, Lord Wilton, Kokni, Chuckster, Repose, Tarpeia, Tho Fobber, Bonny Doon, Sirocco, Chesham, Fernandez, Scylln, Hogmanay, Rufus, Don Govatini, • Newmaster, Gardenia, Eagle Grange, Jim Cain, Monotti, Islander, Gadfly, William Tell, Richworth, Straight-Shot, St. John, Dufferu, Now York,.Cameriue, DayHtnr, Rosary, Shark, Minerva, Burrilda, Gold Lake, The Agent, Myall King. Second Dat, 2nd November, Hurdle Rack.—Huutsnmu, Sir Lauucelot, Blue Mountain, Mirth, Ocean, Encour, Distiller, Lady Carriugton, Ruby, Caloola, Little Jack, Inverill, Koolyte, Tho Agent, Bouna. Railway Handicap.— Poclmnaotas, Dividend, FF., Oclfita, Xantippe, Hurou, Volcauo. Tho Nuu, Lancer, Mhldleinarch, Salvo, Marouey, Albanus, Essie, Lara, Toronto, Trojan,Black Snake,The Levito, Koliai,Agues, Whitebait, Lando, Repose, Tarneia, Lady Boll, Bonnie Doon, Sirocco, Chesham, Land League, Lord of the Manor, Louise Bert a, Hogmauay, Sodition, Edith, Don Giovau, Kenneth, Newmaster, Donald, Gar denia, Mustang, First Cousul. IAish o' Silver, Monotti, Uuiberto, Gadtly, William Tell, Devotion, Richworth, Ceatus, St. John, Yule Cake, Duration, Harvester, 'Daystar, Rosary, Maroondah, Tho Vow,I Gold Lake, Burrilda, Halcyou, Myall King, Zeno. Kensington STAKE.s.—Liedertafel, Fancy Free, St. Mielmel, Sumatra, Pontifex. Mistletoe, Sunshade, Jessica, Bedouin, Query, Gleutworth, Lady Lovell, Uouoymoon, Firebrace, Lan», Loyalist, Soliped, Bran ehiopodo, Demetereckersby. Nursery Handicap (5 furlongs). — Perhaps, Proba tion, Liedertafel, Casuist, St. urushi, Murmur, St. Michael, Lava, Poutifex, Sumatra, Aberdeen, Mistlc toe, Cutchcon, Qeuton, Yetman, Suushade, Jessica, and Perchance, liedouin, Citadel, Aeneas, Hortense, Harridan, Nectarine, Julian Gray, Lord Alleu, Query, Gleutworth, Lady Lovoll, Huntingtower, Ocoana, Aby dos, Miranda, Hiuomoa, Carnival, Eira, Firebrace, Jehusite, PHtienco, Matamua, Albert Loddou, Loyalist, Soliped. Demetor, Eckersley. Tiie Yan Yean Stakes.—Pocahontas, Satyr. Main sail, Ocista, The Pencil, Dunlop, The Nuu, Quinton Matstep, Middlemarch, Salvo, Maroney, Albanus, Honeybee, EUimttou, Milcagrida, Tho Lovite, Lord Wilton, Kohai, Highland Chief, Chuckster, Western, Lando, Retort, Repose, Tho Baron, Bonnie Doon, Black Diamond, Hogmauay, All Gold, Rufus, Don Giovau, Newmaster, Gardenia, Eaglo Grange, Louis, Jim Cuin, .Ajlaos, First Cousul, Fish o* Silver, Menotti, Islander, William Tell, Richworth, Straight Shot, Kitawa, Houoycomb, Now York, Cainerine, Day Star, Shark, Rosary, Industry, Myall King, Silver Kiug, Burrilda, Gold Lake, King Fish, Lord William, Zeno. Tiiiud Dat, 1th Nomemher. Maipes Plate.—St, Helier, Maiusail, Tho Pencil, Metallurgist; Lord Sutton, Highlaud Chiof, Retort, The Fobber, Fernandez, Lord of tho Manor, Roysterer, First Consul, Menotti, Cratio, Ynlo Cake, Dutreriu. The Flting Stakes.—Perhaps, Probation, Pontifex, Aberdeen, Sumatra, Lava, Mistletoe, Yotuiau, Sun shade, Jessica, Esperauce, Bodouin, Hortense, Glent worth, Lady Lovell, Huntingtower, Oceana, Blair gowrie, Abydos, Miranda, Hiuomoa, Kiora, Hogmauay, William Tell, Mia Mia, Loyulist, Soliped, Deiuotor Kingfish, Eckersley, Crossfire, Spring Handicap.—Britisher, Pochahontas, Recall, Remus, Claptrap, Merrimu, Dunlop, Monte Christo, Hexham, Quintin Matsep, Middlemarch, Salvo, Maronej-, Aoolyto, Lara, Trojan, The, Levito, Lord Wjlton, Kohai, Highland Chief, Chuckster, Ben Bolt, Tarpeia, Ringmaster, First Prince, Silver Mine, Bonuio Doon, Chcsham, Scylln, Hogmanay. AH Gold, Metal, Lesbia, Meteor, Don Giovau, Gardonia, Mustang, Eagle Grange, Jim Cain, Agluos, Fish o" Silver, Menotti, Gadtly, William Tell, Richworth; Genoo, St. John, Harvester, Bohemian, New York, Cameriue, Daystar, Minerva, Silver King, Zeno, Tho Agent, Myall Iving, Burrilda, Gold Lake, Bravo. The Royal Park Stakes.—Sheet Anchor, lsonomy, Cyclops, Romus, Mainsail, Merrimu, Dunlop, Hexham, Opal, First Priuce, Trentou, Ferdandez, Tho Plunger; Donald, Little Johu,' Aglaos, Meuotti, First Consul, Grace Darliug, Boolka, Industry, Lord William, Bravo, Crossfire, Tho Spocial, ■ * Junenilk Stakes.—Forgeldiugs ouly; flvo furlongs —Uambridgo, Blue and White, Julian Gray, Bugler, Firebrace, Epicurean, Eckersley. The Vhteran Stakes. — Britisher, Pocahontas, Malua, lsonomy, Satyr, Cvclops, Romus, Claptrap, The Peucil, Dunlop, Ex-Promfer, Coriolanus, Qniiitiu Mat sep, Lauoer, Salvo, Aflluoncc, Acolyte, Tho Lovite, Lord Wilton, Kohai, Wostoru, Bou Bolt, Ringmaster, First Priuce, Silvermine, Bounio Doon, Tientou, All Gold, Metal, Rufus, Lesbia, Meteor, Jack Roach, Eagle Grange, Little John, Fish o* Silver, Islander, GrnceDarling,Trout, Boolka, Impulse, Genoe, Sardius, St. John. Bohemiau, New York, Cninerine, Industry, Gold Lake, Myall King, Minorva, Silver Kiug, Browu aud Rose, Burrilda, Lord William, Zeuo, Arseual, Caloola, Fourth Dat, Gtu Noveihieu. Tub Flemikoton Stakes (half mile).—Probation, Perhaps, Liedertafol, |Cauist, St. Michael, Pontifex, Sumatra, Lava, Aberdeou, Mistletoe, Eicutcheou, Teuton, Design, Yetman, Sunshade, Essex, Jessica, Experience, Bedouiu, Citadel, Aedeues, Hortanse, Harriilan,4Ncctarine, Julian Gray, Lord Allen, Query, Glentworth, Lady Lovell, Huntiugtower, Oceaua, Abydos, Miranila, Carnival, Ormoud, Firebrace, Eira, Patiouoo, Albert Loddou, Epicurean, Loyalist, Soliped, Brauchiopodo, Doraoter, Zeno, Eckersley. The V.R.C. Handicap (one mile and three-quarters). —Hritiaher, Recall, lsonomy, Satyr, Remus, Claptrap, The Pencil, Dunlop, Mouto Christo, Hexham, Corio hmus, Lancer, Salvo, Atlluence, Acolytc, |The Levito, Western, Ben Bolt, Distiller, Ringmaster, FirstPriuce, Silvermine, Gentility, Fernandez,Ruby, Caloola,Motal, Lesbia, Meteor, Jilek Roach, Littlo John, Aglaos; Menotti, First Consul, Fish (o' Silver, Yellow Hammer, Grace Darling, Boolka, Impulse, Genoo, Sardius. Bo hemian, New York, Cameriue, Minerva, Silver King, Zeno, The Agent, Brown aud Roso, Kingfish, Lord William, Bravo, Arseual, Crossfire. Steeplechase.—Game, Michael, Nativo, Wickcliffe, Uuiou, Browu Eagle, Blackthorn, Havelock, Lady Ashton, Contingent, Lady Carriugtou, Moonlight, Curiosity, Victor, Sir Samuel. . Canterbury Plate. — Shoot Anchor, lsonomy, Cyclops, Merrimu, Dunlop,. Trideut, Volcano, Tama risk, Coriolanus,Malua, Gontility/Trouton, Fernandez, Tho Plunger, Littlo John, Menotti, First Consul, Grace Darliug, Boolka, Industry, Kingflsh, Lord William, Bravo. Crossfire. Fiiee Handicap.— Pocahontas, Remus, Merrimu, Mentmore, Claptrap, Tho Pencil, Duulop, The Nuu, Quintin Maateps, Middlemarch, Honcybos, Torouto, Ellington, Black Snake, Lara, Childe Harold, Trojau, The Levite, Lord Wilton, Kohai, High land Chief, Chuckster, Ben Bolt, Tarpeia, Ring master, The Fobber, Bonnie Doon, Sirocco, Chesham, Black Diamond, Scvlla, Hogmanay, All Gold, Rufus, Metoor, Edith, Don Giovani, Unr.lonia, Eagle Gramre, Mustang, Louis, Jim Cain, Aglaos, Allander, Tho Ghost, Gaddy, Trent, William Tell, Richworth, Genoe, Straight Shot, Cedtus, St. John, Kitawa, Bohemian, New York, Cameriue, Day Star, Rosary. Shark, Minerva, Silver Kiug, Zeuo, Tile Ageut, Myall Kiug, Burrilda, Gold Lake, Halcyou, I FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT.) The following the latest quotations : — Caulkklu Gup.—100 to Hi against Silvermine, 100 to 12 Recall, 100 to 'J Britisher, 100 to Boolka, 100 to 5 Littlo Johu, 100 to 5 St. John, 100 to 3 William Tell, I 100 to 3 Millstream. I Melbourne cup.—100 to 20Trident, 100 to 7 Malua, ! 100 to 7 Little John, 100 to 5 Britisher. j Victoria Derby.—80 to 100 against Trident, 100 to 10 I Maddeliua, 100 to 9 First Consul. Latest Scratcuinos. i V.A.T.C. Spring Meeting.— Mozart all engage-| ments. Caulweld Cup.—Clarendon, St. Albert, Mozart, Huron, St. Odille, Chuckster, Western, Meteor, St. Paul, Eagle Grange, Corday, ^straea, Qrphan. Arsenal, The Nun. Meluourne Cup.—Hurou, Eagle Grange, The Betting Market. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Little business has been done in the market to-day, but some large sums have been placed ou Britisher at hundreds to twelve, and Recall and Silvermine have also been freely supported. The following are to-day's quotations V.R.C. Dkrhy.—5 to 4- Trident (tk), 100 to 10 Vol cano (oil), 100 to 10 First Consul (oil"), 100 to 8 Mad deiina (otT), 100 to 5 Blairgowrie (otf), 100 to 4 Chesham (oif), 100 to i Crosslire (off), 100 lo 4 Kingiish (off). Cavlfiki.d Cup.—100 to 12Silvermine (off), 100 to 12 Reicil (<)tf), 100 to H Ben Bolt (off), lO'l to 7 Little John'(tk), l00 to 5 lloolka (off), 100 \o 5 St. John' (tk), 100 to .1 Bonnie Doon (tk), 100 to '> William Tell 'off). Melbourne Cup.—100 to 100 Trideut (tk), 1,000 to 70 I.it tie John (tk aud off), 1,000 to 50 Malua (tk), 1,000 to 40 Britisher (tk), 1,000 to 10 Lord William (off), 1,000 to 40 Allluence (off), 1,000 to 30 Grace Dar ling (off), 1,000 to oO lsonomy (off), 1,000 to M King* lish (off). Latest ScratciiinuS.—Caulfleld Cup — St, Albert, Clarendon, Mozart, Huron, St. Odille, Chuckster, Western, Meteor, St. Paul, Eagle Grange, Corday, Astrcea, Orphan, Arseual. Melbourne Cup—Huron, Eagle Grange, CRICKET. A match was played iu the Uppei Reserve on Satur day between the Federal aud Excelsior, which re suited iu a decided victory for the Federal. The scores being—Excelsior, 41; Federals, 7 wickets for 80 runs. The Park View met and defeated 13 of tho Camp School on Saturday by 70 runs. The scores stood thus—Park, 83 and 50 ; aud the School, 36 and 33. B.U.C.C. 2nd eleven v Capulets, in Reserve to-morrow. B.U.C.C. team : W. Adams„Allday, Abbott, Connelly, ,T. Dickson, Graydon, Haustcin, Juuko, W. M'Lean, Pownall, Skiliicorn, Southbv (2), Williamson, and A. J. Pearcc. Caps, team : Stokes, Harris (2), Conroy, Donovau, Lyons, Couldray, Trevarrow, Luck hurst, llall, Doble (2), Wren, M'Gregor, Pabst,-Murray, Smith, Comber. Tho Crown and West Beudi^o clubs met for tho first ; time thii season at Redan Hill on Saturday, and the match resulted in a win for the Crowu, who made 42 to their opponents' 37. The highest scorers for tho | Cigw;; v-erc Younsr21 (not out), Boyd 9; and for West Bendi'g? Bashfoi'd 12, WeitzelD. Young aud Trewartha bowled well for tlfo Cr6\\\uj Elliott, Bashfor^ and Moore for NVcs't Behdigo.' ' ' ' A cricket match is to takp place at Back Creek qu Wednesday aftemoou between an eleven of tbq Beudigq l/V^tqd Crjcket Club find a team selected from 'fbe Oi^era'Company whieh U at present paying Sandhurst a vjsit. The game'shq'iild prove most' ihtere^'flug qu4 enjoyable,"aa meifit^r*? qt ti^e presen\"tvQnpp ^o not confine themselves'alQRe tq singing, hut n]so shiue | jn out-dqor sports, especially cricket. The noma de Kuerrc qf th« Qpgrfttjo plavers are as follows:— Mov^rzauk, Ma»el, King Charlos, The Drummer, Arthur, Dick Doad-eyo, Tho ^logtfor, The Yankee, Chief of Brigaudfi, Honev Bee, Jones and Smith. Tho B.U.C.C. team is as follow* Buolian, Campbell, Gardiner, Harvey, Moody, H. Roper, Smith, Sutton, Wells, Willis and G. Wills. Reserve—Dormau, Nos worthy, Walker, W. J. Jacksou nnd Stembel. Federal v. Ironbark United at Redan Hill to-morrow. Federal team—Hughes, Ricliardsou, Wliitelock (2), Doylo, Healy, Barker, Hanrahau, Cummins, Crowe, Curuow. Reserve — Claridge, Weiland, Golightly, Vivian, Dorman, Pearce, Robinson, Bull, Barrasa. Caps 2nd Eleven v. Qnarrv Hill at Palmerstou Square. Caps team—C. Stokes, Conroy, W. TUomp bou, Lammon, Larsen, Kennedy, Johns, Carre, Fergur 50n, Slillor, Bohmer, Oliver, Trengrove, Billing, Traycs, Piper. Golden Gully v. Golden Square Alberta to-morrow at Golden Gully. Golden Gully team—Adams, Hayes, Ma'nouney, Schunke, Hickcy, Barnard (3),Skiramiugs,' De Wilton, Vafopolous, Murgan, Mumford.'Alcock. Alabama v. Park View in the Reserve on Wednesday. Alabama team—Magee, Stewart, Code, Manninsr, Pliilp (2), 'Charles, Long, Bol.im, Willis, •Neilsou, Pearson, Cutw, Stephenson, Mmo?uc, Rosewall.' ' Kangaroo Flat" y. West End in the Upper Reserve to-morrow.- Kangaroo 'Flat team—Bird (2), Ya&3; Waugh, * Simmoiids,* Fox, Carter, Smith, "^uitcD* Clifford, Dwver, 1 a ^Tl^L^TICS, Jit?ER9' FWT RECr.E,\TlOK CLUD. The annual mooting of tho above club was held at the Royal Mail Hotel, Myers' Flat, last eveuing. Mr. Jas, Fitzpatrick occupied the chair, and there was a fair attendance of members. The secretary stated that the last year's spirts had been a great success, and the club was now iu a better financial position than for many years past. He had no doubt that the club would provide quite as good a programme as that of last year, ftod that the next sports would bfl m aucsessfiU previous yeara. Mr, Fitzpatrick moved that tho .lotion of tho secretary in ro tho urmm^jr-nits with tho F i;:lehnwk Club ho improved of, aud that the club hold itsannual a ports on Nov Year's Dny. Mr. Schumacher seconded the motion ; *.md after some discission, dur ing which the opinion was expressed that no departure should t-e made from Boxing* Day on which to hold the sports, tho motion wna carried. Messrs. I»I'Na marn - (Maronir), Schumachor, Hollo, Meyers, Fit2 Patrick, and Dollar were appointed a committee t,v> draw up a programme for prcseutat ion to the ucxt meeting of the club. It was resolvod that a chargo of one shilling: ha mudo for admisaion to tho sports, and that an art uuinu tako place in couucctiou therewith, wbeu useful in prefereuce to ornamental articles will bo giveu away in prizes. It was decided to cull for tenders for tho various booths and stalls, and the election of the various ofllcer* was postponed until tho next meet ing of the club. After transacting other routine business the mooting adjourned. Kaui.rhawk Atiilktic Ci.un. An adjourned meeting of the above club wna held in tho Borough Mechanic*)' Institute yestorday evening. The mayor (Mr. 0. Willan) presided, and there wusa Rood attendance of mombers. A suggestion thata hurl inj? match for a valuablo trophy take placo in connec tion with the sports on Boxing Day was favorably un tuineil. This way all tho business. AQUATICS The committee meeting of thefiendigo Bowing Club was hold last evening, Mr. D. Kerr in the chair, when the secretary informed tho meeting that tho following gentlemen have kindly donated trophies for tho annual regatta, to bo held on tho 27th inst. Messrs. W. Bradley and Sons, F. "Wills, T. Hutchison, H. Jackson and Co., Oweu and Co., H. V. Roper, ,T. Ingram, H. Maynard, J. M'DufT, A. "W. Garner and H. Hart. Messrs. Manning and Co. have also donated two ladies' hnts, to ho comnofod for by the ladies, which cau bo selected from their very handsome stock of summer goods by the successful comp?titors. This nice should form the chief iiMractiou of the day, being tho first of its kind in the district. Tho club's boats will be at. the disposal of any ladies intending to practice by applying to the carctaker, Mr. Heine. The following are the events finally decided on, which will be rowed as follows, viz.:—Maiden Sculls, Senior Pairs, Maiden Fours, Greasy Pole, Ladies' Race, Senior Fours, Tug o'«War (iu pleasure boats), Maiden Pairs, Tub Race. Deciding heats to he rowed the following Wednesday, at which timo tho Senior Sculls will also be contested. Tho secretary was instructed to have programmes printed for distribution to the publio on the day of the regattu. Tully's City Drum aud Fife Baud has been engaged to nerforiu a varloty of new pieces at iutervals during the day. After the usual Inuiuess beiug tran sacted iu connection with regatta mutters, the meeting adjourned with a hearty vote of thanks to all the donors of trophies, and tho customary vote of thanks totho'ohair. CYCLING. Bicycle Sports. Tho ontries for tho racni in connection with tho joint celebration of the Ramblers and Sandhurst Bicycle clubs closed last evening, but letters "bearing yester day's postmark will bo received by tho secretary. Thro» wheelmen from Adelaide, sent over by the Cyclists' Uuiou to compcte at Melbourne, have eutered for the Sandhurst races. Thero are considerably over 100 ontries, and good ridiug may bo expocted. 