V.A.T.C. Races. TFill' 4'AULFIELD ('T1 JEAY. ((ONIDNSEI FtROM TiHE HLR.ALtU.1 IFor the past few weeks littlc has been said or talked of in sporting circles ex cept the two great Spring Handicaps, and the speculation upon the Caulfield Cup has bceen very varied 'and heavy, evidencing the undoulitedly open char acter of the race. The Caulfield Cup on Saturday AIt the sixth which has been run for. this one 'of the most coveted prizes in the sporting world. It was in 1881 that the race was initiated, In that year the Winner was Master Avenel. Next yelr the popularity of the Cup had grown, and no less than 32 horses faced the starter, and the best at the weights prodaed to "bc Little Jack.' Next year Mr. Vallace's speedy mare Calma suc ceeded in gaining the judge's verdict. There were 25 starters. The following yealr'iti the victobr '6f Blink Bonny. -Last year's Cup' will always be a ment brableone ini the ricing ;annals of Aus tralia, owing to the terrible accident which occurred before reaching the turn. A bunich of horses fell, and the celebrated liglht-weight jock, Donald Nicholson, was killed, whilst. Oracknell, McGrade, McGrath and T'womey received injuries Which in some of their cases were well nigh proving fatal. The downfall of so inashy horses caused the victory of the outsider Grace Darling to: be somewhat discounted, and many were disposed to regard her win as something in the nature of a fluke; but when she ran a good second to Sheet Anchor in the Melbourne Cunp in the fstest time on record, it was felt that the' maro was entitled to full credit for her Caulfield: Cup wvin. Of the 41 horses that faced the starter there were but'two who took part in the con test' on Saturday, namely, Lesbia and Britisher." Of the horses engaged in the Cup iinarly every one has been backed for a good deal of money, and that by the stable too. Silvenrmine will carry the most"money. The party have planked down their money very freely, and the public follow suit. ioth Rlecall and Silverinne were considered in certain quarters to have a mortgage over the Caulfield Cup ; while, on the otherhand, we hear that Boolkai, Britisher and Ben Boit cannot lose. The latter, who is a Queensland bred horse, was, perhaps, ono of the first backed to any extent, and two or three sensational wagers were booked about the son of Newbold. Little John, the Winter Handicap winner at Geelong, after being backed for a " pot of nioney" was scratched this morning. The attendance on the course was good. . HisExcellency and party were pre sent.' Maroney was scratched for the SCup. SELLING SACE. Of 100 sOs.' Five furlong's. Toronto. (Gorry) ...... 1 IIonora (Power) - " .. 2 Tichborne (Ettridge) .. .. 3 :The starters were :--The Baron, 3"is take, :Seaweed, Cadland, Tichborne, Honora, Land Shark, Millagrida, Ariel. Toronto, and Rouge- et-Noir. ,'1Time--lmin 4sec. The winner was bought in for £160, all of which goes to the club. CAULFIELD STAKES. Of 200 sors. added to a sweepstake of 5 soas, each for acceptors. One mile and a furlong. Isonomy (Quinn) ... ... 1 Manlu (Mr. J. O. Inglis) ... The Nun (Fiddes) .. , . : 3 t he followinghorses started :--Young Horatio, Sheet Anchor, Malua, Highland ° Chief, Isonomy, Grace Darling, Opal, Retort, and The Nun.. : D " Betting : Even money against Malua, 5 tol against Sheet Anchor or Grace Darling, 6 to 1 against Isonomy;, from 10 to 20 to 1 against the others. d t the turn Malma came through, and L vhenin: the straight prbper was in front, but half way up Isonomy collared him, and won. by half a length.. The Nun r third three lengths away, Sheet Anchor r. fourth, Grace Darling fifth; then High. land Chief,: Horatio, Opal, and ;Retort. Time--2min lsec. " d' NtUERY HrANDICA'., t Of 150 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 0 3eovs.eachforacceptors. Fourfarlongs r, and a half. Lady Lovell (Robertson) :.. 1 e Hortenbe (Campbell) . . .. 2 :Bedouin '(Power) :. ' ... 3. ~The starters were :-iortense; Epi curean;Firebrace;Lady Lovell,' ebnsite, Lord Allen; Bugler, Bedouin; Glent. worthl.Citadel, Probation;! Murmur, St.i Michael, Albert L6oddon, Julian Gray, Golden Fleece, Nectarine, and 'The y Dreainer. y Betting: 3 to 1 Hortense, Gto 1 Epi g carean,'8to~l. Firebrace, 1 to 20 to.t; 1 others.' .! At: the distance :Firebrace was in s front, followed by. Bedohin aind Lady d Laoell. The latter making a good run past beat IIortense by a' short neck. d Bedouinutwo and a half lengths'offthird. It Time57sec.? : , i, o T.Hru CAULFIRLD CUP. d . A Handicap'of 1500' s?,r?.? One mile"O 5 andahalf., ' I Ben Bolt (O'Brien).. .. 1 ,Silvermine (Robertson) :. ::2? Britisher (Falleon) .... .3 . ,Theatarters were :--Boolka, Britisher' Silvermine, Zene, 'leasus, Ben Bolt, St, SJohn, ,Burrilda, Lesbia; Recall; Tmhe SLevite, Bonnie Doon, Tarpois, Menitmore, Millstream, Jim GCain, First Codsul, , a Islander. , Betting: :4 to 1 Silvermine orBritiaheir 7 to 1 Boolka,;8 to:l Ben Boltor Recall,': 1i to 1 Lesbia'or St. John 20 to l1~The: , Levite, Zenu, Mentinore; First C6iael, M Ilillstream, 25 to 1 Jim (ain,- Tarej'i," a 30 to l:Burrilda,a mutms or Islanuder. . e After one break away, the flag fell to a fair start, As they'camo up.th, Sstraight St." Johii -in the contre,' Zeno and Britisher, were the most prominent Sat the distance, followed by Lesbia. Passing the stand Zeno was at the head of alairs, attended by The Levite and St. John, the order of the others being, First Conrsul. Ben lI!olt, Tarpeia, and illstream. the Ilatter running very wide. At the tun. lioolka hat taken the lead, and .1i31 (!in fell, but his rider was not lhurt. 31enta ire wivt in front at the sCcodIm turn. f'll-w-,l by Sit. John, t ritisherl ecutl tu lc.slia. The ,rl 131r 1colti .1 lllln m 't thi e t aIIII up the hill except that I'itillher hal mnoved 0'ar,.r thit frtilt. Ilrniitnr to thie back liiotlka cntiinuiil tI, lal,, the next to ' 1nd First ',tul. .\t thfl far tturu l ln i lioi a*i Ii.t lk. a were racing tigether itn hli lead. the pair hbeing Iseplaratcd hy :tishnut two, hengths from llritishler. lTh'e Inttallr C-i ut t ,the flront at the s-d wall. but ;1ave wai to lhinnie I)o0te, the mot t lrmininnu- of the others bLeinu Levite. cIolka. Silvermiuea Leslia, and lcea:ll, Mlillstream and T:trpcih last. Boolka again resumed the lead, Britisher being nearly level with him. Britisher lod into the straight with Bounie Doon. The Levito, Silver. mil,, Ben Bolt and ?oolka together next. Half way down the straight ' ivennine headed the field, and looked all over a winner, but within.200 yards ,of the post Ben Bolt, on the o'tside, cane with a terrific rush, and after a magnificent finish, passed the j"dge's eat .by a head. .Silvermine only leat Iritisher by a long neck for second place. Reeall was fourth, Lesbia fifth, St. John, sixth, Remus seventh, The l.evtte eighth, Tarpoia last. Time "ninl. 42se. - OPEN ILANDICAP STEEP'LECuHSE. If 250 sosy, added to a sweepstake of . ,s each for acceptors., About two miles and a half. C'ontingent (Gardner) ... ... 1 Irishman (Watson) IHavelock (Malone) ... 3 The starters were :-?ldv Ashton, The Irishman, Blackthorn, Lady Car rington, Terang, Brown Eagle, Moon light, Iavelock, Contingent, Victor, Our l:oy Sir Samuel. letting-- to 1 Blackthorn, Ilave lock, or SirSamuel, 5 to 1 Lady Ashton, or Irishman, S to 10 to 1 others. Blackthorn showed the road over the first jump, and next him cameo Sir Samuel. Then Terang led, followed by Black thorn and SirSamuel, with The Irishman next. Sir Samuel led up the hill, fol lowed by Blackthorn and Teraig. Then Teroning went to the front, and showed the way at the sod wall, followed by Sir Samuel, Brown Eagle, and Blackthorn. At the next jump Victor fell. Terang was the first to clear the first of the treble, with lllackthorne, Sir Samuel, and Lay Carrington next. At the logs Sir Samuel came to grief, aihd his rider got an awkward spill, turning nearly a complete somersault, but he was not hurt. Then Lady Carrington showed with a lead of Contingent, but front this I oat the latter was in front, and won easily by about ten lengths fRom Irish man, who came fast round. the turn. HIavelock a good third. Time- Smin. 2Ssec. THE ?TNDsoR IIASDICAl. Of 150 sovs., added to a sweepstake of 3 sors. each for starters. Six fur longs. Don Giovan (G. Johnson .... 1 William Tell (Olds) ..( . . 2 Toronto (Gerry) 3 The starters were - William Tell, Duration, The Ghost, Munwyrtina, All Gold, Straight Shot, Huron, Vascosa, Tichbourne, Sedition, Toronto, St. Albert, Sirocco. The'Baron, Mit M[ia, Ocista, Don Giovan, Lord of the Manor, Donald, Cestus, 3[ustag, Blondon. Betting: e to 1 All Gold, 7 to 1 Toronto, Straight Shot, and William Tell, S to I Sedition, 10,20 to" I others. The flag was lowered to an admirable start, bitt William Tell was soon in front, and carried on the running at a good pace, having the field apparently a at his mercy. At the distance, how ever, he was tackled by Don Giovan, t who, after a fine race, beat him by a Ia length, Toronto was third, Cestus fourth, and The Ghost fifth. Time- 1min. 17secs. 