SPORTING. BV " CESTACH." To morrow brings once again the commencement of tho*grcatest in every sense ot the word, race mooting in tho Southern Hemisphere. Great improvements have taken place since last Derby day, both in the paddock and on tbo hill. The stand erected on the latter place will bo a great boon to many who like to sit and watch tbo racing with something akin to comfort. A now stand has also bocn ero:ted near the entrance from tho hill, which will relievo tho pressure on the old staud and in tbo paddock. All that is wanted is fine weather, which we may expect after the miserable time we have had of it lately with this given in I have.no doubt the sporting public with thoroughly enjoy tho spring meeting of the Victoria Racing 0 Club. The meeting opens as usual with tha Melbourne Stakes, for which an excellent entry, as regards quality, has been received. The Caulflcld and Moonee Valley running makes this race look a good thing for Isonomy, I shall place them Sheet Anchor, Isonomy, and Bravo. 'I have loft Trenton out as I do not think he wi I face the starter. The Hotham Handiool has a large field to pick from, Brown anp Rose, Britisher, and Lesbia look the bestd The Maribyrnong Plate is next on the list. This year there has been no betting for this important event to give one a line as* to the probable winner, however my selection will be Lava, Perhaps, and Miranda. Tho Derby looks a moral for Trident, with Crossfire and Maudelina to fill the places. For tho Selling Race I fancy ffhe Ghost, Stafford and Toronto, and for tho last race of the day, the Cobnrg Stakes, look to Don Giovan, Gardenia, Camnrine and Tho Pencil to furniBh the winner. On Tfiesday tho racing commences with the Hurdle Race, which ought to bo won by Ocean, Sir Launcolot or Blue Mountain. The Kensington Stakes ought to be won by Mistletoe, Sunshade or Lady Lovell. The great event of thB meeting has a very good acceptance list, 39 having paid up, though some of them, Buch as Menotti, Jack Roach, etc., have not a 1000 to 1 ehanco At present I look to Trident to win, with. Little John, Hexham, Isonomy and Ben Bolt to follow him home. For The Oaks I fancy Crossfire, Maddelinu and Tamarisk, and the special Juvenile Stakes looks a good thing for Eckerslcy or Epicurean. 