m warn ram. THURSDAY, JANUARY 21, 1S8G. THE VICTOHIAN POLITICAL SITUATION. Messhs. Service and Berry retire from public life in Victoria after recent political ex- periences of notable character. The sister colony was for years kept in a state of unrest by th» efforts of the Liberals, of whom Mr Berry was leader, to overturn the constitution They failed, bat reform was effected, and effected in the direction desired by the party of which Mr. Service wob leader. The con- stitutional difficulty being thus composed, the way was clear for a coalition of the two leaders on honorable terms, and such a J coalition came about in a natural way. It bas lusted during the whole period of the Parlia- ment now moribund, and was neverat any time in jeopardy. A strong Government held the reins of power, and as a consequence of its strength, accomplished such a tale of valuable I legislation as it does not often fall to the lot of a single Australian Administration to re- ' cord. In his farewell address to the electors of Castlemaine Mr. Service named some of the measures of the Government. It had abolished political patronage, and had estab ' lished competitive examination as the mode of entrance into the Civil Service; it had placed the railways under commercial manage ment, and, if the people chose, the. tail way a could be worked to pay the whole interest on the public debt ; Land Acts had been passed, dealing with the mallee country and the unalienated public estate ; a loan to pay off old loans had been negotiated on favour- able terms ; expenditure had been carefully kept within income ; a^â etops had been \- taken to promote irrigation. Included in the list was a licensing law and shops and factories Act. It was not perhaps unreasonable that the Victorian Premier, looking back upon wh»t the strong coalition had done, should have lather discouraged the idea of a Btrong Op- position. But what has happened under th» Service-Berry reign is exceptional, and can- not be cited in favour of the doctrine that to do effective work a Government must be inordinately Btrong. Apart from the circum- stance that much, of the legislation enacted was of a non-party character, there was in the composition of the coalition itself soute element of check. Distinct lines had sepa- rated the two partie«, and even in the Cabinet those lines were not erased. They were traced ae it were in invisible ink, and would have come to light under the influence of heat evolved by any breach of the conditions of the compromise. The protective policy, for example, was safe, because protection was one of the subjepts discussion of which was tabooed, although Mr. Service is a pronounced free-trader. Hence, the Government could undertake no legislation in which party op- position on the old lines was posùble. Aud such legislation as it did achieve was neces . sarily moulded so that none of the old party conflicts might be awakened. We admit that the legislation of the coalition is as a whole singularly excellent. But party government possesses advantages, neverthe- less, and is not discredited by this happy but exceptional experience in Victoria. The rule must be, where Governments are strong and Oppositions weak, legislation of a high- handed choracter. An Opposition should be a check on the abuse of power ; and in poli- tics as in mechanical adjustments, a check too feeble for its function endangers the safety of the machine. The ideal party government is one in which the government is strong enough in numbers and ability to feel inde- pendent enough to do right, and in which the Opposition is Btrong enough in numbers and ability to maintain an effective criticism of Government measure«, to establish a salutary fear of wrong-doing on the part of Ministers, to con vince a majority of the chamber in case of Ministerial wrongdoing, that in the Oppo- sition worthy successors to the Government may be found. Nor would this ideal be. un- attainable where parties are clearly separated by principle. Tor in all parties the fervour of partisanship varies . in each party, there will be members found close to the common frontier whose zeal for good government yould. be stronger than loyalty to the patty tie. The ideal is of course never reached ; partisanship has a tendency to maintain un- worthy Ministers in office, after they have merited condemnation. Yet, with all its drawbacks, party government is a lesser evil than that irresponsible rule which a strong Administration, confronted by a weak Oppo- sition, may set up. "Wo need look back only a few yeurs in the history of Victoria to sep what a strcing Government may do, if it is unscrupulous and the Opposition powerless, The Barry blight was the fruit of a strong Government. A.S the coalition has conducted the public tusioess during the life of the present Parlia- ment, it is proposed to continue it although ihe leaders retire. Mr. Gillies is to be re- cognised as leader of the Conservatives and Mr. Deakin as lender of the Liberals, Mr Service, preferí ing the term amalgamation to coalition, reminded the hearers and readers ot his speech that resurrection of the old parties would be resurrection not even of tbeir ghosts, but of ' their putrid corpse*. And hence he urged maintenance of the coalition, as a measure calculated to secure the enactment of that further non-party legislation which the country wants. Mr. Service is no doubt right about the putrid corpses, and both Liberals and Conservatives in Victoria would do wisely, in pros- pect of the general election, in defining in what respect they still differ. We fancy it would put either side to a nonplus if it were asked to say distinctly what is now its code of political principles So that a fusion of the parties nominally apart might take place, aud may indeed occur, as the result of the election. In the meantime, a Coalition Government will go to the country, and the political future will be shaped according to the will of the constitu- encies. 