OLD-TIME BRISBANE THEATRICALS. MR. GEORGE DARRELL is perhaps more closely identified with the earlier development of the stage in Brisbane than any other actor now living. The following extracts from that gentleman's reminiscences should prove of especial interest just now. Speaking of old time theatricals in Brisbane, Mr Darrell says : I played Othello originally in 1871 at the old Victoria Hall, which stood upon the site of the present Theatre Royal. I believe that was the first performance of the character given in the city, and the cost of the play was a memorable and in many respects an artistic one. The two principal performers on that occasion are long since dead and gone, and their equals are rare anywhere. I allude to the late Mrs. George Darrell, who played Desdemona, and Miss Rosa Cooper, who enacted Emilia. In those days a manager has great difficulty in finding an artist capable of delineating the standard legitimate parts. When I commenced the profession they were comparatively numerous ; they have passed away from the scenes of their former triumphs and their mantles have almost fallen into desuetude. We played Othello at the old Vic. at the time I allude to for two nights. Gresley Lukin, a very excellent amateur, and now a well-known journalist, was the large, and later on he and I alternated the parts of Othello and lace, and the ladies those of Desdemona and Emilia. The tragedy was presented to crowded houses, and the performance, so said the audience and the critics, was an entirely successful one. In those days, when we used to play Shakespearian and other classical dramas night after night for lengthy Reasons, no manager deemed it necessary to announce that entirely new scenery had been painted for the production or that the dresses had been purchased from Worth. Indeed it was nothing uncommon to play an entire engagement with the ordinary stock scenery run on night after night, and for actors to double their dresses and their "crops" with each other, whilst the possession of a fighting sword and a pair of armour tights insured the happy owner the envy of his brother " pros," On the boards of the old Victoria, I played Hamlet for the first time in my life ; it was the week after the performance of "Othello," and on that occasion, Mr. W. J. Traill the late editor of the Sydney Bulletin played the Ghost with me. Traill was, and is, tolerably deaf, and he used to pick up his cures by watch- ing the cessation of the action of the mouth. I remember so well that performance of "Hamlet," the hall was crowded with an enthusiastic and fashionable gathering headed by the Governor and his lady, and Mrs. Darrell and myself were perfectly smothered with floral offerings and personally congratulated by their excellencies and the notables present. During that visit we played "Money" with the amateurs, I remember Lukin was Evelyn, Traill Stout, and another old friend of mine, Mr. Ryder, enacted Dudley Smooth. They were jolly times, and profitable ones too the rental of the theatre was £3 per week -mark the difference tho rental now is £100 per week-then our weekly expenses were about £100, and the public responded liberally, the dress circle folk turning out en masse to every change of bill. Now the current expenses of the Brisbane Theatre are close on £400 per week. It was nothing uncommon in the old days of the criteria for the audience to experience the added pleasure of a shower-bath, the gaps in the roof being pretty numerous, and I remember, on one occasion when I was playing Macbeth, observing several persons in the front seats raise their umbrellas for shelter, whilst Mrs. Darrell was compelled to tuck up her queenly robes, and made off the stage through a perfect deluge of storm-water. The " Lady of Lyons" was another favourite play with the Brisbaneites, and we were always sure of a bumper house on the occasion of its presentation. Not a few of the old playgoers can remember the performances I speak of, and I have had some very pleasurable chats of late with my old friends of those days. As a consequence, I have been requested on all hands to appear in the three characters I have mentioned, to wit - Othello, Hamlet, and Claude, I intend doing so, thus giving the younger patrons of the drama a taste of my quality in the legitimate rules. I may mention to you en passant that I have, I believe, played Hamlet and Claude more frequently throughout the Australian than any other actor, and they have always been looked upon as my best interpreta- tion?. 