THE BOHEMIAS. Everybody must be pleased to know that the great boa constrictor controversy is settled, for it was a sad thing to see good people falling out about the reptile. These animals were not allowed to come into the world for us to quarrel over. We are clearly meant to IOBO our money over horses, but our tempers about reptiles— no 1 I had the good fortune some time ago to learn a good deal about pythons through a Mend of mine who was very intimate with them. He had travelled much and was a very observant man, and one day in the course of conversation he told me that the boa, so far from being formidable, was the most defenceless and vulnerable creature that ever had the hardihood to attack man, and that he had himself killed many of them. *' What weapon do you employ ?" I asked. " None whatever," he said; "I challenge the animal to attack me, and when he does so I snap him in two. Simplest thing in the world." I do not know whether it was my look or my silence that expressed incredulity, but my Mend seized his hat and stick and said, " If you don't believe me, jump into a cab with me and Til show yon.' 3 Haying unconsciously exhibited a doubt, I felt it would be ungenerous to-re fuse the invitation. We went out into the street and engaged a hansom. " Mile-end Road," was my Mend's direction to the driver, and the journey thither was quite long enough to give me time to reflect, might I not be about to witness the death and ultimate deglutition of my Mend in his effort to fulfil a vain boast and apparently for the purpose of gratifying my curiosity ? It was a dreadful thought. So I broke silence by asking him if he had any weapon with which to dispatch the animal in case the plan failed, "None at all," said he. "Then I will take one," said I; "we can get it on the road." "That we certainly will not," he answered. "If you come bungling about with guns or pistols I shall really be in danger. If you're afraid for yourself, say so, and we'll go back again." "Now you mention it," said I, "it occurs to me that the reptile will be just as likely to attack me as you, and that is an additional reason for having some weapon to fall back upon, but I had not thought of firearms." " You want to run round to his tail and cut it off with a knife, I suppose," said he with a jeer. " And what would be the effect if I did ?" I asked. " Why, amply that the boa would be so many inches shorter," said he, laughing. "It's an old woman's story that that disables the boa; but it does nothing of the kind. If you were to cut him in two in the middle you would disable him, but it would want a saw for that. His ribs are a great deal thicker than your thumb, fle3h and alL" " As you please," said I; "let it be a saw," and I leant back in the cab smoking my cigar, and trying to believe that I was quite indifferent as to whether the man killed the snake or the snake the man. By this time we were not far from where the boa was kept, and my companion stopped the cab, called at a house, and returned with a carriage-whip and a saw, after which he toM the man to take certain turnings, winch led to a low part of the town. " Here's the saw," said the snakekiller; "but it won't be safe for you to use it till I'm about half-way down his throat. Then, if you think it's worth while to give me Christian burial, a few smart strokes across his back will finish him. Till then, don't interfere." On the whole, I felt inclined not to do so, and was comforted to think that my services would not be acceptable until they were useless. Presently we stopped at an uninvitinglooking house in a most rascally neighbourhood. The door was opened to us by a fat, elderly woman, who at once recognised my Mend. "How d'ye do, Mrs. Behrent ?" said he; " Jacob at home ?" Jacob was not home, she said. "How's the boa?" said my Mend "fed yet?" "No; it's time he was," said she. " All right," said he. " I'm just going to take this gentleman to see him, and if any harm comes to the snake I will give you some more when Captain Walker's ship comes in. He is bringing some for me.' "All right, sir," said the woman, sleepily. '' Jacob and I knows you." This conversation had an unnerving effect upon me. I seemed to have suddenly plunged into a land of boa constrictors. It was time tins one had a meal, and Captain Walker was bringing over several more! It was dreadful. Every step I took as I followed my Mend into the backyard I seemed to expect the boa to dart on me from round a corner. It was time he eat! Faugh ! As for the saw, it was not an instrument of lay choosing, and it seemed more useless to me every step I took nearer to the snake. I felt I was being made a fool of by having to carry it. I was minded furtively to deposit it somewhere, but I -reflected that if a man had to face death —for self or friend, or both—he was none the worse for having a saw after all. Besides, my flinging away my weapon might be regarded as evidence of cowardice. We went out into the yard " A very small stock," said my Mend, as he walked on; "striped hyaenas here, monkeys there, jaguar's cubs over theremother's gone to the Zoo—and here's the boa!" There he was, sure enough, coiled up on the floor of his cage. He might have been of any length, because of his coils. He did not look dreadful, but only nasty. Still, there we were, face to face with what might be death, and I felt intensely irritated at being made to bring the saw. There stood my Mend holding the carriage-whip in his hand and looking into the cage. Of course, I thought he would take some little, time to prepare, and would announce to me his plan of operations with directions for united action in the event of common danger, and I began to feel some curiosity as to what he was going to do with the carriage-whip. The fact was I had been so entirely engrossed by thinking what I was to do with the saw that I had quite forgotten to think what he was to do with the whip. I was just going to ask him, when suddenly he flung away his coat and hat, threw open the doors of the cage, and began flogging the boa with the whip. Here was I, in a yard full of wild beasts, in a most disreputable quarter of the town, facing an open cage containing a deadly colossal reptile, which a madman was lashing into fury. I was just beginning to console myself by the reflection that the snake would probably attack his tormentor and not me, when my Mend flung down the whip and took a step out with one foot. The snake's head was swaying to and fro. Bat it was only for a few seconds. Then, like lightning, lie darted at the man. The latter as quickly moved aside, caught the snake by the neck with both hands and snapped him in two. The head was not severed, for the same skin held it as before, but the fracture was evident The man held it up and showed it to me. I ran towards him and seized him by the hand and congratulated him, and begged him never so to jeopardize his life again. "Oh, it'3 the simplest thing in the world," he said; " make him dart at you, and if you catch his neck just as he darts you will find it stiff and capable of being broken; but if you don't seize him at the right place and at the right moment you are a dead man." I almost forgave him for the saw. The times are veiy hard. There is no doubt that the "depression" has been almost universal. It has gone down lower than was at first thought possible. A few days ago I passed two meu who were walking in front of me talking. They were both in a humble rank in life. The one who was speaking as I passed said as follows:—"I told 'im, says I, I've only taken 5s. for you this week, and there's 24s. to pay out of it on Monday, says L Had not you better call a meeting of your creditors ? says I. So he says, Yes, he would; and according on Monday they all came, and they says " This was all I heard as I went by. But how can one pity people who are hard up when so many means of making a living are obvious? Why don't they expose spiritualism ? Anything like an exposure of what a good many people believe is sure to take. There are few men who will not pay handsomely to have their own follies exposed, but all thoroughly enjoy hearing their neighbours' beliefs held up to ridicule, and will attend night after night with a thick umbrella to beat the floor with. It is very easy to expose spiritualism. It is just as easy as to expose medical science, and for the same reasons; its victims are numerous and its professors contradict one another. Some say that the spirits who go about rooms at stances and move and rattle things are of a low sort, if not infernal. Others say that these disembodied parties are the ghosts of their deceased relatives, highly respectable, and living in independence and even bliss. A curious instance came before my notice of a contradiction in the views and aspirations of spiritualists. A friend of mine, Mr. Boscawen, who held the common Christian belief as to there being a future world for the evil and for the good—the immortality of the soul, in short—had recently taken to attending stances, not in order to confirm his belief, but at the invitation of Mends and from curiosity. He had perhaps attended a dozen. One day he told me that the result was most painfuL Ever since the last seance or two he had been haunted. It was six months since he had been to any spiritualist gatherings, and for all that time and more he had been persecuted. As he sat at breakfast there would be continual tappings on the table, the fender, the tea-kettle, the door-handle, or the window-pane. When he sat at his desk in his office the inkstand and the chimneypiece would be rapped in the same way, and pens would rattle and books tumble out cf the shelves when there was no one there to touch them. His dinner was as unhappy as his breakfast, and when he went to bed he heard footsteps moving about the room, and a succession of noises retarded sleep, and interrupted it when it came. He said— ' It is as if the spirits said, 4 You came after us, and now we won't leave you.'" But this was not all. He heard voices, he said. When he was shaving, a voice spoke thrice loudly in his ear, " Cut your throat and go to heaven !" He gave up shaving. When the train in which he was travelling had attained express speed a voice would sound near him commanding him to " jump out of the carriage," and if he examined a tray of diamonds at a jeweller's his unseen monitor would order him to " kill the man and rob the shop." These were a few among the instances which he gave me. He said the nuisance arose from going to the stances; he was sick of it and wanted to get^ rid of it Now, Boscawen was a strong, healthy fellow, a good man of business, and with no silly fancies about him, unless these were so. As the mischief had arisen from spiritualism, h said he would go to a famous spiritualist for the cure. Anxious to know what sort of exorcism would be employed I accompanied him. The great spiritualist was out, but would soon return, and we were shown into the drawing-room. It was a quaint, weird-looking place. Portraits of mediums and "spirit drawings" hung round the walls, a mysterious langour pervaded the room, and the imagination inclined to people the ebony chiffonniere with black familiars and to think a genius was imprisoned in the little party-coloured bottles of Bohemian glass. Besides ourselves there were only two other people in the room, and they seemed to savour strongly of the genius of the place. They were man and wife, and each apparantly about 70 years of age. The man was small and spare of figure, grey-haired, but nearly bald, with a pale, cadaverous countenance, wrinkled brows and cheeks, lantern jaws and big, staring eyes, which might once have been hazel. The woman was, if possible, thinner, and she wore an ill-made and shapeless grey dress, from the scanty sleeves of which protruded a pair of freckled, skinny, yellow hands. A close-fitting cap concealed her hair, if she had any, little grey ferret's eyes were sunk in her pinched-up face, and her thin lips, when they parted, disclosed broken, yellow teeth, with many a black gap between. For some time Boscawen and I sat silent, nor indeed was there anything in the circumstances or in the appearance of the aged couple to invite conversation. At last, however, the lady broke silence. In an asthmatic voice she said, addressing me, "I presume, from meeting you here, that you are a believer in spiritualism 2" "Certainly, madam," I answered ; "I am a spirit myself." The old man's mouth fell open and his big eyes yawned and fixed themselves upon me with a blank helpless stare; but the lady, after a short glance of surprise, exhibited an angry expression. So, to avoid an appearance of rudeness, I continued, " And I was about to add that, though still encumbered with a body, I am as respectable and well-conducted a spirit as those who come to stances and rap at tables, and I believe I could give as good information about worldly matters." The old man seemed relieved to think that, though he had come to a spiritualist's house, he had escaped seeing a spirit, and then the talk became general. The old lady began, in her half-whisper, to tell us of the spiritual experiences of herself and her husband. They had witnessed dark stances and light stances, and had heard spirits call through trumpets, and had seen the flowers they had scattered over the circle. They had had spirit - writing and spirit - drawing and abundant communications through the planchette. "You see, we have been highly favoured," she continued, " but Etfll we hope for more. We are waiting for the voice." "The gift of speaking"! in unknown tongues, I presume ?" said I. " Oh, dear no !" said she; " nothing so great as that. By ' the voice' we mean hearing the spirits speak to us." "Do you expect to arrive at that by the direction of the gentleman we are waiting to see?" asked Boscawen earnestly. "He might perhaps guide us to it," said the lady. "Then," said Boscawen, rising, "I think I won't wait for him, and wiLL take ray leave of you. 4 The voice' is precisely the thing from which I have suffered for die last six months. It is the great affliction of my life, and is continually prompting suicide or murder. I trust you, madam, and your aged partner in life may live many happy years unhaunted by Buch a curse. Bohemian, let us go; there must be a remsdy, but it is not here." No one ever hears any complaint of a misfit when an old bouse tries on a coat of paint. If yon want to know how small a man is, give iiim an office or let him become suddenly wealthy. " My dear fellow, how glad I am to meet you again. It is years since we parted. You look well, healthy, flourishing." " Oh, yes ; I'm enjoying my patrimony. And you; how have you been? You look rather ill and out of sorts." " Yes ; I've been enjoying my matrimony. Difference of sex in fortune betweea us, that's all." 