4 4 . ". `IEAV SW1E sometines ,wonder why they call it " Happy New Year." A A season can't possibly be so i' very mirthful which suggests the ta limit reached by the patience of our various dun.s. And then the indigestion induced by that over plus of Christmas pudding has hardly worn off, while our nose is still sunburned from those Bosing Day spurts, and our best summer art have benl in quarantine since we ise? --iknelt down ini that cherry pie s the Sundiay Sehooil picnic. And then the arrival of the First of January has made it so easy to refer to things that happened 'last year," the pur chase of the uissus' last new bonnet, for ictauce, or of that largest of our various ,all bors' last new suit, which already 1,45s sa d evidenices of debility, especially under the eaves of his jacket. Sw,, will arise in grisly array before us the ghosts of those many promnises which e- "ere to, fulfil " next year." Next year hc arrived, and that means another pay nent on our freehold villa, and a further tecuniary acknowledgment to the man we bought the piano of. It also means several inches in length upon the limbs of the "kids," and that implies so many gyra tio s of tile same to the minute and so much mote good shoe leather gone wrong. I iurtlter suggests an enlargement of that hare space onsl our dome-like summit, and the presence of a few additional mourners at the funeral of that grey hair we ex tracted last Sunday. But wre suppose there are compensating circu:stances hanging around somnewihere, if we can only unearth them. For in sta:ue, tihat touch of biliousness above al ltded no will prevent our making a fool of cunieves over the New Year feast. Our i?n?.burned proboscis will teach us humility and oewer our personal pride. The loss of our lawn-colored unmentionables will pre vent our trying to pass ourselves off as a dude. And, then, what if the missus' headgear must be so often renewed ? Onghtn't we to be thankful that she still sets off a new bonnet so well, and looks younger every ar., while Joes' helpmeet was taken for his mother-in-law the other day, for a fact: As for thie small boy, why, the longer his legs grow the nearer he sp preaches tile great day when he may be able to join an Australian Eleven or row a boat so fast as to arouse the enthusiasm of con?tinents; a time when he shall have quite outgrown the necessity for that cor prreal correction the infliction of which we alreadte find about as irksome to us as it is painful to him. Then the homestead is more nearly our own with each of those annoying " part ings," and the piano keeps the youngsters out of mischief and breakages enough to more than pay its value twice over. To be sure, baldness is not beauty, but then wisdom sometimes accompanies it, and, may be, by the time we resemble the pro verbial billiard ball, we shall be wise enough to stay at home on Cup Day and. cease to grumble at the shortcomings of legislators who are so hopelessly given over to asininity as to render our worry. a pure. waste of energy. So it seems, somehow, that the' Newv Year isn't such a pernicious institutibo after all. In fact, it is a grand opportu nity, a turning over a clean, new leaf with the past quite out of the way for a time. Let ts, therefore, draw a long breath, be thankful for what we have of happiness; aust to get more, pay our newspaper sub criptions, and so make for ourselves and the world at large . .. A HAPPY NEW YEAR, ! . 