CHAFFS FROM THE CROWD. " This is my first visit to a racecourse," said a smart looking English gentleman in Lliu train to a casual acquaintance, ilo then carefully folded up a newspaper so as to show the belting quotation readily, and discoursed airily about the lavontcs. Tho moment he (Missed the railway barriur he cast an eagle eyenround the course, and swoo|>ed straight to the nest of the oof bird, which cackles not, but roars as Marco I'olo said the ostrich did. It was very fluttering to the Sportsman to sue tliu number uf people who had (Misted, its pink paper list of probable starters in their note-book, and went for 44 Vigilant'" tips. One flue tquitumling s|>ccimcn of a boundary rider evidently couldn't trust himself to small print, nnd ho kept the list, cut nub from the lending article, in the udm of his brand hand. The saddle-clotli lienring the horse's number for tlio race proved a great convenience to the spectators.. Jockeys' colors arc not quickly taken note of, and when the same owner has a couple of horses in the one race, Indies and most of their escorts can never tell t'other from which by the extra baud one of the juckuyH wears. , Bless thu ladies! Where would tlio pictur- esqiiuncsH of a race meeting bo without, them ? "Ih that man taking bets on a steeplechase?" said one sweet hoyden. "He is shouting, tho field, bar one." And they go round the paddock ami wonder . that such beautiful horses are being minded by littlo boys. Tho crush round Trident. Maddulmu and Volcano was continuous until the bell rang for them logo on the course. Aglno also attracted much attention to his handsome self. < The sfcampedo to thu stands to get a view of the Derby raco wan a thing to bo remembered. Upthe people rushed from' J'nddoclc ami J.awn, ; and down the Hill in front of tho now stand, until there was one vast, serried slope of faces nearly -100 feet high. 41 Oh, look what Holes is doing, " exclaimed a pretty little actress, ns that famous horse- man started Trident for Ids preliminary can tor, " llo will tire thu horse out before the race begins." Then First Consul tried to bolt, and ull watched O'Brien's struggle with interest. At last tho horses got to the start ing post, nnd ufter some lidgebting they went off splendidly. "See," exclaimed thu littlo actress, whose excitement caused her to audibly express her thoughts "There is ono left behind. Who wears a scarlet coat ?" She was too pretty to laugh at. "There nro a lot of horses before Trident," slio exclaimed, as with glasses screwed to her oyes she watched the group sweeping along by tho sheds. Then therocanica great clamoring, aim! everyone rose from their scats as the horses came tear ing into tho straight " Cliuslintn; Clicslmni, lie won't bo caught," was tho cry. " Trident's' coining. See, see, he'll do it." Ami then a tromemlouH chcor went up as the favorite cleared past Oheshain. Tlio cheering was kept up, nudthcpcopleon tho Flat rushed the courso almost before the Inst horse hnd pissed the judge's chair, in order to get a close view of thoir favorite. Tlio bookmakers on tho Hill arc hard put to it to prove thoir buna tides. They label their bags nnd books, nud dress, so that they can be " spotted '' in a crowd a mile off ; but still the ; public hesitate. Two at least, however, on Saturday wcro very successful in inspiring confidence. Thoy brought their wives,, and kept them close nt hand, and occasionally the " fjookie " would say to his clerk. "Tell Aire Fit/, not to go far. 1 want to speak to her after this race." Home very smart youths on tho Hill had arranged with a friend iu tlio (Midd.ick to signal thorn tho riders of certain horses, and tlicy looked very knowing waiving handkerchiefs over tho wall looking into the paddock. . Tho excitement about the Selling Bacc was very amusing. Half-an-hour before the time ,10 to 1 could have been got anywhere against .Tho Ghost. Thou mysteriously his price rose to 0 to -I and even money. 44 He's on tho job 1" roared ft bookmaker, in reply to a question from a client. 44 Back Worry's mount," was a tip that ran round, and it was astonishing how quick the news got on to the Hill. ,. llowie, Hi iron's ruler, linda pretty shrewd ,idcft though that he could upset The ( inostpot. It is said that lie advised his father to back Huron, and the old gentleman won L200 by following tho advice. .Daystur's victory in tho Coburp Htakos was another unexpected win. Lots of tho book -makers hadn't his name on their books. His party did. pretty well though. One young ; fellow from Gippslaud, happening to see one ,of thu stable ou tho course, was told lie was worth backitig, mid knowing a little about the animal he did so, and carried heme to his in- credulous relatives the L100 note ho had re ceived with thu L-l he risked. Bon Bolt's party on Saturday we're still ; very confident of their clmnco for the Cup. More tliiui ono visitor to Melbourne from the jcomitry received a friendly hint to back him, 'no matter how he stood in the market. 