THE COURTING OF ? ' ' MARY_SMITH. By F. W. ROBINSON, Author of 'Grandmother's Money,' 'Anne '? Judge, Spinster,' 'Little Kate Kirby,* 'The Black Speck,' 'Lazarus in London,' &c.; \ ? (Published by special arrangement with the authoc - All rights reserved.] BOOK IL— CASTLE LOVETT. Chafteb XIV, — The Humiliation of Jans Rebchain. Jonathan Loyett sipped at his brandy anoL ? : seltzer, and waited patiently for the arrival o Jane Rebchain. This was the first business o* - '?':- the night, '# was evident. Presently there came a single knock — 'a solemn dab'— on the panels of the drawing room door, and Mr. Lovett called out 'Coma in!' In response to this invitation Verity's. ? vnairi finnparpH. SLtiA oAvsinrwl uritih lai/iw Bfarw ' - towards her master, and with furtive glances: at him from under her heavy brows. Tnis was a young woman on guard, who had expected all that evening to be summoned, and was : prepared, as she thought, with, her de fence ; and a simple and chaste style of defence it was to be, even though Mr. Lovett would not believe a single word that she uttered. She had quite made up her mind not to know anything ; she had heard nothing ; she was as much deceived as anybody - at Castle Lovett ; she had not been in Misa . ' Verity's confidence ; she might have been: ' . : knocked down easily with a feather when tits- - first tidings had reached her ears that her ' young mistress had disappeared; she should. ? : have never dreamed of such a thing. . . Still, it was an ordeal tor any one to face the :? master, who was not in all respects an amiable- . ; master, and who saw as far into a milestone aa- - * - most folk, and did not, as a general role, attri bute the best and moBt unselfish, motives to bis kind. He had had a stern experience of lifet and eeen much fighting in life's battles^ and much underhand, greedy, despicable^ : work to. keep to the front, and go oa with a rush over the bodies of those who were down — who had given up in despair of 'fair play, or of God's help against fouL He had not been always too particular himself as to what was fair or foul, when thousands and tens of thousands of pounds might hinge upon tha next strategic movement; he had been a sharp man all his life, keen and persevering and stern ; he had got very rich, and Castler Lovett had been the end of it all, and yet he hardly looked that night as if the end were peace. „ 'Do you know why I have sent for yon? he asked, when Jane, Rebchain was facing him. 'No, sir.' . x_ ? 'Can't yon guess?' was the sharp, jerky enquiry. . ,, ? '? It's about Miss Lovett, I .suppose^sir,' she replied, hesitatingly ? ; ' batj^on^ ™»f Z7T '1 don't want to hear anyjfliing about Mm Lovett,' he said, interrupting her; 'I shall hear enough of that from other people presently. It Is very likely yonhavBhelped her to get away ; it is quite possible that aba was able to get away without your help-and in either caae, Rebchain,' he added coolly, 'I should not believe a word you told mem explanation.' - ? . - - 'I have been a good servant, to this house, Mr. Lovett,' she answered quickly; 'there's - never been a word said against me. I've given everybody satisfaction, and ifa nobody's right . . to teke^y character away. Ifs a crying «bame on a poor girl to make out ? ' 'Tha«l id I' roared Mr. Lovett at her. There was no occasion for the master jto exhibit to Verity's maid any of that charming self-possession which had distinguished him so remarkably that evening ; it was asuperflous eelf -restraint in this instance, and as it .gave him some trouble, he abandoned itat once. He preferred to shout at her, 'being firmly con vinced of Jane Rebchain's duplicity, and not caring to listen to any harangue upon the virtues which she wanted him to believe she jossessed. She gave a little jump, and turned suddenly very white, bob: the browB contracted still snore, and the eyes had an angry flash in them that 'was ominous 'of a storm brewing if Mr. Iiovetfs tirade against her exceeded the bounds of her patience. ' 'I don't want to hear you talk— I've rung tor yon to hear me,' he said, when he had silenced her by his last outburst. 'I give you a month's notice from to-day, Mr. Lovett,' she said, breaking out. 'I baven't been used ? ' 'ThaffU. do!' roared Jonathan Lovetfc, again; 'yon listen to me, young woman, and if yon have anything to say afterwards— say it. 3Bnt it's my turn to speak first.' Jane Bebchain struggled with an expression of adverse opinion which was rising to the surface* swallowed something like a large apple in her throat, ground her teeth together, thought 'how handy that seltzer bottle would lie to hammer him over Che head with, and re mained silent, as adjured. ' Do you know what penal servitude means, Bebcham?' he enquired, when the maid had once more relapsed into quiescence. ' Penal— servitude— sir?' Bhe repeated, in evident surprise; 'what's — what's that to do with me?' 'Yon will understand that presently, when yon. have been tried and found guilty,' he said, sternly, and rising from his chair to give emphasis to his next words; 'for, Jane Eebchain, yon are a thief !' 'Mr. Lovettr ' You haye BtolenSrom me a Russian leather bag containing valuable papers,' he continued ; ' yon took it fronrmyroom on the night of the fire at the Scarletpool Hotel— you were seen to doit. I have witnesses to prove it ; they met you in the corridor with my bag in your hand. You have been watched ever since.' Jane Eebchain's eyes distended with horror now. She had not been prepared for this coup deihedtre, and was not ready to meet it. Time had passed by, and Mr. Lovett had been so -very quiet over it alL It was awfully strange that it should hare cropped up this night of all nights, and after all these weeks. She was smazed,and off her guard, andmentally prostrate now. Therewasafinevjiewofthegaolbeforeher mental vision— a startling picture of an assize court, with judges and witnesses and police men, and her master as the inflexible prose / cntor. She was completely vanquished ; she gave a wild howl of dismay, and sank down upon her knees before her incensed employer. 'For mercy's sake, Mr. Lovett, don't be too bard upon me — oh-! don't be too hard?3 she wailed forth. 'I didnt tumh — I didn't fftinlr there was any harm in it. I thought you would be glad I had saved something from the fire. Oh ! don't send me to prison— the poor orphan girl yon have -always been so kind to, and brought up from a child— oh ! don't dis grace me, don't! don't! don't 1' and here Jane Eebchain flung her arms spasmodically sound the calves of the cotton-spinner, and, by this unlooked- for movement, very nearly brought him to a sitting position on the carpet beside her. He staggered to the chair he had quitted and sat down. 'Let go, -woman ! Don't be such a fool !' . ne exclaimed. 'I don't want any play-acting here ; I have had enough of that. Yon can't \- get over me with any nonsense of that kind — it will only set me against you more. Will ?yaah/bgof ' You will not send me to prison ! Not the .gaol— for Heaven's sake, not the gaol, sir !' she-entreated. 'leave go, then.'' Mr. Lovett's first idea was to recover the free use ©this legs; it was an embarrassing position, And highly deficient in dignity, Jane Eebchain relaxed her hold, and he drew himself imme diately very dose to the table and put his legs underneath it, and well out of the way of any anore nonsense of that kind. Then he turned 4o her again.. 'Get me that bag directly, and then I will see what is to be done,' he said. 'Ihaven't:gotit.' . ..'What!' ' I haven't seen it for a week; upon my soul and body, I haven't sir I' she cried, still kneel ing on the carpet facing him. 'You mayn't believe ice,' but ifs gospel truth. Bring me a , Bible and let me take my oath upon it, if yon won't take my word.' .'^shouldn't believe you any more for that, youidiot! Where has the hag gone? What save yon done with it? Who hasgotitnow?' sb cried. - . . * - 'Miss Verity.' * 'TShe has got the bag ! Verity !' he re peated, 'my. bag!' 'Yes, sir. ! She — she found it in my room,' continued Jane Eebchain ; 'I had it there. I -didn't like to take it back-after so long a time, and when I couldn't explain why I'd kept it. And— and she said Bhe would give it you her self, and ask you to forgive me. She was very. . / . fond of me, sir j she would have done anything ibr me ; and 2 wouldn't have minded dying for her, and she knew it ; and then to go away 'without telling jne a word — without so much as thinking to take me with her out of all this bother.' . . Mx. Lovett regarded the speaker very dubiously. \- Jane Eebchain was much too fluent in her ?.-?-?-. distress to please him, ~ ' . . ~'=Do you know what was in that bag J', \- ? . 'I never knew, sir. I couldn't open it. I never tried to open it, so help ? ' *' Never mind that,' lie cried, interrupting . . her; 'goon. You held it back in the hope of a reward, ehf . . - 'I thought something might be offered for it presently— at least; my young man, did,' j she replied hesitatingly. j ' Oh 1 you've a young man, have you? And you told him all about my bag V 'I asked him what was best to be done.' 'Yes; and what did he say?' ' He said I'd better wait.' ~ ' Where does he live 1' ' Ooalsby, sir.' 'What's his name? 'Driver.^ * ' What's his exact address?' '74, Milkwhite Court,' she said, with great rapidity, and like one .anxious to impart the fullest information. Mr. Lovett wrote the address in pencil on 4he cuff of his shirt.. ' That will do. Now get off your knees, troman.' ? 'Ami forgiven, sirf she enquired, evi dently -determined not to change her suppliant position until fully assured upon that point.' 'I will not send you to prison,' he replied, after a moment's further deliberation; 'no; I won't do that.' ?' Thank you, Mr. Xiovett ; I didn't think you would,' said Jane Eebchain rising. ' ' But you must go away from here.' ' I expect that, sir.J- 'And you will go away now.' ^'To-night?' Eaidthemaid,astoniBhedagaiii. \- . ' Do you mean this very night 1' 'I mean this very minute.' Jane Eebchain stood, with, her bjg white hands, considering this crisis in her career, and with the color .flickering back into her cheeks, After a moment she looked up and said, with almost cheerful alacrity, 'I don't mind, sir, if yon wish it. If you've lost confidence in me the sooner I'm gone the better. I'm not without friends who'll see after me and take care of me. My young' man's mother for one — my cousins in Liver pool-*perhapsMiss.Veiity, when she's married, and comes to hear as Tve been driven away — perhaps ? ' 'I wish yon wouldn't gabble so muoh,' growled her master, rising from his chair once more; 'sit down, will you?-«-and wait here till I come back.-' He was out of the room before she could answer him; and the instant afterwards the key turned in .the lock of the big door. Jane Eebchain xan to the floor at once, as though fearful of a new danger, tried the handle, and hesitated' as if contemplating a -vigorous scream or .two, and another appeal to the master's feelings before he could get out of hearing; sat down in a chair by the door, and thought better of her first impulse; got up and moved recklessly towards the front ?windows of the drawing-room ; drew the blind aside, and looked out at the darkness ; walked to the back windows, and stood with her hand upon the fastening of the shutters, as if it wo* advisable to slip out that way and be . off before Mr. Lovetfa return $ changed her mind once more, and tramped slowly and heavily towardsihe table where the brandy was, the fright dying out of her face and the stolid aspect* which was more natural to her, re turning to her features. - ' He said he wouldn't send me to prison,' she. muttered; and, with the rest of the Lancashire world, she had faith in Jonathan Lovett's word.. She had a wholesome fear of prison, and that being dispelled there was not a great deal to distress her. She tilted some neat brandy from the decanter into a tumbler and drank it off at a draught. This would fortify her nerves for the next step, whatever it might be. There was nothing like brandy, she thought, and she was fond of brandy. - Stimulated by brandy she wasa match for that old wretch who had locked her in. - She^-and then she gave a nervous jump, not having recovered hercomposure, or being sufiiciently 'forti£ed'-^asthe key turned in the lock, and Mr. Lovett reappeared, followed* by a servant bringing in' a small bag, . a smart hat and feather, and a black jacket dangling by orie sleeve, and trailing behind him on the ground, ancompany with a white woollen something' forihe throat All these things were deposited vffamt faf Jane Eebchain ; and Mr. Lovett *aid,_befDrethe footman withdrew— : ? Yuur boxes and things will be sent- on in . the -morning, when you let the housekeeper know where you are. ' I will send for them.' 'Just as you please — only don't let me see your face in this house.' Jane Eebchain looked curiously at two door keys which were dangling from the fingers of Mr. Lovett, and said — 'I will just go to my room before ? ' 'Before you leave here? Oh, no! I have locked yours and Miss Lovett's. All you have to do, Jane Eebchain,' remarked her master, ' is to get out of this, and sharp.' 'You are not merciful, sir,' ehe said, be tween her set teeth. 'lam more merciful than you deserve,' was the reply, 'and you know it.' Jane Sechbain did not respond to this. She was afraid of Mr. Lovett now ; the brandy had not done her any good ; she did not know what might follow that night's movements— the locking up of her room, her flitting away in search of a new home, and with tne cer tainty of a new life. He was too quick for her, and he -200s very hard. . She put on her hat and jacket, took up her bag, -opened it, looked in and shut it with a sharp snap, and then moved towards the door. As she passed her master, he put money into her hand, and her fingers closed very quickly, if silently and unthankfully upon it, and then she went on to the hall, where were servants waiting and watching, and where, in the dis tance and over the balusters of the grand stair case, gleamed distant faces of subordinates, who had already heard the news that Jane Eebchain was to go, and who would have thought it more of a shame to treat her thus, and after all all these years, had they loved Jane Eebchain a little more themselves. When the entrance door was opened Jane started back. A dog- cart, with a groom hold ing in a restive horse, was waiting without. 'What's that for?' 'Peter will drive you into Ooalsby,' ex plained Mr. Lovett; 'you can't walk all that way at this time of night.' ' Jane'turned quickly to face her master— to say something to dispute his theory, or to defy his orders, and assert her independence— and the eyes blazed with fire for an instant as she looked at him. Then she took a long deep breath, said 'Very well,' and walked out of Castle Lovett and on to the broad stone step outside. 'That will do. Shut the door, Eobert,' said Mr. Lovett, ' and take care, all of you — and as you care for your places — that that woman never comes into my house again. And having improved the occasion and pointed the moral of unfaithful service, he walked into the drawing-room ; and the instant afterwards Jane Eebchain was driven away along the shadowy country road to Coalsby, where the fires were blazing from the factory shafts and crimsoning the sky and waiting for her. Chapieb XV.— Foeethodght. Mr. Lovett was having a busy night of it, but he was equal to the occasion. All his life he had been proud of being equal to the occa sion, and had thought that he was. He was : acting the Spartan father, he thought ; and if only the servants were his audience, still the news would spread by-and-bye that 'Old Lovett' had borne his troubles Veil. Let that fact go forth to the world, as well as the news that ids daughter had run away with a play actor, and his daughter's maid had been bundled out of the establishment at midnight, and with scarcely a moment's warning, and without her boxes ; and let them blurt out any other scraps of news which they might gather from his subsequent proceedings, and which in 'his heart he would prefer to be talked about at Coakby with 'the rest of it.' Jonathan Lovett seated himself before a Davenport, and was busy preparing for 'a long write.' He was not partial to penman ship — he had led too active a life to love the Bight of pen and paper — but here was a neces sity and a duty, and he must buckle to it. One thing had already, become fixed on his mind — an unpleasant and uncomfortable fact — that if he were to die before another will could be prepared 'that actor fellow,' as Verity's husband, would come in for all his money. The man would have been successful in all his plans, and trickery would be rewarded by a large fortune and estate. It was as well to alter that at once ; he was not a nervous man, but he was sure he should not rest in his bed whilst that condition of things prevailed —the horror of Foster Deane's becoming the master of Castle Lovett' was too strong upon him. If ever a man were justified in rising from his grave and in annoying other folk not sufficiently prepared for the cemetery, it would be himself, with his daughter Verity sole heires3 to all that he possessed, and Foster Deane for her lord and master. He was not superstitious — he was too hard and practical and far- seeing, he considered — but he was beset by the strange idea that he should certainly die before the morning— by one of those remarkable coinci dences which will occur in real life as in bookB — if .he did not alter all this, and allow not the ghost of a chance for the man and woman who iad plotted against hia peace and served him so badly. It was a ponderous task with his heavy heart and heavy thoughts, his slow progress and his cramped handwriting, and evenhis bad spelling, but he plodded on to the end, his eyes a trifle more protuberant, and his thick tongue inclined at times to hang out over his chin, after the fashion of a painstaking schoolboy with his copy... The gilt trophy on the mantelpiece — representing a vigorous procession of the infant hours following Old Time — a work of art some three feet long, wherein it was difficult to dis cover at first glance what on earth the designer had done with the clock— struck hour after hour, chimed quarters and halves and three quarters, but he worked on, stolidly and per sistently, as he had done long ago, night after night, at his cotton spinning — and afterwards at Iris ledgers and cash-books, when he had had four thousand men and women to spin for him. He had completed his task at last, and was reading it over with the pen between his lips, as coolly as a man might read his newspaper, when the door opened and Mary Smith came quietly into the room, dressed just the same as he had seen her hours ago, when she had bidden Km goodnight and she had gone away, as he thought, till morning. He lowered his manu script slightly and frowned at her over the top of it 'What are yon prowling about the place for, Miss Smith?' he said, very tetchily. 'I thought you were asleep hours ago.' ' No, sir. I cannot sleep.' 'Well— you might contrive to keep to your own room.' 'Mrs. Dalrymple has sent me down to make sure where you were,' was the explana tion proffered. 'She is nervous and low to bight' ?? Very likely. She often is.' 'She does not take this trouble as — as you do, Mr. Lovett,' continued our heroine. ' I am afraid she is very ill.' ' She is never ill,' said Mr. Lovett, firmly ; '* she often fancies she is ; but it is fancy. Ail women are fanciful.' ' She would like to see you before you go to bed.' ' She sends that message?' he enquired. 'Yes.' ' I'm not going to bed yet.' ' She is in no hurry,' Mary Smith replied ; ' but she cannot rest until she has seen you, she desires me to tell you. She is in a very excited state, Mr. Lovett.' 'Yes— I know her,' was the phlegmatic comment here. ' I have not seen her like this before,' added |i?r infontant. 'I have, hundreds of times. You don't know Mrs. Dalrymple, quite.' ' I think I understand her to-night better than I have done hitherto,' said Mary Smith, thoughtfully, ' And you consider she is ill 2' 'Yes.' ' Then why don't you send some one for a doctor?' said Mr. Lovett. ' I can't do her any good — can I ?' ' I think you can.' ^ Eh?' And here Mr. Lovett set the docu ment upon his knees, and his hands upon the document. ' What do you mean by that ?' ' A few words from you — an assurance from you — would set her mind at rest,' said Mary Smith. ' She is over-anxious — she is unhappy. You ?will come?' said Mary Smith. 'Of course I will come.' ? 'JSow ?' 'No. Presently.' * 'Shall I tell her in five minutes — ten minutes V 'Confound it!— tell her what you please !' cried Mr. Lovett, impatiently. ' Don't you see Fin busy — that I have work on hand, and mtfet finish it, and- will finish it, before I'm bothered by a fanciful, old woman ? Tell her I am coming — say in ten minutes, if you like.' 'Thank you — I will,' and away flitted Mary Smith again, and Jonathan Lovett stood at the door which she* had closed behind her, a man who had been evidently put out by the intiusion, and was taking his time to recover. 'No peace,' he muttered, before he rang the bell violently, and brought the footman . into his presence once more. . 'Who is in the servants' Jiall, James !' 'William and Richard, and one or two more,' was the reply. 'Peter, has come back, sir.' 'Oh ! has he ? I didn't hear the trap. Tell him I want him-; and here, you, sir, come back with him, will you ?' 'Yes, sir,' T^ie footman departed, and presently re appeared in company with Peter, a lanky, high shouldered, red-nosed man, of a' nervous tem perament,' who advanced on tiptoe, and with a painful snort. . 'Where- did you leave Eebchain, Peter?' 'At the first village, sir.' \- 'Didnt.yon take her to Coalsby?' 'She wonldn't go. sir. She jumped out of the trap when I slackened for a moment going np the SSI, -and said she wouldn't go any furder for king, or country. And'shexlidn't, . either,' added Peter; 'and -as she'd got -up on the causeway by the poet office, and iTras downBtairs in the road, sir, I couldn't do any thing but let her go.' 'No. She was not your prisoner,' remarked Mr. Lovett, ' and, so that she has gone, it does not matter where to, Peter.' 'She were a drefful temper, sir,' Peter observed. 'Very likely.' 'She were ? ' 'Yes. Tell James all about that when you get him downstairs,' said Mr. Lovett, interrupting him ; ' now shut your mouth and attend to me. Can both of you write ?' Both men responded in the affirmative. ' Very well. Now witness this signature of of mine,' said the master, ' and put your own underneath it, and where I tell you. Do you see?' Both men saw perfectly. Jonathan Lovett folded the document, as if not anxious that his witnesses should see the nature of the contents of his last labored com position, and then affixed his name with great care, passing the pen afterwards to his servant James, and indicating where he should sign, and that being done, taking Peter in hand, who was very slow indted, and had to spell his name to himself, and in a sepulchral under tone, to make sure of it. 'That'll do,' said Mr. Lovett, when this business wasconcluded, 'and here's a sovereign apiece for keeping you up Lite ; and just wait another quarter of an hour, and then if my ball does not ring one of you upstairs, put the lights out and go to bed. Do you under stand?' Yes ; they both understood these simple in structions of the master, who blotted the paper to which the signatures had been attached, and then put it into the breast pocket of his coat. He walked out of the room and up the broad staircase after this, and along the corridor towards his sister's chamber, the door of which opened as he advanced. His creak ing boots heralded his approach to Mary Smith, who had been listening for him patiently. Chaptek XVI.— -Mbs. Dalrtmple's Ex CITplIENT. Emma Dalrymple, ' relict of Robert Dal rymple, Esquire, was lying in bed with her hair curled in manifold papers — af ter her usual fashion in the hours of her retirement — and with her broad flushed face, on which was the impress of manifest trouble, peering just above the coverlet. Her brother Jonathan walked in and looked down upon her critically. He saw that slis looked red, and that her eyes were very watery ; if he had not known her all his life for an abstemious woman he should have con sidered that she had been drinking rather hard. At the sight of him she burst into tears, and began tossing her head to and fro, the curl-papers crackling and making hideous noises. ' What's the matter, Emma ?' he asked. 'Oh! Jonathan,' you know,' ehe cried, 'you know I can't rest — that I shall never rest again — after all this dreadful trouble and disgrace. I want to know where she is — why she ran away — why she couldn't trust you and me — what you have been doing downstairs — why you have sent Eebchain out of the house — what you are going to do altogether? I can't rest. I know I might have bee a so different with Verity — sympathised with her — reasoned with her— been kinder to her ; and so might you. And it would have been so different with all of us then. Oh, my poor, dear girl — where is she? Why has she been go much afraid of us ? Why have you and I been as much to blame as eke is 2 Can't you speak?' ' Haven't you anything better to do than ask all these ridiculous questions?' he growled forth slowly. ' And do you think I am going to stand here and try to answer them ? Is that what you wanted to see me for ?' ' What are you going to do ?' she exclaimed. 'Won't you tell a body ? Not to sit still— oh ! not to sit still and let her drift, and you .and me to go on all the same as if nothing had happened — as if she wasn't your own flesh and blood, and no more account to us. You can't keep on like that — you can't do it, Jonathan. It isn't in you— it isn't like you. Oh! poor Verity ! it isn't even fair to her !' Jonathan Lovett winced at this array of charges against him. He put ' his hands in his pockets and looked from his sister to Mary Smith. ' How long has she been going it like this?' he asked. ' She has been like this some time,' was the reply. ? _' You ought to know better, Emma, than to kick up such a confounded uproar,' he said re proachfully ; but he was evidently disturbed by her plain-speaking and excitement. ' What are you going to do, Jonathan ? Only tell me what you are going to do,' she continued. ' You can't go to any more lec tures and pretend you don't care about any thing or anybody but yourself. It's all put on, Jonathan — it's all put on, and everybody can see it.' ' It is Hot put on,' he said sharply. 'It is— it is!' and Mrs. Dalrymple made him jump by. suddenly flinging her arms out of bed and slapping the coverlet with the open palms of both her hands ; 'it is — I'm sure it is ! For you were fond of Verity — when she was a little child she could do no wrong, and you let everybody spoil her. You spoilt her yourself when your poor wife was alive — you and she together ; and now you turn upon her like a brute.' ' Go it !' muttered her brother. ' I know what you have been doing down stairs,' she cried ; ' I'm not a fool, Jonathan. And it is not fair before you have had time to consider— before you know anything yourself for gospel. I ain't forgotten how obstinate yon are — and determined — and pig-headed, Jonathan, when anything puts you out. You're not a saint,' fc ' I don't want to be.' 'You're a sinner, like the rest of ue,'she said; 'and if you've been and altered your will — all at once — and that's what you have been doing — it's a sin and shame, andil come home to yon.' '' You'd better have & doctor, Emma,' said Jonathan Lovett, rubbing up his wiry, grey hair with both hands ; ' you want a blister or something on the back of your neck, or you'd never roar out like this and let all the servants know what a silly you are.' ' I don't wan't a doctor ; but I can't rest, and you keeping everything to yourself.' 'What on earth do you want?' asked her brother. 'J've told you — haven't I told you?' she screamed at him ; 'and you stand staring there and hot saying a word to give me peace of mind ! We've been together almost all our lives, Jonathan, and you've been good to me, in your way, from the time we were factory hands, and — you've been close and hard always, but never like this.' 'Hav6 I ever had a trouble like this be fore?' 'You might face it like a man.' 'Soldo.' ' No, you don't. You don't !' 'Do you want me to howl and snivel in your fashion ?' he said. 'Here, lass, take this for consolation, if you can ; I feel it a greater blow than 3jou do— my whole life is changed by it — there is nothing ahead of me but loneliness, and I am very sorry. There !' _ He laid his heavy hand upon hers, and his sister looked at him closely, and said in a less excited tone — ' But what are you going to do ?' ' I will find out where she is. Will that suit you?' 'Yes,' assented Mrs. Dalrymple. 'We will know the -worst of it — and we will bear it together, Emma.' 'Yes, but ? ' 'And that is all I can promise you till the morning. And in the morning we will talk it over again,' he added, very quickly; ' and now go to sleep. Good night,' ' But yon haven't said ? ' This time it was not Jonathan Lovett that interrupted her, or any interposition on the part of Mary Smith — an unwilling listener to this strange dialogue, and sitting in the back ground watching them, as two curious speci mens of human-kind that were not lacking in sensibility, for all their odd ways of disguising it — it was a sudden heavy knocking at the outer doors of Castle Lovett, accompanied by much ringing of the visitors' bell, which clanged ominously at that hour of the early morning. Mrs. Dalrymple sprang up in bed and cried — ' Verity ! She has come back !' 'She will never come back,' was her brother's gloomy answer, and looking in s, bewildered way at Mary Smith; 'she is too tired of us for that. But,' he added, 'I don't know what this can be. I can't think.' ' Have all the servants gone up ?' asked his sister. 'Yes,' said Jonathan Lovett, looking at his watch. ' Not a doubt of that. What a row! ? —they must hear it. I will go myself.' He moved towards the door, and then stopped suddenly, with one foot in the corridor without. Even his iron nerves had given way with the consciousness of bad news upon its way towards him — of something strange abroad at that hour, and waiting to dismay him. ' I can't go,' he muttered. ' I'm afraid.' 'Let me go,' said Mary Smith. 'If you will — or if you will come with me,' he suggested, ' I shall be glad.' 'Let me go first,' she said; and, not wait ing for his reply she darted before him, and went swiftly along the corridor and down the staircase at a pace that it was quite beyond his power to keep tip with. Meanwhile, the hands without, having reBted for an instant, seized knocker and bell again, and once more raised the echoes of Cartie Lovett, as Mary Smith, with a beating . heart, approached the great entrance doors. Chapteb XVII.— The Late Vesitoe, Our heroine had drawn back the bolts, unlocked the doors, and thrown them open very fearlessly before Mr. Lovett was half way down the grand staircase to support her as rear-guard. Above stairs there were noises now, as- of servants being disturbed and moving Viwflrds the sphere of action; outside and close to the door stood the tall shadowy figure of a man. 'What is it? What do you want?' she asked. The man stepped into the hall, where a light from the big lamp swinging above was still burning. It was Foster Deane. ' You /' she could not refrain from exclaim ing in her intense astonishment. 'Yes. Who has a greater right to come when his name is aspersed and his honor is in question?' he asked. Mary Smith looked towards Jonathan Lovett slowly descending the last flight of stairs, and said to him — 'It is Mr. Deane, sir, the— the actor.' 'Good God!' ejaculated the owner of Castle Lovett, coming to a full stop on the big mat at the foot' of the stairs. 'Why have you. come? What— what is your busi ness with me ?' ' I will explain,' he replied. ' I have come from Coalsby, in the middle of the night, on purpose to explain.' ' I don't understand,' said the elder man, 'go on, sir, go on.' Mary Smith closed the door, and the three ' stood in the hall looking at each other. ' My daughter Verity ? ' began the cotton spicner. ' I know nothing of her, Mr. Lovefct,' he said interrupting him. ' I have not seen he* — I have come to tell you that if she has left your house I have had no share in her flight — I know not where she is gone.' ' 'You eay that — you mean that?' cried the father. 'Yes, sir.' 'Where can she be then!' exclaimed Mr. Lovett ; 'where — but,' and here he looked at. Mary Smith, 'but this man is an actor !' Mr. Lovett said it with a withering contempt that, under other circumstances, Foster Deane, standing up for the dignity of his craft, would have resented with much exaggeration of the English language, and with many highsound ing words of protest; but he only replied earnestly— ' ' Mr. Lovett, as I hope to live, I have not the slightest idea- where your daughter is.' Foster's listeners were impressed, Mary Smith clasped her hands and wrung them silently together, and Mr. Lovett sat down on the stairs and looked vacantly at the man who had brought him this bewildering news. Neither Mr. Lovett nor Mary Smith knew how to answer the protest, or could think what wa3 the next best step. One or two blinking and yawning servants had appeared, and were coming into the hall, and Mrs. Dalrymple, in a red flannel dressing-gown, and with an opera cloak over her head, which concealed her curl papers from view, was also on her way towards them, slipping from stair to stair, and clutch iDg the hand-rail for support in her descent — a poor woman eager for news, and scared out of her wits by the fear of what the news might be. Mary Smith hastened to help her the rest of the way downstairs ; Mr. Lovett got up and went into the dark drawing-room, followed, at* his bidding, by Foster Deane, and preceded, by one of the servants, who began striking matches and lighting the wax candles. It ?was a busy night at Castle Lovett, and there was no rest in it, as its proprietor had already asserted. In a little while Jonathan Lovett and his sister, Mary Smith and Foster Deane, were together in the drawing-room, with the doors closed against the servants, who were endea voring to listen outside, and who were as curious as the greater folk within. They [had heard Foster Deane's denial of any complicity in the flitting away of the young mistress, and had much to whisper about it as they stood in a little knot in the hall, waiting and wondering what was to come next. Meanwhile, Jonathan Lovett had recovered .some of ids composure, and was inclined to cross-examine the visitor who had arrived so late and yet so opportunely, and who sat on the edge of an ottoman with as perplexed and and moody a countenance as any of his audience. Mrs. Dalrymple sat facing him, shivering with fear, and with one hand clutch ing tightly the hand of Mary Smith, who sat by her side, and whose contiguity was a comfort and support to her. Mr. Lovett was not seated, ? but in ins old wild-beast fashion, was walking up and down the room,' and in and out of the intricacies of the furniture, as though he were indulging in a little game all to himself, and which he considered might be amusing for other people to watch. Presently he came to a full stop and looked down at the actor. ' How did you get to my house ? And past the lodge-gates ?' he asked. 'Iwokeup.the lodge-keeper, and told him X had important news for you,' was the reply. ' I don't know what to believe about it all,' he said, 'and that is the grim truth. I cannot understand why you should have come all this way to tell me a lie which an hour or two hence would be easily disproved. It is possible that you are not deceiving me.' 'lam not deceiving you,' repeated Foster Dearie. ' I can have no object in deceiving you.' ' Miss Smith, haye you nothing to suggest ?' Jonathan Lovett said, suddenly turning to her. 'You area, clear-headed young woman and not at all .backward in expressing an opinion, as a rule. Say something, will you?' he added, very helplessly. ' I don't know what to do now — what to. believe.' Mary Smith spoke to Foster Deane, and by way of a reply to Mr. Lovett. ' How did you know Miss Lovett had left home?' she asked. 'Ah! that's just it!' cried the cotton Epinner ; ' how the deuce did you know that ? No one in this house has mentioned it, or has had a chance of mentioning it.' He had forgotten his servants — those who had driven him to Coalsby, those who had been left behind, and Jane Eebchain, who had been turned out of doors. But Mary Smith had not, and Foster Deane was a man likely to have been in league with the servants — he had not been above that sort of thing, possibly, was the uncharitable surmise of our heroine. ?? I was told what had happened by Mr. Chinery.' ' ' When was that ?' cried Mr. Lovett. 'On the platform of Coalsby station, at midnight. He was going away, and I went to see him off— he is the oldest friend. I have in the world — and be told me that Mis3 Lovett had left her home.' ' Miss Smith,' said Mr. Lovett reproach fully, 'did you tell Mr. Chinery of my trouble?' 'He guessed there was trouble, and what trouble it was.' 'And he is this gentleman's friend!' said Mr. Lovett. 'Why, he may be aiding and abetting him after all !' Mary Smith felt her color rising as though a friend of her own had been aspersed, and she said at once — 'No, no ! Mr. Lovett. You do him a great injustice by such a cruel thought as that.' Foster Deane looked up sharply at Mary Smith's defence of Ambrose Chinery, and Mr. Lovett said in reply — ' I beg your pardon, I do not say anything again st Mr. Chinery. He is a man one can trust, I hope,' he added after an instant's further consideration. ' And he told you the news, Mr. Deane?' continued Mary Smith. 'Yes.' ' And charged you with luring her away ?' 'He did make that charge,' confessed Foster Deane. 'It was natural that people should think I had eloped with her, because people know that 1 love her and that she loves me.' ' Mr. Lovett muttered something the reverse of complimentary. 'There id a deep attachment between us, and I cannot make a disguise of it,' Foster continued. ' I have not come here with the purpose of denying my affection for Verity, only to express my deep, my awful anxiety concerning her, and to urge you to search for her everywhere, and by every means, as I will, and solve the mystery of her going. I protest again that I am innocent of any snare in this. I swear it, sir, by Heaven !' He was too dramatic now, Mary Smith con sidered. He was speaking the truth — she could not see herself the policy of his attempt ing to deceive the father — he had acted straight forwardly and like an honorable man, and Btill she did not like him, and in her heart of hearts even felt a horror of him. It was hardly like Foster Deane, she fancied, to come on to Castle Lovett in hot haste to refute the aspersions on his character, and to warn. them all that there might be a greater danger menacing Verity Lovett than even her marriage with him. This was a step, thought our heroine, which had been prompted by Ambrose Chinery, a wiser, better man than he. Mary Smith mentioned this surmise too. 'And Mr. Chinery, believing in your denial, urged you to come to Keccleson at once ?' she said to Foster' Deane. ' Yes,' was the reply, 'he said no time was to be lost. _ But I should have come on without his suggestion — I had made up my mind when he told me that Miss Lovett had left you. My trpuble became yours then, Mr. Lovett— a greater trouble than yours, a deeper anxiety, a blow which has utterly unnerved me.' He pressed both his hands to his face, leaned his elbows on his knees, and looked the very picture of despair; but Mr. Lovett was not deeply impressed. He was- still very much amazed, that was all. ' - —Egg ' You have done your duty in coming to us ' he said, beginning to walk up and down the room again, ' and I am obliged. No pains and no expense shall be spared to try and trace my daughter, and any news that may reach you will be gratefully received here. This may be only a fit of temper of hers after all— an eccen tric freak— she is eccentric.' 'Jonathan,' said Mrs. Dalrymple, in a hoarse whisper, 'if any harm should have befallen her 3 ? ' It 'is not likely,' was his response ; ' you always thir k the worst of everything.' ' Where can she be V Mr. Lovett took from his pocket the letter which Mary Smith had found some hours ago on the dressing-table in Verity's room and brought down to the master. He put his glasses oh to read it again, and on this occasion he read it aloud, and for the general informa tion of his listeners. 'Forgive me, but I cannot bear this any longer. I am distrusted here and unhappy. I leave you for one who loves me and whom I can trust.' ' That means you,' he said to Foster Deane, ' after all, it must mean you.' ' I do not understand it in the least,' was the gloomy answer. ' There was no arrangement to meet her to night, then ?' 'No! Heaven be my witness ? ' ' Never mind about Heaven, any more, sirr We have had too much of it already,' inter rupted Mr. Lovett irreverently. 'There's a niyBtery here, and if you cannot solve it no one eke can. You have been meeting my daughter clandestinely — you have been lurking in my garden after night-fall — you are always sneaking about the neighborhood, plotting and planning to see her.' ' I love her, sir. That is my sole ' excuse for my conduct, and I am not ashamed to urge it.' 'And yet you know nothing of my daughter V 'Nothing,' said Foster, 'and 1 am here to disabuse your mind of that impression. Do me the justice to believe in me so far as that.' 'Well, yes — I think I can believe that,' replied Mr. Lovett, a little hesitatingly, ' Have you anything more to say V ' Nothing, sir,' said Foster Deane, rising. ' I — I hope you will allow me to call and ask if there be any tidings of her.' Mr. Lovett shuddered. 1 ? You are the cause of all this,' he muttered, and with a sudden contraction of his brows, 'and I should not care to see you again.' It was Foster Deane's turn to frown, and a very ugly frown it was. 'I am staying at the Crown Hotel, Coalsby. If I bear from her I will communicate with you. And you will let me know if she has re turned home?' he asked. 'Yes,' replied Mr. Lovett, 'I will let you know.' 'I trust the knowledge may come soon,' Foster Deane said ; then he bowed low and went away, leaving a greater mystery behind him than he had found there — even a greater trouble. (To be continued.) ? * ? '. — 