Chestnuts. I A Paddington man got mad at his telephone and wouldn't speak for tlirec day's. _ ? _ ' Tails !' exclaimed the barber in an injured tone, ' talk ! of course I do ! but I never injure anybody. I'm sure I never say anytliing.' It is wrong to speak of a 'respectable' embezzler as a ' good man gone wrong.' He is a bad man found out. A correspondent asks : ' VV oulcl you, or any of y our many readers, inform a constant reader how to learn to play the flute ?' Not if we know ourselves. The reason so many men lapse into drunkenness again after a temporary refor mation is because tliey attract so much less attention sober than when drunk. Their vanity is touched. ' How is your*son doing, Mr. Smith — the son who went to London a few years ago ?' — ' He has made a name for him self,' said Mr. Smith.—'' Indeed ! In what way !' ' I understand he calls him self ' Smythe.' ' A clergyman who was asked if he had seen the gliost for which a castle that he had been visiting is celebrated, replied, ' Oh, yes, of course, The ghost came j.in the middle of the night, as usual.' — ' And what did you do ?' — ' Oh,' replied the reverend gentleman, 'I merely took out my subscription book for the restoration of the church, and the ghost at once vanished.' A Hibernian sportsman tried to shoot a sparrow with an old Queen Anne musket. When he fired, the bird, with a chirrup or two, flew away unconcerned in the fore ground, and the marksman was swiftly and noiselessly laid 011 his spine in the back-ground. Picking himself up, and shaking Ids fist at the bird, he exclaimed : ' Be jabers ! ye wouldn't a' chirruped if ye'd been at this ind of the gun.' A few nights ago the audience i at a certain theatre was unusually small, and the manager was .standing at the door, disconsolately watching the; crowds rush by.' His unpleasant meditations were in terrupted by a boy who had come from the gallery.- — ' Say, mister,', lie said, ' can -1, please, , have a . seat . downstairs ?' — ' What's the matter?' asked the manager ; ' ' isn't upstairs good enough for you ?' — '?Yes, sir ; but I'm afraid to stayup there all alone.' 