d RAE AND TENNYSON'S LATEST POEMS COMPARED. :0 S' Mosquito,' who once himself soared into the poetical world, but came out a e sadder but a wiser mortal, in his sketchee d 'Under the Vernndah' in the Bendigo Independent, thus alludes to the contro versy that of late has appeared under the above heading in our columns: e "In the columns of Messrs. Rae Bros. North Mdlelbourne Advertiser there is an ! interesting controversy raging. It is e whether Baron Tennyson of D'Eyncourt, or the still untitled John Rae of Ironbark is the better poet. All the letters Y published so far go to prove that Mr. Rane is immensely the more gifted of the ttvo. That indicates filial and editorial aff- . tion, for as no letters have appeared in favour of poor old Tennyson's pretensions to be regarded as a British poeact, the in Sference is fair that those on that side have been waste paper basketed. There are lines in Tennyson, written between his S30th and 70th year, which in grandeur of I thought, beauty of diction, flow of melody and etnetly march, are scarcely surpassed by Shakespeare, Milton, or Byron. If the oard of Ironbark for a certanty excel the English laureate, why even the greatest names in British poetry, past or present, will have to be lowered a peg in their niches for room to be made at the top for the best rlhyme record-breaker of an obscure suburb of an obscure town of a colony so recent and obscure that its very existence is perhaps as yet unknown to one half of the English speakieg race. Says Mr. George Marshall (in the North Melbouree Advertier) referring to iMr. Rae-' Though his namie may now be scarce known beyond the circle of the papers in which his work appears, the day will come when hlie will be recognised as the greatest poet Australia ever saw. In the field of moral instruction, which lie has chosen, he stands alone and unrivalled by Tennyson or any olther writer'. Shades of the teeming libraries of the ancient and modern world of Great Britain, Germany, France, Italy, and the United States, to-day of the Australian ghosts of Kendall, Lindsay, Gordon, and Marcus Clarke, but these are tremendous assertions as 'fine orts' as ever were written or as ever man read. Old Cato make no secret of it that he was in his own estimation the leading living man of the Roman Empire, but even hlie did not dare to back Ihimself against tihe combined ancestry of the human race. The fact of the matter is that the poet of Ironbark is a decent weaver of rhymes. But if there wereanymonoyin thebusiness lie would soon have to light for hris laurels with a hundred or so of Victorians alone, to say nothine of a few tlhousand of other Australians, who would be bringing their literary wares to market occasionally, as in the recently vablislied dedicatory address, lwhich prefaced tihe first number of a Melbourne serial called' Woman's World,' there is a gleam of true poetic fervour, and in an address, with which he won a medal some 25 years ago at Geelong, there was a dash of the fire and spirit of Sir Walter Scott. But in general he totally lacks the eclectic or editorial instinct.- All the otones of his building are corner atones, and in one way lihe resembles both Milton and Wordsworth, inanmuchl as lie is deficient in the sense of tlie ludicrous. But hlie is a good towns. man, his rhymes never yet did anyone an ounce of. harm, they have caused much muerriment for a whole of one and part of another generation of Bendigonians, and I will not any that perhaps they have not done a little good. Any man who makes tlhose around him happier or cheerier than they otherwise would hbe, may be a very poor poet, but is a very good man-and as such, we must nl, wish the venerable bard many years more to come in the enjoyment of the art which he loves so well, and in which he does no one any hurt." 