Launceston Examiner | PUBLISHED DAILY SATURDAY, OCTOBER 9. 1896. IT is a long way from Paris or St. Petersaburg to the New Hebrides, and it may therefore at the first blush seem strange that they should have any con- nection with, or that such connections should be of vital import to Australasia. But such is nevertheless the case. For more than a year there have been re- lations of a more for less "strained" character between France and England. The feeling was perhaps only the re- mains of the acrimony which was occasioned in. France by the bombard- ment of Alexandria, and the subsequent British occupation of Egypt. The entente cordiale had certainly not been fostered by the events in Madagascar, and the recidiviste business in New Caledonia was not of a kind calculated to throw oil on the troubled waters.' Tile crowning act of audacity and perfidy on the part of France was, however, the military occupation of two of the principal islands of the New Hebrides groulp, in contraventioh of a solemn written comp cot between the two nations, guaran. toeing the independence of the islands. Of course, it is alleged by some French organs of public opinion--now that the affair is an accomplished fact-that France has as much right to take posses sion of the New Hebrides as',iGrat Britain has to occupy Cairo or Suakim, and that while the one occupation lasts the other shall. But the two case are in no way analagous. The absolute necessity for the destruction of Arabi's rebellion was fully recognisod by all the European, Powera, and Franco herself had actually joined in the preparation for the attack on Alexandria, backing out, however, at the last momenc. And, besides, the peace of Europe and the world now perhaps depends upon the few British troops maintained on the Red Sea and in the valley of the Nile. With regard to the landing of French soldiers in the New Hebrides, it was an uncalled for act of aggression, opposed to a specific and solemn treaty, and carried out with so much secrecy that it is obvious France was ashamed of the course she was taking. Tlhe occupation was at first denied in a most unqualified manner by the French authorities in Paris, and when it was undeniable that troops had been landed-it was stated that it was only intended to punish certain natives for outrages said to have been committed on subjects of Franco, and that the troops c would be withdrawn as soon as possible. b How untrue were those representations is shown by the fact that the invaders had bronught linilding materials with them, 1 and provisions to enable their occupation to last for many months, and that on landing they forthwith proceeded to build "barracks and fortify their position-not e agai!st the natives, but against a 'possible attack by regulir troops. And whe? n all their preparations for a pormaentoccupa- t tion were completed, the nowsapaers I of. Now Caledonia And France- strongly urged the Government trot to withdraw I at the request of Englnd,d and to pay no heood to the rmonsotrances of Australasia. During this period Groat Britain had her troubles with Russia in Afghanistan. Hero again the mother country was first circinnvonted; then cajoled, and finally dfied, u, untilat one time, it appeared cas if. war was imminent between Groat Britain and the northern colossus. Later on the intrigues of the Czar in Bulgaria, in Macedonia, and in. Greece, followed by the open violation of'the Berlin treaty in regard to' the free part of Batoumi, not only endangered the peace of Europe, but a was a direct clha!lnge to Great Britain. Brought-together by a 'conimoin jealousy of Great Britain,.France and Russia eere further attracted towards each other by a e dread of the Anglo-Gormani alliance. Russia is aware she cannot carry out her intentions.in.regard to Constantinople as i. long as'Berlin anil Vienna are fre to veto' d lieoi: .aoins iin thisc i?,gaird, wtliloFranSce cannot ancomplishl .her .projects. of re r vecng" Inless Germanyy and Austria 'are cuid'melled to guard their seastern frontiers. Why Great Britain n comes in for the comnbined dislikoe of IRussia and France can only be explained by their traditional hostility, and the fact that she alone perhaps holds tile balance of power, and may prevent, or at all events delay indefinitely, the. strikiegof the first blow. Ini the mdajtino Great Britain herself i may, become > ombroiled with either of those powers, the one in ti ' Pacific; tli' other in the Black Sea or iin ithe noighbo.rhood of,:Berat. .,It :is Sdiflionlt.tosay, which of' those contineen. Oces is the. more ismminst aor jioed sether both may niot occur simultane. opnly. But it is plain that the continued \- ocoupaiona b 'theo New. Heebrids by Prerichs troops is such a downright and i flagrant breach of a deliberate agreement that Great Britain 'cannot,: without dis. cr grace, withdrawv from the position she has taken ip in demanding the. imninediate t evacuatior oftlihe islanids. France has been temporising, and hal oflered more over direct terms to Great,'Britain to be allowed to' remain in possession.. ":But a anyarrangement arrived at, unless the s removal of every French soldier is firstac Id cocmplished, would not only beastain on the \- name of England, but be merely the 'pro h lode to other similar acts and insults the it British Government would earn by such a display of weakness. Great Britain has had to pay too dearly in men, in honey, and prestige for all the losses at Candahar, at Dungola and Khartoum not r to cause us devoutly to hope that Lords g Salisbury and Roaubery will prove on this occasion true to the traditions of 'the a party to which they belong. al EVERY possessor of a gtrden in Launn ceston and its suburbs will learn with tY satisfaction that three flower stealerswere punished: at, the Police Court yesterday. ly Garden robbing has been a' growing evil for the last few years, not merely'the o flowers but the very plants of 'choice vnrieties being taken, and upon the rare occasion' that the thioev hive" 'been ;o catght they have either been acquitted at the request of tihe prosecutor, weakly sa yielding to the solicitations of the rd cilprit's relatives, or dismissed with so ii nbminal a punishment that the practice has rather been encouraged than checked. v Yesterday the prosecutor against two sa offenders (who were secured through the .prompt action of a neighbour welo had sfellered ini similar fashion), acted upon public grouneds. While personally he did not desire' to, press for a heavy penalty, ihe stated that he had been requested by many persons who had suffered from this nefarious practice tobe firl,and the thanks I of a large section of the community are due to Mr. Weedon for tihe position lie assumed. The Bunch also took a more serious view of the matter thair has been the case on previous occasions, and instead of a nominal fine, which would fall on the parents and not on tile oflendor, sent t. the juvenlile culprits to gaol' for'a fort. it night. It is, hlwovo'r, to be hoped that the next offenders will get.m, onths in stead of weeks, as' their appoarance will inidicate that the first lenalties failed in a deterrent elffet. The third, offender was, a. a respectable married woman, who was or doceted in the despicabile and sacrilogous prkctic of, robbing flowers from graves Son' whichl they had been placed ';by lovingi hands. Fortunately for the culprit she . had a lenient Bench to deal with, and . escaped with a fine cf 203. In Victoria snell offmnces are not treated so lightly, and it; is only a .few weeks sines a St. 'Kilda Bench fined a girl, not one pound t but ten pounids, for stealing flowers from Sthe local -cemetery. If the Municipal Council weore to appoint one or two paicn idclothes constables, specially to discover Sthe parties who carry on a systematic . practice of flower and plant robbery, the Spr?ictisco 'coldsoonbe stamped out,butthe , occasional punishmont at long intervals of I an offendor is not sufficient. I Gun: SUPI-LEch',NT to-day contai{:s Evbindalo Municipal Council-Lymington P -Penguin- Upper Ringarooma- Ruby la PcitZVinkleigh-Emu Bay-St. Mary's . --Brothors' Home - Moorina-- Leven North "East Notes--Hamilton-on-Forth S:Beaconscfield--Mlems froni Mount Cainmeron h -,Letters t Sunday l'rains; Launceston i Town Tinco; Capital Value; Railway SIMaihagoment.; Taxation Proposals; Our Wdste Lands' Act- Victorian Football " Season-Fifth Australian Eleven-Agri t cultural Notes- Advts., etc. TIEc.rTriicArL-Frbm Mr. C. ?'laihon, Swhol arrived in Launceston'yesterday to s make arrangements for a visit of H'Mahon e and Leach's:Dramatic 'Company to Tas ' mania we' learn that the company will play here about Novemuber 2nid, ~oemaining for three weeks. Tlie company open at ' Hobart on the 18th inst., anti will produce if " His Natural Life," "The Silver; Kinug," " Lights of London" and other new pieces. r They lhaver previously played in Hobart, ' but this will be their first visit to Laun , ceston. They will produce the same pieces o asstaged iu Hobart, and should have a successful season. S ST. LEOn's CIOus.--cIr. J. Morgan, d advance 'agent for St. Leon's circus, arrived here yesterdiy e, route for Hobart, where the circus is expected to arrive about tihe S13th ainst. from New Zealand. Afterplay s ing in Hobart for twelve nights it will d proceed to Launceston, playing at the dif d ferent country townships along the line, and arriving hIere about the end of the Smonth. It is now nearly three years since e St. Leon'e circus visited Launceston, it at being then well patronised. Since that time it has been produced throughout the or colonies, sad lhas just completedatwleve d montha' tour in New Zealand. The com d pany ihas hbeen strengthened by the addition of lady riders, ilowns, etc., whilst several Sof the old members are still in it,.' CRICICIiT.--A match will take place on the Market Green this afternoon at 2-20, between the first eleven of tihe City Cricket I Club and 15 of the second. First eleven J team-W. )edman, Lawrence (3), H. Lilli- 1 craip, T. Peters, Joe Deane, H. M'Klenie, c 1T. Ewing. J. Craib, J. Roles. Second-A. t Mills, E. Hammond, E. Atkinson, J. Keltie, I. Jordan, \V. Malcolm, II. Mathews, P. I Young, WV. Walsh, E. Ryde, J. Carr, If. t Goodluck, D. Conacher, A. Carling, J. f Coade. Emergency-1. A. II. Locke, II. Chick. The Our Boys Cricket Club will open their season this afternoon on the Market Green with a match between past and prcsent captains' teams. Gamen to start at 230 sharp. 'L'he present captain's team will be chosen from--John Wilson (captain), Joe Wilson.W. Carney,H.Wilson, It. Malcolm, A. Clarke, WV Frith, B. Cole mian, A. Goodwin, B. Gurr, E. Galvin, W. Dee, .J. Williams. Chaddock, Turner, Woebb, Beckitt, Bracken. Past captain's team-M. HIeffernau (captain), Whitfield, IR. Burke, J. Calder,1W. Hood, A. Coleman, r Dismorr, Gibson, Kerrison, Scott, Jones, W. Atkinson, Smith, B. Galvin, Hudson, Waters, Holland, \Vathen. DI. Gui.rNEss' FARnWELL . LeCTURES. I Last evening Dr. Grattan Guinness gave the second of his series of farewell lectures in the Memorial Church, Wellington street, when the building was comfortably rfilled, the lecturer taking as his subject "Reminiscences of my colonial ex periences." Dr. Guinness prefaced his remarks by stating that he had been Sin 'the colonies for 17 months, he having t left England for the benefit of his health, t but at the time of his departure he did not think lihe would have had the strength to 'preach, but he was glad God had given him strength to do so, and now he would Salways look on those 17 months as bright spots in his life. The lecturer then gave a an interesting resume of his work in the .colonies, making special reference to r missions conducted by him in Sydney, Brisbane, Melbourne, Sandhurst, Geelong, i Launceston, and Hobart. During the 'a 'coirse of his remarks lhe spoke of the beautiful harbours at Sydney and Brisbano, stating that the 'former lead a coastal line of 1000 miles, and when speaking of the a City of Sydney Ihe said he liked the place r very mucqh better, thlan Melbourne. The :meeting closed with singing and prayer. On Monday night Dr. Guinness will lecture in tls Memorisl; Church on "Medical talk," a lecture which ihe has previously delivered with acceptance, to crowded audiences. Dr. R. W. Murphy will take e the chair on the occasion. I TEA AND PUBLIC MEETINo.--TIl second annual tea and public meeting in connec tion with the Launceston Tabernacle Band of Hope was held in the school-room last d evening, when there was a largo attend a once. The good things having been dis posed of a public meeting was held, there r being a very large number present. s Addresses of a religious nature were given .bythe Rer. A. Bird and others, a very pleasant.evening being spent. TEsmPRANcE AIEReINGs.-The fourth of a series of temperance meetings was held in d the Wesleyan School-room, Patterson street, last evening by the Rev. F. C. B. Fairey. There was a fair atttendaucoe, and d the lecturer. took for his subject " Our it National 'Curse." The lecturer was listended.to attentively, a vote of thanks being accorded him at the conclusion. e Before leaving Launceston the Rlev. Fred. o C. B. Faircy will re-deliver his popular pictorial lecture, " Scenes from my life in Europe: and Egypt, and evangelistic voyages in the mission canoe." It will be is remembered that when passing through it Launceston 12 months since the Temple School-room was crowded to tlhe doors to h sear this lecture and see the 00 lantern l- viows;which illustrate it,and very many were ie dompelled to go away. An opportunity will again be given on Monday evening at the Oddfellows' Hall to attend this pictorial is representation of Mr. Fairey's travels and I adventures in different parts of the world. As the price of admission is only sixpence, n and the proceeds are in aid of Mr. Fairey's n mission work, we have no doubt that there it will be another crowded audience. )t PoLICE ConRT.-Meesrs. G. A. Kemp, Is Acting P.M., and E. Whitfeld, J.P., n occupied the Bench at the Launcoston io Police Court yesterday. Eliza M'Kay, charged with having stolen £7, the pro perty of George Roles, was further re manded till the 12th inst. Joseph Booth, charged with having assaulted his wife, th Margalet Booth, was remanded for one re week. William Farrell and Jacob Cleaver . 'pleaded guilty to having stolen a quantity ril of flowers, the property of Mr. H. WeedJn, is and were sent to gaol for 14 days each. ce Frederick Williams, on a similar chalrge, ro pleaded not guilty, and was acquitted, the sn evidence not being substantial for a con at viction: Mrs. George Selby pleaded guilty ly to hiiving tolen some flowers out of the ae General Cemetery, and was fined 20s and costs. William Burrows, jun., William Hollingsworth, and James Laws were each C fined in the usual amounts for having kept d. unregistered dogs. John Casey pleaded +o guilty to having assaulted Timuothy Troy, to and was fined 21s or one month's imprison ad ment. William Stimson proceeded against in the same defendant for assault, and lie was id sent to gaol for one month. The case brought against Lilly Anderson by Sydney Edward Holland for having broken several windows in complainant's house was adjourned sine die. re SPORTINo.-Owners must not forget that nominations ecloseon Mondaynext, atdp.m., for the Sprig Meeooting of the Tasmanian Turf Club. which is to be held on Saturday, id 23rd instanut. The following are the even t: \---Iurdle Race Handicap of 35 soves., second in horse 5 soes. from stake, about two miles; st Spring Handicap of 35 sols., second 5 s ,vs. t- frmn stake; once round the covunse; at Hunt Club Steeplechase of 50 sovs., second is- to receive 5 sovs ; Welter Handicap, about' II two miles, open to all horses that have in been hunted not loss than five times as, with any recognised pack of hounds is Eutally Handicap of £30 soes., second is horse 3 sovs. out of the stake, seven fur es longs. The nomination for each race is one n sovereign. Tihe following horses have been Sscratched for the Melbourne Cup:--Blair nd gowrie, Chlsham, Plausible, Winchester, SLiverpool, Torrent, Disowned. There was very little betting on the Caulfield Cup yes. 7 torday (saysThursday's Argns), except that Recall became a stronger favourite tlhan nd ever, advancing to 8 to 1 offered. Silver m mine was quiet at 9 to 1, whilst 10 to 1 was al taken and offered about lBen Bolt. William ill Tell showed a downward tendency, as 100 or to'7 was unheeded, The Melbourne Cup in betting yesterday provided a couple of to notable features, thie first of whichl wias the to continued advance of Trident, about whom f a few hundreds were actually taken at 0 to 2, the same price eventually remaining on offer.. Merrimu had hardly been struck out of tIhe Caulfield Cup before there were \- enquiries about him for the Melbourne in Cup, and over £5000 was laid at 100 to 4 sy and 200 to 0, tie latter figure being. still 's offered. The double of the Caulfield \- Guineas and Cup was introduced at the \- Victorian Club last night, Volcano being in coupled with RIecall and Silvcrmine at 100 n to 4 for about £1000 each. Otherwise the sy Guineas ihas never been mentioned. ur nns?rcAN CoumrAY's HOP BrITTERS 11 ARE TIIE FUREST AND BEST BITTEIS 'I- EVER e MDE. - They are compounded from Hops, Malt, Buchu, Mandrake, n, and Dandelion --tlie oldest, best, and to most valuable medicines in the world, n Iand contain all the best and most curative \- properties of all other remedies, being the 11 greatest Blood Purifier, Liver Regulator, ig and ILife ad IIealth Restoring Agent on at earth. No disesso or ill lhealth canpossibly co long exist whvere they are used, so varied and perfect are their operations. s. They give new life and vigour to the aged t, and infirm. To all whose emuployuments n- cause irregularity of the bowels or urinary cos organs, or who require an appetizer, tonic a and mild stimulant, American Com pany's Hop Bitters are invaluable, n, being, highly curative, tonio and od stimulating, without intoxicating. No re matter what your feelings or symptoms to are, What the disease or ailment is; use Y- Hop Bitters. Don't wait until you are i1 sick, but if you only feel bad or miserable, \- use Hop Bitters at once. It may save e, your lifo. Hundreds have been saved by se so doing. £500 will be paid for a case ce they will not curoer help. so not suffer it orletyour friends suffer, but sse and urge at them to . use American Hop Bitters; so Remember, American Hop Bitters is no cc vile, drugged, drunken nostrum, but the u- purest and best; medicine ever made. T.y n the Bitters to-day. Get at Chemists or al Druggists. Beware of imitations. Genuine has Dr..Soulo's name blowen in bottl.4 MELrnounNE DRASLATIC CoMANY.-Mr. G. It. Ireland is to be congratulated upon his production of "Hamlet" at the r Academy of Music last night. To keep c pace with modern taste a suporabundance c of sensational dramas are now placed upon u thle stage, and it is a relief to occasionally I witness the reproduction of legitimate pieces, the merit of which will outlive i those which at present tickle the public fancy. The Shakespearian revival last I night should have attracted a much larger audience. Considering the difliculties under whiolh Mr. Ireland laboured, lihe gave I an excellent representation of the Prince a of Denmark, and compared favour- 1 ably. with any of the Hamlets we have seen in Launceston. lie has evidelntlystudied the character closely, and his interpretation was in thorough i accord with the general idea of what Hamlet should be. His acting was free from that rant which often characterises aspirants to dramatic fame who essay the part, and in his initial interview with the ghost lihe spoke his lines as only a true artist could, his facial expression and general bearing calling for special remark. His interview with Ophelia, when his indigna tion is aroused at the action of the King and Polonius in acting the part of spies upon his movements, was a genuine dis play of dramatic ability, and we trust that before lihe leaves Tasmania we may have an opportunity of seeing him in other Shakesperian characters. Mr. Charles Hall assumed the double role of the ghost and the King, and successfully accomplished the rather arduous task. Miss Carry George looked and acted the Queen well, and Aliss Vinscn made a charming Ophelia. Polonius and the first grave digger were represented by Mr. J. J. Kennedy, who was much more successfulin the latter than tihe former. As Polonius, he spoke his lines well, but for an old man lie seemed wonderfully agile. Knowing the trying nature of the piece, we do not wish to criticise harshly, but it is only just to say that the success was somewhat marred by the boisterous speeches of the exponent of Laertes. Taken as a whole, thle enter tainmsnut was sa dramatic treat, and we feel sure were it repeated any little hitch which Soiecurred would lie remedslied. The dresses Seused were excellent, and tie staging of tile piece was good. To-night the compnany will conclide their present season, when I the "Lady of Lyons" will be staged, and as this is a favourite with the Launceston I public, no doubt there will be. a good attendance to witness its representation. A.O.F.-At the special meeting of the Court Sherwood, No. 4845, held on Wed nesday evening last, it was decided to celebrate the nineteenth anniversary of the court by having a pleasure excursion to George Town and the Heads on next Prince of \Vales's birthday. A committee was appointed to carry out the arrange moents in connection with same. Honsar Snow:-The entries for the annual show of the Southern Agricultural and Pastoral Association, which is to be held on Wednesday and Thursday, October 20 and 21, close this afternoon at 4 o'clock with Mr. C. E. Doºvies, the hen. secretary at Hobart. Cnalccs'r.-Tlhe meeting of the Launces e ton Cricket Club, which was to have been Sheldlastevening, was adjburned till Tues day evening next. Practice will be com menced on the Launceston Cricket r Ground this afternoon, the pitch having a been carefully prepared. INTEnCOLONIAL ACCIDENTS, OFFENCES, RTv.-At Hill's Hotel, Walkerston, Queensland, ons of the occupants, a Miss e Dean, accidently swallowed a mouthful of horselotion containing carbolic acid, in ° mistake for whisky before she perceived e her mistake. Convillsions snt in almost i immediately, and though medical aid was promptly obtained she died next morning. l-At Charters Towers, Queensland, three d men attempted suicide in as many days. The first, named Holland, shot himself, the second, a miner named George Burn, cut his throat with a knife at the Black '° Jack reef; whilst the third, Daniel Col bridge, operated on his throat with a piece . of glass bottle. All the three would-be suicides are recovering.-At Green Island, n a man named Lawson, better known as ", Yorkey BIche-de-Mer Sterman," had his right hand blown entirely off by a dynamite cartridge accidentally exploding. 0 Amnutation at the elbow joint was found necessary.-At Richmond, Victoria, a a lamplighter named Alex. Gorrey, aged 19, r had a quarrel with his brother-in- law, and Y because his mother would hot sympathise with him, the booby resolved to do away Swith himself. Accordingly he ran down 1 to the Yarra and threw himself in. The S'cold water evidently brought him to his \- senses, and altering his determination, he y swam to the bank and landed in safety. e He then sat down and mourned over his d position, but was rather unexpectedly dis turbed by a constable who arrested him for attempting suicide and marched him st off to the watchhouse where he had a d further opportunity of chewing the bitter r' end of reflection. Later on he was brought before a magistrate who remanded him It for medical examination.-Tile Mlelbourne \- Ape has published some extraordinary dis closures with reference to private lying-in y establishments in Melbourne and its sub 1 urbs which are not subjected to any medical or police supervision. The Chief Commissioner of Police has directed a searching investigation to be made into tihe matter. Already the police have ascer n taiied that there are upwards of 100 of ' these establishments scattered throughout the suburbs, some of them situated in quiet, retired streets, the houses in no case presenting any external evidence of the nature of the business carried on within. In some instances certificates of death both of women and infants have been found, it and the police, who have received instruc tions to drag all the particulars to light, a believe some revelations of a startling clcharacter will be made. It is asserted that d many hapless women, in order to hide their shame from the world, and to destroy e all evidence of it in tie future, find a safe 0 refuge in those places. The matter has even been talked about by medical men, Ssome of whom are not afraid to say lthat Severy week in thle year newly born children are sent to an untimely grave by persons Spaid for that purpose. HARRY SALLArs, THiE PUGILIST, DYING SPENITENT.-bAS announced in our Mel u bourne telegrams, Harry Sallars, the black o pugilist, has died at 'the Bonoevolent p Asylum in that city. The Herald narrates f that Sergeant Moody, of the Salvation . Armty,spoke feelingly on Sallars's death at u the Little' Bourl.e-street barracks on SSunday nighlt. He used to be a pugilist n himself, and an acquaintance of Sallars, k who, lhe said, died penitent. Captain e Spicer, head of the Prison Gate Brigade, to said he was a pupil of Sallars in his ows * drinking andgambling days. Sallars once 8 knocked him right over a form and into a .d fireplace, but told him he was a very pro Smising young man. Mrs. Spicer added her g testimony to the change in her husband 0 since he was a. budding member of the e P.R. Sallare's death was reported many years ago, and a noes generation had al most sprung up when he re-appeared again in Melbourne, with hair as white as .UTncle Tom. Now, however, there is nodoubt of his death. d CoLoNrIL GALVANISED CORRUGAnoTED 1, Iiso.--Mr. W. Sandford, lessee of the e Fitzroy Iron Works at Mittagong, New a South oWales, has commenced the manu r, facture of galvanised sheet and corrugated n iron, thloe first evar nlsade in the Australian y colonies. Is las been pronounced equal in o quality and finish to anything of the kind o yet. imported. Mr. Sandford says that d owing to the duty of £2 per ton which has e been placed upon the.imported galvanised y iron, he lwill be enabled to turn out the c article at a price so satisfactory that he . will be able to compete with the importers. , The coal used in the manufacture of the d iron was obtained only a few milos from o the works at Mittagong. The enterprising , lessee of the Fitzroy Works states that as e they improve he intends to utilise the a native iron ore in tile manufacture of the sheet iron. He says the ore is on the a ground, which has been procured from the y Mittagong Land Company in unlimited e quantities, and in a few years, with r Government assistance, he hopes to make Sthe industry an extensive one, and employ a large number of hands. o "i Knus may be blest, but Tam was S glorious, y O'era' the'ills of life victorious." S'-Many of the "ilL- of life " may be very e mul'icurtailed by tee use of Dally's Liver and!Blood Mixture.-(Advt.) PERMANENT IIUILDING SOCIET.-Tile business of the Northern Tasmanian Per- A manent Building Society will in future be b carried on in their new offices, between the d establishment of Messrs. Hopwood and f James and Irvine and M'Eachern, Bris- s bane-street. e LATnoBE SNow.-The annual exhibition L in connection with the North-Western Agricultural Association will be held at Latrobe on the 27th iust., when liberal '1 prizes will be offered for competition. TiLe WVETncE.-Taesmania is celebrated for its weather, both in quantity and quality, but the variety displayed during the last few days has been rather confusing. I On Wednesday a cold, south-westerly gale 5 raged, on Thursday the sun shone out brightly, and on Thursday night the ther- t mometer fell below freezing point, yester- t day morning displaying a white hoar frost worthy of winter time, and ice upon stand ing pools of water. The frost has cut i down such early vegetables as potatoes and French beans, inflicting severe pecuniary t loss on gardeners. Yesterday was bright l and warm, and to- day will be-but no, recent experience shows predictions are unsafe. RELloIous.-Sermons in connection with the Wesleyan Foreign Missions will be preached in the Patterson-street Wesleyan Church to-morrow morning and evening by 1 the Rovs. G. T. Heyward and Spencer Williams. Mr. E. P. Meers will preach at 1 the Margaret-street Church in the morn ing, and Mr. James Goodger in the even ing. Mr. George Grove will preach at the Mechanics' Institute afternoon and even ing. ACCIDENT .AT MOUNT NrcUOLAs.-On Thursday last :a serious accident occurred at the Cornwall Coal Company's mine, I Mount Nicholas. The mining manager (Mr. T. E. Shaw) was testing the self I acting tramway for the first time, seeing ]how the brake and wire rope worked, the power of brake, etc. Some trucks loaded with coal were sent down, and had passed down two of the steep gradients safely, but I before reaching the third three men and a \- boy, during a temporary stoppage, I jumped on the loaded trucks, though this was in direct disobedience of s the orders of the manager. Going d own the third gradient, which is r nearly one in eight, the speed of the trucks, through the increased weight, became accelerated, and the man at the brake, Sabout three-quarters of a mile away, ap parently lost his head, for instead of put ting the brake down hard he eased it, and the trucks "ran away" at a tre mendous rate. Some of the men a jumped off, and a man and a boy stuck to the trucks, these latter' escaping with cuts and contusions. The meni who t jumped off, or, as some accounts say, were thrown off, fell amongst a lot of stones and were badly hurt. The names of the in jured are-W. Hocking, right leg and right arm broken ; Graham, hurt in the face and a one arm badly lacerated; Daniel Brough, I badly hurt, fell on front part of his head; another man arm broken; several others bruised, but not much hurt. No blame is attachable to the maiagement, and the trucks were only slightly injured. The manager brought two of the men by train to the hospital, where they were attended n to, but Brough, who is said to be suffering from concussion of the brain and internal I- injuries, cannot be moved yet. t Dn. GRATTAN GUINNESS ON MELBOURNE. g -The Melbourne Weekly Times of Got. 2 says:--Dr. Grattan Guinness is of opinion 3, that the city of Melbourne is given up , thoroughly to erotic pleasures. " Mel s bourne," said he at Ballarat, " is simply If reeking with the abominations of lust," n and, in supplement of this story, he de d scribed some visits he had paid to the t umore flashily-conducted houses of the s msonduises, who ruin the gilded youth of the city. The scene, to a man of refine 0 ment, who was, by the way, guided and , protected by a police officer, must have , been as anger-engendering as it was start , ling. In one of the houses, Dr. Guinness k adds, " there were 11 girls dressed in silks . and satins. What he saw he could not e possibly describe, and he only wondered ,e that the jaws of hell did not open and I, swallow them up." The speaker, who s appears to have adopted the idea that vice d can only be removed by those who a are acquainted with it, seems to have determined to note all that could be d seen. "He was," says the report in the a Courier, from which we quote, " shown into ), ' Madame's room' by a woman who carried d a pistol with her. This room was furnished 0o in a most magnificent manner, there being y over £900 worth of furniture in it. There n was a bed worth £90, and there, within e two yards of that sink of iniquity, was s awful to state-a bronze statue of our e Saviour. He was told that one of the men , who frequented that room was a prominent S deacon of one of the Melbourne churches. . He (the doctor) felt as if lie could curse n and swear at these abominations. There n was a marble bath, where the deacon went a to wash himself. It was simply wonderful r the way that room after room was fur t nished. And there were these poor girls. SHie said to one of them, ' My dear girl, e don't you sometimes tlink of your mother?' . But she hid her face, and, bursting into it tears, said, 'Oh! sir, I would rather you s. would not talk of that please.' This is a Srevelation of Melbourne vice told by an f observant man, who was possibly seeing a only a mild orgie in a cabinet parliculier o for the first time. What would be the condition of mind of the doctor were Ie If called to witness the more degraded aspects t of the "evil" of which he had a temporary n glance ? e INTERCOLONIAL ITEMS-Tihe Rev. J. M. e Innes, who has had charge of the Presby P terian Churches at Bacchus March and Mel Is toil,Victoria,for the last four years, has died i, from al attach of paralysis.-At Brisbane .a distinct shock of. earthquake was felt at t, 7 a.m. on September 30. The report was like that of artillery, and the vibration, ,t which was from soutlh to north, lasted some e seconds. A shock was also felt at Hawk y wood.-A bill has been introduced in tihe SSouth Australian Parliament to provide u for the extermination of tIhe star thistle 2, and the Swansoniaproxumbans, two plants wt which are a great nuisance.-Immigration n to New South Wales is to be partially dis s continued. The Government have received a cable stating that the Aberdeen will be despatched for Sydney with 821 emigrants. 0 and they have telegraphed to the Agent 1- General that no other nominations tlhan k tihose of wives and children must in future it be receivcd.-Th'le iev. A. T. Collier, of 5 Wadebridge,. Cornwall, has accepted an n initation to the pastorate of the Waverley it Congregational Church, Sydney. He will n leave England in the course of a few weeks Sper s.s. Liguria.-A hundred and twenty five compositions have been sent to the n secretary of the Adolaide Jubilee Exhibi e, tion, in competition for the prize offered n by the Executive Committee for thy best 0 ode or national hymn to be sung at the Sopening.-Constable J. J. Lillis has failed \- to obtain any damages against the Vic r torian Licensed Victuallers Advocatue for d accusing him of endeavouring to entrap e publicans into Sunday trading by sending h lis wife to ask for beer. Lillis denied this \- statement, but several witnesses swore to n its truth.-A Farmers' Co- operative Busi I ness Association has been promoted in Mf elbourne, with a capital of £100,000 in £1 shares. The objects of the association n are to conduct general agricultural buoi. S'ness. •'. . . ..... w An ExxaAOnDIsorvU COLLECTION OF SBn?uPros.-There is always some collection mania on-collections of stamps,collections n of pens, collections of coins, collections of n signatures, crests and so forth. The latest d is that of button collections which are t becoming popularin America,'and will, no s doubt, become so in other parts of the d world, not omitting. Australia, and even i Tasmania. For instance :--lrs, H.' C. ie Harris,.,of Harlem, New York, fondly s shows the work of twenty years in 8000 o buttons, collected from every quarter of a the globe. The work began on a wager in I Portland directly after the war, when s 'people believed there were not more than oe 999 different kinds of buttoins in the world. i IO less than a' year the 999 had been col io lected, and in four years 6000 buttons, all 0 different, many of them beautiful in de sign, and many brilliant and beautiful in colour. Some have come from old wars : and famous battlefields, some from gold Swines and poorhouses, some have been brought half around the world to the s collector by sea captains, some from ship ' wrebke, some just from tho.button cot , and: some are dignified old bt tha ' have seeh life in a vroiscentry It'is ,r marvello?.s! oill r~o. .' r 1 ' t , ight etrg 'on'?' thousnniid bi neh . AL'TERING TIME of AUCTION SALES. At Dunedin recently a peculiar case caune before the Resident Magistrate. A person disposing of furniture claimed .£50 damages from the auctioneer because e he held the sale sooner than was announced. The advertisement gave 6 o'clock as the hour, by mistake, and it was contended that plaintiff's friends were kept from attend. ing, and the goods were thereby sacrificed. The auctioneer was held responsible for the error. Damages, 50s, were given. Tuni M5ELBOU UNE STREI.P TRAMIWAYS. A correspondent writing from Melbourne, iunder daete 2nd inst., says :-The North Fitzroy to Speucer-street (via Collins. street) tramways have been running all day, and the incessant whirr of the cabele, the gonging of the bell, and the rumble of the cars lthas produced on most of the denizens of Collins-street a headachl they will be glad to sell cheap. If the tramway is a blessing to travellers, it has the counteracting disadvautage of being a thorough nuisance to the residents along the line of its route. A STANiae trEETING.-A little romanes sometimes finds its way into tile common. place and unhealthy surroundings of a police-office dock. At the Sydney Water Police Court last week: a man who had been sitting in a remote corner of the dock with bowed head, on hearing a name called, suddenly started and recognised a younger brother whom he had not seen for years. The youngster, who had once been tihe pet and pride of the family, stood charged with uttering a forged cheque, whilst the elder brother was charged with but a trivial offence. Recognitions followed, but t no time was allowed for explanations, and I the younger brother was led away to await Ihis trial. HANGED UY MTISTAKE.-This anecdote will show the loose way in which the French conducted their proceedings in Tonquin :-- lhe followisig incident hap. pened to a commander in the operations against the piratsso, lie had taken some score of these get tlentln, and after having ordered them to be hung at tile yard-armil lthad gone down t.. his shbin. The lofilcer Sentrasted with the task pushed it on as rapidly as possible. So when hearing onet of the Anamese crying out in ths n,,ost a energetic manner, Ego ssum itntcrprellts, the sailor, not well posted in Ilie Latin, only iastened the denouement, without paying the least attention to the unfortunate man's exclamations. An hour afterwards the commander, coming on the bridge, called for his interpreter, and on lifting his eyes, saw him swinging overhead. In i whaticountry are there not judicial mis. 7 takes? ; TrE NEw ARcnnBIBsOP OF McELnOUnRNE. S-The appointment of the Right Rev. Dr. a Thomas Carr as Archbishop of Melbourno i in succession to the late Archbishop Goold, is regarded with satisfaction in IPntmn t Catholic circles. The new archbishop is 1 looked upon as a talented and very promis ing man. He is now about forty-eight years of age. Early in life he served as a Smissionary priest in several dioceses in Ireland, and his remarkable power as a preacher soon brought him under ecelesias. tical notice. For some time lie was pro. fessor of theology at St. Jarbath's College. 1 Afterwards he was elected to the Arch. bishopric of Maynooth College, near Dublin. Whilst there lie edited the Ecclesiastical Record, which has a very wide circulation amongst the clergy. Do 2 has also written some theological works, a and is regarded as being a very eminent P scholar. He was consecrated Lord Ilishop. of Galway and Kilmacdaugh and npostolie y administrator of Kilfeunor, which coml prises sixteen parishes, on the 26th August, 1883\. At the council of bishops held in e Sydney last December, under the presi e dency of Cardinal Moran, Dr. Carr was one f of the three selectedas a suitable cosdjutor 0 to Dr, Goold, with the right of succession; d the other two selected for the co- adjutor 0 ship, without right of succession, being the Rev. Dr. O'Brien, vice- president of the Irish College at Rome I and the Very Rev. Dean Donaghy, of Melbourne. t F?on COMPOSITon To MsINIsvsn.-The d London correspondent of the Nottinghamn d Express says :-Romantic adventures ap e pear to be the special privilege of the Irish e pressman. Frank Power, a Dublin jour 0 nalist of no great distinction, went to 0 Khartoum as a kind of amanuensis to e O'Donovan, the war correspondent. Very c shortly after arriving at the junction of o the White and Blue Niles he budded into d her Brittanic Majesty's Consul, political d adviser to General Gordon, and Khartoum g correspondent to The Times. Another Irish e journalist of humble origin has just n budded into ministerial rank in Honolulu, \- where lie has been gazetted Secretary for r Foreign Affairs to his Majesty the King of n the Sandwich Islands. His Excellency is .t Mr. Robert Creighton, who commenced life 3\. as an office boy in an Irish provincial news le paper office, where he wrote the cover,. 1e After serving his time as a compositor he It held appointments in Belfast and London s1 derry as a reporter. Subsequently he pro ceeded to London, and emigrated to Auek 3\. land, where he started the Soauthose, Cross, 1, a Wellington newspaper. Frous Welling. ton he proceeded to California, and tlhen a settled in Honolulu. Here his rise has cvi u dently been rapid and satisfactory. Of a course, a few years ago Mr. Creighton n might have been done for his Majesty's g breakfast. r MAnvELLOUS Con.e-We clip the fol e lowing paragraph from the Blldigo Evening e News (Sandhurst, Victoria), of 2nd May s 1885 :-" Reomarkable cure.-We have un y disguised pleasure in publishing the an nexed testimonial. Having a personal I. acquaintanco with tlhe young man whose signature is attached theroto, and being 1- cognisant of the facts of the case, of cersee d there is no room for doubt. It was really e pitiable to see a young follow just begin t ning. to: be useful suized with a disease a which baffled our best medical skill, just n, waiting for the morning light to have the e asmgical Opeoation of amputation performet. :- But it was extremely gratifying, especially e to the sufferer and his family, that on that Sparticular evening a friend from the lcountry e should have so opportunely stepped in and a strongly advised a trial of SSanders and n Sons' Eucnalypti Extraot, which had such 1- extraordinSry effeoot, even during thie one d n'ight, that the parents insisted on tihe .e operation being delayed. The result is s. detailed in the, testimdnial, sent to us by ~- Mr. Curnow for publioation:-' 2.th April, n 1885.-Messrs, Sanders and Sons,--lt is e with thefgreatost of pleasure tihat I testify tf to the excellency of your EuOalyptiExtract. n 1 aving had inflammation on the bone of y the leg, which came on after a severe at II tack of low fever, I was attended by Dr 5 J. Boyd, who had made strenuous efforts r- to sve ,yo my leg, but without success. 1e s then found it necessary to amputate my i- limb. Having heard in thie meantime of d the wonderful cures worked by the Esca It 7t Etract, I obtained a bottle, and the Sextract had hot been applied mo?e than as d hour when I began to feel greatly relieved. After applying the oxtract every four r hours for nine or ten days I wasee out of all p danger. I would persuade all who may he g affected with any such disease to girve the slEucalypti Extract a trial, and I am con o vinced that they will find it the most \- wonderful of medieinea,--Yours, etc., E. J. n Cntrow, Wattleatreet, Sandhurst.'- n Wholesale?tepot for Tasmania--L. FAms 1 rnnlteTnanoD cON. Retailed bhy chemists Sand storekeoepers at lB 94 and .2s Gd per bottle. _ _-(7 r MEMsE and intending members of n Gunn's United Cricket Club are requested a to meet at tihe Workmen's Club at 8 p.m. tf to-day. it BLUE RInnosc TEA-erErTINGS will be held e at the Sandhill on Tuesdayand Wednesday. o Ton Omnibus Company will run 'buses . to Longford show on Wednesday. n A asenaL R Eroso of the Acitdeny of 1\. Music Company will be held at the y Mechanices',Institute on the 27th inst. 10 HoLpowAY's OINTrENT AND PILLes sf Notable Facts.-Intenso heat augments n the annoyances of 'elin disease, and Sencourages the development of febrile dis .n orders; wherefore they.should, as .they I. may, be removed by these detergent and 1- purifying preparations. In stomachl com 11 plaints, liver affections, pains and spasms of ithe bowels, HIlolloway's ointment well n rubbeld over tihe affected prrt immedliately i gives the greatest ease, prevents congestion d and inflammation, checks ithe threatening n diarrhoma and averte incipient cholera. Thrie to poorer inhabitants of large cities will find these remedies to be their best friend when any pestilence rages, or when from un- known causes, eruptions, boils, abscesses, or ulcerations betoken the presence of taints or impurities within the system, and call for instant and effective curative medicines 