SIR GEORGE GREY'S LAND POLICY. [From our New Zealand Correspondent.] Wellington, March 22. The great event of the last fortnight is the altogether unexpected success of Sir George Grey's stumping tour round the colony and the favourable hearing which has been given by men of all parties to his scheme for the partial nationalization of the land. It is the more remarkable that his greatest success should have been achieved in the South, because it is in Otago and Canterbury that the dread, not to say hatred, of our " G.O.M." lingers most strongly, and in those provinces he was received with very scant civility when he went on a similar errand last year. In Auckland Sir George Grey has never entirely lost his popularity. He lives at the Island of Kawara, some 20 miles off; he has given his exceedingly valuable library to the city; and even those who most distrust him in politics look up to him as a kind of "lion" of the place. Whenever he has addressed audiences there he has always been able to command more enthusiasm than any other public man, and even the great power of the Bank of Hew Zealand whilst detesting Sir George has ever been inclined to hold the candle to him. But to the rest of the colony Sir George Grey for the last six years has been a kind of superior Graham Berry, or at best a mischievous Mirabeau. His demo cracy has been the more disliked because he is essentially an aristocrat, and one whose distinguished career as Governor of the Cape, South Australia, and since of Hew Zealand, as well as his wide culture and undeniable eloquence placed him on a distinctly higher Bocial level than any other citizen. Then there has been a general feeling thatSir GeorgeGrey "knew better," and that his demagogism was to a certain extent humbug, put on to spite the Colonial Office, and though one can scarcely believe that he is a conscious charlatan there is undoubtedly some truth in this view. Again, when every allowance has been made, it cannot be disputed that the administration of his Government was the most extravagant ever known in New Zealand. This is explained on the ground that he was surrounded by colleagues of very inferior capacity, and that he has a soul above money matters, in which excuse there is perhaps also some truth, but which for all practical purposes only adds force to the accusation. Nor has his conduct out of office been such as to regain the respect which he lost as Premier. At first he was leader of the Opposition, but his language was so violent and the Middle Island had such a wholesome dread of him that the party found themselves obliged to appoint an other leader. This gentleman, whose capacities were certainly very inferior, Sir George chose altogether to ignore, and as he carried about a third of the party with him, and it was to Major At kinson's interest to maintain the division by giving every support he could to Sir George, he succeeded in preventing any successful action by the Opposition. For tills, however, he paid the penalty of ulti mately disgusting everybody and of losing the powerful support of his former col leagues, Mr. Stout and Mr. Ballance, who were out of the last Parliament, at the general election, and found himself with a tail of only three or four in the new House. Since then he has done nothing but breathe forth threatenings and slaugh ter against a Government of "promoters and renegades*" and it is difficult to say whether he more heartily despises the Premier, whom he calls the "fallen Liberal," or the "Israelite sitting at the ceceiptof Custom te stock-job the colony." At first the Opposition were glad enough to hear Ministers abused so roundly, but .personal abuse soon tires, especially when the abuser is as much distrusted as those whom he abuses. Then for some reason or other Sir George's eloquence grew dim, and his denunciations little better than senile ravings. The mischievous disposi tion of the old man became forgotten as his power for mischief disappeared, and the feeling towards him when he began his present tour was a kind of semi-con temptuous respect for "a light of other days," one who has lingered too Ion" upon the scene. Whether this was a favourable mental condition for him to strike upon, or whether it was the blackness of the Government which threw into relief his own somewhat shady past, I don't pretend to say, but there can be no doubting that Sir George has partially whitewashed himself in the public mind by the excellent and eloquent speeches he has made thoughout his tour, and that his policy has taken hold in the most unexpected quarters. That he will regain office by it is unlikely, and he says that he feels himself too old ever to take office again, but something is likely to come of his proposals if not exactly in the shape in which they are put forward by him. An agricultural population is the main element of progress and population in a young country like this, says Sir George, and it is for want of it that the colony is languishing. "What is required to remove the depression are small farmers, and the reason we do not get them is that there is little or no land available for settlement, and that the terms upon which farms can be acquired are too complicated and difficult. Railways and public works are all very well—I am making an extremely free translation— but we must occupy the lands nearest the markets and centres of population before we push into the interior. Both in Otago and Canterbury a great deal of the best agricultural land in the neighbourhood of towns is in the hands of large capitalists, who use it for pastoral purposes; in the North Island it is in the hands of the Maories. The moral is to buy out the obstructive landowners and cut up their lands into small farms. The time is pecu liarly opportune for this. Laud has not been at so low a figure for the last twenty years, and the property - tax valuation recently taken affords a basis upon which the purchase can be made so as to prevent the Government paying too much for the land, whilst as a rush to sell may be expected open Land Courts are to be appointed to discuss publicly all applica tions to sell, and effect the beBt bargains if offers are made below the property - tax valuation. Payment is to be made to the landowners in land bonds bearing 4 per cent, interest, payable in London or New Zealand, and the land after being cut up is to be let on quit-rent of six months with tenant-right at a fixed rental of 5 per cent, on the purchase price, the extra 1 per cent, being imposed to cover costs of administration, the interest on blocks left unrented, &c.; This to be the only system of parting with Crown lands in the colony. There is to be a limitation as to the amount of bonds which may be issued in the first instance, so as not to go too fast, and the authority of the General Assembly is to be required for any further issue. No person is to be allowed to hold more than 320 acres of such land. These are the main features of the scheme. Alongside of it he prepoBea to institute a land tax to capture a portion of the unearned increment on the land, with an income tax to take the place of the property tax, but whatever may be done in the future there is no prospect of any such change during the next Parliament. The property tax gives general satisfac tion. The attempt of the present Govern ment to upset it broke down completely, whilst the fall in prices having lowered the value of land more than any other kind of property there is additions! force to the argument that land should not at this time be specially taxed. As regards borrowing Sir George would continue the construction of public works and authorize one-half the proposed West Coast Railway —i.e., the half across the island, omitting that up the north-west coast to Nelson— but thinks the Government proposals go too fast and too far. On the subject of the general expenditure he urges retrench ment, apparently in the shape of a reduc tion in the salaries of all the leading officials in the service. Returning to the main scheme, Sir George urges with truth that the reason agriculture is paying so badly now is that the price paid, whether in rents or deferred payments, is too high, being based upon a much higher price of produce, and he would grant reductions both to agricul tural and pastoral tenants and to deferred payment settlers. On land near the towns bought at present values there can be no doubt that farmers would be able to pay the interest as rent and make a handsome profit. He particularly pointed to the number of farmers in South Australia who would jump at such an opportunity. That the land bonds would easily fetch par in the London market his strongest opponents admit, as they would be f 1 pa; | able to bearer," Nor is there any injus tice to the present possessors, Some might object on sentimental grounds to parting with their property for the public good, but the support which the scheme iB quietly receiving from the south of New Zealand and the large Companies and landowners shows pretty well how the wind is setting in that direction. The only two real objections to the trial of the scheme are whether there is any need for it—i.e., whether people will take these lands if they take the ordinary Crown lands, and that of principle State interference and the creation of a large tenantry. The first is to some extent met by the distance of all good land from market j the second opinions will of course differ. My own impression is that the quit-rent system will certainly be added next session to our other systems of land tenure and that there is a fair chance of the repurchasing portion being tried on a small scale, but we are not likely to abandon all our other systems of land tenure for it, nor to derive all the ad vantages from it that Sir George Grey knows so well how to paint. Tobelieva Iiim, New Zealand ia to become the "hub" of the universe once this plan is: adopted. Farmers from all quarters of: the world will flock here, and depression will be a thing of the past within six: months. As for poor South Australia,; she is to be completely denuded of her: agricultural population—soon the land: will be covered with smiling homesteads and the cities bright with cheerful faces. So well did Sir George's scheme take in; Dunedin, which is the very centre of the dread of him, that a number of leading merchants signed a requisition to him to address them again, which he accordingly did at the Grecian Hall, an enormous building, holding 4,000 people, which was crammed from top to toe. A little bird has whispered to me that the leading mer chants hoped for a philippic against Sir Julius Vogel and Mr. Stout, and were bitterly disappointed, but the "Grand Old Man," as it is now the fashion to call him, contented himself with vague denunciation of the mischief of carrying on the Government on the principles of a joint-stock Company and sarcastic declarations of his confidence in the Liberalism of the Premier, which were too delicately put to be seized by the crowd. This second speech is generally considered the best he has delivered for some years. The picture which he drew of the future of New Zealand and its mission in the Pacific was a masterpiece of eloquence, and the moral he drew from it that the present inhabitants should feel that they held this glorious inheritance in trust for their descendants and not pawn it to money-lenders took well; but the history of the notorious Grey Government from 1877-9 rises like a ghost when one feels inclined to applaud the old gentleman's public spirit. As he vety truly says, at 74 years of his age his career lieB in the past, and he has neither money nor honour to gain by stumping the country ; hut, like most orators, one cannot avoid the conclusion that there is a great deal of humbug about him— unconscious probably, but there all the same. By-the-way, he told an incident in the history of South Australia in the course of his first speech. It appears that at one time anticipating a depression in South Australia at the time he was Governor he secretly sent home for some specie to meet any crisis which might! occur, and give confidence. Fortunately its use was not required in Adelaide, and when news came of the extremity of New Zealand, Sir George, on his own authority, Bent it in a man-of-war to Auckland, not altogether to the satisfac tion of your colony. A few days after wards an Indian man-of-war arrived in Adelaide, bearing the news of his appoint ment as Governor of New Zealand, with orders to proceed to Auckland immediately in the same vessel, whereon he had some I difficulty in persuading the South Aus tralians that he had not known of his ap pointment before he sent on the money, which, according to his statement, practically saved New Zealand at that crisis. The story was told to illustrate the value of a spare store of specie at a crisis. Another thing which may interest you in his second speech was his prophecy as to the future of Australia, which he thinks will be a series of big sheepwalks and plantations, deriving all its wheat and flour from New Zealand. At present Sir George is stumping through the agricultural districts in Canterbury, ex pounding his policy every night to some little village. Saturday he speaks at Christchurch, and after that he "does" the Wellington Province, unless Mr. Glad stone should read " Oceana" and take it into his grand old head to send the " great pro-conBul," who has so much in common with him, to South Africa. It has been Mr. Froude's mission in life to whitewash many blackened historical characters, and I shall not be surprised if he is more suc cessful in changing the popular view of Sir George Grey than that of Henry VIII. By-the-way, Sir George told me recently that in 1867, when he was standing for Somerset, he proposed to Mr. Gladstone the very scheme for buying out the Iriah landlords which he has now adopted, the adoption of which Sir George brings forward as an argument in favour of his New Zealand plan. Lord Granville was in favour of the plan, but Mr. Chichester Fortescue, now Lord Carlingford, and the Marquis of Harrington, were strongly opposed to it, declaring that it must inevitably break up the party, upon which Mr. Gladstone, though impressed with it, gave way. Sir George now points out that Lord Harrington and Lord Carling ford have refused to join the present Gladstone Government whilst Lord Gran ville remains a member of it. 