L DEADLY DUEL WITHOUT SECONDS. j A mysterious old frame houso on 0110 of the ii'oadBr.leailing out of Baltimore to tho suburban Wiling town of Woodberry 1ms aroused a fool ing of mingled nwo anil suspicion among the beonlo who have been passing and repassing it those last fivo years. The place is splendidly located, and would command a good salo, but the owner seems to have no desire to clisposo of it. Tho man who owns it is said to be a Cuban, who left his home at Matanzas when his property there was confiscated some years ago. People about the neighbourhood of tho " douhle-framo houso," as it is familiarly called, remember Cas tillo, the dark-complexioned cigarette smoker, and the handsome, tine formed, black- eyed Cuban girl who came with liirn, and for six months occupied the double- frame house. He was about forty years of ago, and wore u long black beard. He was of fine build, but homely features rendered actually ugly by a scar across his left cheek which distorted the lower eye-fid. iTho young woman did not look to bo ovor eigh teen. An old Spanish negro and his wife, who had beon living hi Hampden, a village near Woodborry, wero ongaged as servants by Cas tillo. They wero not a bit garrulous, liko most pervunts. The gossips got nothing out of thorn about tho mysterious couple. The couple took the I10UBO in March. It was lumdsomoly fur nished excepting the broad hallway and the parlour on tho cast sido of the house. These Svoro baro for Bovoraf liioriths, as could bo - seen through the whitlows, but. in the early part of tho summer a magnificent vosowoocl piano was put in tlio parlour, and remained tlio only article of furriitiwe'ih it. Castillo seldom wont out, and the young woman noV6r fartliei' thrill tho grounds about tile plaCo. Tile only time tlioy Svere ovor seen together ivaS tho 'day- they ar rived. Ho occupied apuvtineiitB hi tlio i'erir of tho liousu, and she in the front, Could bo scon burning in various parts of the house all night, arid nothing but'eiihttloB were iiaod. TI10 grocor at.l.VoCdborry had a ' standing: order to furnish them with - five dozen fine paraffin candlos evory Saturday. The couple's quiot life in tho old doublo-framo house noon silenced the gossip, but tho thrilling incidents that im mediately prccodod their hasty dopdrtui'O ivoro what started tho ghost stories and enshrouded tlio place (for overmore in a gloom of; romantic mystery. . About tlio middle of Soptohibt'i', ; 1881, two Cubantgontlcmcu arrived, alid the largo trunks they bioiight with thorn indicated it long visit. 1'ho old houso thon scorned infested with good cheer. Cases of wine arrived weekly from the city, and tlio , piano was ployed late into tho higlit. 'i'liis continual Until- tho first week in Noveinb.or, wh'on oho morning tlio houso ryns dis covered to be empty. It romuined lucked up for a week, when Ji couplo of county officers forced an entrance. Ij || b They found the young lady's apartments in a much disordered .condition, and somo.of her clothing was fijWd.ina clipboard. Tlie rest of the houso wni iil perfect ; order. Old Bon Lombard, tliji Hego,1 .was missing with his wife. The hoilsej.was; rolecked, and remained that way until iffaliuary, when a letter was re ceived by a gctjtlinnan. 111, the neighbourhood who had become aejiuitinted with Cnstiuo, requesting that the piano rind furniture bo sold to pay tho taxes on the place from year to year until further instructions were given. Why the Cubans disappeared so suddenly was nover known until two years later, when one day the old Spanish negro turned up unex pectedly. He said that he anil his wife had been to Cuba, and that she had died there, and he returned to his old haunts. Then it was that tho old man talked about the strango people who hacl lived in tlio double-frame houso. Ho said that Miss Lolitu Montez, tlie mysterious young lady, was a second cousin of Castino, and tlie (black-whiskered Cuban was in love with her. She always checked his advances, and would, 110 doubt, not hayo lived with him had it not been that ho controlled hor money and estates and acted as a sort of guardian. The two mon who visited Castino, and were supposed to have left hi such a hurry with him and his pretty ward, wero from New York at that time, but belonged to Cuba. One of them, an elderly gentleman, was a great friend of Castino, but tho other, a handsoriie, dashing young follow of about twenty-five years, a com panion of tho old gentleman, soon became Cas tillo's hated riyhl. Lolita and Julius Farnoro had known each other in Cuba when they wore children and forbiddon by their parents to as sociate, according to the. custom which for bids youthful Association of the soxes in that (country. j ' > Thoy soon learned to love each other. Cas tino watched thoni with a growing jealous hatred. (In less than a 111011 tli's time Lolita and Julius : had become devotedly attached to eacli other. The latter part of October Castino wontawayon (business for a few days. The evening he returned ; home I10 came upon Lolita and J ulius in each 'other's embrace in the parlour. Tlio old negro saw Castino stride up to the , couple and rudely part them. Angry words followed, and the girl went weeping to her apartments. It was a few nights after this that old Ben said ho was awakened- by. a scream, and hastily donning his clothes, started for Castino's apart- imcnt. In a vacant room adjoining Castino's bed-chamber he was startled to see Miss Lolita in her nightdress bending over the prostrate form of Julius. Blood llowcd from a wound .near his right shoulder. Castino was standing 011 the other side of the ruorn with the old Cuban holding him. Castino had a long, thin, dagger-like sword in (his hand, which arc car ried concealed in what nro called sword- canes. By Julius's sido lay another of these weapons. The two men had been fighting a duel without seconds. Lolita and the old Cubaii, who proved to be a doctor, had buret in on them just as J ulius fell wounded. Old Ben, however, would say little about what occurred afterward, excepting that tlie doctor dressed Julius's wound, and in a few days he was removed to' Baltimore, and taken to a hospital, and that (the night after the day of his departure, Castino and the young woman and himself and wife left for New York, and sailed thence to Cuba. ( An impression gained ground that the duel was a fatal one, and that Julius Farnero was taken but of that house a dead man on the night the mysterious party disappeared. 