"TALBOT FANE, BACHELOR." I IN" THREE BOOKS. By 11 ATHA." Author of " Puck Piermoxt." " Other People's Money," " Maoris and Pakehas," " Fire," " Kiorani," ' Gadabout Papers," "Living or Dead," "Australian Klves," Sec., See. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. — CHAPTER XVI. IB if HE author of a story often finds it necessary to go Mjt I Bl backwards and forwards, like the pendulum of an 3? yfe old-fashioned clock, that he may the more concisely Jj_ bring his dramatis persona; into one focus before the intelligent reader. For mv Dart, I am almost ashamed to say I have never given the dear reader a mo ment's consideration either way. When the whim is on me I must write. For the rest, your ladyship or your highness may take it for granted that if I cannot tell a story in my own fashion, 1 cannot tell it at all. We are again at Pinefalls, the home of Major Weldon, and we are just in time to see the Maori, Teranga, plunge head foremost into the sitting-room— -his face one huge picture of alarm and. terror. ' You confounded ape, what is the matter?'' cries the Major, a,t the same time grasping the culprit, and shaking him soundly. ' Speak sir ! ' 1 Ugh ! ' cried the Maori, ' Bushrangers.' ' Bushrangers 1 ' echoed several voices. ' Yes, Bushrangers,' repeated Teranga. ' They are coming here ; I saw them by the stockyard — a dozen, or more. Ki Kauri. They are all armed, and will surely kill us — every man of us. I have 6poken.' ' A party of diggers, most likely,' said the Major, looking at his daughter. ' With your permission I will go and ascertain, sir,' cries Fane, taking up his hat. 'Nay, thank you, I will go myself, hut you may accompany me, if you will,' answers the Major. ' Why not all go ? ' says Grace Weldon. ' Very well. I don't believe a word of what this idiot has said. No bushranger dare show his face at Pinefalls. Come along.' The whole party went out along the verandah, and, descend ing to the broad gravel walk beneath, betook themselves to the other side of the. garden. Here they were startled to find a body of men drawn up two deep, and in uniform. ' Is this Pinefalls Station ? ' cried a voice from the other side of the force. ' Yes, this is Pinefalls,' replied the Major. ' Thank you. Would it be asking too much to beg Major Weldon to step this way. I have a message for him,' cried the voice. ' I am the very personage, sir,' cries the master of Pinefalls, in a friendly tone. ' Whom have I the honour of addressing ? ' ' Lieutenant West, Lieutenant Howe's Rangers, at your service,' responds the voice. ' I have a letter for you, sir, from our Commander, Colonel Howe.' ' Glad to hear it. Step this way. How many men have you with you, Mr. . West ? ' ' A dozen, rank and file, sir ! ' answers the other, as he joins the Major, who, leaving the rest of his companions to follow at their leisure, leads the way to the house. In a very short time the rank and file are dismissed, to find quarters among the servants, while the young officer is brought into the well-lit drawing-room, and presented in due form to the family and visitors. Lieutenant Fenton West is a tall, dark, handsome man, the very beau ideal of a soldier. He has an easy flow of small talk, can sing and play, and tell most wonderful anecdotes anent himself. For the most part he is as vain of his good looks as a Sunday-school miss — has an idea that every lady who looks upon him must consequently fall in love with him ; otherwise, the youthful son of man is a capital fellow in his way. He is good with the gloves, can wrestle, play singlestick, a very dab at farce, and a crack shot. Howe's Rangers are a splendid body of men — half-soldier, half-police — the force numbering about 800 men, and having their head quarters at Ota go. They were raised by Colonel Jack Howe, a leading colonist, (formerly of the 7th Hussars,) during the late Maori war, and have been retained by the Government for service in the interior of the country. Many a poor settler has had cause to bless Howe's Rangers. They are the men who have put down Maori filibustering, and executed summary vengeance on the numerous bands of rebels who yet prowled about in the outlying districts, murdering the Pakehas, and destroying their property. ' My old comrade-in-arms, Colonel Howe, has done me the honour to billet his men at Pinefalls for a few days,' says the Major, after pursuing the letter handed to him by the young officer. ' Of course, I am entirely ignorant of your mission in this part of the country,' turning to his guest. ' But you and your men are heartily welcome, sir, and I only hope the few days may be so many weeks, none the less.' ' 1 am almost in total obscurity with respect to our mission,' responds Fenton West, turning from Grace Weldon, to whom he has been talking. ' I received orders to march to Pinefalls, and there await further instructions, but what the said instruc tions are I have not the faintest idea. By-the-way, is there not a goldfield in the vicinity ? ' ' Yes I The Thames Valley is but three days' journey from here,' responds the Major. < That explains it,' says West. 'We are booked for the gold escort.' The conversation becomes general. The visitor discovers an old acquaintance in Major Weldon's daughter. They hare met before, once in Auckland, and again at a ball in the city of Wellington. The Lieutenant has that kind of cosmopolitan temperament which soon makes him a chere ami with all present. Even Talbot Fane, whose first impression of the man is dislike, thaws a little out of his usual reserve and becomes friendly. Dinner is announced. An old fashioned meal which knits the guests in closer brotherhood to their host. Music after dinner. Nothing on earth so favourable to digestion as good music. There was a full moon in the sky, which transforms black night into charming twilight. The ladies have left the gentlemen to talk over their wine ; but at the sound of the piano, they (the gentlemen) leave the table en masse , and gather on the verandah round the open folding doors leading into the music room. Mrs. Elmsleigh is singing. Hark ! f< Let me feel your hand in mine, Grateful, tender, soft, and warm ; Let me see those blue eyes shine, Let me clasp thy girlish form : And the cares that fill my breast — Lonely saddened and distressed, Will like sleepy birds at even Sink to rest. " Let me feel your hand in mine, Nestling like a frightened dove — Like a benison divine, Fluttering downward from above. By thy touch I surely know If you love me well, and so I shall see your cheek's warm blushes Brightly glow." Applause from the verandah party, and a show of protest from the ladies — who, .poor things, laboured under the im pression that they were quite alone. They are not to be appeased, however, until Mr. West has taken Mrs. Elms- leigh's place at the instrument. ' My songs are anything but sentimental,' says he, apolo getically, and at the same time thrumming a lively air. " Oh, I should like to go Where the golden apples grow — Where below another sky Parrot islands anchored lie, Where in sunshine reaching out, Eastern cities, miles about Are with mosque and minaret Among glorious gardens set. " Oh, I should like to ride Through the simoon fiery tide : Where the apes and cocoanuts And the negro hunter's huts — Where the knotty crocodile Lies and blinks in the Nile. Where in j angles near and far Man-devouring tigers are." Applause and laughter together, with many regrets that the gallant singer cannot have his wish (as set'; forth in his song) gratified. When the noise has subsided, the soldier asks Miss Weldon to sing. Grace looks shyly towards the spot where Cyril Temple and his friend are seated, and moves quietly to the piano. . 1 I'm afraid I shall bore you with my sentiment, Mr. West.' ' Not at all,' he says, laughing. Grace selects her song, and sings it well, in her rich mezzo- soprano. " When the flowers are all dying, And the south wind sweet and low, Bound their graves a dirge is sighing, Will it not be ssveet to know That while autumn clouds are looming, And the summer charms depart, There are brighter flowers blooming In the garden of the heart 1 " When the breath of evening lingers, And the sun's rays softly steal Through the vine with rosy fingers, Will it not be joy to feel That, while we in wakeful dreaming Mark the golden moments roll, There's a brighter morning beaming, Through the twilight of the soul?" Not a breath of noisy applause followed the girl's song. The charm was too strong upon her listeners for that. In the midst of the silence that ensued, Cyril Temple came to the rescue. Hear him ! I come with the birth of evening wind, On the spray of a summer shower ; I have dozed away, through a sultry day, In the folds of a half-blown flower. I come on a mission of light and love, To a maiden young and fair ; She sleeps by the side of the river tide, And I'll whisper it to her there. She slept in the truth of a trusting heart, With a spirit as pure, as kind, And the fairy flew to this maiden true On the breath of the evening wind. He swept from its beautiful careless fall — With his wing — her dusk- brown hair, And, kissing the ear of this maiden dear, He whispered his mission there. As soft and as quick as the silver sheen That mirrors a moonlit sea, On her lips, awhile, hung a loving smile As she waked to a reverie. And ever the same when a fairy bears From the spirit world a beam, We shudder or smile to each whispered wile, And his mission we call a dream . ' Bravo 1 young fellow,' cries the Major, applauding with both hands, and thereby singeing his beard with the fire from the cigar he is smoking. 1 1 had no idea you were musical.' Cyril laughs. ' I fancy we are not wise judges of each other,' he says. 'Now, I have an idea that our worthy and respected host could beat my humble effort, if he would kindly try.' Applause, and loud calls for the Major. ' God bless my soul ! ' ejaculates the master of Pinefalls, growing suddenly apoplectical. ' What d'ye mean, sir ? Why, it is over twenty years since I last tried my hand at a song, and that was the night before Inkermann, when a few of ' ours ' were dining with General C . Colonel Tom Sutton gave me his confidential opinion on my vocal effort ; he said that my voice reminded him of a saw grating on a nail.' ' There is one song you used to sing, pa,' says Grace. ' You know, I have accompanied you many a. time, when you and I have been shut up together in that great wintry house at Hawthorn.' ' Eh ! Yes, certainly,' reflects the Major. ' But, my dear, the ditty is only fit tor children, or — or an officer's mess room.' The guests will not take a refusal, and the host is led captive to the piano, where Grace takes her seat and begins a lively but pretty prelude. ' Gentlemen, the song has, what my friend, Tom Sutton, would term, a rattling chorus,' again says the Major, clearing his throat for action. ' Capital ! So much the better ! ' cry the others. Trust the lad, though now rebelling — Do not fear ! Turn him not from this, our dwelling, Father dear ! Bear with him a little longer In his sin ! Love will make his poor heart stronger — Take him in I Chorus— Trust the lad a little longer — Do not fear I He may better grow, and stronger, Father, dear I Scarcely twenty years have brightened And grown sere, Since, a babe, our hearts he lightened, Father dear 1 How we loved our little brother ; Ah 1 thought we, Not in all the world another Such as he. ' Chorus, boys.' And it is a ringing, harmonious refrain, and so simple that the poorest musician may join in its full compass. On one stifling hot December, Oh, how drear 1 Mother left us all, remember, Father, dear ! And before she entered, smiling, Into joy, " Love," she said, with voice beguiling, " Love my boy." Chorus— Trust the lad a little longer — Do not fear ! He may better grow, and stronger, Father, dear 1 End of Book I. BOOK II.— NIGHT. CHAPTER I. A peep into Talbot Ashford's Diary. 'I? FIND I only began to lire at twenty — I, Talbot Ashford, || only son of Ralph Ashford, Major General, K.C.B., of if Glencourt, awaken up to the fact that hitherto, viz. : from J li my infancy to the age of one-score years, I had existed only, no more. In this, my chronicle, with its faded ink, and its yellow pages, will be found the events which roused me into life. Ah, me ! What shadows haunt us till we have found the power and the way to imprison them. Keep a diary, and, lo ! every thought, every haunting memory of the past, rising as sheeted ghosts, to terrify and drive us to despair, are chained, bound fast. We take them from our hearts, and lay them to sleep within a frail sheet of paper, else will they worry ub to our doom. When did I begin to live ? One sunny day, after I had . returned to Glencourt from England , where, for five years, Oxford had claimed me as its pupil. Horace, Plautus, Moliere, Le Sage, Voltaire, Cervantes, Shakespeare, Fielding, Swift, gave me no more knowledge of the world than book lore gives to the impulsive student, who finds life but to live, and enjoyment the chief aim of life. There are men who say they know the world, because they know its vices. Admit this claim, and what sage would rival a smart policeman 1 I had the lore of the sages, but I was utterly ignorant of that great book, mankind. Light- hearted, happy, and without a care, I took men, and women for what they seemed. Goethe, with all his strange weird-like power, presented only the beautiful to my inward vision. Milton, with his ponderous and mighty genius, sang to me only of light and strength. His great creation, the Prince of Darkness himself, was not, to my mind, the miser- able cartoon of the vulgar, but rather majesty humbled by pride — good perverted. A man will never become a scholar of the world without the one thing needful — observation. You may enrich your mind and store your brain with all the craft of Alma Mater, yet, your learning is as so much fuel, wanting the appliance of the match to fire it into life and activity. It mostly happens that experience is the forerunner of observation. Deceit brings in its train suspicion ; suspicion observation. This is my ' proces verbal a maximis ad minima. After weary years of watching and waiting, I began to write these things down. Not that I have any connecting link from day to day, or month to month, of circumstance or event as it took place, but because the only way that presented itself to me of allaying memories that were almost unbear able was to jot them here, in black and white. Runny the morn, and beautiful the landscape, decked in its morning robe of green, and grey, and russet-brown, as I took my way across the bracing uplands of Westland. Beneath me pranced and capered Hannibal, my father's favourite hunter, who, pulling strong in his fiery pride, carried me along like a bird on the wing. Casting my eyes away over the plain, I saw a lady on horseback, dashing away at a head long gallop towards the rocks and chasms, and the deep ravines which border Lake Whipeara. It needed no second glance to convince me that the steed — a powerful thoroughbred — had the mastery, and was carrying its fair burden to swift and certain destruction. I saw the reins were broken, but the rider sat the flying horse coolly and gracefully, her only grip a piece of the ungovernable brute's mane, held firmly in her gloved band. In an instant the situation was revealed to me. The next, saw me pressing Hannibal to bis swiftest pace, to intercept the runaway. There was about an equal distance between the nearest point of the lake and where the race began — the thoroughbred heading with a straight rush for the water. I, taking a cross course to cut him off from the dangerous point. It seemed to me that death, certain and bloody, awaited the lady, if I did not gain the rising ground first. With knee and voice I urged the gallant hunter, who, seeming to comprehend what was at stake, bounded along like a stag — flinging the white foam from his nostrils, and snorting in reply. I cannot tell how I joined issue with the frightened steed. Barely fifty paces from the summit of the steep jagged cliff, I seized the loose hanging rein, and, twisting it round my hand, suddenly wheeled the runaway round, back the way he had come. The wrench and strain upon my wrist pains me yet, and will pain me while I live. The maddened brute pulled me out of the saddle, but I held on to him, and brought him up — his chest and flanks quivering, and covered with sweat and blood. In a moment the fair rider leapt to the ground. Looking at her, I saw a face of rare and exceeding loveliness, which smiled upon me, while her soft white hands touched mine, that were aching and throbbing with pain. A brunette of the Moorish type, with a dash of the wild Bohemian, the face brilliant, the red lips a trifle too full and too sensual ; but altogether a matchless superb girl, just budding into womanhood. ' Sir, how brave you have been — you have saved my life — and at the risk of your own. What can I say to you ? How can I thank you ? ' The voice was low, and sweet, and rich — a most excellent thing in woman. « J am already thanked,' I said. 1 Is there any way in which I can have the honour to assist you ? ' She laughed, and, with an Eastern grace, replied, 1 Mend my bridle, which naughty Tricksy has broken, and kindly see me to Monseprat.' ' Monseprat ! Is that your home ? ' ' Yes. You can see its gables yonder, by the Lake. This morning I went forth for a gallop with my favourite here, but the brute turned restive and bolted.' The runaway appeared quiet enough now. I saw by its points that it was a grandly bred mare, a chesnut in colour. ' What a noble beast 1 ' I said, in admiration. Yes,' she replied, patting the naughty one's shining neck. ' My brother gave 300 guineas for Tricksy. From him I received her as a present.' Monseprat was a roomy villa, hid by a forest of Kauri Pines. Of its occupants I had never heard a word from my father, or my sister Hilda. It seemed all tbe more strange to me when my fair companion, who had not mentioned her name, led me to the house, and then introduced me to her father, Mons. Emile Barjew. For a Frenchman, the Pere could speak English remarkably well. He was an alien from his beloved France, he said. He had taken part with the people in the disturbances of '48, and had to fly from his enemies. Monsieur Barjew was tall and thin, with a dark, restless eye, that never looked straight at you. I stayed and dined, and was introduced to Riah Barjew's brother, Paul. He was only a youth, scarcely out of his teens — but, as I afterwards discovered, he had a profound knowledge of the world, which, at times, baffled calculation. There are men who do not require experience in this art — they take to it intuitively. Their first step in life exhibits the same profound mastery over the minds of others as at the close of a noble or ignoble career. From the first I did not like Paul Barjew. Something there was in him that repelled, and yet attached me to him. Perchance the secret of this lay in the subtle charm and fascination which his beautiful sister soon began to exercise over my every feeling, thought, and word. Looking back at these things through the vista of years, I am amazed at the madness of my infatuation, for I know now it was not love. I became a constant visitor at Monseprat. Riah Barjew met me ever with a blush and a smile of welcome. Ah ! her's was a mouth that Burely smiled destruction. Her's was a face that was as a story whose leaves are yet uncut. Out on the still lake, with the moon overhead, and hosts of stars mirrored on its clear bosom. No Princess of the Tuileries, or of the Quartier Breda, had more grace, or a more fatal gleam in those black lustrous eyes, with their dangerous droop of thick, curling lashes. Warm, tranquil night, and alone with Riah Barjew. ' Ah, Monsieur,' she pleads, softly, ' how brave you were that morning, to dare stop a mad runaway horse, in full flight — it was marvellous ! You saved my life. How shall I ever show half my gratitude ? ' c Give me leave to love you, Riah.' ' Hush ! These are graceful words, but you do not mean them, Monsieur.' ' Gall me Talbot, lady. Ah 1 if I have but won the rich recompense which lies in the smallest title to your gratitude I am the happiest of men.' She looked up at me, with the light of the moon on her calm, dispassionate face. ' Men yearn for nothing but power,' she answered. ' Love with you means idle compliments and flattery. With us, youth and beauty are Crown and Sceptre, and we reign over the realm of love. You are old, and require nurses or crutches, ere power becomes yours. We we live only in our youth, and in our beauty, and we enjoy love in it. If I live long enough, my hair will be white, and my skin yellow. Bah 1 let us not waste time in talking of that love which men profess.' O, the calm dreams in silent glens, and on wooded heights, with the echo of that silvery voice charming and luring me while it charmed. 0, the soft music beneath the giant Kauri Kings 1 Every lovely woman has a caprice, but Riah Bar jew's every mood was without the rule that guides most women. ' You like music,' she says, softly. ' Ah, yes, I can see it in your face. Englishmen are cold and prosy, but they have eloquent eyes sometimes.' She sings, without effort, the familiar canzone of Figaro, with a voice which the sweet-throated tohos in the leaves above us might have envied. From Figaro to the sublime harmonies of the Stabat Mater, without prelude or apology — now wailing like the sigh of a Vesper hymn at eventide — now bursting into passionate prayer like the swell of a Te Deum from the cathedral altar. Out on the still night rose the matchless music of voice, rich, clear, thrilling, and changing suddenly to one of Verdi's gayest arias, mingling Kuken's slumber song with some reckless Venetian barcarolle. ' Your voice is exquisite, marvellous, Riahl ' She laughs softly. ' They know how to teach music in Paris, Monsieur.' 'You were not born in Paris ? ' ' No,' she answers. ' I can claim no higher lineage than a half-blood Maori for my mother, but they made me what you see me in la belle France. Sitting here makes me think of the old days at the convent at Dijon : how I used to beat my wings, and long to escape over the purple mountains.' No more dangerous siren in ancient fable than this, with the mocking light of her gazelle eyes, and the rosy, smiling lips. No more witching creature from the pages of Galluzzi, who dazzled all men who looked on them with the shine of their tresso doro, yet whose white jewelled hands shook the philter into the loving cup. Let me moralize no more, or I shall fill the pages of my diary ere I have freed the thoughts which rise betimes like accusing angels. In the abstract, my sin lay in this. I was the willing dupe of a consummate scoundrel and his confederates, who used a cold, calculating, and beautiful decoy to lure me — that is all. The details, abrupt, and perhaps a little vague, may serve as a beacon to others who, like myself, are ignorant of the smooth gilded ways of wickedness. I had been acquainted but a short time with the exile, Barjew and his family, when I began to play. How it came about is a mysLery, for in my heart I hated gambling. Per haps it was because Riah Barjew was my partner at these times, that I began to look forward to the long winter evenings at the villa as a sort of Eden, wherein there was only one Eve for me. Not at this time, but long afterwards I knew Monseprat to be nothing more nor less than a gambling hell, and its inmates the very worst type of so-called gentlemanly ruffians that prey on society. There was nothing unusual in the crowded rooms, filled night after night with eager, watch ful men and women, who staked their last shilling with the sang froid of My Lord Rochester. Even at that time, when I saw nothing beyond the big black eyes of my lovely lure, it struck me as most strange, but I had visited Paris, and I knew the Parisians to be fond of ecarte as a pastime only. In my novitiate, my fair partner was allowed to instruct me until I became an apt player, and I went on into the trap. It was a curious study to watch the tide of fortune flowing into our hands at the beginning. Truly, luck was everything in our case. Many a half-smothered sacre was heard from beneath the thick moustache of Emiie Barjew at our success, and as his daughter swept the golden pieces into her lap. This was the beginning. Slowly but surely the fever laid its grip upon me — the feverish excitement of the gambler. While the malady was upon me I cared little whether Riah Brajew was present or otherwise. The ambi tion to win seemed to absorb all else of thought or feeling within my heart. The photographs of the persons who gathered nightly round our table are vividly retained in my memory. Old Barjew, with his thin, keen face hungrily watching the cards on the green baize. Opposite the host, a well-made, handsome young man, about my own age — by name, Jasper T. Vane, and who might have easily been taken for my twin brother. Paul Barjew filled the picture as my vis a vis. Beyond the glare of the lamps was one figure whom 1 observed often, watching for some one who never came. It was the form of a lady — if the erect carriage, small, well- gloved hands, and a hundred other unmistakeable signs of birth and breeding, are any indications of a gentlewoman. She always took up a position in the same spot, and that spot the most shrouded part of the room. She never played, and no one appeared to trouble themselves about her. At a certain hour she left the villa, but to return again the next evening to her post. One night my curiosity got the better of my manners. ' Who is this lady ? ' I asked of my host, pointing to the dark form, standing motionless as a statue. Barjew wheeled round. ' Ah, mon ami,' he said, shrugging his shoulders, ' that is a poor creature who comes and goes to my domicile as the whim pleases her. Mrs. Sydney Blake is the wife of my most intimate friend — a gentleman whom I shall have much pleasure in introducing to you by- and-by. At present he is in Melbourne, but will be here after the races.' ' Is Mr. Blake a racing man ? ' e My good friend,' replied my host, with a laugh, ' you English have a way of saying harsh words. Mr. Blake is a sportsman, and the owner of several racehorses.' ' Humph. Does the lady know that her liege lord is absent ? ' ' Who can tell what the thoughts of women are ? ' answered Barjew, evasively. 1 Some years ago Mrs. Blake lost an infant daughter. The poor creature has not been altogether right here (touching his forehead) since that unfortunate event.' ' How lost ? ' ' Stolen out of its cradle, kidnapped,' briefly replied the host. ' Whoever the thief, he has managed to keep his secret, and hide his crime. The child was never recovered. Come, mon chere , mind your play.' If I had fortune at my back in the commencement, the jade soon turned her fickle front. I lost heavily — that is, my gambling transactions amounted to more than I could pay. All had been well for me had I come to my senses at this point, but my losses, instead of acting as a warning, only created in me a determination to retrieve them. I returned home. My father reproached me for my long absence, and parted with me in an angry mood. Did he suspect ? Alas ! for vain frivolous youth. Cut the string of the kite, and lo ! whither will it go ? I wanted money, and my sister Hilda came to the rescue. I told her my honour was involved, and that a thousand pounds would free me. She gave me her cheque book. i I have two thousand odd in the Bank of New Zealand, my grandmother's legacy,' she replied, ' Draw for that amount if it will help you, Talbot.' I kissed her, and went back to Monseprat. In a week I was beggared of every shilling my noble sister had given me. There are some temperaments which become savage and desperate under defeat. Some men there are, and I felt myself to be one of them, who, if they had the strength to back the will, would wreck the world in their mad desire to conquer. I remember, in my school days, encountering a big bully, in the shape of a butcher, a coarse, brutal fellow, who was the terror of the locality at fisticuffs. He was a man, and I a boy, but I would have beaten him to death if his friends had not taken him away. The bully nearly killed me, yet my will mastered him. e You have the Devil's luck, Ash ton,' said Paul Barjew. ' Dame fortune is decidedly against you, my dear follow,' drawled Yane. ' Better not tempt the goddess any further.' The very front of these things would have opened the eyes of anyone less bewitched and foolish than myself, but the men were observers, mark you, and they knew how to pull the strings which move the puppets human. Their words were taunts to me, and I replied haughtily that advice was thrown away upon me. I should not cease until I had my revenge. A man can slide into ruin if he is bent upon it, just as easily as a lad can pass down a smooth plank after the manner of a monkey. My friends introduced me to a money lender, who, for a ' consideration,' took my note of hand, and supplied me with what cash I wanted. Luck was against me always. It mattered not with whom I played, the loans I received melted away like wax. One day I received a stern peremptory letter from my father, commanding me to return home. I paid no heed, but went my own wild, sinful way to rui i. How did the end come ? It seems to me now only as the remembrance of some horrid nightmare, when I try to disentanglethe confused phan tasmagoria. I know I had been drinking heavily — drink in any shape had hitherto been as so much poison to me, but I took it greedily now, to still conscience. From the feverish desire to retrieve my losses, I had passed on to a state of careless, callous indifference. While money was supplied to me I took it, and did not trouble how or why it should be paid back. It was only when the source stopped — dried up, that the awakening came. I remember, it was a dark night in February, I found myself moping all alone in a small retreat, a sort of shrubbery, adjoining the villa at Monseprat. I had losf a large sum of money — I do not know how much, and had given a bill at sight for the amount on my father, the General. My mind was a chaos, a con flicting hell, wherein one huge black shadow stretched its blighting wings between me and the stars. The shape was Self Destruction. Yes, above the walled gloom around, that one thought took shape like a streak of light in a riven thundercloud. Sitting here, nursing and strengthening the terrible devil within me, I became aware that I was not alone. Two persons, whose forms I easily recognised in the darkness as Jasper T. Vane and Riah Batjew, entered arm in arm and paused within a few feet of me. ' And so you are really going to-morrow, Jasper,' she said, in low trembling accents. ' Must it really be to-morrow ? ' ' Really to- morrow, dear Riah,' lie replied, releasing his arm, and folding her to his bosom. I have been away seven months, four weeks longer than my term of leave.' ' Well, I suppose it must be so,' she said ; ' but I will follow you to Melbourne, Jasper, I'm determined.' 1 What I leave your devoted swain, Mr. Ashford, to mourn your absence,' he cried, with mock solemnity. I saw Riah Barjew draw herself from his embrace, and straighten her figure to its full height. ' No more of this nonsense,' she cried, stamping her little foot in sudden passion. ' What have I to do with such a foolish feather-brain as this boy. Do you think it possible that I, the daughter of Emile Barjew, swindler, rakehell, the polished rook of society, could entertain one serious thought on such a green-headed fool, save for the purposes for which we use such as he. Bah ! The hawk and the dove cannot mate. 4 Forgive me, Riah. I did but jest,' he cried, again enfolding her. 4 Why not come with me to Melbourne.' 4 Ah, why not ? ' she answered, in a voice that shook with strong emotion. 4 You have all that a woman such as I can give you — love. In it you have a talisman, which makes me your willing slave, Jasper, for ever. Take me where you will. But beware you deceive me not. I am of that dispo sition which does not submit to wrong tamely.' He led her out with soothing words, his arm round her waist. I have no idea how long I sat in that retreat. Motion, feeling, life itself seemed suspended within me. The cup of bitterness was full and overflowing. If I had not been held spellbound with amazement, I would have struck this woman dead at the feet of her paramour. I had no power to back the strong will. Like the somnambulist who retires to his soft couch and wakes up to find himself on some dangerous peak or chasm, I found myself at that moment, when the scales fell from mine eyes. In one single moment of time a man may experience that which crowds itself into a lifetime. As I write now , after those years, the old horror comes back to me, and I have to lay down my pen until it has passed. Christ, pity and strengthen all who are weak and are tempted ! That one shadow, which I hugged in my dark hour, still pointed thfe way to me, and I followed it. It pointed to a revolver hung over the fireplace in my bedroom at Glencourt. It was still night when I reached home. I had not been there for months, nor had answered the many letters sent to me. I reached my room stealthily, took down the weapon, loaded it carefully, and hid it in my bosom. As I crept cautiously along the corridor, on my way out of the house, a door opened suddenly, and the General stood before me. 4 So,' said he, sternly, 4 it is you! You, Talbot Ashford, roue , gambler, and thief, crawling into my house like a burglar in the dead of night ! You, whom I loved, and whom I imagined would preserve the honour of an old and untarnished name, have blackened and dragged it through the mire. Begone wretch ! You are no longer son of mine 1 Hence ! before 1 kill you. Strip yourself of that which you are not worthy to bear — ray name, and never let me look upon you again — go.' Without a word I obeyed, still following the shadow that led me, I walked onward full of one thought. Dawn came, and the day grew on, and when evening fell it found me in a solitary ravine on the eastern shore of the Lake. I had no idea of time, or light, or darkness ; for this self-same shape of destruction had me thoroughly in its graBp. It seemed to mock at life with its sharp agonies and pointed the way out of it. A spasm, and it was done. I pointed the weapon at my heart ; when, lo ! another shadow came between me and the tempter, and stayed my damnable purpose. The shadow and form and substance of a woman, with a pale melancholy face, which looked down upon me with a world of sympathy in her loving eyes. Grasping the revolver, she wrenched it from my hand, and threw it into the deep waters at our feet. Then she spoke. 'Foolish boy. Would you kill your soul as well as your body,' she said. 4 Who are you ?' 4 A woman, whose years fit her for your mother, and whose sufferings out-balance yours a hundred fold. Oh, wicked, unhappy youth,' she cried. I have seen you with the villains in yonder den, and I watched you, for I saw it would come to this in the end.' The shadow was still with me, and I answered sullenly. 4 Enough madam ; leave me to myself. A wretch such as I is not fit to live.' 4 Hush,' pleaded the soft voice. 4 Pain and sorrow are sometimes the ministers by which we are purged of folly and sin. I, like you, have seen the black gulf, out of which came a devil to lure me to perdition. I had a treasure on which my whole heart was fixed. Mine was a proud heart ; and the treasure was taken from me, so that I might see the beauty of humility.' 4 Who are you ?' 4 I am Ethel Black. God help me. Night after night, while full of another purpose, I have watched you going headlong whither yonder villains led you ; and while I watched, to me came the thought that if I could only lead you back out of the darkness into the sunlight again, Heaven would bless my effort and restore my treasure to me.' I cannot say how the fiend went out of me at this poor creature's pleading. In her accents, my dead mother seemed to speak to me from the world of spirits, and my heart was melted, the dread shape exorcised. Mrs. Black took me to her house. Here the strain upon my nerves gave way, and I lay in a dangerous fever, through which I was carefully nursed by my noble hostess and her servant. With health and strength came the resolve to atone for my past wickedness. No more Talbot Ashford, but Talbot Fane. Fane, the maiden name of my poor dear mother, should be mine until I had redeemed myself — until I had paid back the money I had lost at Monseprat. And now a gleam of light falls softly on me as I pen these words. Mrs. Black, my benefactress, is here beneath the same roof with me, but she does not recognise me in the altered conditions of my life. I saw her kind eyes grow dim to-night, and turn thoughtfully my way, as they sang — " Trust the lad a little longer, Do not fear. He will better grow and stronger, Father dear." Have I grown better and stronger through those long-long years of lonely exile ? Am I strong enough to say, 4 1 will arise and go to my Father? With my Heavenly Father's blessing, I will.' CHAPTER III. BOOK II.— NIGHT. Sergeant Gunn goes to Town. rjgpT was about a month after the incarceration of Allen | Grange in the Asylum at Stanton, that Sergeant Gunn A ' one fine morning betook himself to Otago. Although L the city was only an hour's ride from Glencourt, the old «"ijp dragoon rarely visited it, except in cases of emergency, or to execute an important mission for either the General or his young mistress, the fair Hilda. The inhabitants knew the old man for miles round ; knew his infirmities of sudden passion and temper, and, also the kind charitable disposition beneath it all. Many a smile, and nod, and cheery 4 good morning,' greeted him as he ambled along on his old charger, 4 Trumpeter.' The horse was tall, and bony, and stiff, like its master, and carried its head as high as any giraffe. When the brute took it into its head to canter, the motion reminded you of a huge rocking-horse— save for its tail, which, by the way, swung round and round its quarters like a windmill. Steed and rider were as clean, and sleek, and polished as for some regimental inspection. A cloth cap with peak, frock coat buttoned to the throat, and pants with straps, formed the visiting costume of Sergeant Gunn. Entering the city, the old fellow directed his horse to Howard Square, and halting, dismounted before a large house with a balcony running round the whole length of the upper storey. Fastening Trumpeter to a post, Sergeant Gunn rang the bell, which was instantly answered by a boy in livery. 4 Is the doctor at home V 4 Yes, Sir ; walk in, please.' It was early morning, and Dr. Bramwell was seated at breakfast, preparatory to departing on his daily rounds. 4 Hallo, Gunn,' he cried, as soon as he caught sight of his visitor. 4 What brings you to town, and at this early hour ? Nothing amiss at Glencourt, eh ?' 4 Nothing, doctor, thank you. The General and Miss Hilda are both well.' 4 Ah ! glad to hear it,' replied the medico, with a short laugh, 4 though some people would doubt the sincerity of my words if they heard me. Come through to the dining- room and have some breakfast. You must have been up before cock- crow.' 4 I have breakfasted, and am obliged all the same,' replied the old soldier. 4 To come to my business, I want to speak with you for five minutes. I want your advice.' 4 Hum 1 what is it Sergeant ? Rheumatics, lumbago — or — sly dog — are you about to be married ?' It was the dragoon's turn to laugh. 4 Nay,' he replied, 4 thank goodness I do not need your professional advice, doctor, one way or the other. I came to ask you a few questions about a certain event which happened at Glencourt two or three weeks ago.' 4 What was that, my good fellow ?' 4 The robbery of Captain Trenton, doctor, I presume you heard of it ?' 4 Certainly I did. Pray take a seat,' responded the other, looking at his visitor with an altered look. The veteran sat down, and folded his long legs one over the other. 4 We do not see or hear much of what is done by our neighbours here, in the city, said he, after a pause, 4 but when a burglary takes place in a man's house, it makes one naturally curious to know something about the thief.' The doctor pushed back his chair and looked at his com panion in no small surprise. 4 You do not mean to tell me that you are ignorant of what took place after Captain Trenton left General Ashford's house ? Why, the supposed burglar was nothing more than a poor unfortunate lunatic whom the Captain recognised as having been locked up at the Yarra Bend Asylum, Victoria, years before.' 4 Aye, aye, sir ; we all know about that. But look here, doctor, is the man mad ?' Doctor Bramwell laughed his loud guffaw and rose from his chair. 4 My dear old friend, come and have some breakfast,' he said, kindly. 4 If you have journeyed from Glencourt to ask me such a question, then I'm afraid you will have a bootless errand. Mad ! the man is as mad as a March hare.' 4 Pardon me, doctor,' replied, the old soldier, earnestly; 4 you have known me many years, and you know I am not given to talk romance, and bosh of that kind. I think there is something wrong in this affair, and I am desirous to fathom it, by your help.' 4 Very well, Gunn, I shall be glad to render you every assistance in my power,' says the doctor, resuming his seat. 4 Let me hear what you know.' 4 First, then,' resumes the Sergeant, 4 how comes it that Captain Trenton knew this lunatic at the Yarra Bend in Vic toria ? I have heard the Captain say repeatedly that he has never seen Australia.' 4 Humph, that is a point to be noted, Sergeant.' 4 1 reckon Captain Trenton knows what he is talking about at all times,' continued the veteran, quietly. I was the first to enter his room after the so-called lunatic had left, but the Captain never mentions a word to me about his assailant being a madman. I am an old man, yet my memory is good. Captain Trenton said the robber had confessed to him that he had recently left the Stockade Prison, Victoria, not the Yarra Bend, mark you.' 4 Another point, Gunn,' replied the doctor, after a pause. 4 Are you positive as to the words used ?' 4 1 am most positive, Dr. Bramwell. Besides, is it likely anyone could cope with a madman single handed ?' A mad man would not carry a revolver and not use it. Nor would he be likely to steal odd "sovereigns out of a pocket- book and leave a fifty pound-note behind.' 4 Your lunatic's are as cunning as foxes, betimes,' responds the worthy doctor. 4 Maybe so, sir, but I repeat this poor fellow is as sane as I am. Allen Grange, I believe he is, and I will try and con vince you of this, if you will kindly allow me,' 4 1 can spare you half-an-hour, Gunn, if that will suffice,' answers the doctor, with a serious look. 4 More than enough, sir,' says the Sergeant. 4 On the morning the tramp made his appearance at Glencourt I met him on the corridor, on his way to Captain Trenton. Before I had spoken half-a-dozen words to him, he looks up at me and calls me by name. There was questions on my part, and answers on his'n, some of which amazed me, rather, for I knew then, as I know now for sartin that I was speaking to an old comrade of the 7th Dragoons. He was so poor, and mean, and battered, and tattered, that I did not recognise him. I took him to my room, gave him a bath, a good square meal, and an old suit of clothing. Then I saw it was Allen Grange, a man formerly belonging to D Troop of the Old Guards, who had been discharged in India as unfit for further service.' 4 On what account, Sergeant ?' 4 A severe wound in the knee, which lamed the poor fellow for life.' 4 Ah ! proceed.' 4 I was in no hurry to let an old comrade depart,' continues Sergeant Gunn. 4 We fought some of our battles over again, and then he gave me a brief history of his ups and downs from the time he was discharged. Poor devil ! It seemed hard fate, after serving his country the best part of his life that, maimed, and utterly without the conditions wherewith other men begin life, he should have been so tossed and touzled about.' 4 He received a pension.' 4 Yes ; but like a fool he parted with it for a lump sum in the beginning,' says Mark Gunn, 4 and hence his biting poverty. He seems to have gone from bad to worse, until at length he was convicted of horsestealing, and received seven years at Pentridge.' To be Continued. 