ROCKHAMPTON" GRAMMAR SCHOOL. THE meeting of subscribers to the Rock- hampton Grammar School, which waa held a fortnight ago and waa adjourned for the purpose of taking the opinion of the public upon the subject of the establishment of a grammar school for girls took place last evening ia the Council Chambers, There were ten present. Hr. R. R. Jones, Chair- man of Trustees, presided. The CHAIRMAN opened the meeting by regretting the small attendance, reading the notice calling subscribers together, and de- tailing what had been done at the last meet- ing. He then called on the sub-committee appointed to collect subscriptions to found a Girls' Grammar School to hand in their report. Mr. G. B. SHAW read the following document, which was signed by Messrs. .Shaw, B. K. Ogg, and VV. Henchman : '* Your Committee report that they have secured the promise of subscriptions for the several sums named below, vie.:-Acheson and Allen, £100; William Callaghan, £30; G. S. Curtis, £50 ; J. W. Face, £15 ; T. T. Faunce, £15 ; John Ferguson, £100 ; Frank Hall, £100; William Henchman, £10 ; Stanley Hill, £30; Rees R. Jones, £100; Thomas Kelly, £50; E. S. Lucas and Co., £20; Thos. M'Laughlin, £30; W. Keech, £20 ; Edward K. Ogg, £50 ; William Pattison, £25 ; Walter Reid and Co., £20; J. W. Rutter, £20; G. B. Shaw, £10 ; James Stewart, £100 ; Jabez Wakefield, £100 ; Sydney Williams, £50 ; total, £1045. Since thelistwas made out Dr. Hay had promised to contribute £5, which brought the amount to £1050. The whole of the money was promised unconditionally with the ex- ception of that given by Messrs. Acheson and Allen, which would only be paid if the school was erected on a central site. The terms of payment were promissory notes at four, eight, twelve, and sixteen months. He need hardly say that thc thanks of the committee were due to the subscribers for their liberality.-The CHAIRMAN, af ter asking Mr. Shaw a question, remarked that the money collected sud promised was £1150. The question to be considered was - Should tue canvass be continued. Should they endeavour to collect £2000 so that they might claim the Government endowment of £4000 and a yearly subsidy of £1000 ? It would be advisable, perhaps, to go on with the collecting in order that they might have a first-class school-Mr. HENCHMAN moved That thc spontaneous liberality of the subscribers to the Girls' Grammar School Fund merits thc highest re- cognition of the community. He explained that he came to act on the Com- mittee to canvass the town, though not ap- pointed at the meeting, because the others neglected to attend. He Baid it had been re- marked that they had not the ghost of a chance of collecting £1000, and it would not have been a matter of surprise if they had failed, « lieu they took into consideration the hardness of the times. He did not think the committee felt disposed to continue their task. Referring to the Chairman's remarks relative to the annual subsidy from the Government, he said it would lie a difficult matter to guarantee fees amounting to £500 annually for three years. They would require fifty pupils at fees below those uow being charged to entitle them to the endowment of £1000 a year. He was disposed to rest J content with what they had got. A very fair Behool could be erected with the money promised, and there would be no difficulty in securing pupils sufficient to guarantee the payment of fees amounting to £'250 a-year. He then alluded to the fact that he had waited on Mr. W. Pattison in company with Dr. Callaghan, and secured that ?n the room of Mr. E. K. Ogg. He was, therefore, duly elected, but learned to his dismay, just as be was about to Btart out on the canvassing errand, that he hod de- clined to act. He then wrote a letter to that gentleman. It was as follows : - " My dear Mr. Pattison,-I am very sorry to learn from the Hon. Secretary of tho Grammar School that you decliue to accept the position of trustee, mainly on account of the icniarks made by me at the recent meeting. Now, BO far as I am concerned, I beg you will not consider me in the matter. It is the position of thc school which is at stake, and the kindly and disinterested support of influential people is needed to prevent a col- lapse. If therefore I stand in the way, I need scarcely say that my seat is at the disposal of the Committee. So far as my remarks are concerned, you will kindly note that I studi- ously avoided all reference to any particular trustees. I do not know, and do not intend to inquire, who had been previous trustees, and I referred to the trout in its corporate capacity solely. I think you will admit on consideration, that in order to arrive at a remedy, it was best to lay open to the sub- scribers the disease, otherwise opponents would have been in a position to charge us with insincerity, and to Buspect that there was something ia the background that we were afraid to face-in other words-"a screw loose somewhere," as a subscriber described it. Is not this made clear from the fact that not one single adverse com- ment hos been made by the Press, the {?Iain statement of affairs having evidently ed them to resolve to let bygones be by- gones, and to look to the future for improve- ment. If in any way I have wounded your, feelings I sincerely regret it, and as sin- cerely trust that on receiving this explan- ation you will be influenced only by what ie food for the school, and reconsider your ecision." Mr. Pattison's reply was as follows :-" My dear Mr. Henchman,-I am in receipt of yours of the 23rd. In reply I must decline to again accept office as a Tras- tee. I need not go further into the matter, except to say that I fully agree with the very able reply of my friend, Dr. Hay, which letter saves me the trouble of replying at any greater length. I wish the school oil success, und would do anything in my power to further its welfare, but I have not quite lost all self respect, and therefore cannot again act os a trustee. When he had got half through the document Mr. K. K. Ogg asked if (the reading was in order; and the CaarnMAN declared it was not-Mr. HENCHMAN then handed his le ter to the Press representatives, and sat down. - After a few remarks from Dr. Hay, Mr. MILLS seconded the motion, and it was carried. Mr. SHAW then spoke of the work of the sub-committee and suggested other members j of it than those who nod acted in the past ?night continue the collecting and succeed in bringiug the promises up to £2000. I Messrs. Ogg and Henchman had worked like Trojans.-Thc CHAIRMAN expressed an opinion that the prêtent meeting could not authorise the continuation of the canvass, seeing that it was composed of subscribers to the Rockhampton Grammar School, and that tile subscribers to the new Girls1 Grammar School should be invited to meet and consider the matter.-Ur. HA* delivered a lengthy address, which was merely a repetition of much that had been said at the previous meeting, and concluded by moving that the subscribers to the Girls' Grammar School be invited to meet on an early date for the pur- pose of deciding whether thc canvass should be gone on with or discontinued. At thc Chairman's suggestion he altered it to read Thal the matter of thc nen- Girls' <¡ramiuiu- behool ba retenial to tile KiiuicribcM. Mr. FRANK HALL seconded the motion, which, after a few remarks bv Mr. Shaw, was carried. The CH AIRMAN then alluded to the neces- sity for arriving at a decision regarding the girls' branch of the school. He mentioned that several young ladies would not at end the institution next quarter, and so far es j »as known the pupils would number only I about seven or eight, or perhaps ten.-Mr. W. ALLEN mentioned that several scholars ! hod left the school in consequence of the ! changes in the teaching staff, and said he had ; reluctantly come to the conclusion that the girls' branch must be closed. He moved That it ls desirable the Girls' Grammar School should tn discontinued for the prêtent. Mr. HENCHMAN- seconded the motion. He said that if the girls' branch were carried on it would become worse and worse, and there would only be a few acholara left to shunt into the new school. One cause of the with- drawal of pupils was the complaint. " You have no fixed lady principal. She ¡B being changed from time to time.-In rc;dy to Mr. Shaw, the CHAIRMAN stated that if the Girls' School were closed now the only expense the trustees would be at was £30-a quarter's salary for one lady assistant.-JJr. HAY moved - not expecting that it would be seconded or carried-the following amend- ment. That tliu Girls' Sehnol bu carried ott. He coutended the school should not be closed till it was absolutely necessary -, that there was no necessity for the appointment of a lady principal ; and that there were young ladies in the State Schools iii the town who . were qualified to act in that capacity. He also argued that the masters in the boys' school could easily devote portion of their time to the tuition of the girls.-Mr. Ooo seconded the motion, believing it was possible the subscribers to the (»iris' Grammar School Sresent girls' branch, and that thc notice of iscontinuance was too short. - Mr. 0«u asked the Chairman a question, and Ur. HAT replied to it, and made a speech ; and for so doing was called to order by the Chairman. After a few observations by Mr. Shaw in favour of the amendment, the CIIAIIIMAS pointed out that if the girls' branch were con- tinued it would be necessary to pay £000 away in salaries in a year and the income from fees during that term from the pupils would be £160. That would mean a loss of over £300 without including the time the masters were engaged m instructing the girls. If the wishes of the trustees were supported they would be able to reduce the overdraft, and might arrange for the of the execute repairs that were necessary. Thc only reason he retained his seat ou the Board was that the institution was in debt. It had au overdraft when he joined it, and lie did not like to leave it with that incubus ; but as soon as it was free of all liability be would resign.-A short debate here took place, in the course of which the CHAIKMAX stated that the expenses of the teaching staff for the two branches for a year were £1500, and that the income from thirty-five pupils would be only about £1440; and called Dr. Hay to order for endeavouring to address the meeting a second time.-Mr. HENCHMAN contended that if the amendmeut was carried it would be tantamount to calling on the trustees to re- sign.-Dr. HAV maintained that the school could bc carried on at an outlay of £1100. Mr. MILLS began to address the meeting, and thc Chairman interrupted him by putting the amendment to the meeting. Messrs. Hay, Mills, Ogg, and Shaw voted for tbe amend- ment, and the Chairman and Messrs. Allen, G. Acheson, Hall, and Henchman against it. It was therefore lost, as was also a further amendment to adjourn the meeting till Friday next in the hope that there would be a larger attendance. After a few remarks from various gentlemen the motion was put and carried by a majority of one. The meeting then terminated. 