A BICYCLE CHAMPION. Tin: township of Croagingergoalong was shaken to its ['cntrc when it became known that there was to lw grand cycling tournament, and tli.it Bluffem, tin: champion cyclist of Croagingergoalong, was to 1'inijH'te. an<l, as a matter of course, bring back the trophies and the championship to Croagingergoillollg. Cycling was not altogether in its infancy inC'roa- LMiiu'crgoalong, and the township was rather prond of its champion, who had broken all the records by liis in 1 , n watch, which, it may be remarked, was a rather slow one, ticking on an average only o.~> seconds to the niinuto. The townspeople got up a ik- immstvation to Bluffem upon his departure, and entertained iiini at a farewell banquet. The following morning the township turned out in a bodv to wish the hero "good speed." He comes to town iu all liis glory to take it out of "lose Melbourne fellows at the Champion meet. Bluflem looked majestic as he sped forth like a gallant knight to the tourney, and as he merrily Ijowled along he murmured to himself— " A victor I'll return, m Or not return at all." The journey to Melbourne was not marked by auv special incidents, save the sensations caused in the different townships as the manly form ol Ulufl'em glide liked a ghost along the highway. It is true that Bluffem was chaffed by the small country 'joys, who called out to him, " Get off the 'oop, and git inside 1" But the soul oi a. Bluffem rose superior to these I'n.lo taunts, and the knowledge that these rustic ywiths would grovel before him when he returned, laden with the trophies which he would win at the tournament on the Melbourne Cricket (.'round. At length the eventful Saturday arrived, big with the fate of bicycles and Bluffem. The Croaingcrgoalong champion was entered for every event, but he did not take part in all. In the first race the time was a little against him. lie got ;nvay very well, and after accomplishing the first lap in safety', he adjourned to the booth to oil his machine with whisky in the same way as they used to doatCroagingergoalong. Whenhecanieback "oiled" he was disgusted to find that the race was over, and there was one trophy that would not go back to Croagingergoalong. lie determined to reserve himself for the grand parade. All the clubs were drawn up in cycled array, and as they commenced to evolute, Hlufiem shouted, "Croagingergoalong, aboo!" and dashed in amongst the astonished cyclists. He expected to create a sensation, and his expectations were fully realised. The committee wanted to give him in charge for bringing a drunk and disorderly wheel to the meeting, but the crowd cheered and so got him off. " One last dash for victory and fame/' said the undaunted Bluffem, as he took his place amongst the competitors in the obstacle race. When some of the competitors saw the obstacles they prudently retired from the contest, but Bluffem was not the man to yield before any obstacles. He would persevere to the bitter end. He did, and found the end a very bitter one indeed. He rode up mountains and down valleys. He lifted his bicycle over hurdles and iu return his bicycle "lifted" him into the air, bumped him on the ground, jumped on him, and sat on his stomach. Is quite certain lie would have carried all before liiui if his bi. had not persisted in leaving liirn all behind it. It was Hard to tell which was Bluffem wid which was bicycle, and the puzzled police took wheels and rider combined to the hospital, as it was impossible to separate them without injiiry. On Monday last Bluffem and his bicycle, with all the starch out of them, returned sadly to Croaginger, goalong. The townspeople turned out to see the trophies, but those that Mere visible were not such as Bluffem was proud of. " Henceforth, ' said llhill'cni. " ] shall be content to remain a champion in my native village. We manage these things much' better in Croaginger- L'oaloii!'." At latest dates the. champion and his machine were still laid up for ropaiis. He would have won the obstacle if it hadn't been lor Unit little wheel i>luviii(' ill). (The pie/lire isjrmn mi iustiiittanecvs, thoiKjh somewhat luizij, photo., to ':rn hi/ a n :, mher of tin- f,twih/.i Home again, and liung up to dry with the starch out. 