THE VALLEY ELECTION. Those of our readers who have perused the recently received files of the Bris- bane newspapers, will not be surprised at the result of the Valley election, while those who favour the Opposition cause will not be dismayed by it. The battle was not one of men or principles, but of parties; and that the candidate of a strong Liberal Government, in a contest in one of the divisions of the metropolis, which has been pam pered and nursed with Government pap above all places in the Colony, should win the seat by a small majority merely, ought to form cause for rejoicing in the ranks of the Opposition-of all, indeed, who desire to see the affairs of the Colony conducted in a statesmanlike and impartial manner. Between the two principal candidates who offered them selves for election, there was not much to choose, on general subjects. Both gentlemen professed to be strong oppo nents of coloured labour, and warm friends of the working classes. Neither had much to say, either for or against the new Licensing Act. Both had a great deal to say about the way in which the Valley had been neglected by suc cessive Governments, and promised, with as much solemnity as they could summon for the occasion, that, if returned to Parliament, they would do their utmost to secure the construction of the Valley Rail way, for which £80,000 has been voted, but for which £200,000 at least will be needed; and the construction of the Valley Post Office. On this last matter a little tiddley-winking has been going on. At his meeting on the Friday evening before the election, the Minis terial candidate, speaking apparently from official inspiration, said plans for the Post Office had been approved of, and that tenders would be called for in the Gazette of the following morning. This was done, but on the Monday after the election it was stated some hitch had occurred in connection with the plans, that the call for tenders had been withdrawn, and that the work would not be proceeded with for some time. The promise had been dangled before the eyes of the electors, and, having answered a purpose in the meantime, has been withdrawn till another occasion for its use presents itself. Mr. Brooks, who has been re turned, repeated the parrot cry about the Lands Act not having had a fair trial, ignorantly or intentionally stating that six months was too short a time for proving its value. The Act has been in operation since March 1885. He was silent on the subject of emigration. This candidate avowed himself a sup porter of the Ministry. His chief oppo nent, Mr. Watson, declared he would sit on the Opposition cross benches, and claimed for himself a large measure of independence of party. He con demned the Lands Act, and, on being interrogated, declared he was in favour of land grants to children borin in the Colony within the last ten years. The continuation of the introduction of emigrants, at a time when there is not employment for them, met with his con demnation. Matters for the Ministerial candidate must have been looking somewhat gloomy, when it was felt requisite to call the Premier to his aid. On the night before the election, and imme diately after his return from Sydney, the lion. gentleman lent his powerful help to secure Mr. Brooks' return. He deemed it necessary to explain that he interfered because he had been asked to advise the electors. That showed his supporters felt they needed his aid. Yet the majority of the constituency must have been swayed more by his presence and purpose than by what he said. If they were influenced to any great extent by his remarks, then the Valley electors must be thought less and unreflecting. His address coming front su:h a man, on such an occasion, in such a place, was exceedingly flimsy. He had to re vert to the last general election, and resuscitate the ghosts ofthe goblins, which he found serviceable in frightening the halting and timid on that occasion. He also flaunted the black flag of coloured labour, though both candidates had de clared themselves opposed to it. Then he displayed the patriotic ensign, and declared the Government were not fight ing for themselves, but for the people of Queensland. The implied insinuation, that his predecessors in office had other aims than the good of the Colony in view in their administration of affairs, shows that, but for the restraints of office and position, Mr. Griffith would resort to the malpractice of maligning his adversaries as he did when in Opposition. A party leader, who, when called in to advise the electors in selecting a candidate, can find it consistent with his position and conscience to defame his political op ponents, is not entitled to respect. Then, lie appealed to his auditors if ever there was a time when Queensland stood better in the eyes of the neighbouring colonies, and of the mother country, and claimed credit for this. But it cannot escape the notice of the electors, that Queensland occupies this position, be cause the present Government are building on the lines drawn by their predecessors, and because they have, in what we may call their foreign policy, re specting the government of New Guinea and federationof thecolonies, receivedthe practical and moral support of the Opposition. Had Mr. Griffith and his friends acted an equally honourable and patriotic part, and supported Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith in his efforts to acquire the whole of the unappropriated portion of New Guinea, we would not have had created, the standing menace of a large European Power, in an important position in the Pacific, between India and Aus tralia. Whatever the Premier may say cannot alter facts, and these the Press and the public will not overlook, though it may suit his book, on the eve of a contested election, to conceal them. AT the Police Court yesterday, before Mr. B. Cribb, P.M., an inebriate was cautioned and discharged. M. Reynolds, another in ebriate, was fined sa. or 12 hours imprison ment. R?saRamus, the paragraph we published the other day, on the authority of Mr. Whit man, we learn from Mr. Owynneth, of the Railway Department, that the Government have been boring for water with a diamond drill on Lochnagar Station, and struck a supply at a depth of 100 feet. It rose to a height of 20 feet above the ground, and the autflow is about 50,000 gallons per day. IT will be interesting to our readers to know that at the sale of the Market Reserve leases in 1865, the prices realised ranged from £2 to 5s. per foot, the total annual ground rent being £297 13s. The prices realised at the sale yesterday for the leases which come into effeetnext September, varied from £6 12s. 6d. to £3 10s., with a total annual rental of £2420 17s. 9d., showing an increase of £2123 4s. 9d. A MEETIas of the Zingari Cricket Club was held in the lelmore Arms last evening for the purpose of arranging a day's outing on Queen's Birthday to aignalise the close of the cricket ing season. There was a fair attendance, Mr. J. V. Rutter (captain) being in the chair. It was decided to hold athletic eports at Lake's Creek, and to engage the s.s. Cruiser to make trips during the day, and, in con junction with the Wesleyan Sunday Schools. The club have received permission to make use of the wharf and cricket ground at the Creek; and in addition to the sports, are trying to arrange a match with a combined team of Fitzroys and Alberts. All arrange ments were finally left in the hands of the following committee: Messrs. Willis, Coffin, Brown, Kelly, Bartlem, Jones, and Macpher son. The meeting then terminated with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. A. auction sale of land at Veppoon was held by Messrs. Brown and Risien, on Wednesday morning. The area offered con sisted of about 2000 acres, adjoining the Yeppoon Sugar Co's plantation, and was sub divided into farms varying from 20 to 170 acres in extent. Only one farm was sold, vic., portion 5, of 106 acres, the price realised being £3 per acre. The purchasers were Messrs. Charley and Ball. The bidding was very slack, but since the alaenegotiations have been opened privately, and there is every reason to expect the remaining lots will very shortly be disposed of at satisfactory figures. An advertisement which appeared in our issue of Wednesday stated that the Yeppoon Sugar Company are pre pared to purchase cane delivered at the mill at 10s. per ton; and as this gives to the sur rounding farmers all the advantages to be de rived from the Central Mill system, it should add very largely to the value of propery in the locality. Moreover, the rapid increase in the value of land at Yeppoon is sufficient in itself to make the speculation a profitable one, and it is therefore well worthy of atten tion. AT the Small Debts Court yesterday, before Mr. B. Cribb, P.M., verdicts were given for the plaintiffs for the amounts claimed, in the following cases :-Thomas Higgins v. Wheekman, meat-19s. lid. and 10s. costs. Wiley, Holmes and Co., v. W. S. White, timber-£5 12e. and £1 15s. cests. W. E. K. Wood v. F. L. Morris, work and labour done-£12 and £2 10s. costs. J. W. Face r. J. R. Thackeray, goods-£10 14s. Id. and 10s. costs. See Young v. Thompson, coods-£5 15s. 2d. and £3 is. costs. J. Nankaville r. H. Drew, meat-£6 5s. 6d. and 10s. costs. Mason and M'Phereon v. J. B. Hunter, goods-£8 10s. and £1 15s. costs. Lowry and Bolton ,'. P. Ivers, goods £5 Ifs. 7d. and £1 lls. costs. Lowry and Bolton r-. P. Egan, goods-£3 10s. 5d. and 10s. costs, including amounts paid into court. The case of J. R. Thackeray '. Rockhampton Newspaper Company, an action for salary in lieu of notice, was adjourned for a fortnight. Six Other cases were withdrawn, and in one there was no appearance. A MiEoEris: of the members of C Company Queensland Scottish Rifle Corps was held on Wednesday evening in Messrs. Dawbarn and Gavin's offices. It was convened by Lieu tenant Brown in view of the grsmbling of several members at the delay that has taken place in the commencement of drills. There were about twenty.five present. Lieutenant Brown presided and read extrac's from a letter he had received from Major Robinson of Bri?bane, advising the officers to apply im mediately for rifles, and informing them of what had been done by the Government re garding the procuring of kilts from home. At his suggestion a motion was passed that all members present should take the oath of allegiance and sign the muster-roll, and twenty-three responded. He stated that drill would be commenced this evening and that it would be conducted by Sergeant-Major Colquhoun. lie expressed a hope that all who were present would attend, and that they would bring with them some who were then absent. It was decided to apply at once to the Commandant for rifles and other accoutrements. The Chairman stated he would leave for Brisbane on Friday (to-day), and would see Colonel French upon the subject, and probably bring the rifles, &c.;, back with him. THE comet which has been referred to in our telegraphic columns lately has been seen during the last two evenings about seven o'clock. Concerning it, we take the following paragraph from the Atheneum :--Astronomers are now able to promise the general public a splendid spectacle, as both Fabry's and Barnard's comets are likely to be easily visible to the naked eye about the end of April and beginning of May, both, too, in a position where they will be above the horizon all night, and not far distant from each other, the former, which will be the brighter of the two, being in the constellation Perseus, and the latter in Andromeda." On this same subject Mr. John Tebbut, of Windsor, writes to the Sydney Morning Herald as fol- lows :-" Two faint comets have recently been discovered -- the first by Fabry, at Paris, on 1st December, and the second by Barnard at Nash- ville, U.S., on 3rd December. When a sufficient number of positions had been secured the orbits of both bodies were computed, and their future paths laid down. The results are unusually interesting. The comets are rapidly approaching both the sun and the earth. Accordling to Dr. Oppesheim's orbit, the distances of Fabry's comet from the sun and earth on the lst January were 176 and 160 millions of miles. By the 1st May next these distances will have diminished to 75 and 16 millions respectively ; and as a conse- quence the comet will be nearly 700 times brighter than it was on the date of its dis covery. The comet will at this time move very rapidly through the sky, and will engage the attention of the Southern observatories towards the middle of May. The orbit of Barnard's comet has been computed by Dr. Hepperger. On Ist March the distance of this object from the sun and earth were res- pectively 131 and 161 millions of miles, and these will be reduced to 74 and 31 millions by the close of May, and the comet itself will be about 260 times brighter than on the date of discovery. Towards the close of May this object will also be favourably situated for observation in the Southern hemisphere. This comet passes its perihelion on 3rd May, and seventeen days later its descending node. If the comet were delayed nine days in reaching the node it would be projected in the sun's disc as seen from the earth, and its tail would be directed towards our planet. Both comets are under close observation in the Northern hemisphere, so that we shall probably soon be put in possession of further and more accurate Information respecting their future move- ments., A MEETING was held last night at Mr. Dib- din's office to consider the advisability of forming another Permanent Building Society. There were about twenty gentlemen present. Mr. J. Wakefield was elected to the chair. Mr. Dibdin stated that he had called the meeting because of the near closing of the Terminable Society No. 8, and of the many applications that had co0me in for a Perma- nent Society. It made him think the time had come for the establishment of a second permanent society. The circulars which he had distributed in the room would explain his reasons fully. Any improvement that could be suggested on the old society could be adopted by the committee appointed to form a new society. Every one of the terminable societies had been better than the preceding one, and he thought it would be the salme with the permanent societies. He should not think of starting a second permanent society if he thought it would interfere with the one now in existence.-- Mr. Wiley moved that in the opinion of this meeting the time has arrived for the establishment of another permanent building society. He spoke of his experience in building societies generally, and of the success of the one now in existence.-Mr. W. S. Alder had much pleasure in seconding the emotion. Mr. Acheson asked if there was anyte" in the constitution of the existing society that would limit the number of members.--Mr. Dibdin said there was not.-Mr. Acheson said the reason of his asking the question was that there would be less expense in carrying on one large society than two small ones. The motion was put to the meeting and carried.-Mr. Walter Cook then moved that a committee consisting of the following gentle men be appointed to carry out the necessary arrangements, and to bring up a report at a future meeting :-Messrs. T. Kelly, Alexan der Reid, A. Meikle, A. J. Haswell, E. J. Gardener, D. Wiley, J. A. Collier, R. Sharples, Acheson, Richardson, J. Holyoake, P. Downer, Jas. Stewart, R. Foulkes, J. Wakefield, W. Cook, J. Williamson, E. B. Moyle, F. Wynne, and T. Moran.-Mr. Stewart objected to one feature of the motion. He fancied the committee ought to consist of men not connected with the present building society.--Mr. Meikle seconded the motion, and said he was sure the establishment of a second society would be a success. Considering the position the present one had taken in the town, it would really be a first-class institution. The funds of the pre sent society were exhausted, and there would be a number of buildings erected shortly on the Market Reserve. The builders would re quire assistance, and he considered building societies were what would be required. A second society could be worked to advantage. -Mr. Cook said with regard to Mr. Stewart's remarks, it would be a decided advantage to have those who had been actively connected with the present one. They would be able to steer the second one in a proper manner. Mr. Stewart said Mr. Cook's remarks were to the point, but he was enre their secretary would be quite able to steer them in a proper manner if they could Efind the money.--The motion was put and carried.-On the motion of Msers. Acheson and Bartlem the meeting was adjourned for a week to allow the Com mittee to prepare and bring up their report. A s~nuous charge of csnepiracy to defraud against two men named W. H. M'Keai and George Rathgen, is being investigated by the Police Magistrate at Clermont, The evidence shows that the prisoner M'Kean'a estate is. mortgaged to Mr. G. 8. Curtis, of this town, and in pursuance of instructions received, Mr. J. . 8. Bennett, Mr. Curtis' agent, took pos- sesslon of a number of horses, as portion of the mortgaged property. Towards the end of March, he was engaged in tailing them at the Native Bee, while a man named Hill went to look for more. While so engaged, the aseuned ,f'Kean, with a blaekfellow and a lad named Finlay, rode up and claimed the horses, taking them forcibly from Mr. Bennet, by pointing his loaded rifle at him while it wae at full cock. Since the animals have been recovered it was found that Mr. Curtis' brand had been. effsced, and that of the prisoner put on. The prisoner Rathgen bad acted as stockman. for M'Kean, and by the latter's olders had taken the horse, to Clermont. The case has been adjourned till the 9th instant. A srrcAr. meeting of the Women's Chris ian Temperance Union was held early in the week, at which it was decided to colleot signatures to a petition to be presented to the Mayor, as chairman of the Municipal Council, asking him to cause a poll to-be taken of the ratepayers of the municipality, for the purpose of reducing the licensed houses from the present number, which is about sixty, to forty-five, and also upon the question as to whether any more buildings. shall be licensed. The two ladtes who were appointed to see to the matter arc now buosily engaged in procuring the signatures of one-sixth of the ratepayers and hope to be abletoapproach His Worship early nextweek. This will give them ample time to have a poll taken before the next asittings of the Licens ing Court, and if they succeed only on the point that no more houses shall be licensed. they will be able to prevent several tenements where liquors are now being sold from obtaining a permit for at least two years to come. If they succeed on this point. alone the Union will have done a good work, and do away with many places that are now in a tumble-down condition and unfit to be licensed. A olEETINE of gentleman interested in pro moting a local football club will be held this evening at the Behlore Arms at eight o'clock. The letter "Live and Let Live," wlhich ap peared in yesterday's Bollelin was from George Alfred Richards, corner of Kent and Denham Streets. MEh?MrcRs of the Rockhampton Cricket Club are requested to meet this evening, at. 7'45, at the Belmore Arms Hotel, for the purpose of arranging a trip to the Bay on Queen's Birthday. 