Sheridan's Hamlet. Tmmno was only a fairly good house present at the Meehanics' Institute on Thursday evening last, when the Sheridan-Taylor Dramatic Com pany put "Hamlet" on the boards. As a hlo the performance was not equal to that of the Dampier Company, as was evidenced by the fact that only one curtain call-in honor of Miss Davenport-was given during the evening; but against this it must be remembered that Mr. Dampier had the advantage of. playing to a packed house. Mr. Sheridan, too, cannot be said to have had an equal chance with Mr. Dampier, the smallness of the stago at times marring the effeoot of scenes, whilst the noise made y people coming in late was also most annoying. It goes without saying that Mr. Sheridan's Hamlet was a magnificent perform ance, but on the whole it seemed to fall a trifle short of the perfection attained by Mr. Dampier. The latter's impersonation lhad a finish that was lacking in Mr. Sheridan's ; but it was in that respect only that an inferiority could be noticed. In several scenes Mr. Sheridan eclipsed Mr. Dampier-notably in the scene in which he adjures Opholia to go to a nunnery and in the play scene. In both of these scenes the acting of the tragedian was majestic. Neither can any fault be found with his conception of the lines, his delivery right through, with the exception of the first act, in which he had to contend with a slight huskiness, being superb. His conception of the soliloquy on the immortality of the soul, part of which he delivered in a sitting posture and the remainder standing, will be regarded by many as upeporior to that of Mr. Dampier, who spoke all the lines standing. The great speech to the players, too, was given in a manner to which exception cannot be taken. Thie scone with thb Queen was another magnificent per formance. But wheroe all was good it is needless to particularize further. His conception of the part was a masterly one and worthy of his great reputation. He imparted to it that depth of subtlety which must always accompany a true interpretation of Shakspere's greatest creation, and he never for an instant allowed his per sonality to assert itself through the part. Still, spite of all this, there was wanting that fine polish which is one of the chief beauties of Mr. i)ampier's assumption of the part; but if Mr. Sheridan could be seen in a largo theatre and with all the necessary accessories we are very much inclined to think that he would be awarded the palm. Miss Louiso Davenport's Ophelia was a most graceful and artistic por formance and worthy of her. Her acting in the mad scene was excellent, and only marred by a slight dissonance in her singing of the mournful ditties which the author puts iito the mouth of the character. Miss Ella Oarrington's Queen Gertrude was a careful performance. Opinions will differ much as to Mr. C. H. Taylor's reading of the part of Polonius. For our part we think that he spoiled what would otherwise have been a good performance by travelling into the realms of burlesque. ·Mr. Wilson Forbes as King Claudine and the Ghost was acceptable, and Mr. J. H. Nunn made a most earnest Laertes. Mr. Reg. Rede's Horatio was very pleasing. The other characters were all credit ably taken. Mr. Grevillo as the grave-digger was fair, but he suffers by comparison both with Mr. Harry Leston and Mr. Sam Poolo. 