AN ORIGINAL BEllE. Bx E. P« Bob. Ghaptkb xxxvii.— StttAiUN's Escape. After Blaavelt had left #ir. voionrgn s breakfast-table in obedience to his own and Marian's wish to see Strahan at ones, the vonns girl laughed outright— she would laugh easily tcday— and exclaimed 'Poor Mr. Merwyn 1 He is iodeed doomed to inglorious inaction. Before he could even start on his search, Strahan found him. His part in this iron age will consist only in furnishing the sinews of war, and dispensing canned delicacies in the hospitals. I do feel sorry for him, for last night be seemed to realise the fact himself. He looked like a s ghost, baek : in the shadow that be sought when Gaptain Blauvelt's story grew tragic. I believe he suffered more id bearing about the Shells than Mr. Biauvelt did in hearing and seeing their. It's a carious ease,' said the father, musingly. 1 He was and has been Buffering deeply from some oause. I have not flly accepted your theory yet.9 ' Since even your sagacity can construct no other, I am satisfied that I am right. But I have done scoffing at Mr. Merwyn, and should feel as gnilty in -doing so as if I bad shown contempt for physical deformity. I have become so convinced that he suffers terribly from consciousness of his weakness, that I now pity him from the depths of my heart. Just think of a young fellow of his intelligence listening to such a story as we heard last night, and of the inevitable contrasts that he mast have drawn !' ' Fancy also,' said her father, smiling, ' a forlorn lover seeing your obeeks aflame, and your eyes snffased with tears of sympathy for young heroes, one of whom was reciting his epic. Strahan is soon to repeat his ; then Lane will appear and surpaea them all.' Well,' cried Marian, laughing, 'you'll admit they form a trio to be proud cf.' Oh, yes, and will have to admit more, I suppose, before lung. Girls never fall in love witb trios.' Nonsense, papa, they are ail just like brothers to me.' Then there was a rneh of tears to her eyes, and she said, brokenly, ' Tbe war is not over yet, and perhaps not one of them will survive. 'Gome, my dear,' her father reassared her, gently, you must imitate your soldier friends, and take eaeh day as it oomeS. Remembering what tbey have already passed through, I predict that they all survive. The braveet men are the most apt to eso&pe.;' Marian's greeting of Strahan was so full of feeling, and bo many tears suffused her dark blue eyes, that they inspired false hopes in his breast and unwarranted /ears in that of Blauvcl'. The heroic action and tragic experience of the young and- boyish Strahan had touched the tenderest chords in her heart, Indeed, as she stood, holding bis left hnd in both her own, they might easily have been taken for brother andeister. His eyes t were almost as blue as hers, and his brow, ; where it bad not been exposed to the weather, as fair. She knew of his victory over himi self. Almost at the same time with herself, he had cast behind him a weak, selfish, frivolous life, assuming a manhood which she understood better than others. There fore she had for him a tenderness, a gentle- dsbb of regard, whioh her other friends of sterner natures conld not inspire. Indeed, so siBterly was her feeling that she eould have put her armB about his neek and welcomed him with kisses, without cine quickening throb of the pulse. But he did not know this theD, and bis heart bounded with baseless hopes. t Poor Blaavelt had never cherished many, and the old career, with which be had tried to be content, defined itself anew. He woald fight out the war, and then give himself np to bis art He oould be induced to stay only long enough to finish his breakfast, and then said : ' Straban can tell me the rest of his story over the camp-fire before long. My mother b&B; now the first claim, and I mast take a morning train in order to reaoh home to-night.' I also mast go,' exclaimed Mr. VoBbargh, looking at his watoh, ' and shall have to hear your story at second hand from Marian. Rest assured,' he added, laughing,. it will lose nothing as she tells It this evening.' ' And I order you, Gaptain Blaavelt, to make this house your head-quarters when you are in town,' said Marian, giving his hand a warm pressure in parting. Strahan accompanied his friend to the depdt, then sought his family physician and had his wound dressed. 1 advise that you reach your country home soon,' said the dootor ; ' your pulse is, feverish.' The young officer laughed, and thought he knew the reason batter than his medical adviser, and was eoon at the side of her whom he believed to be the exoiting oanse of his febrile symptoms. ' Oh,' he exclaimed, throwing himself on a lounge, 'isn't this infinitely better than a stifling Southern prison?' and he looked aronnd the cool, shadowy drawingroom, and then at the smiling, face of his fair hostess, as if there were nothing left to be deBired. 1 Yon have honestly earned this respite and home visit,' she said, taking a low chair beside him ; ' and now I'm just as eager to bear yonr story as I was to listen to that of Gaptain Biauvelt last night.' 'No more eager?' he asked, looking wistfully into ber faoe. 'That wonld not he fair,' she replied, gently. ' How can I distinguish between my friends, when each one surpasses even my ideal of manly action ?' ' You will some day,' he said, thoughtfully. You cannot help doing so. It Is the law of nature. I know I can never be tbe equal of Lane and Blaavelt.' 'Arthur,' she said,, gravely, taking his hand, ' let me be frank with you. It will be best for us both. I love you too dearly, J. admire and respect yoa too greatly, to be untrue to yonr beBt Interests even for a moment. What's more, I am absolutely sure that yoa only wish what ia right and best for me. Look Into my eyes. Do yoa not see that if yoar name was Arthur Voaburgh, I could scarcely feel differently ? I | do love you more th<m either Mr. Lane or Mr, Biauvelt, They are my friends in the truest and strongest eenee £ lei m. Mil yon the trothyaa tag® eeem like a younget ia about the same age, but .a older in her feelings than a I don't eay this to claim any eupenority. oui to explain why I feel as I do. Since I came to know to understand yoo — indeed, I may say, since we both changed .from what we were my tboughtB have followed yon in a way that they would a brother, but a year or two younger than myself— that is, so lar as I can judge, having had no brother. Don t you understand me ?' «...« « u ' Yes,' he replied, laughing, a ruefully, 'np to date.' « Very well,' she added, with an answering laugh, let it be then to date. I slml not tell yoo that I feel like a sister without being as frank as one. I have never loved yone in the way — ob, well, you know. I don t believe these stern times are conducive to sentiment. Come, tell me yonr story. But you'll give me an equal chance with the others,' he pleaded. - She how laughed outright. ' How do i know what I shall do ?' s're asked. I may pone to you some day for sympathy and help. Aeoording to the novels, people are stricken down aB if by one of your hateful shells, and all broken up. I don't know, but I m inclined to believe that, while a girl can withhold her lpV8 frOm an unworthy object, she oacttot deliberately give it here or there, as she ohooses. Now, am I net talking to you like a sister?' 1 Yes, too muoh so ' ' Oh, come, I have favoured yon more highly than anyone.' 'Do not xnieunderetand me,1 he eaid, earnestly. ' I'm more grateful than I can tell you, but ' But tell me your story. There is one thing I Pan give you at once — the closest attention. ' Very well, I only wish you were like one of the enemy's batteries, so I oould take you by storm. I'd faoe all the guns that were at Gettysburg for the chanoe.' Arthur, dear Arthur, I do know what yon have faced from a simple sense of duty and patriotism. Biauvelt was a loyal, generous friend, and be has told us.' You are wrong. " The girl I left behind me " was the cerps de-reserve from Whioh I drew toy strength. I believe the same was trae of Blaavelt, and a better, braver fellow never drew breath. He -#oold make a better officer than t, tor he is cooler, and has more brains.' ' Now see here, Major Strahan,' oried Marian, in mook dignity, ' as your superior officer, I'am capable of judging of the merits of yoo both, and neither of you oan change my estimate. You are insubordinate, and I shall put you under arrest if yon don t tell me hew yoa escaped at once- You have kept a woman's oarioaity in check almost as long as your brave regiment held the enemy, and that's yonr greatest achievement thus far. Proesed. Captain Biauvelt baa enabled me to keep an eye on you till you fell and the enemy charged over you. Now you know juet where to begin.' My prosaic story Ib Boon told. Swords and pike-staffs ! what a little martinet yon are I Well, the enemy was almost on me I oonld see their flushed, savage fades. Evan in that moment I thought of yoo, and whispered " good-bye," and a prayer to God for your happiness flashed through my mind.' Arthur, don't talk that way. I can't stand it and there was a rush of tears to her eyes. I'm beginning just where you told me to. The next second there was a sting in my right arm, then something knooked me over, and I lost consciousness for a few moments. I am satisfied, aleo, that I was grazed by a bullet that tore my scabbard from my side. When I came to my senses, 1 crawled behind a rook, so as not to be sho'< by oar own men, and threw away my sword ; I didn't want to surrender it, you know. Soon after, a rebel jerked me to my feet. " Can yon stand ?" he asked. ' ' I will try," I answered. ' " Join that squad of prisoners, then, and travel right smart." 'I staggered away, too dazed for many clear ideas, and with others was hurried about half a mile away to a place filled with the rebel wounded. Here a Union soldier, who happened to have some bandages with him, dressed my arm. The Confederate surgeons had more than they conld do to look after their own men. Just before dark all the prisoners who were able to walk were led into a large field, and a strong guard was placed around us. ' Although my wound was painful, I obtained some sleep, and awoke the next morning with the glad consciousness that life, wish its chances, was still mine. We had little enough to eat that day, and insufficient water to drink. This foretaste of the rebel commissariat was enough for me, and I resolved to escape, if it were a possible thing.' 1 You wanted to see me a little, too, didn't you ? Nevertheless, you shall have a good lunch before long.' 1 Suoh Is my fate. First rebel iron, and now -irony. I began to play tbe rile of feebleness and exhaustion, and it did not require muoh effort. Of course, we were all on the gui vive to see what wonld happen next, and took an intense interest in the fight of the 3rd, which Biauvelt has described. The soene of the battle was hidden from as, bat we gathered from the expression of oaf guards' faces and the confusion around as that all had not gone well to the enemy's mind, and so were hopeful. In the evening we were marched to the outskirts of Getty aburg and kept there till the afternoon of the 4in when we started towards Virginia. I hung hack and dragged myself along, and so was fortunately placed near the rear of the column, and we plodded away. I thanked Heaven that the night promised to be dark and stormy, and was as vigilant as an Indian, looking for my chance. It seemed long in coming, for at first the guards were o r 1. -Be Pint 1 Purposely stumbled and hoping to or&wl; into the bushes, but a rebel was right on me. and helped me up with his bayonet ' ? O Arthur l were «" »>»a »>«ii . told that the first man who attempted to leave the line would be shot. I lagged behind, as if I oould not keep up, and bo my vigilant fitfefd gd! ahead of me posed to try it on with the next fii did not dare look aronnd, for my onlv ' 1 wae to give the impression that T fan 08 otter exhaustion. We were windino B m a mountain side, and I saw some dark Knlnd jail beyond me. I staggered towards «> 8 and tell just beside them, and Uy ae :?i wore dead. J '""I 'A minute passed, then another and tw there was no otbet sound than ® and splash in the muddy road t Ii®? still farther and farther from tbjV my down the eteep b.nk, and i00n fooad m,Li, completely hidden. The comi.de ne« me either would not tell if he unckratnmi rase, or else was so weary that he had Zl noticed me. If the guard saw me h oonoluded that I was done for and not further bother. 1 Worth ' After the column had passed, I H Bteiied to hear if others were coming, thcD etumSlS down the mountain, knowing that my bert charce was to strike some stream and follow the ourrent. It would take me into a valle, where I would be apt to find hon?es. At last I became so weary that I lay down in a dense thioket and slept till morning. I awoke ifl hungry as a famished wolf, and saw notbiJ bat a dense forest on every side. Bat the brook murmured that it wonld guide me, acd I now made muoh better progress in the daylight. At last I reached a little clearing and a wood-chopper's cottage. Tbe man was away, but his wife received me kindly, and said I was welcome to suoh poor fare and shelter as they had. She gave me a glasB o! ' milk and some fried bacon and corn bread and I then learned all about the neotar and ambrosia of the gods. In the evening her bnsband came home and said that Lee had been whipped by tbe Yanks, and that he was retreating rapidly, whereon I drank to the health of my host nearly all the milk given that night by his lean little oow. He was a good-natured, loutish sort of a fellow, and promised to guide me in a day or two to tbe west of the line of retreat. He eeemed very fearful of falling in with the rebels, and I certainly had seen all I wished of them for the present, so I was as patient as he desired, At last he kept bis word, and guided me to a village abent six miles away. I learned that Confederate cavalry had been there tfitbia tWenty-four hours, and, tired as I was, i hired a conveyance and was driven to another village farther to the north-west, for I now had a morbid horror of being recaptured. After A night's rest in a small hamlet, 1 was taken in a light waggon to tbe nearest railway station, and oame on directly, arriving here about six tbia morning. Finding our house closed I made a descent on Merwyn I telegraphed mother last evening that I eboold be home this after® noon ' 'Yon should have telegraphed me, also,' said Marian, reproachfully, Yoa woald have saved me same very «ad hours, I did not sleep much last night.' ' Forgive me. I thoughtlessly wished to give you a surprise, and oould soaroely believe you oared so much.' Yon will always believe it now, Arthur. Merciful heaven 1 what risks yoa have hid !' ' You have repaid me a than sand-fold. Friend, sister, or wife, you will always be to me my good genius." I wish tbe war was over,' she said, etdly, I have not heard from Captain Lane for Weeks, and after the battle the first tidings from Biauvelt was tbat he was wounded, and that you were wounded and missing. I can't tell yon how oppressed I was with fear and foreboding.' ' How about Lane ?' Strahan asked, with interest. She told him briefly the story she hsd beard, and of the silence whioh had followed. 1 He leads as all,' was his response. ' If he survives the war, be will win yoa, Marian.' ' Yon suggest a terrible " if," and there may be many others. I admit that he has kindled my imagination more than any man I ever eaw ; but you, Arthur, have tonohed my heart. I could not speak to him, had he returned, as I am now speaking to you. I have the odd feeling that you and I are too near of kin to be anything to eaoh other except just what we are. You are so frank and true to me, that I can't endure the thought of misleading you even uninten tionally. ' 'Very well, I'll grow up some day, and as long as you remain free, I'll not give up hope.' 'Foolish boy! Grow up, indeed 1 Who mounted his horse in that storm of ebelU and bullets in spite of friendly remonstrances, and said, " The men must see us to-day . WImA more could any man do ? lam just as proua of yoa as if my own brother had Bpoken the words ; and she took his hand caressingly, then exclaimed, 'In ari feverish.' A second later her hand was on his brow, and she sprang up and eaid earnestly. 1 should have attention at once." , I fancy the doctor was right after al'» eaid Strahau, rising also ; I'll take the one o'clock train and be at home in a couple of hoars.' 1 wish yoa woald stay. You cant imagine what a devoted nurse I'll be.' ' Please don't tempt me. It wouldn't M beat. Mamma is counting the minntes before my return now, and it will please her if l come on an wriiw train. Mountain air ana rest will soon" bring me aronnd, and I can run down often. I think the fever P/00®8®! Bimply from my wound, which has'nt i naa the best care. I don't feel seriously ill all.9 She ordered toed lemonade at once, lunoh was hastened, and then she permitted him to depart with a promise that he would wntc a line that very night. (to be oonmuas.) 