LONG RUNS AND MADNESS. The above title does not refer to pedestrianism or horse-racing, but to that dearest wish of every theatrical manager, a piece that will "draw grand houses " for as many nights as the Arabian talcs. After the report, since denied, that a certain actor had gone mod p.t Berlin, through playing the part of the executioner so constantly in the Mikado, the Pull Mali Gazette wroto to a number of leading actors aud managers asking their opinion on tho question whether long runs induced severe mental strain. Mr Irving and a host of eminent actors who have played the samo character night after night, in somo cases for over a year, all declaro themselves as sane ns when they commenced. Mr W. S. Gilbert, the author of the Mikado, wrote to point out the many obvious advantages of a long run. Ko-ko himself, known in private life as Mr Grossmitli, also stated that "in a run of say C00 nights the last 409 do not affect the nerves, but tbo first night does vciy much indeed." Tlio opinion of our own favorito actors is very similar. Mr G. S. Titheradgo would not mind how long he acted Hamlet (to good houses), and with regard to melo dramatic heroes, there is a general im pression that tho parts aro written ex pressly to show what the man with brains can do. Mr R. Brough wouldn't break down even under a month's amusing idiocy of Carraway Bones : Mr Howard Yornon lias stood on head for 120 conscuutivo nights asKoko ; and though he has been obliged to buy a new scalp, ho will publicly demonstrate at Sandhurst to night that ho is " right as a trivet." Misa Minnie Palmer, who has been. My Swcothcartover 1000 times in the last five years, still suffers on " first nights ; " but once tho pill of ad verso criticism is swal lowed, she recovers her gaiety, and tho .harsh notes of tho carpers are lost amidst the plaudits of the audience. While on tliis subject, tho effect of short runs upon tlio sanity and spirits of actors is . worth enquiring into. Miss Nolly Stewart, Miss Ivanovo, and other popular operatic artists, dcolaro that they find it no strain upon their nerves to play iu two or fchreo different operas each week — provided tho audiences are largo and appreciative. In deed, this is what all actors find is tho main cause of disturbing thoiv sanity and spirits. They "got mad" if tho audience docs not applaud, and they hardly lmvo the energy to go to law with tho manager u " tho ghost " walks not. Still tnoro are a few characters, tho im personation of which really taxes the nones. Signov Majeroni always loses a night's rest when ho plays Loris in Fedora, but ho is nob so dcoply affected by Buch characters ns Essex. Signora Majeroni in tho same way never feels overstrung ns Mario Antolnottc, but will sometimes suffer from nervous oxcitomont, as Fodora, and similar characters. 