:' THE CONCERT. SIn the evening the, Shire Hsill crowded,? great expectations hIt been raised in consequence of aN concert being initiated by soverl our leading amatours, and n 01 drama entitled " A spectre inspil himself, or the Ghost of the Dam. road." The concert commenced an. overture .by the Benalla played in 'their usual. finished I Mr. T.'Hanlon thenou sang the " shipmite" in capital style. ?I Shaw was well received for her ree tion of that favorite old song "G Hills of Tyrol." Mr. H. B. at once placed himself at ho0m hia audience in his song "Ancho Mr. Montro?'i fairly convulsed audience by his' recitation of Mermaid" a la Emmett. Mrs. Th sweet young voiceiwaebsherd to advantage in thdeold Scotch "Will you no come ýliack'againa was received 'with" well.merited plauses Mr. Hiscoci' next folo with "The Gallants :of 'Bgh which he Aing in his usual style. concluded the .first, part of the formance .. After some selectiOte the band ; the presentations of prizes took,placo, Mr. Gordon can, acting for, Mr. 'IEobert I the President of the Shiro CO@ who was unavoidably absent. In senting: the prizes, Mr. DUuncI pressed his pleasure at being upon to perform athe dutyat same time eipressing hisregratO absence of the. President. ?" called for a repreoentative of worthi who's teams had won so prizes. However, there was pearance of anyone from th Rutherglen, who had also won Vp It appeared all the visiting te'8" returned home without leasvi member to receive their prizsn u to say the least of it, hbowedh.d The captain' of the Bonallat?r (Mr. H. Clark) then camrfe , and was received with a per s tion, He was, highly petupi by Mr. ?Duncan for th e manner in.whioh. he had m e work his.men up to as'tate fpe a by the local brigade--whioh -was aly half the total amount given. rones ding, Captain Clark thanked Slaies and gentlemen assisting at Sconcert and also those who had so ly assisted at the Demonstration, d helped to make it a success. The cood part of the concert was then meced by Mr Charge giving in ad style "The ?Maid of the Mill. e Shaw then took. the) :use by a with her splendid rendition of The Cantinor," and in response to undoniable encore, sang "Ever of o," in such a very pleasing manner almost to command a repetition. he duett of "Very Suspicions" by ?and Mrs, M'Keo was nicely ren cd and very well received. We ted by the river" by Mrs. Thorns t with a favorable reception. Mr. outrose, in "Paddy Heggarty's reaches," amused the audience. The Fairy Bells", performed on a art of zitter or .2Eolian harpby. Mr. oylor discoursed most sweet and iry-like music. This concluded the a-oed part of the concert, and duringj it?erva seeral ral sev aeleotione. weret apitally givean;by theband. Thuiece ds rclatantce .' A spectre in pite of himself" was then .placed on ho boards in a.very creditable manner, ad passed oef with scarcely a percep-: iblo hitch. The plot is a simple one. bore are two cousins oamed Nicode us the elder is engaged to be aried to the daughter of Squire Ald inklo, and on his road to visit her, he ies of apoplexy and enoine hise ser ant to request his cousin to break the owe to his intended and -her father. trying to carry out the request he s constantly taken for the ghost of his ousio, whom he strongly resembles. he following is the cast:-Nicode us (the ghost himself), Mr. T. Han on; Squiroe Aldwinkle (a timid old cat), Mr. 0. .Montrose; Paul (the aek undertaker), Mr J. Knox: homas, (Squire's man), Mr. I. T. riggs; Captain Vauntington (a very rave captain), Mr.. Gardiner; Dick ry (a superstitious rervant), .Mr. A. ai, The audience, though rather uzzlud as to where the. ghost was; ppeared to enjoy the piece very uch, if we may judge by the hearty aughter and frequent applause. 