THE V. A.' T; C. GRAND NATIONAL MEETING. from ocr melbourne correspondent. . ' "' ' ' : Saturday "evening. - The. day was drear and down, the course soaked with tvro'days' heavy rain, and the sky black_ find ftill of raih "overhead; atid "rip to the last hibruebt it iva3 doubtful if the Grind National could be brought off to-day. Faith in the absorbent prospects of the Caulfield Course, however, induced the stewards to briilg the meeting off, aud they were rewarded by an at tendance which, considering the weather, was beyond anticipation large. On a day so trying to ladies the dull skies ruining complexion, arid bunging out every defect of skin abd absence of colour, which , should be veiled froua masculine eyes, the gentler sex did not patronise the Stand very largely, but still it may be said there was a paying house to do justice to the completeness of the arrangements, and Mr Skinner's liberal catering. The features of the day were the disqualification of Sandcre, who, four time3 disobeyed the order of the starter, and persisted in going to the front before the word was given, and who was, therefore, . suspended far two months ; the superb , riding , of Gorrie in; the Balaclava Stakes ; CorrigahY fine finish on Game under the crashing weight of twelve stone twelve, ani the curious fall of Ocean's rider who, he says, felt as if the horse had kiibcked him out of the saddle w'ilh his hind leg3. The double — Huntsman . and Game — did not come off, bat owing to the short; prices the Balliirat division did nbt bin so -hriSvily as they would have desired,; arid the results of other events were somewhat mixed"; "The first race on the "card was ; ; . The Sapling StIkes;— Of lOOsovs. Two-j-ear- olds. Three furlongs. Mr Halmborough's Sunshade... ... ... 1 Bon. Smith's Epicufian .;. ... ... 2 Mr Harper's Carnival ... ... ... 3 Teuton, The. Dreamer, Masfer Norman, Protos-Grand, Casuist, Trust, Pingara, Eria, Falfea, Alexandria, Nectarine, Query, Golden Fleece, Danger, and Julian Gray also "started. Sunshine made play early, aud though The Dreamer, Epicuriau, and Casuist were for a few. seconds proniineut;' Srinshihe won with compara tive ease. Hurdle Race.— 200 sovs. ; sweepstakes of 5 sors.- Two miles. Mr Connolly's Bonnie Lad ... (Gardner) 1 Mr Radcliffe's Distiller -.. ... (M'lver) 2 Mr Longhlin's Huntsman ... (Corrigan) 3 At the start, Sultan went off with the lead, ; Sinking Fund, Distiller, and Huntsman lying | close, "Whalebone last. Coming down the side :stretcb. Sultan still led, Sinking Fund riexf, Grattan and Kooiyte lying close together, which jorder was maintained to the turn into the (straight, coming down which Sultan stumbled, 'which gave the lead to Sinking Fund, who passed jthe Stand first, Sultan, Kooiyte, and Grattan jlying next in that order. Kooiyte fell at the iStand jump, "but his rider picked himself up uu- injured, and goiog up theiiill'Sinking Fund had' ;a clear length's lead of Sultan, Townley, Grattan, iBonnie Lad closing upon that order. .Whalebone still last. Ocean began to go iup here, and at the back of the . course raced past Graitan, and drew into fourth place. The pace was, However, too fast to last, and at the hurdle near thb mud wall, Ocean; who had rushed into second place, came a ' cropper', and the subsequent proceedings interested -him uo more. Hereto,. Sultan got in front again, Bonnie Lad pushing up second, and as they turned into the straight, Bonnie Lad : proved too good; and won by half-a-length, Distiller second, Huntsmau third, Sultan, Louis, Ruby, and Whalebone coming in next in that order. Selling Race. — Of 100 sovs. Winner to be i sold for L100. Two furlongs and a-half. Mr E. Week's Cuba (O'Brien) 1 Mr R. Bence's Mabel Gray (Bence) 2 Hon. W. Pearson's Meleeagrida (Power) 3 i Isabel led, but Mabel Gray caught her were half the distance had been-, travelled, Meleea- gjida being third. A fiile finish ensued, result ing in a win for Cuba, by three-quarters of a length, four . .lengths1 separating Mabel Gray from Meleegrida, Liddington fourth. Time, bxactly one minute. Cuba was bought in, at forty- pounds. . . . . Grand National Steeplechase.— Handicap, : 350 sovs., sweepstakes ".7 sovs. each. Two : miles and a half. ; ;. MrLoughlinYGame.::' ... (Corrigan) 1 Mr Clough's Contingent ' (Allen) 2 Mr Beestoii Y Terarig. . . 1 (Carey) 3 Lady Ashton, Native, The 'Irishman, \Yick- liffe, and Ha velock also started. Betting : Even on Game, 0 to 1 Lady , Ashton and Wickliffe, 8 to 1 Terang, 10 to 1 Irishman, 12 to'l Contin gent. Lady Ashton showed in front from the first. Terang, Game, Native, Irishman and Havelock lying close up. Going up the hill, Havelook baulked, and never again obtained a prominent position in the race. Along the hack of the courso Lady Ashton assumed a strong lead of four lengths, Native and Terang lying next. The first round was negotiated without further mishap, but passing the stand tho second time Native struck the logs heavily and slipped some distauce, Fergusson making a magnificent recovery, and earning a hearty cheer. Terang fell at tho next fence, and Wickliffe went nearly up to Lady Ashton, who began to drop back, owing to her fashion of sliding along her jumps. Contingent here drew into second place. Lady Ashton fell at the back of the course, while Na tive came down heavily. Wickliffe uext fell, and then Irishman struck at the last jump but one, and, though lie did uot fall, he unseated hi3 rider, Watson. This left the race to Game and Contingent, who wais leading, but iu the straight the favourite passed his rival, and came in au easy winner by three and a-balf lengths. Irishman followed, about fifty yards behind, without a rider ; and about forty yards behind him carno Terang, who, beiug the only other horse ridden iu, was placed third. Time, 5miu. " 3Ssec. Balaclava Stakes.— Handicap of 100 sovs. Seven furlongs. MrC. S. Agnew's Pocahontas ... ... 1 Sir W. E. Dakin's Quiutin Slutsep 2 Mr G. Guustoii's Honeybee ... 3 Chuekster, Tho Ghost, Gardiuia, Cauierine, Straight Shot, Bridegroom, Mnroney Preston, Kenneth, Wcstcin, Black Diamond, Hogmanay, Mia Mia, Slaori Chief, Mill Stream, St. Louie, Protector, Lord Sutton, and Premier also started. Pocahontas was a strong favourite at 0 to 4. At the start, the yellow jacket of Honey bee at once dashed to the front, and before a couple of furlongs had been travelled she had a lead of a length, the first ten lying iu a cluster. The Ghost and Quintin Slataep being most pro minent, tho field tailing out to a . frightful length, the ground being evidently too heavy for the majority to travel on. Coming iuto the straight Honeybee had only an advantage of about half-a-length — Quiutin Matsep being close on him, and Pocahontas shooting forward to join company. A grand tussle,- doubtful up to tho last moment, ensued in tbostraight, but "Pocahontas was so lilaghificently and desporatoly ridden that slio just succeeded in getting her head first "past thb' judge, Honeybee being at Quintin Matscp's saddle bow, but the rest all out of it. /time, one. minute, thirty-five seconds. Thii race brought to a successful close a grant! day's sport Charles Hansen, .wheu working a pile- driver at tbe. new gasworks at Brisbane on Friday, a. monkey weighing 30cwt accidentally fell 15ft as Hansel i was cutting the top pile, and crushed his thigh and the lower part of his body ui a shacking ininner, death ensuing in a few hours Wicked for Clergymen.— "I .believe it to be all wrong and. even wicked for clergymen or other pub lic men to be led into giving testimonials to quack doctors or vile stuffs called medicines, bnt when a really meritorious article , te, made up of common valuable "remedies known to all, and that all physi cians nse and trust in daily, we should freely com mend it. I therefore cheerfully and hfeartily com mend Hop Bitters for the good they have done me and my friends, firmly believing they have no etiual for family .use.. I will not ,be without them. — Rev. . Washington, D.C, U.S.A. 