Camiola: A Girl with a Fortune. By Justin M'Cakthy. Chapteh XLYI.^JETHRO'S DAUGHTER, COSIES HOME. The Fitzurseham people began more and more to shake thejr heads over poor Jetb.ro Merridew. He was getting every day more 44off his nut,' as -hey put it gracefully. Not a few of them expressed their sense of his condition by jeering at him more loudly than ever as he passed along the street. Jethro bore their insults with a sort of prince like contempt. Some of the better-hearted of the neigh- ?? bours endeavoured to talk with him sympathetically, and to these he would say again and again that his daughter was coming home very soon now. No inquiries made on Mrs. Pollen's behalf had- led to any discovery concerning tho daughter. Mrs. Pollen and Pilgrim both tried as well as they could to get him to understand this, and to* soften its meaning to him. But he would not listen to any thing on the subject. He knew better, he said ; he knew all. about it. Of late he kept away from Mrs. Pollen and from , Pilgrim ; of late, too, Pilgrim was thinking of other things. - Jethro went about his business as usual ; he called on people in the mornings with all his habitual regularity. When he ever went to sleep no one could tell. He certainly never slept until he had performed the last of his morning calls, and then people saw. him wandering about nearly all day long afterwards. For some days now he had resolutely kept indoors when once his work of calling was done. He began not to like the streets, and to shrink from them. Those who did. see him, if they were at all sympathetic,, thought they saw something in his face that spoke of com ing death. ? The morning of the day when Mrs. Pollen was to havo her entertainment Jethro made his round of calls as usual. He was tired then, and longed to sleep. He went into the . v Old Ferry Inn, which was just taking down its shutters to entertain early barmen and market gardeners and cart drivers, and he asked for some brandy. Such indulgence was the rarest thing in Jethro's case, and the bargemen did not fail to chaff him pleasantly over his new-born drinking ways. Jethro made no answer; he swallowed his brandy ? greedily, and'went home. The dawn was coming on ; a soft* bright, tender morning in -October, the brightness wade- . mild by the sweet melancholy of the season. Jethro went upstairs to his little room looking on the street; he lay down in his clothes, and he slept a long time. He was dreaming of bis daughter, of her coming back to him, of her greatness and splendour,, and her love for him. She was coming, he dreamed, to rescue hjm from his sad, lonely life. She was coming with music and attendants, with '. friends on horseback and in carriages, just as fair Inez, whom he loved to read of and to quote, went down to the sea-shore when. $ke was about, to depart. The strains of music growing louder and louder seemed to mingle in his ' dream. Suddenly he woke up with a start ; he gathered himself together, and such senses as he had. There was music. Yes, it was growing louder and louder. She was coming ; he had wakened only just in tune. He would have been late if he had slept longer ; she would have had . to come to his door and knock... He could not have been up and across the threshold to welcome her. He ran to the window. Yes, there was a long procession, coming down the street. There was music; the clangor of cymbals, the heavy throb of the dram; the shrill fifes. There was shouting and cheering ; the street was thronged with people. He could just see that there were hones ia the procession, and .that there, were gorgeous carriages. Yes, this was his daughter's coming home ; he never felt * . doubt about it ; never questioned himself ; he knew it; this ' was she ; at last, at last, she had come ! , . He ran downstairs and opened hw door, and stood just outside the threshold ready to welcome her. The people hardly noticed or saw him, so intent were they on gazing at the procession. He was for once rather sorry not to bs noticed ; they ought to see him in the hourof -bis pride who had seen him so long and so often in his solitude and poverty. Never had he seen such aprocession ; there wers camels, there was an elephant ; could his daughter ' be an Eastern queen, the wife of come great Asiatic sovereign? Why not? Such tilings had been. . He would sooa know, he . thought in exultation. Now came riders;, brilliant cavaliers and splendid ladies. They passed him two and two ; he thought the hne would never cease ; and yet he was conscious, too, that this was but his own im- - patience, for there were not many couples. At length ho . sow a carriage drawn by four white horses, and in the carriage a lady, who stood erect and. princpss-like, glitter ing in gorgeous .array, and with much .silver about her whereon the sunlight Hashed. He could see her clearly above the crowd, and now he saw her face and he gave a wild cry of rapture. . \ .. ' She is come, my love, my dove, my beautiful, my on defiled,' screamed the poor, half-crazy man, and he burst his way through the crowd, and ran up to the side of the carriage. ' JdLy daughter, my daughter '.' he called to her, andae laid his Jean, skinny haud on the side of the carriage. The woman who stood in the carriage wore a long garment of gorgeous red, white, and blue, and she had a silvered breastplate and a shield, and on her head a silvered helmet. She was, in fact, got up to represent the popular* idea of Britannia. She was no longer young. Her face had bejan handsome, but was worn and raddled with stage-painting. r Hrarjng the old man's shriek she looked down at him, first with wonderment and then with a growing recognition, still doubtful and amazed. There was conf usioa for a moment ; , the poor old man tried to get into the carriage; the attendants tfrfnVing him a drunken mwl'nftn tried to drag; him away ; one of the pbetilionB on tho horses struck back: at him with his whip. The crowd then recofrnbed Jethro Merridew, and beginning to understand how Ids craze was working on him snouted and cheered with delight. Why, , this was better fun than even the procession and- the elephant and camels. Here was old Merridew gone raving mad at last, and taking a painted circus woman for hifi daughter nn*^ a grand lady ! Laughter Tnflflf *h« welkin ring. 41 Take care of the poor old gentleman ; don't hurt him,' said Britannia pityingly; and remarked to an attendant nymph by her side, 'Wen, if Idon'tbelievejtismypoor old father!' Jethro was after all but mad north-north- west. He was shaken in mind indeed, but he was not a mere lunatic. He had been sleeping a heavy Bleep induced by the effects of brandy, unusual to him. He had been dreaming of his daughter's splendid return with music and cavalcade; he woke or half -woke to the sound of music ; he heard the trampling of homes; hf s»ir fi jmntwsimi with nmnWfr and. imxaaid^nhU'^mi in a splendid carriage he TBeognieed bis daughter. ,5vhat 'wonder it all this- is fitted in with his dream, and seemed only die dream become reality? Bnt nowf&& ihelchuig;to thecani&ge.and; gazed eagerly at ^ recovered daughter, and as his scnges, snch as they were, began to cleaE, he could not help seeing in his mind 'what his eyes told him ;* he could not but; see the paint on the face's ' 'J&e; black lines round the eyes ; the made-up eye brows; the woman's figure grown heavy and elderly ; the tawdry dress; the spangles; the Britannia get-up; tits sQvered-tin of the shield and helmet.. It was his daughter ?— ohji yes; indeed ! He had found her. She had come back ; not to him ;? not seeking him. But she had come back with paint on her cheeks, and spangles and tin on her rubes ; she had come back a circus-riding woman, in a Merry-Andrew procession.' -. r _ . He fell tack from the carriage and among the crowd. He ?was dazed; he was crushed in spirit. He cared nothing for the jeering mob. He cared nothing if he were to be trampled on by the horses He might have been trampled on as he staggered away but for the prompt and energetic assistance of Christian Pilgrim. Pilgrim had been out, not indeed to look at the procession, for he had an utter contempt for all manner of shows ; but he had been caught in its stream and wave, and was submitting very unwillingly to be dragged along as a captive of the fair Britannia and her train when is eyes were attracted by the sight of poor old Jethro struggling to reach the car. Pilgrim had not the least idea of what Jethro was trying to do, but he felt sure that the poor old man was likely to make a display of himself in some more or less ridiculous way, and perhaps to become a sport to the very pitiless merriment of the Fitzurseham mob. He caught bewildered Merridew in his strong arms and forced a way through the crowd. ' What's the matter with the old fool ?' a man asked of Pilgrim as they were making their way. | Pilgrim's only answer was to elbow the man aside, and to . hasten with his poor old companion towards Merridew'e | house. . . i ' Oh, don't you know?' he heard someone else reply to the questioner whom he had thus roughly put away. ' Old Merridew' s gone clean off his head, and he's taken a circus woman for his daughter.' That told Pilgrim what he had not known before ; all lie -wanted to know. ; 'Shall we go home, Jethro f' he askod in a -voice of compassion.. 'Yes, I am better at home. I don't want to go out any more. I think I must have been going crazy, Pilgrim ; I am 'like King Lear in the play. It was my Cordelia, though. It was ury daughter, Pilgrim ? ' he did not call him 'fair cousin' anymore. ' She is not young, and she is a poor circus rider ; but she is my daughter all the same, and I think she knew her poor old lather. I was foolish to make such an exhibition of myself and of her. 1 think I must have been «ut of my right mind, Pilgrim, lately ; I suppose the people laughed at me.' 'It doesn't matter,' Christian said ; 'you have found your daughter, Jethro; that's something. You had better go in now.' . . 'Yes, it is something. To think of all the years and years and years I have been expecting her, and believing that she was to come to me* splendid, happy lady ! Idon't know how I ever got such a thought into my head, but it always seemed to me like .a revelation from heaven. I'll so in, and I'll stay in until she comes. She will come, don't you think?' . ' She .will come, I am sure ; I will go and find her out when all this fuss is over, and tell her where you are.' By this time they were at Jethro's door. The crowd in tho-streets were again absorbed in the successive wonders of the procession, and had forgotten all about the f ooiish, fond old man. The Fitzurseham crowd was a prudent and a practical crowd in its quest for amusement, and even if it '? had still been thinking of Jethro it would have remem bered that ho was there at hand to bo made fun of any day, but that an elephant, and camels, and a procession of splendid cavaliers and dames was of tare visitation in. that place. .The crowd would, therefore, have reserved Jethro, and devoted itself just then, to the too fleeting delights of the .procession. .'?-.,.' ; . Pilgrim saw Jethro safely into- his room, and talked a little with him.- He had not found the old man so reason able in mind and manner for years and years. The shock and: the disappointment seemed to have brought back his wandering senses. He was «ane and utterly despondent. 'Isn't there something, Pilgrim, in one of the classic poets, about a man being cured of some delusion and made sane, and being only miserable because he was sanA?' Jethro suddenly asked. v lethere? Verylikely,' Pilgrim said. ? « Welt, Vm like that man.' These were the last words Pilgrim ever heard him speak; As thoold man said them he was stretching himself down on his bed, still quite dressed, and with his face turned away from the window through which he had seen the first glimpse of the procession, and from the mild autumnal sunlight. His face seemed like a mask of white wax as Pilgrim looked on it before he loft the room. It was late in tho evening when Pilgrim found the long-lost daughter. He found her a prematurely decayed, not unkindly -wreck of a dissipated- woman. Shesaid'she would go and see her father as soon as ever she could. She went an hour or two later and knocked at the door, but got no answer. She pushed (ho door, found it unfastened, went in, and ranged the poor little 'Wretched rooms. At last, mounting the stairs, she came to her tattler's bedroom, and found him lying doadi ?? ?? Chapteb. XLVII.— HM LAST CHANCE. The festivities at Fiteuree House went oh all the same, although Jethro Merridew could have no part in them. ' Merry was the world, though he was dead,' writes Mr. Morris of a somewhat more interesting person than poor ? Jethro Merridew ; and it would take the -world of Fitzurse ham very little time indeed to get over ite feeling of grief at the losB of Jethro Merridew. But it in only just to say that Mrs. Pollen and moBt of her guests knew nothing of the old man's death until the nignt's revelries were wellnigh over, and by that time some of them ait least *''1 other things to think of. ??? -???'??. ?; The gardens were starred with coloured lamps. The newest devices of South Kensington fetes made the waters of the fountain leap up in many- tinted radiance to the vast dark of the (evening skies, and filled the hearts of fitzurse ham youth and likewise indeed Fitzurseham old age with wonder and ecstasy. The night ?was so fine and warm for the time of the year that many were induced to come from the crowded ana heated rooms into the cool pure air, and so the coloured fountains had plenty of admirers.' nothing could be af sadder and r vainer spectacle in its way than a coloured fountain displaying all its prodigality of tints and' ite togh-soaring jeteof activity witn'no one to look on and -i admire. The coloured fountains of Fiteurae House were spared that humiliation by the singular fineness of the night. -. t ??.?-'??? -: ' ' ?'? - ' ' ; ' '?? ' ?-?: ???? '? Mrs'.' Pollen received her guests in the great drawing room on |he ground floor. .She -was dressed very plainly tbii nigb.tj and made little display bf jewellery. : ' She -was veiy proud of the fact that she now knew all her company by si£h£ and could address everr * 'itzursehamite who came byhis'or'her'name, and inade soine appropriate inquiry. ThbrobniwaB already beginning tb%b crowded. Eomont, in hie character of Albanian Josephi hung about a little in the 'background, biit yet in ostensible1 attendance on Mrs. Pollen,' )iui& bccasibnaily summoned to her side by a signal from her'f an, and bidden to' do this or 'that for her. 'Sud denly hte drew back and all but concealed himself in a crowd of admiring and yet shrinking Fitzursehamites, some of whom looked on' Albanian Joseph as a sort of creature hardly less wondrous and out of their -way than a ghost. Bomont drew back and ^was~ trying 'to conceal himself be cause he saw Camiola come in, and he did not like to be seen- by net just then and in big* Albanian masquerade, which he feared would bring unpleasant recollections back to her mmd: Camiola had chosen a richer and more matronly style of dress than she usually affected. Mrs. Pollen had asked her to dress herself particularly nicely for the pleasure of the Fitzursehainites ; . and Camiola, like a good girl, did as «he was fold. Her robe of old-faehioned brocade, in' ths nondescript colouring of which all shades of yellow end bvown seemed to blend agreeably, fell in straight folds round her form and had a severe simplicity which was in keeping with her somewhat grave mien and the erect carriage of her head. , She held a great ronnd fan of yellow and browa ostrich feathers which mj^ht have been borne by one of the^statelydaBies whohad in old time crowded the slippery staircase .of Fiteuree House, Golden brown plumes nestled hi her bodice, confined by. a quajnt ornament of topaz and pearl, and there, were topazes in her brown hair and round her girlish .neck/ She migbi, except for her warm and. healthy vitality, have 'been one of the beautiful shadows pf au old time with whom Mrs. Pollen's imagina tion used once to 'people the rooms. So Mrs. Pollen, too, was thinking, and suddenly she saw that Christian Pilgrim, who. was acting generally as a sort of major-domo, was gazing at the girl with a look of intense admiration and melancholy as if Borne thought of the same kind were pass ing tfirough his mind. Somebody stopped Camiola and spoke to'her; it waa'Vinnie Lammas. The contrast -was curious; the rich dress, the healthy vigorous beauty, the splendour of movement as well as of adornment of the one girl, and the pale distressful look of the other, with her neat but somewhat shabby get-up, and her aspect of un suitability with the place and the crowd. The contrast was perhaps the more striking because Vinnie was looking very pretty and picturesque in her way. Poor Pilgrim looked sadly at them both ; he was even more pallid than usual. Mrs. Pollen felt that something was wrong with him. She called Romont to her, and, in a low tone, asked him to look after Pilgrim ; to get into talk with him, and find if any thing was wrong. Romont promised, and as he was going away turned back just for a moment. They spoke in the semi-Italian jargon which they used on such occasions. ' Doesn't she look lovely to-night, my queen-girl?' he whispered, bis head ~bent in Joseph's habitual attitude of deference. ' Young man,' Mrs. Pollen responded, ' do you think I am in the habit of conversing with menials on tho personal charms of the young ladies I receive in my house i Have you spoken to her ?' she added quickly. I ' iNot yet I haven't had the chance. Must it be done I while I am in this mummer's costume?' | ' 'It must. That is my idea altogether. You have a i better right to speak to her in that mummer's costume, as you call it, than in any other. It was in that you found her out.' ' I believe you are right,' he said. ' Thank you — I am always right.' The Rector and Lady Lctitia had already come, and were mingling with the guests; he, awkward and shy; she doing her very best, and apparently with much success, to hide for the moment the varied feelings of her heart, per turbed by mingled sorrow, joy, and anxiety. Would Janctte come ? Yes ; Janette actually had come. She was very pale, and looked singularly pretty, and the effort she was making to throw her soul into the business of the evening gave a sparkle to her eyes which was like the light of pleasure for those who are not quick in seeing any differ ence between one light and another. Camiola had been miserably unhappy all day. She began to look forward more and more with dread and shame to the prospect of marriage with Georgie Lisle. If she went out to Egypt she know it must be ; and now they were going to Egypt. The keen strain of anxiety about Goorgie's life was over; every one said the campaign was virtuallvat an end. He was safe, he would soon be in civilised Cairo again; ho was a hero ; why should she any longer be com pelled to go near him ? Had he not enough now ? How absurdly inconsistent this all was, to be sure. To promise a man that she would marry him if he should escape alive out of the danger, and then to think that she ought to be released from her promise because that very condition had been fulfilled and he had escaped out of the danger— surely a less intelligent girl than Camiola must have seen the utter inconsistency and absurdity of such conduct. Exactly, and Camiola did see it, but she could not make things any different. She could not make her feelings at the present hour the same as they wero in those moments of prostration and despondency when she was ready to promise anything rather than see her dear Lady Letitia in grief. We do not ask our right-minded readers to forgive Camiola; we. readily admit that she ought to have been ever so much wiser, that she ought to have always known her own mind ; that she ought, under no matter what distracting conditions and distressing mental conflicts, to have invariably done, said, and thought the right thing. 'Bat, then, this is a story about a girl who did not always say and do tho right thing, whose heart and head did not always work quite well and harmoniously together ; a girl who sometimes made mistakes and had to be sorry for them ,* a very human sort of girl, just a woman and a sister. ? Among' her many inconsistencies of mind and purpose was that of which she was distinctly conscious in going to this festival at Fitzurso House. She dreaded, positively dreaded, meeting Roinont there; and yet at moments she felt that she would give her lifo just to see him for once; and there. ' Must I lose him ?' she kept incessantly ask ing of herself; sometimes varying the mental inquiry by asking of herself, ' If I do see him what shall I do V ' The place seemed fateful to her. It was there— out among those paths, under tiiosc trees which she could see through (he open windows ; it was there that the truth was suddenly borne in upon her that she loved him. It was the very appeal made to her love by Georgie Lisle that shot into her heart of heart the conviction that she loved Romont. Sup pose he should not come, would that mean that he had steeled his mind to the knowledge that they had better not meet, and that all was over between them? And she not merely loved him, but she knew he was just the man she could love and ought to love; the man she could look up to; whose purposes she could BhMo. She had been hearing much about hun lately in an indirect, scrappy sort of way, in little sentences casually— as she supposed casually— let drop by Mrs. Pollen; in stray talks between Mr. Lisle and hiB~'«rae. She knew of the brave persistent efforts he had been making to do good for others; for others of whom he knew next to nothing but that they were poor and in dis tress. If she could nave been a man this is j ust the sort of man she could have wished to be ; this is the man she could love— the man she would have if she could for her lover and her husband. And she might have hud him for her lover and her husband if only she had not been so foolish, if only she had not been so weak, if only she had known her own mind at the right time. No— that was not it ; it , was worse than that, for she did know her own mind; she knew it from the first moment of discovering her love ; she knew that she wanted to marry Romont; but she allowed herself to be led away from the knowledge which ought to have been her light and her guide. She was a fearless unaffected jjiri ; never shy ; yet this night she went through the rooms with a sorl of frightened look in her eyes, as if she feared , something about to happen. She sometimes shook her head slowly, languidly, from side to side as one who saye : ' It is all over-; I can't help it now,' Mrs. Pollen noted even the slightest and most passing of these little signals of distress ; and she was not ill-pleased. She wanted the girl to be in a strain of emotional temper that . night ; to be susceptible, to be im pressionable, to be startled out of conventional moods, and open to the promptings of her own soul. . , ''Camiola, my dear,' Mrs. Pollen said in. a low tone; ' will you go into the music-room and tell me if everything is right there ? It isn't open to the people yet ;: and 1 want the benefit of your last glance over ite arrangements.7' - Then Mrs. Pollen saw Walter Fitznrse come in. He was dressed very well, and looked decidedly handsome and striking, with' a sort of picturesquely penitential air about him which Mrs: Pollen hoped would tell upon Janetto. He passed Camiola as Camiola was leaving the room, and 'made her a low and sort of deprecating, beseeching bow. ' ' Quite the play-actor mood,' Mrs. Pollen said to herself with a misgiving, for she felt sure that utter sincerity would be his best chance with Janette. . .... He came towards Mrs. Pollen, and she received huh with ostentatious . friendliness of ?? manner, for., she knew . that ; everyone would observe them, and she felt that if he was to have a chance at all it must be a. good and full chance.' '*' Your wife is here; go to her and speak to her ; she won't niake a scene. Ask her to let you talk to her in some other room. Do it quietly, and don't be afraid.' Mrs. Pollen said this in a very low tone as she gave him her hand. - What might have happened if he had gone straight to Janette that moment no one can ever know. _ Very likely the child's heart mierht have given way at the sight of him, hei loyer, her husband ; and she might have taken him back to her love and her heart, and all might have been well even then. But no such chance was given hy Walter Fitzurse to himself. He looked to Janette ; she was with her father and mother ; her face in ite present repose looked sad, and thin, and wasted; he was angry with her for look ing unhappy ; he was angry with her because the very «d£htof her made him feel remorseful and ashamed; he was afraid of her and of her father and mother; he . lost , nerve,;h»iost courage, he wasconsdenra-Btricken; and yet his conscience-stricken condition prevented him from doing the one thing which conscience would have 'bidden him to do. He quailed ; he sickened; he was taken with needless demoralising dread of a scene; he hesitated, faltered; and at that .moment of ominous indecision, his eyes rested oh Vinnie Tiamrnas. Then his good genius deserted him once f oralL His memory and mind went back to the days of his love-making with Vinnie Lammas;, he thought of her as the one woman who was not ashamed of him ; the. girl who had been proud of his love and his attentions ; the girl whom he might have married, without sham or pre tence, or pitiful scheming of any kind, and who would nave looked up to him, adored him, worshipped' him, when they wore married. The moment was fatal to him. .Vinnie was seated; there was a vacant place beside her; he sat down and entered into low and rapid talk with her. Jaoettesaw this, and a tremble came over her face. Her mother saw it ; Mrs. Pollen saw it ; Christian Pilgrim saw it. What could have possessed him? Such a thing done just then and there was an insult and an outrage. ' It is all up,' Mrs. Pollen said to herself ; ' he has had his last chance and has thrown it awav. Never again will I help him to regain his wife and his career. He is gone— let him go.' Presently the few who were watching, this little scene saw Vinnie get up hastily and leave her place. So abrupt was her rising that the least observant who had noticed the matter at all must have seen that something had happened. What had happened ? This. Walter, in his almost hys terical mood, had told her that he loved her still and only ; that his life was ruined ; that he had been left by his wife for ever ; that he had in all the world no one but Vinnie to care for him ; that he knew she still did care for him, and he besought her to go away with him to America, where they could begin a new life and be happy together in a re lationship which would be a real marriage— not a false and hollow social sham like that in which he was linked with Janette. Everyone has heard or read this sort of thing ; it might, as Mrs. Pollen once said, have been printed and sold ? as a circular, suitable to such men, and purposes, and ooca- . eions. Then Vinnie got up with flushed checks and chok ing throat, and left him without a word. As she was going out she passed Pilgrim, who came after her and caught her by the arm. ' He has been making love to you ?' were Pilgrim's first words. Don't dare to deny it.' ' Oh, what does it matter what he does ? ' the girl an swered, distractedly. ' He must be going mad, I think — oh, God forgive him ! ' Pilgrim' let her go and turned back into the room, and watched every movement of Walter's with burning eyes. He saw Walter get up and lounge vacuously about the room for a moment or two. Then Walter turned to that end of the room where. Janette had been, and where she was now standing almost alone, her father ami mother having been, drawn into talk with others different ways. Was he going to speak to her? Apparently. Janette looked towards him, and saw bis purpose, perhaps. She turned away, and going to her father put her hand on his arm as if to claim his pro tection, and said a word to him, and they passed out of the room together. Then Walter lingered for a little and spoke to this person and to that ; and then he too left the room, and Pilgrim followed him, keeping him in sight from room to room, from corridor to hall, and so into the grounds and out at the gate. Mrs. Pollen, while chatting incessantly with some of her guests, lost nothing of all this. She knew what was happening, what had happened, as well as if she had heard each, story from the lips of those concerned. She began to look anxiously round ae if seeking someone, and after a moment or two of much mental uneasiness she saw Romont and signalled to him. ' Something has been going on,' she said. ' Sec after Pilgrim ; he has followed that -wretched creature Fitzurse ; there will be a quarrel of some sort ; don't lose a moment; Go.' Romont was not a man to lose a moment. He asked no question, but .weut. Just then Camiola came to Mrs. Pollen. .-??..? ' I have seen to the music-room,' she said; 'every- thing looks as well as could be. I think everything is going xight, in that way.' ' In that way,' Mrs. Pollen answered. 'Yes, in that way. But in other ways, my dear Camiola, I think all is 'Has something happened?' Camiola asked, with sudden vague misgivingand alarm. . ' Something has happened; something is going to happen, I am afraid I have sent Romont to prevent harm if he can.' . ' Oh, why did you send him ? *' : 