THE GOLDEN HOPE : A ItOMANGH OF THE DEEP. n I dreamt a dream that was not all a dream."- BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "A Sua Quhkjj," " Tnn Wbkok op tub GllOSVEHOll," "A SaIIjOH'S Swbkt- llEAUT," lie. (Ths ltiglit of Translation is Reserved.) CHAPTER XXVI.— (Oostisukb.) Tho interior was wnnn, with tlie hot deck overhead nnd internal flavoring of the steam of tea, the curls o£ tobacco smoke, and the mingled aromas of tar, of the secrets of tlie forejicak, of the fumes of tlie oil lamp, and the peculiar marine smell mat is exiuueu through some occult processes by sailor's waterproof clothes. It was symtomatie of the general uneasiness and misgiving felt throughout the schooner at this period of hoi' outward passage that the l'orecnstlc hands should havo talked of tlie island they supposed themselves to he approach ing in such a way as if they could not make up their minds whether to believe in it or not. They luid managed to iind out, to guess perhaps — hut anyway the per ception was decided amongst them — that Captain Weeks was not at all sure that Stone's Island luid an existence ; and now, as they sat in their sea parlor drinking tea und smoking, tlicir conversation took this form : — "Lads," said Goldsmith, slowly pouring some tea out of his hook pot into a pannikin, which he tilted from side to side towards the hatch that lie might see if it was clear of leaves and twigs, "Friday ain't fur off, and if it should come aud not bring tlie liislnnd along with it what's agoin' to happen, does anyone know ?" " Well, as I told ycr," said Johnny, the hoy, who sat smoking on a chest stowed well in the head, and whoso eyes blinked out round and gleaming like an owl's from tbe dusk there, " 1 heerd tlio cap'n himself tell Mr. Stone if the island aren't whore's it's suppoged to he the parson means to keep ail on a sarekiu' for it." " Ay, that's all very well," exclaimed tlie cook ; ' but thank the Lord there's more'n one to every bargain, and if that island ain't where it's said to be thou Micky Aneoil '11 want a word with tho enp'n, if there's to ho auy sarchin', as Johnny calls it." " Ay," growled 'o.ld Breeches, who was sitting under tho hatch, and whose natural sourness of expression took an inimitaGlo character from its peculiar accentuation, by the fluctuating shades and tones of light occasioned by the vessel's movements.' " That's all very well, mate ; but what you've got to consider is, yon signed'- on for a hislund in tins here ocean, and ontil that there island's corned across your bargain ain't fulfilled up." find this view boon applicable only to the cook, its expression would have excited a general laugh, but ns it conocrncd all hands it created a very different emotion, nnd Johnny, Joe Hall and Henry Sawyer stared with faces of real dismay at Breeches. "Yo'ro wrong, Bill," exclaimed tho cook. " The situation of that ijilaud must ha' been knowed afore we started- When we arrive at the part where it's lcnowed to be and it ain't there, tlicu it'll be one or two things for 'this hero child," tapping his hare, mossy hroifst with his fat hand — " either home or tlie reason why we don't." " Well," observed Breeches, who, having delivered himself of a disagreeable opinion, did not think it tlie loss his duty to intensify it because it told as much aguiust himscLf lis the others, " let the island not be where Bill Stone says it is, an yon knock oif, an' sec what the magistrates '11 tell ye if ye havo to go to law for yer wages." " What's the good o' arguing ?" said Duck, lighting a pipe, with an impatient puffing out of tlio tobacco smoke. " It isn't proved yet that Stone's wrong." "All," remarked tho ordinary seaman Hall, speaking with his mouth full ; " ye see, Jim, you wasn't at the holm when the parson roads out the figures and tho mate walks aft; if yer had been, ye'd ha' noticed tho smile the cap'n cast arter him." " What sorter smile ?" grunted Breeches. "What's the word sinnifyin' sneering- like ?" asked Hall. There was a pause and much stolid puffing of tobnccco and mastication of bisonit. " D'ye mean sarcaustic ?" exclaimed Duck. " 1 wur once along with a cap'n us was given to calling the mate by that word when they quarrelled." " Well, if it means snccring-likc, as I say, it's the word," said Hall. " Even," broke in the cook, who had evi dently been turning over points of law in his mind, " if we was bound by the articles to make an island which ain't to he found, I'll venture to say, bard ns tho law is upon sailors, that uothin' onpleasaut could follow the crow's resolve to stop tho sarch on the grounds that the parson's a loonatic and Bill Stone not nlucli belter." " Why," said Breeches slowly, feeling that the others were expecting him to speak, " if yc put it on that ground, Mickey, 1 dunno ns anything onpleasaut ivuuld follow. It's plain enough that we're navigated on what they calls a wision," he continued, con temptuously, " and we're not to know that all the truth there is in Mr Fortes- cue's dream mightn't ho bottled tip in a maii's iieye. Supposin' we don't make tho island, then we've got a right to consider it's a wision too — one of Stone's wisioris, and lie ain't wantin' in tho sort o' piety that suffers from licclu — lialu — cuss the word 1 there's so much slack ill many English tarms that there's no haulin' of it in." He paused that someone might complete tbo word. Nobody volunteering, he pro ceeded : " Or if it aint a what-d'yc-call-it of Stone's, it might he nn inwention reeom- monded to him by tho parson's friends to tell tlio parson, so as he might he persuaded to take a woyage for his health, d'ye see l They know'd one another at ore we sailed, and who's to say what secret Stone keeps hid ? It took liiin and Hiram a long spell afore tellin' us what was the cause of tllis woyage, and can any man here, rccollcctin' of that, say that wc know everything up and down, from cud to end ? " Ho shook his head with a sour grin. " William Breeches hasn't been to sen all his life for nothin'." He added suddenly, " My 'pinion's Micky's. If there's no hislund tho whole woyage is a delusion nnd wo can compel the enpt'n to carry the schooner home." The cook smiled broadly in triumpii. Joliutiy said : " I'm plngucy glial to hear that ; I was plngucy afeard we should have- to keep ullou in this bloomin' ocean." " If ever we get home, it'll he a journey to talk about," exclaimed Goldsmith with nn uneasy ghmcc at the bunk tlmt had been occupied by Wilks, the drowned seaman. " It's not often tlmt tilings come together ns they did yesterday. For my part, it 'ud have pleased me more luid thoy happened earlier than now, with tho island within a short sail — if so he as it's there — and Friday atop of the bilin, to make it iu 1 What does tho cap' u want to go and choose Friday for for malcin' Stone's island '!" " To keep toon to tho woyage, Mart'n, to keep toon to tho woynge," said Breeches, in a voice as hollow as hoarseness would permit it to be. " If the parson's a man able to see a ship wreck 10,000 mile oif in a dream," obsurved Duck, " lie must be a sort o' wizard. And if that's his lay, who's to know what he may take it iuto his head to raise out of the liislnnd I If lie don't litid his gal there he may order old Davy Jones tip and ask ques tions of him. And stand by, Johnny, my lad, if ye goes ashore, for when Davy's done with the parson ho may take a fancy to you." " No fear o' my goin' ashore," responded Johnny, visibly agitated, " S'elp me, I'd chuck myself down the hatchway and break a harm sooner than mouse about where wisions und ghosts bus becu seen and be in tho parson's power." Some laughter followed this, but it was not hard to guess by thu want of heartiness in it that thu boy's remark lmd not struck chords wholly unsympathetic. Anyway, it was plain that iu tho forecastle of the Golden H.ope thu superstitious feelings which had been excited on tlie other side of tlie Cape, but which had been allayed by the representations of Mr. Fortcseue's mo tives and mission by Hiram and Stone, were beginning to creep aud stir again, along with the old doubts as to tho meaning and sanity of tho voyage, now it was understood that the schooner was within three days' sail of the place where the island was affirmed to he. (to he continued.) 