THEATRE ROYAL. Lessie, Mr. Charles Vincent. Acting .Manager Mr. Harwoud. Final Retjhejiext of Mr. J. C. Lambert. When he will make nis last ai pearnnce on any'- stage for ever. Those fr ends who desire to honor Mr. Lambert with their presence on this occasion will please take their places imme diately. The Gentlemen Amateurs have consented to appear on this occasion wit:i Mr. Lambert. This Eoening. Thursday , February 21th, 1S6S, ' . . ' The Performance will commence with the 2nd Act of Brinsley Sheridan's brilliant comedy "THE RIVALS." . Sir Anthony. Absolute - Mr. J. 0 Lambert Characters. by the.Compauy. To be fo-lowed by the 1st Act of Bulwer Lytton's comedy of 1 < v "MONEY." . Sir, John Vesey - - Mr. J. O. Lambert (bis last appearance in that character for over). . Alfred Evelyn - .Mr, Willinm Levey Sir Freuerick Blount Mr. Marcus Clarke : ' stout - Mr. Charles Warner Other Characters by the Amateurs. Trio— "Hark! the Lark at Heaven's Gat-i Sings"— Mr R. htewurt und Misses Docy and Maggie Stewait. To be succeeded by Scenes (including Screen Scene) Iroin Sheridan's Comi-dy, ' THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL " Sir Peter Teazle - - Mr. J. O. Lambert (the last character he will ever act on any Stage). Joseph Surface - Mr. Charles Vincent Lady Teazle - - Miss Cleveland To which will be added the Faroe entitled "THE MODEL HUSBAND," Supported by Mr. H. R. Harvvood and Company. Mr. J. C. Lambert will then lead the confess ion of his faults and bid his friends a final adieu Doors open at 7. Commence at 8 preci ely. PRICES AS USUAL. The following is a copy of his address: "Ladies and Gentlemen I am about to quit this world of mine for ever/to cross the footlights and live" in your world. It is very much the custom on occasions when people are going out of the world to make a full confession of all their sins, and I will acknowledge the excellence of the custom by adopting it, so" that you ehjvll not say that. I gave up the ghost without recounting the many sins of which I have been guilty, both since I came among you, and many years before that time." "These as you may suppose were very numerous, for they have been ' going on without intermission these two and forty years. I will begin- with the worst offences, and admit I have committed murder — In the early part of my career especially, I ac knowledge to have murdered several — parts, with which I was eutrusted, but of late years I hope I have been, less guilty in this respect, and that the shades of Shakespeare, Ben Johnson, Congreve, Otway, Massinger, Rowe, and Sheridan have been appeased, I trust by my having imparted a little life to some of their creations," "1 have committed bigamy so often that I cannot recount the number of instances. I have married more wives than Brighain Young, so that it is not surprising if I should number my- sons aud daughters by scores if not hun dreds. Some of them, I grieve to say, I have treated with great cruelty, turning them out of doors to beg or starve, cutting them off with a shilling, forcing them into mercenary marriages, aud otherwise provoking them to des perate measures." "In connection with these wicked proceedings I have used the most' violent language to my offspring, but / , many times when in the very onslaught , of' my' furious denunciations I have, relented and only uttered half a curse. ' At this moment, if I had: not great ; strength of mind I should be over whelmed with remorse at the conse quences of my severity." "I have to deplore the: necessity of frequently numbering among my acquaintances, and even among my friends, some very incorrigible scoun-- . drels; b,ut I beg you will - place in juxtaposition with this fact, the cir-- cumstance of having also been on intimate terms with many kind hearted persons of every degree : of society. Indeed, 1 may here remark, that in respect to social position, my friends and acquaintances have been of ' the highest and .lowest rank, with every intermediate grade, and that their dispositions, have varied as infinitely as their social position." "My own predilections have been ' in like mariner fluctuating. At one time I have been so miserly that I have denied myself the common and most absolute necessaries ; at others felt myself prompted bv generous impulses so. strong that I have had no hesitation in giv-ing away large sums of money, vast estates, priceless jew-, els, and even crowns and kingdoms." "I confess, however, these, gifts have been bestowed with but an in discriminate hand, and that undeserv ing men have profited by my promis cuous liberality." ""Like all other members of my profession/I have lived a double life, and it is . only in one of mine, the great ..crimes I have enumerated and . ac knowledged hav.ebeeneommitted. My serious vices, I trust, have all been committed this side of the footlights." . 1 Bub in the world where in future I am. going to dwell, I, trust you will credit me with having doue'my duty, as a good citizen, and that when in a few days I step on board the vessel which will bear me from this bright and. beautiful country, I shall carry with trie Your good wishes and your kiudly esteem." "Permit, me a parting word about my brother managers, w.th whom for the last .twelve months I have been intimately associated. I never thought to have drifted intomanagementagain, but there were such pressing reasons why this fine theatre should not be allowed to lose / vestige, and why it sliould.uot fall into incompetent hands 'that T Consented to become one of the co-partnerships by which its affairs have' been lately administered." '- ' '-I -appeal- to -you- to say whether we. have managed the Theatre Royal' Satisfactorily and whether we have not fulfilled the promises made at the beginning of our career. Although we have not obtained a wonderful- pecuniary success, I can but think that we have given our patrons fair value for their money, and I am happy tc think at this momenh that the repu tation, and popularity of . the Theatre " Royal are as good as they have at any time been since it was opened nearly fifteen years ago. Let me ask you to continue your support to the mana gerial firm as it . now exists— at least an equal measure of support. Its members are well known to you, and are, I am sure, greatly respected." ( To be Continued ). 