CAPITAL WINE. Br Huon CONWAY. "Capital wine, John," I said, holding the glass between the lamp and myceyes, and admiring thle rich, ruby tint. "Capital, isn't itP?" replied John, cuddling his glass in the palm of his hand in order to warm the wine and fully bring out its bouquet and flavour. Wb had just finished the sort of dinner I consider perfection for two persons. A drop of clear soup, a sole, and a brace of woodcocks. That is, to my mind, as nico a dinner as can be devised, and one which, having eaten, you have no occasion to reproach yourself with high feeding or gluttony. Others may devour hugo outes from sirloin, leg, or saddle, but I am always contented with a humble msbu like the above. "Thirty-four, of course," I said, after tasting the port again. Jolhn nodded, and continued nursing his glass. " Where did you buy it, John ? " I on quired. "Didn't buy it," replied John. "You can't buy such wine as tlat now." "A gift from a grateful client, I pro sume," I said, re-flling my glass. " Not a bit of it, clients ain't so generous now-a-days. If we can got our costs we are content." "r Well, how did you get iT ?" "Stole it," replied John, shortly. "What do you mean ?" "I mean I stole that wine as much as ever a thief stole a watch. I planned, plotted, and at last succeeded in oeffecting the theft. You would have done thosame, would you not ?" "I don't know. It depends upon the risk of conviction and imprisonment. But tell me all about it." John placedall the bottles fairly between us, and began:- "tYou know my old uncle, William Slagg -at any rate you have heard of him. Well, he made a good bit of money dry salting, and, what is more, made it when he was a youngish man. He must have beeon well brought up, or mixed withl theo right sort of eoplo, for he developed a wonderful taste for wine, and, instead of doing what lots of people do now, more shame to them-send out to their grocers for half-a-dozen as they want it-used to buy a pipe or a butt at a time and lay it down. HIoreaped the reward of his sen sible conduct, for when he retired from drysalting he found himself with a collar not only amply stocked, but without a drop of bad wine in it. So he settled down to live comfortably on his invest monte, and to drink his wine in peace. "Poor old boy! It was beautiful to see him and amusing to hear him with the deo cantor in front of him. He knew the his tory of each wine he gave you, and nearly all had a tendor reminiscence for him. He would sip a drop of sherry, and look across at me, and say: 'I call this more than wino,.John, It is a poem; something to enjoy and think over.' Then he would turn to the port. 'I bought that pipe, Jolin, when I made a wonderful hit in tal low'; or ' That clarot; John, I laid down whbn logwood went up to such a prioe,' and so on. " The old man was by no means a wino bibber, but he would take his four or five glasses after dinner, and enjoy thom. lie suffered a little from gout before he died, but not more than many elderly gentlemen with rubicund faces. Ho lived a good mony years enjoying the fruit of hias labours and the juice m his collars, and at . last slipped away quietly and peacefully. His last words were to me,- "' Give them the '47 and the green seal sherry at the funeral, John. There's more body, more solemnity in those win?e than some of the others.' "And then old William Slagg went off, and I have no doubt is now the best judge of nectar in the upper regions. "Ho leftmohis exeutor, and I am happy to. say, the reversion of a oonsidorable sum when his widow dice. " But it was not withont a feeling o disappointment I foundall the contents o his house, inoluding the collar of wines were hers absolutely. "It seemed absurd for a splendid lot of wines like that to belong to a woman who would be utterly unable to appreciat them, and whose idoeas of wine were bounded, after the manner of womankind, by sweet champagne on one side and family port on the other, I had never expected to be left so much money, bu: had always cherished the hope that Uncle S lhagg, who had greatly approved of the way in which I had disoused his liquor, would have left me those wines. "However, I thopught very likely the widow would prefer a good sum of money to the full bins, so I intended to offer to buy them after a dooeent interval. " lily Aunt Slagg has very different idlas to ,those of her late and lamented hnsband. I remember her, however, as a sensible woman, and having a good oyo to the main chance. She had been a capital wife to William Slagg, but; .about a twelvemonth before his death, she had at tended some revival meeting-alovo-fceast, or something of that sort-and been con verted. I can't toll, of course, but I feel sure that nothing can be more annoying 8p an ordinary man than to findthe wife of his bosom-who has jogged along with him very comfortably in a give-and-taks style for many yoars--snuddonly turn round and lecture him upon his amiable little weak nooses. "I am convinced tho shook of heor con Tersion hastenod poor old William's death. He had boon so accustomed to look upon *fnimking good wino as the duty. of a Curistian, that when his wifo made a now departure, and became a rabid teetotaller, the thing waa too much for him, and he died trying to solve the problem. She would. quoto Sir Wilfred Lawson, Dr. 'Richardson, and other authorities, all diimnner 'time, and, when the decanters were placed upon the table, walk away with a book of chastened sorrow upon her, face. Nothing, of course, could wean Uncle Slagg from his winepots, as sho called his little weakness, but I ]know aftoi tirades the liquor had lost s6irio of its flavour for him, and did not taste the same as in the old days before her awakoning~ when she would fill his glass, and evoen press him to take an extra one for the sake of his health. I wonder he did not alter his will, and, no. doubt he would, had he known to what lengths her fanaticism wouldloead her. "I managed, by pailfu tactics, to keep on pretty good'terms with the old lady. I took the temperance tnots with which she bristled, and led her to understand that, if I could.not.niakoe up my mind to take the pledge at once, it was a good deal out of consideration for her husband's feelings, and.l. Insight do so some day. She looked upon me as a· weak vessel, but had great hopes that I might eventually be strong enougl, to hold the. gift of grace, as. she rather: curiously torined it. Afft;e William Slagg's death I had, in any pbsition as executor, a lot of. business totransact with her, and forsome weeks saw hernearly every day. I thought the time was coming when I might broach the subject of the cellar to her, and as I was ?alking to the house one afternoon, determined to sound hoerupon it. I rang and knocked for some minutes, but could ot no answer tomy summons. They are all upstairs, I thought, and can't hear me: Then I remembered that the day before, after going through a lot of papers of my uncle's, I had looked the drawers and put the keys in my pocketa. His latchkeoy wvas amongst them, and I took the liberty of enenine the door with it. >'AsI entered the house I smelt a very peculiar smellproceeding from the kitchen. It was the odour of wine and very strong. Theymust have broken a bottle carrying it.up, I thought. Perhaps, after all, the old lady is not so strict a teetotaller when alone, and I laughed at the idea, little dreaming from whence the smell came. I could find no one in any of thoe sitting rooms, and as I heard persons moving in the basement, proceeded there. My aunt, hearing my step on the stairs, ran to the kitchen door to see who it was, I noticed she appeared vexed as sho met me. "'In am particularly engaged this after noon, John, and can't speak to you now, she said. " As she spoke Inoticed the smell of the wine was almost overpowering, and I won dered what she was doing. "She had some old gown on, and tlhat covered with a rough, white apron, appa~ rently soaked with some coloured fluid. She was dusty, dirty, untidy, and heated, and I noticed blood flowing from a cut on her hand. What extraordinary household exploit could she be engaged in ? "When a lady tells you decidedly she can't stop to talk to you, and when she appears up to her eyes in cleaning the house or something of that sort, the next thing to do is to make yourself scarce; so I apologised for my intrusion and pro mised to call again to-morrow. ih 1ut what a strong smell of wine, aunt!' Isaid. 'Don't younoticeit'P' " My servants Iave just broken a bottle or two,' she replied, looking rather em barrassed. ' Good-bye, John, shut the door after you.' "'Good-bye,' I said, and retracedmy steps, " As I wont up tnose dark kitchen stairs, a sudden thought struck me. Ahd yet it seemed so wild and absurd that I laughed at the idea. But before Ihad reached the op it had taken full possesion of me, and I felt cold and palo with dread. I could not boar the uncertainty, and do tcrmined to ascertain at any risk if my Buspicions were correct. Instead, there fore, of shutting the door fromthe outside, I shut it with a good bang from the inside, and waited, scarcely breathing, at the top of the stairs. After a minutes' listening, my cars caught a crash of glass, and then a rich gurgle of fluid that sent a thrill of horror through my heart. Another crash, another gurglo, and then another and another, and even that strange scent of wine stronger and stronger. It must be as I thought, so I crept like a cat down the stairs once more, and gently opened the kitchen door. No one was there, but I heard another crash and my aunt's voice exclaim, in a tone of exalted fervour: "' Glory-Alleluia-another bait taken from Satan's trap!' "I passed across the kitchen and looked through the door of the scullery, and there I saw my aunt and one of her red cheeked servant wenches busily engaged in knocking the necks off the cobwebbed bottles, and-oh, desecration!-pouring their priceless contents amid potato parings, soapsuds, and beastlinesses of that sort down the sink to gladden the hearts of the rats in the main sewer. " For a few moments, I was so taken aback I could not speak or. move. It seemed like a ghastly dream. Yet it was real, and I could see anexalted look in my aunt's face, and as I. heard her exclaim with each cruel decapitation, 'another bait snatched from Satan!' I knew the poor woman was in earnest in.herconvic tion, and imagined she was doing right. As I looked at this strange scene, think ing what course to take, an exclamation behind me made me turn, and I saw in the kitchen the other red-cheeked servant girl, bearing on her muscular arm a bottle basket holding a dozen of wine .she had evidently brought up from the cellar for the purpose of immola tion. 0, William SIagg, you must have turned in your grave ! If I luhad ever believed in ghosts, this work would have banished my belief, for if anything could shave brought a ghost back to earth, the sacrifice going on would have brought yours back. The basket contained the very particular, the joy of your heart, the wine that only came forth on the most important occasions, the very opening of which was a religious .ceremony, and fervent prayers wont up over each bottle that the cork may have withstood the ravages of years and the wine be still sound! And now - : "~ Even if the servant had not discovered me, I should have interfered then, so I stepped boldly forward into the snullery and confronted the heartless executioners. The servant, looking sheepish and ashamed, put down the bottle, the neck of which was just approaching the edgeof the stone sink. My aunt with the con sciousness of rectitude, mont my gaze a"''hnk heaven I returned,' I said. SWhat does this mean P' " ean, John! Only that I am doing my duty.' "' Doing your duty in pouring the finest collar of. wine in London down a. common sink .' S"'You know my views, John. I say, touch not, taste not, handle not." "She has booeen touching and handling with a vengeance, I thought, but I kept myy temper, and said . But if you won't drink it, 'why not sell it and giveo the proceeds to the poor, if you like?" i "'No, John, I have considered the sub. ject fully. My duty is to pour it down there. If I sell it-if I give lt away Bomcone will drink, and every drop of wine that passes down a man's throat helps to float him to perdition.' "Her imagery was strangeo, but her mind was made up, so aofter a pause I said: "' Come upstairs and talk with me. Tell your servants to stop for a bit.' "She followed me, saying, ' It's no good talking, John. My mind is made sip,, * "Icast about for a way to move her, and at last decided on a bold course S"We seated ourselves in the dining room, near that polished mahogany board in which poor old Uncle Slngg loved to soee the crystaldecanters mirrored.' " Then I commenced gravely "'My dear aunt, you will understand that from motives of.prudence I could not speak before your servants as I can now. Of course I do not dispute your right to do what you like with your own, but I am suro you cannot be aware of the penalties you are inourring in this wholesale des tructionof ferniehted liqiors.'. S"'H ow do you mean?' 'shisaid, starstled. "'I mean,' I replied, in the most solemn accents, 'that you are defrauding the excise, and are liabld to heavy fine, and, I bolieve,imprisonment.' " 'But the wine is. myown, she argued. "'Precisely; so is this sovereign.mine, but were I to clip, debase, or destroy it, I lay myself open. to legal proceedings and punishment. Wine has paid duty, and is protected 'in the same manner as this sovereign.' H"' Hov unjust,' she said. "'It may be so, but it is the law. MIore over, the informer gets a good share of the fle, so see how you place-yourself in your servants' power, and what tomptation you expose them to.' " 'IBat I will go to.prion and glory in k~ martyrdom,' sli. said, withan angelic look. "'Excuse ino, my dear aunt, butI kcnnot afford to go to-prison, and as I am the executor and responsible for overy thing, I should share your fate.. It may seem selfish, - but I must 'graid agamnst this. I shall therefore ask you to give me the key of the cellar; allow me to seal up e door, and I promise-you, at the ex iration of a twelvemonth, when I give you legal possession of everything here and take your'discharge, I will return the key, and yon must then please yourself.' "Now, I well know how frightened women are at the idea of coming into collision with the law, so, although the poenalties I threatoneod her- with were im probable and absurd, they set her think ing, and I awaited her answer hopefully. I added, :though, as a make-weight: "'how terriblv vexed poor uncle would hv been h ]ad I h seen yo"u ,o\\-rr" "'I believe, John, that in the place my dear husband now is he fully realises the erros of his life, and could he look down'-or up, I thought--'~he would be pleased to see my a?ctions.' "Ithoughdt of the poor old follow as I last saw hin aotho toable,!andsmiled at the idea, but was too wise to contradict her. After a pause, she said: "'Well, John, you have behoon very kind and attentive, and I shlould notlike you to get into trouble, so I will do as you wish. But ??nd, at thQe p4j of twelve months, nothing shall stop me throwing ?ll tlhe wine away.' " I saw the basket of the ' very par ticular' safely restored to its snug bin. I locked the door, affixed my seal to it, and carried the key away; rejoicingthat I had arrived in time to save the wine. "1But my task was not half over. I knew my aunt so well, and felt sure she would carry out her threat at thie expiri.tion of the time named, so I wove a plot to obtain absolute possession of the wine, without putting her in a madhouse, or even for feiting her goodwill, or any chance legacy. "I said not another word about the cellar, but, when the summer came, per nsuaded her to go away to the seaside for a short time. With all her magnificent conduct as to wasting alcoholic treasures, she was rather near and said she could not afford it. She would like to go for a month or two, but found the expenses of her present house too great. I suggested letting it furnished for thei time to a respectable tenant. She fell in witlh this suggestion, and when, through the house-agent, my friend Tom Sinclair offered to take thie house at a handsome sum per week, and brought her unexceptional references, the matter was settled. Tom saidhe hadhis own servants, so she sent hers away on board wages. On the evening of the day she left I met Tom by appointment at the house. His servants weore all a myth, 'and'there was no one to interfere with us. We broke the seal and opened the door, and found in the cellar, which had been excavated and enlarged bymy old uncle's directions, at least five hundred dozens of wine, sleeping in beauti fully-arranged bins,peacefullyandhappily, little dreaming how 7iarrowly they had escaped total doestruotion. 'I determined to act with great can tion. We had plenty of time before us, and I felt, to escape detection, the cellar must be left as we found it. I made an exact plan of it, marking the contents of the bins, and the number of bottles in each, and also noting the appearance, as well as I could. And then Tom, commis sioned by me, went round to auctioneers and wine merchants, buying as cheaply as he could all the refuse he could find, sour claret, fetid sherry, and fusty port formed the staple of his purchases. He was a perfect godsend to the lucky trades odn he patronised, and if they over ima gined he was going to drink his purchases, all who sold him winmo were equally guilty of'manslaughter. We had it packed and sent to Tom's warehouse, and in two or three journeys hauled it to my aunt's, and stowed it in the basement. The house was in a quiet neighbourhood, and stood in a garden, so woe ran little risk of detection. And then otir work began. We were a month at it off and on, and I assure you the labour. was so hard that only the thought of the rich reward enabled me to go through with it. We trusted no one, but did everything ourselves. We took the bins regularly, emptied them of their contents, unpacked a sufficient quantity of our dreadful purchases to replace them, and, having done that, filled the empty cases with the real Simon Pure, labelled each with the particulars, and nailed them down. In about a month our work was complete, and the 500 and odd dozens of the old man's cherished wine lay ready packed for removal, whilst, through' our carefulness, the cellar presented an appearance very much the same as it did beforec we commenced our meritorious task. The risk of detection was rendered less from my uncle hav ing followed the old-fashioned plan of filling the bins with sawdust. This, vwhich was old and dirty, we carefully re placed, and, re-looking and re-staling the door, after packing the last case, executed a dance of triumph at the success of our plot so far, and fully trusted to our cleverness in completely deceiving the old lady. In the dusk of the evening we sent two large waggons to the house, and by 12 o'clock that night the rescued treasures were safe in Tom's warehouse, under lock and key. Of course our operations had lift the basement of inmy aunt's house in a terrible litter, so we devoted another week to putting all that straight; This being dbne to our satisfaction, Tom wrote to Mrs. Slagg, and enclosed a cheque for two niontlh' rent, saying that, hisplans being changed, he intended to leave the house at once. The old lady, who had grown tired of the seaside, came back, and, although muchdisgustedat thedusty state she found the huseo un, and voung nothing should induce her to let it agapi, never showed the slightest suspioeon of what had transpired during her absence. S"Now that I was happy as to the wines, I waited with great curiositytoseeswhether, at the expiration of the time'of probation, she would carry out her intentions. I found she was as firmly resolved as evei·, and as I wished tose the end of the asiho after handing her the key, with a feigned protest, I told her I had almost persuaded myself with her ideas, she could not do otherwise,, and offered to give her any assistance I could in. the good work. Almost inctredulous, she accepted my aid, and a good work it was to pour the filthy contents of those bottles down the kitchen sink. Faugh it neaorly made us all sick; but I know my assistance on that occasion secured me a goodly legacy, as she altered her will in my favour the next day. "The cream of the joke was that, as the servant girl brought up a basket full of the noxious compounds and reported that this was the very last, my aunt hesitated for a few minutes, 'and, as perhaps some tender recollections of her late husband presented-themselves, said-to me: i "'"John, if you would liko to take this last dozen, for your poor uncle's sake, you can. I.ought to do away with all,I know, but one dozen is very little from the large quantity I have sacrificed. .So take itif you wish.' i" I trembled at the idea, and answered as one whc overcomes a severe temptation: S"' My dear aunt, don't let any inclina tjon of. mine lead you from what you 'consider your duty. No doubt I shall be bhtter without it, so let it follow ther~et.' ! "She gave me a grateful smile, and the last dozen of William Slagg's supposed wine gurgled down the sink, and my aunt cleaned herself from the stains of the sharifice, and went to a prayer meeting radiant and happy.. She, no. doubt, eo pects her reward hereafter, and doubtless she will receive it, for if over a good act was donsein. this world; she did one when shepoured away that 500 dozen of horrible • stuff called wine." i John, having finished his tale, took a bright little 'key from .his pocket, and iose. S'"Iasuppose yo'tr friend Sinolair claimed some of the spoil ?" I aslced. i "0 yes, the wretch --Wanted ahundred and fifty dozen, but I managed to com pound lfor about half ,that quantity. So my:cellarnof wine was cheap after all, and. I: can well spare 'that othor bottle I am. iow'going to fetch."-Otago Witness. 