AUSTRALIAN TALES AND ADVENTURES. No. ß N E L L B R Y G E. . BX HOBT,, P., WUITWOnTH. " You notioed that tall, handsome woman I callod your attention to in the .asyluin to day ? • queried my friend Dr, Macintosh, as we sat in his oozy dining-room one day, smoking the post prandial cigar over a (¡lass of generouB wine. By the way my friend is (amouB for his oollar, and deservedly so, as I have reason to know. I bad that day visited the Dunedin Lunatic Asylum with him, and he had whispered me to observe one of the patients, whioh I had accordingly done without attracting her notice. She was a young woman, not moro than twenty- five or six 1 eliould say, and had that in her appearane whioh struok me as 'being extremely remarkable, Sho was, as the dootor said, "tall and handsome," very handsome, Bingularly beautiful I_ Bhould have expressed it, but with a weird kind of beauty that almost oreatod a painful sensa tion . Her hair and eyes were dark, and the latter large and lustrous, but with that weary, vaoant, far away look, that tells so surely either of aome great unforgotten trouble, or more pitiful still. ol a wrecked mind. Sue Bat quite still, speaking to no one, noticing no one. Still and motionlesB, except for a nervous play of the hands, a kind of ceaseless, and to me, unmeaning in tertwining of the fingers, oeaseloBs, at all events ao long as I saw her. I replied that I had remarked her, and was greatly struok with her appearance. "Poor creature," said my friend gently, " she is alwavs like that, perfeotly quiet, and yet absolutely, hopelesslv mad. Her's is a sad, very gad story, should you like to hear it?" "I should of all things," I replied, and then I learnt tho story of Nell Bryoo. II Six years ago," Baid the dootor, " there wasn't «man, woman, nor child for twenty miles round 'Falmeraton who didn't know, or who, at all events, hadn't heard of, Nell Bryoe, She was the daughtor of Dan Bryae, a well to do settler living on his extensive farm between Palmerston and Moeraki, and was unquestionably the belle of that part of New Zealand, not only on aooount of her re markable beauty, but also of her wit, spright* linens, grace, and good nature. Not a young fellow all over the country Bide but would, so to speak, have gone through fire and water to win A smile from her, while to enjoy the favor of her hand in a danoe was felicity indeed. It needs hardly be said that she was in great request at all the little feasts and merry makings in the distriot, and, in faot, no ball or party, wedding, or christening was looked upon as very much, unless Nell—everybody oalled her Nell—Bryoe was present, and the happy swain who, for the time, aoted as her esquire, was as cordially envied as he was hated by his less fortunate rivals. Light-hearted, full of girlish fun, quiok at repartee, sauoy, somewhat coquettish even, as she was, there was another and deeper aide to her oharaoter, unknown, perhaps, to herself, a latent strength of will and fixity of purpose, whioh it only needed oiroum ■tances to devclope. There is no doubt that Bhe might have pioked andohosen at will for a lover, had she ao ohosen, amongst tho beat and wealthiest young fellows far and near, but she laughed at them all, and so far was, as the saying goes, "fanoy free." Of oourse she had lovers, or would-be lovers, by the soore, with whom she danoed, sang, drove, rode, and flirted genorally, but when it oam¿ to real, right down love making in earnest, she would none of them, packed them off incontinently, one after the other, with a flea in their ear. Bui the pltoher that goea too often to the well is sure to get broken. A handsome young fellow .named David Gameron, the son of a farmer on the Waikouaiti Downs, was notioed to be mbre specially favored than tho rest of her suitors,' and, In short; ere long, he was acknowledged as her aooepted lover. Bat ' there were complications. Old Dan Bryoe her father, who had allowed her to have her own way in most things, had some notions which were not altogether peculiar. He was % fairly wealthy man, while the Camerona were not by any means wealthy, Then again, old Cameron, though poor, was as proud as Luoifor, and was not inclined to sanction a marriage in whioh, as he nut it, " thé laddie oanna bring maut for the lasiie'a meal." Old Dra Bryoe flew into « moil nnoon* solonable passfca when the thing wMjjinted at. "Aveooree, Aileen, my lady," » ve'11 do jist a« ye loike, yez always do, but nivar will ye cet my eonsint, nor a farden of S «*íUbBt ou;dKeb nácar cats down pound for pound wid me. that" the price of Daniel Bryce; more betoken that's poethry, and so there ye have both rhyme and razon." Now neither Nell nor David were exaotly fools, and although love in a .oottage isall very pretty in your schoolgirl romanoes, Btill the hard practioal reality ia' •noth" matter, and they both knew that well enough. And young Cameron was an honor able fellow, who oould not bear to think of dragging down a wife, and euch a wife, to ft life of poverty and domeetio drudgery. They muBt wait for better daya. the diggings on the Arrow and the Shotover, where men were pioking up gold galore, ana after a time, when he had made a pue, would return again and claim her for his bonnio I briThe old, old, story. They plighted their i troth, swore vows of eternal fidelity, and parted. That is the end of many stoneB, but not of mine. . . , , I Time went on. Nell heard from her lover ' now and again. He was on the Oardrona doing well, making money faBt. So he said, ' and it was true. He and hiB mates had 1 struok rieh gold, and in a little while, a few 1 months perhBpB, he would oome baok to her ■ he loved so truly. I This episode In her life was a sealed book i between her and her father, lie might have suspected, but he said nothing, nor did I Tima still wont on, and he was still doing welt. He would start baok in two months he wrote, in a month, in a week. Oh, blissful news. His share oame to. something over I £2000, most of it he had in oash, some in gold. He would start in three days, he would be with her in a week. In a week. In sevon days. How those days lagged. Would the week never be over ? Alas I alas I Better for her if it never had. I The road, or rather track, for made road there was none, from the Oardrona was up. the riveras far as Boundary Greek, then over the range and down the ICirtle Burn to the ¡ coach road which runs through the dark rooky defile known as the Kawareu Gorge, a defile oelebrated for the wild savagery of its soenery even in that land of mountain and of flood, of gloomy pass and rooky fastness. From the Oardrona, under Cruffel Peak, David Cameron, bidding farewell to his mates, started. The track, hard to find, and harder to keep, had no terror for him, for in his belt he bore the wealth he hBd striven bo hard to attain, in his heart he oarried the pioture of the fair faoo waiting for him in the South, and the dismal purple gray of the stark mountains round htm was rose-tinted by tha sun of hope and love that illuminated his desolate path. He started, elate with joy and bright an tioipation of haloyon daya to'oome, and was heard of no more until— The week passed, weeks passed, and he made no sign. The Bun roBe and the sun fet.tha moon waxed and the moon waned, and he was yet missing, and hope, long de ferred, faded out of the heart of the weary, weary watoher, and as it did, so faded the light out of her eyes. Hope after hopeless hope, then uncer tainty, thon fear. And still no word. At last news oame, terrible news. A party of diggers bound for the Oardrona,had missed the traok, and at the foot of ft huge rook abutting on the Kirtle-burn had oome on the remains of a murdered man, evidently mur dered, for plain to be seen in the forehead of the bieaohed skull, were two olearly defined bullet holes. His clothing, torn by the hawks and keas, was in rags, and there was no sign of money or other valuables on bis person. The coroner oame up from Cromwell, due enquiries were made, and ft verdiot " ft man believed to be David Cameron found murdtred by sime person or persons unknown" re corded, and the poor remainB were interred in the wilderness where they had. been found. The polioe were Bot at work to disoover the murderers, but with no avail. Perhaps they did not trouble themselves in the matter ove» rauoh, and bo the thing died out. The bodies of diggers found dead in the bush were not so nnoommon as to oréate mora than a nine day's wonder. And so the thing died out, and Nell Bryce, the bright, sparkling,light- hearted'NellBryoe, was left with a shadow, the dark shadow of ft widowed love, on her life. For ■ time she was as one stupefied. She went to and fro listlessly, so performed the household duties on her father's farm almost unoonsoiously, she lived, but, as it were, in a dream. Then aame the awakening, the bitter awftk ening to the full extent of her bereavement, and with it the roaotion. It was as if his blood were crying to her from the ground. Her brow grew stern, her supple mouth hard, her bright eye wild and haggard. She had but one thought, and on it sha brooded day and night. Revenge I Revenge I on those who had slain her beloved. She had read of murderers, impelled, perhapB, by some stern Nemesis, who oould not but visit' and revisit the soene of their orime, and a strange whim, a wild, mad idea it you will, took possession of her. She, where the polioe t had failed, would trace the matter out, and where so likely as in the neighborhood of the murder. One day she was missing from her father's house. She had taken the down ooaoh for. Dunedin, and left a letter for her father in forming him that she had gone away for a month or two, and praying him neither to seek nor enquire for her. From Dunedin she took the ooaoh by Tuapeka and the Olutha to the Clyde and Cromwell, and, bo far, all traoe of her was lost. And now aame her self- imposed task. Two days after her arrival in Cromwell, the Sieenstown ooaoh set down at tho hotel near a Roaring Meg in the Kawarau gorge, a dark-haired, dark-eyed girl or woman, who had answered a standing advertisement in the looal papers (for servant girls were hard to get in those days) for a barmaid, and bad been aooepted. It was nú sinecure, this plaoe of hers, for the house, on the main road to and from the: Wakatipu gold-fields, was mainly kept going by the numerous diggers passing to and tro, and, many of them, " knooking down " as is, or was, the wont of their tribe, their hardly, won wealth. In her the landlord and landlady soon found they had a treasure, for Mary Joyoe— bo she had named herself—while willing and obliging to tha rough oustomers, knew how to hold her own, and had ft way with her that kept even the rowdiest digger« at a dis* tanoe. She was quiet,reserved, but invariably civil and obliging. Yet there was something about this pale, silent girl that nobody oould make out. Sha waa ever watohful, ever observant, aver teamed to be expeotant of something that neyet oame. And so the days melted into weeks. Of all the visitors to the hotpl there was one who eeëmod to puzsle her.' He was a tall, cadaverous, ill-looking, meanly-drcBsed fellow, who used to hang about the plaoe for two or three days at a stretoh, then go away for a time, and return again to hang about as before. He seemed, like her, to be expeoting some one who never oame. On him she kept, for some reason she oould not explain to nerself,a oonstantand wary eye, watohing his inooming and outgoing, those ho asBooi ated with, and listening, when she oould without being observed, to his conversation. Bat all to no purpose. She had learnt, oould learn,nothing. Absolutely nothing, Patienoe, patienoe, weary heart. The end would eomr, did oome, end in this wise. One afternoon, this man, whom they called Joe the hatter, was standing at the door, lounging lazily against tbo jamb, smoking, fibs wfttohing him &s; ubuäI» when aha saw him suddenly start, flush np, and turn into the bar-room. Presently a stout. i isb, red-whiskered man entered from the road, and throwing down a pound note, loudly da olared his intention ot shooting for all hands, some six or seven men who were drinking at the bar. She quietly served the drinks, keep ing her attention fixed on the two the ¡ W*Bhe saw the tall man had paled, and that : his hands and lips were trembling nervously. I The new-eomer, who was somewhat the worse 1 for liquor, was very noisy, and was boister ' ouily calling for more drink, which the land lord, who had oome in, was only too ready to ' serve. , ...... . I Then the tall man, who had sidled up to the stranger suddenly took the opportunity i ot whispering something into his ear, some I thing whioh apparently had the efleot of sobering him at once, for he too turned pale and staggered as if he had been struok. " What d'ye mean," be shouted savagely, " and who are you, anyhow ?" " Oome outside and I'll tell you. 1 va something for your private ear only," said 1 Joe the hatter significantly,and with a sinister ! glanoe into the other's eyes. He could not meet the look. He was evi dently cowed. .... "Excuse me for a minute, mateB," he said, with forced hilarity, " this man has a ' little business with me. Fill 'em up Bgain, j Boss ; I'll be baok presently," and the two .. went out. What meant this fluttering at the girl's heart ? Had the end come ? Intuitively Bhe felt it had. Was she ready ? j Excusing herself to her employer, she flew ' to her room, unlookea her box, and took something from it, thon stealthily left the j house the baok way. Concealing herself as well as she nould, she orossed the yard toward the stable, where she conjeotured the men had gone. She was right. They were there, and oonversing in a low tone. She stole noise lessly round to the door, where, herself un. ■een, she could hear every word. I " It's no use your denying it," the rasping voice ot Joe tho Hatter was saying, " I know you. Med Peters, if that's your real name. I saw you do it. I saw you shoot down David Cameron as plain as I see you now. Two ehots you fired, one from behind the rock, and one when be was down, to make sure. I ■aw you take bis belt, and drag him off the traok behind that big boulder in the creek. I'd have taokled you there and then, but yon were armed, and I wasn't, and I reokon you'd have shot me too. Do you deny it ?" "I oan't deny it. You're too strong for me. I did kill David Gameron, and noir what—Ha 1" I What was iÇ? A vision of a girl's white faoe, a sharp report, a whiff of pungent smoke, a ory of " Blood for blood," and the murderer fell on his face, dead. A rush of feet, pale, frightened men look« lag in over the threshold at the prone body, and, standing over it, motionless as a statue, a tall girl in blaok, her teeth set, her eyee gleaming with a strange light, one hand , clenched, and in the other a still smoking I pistol. i They spoke to her, but aho did not answer, j They touched her, but she did not more. ■ Nell Bryce was mad." No one who has looked into life with honeBt eyes can have failed to disoover thai it derives untold values from the love whioh weloomes its dawn, attends its growth, and advanoes step by step and soothes and cheers its old age. Human love is itself a pearl of I great priee. How it enlarges, enriches, and I ennobles life I What benefioent ministries it oonduotsl What patient heroism and severe self-suppression it inspires! In a , mother it is faith, and hope, and patienoe, j and effort, and viotory. In young hearts it is a transforming gladness, an awakening to the responsibility and the rapture of life. In manhood and womanhood it is the balm of oare, a refuge in temptation, and a souroe of eerenity. I have been more and more eonvinoed, the more I think of it, that in general pride ia at the bottom ot all great mistakes. All the other passions do oeoasional good ; but whenever pride puts in its word, every« thing goes wrong; and what it might really be desirable to do quietly and in nooently, it is morally dangerous to do proudly. A man may be a miser of his wealth; he may tie up his talent in a napkin ; he may bug himself in his reputation; but he is always generous in his love. Love cannot stay at home ; a man oannot keep it to himself. Like lightning, it is constantly travelling. A man must Bpend it, must give it. away. -.The time for reasoning is before we ap proach near enough to the forbidded frnit to look and admire it. I midnight. AU sounds are hushed, save for the fretful chirp 1 01 some young bird, too orowded in its ■ nest; . , The very air is still, the tired leaves droop— And each wild thing is, steeped in perfeot rest.' Afar, I see the. towerirg'village spire Sharply defined against the midnight sky, Whilp, stnrtlingly, twelve solemn strokes, and ■ slow, IVoolaim the hour ot dread and mystery. Am I, alas I the only waking thing— „ Goaded by thoughts too desperate for sleep ? Not even a ghost to keep me company, In this stern vigil I am forced to keep I We are alone, my soul, with our despair, And you may tell me all the truths yoa will No.sophistries of laughing, bustling day Can stand between us, now the world ia still. . But Wait—was I to blame? When olronm stance Will hedge the best of men, till wild they • grow, And, like a stream dammed up, o'crspread the banks And work destruction in their overflow I Oh I soul, why should you foolishly remain *T » ,B,U . ln *bis bouse of narrow girth ? Note the wide spaces in the arohing sky, earth**'* <*oor that prisons yon to Le4W°f'h'"d lflRT0 «morse behind, sin • daunting, taunting shapes ot 'ow ol'DBing mémorisa That drive us mad with their eternal din. What's that ydu say ? We oannot thoa OBoape, , . Remorse has now become a part of yon Ï Is it immortal, then ? Oh I soul, be kind. And tell me—tell me that this not trae 1 TbeÍ¡Bder0W" obill-wlth d#wn the rising "tree" °nd m0ans Rmid th8 "tartled Theffid'POint8 upwwrd-but to« stars faare And hopo is fled—I shiver in the breeael Fahnie E. Newbimt, , , 493 ; 