Chapteb XVII.—1The Fullest Explanation. There was no suspicion of foul play as re garded the death of poor Verity. It was all "clear and aboveboard" in everybody's mind save a distrustful father's; and the mere faet of Verity's assuming the name of Dodson was not particularly remarkable. The doctor, a shrewd local practitioner, made the fact very clear that Verity's mind had been giving way rapidly, and that with its final collapse she had succumbed too. Disappointment and much mortification of spirit had shipwreoked her— she had been restless and unhappy, that was all, they said. And that was enough for poor stage-struck, romantic Verity — it had all helped to bewilder her and break her heart. She had not run away with the play actor, it appeared upon the surface—there was no proof of that; and at all events he had not been seen in her company, or been known to call upon her in the strange lodgings which she had not chosen for herself, but which a person of the name of Dodson had called and engaged for her. There was no more for Mr. Lovett to do, save to take the doctor's word and the doctor's certificate, and bury and forget poor Verity, as soon as it was convenient. Her tragedy was finished in one act; it had been so pitiable a little life—it was altogether so sad a feature in itself. Mr. Jonathan Lovett was quite himself the next mcrniDg; his recuperative powers were something remarkable. One could not imagine he had been so nearly overwhelmed last night —shaken to his heart's core by the sudden and swift announcement that his daughter was dis covered, and was no longer part of this unsatis factory world. He had seen the doctor last night, and then he had gone straight to his room in the hotel, leaving Mary Smith to break the news to Mrs, Dalrymple, and to hear much demonstrative wailing and Belf reproach from that lady be fore she allowed herself to be fairly composed. But in the morning Jonathan Lovett looked very much like the same individual we had the pleasure of first meeting at Scarletpool—the same severe, iron-jawed man. although a trifle blacker under the eye3, and without the ghost of a smile in him, and all his sense of homor utterly quenched, and all his greater sense of his own importance in the world very much subdued. Verity was dead, and he wa9 sorry—bitterly sorry—for the share he hadhadindri vingher from her home to that sea of troubles beyond it where in she had been completely submerged. But, being dead, it was all over and done with for a while—all the anxiety and fear and horror of it. To bury her—tfce burial of his daughter—wa3 the next step, and that must be accomplished in Lancashire, and from his castle at Keccleson, as befitted his position—and hers—in the world. Poor Verity ! she would be glad to lie by the side of the mother in the great family vault that had been built in Keccleson church yard, he thought Mr. Lovett was very busy that next day; he did not ask much advice of Mary Smith ; he was ashamed of hi3 own display of "nerves" last night, and was anxious to show he had thrown off his fears and doubts, and had screwed bis courage to the sticking place. He went to Waterloc-bridge-road and looked with grave face and tad, wondering eyes at his daughter, and he walked downstairs again without the aid of anybody's arm. He arraDg( d everything—he acted with all his old energy. When he came back to the hotel it wa3 to announce that he intended to leave for Lancashire that evening, to take Verity borne with him. He ordered his bill to be made out; he talked with the coachman about the carriage and horses, as though they were items of importance to be considered, and very much on his mind; and he sent a tele grsm to Keccleson to draw all the blinds down at Castle Lovett. He thought also, as a mark of respect to him, and in consideration of the big bill he should have to pay before he left, that the hotel people might have drawn all the blinds down m the hotel that Sunday; but the manager did not seem to see it. " I cannot ask you to return to Castle Lovett under there ead circumstances, Miss Smith, and I should not like you at the funeral—I hate women at funerals," he said; "and very likely," he added drily, " under any circum stances, ycu would not come." (To be continued.) 