iROveltet. PUT ASUNDER: OR LADY CASTLEMilNE'S DIVORCE." . 4> , , . By BERTHA it CLAY, author of " his one mistake," "thrown on1 the world," "a struggle for a ring," te "a bitter atonement," etc. CHAPTER XIII.— (Continued.) \- In name, in love, in heart, but not In thoughts and opinions. It i3 a very different thing ; giving your heart and giving your mind are quite distinct things. -I gave you \- my whole heart, Rudolph, but I did not give you my mind. I have reserved that for my- \- self." Lady Castlemaine, having the keenest wit, and womanlike, the quickest flow of words, generally won the victory ; but they were vifitorieawhieh cost her dearly. ' Each controversy, each stoutly contested argument seemed to .weaken in soma little . degree the love of the man who could not en dure contradiction or exposition — who could not brook' any idea excel .-e he had himself It would not have ir.:' ;rcd in the least, ' . had theytbeen 'left alone . Jter a few minutes the wife would have gone to her husband, and said : ' - ' " Hew foolish we are to argue and disagree over trifles. What- does anything matter pro vided only that we love each other." Or tbe husband would have sought his wife, and j.aid : . . - \- - i, wju not argue, darling ; let mv sfcoE-. _ £or thnnohfs onido— von.IoL xoTir sweeter ' thoughts guide me ; nothing matters but that we love each ether." But this never happened, for there was someone always at hand, to fan every tiny gpsrk into burning flame, to irritate, to annoy, to deepen every bad impression. Aiwa; at hand whenever one of these little discussions occurred, and few days passed with out them, she noted with quick, keen ears all that was said, and she knew exactly how to fan' the fire. ' . N Lord Caatlemaine would go to his favourite seat, the great window-seat' in the library, or ! ' ' out on tbo southern terrace, from where one could see the shinicg blue sea, and take a cigar to oonsolo himself. So sure as he lighted it, he would find the beautiful face and f figure of Isabel by his side. " I must try to convert Gertrude to your way of thinking," she would begin ; and then a feeling of irritation rose in his heart that even a shadow could lie between himself and his young wife. "I will convert her myself," he would answer, proudly. JEhen Isabel would Bhake her head. "" I do npt knew ; lam not eure that you will." she would say, dGublfully, and that irritated him the more. Then she would geek her other victim, and would kiss the beautiful face, and say, laugh ingly ; ' " You must not give in to that husband of . yours, Gertrude ; he has great ideas of his own authority." Far too grea't," she would reply, laugh ingly. "He wants three years' apprentice ship to a class of strong-minded women. I feai that even I am too meek for him." " You must not give way to him, or you will entirely losOyour own individca'ity,"' said Isabel. "I sliMI never do that," said Lady CaBtle- maine, proudly ; and although she loved her huBband with all her heart, there was always v a sense of angry irritation left after one of these conversations. It was a web of another kfnd that Isabel Hyde was weaving now. It was more suc cessful tban.the first. Then she had tried to . weave the web cf love round the heart of one man; now she tried to weave the web of .hate over two hearts that, but for her, could never . have been disunited. v She laughed at times with a wicked sense \- of victory, and at times she .wept, despair ing of success. Bat, day by day, the web grew longer, and stronger, and less liable to \- break. CHAPTER XIV. " LEAD US NOT INTO TEMPTATION." \- . It is a terrible thing to throw one's self wil- fully into the way of temptation, as Isabel Hyde had done. Knowing that she loved Lord Castlemains, she should have kept the v breadth of the world between bcreelf and S him, but in ber reckless desire for vengeance In her mad, passionate desire to fulfil her vow, she forgot or utterly ignored the daqger and the temptation for herself. She had given, unsought and unasked, the whole passionate love of her heart to Lord Castlemsine. Sfce had hated with insane hate the beautiful girl who had, as she con sidered, taken his love from her. She had voluntarily placed herself under their roof for the pu'posa of seeking vengeance. But she forgot that in so doing she must suffer unutterable pain herself. \- Every kind and loving word that Lord Castlemoine addressed to his wife was like a sword in her heart. She would grow cold, sick, and faint when she saw his great solici tude, his care and attention for her. Her ' heart burned with jealously and envy. Thete came a morning when a damp, cold wind seemed to 'sweep the warmth away.: the atmosphere was all damp, tbe skies grey, and lowering; - the sun had set in sullen dis- ; content for the day, and Lord Caslle'mainS saw his wife, wrapped in her costly furs, \- going out. Isabel was with her. \- " Gertrude, where ore you going ?" was his , - . first question. I " I am going to Redmcs3," was the prompt- and cheerful reply. I Redmoss was the nearest town, to Neath I Abbey — a bright, pleasant town by the sea. " To Redmoas 1" ha repeated. " "With whom are you going darling ?" \- " With Isabel," she replied. "How are you "aping"? "I hops you have' -ordered the broughafe?" 1 Oh, Rudolph, what a string of questions 1 No, I hfevo not; vve are going to walk." The conversation took place in the great entrance hall, where Lord Castlemaine met tho two ladies. He west op to his wife, and laid his band on the fur theen of her jacket magnificent fur for which he had given a fabulous price— one cf his wedding presents' to her. "This is warm," he said, " but, Gertrude, darling, it cannot shut out tha damp. You mutt breathe the damp air, in spite of your wtrm furs. Do not go out ; or if you will go, order the brougham." 1 She cried out impatiently that it would not hart her, that she had often been out in tbe damp, and would have no carriage. "You make me feel like a delicate old woman when you -fidget about me vin that way." . . She looked up at him with a smile, as she spoke, but there was some little sign of irri tation. Isabel Hyde stood by, a silent spectator ; each word, so expressive of hia tender solici tude' for her beautiful rival, pierced her heart. " I will not be an old woman yet," repeated Gertrude. "I like you to go out in the fro3t,V said Lord Castiemaine ; " that hurts no one. But damn air is quite another thing." "Oh, Rudolph," cried Lady Castlemaine, " you will make me impatient." , " It is Dot an old woman you resemble," said Lord Castlemaine. " It is a beautiful white rose. Now I ask you, Gertrude, how. could a fragile white rose live in this miserable damp ?" There flashed upon him the light of two beautiful dark eyes, in which love, pain, scorn, and dispair were ail told. . V Is all your care or solioitude for /White roses ?" asked Isabel Hyde ; " have red roses nothing to fear ?" " If you take my advice you will not go," he said, Blowly, "I do not think it is a fit ting day for any lady to go out." " Still," the continued, " you would not have remonttraiei if you had seen me going alone." Ha looked at her somewhat wonderingly, knowing nothing of the storm of jealousy that rent her heart in twain. " Well," he replied, " you see, Mies Hyde, it ia not the same thing. I, might have \- advised you, but I could not interfere with you." "I may go out and get "killed with the damp, and you would not ssy one word to me," cried Isabel. " Forgive me, but how very impetuous you ladies are," he said. " I have displeased ycu, Isabel,'' and half offended Gertrude ; yet I can not imagine why." " You are Over solicitous for me," said Lady Castlemaine. " You are not solicitious enough for m9," cried Isabel Hyde, and then seeing tho startled look in his eyes, she began to "laugh, but no woman ever laughed with such an effort be-- fore ; her jealousy had for the time carried heir beyond herself. All that loving care and solicitude for Gertrude— the wind must not blow too roughly on her, the damp must not come near her ; but what did he care for her ? He was so anxious and solicitious about Gsr- s trude that he did not seem to notice whether \sbe were going out or not. But the wonder in liia eye3 called her to herself. What right had she to show any jealousy of another woman's husband. She laughed, but there was little music in the laugh.- , " While so much care and solicitude are. to be had," she said, " I msy as well claim a Bhare." ' " You will always have it from m9," said Lady Castlemsine'; "I strongly advise you not to walk out this damp, unhealthy day." He looked at her kindly, and she felt that to have that sense of loving care always .over her she would give her life itself. " "I shall go," said Lady Castlemaine, " damp or not damp, I have determined to go to Redmoss, and go. I will." "I will not," said Isabel Hyde. "Lord Castlemaine is quite right, the day is against U3." After those few kind words and that kind look, Gertrude could not have opposed him, so a compromise was made and a carriage ordered. The incident, trifling as it was, helped Isabel to weave a few more threads in that strong subtile web of hers. . She took Lady Castlemaine to task in a fashion quite her own. That afternoon, as they lingered in the warm cozy bondoir, over a cup of delicious tea, she commenced her attack. , " Gertrude," she said, " you do not under stand your husband." ' Not understand him 1" cried Lady Castle- tnalno. " I beg yoar pardon, I am quite sure that- 1 do." Isabel Hyde shook her beautiful head7 ' Nr, my -dear, you do not. _ I really be- ilevc," she" added, somewhat imprudently, "that I should understand him, in time, batter .than you do." No jealousy stirred Lady Castlemaiae's heart; she only thought -.that Isabel was a Utile too outspoken ; still sh9 would like to . know what was meant. " What do you 'mean, Isabel ?" sh8 asked, grav-ely. " N.khing to make b tragedy about," b1i8 replied. I -was thinking -of this morning. I ws.8 so struck by his' care and solicitude over ycu, and you grew impatient with him." " I am net very impatient," said Gertrude, vith a Badden contrition, "J own it, -but I lannbt cr.dura to be fussed of: and watched. You are rif;ht, Isabel. I was, as you say, . iiBpVtifint without cause." "I knew at ones that it was his care for you that made him persist-," continued Isabel. "I have often noticed that when he tries best 10 please you, ycu understand him the least." Lady Cistlemainj could not explain, even to herself, but something in that moment seemed to rise, like a shadow, between her husband and herself. It w&3 not jealousy ; as yet that fatal and terrible passion had pot awoke in her heart. It was an intangible .-something - a shadow ; and the clearest idea she had after tha interview was, that shejjdi-l not really understand her huiband, and that other people oouid read his character better than she could. She tele farther away from him that day chin she had since they were married. It was a miserable day to Isabel ; she bad voluntarily placed herself in temptation, yet she could not endure to see Lord Castle- maine's'passionate love for his wife. Oroa, as she was standing on the grand 3taircase, waiting for something that her maid had gone to find, she saw husband and wife meet quite accidentally in the hall. It waa in tho shadow of the winter afternoon, before the lamps were lighted. She heard Lord Cistl- maiue say : " Gsrtrnde, darling, is that you ?" She heard the gently murmured " Yes." Love alone uses such tones. Then she saw him clasp hi3 wife in his arms, and cover her face with kisses. " My«darling, my beautiful wife. I shall come and have a cup of tea with you." Isabel turned away, utferly unable to bear it. If by one wish, if by raising her finger, she eoald have struck the white-roBe beauty from Gertrude's face, she would haye done i .1 ' \ .. ' , it.- In her passionate, jealous rage, she could have struck dead the man she loved. " Lead u3 not into temptation ! " The' words c-ame to her like faint Sounds through a mist. In her heart— that jealous, despair ing heart, full of love for a man who had nevei loved her — she felt- capable, in that moment, of any crime ; she could have slain that fair young wife ; 3he could have slain the man who3e dark, handsome" face had lured her to her doom. She turned away. Death would have' not ' have been so bitter as tho pain that rent her heart. . An hour afterwards, when Isabel Hyde, went, as was hGr custom, to tha warm,, cozy boudoir where the tea- awaited her, Lady Castlemaine looked at her in wonder'; " Isabel," she cried " how ill yon look 1 You have lost all your beautiful colonr. Ycu deserve to lose your name ; yon are not at all like a Red Rose— and yon arc trembling, ac- , taally trembling." " I do not see anything wonderful in that, Gertrude; any one might tremble on a cold December afternoon." " I will give you Gome hot tea," said Lidy Castlemaine. " Rudolph said he would join us." . Ho came, looking so handsome, so brave, so kind, and his eyes were so full of adruira-' tion and love for his wife, that Isabel could hardly bear it. " Lead us not into temptation I " Yet she had come there purposely to be tempted her self, and to tempt others. - That dark winter afternoon, as she watohed guileless, innocent love, the simple happiness of husband and wife, Bhe repeated her vow. She would part them ; come what might, cost what it would, she would part them, for ever and aye. But how was it to be done ? Spirits of envy and hate help and aid her 1 How was it to be- done? s , . CHAPTER XV. THE KINGS AND QUEENS OF. ENGLAND. The Christmas week was ended, yet none of the guests felt inclined to leave Neath. The holiday had been so pleasant— every variety of old English sport and pastime had been in requisition — eharade parties, balls, private theatricals; they had almost turned night into day ; yet, the day w&s; not long .enough. It was time never to be forgotten by those who enjoyed it. Lady Castlemaine and Miss Hyde were the two queens ; Lady Castlemaine young, beautiful, gitted with high spirits, al ways bright, always ready to enjoy everything to it9 ruliest extent, was tho leader of the revels. , . Isabel Hyde, beautiful and "graceful, too followed her lead, and no one knew of the shadow of tragedy that hung over her, or of her terrible vow. " I havQ been so happy here," she said, one morning, " that I Bh&U; not like going away."' ' You need not go away ; stay until the end of January ; I shall be delighted, and I am sure Rudolph will." Her heart ached just a little at her own treachery ; tho fair fcce looked so smilinglj into hers ; the blue eyes were so clear and guileless ; the invitation bad been so ccrdisllv given. Yet she knew that her only object in stopping with them was, that she might work her cruel will and part ibera. Good impulses came to her at times and pleaded for them — pleaded to her to go away and leave them — to put Lord Castlemaine out of her life— to bs true to the beautiful woman.whom she called friend. What harm had they done to her? 'Lady Castlemaine had not taken her love from her by treachery ; neither had the earl ,been her lover, f<3r the love was all on her side, not on his : he had never even been conscious of it. There were times even now when she almost wished that she had let him see how much she loyed him ; and yet Bhe would have lowered her own self-respect, and lowered it in vain, for from the moment he beheld Ger trude he had neither eyes nor ears for any one else. " I do not think," she said to herself, bit terly, "that if I had gene on my knees to him, to pray of him to marry me ; that if I had been as beautiful as Yenus, and descended like a qaeeD, that he would have married me." There were times when she gave herself up to wondering over the strange problems of life ; as to why it was that the, who could have been so happy, should find the whole world so dark and dreary because the love of her life was given to one who did not love her. She never reminded herself that it was her own fault — that she had voluntarily and willfully encouraged that love to grow in her heart, knowing it to be useless ; that she had given free rein to a passion that should have ' been crushed at the first. She blamed Pro vidence, . circumstances, fate, chance — any and everything, except herself. Of all the impulses that came to ber, of all the good thoughts and the bad thoughts, none were strong enough to eaflse her to falter in her purpose. Her purpose in life was to separate husband aud wife— to kill the great love that lay between them, and put hate in its place. ' She worked persaveringly aud industri- ously; she never allowed the slightest ehanca to pass. If she could possibly make Lord Castle maine impatient with his wife, if she could irritate him against her, if she could rouse obstinate self-will that was so Btvong within him, she would be happy. If, by some laughing taunt, some sharp, cynical remark, she could rouse Gertrude's pride against her husband, she felt one degree nearer victory. -Yet it was all dona with snoh Bkill, such oraft, such subtlery that it was impossible for her to be detected. She never lost one chance. One msrning Lord and Lady Castlemaine, Miss Hyde, and several other -visitors, were together and were discussing tableaux vivants for the evening. " Lst us have one tableau from that most picturesque period of English history, the reign of Henry the Eighth," said Lady Castle maine. She turned to her husband with a smile. " Which of all King Henry's wives do you prefer ?." she asked. Ho was silent for a fewjninutes, then he replied : - " Catharine of Arsgon," " And I," -she said, " prefer Anne Boleyn. I do not believe any of the scandals about her. She was a beautiful, unhappy woman. Anne Boleyn is one of my favorite h9roins3 in history." " There is one thing about her that I oan never understand," said Isabel Hyde, " and it is, how the king could hate her so deeply after loving her so much." "There you touch upon a strange meta physical question," Eaid Lord Castlemaine. " It ia said that love turned to hate is the most bitter hate of all." " I cannot imagine hating any one who has been deariy loved," cried Lady Castle maine. " I can," interrupted Isabel. " I agree with Lord Castlemaine ; love turned to hate is the most bitter hate of all." " You remember," said Lord Castlemaine, " that most expressive line : " Hell knows no fury like a woman scorned." He spoke quite unconsciously, not thinking at all of Miss Hyde." But she gave him one glance— it said so much that if any one had interpreted it, that parson must have under stood the position- at a glance. " Love turned to hate," sighed Lady Castle maine ; " the idea is a very powerful one. I wonder if there is much wasted love in the world." - " Yes," said Isabel Hyde, briefly, " you may be quite eure of that#" ' You must read Evangeline," said Lord . Castlemaine, and. see. what Longfellow says about wasted affections.; He declares that affection never w wasted." " I do not believe," said Isabel Hyde, " that he could prove his words. But vrc are goi or a long way from Anno Boleyn. - Yc-a would like a picture from that most troubled time, Lord Castlemaine?" " Yes," he eaid ; " Ihave often thought how interesting a series of historical tableaux would- be— one taken from each reign. Is would be interesting and amusing." — "You would fca 'King Henry." said Isabel; but, Lord Oastlsmaine, you do not look the part-. King Henry was fair, and florid, and "stout; you are dark, and — and— I was going to add, handsome; but I must not say that." She added in her own mind that he had indeed the grand, dark beauty that pic tures give to Spanish kings, and her eyes told her thoughts plainly. " If we have that tableaux,", said Lady Castlemaine, " I should like to be Anne Boleyn am sure I could act a character thai is familiar to me, and one that I like." - "Audi," said Mies Hyde, " shonld-likc to be Catherine of Arragon." " She was old and plain," interrupted Lady Castlemaine. . " She was his wife," replied Isabel ; '' he loved her first and best; ha loved her well and faithfully — for how many years ?" " He loved Anne Boleyn more in the few years of his wooing and hi3 marriage, than he did Catherine, spreading his love over all those years." - "I wonder," said Isabel, "which of his wives be really loved tha bsstl Each one seemed to have separate and different charac teristics. Catherine was 'every inch a queen,' a royal lady, true to God, and to duty. What" Bhe must have suffered whan she found her husband's love going from her to 'one so young and beautifula3 Anne — the tortures of jealousy, the fear, and th8 doubts. I should say that no woman ever suffered more." " I hope not," eaid Lord Castlemaine. " Then," continued Isabel, " comes your favourite, Lady Castlemaine. Her one characteristic seems to-have been her bright, wonderful beauty — her laughing, coquettish nature. But what a short-lived triumph I While the king wooed Jane Seymour, how she must have suffered in her turn all the agonies that Bhe infiioted on Catherine !" " Jane Seymour must have been very beauti ful," said Lady Castlemaine, " She was young, fresh, and fair, history says. I should think she w&s; shrewd and calculating. She had seen a queen deposed to make room for Anna Boleyn, and she re- solved.that Anne should bs deposed for her- I do not think-that I care much for her; a colourless oharacter, I think.", . " Then comss a character whom no one love3— a character without romance or poetry — Anna of Cieves. I have often wondered where Cieves is." " She walked in aud walked out of history," laughed Isabel Hyde. " Then comes a wife for whom I have always felt greatest sorrow, sympathy,, and pity — thai pretty, wilful child, Catherine Howard ; sha was but a child. I was reading somewhere, tho other day, that the night before her execution her cries were so terrible and so appalling, that strong men who heard them trembled. "I wonder," cried Lady Castlemaine, "that the whol9 nation did not ri3e up to a man and tear tho monster from the throne. That is the most wonderful part of his history to me— that he waa allowed to live." " Then comes the last wife of all, Catherine Parr. I always think of her as a motherly woman, dressed in gray or brown,' and much giyen to sericua reading." v " Perhaps on his death-bed,"- said Lady Castlemaine, " he saw the ghosts of his dead wives — Catherine, whom he tortured to death by breaking her heart ; poor murdered Anne Boleyn ; Catherine Howard, slain in her early youth ; Jsne Seymour, whom he forgot as 3oon as she was dead. Now, whieh of these wives did he love best ? " -" Catharine of Arragon— there can be no doubt of it," said Lord CasclemaiGe. " She was the love of hia life — they were but the loves of an hour." v " Do you think a man ever has two Iove3 in his life ? " asked Isabd Hyde, and she looked with a clear, straight glance into the earl's eyes. ' No," was the prompt reply ; " every man has one love that- is above all others, and which is never repeated ; " and he, in his turn, look ing at his beautiful young wife, seemed to say, " Such love as is mine for you." This did cot please Isabel, who could read his'thoughts as plainly as she could bear the outspoken words of others She turned the con versation back to its own channel. " I wonder," Ehe said, slowly, "what people would do in these days if an English king be haved in such a way." " They would give him short shrift," said Lord Castlemaine, quickly, i " Englishmen, in these days would not stand by in silence, while a young and beauti ful queen was beheaded," Eaid Lady Castle maine. ." People would soon begin to want to know more of the divine right of kings." " If we have tha tableau," interrupted Isabel Hyde, promise ma that I shall be the wife the king loved best, Catherine of Aragon." "I will see to that," laughed Lord Castle maine ; and Lady Castlemaine smiled as she said: ' ' ' " If the poor Queen Catherine had been one half so fair as you, there would have been no Anne Boleyn. \- CHAPTER XVI. . the rival queens. Never had the grand old. abbey of Neath been filled by such a crowd as tSat assembled there during the first week of "the new year. It was a dream of fairy-land, a dream of delight. , The night that every one enjoyed the most was the one devoted to tableaux vivants. "It was the crown of all other festivities. The old abbey wa3 brightly illuminated. The light from the numerous windows streamed out in great ruddy floods on the white, hard ground. The lights were so brilliant that they could be seen far away. Tha abbey was crowded with guests from far and near; the neighbours who had driven there caring little for the cold of the winter's night, caring little for the frost and th9 snow. Rumor had been busy, and much had been said about the beanty and magnificence of the tableaux, of the rare loveliness of the ladies who had to take part in them. Not an invi tation was refused, despite the disadvantage of wind and weather. The tableaux were to be held in what was once a magnificent banqueting room, in the days when the Castlemaines entertained the kings and queens of England. A more modern and smaller dining-room had long since been built, and the old banquet-hall w&s; used &3 a ball-room or for private theatricals. \- It was an invaluable room at Cbrfctmas time, for it would hold half the residents of the county. Such a room to dance in 1 There was no other like it. But to-night ic presents distinctive features. There i3 a stage with crimson curtains before it, row after row of easy-chaira and velvet-covered benches ; there are magnificent decorations of flowers and Christmas evergreens; the great chan deliers are filled with wax t&pere;, and the light, though brilliant, is soft and pearly, gaoh an audience was gathered together — all the aristocracy for miles around. Half the county wa3 there — young and pretty girls, fair and bonnie matrons, hus bands and sons. It was,' indeed, a brilliant gathering. ' Lady Castlemaine received her guests, then went away to prepare for the tableaux. She wa?, as usual, the most beautiful and graceful hostess, who -had a smile and kind word for all. - Every one agreed that the arrfifigementt wsre most peifect ; nothing could hive been better. What a lovely mixture of choice hot house flowers and evetgreens ! The stage was &b; l&rga; as that of any theatre. The scate were all so. comfortable and so well arranged, there was" nothing but prais'f and admiring comments. Lady Castlemaine looked especially loveh on that ocoasion. She wore a snpsrb dresf of white satin, exquisitely trimmed wit! sprays or mistletoe. She wore the famou- Castlemaine diamonds, and in th9 land theft N were none finer ; she looked regal and beauti ful, and all eyes followed her admiringly. The series of tableaux had been most beauti fully arranged ; no expense and fio trouble har been spared. Th8 first was from Miilflte', " Lis Huguenots," that most pathetic cf a! pictures, where the Catholic maiden implore? her Protestant lover to tie the white hand kerchief round hi3 arm, that he may be saved from the massacre ; but he will not, not ever-, to save his own life will he wear for on- moment th9 emblem of & faith which Ik scorns. J ... . At first Lord Castlemaine and Isabel had been called upon to take the two character?, but at the rehearsals it was decided tba> Isabel was too dark, that the girl should bf represented "by one who contrasted with him one who was very fair and had golden hair- Lady Castlemaine. Every one pronounced it to be a porfc-ctjrieture — the fair eomelines? of the girl contrasting with the d&rk;, proud beauty of the man ; the imploring, beseeching prayer on her face, the grim resolve'on his. It was a lovely picture ; and when the cur tain fell there was great applause. Lady Castlemaine trembled. "Rudolph," she said, "I did not know that one's whole soul went into these pro tares,; mino did. Rudolph, if you had beet; that Huguenot lover, you would have let m; tie- the Bcaif round your arm, .would you not?" He caught her in bis arms just for cue moment, and kissed her with desperate pas sion. ' "I would have done much for you, darling,' he said. " I am not sure, though, whether I could have done that." " I would have made you," she said. She raised her fair . face to his and- tiered him. There could be no mistake about the passionate love that husband and wife tad fqr each other. Isabel's vow was not near its fulfillment yet. Then followed a scene from " Faust and Marguerite," beautifully arranged and highly applauded, whieh was followed by a picture from " The Lady of Lyons" — Claude Melnotte and Pauline. Pauline was one of the young lady visitors. " . Then came the four tableaux that Lord Castlemaine had arranged, and which many had oome especially to see. The first was King Henry the Eighth and his wife, Catha: rice of Arragon. He wore his royal rofcesj and a magnifioent king he made. Queen Catharine, in a stmerb dress of velvet and ermine, a crown' of diamonds on her dark hair, stood by his side. He waa seated ; she stood, with one hand en hia shoulder, as though pleading with him. - " Every inch a queen 1" In her whole life Isabel 'Hyde had never looked so royal, ao beautiful 1 Her dress suited her to perfection ; the sweeping velvetf the rich ermine, the royal crown. Art could not have lent- that rapt, loving expression to her face. Her eyes, aa they res ted on the king, were luminous with love ; expressed wifely devotion, womanly tender ness, passionate love ; and yet, although they said so much, they did not tell one-half of what lay in her heart. A beautiful picture, intended to represent the home-life of the King and Queen Catherine. "Much to young for the part," was the general comment ; " but how most exquisitely beautiful ! What a face ! what a figure I" But the praise and the homage were less than nothing to her ; all she cared to see was one flash of admiration and love in the eyes of Lord Castlemaine. She did not see it, and her own grew the brighter for their wistful longing. The curtains fell/amid loud and sincere applause. " ' . Before any one had time to come upon the stage, Isabel turned to leave, with a quick flash of her dark eye3. "You should try to look a3 though you loved me, at least when we are on the stage together," she said ; and before he could give 'her an answer she was gone. The true meaning oF her words did not strike him; she was not quite like, the ordi nary run of young ladies, and he must make allowances. He laughed as she disappeared, but he would not have laughed had he known what was in her heart. - Then came a beautiful pioture. A story ia told in legend, not -in history, how Queen Catherine, going suddenly into her . drawing- room, found the kiug on his knees before Aane Boleyn. Neither of them knew of her entrance, and the king 'went on" with his passionate, loving words. This was the second tableau of the series ; some thought it the most beautiful ; the kneel ing king with all the passion of his heart and soul in his face ; Anne Boleyn with the light fall on her lovely features, on her fair hair, her gleaming jewels and picturesque dress — the expression of her face so sweet, so yield ing, so loving. There stood the angry queen, and, for once in her life, Isabel Hyde allowed her whole nature to speak in her face. Passionate love- passionate anger, passionate despair were all- there. A face that was at once beautiful, yet terrible ; the love of a life-time, the love that would neither count cost nor erime was there ; there also was the passionate anger, rage, and despair, more bitter than death. A silence that was mora impressive than applause followed. The terrible passion on that dork, tragic face could not so soon be shaken off. . The tbird tableaux was taken from the scene known in history, where Anne Boleyn, then reigning queen, finds the king. embracing Jane Seymour, and knows— poor, hapless lady 1-- that her doom ia sealed. Lady Castlemaine commanded universal attention ; there was the same expression in her face that impressed the audience in Queen Catherine's passionate love and despair. \- The fourth and last tableaux 'was th9 beautiful and hapless Anne in her cell the night before her execution—a picture of un speakable loveliness and pathos. Tho queen, in a long white robe, her hair lying like a veil over her shoulders, kneeling before a tablo, on whieh rested the portrait of the king. Wa3 she thinking of his wild pursuit of her, of his ardent love, of hia worship of her beauty ? How often the beautiful head that to-morrow would lie low in the dust had been pillowed on his breast ! Was she wondering to herself how he could slay her, when he had loved her so well? Those who Eaw the picture never forgetdt. When th9 curtains fell, and Lady Castlemaine rose from her knees, she was pale and tremb ling. , , "Rudolph," she cried,' "a shadow .:has fallen over me. I wish I had hot joined in these tableaux. I am not Anne Boleyn, I am Gertrude Castlemaine. Ycu would not slay me, even if I did more than people say she did? You would forgive me and love ma' always, to the end? See how my handa tremble, and my heart has grown cold. Nothing could part us, could it, Rudolph?" " No, my darling," he replied, kissing tha pale, beautiful face. " You have tired your- sfilf. I will bring you a glass of cham pagne.". She drank it, but the colour did'not come back to her face. "I cannot think," she said, " what is the matter with me. As I knelt there such a Strknge feeling came over me, as though what I was doing then was some faint foreshadow ing-6f what some day or other would happen to me." Ha kisced the sweet lips, that trembled still. " Rudolph," ehe cried, " do you think 1 Ahall ever- kneel before your pictured face, with tny h?&?t broken at lootisg yen?"" " No," -he " Gertrude darling, I -will hever have another tableaux in tbe house it obey effsfet yon in this fashion." Thsn Isabel eMUe to them. , " We are not only rival roses," she said, laughingly, " but we are rival queen?, Gsr trnde." " Gertrude bas made hereeH ill by giving ber whole heart to the performances." \- "I am quite sure," said Lidy Castlemaine, 1 that I shall feel, all night, as though the soeffold was waiting for ma in the morn ing." . And although she did her best, that feelinp remained with her during the rest of that bril liant evening. "I want to speak just rTvorLoyou, Lord Castlemaine, before you give kingship. Tell me once again, that I may re member, wbic-h of these Wives of yours did you lova best?" , Isahe1 tmd met him, as it seemed, quite by accident m ;ce narrow passage leading to tk< dressing-robm — met him and stood Btill b-r- fore him, holding his eyts, as it were, with hei own, while Bhe asked him the question. He was half startled for one minute, then he answrrird: Catharine, to be sure." " Thsn I am glad I was Catharine— slighted, despised, and repudiated as she was. I am glkd thai I was Catharine. I have been queen to your king— I shall remember that." A vagus thought that the ladies, some of them, must be on the point of insanity, cam? over Lord Castlem&ine;'s mifid, bat ho dis missed it. He was clever and keen, and tbf strange thing waa that he had r.o idee, no: the faintest suspicion, that Isabel Hyde was- or had beet in love with him. CiliPTER XVII. _ the mills of god. Most young married people iake.sorrfe tinir "to understand each other, to fall into each othtr's ways, to learn .to forebear, to b< patient with each other'3 faults. Lord and Lady Castlemaine were no exception to tbf peneral rule. They had differences of opinion, the hu;bar.d, although he spoke at times im patiently to his wife, loved her passionately. -Jlikdy Castiemalce, although at times want ing in patience and kindness., had the same great devotion for her husband. They quarrelled sometimes, they differed in opinion, they uttered a few sharp, hasty words ; then they kissed and made friends, jutt like other husbands and wives. Tbey were perfectly happy in their married life— hsppy in the present, and hopeful for the "future. . ' It was nearly the end of January before the gay party assembled at Neath Abbey dis persed ; and up to that time Isabel Hyde had made no progress with the fulfillment of her vow. She w&s;, if possible, more deeply in love with Lord Castlemaine than ever. The short, fleeting hours when, on the stage, she had acted the part of bis wife, had done her incalculable barm. She seerr.ed never to for get the event, and it led her into a half-fami liar kind of manner with him that would have aroused the jealousy of some wives ; but Lady Castlemaine never seemed to notice -it.. They were both grieved to part with her ; they had begged her tcrstay longer with them, but she had answered, laughingly : "I must go sometime; I cannot stay always. I cannot live with you, but I would if I could." . X " The only eomfork-is tbat wc shall see yourin town. We ske. going early. Perhaps Lady Cressqn will let you come to us for a few weeks then." " That .would be delightful!" said Isabel Hyde, with a smile that waa so much Greek to Lady Castlemaine. Tha carriage was at the door ; the white snow lay frozen on the ground ; tha robin- redbreasts flitted about on the bare boughs; tbe sky was blue and cloudless, and the wind soughed around the grand old walls — abright, beautiful winter's day. Lord Cast-lemaino was going to drive Miss Hyde to Redmoss station. Other guests bad been driven by the ccachman, but she had looked in her host's face when the manner and time of her going was mentioned. "You will drive me?" "she said. "How many happy rides and drives I have had with you 1 and this will be the last 1" " The last for a time," he replied. ' I hope we shall often ride together in London." " Do you really hope that?" she asked. . " Assuredly I do,' ' was the reply, in a tone of wonder. They all three stood on the drive; the hortes were impatiently pawing the ground. Lord Castlemaine went to the carriage to sse if the .rugs were all right, and the tWo 'bssuti'ul women stood- alone for a few minute?. ' Lidy-Casllemaina had thrown a fcr cloak over her shoulder?, yet she shud dered as the wind blew. " I am afraid," ehe said, that you will have a dull journey ; it is so very cold." " I am quite sure of that," said Isabel. " I should be dull at leaving you if it were the brightest day in eummsr. I wonder what kind of season it will be; a brilliant one, I - hope." - ,! It is sure to be," said Lady Castlemaine. " We shall not. bi rival roies thi-3 year," said Isabel. "You oan never &gain; be a rival ; yon are victorious." s " We shall not be rivals ; we never were, in that sense of the word. Isabel, you will not forget, one thing— that you have called me friend ?" D ' I shell rot forget it," sho replied, with a peculiar smile. . "The greatest pleasure to me of the coming sra on i3 that I shall see you again," said Lady Cai tlemaine, a3 she kissed the face of the girl that was to briBg each unutterable wos to her. And so with a kiss, false as the kiss of Ju l ad, they parted. That evening, over ber dressing-room fire, Gar tend?, with her husband, discussed Isabel Hyde. ; " She Fsems so very much attached to us," said Lady Cankmaine, "I think niysell quite fortunate in having found such a friend./ You have known her some tims, Rudolph ; how Is it yon did not fall in love with her ?" " 1 1" lie replied, easily. ." Ab, my Gertrude; she is beautiful and clever, bat she is not the style of girl 1 3hould have loved. You are my style, and no other. We have bcc-n married nearly a year, and I am even more your lover than I was on our wedding-day. You are, and always must-be, the one only woman in the world for me." As Gertrude kissed tbe Hps that had uttered such loving words, phe thought herself the most fortunate as well as the happiest woman in the world. / If the stare that ghtefe above us and hear so many vows, eculd b,nt tell how often thev arc made, and how often tbey are broken ! If the tall trees, that stand with, their great branches erect and bareonld tell the vows made under their shade— 3o fervent, so earnest, one would think they must be .immortal — and th'ey last about a yt-ar 1 How the stars and the trees must laugh at such lovers' perjuries ; how often this love is changed or dead before the leaves have faRan and the green comes round apiin \ , / > I While husband and wife so discussed her, ' ' Isabel Hyde was in her own room at Holme | Seaton. where she w&3 staying with her aunt Lady Cressqn, and she was face to face with a faiinre, & 'complete and perfect failure. The last thing she-had seen at Neath Abbey was how Lord Castlemaine, after he had ar ranged her rug3 and had made he? quite comfortable, hastened from the catriEgt to where his wife st90d, wrapped in her fur cloak. How handsome he looked standing there in the winter sunshine, his dark face all aglow with love I Little heeding any lookers-on, ho took Ger- > trude in his arms aud kiared her. \ " Good-by, my darling 1" he said. " i shall not be gone long." As they drove away, to the last his evrs lingered on her, and when they could see her no longer, he began to talk about ker, and every word that he uttered was in loving praise -of her. Isabel Hyde had to listen and respond. Most people would have been quite daunted. ' She was going away ; it was uncertain, to say the least of it, when they would meet again, and he had no thought for her ; hi3 heait and mind were full of his wife. \- -Even-e.t-thg, railroad station, when he had arranged her travelling' rags, seen that aha had the most comfortabl ?-Eeat in a first-e'asa car, when he brought papers and period ic&la; to amuse her during the journey, when he had shaken hands with her and hM. bidden her good-by, she eonld tell that hi3 tLrughte-wero stiU with Gertrnde ; for he came back tq heite — - just as the train was startirg — not, as she fondly imagined, to speak a few kind words to her, a last farewell, but to Eay : "Do you think Gertrude is looking" aa well as Bhe did in town ?" Her p&tience; gave way as ehe answered : " Yes, I think she --looks as well as it is possible for her to look." But if she intended her answer to be sar castic, her sarcasm waa all lost, entirely lost on Lord Castlemaine, in whose eyes his wife always looked beautiful. Then the train went on its way, and soon left Neath Abbey far behind. ; Ia&bel; went with a sense of failure ; and now, as she sat in ber room alone, she was . face to face with the knowledge that although she had brought all the power of her mind to bear on her purpose— tbat of making mis- ' chief between husbanu and wife, and of ulti mately parting them, she bad ignominiouriy 'failed. . She sat for some time in silence ; then she clenched her white hands. 