f J ^ STRANGE t CASjJS ^ . ? QW t" ' 1 >' DfUEKYLL AND MR. HYDE. . SenrcU ftor Mr. Hyde. THAT, 'evening Mr. Utterson came I home to his bachelor house In sombre ' spirits and sat down to dinner without I relish. It was his custom of a Sunday, 'when this meal was over, to sit close by | thefiiie,a volume of some dry divinity on his reading desk, until the clock of -the neighbouring church rang out the hour of twelve, when lie would 30 soberly And gratefully to bed. On this night, however, as soon as the cloth was taken *way, he'took up a candle and went into fiis-business room. .There'he Opened his safe, took from the mo?t private part .of.it a document endorsed on the enve Spe as Dr. Jekyll's Will, and sat down th'a clouded brown to study its con tents. The will was holograph, for $ti> 7J£tersoivthough he took charge of it »ow that it was madfc, had refused to te»d the least assistance in ? the making 'of it ; it,provided not only, that, in case 'Of the decease of Henry, Jekyll, RLD., p.CL., L.L.D., F.R.S., &c.;, all his poS seSsions were to pass into the hands of his 1 frieqd and . benefactor Edward bill that in case of Dr. JekyllVi * disappearance or unexplained ^absence lor .any period exceeding three calendar month^, the said Edward Hyde; should &efit; Irtto the Said Hemy Jekyll's shoes yitnput farther delay and free .from any burthen':or .obligation, beyond the pay toent pf n few small sums to the mem bers' of jth'e doctor's household."-This document had long been the lawer's eye .ore. i It oflended him both as- a lawer and asa lover ofihe sane' ahd bdstontiary tides of'life, to1'whom the fanciful was the imiqodest. And hitherto h was. his uigorance of Mr.-Hyde that had swelled lib .indignation ; now, by a sudden turn, it was his' knowledge. It was ^Iready baflpnojiighwhen the name'but was, a Jjatne. of which he could learn noi more. It was worse- wheh it began to be clothed upon 'with1 detestable attributes j andout pf the khiftirig, insubstantial nilsfs thpt I so long Ijaffled his eye, there leaped nip the sadden, ^definite presentment of i fiend. ' 1: * I thought itwas madness,1 he, said, as he replaced the obnoxious paper In the safe, 'And now I begin to feir it is dis grace.' ]?'??. . With that'he blejp out his candle, put ^ great coat arid set' forth in the direction of Cavendish Square, that cita del of medicine, where his friend, the great Dr. Lanyon, had his house arid received his crowding patients. 'Ifany one knows, it will js Lanyon,' he had thought . The solemn butler knew and welcomed him; he was' subjected to no stage of delay, but ushered direct from the door to the dining-room "where Dr. Lanyon; sat alone over hisr wine. This was 'a hearty; healthy,dapper,red-faced gentleman, with a^bock of hair prematurely white, and a boisterops and decided manner. At «ght of Mr. Utterson, he sprang up from i his chair and welcomed him with both i hands. The geniality, as was the. way of the man, was somewhat theatrical to tbe eye; but it reposed on genuine feel ing. . For these two were old friends, old ! mates both at school and college, both thorough respecters of themselves and of i each other, and, what does not always follow, men who thoroughly enjoyed each other's company. After a little rambling talk, the lawyer led up to the subject which so disagree ably preoccupied his mind. * I suppose, Lanyon,' said he, ' yon and I must be the two oldest Mends that Henry Jekyll has f' * I wish the friends were younger,' chuckled Dr. Lanyon. ' But I suppose ire are. And what of that? I see little I of him now.' ' ? 'Indeed? said Utterson. 'I thought you had a bond of common interst.' ' We had,' was the reply. * But it is mora than ten years since Henry Jekyll became too fanciful for me. He began to go wrong, wrong in mind; and though of course I continue to take an interest in him for old sake's sake as they Say, I sec and I have seen devilish little of the man. Such unscientific balder dash,' added the doctor! flushing sud <renly purple, 'would have estranged Damon and Pythias.' This little spirit of temper was some whit of a relief to Mr. Utterson. ' .They Hkve' only differed on some point of science,'. he thought; and being, a man ot'fto .scientific passions (except in the riiatjpr.pfponveyancing) he even added; ' It is nDthing worse than that I' "Hejgave his frjend'afew,, seconds' to recover bis compos ure^ >and' then approached the question hehadoome to put '? Oid you ifcvereomeacrossa prqtigg of his^-one kydeP.he asked,. 'Hyde?1 repeated Lanyon. 'No. Never heard of him. Since my time.' That. Was the Amount of information that the lawyer carried back With him to the.great, darjc bcd on which tie tossed to and fro, until the-smalt hours of the morning began to grow large.' It was a tii^ht of little ease to his toiling iriind, toiling in mere darkness and besieged by questions. Six o'clock struck on the bells of the church that was so' conveniently near to Mr: Utferson's 'dwelling,, an3 .still he was digging at the problem. . Hitherto it had touched him on the intellectual side alone"; 'but now. His imagination also was engaged or rather/' enslaved ; -ahd as he lay and tossed in the gross .daikhess of the night and the curtained room, Mr. EnfiejdVtale went by,"before, bis mind In- a''scroll of lighted pictures. He woulfT lie aware of the great field of latqps of a nocturnal citythen of thefigure oCa man walking' swiftly;' theh of a child gunning from the 'doctor's; and "then these met, and that human Juggernaut trod the child down and passed on re gardless of her screams. Or else he would, see a room in a rich, hotise, where his friend lay asleep, dreaming, and smil ing jat his dreams; and then the door,of that room would be opened,' the curtains | flf the bed plucked. apart, the simper ! recalled,' and loI,there would standby his side a figure to whom power Was given, and even at that dead hour, he must rise and doits bidditig. The 'figure in these twf> phases haunted the .lawyer all night; an# jf.at-any time he dozed over, it was but' -to see< it .'glide more' Stealthily through sleeping nduses, or move the the more swiftly, and still 'Sthfe, more swifUjv.everi to doziness, through wider labyrinths - of lamplighted city, and at every street comer crush a child and leave het screaming. . And still the figure had no face bywhich he might know it.; even in.his.dreams, it had no face, 'or one that baffled him and melted before' ;his $yes; and thus it was that eiere sprang jip fmd grew apace in the wyer's.mind a.singularly strong, almost an inordinate, cbriosity to behold the feafiftes oT.thje jrejil Mr. Hyde. ^ If He cqulii ? .'but- once'; set eyes ion him,. he thoiught the mystery would: lighten and. perhaps roll altogether away, as was the habit of irtysterioUs' things when well ex amined. He might See a reason Ifor his friend's strange preference or bondage (call it which yOu please) and: even'for1 the stalling clauses of the will. And at least,it Virpjfld be a face wofth seeing: the lace .of a;man who was without boWelfc of mercy a face which had but tp show itself .to raise up, in the mind of of the unimpressionable Enfield, a' spirit of enduring hatred., From that time forwad, Mr. Utterson began tO.haunt the dopr in the ^street of jhops. In the morning before office hours, at noon when business was plenty andjtime^csrcej at ni^fit under the face of'the fogged city moon, by all lights and at all hours of solitude or concourse, the lawyer was to be found on his chosen post. ' If he be Mr. Hyde,' he had thought, ' I shall be Mr. Seek.' And at last his patience was rewarded. It was a fine dry night; frost in the air; the streets as clean as a ballroom floor; the lamps, unshaken by any wind, draw ing a regular pattern of light and shadow. By ten o'clock, when the shops were closed, the bystreet was very solitary, and, in spite of the low growl of London from all round, very silent. Small sounds carried Jar; domestic sounds out of the Jtiouses were clearly audible on either side of the roadway; and the rumour of the approach of any passenger preceded him by a long time. Mr. Utteison had been some minutes at his post, when he was aware of an odd, light footstep drawing near. In the course of his nightly patrols, he had long grown accustomed to the quaint effect with which the footfalls of a single person, while he is still a great way off, suddenly spring* out distinct from the vast hum and clatter of the city. Yet his atten tion had never before been so sharply and dfcisfvely arrested ; and it was with a sjr{)iji I superstitious prevision t pf success that he withdrew into the entry of the cotirt.'!' -. . ? i The steps drew swiftly nearer, and swelled out suddenly louder as1' they turned the end of the street. The law y&ri; loftltihg- forth-from the entry1, oodid soon see what msnnw of man he had .i.wiVr.noiJp'-i": ».;». i to deal with. He was small and very plainly dressed; and the look 6f hira, even at that distance, went' somehow strongly against thewatcber's inclination. Bat he made straight for the door, .cross ing the roadwaytoiatfe time; and as1 he came, he drew a key 'from his pocket like one approaching home. ; Mr. Utterson stepped out and touched him on the shoulder as he passed. '.Mr. Hyde, I think ?" j Mr. Hyde shrank back with a hissing intake of the breath. But his fear was only momentary; and though he did'not look the lawyer in the face,'he answered cooly enough ;' That is my name. What do you want ?' j ' I see you are going in,' returned the lawyer. ' I am an old friend of Dr Jekyll's -Mr. Utterson of Gaunt'Street-you must have heard my name; and meeting you so conveniently, I thought you might admit me.' 'You will not find Dr. jekyll; be. is from home,' replied Mr. Hyde, blowing in the key. And then suddenly, but still without looking up, ' How. did ydu know me? he asked. | ' On your side,' said Mr. Utterson, ' will you do me a favour?1 ' With pleasure,' said the other. . What shall it .be ?' '.Will you let me see your face ?' asked the lawyer. ' Mr. Hyde appeared to hesitate, and then, as if upon some1 sudden reflection, fronted about with an air of defiance ; and the pair stared at each tother pretty fixedly for a few seconds.' ' Now I'shall know you again,' said Mr. Utterson. ' It I may be useful.' , . , ' Yes,' returned Mr. Hyde,' it is as well [ we have met; and a propos, you should have my address.' And he gave a num ber of a street inSoho. 'Good .God I' thought Mr. Uttersoji, I 'can he too have been thinking of-the will ?' But hekepthis feelings to himself j and only grunted in acknowledgment of | the address. ' And now,' said the other,.? how did [ you know me ?* ? ' By description,' was the reply. ' Whose description f ' We have'common friends,' said Mr. Utterson. ' Common friends ?' echoed Mr. Hyde, a little hoarsely.' '* Who are they ?' ' Jekyll, for instance,' said the lawyer. ' He never told you,'-cried Mr. Hyde, with a flush of anger. ' I did not think you would have lied.' ' 'Come,'said Mr. Utterson, 'that is not fitting language.' ' The other snarled aloud into a savage laugh ; and the ncift, moment, with' ex traordinary quickness, he had unlocked the door and disappeared into the house. The lawyer stood awhile when Mt. Hyde had left him, the picture of dis quietude. Then he began slowly to mount the street, pausing every step or two and - putting ins hand to his brow ljke a man.in mental perplexity. The problem .he was thus debating as he walked,' was one of a class that-is rarely solved.' Mr. Hyde was pale and dwarf ish, he1 gave an impression of deformity without any nampaole malformation, he had a displeasing smile, he had borne himself to the lawyer with a sort of mur-1 derous mixture of timidity and boldness, and he spoke with a husky, whisperingj and somewhat broken voice; all these were points against him, but not all of these together could explain the hitherto unknown disgUBt, loathing and fear with which Mr. Utterson regarded _ him. ' There must be something else," said the perplexed gentleman. ' There is some thing more, if I could find a name for it God bless me, the man seems hardly human ! Something troglodytic, shall we say ? or can it be the old story of Dr. Fell ? or is it the mere radiance of a foul soul that thus transpires through, and transfigures, its clay continent ? .The last I think; for 0 my poor old Harry Je kyll, if ever I read Satan's signature upon a face, it is on that of your new friend.' Round the Comer from the bystreet,' there was a square of ancient, handsome houses, now for the {most part decayed from their high estate and let in flats and chambers to all sorts and conditions of men; map-engravers, architects, shady lawyers, and agents of obscure enterprises.. One house, however,: second from the corner, was still occupied entire; and at the door of this, which wore a great air of wealth and comfprt, though it was now plunged .in darkness except for the fan light, Mr. UttSrson stopped and knocked. A .'well-dressed, elderly servant opened the door. ' ? ' Is Dr. Jekyll at home, Poole ?* asked, the lawyer. , ? .I Will see, Mr.' Utterson/ said Poole, admitting the yisitor, as he spoke, into a lafge; loWrrppftd,'comfortable hall.pavfcd with flags, waraied (after the fashion of a country house) ,by a bright,i open fire, and furnished with costly cabinets of oaI£ ' Will you wail here by the fire, sir ? or shall I give you a light in the dining room i" ' Here, thank you,' said the lawyfer, and he drew near and leaned on the toll fender, 'J his hall|; in which he was now left alone, was a pet fancy of his friend the doctor's and Utterson himself 'wajs wont to speak of it as the pleasantest room in London. | But to-night there was a shudder in his blood ; the lace of Hyde sat heaVy on his-memory; he felt (what was rare with him) a nausea ahid distaste of life; and in the gloom of his spirits, he seemed to read a menace in the flickering of the fire'ight on the po lished cabinets, and the uneasy starting of the shadow'on the roof. He was ashamed of his relief, when Poole presently re turned to announce that Dr. Jekyll was gone out _ *1 saw Mr. Hyde go in by the old dissecting room door, Poole,' he said. Is that right, when Dr Jekyll is from 'home? i ' Quite right, Mr. Utterson, sir,' replied the servant; . Mr. Hyde has a key.' ' Your master seems to repose a: great deal of trust in that young man, Poole,' resumed the bther musingly. « Yes, sir, he do indeed/ said Pooled . We have all orders to obey him.' * I do-not think I ever met Mr. Hyde ? asked Mr. Utterson. '> - ' O, dear no, sir. He never dines here,' replied the butler. ' Indeed we see v£iy little of him on this side of the house; he mostly comes and goes by the laboratory.' ' Well, good night, Poolfe.' ' Good night, Mr.,Utterson.' And the lawyer set out homeward with a vety heavy heart. ' Poor Harry Jekyll,' he thought,' my mind misgives me he is in deep waters f' He was wild when he wag young; a long while ago to be sure; but in the law of God there is no statute of limitations. Ay, it must be that; the ghost of some old sin, the cancer of some concealed disgrace; punishment coming pedt (kudo, years after n.emory has for gotten and self-love condoned the fault' And the lawyer, scared by the thought, brooded awhile pn his own past, groping in all the comers.of. his memory, lestby chance some Jack:in4he-Box of an old iniquity should leap to light there. His past was fairly blameless; few men could read the rolls of their life with less appre hension ; yet he was humbled to the dust by the many ill things he had done, and raised again into a sober and fearful gratitude by the many that he hald come so near doing, yet avoided. And then by a return on his former subject, he conceived a spark of hope; ' This Mr. Hyde, ;if he were studied,' thought he, 'must have secrets of his him; secrets compared to which ppor own: black secrets, by the look of Jekyll's worst would be like sunshine; Tilings cannot continue as they are. : It turns me cold to think of this creature stealing like a thief to -Harry's bedside; poor Hatry, what a wakening I And the danger of it; for if this Hyde suspecte the existence of the will, he may grow impatient to inherit Ay, I must put my shoulder to the wheel-if Jekyll will but let me,' he added,' if Jekyll will only let me.' For once more he saw before his mind's eye, as clear as a transparency, the strange clauses of the wilL (To be continued.J 