POLICE ADMINISTRATION AT CLAR ENCE. TO Tni! F.DITOR OF TilK'TASMANIAN' NKWS. Sid,—During the session of 1SS+ the LegUiatqro introduped u measure turbidd'ing the supply of drink to butiitUHl inobiiatea.: Curtain drunkuids iu the district of Clarence p'crc brought undi'r thu operaof the Act, bqt tliroqgli, apathy or tlic Acl^ppeurs to be quite inoperal.’or .instance, q cpituin parried . le, from Christina? Eve to l^eiy Year’s |.)iiy, lnivo been in ^ chronic state of iu- ‘ Action, both quarrelsome and violent. How js it thqt thopi’oyjsious of thoaforesaid Act arc npt caii'io'd oqt by the sqpcrinndent or liiB subs. Yours, etc.,■ Clarence, January 2. RATEPAYER. L unacy in 1’abis —By latest reports it prorcJ that lunacy is greatly on the iucreass iu l ’uris and its euvirons, but ju 'giug from the lone of the uewsp&pers; there regarding this country alone, it would “ Deed no ghost to come to tell us that," DQr 14 report" neither. This, of course, is “ a poke sarcastic." Serily, the statistics ulludcd to are deeply iuterei-tiug and well worthy or study— (hey arp not only Auiprisiug, buL slartling. U p to 3800 thn number of female lunatics far exceeded that of tmlc, whereas now men supply more limn osc-half the entire number. The married aud single lunatics.are about equal. W hen We come to enquire into the supposed, cause of this advancing ware of .insanity, it is found that excessive drinking1 is the leading *jone. Y et all V riters have hitherto pointed to F r4npe,ai Ict-s drunken tbau England nr Scotland. . The important element m bringing aboil the increase in the number of lunatics is "domestic troubles," which do not come from “ money Josses" jior “ dopjestic affliction." Tberef ^re, we must conclude that “ conjugal infidelity " alooe affords the true ex])lanaUoc. Jobl’j-jaUnx—TlieJobi»rintliigdo|«rtjneBtof tho tly pitronieod bj oU claasoi iu Hobart ami tl ronudlog diBtnots. The lower than those hitherto .lywd * 1‘u llobart, and ali work ia executed in -passed by any other ofhee in the culu *r.—Ad vi, 