Margory's uardians. -0--"- CHAPTEIR III. Mir. Ragland saw noreason to'altei' his opinion of Margory the nextday,. on'meeting her again at the breakfast table, and a long morning, spcnt in lounging with her in a skiff'ornthe lake; pretending to row, but in reality? dbi-g something that came daigerously:iiear making love, deprived him of the last glimmering ray of the, common ,sense that warned him tofl'y froin this : tempt iugsnare. in : ... .g g, .n ni, And so, i oti, riaing, teis, and the usual imild :diversions of a country house :in :the summer; i.two weeks slipped away ; and it need scarcely be said at the end of this :time, Arthur, had he instituted the slightest self-ex a?mination could:have hiad no doubt us to the state of his feelings with, regard t3 Margory. Buit on the contrary, as many a better' man has done before hiimi, he preferred to enjoy hliis pirsent happiness, without to6 strictiy inquiring into its oause, re ligiously'leaving his future to take care of itself . And Margory ! But it will 'be con sidered ireison against '11 the p?i?o prieties to give a hinit of her feelings before the inevitablep opopesal has given her the right to avow. them. : Suffice i, to say, that if ever girl nas encouragedj-nay, almost thrown into a lover's arms by her affectionate rela tives; Margory was the person. .In fact, a match between his favourite niece apd. adopted nephew had from the very firSt'bebn 'Mr. OCommyne's pet pro ject ;, and' if he sometimes went too broadly to: work, and fled ihe presence of the two young people as he would the plague, no doubt they readily par-· doned .this too excessive kindness in consideration of the widely different conduct' most uncles would have thought fit to 'pursue under the cir cumstances. As to his sister, she.being possessed of a happy inability to see through a stone wall, or even what was going on the near side of it, a little judicious mananement on Milr. Commyne's part (who dearly loved a plot, especially of his own designing) was quite sufficient to keep her from interfering. And so the bright, hot days glided on,. till .one..: morning, at breakfast, Margory received a letter, the perusal of which made her first bite her lips, then colour to tbe roots of her hair, and with an evident effort at self-con trol, to exclaim in'a voice tremulous with indignation, 'JUncle Ned, it is shameful'!" Mi-. Grander saysI am.to go back '06-morr'w A :.thunderbolt ,1 unched-. in 1 their. midst .hlighit have produccd some such effect upon the party as the present announcemen~t' My deer arrgory I' from Miss ommlyne and a' 'Ndnsense, Madge,.you? sha'n t go!' 'fro~i: her uncle,:beirg its audible results: ' - Arthur said nothing' bit' tlij lVo;bl which met Margory's as she half-in voluntarily glanced in his direction spoke' volumes. ::'-''' 'Indeed, UncleNed, -lianm'afraid I must go,' she saiid, mourFfully. 'Jdist read the'lottr `Toui see hsiays he is ' coming up to towqf to0morroiv ,(that is to- dca)ay)laouit some 'business,'. and will only -stay one night, and I am to meet him at Paddington to-morrow to go by the 10.15, and I shall have to le]ave here by :the 8 10, I .suppdse. Oh, its too hard ' And Mrgor:goy looked ready to cry with vexation and anger. Yes; 1I suppose i it must be so,' said. he ur e .e, after a pause, lying.down the.lattet vhich'he had been carefully reading .: 'WVell, cheer up, little girl 'I:, can'ttell. you hw h sorry we shallb Bto lose.you; but perhaps the old, fellow ;wiillt lt you come to us for COhristm;as.?·lY ou have only ben here six weeks now. IList year you stayed seven.' ,... 'I. am:'mfraid tha.t :fact won't msake much impression on: Mr.: Grander,' answered Marjory, sorrowfully;' taking up thebo note again. "' If he only would not be so excruciatingly civil, I could stand it better., This letter is politeness itself,;and ydt asub6-what do you call tlhose witness things?- could not be more to the purpose, leaving no loophole for escape. Pah the very paper has a slimy feel.' And, tossing the unfurtunate doeu ment potulantly into the waste-paper basket, Mlrjory resignedly went e with her breakfast. : But the pieni? exclaimed M?irs Commyne, suddenly, after everyone at the table had partially relieved lheir. discontcni? .'b growls at Margory s guardCians.: Yo YoU.cant go to it now, child: You wvill be tired befoi:cyouy s art, and there is your packuiigto see; ' Alice will do that, Aunt Fanny and as we ':sbati at eleven I .hardlv se ho i.I': can .get. tim ed beforehand,: a'sdweied hie? iniede, th'e i ?'schieious sparks reappearing i'm her eyes;: i' Not to day, Marjory. It is to norro?)Ili nlthinki )oif.' :.. : ':'j i' Olht moii.ow!. I'Well, I h er could see there, was anythingofiring in sitting ajfew Irours in a cmortable' carrriage, even f it ias attached, to the Flying Zulu/,or iDutchman, :or whatever .they :eall the thing, and I have every inten tion of sleeping soundly to-night after th7 picnic.' SBut .y dear, tiramUs are very tiring', said lhet aunt seriously; ' and with ihe outlandish names they:give them now, it is no wonder there are accidents every day, :so; .careless as the directors are, half-an-hodir late oi more sometimes, all expresses,; and always runnilg into the slow trains, poor'things! It isamercy one is not killed:every time one tiavels. I am sure I never"trust myself inside one without expecting to. be smashed evey inifutte of the time. Itis awful to think ofif:ii'i:deai i!' ....: And concluding this perspicuous ad dress' with : a'·'gentle -sigh and: slight shudder, Miss Commyne learned ' back in her chairi and bahimed on the' 'om pany from behind the urn. 'ery dreadful,. Auiut Fapny !I'. re plied Murgory, gravely; 'but now if -you will excuse meI must go and speak to Alice.' ., .. ?/ : " And rising from her seat, n?t.with out exichanging a la uohing, glanc'e' with her visa-vis, Margory left ithe' room .. ; ,. - :: :: By eleveri o'clock eveiyone (includ-' -ing Mr. "Thompson, who, with his sister werd to' accompany the Manor House party) had assembled in thehall:. It w~aa large picnie they were going to, given by one of the greHtest' landowners in the cqounty, and to which all the neighbourhood had been in veted. The old-fsfhio'i dbarouche, ?with its panir off dignified:i bays, atood at ,the ddora:nad.d three £'saddle-horses weie being led up and dowqi the drive. IMargorv; in:her dark' blue habit and riding hat' stood :engaged in her favouri ite occupation of teasiig: the curate, 'which perhaps accounted for the sudp4 deni fancy Arthur.appeared to have taken. for thie curate's sister. : : :: Miss Commyne was fussing over somn, wraps, her brother. over his whips, and the.: ssembly: generally seemed to have made up its mind to spend the: day in the hall. . At last Mr. Commyne, havipg suited hiriiself to his sdtisfaetion, gave the sig: ;nsl.of:departure. ' 'Now, Fanny, ten ,minutes: after? time ! Believe youu would stay here'all day ifit asn't forme'm! Here; John;' -to. the fdotmnan,-'t?a?ke this bi'dile'. If that isn't wraps enough!irfor mid-' winter instead of'. midsummer I'm a Dutchman ! .Off wtth. you, Madge I Arthur will put you up: Miss Thomp son, my dear, allow me. And offering.: his arm :with old-, fashioned courtesy, Mr. .Commyne led the la.t-mentioned young lady: to the carriage. 'Having seed her- and his sister safely enaconced theiein, he turned to look after the others. Arthur: had not shown himself so ready as usual :intcoming to Margory's help, and piqued by his apparent in difference, . she' had accepted Mi',r. Thompson's:somewhat tremulous offer, and together they had gone'towards' her horse, a -handsome chestnmit, her •father's gift not long before his 'death; and which heir uncle kept; for her, as riding horses at The Grange.were forbidden luxuries.. , Now,i the poo.little cuirat'e.h'ad never mounted a -horse in his life; mrich less put-a lady on one, "and his' offer 'had only been made with the sere ii'tsiir ance it lwould not be icceplted. 'To his hilorioii heb had been taken "-,at his word and being far. too proud 'and timid toe confess:the truth; .racked "hish braies tod -lcdmibedr in'?the few 'tims 'hib' had seen alady mounted how it was done. : Arrived .at the'h Irse he stood eye ing if',ist'tfully, and shaking in his shoes while Margory, in happy;uncon seiousness of hii dilemma, patted the. chestnit,'? regaled' himi with .a lump of sugar stoleni froimni the~~ eiiakfa t 'table, took up the snaffle, .a'd.wi'th her hand on the pomnmoiel;i.turned to look for hc'r attendant squire.:::; . . The critical moment had coime. Mr. Thompson advanced ina feeble, uncertain way, looking' at the ,neat little boot Marmgory presented, ap parently for his inspection, as if he feared it might bite. '""'. SWell. Mr. Tliomps0n ?': she said, impatiently, af or a moment's wait ing. The curate, advancing with an in spiration born of despair, seized the tiny foot with both hands,' and, bring ing all his strength to the fore, gave it an upward heave worthy of Hercules himself, then started back aghast at the result of his achievement. Margory, who, judging by his usul manner, had expected a very gentle hoist, or none'at all, lhad given a spring that would in any tase have taken her in the saddle; but combined with the curate's fling, sent her up like a rocket, clean over horse and pommel, till she alighted at full length on the gravel the opposite side. ' Confounded dolt! ' muttered Arthur, between his teeth, as he bent over the fa.len girl, raising her head on his arm. ' She is only stunned. Quick, Wilson; fetch soni'me water.' And the groom'in.tantly hurried to obey. Then arose 4 hubbub of confiscd voices, the stablemen Shlouting to each othehrs thy chesed Margory's horse, whoce groom aId dropped its reins .to .rIsh to the o....young ladysa help ; Mr. Commyne !swearig, or indulging. in something reharkably like it; Miss .Commyno:screaminr;; Miss: :Thomp.on in hysterces, and ..the cura!o,blankly stammeringb out" excuss :that:' i' one listened to. " Among:' all :,this, i:the two . silent figures, at once the centre and terror of the little group, wiere Marg'ry's un coisci'ous lforim still supported oh Arthur's arm. - SHe had dipped his handkerchief in them water' the groom had brought, and was quietly bathing her face, though his drawn, strained expression, and drops of'perspiration on his forehead, straigely belied the stoic calm of his manner. It seemed ages to the anxious lookers-on, but it was not in reality many minutes, before Margory stirred, opent d her eyes, looked round a moment in bewilderment, and then raised her self on her elbow. *'All right! I have not broken my neck this time,' she said, lightly, amused and yet half frightened at the expression on the faces. round her. 'You all look as.if rwere dead; but I don't feel much like a ghost, unless,' she added, spriogingg to her feet, and riisi'ngjherhand to tier hdi ' glihosts :have headaches and feel giddy. I don't thinkl :cani:go to the picnic, Uncle Ned." " '"My dear child,;Ishould think not! : But are you quite sure you are not more hurtl ; i.Quite. ? M:hvead aches, and I am giddy ~;thli is all. I think :I Will go and lie down I hope youi 'ill all: en joy the picnic A .nd she turned towards ::the "'house,. but had:not gone many paces befoie she was obliged to accept the arm Arthur promnptly offeired 'Enjoy the picnic !"cried: Miss Com 'myne, horror-struck. '.lMy dear, do you suppose we: shobpuld go and leave you-----t i, : ·· : -Excuse mie, Miss Commyne,' brboke in Althur; bbut it will really :'be best Miss Grcrey should be left.quiet. I have seen many cases of thiakindi and know there is no cure like lying down, a:nd, if possible, going to sleep.' Miss Conimmyne looked rather discon certed at the interrupti;li "'bitt her brol?er 'exclaimed,: heartily, ' Tlhat's right, Arthuri; you are, the only crea ture about the place with a grain of common :sense. -Take hetup, andring foi. bhei maid :to put her 'to bed.: Go afterei :er; if y'ou' like, Fanny; but re- membher;, we star?t directly he: isecom fortable.t WWhen Gipsy:threw :Stubbs, Dboctor- Bingley: said : he would 'have been all :riht if he had been left quiet It first so .he sha'i n't blame us twice.'. Heigh.! Iyo there ! Ble ss she fellaw, he Will break his .neck, and the mare's too !'--this to the groom, who waslaud-: ably hanging on to'the chestiut's'nbos$e, after having effected her recapture, which insult the noble animal duly re sented by standifing oniend, a.id:smniting the air with her fo elegs... Another" groom:, ran to _the rescue, and Margory's .obstreperous steed was soon reduced to order, and' led back to the stables. .In the meantiine the popr little cuiate.. in a tertible?stat of mind, had: been vainly oendeavouringto, ltotton?: hole some member of the: partyto let off the apologies with which he was bbrimming over. :. !He had ..attacked.1Miargory on her way to the house;:but sliehad' passed him with a rather aimused smile, and a ':Never mind, Mr. Thompson; it was. all :miy fdiiilt;' while Ar thur, cut him conptemptuously sshorit.,, . .' Don't? talk to Miss Gray now, if you please, you have ,put your foote in it quite"enough for one dayi.:,,,:: Y' ou mean he has put mine,'::said M.argory, smiling, ~ as, they went o:6n, leaving the littli ma?:,gazing blhankly after them.'. .Hel did t.hrow me up.:, I thought I was never going to cirme down again'.' 'Please doni't talk it's kyeriy .bad :for you;', returned her companion, dearnestly. ' I :wod't' be shut :up' like' that' wilfully retorted the g:i:i: I always t~alk;i t. can t do,,me ?any, harm.. I suppose I ought not to joke about it, though; but you' d? alllook so delight fully solemn, I really ecan't help. it. I shall always ee the ridiculousii side of a thing-always-if f live:ito be as old as Methuselah, and liave more'troubles than Jobi aind all the i:martyrs put togaether. Here a',reeri, tha'nk! you, Mr. Regland. Just ring the bell for Alice, please; and now I hope you will have a pleasant picnic. ' Oh,:here is Aunt Fanny.' : "" ::;':' i And in bustled that lady in a' frantic state of fuss, while Arthur, 'having obediently rung the bell, left theroom, casting a lingering glance at MHargory as,he did so. SMiss Commyne refusing to hear of the young lady merely lying down, in spite of her protests, with the help of her handy maid she was soon in bed, and her aunt, after the third impatient summons from below, reluctantly quitting the room, she was not long in sinking into a quiet sleep. ' What do you think of her, Aithur ?' inquired Mr. Commyne, on the young man's return to the hall. ' You know something about these sort of things, don't you? Shall we send for a doctor? and ought we really all to go to this picnic ? I would far rather stay with her, poor child.' 'I know a little about surgery cer tainly,' returned Arthur. ' One picks up these, sort of .things at home-I mean abroad; and I don't think there is much the matter with her, or any need to send for a dooor. She is rather excited, but a good rest will cure everything; indeed, that is essential, so 'I think it would be best for every one to go off; at leat4, I might stay, if you don't mind, to send for the 'doctor' if she gets worse ' " And: Arthur locked down at his bobts,. 'furious' wilth himself for- the, blush he:felt stealing:over his -bronzed' ohbeeks. -" : , '...A clever urrangement, youngiman; no.one:can .doubt you were not born yesterday; us old .foies.ou, of the way, and the coast left" clear for you I! No; dori' bliush, my .boy! I am not going 'Wblanid you for it. Every dog lhas his day.; go in aund win. Nothing would please me better than' a match between you and my little Madge; but theio is old Grander to be thought of, Arthui. A hundred to one he refuses his consent. Madge would do it to morrow, if I backed her up; and as to her consent, she isn't the girl I take her for if she refuses you, Arthur.' 'I hope you may be right, Uncle Ned,' said the young man, in a low tone; and Mr. Thompson timidly approaching as that moment with his yet embryo apologies, he made his escape, anil was seen no more, till Miss Commyne at last putting in an appear ance, the party was fairly off. (To be connmued.l 