Local Brevities . Luddenham has a ghost. "The Farceur " still very ill, Defaulting ratepayers, beware! Foresters meet on Tuesday night. Druids meet on Wednesday night. Orangemen meet on Thursday next. Bachelor quarters at Railway House. Letter from "St. Marytan": again crowded out. A happy family at the Council on Monday last. Sons of Temperance meet on Monday night. Look out for Nash and Cleeve's advt. in next issue. Two hands held up in opposition, to the motion for " Home Rule for Ireland.'' A large attendance at the lecture on Monday evening last, despite the weather. Sports on the Progress Association Ground on Saturday last fairly attended. Dean Mahony was very eloquent at the Home Rule meeting on Saturday evening last. Over £19 collected at the Home Rule meeting in aid of Mr. Parnell and his fol- lowers. Several of the peds. at the sports last Saturday complained in no measured terms of the starting. The Rev. J. Gardiner said that the Pen- rith boys were the most orderly he had yet met. A feather in their caps. Buffaloes meet at Crowley's Australian Arm's Hotel on Wednesday, Sept. 15, 1886. Tenders to be called for shortly for the erection of a brick culvert over the large drain on the Crescent, Lemongrove Estate. Bachelors, take heed of what was said by the Rev. Mr. Gardiner, during the lecture on Monday evening last, and get married at once. Mr. G. Besley, jun., son of Ald. Besley, married to Miss M. Furbanks on Wednesday evening last. We wish them a long and happy life. The tender of Messrs. John Hollier and W. Curry has been accepted, at 5s per cubic yard, for sandstone chippings for Station street south. Will the Chairman of the Works Com- mittee order a few loads of gravel to be placed on Union Road, near Mr. Lennox's ? Wanted.badly. The Penrith Bench intend to be rather severe on all police cases from St. Mary's. Worshippers at the shrine of Bacchus had better beware. "Not even the force of arms could make the people (the Irish) love the British law, mainly because it was the law of strangers, and aliens," so said Ald. Smeaton at the Home Rule meeting. The tenders for a brick barrel drain over Castlereagh-street, Hornseywood Estate, were considered too high, and it was decided that plans and specifications be prepared for the erection of a wooden one. During the late rains Riley-street was in a disgraceful state—the footpaths especially. Ald. Jordan, you use that street in going to and from work, will you bring it under the notice of the Works Committee ? We have been requested to state that upwards of 160—not 60—members were present at the meeting of the Railway and Tramway Employees Amalgamated Associa- tion held on last Saturday week. At the Council meeting on Monday night, Ald. Jordan made an assertion, and pro- duced what he supposed were the Municipal by-laws in support thereof. Upon examina- tion, however, it turned out to be the rules of the "Irish Home Rule League." Great laughter. 