r.R.C. SPUING MEETING. ? ♦ ? [Bt Electkic Telegraph.] FIRST DAY. MelbocR-VE, November I. The attendance at the V.K.C. Spring Meeting on Saturday was the largest ever known on a Derby Day. The Vice-Regal box contained the Governors o£ Victoria New South Wales, South Australia, and Tas mania ; Admiral Tryon, and Lady Loch, Lady Carrington, and other distinguishet and the racing was of a very high class. Trident was staunchly supported for the Derby up to the very last. Volcano cut out the running at a desperate pace until he arrived under tbe hilL when, through hugging the rails too closely, he struck them, catting bis shoulder a»d quarter. Cbesbam, who was pulling double, then weut to the front. Vol cano, in falling back, interfered with Trident, camin-T him to lose ground. Hales at onye commenced to ride Trident for his lite, which being seeu by t he public caused the excitement to become intense, aud loud 6houts were raised that the favourite was beaten. At the distance Robertson apparently had a. strong pull on Chesham* but Trident gallantly answering every stroke of the whip was gaining ever}' stride. The tance, and galloped home a uinner of the blue ribbon by two lengths, Cheshain tiring suddenly when caught. Hales and Trident were received with deafening cheers on re turning to the paddock. Melbourne Stakes. — Isonomy and Bool k a ran a dead heat for first place ; liravo third. There were ten starters. Isonomy was rirst in tbe straight, but Boolka came at the dis tance, and the pair raced neck and neck for the last hundred yards. Time, 2 inins. l'2{ sees. Isonomy won the ran uff easily by three lengths. Maribyrnong Plate. — Mr. C. L.Macdonald'g br.f. Horteusel{-*-ui-' Forward— Josephine), 1 ; Mr. D. Cooper's br.c. Huntingtower {EUre- , bin -Atholine), 2 ; Mr. K- B. Smith's hr-c. I Bedouin (Darriwell— Black Gipsy), 3L Nine- ! tbe tan, but immediately after be ran oil', in terfering with Miranda. Bedouin then took | tbe lead, but was patted by Hortenst, who j won by half a length. Time, I ruin. 7 h, sees. ' Derby Stakes. - Hon. J. White's ch.c j Trident (Kobinson Crusoe — Cocoanut), \ ; Mr. D. Cooper's ch.c. Cheshaui ((.rand j Flaneur— L*dy Chester*, 2; Mr. A. HUwk- 1 wood's ch.c Agloas (Apremont — Aglaia), 3. The other ? starters were First Consul, Ktngnsb, .Volcano, and Maddeliua. The tielil got away to a good start. Volcano at once went to the front, followed by Cheaham. Volcano led to a quarter of a mile from liome, when he suddenly collapsed, and slightly interfered witd Chesham. At this time Trident appeared to be beaten, but Hales set hard to work on him, and got level with Chesham half way up the straight. The favourite then came away, and won com fortably by two lengths. Agloas was third eight lengths away, with First Consul fourth. Time, 2 mins. 39 sees. Hotham Handicap. — Claptrap (7 st), 1 J Hexham (7sLJ, 2 ; Lancer (7 at. 10 lb.), 3. Eleven horses started. Hexham led into the straight, but Claptrap came through with a rush, and *rou ea&ify; by three lengths. Time, .Selling Race.— Haron, 1; The Ghost, 2; Stafford, 3. Eight horses started. Won easily by two lengths. Tbe winner was bought in for £230. Coburg Stakes. -Dogstar, 1 ; St. John, 2 ; Hogmanay, 3. There were twenty starters. Dogstar and St. John came to the tront.in the straight, aud raced neck and neck to the finish. Tbe former won by half a head. Time, 1 min. 571 sees. SECOND DAY. Melbodrne, November 2. Tbe above meeting was continued at Flemington to-day. The weather was tine, utiH there w«a an enormous attendance, esti mated at about one hundred and fifty thou sand. Following are the results. Hurdle Race, about three miles.— Bine Mnnntain^ 1 ; Ocean, 2 ; £ncore, 3. Seven started ; won easily. Railway Handicap. — Pocohontas, 1 ; Al hanus, 2 ; Toronto, 3. Eighteen started ; won by a length and a-h&lf; after a good race. Time, 1 min. 16 sees. Kensington Stakes. — Sumatra, 1 ; Eckers leigfa, 2; Mistletoe, 3. There were aii etartere. Sumatra came away at tbe distance post, aud won easily by two lengths. Time, 1 min. 4£ eecs. Tbe winner was sabseqnentlr sold to Mr. A. Davis lor four hundred and ten guineas. Melbonme Cap.— Mr. W. Gannon'. b.b. Arsenal (7 et. 4 lbs.), 1 ; Mr. D. O'Brien's b.b. Trenton (9 St. 5 lbs.). 2 ; Mr. R. J. Saddler's SQvermine (7 St. 10 lbs.), 3. Tbe otter starters were — Malna, Commotion, Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling, Isonomy, Monte Christo, Bohemian, Britisher, Meteor, Boolka, Ben Bolt, Kitswa, Lancer, Cyclops, Trident. Metal, Crossfire, Recall, Mjmll King, Lord William. Bravo, Little John, Hexham, Highland Chief, Jack Roach. A splendid start was effected, Trenton, Meteor, Commotion, and Malna appeared first to move. At the tan crossing Silvemnne had taken tbe lead, then followed Recall, Bravo, Meteor, Hexham, and Jack Roach. Passing the stand, Silvennine etSl led, witn Bravo in attendance ; then came Boolka and Britisher. Ob rounding the river turn, Bravo drew level with SUvennine, but in a short time Silvennine again showed in front. * At the bridge Hexham had got in front of Sflvermine, then came Little John, Bravsy and Lsonomy. At the sheds SUvermiB* and Arsenal led by a couple of lengUia, .tbe rest of the 6eM being beaded by Trident, Kitan, and Isonomy. At the bend the order was — Hexham, Silvernune, Trident, Kitaw*. After rounding the horn* tnrn Arsenal toob the lead, and was not to be beaten, being landed a winner by a neck from Trenton, who was a length ahead of Silrermine. Trident was fourth, followed by Myall King, Sheet Anchor, Crossfire, and Malna. Time, 3 min. Knrsery Handicap. — Huntingtowtr, I ; Perhaps, 2 ; Bedouin, 3. Seventeen others started. Won easily by two lengths, in 1 nan. 4j tecs. Van Yean Stakes. — Levite, 1 ; HogmaneT, ?2 ; Ellington, 3. Nine started. LentecaBe through in the straight, and won a good race by a length. Time, 1 min. 43 sees. THIRD DAT. Melbourne, November 4. The above meeting was continued to-day, at Flemington. The races resulted ax fol Maiden Plate.— Monotti, 1; Dufferin, 2; Yule Cake, 3. Ten started. Dnfierin vent to the front in the straight, but was chal lenged by Menotti, who won by half a length. Flying Stakes. — Hortense, 1 ; William Tell, 2 ; Bedouin and Huntingtower, S. Kleren started. Hortense came to the front half way up the straight, and won easily by two and a-half lengths. Time, 1 min. 3J sees. Spring Handicap. — Lord Wilton. 1 ; Kemus, 2 ; Bravo, 3. Fourteen started. Lord Wilton led into the straight, and, though pressed by Remus, won by a short length. Time, 2mins. 10} sees. Royal Park Stakes.— rranton, 1 ; Isonomy, 2 ; Sheet Anchor, .'j. The only other starter was Cvclops. Entering the straight Isonomy led. He was f allowed by Sheet Anchor and Cyclops. At the distance Trenton took the lead, and won easily hy two and a-hali lengths. Time, 3 miiia 5U sees. The Oaks. -The Nun, I ; Tamarisk, 2 ; r^sie and Madellina, 3L Kour started. The field were sent away to a bad start. The Nun got aw-ay first, but MadeUina passed her, and maintained a lead nntil entering the straight. Tamarisk came up on the outside in the straight, but Tiie Nun took the lead, and won uy a length from Tamarisk, who was two lengths ahead of Kssie. Time, 2 nuns. 45 sees. Juvenile Stakes. — Kpicnrian, 1 ; Kckeraley, '2 ; Pirebrace, .'i. Six started. Won by a length and a-u*lf. Time, 1 min. 33 j sees. Veteran Stakes.— Brown and Hose, 1 ; Ben Bolt, 2: The Pencil, 3. Eighteen started. Won by a half length. Time, 2 min 3SJ sees. 