RELIGIOUS MANIACS. A curious exhibition of religious mania is reported in the city of Cincinnatti, Ohio. Some years ago the women carried 011 what is called a crusade against the trade in intoxi- v eating liquors, many 01 mem uecame lan- atics. They paraded the streets in bands, they took possession of drinking saloons, and emptied the. barrels and demi-johns into the gutters. The end of this crusade found some of these women inclined to accept the most absurd doctrines iu religion. Two women living in Cincinnatti, each the wife of a re spectable and sensible man, came to believe some time ago that they were members of the Trinity. One of them, Mrs. Martin, declares that she is Jesus Christ, and the other asserts that she is the Holy Ghost. The Deity is manifested in them in order that the world may be warned of the approach of the millen nium. Around these women there is a large and growing group of worshipping believers. Young men and old, girls and matrons, ac cept -without question the crazy declarations of Mrs. Martin and Mrs. Brooks, and several men heretofore engaged in business have abandoned everything to follow these mani acs. A young clergyman is the latest convert, j Some years ago I- became familiar with the history of a similar group of fanatics who flourished in a New England city. The leader of the group was a woman named Wakeman. She declared she had spent seven hours in heaven, and had returned to earth as the personification of God to warn the world of the coming millennium. She She had thirty or forty devoted followers, who believed all she said, but showed com mon sense in the ordinary transactions of life. When she assured them that one of their number was the Evil Spirit and must be removed, even the victim accepted his sentence, and his companions murdered him without hesitation. On the following day another Wakemanite murdered two inoffen sive men because Mrs. Wakeman had told him that they were retarding the coming of the Millennium. The Courts then broke up the band by successful prosecutions. Prob ably the lamentable vagaries of Mrs. Martin and her followers will end in crime, and some of the Martinites may yet be sent to the fallows. Those who worship a maniac and obey all her commands can scarcely fail to come-into conflict with the laws. John Norton, the New South Wales labor delegate, has written to the Prince of Wales and is going to write to Her Majesty on the — subject of his mission. Norton is putting tlie question of emigra tion and the labouring classes in a one-sided light. A grant of. £100 has been obtained from the Government towards the permanent im provement of the cricket ground at Bathurst. In the face of the much needed retrenchment this is simply scandelous. Notwithstanding the present financial de pression ministers manage to find funds to reward Mr. O'Sullivan for his support. He got £100 for the Parle in Queanbeyan besides other favors in the same month. Then again £750 was placed on the estimates for expen diture on one of the local streets. Truly the ways of some legislators are past finding out. ' Religious mania has peculiar effects. One woman in Cincinatti America, who ia evidently labouring under a delusion, declares that she is Jesus Christ, while another asserts that she is the Holy Ghost- Is the morning bath injurious? A medi cal contemporary throws doubt on the wisdom of the cold tub. The water should be used tepid, and' people over 40 should use the cold sponge sparingly. The approximate value of land, improve ments, and plant of the Australasian Colonics is now £2SO,000,000 ; and the capital value of tlieir live stock £79,000,000, or a total value £359,000,000. "VYc often hear of a woman marrying a mail to reform him, but no one ever tells about a man marrying a woman to, reform her. Men are modest, and don't talk about their good — — - " Papa, if three wheels is a tryciclc, and two wheels a bycicle, what is one wheel?" " One wheel my son ! Well let me see. One wheel must be a unycicle." "No, it ain't pipa ; it's a wlieel-barrow." A certain newspaper records births, marri ages and deaths under the heading " Buds," ' Orangeblossonis, ' ' and ' ' Cypress. ' ' We be'icve that if every one would use American Co.'sHop Bitters freely there would be much less sickness and misery in the world and people are fast finding this out, whole families keeping well at a trifling cost. We advise all to try it. Read. The Hon. J. White lias a Chester colt at ' s- his Rand wick stables which is intended for the English Derby. Mr. Lvnc dealt with the irrigation question in bis speech at Gosling Greek. He said that the Government intended to bring in a bill dealing with the question of water supply throughout the colony- The London Globe remarks upon the pretty taste in language shown by an Australian correspondent to a London sporting paper, who describes a South Australian clergyman (name unknown), who had spoken against tlie introduction of the " totalisator," or betting machine, into his parish, as one of the " white- chokered devil-dodgers of sancti monious South Australia." A Wise Deacox. — "Deacon Wilder, I want you to tell me how you kept yourself and family so well the past season, when all the rest have been sick so much, and have had tlie doctors running to us so often." " Brother Taylor, the answer is very easy. I used Hop Bitters in time, and kept my family' well, and saved large doctor's bills. Four shillings' worth of it kept us, all well and able to work all lhe_ time, "and I will warrant it has cost — -you and most of the neighbours £10 to £100 apiece to keep sick the same time. I fancy you'll take iiiy- medicine hereafter." See. Civil servants are to\ have their salaries reduced. The Ministry consider that while all other classes in the country are suffering from the general depression tlie civil servants r-" should bear their shave of the burden of en- deavouring to restore the finances of tlie country — very good, if it is carried out, es- . pecially among the number who draw large J/' salaries and do little work. The safest and Best Internal Remedy. — It is safe to take Dr. Bell's Bitters at any time, but to get tlie best results, they should be taken on a empty stomach, going tjgjJ.Tt is well on the night you take Ofoeat lit- tlc or 110 supper. As 110 twfcuopleare affec ted precisely the sajm|f7ii)ce qnantity of . 0,e same medicine, it is difficult to determine and it is something which must be y"1 lett to the discretion of the patients. We will say, though, that the average dose for an adult is from four to ten, according to effect. There is a very religious restaurant in Bos ton, on the walls of which there is an odd jumble of texts of scripture and items from tlie bill of fare, something as follows : — " He shall feed His flock like a Shepherd — Hot Sausages 10 cents." " If you be Obedient yc \- shall eat of the Fat of the Land — Apple Sauce 5 cents." " God moves in a Mysterious — Hash 10 cents." " Bc careful for HBing — Coffee and Cakes 10 ceuts." Crfd'-Kiijc divine was one day walking one of tlie'VtrcQts of the capital of the when lie metUi well- known tinker. John, can you say the Lord's Prayer " Oeli, man." said John, "every man s trade. Can you male' a tin pail '?" e, following poemlet is good, and we reg%t that we do not know the name of the person who wrote it, so as to give him tlie .credit he deserves '.'From off the running rivulet the icy chain » is thawed, And the flutter of the winglet of tlie dovelet is abroad ; "" The quakelet of the ducklet in the brooklet we can hear, And the rootlet of the piglet will presently appear." 