JESS. TS387 BY H. BIDED IIAGGABD, Author of " Iuxo Soloxor's Mines." Chapter XXX. — "We Must Part, John." Jess and her companion stood in awed silence and gazed at the blackening and dis torted corpses of the thunder-blasted Boers. Then thoy went past them to the tree which grew some ten paces or more on the other side of the place of destruction. There was some difficulty iu gotting the horses past the corpses, but at last they came with a wheel and a snort of suspicion, and wcro tied up to tho tree by John. Meanwhile Jess took some of tho hard- boiled eggs out of the basket and vanished, re marking that she was going to tako her clothes off and dry them in tho sun while she ate her breakfast, and advising him to do tho same. Accordingly, as soon as she was well out of sight behind the shelter of the rocks, she pro ceeded to get out of her sodden garments, in itself a task of no little difficulty, wringing them out and spreading them one by one on the flat water-washed rocks around, which were by now thoroughly warm iu the sun. Then she went down a few paces to a pool in tho rock- bed of the river, under tho shadow of tho bank, and bathed hor bruises and washed the sand and mud from her hair and feet. After this she camo and sat herself on n slab of flat rock out of the glare of tho sun, and ntc her breakfast of hard boiled eggs, nnd re flected on the position in which sho found her self. For her heart was very sore and heavy, and sho could find it in her to wish that she was lying somewhere beneath those rushing waters. She had calculated on death and now she was not dead, and she and hor shame and her trouble might yet livo for many a year, Sho was liko 0110 who in her sleep had soared on angel's wings out into tho airy depths, and then awakened with a start to find that she had tumbled from her bed. All tho heroic scale, ail the more than earthly depth of passion, all tho spiritualised desires that had sprung iuto being beneath the shadow of the approaching end, had como down to the common level of au un desirable attachment, along which sho must now drag her weary fcot for many a year. Nor was that all. Sho had been false to Bessie, and more, she had broken Bessie's lover's troth. She had tempted him and he had fallen, and now he was ns bad as she. Death would hare justified all this ; sho would never have done it had she thought sho was going to live ; but now death had cheated her, as bo bos a way of doing with people to whom his presonco is more or less desirable, and left hor to cope with the spirit she had invoked when his sword was quivering ovor her. What would bo tho end of it supposing they escaped? What could bo tho end excopt misery ? It should go no further, far as it had gone, thnt sho sworo ; no, not if it broko hor heart and his too. Tho conditions were altered again, and tho memory of thoso droadful and wonderful hours when they two swung upon the raging river and exchanged their undying troth with the grave for their altar, must bo a memory and nothing more. It had risen on their lives liko some beautiful yet terrible dream-imago of celestial joy, and now like a dream it must vanish. And yot it was no dream, except iu so far as all her life was a dream and a vision, a riddlo of which glimpses of the answer camo as rarely as gleams of sun shine on a rainy day. Alas ! it was no droam ; it was a portion of tho living, breathing past, that having once been is immortal iu its every part and moment, incarnating as it does tho very spirit of immortality, an utter incapacity to chango. As the net was, as tho word had beon spoken, so would act and word bo for over and for over. And now this undying thing must bo caged and cast about with the sem blance of death and clouded over with the shadow of an unreal forgotfulnoss. Oh, it wa3 bitter, very bitter 1 What would it be now to go awav, right away from him and know him married to hor owu sister, tho other woman with a prior right? What would it bo to think of Bessio's sweetness slowly erooping into her empty place and filling it, of Bessie's gentlo constant lovo covering up tho recollection of their wilder passion, pervading it and covoring itupasthotwilightslowly pervades andcovers up tho day, till at last perhaps it was nil blotted out and forgotten iu the night of forgotfulnoss? Aud yet it must bo 60, sho was determined that it should'bo'so. Ah, that she had died then with his kiss upon hor lips 1 Why had ho not lot her dio ? And tho poor girl shook her damp hair ovor her face and sobbed in her heart, ns lb.blt.he4 by .pedal arrangements with the author. AUrliWirtitrvth Eve might have sobbed when Adam reproached her. But naked or drossed, sobbing will nr.f mend matters in this sad world of ours, a fact that Jess had Iho sense to realise; so she presently wiped hor eyes with her hair, having nothing else handy to wipo them with, and set to work to get into her partially dried garments again, a process calculated to irritate the most forlunato and happy minded woman in the whole wide world. Certainly in her present frame of mind ihoso damp, bullet torn clothes drove Jess nearly wild, so much so that had she boon a man sho would probably have sworn— a consolation that her sex denied her. Fortu. natoly sho had a travelling comb iu her pocket," with which sho made shift to do her curling hair, if hair can lie said to bo done when one lies not a hairpin or even a hit of string to fasten it up with. Then, after a last and frightful struggle with her sodden boots, that seemed to take almost as much out of her ns her roll at the bottom of the Vnal, sho rose and walked back to tbo 6pot whero sho had left John an hour bofore. Ho wa3 employed when she reached him in saddling up the second of tho two greys with the saddles and bridles thnt he had re moved from the carcases of tho horses which tho lightning had destroyed. "Hulloa, Jess, you look quite smart. Dave you dried your clothes V" he said. "I have after a fashion." ' " Yes," she auswercd. ' lie looked at her. "Why, dearest, you have been crying. Come, things are black enough, but it is uo use crying. At any rate wo have got oil with our lives so fur." " John," said Jess sharply, "there must bo no more of that. Things havo changed. Wo were dead last night. Now- wo have como to life again. Besides," sho addod, with a ghost of a laugh, " perhaps you will seo Bessie to morrow, I should think we ought to have got to tho eud of our misfortunes." John's faco fell, as the recollection of tho impossible nnd most tragic position in which they wcro placed, physically aud morally, swept into his mind. " My dearest Jess," be said, " what is to ho done '?" She stamped hor foot, in the bitter anguish of her heart. " I told you," she said, "that there must be no moro of that. What are you thinking about ? From to-day wo nro dead to each other. I have done with you and you with me. It is your own fuult ; you should have let mc die. Oh, John, John," sho wailed out, " why did you not let mc die ? Why did wo not botli dio ? We should have been happy now, or — a6loop. We must part, John, we must part ; aud what shall I do without you? what shall I do?" Her distress was so poignant that it affected him, so that for a moment he could not answer hor. " Would it not be best to mako a clean breast of it to Bessie '?" he said at last. " I shorn ! foci a blackguard for tho rest of my life, but upou my word I havo a mind to do it." "No, no," sho cried passionately, "I will not have you do it 1 You shall swear to mc that you will never breathe a word to Bessie. I will not hare her bappiucss destroyed. Wo liavo sinned, we must suffer ; not Bessie, who is innocent and only takes her right. I promised my dear mother to look after Bcssio and protect her, and I will not he the ouo to betray her — never, never! You must marry her nnd I must go away. There is no other way out of it." John looked at her, not knowing what to say or do. A sharp pang of despair went through him as ho watched tho passionate pale faco and the great eyes dim with tears. How was he to part from hor ? He put out his arms to tako her in them, but she pushed him away almost fiercely. "Havo you no honor?" sho cried. "Is it not all hard enough to bear without your tempting mo? I tell you it is all douo with. Finish saddling that liorse and let us start. Tho sooner wc get off tho sooner it will bo over, unless tho Boors catch us again and shoot us, which I devoutly hope they may. You must mako up yourmiudtorcmeinberthat Iaui noth ing but your sister-in-law. If yon will not remember it, then I shall ride away and lcavo you to go your way and I will go mine." John said no moro. Hor determination was as crushing as tho cruel necessity thnt dictated it. Wlmt was more, his own reason and souse of honor approved of it, whatever his passion might prompt to the contrary. As ho turned wearily to finish saddling tho horses ho almost regretted with Jess that they had not hoth been drowned and got it ovor. Of course the only saddles that they had wcro thoso belonging to the dead Boers, which was very awkward for a lady. Luckily, bow- oror, for herself, Jess could, from constant practice, ride almost as well ns though she had been trained to tho riug, nnd was ovcu capable of balancing herself without a pommel ou a man's saddle, having often and often lidJeu round tho farm iu that way. So soon as the horses were ready sho astonished John by clam bering into tho snddlo of tho older and steadier animal, placing her foot in tho stirrup strap aud announcing that she' was ready to start. " You had better rido straddle legs, said John. " It isn't usual, I know, but you will tumblooff so." " You shall seo," sho said with a littlo laugh, putting the horse into a canter as sho spoke. John followed her on tho other horse, and noted with amazement that Bho sat as straight and steady on her slippery soat ns though sho were on a huuting saddle, keeping hersolf from 'a'''DS by au instinctive balancing of tho body which was very curious to notice. When they got well on to tho plain thoy baited to consider thoir ronto, and as thoy did so Jess pointed to tho long lines of vultures descending to feast on their would-be murderers. If thoy wont down tho river it would lead them to Standerton, and there they would be safe if they could got into tho town' which was garrisoned by English. But then, as thoy had gathered from tho conversation or thoir escort, Standerton was closely invested1)/ tho Boers, and to try nnd pass through tueir lines was moro than thoy dared to do. It was true that thoy still had a pass sigucd by tno Boor genoral, hut after what had occurred tney wore not unnaturally somowhat sceptical aoons the valuo of passes, nnd certainly unwilling to put their efficacy to the proof. So after due consideration thoy had determined to nvoj Standerton in the opposite direction tiUtny found a practicable ford of the Vaal. f01 nately, they both of them had a very fair m of the lay of the land ; nnd, in addition to t i John possessed a small compass fastened to , watch chain, which would enable him to stew "IlitTcoriect courso across the veldt-n fact f PfLld render them independent of the 1 S. On the roads they would run a moinen- a certainty, of detection. But Ko Vide veldt the chances were they Jn meet no Wring creature oxccpt Oin wild game. Should they come across houses they would bo able to avoid them, and inhabitants would probably bo far j,wy tom home on business connected with the Accordingly they rodo ten miles or more thor bank without seeing a soul, when Kachcd a space ot bubbling, shallow water that looked fordnble. Indeed, an investigation of the bants revealed the fact that a londed waggon had passed the river at no distant date, nerhaps a week before. i> That is good enough, said John; r\c will try it." And without further ndo they fnho'confre of the stream the water was shone and deep, and for a few yards took the torsos off their logs, bat they struck out boldly till ther got their footing agnm ; aud after that there was no more trouble. On the further sido of the river John took connscl with hiscompnss, and they steered a courso straight for Mooifon- tein. At midday they offsaddlcd the horses for an hour by some water, and ate a small portion of their remaining food. Then they upsaddled and went on across tbo lonely, desolate veldt. No human being did they see all that long day. Tho wide country was only tenanted by (great herds of thundering game that catno rushing past like squadrons of cavalry, or here and hero by . coteries of vultures, hissing nnd fighting furiously over somo dead uck. And so at last twilight came on and found them aloae in the wilderness. "Well, what is to bo done now?" said John, pulling up his tired horso. ' 1 It will be dark in half an hour." Joss slid from her aaddlo as she answered, "Get off and go to sleep, I suppose." Shcwasqnito right; there was absolutely no- Ihino else that they conld do ; so John sot to worl£ nnd hobbled tbo horses, tying them to gether for further security, for it would be a dreadful thing if they wore to stray. By tho time that this was dono the twilight was gathering into night, and the two sat down to contemplate their surroundings with feolings akin to despair. So far asthooyo could reach there was nothing to be seen but a vast stretch of lonely plain, across which tho night wind blew ia dreary gnsts, making tho green grass ripple like the sea, There was absolutely no shelter to bo had, nor anything to break tho monotony, unless it was a coaplo of ant-heaps abent five paces apart. John sat down on one of the ant- heaps, and Jess took up her position on the other, nnd there they re mained, like pelicans in tho wilderness, watch ing the daylight fade out of tho day. "Don't you think that we had better sit to gether?" suggested John feebly. "It would he warmer, yon see." "No, I don't," answered Jess snappishly. 11 1 am very comfortable as I am. " Unfortunately, however, this was not the ex act truth, for poor Jess's teeth were already chattering with cold, Soon, indeed, they found that the only way to keep their blood moving was, weary as they were, to continually tramp np and down. Alter an hour and a half of this or so, tho breezo dropped and the temperature got' mere suitable to their lightly clad, half starved, and almost exhausted bodies. Then the moon camo np, and the hyaenas, or wolves, or somo such animals, came up also and howled round them — though they could not see them. These hyrenas proved more than 'Jess's nerves conld stand, and sho at last condescended to ask Jon to share her ant heap; thero they sat, shivering in each other's arms, throughout tho lira long night. Indeed, had it not bcon for the Warmth thoy gathered from each other, it is firobablo that thoy would bavo fared even worso haa thoy did ; for though the days woro hot, tho nights tvero now beginning to get cold on tha high veldt, especially when, as at present, tho air had recently been chilled by tho passage of a heavy tempest. Another drawback to their romantic situation was that they were posi tively soaked by the falling dow. There thoy sat, or rather cowered, for hour after hour without sleeping, for sleep was impossible, nnd almost without speaking ; end yet, notwith standing the misery of their circumstances, not altogether unhappy, Bince they were united in their misery. At last tho eastern sky began to turn grey, and John roso and shook the dew from his hat and clothes, and limped off as well as hiB half frozen limbs wonld allow to catch the horses, which were standing together some yards awuy, looking hugo and ghostlike in tho joist By sunrise he had managed to saddle them up, and thoy started ouco more. This time, however, he had to lift Jess on to the saddle.- .About eight o'clock they halted and ate their little remaining food, and then proceeded slowly enough, for tho horses were almost as tired as thoy were, and it was necessary to hus band thorn if thoy were to reach Mooifontcin by i, u niidday they halted for an hour and a naif, and then, feeling almost worn out. « i in onco morei reckoning that they could be more than 16 or 17 miles from Mooifon- lB J Wtts about two hours after this tlint m catastrophe happened. Tho courso thoy ere following ran down the sido of one land ave, then across a littlo swampy sluit, and up o opposite slope. They crossed the swampy pound, walked their horses up to the crest of o opposite rise, and found themselves face Boers'8 w " ' armed and mounted 