THURSDAY, J UN la 10, 1886. An explanation os to why the present debate was commenced in the Assembly, and why it is prolonged, was offered yesterday by Mr. PATTERSON. Moving about amongst members, the lion, gen- tleman has discovered that " they like " a talk about affairs," and of course they are in a position to indulge in this amiable but tedious propen- sity at pleasure. And as the hon. gentlemen are now in full oratorical swing, no one would be inclined to prophesy when they are likely to pull up. Mr. WRIXON'S appeal to the House to end the matter and to allow the session to commence was not very urgent. It had a perfunctory sound. The fact is, that a now Ministry meeting Parliament for the first time, and meeting a Parliament containing an unusual proportion of new members, is by no means un- willing to utilise a legitimate oppor- tunity of asceitaining the views and the ideas of its critics and judges. Tone and sympathy count for a gi eat deal, and they aio mado manifest to the ex- ports by a discussion. However, Mr. DENT is to do his best to contract his list of speakers. So far the only debating speech has been that of Mr. JlAUi'Hit. 1'ho mem- ber for East Bourke was three times as long as he need have been, but there was stuff in his reinarles; criti- cism that had to be repelled, and charges which had to be replied to. The other addresses-good, bad, and indifferent-and the flou., lias had specimens of the three classes-have buen for the most part wide of any prac- tical mark. Yesterday the Opposition put up speakers from its front rank, but these gentlemen had no such attack to make as that of the previous evening. Colonel SMITH'S one real grievance is that Ministers aro in and he is out, but his ostensible complaint is that there is no proper Minister of Mines. Of course, tho Government have been unfortunate in this matter, and probably they aie now feeling the pulse of the House as to whother they must rearrange their positions or whother thoy can risk proposing the creation pf another office. So soon as the Government find themselves firmly in the saddle, the omission will bo repaired one way or the other. And it looks very much as if the idea of an eleventh Minister would have to be abandoned, the wonder indeed being that it was ever entertained. Mr. PATTERSON'S contribution was not so much a criticism of the Government as a political lectuic. Allusions to the prodigal promising of Ministers at the elections was almost the only party hit indulged in, and Mr. PATTERSON admits that hon. gentlemen liavo altered thuir tone a good deal "about " loans for irrigation with or without " interest," since they carno back from the constituencies. AU is well that ends well. The member for Castle- maine gained the ear of the Eouso by bearing testimony to the good work performed by the ex-Premier, Mr. SERVICE, and by Mr. BI:RRY, and by suggesting that a vote of thanks should be passed to the ex-agent-geacral, Mr. MURRAY SMITH. And a large number of members, at all events, ap- peared to cordially approve of his senti- ment that, while federation; is the ques- tion of the day, it is a mockery tu talk about it unless we act in a federal spirit. Por instance, as Mr. PATTERSON puts it, the distrust of New South Wales is natural; and is to bo expected so long as we specially tax their pro duets by means of the oattlo impost. ]3ut Mr. PATTERSON is aware that private members havo essayed to remove the tax before now, and that consequently ho is at liberty to head a final, and wo should hope a successful, crusade. ¡Such an action would bo specially grateful, because, as Mr. PATTERSON was re- minded, ho (as a leading member of the first Berry Ministry) may be regarded as the author of the impost. The cir- cumstance had evidently passed from Mr. PATTERSON'S recollection, but he was not abashed, as, happily, he is but one of many converts. It is a merit of the discussion about federa- tion, that it is gradually opening the oyes of the men who were once eager to penalise the use in Victoria of Aus- tralian produce. Mr. Wr.rxoN's address was note- worthy becauso it took up the story of the ad valorem scandals where Mr. WALKER left off on Tuesday. The Minister of Customs intimated that he had sent the papers to the Crown Law Offices, with an urgent recommendation that prosecu- tions should be initiated. Mr. WRIXON accepts the responsibility of non-pro- cedure. He will, he says, accuse no man, rich or poor, by commencing a prosecution .unless he lias a fair prospect of obtaining a conviction. In this in- stance he was as eager that the offenders should not go unwhipt of justice as waa Mr. WALKER, but he was stopped at the commencement. The charge is that tweeds were sent from Sydney to Melbourne to bo made into clothing. Duty was paid upon the cloth at one rate, and by means of false and fictitious invoices diawback was ob- tained at another and higher rate. To establish a case, the evidence of the Sydney firms who sent the tweeds, and who received the clothing, is indispensable, ns they alone can produce the invoices, and can identify the goods. But though they showed the invoices to Mr. WALKER, they decline to give them to the Crown Law Offices. Mr. SUTHERLAND, the Crown solicitor, visited Sydney himself, and he could not obtain tho desired co-operation. The Warehousemen's Association adhered to their position that while desirous of exposing the system they would not be informers against individuals. The scandal is to bo deeply regretted. Nothing could be more unfortunate than that the Sydney warehousemen should bo willing to go so far and no further, leaving a stigma which belongs to individuals to attach to the trade, but no fair-minded man can blame the two Victorian Ministers. The best thing for the credit of the port is probably to drop the subject, trusting that the alarm and Mr. WALKER'S now arrangements will check fraud in the future. Frauds of some kind, and to some extent, of courso, there will always be. They are the gloomy, inseparable shadow of the protective system, which at every turn handicaps the honest and favours the tricky trader. The discussion that has recontly been carried on at home regarding the de- pression in trade has resulted, to some extent, in establishing the fact that the scarcity of gold has assisted in bl inging matteis into the present unsatisfactory position. Therefore, with a revival in the mining industry, and a greater production of gold, a general revival in trade should almost immediately take place. With this certainty. boforo us, one of the largest gold-producing com- munities in the world, it seeïns astonishing that the 'industry is at present in anything but a satisfactory position. Many old mines have stopped working, and though many now ones have been opened up the returns have not been such as to encourage fresh operations. There must bo some reason for the want of confidence that is now shown in mining ventures, and which prevents capital being invested in thom as freely as it used to be. In tho old times the expenses were not heavy, as gold was found near the surface, but no w that the raines have to be worked at greater and greater depths, the cost of procuring the gold is heavier. But against this we have to put the improved machinery and appliances for extracting gold, which were not in use before, so that at present comparatively poor stone is found to pay well where previously it left a loss. There is therefore no reason why the sinking to greater depths should be any obstacle to success in mining, especially as it has been proved that there is more uniformity in the forma- tion at certain dopths than in shallower levels. But is it impossible to improvo the present appliances for extracting gold from the stono 1 We think not. A few inquiries aro made occasionally by individuals interested in mining, but the rosults so far have not boon satisfactory, and no chango has been made in methods which have been in oxistenco for many years, and owners aro con- tented to plod along in the old stylo, and leave matters to chance. In hardly anything else have we done the same thing. We are a progressive peoplo, as has been proved over and over again, and as our city of to-day gives abundant evidence. There is little doubt that _ considerable amount of labour, and thereby expense, can bo saved with better appliances, and also that better means aro in mauy cases obtainable for extracting gold, and thereby adding to the profits. This question has latterly attracted a little moro attention, but it should not bo allowed to rest here, and 1 full inquiries should bo made with a view of obtaining the latest inventions and methods for extracting gold, not only out of refractory stones and ores, but also with the object of obtaining more gold if possible out of ordinary quaitz. This, without doubt, is one question in connexion with mining which should not bo allowed to rest till tho fullest inquiries have been made. The public, apparently, have lost con- fidence in mining to a great extent owing to the numerous companies which have been started at diil'eront times to work auriferous ground, and which in so many instances have proved utter failures, and have occasioned serious losses to those who had invested in them. This is certainly not caused by the want of really good country to work, for there aro many parts of the colony which promise good returns if properly worked, which have as yet hardly been touched. It is due, we think, to the want of judgment in taking up land only because others in the vicinity are obtaining good returns, without considering whether the formation of the country gives them any promise of success. And besides this, very often the land is taken np and the leport made out by a man «ho liny be a good enough miner, but boyond that has not sufficient knowledge to justify him in the opinion contained in the reports on the leases. This, we consider, is one of the weakest points in this gieat industry. Almost oveiy per- son who holds any post of responsi- bility in other matters is compelled to pass sonio examination or hold some qualification as to his competency for the position. But in this instance any one who has a little knowledge of mining can become amanager, and thus a really good ventuiemay eusily be ruined by want of judgment and knowledge. Tho Government, however, compels the engineers who woik under the manager to hold certificates of compe- tency, but the manager who controls the fortunes of the shareholders, and who if any one should have some special knowledge, is not required to hold any special licence or certificate. Wo understand that a Mining Managers' Association has recently been formed, but it seems to be more of a mutual protection society than one to give or disallow certificates of competency. We have our Schools of Mines, and special arrangements could no doubt easily be made for examinations to he held and certificates granted to those who duly qualified themselves for mining managers. Theso men, after having had some practical experience, would be able to judge far more correctly of the proj spects of mines, of the formations, _c., and would in many cases by their know- ledge of geology be able to save úseles» expense, and be more certain of finding what they were seeking. In no country in the world are mining managers selected in the haphazard manner that obtains in this colony. On the Con- tinent, in India, and America, the best men obtainable, men that have had the best educations, aro appointed, and although higher salaries have to be paid, these are more than saved by the benefits derived from their special knowledge. Besides this, if men had their certificates to lose, which would mean their livelihood, they would be very chary of signing reports unless they were certain of what they said, and the glowing reports which have been so numerous during the past few years would probably disappear, unless really justified by the prospects of the land to be mined. With reports signed by men oí experience and responsibility, and really capable managers to work the mines, the confidence of the public would soon bo regained, and more money would be forthcoming to devolope' our great mineral resources, and by doing so add wealth and prosperity to tho colony. i Victoria contains many districts which give every promise of as good roturns as have been obtained from Ballarat and Sandhurst, and yet the public will not como forward and assist to developo ? these sources of wealth, because it lucks confidence in the knowledge and ability of the men' applying to them for capital. If the mining industry could be placed on a moro satisfactory footing in these matters, wo feel certain that it would soon again be in a nourishing condition, and with the large tracts of auriferous country known to exist within our borders a great futuro would b'e opened _p to us, while with a revival in this industry a general revival in trade would soon follow, which would bo of the greatest benefit to all With such prospecta bofore us, it is astonishing that matters are left m the piesent unsatisfactory Btate, but we tiust that steps may soon be taken which will bung about a refor mation in these matters which would certainly lead to a revival in our great mining industry which would again mako us the greatest gold producing country in the world The sexagenarian question can be debated by Pailiumont with moro know-' ledge now that tho annual report of the Public Service Boiud lias boen published than it could bofoie It Booma that there aie 170 oíEceis in tho state, exclusivo of teachers, who aie hable to be dealt with uudoi section 100 of Act 773, oi tho cor- responding section of Act No 1C0. Thoa agos commence at GO and run on to 79 Tho old act has been completely ignored in this as in other instances. Aecoiding to the old law all sexagenarians weie out of the sort ice unless specially re- tained by an ordor of tho Governor in Council, but as a matter of fact no orders woioissuod,andyotthesoxagonarian8went on Foi the law that the ofheer should lutire unless ho was retained, thora was substituted a custom that the olhcer should lomani unless he was directed to rotuo Commissioners appointed to cany out an act cannot waive it, how I eui, as Miniatura were wont to do, and | ParluHüont will now have to lay down principles intelligible for all, for tho com missionois to carry out And though the proposal to sweep most of the soxugona nans suddenly away has created much fooling, yet the old practice of allowing thom to stay on-varied by an occa- sional swoop on individuals-IB by no means likely to bo fallen back upon. Tho piinciplos adopted by the Pubho bonico Bouid woie, wo leam, as fol- lows - " 1 'J lint no officer shall bo permitted to retire it his retirement will interfere with the proper tiunsuetion of public business 2 I hut the number of oflicers to retire from uni dep irtment, nt any one time sholl not be so treut ua to impair the efhciency of the department in the conduct of public business. J Uiat no oflicer shall be retained li Ins duties cun be perlormed equallj well by other oflicers who ure not o\eruge, 4 'lhat no ofheer -hall be retained unless be is quite fit for the tlischurgc of his duties ' Tho rulo which lias created the stir is the thud -Io possiblo fault can be found with the othois, but No 3, strictly eui i ted out, meins that 19 out of 20 sexa genaimns must go as they reach the aga, uiospcctive of their willingness or fitness this is the fan interpretation of the language of tho act, no doubt, but it was not exactly the intention of Parliament, winch lather had tho old practico in ita 0} u than the actual w ords of the section. Hie quostion is one for compromiso. Moi o espociallv is it advisable to make some elloit to minimise the painful discretion which tho commissioners must exoiciso With a MOW of holping on a settlement, it may bo suggested that the commissioners' rules should stand with the following amendment in rule No 3 - ' 1 hut no officer shall be retained after at tulumi! the ut,_ ot 0 > it his duties can be per tormed equal I j well by other oflicers who are not over UL,e Or tho nge of C3 might bo substituted. If this olmngo woie made, olhceis on at- taining (J0 ycai s could retire if they pleased, oi thoy could bo rohoved by the boaid " if not quite ht for tho discharge " of then duties " But as a rule, doubtless, tho man willing to work would go on At 63 oi 05, however, tho office» would rotiro, unless thoio were special featmes inhis o iso-unloss, say, ho wero » Govoi nniont botanist, a Government as- tronome!, or a cleik of Parliament, whose soi weet obviously should bo utilised to the last Thoio ought to be few mon at aetivo work in tho public service after Bay 05. A uiateful country eau afford to poñsion off officers who have served until that age. And in most cisos men who claim that they aro as ht at G5 as e\ or tliey were, prove that their power» aro filling by the assertion In t bullmnt passngo, is ritten in mutation of his groat uncle, -itE\t_iiN siys tint Cawnporo and other disasters of tho Mutiny weio directly tr icoable to the II E I Company cmploj ing colonels w ho should havo bo.ii enjoying thou ease at Bath, and genei tis who should li ive buen fighting old b ittlos over iigiiu at Cheltenham, and tho mis tako enn bo mado in civil as well as in mihtaiy matters. Ono of Mi Huwui. complaints on Tuesday ovoning against things in neneral, dealt with tho iiumbei of Vic tonan children " ho do not ittond school 'J here aro 18,000 of these out of 200,000 chililien of " school nge" in tho colony, according to Mr HARPER, quoting the (ío\ eminent statistician as his luthonty Unfortunitdy, Mi HAIN.», at p 012 of his Ycat Bool has to ncknow ledge that his figures undoi this hoad " m iv doubtless bo moro or loss wide of "the truth " Although neiulj fouryears haï e elapsed smco the Education Oom missioiicrs githci.d ewdouce, it is pro »ably still the case, as thoy lopoit, that 1 aecurite and relmblo distntt lolls of " cluldion between Behool a^cs " lia» e alnavs boen w mting in Victoiin, «id that tho school census is a niattei of guess work Mr G W BROW V told tho com- mission that he "thought tho census of "attondanoo of so little ^iluo tint ho " took no note of its liguies " Tho « bolo " system of taking the school cousus "«as," according to Mr C II PEAB so\ in 1882, "confused mid disorderly " An education return just presented to tho Impeual Parliament allows of somo comparison w ith tho stato of things hore Oui. 70_r per cent of tho number of scholats whoso nain03 110 on the registers, and only 75 per cent of the number that ought to bo found at school, attend leguWily 111 England and Wales Commilsory attendance Booms to be less rigorously enforced thoie of recent years The school buildings are ample, and only 07 per cent of tho children for whom accommodation exists attend The conti lbution per scholar from the state of couiso contiasts foicibly with the figures hero Tho ox pendituie in " board schools ia now _a 6s 4d per hoad (made up partly from the rates and partly fiom tho Government giant), m denominational schools it ia a pond deal less Taking tho two systoms togcthor, it appears that tho cost of elementary education per scholai has increased 5_ pel cent since 1870 It is still growing m England and Wales, but is furbelnndtluw eragocostof neaily £. 14s per scholar in Victoni, and £8 2s 8d m Ken South Wales £0,030,023 was spont in education in England and Walos last jenr The amount lecoived from school police paid by tho poorest parents is still increasing Paying scholars attend moro i ogularly than those w ho do not pay any- thing Night schools aio "in a somi " inanimate " condition, and docioasing m numbers Instiuction m diawinglia. gone backward instead of forwaid It is found, howevci, that as tho ambitious woik such as Latin, algobra, chemistry falls oil, the quality of the eloiiientaty woik nupiovps It may bo somo con- solation to Mr IlAitrFii to hoar that Balauos in England and Wales aie using all round At first sight it IB difficult to under stand or to sj mpathiso w îth tho exprès sions of disappointment w Inch hu\ o fallen from tho Amorican pi ess and pcoplo on learning of tho lojcction of the Home Hule Bill by tho House of Commons It appears, howevoi, that in the United States the most rosy and chceiful antici- pations had boon indulged m o\ oi sinco Mr GIADSIONF'S Irish Parliament with its rich promises of "occupation" for Irishmen gonorally during the next few years, came within mcasurablo distançai of realisation Amoi loans estmiato tho Irish population, especially the lush ward politicians who aro to bo met with in the Amoncan cities, \cry much m deod But Ameiicans ire not selfish in the matter, and thorcforo bore with resignation the prospect of losing many citizens of Irish bnth and parentage when onco tho Homo Rulo Bill becamo law A cirtoon in Ilaipei's Wiekhj, aftor tho bill was intro- duced, represented Uncle Sam o\ercomo with gratitudo, and embracing tho Kngbsh Premier A laigo poster m the Dackground mvitod Amencun Irishmen to otum speedily, and in numboia, to iule [roland The enthusiasm w ith which many Americans wore piopared to "spood the "parting" Irish guest is explained by some recent occurrences in tho United States A repoit presented to CongLcss on the Bubject of tho cowardly and atiocious outiagos on tho Chinese in the western territories ascribes theso mci dents to "tho Irish" The PBKSIDENI has lecommauded that a sum of £30,000 bo appropnated by Congress as com- pensation to tho survnors of tue anti Chinese riots , and that is a good deal of money Aeain.it is found that eight out of the 12 Now York City Councillors who have boen implicated m tho "Broadway "steil," namely, CIEAUV, SHIELS, FAIIIKV, M'QITADE, M'CABE, DUKPI, REILLY, and DEMPSK\, weio of Irish birth or parentage Hie Americans looked forward wistfully to tho moment when thov would have to part with many Irish Americans of tins calibre, whose talents and experience would have been invaluable when the two Parliamontniy "orders" contemplated by Mi GLADSTONE woie established in Dublin AB Monday ? division decided that all this is not to bo, tho American press and public feel dis couraged A'graphic and interesting description by "1 he Vagabond of the opening ceremony in connexion with the Colonial and Indian exhibition is published in another por tion ot 'J he A> gus this morning "lhe Vagabonds letter was sent by cable from London to America, and brought from San 1 rancisco by tho lust Californian mail thus reaching Melbourne a considerable time before any account of the opening of the Exhibition could have been reeeived bj the mail steamers via Suez. Kir Gillies was confined to Ins house jesterday, m consequence of indisposition 1 he Chief Secretar) announced in the Lcgis lative Assembly, in the afternoon, that the hon gentleman would very HUel) be in his plate m the House to daj 1 here was but one question asked in the Lc(,ialutne Assembly yesterduy of liny im portante It came from Mr Munro, who inquired if the Government intended to pro vide for an increase in the salaries of icmale as well as mule teachers Mr Pearson re plied that it was his intention to recommend hiB colleagues to increase the salaries of some female teachers but it would be impossible to meet ull their demands the I i(,islative Assembly shook itself free from prchminaiy troubles early jesterday aiternoon, and Mr Anderson (Villiers and Hejtesbury) was able to resume the debute on the address in reply to the Governors speech before 1 o clock Ile was a candid friend to the Government, not such as Mr Harper avowed himself to be but one who carne within the full meanin_ of the term His onlj objection is that the Ministers are all citj men, connected with the press and the law without unj representatives of pro vmcial interests but bejond that he has nothing to saj against them On the con trarj he believes m them, and Ministers bj their cheers indicated that they believed in lum Colonel Smith followed Hie House is alwujs glad to bear thiB lion gentleman ni uttael, bei- aaso be is diverting Ivu one eau so well shake the dust from old party bunners or so easily release unwilling ghosts irom comfortable sepulchres He is good natured withal and ii he opposed the Government it wns lieenuse he sits on the iront Opposition beiicli \\\ hen ancient subjects were disposed of ho came to some of recent date and one of them was the circular issued by the town clerk of "chuca in favour of Mr Gillies ut the election. This document was rend with effect Colonel Smith is surprised that it is not made the subject of investigation bj- the 1 lections and Qualifications Committee Mr M'liean showed himself a whole souled sup porter of the Ministrj 'I he increasing pros penty of the country for the last few jears has he said, justilitd tue coalition forra of hovernnicut The good tone of the debate on the ad dress in the Legislative Assembly last m_lit vas improved bv Mr Patterson and Mr Wrixon, both of whom were attentively listened to Mr Patterson had BO little to suj n.ainst tho Government that he mi_ht cu.lb have been embraced as a friend 'Hie irrigation proposais put betöre the electors alarmed lum 1 armera were to have water lol nothing and the Opposition could not possibly have competed with the Go\ern ment unless they offered to Rive whisky with the water Hut in the Governors speech the Cabinet showed that it had recov cred its senses and become reasonable They had done nothing so far to justify condemnation and nceordinglj are to have fair play at the hands ot the Opposition Co operation and not coalition is be thinks, the spirit of the time and he will strive to live up to that idea. On extra Victorian subjects he was emphatic Federation was out of the question while the Government declined to remove the stock tax, but Imperial federation hud been advanced Kreativ by the conference just held on board JIMS Nelson, in Sidney Harbour, on the subject of Australasian defences In con elusion, the bon member urged the House to have some regard to the necessity for re trenchment If we are prosperous now, it is because to some extent we are living on borrowed money Mr Wrixon was glad to be able to compliment Mr Pat- terson on "his excellent speech," and he evoked Ministerial cheers by the announce ment that the Government will stand or fall by their measures. Hon. members who object to a coalition Government seemed to bim to huve'Jast sight of the fact that it is the ne- cessary outcome of the political condition of the country. Parties do not divide the people now; why should tbey divide Parliament! Mr. "Wrixon was amazed that Mr. Patterson should urge the repeal of the stock tax, seeing thut he was one of its authors. Dr. Kose spoke briefly, and the adjournment of the debate WUB moved by Mr. D. M. Davies nt 10 minutes past 10. Mr. Deakin was re- luctant to see business suspended so early, but Mr. lient very pleasantly supported Mr. Davies, and the adjournment was agreed to. The House rose immediately afterwards. The Employers' Liability Dill, which this session is to be a Government, measure, and which basbeen read a lira t time in the Legisla- tive Council, has been circulated. It differs in some essential particulars from the measure introduced last Bcssiou by the present Attorney-General when a private member. In the first place, domestic servants are ex- cluded from the list of persons who may recover damages under the act, actions may be brought.in the County Court insteud of only in the Supreme Court ; cmploi/ós ore not expressly forbidden to contract them- selves out of the benefit of the act; and there is a limit to the sum recoverable as comperi-' eation. Clause 7 deals with this last point It reads-"The amount of compensation re- coverable under this act Bhall not exceed such sum as may be found to be equivalent to the estimated earnings during the three years pre- ceding the injury of a person in the sume grade employed during those years in the like employment and in the district in which the workman is employed at the time of the in- jury." The act is to come into operation on January 1, 1887, and is to remain in force until December 31,1893. The Minister of Lands will shortly deal with the reserves under the 110th section of the Land Act, Reports are being obtained us to the character of the land in each reserve, with a view to enabling the Minister to determine how it shall be disposed of. Each reserve is being taken on its merits, and the land will be applied to the purposes tor which it is deemed to be most adapted. Wherever a public recreation ground is re- quired a block of land will be permanently reserved, and a similar course will be adopted in reference to the approaches to tanks for watering stock and irrigation. The more valuable portions of the lund are to be sold by publie auction, and the remainder will be thrown open for selection. Before any of the land in these reserves can be put up for sale, it is necessary to lay a schedule of it on the table of the Legislative Assembly for a period of one month prior to the date of Bale, this precautionary provision being inserted in the act so as to afford the representatives of the districts concerned an opportunity of object- ing to the disposal of any piece of land which, in the opinion of the residents, should be re- tained in the possession of the Crown. The attention of the Attorney-General was directed some time ago by the residents of Sandhurst to the inconvenience to which litigants in the country are frequently sub- jected owing to the want ot branches of the prothonotary's office in the provincial towns. Mr. Wrixon recognised that some claim for consideration existed, and therefore laid the application before the judges of the Supreme Court in the hope that they might seo their way to frame rules for the guidance of the deputy prothonotaries that might be ap- pointed. The judges are now engaged upon that duty, and as soon as they shall have completed their labours steps will be taken to give effect to the wish of the people of Sandhurst. A deputation from the Dimboola shire,' which was introduced to the Minister of Lands yesterday by Mr. W. Madden, M.L. A, and accompanied by Mr. R. Baker, M.L.A., urged that the Government should arrange with the Government of South Australia for the construction of a rabbit-proof fence on the border between that colony and Victoria. It was pointed out that about 90 miles of fence will be required, at an estimated cost of £8,000, half of which would be paid by boutli Australia, ana the deputation urged that the future of the mallee country de ponded upon the erection of this fence. The shire council also desired that wells should be sunk on three large blocks of land as jet unoccupied, BO as to open them up for settlement. Mr Dow said that the request as to the fence had como too late for the work to be done out of thiB year's votes, the monej being exhausted It was obviously to the interest ot the Government to secure the permanent settlement of the mallee country, however, and the mattershouldhavecarly cou sideration As to sinking wells, there was a great rush on the Water Supply department at present, but it was Mr Deakin, intention to obtain one or two augers tor water proa pooling purposes, and ho would communicate with bim on the subject. 'the board of directors of the Melbourne Telephone l_xchange Company met yesterday afternoon to consider the letter which had been lorvvarded to them by the Postmaster General in reference to the overtures made by the Government for the purchase of the business ol the companj No in- formation as to the result could be divulged, but it would appear that the directors take up tho position that, as negotiations for the acquisition of the shareholders' rights emanated from the Government and not from the directora, who represent that they have no desire to sell, the) are not called upon to greatlv modify the terms which they have already submitted to the Government Mr H liyron Moore, managing director, will send a replj to the Postmaster General thia morning 'the negotiations between the directora of the Metropolitan Gas Company and thoBe of the bouth Suburban Gas Company in re terence to the proposal to buy out the latter compauy have, apparently, been broken off for a time Yesterday the secretary of the Metropolitan Gas Company (Mr '1 Vasey), on behalf of the directors of the Metropolitan Conipanj, addressed the following letter to tim bouth buburban Company -" Metro- politan Gus Company, Melbourne, June 0, 1880-'I he Secretary ot the bouth buburban Gas Companj, Melbourne -Dear Sir,-I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 3id inst, enclosing a copy of the agreement between your compauy and the municipalities south of the Yarra. In reply, I beg to say that my directors are of opinion that no obligation exists at present Refer ring to my letter of the 21th ult, I am in- structed by my directors to request that a reply to their offer therein contained may be given before 2 o'clock of the 11th inst, as thej meet that afternoon-I have the honour to be, _c, IKOS VASFY, Secretar} It may be explained that when the Metropolitan Compan} made a dis tinct öfter (ot Is. per share) to buy up the South Suburban Compan}, the latter com puny» board asked the Metropolitan Com puny to show how the South Suburban Companys obligations to the municipalities south of the \ arra were tobe provided lor 'J he Metropolitan board as will be seen, suy that there are no obii0utions to those muni cipahties at present, but the South Suburban board hold u diflerent opinion lhey met yesterday afternoon for their usual weekly meeting and nBum discussed the whole ques tion, with the result that the} decided to write declining the oller of the Metropolitan Coin punj 'the classes in connexion with the St John Ambulance Societj which have been lormed ut Ballarat, Ivjneton, and Sandhurst, have just completed their course of lectures and the examination of the pupils will be made hy Dr Ochiltree Dr Hinchchfï, and Dr Duncan respectively at caeh town. Alto gether about t>0 pupils, comprising railway guards, porters, engine drivers and firemen, attended the lectures An examination was recently held in connexion with the class at the Malborough Btation, with the result that out of ten candidates who presented them Belves nine passed with excellent results At present classes are under tuition at Gee long, Ararat, Sale, and Seymour At jesterdnys meeting of the Melbourne Harbour 'trust the resident engineer reported that the amount of excavation accomplished at the Fisherman B Bend cutting during the month of April was l8 850 cubic j urds 1 here still remains a quantity of 21 4.(0 cubic sards to be removed before tho contract is com plcted, but preparations have been com mcnced for clearing up the cutting and hmshing the paving of the slopes prior to the water being let in A large deputation of shipowners coal merchants and produce traders waited on the trust, and strongly protested against the proposed removal of the coal sites from the north to the south bank of the river 1 hey urged that the contemplated change ot position would be highly incon veulent to the various interests concerned, and would involve alarie extra expenditure for carriage. The trust reaolvcd to reconsider the proposed removal in committee of the whole on Wednesday next Mesara Hodgkin son, Loader, M'Petrie and Mountain were appointed to interview the Chief Secretary on behalf of the trust, and submit an offer to pecuniarily help the Government in carrying out a scheme for the diversion of foul drainage from the Port Melbourne lagoon Captain Tullurton, harbourmaster presented a report on the advisability of securing sum clent land without delay for the future re quircmcnts of the trust in the matter of dock accommodation Hie report will be taken into consideration at the next ordinary meet nig of the trust Hie members of the cadet corps estab hshed at various public schools throughout the colony are shortly to be attired in mill t_.j uifilorm lhe Council of Defence at their weekly meeting yesterday, selected a neat and comparatively inexpensive style of uniform, consisting of a 1 ench cap, a tunic and trousers of dark blue serge, ornamented with red braid and piping, and the jacket having brass buttons No fewer than 1. coses of typhoid fever were reported to the Central Board of Health jesterday, five being at Coburg and three at talbot 'these make a total of 1,139 cases reported since Christmas, and 211) have proved fatal The disease is not confined to particular districts, CUBCS having been re ported from almost all parts of the colony The ladies constituting the Brighton, TI sternvvick, and Moorabbin division of the committee of the recent bazaar in aid of the ^\ omen a Hospital held their final meeting at the 'town hall, Brighton, on Tuesday Mrs J E Sherrard was in the chair Hie bon treasurer reported that the sum of £233 lUs 7d had been received as cash contribu tiona and £413 7a fid. had been realised by the Bale of articles at the ba.aar, making the total amount of the receipts £017 17B lhe sum ot £813s. had been disbursed m the purchase of articles and materials for making up, and 20s for petty expenses leaving a balance of £037 Ills, which had been paid over to the treasurer of the central committee lhe report waa received and adopted, and mutual congratulations were interchanged as to the result which had placed Brighton division highest on the list of suburban contributones to the hospital fund No small measure of the success was felt to be due t<v the exertions of the bon treasurer, Mrs Sherrard, to whom a very cordial vote of thanks was presented, and the same acknowledgment was made to the bon secre tury, Mr Edward Lucas. In J he Ai gua of yesterday a cable message from our London correspondent was pub hshed, stating that the Bavarian Landtag had appointed Prince Luttpold the uncle of the reigning king, us lte_ent lhe reason for the appointment waa not atated, but for a length of time past the eccentric conduct of the King of Bavaria has occasioned surprise and alarm 'Hie following extract from the Home Hews of 1 ebruary 19 gives Bomcparticu lura of the peculiar habits of the monarch - "'J he Vienna newspapers report that at the beginning of last month King Louis of Bavaria, acting at the urgent request of the Queen mother, instructed the steward of his domains and the Minister of 1 manee to draw, up a list of his debts and a general statement of his financial position This has been done, and it now appears that the King's embar rassments are by no means so great as was supposed His debts are estimated at about 1800,000, but by the sale of some of his pri vate lands, by mortgages, and by the réalisa tion ot some funded securities, on which small interest was drawn, it is cul culated that the debts may soon be paid off A bank in Munich has offered a loan to meet the most urgent claims at once , and it is stated that an examination of the King's accounts having revealed that his pnvj purse and tivil list hod been very care lessly administered, the management of the royal estates will be committed to new hands. With respect to the king's eccentric manner of life, it is stated that Ministers cannot fairly complain that his Majesty neglects his duticB He is diflicult to get at, disappearing sometimes for days, without leaving u elue to his whereabouts , and when giving audience to his Ministers he generally sits behind a screen, and remains invisible But his correspondence on state business is always lucid, and often shrewd. It has to be added that, notwithstanding all the murmurs which the king s strange ways have provoked, the Bavarians do not feel that they would gain much by a change of Sovereign, as Prince Luitpold, the Heir Pre sumptive (Prince Utto, the King's brother, being incapable), is of strong clerical and reactionary tendencies King Louis has at least the merit of ruling liberally. He lately refused to allow the prosecution of a journalist who had written a pamphlet ngainBt him, saying, ' Let lum write what he likes so, long as I do what I please ' A correspondent who has been on a visit in the Bavarian Highlands, and has met the King of Bavaria on one ol his nightly excur- sions in the neighbourhood of his mysterious chateau of Linderhof, writes an account of what ho has seen to the Vienna Italic trae Pt eue. Hundreds of labourers arc employed daily in keeping in order all the roads in the surrounding district, re moving undue accumulations of snow or obstacles of any kind 'Hie sudden appear ance of the Royal sledge at night in some unexpected quarter seemB like a scene out of a fair} tale As it approaches it looks like a golden swan with wing's displayed Within one may sec the pale faced king reclining on the richly embroidered blue velvet cushions 'Ihe interior is lit up by a soft but brilliant electric light, which illuminates everything round to a considerable distance. It flashes by the wondering spectator, who has hardly time to notice the arj) äffe of brilliants which adorns the artist's hat of the king, or the uniform of the joung aide de camp who sits by his side " Another consignment of frozen mutton on gruñera' own account has been put on board the Orient R.M S Orient, which will leave to morrow tor London. The number of carcases was 2,041. This is a small ship- ment for so large a steamer as the Orient, but her refrigerating chamber is of smaller dimensions than those in the other boats of the Orient line. As the export of frozen meat under the new Bystem developcs and increases, however, the relriyeraliiis space ol the Orient will be enlarged. The greater portion of the sheep were crossbreds from tho Hocks of Mr. Daniel Mackinnon, Marida Yaloak, Camperdown ¡ Mr. Phipps Turnbull, near Warrnambool ; and theexecu torsof the lute Mr. Niel Black, Mount Noorat There was also a shipment of pure merino wethers from the station of Mr. J. L. Currie, Lato. Tile latter averaged about 001b. The crossbreds averaged about 701b. The mcrinoes, it is said, meet with the readiest Bale in the home market The car- cases aro not too large, nor yet too fat, and are preferred by the dealers for their weight, appearance, and quulity. The car- cases were prepared at the premises of the Melbourne Refrigerating and Agency Com- pany, and every care waa taken in the dress- ing and packing. Pains were also taken with the stowing of it iii the chamber, The next shipment Bent home will be taken by the IÍ.M.S.S. Garonne. Tuesday was the last day for receiving nominations for the office of divisional repre- sentatives on the council of the Vic- torian Public Service Association. The following gentlemen were duly elected : -D. J. Lane, Lands department ; C. H. Streeton, Education department ; A MTarland, Crown Law department; W. A. Callaway, Chief Secretary's office ; S. J. Barbor, Customs department ;, Jas. M'Luckie, Mining department; D. W. Iiamaay, Defence department ; Wm. Kemp, the Treaaury ; A. Cumming, Poat and Tele- graph department; W. Thwaites, Public Works department. The monthly meeting of the general com mittce ot the Melbourne Athenäum was held on luesda), m the new building, the chair being taken by the president, Mr Churlea Rennie It waa reported that the revenue for the past month bud amounted to -275, and that lb new members had joined 'Hie open- ing ceremony 01 the new building will take place on luesda}, the 6th Jul}. His Excel lene} the Governor and Lady Loch have con aented to be present, and the Metropolitan Liedertafel will sing at the concert to be given on tho occasion The new fittings of the library are nearly completed, and the books will be removed into it next week. The monthly meeting of the Metropolitan Fire Brigades' Association was held last even- ing at 84 Swanston street, Captain Kelly pre- siding. There were about 30 representatives in attendance Captain Donald, of the South Yarra brigade, was elected to the vacant seat on the executive. The Footscray Temperance Brigade was admitted into the association, and its representative, Captain Pearce, was cordially welcomed. The representatives of the Hotham- hill, Port Melbourne Volunteer, and Yorkshire Brewery brigades stated that they had no connexion with the Melbourne and Suburban lire Brigades Union, and that the latter body had used the names of their brigades without due authority The visiting committee re ported having inspected the stations of the Simpson s road, ShamrocV- Brewery, Yarraberg, Abbotsford, North litzroy, and Clifton lull brigades, and found them well and satisfactorily equipped Notice of motion was given for next meeting that no brigade represented in the association should be allowed to connect itself with any other fire brigades organisation Thcexecu tive was empowered to ascertain any objee tions to the rules of the association that might be entertained by any of its members Superintendent Mauger gave notice of the following resolution for next meeting - '"that the executive be empowered to at once take steps for the publication of a paper or journal m the interests of the volunteer ure brigade service of Australia, the first number to appear about the time of the jubilee celebration " the Royal Society of Victoria will hold its ordinary monthly meeting to night at 8 o'clock, when the subject of Antarctic ex- ploration will be discussed A paper is to be read b} Mr Wakelin, " On the possibility of the force producing gravitation not acting directly on every particle of a planet, and eneby Mr T A Campbell, "On wind près sure on bridges. The annual conference of delegates from school boards of advice has been fixed to commence in Melbourne on the 27th of July, and free railway passes will be granted to all members of boards coming from country dis tricts. Mr Justice Kerferd gave judgment jester day in the Supreme Court in an action of ¿oio mon v Jams The plaintiff sought to eject the defendant from the possession of 22 acres of land at Mordialloc The defendant relied upon adverse possession of the ground for more than 15 } ears HIB honour held that it was for the defendant to prove thut he, or aome persons through whom he claimed, hud been in possession of the land for 15 years, and that the defendant had given no Buch proof Ile, therefore, directed judgment to be entered for the plaintiff, with costs We have received from Messrs Niven and Company, of Ballarat, a lithograph picture entitled " the Argus Yacht Winning the Annual Press Race, Lake Wendouree, 1886 " lhe drawing, which is from tne pencil of Mr I W Niven, is spirited, and shows the handsome yachts of the Ballarat fleet, under a full press of canvas, passing View Point in the following order -Dnrhe Bay, Viola, Vic tona, Reporter, 1 lying Scud, and the Bal larat dismasted The surroundings of the beautiful sheet of water are accurately shown in the picture, wlucti does credit to the artist und the lithographer 1 he annual meeting of the Young Men s Christian Association will be held this tuen nig in the Melbourne Town hall It is expected that uddresses will be delivered bj the Bishop ot Ballarat and the Rev A. Gos man among others, and that the Fisk Jubilee Singers will contribute musical selections The tea meeting will be held at 0 o clock, and the public meeting at half past 7 His Excellency the Governor and Lady Loch will be present this evening at the Bijou 1 hcatro to witness the representation of the comedy "Only Dust, which, as pre aented bj Signora Majerom, Mr Wjbert Reeve, Mr IL R Harwood and other mern hers of the company atthis theatre, has shown a remarkable growth of popularity during the last week or two The third programme of the risk Univer sity Jubilee Siugers was rendered m the pre aence of a large and appreciative audience in the 'town hull lost evening We are asked to remind those who are in tcrested in the complimentary recognition of the talents of the distinguished pianist, Herr Kohler, that the concert already spoken about in these columns, will take place to night in the German Club house, Alfred place, Collins street eaBt, commencing at 8 o clock It is announced by advertisement in an other column that a special entertainment will be given at the Victoria hall on Saturday afternoon m aid of the fund for the sufferers by the recent wreck of the as Ly ee moon Mr 1 rank M Clark a entire company and orchestra have volunteered their services, and the whole of the proceeds will be given to the relief fund In consequence of the Town hall being otherwise engaged, there will be no perform ance on the grand organ by the city organist this afternoon We have received the following eubscrip tion in aid ot the fund for the relief of ' an aged minister in distress, ' whose case was slated in 'JhcAtgu* ol tuesday, 1st inst - bjmpathy, 5s , J W , Mount Gambier, b _, 10a I ad) Nicolson desires to acknowledge the following sums collected bj her in aid of the '1 nnity College Domus Fund -MisseB Hume, 15 , Mrs. Rowlands, £2 2a , Mra Baird ii Is, Mrs William bmith, ¿1 Is Mrs Greenlaw ¿1 Is , Mrs Calder £1 la Mrs J It Rosa £1 10a , Mrs \\\ ilka, £1 la. Miss Watt, £1 Mrs P Mem £1 Is Mia Dinwoodie, £1, Mr John Wilton, £2 _s Mr H Brock, £2 2a , Mr I A W ilton, £1 la, Mr G W G Butler, £1 Is , Mr John 1 alconer £1 la, Mr D Howard, 10a., A I neild, £1 Is , Sir Arthur Nicolson, £4 4s., total £30 Mr Call, P M, acknowledges receipt of £1 la tromMr Mm Knight, St Kildo, for the City Court poor box lhe Rev b C Kent acknowledges the recept tor the vv idovv and children ot John Hoodon, who was killed at the Albert park station, of ti from Mrs. Kidceli A Cinderella Dance, in aid of the funds of a deserving philanthropic organisation, is to be held ut the now Masonic hull Collins street east to morrow evening between the hours of S and 12 _ clock. '1 ickcts must be show n at the door 'Hie council of Inuity College ncknow ledges with thanks a donation of L2 lrom Mrs. Longmore, of Malvern, per Miss C Mncartnej lhe debt on the college build- ings has now been reduced to £2,500 and the council earnest!) hopes that members of the Anglican -burch and others will assist ni relieving the college complete!} from its lliiuncuil dillicnlties befoie the end ot the present jeir Many urgent needs will have to be met at the beginning of the next academic year, bntuntil the existing debt has been paid off the council will not be in a position to attempt ali) improvements, either as regards the buildings or the teaching 'J he list of the ladies and (.entlemen pro- minently assisting at the bazaar at Hotham, which was noticed in J'/te Aiyus of yester day, is to be supplemented and alightlj amended as follows -lhe members of the bazaar committee are-Messrs. Birrell, Hen derson, Rama_e, and bhand, Mr W. Wat Bon, jun , lion treasurer, Mr J b. A 1 air bairu as hon secretar) In connexion with the Royal park and Parkville stall, Mrs Braid and Mrs M'Harg should have been named 'lhe following is the report of the Mel- bourne Hospital for bick Children for the week ending May 20 -Patients in the hospital at the beginning of the week 11, in the convalescent cottage '1, total .0 Dis missed during week 0, admitted, 10 Re mailling m hospital, 44, in cottage 7, total, 51 J otal out- patients for week, 219 , new eases, GO , casualties, 1. 