\--Xoeal.& ©eg&eiral; Otjr . New Governor. — Our London cablegrams recently mentioned that Sir Robert George Crookshank Hamilton, EC.B., late Under-Sccretary for Ireland at! a salary of .£2500, had been appointed Governor of Tasmania in succession to Sir G. C. Strahan. Our Hobart correspondent reports that the Jfremier received a cable gram yesterday from the Agpnt- General advising that Sir Robert Hamilton would leave England for this colony after the arrival of Sir George Strahan. From tho Argus we learn that Sir Robert Hamilton was born in 1836, being a son of the Rev. Zachary Macaulay Hamilton, minister of Bressay, in tho Shetland Islands, Ho was educated at the University of Aberdeen, when he took his M.A. degree in 1855. He was appointed a clerk in the Wai- Office in the same year, when he went to the Crimea in the Com missariat Establishment. In 1857 he was transferred to the Office of Works ; was subsequently Accountant to the Education Office, 1861-69, and to the Board of Trade, 1869-72 ; Assistant Secretary to tho Board of Trade, 1872-78 ; Secretary to the Civil Service Inquiry Commission, 1874-75 ; and Accountant- General of the Navy, 1S7S-82. In the latter year he was appointed Under secretary for Ireland. In consequence of the known Home Rule tendencies of Sir Robert Hamilton, as soon as Lord Salis bury came into office a suggestion was made in The Times that he should be trans ferred to some other branch of the service, it being contended that it was not advis able that the Ministry, who meant to carry out a different policy, should be repre sented in Dublin by an official whose views were avowedly opposed to their own. Welcome to the Rev. L. D. Bevan.— We learn from our Melbourne files that a very hearty welcome has been given to the Rev. Llewellyn D. Bevan, L.L.B., D.D., the newly arrived pastor of the Col ins street Congregational Church in that city. The proceedings commenced with a tea meeting in the_ Assembly Hall, Russell street, after which a public meeting was held in the church, -which was filled to overflowing. The hon. W. F. Walker occupied the chair. Mr. S. Haigh,onbe half . of, the congregations, presented Dr. Bevan .with an address of welcome, preced ingit.with a brief history, of the past, as the gospel was first .preached in Victoria by an ordained minister on the site on which; this . Congregational Church now stands;- .. In 1838, the. late Rev.; Mr. Water field j; 'was , welcomed !to.,tKe^' pastorate' fiy'r.' \ .the \' ... late . t Hon.'; - ' ( J. ' ? P. !, ,! Fawkner! arid' ' other ''' ' friends' '— '(cheers) — arid, after five years, accepted a call to Green Ponds, Tasmania. The Jato Rov. F. Miller, of Hobart, supplied the pulpit for five months, and 'then,' said Mr. Haigh, ' our venerable friend, who is now sitting on this platform, the Rov. Alexander Morison — (cheers) — preachod his first ser mon on Sunday, 12th July, 1813, and after 21 years of grand pioneer work, on which. . has rested a great blessing, both spiritual and temporal (as I know of more than ono family whoso present circumstances they attribute to the advice and assistance roudored to them before the year 1850), ho resigned his charge, when a testimonial was presented to him which unaffoctedly showed the loving esteem in which ho was held by his people. The late Rov. A. 1'raser conducted services for some months, and in 1865 tho late Rev. A. M. Henderson was induced by a large number of leading members of various city and suburban, churches to accept the pastorate— (cheers) — and aftor worshipping in tho Theatro Royal for two years, this church was ? opened free from debt, and is the momento of his labours.' Mr. Henderson, at tho end of 10 years' laborious ministry, died. In 1877 the lato Rev. Thomas Jones took chargo for three years. He was succeeded by tho Rev. SamuorHebditch, who was fol lowed by tho late Rev. D. Jonos Hamor in 1882, who, however, died some months since at the early ago of 42 years, whilst on a visit to the Hot Lakes, iu New Zealand, in search of health and rest. Tho Hon. W. 51. K. Vale and the Rev. Alex. Morison also addressed a, few words of welcome to Dr. Bovan, Mr. Morison giving a lengthy account of tho work he had accomplished for Congrega tionalism in Australasia during his colonial career of fifty-six years. Several Baptist, Wesloyan, Presbyterian, and Welsh, ministers also spoke words of welcome. Dr. Bevan replied in an effective address. He said ho hoped ho would become some thing more to his congregation than a lnoro preacher. Ho hoped ho would become tho pastor of the church. He j-romisud to . help in tho Sunday-school, and to take his placo amongst them in all the institutions of the church. He hoped he might tako some share in the great temperance move ment— (loud cheers)— aud if thoro was anything that helped on tho kingdom of, their Master und Lord, and added to tho winning of souls, he would enter into it with all his might. He did not believo iu antagonism between different denomina tions, but desired to work with them. He was present at tho combined Baptist and Congregational Conference in May last iu London. Some of his earliest sermons had! ? been preached in a Wesleyan chapel. Ho looked forward to the confederation of, these colonies, and of all peoplo who spoko the great English tongue. (Cheers.) When that came, it would be the dawning of. the day of a groat and magnificent future,, when there would be a Parliament representing tho united people who spoko the English longuage j and when that should be, it would only be tho vestibule of a universal parliament of universal men and universal liberty. (Loud aud pro longed cheers.) ; Bbndioo Indtjstrial Exhibition. — The Bendigo Juvenilo and Industrial Exhibi tion, which was opened at Sandhurst by Sir. H. B. Loch on 17th inst, is tho second venture of this kind undertaken in Sand hurst, the former exhibition having taken place in 1879, and it proved a complete success. The credit of the inueption of the idea of holding the present one is duo to Mr. Peter Phillips, secretary of the Sand hurst branch of the Amalgamated Miners' Association, who suggested an exhibition UU til aUlthLlKiL OUtblU. V^UUUi. IJUUIUO JUILLUU IU giving effect to the idea, with the result that a much more comprehensive -gathering of exhibits will be opened to the public to day than was expected at first. The Exhibition-buildings are situated iu Market-square. The site is most central. The large market buildings are fully utilised for the display of tho exhibits. The commodious and handsome public hall of the Corporation is also included in tho space used for exhibition purposes, and annexes and a large yard have been provi ded for further exhibits. The main court of the exhibition is a substantial brick edifice, iron-roofed and stone-flagged. The temporary additions are constructed o£. corrugated iron ; all aro spacious. Tho dimensions of the main court are 385ft. by 65ft. ; of the annexe, 200ft by 25ft. ; of tho Japanese village, 80ft. by -1-Offc. ; and of the machinery- yard, 200ft. by 50ft. The Diamond Production of South Africa. — From Messrs. Lewin, Joseph, and Company's (London) monthly report on pearls and precious stones, we learn that the value of diamonds produced from tho four minys of West Griquiland (Kinibcrlcy, Bultfontoin, De Beers, and Dutoitspan) for tho half-year ending 30th. Juuo last, amounts to ,£1,099,000 17s Id, giving an averago value of 21s lOffd per carat over the total of 1,551,498!^ carat3 produced. This sum does not represent the full value of tho diamond production of South Africa, as the Orange Freo State mine (Jagersfontein) also produces largely aiid tho Vaal River diggings, averaging some .£40,000 to .£50,000 per annum, must be taken into account. Since 1867 the total value of diamonds ox ported from tho Cape amounts to .£35,000,000. The total value of diamonds actually extracted from tho mines is esti* - mated at i!-i-0,000,000. '?.'?- Well's Haib Balsam.— If gray, restorea .; to original colour. An elegant dressing,, . sof tens.and beautifies. No oil nor greaso. A Tonic. Restorative. Stops hair coining ' out ; strengthens', cleanses, heals 'scalpi, (3 . Skinny ? Men.— ,' Wells' - Health ^Re- : newer' restores health1 arid' vigor, 'cures '?-'? Dyspepsia, Impotence;; Sexual - Debility. ? At cnemiBts arid'druggists'. ; Felton,- Grim- .. wade and Co., Agents, Melbourne. (4 Licensed Victuallers Meeting.— The annual meeting of the Licensed Victuallers Association was held in the Mechanics', Institute on 19th inst., when there was a fair attendance, Mr. Thos. Morton occupy ing the chair. The following annual re port was read :--' In presenting to you the report of the fourth years' lousiness of this .Association we find that the number of sub scriptions received for the year now ending amounts to £43 7s, whilst the expenditure has been .£45 19s 2d, and as the suin of ?sC53 15s 5d was brought forward from last : years credit, we now have a credit balance of ,i569 15s 5d. In addition to this we also 1 have anew subscription for the next year (1887) j i which will make our present avail able funds amount to £10 16s 5d.' The report and balance-sheet^ as read, were adopted. A vote of thanks was accorded Mr. J. Huston for the services rendered as president to ? the Association during the ?.''?' past 'two years. Messrs. Thos. Morton, P. Latham, 'and . W. Doodie, were' elected president, vice-president, and treasurer, respectively for the ensuing year.1 The followingcomrnitteo were then appointed:. — Messrs. Doodie, Thompson,. Latham, Dal-' WQbd,;: Walsh, Strong, Homes, P.' Davis,'' Digney, M'Kimmie, and Dynan.' Avote; of' thanks to the chairman concluded the ' meeting. '?-..''., . ' . v , ' ' , ?. ' ? General Synod.— Amongst the- pas sengers by the s.s. Minders, which' arrived from Melbourne on 19th inst, were the Ven; Archdeacon Hales and Messrs. James Barnard. and Bernard Shaw,; who haye been attending the ' quinquennial meeting at Sydney' of the General Synod of the Dioceses1 of Australia and Tasmania'. The . meetings were held in the Chapter House,a new building adjoining St. .Andrew's Cathedral, Sydney, and the proceedings lasted from Tuesday, the 26th October,: until the 5th instant. The Primate;' the Most Key. Drl Barry, presided, and there were upwards of 100 representatives from 'the various colonies present, and next to New South Wales Tasmania was more fully represented than any of the other colonies. A great compliment was paid to Mr. :W.: Tarleton, one of the Tasmanian delegates, naniely by his appointment as Chairman ?of1 Committees' on this occasion, as well as when the Synod met in Sydney five years ago. The debates which took place on the ?various subjects considered were both able and interesting, and amongst other matters ?which received attention were the. question of ' the revision of the book of Common Prayer, the proposal, to make canons for the government of the clergy, and also as to ^ the question of conferring the '. title; of Archbishop on the Primate of Australasia. ' Clerical. -^-We understand that ar rangements have been made with the Rev. JV Clampett, at present ' incumbent at. Crobkwell,, ; in the diocese of Gohlburh, New- South Wales, to return to the parish of;, Ringaropnia if the people of ' that district subscribe the portion of his stipend required of them. Mr. Clauipett left the noVth-eastern district some months ago for New South Wales much to the', regret of many of his friends, in- the district in which lie had laboured so zealously ,for a ?considerable period, ' and his numerous friends would doubtless give him a hearty ?welcome were he to' return. The matter is at- present- in the hands of ^Archdeacon Hales, who is endeavouring' to make the necessary arrangements for Mr. Clampett's return.- '? '- ?-?-? -'?'-? :, ?,.::. .; A Resident Judge fob'/ the Nobth. — . 'We would suggest to the; members of the legal profession resident on the northern side of the island that they should ^peti tion Parliament in connection with the bill for the appointment for a third judge. They Icnow exactly what they want, and such a petition would very materially ?'? streng then the hands : of' the- ' hon. members 'who are ? fighting ' their 'battle, -just as the medical nien . Tiave very wisely,and with a due sense of the ?responsibility resting upon themj protested against the repeal of compulsory vaccina-, lion.1 But time should not be lost. ? ? -Beaconsfield Police Court.;— At -the Beaconsfield Police Court -on J18th insW Messrs. W.; H. Glover, y.M.,'and'!T: G. Williams, J.P., presided. William Barrett ?was charged ? on the information of -John Moss with having assaulted, him on the' might of the 20th October; 'Defendant ; 3?l.eaded not guilty. The ? evidence of the complainant went to show that as he was proceeding along Weld-street on- the night in' question in company with John Han cook, on his way to his mining work; he wassuddenly struck, a ? violent blow on the side of the head, which knocked him down and caused blood to flow from his ear. The night was very dark, and he did ? not :see his assailant, lout ? on rising from 'the ground lie saw a man running. away, about 15 yards off. - He pursued him for about 200 yards, when, the fugitive was inter-, cepted and caught by a: man named J. TTowler. On complainant, coining up to, -the two r men defendant denied having, ' struck Mo3s, but on seeing him the next day : be (Barrett) said' he had made a mjstake, having intended the blow for a man named Scott. ; John Hancock gave corroborative evidence. Leslie Jolly de posed that about a fortnight ago Barrett liad come to him to get an apology drawn up, stating that he had struck John Moss Toy -mistake for another man, and that he (Moss) would be satisfied if he -had an ?apology. : The Bench found defendant guilty, and ordered him to pay a fine of 32\. and costs, or in default to go to gaol for a month. :, ???-, Population of Victoria.— We have xeceived Mr. H. H. Hayter's ; quarterly abstract; showing the apparent population of: Victoria on September 80, 1886. ' It stated' that the population on September ' 20 of this year amounted to 647,312 males, «,nd 473;190 females,. making a grand total Jot 1,020,502; ;., The; deaths numbered 2091 ' unalesiarid 1425 females, the departures by. ? eea being' 9014 males and r 3536 ? females, ? The births numbered 4166 males and 3920 females, and arrivals by sea 13,236 males, 5493- females. The apparent ;increase ,. of population ; in .the first three quarters of ,1886 was 28,633— -viz., 9881 in the quarter ended 31st March, 8003 , in the quarter ended 30th June, and' 10,749 in the quarter ended 30th September, as against an appa rent increase of ,pnly 20,189 'in the first three quarters of 1885. During the third quarter of- 1886 the excess of registered births over registered deaths was 4570, viz., 2075 males and 2495 females; that by excess of recorded arrivals by sea over, recorded departures by sea was 6179, viz., 4222 males ? and 1957 females. The total increaso of population thu?. appears to haye:, b|e,en .10,749,J viz,. 6297 „ males, and / .4452. females, 'as shown in the, table, i' This apparent increase exceeded, by 2687 that' in the corresponding quarter of the previous year, and was by far the largest shown for, any quarter 'during several years, being 375 in excess of the nuinber .in the last quarter of ' 188$ in -v^hich, for this first time, the apparent' quarterly ' increase exceeded 10,000. ' The apparent net gain by:immir gratipn (6179) was exceeded in -the last quarter of .1885 and the first; quarter of the 'current year by 502 and 433 respectively,, but was.riot equalled in any other quarter during the last six years. , The influx of .immigrants- from South Australia has' sub- sided ' considerably. 'The maximum ,'was, reached in -the first quarter of . this year, when' the net immigration from, South Australia amounted , to ; 3767 persons; this fell to 1537 in the second quarter, and toj 1387\. in the r quarter, under review.. The arrivals fromthe United. Kingdom during the quarter under review numbered 5108, the ' departures therefore only 974 ~. The, former were doubtless swelled by the larg'e' number of returned- colonists who left Vic toria in the early portion of . the year for the purpose of visiting the Colonial arid Indian Exhibition. . . , ,. i Entertainmet.— On1 Nov. 19, Professor. Carl, who is deaf and dumb, gave a magic ?lantern entertainment in the Collegiate Schqolroorn, Cameron-street. There was a: fair attendance, principally of juveniles, but owing to the . Professor being unable to, obtain any person' to explain the views, the exhibition did not prove so successful as niighthave been expected. The yi^ws com prised scenes of the Falls of Niagara by day and, by. night, a diver's experience. at the bottom' of the sea, and a large number of , amusing pictures. Those present, thoroughly enjoyed the entertainment, and 'it ''is to. be hoped' should Professor; Carl again exhibit jiis; view8,he will be accorded a better reception.' , .,.'''..' '.'.' '?'.',',-. ') .' i Death of - Captain 'Young.— Another old shipping identity of the port of Laiin cesten passed away in Melbourne on Satur day evening,' in the ; person of Captain , J. R. Young, who has for many years been eoinmodoro of the T.S.N. Company|s- fleet. He was born in London about 1825^ arriv ing' in . the' colonies as mate of the ship George Marshall, which was wrecked on Flinders' Island in 1858. He first visited Launceston , about ,18,60, in the steamer Royal, Shepherd, when that vessel was owned by the Launceston and Melbpurrie S.N. Company. He remained in this steamer until 1866, when he sailed as mate in. the Black Swan. About this time the Launceston and Melbourne' Company amalgamated with the T. S.N. Company, and . Captain Young was then employed under the. TiS.N. Company's flag. In 1870 he took command of the s.s.' Tatnar, and subsequently had charge of the Mangana, ?Esk, Flinders, . Southern Cross, and Pateena; In 1883 deceased was sent to England to superintend the building of the Pateena, arriving again in the colonies at the latter end of 1884 A few months ago Captain Young was compelled. to leave the sea in consequence of an illness from which lie did not recover. Captain Young was regarded .as .one of the most careful cap-' tains, of the ,fleet ; ' and .by the travelling public he was' very popular. He leaves a widow and many friends to mourn their loss. The flags; in the harbour and on many private flagstaffs were flying at half mast-high' on Sunday out of respect to the . deceased.' '??;'-'--:;,!i'''l.../. ;';,,.. ??;'.;';,, ', ' ','.-'' y, ' :.\ Ann;vebsabt SEByicES.— The Sunday 'sohool in connection with .Christ . Churchy 'Prince's .Square; celebrated their anni versary on Sunday. . The church was taste fully decoratedJ,with flowers, ferns, ever greens,, and mottoes, and presented a very pretty; appearance. There were ' large congregations both morning and evening, and the collections for the day amounted' to MS.' The Rev. W.Law conducted the; service on; each occasion, taking for his text in the niorning Psalm 119, 18thverse, and in the evening 1st Kings', 18th chapter, 12th versed ; The children, who gave token of careful training, sang a number of hymns in excellent, style under the .conductorship of the superintendent, ] Mr. , James Steer, Miss Frost.preBiding at the organ. In the. lnoriiing the RevJ W. Law _ announced that there.were on the roll 160 'scholars and 17 teachers. . ' . ' ,\ ''.'! '','?' ?'?';;,.:.'?? ' =' Assault onaLawteb.— At the Beacons field Police Court on November 18 Mr. ;C. . F. Henry, solicitor, Beaconsfield, proceeded against John. Curtis for having, assaulted, him on the 15th inst. Defendant pleaded not guilty. .The evidence of the com plainant went to show that the defendant went into his office on the day named in the information and accused him of charg ing him for certain law costs. Defendant at the time was under the influence of liquor, and complainant told him to come to see him when he was sober and he would speak to him then. Witness ordered Curtis out of his office, but . he refused to go, saying that he had. come to give complain ant a ? good hiding.. Defendant then got up from where he. was sitting and went round to where witness was Bitting at .the table apparently to fulfil his ' threat. .Witness then, went out to, get a '.constable, ?but being unatjle to findl;'oneihe'.returhed^ ?' -l: 'i.f:-..^'V W-Tv-::(' .??.?--; '-vii ?: .)'i. finding Curtis still sitting at the table. He again ordered him out, when Curtis chased him (witness) round;the table . 1 until a man came to his assistance and took the accused away. The Bench, which was composed of .Messrs. ,W. H. Glover, V.M., and T. G. Williams, considered the case .provod, and fined defendant 10s arid 8s 6d costs, or in' default seven days' imprisonment; . Runawat Bullocks. — : The steamer Devon, which arrived here on Saturday .morning last from.the north-west, coast .ports, : landed 'a number, of bullocks . for. 1 butchering purposes. , Two of the animals ? after, being landed on the: mount Bischoil: Cp's Wharf, became infuriated, arid jumped into the riyer. . They, swam aorpss on to, the Western Swamp, where one .';. of thein; jumped the fence andmade off. down the. George Town-road, turning into .the bush some distance below, the Racecourse. .1 . The other bullock., found its way along the Swarrip towards the; Cattle Jetty, where.it attacked ... a boatman,, named' :Crawford,, sptEe(workmen, and several children, all of whom escaped without hurt ? The animal was subsequently caught arid driven to the , Slaughter-yards, but, nothing, has yet been seeri of the one. which, escaped into the,' bush. '],,';',,/ '.J. 'i, '.:.!. ,., ,' '.,..;: .. ?. -,',?' '..';::'.-'? i Unclaimed. MessAoe.,;--:. A, ^.cablegram addressed to, Mrs.. G.' Jpnesi »N,o. 2 Roland Terrace, Lau'ricpston, is lying at the.local Telegraph^ofSce, ' -the;-, messenger '., being' unable , to r find , the ; whereabouts : of rthe .owner.'1. .,;.',.,,. :~.'X.',,:,.;, ',- ?-. 'r .'. .' r ? ..',-??.'?. .. -. , .,; The 'AGENTrGENEBAt,. — In a' leading article . on 'Saturday, .the Mercyry, .while condemning the Opposition motion. on Fri day night, with regard, to. thft Agent General, makes the following admission :— ' It was 'evident, however, that the strange conduct of the Agent-General has left him vjery few friends.,. Indeed, as matters look at '.present, ! his conduct has been such as to! admit, of no. yalid defence,, because ,there cannot be a doubt .that he has failed in his duty to the Ministry and to the Parlia ment. . , He rmust know, that very grave, anxiety is felt as . to the precise character of what.hehas.donei. but apart from that, eveniif he had only been engaged in routine matters instead of ^business of great importance,- ,.f his , first t .duty | w.as to keep ? .'. . the V Government % , informed1 as to, what he was .doiug, even if, he had, nothing- to ,,., send by, way, of-, advice or suggestion., , The absence of, any,. infor- mation by'the last mail,. has .caused a great dealpf.whatwe.must regard, as very' natu ral, irritation',',. especially, as cerisure on a previous 'occasion .^yaslavertedaOn,, the plea1 that the .information ;was sure, to arrive. The- one, 'defender of Mr.' Dougias felt sure that he. Jnroujd be.fqurii, !to '.come put, all right iri; the. ' .,' end,, and, we , .think' certainly, , that we ought ;not. to .pronounce, a very, de cided 'cbridemnation.pf;, his : acts' , until, we k'npw his reasons I for.) them, but, then, why do '. ' we' jiiot , know,'.the ^.reasons ?lt As was pointed outjhe has had ample time to make all ' the explanations , that can be possibly required, and we might fairly have expec ted that i courtesy, :if, not, duty, would have! caused. ., him lpto .relieve Ministers.,; from; what he ? must be . well aware, j is a ' very painful position . for them, even ; if he , cares nothing, for :what , may 'be said about himself . . . . , ... ...'?, '.?. .-.,, ;. Ministers can hardly be Baid to be respon sible for the doings or laches of .the Agent General, and surely they are not bound to go in' his defence beyond, the bounds of. duty and. prudence! Had they. frankly told the House what they had done, for^we .sup pose they have done. spmetrhirig, they would haye at least been freej from hlame, and there would not be very eyideint' signs of a. rebellion pii their own side. As thematter is sure, to covrie up , again, w.e , hope that Ministers' will ' say precisely what steps they. have taken, since, the trouble arose here,, leaving 'the Agent-General to take care of himself .for even .friendship is; riot bound to go .beyond the : limits of .' public duty, in defence 'of; one who has left his friends in a very awkward position.' , ' ., ; . 1 JMedical Report. The following is Dr. L. G. Thomp'sori's' report ' on the Launceston, Hospital.for the month of .October,, which should :haye . been read. at. the monthly meetirigpf the lLauncestqn Hospital Board held on Thursday, November 18:-r-Du'ring the past .month 134. persons .were .under treatment in,the iiauncestpn Hospital, ,142 persons being so treated during, the corres-. ponding period of last year. The total riumber. of, attendances in the outdoor de partment during;6ctpber ' lait was 244,as against 216 during. October, 1885. Six persons died during the month. in the Hos pital. There were remaining in the Hos pital pn.Npvember 1 last, 76 patients, since admitted 47, and total -treated 123. Forty seven persons were discharged, five died, and 71 were remaining in the Hospital on the 18th inst.. ; , ........ ,. . .... .', : , Brutai, Assault.— -About .six o'clock on' Saturday evening two men had a difference in Lower, Charles-street as to., the owner ship, of -.some tobacco, and ' one,', named Williams, attacked the other, whose name is . Allan,. jvith .great ferocity.; He, kicked Allan'several times, when he was on, the ground^ arid besides cutting his face, about very severely, ; two of his teeth were knocked out. '.Williams, was stayed ', from, committing further violence by being pulled away by some onlookers. Allan was conveyed home, and later in the .even ing Williams was , locked up for being drunk and disorderly. , . : .. Walch's Book Catalogue.— From Messrs. Walch ' Bros. and. Birchall . we have received their annual ' Catalogue of Books ' for 1887, and its 216 pages contain, a varied list from which all tastes arid all pockets ;can be suited.. The catalogue comprises somethirig like ,5000 works'now in stock, and besides, what maybe termed library works, grave,, gay,' rand poetical;, religious, agricultural, and horticultural', works a,re , npt.fprgotten, an'd^ a classified - catalogue , ^f ] , Vr^ward ./books} _ and- school . prizes; is, given at .the end. li;', ,,';,';.' .)',''. ?!,!'!'(',;-, A Joke that- Missed Fibe. — At the Iiaunceston Police , Court on Monday. Alien M'Lean'and George Taylor were charged with having .on the 16th instant '.unlawy fully and, maliciously caused to be taken a poisonous fluid, to wit, croton oil with in tent to aggrieve Arthur ? Arderson, William Sullivan, and James Davidson.' We, have-in a previous issue given the particu lars of the. intended practical joke out of which this case arose, and Mr. G. T. ? Collins who appeared for . the defendants ;inade an excellent appeal on their behalf .. He said before the charge was read, that i the .defendants had in ignorance of jbh.e- nature of the drug put croton oil into some [tarts for a joke, and then, given them ?, to ^hepprosecutors. ,They had no intention .whateyerof causing prosecutors to suffer any serious injury, arid V. had soon repented, of -their., foolish ' action. The accused were two respectable young men, and when theyobservedthe. prosecu tors taken ill after eating the tarts they immediately sent for : medical aid, and did all in their power to alleviate their suffer ings.- -The prosecutors, had expressed. a .desire '?' that'! the . charge should be .with drawn. ; He (Mr. Collins) would ask that ? the charge be. withdrawn on the assurance that defendants would pay. all the expenses of the case; . Mr; Coulter said the sufferers1 jwqre not prosecuting, but the Crown was. ? As the defendants had expressed contrition' for whatthey had.done: he would have no: objection ?£0 , -withdraw the charge. Mr. Kemp, the Acting P.M.; who -occupied the iBenchj after administering a .strong repri mand to def endarits arid warning them not, ' ,'tp play practical jokes again, 'distnissedthe lease.-'-.' ??'?':/ '.' ':? '?'?'- ????'? ' ? :; :/l::'.' ''; '?' , Court of Appeal.— A Court; of Appeal against the., assessment roll for; the district' ;'of ;|Selby was;:to have ? been- held, in the. .Court Housei Patterson^street,- on Monday; ; but!pwing 'to there : being^only one justice' pre.serit ; the' 'Court was .adjourned 'for brie week. Mr. ,H; ;Edgell,J.P., was the only jus tice who put in an . appearance,' arid we ; ^ would remind others that 'they are : liable1 ,tp -a fine, of £2 for' non-attendance.1 There is only one case to be heard, and :this ?would only take about ten minutes to de cide^ ? It must be gratifying to the justices ' who spent nearly a' whole, day on . October 11 iri revising; the list,; which contairis a yery large number, of; names, to' find that' their efforts to properly assess the property in question have met with the ; approval of landholders in the district of Selby, ? , I A' B OLT.. — Op. Monday afternoon a horse' attached' to a: chaise cart 'owned, by, Mr. R,' Si'Cartledge, of ' Breadalbarie; 'was left standing putside' Messrs.' Wv T. Bell arid Go's. .Produce,. Mart, ' in Cameron-street, when;the animal suddenly tbbkffright and bolted/towards the Town Park at a terrific : rate. :In.' turning near, the 'park' gates 'into Tamar-street the veKicle narrowly 'escaped' running over two children by the name : of Wilkins,t.wh.o;-Were:standing:near:the'Rail-' way Boarding ^House, corner. .-The- animal continued 'its mad cai-eer' down Tamar street, and was brought 'up at .the. corner of Cimitiere-street': by colliding' with a telegraph-post. The^ concussion with the jjost ; completely 'wrecked the near wheel, and vras! also the means' 'ofv' doing, other , daihage to. the ' vehicle, but' the horse escaped unhurt: ' ? ; ' , ;, . '; ':';/'!''' Bhocking Tragedy' at 'Sydney.— Our Sydney' cablegrams recently .conveyed. the: intelligence of a .shdekirig -tragedy at ISfew tbwn. .From files to harid.we giean ' the' following further particulars : — Arthur Bly th, a young teacher .of mathematics at Newingtori College,!murdered his wife by, outting her throat with' a ' razor, and then tisok his own life 'by similar means. Blyfch was an' Englishman, only !32 years of agej ' while his' wife, who was,! a native of New.; Soiith' Wales, was only '22 years ., of . age, the couple having been married about six ( years, lit is1' stated that the,husbarid had' been, recently subject, to fits of insanity, b|wing to mental depression, during which he used to behave violently ' towards his wifjB'. The night' preyipus to .the tragedy the couple .had been' spending the evening at the; house 'of ' Mrs. Gouldj Mrs: Blyth's mothe'r,r who lived 'next door.' They left tbgeth'er,' apparently/ both.' in.' good spirits and ,pn,the' best'. terms. 'r':Shortly; after .3,in! the morning ; Mrsi' Gould heard a slight noise next ' door, as ,pf some. ' one' falling, and,J on going down st'airs, met her un foftunate , ^aughteri.whp.rusfied into the ,' house : bleeding ^profusely from a 'terrible gash in jher, throat, and immediately fell down 'and/; expired. ' O?a .eriteriiigBlyth's h'ousejhis.dead body was f6urid: lying in the' back parlour, at'fuirierigth upon the ;flbor,r thel head almost ° severed' from' the' body,' while by- his side lay a razor besmeared' with blood and partly broken. ' ; , '. j 'Terrible', Crime; .''near ^AiBURY.-^-A, horrible.' tragedy , occurred ' on ,',' the ''i6'fcfr ' instant at Black Range, four mile's, from Alburyj N.S;W., in a bark' sharity kept by a| man named Philip VitJertV','' The, inmates; of the hut were Vibdrt^ his wife,; a' woman named Fugger, and an old labburer named Southern. On the morning'. of the' 16th' Mrs. Vibert twas' ill in bed,. ;Mrs. Fugger atteriding.her. Vibert came' in,' and' iri. a; threatening manner said, ' W,h'en.aro' you' going away ?' She replied, f'l. don't know. I think I'll only be. a day here.', Vibert then shut the door of the rooin, pulled out a pistol, went up to the bed, and shot Mrs. Vibert in , the head, , killing her. ' ,Mrs. Rugger ran out and told Southern, ^who was. working in the garden,1 what had occurred. .Southern went in, and'fb'uri'd' Vibert standing at the fbotof the bed; reV' yolyer in hand. Vibert presented the pistol', at Southern, who seized a stick, andJ struck Vibert, Tyho .then fired , at hiin, but' missed. Southern, struck at, him again,' arid knocked' the'pistol; but 'oi his hand.' iJoth men then came to close Quarters, and ; a desperate struggle .ensried! |for ;;the' possession o'f tte revolver, Viljert . grasping, Sou thern by the' fceatd; ' .Ultimately Vibert; gotholili^ 1 -.:-.'/.,' :iv;o ctd 'i-. i)i(o;n-):-i)j,I.,if; -...IT .inA: two men were outside the door of the bed room, and -near rthe .door, of ; the stable, .which 'was open. By a desperate final effort Southern ? succeeded in. pushing. Vibert into the stable and fastening the door. Southern then went away for help, bbt could get none. On returning to the house he heard another shot fired, and soon after heard moans proceeding from the stable.where he found: Viberj;.shot. through the head, with the revolver , beside him. V| ibert. died before noon; ? At the Coroner's inquest it transpired that the wdinan had ' not been married to Vibert, ..though she,, had lived 18 years with him.' ' , . ',. f .. I An Extraordinary Proposal ^poii ^Disposing of, 'the 'Dead. —The St, James, 'Qpscite states that a decidedly novel plaii for.disposing ,of .the.dead has been'sub- ' mitted to the Commissioner of Health' of , Chicago, by an architect of that' pity. '' .It . is proposed to erect an edifice resembling/ as far as ppssible the ancient '..Tower^ of .: ^abel, with a gradually ascending .stairr . way; and which may ,be barried, to' any; J height that may, be deeirie\l,;desirable; ??? from 25 to 50 stories. ; The , structure is to b,e architecturally, b.eautiful/.clas'sid. in de- - , sign, and ,built of solid masonry. r Thous- ' arids of vaults,;it is asserted, could be^built in the gigantic tower,'^ which, could be sold or rented, either for 'single interments or for the accbirimbdation: of .families. '?, The : walls of each dfepaf trhentare ,tobe of stone, with, ornamental eiitraricesi' and the entire .' building', , is'.' to' be ; hollow .to, the skyi At all times a huge fire' is to' be kept burning night arid day,; in the basement ? of .'; the hollow; structure, '. which will effectually ^destroy all the ppispnous vapors and, ;ga'ses'. that arise from the process of 'human'' de cbriippsition. All that is required, to' carry .out, the 'scheme f is ,an act of incorporation ,;and;,500,p001:dbUars!.:';The) .plan, is,'.'iri fact, lran:''a_daptatibri'6f the1' 'flat' systeni'.'as [practiced by the living, to... the requirement's ' [o;fthe'dead;;;;;v .''';sc\:.'-:;;\''.''.', ','! ', .; ';:'.' '?'/ . .- ; i An; Essay ON.;''7y'priK,' by .a. New. York Schoolboy.— f-I ^ hate, 'work j so -'.do a great many other, people' ' I;know. It.is .agood. . thing toget. rid pfV.hen.'you cari.- ..Gener ally those people that.'work the hardest git the least ..pay.' .Men.: are; now, striking to . 'work very- little ' an'd' git ' pay Very big. . 'A ; handy, way to. git rid of work , is never to be. arpurid 'where 'it Vis..; A, great many. ? fpepple.are 'ash'am.tOjWorlc 'for] their living, andsay-jthey'; don't haf.'tb.wprkj'b.ut, do it fprtheir;, health;; :lri'.;this 'tpwri.s'ome'ihen. let'their, wives ' ^.jvbijk^'.fpr1^ ^^ what ithey!'eati, . while'they sayi.they .are' lp'okirig for -:work, ; '- ;andwher,e any ..can .be i: found ..they, charge-;' so ' much1 that they '''don't' git' it. ' A When ,J-,I ' '. .'say I don't.likerwork I tell the :truthll But ''' if I haf to; wor,k'.T;shall dpJ i-i'like: i.'mati. _ and nptriin away! from it iike some' people' ? , I .THE^AuSTBALIANo.Rl^IiH.TEAM.f^rCap.t,- .... , J. ,H.; Room,, jone, ,pf the [representatives ofji :? _ Tasmania ..in 1 the ,Australiam teatnat .the -. Wimbledon, .National;, Rifle , Meeting,,^ re- ... turned to ;Launcestbn: Tuesday by 'the s.s. , .; pateena,; from,, England, via, Melbourne. ;r Mr. Room .speaks highly ; of the trip, and : expresses .himself as, having , tborougtilyr enjoyed it. :The utmost , good' feeling, pre-; ' ;;? vailed, amongst all the members through- - i but,, aid ; although the Tasmanian . reprp-'; , sentatives were not so successful as they. ; : anticipated, they have benefitted in every way by the trip. Mr. Room;has! Jearned ; ; :much in .volunteer, matters since .'his dep»r ,ture,, which he will turn 'to. good:. ac- ' ?count..;; ,?-..?;, ? '( ,:.\\--. \u. :?-:.'? -?\\\:,-y.-: -.?:???,?-'?:- ? An Ex-Tasmanian.— ^The following ei- ' ,ti:act from the Oympie Miner' (Queensland) ?bf November 8will 1)6 of - interest to maiiy: ' of .; our. readers:— 'Our worthy rP.M.' arid Warden, G; L:' Lukin,' Esq.; has, we are in formed;- received 'definite orders to proceed ' ? to Rockhampton;' and 'will cease to act' bflB- ?' cially on Gyinpie afte'r 'Wednesday next. . He will -probably leaveiin1 time7 to catch, ; the first steamer for Rockhamptoir after'1' :that date.- '?'? Mrs. Lukin and the ; rest of the family will join'Mr.-Lukin later on. :Th'e success with which : Mr. Lukin has administered the ' Qolfields Acts is ; beyond ;: dispute; arid is evidenced by the'1 fact that ' ' riot a single : decision given by him 'during . the past six years has been upset'on appeal.' ' Many who' need such 'will losea wise coun-, 'sellor and gobdfriend wherihe leaves,;and we are certain he -will ' carry with him1 'the good ? wishes \'- of every unprejudiced resi dent'of 'this goldfield.' ? ; ??'?! ''- '??'? ?'???? '-?'_ ?' '. i CHBisT'SiCoLLEGE.— -The Mercury under :stands'that a cablegram has '. been receiyed- - from the Commissioners. ' appointed in ' !England,to' select a successor to the Rev; IT..' Thistle, who; recently resigned his office - as. Warden-, of. Christ's College,- anil .re quested the Council to relieve himfroiri.his jduties .at. the. end of .the year. The'Gpm I'missioners .report to' the effect ,that,,they haye made an appointtnent. which satisfies ; T ; all , the . conditions , prescribed '.',. by; the Couricil, and that the new warden, will .leave ^ngland fpr,Hobart early in Decein- ? ?ber next. ',,? ,' ,i / ,.,; ... ::'.. , '?', ' J '.;.-' , , \ The, Late Captain Young.— From: the : rArgus. we ?learn^that. on Sunday iastthe.' . flags ;iof 'the shipping in the Yarra and: at ; ?the-piers were lowered ,to half-mast 'as a - tribute.'of respect: to the memory of Captain ? 1 j. R; Young, who diedonrSaturday.night .': from cancer 'in! the- throat. Previous to' Ijpining the ..T.S.N.- Company's service: as chief officer: of the Royal Shepherd in; I860,: :he had been employed: in the s;s.. Storm- ? .bird; trading to' Port! Albert; : 1 As already 1 mentioned; Captain- Young leaves'a-.wido'vrr; ibut^no-familvj his only. son having, died in.il ?March,!l885; -j] ??.-: .; :?-.-, .!.-??, ' l!:,v.'u-:'.:- - ' : Rough on rRAT0.:~Clears; put rats/'mice,'1 .'roaches, flies/ ,:ants, ''|be'd-jbugs,',;beetles insects','' skunks,';' jack-rabbits; sparrow,* ,, 'gophers. ' At ch.emists.and druggistsi1 , . '' , .,-! ; . BucHUrPAiBi'.'^diuckj'cbmpl.ei^.'jC^ :all ariripyirig kidney,' 'bladder,',aridi'urina^r:'r idiseases'i-l'J1 Kb ''chemists' andJ ' 'druggists:^ ?Feli^ny'Qnmwade^'and'-Coi^age^ 1 ! Hi..' ;l:ii p?.':cr 0; lyJiv^ni vr;*u t.v:n il ? The' Municipal Elections.— Wo un ?derstand that Mr. D. Robin, .who was mentioned as \& probable candidate for municipal honours in the'early part of the week, has definitely declined to contest the ?election owing to his contemplated early ?departure from Launceston. No other namos have yet been mentioned so that it is probable that there will be no oppo si tion to the retiring aldermen. , . ..'? The Weatheb; — After' several weeks'; o£ ?dry weather, which has during the ;last few days become oppressively sultry, a welcome change set in at an early hour Thursday morning, and by 4 a.m. a steady soaking downpour had commenced, which continued with but slight intermission till ?6 p.m., when a southerly wind which had! sprung up checked the rain. : The fall has been pretty general throughout the colony, and will do an incalculable amount of good to the crops, which had- suffered consider able damage on account of the' longcon tinued drought. A Forinbycorrespondent, writing Thvrs'day, states :— The . weather liere changed last night.' It has recently been very; warm, even oppressive. 'Bain commenced to fall towards midnight, fol lowed by a terrifio wind. ' I hear the sea washed over the road near General Lodder's house, between., the Leven and Penguin, carrying away stones. Such an occurrence has /not |' happened. , f or .years. The; s.s. Mangana from Melbourne arrived between 8 and 9 p.m.. The. passengers say the'wind and sea were uncommonly rough. Pibe.— A serious fire took place Bhortly' befpr'e noon Thursday at Kirk's Bazaar, ! Charles-street, and by which some hun dreds of pounds worth of damage was caused.; The fire originated in ^a large; rooin.upstairs, which is used for 'storing, purposes, and contained straw mattresses, . .-soir ropes, crockery, bedsteads, etc. . Smoke' was seen issuing from thetwindows facing, on Charles-street, some ^passers by giving the alarm. Both firebells- rang out the alarm, and in a very short time the fire-: men' and a crowd of people were. on the spoil. Much,, difficulty was experienced, in getting the' water on .the flames, as V.the ,rpom in .which ? the matter was burning was full of smoke. The :fire was very soon extinguished, ^although the damage done was consider-! .able. A narrow escape occurred when the ?fire broke out, a child of Mrs. Kirk's being nearly suffocated by the sinbke ..before it could be removed from the room. The origin of the fire is not yet known, but it is alleged some children were playing with . matches in the room a few minutes before the alarm was given. The house is in sured in' the Liverpool and London office, and the contents of the shop in the Mutual. , ;.-.,: ? ? ; ; ... ?. , ? ?? ' ??' ? ' The New Bishop op Melbourne. — The London correspondent --f the Argus, writing on October 15, says :— It is doubt ful whether the new Bishop of Melbourne can' reach his '.diocese before the end of March. He is personally anxious to enter upon his duties without delay, but the formalities attending his consecration must delay, his' departure until February next. The last of the five bishops constituting the board of electors signed the certificate of his election on the 11th inst., and the document will be sent put to Melbourne by to-day's' mail. In the case of Dr. Mobr house, in 1876, four months elapsed be tween the date of his election and his consecration, and, as the same formalities must be observed on the present occasion, it is pretty certain that the Re\\. Field Flowers Goe cannot be 'consecrated by the Archbishop of Canterbury before the last week in January or the.' first week ,in February. It is impossible at -present to say where the ceremony will take place. ? Mr. Goe would personally prefer either Westminster Abbey or St. Paul's, because he has a large circle of private friends who would like to be present. He has been in formed that there are difficulties in the way of utilising.-, .these buildings for .-.the consecration of, colonial, bishops except' under circumstances which may not arise on ttis occasion. In that event: the cere mony may take place in either the Arch bishop of Canterbury's chapel at Lambeth or in a London parish church. Meanwhile, , Mr. Goe is making the acquaintance of re sidents in his diocese who are on a visit to London.: '.'', ???' . ... y '.'?'. . , 'Wesley an Chuech, Ellesmebe; — A correspondent writes : — A new church in connection . with the Wesleyan denomina tion' was opened on Sunday last. The :sermons were preached by the Rev. H: Greenwood, of Hobart, who gave able and interesting 'discourses, to large congrega tions both morning and evening. On the following day' a tea-meeting was held in ?commemoration. of the event, at which the ;appetising edibles were done justice to by a good number' of connoiseurs; ; After the debris was cleared away a lecture was de 'livered' by Mr. Greenwood, the subject ?being 'The late Princess Alice,' which was dealt.with in a very able, manner,; in terspersed, with , amusing anecdotes and musical selections by; av few members of. the church choir. , The sum of .£18 15s :ld was raised towards the expenses of the new building by collections on the Sabbath and the tea and lecture on Monday.' ' Fatal Accident at Bangob.— -A pain ful accident happened at the Bangor Slate Quarry Thursday morning, resulting in the death, of a Welsh miner named Edward Thomas. It appears that Thomas was working, as braceman at the main shaft, and in landing a truck load of slate must have mistaken the compartment he was ?emptying.' Instead of running,' the. truck away he pushed it ' towards the other conir jpartment of the shaft, into which he walked, falling with the truck a dis tance of 250 feet. Nobody saw_ the man iall down, the shaft, and the engine-driver, .?Edward:Hayes, ; states that he was talking to the; deceased about a quarter to 3 a.m. A few minutes ,after, noticing .something ?nEUSually wrong ^Ith iiko winding ogear»' HayeB Tiverit to the shaft, : and not seeing, deceased, and' the' shift trucks not being on the; cage, he believed an accident had occurred. Hayes reported the matter to another engine-driver named Jonathan Hutchinson, who' sent for the police. , After the arrival of Constable Elveretfc, Hutchin son 'and ' Henry Goo'dmari went down the shaft, and found deceased lying between the truck and cage. '. ;They brought him, upj and on examination found his legs, back, and.neck' were; broken; there being also a large wound in the skull. Thomas was c^uite dead, and death must have1 been instantaneous. He was a married man, 32 years of , age, and leaves a wife and two children1 at Bangor, and one child in Wales, deceased ,was a sober, industrious man, and had been at work at the quarry for 15 months. .'?',- It j has 'not' yetibeen decided whether an''inquesf is (necessary.' The, accident, has been reported '.to Mr,, G. Thjireauj Inspector, . of Mines, , who was, to proceed to Bangor jand'.enquire into' the matter. ; ,,,1;'' ., I Social. PuBiTT.--pn., Thursday; Pastor G. ' Soltau delivered ah,, address ion. social' purity to young men only in. the- Salvation A'rmy Barracks. There was a very limited attendance, Mr. H. Stephens occupying the chair. 'The lecturer dealt exhaustively with his subject, and referred at length to the Licensing Act, which, he said, was one of the most abused acts of Parliament in Tasmania. For instance, a section provided a ; penalty, against publicans for selling on Sundays, and- keeping open after hours. Pastor Soltau said persons : could get into almost any public-house after hours, and all day on Sunday, ' This, he said, should be abolished; and every man in the community should take a stand against - the manner in which the Licensing.Act was .worked. The. pastor also referred to the. .appointment of' a jthird judge for Launceston, and urged upon those present to see.that the lnanwho was to 'be elected was in favour of social purity. ?' A vote of thanks to the lecturer concluded theproceedings. . Who, is to Blame ?—, A. short time since we pointed out the great necessity for the , appointment of additional. coroners for the north, but nothing , has ? since been done. At the time it was pointed out that the' only three coroners in the . north were ? Messrs. G. A. Kemp (Acting P.M.), F. W. Von Stieglitz, and' W. H. Glover, being about half as many as' the extensive districts , .'over which' their services are required should possess. Thursday a fatal accident happened at the Bangor Slate Quarry,1 some 20 miles from town, - particulars of which were immediately sent to the Super intendent of the Selby. police, who thought aninquest necessary. Upon application to the three coroners it was found that not one was available. ? Mr. Kemp had been summoned to Ho.bart to give evidence before a select committee of Parliament, Mr. Glover was on duty at Be-tconsfield, and Mr. . Von. Stieglitz refused' to go on account .of the Government Auditor dis puting an account sent him for cab hirein connection with an official visit to Bangor on!a*' previous occasion! Mr. Superinten dent Armstrong immediately wired to Mr. Bernard Shaw, Inspector of Police at Hobart, to see what was to be done, but we understand no reply had been received up to last evening. It is hard to tell how. the matter will end, and it is doubtful whether an inquest will be held or not. Perhaps some of our northern members of Parliament will ask, 'who is to blaine ?'. . NOBTHEBN HORTICULTUBAL SOCIETY. — The spring show under the auspices of this Society; which was to have been held on -Thursday ,'was postponed until Tuesday in consequence of the unpropitious state of the weather. We learn that a iarge number of entries have been received for the show, and it is anticipated the exhibition will exceed , previous years, both in respect to number of entries and quality of exhibits. Lisle Police .Court.— Our , correspon-, dent sends us a full report of proceedings at ithe Lisle Police ; Court on 24th inst.- before Mr. C. G. H. Furlong, J.P. Sub Inspector M'Connell proceeded against Edward Gunner, Alfred Barker, Stephen Keinp, Alfred Bowden, and Geo. W. Kemp on a charge of having created a disturbance and used threatening language at Lisle on the night of the, uth, inst. The defendant Gunner was the only one , of the five who put in an appearance, and he pleaded not guilty. The first witness, Emma Hammond, deposed that .. on the night in question she . was so drunk she could hardly stand, and ;was insulted by the two Kemps and 'Barker. She believed Bowden was there, but did not see Gunner. Barker and Kemp had since threatened to 'break her jaw' if she gave evidence against them. W. H. Harinan, a miner, deposed hearing the disturbance, and recognised A. Barker and S. Kemp, the former of whom he heard using bad language. W. Petherbridge, another miner, recognised Gunner, Barker, and S. Keinp amongst those creating a disturb ance,, and swearing, to , the annoyance of the inhabitants. R. Newman, also a miner, heard the disturbance,. but was not close enough to identify. , the parties, though' he recognised Barker by his voice. Constable W. H. Stewart deposed to seeing the five defendants come out of , Faulkner's Hotel shortly after 10 p.m. and proceed up the township using ' bad language, in which Gunner joined. Since the defendant Gunner was fined at the last court he had conducted himself in a quiet and orderly manner, and the constable be lieved Gunner had been led away by the: others. The Bench said that in considerar tion ? of the defendant having conducted himself properly since the last court day he would simply reprimand him and remit the costs. With regard to A; Bowden, at the request of the Sub Inspector, a warrant should issue. There was , another charge .against; Edward Gunner, but Mr. Sub-Inspector M'Connell after,; calling his; first witne3s,iTfhose;jevi-,i dence was directly opposed to the com plaint, withdrew, the case: This is one of those miscarriages of justice by which the police are hampered. They were induced to prosecute from statements madei, but when the first witness was called his evi dence convinced Mr. Sub-Inspector. M'Connoll that it was hopeless tp proceed ?any further, as the witness i had stated one thing to the police and was prepared to 'swear another. .,: ?:' 'i . ?? Colonial : Compressed ?Leather; — A Melbourne journal states that Mr.;! A; E. Ahold; of Marrickyille; Sydney,.has met a number of gentlemen at Scott's Hotel, and displayed to them specimens' of his ?patent compressed leather. This is made of .waste from the numerous boot factories, tanneries, and: other' leather ? works,- of which it is estimated there are some. 70 tons: per week. : Mr/ Arnold explained the process 'of manufacture at some length, and stated- that the product was 'capable of re sisting enormous pressure. It could also be sawn, planed, or turned in a lathe, and .would receive designs in colour or polish like mahogany. It would, he said, : be useful for railway brakes, tesselated pave ments, machinery bearings, mantelpieces) brackets, cornices, and for many other pur poses; *The specimens of leather produced were generally , admired, ' ''and . it' was acknowledged to be a most useful in vention. ' ? ? France1 a wd the New Hebrides. — The s.s. . Corea arrived at Brisbane on 17th instant from a : round trip amongst the South : Sea Islands, with- returned Kanakas. The Corea* while in the New Hebrides, visited both Port Sandwich, in the; island of Mallicolo, : and Havannah ?Harbour, in the island of ' Sandwich, at oajch of whioh1' places' French 'military . stations had . been ? established; the . -: force ' aM each nlace numberin&r; about 100 men. Barracks and other buildings have been erected oh land which' is the purchased property of the New Hebrides Company. The barracks are .only good bush houses, but the roads, bridges, and wells all pre sent a thoroughly permanent appearance. At Havannah Harbour greater reticence was observed than at Port Sandwich, but at each place the idea of leaving the New Hebrides is, regarded by the Frenchmen with amusement and laughter. There they are, and there they intend to stop, is in effect what they say. The New Hebrides Company, which is generally believed to be heavily subsidised by .the French, is buying more land in the island of Malli colo, and the barracks at Port Sandwich will probably be shifted to a more shel tered spot. The natives of the New Hebrides, especially those on the island of Mallicolo, openly express dislike to the French. These natives are much more fully supplied; with, arms of all the older kinds than on any . other, island, but it is doubtful if they have much air munition. A Ghost Scare.— For some titne past a great scare has existed in the usually quiet borough of Kew, near Melbourne, by the nightly appearance of a practical joker, arrayed in a phosphorescent sheet, with the evident intention of alarming timid people. It is stated that the would-be ghost generally shows himself before women and children, or persons from whom he runs no risk of1 retaliation. The scare has so mani fested itself that a constable in plain clothes has been specially told off to endea vour to catch the cowardly fellow. He was first seen by a lady who was going home in the company of her husband, and who, on the appearance of the. apparition, was so affected as to render herself subject to recurring fits. The husband, strange enough, did hot notice the ghost. A num ber of girls, going home from church at night were also greatly alarmed by seeing ' UI1U lippU'LltiUU, WJllUil, IAJ UlltSUl, 1UOO. . U|J . wards from the ground to a height of about 8ft. ?? It is to be hoped that the fellow will soon [be. caught, and thai exemplary punishment will be meted but to him. Police Court. — The Bench at the Laun ceston Police Court was occupied Thursday, by Messrs. G. A. Kemp, Acting P.M., and Ernest Whitfeld, J.P. A man aged' 77 . years was fined 5s for having been drunk. Leslie Martin was charged with having on the 15th inst. uttered a cheque for £& 5s with intent to defraud the Commercial Bank. Defendant was remanded for one week. Daniel Allen and James M'Nair were each fined 5s and costs for having allowed animals, their property, to be at large. Henry Webster was fined 21s or one month's imprisonment for having used obscene ; language at the - Upper Piper. William Woods and Benjamin Williams were fined 203 and costs each for disturbing the peace at the Upper Piper. Cornelius Sullivan pleaded not guilty to having, on the 18th inst., assaulted his wife, Alice Sullivan, by striking her in the face' with his fist. The complainant de posed to having been struck by defendant because she was talking to her brother on the day in question. The Bench found Sullivan guilty, and fined him .£1 and costs 12s 6d. Joseph Booth pleaded not guilty tp having failed to maintain his two children. Sarah Smith deposed to the children having been left with her by Booth on the understanding that he was to pay 10s per week for their support. He had paid 22s, but now owed, for seven weeks. The Bench allowed defendant until Mon day next to pay the ; amount, and ordered him to contribute 10s per week afterwards. Theresa Miller pleaded not guilty ! to having, on the 22nd inst., used indecent language to ;Mary Ann Holt. Mr. R. Byron Miller appeared1 for the prosecution. The evidence of Rebecca Pretty, rThomas Eagle,, and complainant; proved the, case, defendant being fined 21s,;. and costs IO3 Gd.i or one month's imprisonment. ..'??. Town Pabk.— An old and young kan garoo have just |been added'to the collec tion of animals..at the Town 'Park, having; been .kindly forwarded, by t Mr. ',P. H,. Tudker,:of Scottsdale. '''[, ,;',., xr'~.y) yiiiv'/ii i 