SPOITINCG. THE AUTUMN M1ETINGS. The handicapper for the W. A.-. Tuf Club is such a good man for the work and isso very sensitive that no onelikes to find fault with his awards. But,though he has undtloubtedly neen ,ery correct, or else very fortunate, I am not always disposed to agree with him ncr can I think that either at Perth or York the events will justify his weights. He may be pel fectly r;ghton public form and there is perna.s nothing else on whlichhce can go, but those who can go behind the public iunning of the horses engaged would cer tainly weight some of the horses very differ ently. I will say nothing about the weights for,:the .Ladies Bracelet either, at. PFth -r York ;i for'.whcn weights..geti ab6vc lOst, there is no saying " how they will tell on horses. There are light horses who look as if they could only carry quite . light weight who will yet go across Country with Jrlt' on their backs, while great strong looking brutes who seem as if they would be able to carry a castle will knock up under 12st; and a horse like DGat!ey JDree might carry his weight easily, while a bl- bonSy horse, like Mlilord. would be tl:'. in the first mile. I will therefore conline my i'..marks to the Autumn andl Perth llandicap, whe:'ro we bare Trcmandlo oily giving Banker 31hbs., while the last iam id horse iv'as i lb) tof '!eyi.Blree I Now, looking at the performan;ces of Mr. lfarwoods lhore on the " ot her side," or even at the ease with which hlie beat both Banker and Barley riee on the .Perth course, it seems.to me thanthe is giving the two others just nillitmg. :What is Danker? He is strong, slashing but coarse, heavily.built horsel who after runnuing very moderately astonishled evern one. who knew him by doing wonderful time in one particular race. He has never run particularly well on any previous occasion. it is tone, he beat War Cry for the Maidlen .!last year, but he never made a slow' a;ainst that horse during the rest of the meeting, and was considered by every one to be completely out classed by him, What likelihood thereforeis there of hil ruttnolg up to Mr. Ilarwoods horse, unless he were' to eeive from.the latter a great advantage! 'I iray be wroiig, but I should niot judge him to be as good as Tre mil10l by nearly a stone. Of course, the latter may break down, but that ij what any horse may do, andl weights are fixed without respect to casualties. Then, as regards Barley. Bree, his general running has been so much superior to that o? Banker that I should have said he should have given w ight instead of receivingit.. Ishould have put Trematdo at st 121bs, Barley BIrec at ?et 31bs and BaRikee at 9st-.icrtaily not more. WarCry who, though he has been unfortunate in meeting wi:h adcidents and in liaving ,beedn brought on the ground at Yourk in too big condition, is a very snperior horse and seems tome to carry just about the rig .t weight. The same may ha said of Rosebcrry, who notwithstanding his upright shoulder and his uncertain temper possesses great pace and power and is threefore a dan getous horse. ,Hero to my mind comes off about tie best.' of the lot 'for, although he has of late been unfortunate, I believe him to be after Tremando the best horse in the colony-a horse with greater speed nld greater power than.Barley Bree. Should ilero be brcugsht out thoroaghly fit, I am disposed to think the race will lie between him, Tremando and Sinbad-that is if the last named horse has got plenty of musclb put on him and h.s been made as good as he ought to be made, I quite agree with Vindex that this hoipe was not fit to run atthe last Perth races and that even if he had been so it was worse than useless to go on running a three year old raceafter race. His owner was no doubt actuated bya desir, to keep faith with the public; but every one could see th t tlie hofse must run worse every succeedling rac'. Supposing Sinbad to be in suticient ly hardform, I should say the Maiden at Perth would fallto'hirnand that he will te placed for the Autumn Handicap, even if he does not win it. Bnt everything will depend on his condition and the use whicdh is made of hbm. Of the horses which I:ha?ve not named I think very little. :.Harry ista: strong horse but with too heavy boneand too uptight a shoulder/ Be will run better t?lan his looks but I cannot;believe that. he will do anything except in very indifferent company. Sir Garuet l have not seed for two years. He ran at Pirth under three year old weights when hie was only a forward two year old and had not a ghost of a chance. lie may have a better chance running in the Autumn than he could ever have run ning in January till hlie is an aged horse, but be must be very much improved to. carry weightover anydistance. He is how ever remarkably fast and l'should n-t like to pronounce against him without seeing him. YORICk. 