CLAIBORNW KEAN. (Br JAMEs T. M'KAY Ns " THE CENTURY.") [Continued.] A certain assurance in the fellow's manner increased Keen's 'desire on general principles to fling him down stairs. But he stood still .with un. changing features, and his eyes on the swaggering intruder while he argued the case with himself. Ought he not to send him out of mischief if he could I He had nothing to gain by it, and no wish to spend money on him; he could -, athim a ticket and see that he started. enedn up, looked round, saw an im proved scalpel lying near, took it up, and said he would give him a ticket to another place; and he drove him before him, tripping and stumbling down the stairs so that people came out to see; Once or twice, after that, he saw him in the company, of faro men and like gentry.' - Finally Edith was obliged to con sult Helen and George,/and they ad vised and helped: her to remove out of the way of his pursuit and rob bery. Then Clay scarcely ever saw him. . Some time afterward he got a note from his friend Dr. Bail, of St. Lazas rus Hospital, saying they had a man there who "wished to see him. He went up and found it was Marcy. -He saw it was a bad case, and the house. murgeon confirmed that opinion. He went to see-him several times, and one night he found him excited and garru lens. -He said he wts:glad to see Kean, that he felt better to-night, and. wanted: to talk to him. 'There's a minister that comes round here, and he's been talking .up- his. little ground plan of things to me. He's a clever little fellow, but heltries to square accounts by putting the cash to balance on the same side of tha sheet with all the other entries; and it woin't'" work. The whole 'thing's right here, Kean (you .know I've 'always been frank). You've gone straight and 'I haven't, and -you're there and l''m here; that's about 'the short.meter 'of it. You wouldn't even shake hands, I believe; and I 'don't know as I blame yen. But how. was it' You were made cool and' clean;-: -without strong passion;and you got-a straight start and went right along, square heel and toe. '.Oh, I know your, score's true.. 've watched you when ?you.,were~offl guard. But I asn't made-or started' tbtt- jway.Z was ,put in a broker's office when I was tn,- to help my mother off three dollars a week; and I was smart at catching the' tricks, and they used to laugh and coddle me when I played it sharp. But I played it a little too sharp for them afterward. I've been playing it on somebody ever since, and you can count my winnings easy ; they're all right here. It hasi't made any difference to you which side the cent came up; sit was always SHeads, I win; tails, you lose,' with youn. And it doesn't 'stand to reason to balance -the 'profit and loss by. putting more loss on 'my side, does 'Kean did notrespond to the implied invitationn to shake -hands, and his voice sounded sterni, though he felt .on enmity; toward the poor, wreck, %but rather:' a', deep awe toward&the; 'uthor of all the strange issiies of life. 'Don't build on- any, such. shallow -sophistry,' he" said. ' You- are very. much : mistaken if-- you .believe ;'that about me. .You?oight to know that if I have kept the straight road, as you say, it hasn't been altogether 'smooth or flowery. I advise you to listen to what the clergyman has to say. Marcy dropped away then from his forced manner, whimpered a little and acknowledged that he had not deserved well:ot Kean, and declared that he was Sgoing to make a fresh start when he ?ot out again. SKean did what he could for his com -ort and came away, and in the" morn ing they sent him word that Marcy was dead. He had not asked for Edith, and Helen now sent her the first news she had heard of it. Kean came in from making some arrangements for the burial, feeling tired and sore, -and \--found. Edith just arrived. She was flushed with a pained look. She'turned on Clay: - 'Oh, why did you not tell me .You ought to have.told me-- should have ' been with him.' Kean wheeled away from her, and when Helen looked in his face she tamred to Edith and spoke for him : S'-:Be still,Edith ! You don't know what you are sayving. You have no ig it to reproach Clay.' Kean saw that Marcy was decently buried, with as little showing of his own hand in the business as was pos. sible. Edith knew, however, and one Sday later she asked his forgiveness for er ungrateful words. He easily for gave, but could not forget. IHelen persuaded Edith to move into the city, where she could better help to \- support herself and little Helen; and the stream of .their lives flowed on with 'a smooth surface once more. Young . Helen' and Kean were fast friends, and by degrees he fell into the -'ay of doing many friendly offices for the girl and her mother. on their way to a neighbouring ceme tery and went with them. As they walked among the white stones and greensward of the sunny slope, Edith stooped and stood forgetfully before a child's simple monument. He saw that it bore a boy's name and the words, " Of such is the kingdom of heaven.' And his thoughts went off with hers to a far-away church-yard with a sweeter air and a mellower sunshine brooding over it. A day or two afterwards he asked her if she knew whether or not there was a stone at her boy's grave. He told her Marcy had been going to have one put up when he left him after the fever. She did ndt know. and Kean said she would like to know very much. He did write; bat it was some time before he reported to Edith, and then he simply sent her two photographs in an envelope, one of the churchyard with the little grave, and one of the stone, showing the inscription with the same text. as that which she had seem ed to like. She spoke about it the first time he saw her, saying he was very good, and the pictures were a great comfort and remarking how murih the inscription pleased her. Something" more she had intended to say, but, could not to him, but to Helen, she. expreesed .great re morsR towards Marcy, when she show ed her the pictures and told her about them '' " 1 ", : elen spoke to Clay about it after wards, and he became abstracted and forgot to answer a question she asked himi. When she repeated it more pointedly he laughed suddenly and got up and went out. With all the help Helen could man age to give Edith without offence, it was evident enough she had a'sharp struggle' to live' and keep Ellie at school. After a while she came in one day upon Helen and Clay as they sat waiting for- George:. She was excited and showed them. a sum of money which she said she had received from th WVest;,with tihe information tkat a like amount "would be due her regu larly in future.' She had no particulars as.to its source, .but after thinking it over, she had io doubt that it was the proceeds of sonic mining investments which Marcy had made soome years be fore. 'He had shown her a large sum of money at one titie, and told her he was ingo to invest it in her name. And "slier asked IClay to let her pay Marcy's' fiuneral expenses :Inow, as shie had promised him to, do? so: when able; `an"life t the inmoneyinto nbis hBanids `-h spread it oat oin his knee mechanically and sat looking ,at it; after a while he counted out part of it, rolled up the rest and returned it with. out speaking. Edith took leave qdickly, and Helen went down with her. When Helen came back some time aftewiard; Clay'was- sittinri where she had left him. He presently noticed that she stood looking at him, and he got up and laughed harshly as before. He went out without 'speaking, and ,Helen found the money' Edith 'had given him on the floor:: When she ollered it to him, he said : SCan't you spend it for them some how I I couldn't toich it.' : HIe seemed a little .hard for a time, but soon renewed his friendliness with Edith, consorting, indeed, much more with young Helen, for whom -he as sumed the right to buy books and the like, and with whom he renewed his youth by association in her studies and sympathy in her enjoyments and occu pations,-in which sihe let him share. In fact, a certain iinvoluntary sternness caile into his, manner toward Edith solimetimles. So they drifted on with the .stream of the world. - :And by-oandbye' there camse a gieatr disqluiet: into, all their hearts. -Helen was not well, then she was less well, and still less. . One evening George went out early, and bade Clay take Helen for a walk. Nhe still laughed ;;nothing could sub due that dauntless spirit of hers. But as they went, it made Clay's heart ache to feel how heavily she hung on his armf, and how her feet lagged, weary and slow. It put him in a sorry humor, and he1 spokc to her more openly-tian he ever had of certain matters of his own. IHe complained that Marcy seemed to have been fated to pursue him all his. life; that even since his death he continued to curse him and fool Edith. ' She has been canonising his miser able memory, and it eecms as if I could not turn my hand without helping to gild the false god she had made of himn.' They were silent for a while, and then Helen said ' lay, thereare some things I don't quite understand that I think I ought to know.' And she put question after question, to which he answered yes or no. Edith was out of town, and on her return found an urgent message from Helen, and went directly. Belen was failing rapidly; they knew the end could not be far off. The house was hushed and drear. As Edith entered Helen's room softly, she sat propped up languidly trying to eat some watery-looking food. She looked sadly wasted and faint, but :the old light came into her eyes, and she moved the dish toward her friend with- such an expressive smile and ges ture to :partake, that Edith could not help laughing, though both knew that 3 - . . death looked on. Helen lay down then' and rested awhile. Then she made Edith come close so that she could hold her hands and looked straight into. her face. She lay still so a little ,while, and then she said ; "Edith, you love Clay:" Edith turned white and then scarlet, and sank beside the bed as if struck down; and she cried - " "Oh, Helen, do not put. 'me to Sshame. Oh, I have suffered." " Edith, listen," Helen pursued; ".I must speak to you. You have suffered remorse toward Charles Marcy since his death, and believe him better than you learned to think him. It's time you knew the truth; he was. a- gat was a forger and a thief. Even in' that first knavery of which he was so frank to you, he added lying to cheating; he did keep one of the papers, a letter of credit from Clay, and he afterwards altered it and used it again. Did you ever miss a page from your album on which Clay had written ? Well, he took that and erased all but Clay's signature and forged a draft on it ; and with the two papers he rolbed Clay again. That was what brought 'Olay to Franklinburg when you sawllii -h "And oh, Edith, the annuity you have had these years is the outcome of what was left of Clay's Valley 'City property when he stole the rest, aind which Clay would never touch till, he ordered it sent to you. You paid him for the funeral expenses with somae of his own money. And Mhrcy- did not put up the stone to your boy, but spent. the money- which -Clay left for the purpose. Clay had it put up after ward. I never knew all this till now. I made Clay.tell me the other night." " Oh, Helen !" Edith cried. She was overwhelhied. *'Hclen's a phrases beat upon her like great waves and washed away the sands on which she had built her life, and' there seetred to he no where any ground for her feet. She sat there helpless and hardly conscious. She did not know that Helen pu'led, her bell-chord and gave a . whispered, message. After a while Clay came in. , Edith did not move. He stood looking doiwn at Helen ; she lay,.With her eyes closed, and then looked up at him and smiled. "Clay," she said faintly, but with her old humor showing through all weakness, " I have been telling- Edith how she has been deceived in you, and exposing you to her in your true character.". - He looked, at her with pain and re proab.2 The.ir hes ,turnedtward Edith. She sat in a low chair, down cast, with her hands outstretched in her lap. She could not get up, but she raised her eyes with painful constraint anid said coldly " I must have seemed very dull and. ungrateful. I. have been very blind, but I am not ungrateful." Her words and manner struck..him with a chill pang. He turned from her and bent his head low beside Helen's. 'Oh, Helen,' he cried bitterly, 'you must not leave nie. 'My. heart is broken; she.might have spared me her gratitude. I shall comr with you. I shall not live !' Helen laid her hand :on his cheek, the mere ghost of a hand now ; but her low laugh came still, and she chided : ' Oh, you poor foolish- children ! Must I- do it all 4 Clay, there is one thing I have not asked her, and one I have not told her, one that. you must tell h',r and ask her yourself.' He searched her face eagerly, then turned toward Edith; and he told her with one passionate cry, and continued : 'I don't want your pity or your gratitude, but-oh, Edith, Edith !' He held out his hand to her, with out going nearer; and after a mnoment she got up and came and put her band in his ; and he drew her slowly, slowly, as if across the gulf of all -the bitter years. And so there came into that house a great grief and a deep, still joy. And both dwell there yet and temper one another after years have passed. Edith came to live there, and les' sened, as far as she might, the irrepar able loss of Helen's children and their lonely, stricken father. ::Edith and Clay go in and out with the sense of. agreatpeace havirng fallen on the world after a hng?gh-s CL-?.-a-r-k: ness-anid storm. They are .not nearly so sure- as they once were that they know much about the schenme. of the world, but are confident that their more pressing concern- is that they should be faithful in little or much. And so, per haps, it is for all. \- - Ts END. On the eve of a visit to Europe, the late John Welch looked casually over the books of the Episcopal Hospital at Philadelphia, and noticed that its debts amounted to. 3,600. Two days later, when he was on the ocean, and be yond the reach of thanks, the managers received his cheque for the full amount. Two men in Hyderabad, India, .lately laid a ?ager that they could look at 'le sun all day. One, after looking for a few hours fled from the place ; .the other con tinned till about noon, when lie fell to the earth and expired. The Queensland vital statistics show the birth-rate during 1885 to be 89' per 1.,000 of the population, and the death rate 19 per 1,000. In twelve months 495 mar dogs were killed in London, the deaths from hydro. pobia being23 - 