I ;1 THE Right Bev. Dr. Webber, Bishop of|j Brisbane, arrived in Boms ou Friday even ing last, and vu the guest of Be*. Mr. Oeborn at the rectory. On Saturday he took a drive round Roma, and on Sunday held services in St. Paul's church. At eight o'clock in the morning, the Bishop celebrated the Holy Commaoioa.-*>* At eleven o'clock morning prsyer WU held, followed by a confirmation service. Ser, Mr. Osborn read the prayers, wd the Biahop the lessons for the day, and the order of Confirmation then followed. In bu first exhortation to the candidates, the Bishop aaid that be wished them to lolly understand the meaning of those two simple words " I do." There were few shorter sentences, bat the weight of the words ooatd not lie measured by the oambera. Tlie history ot the service they were about to perform j dated from the year 1662. The preacher j then proceeded to explain the of the laying on of hinds, wbich praoose bad been known from the earliest days of Chris tianity. fie reminded the candidates that, they did not dome to give anything to God, bat to receive » blessing iron> film. Tbey1 -reallycame to ask tins frot«Boo tod care of a Father, and to beseech of Him the. sevenfold gifts of the Holy Ghost., Be earnestly exhorted thoee who came before hhn to try and subject their wills to the will of Almighty God. They had taken God at« Hiswordwhen He said-He would confer Jib, gift on tbosewfeoasked it, aod if they truly! believed they would not be sent empty*w»y. Incoaciusoo heaftked'the cider portion of the eongtegatAon to jook baok apottthe time when they made their codfinaation vow», and to ask themselves* whether they had that time. .* Thirteen 'female, and lit iiW candidates i were then duly confirmed. /lUie Bishop sitting on a chair within the rails andeacb advancing separately aihd keeling down be fore him. After the confirmation his Lordship de livered another eloquent address dwelling on tin necessity for constant prayer, daily reading of the Bible, aod regular attendance at the.Loid'stable. ' j In the evening the church was crammed and ! the Bishop preached a Strang practical sermon from £phesians,chapter 6 verselO. " Be strong In the Lord, and in the powerof' his might" .. Collections were taken up at both the morning and evening services in aid of the Biahop of Bdibuw'« mission food aod about1 £8 was collected. ?: 