UNIVERSITY FEES. AT a meeting of the University Council on Monday a new scale of fees was proposed. As there is a large increase in the expenditure, it had become ne cessary to devise some means by which the income might be proportionately enlarged, and it did not seem that there was any other way of getting over the difficulty than that proposed. The teaching staff has been enlarged, and professors are to receive a higher remuneration than heretofore. Books, apparatus, teaching materials, &c.;, have to be supplied in larger quantity, and the appointment of co-examiners is also an additional expense. And with these there are other unavoidable causes for that growth of expenditure which is forcing the contemplated change on the Council. If the proposed scale were adopted, the fees for six subjects in the "Little Go" would be £10 10s.—an increase of £2 5s.; but for a single subject the charge would only be five shillings— half of what it is—and for two subjects the fee would stand as it is at £1. The cost of the three years for the B.A. degree would be £48, instead of £36 as at present. The five years course for the M.B. degree would be raised from £100 16s. to £120, and there would be an advance for the B.E. degree from £72 to £78. The increase in any case would not be very considerable, and the fees would still in every instance be less than those of the Sydney University. They would stand thus:—for B.A., here, £48; there, £71 8s.; for M.B. here, £120; there, £145 19s.; for B.C. here, £78 ; there, £121 16s. It was proposed to increase the fee for a single subject in arts from £3 to £6; to reduce that charge in law and engineering from £15 to £6; and in medicine from £6 6s. to £6. Only in one of six cases has a charge been heretofore made for conferring the higher degrees. The L.L.D.wasthe exception for which £19 was charged ; it was now proposed that the fee henceforth should be £10, and that for M.A., M.C.E., L.L.M., M.S., and M.D., respectively, the same fee should be charged. The result of the contemplated changes would, thus calculated, be an accession to income amounting to about £30G0. In some cases the recommendations were adopted, in others modified ; but as the amendments made are not important, and the work of revision has not gone very far, we shall only on this occasion bring the original scheme undernotice. It is not at all unlikely that in some quarters there will be an outcry against the proposed increase of fees,but no objections could be considered reasonable that were not accompanied by practical proposals for balancing the accounts by some other means. The Council are, we believe, in a position to prove that they have not needlessly^incurred an increased expenditure. A good reason can be shown for every step they have taken in that direction. And if that be so, what other course remained to them ? The answer we should expect is—apply to Government and look to Parliament for the necessary funds. But neither Government nor Parliament have heretofore evinced a very generous disposition towards our seat of learn* ing. They have never, without apparent reluctance, complied with the equisitions made to them on its ehalf; they have never without emur increased the grant however pressing the necessity. It has been, s a general rule, a very much easier matter for a country deputation to obtain a grant in aid towards bridge or road making than for the University to secure a few additional pounds under pressing and exceptional circumstances. To meet the circumstances of the case in this instance, an increase of at least £3000 should be made in the yearly grant, and it does not seem to us at all likely that an application to that effect would receive favourable consideration. The most that can be hoped for from Parliament is that it will contribute to the cost of enlarging the University buildings, and to us it seems at least an open question that it should be expected to do more than that for the institution, out of the public funds. If it is not to be made free, its income should cover its ordinary expenditure. The proposal to raise the scale of fees also raises once again a question of public policy on which it may be expected that we shall be edified with suggestions of a most radical character. We confidently anticipate some tall talk about the expediency of making the University " the apex of our educational system," and of opening its doors free to the poor scholar who has developed exceptional talents. Suggestions of the kind are plausible and catching, and seldom fail to gain for their authors the approval of tne thoughtless. But when brought under close examination, it is found that there is nothing in them bat deception. They may be compared to a burnished brass ball on a pinnacle point, which, though it looks exceedingly like gold, is nothing but base metal. The deception consists chiefly in this—that a free University would mean a heavy tax on the whole community that would fall alike on rich and poor, and would be the most felt by the very class from whose ranks there would be few or no aspirants to University honours. The poor scholar in parts of Germany and other places where there is but a nominal charge for entrance to the Universities, is not a creature whose presence here would be any advantage whatever. We should be sorry to see him in the miserable plight of some of his prototypes else where, struggling against desperate competition for light employment, sacrificing his health to an insane ambition that only promised an early grave, struggling to eke out a miserable existence by shifts and contrivances which sapped his manhood, and, perhaps, ending his days in the hospital, the Yarra, orPentridge. To some the free University would be an advantage; to many it would surely prove a curse. In the public interest the safer course is to conduct our University on the lines on which it was founded, and in accordance with the principles now observed, and on which kindred institutions in the parent state are managed. It was a very pretty sentiment indeed that " many a flower is born to blush unseen, &c.;," and we feel quite satisfied that if a search party at considerable trouble and expense first discovered, and then recovered these botanical gems from the desert, their fragrance would for a time delight our senses; but nevertheless we feel persuaded that genius almost invariably asserts itself, and that the world sustains no great loss if, in exceptional instances, talents that rank above mediocrity fail of full development through want of hothouse cultivation. Consistently with the sound system of balancing the expenditure by an income raised by ordinary and legitimate means, it is desirable that the cost of a University course should be as low as it can be made; but it certainly is not expedient, nor would it be just, that it should be further reduced at the expense of the general body of taxpayers. ^Jnder these circumstances we cannot but approve of the means by which, it is proposed to make " the two ends meet," though it seems to us that the revision the scheme iB undergoing was much'needed.;' OUB proposal that an Irish- Australian Convention should be held in Sydney aa early Bfl may be in 1887 U " cordially " endorsed by our Sydney contemporary, the Exprut. IT wUl be seen from oar advertising columns that John Kelly, late of Ke well West, in requested to oommnnieate with his brother, J. B. Kelly. " TEE Cabinet at a Bitting this week had • draft copy of the Local Government Act Amendment Bill under consideration. The Government propose to deal with the long standing closed roads question in the measure. AIXUDINO to the appointment of Or. Can, the Sydney Daily Telegraph Bays:—" It is no secret that Dr. Can's appointment is regarded with great satisfaction by Cardinal Moran and the prinoipal Roman Oatholie bishopB of the colonies, to nearly all of whom the new archbishop is personally known." And saoh of oar Catholio contemporaries in the other colonies as have already oome to hand comment on the appointment in similar terms. AI/THOUGH we publish a fonr-pape supplement this week, containing magnifloent speeches by Mr. Gladstone and Ur. Parnell, we have still found ourselves cramped for room, the consequence being that we have been reluctantly obliged to curtail some of our reports, and hold over much interesting mail news till next week. TEE Litany of the Blessed Virgin, whioh, since the death of the late Arohbishop, has been recited after Mass in the archdiocese as a prayer for the enlightenment of the Holy Ghost in the appointment of a successor, has been discontinued from the date on whioh the Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatriok, the Administrator, received offioial confirmation of the appointment of Dr. Carr. The prevailing feeling is that the prayer availed, and that the petition has been granted. AMONG the appointments recently made by the Holy Father is that of the Very Rev. James M'Donald, V.G., as Prefeot- ApostoBe of the Native Mission in the Dioceae of Aucbland, New Zealand. The rev. gentleman has been for some thirty-five years connected with the native missions in New Zealand, and his qualifications for the position to whioh he has been promoted are considered to be of the highest order. He speaks the Maori language with the fluency of a native, and he is beloved and implicitly trusted in all things by the race over whose destinies, spiritual and temporal, he will surely ezeroise a great influence of a beneficent oharaoter. 