HOW POMPEII WAS BURIED ,\\-BuUfor L-'tfon's cle,scriptin,v of thn'deHfcru^tion of Pompeii will, givo a vivid idea of the Terawera. disa-ter: — ' TheVrowrl beheld, with iheffablo dismay, a va^t. vapour *ho,^ting from the summit of Vnnnviu-», in the' form, of ii eigantic pine-treo ; .tho trunk, hJacknessH-. j ; iuo tirancn-'S. nre: — a nre cnat snn-pu anu : ;in its hues with evorv moment, now fiorcely !umihbn«, now of a dull nnd dying red, that again blazed terrify callv forth with intolerable glare !. Thf-* thoro aroso on hii»h tho -universal ihrie^s hi Mn-n oj'hj-»ther, hut wero dumb.. At t!; ;L ui^mont they^'folt ;the; earth shako heneitb' thoir feet; tho walls, of , the theatre trembled; and, beyond in tho iistiincoi ttioy hoard tho crash of falling roofs; an insrant moro and tho mountain cloud soomed to roll towards thom, dark and ra^id, likea torrent;at tho samo limo, it cast forih from' its bosom a shower of nshos mixod wilh vast fragmonis of burning srono! Ovor \ ho crushing vinos— fovor tho dosolato s;reots^7 ovor th'o am^hitheauro i' self— far' and wide — w-'uh many amigluy, splash in tho agitotod.sea — fell that awful showor! ? * ? . : Amidst the other' horrors, tho mighty mountains now cast up.columns of boiling water. Blontl.and knoaded with t.ho half burning ashes, tho streams foil ? liko oeoching mud ovor tho streets in irequent inter-, vals. And full, whoro i'Iio .priosts of; IsiB had now cowerod around ho^bara, on wlinch iney had'vainjy sought to kindle firo* and pour, inconao, ono of Iho ifiorcoat of thoso doadly locronts, ra-nglod with im Iroonso fragments of scoiia-: had poured itsragei Over, (tho bonded forms of tho priosts - it, dashod; t-hat cry had boen of death— that silonco had beon ofolorujty ! jTho aslioa— 7'i.ho pitchy stream— sprinkled 'tho altars, covered . Vho navenioni;, and halCfconcealod tho quiver ing-corpses of tho priest,^ ! f . ! ^Mo'finwh'lp; *. he.stroers |woro. already tliinnod; : tho 'crowd had hastened to disperso i.solf under sholrer; )ho ashes began 10 fill up iho lowor parts of the, - own; bu^, hero and vho-e, you heard th'o'. steps ' of 'fug?::ivos 'cranchiug rhem warily, or saw their palo .and. hag gard facos by Jho bluo glare of.^lho . lightning, or'l.ho moro unsteady glaro of vorchesj by which tlioy ondoa yored to si.eer.i.hoir's'uopsi- :? But ovor .and anon, ».ho: ?boiling wafer, or fho straggling ashos, mysterious and. gus'y winds, rising and dyingin abrMti-:, ext inguished' V.hoso w-mderMig ligh-s, and.with'thcm tho last living ' hope of thoso' who boro them. ? ? ? Tbo cloud, which had scaitored sodoepamurkiooss ovor tho davj.had nov? seulod into asol'd and impone- ; trablo mass*. It rosomblod loss ovon tho .thickoat gloom ofia night'in iho opon air than rho closo :and blind darkness of somo narrow room. But in propor-j ; tion as tho blackness garherei', did tho lightn'ngs around Vosuvius ircroaso in fhoir'viv^d and scorching' glaro. Nor wft3j.he'r horrible4 b6auiies 'confined to tho usual hues of. fire;, po rainbow. ever rivalled thoir. varving.aud prodigal dyos. Now brighily bluo as tbo most azure depth of a sour.horu sky—now of a livid and snakeiike green/ daring restlesslyjto and 'fro.' as - the *olds of an onormous serpoot — now of.a.lur'd and i'nrolorablo crimbon.^ushing forth through' tho columns of smokoi far and ' wide,' and lighting' up 'thb ' wholo c:ty from arch to arch— then suddenly dyiug into' a sickly 'paleness, liko the ghost of rhe'r'own lifo ! ? J.n tho pauses of tlio showers, you hoard tho rumb ling of the earrh beoeit:J, and tho groaning wavos of tho toronred soa; or, lower still, land audible but to tho wa'.ch of imonsost fear, iho grinding and - hissing murmur of tho escaping gassos through tho chasms of tho disvant mount-iin. Sometimes t.ho cloud appeared to break from i*vs sofid mass, and. by tho lighlning, ro , assumbqiiiinc arid ,rast mimicrios .of human mon s''or shapos, sirlding across tho gloom, hurling ono upon tho o hor, and vanishing swiftly into the turbu lent abyss of shade; to, that, to the eyes and fancies of tho affrighted wanderers, . tho unsubs-;an.ial vapours wero as tho bodily forms of gigan'Jc foo's— :ho agents of terror and of dearh. ! Tho ashos in many placos wore alroady knee-doop; and tho boiling showors which:camo from the steam ing bro th of the volcano forced nhoir way into tho houses, boaring with thorn a .sr.rong and suffocatjng vapour. In' somo placos imraenso fragments of rock, hurled upon the hou^o roofs, boro down along r.ho s roots masses of confused ruin, which yet moro and moro. with overy hour, obstructed the way; and, as the day advanced, fchb motion of ' he oarth was moro sons'blv folt* — he fooc»ng seemed to slide, and creep — nor could char/ot or l(fcer bp kept stoady, oven . .on tho most lovol ground. ? Somo-imos the hugor stones, striking against oach otho? as thoy fell, broke inuo conn- less fragments', emitting sparks of fire, which' caught whatevor w is combus'ibie within thoir reach ; and along.the plains bovoiiid tho; cii v tho darkness was no\vv t1or,»;tbly ro liovod; for several houses, and even vinfyariU, had been sot on flames; aod at various i .torvals tho firos rose suddenly andlier^elv against iho solid gloom. To add to - his pa.* :al relief ???of the' darkness, the citizens had, horoand thoro, iu.Uie more public placos. such as tuo po.'t'^oos of ? remplos and the ontr.mcos to iho i'orum, ent'eavored to pbicorows of torches; but vhc9e ra.'elv coo';iiued long,' tho showers and tho winds ox t:ngii'shed the.n. and - ho suddon darkness ?nto which their sudden bit -h was convor;od had something, in it doubly im'pres-ing on the imporlacco pf human hopes tho lossoa of 4ospau*,^ ?: , Frequently, by .ho momentary lightofthose torches parties of iugi''ives encoun'erod' each 'o- her, ^omo' hurry *;ug vo^ards the son, o- hers flying', from the sea back to » ho land, for (ho ocoan had rer.roa^ad rapidly from {.ho8hord'-:-an u»'ter 'darkuo3s lav over 'it, and upon its groaning and tossing waves tho storm of cindors and rock'fell without the protection which rho greet s and roofs affordod to vho land. : Wild, haggard ghast ly, ^vitk supernatural fea's, ihpso grojps'encoun-. rorod each o' her. but without fc'ho'lois'uro to syeak, to* consult to adv;se; for the showers fell now frequently though not convinvously,* exl;Ingu5shing .th* .lights, wh'ch' showed to o wh band. tho deathlike faces of the ouher, and - hurrying aU. to.'seek 'refugo beneath -. the nearest shoiior. , The who! e elements of. , civilization . wero brokon'up.' ' Ever and an6n, by tho flickering' lights, you saw tho thief hastening byth^ most solemn authorities , of tho law, laden with, and fearfully chuckling over, the produco of hi j sudden gains. ?' Jf, in rhe d irkuoss, wife was separated from husband, op j parent. from child, vain was the hopo of reunion.^ Each, lihnrriflfi bHndlv and confusedly on. ' Nothini? iu all tho . various and complicated, machinery of social lito was left save tho primal law of self-proservation ! Oue of i.he two gigantic crosts, into. which the sum mit had beenjivfded, wclced; and.. waved to and fro; land then, with a sound, the' mightiness of which no language can describe, it fell. from, irs burning base, an avalanche of firo, down t-hb sidb^ of thplmountain ! At tho same instant gushed' fortli a Volume of Wack iest smoke— rollingon,:over air, soii, and earth. 