THE GENERAL RACING. The opening event of the meeting, the Melbourne Stakes, brought together 10 out of the 18 coloured on the card. Isonomy, on his Caulfield and Mooney Valley running, was installed first favourite, opening at 100 to 30 and finally closing at 2 to 1 Sheet Anchor and Crossfire both had strong supporters at 4 and 5 to 1 respectively, and some of the others were not altogether friendless. When Mr Watson despatched them the favourite and Boolka rushed to the front, Industry getting away third, and the others on pretty even terms Isonomy and Boolka carried on the running at a fair pace to the back of the course, where Lord William was brought through his horses to the leaders. The New South Wales filly Crossfire occupied a prominent place when nearing the scraping sheds, but immediately afterwards died away and tell back to Grace Darling, who was run ning unkindly, and acting as whipped m for the greater part of the journey). Industry followed suit soon after Lord William contested the pride of place with Isonomy and and Boolka, and for a short part of the journey with success, and Sheet Anchor, who was among the leading division before enter- ing the straight, raised the hopes of his friends, but the weight told when the struggle came, and last year's Melbourne Cup winner died away to nothing. fairly into the straight, Boolka on the rails and Isonomy from the centre, drew away from the others and fought it out stride for stride. Inside the distance Quinn had to use his whip on the favourite, but he failed to respond, and had Boolka been on the outside there is every probability that he would have just got his head home in front The finish was so close that the judge could not separate them in the run oil after the Coburg Stakes, the Adelaide horse was freely backed at 6 to 4 on, and when they were fairly racing in the straight the result was never in doubt Isonomy came away in the last 50 yards and won with ease. A dozen out of the 32 went to the post for the Hotham Handicap, the absentees including Silvermine, Ben Bolt, Britisher, Little John, and other. Hexham was installed the public choice, Claptrap carried a large amount of stable money, and several of the others were backed freely. Salvo cut out the running as soon as they were fairly going, with the favourite always occupying a good position After passing the bridge First Prince, who was last at the time, tripped and fell, Sanders, fortunately, escaping with a shaking Claptrap was in a good position among the second division to the home turn, where he was taken up to Lord William, Hexham, and Salvo At this point the last named, who had been prominent from the start, was galloped on by one of the others, and stopping suddenly dropped back to the rear division. In the straight Claptrap came through as if by magic, and, before it could be realised, was leading the field by two clear lengths Hexham made a game struggle, but was unable to reach Claptrap, who won with something in band Eighteen out of the 19 faced the starter for the Maribyrnong Plate Speculation was distributed among Lava 4 to 1, Perhaps 5 to 1, Mistletoe 0 to 1, and Hortense Aberdeen, Huntingtower, and Paper ance at longer prices With the excep- tionAf Esperance, who was a bit fractious, the youngsters gave very little trouble, and were despatched to a splendid start Bedouin and Perhaps were quickest away, and when fairly settled down to work were a length in advance of ever) thine Before they had reached the tan, Esperance, who was in a good position, bolted off the course, destroying the New South Wales Governors chance of winning the great two year old event of the year Huntingtower was first over the tan crossing with Bedouin and Perhaps next, the favourite, hopelessly beaten from the stare, struggling on at the head of the second division The South Australian bred filly, going as strong as a lion, commenced at the straight to move through the gap, and gradually overhauling the leaders, was at the head of allans before the carriage paddock was reached Another 50 yards, and the race was over so far as the winner was concerned Huntingtower made a game attempt to reach her, but Hortense won easily by a length, the favourite being two lengths behind Bedouin, The winner, who is by Gang Forward Josephine, was loudly cheered when she came back to scale, and she deserved the plaudits. The time this year was three seconds longer than that of last ¡ ear The heavy scratching in the Selling Race reduced the field to eight, and the Ghost was thought such a good thing that he left the paddock at 5 to 4 on him, though at the opening the betting was the other way. together with Huron he was among the first away, but after a few strides Stafford was indulged with the lead After half the distance had been covered the held spread over 20 lengths Rounding the home turn The Ghost, who had been lying third was brought up to Stafford, and after disposing of him was set the task of cutting down Huron The effort did not succeed, however, and the Ballarat horse had the favourite beaten at the distance, winning hard held At the sale which followed Huron cost his owner 230 sovs for the privilege of keeping him, and as he was entered to be sold for at the clubs exchequer is increased by that amount The last race of the day produced 19 starters The Nun was chosen to carry the confidence and the bulk of the money of the public William Tell led his horses along at a strong pace from the jump, and cut out the running for the greater part of the distance At the sheds Pocahontas had a short lead, and at this point the favourite made an effort to get through She was disappointed, however, and though Piddes tried to come round on the outside, the fall) was never closer to the leaders than fourth Just after entering the straight the outsider, On) Star, came very (ill from the centre, and obtain nig a position next the rails, the Gippsland colt eventually won on the post by a head from St John Hogmanay was third three quarters of a length and) the following are the details of the racing - VniBOUHXFSTAIcns, Of 5 sons each, with 300 added, second TO sovs W diJit for age One mile and a quarter Mr M Locke's b o Isonomy), by Winterlake Ruby, 4yrs DsL (Quinn) 11 Mr S Miller s br h Boolka aged, 9st 4lb. (Olds) . U Mr W L lloyds bo Bravo, s yrs, 7st 3lb (Gal lather) .... 3 Mr M Loughlin's br h Sheet Anchor, aged, 9st Jib (Colley) 0 Mr J O Held s ch m Grace Darling, 0 yrs, 8st 10lb (Williams) _. 0 Mr E. Eagers bri Industry) 4 yrs 8st. 8lb. (Kelso) O SlrVV J Clarke's br- Menotti, 3yrs, 7st. 111. (O Brien) 0 Mr W Duggan ns ch of Lord William, 3 yrs, 7st 11lb (Vernier) 0 Hon J VV into s b f Tamarisk 3 yrs 7st 8lb., carried -at jib (Hales) 0 Hon V A Long's br t Crossfire s vi 7st 8lb. (Bence) 0 Baring -2 to 1 (at first 100 to 30) agst Isonomy 4 to 1 agst Sheet Anchor 5 to 1 atrst Crossfire 8 to 1 agst Bravo, 10 to 1 agst Boolka, Industry), and Lord William A little time was lost at the post, owing to Industry break Ing a way) When the flag went down the field was despatched on fairly even terms. Isonomy) and Boolka were on the rails and Sheet Anchor and Mcnottl on the extreme outside VV been fairly going the colours of the two first-named were most pro to meet I dustr) a length behind and the rest in a cluster Running along by the river side the order was Isonomy at d Boolka togEther half area gth in advance of Lord William Tamarisk Crossfire and Sheet Anchor were in the coal are said Grace Darling was last several lengths astern At the bridge when the cloud of dust cleared Lord William had run up to the leader, and Crossfire an 1 Bravo had improved the r positions Industry) came back to Grace Davie ing and from this point both were out of the race Running In the abattoirs Lord William still had his head in front of CrOBsUro Iso nomy and Boolka headed the second division Sheet Anchor and Bravo on their arms were next and then came Met and Tamarisk Industry) and Grace Darling At the sheds -sheet Anchor moved upon the outside and went up to the leader- Hero Crossfire died away and dropped back suddenly to the last position As the straight was entered Lord William had a slight advantage with select An ebor next Bravo coming strongly on the outside third Isonomy and Boolka together next and the rest several lengths away Before they had gone another hundred yards Quinn moved on the favourite and Boolka also answering a call both passed the leaders in a few strides. At the distance Boolka had a half length advantage. Quinn shook his whip at Isonomy and the pair were on even terms stride for stride they came on and passed the post so close together that the Judge was sent) to to separate them Then came Bravo three Ion ths n*a),Lord William Monotti industry) Crossfire, Grace Darling and Tamarisk last time "in III Final Heat_Bet-ink-0 to 4 on Isonomy) A ding dong race ensued until they entered the straight where Isonomy had a length advantage. Inside the distance the Adelaide horse came away and won as he liked by four lengths in 22. 10 s COTHAM HAt DEAr, Of 6 8019 each, 1 11, withSOOaddeâ second70sois and third 20 Sovs One mile and a boat and a distance. Mr J Whittington! s b h Claptrap byThnWhlf lier Talkative, aged "st (Bantam) 1 Hon J V, bite s ch c Hexham 4 yrs 7st (Under) 2 Mr 3 It. Smith's b g Lancer, 0 vii, "st 10lb (Smith) S Mr J W Wilson's (Jua ) bro- Ringmaster 4 yrs 8st, (Moore) 0 Mr W _orrestcrsbhSilverMng, 6 yrs, 7st, 7lb (Gough) 0 Mr M O Shanassy a bro- First Prince 4 yrs 7st 2lb (Saunders) 0 Mr 0 Barnet s br m Lesbia aged, 7st 2lb (Itedfcarn) 0 Mr S G Cook 9 ch o Remus, 4 yrs, 7st, carried 7st lib (Brown) 0 Mr T Bennison oh h Salvo, 6 yrs 6st life (Gorr)) 0 Mr A Hyman s b g Genoa aged 9st 10lb (Cox) 0 Mr W E. Dakin a bo The Pencil, 4 iron 9st 8lb (Cracknell) 0 Sir W J Clarke s bro Fish of Silver, 4 yrs 9st. 7lb, (carried 6st, 8lb (Johnson) 0 settings to 1 agst Hexham 5 to agst clap trap 0 to 1 agst Lancer The Pencil and First Prince 8 to 1 agst Lesbia 10 to 1 aged Sale of and Remus. 1\. First Prince Salvo and Genoa had the inside running and Remus and Hexham the outside Genoa was the first to make play) but as they passed the stand the order was Salvo Hexham, Saucer Qenoe Fish O Silver Lesbia Ringmaster First Prince and Claptrap last Rounding the turn Salvo carried the field along at a medium pace, the others maintaining about the same order, except that Grace had dropped back to last but one Moxham was at the head of the first division at the br see a length in front of salvo Silver King who had been running fourth came back to the rearmost horses sndLcsbaat 1 Clap Trap moved up to third and fourth places, soon after First Prince tripped and fell Alice ; the back the four were together almost in a line followed by Ketnus Lancer Fish of sail or churches! said the master last As they approached the abattoirs Lesbia ran into first place and Hay has slightly improved his position Hexham came again an I was first into the straight, half a length ser art silk the favourite from Salvo and Lesbia who were on the outside What fairly into the straight Out trap can from the ruck with a tremendous rush and passed the others one after the other as if they were standing c Taking the inside running hadrcwawa) from the field and won with comparative case by two lengths Salvo was galloped on to be something a id dropped suddenly to the rear Hexham SOLO id half a length in front of Lancer, who was followed 1 by THE 1 curl Silver King Head-master Salvo Qeilot Lesbia Beams and lah of rain or lost 3 Time 2 it 6d THE MAltmritNONO LATE, Of 30 Sovs each with 1 000 added For two year olds second, 700 800. and third SOO Sovs. Five furlongs Mr C. L. Macdonald s br f Hortense, by Gang Forward. Josephine (including 10lb penalty), Oil 616 (Campbell) 1 Mr D Cooper's bro- Huntingtower by Darebin -Athollno Hat 10lb (kelso) 2 Hon W Pearson's bro- Bedouin, by Darriwell -Black Gipsy 9st. 10lb. (tower) S Mr A harveys b or br- Matamua by Darri well milly Faithful 8st 10lb (Huches) 0 Mr fr tozer s b of Essex by sussex- Little Lady 8st 10lb (SI Grath) 0 Mr R Mitchelson s bro- Escutcheon, by Musket -Rosette 8st 10lb (0 Brien) 0 Mr J Unîmes s bro- Albert Loddon by Rapidity \--Leonie 8st 10lb (Brown) 0 Mr T Coffey's by a Jebusito, by Darriwell.-? Tyropcat 8st. 10lb (Williamson) 0 Mr S. Gardiner's br Loyalist by The Marquis -Loved Peeress Sat 10lb (Walker) 0 Hon J White a b of Aberdeen, by Chester Goldfinch 8st 10lb (Miss) 0 Mr J H Hills b Perhaps by Gang Forward -Peradventure 8st 5lb (Guinn) 0 Mr J D Robertson a b f Mistletoe by Bos worth Star of Love 8st 5lb (Flddea) 0 Mr S *_. Douglass s b I Fancy Free by Muskets Fancy 8st 5lb (Williams) 0 Hon W A Long's b g Eckersley), by Marlbyr nong Jessamine Sat Gib (Colac)) 0 Lord Carrington a br t Esperance, by Grand I-ianour-lair Alice at 616 (Whithu.) 0 Hon J White's br Lava, by Chester Etna, Sat 3lb (Hales) 0 Mr F) Cooper a br f Oceana by St Albans Idalia 8st 5lb. (M Grade) 0 Mr W O Cooper's b f Miranda, by Maribyr- nong-Sawn 8st 5lb (Robertson) 0 Betting -4 to 1 agst Lava 6 to agst Perhaps 0 to 1 agst Mistletoe 18 to 2 agst Hortense 10 to 1 agst Aberdeen and Huntingtower, 12 to 1 agst Jespo range A8thel8)oungstcradrow up to the Uno Hunting tower Miranda Esperance and Royalist were ranged in this order on the inside rails Albert, Loddon Bedouin Essex Lava and Peri aps In the centre and Jobusitc on the extreme outside. A magnificent start was effected of which Bedouin and Perhaps had the best the first to cross the tan was Hunting, tower with Perhaps Bedouin Albert Lo don Mistletoe and Aberdeen in close order Esperance who had been running unkind.) bolte 1 in theatres tion of the sheds and was out of it When they had reached the straight Bedouin headed the field with Perhaps next him Oceana third and the Adelaide filly Hortense coming very fast fourth The remainder of the field had already begun to fall off. At the distance Oceana had reached Bedouin and Hortense was only a half length behind the two Before they had reached the end of the lawn was second Bedouin third half a length behind Lava fourth Aberdeen fifth followed by Eckersley Oceana Perhaps Mistletoe and Esse. last Time Inc'" WINNERS OF THE MARIBYRNONG PLATE. year 1871 18 2 1873 1874 1" 6 1876 1877 18 S lb 0 1880. 1881 1882 1883 1884 last 18.0 Own Mr J Thompson Mr J Wilson Dr Bathe Mr J Wilson Messrs. C inside birH Robinson Mr De Mestre -v. Leo Hon J White Mr J Wagner Mr J Hart Hon J White Hon E K Cox Hon J White Mr J H Hill Hon J White Mr C L Macdonald Winner Argus Scandal Dagmar -Stockbridge Maid of All Work Newminster Habana V clean Nellie Palmyra IWolcoitto Jack ) tLavntla ) Segenhoe Narina Iolanthe Newstead A onto Hortense b Time iii * 1 private watches mandoline 65. T A dead heat , 1 private watches made It lm 4s. SELLING RACE., Of 3 50 3. each, with her and veil Weight for age Seven furlongs Mr R. HowioabroHuron by I owe hatton May fly, (nil) 6yrs 7st 7lb Howie 1 Mr J G Held a cb g The Ghost (nil) aged, 7st 5lb (Gorry) 2 Mr R. K Maitland ah or br g stafford (nil) aged -st 5lb (Fiddes) 8 Mr W A Hlkato8ChhThoBarou(nll) 6yrs at 10lb (Eng) 0 Mr J! Oxenham a b g Ellington (nil) aged, 7st rib (Harris) 0 Mr A. Davies a ch g Louis (nil), 5 yrs, 7st 5lb (Class) ) 0 Mr S Nathan 3 slim Straight Shot (nil) 6yrs, 7st (Page) Betting. -6 to 4 on (at drat 6 to 4 agst) The Ghost 7 to anst Stafford 0 to 1 agst Straight Shot 8 to 1 nest Huron The Ghost uni Huron were first away) but after going a few str des Stafford supplanted them The three had for their la Flute attendants Baron Re) steer an 1 Louis 1th Straight Shot and Lamington last It the attic story Stafford an I Huron were two lengths in front of The Ghost and the others maintains about the same v positions At the half mile post Huron and Stafford were three let with < rear of the field The Ghost beaded Baron 1) al tgth aid the rest were spread over the field Elliot's t still a lot j, va) b I had buter up the straight Huron was in front of an 1 coming, on full of running won hard held by a length and a-quarter from The Ghost beating Stafford for second place by) two Iel -the and a half then came Straight Shot Lllineton Louis Baron and Ko) sterer last Time 1m 9s TI o v no car was bought in for 2.0 above. COBURG STAKES, Of 5 sons each with "60 added second, 60 Sovs One mile an 1 a furlong Mr C Davis's be Daystar 3 yrs by Mercury Grace Darling 8st 3lb (W Williams) Mr 1 Colter a br h St John, 6 yrs, at 121 (WA Alliance ) 2 Mrs Martina b g Hogmanay need at 51, (Robertson) 3 Mr S Miller's ch h William Toll, 0)rs,»-,t 616 (Olds) 0 Mr R Donovan's b or br- Dunlop 4yrs Ost (bankers) Q Mr E W Lilla s ch h Lord W Ilton 0 ) re 8st 8lb (Can pi oil) 0 Mr M Love of St. Satyr 6yrs 8st 4lb (stage) of Vic It Orr's is of Recall 4 yrs 8st "lb (lower) u Mr C Wilson's b m Gardenia, need 7st 12th (O Brien) 0 Mr J D Robertson of The Sun 3 yrs "7st 4 lb (Had a) 0 "only a, AM. 191,8 ch '" Pocahontas aged 7st 1011 (Hutchens) Q S?,'? V, of Lords'!" of h Tim Agent oked 7st 8lb (I- Bence) 3 Mr C Collin's ch o Ivcwtnastor 3 yrs 7st 8lb (Trahan) 0 Mr J G Held a bor br f Grades) 3 yrs, 7st 5lb (Qonv) 0 Mr A Halinbourg cho Albanus, i via, Tat 8lb (Cox) 0 Mr T Rennison a b g Moroney, aged 7st 5lb (Ramage) of to Hon J: Eales' br g Myall King, 4 m, it has. Messrs __thew8*¿nd Son's br h Godlike, 5 ya, A Wise A bro Thoresby. 3 yrs, 6st 5lb. (M'Donald) .... .-. ".:. Mr. - Gardiner's br t Rosary, 3 years, 6st 8lb. S-Ä.-5 f-s"(atfl'rst6toWt Th/NU'-rsto 1 agst it John. 0 to 1 agst Hogmanay and Ö"'-"^»* 8 to lost Gardenia and Myall King, 10 to 1 agst Maroney, and 25 to 1 agst Daystor. _,",,"_ The fog (was to a straggling start of which W Miora Toll, on the rails and Daystar had several lengths the best These were followed by Newminster, Marone), Gardenia, and The him, and the other together in a cluster Along the back William Tell was still leading by two lengths, Daystar and Pocahontas together second: then came Newminster, Maroney, The Nun, and St John. During the abattoirs and to the sheds the positions were about the same, with the exception that recent months had drawn closer to William Tell, then came Maroney, four lengths away. Newminster and The Arm a length behind Maroney Along the bond Pocahontas for a moment had his head in one of William Tell, and Maroney, Daystar, and views coaster drew on. The Nun headed the second division, of which Recall, Gardenia, lit John, and Hogmanay were most. prominent, Satyr bringing up the rear many lengths away. Entering me straight Pocahontas dropped book, and Davstat moved to William Tell. These were followed by Maroney, The Nun, St. John, Hogmanay, and New master. Inside the distance Day star passed to liam Tell and St. John, and Hogmanay, on the outside, came through with a great rush. Then I light weight maintained his load, and beat St John cleverly by a head, three-quarters of a length separating William Tell and Hogmanay. The favourite was fifth, Lord Wilton sixth, followed home by) Newmaster, The Agent, He say), Recall, Gadfly, in the order named, with Sat) r last Time, 1m 671. 