NEEDLES: Short, Sharp, Shiny. Palmer scored 48. A conspiracy case. Salisbury sent for. Welcome, Sir Henry Loch. Willowie men doing good work, The Australiana badly beaten. Damaging evidence for Dilke. France sympathising with Russia. Gladstone will sit for Midlothian. "Acis and Galatea" a great success. Can England beat us at Home Rule? Men at work in the Willowie Forest, Unlucky Tasmania with her railways. The Military Band shut the House up. Another railway accident in Tasmania. Everybody admires our permanent force. Two English cricket teams for Australia. "Acis and Galatea" ought to be repeated. Will Ebby make another speech on Monday? Additional diamond drills are to be bought. The Queen has accepted Gladstone's resigna- tion. All England won by an innings and 108 runs. Mr. Basedow wants us to join the Postal Union. Dr. Rees entertained Messrs, Bucknall and Harvey. England beaten us at cricket and rifle- shooting. The mother beats her chicks at rifle- shooting. Port Adelaide Dock Company paying 2s. 6d. per share. Dr. Grace won't come to Australia. And it's little loss. Ebby's policy to be discussed in the Town Hall on Monday. P. B. Coglin wants deep drainage at Brompton Park. A runaway cab nearly spoilt Sir Henry Loch's reception. The Duke of Cambridge has inspected the colonial riflemen. Why don't the Military Band play "God Save the Queen?" The Pekina Creek reservoir will contain 50,000,000 gallons. Australian riflemen third in the contest for the Kolapore Cup. Mr. Bews.naughtily asked Mr. Coglin where Brompton Park is? Sixty nominations for the Adelaide Grand Sheffield Handicap. One hundred more men gone to the Strang- ways Springs railway. The best public school superintendent in West Virginia is a blind man. Our men firing at Port Adelaide beat the English.at Wimbledon. Mr. Rounsevell thinks one Commissioner of Audit ought to be wiped out. The House seemed to know a lot about insolvency matters yesterday. The Colonial riflemen have been entertained by the National Rifle Association. English claims on the Commercial Bank ex- pected to come in on September 1. Three thousand teachers of elocution ply their vocation in the United States. The St. John's Ambulance Practice Club will be fairly started on its way to- night. The Commercial Bank will pay its creditors 12s. 6d. in the pound when the judges approve. Mr. Symon does not want the salaries of the judges or commissioners of audit interfered with. An interesting bore at Cold and Wet. How can a bore be interesting, especially in cold and wet? The steel rails manufactured in Chicago are equal to about one-half the total rail product of Great Britain. Somebody suggests that the people who throng the speaker's gallery day after day are the ghosts of deceased jurors. The death is announced of the widow of Louis Riel, the leader of the insurrection among the half-breeds in the north-west of Canada. The greatest depths in the Pacific are to south and east of Japan, where there are abysses of over five miles; in the Atlantic the greatest depth is to the north of the Virgin Islands, where there is a depression of a little over four miles. Excavations around the great sphinx of Ghizeh in Egypt are progressing satisfactorily. The face, raised above the surface, is becoming expressive, in spite of loss of nose. The ex- pression is serene and calm. The breast has been a good deal injured, but the paws are almost intact. The most unique specimens of dance pro- grammes were seen at a grand Polish ball in Austria. , All the ladies received exquisite little fans of ivory and silk, emblazoned with the white eagle of Poland in silver, and painted with a pretty picture of a Galacian wedding by a Polish artist. Several Russian explorations to Central Asia are sanctioned for the coming summer. Among others Messrs. Ignatieff and Krasnow are to explore the Khan Tegri Mountains, which are little known. The Khan Tegri Mountains are at the western end of the Tian Shan, and are full of glaciers. Some Germans in the fatherland have issued an appeal to Germans beyond the seas for a universal German Congress, to be held in Berlin on 13th, 14th, 15th and 16th September next, at which the promotion of the intellec- tual and economical interests of the nation are to be discussed. The humble dandelion is the fashionable flower in Paris. Tufts of dandelion, looking as if they had just been rooted up from the field, ornament the belle's tulle bonnet, the dandy's buttonhole, and the horses' heads, while one or two stray flowers peep out of the groom's waistcoat. The output of coal in France in the second half of last year was 10,157,630 tons. This total presents an increase of 780,919 tons as compared with the output in the first half of 1885\. The production of coal in France for the whole of 1885 was 10,534,841 tons, as com- pared with 20,023,514 tons in 1884. The great reforms in modern international law, due especially to the spirit of Christianity, begun in great part with the eminent Dutch publicist, Grotius, early in the seventeenth century. He taught humanity towards women, clerks, farmers, merchants, and to all in battle who cried quarter or offered to yield. The Holloway College at Egham, built at a cost of half a million of money, opened on 30th June, but will not be ready to receive pupils until October. Mr. Martin Holloway, who has carried out the intentions of his brother with such admirable taste, is to receive a baronetcy in honor of the occasion. Elecricity has been employed to cut coal in some of the mines in Illinois. The cutting is described as done by a chisel at the end of a steel bar, fastened to a piston of soft iron in the middle of a cylindrical coil of insulated wire, and the desired reciprocating motion is given to the rod by reversing the current in the coils. The Canadian Minister of Marine, has in- structed the commanders of the Government vessels engaged in watching the fisheries to be courteous but firm in the discharge of their duties, and to keep the department fully advised upon all matters likely to lead to disputes between Canada and the United States. It is proposed to award the Founders' Medal of the Royal Geographical Society of England to Leiut. Greely, the leader of the late Arctic expedition, and the Royal Medal to Cavaliere Guido de Cora, Professor of Geography at the University of Turin and founder and conductor of the geographical journal known as the Cosmos. It is said that English doctors are going back to the old rule of consulting women patients only in the presence of a witness. Some of the most respectable of them have been victimised by blackmailers, others have suffered severely in reputation through ill-founded charges brought by hysterical females. The Duke of Sutherland has shocked Lon- don society by appearing at a wedding break- fast in a tweed suit and colored shirt, accom- panied by a woman who wore "a black velvet dress with a huge garland of pink roses and white lace, twined from shoulder to waist, and on her head a little white feather and a pink rose for a bonnet." The Marquis of Salisbury owns the notorious Seven Dials region in London. Like the other titled landlords of London, he persistently refuses to sell any part, and relets on ground rents. These leases are falling in, and the ad- vances are expected to equal 500 per cent. No public improvements are possible unless the property is confiscated. Devizes Castle, which was originally built by Roger Bishop of Salisbury, in the reign of Henry I., and was reputed the most formidable fortress in England, is to be sold shortly. The remains of the ancient castle have been care- fully preserved and restored where practicable, and the present residence is a good example of an ancient feudal castle. 