AMUSEMENTS. On Siitnrday, September 11, the Opera House will be tenanted by an eutiroly new company, who bring with " them all now nieces. The company is headed by Mr. W. J liohoway and by Miss Essie J eny us, the latter one or the best uutiuaai; ai jicnuuii 111 UIIU uuu 11 uu has received uustiuted prsrite from all who have wituessed her performances. The company includes many names well known to Sydney, amongst others, Mr.Cliarlea Hollowny, MissAhce Dcorwyn, Miss Nita Steele, Mr. Henry Hodsou, and several others, who. will make their first appearance here. Their opeuing piece, "A iLng of Iron," bus gained considerable reputa tion both iu Eogland and America, which has been mllj endorsed by all colonial critics that have seen the piece. The Governor has annouueed his intention to be present at the Gaiety Theatre on Wednesday next, to witness the performance ot 4 Carmen" by Farley's English Opera Company. At the Theatre Royal, The Soggarth" will be repeated this evening. For September 1 1, the management announce the reproduction of the u Mikado." The farcial comedy 44 Pink Dominoes" will be presented at the Opera House this evening, in which Mr. Hurry St. Maur and Mr. Aitrcd Maitby will appear. "Carmen" is having a successful run nt tho Gaiety Theatre, and will be produced again to night and every evening. The drama, 44 The Sins of the City," has hceu received at the Standard Thea'tre by very large audiences, aud will continue, it is expected, tor some time to prove the attrac tion at this house. Ridgway's pavilion of varieties will be opened this evening iu Castlereagh-street between Market and Park streets. Air. Ridgway after a long absence from Australia, will introduce a combination of thirty artistes, when novel ties are promised. The Federal Minstrels and the Raynor Brothers will appear at the Academy of Music as usual this evening. A dramatic entertainment will be given to night at tbe New Masaaic-hnll by the Bohe mians, uuder the auspices of the New South Wales Baseball Association, to the United States Consul, Mr. G. WL Griffin, as a compli ment prior to his 'departure for America. » (Jncle's Will " and the drama 44 Glitter " are the plays which will he. presented. Cottiers' popular concert will be repeated at the Protestant-hall to-night.. Friday evenings arc what may be termed the Shakespearian nights at the Royal Standard Theatre. Last evening 11 Hamio't " was repre sented by Mr. Datnpier and his company. The house was crowded in every part, aud, the greut play was thoroughly enjoyed. Mr. Dampicr's performance of the Priuco was artistic, aud in very many respects powerful. Miss Kate Russell's Ophelia was mast commendable, and Mr. Holloway's Ghost, and Mr. Stoneham's King were both able impersonations. Mr. Leston made a humorous gravedigger. The tragedy was well mounted. 