JOSEPH COOK'S MONDAY LECTURES. NEW SERIES. No 5.—AGREEMENT AMONG GREAT EVANGELISTS. There are electrical conditions of the air and clouds at sea that sometimes cause every maBt of a ship to be tipped with a globe of fire. These fiameB proceed from one source, the enswathement of the ship and aea and world in a single magnetic current. Usually the electrical influence is not so intense aB to produce visible flames ; but it is present, nevertheless ; the iron fixtures of the ship often emit sparks when touched. Even when the influence is still less intense, it is yet present; for the magnetic needle in its sensitiveness, remains true to the pole, because saturated with the omnipresent magnetic current. At Pentecost the flamesof an omnipresent Divine influence appeared at the tops of the masts. Cloven tongues, like as of fire, Bat upon the heads of the apostles. These all proceeded from one omnipresent source enswathing individuals, nations and ages— the Holy Spirit, which is the Spirit of Christ. But even when the flames do not rise to visibility, the electrical influence is present in Christians who emit sparks when touched. Atthe lowest intensity this influence is present in all men, in the needles of consqieupe, and so unifies all needles and all seas. A U * The evangelist at Pentecost was a man with a visible Divine Fire on his head. He is such yet in some sense ; for, although the Divine influence does not rise to visibility, it does to tangibility. It is yet there ; for the sparks are emitted. Great, holy, terrible is the Divine Fire, whether in flame or spark, for it reveals the Divine Omnipresence. A mere instrumental cause is the channel through which the supernatural current flows. In the magnetic needle, the needle alone is nothing ; the magnetic current is everything. So in religious awakening, the human instrumentality is nothing ; the Divine Presence is everything. It is an historical and scientific fact that of every religious awakening, past and present, we must say with hushed awe, It was He ! It is He ! There is a supernatural factor and a natural factor in revivals, but unless the former dwarfs and overshadows the latter, the former cannot have free course. God is the author of revivals and of revivalists. God only is great. Man nothing, God everything —only in the atmosphere of this watchword can revivals flourish. Only from this point of view can ethical science obtain a true conception of their origin. John Foster said :—" Conscience communicates with something mysteriously great, which is without the soul, and above it and everywhere." This truth is a fact of ethical science, as well as of revelation. Go back to Marcus Aurelius, who was born in the second century after Christ; open the books in which this Pagan emperor of Rome recorded his most devout meditations, and you read these searching words, which I love to keep in sight wherever I am, on land or sea : " If our intellectual part is common to the whole race, understanding is also ; but if this iB so, conscience is also common ; if this is so, there is a common law also ; if this is so, we are fellowcitizens ; if this is so, we are members of one political community ; if this is so, the whole world is in a manner one state."—(Marcus Aurelius, "Thoughts," IV., 4.) Ascending that staircase, you may rise yet higher, and pronounce the entire universe one theocracy, and the inhabitants of all the worlds members of one Commonwealth. My chief propositions are two. 1\. As the study of the habitual action of magnetic needles in all seas and on all lands, in all centuries, reveals the laws of the magnetic current which enswathes the world, so a study of the agreements of the Evangelists, who from century to century have been most approved by their fruits, reveals the common laws of the Spirit of Christ, which enswathes nations and ages. 2\. Ethical Science, strictly so-called, cannot be true to all the facts of conscience and all the facts of history, without adopting as demonstratedly scientific the principles of the Christian Soteriology as to the means of the deliverance of the soul from the love of sin. Endeavouring here, as always, to present religious and scientific truths in their fundamental unity, I am to indicate the method by which a wide induction of details of spiritual experience may obtain some glimpses of both the natural and the supernatural laws of the spiritual world. What are the agreements of the most effective evangelists of all Christian ages ? We know what the disagreements are. Here are Calvinists, and there are Arminians ; here a John; there a Paul, here a Peter, there a James. We have now a Melanchthon, now a Luther; now man poorly educated, except from on high ; now a man equipped in the learning of the schools. God has granted to all these varied agents spiritual efficiency. There is a unity in this variety, and it is from the unity that the efficiency proceeds. Dismissing all consideration of the dissimilarities, concentrate your thoughts on the agreements of those who have been most honoured by their spiritual fruits in the religious awakenings of all ages. I can only give outlines and ask you to meditate upon each specification until it enlarges to a chapter. 1\. The most effective evangelists in all ages agree in being filled with one and the same Divine Fire. 2\. They agree in having obtained this fire by the two greatest means of grace—attention to religious truth, and self-surrender to it. 3\. They agree in the use of these two means as instrumentalities for the renovation of individuals, nations and ages. 4\. They agree in loyalty to all the facts of Scripture and not merely to a fragment of it ; and especially in mental hospitality for awakening and severe truth as well as for the opposite. 5\. They agree in teaching with the power of vital and vivid convictions the necessity of the New Birth. 6\. They agree in teaching with vital and vivid convictions the necessity of the Atonement. 7\. They agree in teaching with vital and vivid convictions the necessity of repentance in this life. 8\. They agree in standards as to the conditions of salvation. 9\. They agree in being men of prayer, understood as including adoration, confession, thanksgiving, petition, and immediate self-surrender to God. 10\. They agree in teaching the universal necessity and efficacy of prayer thuB understood. 11\. They agree in being men of humility, empty of self, and full of a consciousness of God. 12\. They agree in being men of great boldness for the truth, and instant in season and out of season to reprove and rebuke iniquity with all authority. 13\. They agree in preaching largely from their own religious experience. 14\. They agree in making large use of special measures to bring men to an immediate decision to accept God as both Saviour and Lord. 15\. They agree in varying these measures as the Divine Spirit seems to suggest, and in not depending on them, but on God alone, [as revealed in Christ, the Truth and the Holy Spirit. 16\. They agree in David's prayer, "Create in me a clean heart, O God, and renew a right spirit within me. Restore unto me the joyB of Thy salvation, and uphold me with Thy free Spirit. Then will I teach transgressors Thy ways, and sinners shall be converted unto Thee." (Psa. li.) Was not the Holy Spirit given to man before Pentecost 1 Undoubtedly God was God before the commencement of the Christian era, and God was Father, and Son, and Holy Ghost, even before the Incarnation. And yet, of course, the word Son has a new meaning after the Incarnation, and we are told that it was impossible for the Holy Spirit to be given in fulness until Christ had ascended. A distinguished historical lecturer, Dr. Lord, says that it iB a fact of secular history that friendship between man and woman, friendship of a spiritual tone, did not exist in the world until Christianity appeared. Men were not lifted to such a level that such action of their faculties became possible. It is literally true that, except in sporadic instances, what we now call the action of the Holy Spirit upon communities in profound religious awakening was un known to history before the ascension of Christ. Whatever the explanation, it is historically certain that the Holy Ghost came in power to wide circles of men only after Christ ascended. Our theories are not true to the ascertained facts of history if we do not connect the Incarnation with the post-carnate glory of Him who was in the beginning with God and was God ; and connect the forty days with the Ascension, and the Ascension with the gift of the Holy Ghost on the fiftieth day. Mysteries yet unfathomed lie behind the verities of sacred history. Whether we look into the Lutheran or the Wesleyan revivals in the Church, or into recent religious awakenings, we find not only the same biblical spirit, but the same standards as to conditions of salvation. Views have differed, no doubt, as to the explanations of the origin of the new life. But here I hold up the freshest book that has appeared in New Englahd, on the " History of Christian Doctrine," a very admirable outline by Professor Sheldon, of the University yonder on Beacon Hill, a volume reviewed everywhere with great cordiality by experts in Church History. I I find here a statement cited from an article in the Bibliotheca Sacra (July, 1865), which represents the opinions of New England theology as to methods of regeneration : " In regenerating men, God, in some respects, acts directly and immediately on the soul, and in some respects He acts in connection with and by means of the truth. He does not regenerate them by the truth alone, and He does not regenerate them without the truth. His mediate and His immediate influences cannot be distinguished by consciousness, nor can their respective spheres be accurately determined by reason." This is a very mild statement of Calvinism, and it is so mild that Professor Sheldon affirms (" His- tory of Christian Doctrine," Vol. II., p. 370) that the best Methodist teaching agrees with it. The law that total self-surrender to God fills the soul with the Holy Spirit has been exemplified in every age and by every great evangelist. Here is the autobiography of the greatest evangelist of recent time, President Finney. When preaching in this very city President Finney had a great struggle, as he says, to consecrate himself to God in a higher sense than he had ever before seen to be his duty. His wife lay on what proved to be her death-bed. He was led through severe struggles to a much deeper consecration to God than ever before. After this more profound surrender, he says of himself: " For years my mind was too full of joy to feel much exercised with anxiety on any subject. My prayer that had been so fervent and protracted during so long a period seemed all to run out into 'Thy will be done.' It seemed as if my desires were all met. What I had been praying for myself I had received in a way that I least expected. Holiness to the Lord seemed to be inscribed on all the exercises of my mind. It seemed to me that that passage, My grace is sufficient for thee,' meant so much 4 that it was wonderful I had never understood it before. I found myself exclaiming, Wonderful! wonderful !' as these revelations were made to me. I could understand then what was meant by the prophet when he said, His name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, the ( Mighty God, the Everlasting Father, the Prince of Peace.'" You open here out of the early history of New England Jonathan Edwards' famous volume on Revivals in Religion. In marvellous passages, which I have no time to cite in full, he is describing what I suppofce to be his own experience. Notice how these deep crystalline springs burst up out of the rent caused by total, irreversible, affectionate self- consecration of the soul to God as both Saviour and Lord: " A kind of omnipotent joy, euch as to cause the person to leap with all the might, with joy and mighty exultation of soul; the BOUI at the same time being so strongly drawn toward God and Christ in heaven that it seemed to the person as though soul and body would, as it were of themselves, of necessity mount up, leave the earth and ascend thither." ("Jonathan Edwards' Works," New York edition, Vol. III., p. 301.) And so noon rises on midnoon, in the spiritual experience of one of whom it has been said that he might have been the foremost poet of his nation if he had not chosen to be its foremost theologian. God appoints evangelists. This is a fact of Scripture. It is also a fact of history. When Christ our Lord ascended on high He led captivity captive, and gave gifts unto men. He gave some to be apostles, and some prophets, and some evangelists and some pastors and teachers. (Eph. iv. 8-16.) He appointed the offices, and the men to fill them, and gave the men the gifts needed in their places, (Alford in loco.) 1\. Evangelists, therefore, as much as apostles, prophets, paBtors and teachers, are a class of in structors appointed from on high. 2\. A divine providential arrangement makes five orders of agents prominent in the Church—apostles, prophets, evangelists, pastora, teachers. 3\. History, as well as Scripture, shows that all these orders have providential appointment. But for what are they appointed ? ; 4\. Both Scripture and history answer:—"For the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ, till we all come in the unity of tlie faith and of the knowledge of the Son of God unto a perfect man unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ." 5\. We reach, therefore, the high practical conclusion that the agreements of the foremost evangelists of all ages constitute a reason why " we should be no more children tossed to and fro, and carried about with every wind of doctrine," and why we should preserve the unity of their faith. Evangelists are burning glasseB so arranged as to bring the rays of religious truth to a focus and cause ignition. From age to age Providence intermittently holds out such glasses over the Church to kindle in it new flames of love and zeal. Every soul may become a burning glass in God's light. Every soul may be adjusted in such a manner that God will shine through it and light the fire of a new life. The glory of the flame belongs in everv case to the sun, and not to the glass, and yet the glass is an instrumental cause to tiie flame. A slight failure of adjustment destroys the focal igniting power. This is the difficulty in so many lives, and churches, and communities which do not understand that the difference between half-heartedness and whole-heartedness may be that between death and life. If any soul is not a burning glass the fault is its own and not God's. In the religious awakening of the community, as in that of an individual soul, there are several distinct stages in which natural and supernatural forces are combined —the cleansing of the lens of the burning glass • its adjustment to the light; the concentration of the light to a focus of intense illumination;the concentration of it to a focus of intense heat; the ignition of a new life ; the protection of this flame; its growth by what it feeds on. More than mere persuasion by truth is here symbolised. The heat is concentrated as well as light; the heat is in the light, and so the Holy Spirit is in the truth ; and yet it is conceivable that sometimes heat may be concentrated without light, and act effectively alone, if God so wills, beyond the pale of full illumination by the historic gospel. My object has been to show on principles common to Scripture and science, to Paul and' to Marcus Aurelius, that in history at large and in the Church in particular, as truly as in the individual conscience, there 13 a natural Supernatural; and that whenever this rises, as it often has and does, to visibility and tangibility, we have in it, most un- mistakably, a Divine leadership. — The Presby- terian. 