THE LAND OF THE 'EARTH QUAKE. TiLE NORTIu ISLAND. The native of dustrali can with dull culty realise the character and the features of that little island which lies but a thousand miles due east of Sydney Harbour gates. Evcrythiug is foreign and strange to him there. The stolid monotony of Australia disappears. The long wash of Australasian shores changes first for a fierce, short sea brealung, on a coast of infinite variety. The laud rises in tremendous hills, conical, snow capped, evident funnels prepared by the Great Architect of the Universe for the laboratory of nature in this world's heart, whose crust is here so tidE. Nearer, a new formation appears, unfamiliar rocks and cliffs, and soon a flora, marvellously rich and beautifsl and grand, but eplhemeral in its very nature, one might well imagine, soft and beautiful and luxuriant, bat not calculated to last or to live through all the ages. The native race, also utterly different from the in: habitants of this dull continent-American stock evidently developed in a more genial clime. AUCKLAND. The towns also are new and strange. Auckland, old almost as Sydney, possesses, certainly, some familiar features. It is staid and solid, and somewhat venerable. It has had a long period of slow growth, and seems secure now upon its crust of rich volcanic soil, as did Pompeii when the vines grew all up the slopes, and cattle grazed in the crater of Mount Vesuvius. Since the disaster of Tarawera, however, many an eye will be turned curiously and anxiously toward the lip of thle crater of MIount Eden, which overhangs the city, and there will be much foreboding of a time when the boiling pot below may once more crack the crust, and pour out its volumes of fiery devastation and doom and woe. sEvLLINOcIOec. VWellington, 500 miles to the south, is a city of quite anothler order. It contains some 30,000 inhabitants, and starting from the harbour shores straggles away up through tile valleys of the hills like a vigorous plant whose roots might be con fined in a very small pot. For many years Wellington was regarded as an utterly unsafe city. There were no houses of brick .or stone. The Government buildmngs, enormous in size, are all of wood; the earlier churches were of wood. How could men thinkl of dwelling in security beneath brick or stone in a city that suffered on an averas 300 earthquake shocks in a year. Yes, it is accurate. From '00 to '70 scarcely a day passed in Wellington without a shock, and 150 miles to the north, tlhe great chim neyof Tongariro had his banner of smoke. WVise men liked well to see Tongariro smoking, they said; while he kept open the country and the towns weresafe. Gradually, however, in Wellington, thle violence of the shocks abated, or otherwise men began to understand their power to build to resist shock, and substantial buildings of brick and stone, very securely tongued and bound with steel rods and hoop-ir3n took the place of. wood. Wellington became grand, almost magnificent, and stands to day the thriving capitalof this marvellous colony. The mamin backbone range of the colony does not, through the North Island, run due north and south, or from Welling ton to Auckland, but tending a little eastward, terminates in the bold bluffs of thle East Cape, beyond the tall summits of flikurangi. Tongariroandnuapehu are not Iproperlyin thisrange, whileMeountEgmont, out on the extreme point of the western coast, stands in solitary grandeur-a per feoct cone, with a base diameter of 30 miles and asummit vested in eternal snow. TIIE GEYSER LAND. And Tarawera, now born to a terrible fame, lies still farther to the north; central almost in the wonderland of the lakes and geysers. Tarawera is not a great mountain amongst the New Zealand giants. There are no very great moun tains amongst these lakes. The steamfrom t~he netherdeeps breaks through over a great surface, and there are no stupendous cones of upheaval. But never, in all the world, perhaps, was there amore appropriate gate of Hell than this Tarawera, a blasted, bald, and awful mass, more fearful by comparison with the marvellous beauties about its feet. The muperstitious strength of the iMaori mind had grasped and utilised its natural terrors. It seemed to them a proper place fortlthe burial of their noblest dead, and many a mournful procession had followed many an Arawa chief up the winding track to the tabooed summit. Norsemen trusted their dead to travel by their own might to the topmost slope of Hela, and carved there a shroud of snow. The Maoris bore their dead aloft themselves and left them on the sacred hill and were very careful that they were not molested. But these were the Maorices of the old days, the fathers of the heroes who fought at the Gate and the To Rangapahs, out towards Taurunga port. They are all passed away or demoralised now, and the natives recent tourists knew were all too much hlke our own poor blacks. There abou l1200 of them in the Tauranga County, and in the winter the majority would flock to the hot springs. Strange springs this weird land; goyseyers spouting with marvellous regularity as moved by some pulse motion of the powers below. Fair lakes and pools set in the marvellous white and pink cup of purest silica, forests where in sprng time the crimson of the Rata broke out as the violet of the Bougainvillea, where the vines, trailed as huge sea snakes in tihe woods, where the ferns grew as palms; and upon any cleared patch all ordinary cereals and vegetables became giants, lay to the north and beneath Tarawera. Our own people, as we know, had been drawn by the marvellous attractionts. Villages and towns had grown. Ohincmutu, or otorur, was becoming a place of luxury and repose. Good hotels had been erected, and through the summer months visitors from all parts of the world met there. Close to Ohine mutu, were the beautiful pink and white terraces now reported to be wholly des troyed, but happily preserved to know ledge by the successful efforts of several artists and the descriptions of G. A. Sala and J. A. Froude. TIIE OLD SETTLEMENT. Wairoe is one of the old missionary settlements peculiar to New Zealand, a place v here all the grace of English life seems to have resultedfrom the missionary labour; and though blasted, wasted, and wrecklied by the repeated Maori risings, to have re-estabhlshed itself in a few years of peace and have settled down in later years to slow and sure growth. It was a beautiful old place, set in the bosom of a mountain above the great lake of Tara Wvera. And over Wairos now, there are fifteen feet, that may be increased to a hundred, of ashes and boiling mud. The great power below has stirred himself at last and all the earthwvork above is in ruins. 'TIIE ERUPTION. i The whole affair was without any useful warning, and indeed in an unexpected locality. Bad there been any dsead of vol canic eruption it would naturally have been allied to the cracked earth crust imnmedia toly round about Ohinemutu or anywhere, in fact, over the hot lake area, which ex tends from White Island, in tihe Bay of Plenty, a sort of sea-vent spouting up sul phur for ever, to the mighty Tongariro, a district 150 miles inlengthby about 12 in breadth. This seeomed like a huie valve of thscentrel flrcs of the world, whiile Mount Tarawera was a rivet or a nut on its edge. Any time, up any geyser or any chain of pools, thie black smoke might have forced'. its way th, ough the white steam, and tise towering Ilames and spouting fire hzie followed. But we must imagine that a deeper fissure was found in this mountain, that a mightier throb than usual found some fault or flaw in the strata, that the huge masses of rock parted ever so little and up thlroughi the snvity with suds force as makes all escapes of the little powers we fetter and use seem poor and paltry indeed, the smoke and fire of the great world cauldron found i'ts way. What followed can only be understood by permit ing a good deal of imagination to inter peret a few bald facts. It may help us to a full and accurate realisation if we in corporate here that grand and graphic description, by Bulwor Lytton, of the most famous eruption of history of the upburst of Vesuvius that buried Pompeii. IIOW POMPEII WAS BURIED. "'The crowd beheld,withineffable dismay, a vast vapour shooting from thie summit of Vesuvius, in the form of a gigantic pine tree; tile trunk, blackness,-the branches, fire !-a fire that shifted and wavered in its hues with every moment, nosy fiercely luminous, now of a dull and dying red, that again blazed terrifically forth with intolerable glare! Then there arose on high the universal shrieks of women; the men stared at eachl other, but were dumb. At that moment they felt the earth shalke beneathl their feet; the walls of the theatre trembled; and, beyond in the distance, they heard the crash of falling roofs; an instant more and tie mountain-cloud seemed to roll towards them, dark and rapid, like a torrent; at tie same time, it east forth from its besom a sshower of ashes mixed with vast fragments of lburning stone! Over tle crushing vincs,-over the desolate streets,-over the amphitheatro itself-far and wide,--with many a mighty splashl in the agitated sea,-fell that awfeul shower ! Amidst tihe other horrors, tie mighlty mountains now cast up columnus of boiling water. Blent and kneaded with the half burning ashes, the streams fell like seeth ing mud over the streets in frequent in tervals. And full, where tile priestsof Isis lsad now cowered around the altars, on which they had vainly sought to kindle fires and pour incense, one of tie fiercest of those deadly torrents, mingled with is; mense fragments of scoria, had poured its rage. Over the bended forms of tIle priests it dashed; that crylhad been of death-that silence had been of eternity ! The ashes-the pitchy streams- sprinkledm the altars, covered the pavement, and half concealed the quivering corpses of tlhe priests! Meanwhile, tie streets were already thinned; the crowd had hastened to dis perse itself under shelter; the ashes began to fill up tie lower parts of the town; but, here and there, you heard the steps of fugitives cranchling them warily, or saw tleir pale and haggard faces by the blue glare of tkle ligstning, or the more unsteady glare of torches, by which they endeavoured to steer their steps. But ever and anon, the boiling water, or the straggling ashes, mysterious and gusty winds, rising and dying in a breath, extinguished these wandering lights, and with thlem the last living lhope of those who bore them. The cloud, which hlad scattered so deep a murkiness over the day, had now settled into a solid and impenetrable mass. It resembled less even the thickest gloom of a night in the open air than the close and blind darkness of some narrow room. But in proportion as the blackness gathered, did the lightnmngs around Vesuvius increase in their vivid and scorching glare. Nor was their horrible beauty confined to the usual bhues of fire; no rainbow ever rivalled their varying and prodigal dyes. Now brighltly blue as the most azure depth of a southern sky-now of a livid and snakelike green, darting restlessly to and fro as thle folds of an enormous serpent-now of a lurid, and intolerable crimson, gushing forththrough the columns of smoke, far and wide, and lightinig up the whole city from arch to archl--then suddenly dying into a sickly paleness, like the ghost of their own life! In the pauses of the showers, you heard the rumbling of the earth beneath, and the groaning waves of the tortured sea; or, lower still, and audible, but to the watch of intensest tear, the grinding and hisising murmur of the escaping gases through the chasms of the distant moun tain. Sometimes the cloud appeared to break from its solid mass, and, by the lighning, to assume quaint and vast mimicries of human or of monster shapes, striding acrors the gloom, hurtling one upon the other, and vanishling swiftly into the turbulent abyss of shade; so that, to the eyes and fancies of the affrighted wanderers, the unsubstantial vapours were as the bodily forms of gigantic foes -the agents of terror and of death. The ashes in many places were already knee-deep; and tlse boiling showers whlichl came from the steaming breath of the vol cano forced their way into the houses, bearing with them a strong and suffocating vapour. In some places immense frag ments of rock, hurled upon the house roofs, bore down along tile streets masses of confused ruin, which yet more and more, with every hour, obstructed the way; and, as the day advanced, the motion of the earth was more sensibly felt-the footing seemed to slide and creep -nor could chariot or litter be kept steady, even on the most level ground. Sometimes thIe huger stones, striking against each other as they fell, broke into countless fragments, emitting sparks of fire, which caught whlatever was combus tible within their reach; and along the plains beyond the city the darkness was now terribly relieved; for several houses, and even vineyards, had been set on flame; and at various intervals the fires rose sud denly and fiercely against the solid gloom. To add to this partial relief of the dark ness, the citizens had, here and there, in the more public places, such as the porti coes of temples and the entrances to the forum, endeavoured to place rows of torches; but these rarely continued long, tIhe showers and the winds extingmshed them, and the sudden darkness into which tshelr sudden birth was converted had something in it doubly terrible and doubly impressing on the impotence of human hlopes, the lesson of despair. I'requcntly, by the momentary light of these torches, parties of fugitives en countered each other, some hurrying to wards tile sea, others flying from the sea back to the land, for tihe ocean hlad re treated rnpidly from the shore-an utter darkness lay over it, and upon its groan ing and tossing waves the storm of cinders and reeock fell without the protec tion whlich the streets and roofs afforded to the land. Wild, haggard, ghastly with supernatural fears, these groups oen countered each other, but without the leisure to speak, to consult, to adviso; for the shlowers fell now fre quently, though not continuously, ex tinguishing the lights, which showed to each band the deathlike faces of the other, and hurrying all to seek refuge be neath the nearest shelter. The whole elements of civihsation were broken up. Ever and anon, by the flickering lighlts,. you saw the thief Ihastening by the most solemn authorities of the law, laden with, and fearfully chuckling over, the produce of his sudden gains. If, in the darkness, wvife was separated from husband, or parent from child, vain was the hope of: reunion. Each hurried blindly and con fusedly on. Nothing in all the various and complicated maclinory of social lifo was left save the primal law of self-pro servation ! One of the two gigantic crests, into which the summit hlad been divided, rocked and waved to and fro ; and then, with a sound, tihe mightiness of which no laungamgoe can describe, it fell from its burning base, an avalancho of fire, down, the sides of tie monntain! 'At tihe saine instant gsshed forth a volunme of blackest smoke-rolling on, over air, sea, and sorth.; Another--and another-and another shower of ashes far more profuse than before, scattered freslh desolation along the streets." 'riEs FLIGoiT. Our sulfficiently terrible New Zealand catastrophe did not disclose such horrors as that. Had it been a hundred years hence we might hlave seen a sinfilar luxurious civilisation at Rotoruna paudor ing to the desires of the mighty capitals of the Great Australian Continent. But as yet they were but poor people, who through the winter months lived in tle mysterious country. The great hotels were empty. Only a few poor children of local residents were in the cottage homes. The regular population is not more than a hundred, and probably there would notbe more than another hundred scattered throughout; the district. These 'nd the i1laories. We can easily imagine them warned ineffectively by some stronger pulsations, som fiercer storm play of the geysers, but trusting that all would calm down again. There were so maiy mysteries about them that a few more or less were of no special import. But how terrible were they aroused at last in that darkest hourof all, the night! Somne but to die, scorched, burned, smothered in smoke and ashes and flame; somne to fly headlong, knowing, caring nothing whither. Through tihe wild, tanglea forest, above which was now an impenetrable gloom, down thie gullies; throughl the tree ferns, where thie white ashes were fast spreading their deadly pall, and hot coals from nnknown heights fell hissing in the water; along the roads that shook witlh a fierce vibration, or un dulated wavelike beneath them; sick with terror, aghast wilth horror, anywhere, anywhere, into lthe world, and away from this fearful manifestation of the powers of the world unseen, Poor naked wrotches, enduring the pelting of such a pitiless stormn as the world seldom sees. Above them the terrible pall wove of thie spinning of the earth-spirits of the nether world, a solid canopy between thie earth and the stars, lit by incessant play of lightning, which ever and anon reached down to the earth, now firing a house-roof, now split ting some great forest tree to splinters. Thunders from above answeredbythunders from below, great guns.sounding beneath the mountain bases, and shaking tihe foundations of cities a hundred miles away. Men on horseback, men on foot, wild, brown men, with horror on their faces, white men flying madly, and women and children packed into any vehicles hurry ing along. Sometimes the earth yawning beside them, at others thie very forest starting in some mad dance, and IRata and RIimu, and black and white pine, with all their gorgeous wealth of parasitic foliage, and bloom coming down headlong togetlher in inextricable confusion. And the fnifrighted cattle rushing hitlter and thither withl their mad cries, or low moans of terror, in which making recognition of unfamiliar horrors and fears. vHE LOSSES. The tale of life. lost is already very heavy, but it is much to be feared that it is by no means complete. How can all the results of a catastrophe extending over a thousand squaromiles of couutry be sum marised in a few brief and troubled hours? :We have to realise the fact that there is darknessoverthe wlhole land, from Tarnn ga, on thecoast,to tihe great lakeTaupo, just north of Tongariro and Ruapehu. As slowly -very slowly-- thlat rolls away, more and more of horror and devastation will be dis covered. The snow peaks far to the southl will still be beautiful, flushed to a rosyglow by the rising and setting sun. The lakes, Showever, changed in form, will mirror against the soft blue sky; but where will Wairoa be ? And what will remain of R?o torna? And how desolate and bare will. the lakes be, stripped of all their loveliest foliage, and of the beautiful results of the crystalization of centuries. New wonders will doubtless have been created, but they will be grim, horrid works of ruin, not creation. The interest attaching to them will be as the interest in a sacked and bombarded city, it will be akin to the ruined homes, to the desolated faces of all the oldpastur ages and fields. The wonder we shall find there now willbe as a patch of the sur face of a new born planet not yet subjected to all the beautifying infliences of itmose pherie wear and fructification and chlange. And there will be many, very many, sufferers. There, will be widows and orphans, and homeless ruined families. Hundreds of refugees will laud in Auck land, penniless, utterly destitute. The stout-hearted charity which the fine New Zealand nature breeds will have to be liberally expanded to take them allin, but there is little fear of any inadequate pro vision there. Newv Zealand is not a coun try pulpy for lack of -trials. Her history has been a succession of hard knocks maguiificently endured, of great troubles grand!y surmounted, and this latest dread battering of the shocks of doom will not appal her heart or paralyse her energies. TeE LARGER EFFECT. The larger effect, the more prolonged influence of this great trouble, must how ever be severely felt. A sentiment of distrust will be bred thronghout the world which will instantly check the cur rent of immigration. This landof unknown possibilities and risks will not be regarded as a desirable settlers' home. Old memories will be joined withlnew fears, and little experiences will be magnified into marvellous endurances. Scarcely a man has lived long in New Zealand ,without experience of an earthquake that wonld set the bells a-ringing, and spill wine in glasses on tlhe table. And what are they -escapes at the safety-valve, or warnings of fearful import ? There will doubtless be much questioning and surmising, and a long continued drain of loss which will come heavily on the disaster of the first shock. But there is a mar vellous vitality in New Zealand, and we gain consolation remembering that even Vesuvius could not shake down or blow away the human effort iu South Italy, and that Lisbon stands to-day, though 100 years ago her earthquake shaken walls buried near a hundred thou sand people. The hot springs will become beautiful, and the villages popular again, and thie belched out material of the middle earth will eventually fertilise the plains, but it is to be feared that the overmaster ing sentiment of horror and dread will not be forgotten by this generation. 3IR. pROUDE'S DESCRIPTION. Ohinemutu is thus described by Mr. J. A. Frouds in his book "Ocoana":-" We saw in the distance a blue, singular range of mountains, while immediately under neath us, a 1000ft. down, stretched a long, greenish lake, with an island in the middle of it, and a cluster of white houses six miles off standing on the shore. The lake was Rotorna; the white houses woL's Ohinemutu, the end of our immediate journey. As we drew nearer to our desti nation, both Ohinomutn and the district touching it seemed to be on fire. Columns of what appeared to be smoke wore rising out of the ti-tree bush, from the lake shore and from the ditches by the road side. We should have found the lakle it self lukewarm if we could have dipped our hands in the water. Eventuatly Ohinemutu uand thhe neighbourhood are to become the Baden or Bath of New Zea land. "And of thie Wshite and Pink Terraces stretched before us we saw the White Terrace in all its strangeness; a crystal staircase, ghttering and stainless as if it were ice, spreading out like an open fan from a point above us on the hillside, and projecting at tihe bottom into a lake, where it seas perhaps 200 yards wide. Thostairs were about 20 in number, the height of each beling six or seven 'feet. Thie floors dividing them were horezbhtal, as if laid out with a spirit-level. They were of un even breadthl, 20, 30, 50 feet, or even more,. each step down being always perpendiou Iar, and all forming arcs of a circle, of which the crater was the contre. On rcach ing the lake tile silica flov.ed away into the water, whcre it lay in a sheet half submerged, like ice at tile beginning of a thaw. The water, which comes up boiling from below, is charged as heavily as it will bear with silicic acid. The silica crystallises as it is exposed to the air. THE PCINK TERRACE. The Pink Terrace opened but before us on the opposite shore. It was formed on the same lines as the other, save that it was narrower, and was fluashed with pale rose colour. Oxide of iron is said to be the cause, but there is probably some thing besides. Tihe water has. not, I believe, been completely analysed. The crystals were even more beau tiful than those which we had soon, falling like clusters of rosy icicles, or hanging in festoons like creepers trailing from a rail. At the foot of each cascade the water lay in pools of nltra-marine, their exquisite colour being due in part, I suppose, to the light of tlhe sky refracted upwards from the bottom. In tihe deepest of these we were to bathe. Tihe tem perature was O~ldcg. or 95deog. The water was deep enough to swim in conm fortably, though not over our heads. The marvel of the Terrace was still before us, reserved to tihe last like the finish in a plecasant battue. The crater at the Whito Terrace had been boiling; the steam rushing out from it had filled the air with cloud; and the scorching heat lhad kept us at a distance. IHere the toem perature was 20 degrees lower; there was still vapour hovering over the surface, but it was lighter and more transparent, and a soft breeoze now and then blew it comple tely aside. We could stand on the brim and gaze as though an opening in the earth into an azure infinity beyond. Down and down, and fainter and softer as they receded, the white crystals pro jected from the rocky walls over the abyss, till they seemed to dissolve not into darkness but into light. The hue of the water was something which I had never seen, and shall never again see on this side of eternity. Not thle violet, not tile hare bell, nearest in its tint of heaven of all nature's flowers; not tnrqnoise,notsapphire, nottheounfathomable eother itself could con voy to one who has not looked on it a sense of that supernatural loveliness. This was the end of our adventure-a nnirlue experience. There was nothling miore to see, and any miore vulgar wonders would have now been too tanme to interest us." 