LAYING FOUNDATION STONE, CHURCH OF ENGLAND, MUCKLEFORD. The foundation stone of St. Peter's Church, Muckleford, was laid yesterday afternoon. The place where the Church is to be erected is close beside the residence of Mr Woodman, on a por- tion of his ground that he has made a gift of to the trustees. This being midway between North and South Muckleford, the situation is the most central one that could be selected for the con- venience of the congregation. The Church will be a small, neat structure, as was seen by plans drawn by the architect, Mr Kibble, which were inspected on the ground. It will be 36ft long by 21ft wide, walls 12ft high, and a porch. It will contain sitting accommodation from 100 to 130\. The contractor, Mr Calder, will perform his part for L234, but as customary with such erections it may be expected there will be extras that will increase the amount. Nearly 100 per- sons assembled to witness the ceremonial. It was fully half- an-hour after the appointed time when the clergymen who were to perform the ceremony came on the ground with their surplices. They were Archdeacon M'Cullagh of Sandhurst ; Rev. A. V. Green, of Maldon ; Rev. H. J. Howell and Mr. Kay. The service consisted of a printed compilation of prayers and psalms authorised by the Bishop of Mel- bourne to be read at laying the foundation stone of all edifices to be erected by the Church of England. The first prayer was read by the Rev. A. V. Green, to which there were re- sponses by the people. Mr Kay read the 84th Psalm and creed, after which the stone was raised, and a sealed bottle put in the aperture containing a copy of yesterday's M. A. MAIL, a coin, and a document, of which the following is a copy :— " The foundation stone of St. Peter's Church, Muckleford, was laid by the Ven. J. C. M'Cullagh, Archdeacon of Sandhurst, on Whit Monday, June 14th, 1886. The Very Rev. H. B. Macartney, D.D., Adminsitrator of the Diocese of Melbourne, the Rev. A. V. Green, M.A., LL.B., Incumbent of the Parochial Dis- trict of Maldon, Messrs T. Courtney and W. Jones, trustees ; Messrs S. Woodman, A. Trinkhaus, J. Mackey and T. Mackey, building committee ; Mr T. Kibble, Architect ; Mr T. Calder, Constructor. June 14, 1886." Upon the stone being lowered Archdeacon M'Cullagh said : I lay this foundation stone of a Church to be called St. Peters in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. A choir, lead by Mr Hobson, then sung the hymn beginning with the words, "This Stone to Thee, in Faith we Lay." After this the Rev. H. J. Howell read a prayer. Before the offer- ings were made, and the collection taken up, Archdeacon M'Cullagh delivered a brief address, in which he adverted to the custom of laying foundation stones to sacred edifices. He then toughed upon the use to which the building was to be put for the worship of the Most High, and to instructing the young to walk in the ways approved by God. When the latter grew up they would have to renew their baptismal vows. He trusted all their hearts would be imbued with righteousness in offering prayers to the Eternal, and in seeking salvation from Him through His Son, who died on the Cross at Calvary. He remarked it was a singular coin- cidence that a little bird had hopped down as if to find a dwelling place in the church, and he trusted they would regard that as a message from God for them to seek His House. He congratulated Mr Green upon his labours among them, and his zeal in encouraging the trustees to have a church built. He trusted Mr Green would continue to labour as long as there was one wanderer to be brought into the fold ; and when full of years he was succeeded by others that they would continue the good work of honour and glory, and that their grace might win many souls. The collection, which was then received, amounted to L4 1s 3d ; and, in addition, Mr Zeal, who could not find it convenient to at- tend, sent L1 1s. Another gentleman was ex- pected from Melbourne, but he sent an apology for his absence. A hymn followed, after which Archdeacon M'Cullagh read a short prayer, which brought the ceremony to a close. Amongst the visitors were the Mayor and Mayoress of Castlemaine, and Mr Hornsby, of Maldon. 