. CAULFIELD. MBiiBOTrains/^huTBo^y Afternoon.-To-day's work al Caulfield was ^commenced before 0 o'clock. Kenneth ran a strong. six furlongs, Master John striding, accompanied him over tho last threo or four furlongs. Crown Brand followed over tho samo distance for apipo-oponor ; this son of King; of the Bhsg moving along in good style. His Btable companion Land Shark put in a strong round ou the sand. Carnarvon and Eugouo rattled along at a morry paco ovor five furlongs. Nabokliah, accompanied bj Uevalano, did serviceable work over tho schooling hurdles. Bonnie Lad, after cantering, moved Biaartly onco round on tho sand. Louise Borta brushed along for four furlongs. The Loafer was exorcised on the tan at a good sharp cantor. Tho steeplechasers, Lady Ashton and Union finished with some balf-pace oxerciso. Ben Bolt jumpedoff in front of stand, and put in a good working gallop onoo ? . round. Chuckster strided along with bira for a mile. - Western moved round for useful work. Anarohy, Lando, and Warfield woro each dispatched for strong work over fivo furlomtB. Tho Sussex horso put in long ¡' serviceable oxerciso. Little John and Jack strode ? ' . along for 'half a milo. Jim Cain thon took up tho running with the Cup horse, and tho pair accom plished a good useful gallop onoo round; both went strongly and woll.' King of the West put in a round or two on the tan at about half-pace, while others of thia team wore doing varied oxerciso. Caundon, with over 8sfr up, performed good sound work ovor a milo and a half; ho was attended by St. Albert and Young Horatio at diiïerent parts of tho journey. The son of Torchlight galloped strongly and woll; this was tho second-best performance of the morning. It was. only eclipsed by Silvermine, -which horse, aooompanied by Bonnie Loon, accomplished tho bost round that bas boen soon this season. Tho handsomo looking Bon of Napoleon moved along iu capital style, and finished woll, wallang of£ as sound . as a boll. Tho Bohemian, looking as frosh as paint, strodo once round on the tan, Epicurean and Mia Mia brushod along iu company for bait a milo, as alao did Louis II. and Alexandra. Now York; and tho Stag put in some good work ou tho tan. Dolamia was treated to mild oxerciso on tho sand. Dougalston, accompanied by Cestus, put in a strong milo.: Gadfly and Empress strodo along smartly for halt a milo. Grace Darling put in a round alone for good striding work. Tho Ghost and others did goodBteady oxer- . else. Albanus and Cadland put in useful work in oorapany. . Lord Allen and Highland Chief strode along for throe or four furlongs, Camerino, looking nico and pink, Btroda along for five or six furlongs. Her stable companions, Daystar and Henschautn, went through tho same oxerciso. - Maori Chief, Isabel, Fusco, Lottery, Patience, Criçkot,* , Pochahtas, Townloy, Umberto, Ajax, Bennett,. Hannibal,; . Borons, and several others, wcro put through modiuraL exercise. .?- - . 