Cfje libtrine erafo (PUBLSHED DAILY). Echuca : Monday, Ootobeu 18, 1886. THH DISCUSSION ON THIS EDU CATION ESTIMATES. The calin which has reigned for some time in the Victorian Legislative Assembly was rudely dispelled on Thursday night, when the Opposition became suddenly virtuous and exacting, and was Rot inclined to pass estimates on any department, particularly that of the liducation, until they knew what was what. We have our regular paid official auditors, fcut some members are hardly satisfied that they ate a suf ficient check on what tho Education De partment chooses tospend—:not what it has ppant. No doubt a very large proporton nf the public will think the same way.. The Education Act is one of the most bene ficial ineasnres ever placed on the Vic tii'ian Statute book, and it would he a national lo.-s of, no little consequence, if its e >einu'- conH find weakopots in its armor, iliriin»li which to give it vital stabs by reason nf the proditjal expenditure of the department. It was time some strong; cheek was kept up m the niaunec in which the department c ntomphites opening out frush fi dds of expenses in th«i erection of now school*. I'll" tenor of the discussion in Pari'ariiant would almost lead us to think 'liat the localism,of, tate schools was liein;; carried out to a greater extent than the roputbd localism of railways a few years backhand thi.t every farmer was l aving —not a railway this time—but a State school at bis buck gat'. Every fi- esli Stole school means a fresh course of continued-expenditure to the department. It must be remembered that the colony is youaj; yot, and that although she has the advantages in possessing liberal public institutions, which older countries have ■ nt, her scattered noDulation and tho con sequently comparatively small income will iSobar her from exercising, as fall as she might the privileges n wise and bene iiciiil Government has granted in such in stitutions. A thirst far the participation in such benefits ma? lead to bar, unwisely, quaffing 100 liberally of such advantages, and oml in her own destruction. It is one thing tj lmvo a magnificent system of free n:id compulsory State education, aad it is uiiother tn commit the colony to every increasing bunion of expenditure, because tne department may be too liberally in clined. We do not disagree in ibe smallest With the expenditure that has taken place, because wo cunnot offirin t nit it has not been necessary nor do wo any that the department'should be restricted in the future from expendimg more money where it is found necessary. We should bo very undosir.ms of giving tl e opponents of the Act the slightest tangible exouse for assailing the Act. We artawpce it is one of cheii methods to 1 j.oint continually to ttoovor-incrcasing cost j and wo regret to see eorne members Whose I polit ical convictions are ever ready to lie warped in any way by which thoy may catch votes, expressing alarm at the—to them—appalling expenditure. Our ro marks simply refer to the probability of tho department Receding to the localism pressure, and unnecessarily increasing the expenditure at the expenses of the stability, if not the efficiency of tho Aot. Thus it may not be unnaturally inferred that with the undue growth in the number of sohools, the department has not granted the various grades of teaohers as high salaries ns is desirable, in order to secure good and competent men. The national consequence i'b that pressure is brought "to bear in order to raise the incomes, and this does not. mean an increase in a few in stances, but must include the whole service containing a very large number. At first it wa« proposed to give the increase only to main teachers, but the principle is extended to the female teachers as well. Thus the cost is increasing and there is all tho more necessity for a wise supervision over the , estimates in order that the Act may not become crippled. To secure efficient teachers, it will be found absolutely necessary to pay them proper salaries,' but oven in this respect senti merit may overcome'reason, and an undue liberality be indulged in. The difficulty in the Government somce is that positions in the service have certuin salaries at tached to them, and that collateral positions are. filled by civil servants, who draw the one uniform salary but have not equal abilities. Isolated oases, where civil servants have left the service and risen to higher emoluments from private sources than ever the service could give them, have been pointed out as the examples of the' frightful meanness which charac terised the payment of public servants by me government, Xflese Save no bearing on one another, for the positions are not analagous at all. If we took the public service and raised every man that was worth his salt to his proper position and Iovrored every individual, who was not, in n similar proportion—pecuniarly speaking —whit a difference there would be. It is all voiy well to aver that promotion in the service secures this very end, but it does not, and for obvious reasons never will. Then again, a short time ago, we were informed good men were going from Victoria to New South Wales, and gaining quite magnificent salaries in proportion to what they had been accus tomed tu in Victoria. New South Wales was the land of milk and honey, and Victoria the sterile land, and now what follows. The New South pt ales civil service is notoriously overmanned and overpaid, nnd n system of retrenchment is one ol the most prominent subjects staring politicians in the face. It simply means, what we contend, that whilst it is highly desirable to secure the best men and pay them proper incomes, it is highly undesirable to flood tho departmsnt with an overplus of teaching talent to serve localism, and consequently reduce the average salarj. Such a course must have its own result, scarcity of good men and inferiority in what the department does possess. Adoiiok Sales.—Messrs Shackell White and Oo. will sell on Saturday 30th inst., on account of Mr G. Jamieson, two valuable blocks o£ land, one of 7Ga situated on the CampaBpo river, in tho pariah of Wharprilla, and tho other block containing 22a, adjoining Mr Nolan's alaugliteryard, at Echuca North. After tho land sale, will be sold 13 horses belonging to Mr Jainieson, including the pony entire, The Don, pony mare. Vanity Fair, and draught and light harness horses, and saddle hacks, ete. Chanter and Co'a Monthly Sales.— Mesars J. M. Chanter and Oo. will hold their usual monthly sale at Pinegrove to morrow, and their monthly sale at Torrum barry on Thursday next. Shipping Noies.—The ateamer Kelpie, with her consort arrived in port on Saturday from Tocumswal with wool. Yesterday the Rothbury arrived from Guubowor with her barge fully laden with redgum sleepers. Dbaik or Kennedy the Scotch Vocalist —A telegram announces the death of Mr David Kennedy, tho eminent Scotch vocalist. Mr David Kenedy, Borne few years back made i tour through the Australian colonies, and his visit hero will be remembered very well. Mr Kennedy was assisted at different poriods of his tour by several of his children of whom ho lias eleven-. One of his Bona, Robert, is at present in tho colony, and a few weeks back gave an entertainment in tho Temperance Hall. Two other members of the family mot with a sad death by tho burn ing of a theatre at Nice some few years buck, to which they had gone aB spectators. School Tanks.—The tonderof G. Fields and Son for tho construction of underground brick tanks at £40 each for tho following schools, have been ncoeptid : —State schools No. 2275, GilUestown; No. 1999, Kotupna ; No. 1G12, Mooroopnu North ; No. 20G0, Nalhalia ; No. 2444, TJndnra North; No. 1771, Uiulera ; No. 15G3, Mooroopna dis trict. Assessment or Rents ok G*ahno Areas. —Tho yearly rent payable in respeot of lease? for grazing areas in tho undermentiond parishes in the county of Moira has been assessed as follows :—Kotupna, 4d; Moira, 4d. The Wool Trafic —During tho week a very large quantity of wool has arrived at Echuca by river and teams, 743 bales having arrived by the latter, which was forwarded to Melbourne by a number of special trains. Death of Mr Henry Kinsey.- We (Nathalia Herald) regret to announce death of Mr Henry Kinsey, of Nathalia and Bayon Farm, which occurred at the latter place at 4 o'olock on Wednesday morning. Mr Kinsey has not been in robust health for some time, but when at the Numurkah Show last week he caught a cold which settled on his lungsm producing inflammation and fever. He was placed under modical treatment on Saturday, and appeared to be getting along fairly well until Tuesday, when he became much worse, and finally succumbed early next morning, Mr Kinsoy was one of the earliest settlers in this part of the country, having resided in the neighbor hood for upwards of 20 years. Accounts for tho following are awaiting settlement at the local sub- treasury:—W. S. Beaton, H. Cuttance, G. R. Eukins. Echuca, Borongh Water Trust (2), W. French, J. Efarris in, W. F. Jam'oson, J. 0. Johnstone, (2), J. H. Morphet, W- W. Moore (2) P. M'Bride. M.'Grouther ar.d Flood, P. O'Con nor, J. H. Oaborone, J. F. Page, R F. Scott, E. Tonkin, J. Walsho, H. Wilkinson H. Williamsan, 0. Whitehead, Lim On and A. Jewtll, The German Army and Horsb Racing A Londeti paper states that an Imperial de cree has been issued which strictly limits the participation of officers in this sport, and amongst its many provisions formally forbids any offioer to ride a horse the ownor of which would bo freely received as a guest at.tho rogiinental mesa, or to accept remuneration for riding undor any circumstances what over. Betting with any person who cannot bo conaiderod the social equal# of German officers, bookmakers being Bpecially men tioned as coming undor tho tabooed categeory is also forbidden; and to see that none of these now regulations are broken a per manent military committee is appointed to deal with all questions arising therefrom, IK TdB eatly days of Miohjgdn, whan rtiariy i df the £}o8t*o(QcQ3 were carried in the Hats of tho postmasters, a postmaster in Livingston County was out in tho woods ono day and lost several letters from his hat. A day or two after that a pioneer named Bailey came to his house and inquired if there was any mail for him. " There was a letter for you, Bill, but I've lost it," was the reply. " When ?" " 'Tother day in the woods." " Woll, I want the letter." " But ye can't got it. I'm sorry I lost it, but. that's all I can do." " Then I'll have you removed from offloe 1" " Look a here, Bill Bailey," said tho official as he began to skin orf his I ooat, " I was appointed to hold this post offlco, and I'm bound to do it. As a private oitizen I havo no hard feelings again you ; aB postmaster I lost a lettor writ to you by your sister in Yo>k State : as a representative of this great and awful Government, I want to say to you that if I hour two moro words of saas from your throat I'll suppfesa the insurrection by hanging yon tu tho nearest treo, air ! Mr Ilailoy was, however, per mitted to in lotter, and he found it and tho insurrection was suppressed, The Ho its k ani> his Sknhks.—The horse comoa into tho world with his five senses in full vigor. His ears are so arranged that they can bo turned to catch a sound from any direction. His nose is large, and he can scent his friend or enemy a great way off. His mouth is so made that ho can tell what he is eating better than you or I can. His feeling ii M delicate as the touch of a blind man, and his «yes are so placed in his head that he may have a largo field of vision. And yet his master, man, who does not like to be deprived of any of his senses, shows a lack of even horse sense when he puts blinds on him and drives him. Why should not a korno see anything approaching in the rear as woll as from tho front. Why not put blinds on him when you ride him. or turn him out to graze 1 Why no hinder the proper exercise of his hearing smell or taste? The horse is tho only animal save the mule, that is blinded. Perhaps (his the mule's) heels might bo leathered with more propriety. Blinds sorer the muBt handsome features of tho horse. What is prettier than the full hitzel eya of a horse ? Oan a horse reason ; We say yes. Then cannjt he oome to a better conclusion when his eyes are not obstructed 1 The horse should see the whip in the driver's hand and know when all the members of tha family are seated. If he can't see the whip he soon learns to hear thn driver pull it from the whip sooket. Mare horses run away because they oannot see but hear the ghost, than if j they oould sue and hear it too, as seeing | often dispels all fear. Nature put a hand some suit of hair on the horse, and yet men use the clippers, And what for 1 The man who would do so ought to be stripped of all olothing and made to stand in the cold till— well, till he coulJ praciise the " Qolden Rule." All horses when warm should be well blanketad, and in fly time well nettod, as stamping at the flies will stiffen the joints and worry the animal. It was a human act to cease the practice of nicking and docking the tail. The hoise is one of man's most useful animals, atd we ought to treat him kindly. Don't lei us make him " go it blind " any more.—Ohio Farmer. The Jubilee Municipal Gathering.— The A rgus states that a garden party ,vaB , given by the Premier, Sir Patrick Jennings at his residence, Double Bay, on Friday, to the representatirep at the jubilee munici pal gathering, and despite the continued inclement weather the guests passed the time ploasantly. Amongst the guests were Cardi. nnl Moran and sereral numbers of the Ministry. 