SATURDAY, MAY 8, 1886 BYRON'S complaint that everybody in his day issued a description of some "wondrous journoy to a foreign court" may justifiably be revived at the pre- sent time. The only difference is that the living writer, instead of recounting stories of Paris or St. Petersburg, goes further afield, and tells tales of the glories of Melbourne and the humours of the bush. Judging from the recent multiplicity of accounts regarding them, the Australian people must bo regarded as a new discovery, as a phenomenon in which the traveller feels bound to discover some outre features. It has frequently been said that every man who comes to the colonies has a history, and this proverbial expression may engender a tendency in the minds of visitors to invent biographies for those who have the misfortune to possess none. Of course the history, far from being romantic or melodra- matic, generally resolves itself into a prosaic desire to do better. The people of Australia have simply migrated to a different province of the empire, carrying with them, as Mr. FROUDE pointed out, the habits, amusements, and ways of thought with which they were familiar at home. The adventurous Scotchman who crossed the Tweed and settled in England a century ago might better have been suspected of some concealed career. Nevertheless the idea receives a curious illustration from no less a personage than Mr. FROUDE himself, who has perpetrated one or two strange biographical blunders in his recent work. Of these the most astounding is tho narrative which Mr. HUBERT DE CASTELLA corrects elsewhere in our columns. Mr. HUBERT DE CASTELLA, has been long and well known in Victoria for his wines and his hospitality. It was cer- tainly nowa to hear that he had behind him the career of a fighting policeman, and had taken part in the street battles of Paris. According to Mr. FROUDE, his record would have done credit to any of the fiery Continental exiles who, after many vicissitudes, exchango a chequered career for a settled liveli- hood by pen or plough under the British flag. But Mr. DE CASTELLA is a most unwilling hero He disavows all claim to kinship with those adventurers who, whether they are against tho Government or for it, lond a charm to the dull cruelty of revolution. In spite of Mr. FROODE'S assertion, Mr. DE CASTELLA was not a detective officer. He knew nothing of the mysterious murder of the Duchesse DE PRASLIN beyond the rumours that floated in the Faubourg St. Germnin. Of CAUSSI DIERE'S police ho speaks in terms of dis- gust, and roundly denies that ho ever pulled a trigger in tho streets. Ho complains that the historian's facile pen has done him a great injury. Mr. DE CASTELLA is haunted by phantoms which he declares havo been called into existence* by it alone. The ghost of a past, with which he disclaims all connexion save that of a humble art student, has been saddled upon him by tho free-speaking author. Certainly, on his own show- ing, he has deep cause for complaint. A short term of service in one of the cavalry regiments was a mild and harm- less form of war-fever. The career sketched by Mr. FKOUDE is one that would be odious to a large number of l.enchmen. This mistake on tho part of a trained and well-nigh omniscient historian is a peculiar one. The history of to-day is nothing if not severely accurate. Under its brilliant gaze, the old familiar heroes havo been all transformed. RICHARD ILL has become a model of propriety, and HENRY VIII. has boen made a statesman-like monarch instead of a vulgar Bluebeard. WILLIAM TELL and King ALFRED havo vanished into the cloud of legend, unless, perhaps, among such simple people as those who the other day erected a monument to perpetuate tho fame of Robinson Crusoe Even the names havo disappeared, and the English language is laden with a wild assort- ment of barbaric spellings, which ob- scure the recognition of well-known characters. Are we to believe that, in accordance with the law which applies to language, a converse transformation goes on at tho samo time, and that the historical imagination unconsciously modclB stories which the heroes of them must repudiate t It is true that the gravest historian must havo some- thing of nn imaginative turn of mind. Otherwise tho dismal politics of Queen ELIZABETH'S reign would ba far less fascinating than they are in the pages of the History of England, and even the exploits of DRAKE would ba less entertaining. But there must ba sorao limit to the free exorcise of tha gift. It goes too far when in one book a young officer, who afterwards becama a Minister of the Crown in New Zealand, is accused of having cut doyn women and children "gleefully aS " with ease," and when in another a peaceful cultivator of the vine is alleged to have played a not very dis tinguished part at the barricades. Mr. FROUDE'3 journey through the colonies was rapid. AB a rule, indeed his impressions aro correct and valuable! Ho grasped with great clearness tlio opinions of our leading politicians, their views on Imperial questions, and their aspirations for the future. Oceana was in fact, written moro for this purpose than as an ordinary book of travels. But tho strongest memory may grow confused, when it is crammed with all manner of details regarding tho colonies - political, social, personal, descriptive-in the course of a couple of months. Wa may find some oxcuse for -Mr. FROÜDE'3 blunder, or rather some explanation o£ it, in this fact. At any rate ho does not appear, to have intended anythin» unkind to Mr. DE CASTELLA, to whom ho makes other references, and tlio visit* to whose vineyard he enjoyed thoroughly. _ It may even be that Mr. DE CASTELLA himself is not altogether freo from a generous blame. May not his hospitality, his intimate knowledge. o£ affairs, and his vivacity as a raconteur, have led to the extraordinary jumble of fact and fiction in the mind of tho great man? Tho natural moral would be to avoid the society of great authors. When a traveller, noto-book in hand, visited Scotland, BURNS warned his 'fellow countrymen against him, ns ho would print everything. Tho warning may bo repeated if writers intend to scatter about personal details with less cara and with less investigation than would be shown by a society, paper. Th« painful examination of minute state- ments that wore made in the past is not so necessary as accuracy in describing living people, who may b3 injured in their feelings, if in no other way. But the incident serves to show how mistakes will slip into good books that are written in haste, and how easily a wrong impression may be derived from one conversation. it yields another instance of the blunders into which a visitor may fall. It affords a striking proof of tho untrustwmthi ness of those personal details, after which tho world is continually han- kering, in . spite of the proverb about the salutary lessons of experience. How much of all that is publishod regarding men and society may be nothing mote than erroneous inferences from chanca conversations or mere rumours ! And yet the shops are full of such books. Cer- tainly no strangor errors have ever been made than thoso into which Mr. FROUD. has fallen. Tho titla of a paper such as Dr BENNIE read tho other day at a meet mg of the Australian Health Society makes the overage reader feel anxious and uncomfortable A fresh account of " the influence of tobacco "mokine on " health," from the lips of a scientific man, may mean that, nt last, something too dieadfnl lins boen discoverel by lyn. eyed science about tobacco, and that, henceforth, smokers -n ho go to destraction will go with their eye3 open. Wo all feel that science has nnt the slightest remorse in making m miserable about our food, dunk, and luxuiies Twenty or thirty years ago revelations by certain ambitious chemists and anal) sers, on the subject of adultera- tion, spread dismay and despair among consumers and householders 1 lia eatables and dunkablcs most m use were proved to bo largely poisonous, and had it not been for the sublime courage and scepticism of the Britiih femala (who in her heart of heirts will ever continue to despise chemistry and science) tho consumption of ordinary food would have ceased for a season ni many British families 1 he exposure of food adulterations in Great Bntain did a great deal of good, but if the de- pressing effect of scientific analysis in daily life were not tempered by a certain recklessness in human nature, breakfasting, dining, and supping would bo sorrowful functions A while ago, Londoners enjojed another fashionable scare about the dissémina tion of deadly " germs " by the milk sellers The persecuted householder, however, clenched his teeth, nnd went on pouring milk into his tea, tea with out milk being, perhaps, worse than tho prospect of pleuro pneumonia In recent j ears tho alarmist teaching of scicneo and pseudo _cionce on these matters has betn counteibilanced by other facts which show that although civilised man lives in tho thick of contagion, infection, germs, bacilli, vibriones, _c, these foes aio fatal only when tho human sjstem is so much " below par," so relaxed and debilitated, that the powei of " tin owing off " disease " is gone There is nothing alarmist, however, in Dr BENNIES paper He points out that the burning ot tobacco leaf liberates some most recondite, interesting, and deadly poisons, vhich the smoker «as at one time supposed to absorb Hung« are not quite as bad as that W BEN VIL generously admits that tobneco smoking woiks a certain amount of good-moral, phj sical, and mental although ho omits to mention How gi eat a promotei of sociability it oltcn H Many an acquaintance and fi'enl ship has begun thiongh the requit for "a light " A smoker, too, bj fcivin, a match to his fellow sinne., who h boen "dying for a smoke for the las "hour," may earn a huge amount « gratitude veiy chenplj On the other hand, Ur B»Mt lepeath »M French scientists chiefly lin"» P°'»' out.thatboysoughtnottosiiioke.itso their growth, and tends to make bein listless, irritable, palo, and spirit » He adds the sensible suggestion tua' children, -ipecwily female chidren, ought not to he permitted to «ort» tobacco factories at all, a piece of "» » interference» which we btlie. the most straight-laced economist «wuo not object to We aro told tg tobacco in its various forms takes. stronger hold upon women ban « men, and that smoking quickly «<«c" a woman's nerves, unless thej arc J tough ones Of late j ears Lngb» J Amencandoctorshaveconieacros nV of lady patients, conhrmed c gare«» smoker", suffering fiom ««re^J orders of the ñervos, heart JJ Ac An instance of f"'"«10'" J 1 may be lound in Virginia ««JJ and the pint wood ntf» ui A0" and South Carolina; where 80 per cent, of the women in the lower and middle classes aro said to bo habitual "snuff dippers." Tho awful practice among them is to shovel up by moans of a short stick a quantity of snuff which they rub into their gums, and then meditate upon. Dr. BKNNIE says that " smoking is a dirty and " offensive habit, " but in Aus- tralia such horrors as the above oro unknown, and the great American practice of chewing is not largely in- dulged in. Although from time to time the tobacco-smoking controversy drags its length along through the scientific and popular journals of most countries, tho question has really got away far beyond argument years ago. When it is remembered that two-thirds of tho human raco " use " tobacco in some form or other, and that the world's tobacco crop is next in importance to the grain and cotton crops, tho chances of arguing this mild form of narcotism out of popularity are not great It has been confidently asserted that in the European capitals more money is spent annually on tobacco than on bread. Tho amount of the world's expendi tuie on tobacco has been roughly estimated at ¿£300,000,000 annually. Of course much of this vast sum is taxation, a contribution to tho various national exchequers. America, which heads the list as a tobacco producing country, with some 220,000 tons annually, Austria and Cuba, which como next (after India), and Turkey, all raise heavy customs and excise revenues from this source. The figures in connexion with smoking are huge all through. One French town-St. Omer-is sup- posed to manufacture 40,000,000 pipes annually. Immense vested interests are therefore' involved in the " tobacco " controversy." But the greatest " in " terest " of all, the true basis of the widespread popularity of tobacco, is the need-the eraving which each individual among the civilised races of man carries about with him-for somo relief and assuagement from tho worry, irritation, and nervous strain of civilised lue Man is a sensitive animal, keenly sus ceptible to the petty jars and pricks which ho has to encounter daily and hourly in business, trade, or handicraft Tobacco is a mild seda tivo, we are told, as well as a mild stimulant, smoking and snuff taking soothe nervous tension, and break tho shock of nervous reactions It would seem that tea and coffee dnnkiug havo much the same origin as tobacco smok wg, semi narcotism from all these sources repairs the enfeebled vitality of the individual, and also arrests meta- morphosis or waste of tissue Opium and hemp, the betel nut, and tho " thorn apple " or stramonium, aro ap parently truo nai cotíes , but the Anglo i^axon leaves the tembló preparations from these substances to Asiatics To bacco and the hop are the only narcotics largely used by tho northern or con quenng races of Europe, and, as in the instance of VOLTAIRE'S daily cup of coffee, tobacco is apparently taking a long time to destroy or permanently injure the races who console themselves with it An epidemic of riot and insurrectionary violence appears to be running its course round the world just at presont It diffors from tho analogous movements of 1848 and 1870, in that tho worst out breaks are now found to take place in those countries which enjoy tho greatest measure of political freedom Strange to say, England has given tho lead on this occasion. London shops were never sacked by a mob on purely anarchical principles, until tho franchise had been extended to every "capable citizen' in the land ; for the "Gordon riots ' originated in political and religious feeling, and JACK CADE'S mob never sacked Lon- don at all. Again, Belgium, where tho recent outbreak has cost hundreds of lives, is tho one oasis of constitutional freedom among tho monarchies of Europe, and tho United States is sup posed to bo a perpetual historical monument to the success of democratic institutions Not only was the citizen supposed to be free in tho great republic, but to be well off also ; it was tho land, according to RUSSELL'S old song— "Where a man is a man if he's willing to toil And the poorest may gather the fruits of the soil Howevor, tho republic seoms to bo now afflicted by that same soeial hydrophobia which first attacked England in a some what milder form It is improbable that tho Chicago riots are directly con nectcd with tho railway or tramway strikes or eight hours agitations, instigated by the " Knights of Labour " Ameri can working men do not resort to dynamite But the enormous number of foreigners, Germans, Poles, Italians, &c; , in Chicago would amply account for such peculiar symptoms as the use of explo sive bombs—tho scientific weapons which killed tho unfortunate policemen in that city Tho philosophers who egg on their socialist disciples to murder and rapine aro always prating about "science, hu manity," and brotherly love One of them writes to tho Pall Mall Gazette on tho 4th March describing tho " apos ' tolate " of Prince KRAPOTKIN—one of tho oiliest of modern kid gloved assassins " He, like another great social reformer, does not ' bring " peace but a sword '-or rather, the explosives whiech science has placed at " the disposal of those " who are troubled with tho necessity of earning their living by work This philosophic Prince ' maintains that tho conventions known " as laws exist chiefly for tho protection ' of tho monopoly of wealth,' &c; , &c; After imbibing doses of this rant and of tho still more murderous instruction which MOST publishes in New York, tho Chicago disciple of socialism goes out to kill policemen. Tho correspondent of tho Pall Mall Gazette aforesaid how ever, really puts tho issue which is before tho Americans in a very definite form. ' Science he adds ' now places destructive forces in tho "hands of tho weakest, and why should " they not find in it their strength ? " Force has enabled the few to fleece tho "many; force will enable the many to " make tho few disgorge ; and blessed be 'tho name of force, when force in on "the side of equity and right " This talk is all -very well in Great Britain, where anarchists and terrorists are safe and petted at present and where thero is no chance of tho challenge being taken up The Americans however, are likely to take up tho socialist challenge on just the above lines They have never hesi tated to put down armed resistance to tho authority of what they consider tho freest republic in the world They consider that tho best and cheapest way to dlspose of a man who resorts to force to redress his own grievance is to kill him, and tho United States miltia are extremely likely to employ the "force" which they hap pen to possess in virtue of tho state laws, to rid tho world of a few of the socialist disciples of science, humanity, and ex plosives. Tho resolution of tho Presbyterian ( Commission urging total abstinence upon nil elders and ministers ia startling. It bus nover boon eunerully supposed that .' thoro waa anything in Presbyterianiam hostilo t<> tho uno of alcohol in modera- tion, or that an office-bearer vvus ono whit thoworso for taking a little whisky in the evening AB a rulo, tho national religion lins harmonised wonderfully well with temperato indulgence m tho national beverage The Ro\ \ DAVIDSON, of Geelong, however, has discovered that this is verv wrong, and that no minister of the church will bo able to do Ina work perfectly unless ho forswear intoxicating drinks altogether "SVith all due rognrd to tho oxpenenco of Mi DAVIDSON and his brethren who aro of like mind, wo would suggest to them that they should s_cak senouslj on such a subject Tho work of tlio Presbyterian Church has boon fairlj well dono in tho past Somo famous names adorn its loll of pr»acheis, and aome¡_reat men occupy its pulpits to daj, although it has not ventured to go beyond tho Apostolic precept and diotato to ita membois what they should eat or drink But will tho ministers of tho church sub nut to havo their liberties curtailed in such nn all important matter ? It is hardly possiblo to conceive that t number of stuidy Scotchmen will allow themselves to bo deprived of then creature comforts and sacrifico theil toddj for tho sako of a " fad " Thero is nothing in tho Confession of Tintli or tho Second Book of Discipline, at any rate, obliging them to do so, and naturally they will bo inclined to stand by old customs Wo should imagino that it would require a veiy strou,; seceding feeling to mako them secede fiom tiio bowl of which thoir fathois drank with out over dreaming that they wero guilty of any inconsistency Bo aides, what would bo tho ofToct if tlio rule wore earned out ? If they moekly surrender an old habit at the bidding of a few, they might beconio jielding m other things Peihaps wo should hear of them wandering intj latitudinarian ways, or gravitating towards Weslejan ism, which has alvvajs been weak on tho doctrino of predestination Tho pros peet opened up by such a deop seated innovation is not loassuring Once pooplo loso their land murk, in this case thou? liquor mark, it is difhcult to forecast what may happon The teetotal dictators, how over, hav o not everywhere mot with success, and many ministers will doubt- less bo faithful to whisky and Cal v inism The R.M S S Massilin, from London, with the English mails to April 2, arrived at Adelaide yesterday morning Sho left for Melbourneat 3pm yesterdav,, and ia expected to reach the bay about C o'clock to morrow morning Some surprise will be felt nt the tele gram published this morning which states that Mr John Morley, the Chief Secretary for Ireland, has given notice of a motion for the temporary prolongation of the Iriali Arma Act of 1881, na the Gladstone Ministry have al ways deprecated any resort to special mensures for the pre vention of crime in Ireland lhe Peace Pre sorvation Bill (Arms Bill) was introduced into the House of Commons by Sir Wm Har court, in the absence of Mr W E. forster, the Chief Secretary for Ireland, on the 1st March, 1881, and received the Kçyal assent on the 21st March 'lhe clnet provisions of tho measure were to render the possession of nrma and ammunition in proclaimed districts illegal, to give the police power to search suspected persons and houses, and to prohibit or regulate the Bale of arms. The act was to remain in force for live j ears, and consequently it expires during this year The claim of the British Customs anthon" tics in London, mentioned in our cable raes sage this morning, to e\act duties on Australian wines consumed at the Colonial Exhibition will, probably, raise the old dill! culty about the so called " natural strength of pure wines. J he theory m England baa long been that "unfortilied wines ought never to show more than 2Gdeg of alcoholic strength when tested W mes below that strength, including many of the 1 rench light clarete and some of the Gerrann white wines, are admitted at Is per gallon dutj Port, sherry, Madeira-vv Inch run considerablj above 2Cdeg of strength-pay the higher seule of 2s (id per gallon, it being held by the British Customs authorities that spirit ia alwavs added to thom lor the English market. Pure Australian wines, unfortilied by the addition of any spirit, often contain more than 30dcg of alcohol Ihey have also to pay 2s. Gd per gallon duty, and seemingly it is impossible to persuade the British Customs authorities of the genuineness of the experiments made here some time back, under Government supervision, which showed that our natural wines sometimes contain much more alcohol than the supposed "normal ' amount of 2Gdeg Probably tho ripeness of the grapes, or the time nt which they are gathered in Victoria, accounts for the "abnormnl ' Btrength in some caseB The present claim to the higher scale of duty may call attention to the whole question, and lead to its settle ment His Excellency the Governor has receiv ed from His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, through Mr John Pender, the chairman of the Eastern Extension telegraph Company, a telegram Btating that at n meeting of the Royal Commission lor the Colonial and In diau Exhibition, held on May 3, the following resolution was unanimously adopted - "That an early opportunity De taken for conveying to the Colonial Governments the sincere thanks of the Rojal Commission for having so thoroughly realised our views as to« the form this exhibition should take,ana that onr warmest acknowledgments are also due te the executive commissioners and to the colonial commissioners. ' Ihe agent general has advised the Chief Secretary that the International and Colonial Exhibition of mineral products and mining engineering, which was proposed to be held at Newcastle on lyne towards the close of the present 5 ear lins been postponed till the summer of 18S7, the Royal Jubilee jear \\\ hen information waa lirst received of tho proposnl to hold the exhibition this j ear, the Government did not think it necessary to arrange for the representation of this colony on the occasion, but na the date has been altered they will again consider the mat ter 'lhe President of the Legislative Council has issued a writ for tho election oí a mern ber to represent the South W estéril Province in the Legislative Council, in the place of Mr Philip Russell, w ho has resigned his seat on account of ill health 'lhe date before vv Inch nominations will have to be made is the 15th mst, the election is fixed to ti lie place on the .'7th inst, and the writ is to be returned on June 1 'lhe Attornej General yesterday addressed thetollovving letter to Mr Justice Molesworth, the late acting duel Justice -" I.aw Depart ment, April 7,18S> Sir,-I have the honour to inform j ou that His 1 xcellency the Governor in Council has, in accordance with jour desire, aecepted jour resignation ot oftice I cannot allow this opportumtv to pass without recording the high sense winch tim Government, in common with the commu mty generallj, entertain of the public services that you have rendered during jour long and distinguished judicial career, extending over n period of nearlv ¿0 years of continuous labour During that period justice hits been ndinmi-tered, the laws have been expounded, lind the digmtj and bonunr of the Bench have been maintained In a manner that has not only been a public service in our time but has established an example for the future In recording this opinion, the Go >ernmentare satisfied that they express the universal feeling of Victoria.-I am, _c , li J WitixoN, Attorney General " lhe Attorney General was recently inter viewed by a deputation representing the soli cltors of the colonj, who desired that the Rojal commission promised by his prede cessor in olhce should be forthwith appointed to in .uire into and report upon the operation of the new rules under the Judicature Act, with the object of simplifying procedure, and having the remuneration of solicitors fixed upon settled principles, and not left to the arbitrary decision of the judges. Mr Wrixon said, in replying to the deputation, that if such a commission were appointed the judges ought to be represented upon it, mid he has now written to all the judges uiqmr ing whether they bave any objection to acton the commission in the event of ita appoint ment. One ot the measures to be submitted to Parliament early in the session will be a Railway Loan Application Bill authorising the commissioners to expend a portion of the money raised nnder the Loan Act of last ses sion for the purpose of providing additional rolling stocl which is urgently needed in various parts of the colonv It is intended to obta n 1 000 more trucks and a consider able number of passenger carriages to meet the growing requirements of the depart ment lhe question of the Customs duties on the South Australian border still remains un settle 1 Mr Walker will not assent to the proposals of the South lustraban Govern meat on the ground that they would operate to the alvantage of the storel eepers and merchants of boutli lustraba at the expense of the storekeepers and merchants of this I colon) seeing that the customs tariff on im ports and toe cost of convejmg goods to the border are lighter in South Australia than m Victoria Lven if the tariffs of the two colonies were made uniform, the South Aus traban storekeeper would still be able to get his goods carried to tho border at from los. to ¿Qi per ton less than the cost at which the A ictorian store keeper would be able to get his goods con vejed to the same district. Mr Walker continues to receive objections to the reintro duction of the permit BJ stem in any form whatever lhe merchants of Melbourne contend that as lon¡_ as the \ ictorian nu porter is compelled to pay higher duties than the importer m boutn Australia it would be unfair to him to enter into an arrangement which would result in a strip of 20 miles of Victorian terntorj becoming a market for South Australian traderi with a con sequent loss of revenuo to the Cus toms department of tins colony A memorial has also been received from the storekeepers and tradesmen generally in Lillimur North Kaniva and Nhill throuth Mr W Madden, M L A., urging that it would bo a great injustice to the retail mer chants on the V ictorian side of tho border, as well as to the u holesale firms to re intro duce the permit system When m operation before it was abused to a great extent be cause of the impossibility of confining the permits to goods consumed within 20 miles of lhe border AB a matter of fact goods allowed to be imported overland to places within 20 miles of South Australia were afterwards sent on as far as the Nhill and Bullarook districts, and »the Victorian traders, having paid higher import duties, suffered materially from unfair competition -hey have respectfully suggested to the Vic- torian Minister of '1 rade and Customs that it is his duty to do all in his power to keep the Victorian trade on the Victorian side of the border, and to make sucti arrangements as will benefit Victorian traders und the revenue of this colony rather than give the advantage to the traders and Customs department of .South Australia. Whatever maj be the outcomeof the present diacusaion, Mr. Walker is urged to take steps to secure a better supervision of the border imports, so UB to prevent goods escaping the customs dues-a practice from which, it is believed, the revenue of the department has suffered considerably in the past The Premier has received from Mr John Pender, the chairman of the Tustern Exten sion Telegraph Companj, the following message in reference to the proposed reduc- tion of the cable rates -" We have now,after prolonged negotiation and exercising much pressure, obtained the approv.il of all in- terested administrations to press telegrams for Australia passing by the Eastern Com- pany's line, ma Gibralta, Malta, and India, at the reduced rate of 2a. 8(1 per word. India, however, stipulates that the reduction must apply to all the Australasian colonies Will the contributing colonies alter the terms of the subsidv agreement BO as to allow this, and thus enable the reduced press rate to come into loree on Julj 1* The non contributing colonies should appreciate this concession, and throw in their lot with the other colonies to bring about the lurger re- duction proposed by the companj " Mr. Gillies has not jet replied to this communica- tion 'Iba necessity of at once prohibiting the further introduction of etock from foreign countries into Western Australia was brought under the notice of the Premier by a lurte deputation of stockowners yesterday The deputation, which was appointed at a meeting of stockowners held on the previous daj, was introduced by Mr Cumming, M L C, and accompanied by Mr Winter, M L.C, Mr Ihornlev, MLC, Mr Officer, M L A , and Mr Shiels, M L A., and Mr M'Kenzie Grant, MLC, of Western Australia. It was represented that at the present time stock from any part of the world was allowed to land in Western Aus tralla, almost without let or hindrance mid that there w as great danger of foot and mouth disease, rinderpest, or other serious diseases being introduced, and gradually spreading through South Australia to the eastern colonies. It was understood that the scab which existed in the colony was well in hand, and that effective measures were to be taken to stamp out the disease, bul as the other matter was one of great urgencj, the Premier was asked to telegraph at once to the Western Australian Government, asking them to join with the other colonies in absolutely prohibiting the introduction of Btock into the Australian continent from foreign countries Mr Gillies said he had recently joined l\ew South Wales in directing the attention of the W estern Aus traban Government to the desirability of their adopting the same policy as the other colonna, by absolutely prohibiting the im portation of stock from abroad lie had not received a reply to this communication, but he would complj with the request of the deputation In reply to a suggestion that the W estern Australian Government suuukl u.!su he asked to strict!) eufoice the scab regulations in the Kimberley district, Mr Gillies saul be would not presume to instruct another Government us to how they should administer the Jaw Subsequently the Premier torvvarded the following telegram to the Colonial Secretary of M estern Australia -" A large and in llnential deputation of stockowners waited on mc to dav, requesting that a communica tion should be made to Western Australia with a view of inducing that colony to adopt the same regulations against the importation of stock as are in force in all the other colo tues of this continent 1 his is urged as a matter of very serious importance May I crave jour attention to this and tom) letter of April 2 on Die same subject, to which I have not j et receiv ed a repl) It is repre sented to me as urgent A conllict of opinion has been shown during the past week between the tea expeits of the Customs department and the Government nnalyist as to a consignment ot 48 half chests of tea sent trom binga pore to Melbourne for sale on com mission 1 he cxprrts condemned the tea as unlit for human consumption, but it was passed by the Government anal) st, to whom a sample had been submitted in the usual course Representations were made to the Minister of lrnde and Customs and on a second anal)sis the tea was condemned, withdrawn from the market and is tobe returned to the consignor! The Minister will call upon Mr Johnson to explain his reasons for passing the tea upon the first analysis and condemning it on the second A Reuters telegram from London, pub hshed in 1 he Argus oí yestcrda), stated that the directors of the London Chartered Bank of Australia had declared a dividend at the rate of G per cent per annum, and placed to reserve the sum of tit 000 1 he latter portion of the statement was made in error, and a further telegram is published this morning, convenue, the necessar) correction J lie sum placed to reserve waa, in accordance with the usual custom of the bank, £20,000, whilst L8 GOO was earned for» nrd as the balance on profit and loss account. Hie militar) commandant has granted six months leave of absence commencing from the loth Inst, to those members of the militiu forces who have been selected to re prestut this colony at the ¡National Kille Association annual matches at W imbledon, in July next lhe following notice was posted on the notice board of the Melbourne University jesterday -'Tho chancellor will receive gentlemen who desire to see him on University business upon Thursday in each week, from 12 to 1 o clock The members of the bar have im ited his Honour Mr Justice M ebb to a dinner, in recognition of his appointment as a judge ot the Supreme Court. The invitation has been accepted and the dinner will take place on thursday next. At jcsterdaj s meeting of tho Central Board of Health, the obstructive nttitule assumed by the Port Melbourne Council towards the immediate cleansing of the local lagoon waa severelj condemned especially in view of the report of the local health officer, th it there had been ft rise of t» o per thousand in the annual deuth rate of the borough - an increasing mortality, attributable in his opinion, to the in sanitary condition of the lagoon According to a calculation made by Professor Kernot on tbe basis of population this meant that the lagoon was killing one human being on the a\ erage ev ery week throughout tho j ear The board unanimously carried a resolution, call mg upon the Government to take active and immediate steps towards the immediate cleansing of tho lagoon in the interests of the public health, and in MOW of tho increiso in the local death rate, lhe board resolv ed to instituteaddiiional m quines into the allegation of a local informant, Blip ported by a statutory declaration, that trappers in the Camperdown district are in the habit of obtaining rabbits for meat preserv ing purposes from paddocks in which poisoned grain had been distributed 1 he case of the passenger bj the steamer Chiroboraro, who escaped from the quarantine ground and was captured half a mile outside the boun dary by a constable was brought under tho notice of the bonrl bj the chairman, and surprise was expressed nt the action of the Sorrento magistrates in discharging the offender without imposing any penalty Dr Iweeddale mentioned that the offence of breaking quarantine was retarded as so serious in the Mediterranean ports that the Bentnes were empowered to shoot anjone attempting to escape. Dr Browning the health officer at the quarantine station has promised tosend a full report on the incident to the chairman ot the Central Boord of Health * 1 he Steam Navigation Board were to havo Tieltl an inquiry yesterdaj into the circum stances of the collision between the hopper barge Batman and the as Victorian but the investigation had to be deferred for want of u quorum 1 here are five members ot the board and three form a quorum Tour were available jesterday but two members, Cap tain 1 -Harton (harbourmaster) and Mr W W Couche (chairman of the Harbour Trust), decided not to take any part in tile inquiry, on the ground of their connexion with tho Harbour Irust who were interested aa owners of the Batman, and ns Captain Devlin the only other member of the board, was out of town on a wait, the inquiry could not be proceeded with The steamer Victorian leaves Melbourne t" day, and will not be here again for a month, so the inquiry was adjourned until her return Meanwhile Captain M'Lean the master of that vessel, will leave for Lnglaud , but as the steamer was in charge of a pilot when the colli Bion occurred, his evidence can be dispensed with A meeting for the purpose of forming a Victorian Christian Alliance was held in the Temperance hall on Thnrsday, at which between 40 and E0 ministers and las men, representing nil denominations, were pre sent» The Dean of Melbourne occupied the chair 'lhe aim of the alliance will be to unite the Christian public on questions affect ing the Bocial, moral, and religious interests of tbe communit) A committee was formed to draw up a constitution, with instructions to report to a meeting to be held on rburs day next at the same time and place lbc members of the committee of tho Melbourne Hospital met last ninht and dis cussed a proposal submitted by Mr Laurens, M.L A., at the previous meeting of that body to determine the terms and conditions on which the Government should be asked to grant the reserve adjoiningthe University for hospital purposes. Mr Laurens wished the members especially to Btatc whether a por tion of the present hospital should be retained for the treatment ot casualty cases and vv hether the application to the Govern ment was to be made for a block of land free of cost to the Melbourne Hospital, with the understanding that the present estate should be retained vvhollj or in part for the support of the new institution The members, however, took the view that the motion was premature it being held that tfie subjects which Mr I aurens w ished to have decided should wait until tho committee knew what repl) the Gov ernment w ould make to the application for the Universit) site lhe resolution was ultimately negatived bj a larc,e majority A motion was afterwards passed asking the medical stuff to submit a a statement to the r-ommittee containing their views with reference to the removal ol the hospital to the Universit) site The difference which existed between the Seamens Union and the Western Steam Navigation Company has been BPttled by the directors of the company agreeing to pay the sailors on the e s Nelson double pa) for the work they did on Tight Hours Day. A difliculty has arisen between the union and Messrs Huddart Parker and Co regarding the qualit) of the coal used on their vessels. The liremen con tend that the coal is too fine, and entails a considerable amount ot additional labour The union has therefore asked the lirra in question to put on another stoker in each watch, or to supply their ships with round or lumpy coal Unless the desired change is made when the as Burrumbeet returns to this port, the sailors on board of her will be called out on "ri e 1 he union, however, dv not wish to take extreme measures, and is » lil ilg to submit the matter to arbitration if tho r>v.ners of the vessel desire it Ali ippeal was heard in the Supreme Court ye^rduy against a decision of Mr. Justice Molesworth in an action brought by Mr. W. G. Sprigg and Mr. W. M'Evoy to compel the T-nghih, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank to carry out an agreement for the pur chu » by the defendants of some land in ^n ' _ street The deiendants had on tho 1-th uf August, I-SJ, agreed to purchase trom the plaintiffs three houses in Buurke-street, Nos. 137, 139, and 111, the price to be paid as purchase money being ±,17,000 '1 he defen- dants were to pay£-Odeposit and the balance within 21 dajB, and the plaintiffs were to give possession within tnat time of two ot the buildings which adjoined each other. The defendants wanted the buildings in order to establish a branch bank. The plaintifis alleged that the delay in completing the title was caused by an objection ot the defendants against the title of the plaintiffs to a portion ot the property, which objection to the title the defendants subsequently abandoned. The plaintiffs were unable to give actual possession of the propertj at the time mentioned m the agreement, and the defendants contended that they had in con- sequence a right to rescind the bargain. Mr. Justice Molesworth agreed with the defen- dants, and dismissed the action. The plain- tiffs appealed to the Full Court, which yester- day decided that Mr. Justice Molesworth was right, and dismissed the appeal, with costs His Honour Mr Justice \V ebb will preside m the Equity Court on Monday. The cases on the list to be disposed of by him arc Lindsay v. tittcliu, Block t. Kelson, Dickte v. O'Cullaijhau, Watton v. Watson, Perrin v. licynoldx. Annand v. Annand, Taylor ti. the Land Mo) tgage Hani, Turnbull v. (Jaie*. The arrangements for the examination of candidates for admission as uttornejs nre that the examinations will commence on Monda.-, at the Law Institute rooms in the new Law Courts. The times arran_ed for examination on the different sub- jects are :-On Mondaj, from 10 to 12 o'clock on real property und conveyancing, from 12 to 2 criminal law, from 2 to 4 insolvency and Admiralty law ; on Tuesday, from 10 to 12 o'clock equity and ecclesiastical law, from 12 to 2 constitutional law, from 2 to 4 practice in the inferior courts, on Wedueaduj, from 10 lo 12 common and statute law, from 12 to 2 practice of tim Supreme Court Hie Ma) sittings of the Melbourne General Gem ral Sessions were concluded )esterdas, before nis Honor Tudge W orthington Sen tences were passed upon prisoners convicted during the sittings Michael 0 Grad), who was found guilty of a common assault, w as sentenced to one month s imprisonment, James Church for unlawfully wounding his sister, was sentenced to be im prisoned for two years with hard labour the first week in the second month to be passed in solitary confinement, George I Henry lorstcr, for forging nnd uttering was sentenced to 12 months imprisonment, Joseph Purflett for feloniously receiving was sentenced to three )enrs imprisonment with hard labour the first week in the second month to be passed in solitary confinement, Ida Tisbv for stealing a ring, was sen ten e I t be impr soiled for two calen dur months In passing sentence upon the last named prisoner, his Honour said th it ho concurred in the recommendation to mercy made by the jur), and felt justified in passing a luht sentence No doubt the pn soner s love of finery was the cause of her present disgrace, and ho trusted that she would not) leid to similar temptation again Upon hearing the sentence the prisoner minted m the dock At the W arrnambool Assize Court yester da>, before Mr Justice Holrojd, Samuel M Curdy Greer, who was agent of the Union Bank of Australia m Portland, and who was arrested in Ireland, pleaded guilty to two charges of embezzling monies, the property of the bank Archdeacon Allnutt gave evidence respecting Greers good elia racter prior to the commission of the offence Ho saul Greer had for sK )ears been a constant attendant at church and that be was held in high esteem by all classes m Portland, but lie expressed the belief that there was a taint of insanity in the prisoner s familv and he gav e his opinion also that the prisoners salary had been miserabl) inadequate. 1 hearchdeacon further brought under His Honours attention the fact that Greer bud a delicate wife and three little children His Honour in passing sentence said that in view of the pn soner s prev lous fcood character and of his having airead) spent some time m prison he would millet the lightest sentence the law allowed, vi-, that of l8 months imprisonment on each charge with hard labour John Thomas Warren, a music teacher, who was found guilty of marrying Jessie Crawford Stewart au heiress and a minor, without the consent of her parents was sentenced to imprison ment with hard labour for six weeks. An alleged case of imposition on charitable persons was brought under the notice of the Mayor of Melbourne yesterday, by Sergeant Bell of Richmond. For some time past a clerk named Henry Wrixon Arthur Daly, aged 27 has been canvassing Richmond for sub- scriptions to the Heytesbury Forest Fire Relief Fund. He produced to each person to whom he made application for money a subscription list form and a letter purporting to be written by the Mayor of Melbourne, urging persons to assist the fund. These, he said had been sent to him from the Town-hall. One person on whom he called doubted his bona fides, and told Daly that he did not believe that he was authorised to collect for the fund. Daly there- upon invited the individual to go with him to the Richmond watchhouse, where his honesty could be ascertained. At the watch- house Daly was detained until Sergeant Bell called on the Mayor, and learnt that the money which he had collected had been got by false pretences. The subscription list showed that Daly had received altogether nearly £10. He was then formally arrested and removed to the Melbourne Gaol. It is proclaimed in the Government Gazette that public and bank half-holidays will be observed on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday next week at Warrnambool. A new style of illuminator, the Hitchcock kerosene lamp, an American invention, is being tested in one of the saloon carriages on the St. Kilda line with a view to deter- mine its suitability or otherwise for lighting railway carriages. Among the advantages claimed for this lamp are that it gives a bright, clear steady light, is smokeless, emits no smell, is economical in its consumption of oil, and will not explode. No globe is used, the draught required to deliver sufficient oxygen at the point of consumption being created by a noiseless fan, driven by clock- work fixed in the base of the lamp His Excellency the Governor and Lady Loch granted an interview yesterday to the secretary (Mr Lake) of the Chair of Music concert in aid of the Ormond Scholarship i und in reference to its postponement. Ills ] xcellency and Lady Loch expressed strong interest in the object of the concert, and a desire to bo personally present at it, which they could not have been had it been held to night, as at first intended A choice of two dates was offered bj them to the Beere tarv, \vr , May 2") or Jane 5, and at a com mutee meeting held m the afternoon, it was decided to fix upon Saturdaj, June 5, for the event Meanwhile, at the suggestion of Lady Loch (who has kindly promised her in lluence in the matter) a ladies committee will be formed to assist in the dis posai of the tickets, lhe price of ad mission has been fixed at 7s. Gd , or ono guinea for a family ticket to ndmit three, and the plan for reserved seats will be opened at Messrs Allan and Co s on Saturday wee!, a fortnight before the concert, 'lhe tickets will bo on sale next lhursday, and those already sold will be still available At the German Club house m Collins place, a large audience was present by invita- tion last night, when a musical entertain- ment was given of a remarkably choice kind. Herr Heinrich Kohler, the pianist whose recent public performances have been so greatly enjoyed, pla) ed the andante and finale from the E flat Concerto of Beethoven, the larghetto from the F minor Concerto of Chopin, and an elaborate "Cadenz for piano by Grieg Herr C. Reimers, with Herr Kohler at the pianoforte, played Mendelssohn's Variations in D fiat for v io loncello Madame Pmschof-Wiedermann sang songs by Jensen and 'taubert, and took part with Herrn Himmcr and Härtung in the trio "Euch werde Dank," from the opera "Fidelio," the two gentlemen last named contributed songs und selections from new operas, and a quurtet party of gentlemen, con ducted by Herr Härtung, supplied the part Bulging The programme was thus a rich and varied one, and a delightful evening was passed by those who were present. Miss Alice Sydney Burvett, who is known ns an Australian pianiste of distinction, an- nounces in another column that she will give a farewell concert in the Athenäum hall on 1 iiesduy evening, May 11, prior to her final departure from Melbourne "Iolanthe" is attracting large houses to the Theatre Rojnl, and the efforts of the various pertormers meet with the highest approval Mr Frank 1 hornton ns the Lord Chancellor, Miss Nellie Stewart as Phyllis, and those sustaining the other leading parts, have nightly met with the most cordial reception " Iolanthe " is to be repeated till iurther notice. There has not been the slightest falling off in the attendance at the Opera house, where thecomicopera"Falka"isstillboingperformed with conspicuous success The principal performers have perfected themselves in the representation of their parts, and the scenic effects appear to be highly appreciated. The historical drama, "Elizabeth, Queen of England,' has been presented at the BIJOU T heatre to large audiences during the week, and will be continued until further notice. 1 he Amy Horton Burlesque Company has been performing " Doctor EaustuB " with success to good houses, at St George's Hall, during the lost three evenings, and the same burlesque will be presented this even- ing und during the coming week. At the Victoria hall last evening, Hugo's Buffalo Minstrels closed a huhly successful season of Ob nights by tendering a compli- mentary benefit to the principal of the com- pany, Mr. Chas. W. Hugo. A speciul pro- gramme was satisfactorily earned out before a full house "East Lynne" has been occupying the stage st the Nugget T heatre during the last few evenings, the leading part being ably sustained by Miss Helen lergus. This even- ing Miss Kosulre, a comedienne, will make her debut in a farcical comedy, written by Octave Freullett, entitled "Xantippe ' The following programme vvdi be plajcd at the Town hall organ recital this evening - Overture, " Zanetta, ' Auber , waltz, " Car lotta,' from opera of ' Gosparone ' (new), Millocker, opera selection, "The Pirates of Penzance," Sulhvun, gavotte, "The Stephanie ' (by request), Czibulka, march, "The Matrosen ' (new), Sappe lmale, National Anthem Among the property sales advertised for thi9 afternoon, and which we are requested to call attention to, are the following -Bj Messrs. C I and 1 nam, allotments at Camberwell, fronting Prospect-lull, Rivers dale and 1 ermanagh. roads, by Messrs G D Langridge and Son, cottage property at Collingwood , by Mr Louis G Wilkinson, properties at Caulfield and Armadule , by Messrs. G W lajlir and Co allotments Gowerville, South Preston by Mr J Bellin, allotment. Icmpernnco township, Ascot vale , bj Mr \\\ lev ers, jim , ulla property in .South BrunBvvick. In the list of candidates published in The Argus of Maj 3 upon whom degrees were conferred at the annual commencement of the Melbourne University the name of 1 homos Itosebj, who obtained the degree of Doctor of Laws (ad cunden J w as omitted Hie Rev Robert Scott recentlj of Chalmers Church, will preach in the West Melbourne Presbj terian Church to morrow evening Tho programme provided for this even inga Peoples Concert in the Temperance hall i° advertised Mr Robort Kenne ly nnnounces by ad\er tisement that he will give a series of his entertainments in the subtirb-, commencing at Kew on 1 uesdaj next It is advertised that the Thauma mjstery will be exposed at OG Bourke street east to dav and Mondaj Mr Walter Lanslej, manager ot the Prahran branch of the Bank of Victoria, who is about to pay a visit to J urope was pre scnted on Wednesday evening at the George Hotel, with an illuminated address and a purse of 100 sovereigns. About 80gentlemen were present lhe presentation was made by Mr S Willis A lecture on nursing was delivered on Tri day afternoon nt the Alfred Hospital by Dr Rothwell Adam lhe subject chosen was "Hie structure of the human skeleton Besides the nursing staff and pupil9 in train ing there were about 20 lady v îsitors pre sent It is announced by advertisement that a performance of "The Two Roses will bo given at the Church of Lngland Grammar School St Kilda road, on May l8 and 19, the entertainments being in aid of the funda tor the school boathouse lately erected in Albert pari Hie large steamer A letona is advertised to leave bjdney on or about the 25th inst for Derbj, King bound, direct It is notified that this vessel will afford those who desire to go to the Kimberlej goldfields excellent lacilities for taking horses with them. An advertibPmcnt appears in '¡he Argus ot to day intimating the withdrawal of Sir John Limerick ns a candidate at the election of memben of the board of advice for the school (I -tiict ot St Kilda, No. 51 lhe Bishop of Madagascar will preach at St Johns Cliureh, Toorak, to morrow morn ing A portrait on porcelain of the Into Miss Oriental Sutherland Dav les, from the studio of Messrs. Johnstone mid Obhunness), was )esterd») presented by the officers,of the telegraph department to the sister of the dece îseil lad), Miss Annie Sutherland-Dav les, of South Yarra, m token ot the esteem entertained by the '- lies and gentlemen of that branch of ti- lbhc service for her sister, whose death .. burning on the ISth 1 ebruary last was recorded in these columns lhe deceased )oung lady had served in tho Central Electric lelegraoh ollice for several years as an operator I meeting of the friends of Captain John M'Lean, late commander of the s.S. Vic tonan, was held at Scott's Hotel jesterday afternoon le was resolved to present Cap tain M Lean with n testimonial prior to his departure for England on the 17th May, and those present formed themselves into a com mittee, with power to add to their number, to carry out the object of the meeting Mr E S Parkes was appointed bon treasurer, and Mr A C Macdonald bon secretary A large sam was subscribed in the room The committee a"reed to meet on Wednesda), at 4 p ra , at the office ot the Union Steamship Company of New Zealand, Collins street west. Meantime subscription hats will he at the banks, shipping offices, V.C. The following is the report of the L)ing in Hospital and Hospital for Diseases of Wornt n and Children tor the week ending May 0 -patients in hospital 37, admitted during the week 20, discharged 10, remuiuing m hospital 42, total number of out patients for the week, 101), new cases, 31 