THE NOTE TAKER AT THE FEDERAL COT/NCIL, From the. Melbourne Evening Herald of Saturday last we copy the following rather sarcastic and decidedly peculiar impressions of the reception of Australian delegates and opening of the Federal Council Watching the first beat of a nation's pulse, or, in other words, breeding at the accouchement of the qiant Jliild born of fair Tasmania, is the present occupation of the delegates. The reception at t.auuceston was not embarrassing, and the enthusiasm evinced not suffocating. About a hundred and twenty-three people bade welcome on the wharf, but determinedly forbore to cheer. Representatives of the Government received the delegates, and bore them triumphantly to the Brisbane where they were bathed and lunched. First mem.: Capital cabs here ; wish we could import them to Melbourne—without the drivers, Next 6tage, special carriage in train; stoppage for refteshments at wayside rooms Sandwiches, with tea or coffee, Is. Surrounded heap of tnem. Air exhilarav ing, and fine tonic to appetite. Dandelion Ale everywhere advertised and advised. Jlem, ; Do all females in Tasmania wear prunella boots? Third stage, Hobart railway station. Air and politicians equally balmy. Giantlike Burgess and grizzled Douglas; reception committeo elegant in person, affable in manners, and handsome to behold. Mem. : Are Tasmanians as intellectually jigantic as they are physically 1 At the Sydney Convention their two men weighed down three others, iucludiug Kerlerd. Happy thought 1 Forgot Kerferd hadn't his wig tl.en. Satui-dsy mornirg, air balmy, sky bine; milk isn't. Nobody asks have you seen our beautiful harbor; but everyone catches you by the arm and remarks, " Gome and take a drink. Have you been up Mount Wellington ?" Public-houses here are numerically in exact ratio with hospitality of people. Landlords won't let you buy a drink. Will shout, and drag you in for the purpose. About twenty publics to the acre in ihe eity. Mem. : Swear you only drink colonial wine. They don't make it here. Three pairs of kid boots (feminine), and one pair of shoes (sixes) observed. Rich cloth and prunella. Ladies here don't measure their feet by inches, plain, generally ot materials ; few silks, none broche ; little jewellery ; shilling hats popular. Happy thought! Just the place to find an economical wife. Friends in Council. Some rather unfriendly. Conclave, secret. Dispute over the presidentship. Griffith and Douglas unexpected candidates. " Launceston Examiner " tips " the old 'nn " straight out, and says Council intends to take things easily, end won't sit until half-past two each day. Hobart " Mercury " patronises Council, but on reflection admits that yet it may after all do some good. Thirty-five minutes past twelve.—Conspirators adjourned. Mr Service's face beaming brighter than the sun, which is just winking at Mount Wellington. Has just been elected President by one vote. Wouldn't say anything about it for the world. Cautious diplomatist. Delegates drive to Government House, lunch with Governor. Sir George C. Strahan drives them round naturally to the Cascade Brewery first. Tasmanian practice—commence everything by taking a drink. Sir George is a widower, Mem. : See who it was defined widower as one that runs after the widows. Sunday.—Festivities and preparation of President's speech. H non-road in a fourin-Iiand drag ; rather jolly to drive on; splendid niouuthin scenery, cascades, wuU ifalls, rivulets, and small trout. Bise fifteen hundred feet in seven miles. Monday, Legislative Council Chamber. Handsome room, but low ; nicely papered and gilded, more ship-sbope than our own One portrait Queen, copy Winterhalter's picture superintending. Date file ornamenting panels opposite President, and curved sofas instead of benches, brass telescopic-looking rings forming enclosure; old English letter-carrier's bigs, brown leather, liniig on them to receive corresl>ondence. Prei-idem's ga'lery atone end, p,ess at the other ; luxurious accorLtnada- | tion provided for intercolonial Press on t the floor. More hospitality. Have to say | on]y drink colonial wine live times an hour. No getting beyond that; there's not a drop in the island, though in some espects it is a " tight " litttle island. Delegates diop in. Adye Douglas, Premier Tasmania, aged, white-haired, but well preserved successful solicitor, and head of a sort of semi-coalition Government j contemplates going home as Agent- General, und is therefore enrolled amongst the three ghosts. Near him J. S. Dodds, Attorney-General, clever barrister, reputed able speaker, though a trifle lazy. Between them S. W. Griffith, Queensland Premier, the youngest present, an able, clear speaker, . with pronounced views, but com . manding respect and attention. Evidently on friendly terms with Mr Berry, with whom he has many characterietics in comnion. Opposite, J. R. Dickson, Queonshind's emergency man, a fair speaker, but inclined to t-uke narrow views of broad questions, and 10 express them defiantly likely to prove an awkward man to get along with, Next hinj, L<v Steere, Vfest. em Australia, gentlemanly, but rcllocnt, evidently cultivated, but apparently diffident. Next him, Mr Servioe,- looking anxiouB, and Mr Berry, In lhe corner, composed and felf- reliant. Opposite, Dr. McGregor, Fiji, the man of promise, who is expectcd to cut a figure in debatej hardheaded, practioal-minaed, shrewd and farseeing. TheBe are the eight to whom tbe question of whether the Federal Council is to grow into a power or hopelessly sunder the colonies for years is entrusted, Next business, election of President, The rejected candidates move the nomination of Mr Service j he submits himself, and is conducted to the chair without question being put. For the first time in his later political career he reads his address, to the joy of the representatives of the morning papers, who know that they "will not have t<? take notes and transcribe them! ' Speech prudent, well considered, end without any taint of spread-eagleism, Murmur of applause when it is concluded, and Council adjourns, Tuesday, day of pageant. About three hundred people, inclusive of army of small boys, around front of chamber. Military honors accorded, guard of honor and square of policemen, half standing at ease and half at attention. Number of ladies in Council Chamber, all very quietly dressed, Few silks visible, hats of straw with plain I flowers, and occasionally in materials of silk and velvet, with feathers. Little jewellery worn. Dresses simply draped with little trimming, all short walking costumes generally in economical materials. Nothing gaudy, no pronounced colors. Tone of the scene subdued, Entrai ce of Governor in morning costume. Black frock coat, light continuations, lavender gloves, star of Michael and St. George. Short speech, remarkable as firet one delivered by any Governor for many years without the concurrence of his Ministers. Small military stall depart with customary " Swank." Council adjourns, to meet in afternoon to consider address in reply. Debate on address quiet, conducted in conciliatory and concessionary tone. Messrs Griffith and Berry at once to fors as the best speakers. Mr Griffith calm and subdued, and with a speech which, though throughout scorcely rose to the level of the occasion, Mr Berry ditto, the rest nowhere. Misunderstanding between Douglas and Dodds, Tasmania, as to who should spenk first results on question being put, after long pause, and the voice of Tasmania remaining unheard. Tasmanians next day much chagrined. Say, " What can you expect from men like ™e hare here 1" [To BE CONTINUED.] 