C1MIOLA; A GIRL WITH A FORTUNE. by justin McCarthy, Author of "Miss Misanthrope," "Maidjof Athens," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXXIII.—Spectral Illusions. Caniiola was preparing hastily in her own mind quite an eloquent and impressive, while, at the same time, highly politic and ingenious little speech in reply to Fitzurse's invitation. She intended to appeal to him on behalf of Janette and of himself, to try to bring him to a sense of the foolishness as well as the ingrati tude of the part he was playing, and at the same time to evade all admission of any mean ing in his style of compliment to herself. She would not condescend to acknowledge that she believed there was any sinister intent in his words of compliment, or to notice them as compliment at all. We do not know what effect the eloquence and ingenuity of the speech might have produced on Walter if it had been spoken, but it was not spoken. Mrs. Pollen coming out of the house interrupted the con versation. Camiola had been waiting for Mrs. Pollen, who was to return to town for the evening; she had been wandering, a3 we have said, pur poseless on the lawn while Mrs. Pollen was making her preparations. "Oh! you are here," Mr3. Pollen said, in not too gracious recognition of Walter's presence. " I didn't expect to see you on. this side of the water. How did you tear yourself away from the fascinations of the We3tEnd? How are all the countesses and marchionesses ? How will they get on without you ?" Ktzurae smiled a rather feeble sort of smile. He did not like to be chaffed, especially before a pretty girl. '' I don't know. We are net much acquainted with marchionesses and countesses; we are very quiet people. '• Well ? who are we ?" " Well, Janette and I, of course." " To be sure. I had quite forgotten Janette." This was said with a significance, which made Walter turn pale. He could not afford to k>36 his temper with Mrs. Pollen, or he would then have lost his temper most assuredly. What Mrs. Pollen meant him to understand was: "I had forgotten to think of Janette as a being inseparable from you." He quite understood her meaning. "Well, how is Janette, as yoii have mentioned her." "She is very well, thank you." " Camiola dear, we are going directly. Will , you get your things on ?" Camiola disappeared j into the house, glad to escape, yet feeling as if i she ought to have delivered her speech. "You couldn't guess perhaps why I came ■, over to Eitzurse House so soon," Walter said, ! with a desperate attempt to seem at his ease, if the attempt had not been so evidently made J Mrs. Pollen might perhaps not have known j quite so quickly that he was not at his ease. t " I dare say I could guess if I tried. Shall I try ?" " If you please. I should be curious to know if you really could guess." "By the way, I don't gues3, in that sense of the word; in your sense; I never could guess anything in that way; I see things and I draw conclusions. Well, suppose I say that you came over to see about my Albanian Joseph ?" This was a bold shot of Mrs. Pollen's ; but its very boldness would in any case have served her purpose. If Walter had not_ been thinking of Joseph the mere mention of his name would convey to him the idea that in Mrs. Pollen's mind there was some reason why'he should be thinking of Joseph, and thus set his alarms all going once again. If on the other hand he had come to ask something about Joseph, the correctness of her conclusions could not but impiess him. It did impress him; Mrs. Pollen was right; he had come in the hope to find out something about Joseph. Joseph was his spectre; Joseph unseen was even worse than Joseph seen. A great actor produced a fine effect in "Hamlet" by making Hamlet after he has first seen the ghost glance round him with uneasy eyes every other moment, expecting the awful presence again, and disturbed by the absence not less than by the apparition. Walter's mind was thus wrought on by the absence of the Albanian, Joseph was absent indeed for this moment; but when might he not be present again and for what purpose ? Mrs. Pollen, it must be owned, found a cer tain unchristian pleasure in observing and working upon Walter's feelings and his fears. She had been hearing bad stories about him in the West End lately, and she was becoming pitiless so far as he was concerned, while very pitiful indeed for Janette. "Yes; it was about Joseph," Pitzurse answered with seeming carelessness. He was becoming master of himself. "The fact is I understood from you that you did not feel quite certain about keeping him on; and I was talking to some men, and I didn't know if I might not be in the way of placing him well, if you would like to have him placed here in London." " Would you think of employing him your self 2" she uasked, and she fixed her eyes on him. "I? Oh, well—I couldn't afford, you know —why do you ask ?" "If you could take him into your service, it might not be a bad thing. Joseph is a peculiar sort of person; heis very faithful to his master; he has all the devotion of the wolfdog or the bloodhouhd. If I had committed a murder— or tried to commit one—I should feel perfectly safe in letting Joseph know all about it —so long as he was in my service. But I should try not to lose him if he had such a secret of mine in his keep ing. He has some capital qualities—that is why I think it might not be half a bad thing if you were to employ him—always supposing he would have you as a master. He might not perhaps." Mrs. Pollen must have been far less keen sighted than she was if she had not noted the effect which her words, sent as a mere shot in the darkness, wrought on their victim. Walter turned a livid pale and positively trembled. His eyes were lit by a blue light of fear, and anger, and something like hate. " What on earth can this be?" Mrs. Pollen meanwhile was asking of her own mind. " He can't have been doing any murder, surely? He can't have been trying to kill somebody ? . Yet I have certainly made a hit in that direction." "Mrs. Pollen, I really don't understand you; I won't even pretend to understand you." "Don't you? Pretend, if you can, not to understand me! There—I should like to see you do that. Just look me straight in the face and say you don't understand me; that you have not the least idea of what I mean. That will do. You would never make a decent amateur actor; you would never be as good as Bertie Itomont at that sort of business either." Walter started at the mention of Bomont's name. "Bertie Komont is a very good amateur actor," she went on. "I couldn't get things out of him as easily as I can out of you. So then he knows all about it too ? We are quite a partic carree—you and I, and Joseph and Komont! Well, if a secret confided to three persons besides him whom it specially concerns can be kept for ever the world is growing le3s communicative than it used to be in my younger days, and the reeds now would never blab the secret of King Midas! You want to know, I suppose, why I have brought all this up just now ? He only nodded his head—he was quite over mastered for the moment. "I'll tell you. I have been hearing bad tales about you. I don't know that your wife complains of you as yet, but she has reason to complain. Now, mind; I told you before that your love—I mean your love for Janette— would be the best title of your ambition to success. We have given you an amnesty for the past, some of us who know; but it is con ditional, not absolute. Don't provoke us, and everything may go on well with you still. But remember, the amnesty is conditional, and there are three people as well as yourself in the secret—there; that will do for the present. I am sorry we have to return to town so quickly, Miss Sabine and I; Miss Sabine is going to stay with me in town for the present. We shall see you, of course, and Janette? The carriage is ready, Camiola dear." Camiola had returned. As she said good bye to Walter she held his hand for one little second as if in a kind of mute appeal. She longed to make her little speech to him about Janette, to plead for Janette's happiness ; to warn him that he would do himself and her only harm if he set people thinking that he neglected her. But there was no chance to speak the little speech now, and perhaps after all she could do no good by speaking it. She took her hand away, and a moment after Walter found himself alone on the lawn of Fitzurse House in a condition of semi-stupe faction. Now if we might venture on the frivolity of asking any reader to play a sort of game with us, we should like to ask that reader what he or she thinks was the first distinct sensation in Walter Fitzurse's mind when he began to pull himself together and collect his ideas out of the muddle of mere stupefaction. If this story has at all succeeded in conveying a clear idea of Walter's nature, ways, and temperament, the answer ought to be easy. The first sensation of which he was conscious was the thought that Camiolahad taken leave of him with a peculiar pressure of the hand. The kindly, generous, self- forgetful impulse which moved her to give that half un conscious pressure, the impulse which trans lated into words would have said, " Oh, before it is too late—for her sake and your own sake; for those who love her, and for those who at least wish you well, take thought and do not throw away her love"—that impulse was for the moment wholly misunderstood by Fitzurse. To him it was evidence of a certain tender in terest in him. It was part of his creed that every woman, however well meaning and well brought up, loved praise, and even flattery, and was open to the influence of any words from any man which professed admiration and love. There are men who make it their creed that women are all turned out by nature on precisely the same pattern, like Nuremberg tin: soldiers; that know one and you know all; and that the touch of nature which makes the whole woman-world kin is sensibility to admi ration and to professions of love. Above every other feeling in his mind now there soared the exulting thought that he had made love to Camiola, and that Camiola had been touched by his words. That slight momentary pressure of the hand ma'de a bond of sentiment between them, he thought. His vanity was inflated, and soared with him into the very skies. He passed out of the gates of Fitzurse House. . Of course, as he walked along the sense of his danger came back on him. He could not doubt any longer that Mrs. Pollen knew his whole secret. Mrs. Pollen who, as she drove off with Camiola. was unusually silent, perplex ing hereelf with conjectures as to what Walter could possibly have done, or tried to do, which made him so much affrighted when the dial which spoke not "made shrewd sign and pointed full upon the stroke of murder." Well, he must be more careful for the future. It was clear that he was safe in Mrs. Pollen's hands so long as he was properly loving and attentive to Janette; and he would be properly loving and attentive to Janette for the future. Joseph of course was a danger; but somehow he fancied that Mrs. Pollen meant to convey the idea that she could keep Joseph safely iu hand if only he, Walter, did not provoke her wrath against him. After all, what was it that could be brought against him? He had not done any murder; a sudden act of paBsion ending in nothing could not come to much even if brought against him. He had not stolen any money; it was only at the very worst an inference that he had ever in tended to steal; and he knew that he never had any such intention; he always meant to pay back the money again. He was becoming cheered and consoled in mind. Oh, yes, it would be all right. He would return to hi3 devotion for dear, sweet Janette, who loved him so; he would absolutely get out of the flirtation with Lady Pallas; evidently Mrs. Pollen had been hearing of that; that was what she meant by the bad tales people had been telling her, and by her allusion to coun tesses and marchionesses. He would be very attentive to Janette for the future; and in his mind there was the sweetening thought that after all Camiola Sabine would be a good deal with Janette now that she was going over to London to stay with Mrs. Pollen. Things began to look brighter and better for our young self- elected representative of the illus trious house of Eitzurse. It was a beautiful evening, too, as he walked along meditating. The flirtation with Lady Pallas was a V6ry harmless piece of business so far as Lady Pallas herself was concerned. There was in Lady Pallas's mind no thought of harm, in the ordinary sense of the word. Scandal had never breathed a doubt of the purity of Lady Pallas's reputation. _ Only there can be an immense amount of pain wrought and evil done by ladies on whose moral character taint of suspicion has never fallen. Hearts may be broken and homes made unhappy by such ladies. Lady Pallas was the wife of the Earl of Pallas, a distinguished diplomatist, who had married somewhat late in life. Lady Pallas liked to be talked of, and she liked to have men about her who were talked of, and she had taken very much to Walter Eitzurse after his romantic marriage. She was very friendly with Janette, and was amused by Janette's theories of life and her adoration of her husband, and Lady Pallas thought it would be good fun to make a victim of Walter, and show him off as her victim. She was still young, and handsome, and attractive, and poor Walter felt all the devotion of his nature pour out to handsome women of rank. So he let Lady Pallas make a fool of him while think ing in his own mind that he was a very splendid figure in society; and Janette was already beginning to suffer and to let her suffering be seen, which gratified Lady Pallas immensely. 