SATURDAYS CRICKET. PARLIAJIE>T V. PRESS. Tho roturn match between the Parliamentary and Press teams took placo on tho Hamilton grounds, and on this occasion the Pressmen succeeded in completely t urning the tables on their opponents The Parliamentary team batted first to tho howling of Uasolhurst and Gleeson, on a wicket which waa rendered a trifle heavy by tho lato rams roxton and A H Wilson woro tho only mon who mado any thing like a stand against the bowling the former being in about an hour and a half for 8, and the latter, who has a regular " stone walling" style, putting togethei 7 The in nings closed for 27 The Press team followed, and put up 3D , Gleet on 11 Lowis 9, and Taudcvin 7, being tho only scorca worth noting Toxton and Donaldson bowled through the innings Tho Parliamentary team, with only 8 to the bad, went in for thoir second innings, hut a^ain failed to mnko a stand, with tho exception of Moreton, who rattled up 12 not out, the innings cloamg for 20 With only 13 to get to win, tho Pressmen followed, and obtained tho runs necessary with the loss of only oso wicket, the not out men Lewis (Courier) and Burrows (Sportsman) making 5 and 7 respectively The only sundries in the match wero somo four leg bjea obtained by tho members of Parliament in their first, innings Thero was a largo attendanco at the match, and tho teams lunched at the Hamilton Hoto), where Mr and Mrs Harrison as usual, had provided an excellent spread Some of the members of tho Proas team who had boen soloctcd and had agreed to play failed to turn up or send any explanation of their conduct Tho following aro the detailed scorca - PARLIAMENTARY TE \M First Innlnga Stcond luringa Hon A H Wilson c Lowia b Haselhurat 7 b Ha elhurst 0 J Donaldson o BUb b Glee-son 3 h Olecaon 1 J F G Foxton b Gleeson 8 b II aolhurBt 4 lion B B Moioton c sub , b Uasolhurst 0 not cut 12 W Smyth hw b Hasel hurst 0 b Qloeson 1 Hon H C Wood b Haaelhurat _ 0 run out 0 R Philp b Haselhurat 4 tt fluirows b Gleeson 1 8 W Brooks, o Ha«ol o carmichael hurst b Gloeson 1 b G oeson 0 W V Brown b Hasel o CasBon b hurst 0 Gloeson 0 J S Jessop not out 0 o Hatolhuret b Gleeson 1 W Kollett b HaEolhurtt 0 Total- 27 Total 20 Grand total 17 BOWLING ANALYSIS First Innings Balls M overs Runs Wkts Uasolhurst _ 78 5 11 0 Gleeaon 73 1 12 3 Sooond Innings Hasolhurat 37 1 10 3 Gloeson 42 0 10 0 PRESS TSAM First Inninga Second Innlnga W Carmlchaol st Mora ton b Donaldson 0 J CaBflin b Donaldson 4 \- Gleeson b Foxton 11 SponcorBrowno o loxton b Don Udson 0 J R H Lowls o Smyth b Foxton 9 not out 5 W Haaelhurat b Donald son B Taudovin how Donaldson Burrowoa i un out I Sanderson run out Wallace not out 3 b roxton b 7 1 not ont . 0 0 Total 35 Total Grand total 60 Donaldson Foxton BOWLING ANALYSIS First Innlugs Bails M overs Rano 33 0 l'J 3G 1 J.G Donaldson Foxton Second Innings 9 0 in 12 0 3 Tho Press team thus won by mno wiokets SLNIOR CRICKET FIRST BRISHVNES V Tutsi AL"3IONJ This contest was resumed in the Queen'» Park on Saturday aftornoon Tho wicket was in n, heavy condition after the rain and all in favour of tho bowlers When play ceased on the first day, it will ho remembered, the result stood thus - Albions, 31, and no wickets for 10 r Brisbanes G1 After considerable delay in starting, the Briabano team entered tho held closely followed by G Warry and Jj Hcalion tho Albion batsmen, not out from tho first elay Warry went tho first ball ho received from lloyd and did not increase his scoie of 5 One for 10 F Osborne followed, and at 14 Hcalion was glvon out leg before wicket He, too, had not added to his score of 5 Two for 14 F Osborno remained till tbo scoro stood at 23, when ho was bowled by Wright for-k Stanfield and A Osborne mado a good stand and 12 runs wero added without a separation, and both batsmen looked liko staying when tho former was given out "hitwicliot, the bail being removed Tho batsman did not like the decision of the umpire, but no doubt tho latter carefatly weighed the matter before giving the verdict Six out for lo Maitland joined Osborne, and 40 appeared, when 1 loyd bowled Osborne for a carefully compiled 10 Ho favo one difficult chanco to Ashby m slips beforo ha scored Martian 1 aftermakingGwasalsobowled by Floyd Tho innings closed for 43 This lofrfc tho Brisbanes li runs to Make to win the match, and J Leeson, and John Goddes wero fir3t sont in Crash went Lccson's wickot with Ifrcd Osbornes fourth ball Ono for/ 0 James Geddes joined his brother, made L and was caught by 1 Osborne oi Maitland Two for 1 Wright followed, but Maitland gave him one which beat him, and thrco out for 1 was announced amidst considerable oscitc ment R Clancy followed, and John Geddes gave a chanco to A Osborne at mid o S off his brothers bowling, which waa declined Slowly the score was carried to 7, when Geddes was splendidly caught in cover point direction by Gregory off Osborne lour for 7 W. Whalley failed tho breach, put bia leg whero his bat should havo been, and Osborne appealed The umpire said *' Out ' ' 1 ivo out fon 7 Still i runo-to make when Bloyd partnered Clancy The latter hit Maitland to leg for a omglo then 1 lOjtd drove the same bowler to tho off and the stroke which was not worth more than 2 wa3 mado 1 owing to somo misunderstanding on the part of the field Probably the evciteraont of tho moment had something to do with it, for had the ball reached the wicket keenan anstead of being unintentionally impeded tHs Brisbanes would havo lost another wickot As it was they won by hvo wickots and h aun, after a splendid struggle on the part of their oppo nenta to wrench victory out o5 thoir grasp The following is tho scoro - ALUIOCS First Innlxgs 31 Second Iuniajo, O Warrj b Floyd 5 J Hollion I b w b Wright 5 F Osborno b Wright 5 P Mullen b Wright 1 A 1C Towner b Wrigljt 3 G Stanlloldhow txiloyd 1 A Osborno b Floyd 10 W Maitland b Floyd 5 D. Gregory b Floyd 0 It Savvj or not out 1 A H Robor B h O.W. b Floyd 1 Snndties « 3 Total ~ "13 BRISHANES First Innings . G1 beoond Innings J Leeson b F Osborno 0 John Geddos c Gregory b F Osborno 3 James (li ddes o F Osborne b Maitland 1 A Wright b Maitland 0 R Clancy not out 1 \A A\ ha loy 1 b w ti, F Osborno 0 Ki Floyd not out 3 Flvofor It BOWLING ANALYSIS.-Against Albions, second ' innings : J. Ashby, 12 balls. 8 runs: A. Wright, 51 balR l8 runs, 1 maldon over, I wlokots: K. Floyd, 10 balls, 11 runs, li wickets, AaaliiBt Brisbanes second innings: F. Usborne, 21 bills, ä runs, 1 malden over, 3 wickets ! W. Maitland, 21 ba la. G runs, 2 rthidon ovora, 2 wickets. JUNIOR ASSOCIATION MATCHES. WINDSOR V. ORIENTAL, The Windsor Cricket Club aro doterminod that thoy shall eirry everything beforo them amongst the juniors, and lead tho way as they did last season. On Siturday they treated the Orientals to an afternoon's leather hunting at Kedron Park, and ran up tho rospoctablo total of 137. W. Higati, despito a chance or two, was not dismiascd until he had mado 45. This player bids fair to carry off tho Hayes gold medal for highest individual score in the J.C.A., and also tho Association trophy for lwgest number of runs mado in the season. W. Fisher contributed 24, J. Moseley 14, H. Chapman, 12, A. Houghton 11, and W. Hoare 9. Tho Orientals gavo their opponents lu sundries. Bowling against the Windsors tho following averages wero obtained :-H. Matthews took two wickets for l8, J. Doolan ono for 26, 0. Geddes one for 14, G. Preoht two for l8, T. Smith four for 22, W. Nowall nono for 15, G. Thomas none for 0. There still being a little timo left for play tho Orientals com- menced their inniogs, and when tho stumps wero drawn they had scored 4 without the loss of a wicket, H, Matthews and G. Prccht being not out 1 and 3 respectively. The contest will bo continued next Saturday, when the Wind- sors should win easily. CARLTON V. GOODNA. Tho" Cariions journeyed to Goodna to keep their fixturo with the local club. Tho wickot was in splendid order, though perhaps a little heavy after the recent rains. Goodna went in first and mado 85. Morris played a fino in- nings, and did not give the ghost of a chance, except that which caused his dismissal, when ho had mado 39. Ho nearly managed to carry out bis bat, and was heartily cheered on rotiring. li, Ballard contributed 22, not out ; J, Martin made 11. The Oarltons then went in, but M'Hugh and Campbell wero a bit too warm for them, and IS waa tho result of the first inrings, Gower making !) of that number. Tho visitors had to follow thair innings and were a little more successful this time, reaching 38\. M'Callum made 10, Mant 0, and Gower 4. Goodna consequently won in ono innings and 20 runs. Bowling against Oarltons, first innings, M'Hugh secured the splondid averago of seven wickets for 2 runs ; Campbell got three for 15 M'Hugh performed the hat trick. In the second innings, M'Hugh captured thrro for 22, and Campbell fivo for 16, Against tho Goodna team, M'Callum was credited with two for 2, M. Wren, five for 21, and N. Sar- geant three for 31. SANDGATE ROVERS V. ETON SCHOOL. This Junior Association fixture was duly played at Sandgate and resulted in an easy win for the former, who defeated their opponents by one innings and 22 runs. The school do not seem to take advantage of the odd number allowed them by the association, which is to be regretted. The School team were the first to bat, but with the exception of W. Widdop, who made 15, none of the rest did much, and 24 was the result of the first innings. Massey took seven wickets for 11 runs, and Russell two for 13. Sandgate hit up 61 runs in their first innings. Of this number Russell made 28, McLean 10, D. Collins 6, P, Carver 5, and Lloyd 5, not out. T. Widdop took four for 15, E. Chancellor four for 9, G. Graham two for 17, W. Widdop none for 9. The bowling analysis of the School is slightly incorrect. The School were got rid of for 15 runs in their second innings, W. Widdop making 6 run out, and Skinner 6, bowled. Massey got three for 8 and Russell six for 7. There were no sundries on either side. SECOND ALBIONS v. EXCELSIORS This contest which was commenced at Mayno on the 13 th instant, and was to havo boen re- sumed last Saturday, had to bo abandoned owing to tho wet Btato of the ground. This was unfortunate for tho Albions, as it gavo them no chares of endeavouring to get the botter of their opponents, and according to the rules of the association tho match was de- cided on the firat innings, which loft the Ex- celsiors victors by 2Sruns. Tho scores were: -Excelsiors, 49 and two for 9 ; Second Albions, 96, OAKFIELDS V. BLACKALLS. This event was brought to a conclusion at Albert Park, on Saturday, and, as anticipated, resulted in an easy win for tho former club, Whon tho stumps wero drawn on tho first day, it will bo romombered, the result stood thus : Blackalls 21, and four for 2-1 ; Oakfields, 76. Tho Blackalls continued their second innincs on Saturday, and increased their acoro from 24 to 55, thus bringing themselves level with their opponents' first innings. P. Andorton batted woll for 15, and Powell mado 6. In this innings F. Trcgurtha got, soven wickots for 24, and E. Doran three for 26 Tho Oakfields had to go in a second timo to make tho required number to win. This waa done without tho loss of a wickot, tho batamen running 2 byes, and this landed thom the victors by ten wickets and 2 runs. PEMBROKE v. DINMORE.. Pembroke cut a sorry dash against their country cousins, who carno all the- way from Dinmore to Kedron Park. Tho men of Din- more were the tust to wield tho willow, and made 66, their last few wickots falling' rapidly. James Byrnes, however, was not to bo got rid of so easily, and he made 32 beforo be was caught. John Byrnes was run out aftnr con- tributing S. and his brother Tom was thrown out when 6. Next to thom came Sampson, with a carofully ployed 6, and Hudson, who made 5. Santry was rather roughly handled, for ho took two of the Dinmoro wickota-for 31. Stokes, who took two wickets for 3 *ans, should havo been tried much earlier. James Whito secured four for 29. A litt lo botte?-judgment ahould havo been exorcised in tho bowling. To tho wickota then went tho Pembroke» team, but thoy could not stand against the bowling of James Byrnes, and in a ahort space of time were sont to tho right-about for' 11. Byrnes got the capital average of seven wickots for 1 run. X>; ©alton ob- tained two for 10. Dinmoro then went in for their second innings, and- when tho stumps wero drawn had lost seven wickots for 73runs. Sampson was top sGorer with IO; J. Agnew made 17, James Byrne 16¡- Hudson S, and D. ^Dalton 7, Santry bowlctl best this innings. capturing four wickets for 15 ; John Whito got two for 21, James White ono for 11. and G. Stokes ono for 16. The game was de- cided by tho first innings. Tho defeated team, meet their adversarios again noxt month at Dinmore, whon thoy hope to turn tho tables. BULIMISA V. WlCKUVá&S.; Theso clubs commenced a two-days' ' engage-, ment at Bulimba, and the Wickhams evidently, meant to take it out of their opponents, for they brought Silvester (who, by tho way, ia a. member of their club, and occasionally played for them laat season) with there. The Wick, hams wore tho firat to bat, and mado 42;.Ji Bakey mado li, Silvester 7, and Baker 7 "not out. W.Orouch took sU wickots foï20.B. Port. 2 for 10, and G. Crouch, jun., two.for 4: Bulimba,, at the call of time, had eight wickets down for 34 runs Watson was reapoasible for IS; and Alfred Crouch Jor S. Silveoter.and Baker dicl> tho bowling, tho former securing, the most wickets. It ic- rumoursd the Wickhams dc.aot intend to continue kbe match, next Saturday for some reason or other. Ii that is tho caso tho association will Aavc to.acb in the matter. It is to bo hoped tho- club-in question will see the matwh to a finish. CANCELLER-MATCHES^ The nature-Second United Trades, (of Ipswich) v. Second lêxcolsiors waa canseHcd by mutcal consent. A match» botwean A Battery and Courier was set down-to bo slnyed at Kedron Park, but was also cancelled. CHAMBERS, BRUCE, AND M'NAB-. V.. BATH, Has MERSON, BAMTIIOLOMSW, AN». CO. Thp30 teams mo* at Kedron Park to try con- clusions. Tbo fotrocr went to.tho wickets firat and made 44. M'läill 21 not out, R. J. Leeper 11\. D. H, B. and Co., firat innings, 2-4 ; A. Cbivcrs 6, not out. O. B. and M'N. lost four wickots in thcii-second inaings for 31. M'Gill asado 27 not out, R. J. Leopcr was also not out with 10. Pon soon knocked up 12. Bowling against C. B, and M'N. first innings, Purcell got seven wickots for ST. and W. Clarke, three for 14. In the socond innings Purcell took all the wickets that fell, namely-four for 14. Clarko and Chivera, also bowled, but to no purpose. M'Gill against D. H. B and Co. took fivo wickets for 13, and Cowlishaw four for 4, " COURIER" V. INDOOROOPILLY. This match, which was played at Indooroo- pilly, rcsultod In a victory for the visitine team by 7 runs, tho ácoros being-Courier, S3 ; In- dooroopilly, 73. Por the winners Power 26, M'Murdie 11, Poole S. and Thompson 7 were tho chief scorora, and Farrington 2ft T. Prat- ten 11, and P. Pratten 11, batted best for the losers. O mond bowled best for the printers, and P. Pratten for the suburban club. WATSON, FERGUSON, AND Oo.'s SECOND ELEVEN v. UNIONS. This match was played at Kangaroo Point, which rrsulted in a win for tho former by S3 runs. W., P., and Co, in their irstj innings put together 61, of which Groen mado 34 I and Hill 21. In their second innings thoy scored 50, of which Hill made 11, Green 10. and Mackey 7. The Unions' first innings ended for 27, ann their second innings for 51, of which Schaffer scored 17 and White 7. Hill and Bunn howled well for tho winners. MISCELLANEOUS MATCHES. SECOND ALBERTS V. SECOND STANLEYS. Thi3 event waa concluded on Saturday, on the Albert Sports Ground, and resulted in a win for the former team by 27 runs. Tho scores were :-Second Alberts, 94 and 82 ; Second Stanloys, 72 and 77. Pur the winning team H. Holland made 17 and 19, English 30 (not out) and 1, Cockcroft 17 and 14, Lather 8 and 13, Narracott 4 and 11, S. Donaldson 0 and 11. Barrett 3 and G. For tho losers Crooke mado 31 and 1, W. Hutton 5 and 24, W. Cox 10 and 13. Graham 5 and 10 (not out). Foley 0 and 8, O'Connor 4 and 9, Burns 2 and 7, Jordan G (not out) and 0. Bowling against tho Second Albert?, first innings, D. Munro took six for 41, and W. Cox four for 12-Burns and Graham also bowlod ; second innings-Cox livo for 53, J. D. Burns one for 3, D. Munro two_ for 25. Against Second Stanlrya, first innings, Cockcroft secured Bix for 2G, Donald- son one for 15, Wren three for 29; second innings -Cockcroft fivo for 38, Donaldson one for 16, | Hcalion ono for 12, G. Down two for 11. ROVEUS v. SURREY HILLS I This match was played on Saturday at Roma | Btreot, and resulted in a victory for tho former 1 by 10 runs. The Rovers were tho first to bat, and succeeded in scoring 31, H, Myers making 11, The Surrey Hills followed and mado 51, of which D. Whitehead scored 20 and F. Han- cox 15. Tho Rovers in their second innings scored 38. R Browne making 11, The Surrey Hills, with 21 to get level, only succeeded in making 11, thus leaving the Rovers tho victors. For the winners, T. M'Lennan and H. Saps ford bowled well, as did F. Rollason and J. Marshall for the losers. MILTON SOCIAL CO. v. NELSON GC. This match was played at Petrio'terracc, and reaultcd in a win for tho Miltons by 59 runs. Tho Miltons wont first to the wickets and put together 32 runs, towards which Whalley (11) and Lawrence (6) wero the principal contribu- tors, Tho Nelsons responded with 16. In tho Miltons' second innings 72 wero scored. A. Stephens (15), J. Rigg (12), E. Licy (11) were the principal scorers. Tho Nelsons went in with 89 runs to win, but only compiled 29. The bowling of Kerrigan, Stovons, and Whalley was good, for the winnora. Sneyd and Powell bo .vied for. tho losers. COMMERCIALS v. MELBOURNE. A match betweon the above clubs was played on Saturday last on the wickot of tho former. The Commercials won tho toss and sent in their opponents, who wero all diapoaod of for 31. Tho chief scorer waa J. Graham 13. The Com- mercials then went to the wickets and scored 45 runs, tho chief scorers being G Brereton 13, and A. Do Jersey 9. The Melbourne again went to the wickets, and were all disposed of for 19 runs, J. Barclay, 5, being the chief scorer. Tho Commercials scored the requisito runs without the. loss of a wickot, making 12 run?, Humphries contributing 10 runs. E, Beal and A, De Jersey bowled well for tho winnors, as did J. Baiclay and Graham for tho losers. SECOND COMMERCIALS v. SECOND GREGORYS This match resulted in an easy victory for tho former by one innings and 9 runa to apare. The Gregory8 went first to the wickets, but against the bowling of Grenier and Halley thoy could mako no stand, all beim» out for 22, of which H. Carter mado 8. Tho Commercials thon went in and scored 56, of which R. Street made l8, and T. Moxloy 10 (not out). The Gregorys again in thoir second innings scored 25, of which Sivoeny mado 0. Halley and Grenier bowled well for the victors, as did Claroy and Bennett for the loaors. 