REVISION OP THE PRAYER BOOK. Notwithstanding the admitted beauty of the English prayer book, scarcely any one who considers it calmly, can doubt that it would be much benefited by a further revision. A book which has been so often revised, and for the last time in the passion of the restoration to Monarchy where the Monarch was a concealed papist, and an abandoned profligate, ought not to be considered tabued from further revision, if such revision would tend to make it more consistent and more useful. Almost all the ritualistic troubles, and a great deal of the nonconformity in England have their root in the very things which want revision: and it is probable there would be now neither one nor the other had the wise revision made in William Ill's, reign been adopted. At present the trouble is that the articles being thoroughly protestant are not always clearly borne out by the prayers. Our object now is briefly to state, and in regular order, the several particulars which make up the sum of revision which is heeded to bring the services into com plete harmony with the Thirty-nine Articles. We : begin with the calendar. Here revision is needed in the following parti culars:-- Let every reference to persons or supposed facts, not alluded to or mentioned in Scripture, be totally expunged. Let the lessons appointed to be read on certain days from the Apocrypha, be superseded from the canonical Scriptures, and let the Revelation, to the reading and hearing ' of which, a' special ! blessing iB promised,; be read in due course as well asevery other portion' of 'tlie'New Testa-1 nieiit: ' To- theif fasts andfestivals'; let' -there1' be' a; rubric' prefixed,-' distinctly stating that the observance- of these ' days , is put- forth'' simply in the way of reComtnendaHdn' but not as a matter of religious obligation. Those who will take the trouble to read Rom- xiv. 1-8. "that most healing dis course," as an old writer fitly calls it, will find what a sure warrant of Holy Scripture we have for this recommendation. With regard to the morning and evening service no important revision is needed further than increase of variety. It seems desirable that all the state prayers should be condensed into one brief form. That the frequent repetition of the Lord's prayer should be abandoned. That all words which have become obsolete should be removed, and replaced by others of modern application. That the services should be shortened by a return to the order intended by their compilers. In regard to the Communion service, - we have only to suggest — That in the address to the intending Commnnicants the words " he may receive the benefits of absolution" be omitted. This omission, we may add, was recom mended by the Royal Commission which was appointed to revise the Prayer Book, in the reign of William and Mary. That the Rubric which makes it obli gatory on every parishioner to communi cate, at least three times in the year, be expunged. That the word "priest" wherever it occurs in this or any other of the services, be changed to presbyter or minister. That in the rubric at the end of the service the words " no adoration is in tended or ought to be done, either unto the sacramental bread or wine, there bodily received, or unto any corporal presence of Christ's natural flesh or blood " — be made more explicit by the substitu tion of a paragraph such as the following : " No adoration is intended or ought to be done either unto the Sucramental bread and wine, there bodily received, or unto any sup posed corporal or spiritual presence of Christ in or loith the bread and wine," die. The baptismal office comes next in order. Hera it seems to us considerable revision is called for . — The appointment of sponsors being only an ecclesiastical arrangement, with out any direct Spiritual sanction, the observance of it should not be enforced, as if it were an essential part of the Sacrament. No revision therefore will be effectual which will not leave parents at liberty to omit this part of the service. The words "seeing now, dearly beloved brethren, that this child is regenerated " — and " we yield thee hearty thanks, most merciful Father, that it hath pleased thee to regenerate this infant with the Holy Spirit," &c.; — should be wholly omitted. These expressions, considered apart from the whole teaching of the Church, do plainly assert that every baptised child is ipso facto regenerated. A laboured explanation is needed to show that such is not their meaning. Faithful evangelical ministers regard the doctrine which asserts there is an inseparable connexion between baptism and regeneration, as a deadly error; and it. is no small hardship to require them to use words which seem to assert the doctrine which they abhor. The removal of these words is the only way of relieving them of this grievance, while it would impose no yoke on the consciences of others. Revisionists are accused of wishing to contract the com prehensiveness of the Prayer Book, but in this particular, at least, it is manifest that the opponents of revision are the guilty parties. Certain expressions snch as "sanctify this water to the mystical washing away of sin " — as seeming to sanction the Romish superstition of conjured water — should be expunged. The signing of the child with the sign of the cross, as need lessly offensive to many, should be dis continued; and the following rubric, as seeming to countenance the cruel error that unbaptised children are eternally lost, should be expunged. Next in order the Catechism claims our attention. There is no part of the Prayer Book which has suffered so much from the manipulation of Sacerdotalists and Sacramentalists since the Reformation, as the Church Catechism. In our scheme of liturgical revision we propose Its total disappearance from the Prayer book. This may startle some as a dangerous innovation — but we aim at no such thing, but on the other hand we want .to get rid of an innovation. It may sur prise some of our readers to learn that the changes introduced into the Catechism in the revision of 1601, gave it a decided character of Sacramentalism, which did not,. belong to it,- at least to the same extent, up to that period. : We now pass on - ,7 - TO the obdeb of confirmation. Such alterations should be . made in this -service as will bring it into harmony with ; .the. proposed revision of the baptismal office — Thus ; To revise the opening statement, as follows : — "To the end that Confirmation may be ministered to the more edifying of such as shall receive, it, the Church hath thought good to order, that none shall be confirmed but such as can say the creed, the Lord's prayer, and the ten commandments, and whose pastors testify that their conduct is answerable to their Christian profession. Then the Bishop shall say, " Do ye here in the presence of God and this congregation, acknowledge yourselves bound to believe and do as ye have been taught, and also promise that by the grace of God, you will evermore endeavour yourselves faithfully to observe the things which by your own confession you have assembled to ?" The Solemnization of Matbimon. This form needs no revision beyond the alteration or omission of a few words. which are considered by some to be inconsistent with our modern notions of delicacy and propriety. There is a general consent that the words addressed by the Bridegroom to the Bride, " With my body 1 thee toorship," should be omitted. Tbe Order of the Visitation of the Sick. — The revision which we pro- pose in this service will, we believe, be almost universally accepted. We propose that the notice directing the minister to exhort the sick man to make a special confession of his sins, and the form of absolution, which follows, be wholly omitted. Many, even those who have a strong sacerdotal bias, have acknowledged that such a form of absolution deserves no support from the usage of antiquity, but that it is an innovation of com paratively modern date. The Bhbial of the Dead. — Here we have no revision to propose beyond the omission of two sentences, in which reference is made to the personal state of the departed. The short service entitled The Church ing of Women, does not appear to us to need revision. The Commination Service, gives offence to many earnest Christians. We shall not stand to consider the soundness of their objections to it. We should like to see its use or disuse left to the judg ment of each congregation. The OBDiNATtoN Services next claim our attention. Here we must earnestly contend for the total omission of the whole paragraph in " the Ordering of Priests," beginning with the words, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost," &c.; And we propose that for the same words in " the consecration of Bishops," should be substituted, " Mayest thou receive the Holy Ghost," &c.; We have been informed that such revision was re commended by the ritual commission. For the present charge delivered by the bishop to the presbyter at his ordination, we propose to substitute the following : "Mayest thou receive the Holy Ghost for the office and work of a presbyter in the (Jhurcli ot brod, now committed unto thee by the laying on of our hands. Be thou a faithful preacher of the Gospel of the grace of God, and a dispenser of the Bacraments, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." We have now given a brief sketch of such liturgical revision, as we believe would be generally accepted by the evangelical Ministers and members of our Irish Church. But there are some, especially among the clergy, who pro- test against such revision as a mischievous innovation, calculated to weaken our Church by contracting its present com prehensiveness. To such we reply that revision is not necessarily an innovation , but on the contrary, in the preface to the Prayer Book, it is regarded as a matter which may be not only allowable, but expedieut and desirable. We quote the very words : — " The particular forms of divine worship, and the rites and ceremonies appointed to bo used therein, being things in their own nature indifferent; and alterable, and bo acknowledged it is but reasonable that upon weighty and important considerations, according to the various exigencies of times and occasions, such changes and alterations should be made therein, . as to those that are in places of authority, should from time to time, Beem either necessary or expedient." &c.; The charge against revision on the score- of contracting the comprehensive ness of the Church, is wide of the truth. The Prayer book, as it now stands, places an insuperable barrier in the way of the baptism of an infant, unless the parents conform to the sponsorial arrange ment—a purely human invention; do those who propose to remove the barrier, limit the comprehensiveness of our Church? Again, as has already been observed, the officiating minister, who regards the doctrine which assumes that 'every baptized child is ipso facto re generated, as a most mischievous error, is obliged, as the service now stands, to use lauguage which requires elaborate explanation to shew that it does not assert such an error. Do we in contending for the necessity of removing such lauguage from the service-book, limit the church's . com prehensiveness ? To shew how alien is such a design from the mind of the writer, he declares his belief that the Prayer Book, as it now stands, draws some to Popery, and drives others to other heresies, or to the nonconforming denominations. 