To conventional people, those who havo been accustomed to tread tho beaten track of life, tbe Bill which Sir Ai,risni> Stki'Iikn has introduced into tho Legis lative Council of New South Wales to amend tlio laws relating' to Divorce must como with a decided shock. Groat revolutions have doubtless been accom- pliidred rapidly, but, as a rule in English speaking communities, sudden changes in popular thought aro rather tho ex ception than tile rule. It is well, wo think, that it siiouid be so, There aro many ways often that nn apparently simple matter may he looked at, and a full and calm consideration is always of scrvico. We hnvo now adopted hero, eg , well as in England, tho all but complete platform of tho Cliurtists, hut, ncyerthe. $ — ;> loflfl, it wo 9 ncccssnry at tho timo tlmt «; tho ttoc\a\ disorders wliicb accompanied % tfifttmovcmont should bo put down. It \ wo 9 tho full deliberation of each par- tlcnlar plank which slowly effected thnt i wonderful reformation in political nmttcra / d"a t0 Liberal lcadora in Par- 'wimodt. Sir Alfred Stephen is / sllufltcd now vory much as many re formers of every kind have been. He \iTOpoaoB changes in inatrimonial innltors which many people think socially dangerous j and, further, his proposals Involve principles which nro conceived '5 \ty a few to strike at tho very root of : ecclesiastical power, if not indcod nt the ' CACrcdnesH of tho sacraments. Hence : \ H is not by any moans surprising to find that tho chief opposition to tho Bill \ comes from tho X'rimntc of tho Anglican Church in Sydney. The Roman Catholic >j hierarchy havo always been opposed to i divorce of any kind, or rather for any 1 cause, notoven excepting that of flagrant j and persistent infidelity, and thoir < antagonism thoroforo to tho separation I of husband and wife for other reasons must consequently bo looked for. Thoro is something to bo said on both sides of the question. Tha ob jectors to Sir Alfred's measure rely maudy on tho rendering thoy givo to tho Scriptural language on tho subject, but , generally it is also argued that tho moro dissoluble wo mnko tho marriage tie tho S greater must bo tho danger to society, f and the laxer tho morals of tho people I will become. Concerning tho first of I these positions, wo nro brought at onco ! Into tho region of theological conflict, and while Bishop Barry champions tho otio side, no less eminent a man than l)r. Htkzv, tho foromost Presbyterian clone in tho sister metropolis, champions the other. Tho Church that was, and the Church that is tho Stato Church in England, representatively as Churches, | hold strong views regarding tho in- | Violability of tho marriage bond, but, on tho other hand, tbcro arc many non conformist sections of tho Christian | Church by wborn marriage is viowed as A civil contract only, upon which tho Divine blessing has been invoked, and that very many in tho community look Upon tho ceremony as nothing more, is evidenced by tho increasing numbers who dfspenso with tho religious form .entirely, and aro quito contented with such a union as ovcry registrar is legally authorised to consummate. Thus then, from that sido of the question which favors tho elernont in marringo of Holy Church, wo get as an obstaclo to tho ox- tension of causes for which divorco may bo pronounced, a single pnssago in the 2Toiv Testament only, and that thnt is capable of application to tho present dny and to present circumstances is matter indeed for the gravest doubt. Tho Jews in olden days lived under a Theocratic form, and so in matters of morality wcro held moro directly nmen- ablo to Divino Government than now. Thoy selected wives, and put them away at thoir own sweet plonsurc, and it was in such a condition of social things as this that Christ gavo that reply to tho tempting Hebrews, who Bought every occasion to trap Ilim into some condem- 1 nation of tho law of Moses, on which tho Opposition to Sir Alfred Ssephen's Bill is founded. Wo havo to consider as woll then, tho circumstances under which tho question was put as tlio ! effect of tho answer that was givon, " Is ' it lawful for a man to put away bis wifo ) for ovcry cause?" seems a vory difiTorcnt j question to tho ono now being debated, j whether it is dcsirablo that tho Stata j should separate man and wife. In tho 1 ono caso it is tho powor of tho husband j for any cause ; in tbo other it is tho | legality of a separation under circura- j stands which may justify a properly | constituted authority in doing so. Wo cannot admit that Christ's Innguago docs moro than limit tbo arbitrary power of a husband to put away his wifo. i Aforetime, he told his questioners that it was permitted becaaso of tbo hardness | of their hearts, but from tho beginning f man and wife were of twain ono flesh. Tho licenso of tho husband is curbod, but there is nothing to show thnt eccle siastical approval might not bo given to \ an act of tho Stato in separating man f from wifo. Wo havo a strong belief in tho pro- | gres sire understanding of tho Sncrod j writings, and so believing, we are confi- < dent that greater light will yet be thrown on many passages that nro still obscure to our comprehension. Wo grant nt \ onco that human laws should follow tho \ 03Scntial principles of Christian tench- t ings. but we cannot concedo that the ' dead loiter of Biblical languago should ' be blindly followed, or any ecclesiastical dofinition of words accepted. If there fs anything conspicuously prominent in \ the Chriitain dispensation it is tho social exaltation of women and their rccogni- ' tion as being entitled to stricter justice tban they woro wont to get. Why infldclityon tho part of a woman should justify divorce, wbilo a similar offence by a man should not, is a paradox that ' can scarcely bo explained in these non- polygamous days, and so in tho absence of any definite Christian rulo for tho matrimonial tio, wo tako it that tho cxi- , gentries of things in the times in which wo livo mast necessarily infiucnco those judical provisions that aro framed for tho regulation of the marital relations. When we come to look at this subject | from the point of expediency, and hare i justice, the weight of argument is all on | tllO slue of tho reform proposed by Sir ALFRED Stf.phkn. Besides infidelity, j on tho husband's part to be accompanied \ by personal cruelty, four fresh causes ) for divorce aro provided, viz. — habitual drunkenness, cruelty, desertion for three ycar«,and being sentenced to penal ser- ' vitude. Irrespective of tho religious view of tbo matter, can any ono doubt that it would be actual kindness to a woman to give- her freedom from a hus band placed in either of these fonr posi- i lions. The family miseries that nro en- , dared through adrunken husband, who rc- ' mta over y effort to reform him, aro so BUUiCrcU9 pud so distressing that out of sheer pity, as well ns to provont gronter evils, tho woman should bo rclcnsod by tho Stato from tho conjugal tio. In tho caso of desertion, tho consequences nro frequently painful and prolonged. Hus bands in tho carlior days of tho colony havo gone forth from their wives and families in the morning, and havo never returned. In somo instances, tho wives have actually married again in on illegal way, and in others thoy havo lived with other men without oven tho solomn mockery of a marriago form. Now and again, first husbands havo turnod up after the lapse of years realising in ordinary life the poetic picture of Enoch Arden, but in most instances thoy havo never again been hoard of in their former wherenbouts. Other families— families rather by a second husband— havo boon born and have come to maturo years bearing tho name of thoir real father, but in alas, bow many eases unablo ovon to legally claim tlio namo thoy bear, and pntativly only entitled to the namo of their mothor's lawful husband, who has not been heard of us amongst tho living for many a long day. Tlio social dis turbances and penalties which such circumstances havo induced nro much moro numerous than many pcoplo sup- poso. Imagine for example a family of girls arrived at a marriageable) ago, yet socially ostracised because thoir mother, yeass after desertion, found a fitting mate in thoir father, yet such was precisely what did occur not so long ago in n neighbouring colony, and in a family wealthy, influential, and respected. Wb might onlnrgo in this strain indefinitely, but wo bolieve enough reason has boon adduced to convinco our rendors how dcsirablo it is that tho laws of divorce should bo amended in tho direction con templated. A great deal has boon said of tbo opening tho new measure would provido for collusion botweon husbands and wives. Does tho presont system pro vont this, or docs it lesson that immor ality which it is to bo feared too often rosults from ill-nssorted marriages ? Will a man and wifo who hate each othor, and yet aro compelled by law to pass ns husband and wifo, have their notions of moral rcctitudo and matri monial probity materially improved by beingprovontcd from separating? Judgo Windeyer, who has presided in tho Divorce Court of New South WalcB for the last seven years, scouts tho vory conception of collusion. In that timo, and having to hear annually 50 or GO of such cases, ho has just stated iu a letter to Sir Alfred Stephen that in only three or four divorco proceedings has ho even suspected collusion, and tho gonoral weight of his ovidcnce goes far to support tho ground taken up by Sir Alfred. This new Divorco Bill has come like an exploding shell into tlnrecclessinstical camp, and somo clerics profoss to regard, it with dread. Tho laity, however, are either lazily indifferent, or regard tlio lending provisions ns rather dcsirablo than othorwiso, and, for oursolvos, wo frankly admit that wo regard them with favor. Tho mcasuro itself may bo in some degree emasculated, or its prin cipal objects may bo hampered by restric tion and conditions, while passing through tho Legislature, but, notwithstand ing nil these things, and despito tho protests of ccclesiasticism, wo cannot bnt regard Sir Alfred Stephen's Bill ns other than a wise attempt to legislate for tho bringing about of a better and moro equitable inter-relation of tho sexes in tho respects concerned, than at pre sent oxiats. Tub Chronicle bas now completed its twenty-fifth year. Being tho firstnnd oldeat established newspaper published in tho town of Toowoomba, it ha9 grown with its growth and prospered with its prosperity, until now it has a circulation larger than that of any other provincial journal published in Queens land, and tho circulation is steadily increas ing. Daring tho first four months of tho present year moro now subscribers have beea enrolled than in any provious foar monthB of tbo paper's existence. And tho business of thoofilco has increased tosachan extent that wo have been obliged to extend our borders by an enlargement of our office in all its branches. Now maohinory has been im ported, and a large machine with nil tho latest improvements has been ordered from tho establishment of Messrs. Hopkinson and Cope, of London, and will arrive about July next. Our business manager is now on a visit to Sydnoy and Melbourno with tbo view of obtaining maobincs of various descriptions and new fonts of typo to still farther improve tho office, and render it complete in every respect. Wo havo now a composing room, 70 x 15, lighted by four largo sky lights, a machino room, CO x25, largo and commodious office, editor's room, reporter's room, large store room, damping room, engino room, and dormitory for boys, and the establishment is at presont the largest provincial newspaper oflico in Queensland. Wo use in the course of a year from 50 to 60 bales of papor, im ported direct from the Hcriot Hill Works of Messrs. William Collins and Son, Limited. Glasgow. Each balo contains 25 reams, and each ream 500 sheots, so that in the year wo consume 750,000 double demy sheets of paper— a sufficient proof of tho laTgo circula tion tho Chronicle enjoys. Having now completed a quarter of a century's existcnco wo can, without egotism, fairly refer to the success this journal has achieved. Started on liberal lines, and tho advocacy of settle ment on tho public lands of a proprietory population, ns opposed to tho aggregation of large estates, tbo principles of the papor havo been consistently maintained ; and thnt its views are in accord with the majority of the copulation of this district is attested by our present large circulation . As we have grown In tho past with the steady advancement of Toowoomba, we hope to do so in the futnrc. Our aim will bo as heretofore to advocate and support the best interests of Toowoomba and its large suburban surroundings, and to supply our readers with a newspaper worthy of their support, and such 03 in all its literary ami mechanical aspects will reflect somo degree of credit upon tho town ami district with which its history has been so closely and materially interwoven. "GnensMOUNT." In reply to your letter of yesterday's date, we beg to inform you the Chronicle can bo seen in Loudon, at Messrs. Gordon and Gotch's, 121, Holborn ilill ; at Messrs. Gcorgo Street and Co.'s, 30, Cornhill ; at Messrs. Clark, Son, and Piatt, 85, Grnccchurch-street ; and nt tho roading room attached to tho Indian and Colonial Exhibition, VEnY successful services in connection with the Primitive Methodist Sabbath School, Raff-sLrocL, were held on Sunday tho 25th inst. The Iter. T. Thatcher preached the sermons morning and evening to at tentive and appreciative congregations. The morning discourse was addressed prin cipally to the younger portion of the congregation, and the evening one to christian workers generally and sabbath school workers in particular. Earnest en couraging words fell from the preachers lips that cannot fail to givo a true stimulus to those who listened to them. During tho afternoon a service of a very interesting character was held, in which the scholars took the most prominent part by singing and reciting select pieces. The Rev. T. Thatcher presided and tho Rev, W. Faulkincr de livered a short address. On Monday morning the scholars assembled in goodly numbers at the church, and processioned from thence to Mr. Sloman's paddock (kindly lent for the occasion) where tho day was spent in picnicing and game?. Upwards of 200 people congregated upon the ground during the day. Sports of various kinds were entered into both by adults and children in true holiday spirit. After tea tlirco hearty cheers were given by the scholars for Mr. Sloman which showed how much they appreciated the kindness which placed such a suitable ground at their service and then a start was made for home all having evidently enjoyed the days outing. Tho services were continued on Thursday night when a plat form was provided for the accommodation of the scholars. A lengthy programme con sisting of singing and recitations, was gone through in a very creditable manner, after which, a largo number of reward books wcro presented to the children, by tho Bev, W. Faulkincr, on behalf of the school. The superintendent of the school, who occupied tho position of chairman, tendered the sincere thnnks of the teachers and officers of the school to the many friends who had helped to provide the children with such an enjoyable treat "and furnish them with so many books. The benediction brought a very pleasant series of services to a close. Tiie usual weekly meeting of tho Too woomba Literary and Parliamentary Debat ing Society was held in tho Congregational Church on Thursday ovening, tbo President, Rev. G. Hcrvoy, in tho chair. There was a good attendance of members. Tho announce ment that Mr. Gripp had accepted tho leadership of tho opposition was recoivcd with satisfaction by tho members of tho House. Mr. Casper resumed tlio debate on the Election's Bill on behalf of tho Govern ment. Messrs. Connolly, and Harding also spoke in support, whilst tho Bill was vigorously opposed by Messrs, Grlpp, Provan, Stumm, ana Hunter. A very animated debate was closed by Mr. Sinclair, tho Premier, who replied for tho Government and the division took place, 1 Tho expecta tions that it would bo a closo ono 'wcro realized, for amidst considerable excitement, the tellers announced a tie in tho numbers. Tho President then gavo his casting voto in favour of tho Ministry, who woro very sarcastically congratulated on its brilliant victory by tho leaders of tho opposition, For next Thursday the Ministry havo given notico of tho following resolution " That tho cession of the Islands of tho New Hebrides to France would be detrimental to the best interests of tho Australian Colonics," The football season will bo inaugurated to-day, when nn opening practice will bo held at tho Queen's Park, commencing at half-past three o'clock. Tbo Secretary has desired us to request all members to bo present. We desire to direct the attention of the whole of the electors of Drayton, and Too woomba, Aubigny and Darling Downs, to tho important fact, thnt part 8, known ns tho "Temporary Provisions" of the Corrupt Practices Act of 1885, comes into operation to-day. Tho wholo of the ctcctorinl rolls of the colony arc to-dny abolished, and each elector at present on the roll will receive a notice from the electoral registrar, of tbo electorate, who may bo the Clerk of Petty Sessions calling upon him to fill up the form which will bo sent to bim, and to prove that he possesses tho qualifica tion entered on the present rolls. These havo to be sent to tho Electoral Ucgistnrar, or clerk of Petty Sessions, on or before the 1st August next. All who do not answer the notico will have their names erased from the electoral rolls. The annual registration will tako place, as usual, in the month of October next, when tlio names of those who have answered tho notices sent to them to tho satisfaction of tho revising Magirtratcs will be advertised in the public newspapers. We think it necessary to give this information ns enrly ns possible, in order that the electors of tho district may not be taken unawares as to the duties they will have to perform when the notice reaches their hands. There are many in Toowoomba who will rcmembcrP. G. Clancy, once railway stntion- master, and a promising officer in the Bail- way Department. His nctlvo habits and business capacity secured for him tho ap pointment of Station Master at Brisbane, tho " bluo ribbon " of the Bailway Depart- mcnt. When leaving Toowoomba ho wns pre- scntcdwith a magnificent gold watchnndnp- pondages valued nt £50, and his health was drunk in bumpers of champagne. Unfor tunately, like too many young men, be needed ballast, lie was not proof against tho effects of sudden prosperity, ho yielded to the seductive influence of tbc cup, and tbo inevitable result followed. Ho lost bis situ ation, bis. character, everything in fact that made life dear, and bccamo an outcast from his home and family. Tbo following para graph in Thursdays Courier records ills sad end " It is reported that the remains of a man were found in the bush near Campbell and Son's saw-mills at Coocbin Creek. The body was identified ns tlmt of Patrick Grimn Clancy, formerly railway station- master at Toowoomba and Brisbane, also station auditor and pay clerk, and who subsequently retired. CJaney is supposed to have left Brisbane a few days ago in the steamer Mavis." In oar business columns this morning will be found a notification calling for tenders for tho erection of a new Church o/ Englnnd nt Mcringandan. Tenders will bo received by Mr. F. D. G. Stanley, up to tbo 15th of May. Yesterday aflornoon wo posted from this office one hundred and forty copies of Mon day's and Thursday's Chronicle, which had been ordered by subscribers in Toowoomba to be sont to their friends In England. In another portion of this morning's issue will be found an abridged report of an ex cellent address on " Leisure and Pleasure in Bachelor Life," by the Rev. Dr. Jcffcris, of the Titt-Blrcct Congregational Church, Sydney. We commend it to the perusal of all our youthful renders. The whole physical mechanism becomes impaired by the heavy .winter diet and' lack o! open air exorcise. Aysr's Sarsaparilla to tbc proper remedy to take in the spring of tlie year to purify the blood, invigorate tho system, excite the liver to action, nud restore the healthy tone and vigor of tho system. The census, as our readers nro no doubt aware, is to bo taken to-night, and we havo been asked to state for the information of the public that the pnpers havo to bo filled in with the names, &c.;, of all sleeping on tho premises, nnd not members of tho family only. It is dcsirnblo that nil census returns should bo ready for the collector when ho calls, The usual monthly meeting of the Rosalie Divisional Hoard will take place to- day at 2 o'clock, when besides tho matter of striking a rate tho following motions will bo pro posed By Henry Wilcox — That tho road near the cemetery nt Mcringandan be put in repair. By J. Mnthicson — That n road be formed over the stony ridge, Nnnnngo road, near Coolie's Lagoon Creek ; that tho metal ling at Rosalie be repaired ; that a road bo surveyed between portions 2921 and 1956 ; that the Nnnango road between Pearson's nnd the Highland Plain be improved ; that the ruts be filled nnd the dead timber burnt between Mr. Mathicson's selection nnd the Highland Plnin. By H. P. Dun— That tenders be called for logging tho swamp on the north side of tho scrub, Rowcnvillc road; also for clearing and removing stones between the scrub nnd Bowcnviilc. The Christian World (Brisbnno) of yestor- dny is responsible for tha statement that a great deal of drunkenness prevailed at tho Into Easlor Encampment, at Lytton. The teachers of St. James' Sunday School held a social gathering of a very enjoyable character in tbo Assombly Booms on Thurs day evening. Tho tcaohcrs of St. Luko's Sunday School and sovoral private friends were invited to tbo gathering, and altogclhor from 80 to 100 young ladies and gentlemen had a very pleasant oveniog's recreation. These rounioos have a very gratifying in fiucnco in bringing the toncbcrs and their friends together, and so enabling tbom to know more of each othor than thoy other wise would, nnd it is not unlikoly after tho success of Thursday evening that they will be continued periodically. Some considerable commotion was occa sioned amongst townspeople yesterday after- noou, when it becamo known that a young German named Ludwig Bnyrhoiler, who bad been cegago:l as clerk by Mr. Marwcdcl, had mysteriously disappeared under circum stances which naturally created alarm ns to his fate. On Thursday evening ho was scon walking in tho direction of Picnio Point, and tho gentleman who then saw him and spoke to him states that he mentioned an inten tion of going north on soma business for Mr. Marwcdcl. Ho carno home, however, to his lodgings at Mrs. Wedd's, in Hcrrics- street, and retired to bed as usual, but in tbo night ho appears to hnvo got up and gono out by tho window, for in tho morning ho was found to be absent, and no one had Eocn or heard him leave. On tbo tablo of his room was found a letter addressed to tbo Rev, Mr, Lnnganbcckcr, of which tho follow ing is a copy: — "Please take possession of all my things and property nt tho Govern ment Savings Baak and Airs. Wedd's, and do witli it what you bcliovo is beBt in Jesus Obrlst. Please rccoivo my homo letters for mo whenever they arrive, and pray with mo joined in love to tho Lord to givo his blessing in Jesus Christ to my dear old father, nnd to the other family. Also, wo pray for tho Qucon and tho German Emperor and tho wholo Christianity, but, before all, lot us pray for tbo poor heathens, that the holy word of God might bo fulfilled in their hearts, Pray for me, joined in love, that the Almighty good God might bless mo with bis Holy Ghost, to do his will in mo through our beloved Saviour and Rcdcomor, Jesus Christ." Tbo letter concludod with tho Lord's Prayer, 1 Accompanying tho letter wob a bank book shewing a credit bnlnnoo of £35 17s, Gd,, tho address of his father in Germany, and an order to pay £1 to Mrs. Wedd. ' It seems that for two or three days past tho poor fellow, who is evidently afflicted with reli gious mania, has nob been at Mr. Marwcdel's place of business, but a dny or so since ho sent back somo account book?, together with a now bible, to Mr. Mnrwcdcl, It is known that ho had a revolver in his possession, which is missing, and on this account, and because of tho general strangeness of his 'manner nnd tho peculiar language. of tho letter, It is feared that somo untownrd fate has happened to him. The police havo been busily enganed all day searching for him, but up to a late hour last night no cluo to his reeovcry had been obtained. Ho has been resident in Toowoomba about eight months, having como hero direct from Germany. We direct attention to an advertisement of tho Clifton Divisional Board in another column, inviting tenders for a goodly nambcr of public works. 