THE VALLEV ELECTION. Those of our readers who have perused the recently received files of the Bris bane newspapers, will not be surprised at the result of the Valley election, while those who favour the Opposition cause will not be dismayed by it The battle was not one of men or principles, but of parties ; and that the candidate of a strong Liberal Government, in a contest in one of tie divisions of the metropolis, which has been pam pered and nursed with Government pap above all places in the Colony, should win the seat by a small majority merely, ought to form cause for rejoicing in the ranks of the Opposition — of all, indeed, who desire to see the afiairs of the Colony conducted in a statesmanlike and impartial manner. Between the two principal candidates who offered them selves for election, there was not much to choose, on general subjects. Both gentlemen professed to be strong oppo nents of coloured labour, and warm friends of the working classes. Neither had much to say, either for or against the new Licensing Act Both, had a great deal to say about the way in which the Valley had been neglected by suc cessive Governments, and promised, with as much solemnity as they could summon for the occasion, that, if returned to Parliament, they would do their utmost to secure the construction of the Valley Rail way, for which £80,000 has been voted, but for which £200,000 at least will be needed ; and the construction of the Valley Post Office. On this last matter a little tiddley-winking has been going on. At his meeting on the Friday evening before the election, the TWinis terial candidate, speaking apparently from official inspiration, said plans for the Post Office had been approved of, and that tenders would be called for in the G'ftzette of the following morning. This was done, but on the Monday after the election it was stated some hitch had occurred in connection with the plans, that the call for tenders had been withdrawn, and that the work would not be proceeded with for some time. The promise had been dangled before tint eyes of the electors, and, having answered a purpose in the meantime, has been withdrawn till another occasion for its use presents itself. Mr. Brooks, who has been re turned, repeated the parrot cry about the Lands Act not having had a fair trial, iguorantly or intentionally stating that six months was too short a time for proving its value. The Act has Wn in optTiitioji since March Kss'5. He was silent on the subject of eini-Tation. This ,,in-!i.lat.- avow.,1 hium-lfa sup port.-r ..{ th.- Ministry. Mis chief oppo n.-ui. Mr. W.itson, di- ckuvd he would sit on the Opposition cross benches, and claimed for himself a. large measure of independence of party. He con demned the T^.nf?R Act, and, on being interrogated, declared he was in favour of land grants to children born in the Colony within the last ten years. The continuation of the introduction of emigrants, at a time when there is not employment for them, met with his con demnation. Matters for the Ministerial candidate must hare been looking somewhat gloomy, when it was felt requisite to call the Premier to his aid. On the night before the election, and imme diately after his return from Sydney, tile hon. gentleman lent his powerful help to secure Mr. Brooks' return. He deemed it necessary to explain that he interfered because he had been asked to advise the electors. That showed his supporters felt they needed his aid. Yet the majority of the constituency must have been swayed more by his presence and purpose than by what he said. If they were influenced to any great extent by bis remarks, then the Valley electors must be thought less and unreflecting. Hik address coming from su^h a man, on such an occasion, in such a place, was exceedingly flimsy. He had to re vert to the last general election, and resuscitate the ghosts of the goblins, which he found serviceable in frightening the halting and timid on that occasion. He also flaunted the black flag of coloured lubour, though both candidates had de clared themselves opposed to it. Then he displayed the patriotic ensign, and declared the Government were not fight ing for tliemselves, but for the people of Queensland. The implied insinuation, that his predecessors in office had other aims than the good of the Colony in view in their administration of affairs, shows that, but for the restraints of office and position, Mr. Griffith would resort to the malpractice of maligning his adversaries as he did when in Opposition. A party leader, who, when called in to advise the electors in selecting a candidate, can find it consistent with his position and conscience to defame his political op ponents, is not entitled to respect. Then, he appealed to his auditors if ever there was a time when Queensland stood better in the eyes of the neighbouring colonies, and of the mother country, and claimed credit for this. But it cannot escape the notice of the 'electors, that Queensland occupies this position, be cause the present Government are building on the lines drawn by then predecessors, and because they have, in what we may call their foreign policy, re specting the government of New Guinea and federationof thecolonies, received the practical and moral support of the Opposition. Had Mr. Griffith and his friends acted an equally honourable and patriotic part, and supported Sir Thomas M'llwraith in his efforts to acquire the whole of the unappropriated portion of New Guinea, we would not have had created, the standing menace of a large European Power, in an important position in the Pacific, between India and Aus tralia. Whatever the Premier may say cannot alter facts, and these the Press and the public will not overlook, though it may suit his book, on the eve of a contested election, to conceal them. 