CHURCH OF ENGLAND INSTITUTE. The second annual general meeting of the Church of England Institute was held on Thursday evening, when these was a very good attendance of members, including a number of ladies. Aiologies were received for the unavoidable alii-ecce e,f sev**ral *tromi nent members. Bishop Kennion (patron and visitor) pttrsided. Mr. F. W. Maudsley (secretary) read the annual report as follows:— "In presenting the second annual report, the ?""omimtte*"* have great pleasure in lieing able to announce the continued success of the Church of England Institute, and they feel confident that th<' ni-oid of the past ye__*S work will further ttiid to prove tbat there was a neces sity for such an under—king, and al*o that it deserves.the cordial_support of aUChui:<*_men in this colony. In emmon with many other public in?titTi ti..ns, we have ferlt the effect of the prevailing depie-y-ion in the loss of som** of our original members, but, notwithstanding this, the com mittee are able to report a substantial increase in the number cf enrolled members and at-.-t'-ciates. *.Ve liave n..w 100 t.urn members, 12 country members, and S junior associates, making a, total of 11S0 as against a total of 119 at the last annual meeting. Thirty-four new arrivals in the colony have been welcomed at the institute, and made hem rary members for one month, as well as introduced to the clergy. Suitable employment has been found through the con_aittec and office— for several young men who were in need of it, and in a few cases pecuniary assistance has been given to persons who were absolutely destitute. Tliis was done by the means of voluntary donations from n embers of the committee. It eeerr:B d-jTsirable that a small fund should be started to meet such cases. The balancer-beet shows that the financial position of the institute is a-subject for cm gTatui—tion. The current expenses, so far, have been covered by the annual subscriptions of members, so that the institute may fairly claim to be self-supporting. The furnishing f_id, however, is stUl indebted to the general fund? in the amount of —20 6s. Cd.; and the committee, while thanking those gentlemen whose donations appear in this report, would appeal to these who have not yet subscribed to the furnishing fund for assistance to en dble them to wipe out this debt. The Mm*—ittee are very pic—sed to be able to report the gratifjing success of the educational work which waa begun a year ago, and bas bten carried on without any break through the summer months. The evening dasses, under competebnt masters, in aritlimetic, mathematics, German, Latin, and shorthand, at merely nominal fees to members, have been regularly attended. Considering the short time that the institute bas been in existence, tbis evidence of its practical usefulness to the young men of tbe city who are just entering on active lieo alter leaving school is most satisfactory. ~The leading Chnreh and general newspapers, both English acd colonial, and several firiodic— Is and magazines, together with the nglish illustrated papers, are recdved regnlarly. The c-ommittee desire to thank his Lordship the Bishop, the Very Rev. the Dean, Rev. T. Fidd, and Mr. W. Forrester for their donations of periodicals. The cxuiunittee, un fortunately, have not yet felt justified in apply ing any of the funds of the institute towards the fot—ation of a library, and they would appeal to all Churchmen who take an interest in our work for support in this paiticular. Donations of money or books for tiie library will be gratefully admowledged by the secretary. The athletic class met one evenin-jeach week during the last winter, and was weU attended. Boxing, Indian dub, and dumbbell exercises, and fencing were regularly practised under the supervision of a member of the committee. This class will recr-ommence for the winter on Thursday, the 13th instant. The chess class, which was discontinued dnring the summer months, is now revived, and this game attracts considerable attention on Saturday evenings. The table billiards bas also been much patronised. Dnring the past year four lectures were delivered on behalf of tiie institute, viz., on '?Haunted Houses and Haunted Men," by the Rev. Canon Green ; on " The Greek Drama," by Professor Boulger; on "The Northern Territory," by the Rev. Canon French; and on "The Last Convict Settlement of Tas mania," by the Rev. Rowland Hayward. To these gentlemen our warmest thanks are due. The committee are desirous of holding a social meeting of the members and thdr friends once a fortnight during the winter months. For this purpose it will be necessary to purchase a piano; but the committee do not wish to burden the funds by the purchase of one out of the ordinary income, and have authorised the starting of a piano fund, to which £5 as. has been subscribed. During the early part of the year two such meetings were bdd, and were highly succeeefuL The committee gladly availed themselves of the opportunity of Bishop jMoorhouse'B short stay in Adelaide to join the standing com mittee of the Synod, and tfae committee of the Bishop's Home Mission Fund, in bidding him a united farewell, and wishing him '..id-speed on bis return to England to take charge of the im] tort—nt diocese of Manchester. The Boys' Brigade.—-This effort to reach a long-neglected dass in this city was originated and started by members of our institute. £ecognising the fact that this was a work which, appealed to all ?dasses and to all denominations of onr com—ion Christian faith, the originators of the scheme at the very outset determined that assistance in its promotion should be asked from all sec tions of society and religious belief. Mem bers of various denomim-Jtaons are represented on the committee, and a resolution was passed that such religious instruction as might be given to the boys should be of an undenomi national character. The room.-, have proved to he well adapted for the purposes of our institute. They have during the past ye_r been p—ct-d at the dis posal of the Church of England Sunday-school Union and the Lay Reade—-s' Association for their meetings. In the refresllinent- room tea, cofiee, and other refreshments can now be obtained from the caretaker, who is giving general satisfaction. In condusion the committee would dee—re to place on record their thanks to the Hon. J. C. Bray, M.P., for bis assistance as our president during the ".last yejar; also to adaiowlc-dge the valuable eetvices rendered to our institute by the Rev. A. G. Bawstome and Major Jervois, both of whom have (unfortunately for us) left the colony; and also to express their regret and sorrow for tbe untimely death of Dr. Charles Gosse, one of the vices-presidents, and a warm friend of the institute. It is earnestly hoped that this annual meeting will be the means of encouraging all our members and friends to support the new committee and officers in the wnrk wliich they will have to cany on, and that the roll of members may continue to show a steady increase, so that the Church of England Institute may still further extend the good work iu which it is rjngaged." The Chaieman, in moving the adoption of the report and balance-sheet, said he was happy to think that the institute now needed no apology. The existence of the institute was justified, not only by the number of members and support it had recdved from churchmen, but by the very ?*—*.'*(—lent edtancter of the work it was undertaking. Looking at the report and -remembering their small beginning, he thought they were in a fair way of proving themselves a very useful institution in the dty. The work on paper did not represajnt by any means all tbey proposed to do. A further course of lectures was to be given. Canon Green had consented to lecture on John Wesley; the Rev. F. S. Poole on eome at present unknown "subject, and be would endeavor to lecture on the life and letters of .St, Ignatius. He had been very much gratified by perusing a letter from the secretary of the Vonng Men's Friendly Society in England, who looked upon this institute as being ex tn mdy valuable to them in their work, inas much as the two bodies were linked in sympathy, and, therefore, the institute might bold out a hdping hand to young men who came frcni England as meinbers of the church.. He hoped, however, that tins institute would become the centre, not merely of the Young Men*B Friendly Society, but of two very important church organisations, which would yet have to eee their day in this young land of Australia. He referred to the Church of England Temperance Society and the White Cross Army. Anyone who knew the wonderful effect these two societies had had in England by being thoroughly well worked must df-sire, if possible, to see the work taken up in tbe same spirit in tliis colony. It was difficult to begin ench work in a parish, but if it era id be inaugurated in a -centre such as tiie institute it would no doubt accomplish great good. The broad princi pies of the Church of England Tem perance Sout ty, which united in the work not only those who were total abstainers but those wiio were thorouglily moderate in the use of intoxicants, was a sound platform upon whidi to build such a sodety, and he thought every mf inber of th<* institute wonld be enrolled as a member in its lifts. As to the work of tbe W bite Croft, Armiy tbere was noneedto expatiate npon tbat, but he thought tbey would find that it would grow not only in the -parishes, bnt throughout the colony. He was not anxious that it should advance too rapidly, but on a sure basis. He congratulated the comnlittee and both the late and present secretary upon tbe exceUent work done during the year. Thdr Church Institute was the only one of tbe kind in the colonies,- and the—--afore they should take care that in ite growth it (leveloped wisdy aa well aB strongly. When be spoke at the formation of the institute he laid great stress upon tbe uee*esdty for the institute being at least aa wide in ita vtews as was the Church of England. Now be *-"u*pposed everyone present recognised the nr**-***—ty for a wide and comprehrmiave spirit with which to do tiieir work, btit the great difficulty waa that every (Cody who wm willing to rw'-gnise this looked at it so far as it included his own views, and was unwilling to extend to the views of people from whom he happened to differ. A sodety like that, in its management, had to rise far superior to any mere parochial feeling. It was poti.-ible for all the persons in one parish to be influenced by the saw* opinions, but when the committee of an institute undertook the larger work of spreading its influence tlirciugbout the Clmrcn it encountered som<\- of the difficulties met with by a bishop in Ins work in the various {tarishes. It had to rise very much above its own particular opinions, and had even to throw its united sympathy into the work of men who p-jrhaps ditfeied very strongly on some points from the views the oiiumittee might be inclined to take, and unless the committee were prepared to tabs as lai-ge a. view as that of their position he did not think tliey would -ver thoroughly discharge their duties. Therefore he once more impressed upon the members of the in stitute that they must not exiX'Ct to find all thdr opinions ratified in the e*x*iety, but they j must lie prepared to hold out a brotherly hand to members of their own Church who did feel as they did upon points which after all vwre uot ?sesentiaL (Hear, hear.) Another point was that besides holding more tolerant views of church work they ought to show the utmost charity towards those who were not members of their chm*ch at all. If tbeir members were fixed meml>ers, he did not think there need be any fear of losing them by showing wide tolerant opinions with regard to others. He said this perhaps in some manner to justify the action which he had recently taken in -consent ing to become a vice-president of the Young Men's Christian Association. (Loud e-ieers.) He was very glad to hear tbat cheer, because be thought it supported him in the view he had taken about the matter. So long as there was any likdihood of the opinion that the Church was only too ready to throw over Church principles and join a society that united all denominations and sunk every- I thing of importance; so long as there was any danger of fe-eling that the Church might doubt the bishop, he thought it better not to woik with the Young Men's Christian Artsociaticm. Now, however, tiiey had found him out, or they never would find faim out. He was a thorough churchman, and did not wish to sacrit—e his Church prindples. and if they had found that out tuey would concede to him the happiness of working with other people, so far as he could, whe-re his principles had to be sunk, but where they would be by no means trenched niron. (Cheers.) He c.uld not help thinking that while they justified their own position by tiieir own strict holding of church principles, yet they might work in a brotherly manner with those who did not hold the same opinions as they did. He would like to direct their thoughts homewards. As members of the Church of England tiiey could but regard with the dee-pest interest all that had passed and was passing in the important work which was going on at home now. Tbey would notice that the Church of England had just ?"?merged from the first great attack that had been made npon it by tiie lib-a-ationists. Bdore that general dection came oil, at which a large number of people for tiie first time were able to exercise the franchise, it was said that as soon as these people had votes they would at once prove that they were hostile to the Church of England. But what had been the general result of the enfranchisement of tiie masses ? Theyjhad not proved so hostile to the Church as had been erpected by some sections of the people. The plain answer was that although in many of the countiy districts the Church was found not to be so strong as many of her supporters supposed, yet in the towns and most p?prulous centres, where thought was more active and keen the Church had been found to have a strong hold upon the convictions of the people. The result of tiie whole question had been at least a benefit to the Church upon two distinct points. In the first place there had been a clear h'storical gain through the sifting enquiry that had been pursuedf with regard to the Church of England. It used to be a common expression amongst those hostile to the church, or ill-educated writers in the newspapers, that the dergy of the Church wejre State*"- paid. Tiie roult of a careful examination into the sources of the revenues of the Church of England, and the manner in whidi she derived he*r revenues, and the manner in which her clergy were paid, had prove*d that the state ment that the dta-gy were State- paid was utterly erroneous. (Cheers.) There was another joint of historical importance. Although the matter was thoroughly looked into by a large number of people there was a iro polar opinion that the Church of England was founded at the time of the Reformation, and that up to that time the only church known in England was the Roman Catholic Cliurdi. It liiid required some patientenquiry on the part of many persons, who deeply con sidered the subject before they found out the taue pejrsition of affairs. Now it had be*en fully proved both from the -reten tion of property and from the continuity of the ministry that the Church of Eng land was one, and the same ai that which gra-w np before even the State of Eng land had ceme into proper existence. Many persons were in the habit of judging rashly and thoughtlessly in regard to this matter, but if they would take the pains to read a book that touched so lightly upon the subject as "Green's History of the English People,"they would find that a great deal of their prejudice would be dissipated. These facts he took it we-readeargaintotheChnirchof England. Ithad been proved that the Church was one and the same, though with her face washed at the time of the Reformation, or as Archdeacon Trench had put it not long ago, instead of some body having swept the room outof the Church, somebody had swept the dust out of the room. Tbat was tiie position the Church of England might be said to occupy. It was the same Chnreh that had existed in England from the earliest ages, only that its face nad been washed of impurities and blots that had gathered npon it. Another important result from the contest was that many churchmen would learn to adapt their work more thoroughly to the wants of the times. (Cheers ) Any one returning to England now wonld find that the Church woik had increased during the last few years in eo extraordinary a manner that they wculd hardly recognise it as being the same church to which they belonged in the colonies. Even Noncomformist ministers who had recently visited England had been astonished at the manner in which Church work had developed. That they might be extremely thankful for, and be was sure that as the same opinions animated them as beat in the hearts of the people at home they would find bdore long tbat in Australia they would have to adapt their work more to the wants of the people than they had yet been able to do. In condusion he heartily congratulated them npon the work that the institute had accomplished, and he exhorted them to remain faithlul and true to that dear old Church of England from which they had inherited so many blessings. In the woids of Lord Tennyson's ode he would say— "Britons hold your own; God guard all." (Cheers.) Tbe Hon. H. Scott, M.L.C., seconded, and -expressed bis satisfaction with the report. He called attention to the fact that a Uttie balance was still left on the furnishing account. He urged also that members should bestir them sdves in getting the proposed piano. Especially the young men bdonging to the institution should make a point of endeavoring to increase the membership of the institute. Canon Gbekn proposed—"That the Chnreh of England Institute is deserving of the hearty support of the churchmen in tiie colony." The rtr]M)rt was sufficient to prove this, because the work done as indicated therein was of a hdpful and brotherly character, in assisting those who came here as strangers, and in gaining knowledge. As to the evangelistic spirit, he would be sorry to see it aroused any more than in the way they were pro*j*ediug, namely, lay ing the foundations of a Godly spiritual life. At the present time it was morality against immorality, and gcjdliness again-t atheism, and he did not care what shade of opinion a man held, if be would stand with him and say "I believe in God the Father, in Clod the Son, and God the Holy Ghost," he would fight with him against the common enemy. He urged the executive of the institute to anticipate a Inkewannness in its affairs. The Rev. F. S. Poole seconded. The institute was worthy of support if for nothing else than the work being done amongst thdr young men in supplying the place of a domestic sanctuary to those who lacked that blessing. It gave these the opportunity of meeting other men of a sociable nature, and of improving themselves mentaUy and physically. He im pressed npon them the necessity for increasing Christian tolerance one towards another when coming in contact with different types of Christian character, and if they could pull Tthremgh for another couple of years he would have no fear for the future of the institute. Archdeacon Farr supported the motion, and rrfa Trtd especially to the educational classes. He was pleased tn say that 25 members of the institution were attending the classes in con nection with tfae institute, aud this showed tiie great desire tiiere was on the part of some of their members to acquire knowledge. When he saw that the two practical subject?! of geology and mineralogy at the University only attraajted four and two students respectiver-ly, he thought that said a great deal for the 25 of their members who had taken up different studies. Three of them were in fact reading for matriculation. Mr. S. Dixon aluo supported. List year he had to speak of what tbey then intended to do. Of two of those things be was glad to say that the Boys' Brigade, and the other, the formation of a Sunday class for young men who were too old te attend Sunday schools. As for the Boys' Brigade they had that evening enrolled the hundredth boy, and as showing that there were little heroes among-st the lads he would like to read a. letter he had re ceived from Mr. G. Lewis in reference to the Sydney Boys* Brigade. It stated:— "My dear sir—l am delighted to hear that you aie about launr-hing 'The Newsboy-.* Brigade for Adelaide. For a season of depres sion will test and prove ibs value more accurately than a season of prosperity. You are about to handle tbe fringe of city life, and sometimes you will find more confusion than older, and very much to test tbe nerve snd backbone of the operations, the lads' lives are so chargc-d with reckless energy that it needs a strong hand and a quick eye, and all saturated with kindness to control the young wails, but the result will ?compensate for toil, anxiety, and aU tbe trouble the effort will cause. Enter the work.by becoming aU things to them. Never take tbe npper seat on platforms or they wiU lest your goodness, but with a kind hand and a laughing eye show tbem the folly of de ception, untruth, and theft, -fee. Do not be surpris-ed to find these shades of life at times da_dy maiked, but be very much surpri?c-d if you do not. I have found some of the truest instances of heroism in the* lives of onr boys that it has been my privilege to meet with in real life. I found a lad named Tut—:—thin, wasting, and occasionally shoeless from mom till late at night. This shrewd bit of experience of twdve summers Tilled his calling, ever on the alert for a sale, his eye scanning the horizon, and every face itp.tn it—a perfect Uttie mind-reader ae tar as the ntws of the day was concerned. Eveary bus-step, doorstep, and kerbstone, and his own corners knew Tuck's voice; his chums knew and trusted him. The first time I saw the lad's face with its lines of expedience I knew he was worth knowing, and he became my friend. I found that at the lad's home there were his mother, two sisters, and two brothers to be kc*t chiefly by the exertions of Tuck. The widowed mother, almost incapac itaibed from work, looked to her son to win. Medical comf orta having been provided for the mother, the lad cheer fully undertook add—iu_l duty, namdy, shoe deaning in a private boarding-house from 5 until 8 in the moming, in order to add Ss. per week to tbe home. This was continued nntil he obtained a situation ia the office of one of our morning papers through the kindness of the proprietor. The lad is now attending class at night, and turning out a true man for life. Another lad who I knew never tseemed to be walking on the right side, but, as he told me, 'things all se?em to go wrong.' Shodesta, ex cept in winter, cositless, the aon of a dissipated crew ; in all onpleasantnesses, irregularities, Ned was a shaver. Our matrons at the home in Hall always had an eye upon Ned— biuised by other hands, and b-sttered in the race tbe lad fought in. AU his surroundings tended to deprave and demoralise him nntil a situation was found for my friend Ned, where he now lives in ctunfott away from the dty, giving satisfaction to others and with oomfort to himself. I -could give you scores of other cases, bnt wiU not weary you. I am glad you are starting a banc! and bank. We have a drum and fife band of twenty-five 1-erformea-s, with an ave—age atendance of twenty-two at the pracztices. Yon would find other lines a hdp—lantern entertainment!", or readings, &c; We hold our public m-e-ating about tiie first week in June, when I hope to forward copies of reports, etc. The Master wffl guide yon in this blessed work." He deprecated strorlgly the fact that little girls were allowed to sell papers and other artides about the streets, as it led them into the reformatory, and he thought there ought to be legislation on the subject. "Ibe motion was carried. Dean Rcssei— moved—"That tbe thanks of this meeting be given to the working com mittee and officers of the institute," lie re ferred in flattering terms to the e*xe*-cutive officers. He was afraid that eome misconcep tion might be -carried away with regard to some of the remarks made that evening. For instance, there seemed to be an idea that tbere was a disposition to discourage active Christian work amongst members of the institute. If this institute were to fail in stirring np active Christian work amongst its members it would fail in tbe most impoitant part of its work. Allusion had been made to the Y.M.C.A. He had reason to resign his connection with that body, because he could not reconcile certain features of the work with the features of the Church of England, but he felt that tiie association was doing an immense amount of good among the young men of Adelaide. (Hear, hear.) He was sure that when they had beard of the troubles that had fallen upon the association, and the great personal sacrifice tbat had been made by good men to start it, tiiere could be but une feding of strong personal sympathy -with tbem, and he fdt tfaat tiie fact of the bishop holding the position of vice-president of that in stitution would result in no injury to his work as thdr honored president. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Sucibe second the motion, which was carried. The foUowing office-bearers were dected:— President, the Hon. J. C. Bray; vioe-nresi dents—the Hons. H. Scott and \\*7. A. _. West- Erskine,M.L.C.*s, Dean RusseU, Canon Green, Rev. E. W. Hayward, and Mr. W. Thow: com mittee—Revs. F. S. Poole, T. Fidel, F. V. Whitington, Mcesis. B? Patfull, W, Evans, W. Forrester, R. L. Dewley, H. E. Hughes, aod F. C. RoweU; treasurer, Mr. C. J. Sanders; secretary, Mr. F. W. Maudsley. The meeting then dosed. 