fB)iecellancou0* The Mcasnrclcss Deeps. . I think sometimes that the silence itself has a soundless ghost, - ^ 'V ? A stillness decptr than ocean, where gather the countless host ' Of shades that are shade's reflections, of glooms that are shades of gloom. And echoes of thoughts nnfatbomed which never in words find room. There aro' thonghts which move at midnight ''?? too.dcep for a vision's reach ; There arc waves deep down in silence, too strong for t ho grasp of speech : And a mystic intuition in infinite depth of ? ? : Bp'aco . ? ' ? ' ? Too fur to impress refioctions or shades on a movLil favsc. . We know in the silent chambers tho beats of adiatant heart, Wo havo seen with an inner vision the our tains of silence part, , And far in the shaded distance have read, as on magic scroll, Tho words noaound could utter, addressed to an earnest soul. There are things so deep and sacred they flee tbo approach of sound, There are ideas pure and holy no,, natural hedgerows bound, And somewhere, well adjusted, unseen, un heard, intense, Are tho truths which rench us only through a seventh mjsteribus sense' We hear not, speak not, feel not, yet we think, and trust, and know, While the viewless mystic currents sweep by -' in their endless flow, - While above the mirrored crystal there flutter ' . the ghostly wings, ? . And a song too sweet for language its jubi lant anthem brintB. . ? The grandest truth of the ages havo entered \- the heart like this, . ? Tho things we can never utter producing the ' greatest bliss; Mysterious intuitioai, swift shades of a shadow-thought, Have flooded tho. soul with Bweetness in ' miracle wonders wrought. -% We know thore are soul vibrations, a subtle and glorious bond, ?'.'?. Uniting the world material with a something so far beyond ' : That it reaches us in soul waves, too delicate far for touch, That the brightest words aro heavy and burden them overmuch. ???'?? ? So we learn its bcautious wisdom. Its peaceful currents flow. Too.far for the reach of evil, too high for the touch of woe, Too deep for our words to fathom, too soft for tho grasp of sound, - .-? In a place which God hath guarded with a silence most, profound. Then welocme the mystic messago, tho peace beyond nil compare, Toe sweet to bo grasped or measured, found but by a yoiceles3 prayer ; The sign of ay higher .presence, a rapture which may not censo Till it reach. the great Nirvana and blend in to endlesa peace. A symbol of. something, coming, revealing some time to be, The ripples of glory lapping the shore of nn . endless sea : . Tho secret of life eternal, too grand' for the ,'bonda^of speech, ? : Convoyingvaaonridle83mcsja o to the wait .- ing aoula on tho beach. So. the soul receives its message, by a route .. we may not trace, From the deeps wliero fatliomlcss silchco broods ever in endless space ; Where the finite may not measure with its puny rule and rod Tho truths which the soul '. reccivcth direct from the heart of God. . : ''/' ?????'':' J. Edgah Jones. 