Caloola's scratched, and so are liis backers. Oharles Courtney, the American oarsman, is still spouting. Up to the closing of the racing season, Arolier had riddon 1208 wins. The Geelong footballers made a great Bhow of 28 Adelaide players on the 10th. . Hanlan's backer in England is a Mr. Byrnes, We're sorry for him—that's all* The money continues to gc on Studley, at 100's to 18, and if lie stands up he'll win. • Oily Gammon is running in the Jerilderie Town Flak*. Wo wonder if he'll bo ridden by M'Beatli. Trantor, the New Zealand demon, has been heavily backed for tho Maribyrnong at 600'b to 25* The Driving Park Club have apparently nt their foot in it by removing the disqualification on the orse Lieutenant, They're still talking in America of a match between Dempsey and Mitchell, the Englishman, for a match of £2000 aside. Randwick Eaces, next meeting, will re present the grand amount of MCOSO added money, and the Boxing Day Meeting £1800, Some good coursing at Bowral on the 28th and 20th, and the Governor will be present. Wo'll bo there, too, if [t isn't too far to walk. The sum ot £25 has been generously do nated by tho Australian Jockey Club to tho jockoy, Stone, injured at the Hawkesbury Meeting. A jockey was impudently and openly bought by a bookmaker at the Peak Downs Mooting. He was disqualified, and all betB declared off. Honora, a daughter of Hawthornden Kcepsake, 15 to 1, won tho Eisternwick July Handicap in a flold of 28. Time i 5 furlongs, 1 mill. 7tsoe. Mr. A. Bolton, of Wagga, suggests for his town a ride match for £100, to bo competed for annually by Sydney, Melbourne, and Murrumbidgeo rifle meu. The Queensland Olub gives 6550 sove. towards the events of tho coming sporting season, an arrange ment that ought to make Eagle Farm the scone of big tussles. Here's a double titat's been much baoked during tho wook: Ruby for tho Hurdlo and Kmiaota for the Steeple. It might bo worth trying, it tho information Is good. The bookmakers had a return of good luok over tho Rosehlll Meeting; ana, consequently, on pay night at Tatt.'s, tho pathway wasn't crowded by the public. The Sydney footballers put the Victorians through on Saturday in tlio first Intercolonial match. Vic toria oan well spars a point or two to the windy men of Sydney. This is a sporting item. The Rev. Mr. Longbottom, ot Newcastle, lias won a brldo and a purse ot sovereigns. Mr. Longbottom ought to havo a Beat in Bar libment. • It is considered very unlikely that Jem Smith, the English champion, will meet Sullivan, the America* professor, though English baokers are talking of a match at 4)1000 aside. J ' Money still goes steadily on to thVNew Zealand hors*s, yet we - beliero the principal winner will again turn up in a certain N, S. Wales horso now undorgo lng a meek easeful preparation. A private sporting letter from 'Frisco says!—>' Paddy By** is on deck again. Ho is oonsidorlng a proposition to go to Ireland and fight Join Smith before Sullivan gets a whaefc at tho Britisher.' It shows how hurdle-racing is coming along, when we find 10 starting for tho Eisternwick Handi cap Hurdle, and I for tho open Stcoplo. There woro nearly as many jumpers on the ground as flat racers. The London Sportsman says the Thames is the best and fairest course in the world. It may be tho bOBt, but we guess it ain't tho fairest nohow. We claim for the Fairamatta river course the title of fairest. The tiokets in Tatt.'s big Ten Thousand Consultation continue to go. Ditto with Hawkesbury and Metrop. Consultations, llut the £0000—first prize—ap pears to fotoh the sportsmon all over tho colonies. Raymond Terrace is one of the most pro mising Bporting olnbs inland, and in spite of tho romarks of tho TiLiaitArn, who appears to have re-echoed a malcon tent's sontimont, its next meet will bo a big BncceBS. The entries havo iuoreased in number and quality, and tho oourBC is in good order. Some knowing men are putting their coin on to Liverpool for the Melbourno Cup, as it's almost oortatn he'll como ovor. Wo have put our half-crown on him ; whl.h, with tho five shillings risked on Trident for tho Derby, makes us lioa^lly lntorcstod in tho two big ovtnts. If wo lose, tho butchor must wait, that's all. The proposal ot the English baokers of Smith, that there shall only be five men each side at the fight for the championship v.ith Sullivan, 1b laughed at in America. They say that whether fought on Irish or English sot), tlio boyB are 1 euro to get into the know, anyhow.' Still tlte match may como off, and it will bo a fearful battle. Now that the New Zealand eruptions hare cctiBod, we may inform all Australians that DiokQreen has got red iinlr. By tho way, Dlok looks better than all the souJlerB tbnt have followed him. Ho is a steady busi ness-liko sort of a follow, and fortunately nevor took a pub., so ho i< ivor reached the apotheosis of a Bkuller. " Tho same again," If severe punishment makes jookoys honest, thon we're about to lliavo a run for our money. Kirklitun, a Balianald jookoy ; E. Taylor, a jookoy, and 0. Malonc, a trainer, both of Muulamein—out there in the bush-have all been disqualified for two years for doing the double shufUe during a race. They will probably return to rlngbarklng. Wo observe that Kildare has been run ning nt Narrandera. This reminds us ot Kildare, owned by Miss Dickson, that gallmt ' female sportsman,' who painted her hm scs and hid them for somo days In tho parlour ot a big house at Coogeo. Whero Is Kildare ? Whero is Miss Dlokion ? Is Yconmns still on Campbell's Hill ? Aro thoio an; ghosts or. East Maltland raccoourso T The East Maitland sphere-kickers gave the Carlton Olub a severe mauling in tho mateh last Satur day, tho gamo being 0 goals 18 bohinds for the gaolbirds against 3 bohinds for tho Carltons. East Maitland, at this rate, might challongo. all Australia. Thore'B a noBt of Donegaliers at East Maitland, who'd bo all at home either on an oval or at an electoral row. The 1000-yards running race between W. O. George and L. E. Myers was rnn at Madison Square Gar den, New York, on May 1. About 4000 persons woro present* Myers was a slight favourite. The race was very interest* lng. George ran tho first half-inilo in 2 mln. 8 boo. Myers, who had boon running a waiting race, then passed him, and won as he pleasedin 2 mln. C3 2-5 sec. The Bishop of Adelaide headed a deputa tion to tho Government against tho Totallsator, but said that as a Yorkshirnmon ho wos an advocate of raolng, for ho bollovod that it touded to Improvo the breed ot horses. Good on you, Mr. Bishop. Now, will you toll us how It is that tho more tho human family raco for tho winning-post at Paradlao the moro thoy bccomo a raco of cocktails? Bather a good lot of people live at Wagga; lienoo It's lint surprising to find the Wagga riflemen loworlng tho colours of tho tonm of Vlotorlan military marksmon who hnvo oomo ovor to Now South Wales to show lis how to mako bull's-eyes all the time, Tho Victorian team, who are follows of the right sort, were boateu by both tlio Curlew Ciub and the Volunteer team. We supposo tho Victorians will give us a doing before thoy return. Ned Kelly's township, Jerilderie, is to vo two dajs' grand sport on tho 27th and 28th. This is tho ght. All tho cut- throats and burglars from Melbourno omo up, first doing Deniliquin and tlion doubling back at Jerllderlo. They travel in packs, and bring noddies and dufTor notes with them. But thoy find tho Jorlldorio and Doniliquin police lively onough, and ratlinr good sport for tho sportsmon is provided. Jorlldorio races moan on tho nverago a day's racing, a ball, a dog-fight, ten boxing matohos, and whisky all round all tho tlmo. John Teemer's new boat, just ordered at Boston, in whioli ho is likely to row Hnnlon, will bo tho aranuoBt ho hns ovorrowed in. Instead of a lli inoh boam, as herotoforo, ho will squoezo himself into 10J inches. The boat will weigh but pounds, and will be built and so formed as to avoid driving tho bow under water, a trouble to whioh Toomor hns boon subject by reason of his immonso stroke. He now feels that ho has bocomo almost as finished & sculler as Hanlan, and therefore feels like using as light a boat as tho other scullors in proportion to his own weight. In the recent English Derby, tho fight from Tattenham Cornor homo, botweon Archor on Ormondo, and C. Wood on tho Bard, was one of tho grandest tho sporting world has soon. On rounding tho Cornor, Ormondo was lying third to Oracle, with tho Bard close up, fourth. A furlong and tho two leaders wero beaten, Archor then rushed Ormondo to tho front, on tho inside, and tho Bard dnshed at hiin. A quarter of a milo from home, tho un. bontun liurb hoadod Ormondo, and a bawl from tho stand proclaimed his defeat. Tho pair rapidly loft tho other horses, and tho tusulo bagau. Tho Burd kept his head in front of Ormonde, but it was only for a few momonts. Arohor sat down, nnd kooplng his mount going liko a pioco of mechanism, drow stondily on tho Barb, and in tho iaBt dozen BtrldoB drow away, and won by a longtli, amid a aceno of torrifio oxoitcinont. The Cumberland Olub had a meet at the Riding School, Doublo Bay, on Wodncidsy, and both the members and the general public rallied np strongly. Amongst thoso presotit wo noticed Mr. C. Ji. Fullur (Vice-I'realdeiitl on a liaiidsomu chestnut oolt, Mr. Turves on a brown, Mr, O King on Tlio Fisli, Mr Konnody on Unfits Dawes, Mr. James 1?. Cosgrovo on Mrs. M'Sorloy, Mr. John Townsond on Back' from tno CI rave. Mr. T, Peters on Rock oil Terror, Mr. J, Powor on 'Widow O'Brien, Mr. Barton on a lundsowe chestnut with a straight-going lady friend on a chestnut, Mr. King (Double Bay; on a bay, Mr. Bayley on Toi>sy, Mr. Byan on Daerfoot, Mr. I.amb, jun,, on that splendid jumper Tricolor, Mr Rusi on Polcetar, Mr. F. M'Donald on a handBomo bay, and about two hundred others. At thrco o'clock Mr. A. S. Robertson on Grey Douglas vtole away, and after thirty minutes the hounds were laid on, and away they went at a splendid pace through a Bmall paddock opposite Rose Bay. Tbo first fence, a stiff two-raller, brought a few down ; and a gentleman on a chestnut, after jumping it splendidly, got hung by tin chin on n wiro clothes-lino. Away over the hill, and a nlco double ; Bitno baulked, and Master Dick Murphy on Illghflycr rushed to the rescne, and, after breaking a fence, bit the dust gnllantly. However, ho soon remour.ted, and away again. The next fence was out of a sandy paddock adjoining Mr. Tom Quilty's residence, Bleak House. Six at least fell over this; and one little gentleman in particular, with gaiters, tipped over into tho sewer. jtr. Quilt; soon rendered assistance, and with some fishing tackle hauled him out. The oompany then adjourned to Mr. Tom's, anl partook ot Ills choice wine; and, after twenty minutes' breathing, the hounds were Bgaln laid on, and Mr. Lucky Huntsman, on Rocket, deserves praise for tho splendid manner in which ho worked them In the scrub. Some half-dozen madcaps of tho party hero sallied forth and had a little' diversion' in romping in nml out ot a Chinaman's garden. Mr. Power, on Widow O'Brien, came to grief in getting out, and Mr. Townsend jumped on to him. Aftor n spin of about two miles more tho huntsmon ran into cover. Dragsman and all then started for home, well pleased with tho day's outing. It might be worth mentioning that Mr. Townsend's maro did one of tho neatest jumps over soon around this location. Coming to a fence about 4ft. 8in, with tramUno the other side, she olearcd.it like n bird, •midst olicors from tho onlookers. 