SPOKTING. SPORTING NOTES PROM VICTORIA. fBr Tbumpatob.1 Mr. Bond has no reason to regret holding the Oakleigh Handicap Meeting before the V.R.C. Autumn. Saturday was a lovely lav. and there was a verv large attendance at Caulheld. Many' people complain that racing is being overdone in Victoria, and that Booner or later some steps will have to be taken to limit the number of meetings held round ? Melbourne. Backers may be setting scarce, but there ia no sign of the public having had too much of the sport, nor is there any fallingoiF in the size of the fields. On Saturday the Stand and paddock were well filled, and not less than ninety-three horses Btarted for bix events. No better »gn of the flourishing condition of the turf could be provided, and I fancy it will be a onetime before there is any necessity for Parliament to step in and cheok the action of the clubs. The feeling in favour of the totalizator is becoming very strong both here and in Sydney, and the time will come when the Legislature will be asked to sanction the use of the instrument. The clubs .here can quite well afford to race without the machine, but the public are getting tired of the bookmakers' monopoly, and the totalizator is wanted as a protection to backers. Melbourne literally swarms with small bookmakers, and the totalizator advocates argue that these little men will be swept away if the machine comes into force while the big me will be able to live. William Tell would ha e paid a big dividend on Saturday, as althonp,t the layers would not bet more than lOtol against his chance, he had not many supporters, and no good stokes were won over tne race. It seemed to be tacitly, understood that Vanderbilt, a small wiry-looking brown belongingto Mr. O'Brien, was a good thing for the Hurdle Race, and although there were sixteen runners 2 to 3 was taken about Batty 's mount before the flag; fell. The face was run at a great pace, Deringa and Sinking Fund carrying them along till within half a mile of home, when Royal Maid became very prominent, and when she came into the straight with a clear lead it looked any odds on her winning, but in the run home Batty brought up the favourite, and the mare tiring under her big weight, Van derbilt caught her and won a great race }y half a head. Royal Maid might have won as the race was run if Fergnsson had not made so much use of her, but Vanderbilt struck a hurdle or two at the back of the course or he would have been on the scene earlier. Insolvent was not backed, the Ballarat party going for Chatsworth. Master John, who looked as fit aa bands could make him, was. a great tip for the Criterion Stakes, Jand at the finish his owner was taking 6 to 4 about his chance. Aglads, a New Zealand bred colt in Mr. F. F. Dakin's stable, was next in demand, and the run on these two enabled the Nun's admirers to get on at the nice price of S to 1. The Nun Has filled out very much since the spring, and was quite the pick of the party in the matter of looks. They were some time at the post, and when the flag f6ll the Nun jumped away with the lead. Richworth stuck to her until she nearly fell in the straight, but after this the Kingston filly held her own cleverly, and just got home from Mistral, Munwyrtina, and {Master John. ^The last named colt was ridden by a green lad, and lost all chance through being shut ia on the rails when he tried to make hia run. With a clear berth from the turn, I fancy he would have about won. Directly betting opened on the Oakleigh Handicap The Israelite was made favourite at 4 to 1, and he must have been entrusted with a deal of . money in the paddock. Tho little fellow looked remarkably well when Btripped, and he is such a beautiful horse that he gamed a host of friends as he walked round the paddock. That the son of Blue gown should be such a favourite in this field with 8 st. 9 lb. on his back rather puzzled me ; but ever since he won the Spring Handicap the racing world has had its eye on him, and a cumber of backers were waiting to row in the same - boat with the porky little brown the first tune he was backed. Since the spring The Israelite has thickened out very much, and he now lookB like being able able to carry any fan: racing weight. Coronet struck me as being very big, and as he pulled up lame I am afraid Griffiths has no chance of winning a race with him this autumn. The Ghost ia still a mystery, but the handicappers keep the weight on him just as they did with The Israelite, and I dare say time will prove the wisdom of this policy. Silver Mine reminds me a deal of Navigator; but he is bigger, and being a good deal on the leg may improve with time. Breeze was very fit, and so was Delamia. William Tell I did not see in the paddock, but I remember him at Eleternwick as a big upstanding chesnut, showing a good deal of daylight, but no particular beauty. They wete Kept at the {lost some time, but at last the flag fell to a air start. The Israelite and Silver Mine I notice get away well, and they ran side by Bide at the heels of Delamina and Breeze to the turn. Here Israelite on the outside began to leave Silver Mine, and going up to thej leaders his backers felt very happy until entering the Btraight, when Weasel suddenly pulled out the whip, and then it was seen that William Tell had slipped up on the inside and had the race at Mb mercy. The Lockleys horse ran as straight as a line, but the up- country chesnut fairly outpaced him and won by a length and three quarters. The time was a second and a half better than Malua's, and now that it is all over there can be little doubt that The Israelite party were quite lustified in think ing they bad a fair thing. Silver Mine, Salvo, and St. Odille each carried a 7 lb. penalty, but the mare and Salvo were never in the hunt. Silver Mine ran well, and he must Btill have a show for the Newmarket. ! Ten did battle for the Steeplechase, Studley and Lady Ashtcn being the favou rites. The more led for a mile, when she fell, and the good-looking Morven got a regular purler at the second fence. Pride then carried them at a crackine pace, and he was going like a lion' when he fell at the mud wall. Progress and Patchwork also fell here, and the race was reduced to old Euchre and Studley. The latter has a fine turn of speed, and he smothered Euchre for pace in the run home. The Selling Race proved an easy thing for Gold Top, though Dirk Hatteraiok showed plenty of pace for hall a mile. Jocular struggled into second place and waB claimed, but Head gave the buyer £10 and got the colt again, Duration was a great public fancy for the Hawkesburn Handicap, but he was too sore to jump away with hiB field, and was never able to get within cooey of the leaders. The race produced a grand struggle between Ringm&8:er, Lesbia, and Gipsy's Warning, Ringmaster, who was. wonderfully fit, Beemed to be beaten at the distance, but he came again, and just got home by a neck. The winner was heavily backed after the horses were at the post, and the Btable must have thrown in for a good stake. ' William Tell is favourite for the Newmar ket Handicap, but his admirers can still get on at 100 to 12, which seems a very nice price considering the style in which he won last Saturday. Barring Malua 1 have never seen any horse show such a brilliant dash of foot at the end of a fast -run race as the big chesnut displayed on Saturday. Of course the straight course may not suit him ; many horses Bwerve badly when! galloping up the Flemington straight, but there is no reason to Buppose that William Tell will not run kindly, and if he does the Israelite, Silver Mine, and Co. must go down before him again. Mr. Crozier's hone will run as Btraight as an arrow, and is well able to get tne distance, so that if his Caulfield conqueror fails the Lookleys party may Btill win their money. Silver Mine will carry, 10 lb. less' than he did on Saturday, and 1 fancy he can be made a little better. The reduction in weight may not assist him very much, but he seemed rather green on Saturday, and the extra time will serve him. Foulsham Ib said to have another slippery, customer in Bonnie Doon, the Tasmanian filly. Malua was backed on Friday, and if he is well on the day he will command a very large public following. News from Sydney is not favourable to Honeydew, butNepicatuna (6 at. 9 lb.) ia said to be a useful outsider. . Juanna is going well, and is likely to be the best of Tothill'a. Napier is wonderfully well in, and Lang has got him in something like his old form, bat his legs look so bad that I should not care .to back him before the day. The beet of Whittingham's will have friends despite Xantippe's display in the Oakleigh Handi cap. 1 have always favoured the idea that Claptrap should run well, and I Btill think he will be the best of the Mordialloc lot, though Merrimu will run. forward if he goes. There was commission in the market for Tarpeia on Monday, but I would much rather stand Quintin Matseys. This'is a very brilliant gentleman in private, but he has yet to prove his excellence in public. Copra is coming down from Sydney, and if well she must be dangerous. Evie I have heard nothing about, and! do not think any of the unplaced lot on Saturday can have a show. Uralla is still greatly fancied by the Sydney division, butlmuBt pass over her. Malua, William Tell, 'Israelite,; Claptrap. Juanna, and S-lver Mine area lot likely to provide the places, and after seeing him run on Saturday I have a great partiality for William Tell. Matchlock, at the time of writing, is first favourite for the Australian Cup, but there has, not been much betting, and it is only the , reputation/ Of the Btable which has given the son* of Musket his' position. Duration has gone to '100 to 8, and I should be sorry to take that price about him. Sardius, the touts declare, is oing off every day, but some of them aeent o think TothQl has a good oolt in Affluence. Brace Darling looked well enough on Satur day, but the offers of 100 to 8 against her told that Mr. Reid did not anticipate seeing her win the Hawkaburn Handicap. There may beadiiferent tale to tell on the Australian Cap day. For the Champion Race Sheet Anohor is favourite at 4 to 1, but Malua will quickly oust him from that position if the stable make a move. Nordonfeldt is scratched for all engagements. Several changes have taken place in the betting market since yesterday morning. After his gallop Israelite waa backed for the Australian Cup, and quickly became a favourite at 100 to 12 to-day. However, the commissioner who supported the Lookleya horse yesterday turned round and laid 500 to t0, and then 500 to 50; but the horse is all right, and this waa probably a ruaa to drive him to a larger price. Minerva ia ateady at 10 to 1 offered, and 100 to 8 might be had about Matchlock. For the New market there baa been another run on Malua, and an attempt was made to make him favourite, but I think I am safe in saying that the stable have not put anything on Lim yet, and that if he rung in the Newmarket Mr. Ioglis and not Robertson will ride. Before the Ring broke up today 600 to 100 was wanted on Ma\ua for the Champion, but no one would lay. William Tell waa a little weaker while the money was going on klalua, but he 1b firm again at 8 to 1, and Israelite ia in good demand at 100 to 8. Silver Mine remainB at 100 to C, aud Juanna at 100 to 4, but Quintin haa retired to 100 to 3. Honeydew and Bonnie Doon stand at 100 to 4. but they were not saleable goods ;o-day. Ihere -was no fast work thia morn ing. 