The ?policy implied by the much, hackneyed yet very expresive, phrase, ' agin- one' s-oiok- door,' may undoubtedly be carried Jtoo far by the parliamentary as by tho muni ciiml renrssentativo : vet, where the parliamentary representative is either too much of a purist or too much of a 'soft- head ' to act in accordance with that policy, his constituency must needs suffer loss, — at ?least, such must inevitably be the conse quence in this colony where the ' aginone't r own-door' principle is praotically the guiding .??one with some seven-tenths, if not more, .?of the honorable gentlemen who have the ? right to attach M.L.A. to their names. The v member of Parliament, who cannot make up j his mind to act upon it — and we admit that ? there are but few who' cannot do so, — -virtually sacrifices his constituency to his -: scrupulousness or his inertness. Metro ? politan journalism is accustomed to talk in a -very lofty, hifalulin way indeed about -the intrinsic viciousness of the principle in question — that is, when the practical applica tion of it in* no way concerns Sydney. ?Otherwise, they philosophically regard it \- without «o much as a suspicion of disfavour. At all events, when Sydney -ceases to receive ?direct substantial benefit from the policy re ferred to, it will be quite time enough, in ?our humble opinion, for the provincial ? mammal* rtf Pflrliotnortf dflfllVAn trt lift ?perfectly loyal to the best interests of Ms .constituency, to think about refraining from acting upon it.|£If there were anything like .* reasonably fair apportionment of -revenue to the general services of the State -considered (as the whole community) the ??ooner tihat Hheagin^He's-ewn-door policy was ' abrogated for -good and all, the better. So ?much we cordially admit. But, inasmuch . as the .distribution -of Government expendi , rture over the several distriets into which the .colony is subdivided, rests almost entirely ? upon the amount of favour .with which the \- local members of Parliament are respectively ' held by the powers that be, or upon the amount jot importunity with which they respectively , urge the elaime of their electorates, it is of ? no sort of use at all for a member, who doesn't happen to be ' a whiteheaded boy' -with the oecupants of the Treasury benches, ? to stand upon ceremony or upon any affecta \- ' tion of peculiar scrupulosity. In a big . Mromble he would be indeed two ends of An idiot who did not make a strong rush and ' ' .'. A vehement struggle for what he could '- .? secure of the good things thrown into the ? arena, more especially if he were morally certain that there were no other possible jneani by which there was the slightest ghost of a chance of his securing anything ? worth having on behalf of his constituents. . In countries, where under various names and ;?? systems the healthy principle of responsible \- Local Government has been introduced ; where it actually obtains and where, as the logical consequence of such an excellent in stitution, the State Parliament has no need whatever to concern itself with matters of -mereloeal detail, it is of course perfectly unnecessary for honorable members to have recourse to the narrow, and in very fnatiy ways objectionable, aginone'town deor principle of action. But, unhappily, in sunny New South 'Wales, the Mother . -.. Colony of the Australias, where Local Government is only as yet a mere shadowy vague promise, looming in an apparently very distant future, and whore revenue is distributed on the wholesale scramble system (or rather non-system,) thatparticular district must needs be wholly out of all chance of participating in any good thing, whose JI.P. is dither not acquainted with the art of obstinate importunity or who is averse to putting it into practioe. It is no use mincing the matter — if the reasonable ? and just claims of a district are not con-, tinually kept before the eyes of the Govern ment of the day they are almost certain to bo ignored. Moreover, sometimes quite small insignificant local requirements are of j an absolutely essential oharactor ; and where j ?there are no local means, or (as it often : chances) where, supposing there are local means, there is no local authority in a legal position to expend those means, it is surely only reasonable j that the .elaim to have those requirements satisfied should be urged in season and out i of season until it be complied with. W here ! the local revenue is very considerable and : the Government expenditure upon essentials ; in the locality is comparatively very small, it is (as we conceive) ouly right and proper that the local M.P. should utilise the art of obstinate importunity to the utmost, pressing the proper claims of his constituency even at the risk of earning at the hands of the . pon-wielders of metropolitan journalism the name of being an ag in-one' s-own-door legis- 1 lator. Metropolitan members of Parliament — and their name is legion — manage to work the said art in such a way that their con stituencies shall suck in a considerable share o£ Treasury nutrition, and they do this by most consistently and persistently dealing on the direct lines of the phrase under review. Now (as wo take it) not until that sort of heal suction has ceased, ought provincial Ms. P. to allow the sneers of the very people who most benefit by actiug upon the principle (which they ingeniously but dis ingenuously maugn ot sec purpose; tu divert tliem from urging, ; in the only practical way that is likely to ensure their being attended to, the local claims of their several districts— claims which, although provincial, boar to the sum total of the whole com munity's claims the same relation that is borne thereto by the every whit as local claims of the pampered metropolis. Probably the greater share of the sneers levelled by metropolitan journalism at the provincial members, who aro- honest in pressing tho claimsoftheirdistricts, is reserved for those who are regarded as only roads a 'id-bridges log-i.-ilai.ors. Jfutv ft roadsand Iridges legislator may be vury 'small potatoes' as compared with a Wentwor h or a Lang, but, if lie only be honest and a good roads-and-bridges legislator, ho deserves to be classified higher than a rowdy Wisdom or a backboneless Jennings. The develop ment the proper settlement, of the interior, depends a great deal more upon the plentiful reticulation of roads and bridges and culverts than it does upon interminable dis cussion upon impracticable Federation sohomes, or othor matters of similarly high but equally nebulous character. Less wind' bag-gy inflation on the part'of our ?? Orator ? Puffs, and more plain commonsensicul attention to the domestic matters whiiili diroctly concern the dovolopmout of the Country districts — these aro what is wanted, if real Prosperity is to bo attracted agiti'ihc door of New South Wiilos. 