THE PHANTOM SHIP. [BY A SEAFARER.] I spent an hour at Weevil's house the other night in the East End, and met there a friend of his Captain Pitt, well known as old Paul Bill, about the docks that way. Weevil hndBlippsd his Sunday clothes to do. the honours of.his.houso in, and looked a very smart and hearty old man in his velvet waistcoat, high shirt collar, and black cloth frock coat. Bill is an old fellow with little eyes sunk deep in his head, as though driven below their natural bearings by the gales of wind he had peered into, yet they are not so deep as to conceal the good humour and North country shrewdness that twinkled in them. He stands about Weevil's height, and has the restlessness of the seaman, incessantly slowing himself on his chair to look at Weevil or me while speaking, occasionally jump- ing on to his feet, and pacing the little room with the same pendulum step he would employ in walking a quarter dock. There were no ladies to apologise to for filling our i pipes, and we had not been long seated before the room grow dim with tobacco smoke. Old Weevil was in the midst of an opinion he was delivering upon the subject of over-in tjurance, whilst Bill sat jerkily watching him with his face full of eager and triumphant argument, when we i heard a sort of sullen knock at the hall door, and in a moment or two a servant entered and said, "Please, sir, Captain Spanker." AYoevil started, and I thought looked as if he would like to tell the servant not to show Spanker in, but if that were his wish, it was too late, for the captain had followed upon the girl's heels, and stood in the doorway as she ' backed out into the passage. I looked | up with surprise at the immensely tall, long-legged, knock kneed, long armed, and, I may add, long- haired figure that was in the act of advancing to shake hands with Weevil. That he was a nautical man I could scarcely for the moment believe, though I am not amongst those who suppose that the sailorman unmistakable object for dress' and peculiarities She had a gaunt, yellow face, that terminated at the chin in a small bush of wiry grey hair. His eyes were uncommonly large and fine, in t risely black, and full of lustre, and the squareness and character of his fore- head suggested no small intellectual power. But I do not know that I ever saw a more melancholy face. Parson Adams slightly tippy, and in a condition of mind bordering upon fearfulness, might convey some idea of what spanker looked like as he thrust forth one immense leg, and extended his long right arm, with the sleeve of his coat high enough to show a thin and very bony wrist, and approached Weevil. " Well, Spanker," exclaimed my friend. " How are you, Captain 1 There's a chair. Put your hat down ;" and here old Weevil introduced Bird and myself. Spanker saluted us each with a melancholy mood, and said in a deep and hollow voice, but with a distinctly cultivated accent, " I hope I don't intrude, Weevil. I could not guess, of course, that you were entertaining friends If this climate had the warmth of the golden South, instead of being an atmosphere saturated with damp, every precipitated drop of which is rendered poisonous by a hundred noxious element, why then people would leave their windows open, I and a man by being able to see into his I friend's room could judge for himself whether he was likely to prove a trespasser or not." "What will you have, Spanker?" said Weevil, looking at me with a peculiar expression, whilst I gazed with real curiosity at the new comers grotesque figure, and his extraordinary features, whose peculiarities took fresh accentuation from his language and articulation. "A little brandy," answered Spanker, in a dismal and depressing voice that vibrated upon the ear like the burr in a Scotchman's speech. Bill looked frightened of him it was evident that they had not met before and old Weevil seemed suddenly to think a little explanation necessary. Bill, Spanker"s one of us, I must tell you. Had the old Doldrum for five years, likewise the North Pole, that was burnt whilst lying off Madras ; Spanker saving his life by a miracle." By a spare room," said Spanker. "It was a miracle, too, though, and I recollect keeping a shark off for two hours by kicking it." I '. I knew the ships," said Bill, with a ' glance at Spanker's clothes and legs, as if he couldn't reconcile them with the nautical calling. Many more ships, young man, many more ships that I've had command of might you know," said Spanker, sepulchral, fixing his glowing eyes upon little Bill, whilst he loaded a huge meerschaum pipe out of Weevil"s tobacco jar. "I suppose you are aware, sir, be continued, that it was send of old that those who go down to the sea in ships see many wonders." " YBB," said Bill uneasily, " I have heard the saying." " Is your friend a nautical man. Weevil?" asked Spanker, referring to Bill. "Aye I Pure Stockholm," responded Weevil laughingly, " and this gentleman ?" continued Spanker, turning his hatchet face upon me. They call me a Seafarer," I responded, struck by the peculiar power and brilliancy of his fine eyes. He he exclaimed, "and, pray, what wonders, sir," addressing But, was it your fortune to encounter whilst at Ena?" "Why," answered But, "the only striking wonder I can recall is my coming out of it alive and whole after forty year." "Did you over see a ghost ?" said Spanker, with an impetuosity that made Bitt start. " What sort of a ghost?" answered Bill looking at Weevil as though he would have Spanker restrict his conversation to his friend. " What sort of a ghost ?" cried the melancholy man in a voice of mingled pity and scorn, surveying Bite by beginning at his foot and sending his burning eyes travelling up his waistcoat to his hair. " Why, man, I mean a thing that is visible but impalpable ; an apparition that would arrest your foot- step though you could walk through it an embodiment of passion and sorrow and remorse as thin as the viewless air, yet BE substantial as Weevil there." Here Weevil, pulling out an immense pocket handkerchief, asked me if I didn't find the room rather warm. I am afraid I was too much interested by Speaker to answer him. "What sort of a ghost?" continued Spanker, raising his voice and sending a flaming glance at Bill, "Why, man, something as dry as the grey ash in your pipe, but as full of misery as living human heart could contain ; something that you dare not touch with your material fingers, less the afflicted essence should crumble away in powder, yet so real that this pipe isn't solider," and he brought his meerschaum down with a whack upon the table. I could see my friend Weevil growing unhappy. It was evident he knew what was coming. For my part, I was not sorry I sat near the door. Little Bill, nervously nursing his knee, said, with his pipe between his teeth, " Singular things, ghosts ; but I have no acquaintance with them, and don't want to have it." " and pray, sir," said I, speaking very deferentially for I protest the man frightened me with his long arms and blazing eyes, " where may you have seen the particular kind of ghost you refer to, I mean the powdery and afflicted ghost? Not at sea, Surely?" I added, venturing a joke, '' for unless the fo'c'sle is very much changed, a nautical ghost need be at no pains to keep himself damp." Weevil looked at me with a woebegone face, as much as to say, "Now for it." I had manifestly drawn the plug, and the contents were bound to flow. Captain Spanker put down his pipe, emptied his glass, smoothed his hair down with his large hands, clasped his fingers tightly upon his somewhat shabby waistcoat, and, fixing his eyes upon the wall directly over Bill's head, began as follows: "I commanded the old Doldrum in 1851 ; this was the third time that I had had charge of her. We were bound to Bombay with a general cargo. She was a lumping sort of craft, with bows like an apple, wall-sided and flat-bottomed, but a good ship, stiff as a church, and dry as a bloater, though for rolling, Weevil, there never was an old cask that could beat her. She had short topgallant masts, and a assessed looking stone, with her name, Doldrum, in' glaring white letters right across it, so that I've seen them, some; times in a dead Calm standing in the shadow under the counter like the poet's epitaph-a name written in water. We were to the westward of the Cape, south of the Trades and it was summer time for the Southern Hemisphere. Ever since we had the Trades, which had proved light winds and promising us a long voyage, we had met with variable breezes, chiefly head winds and mighty bothersome.. I've known the old Doldrum do eight knots with a gale of wind on the quarter, but then I kept her under a press of canvas that promised to blow the masts over the bow. That being her boat race, you may imagine there was not much to be got out of her on a bowline. I left the' dock one evening when a soft air was breathing right over the storm, just enough to give the ship steerage way. We'd got stun sails out on both sides, and the Doldrum was quietly rolling in a dreamy sort of way over the long swell that came so unwrinkled to the counter you'd see the reflection of a star widening out like wire, Upon the rounded heave of it. Young man, said Spanker, continuing to speak with his eyes fixed on the wall over Bill's head, "you'll have used the sea long enough to know what I mean, when I say that'twasorieof those nights you got on the polar verge of the tropics, when a sort of hash seems to have been sounded throughout the visible creation, when the weak blowing of the draught of air is like the breath of the ocean regularly following the rising and falling of its breath when the stars wink drowsily, as though the spirit of the report was being felt by them, when then the ship like a sentient creature nods to the soft cradling movement, while the dark air amongst her ringing, full of sparkles of starlight like constellations of fireflies is made solemn and mysterious by the tender flapping of the canvas striking with faint hollow notes down upon the, deck, as though by heavens I Bltt, the air was full of phantoms flapping their invisible wings. Eh man 1 oh man ! isn't it so isn't it so turning his lustrous eyes first upon Weevil then upon me, and then fixing a look upon little Bill that appeared to steady that mariner's attention as the uncomfortable anatomy in Coleridge's poem constrained the Wedding Guest. The strange, gaunt man continued without waiting for an answer : " But, when I left the deck it was half-past nine. The chief mate was in charge, there was a hand at the wheel, forward all was dark and still I stood a moment in the companion to watch the rising moon. It stole up out of the sea upon our port quarter, a mighty crimson globe, as though, Weevil-and this was the fancy it begot the passions of its inhabitants were diver and deadlier even than those which animate the people of this earth, and that the blood-like appearance came of the earnings of a thousand frightful battle-fields." "The moon is not inhabited," said Bill, mildly. Weevil winked at him. Spanker, taking no notice, proceeded : " But the unholy looking light of the majestic orb softened into rose, and then into gold even as I watched. Her sun-coloured sparkling beam delicately flashed up the sea-line all round, and showed an expanse as bare as a desert plain." Mark that gentlemen. Bare as a desert plain, he repeated, in his raven notes, and sighing deeply. "I went below, entered ray cabin, and lay down. I fell asleep, but woke suddenly with a start of terror, and heard my heart thundering in my ears. I sit up in my cot, and started around the cabin. Nothing stirred. I listened, but heard nothing save the quick hammering of the pulse in my ears. My forehead was bedecked with perspiration, my hands ice-cold and clammy. What could this signify 1 I could feel the ship swayed by the swell, and the scuttle in my cabin was filmed over with the sheen of the yellow moonshine. I knew that all must be well with the ship. No cry had aroused me. What, then, had caused this sudden leaping up out of sleep that should have been soothed by the deep silence 1 "I dropped out of my cot, and crept up the companion in my socks. I stood as before in the companion way, looking around me. The moon had now soared to the mizzen topsail yardarm. The sea all that way was clear, but when I cast my eyes to starboard I saw so strange and wonderful a sight that the mere naming of it to you sets my heart beating violently afresh." He helped himself to some | brandy and water whilst we watched him in silence. " The spectacle gentlemen," he continued, with a tremble in his deep throated voice, was a ship built after a pattern rendered familiar to us moderns by Dutch and other paintings of a century and a half to two centuries ago. 'Twas not that there was not light enough, for the moon was gushing her radiance down upon the thing in a perfect rain of soft gold ; it was a sort of vagueness in her, an unsubBt&ntiality; that was yet well this side of materiality, which rendered her elusive to my gaze. I mean there were points in her features of her construction, that were not determinable by the sight. This much I can tell you, she was painted yellow, if yellow were the dim, churchyard hue that I marked her hull was coated with. She was low in the bows, with a great spring aft, crowned by a kind of double poop, one above another, and what I could see of her stern was almost pear-shaped, supposing the fruit inverted, with the stalk sliced off. She had three masts, each with a large protected circular top, resembling turrets ; sails of the tex- ture of cobwebs hung from her square yards, and I could see the stars shining through them. I could also see figures watching us or moving along her rail, faint and glimmering shapes, pallid as any dim lustre of phosphorus flashing out from her sickly side as she rolled. There was an indescribable smell in the air OF of decayed timber. " Pah !" he exclaimed, wiping his mouth with his handkerchief, " 'twas the sickness flavour of decay, such as you shift on entering an old vault full of coffins mouldering to dust. I ran to the chief mate, who was leaning against the rail, with his arms folded upon his chest and his back to the phantom. He was sleep- ing heavily, breathing with a stertorous sound. I shook him violently, but could not waken him. An indescribable fear now possessed me. I strode on trembling knees to the helmsman, but found him in a deep sleep too, erect, but supported by his grip of the spokes. His chin was upon his bosom, and his breathing was like that of one whs suffocates. I would have called to the men forward, but had no voice. Nay, what I dreaded was that I should find them as the mate and helms- man were. I staggered to the rail, and seizing the belaying pin for support stood looking, incapable of more. Even BE I watched I noticed the crawling of little lambent flames from the side of the ship, and upon her masts and her yards. They were like the things you see in the rotten wood, and they made the picture of that ship horrible. Whither had she come 1 What ghostly wind had blown her to where she was 1 When I had stepped below, the sea was bare as I told you. There she lay dead abreast of us within easy hailing distance, and some magical power within her enabled her to keep her place, neither passing us nor suffering us to drop her by a fathom, though the light wind still blew, and we with extended stern sails were crawling before it. Presently I noticed a figure, remarkable for his stature, spread himself on the taffrail, the boldest point of the hall, where his shape stood out against the moonshine on this side, and the low-lying years beyond. 'Twas evident to me, by his motions and gestures that we was bailing me, but I could hear no sound. He swung his arms with a movement of entreaty and misery, and presently I beheld another figure approach him, and hand him what I could distinctly perceive to be a speaking trumpet, but still no sound reached me. The figure left the taffrail and disappeared, and in a minute or two a little boat, lowered apparently from the side of the ship that was hidden from me, stole into the moonlight out of the shadow of the tall stern. The boat slipped along the water, urged by a pair of oars that were soundless as they dipped, and emitted no sparkle, nor stirred the least gleam of phosphorus upon the water. Shocnnioclosouudorwhorolwasstanding. | There woro\ttirco men in her, and they turned their faces up to me, and the one. wherever the stem shoots, and who was clearly the shape that had sought to speak with me from the taffrail, stood up. ' His lips moved, he waved his hands, but either he was voicoloBS, or the spell that had fallen upon the ship was on me too, and had turned me stone deaf. Would you have to describe those faces and those men. Captain Bill ? Draw me a night- mare that has wrenched you with agony in your slumbers and I will tell you, man, you lie !-. Your brush or your pencil or your pen is false to the horror, and waking memory wheats you." He emptied his glass and rose from his chair. We instantly got up, too, not knowing what his next move might be, though I suspect that Weevil was influenced by the wish that, by his prompt rising, he might make Spanker understand he had enough of him. " Weevil," exclaimed the end, gaunt man, "I am a trespasser. Good-night." "Not at all," said Weevil, cheerily " but, since yoU Will go, why, then, good night " Spanker looked hard at me and very for- bidding at little Bill. "Good night, gentlemen," said he, giving us a singular bow and, taking up his hat and stick, he stalked like a tragedy actor out of the room and out of the house. "Poor fellow 1" I exclaimed. I " Dooold rum ship that," said Captain Bird, with the old merry twinkle coming into his little eyes. " He didn't' tell us her name, though." "I know it," observed Weevil, with a sigh. "What?" asked Bitter " The Sunstroke," said Weevil, , 