; traveller. In Its Rains. Almostsix hundred years before that Birtn at Bethlehem which gives modern time its , index— namely, in 582 n c., the year when the Isthmian games were restored — a cast of colonists, swarming out of Gels, not very far off, founded Acragas, which after wards became, as Pindar wrote, ' the most beautiful city of mortals.' They could not have chosen a fairer spot on all the ooast of this fair island of Sicily, rich as it everywhere is in loveliness and charm. Broken and accentuated ground gave natural ramparts to the city and the ma jesty of domination to the temples; while the wide stretch of blue sea in front brought the beauty and burden of ships to the port, which opened-it3 gates to its friends and shut them like a trap against its foes. J upiter and Minerva — or, more correctly, Zeus and Athene — were the tutelary deities of the city. -The one was Zeus Atabyrius, an awful form of Moloch ; the other was the wise grave god- ' : dess worshipped by the Bhodiaas at Lindus — from which city came the original colonists of dela, bringing their familiar deity with them. We have all' heard of Phalaris the tyrant of Acragas, with his red-hot brazen bulls, in which he roasted men alive. But we do not all know that this was not only from wanton cruelty; though, as with the Inquisition of later times, much personal hatred and malice might have been more \- mixed up'with it ; but that it was also one form of religious superstition of the kind only too oommon in all faiths. Greek feel ing, however, did net tolerate human saori- . flees. Milk and honey, fruit and flowers, And poor innocent beasts, which at the worst : served aftewards for food, were offered to the gods, to gain favour or ward off punishment. But save in very rare and exceptional in stances, of which Iphigenia and her subse quent cult are the moBt notable, the deities of Hellas were not propitiated by the blood and tears of man. The men of Acragas there fore, soon rose up in horror and indignation -against Phalaris and banished him for his blood-guiltiness ; for all that he had greatly embellished the oity — always a claim oh the gratitude of citizens. Among other things, he built a temple to Jupiter Poleius, the founder of cities,' on the sight of which, and in a manner incorporated with while over- powering the older fane, is the Christian ohurch of Sta Maria dei Greci. Thereon, that wise and benevolent despot, whose tomb is still to be seen, was the real star of Acragas. Ho made that Greek luxury, a spacious fish-pond ; he built the best of the .temples, of which the ruins still remain to attract travellers from countries then un known, but now dominant, while all this ma jestic past is but a memory and a name ; and Pindar celebrated and extolled him, which perhaps is the firmest holding on immorality that he possesses. Among others, he built the temple now called Juno Lacinia; that is, the same Juno as was worshipped at Laoi- num ; as a modern Catholic might dedicate a chureh to Sta Maria della Catena, or di Gesu, or della Pista, &c.;, always the same goddess, but with specialised attributes. It was for this temple that Zauxis painted his famous picture of Juno, taking for his models the five most beautiful virgins of Acragas, and producing a masterpiece such as the ' world had never seen before. But the forces of nature, like the passions of men, have no resDect for works of art, whether in paint or in "stone. Earthquakes and Btorms, winds, frost, and fire did their work of destruction on all these splendid conceptions and perfect achievements of genius ; and Saracen and Norman completed the ruin which Cartha- ' gihian and Roman had begun. And now we ha7e of Acragas, ' the most beautiful city of mortals,' only the uninteresting little town of Girgenti'; and the ruins of the ancient temples. But what ruin3 I Out on the edge of the rock stands the beautiful and still perfeot sk3leton of the Temple of Concord. It needs no great sketch of fancy to reconstruct the past, to repeople the void, to call back from that dim and misty Hades where the pale ghosts wander mournfully, the forms of those who once filled the temple with love, and light, and youth and beauty, with.musio and song and the fervent prayers of pious souls, asking the benign Goddess of Peace to shed her influence over men, and stay both war and slaughter. The beautiful Sicilian girls who were the realisations of the nymphs and younger goddesses, some sing ing, some playing, others bearing baskets full of fruits and flowers — their soft feet falling in measured tread and the rhyth mic swaying of their bodies making visable mueic to the eye ; the stately matrons, grander and graver, the Ju'nos, the Dameters com pleted, to whom life had brought its cares as well its fulfilled joys, its imperative duties as well as its pleading loves ; the young men Scanning the maidens and falling in love at £ glance, as love is kindled into flame by a spark; the husbands and the elder fathers, occupied with things and indifferent to beauty; the poor dumb beasts, garlanded with flowers, and led to the slaughter as offerings to gods slow to save and quick to punish, as even the gentle gods of Greeoe themselves were : — all file along the paved road and up the marble steps, and range themselves within the columned hall, which then had no Christian arches to block up the space. The oymbals clash and clang: the shrill note of the double pipe sounds far and' dear ; and the echoes of the sacred songs oome back from shaft to wall in a full diapa son of joyous melody. Who cannot bring baek that scene, as he stands among the asphodels and violets, and forgets time and space in memory ? Father away is that Temple of Juno Lacinia, already spoken of, where the skeleton is by no means so perfeot as this, and where the zed hand of fire ha3 left its crimson touch on the old gray stones. Farther still are the ruins of the Temple of Hercules, .from which the infamous governor Yerres, he who was denounced by Cicero in one of his most eloquent orations, attempted to steal the magnificent bronze statue of the god ; send ing his slaves at night to prise down the sacred ioon ; but failing — as the pious of the time said, by the miraculous energy of Hercules himself workeing through his effigy — until the horrified men of "what was then Agrigentum, no longer Acragas, and not yet Girgenti, rushed to the rescue and delivered their d9ity from harm. And there is still more undistinguishable chaos of the Temple ; of Jupiter — ruined before finished — where the great oaryatid lies prone on the greensward, like one of the old gods despoiled of his glory disjointed, broken, destroyed, preserving only the dim and ronghened outlines, but wanting all that made the life and beauty of the faith. \- Near to these confused ruins is the beautiful little upright fragment of the Temple of Castor and Pollux, those 'twin'sons of Leda who Btand as the emblems of fraternal fidelity. The air is full of old-world memories, and involuntarily that noble hymn by Theocritus to the Dioscuri comes to us like a living sound wafted by strange singers across the scented bean-fields — " dear work-steads of the hairy bees" — and Bhaken like perfume from the flashed branches of flowering fruit-trees, and the sweet pale loveliness of almond blossoms. But their day is done. Iffleir Temple is but a hint, precious for architectural grace, and beautiful in spite of its decay ; and they them selves, this heroic pair, are as dead as the the Btone effigy lying prostrate on the grass. ."Farewell, yea sons of Leda" — "Castor ot the swift steeds and swart Polydeuces," " to whom all minstrels were dear," "the twain that aid all mortals," "the beloved pair," " Succourers of man in the very thrill of peril, and of horses maddened in the bloody press of battle, and of ships that, defying the stars that set and rise in heaven, have en countered the perilous breath of storms"— ' farewell 1 The present has destroyed the past and Judraa has conquered Greece ; but what (he world has lost in substance it still retains in spirit; and gratitude for beauty may out live belief in its divinity. If Theocritus pervades all Sicily, Girgenti is possessed by Empedoclas. Clad in his purple robe, crowned with laurel, shod with golden sandals — what was this man ? "Was he the wise measurer of mortal force, the diligent observer and partial conquerer of nature, some affirm him to have been? Was he the self- eonBeerated seer and mystic, sincere if also self-deceived, who imagined more than be knew, and who obscured his clearer thoughts by phantasies and his per ceptions by illusions ? Or was he the con scious charlatan who traded on men's credu lity and discounted their ignorance ? Who can say ? He, too, is one of those face3 in the clouds for which each observer has a different form. But whatever he was, he was born end bred at Acragas, the beautiful city where the gods were housed in glory and worshipped with fervour; and it was from there that he set out to seek for immortality in the eternal fires of Etna. And now, what do we find at the modern town and station of Girgenti? A oountry barren of treeB but fruitful in grain ; uplands as green with sprouting corn as English fields scenting the air with' perfume almost as rich as that whioh steals from the jessamine and orange blossoms of the high-walled gardens ; uncultivated tracts full of asphodels and violets, of borage and the garden discs yellow chrysanthemum, of fragrant herbs, and the rarer sort3 of our wild-flowers at home — tracts where a botanist may spend his hours in rejoicing. Leaving the country and going into the town, which is set upon the high rock dominating the plain, we find but little beauty. The women no longer " card the soft wool about their knees," as in the days of the proud Eunice, who refused to love at all that desperate Simratha who loved too much ; but they are said to be the moat prolifio of all Sicilian women, and for a man to marry a Girgentese is to be sure of heirs and the tradi tional quiver-full. The chief objeot of interest in the town is of bourse the Duomo or cathred- ral, where they show you superb vestments wrought in gold and silver, with garnets and turquoises mixed in with the embroidery ; an engraved ivory staff, and two_ splendid monstrances — the one of gold and jewells in the form of a sun rayed and banded ; the other, of silver flowers, with the Madonna's hair in the oentre. The plain white-washed columns dividing nave from aisle agree but ill with the florid ornamentation of the high- altar or the bold carving of the roof; and the echo whioh seems to run round the wall like an invisible flame was once the cause of more heart-burnings than the architect knew when he struok by chance on that fatal angle of incidence. - .... a If you are at Girgenti at Carnival time and. go to a veglinoe ot masked ball in the theatre you will see a little of Sicilian manners and something of Sicilian feeling. Among the Savages and the swallows, the gold-horned, red-bodied Fiends, the Sailors and the nonde scripts who dance together with more vigour than grace in the platea , yon will not see one woman. The Sicilian blood is too hot and Sicilian jealousy too rampant to permit the publiOj and indis criminate mingling of men and women ; and there still exist in these less visited and lass continentalised places, strong traces of the Saraoenic seclusion of women. -In the boxes, two female masks — the only female masks in the theatre — come down ever and anon, attended by their male companion, to cross the platea for such refreshments aB are to be found at the back of the stage. Nq one speaks to them, and they speak to.no one. Even that group of Zulus who respect no man, make way for them : as do those half- dozen Swallows who run in and out with short' steps and Bhrill cries, letting fly live birds as a diversion the more. _ These two bands are evidently well known in the place. They go in and out of certain boxes offering bonbons, which are laughingly accepted, and \- they dance with less clumsiness and more grace than the rest. Among the spectators in the boxes are two or three exquisite little masks of children. .One curly-pated Louis XIY., of perhaps the ripe age of three, after making frantic efforts to kiss papa with the intervening mask to prevent contaot, is handed about from box to box like a big doll. In one it is the centre of attraction and wor ship to five stalwart men ; for Italian men are like women in their love of children, and you will constantly see the father performing what we consider to he essentially womanly offices for a little child, while the mother stands by locking on complacently. There is a tiny, gold-horned, red-bodied imp, whose delight in his horns is such as one might have expected from a young fawn -when he first learned that he oould butt that bold kid with his own weapon. For a last word : Girgenti is now abso lutely safe. A few years ago, brigands might have been found lurking behind the fallen columns with the snakes and the lizards, and the long gun handy. Now you have only the lizards. The snakes have been frightened away by the throng of visitors; carabinieri keep evil disposed men in oheck; and bri gandage, like the old cult, has vanished into the dust and vapour of things past and dead. The editor feels lone and miserable When he can find no joke that's scisaorable Fuck. 