Ladies' Pages. . BY SIBYL. Tho Jubileo Ball.' A GORGEOUS SCENE. No ono, even in their wildest flights of imagi tion, or in their most prodigal roaming in tho reg of speculation, could have foreseen Buch au exquii display of grandeur as that witneesod in. the : , hibition-building on the evening of the 22nd. course, everyone who knew of tho spirited doter nation with whioh the Mayor had enterod upon task of. preparing for the ball. Bpoke of tho cora: gathering, aa an event that would be crowned.w sucoess, and those who claimed more than what u be termed a goBBipy external acquaintance with 1 preparations, predioted a total eolipae of all p aooial and civic gatherings. But thoso who rem« bored the memorable ball given in honor of "C Sailor Prince," and again that grand gathering the ball given by Mr. 0. J. Roberts, wore inoln to pin their faith to the belief that they 1 Been the very zenith of social grandeur tl could be displayed by New South Wal Well, "time proves all things," and so itoametopi .,. that the aooial quidnunoa and those who essayed i role Of prophet spoke well within the limits of tri when they predicted a " total eclipse " of allprovic gatherings. Tho Jubilee Ball was bewilderinj grand. " Why," it may be aaked, "was there sr asoene? WaB it to test the extent of the liberal of a generous Mayor, or to give Sydney an opp tunity for a gigantio aooial diaplay ? " It waa neith It is usual for a oivio king to mark hia reign witt ball j but thia event marked something wider thai bivio festival. It was in honor of the jubilee of t reign of Queen Victoria, an event well worthy of i right loyal way in which Mayor Young honored ' History, we are told, repeats itself ; but in the'matl of jubilee reigns the recurrence is very very ra Turn back tbs pages of history, and you will fi that from the time of the Conqueror, a span of £ years, there have been only three previous jubiléi the favored monarchs being eaoh tho third of 1 name. They were Henry HI., Edward III., a George HI. ( ' ! THE PREPARATIONS. : It has been said that a mayor is in a very materi degree responsible for tho prosperity of the borou] over whioh he presides, and that tho fall and rise ? the commercial barometer is influenced by the sta of the sooial and political atmosphere. The maye as the leader of oivio life, is to be regarded as tl oentre from whioh gravitates the oirolos of industr The Mayor has but to move, and the sooial hive isa buzzing with excitement. No sooner was this eve: announced than the whole oity waa in a quiv of excitement. Bookshelves were ransacked ,f< historical costumes, theatrical wardrobes . wei overhauled, and authorities on anoient drei consulte! What a vexation of spirit , to fir a oostume that would suit and yet one tb« would not be too numerously represented! ' Ti young and the old, the blonde and the brunette, tl matron and the maid, all were in the same predioi ment; the one question that arose from a thousaz lipa waB-What Bhall I wear? Then with the energ of desperation a choioo waB made. Drapers an costumiers, milliners and dressmakers, wigmaker and a whole host of minor trades were set in motioi while a thousand busy brains and fingers went to wor to produce what proved to be a most , brilliant resul TUE BALLROOM. Time, taste, talent and money had been spent prc fueely upon the internal arrangements of the Exhib; tion-building. The effootive decoration of so spaoiou a room was a task which roquired no ordinär; amount of artistic skill. The difficulties presente by the architectural eocentrioities of the building ar such as would wellnigh dishearten one who surveyed the original bare blank outline. With such i stretch of architectural desolation how oouh harmony be produced. It waa «. formidabl undertaking ; but it was a task whioh the ingenuit; and *.apathetic taBte of the Mayor completely over came ; for honor to whom honor ia due, it was thi Mayor who planned, designed, and directed the wholi affair. Kow well he did it only those who saw th< aotual result can form any idea, for the language hat yetto bo discovered that could by means ofwordi present to the mental vision of tho reader anything approaohing a realistic picture of tho gorgeous soeno It was a blaze of light and beauty. Tho cold quad rangle of iron palisading whioh marks the extent ol the gallery had been converted into a warm genia] bordering by the application of an apparently un broken expanse of bright scarlet cloth, on whioh was an effective arrangement of foliage. Marking the central seotion of the building was a wall of light fabrio whioh deBoribed the oiroumferenoe of the ballroom proper. Round this were hung national flags and banners. There were a large oollootion of theae adjunots to effeot, but there waa no surfeit of display. Each flag seemed to hang in its plaoe, and to lend ita ohaBte quantum to the brilliant effeot. Susponded here and there from the ceiling were powerfully reflecting Bunburners ; these, combined with the gentle glow from the tinted globes oluatering round the gallery supports, flooded tho building with light. Placed round the hall at regular intervals were mirrors whioh reflected from the ono to the other sections of the exquisite soeno, and so duplicated and quadrupled to an almost endlosB extent this strikingly unique golaxy'of beauty. At intervale round the room were posted places of rendezvous named after somo of the moBt important towns in' the empire upon which the suu never sets. Among them wero London, Liverpool, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Brighton, Calcutta, Madras, Bombay, and Montroal. At thoso Soints partnors wore sought ' for tho various anees, and so avoided what would have boen, in such a gathering, a task of hopeless oohfu sion. Then that all-import int item, tho floor. Never has tho Exhibition floor presented such a face. It had been Borubbed, and waxed, and polished until it shone like a mammoth pieoo of opaquo glass. To look upon it waB to inspire tho thought, what a para diso for danoera! Chairs wero placod around tho room, where tho visitora might sit to soo when they wero tired of being soon. At the north end waa a raised dais reserved for the use of Lord and Lady Carring ton and tho vioo-rogal party. Thia waa a delightful retreat, flanked on oithor aldo by two masBivo mir rors, saidtobotholargoat intheOolony, whiloforns and Îlanta lent an additional charm to tho surroundings, 'ho position of tho band was somowhat novol. Tho Mayor had had considerable difficulty in deciding what should bo done with that iudiaponsiblo body. His first plan waa to plaob them in a oradlo tobo swung from tho roof, but when he made a porsonal teat ho deoidod that twonty'muaioians might bo moro than tho roof would aooommodate, and tho ball might ond hi a catastrophe. So he rosolved to plaao the band on a raised stand supported by firmly-fixed posts in the oentre of tho hall, - This somowhat marred the expanse of beauty when viewed from the gallery, but it proved an admirable arrangement. | THE RECEPTION. What a twisting and turning, and apparently terminable amount of vehicle manoeuvring, it quired to get within the preoinots of that.brillian lighted building 1 The members of tho Transit C mission entered into the dignity pf the proceedings, i appropriated to themselves no inconsiderable arno of authority. But although their enforcement method waB a little irksome, and seemed to mi progross rather tedious, they deserved groat or( for the regularity and precision with whioh t ruled that grand procession of carriages. Howe; all things como to an end, and so did i dot-and-go-one kind of progress. The imr vised portico waa reached, and the visitors 1 to Bubmit themselves for inspection to as many of crowd as could got within tho range of vision, v had assomblcd to feast their eyes upon what one Iii arab was pleaaed to doaoribe aa the " sights." OJ within the portals all troubles wore at an ond, oourtesy and order made the way plain. " Ladies tho right, gentlemen to tho left, please," waa . authoritative but polite command of the "gontlem in- waiting." Tho mazo and confusion which f quontly prevails in oloakroomB waB at this gather: entirely obviatod. It seemed to bo everyone'to post, and ovoryone knew his duty. WrapB and oumbrances disposed of, the next move was for 1 entry, whero upon the left stood tho Mayor his purple ormine-deoked robeB of his oivio posith with tho full insignia of his office. Beside him ste the Mayoress, Misa Young. When the cards invitation were handedin and a brief examinati showed them to bo genuine, the full baritone of I Seymour announced tho name of tho guests. Af te formal recognition from the Mayor and Mayon tho visitors passed into the room. Instinctively th . ranged themselvea in two lines, so that long before i time announced for the arrival of the Governor a Lady Carrington, walls of tho " ghosts of centurie had taken up their positions, and extended nearly 1 length of the building." Thia phalanx when fi: looked upon waa about as striking as anything ii possible to conoeive. THE PROGRAMME. As the guests passed along the hall they were ea presented with a programme. This waB a neat a attraotivo work of art, worthy of being preserved a souvenir of a memorable oooasion. It was folded three. The front panel bore aspeaking representati of the Mayor in the graceful aot of bowing to rooei his guests ; the oentre panel waa ornamented witt pioture of the Queen and dates 1837 and 1886, whi beneath was an excellent likeness of the Mayoress the Maid of Kent ; the third panel bore the oiv j arms of Sydney, The programme was arranged f [ nineteen dances and two extras, but this waa a bf in which the guests were not so anxious to danoo ; to see and bo seen. To the minds of many the pr gramme had one defeot, there were not enough squa dances. ARRIVAL OP LORD AND LADY CARRINGTON. Just before 9 o'olook there was a sudden lull in tl proceedings. Those who had soattered themselvi about the room marshalled into line, and then in ole« tones rang out "Lord and Lady Carrington at suite." Mutual recognition over. Lady Carringtc took tho arm of the Mayor and Miss Young the ar: of Lord Carrington, and slowly tho party moved u the room to the northern end, whore was fixed raised dais for the reception pf tho vice-régal part: Lord Carrington waa in his official attire aa Governo wearing the Bash and order.ofthe G.O.M.G. Tl vioe-rogal party was composed of Captain E. V\ Wallington, Captain Terry, and Captain Sheriff* These attaches of the vioe- regal court joinod thepr< oession, and wore followed by the alderman of th oily. AB his Exoelloney and - Lady Carringto mounted tho dais Britannia and New South Wale took up their stand on either side, the band th while playing the National Anthem. Then followed what would have been a grand sigh had the idea of the Mayor been realised. It wa intended that there should have been a."grand maro] past." It was begun by tho Mayor and Mayoress followed by a number of guests, but after oirolini the room once, it became apparent that it would no be a success, as many of the visitors did not seem t< underatand the plan. All were tohavo joined th' procession, and so enabled'Lord and Lady Curring ton to have a complote view of the diverse costumes Tho quadrille was then formed by Lord and Lad: . Carrington, the Mayor and Mayoress, the ox-ruayori Playfair and Hardie, Mrs. Hardie and . Misa Creer Lady Carrington, in the style peouliarly her own wore white satin and velvet brocade, with superl diamond ornamonts. The Mayoress represented i Kentish maiden, in white dress ornamented wit! hops, and large hat with feathers. The mayora soarfof purple, edged with gold, was fastened'aoroBt the bodice over the left shoulder and under the righi .arm. THE SCENE. Thia waa brilliant in the extreme, Whether it be regarded from its intrinaio merit as a apeotaoulai display, the grandeur of its far-reaohing representa tive associations, or from that strikingly diatinotive feature ita accumulative beauty, the unhesitating verdiot of all who participated in the gathering must inevitably be that it was an' event whioh dofios anything approaching an adequate and accurate desoription. Never before has the Exhi bition-bnilding been the soone of so resplendently gorgeous and historically significant a gathering as that whioh asBembled there on Thursday night. Resplendent in that the dresses were the richest over seen in any assembly in Now South Wales, and significant in tho faot that tho ball celebrated the jnbilee of the re;gn of Queen Viotoria. What a scone it was ! It was a mysteriously bewildering sight ; a mazo of animation and a congostion of luxuriant beauty; lt-mattered not when one gazed upon the over-shifting eea of beauty, it was nover the samo, savo in that tho idoal picture waB always mado of strangely contrasting constituents whioh mysteriously blooded in a porfootly harmonising wholo. The io (ti ensemble was a wonderful con glomeration of historical curiosities. It embraced that yawning gulf of timo extending from the reign of Henry I.? of tho Norman period, down to tho roign of Quoen Viotoria. What a field for contemplation and wonderment did thiB Btrotoh of resurrected his tory preBentjP Tho votary ot ploa8ure who oared not to poer beneath tho significance of the historical dress, had forced upon his viow a galaxy of almost innomprebehaive Boenos, whioh, Hooting though thoy woro, and altogothor too shortlived, could not fail to rivot thomsolvos to his momory. Tho votary would . find his palato for ploasuro whotted by tho gorgeous drosses of tho Tudor period-thoBe drosses with tho luxuriant robos, sparkling jowols, and thoso seemingly odd aids to ' boauty, tho forthin galo and tho ruffB. And while contrasting thoso strange oxamploB of modernisod- anoient art ho would bo cpnfronteu with a spooimon of that still moro luxuriant dreae, a cavalier of the Stuart period, and mayhap his strikingly divergont oompber, a repre sentativo of tho Roundheads. In the one he would soe a profuaion of all that was rioh, ooBtly, and oourtly, with the attraotivo broad hat, surmounted with waving.plume, .while.in tho othor .he would BOO that peouliar dress tho silk Vandyke doublot and famous slash boots. These .oostumes ho wo find intermingled with the representatives of " ages between the timo of the Stuarts and the p sent reigning house of BrunBwiok. But to ' student of history there waB a far wider field, whioh imagination could roam. Who was there TI did not dotoot many an amusing historical coalitic The stalwart representa tires of thePlantagonotsl; forgotten all about tho doings of those old and bit foes, Balliol and Bruce, and other SoottiBh knighi and the opponents of tho past drank to each otho success in tho present. Still moro remarkable i haughty Elizabeth, of whom there must have he half a dozen representativos, had thrown to the wi that wilful perversity displayed toward her attoi antB, and had renounced the folly of ostracising i sterner BOX. WiBer counsels had prevailed, ana n she danaod with tho Commoners with unfeign delight, and ono queenly Elizabeth wont so far as lower tho royal dignity to dance with a thorougl genuinely-got-up "Paddy from Cork." The beau ful Marie Stuart abounded in somewhat embarra ing profusion. The oharaoter in every instance w splendidly represented, and the ill-fated Marie w a very piotueequo figuro-and what is more, s and Elizabeth having sùffored the common lot of ti although in strangely different ways, now Bought convino© the on-looking world that they were, a ever had been, the staunoheBt of friends. There wc other historical comicalities, such as Lady Ja Grey holding friendly conversation with Mary.; t Cavalier and tho Roundhead bosom friends ; t Friar and the Courtier comparing programme Robin Hood and a loyal Boldier disoussing, probab] tho beauty of some Maid Marion. These and au historical inoonsistenoios abounded. One thi: whioh oould not fail to Btrike those who regard the characters from a historical point of view w the utter disregard whioh some of tho ladies had po to the meaning whioh should have boen implied 1 tho application of beauty spots. It may be that t ladioB in New South Wales do not trouble thomselv with politics. However that may bo, they ought have Bided either with tho Whigs or tho Tories, ai not appeared, as somo did, with a spot for Whig ai a spot for Tory, and it may be added that one lac had a third spot. That, possibly, was for Home Rul The University reooivod its full Bhare of attentio possibly through the recently-produced "Agamer non," and the "sweet girl graduates" abounde ono young lady having become a fully- develop< doctor in soarlet hood. .They were, however, I thin a bit out of the range pf time prescribed for the bal for, if my memory errs not, Girton and Newnham oa: not boast of girl graduates until long after 1851. It WJ in 1873 that the firBt ladies' college was built at Cat bridge, and until quite recently English ladies wi wished to qualify for the medical profession badi go to Paris to do so. Therefore, although the caj and hoods were neat and boooming, theyt showc their wearers to be not very well up in the history < their new inspiration. THE DRESSES. Of the 2000 present it ia beyond the limits of th space at my disposal to speak separately. Whatevc idea Lord and Lady Carrington may have had of Ne1 South Wales prior to landing in the colony, they wei undoubtedly astonished at the gathering they behel on Thursday evening, and acknowledged that tho had never seen anything prettier in its design o moro striking in offeot. Tho Mayor in his mayon robes looked proud and happy, as well he might, fo the gathering was a oredit to his taste and an hono to his efforts; and tho manner in whioh the gueat reaponded to his wish must be taken as a very grea compliment to his Worship, and a testimony of stoi ling appreciation. It showed that, aa he had spare no pains to entertain on a prinoely scale, neither hai his guests shirked the trouble of studying the par they decided to fill in tho gathering. Apropos of this I think his Worship has been a public educationa benefactor, for who is there that will hot tx ready to admit that the inhabitants of Sydney know far more of the dress and customs of theil forefathers thanthoy ever did before? And as history is a most interesting study, it may provo a lasting benefit. Mrs. Herne, the sister of tho Mayer, made a moBt comfortable ancient lady, and looked at though she had just stepped down from some picture by an old master. Another happy-looking lady ol bygone time was Mrs. Moritz Barr. Mrs. William Hughes was at hor very best in black satin with laoe apron and oap, representing a gentlewoman of the 18th century. Mrs. H. W. Sadler faithfully depioted a lady of the 18th century ; and Mrs. Aronson the wife of Simon de Montfort, in petticoat of white satiz with pale blue saoquo trimmed with gold braid. Mrs. C. J. Roberts was never better Buited, although more handsomely dressed, than in her Quakeress costume, Mrs. A. J. Roberts as Catherine of Arragon waa resplendent, while her daughter, as White Rose, car rion off one of the palma for beauty. Another might be claimed for Mrs. S. Hordern, who waa superb in face and form as Peg Woffington. Sho wore a bodice and puffed overBkirt of rich Terry silk, with brocaded roses on white satin stripe, falling over satin quilted petticoat ; an elegant hat of Terry, with plumes of shaded bluo and absinthe greon, with pearl orna ments, a powdered wig in curls, fan of the period, with mirror in oentro of marabout, ! gold handle, jewellery of diamonds and pearls ; and her husband was quite a match, in hiB handsome I eleotrio plush coat and lawn sleoves, aa a page to tho Duke of Marlborough. Of the représentatives of the i "Merrie Monarch ".and his cavaliers many looked well, but nono surpassed Mr. A. J. Roberts aB the monarch and Mr. Sidney Smith as his cavalier, Dr. Primrose, in "The Vicar of Wakefield," found a [ good exponent in Mr. Wise. There wore many bearing the title of Olivia Primrose, but they were not very united in their relationship, aB they were never seen togothor, and their father had not his pa tornal eye upon thom. "Shakespeare" was well portrayed by Mr. Skarratt, in a rich blaok volvet blouse and ßhouldor capo, white linen collar iu:d laoo cuffs, blaok silk tights and BIIOOB, with blaok bows ; while his handsome wifo aB a lady of rank in the Hanoverian period lookod majestic Hor dress was of blaok volvot and ivory satin, richly trimmed with gold lace. Mr. Tom Smith as a Knight Templar, and hia amiable wife aa Cathorine of Arragon, in black volvet and ambor satin, with 'black laoo voil and girdle of pearls, wero exoellont. Mrs. Oveudon was grand as a noblo lady of the reign of Honry VIII, in petticoat óf palo blue embroidered with gold braid, and oourt train of rod satin merveil leux, a powdored wig and cap of volvot. Mario Stuart was froquontly roprosonted, and in evory oaso tho "soono was ohangod." Tho "Mario" of Mra. Carugati aptly illustrated hor as "a now star in tho firmament to light and glory born." Mrs. Hardie and MrB. Poolo wore masBivo interpretations of tho unfortunate Mary ; while that of Mrs. J. H. DavioB wasoxooodingly good, tho oharaoter Butting admirably her faoo, form, and figure. Mrs, H. Lloyd made a good Cathorine of Arragon, ' while hor daughtor waa admirably suited as ' Lady Nithsdale in white broohe satin' petticoat, with volvet bodioo and redingote; a fichu of laue was daintily arranged around her head and shouldora. Anno Boleyn, Jane Seymour, and Anno of Cloves had to rely upon other kings and knights for oseort, as there was only one Henry VILT., and he thought fit to go hunting, in whioh attire he appoared at oourt. Mr. Prendergast was a good Beefeater, but not being on duty at the Tower ho .eon« tented himself with taking oare of his pretty wifo, who made a very sweet Amy RobBort. Mrs. M'Quado waa a quaint and oharming Eioture of a squire 'B daughtor in the year 1800. Sho ad a long straight frook of white' satin with two narrow flounoos around *ho bottom of the skirt, the bodice very short waisted ; largo hat of white Batin, with large plume of whito foathera. Mra. Robert Miller waa admirably Buitod as a court lady of tho time of George IH. Her husband suited his armor, and her daughter, costumed after the fashion of Eliza beth's time, looked very pretty in green. Mrs. Alfred Bennett as a oourt lady of Charles H. showed to ad vantage in an underskirt of olaret, with' hodioe and short train of pale blue brooade, full lace sleeves to the elbow, and a sparkling necklet of very fine diamonds ; while the well-knit, stalwart, and manly form of her nusband looked handsome in his oourt leveo costume. Lady Jennings looked very nice in ordinary evening ' dross. Br. Tucker made a handsome Knight of Malta, with the red oroBB, and hiB wife as a lady of the time of James I. wore an exquisite gown of blaok satin with long train ornamented with gold tinsel, and petticoat of old gold Batin, the front of whioh was garnished with tinsel and large yellow pearls. Mrs. L. Alderson and MÍBS M. Donagh woro oaoh oharming personifi cations of Miss Hardcastle. Mr. and Mrs. Franki woro offeotive, tho former as a student, and the latter as Diana Vornon, in a habit of rifle green velvet, with faoingB of orimson satin slashed with gold, whito satin vest with gold, and a triangular hat with whito plume. Tho brothers Henry and Bobert Hudson wore gallant cavaliers and snpportors of Charles. Mr. and Mrs. J. Williamson assumed the roles of oavalier and lady of the year 1800, in long court train ot ruby velvet over pink quilted Batin pettiooat and pearls. Excellently sustained characters were those of Diokena's Little Nell and her Grandfather, impersonated by Mrs. and Mr. B. Bittenberg ; while two old maids wore exoellont unappropriated bles sings, keeping guard over oaoh other. Mr. and Mrs. Teeoo appoared in full glory, the ono as a Crusader and the other as Lalla Rookh ; the lattor costume was not appropriate enough to be popular. Mr. Sam Bailey made a good Sir Philip Sydney. Sir Henry Parkes and hiB daughter were there, the former in court dress. Mr. Butcher, as a courtier of the time of George III., and Mrs. Butcher aaa lady of the seventeenth oentury, were a woll-dreBsed couple. Mra. Chris. Bennett as a lady of the timo of Queen Anne was admirably suited with large ourled and powdered wig; her husband waa in plain evening dress. Of the various exponents of Peg Woffington, nono did greater justice to the character than Mrs. Burne in orimson satin ornamented with pearls. A lady in Chinese oharaoter looked well, and BO did a Japanese gentleman, as well as other visitors from India and the east generally. Among our American cousins one young lady had donned the red, white, and blue. A few gipsies provailed, but by making the costumes historio, some' characters whioh have been worn threadbare were omitted, and the ' general effeot was far grander than it would otherwise have boon. Mies Walsh aa Buth, a gipsy of the reign, oí Jamos I., woro a skirt of green satin riohly trimmed with gold spangles, Boarf of pink satin lattioed with gold and spangles, .large bow on left Bide, trimmed heavily with bullion fringe, bodice of green Batin trimmed with sequins, headdress of sequins and pearls, tambourine and fan looped with gold cord. Mrß.' Squires, the honored fichwife, in red and whito striped pettiooat, blue bodice and pettiooat faced up .with scarlet, silk bandana 'ker ohief on nook, Yarmouth fishwife, cap of book muslin and old English laoe. A novolty was a dress of blue and white..striped flannel, a palo blue cap, with a lifebuoy slung under the right arm, Mrs. Jamos Fletcher as the Duohess of Marlborough, the bosom friend of Queen Anne, pettiooat of amber Batin puffed with pearls and jewels, underpottiooat of cloth of gold, train of orimson plush, rufilo studded with pearls and precious stones, diadem of pearls, preoious atones, and plumes. Miss Fletoher as Mary Seton, dresB of oreara satin, pettiooat quilted and ohookod with pearls, oourt train of ruby plush, slashed sleeves, ruff of oreara edged with pearls, hat of ruby plush and oroam plumes. Mrs, Sweet, Mary Carmichael, dross of blue satin bordered with cloth of gold from neck to hem, flowing train of cardinal pluBh, ruff studded with jowols, headdress of oardinal pluah and pale blue plumes. Mrs. Barr Johnson as Mrs, Wallia, wife of Captain Walli», naval commander, reign of George III., dress of pink satin and ruby broche. Mrs. Maointosh as Amy Robsart, court train of cream moiro, antiquo petti ooat of pale blue quilted with pearls, oroam ruff with pearls, headdress of pale blue with cream .feathera. Mrs. Piokburn, Peg Woffington, train of crimson velvet, watteau sao of orimson broche, lace oap and ruffles at neck and sleeves. Miss Walsh, a GipBy reign William IV., crimson satin spangled. Mrs. Maurice Aaron as Lady Blackstone, reign George III,, pettiooat of oream flowered broohe with laoe flounces, watteau train of orimson brooho, powdered wig. Mrs. Asohe as Lady Thomas Fairfax : this is a quaint old English costume, a very full skirt of amethyst plush, slashed down the front with puffings of oream satin with pearls, pettiooat of mauve puffed satin, Honiton laoe flounoes, hodioe out low, with sleeveB and bertha of Honiton lace. Mra. Blanohmann as Marie Stuart: train of blaok velvet, pettiooat of oream moire antique broohe, trimmed with lace and pearls, coif of black velvet and pearls, raff of cream merveilleux and pearls. Miss Blanohmann as the Bailiff'sDaughtor of Islington: pettiooat of pale green satin, trimmod with pink flounoos and puffings and laco flounces, pink satin bodice laced over ohomisetto of palo groon, paniors of palo green, cottage hat of pink satin with spring flowors. Mrs. Coonan as Lady Dorothy Sydney, afterwards Coun tess of Sunderland, 1687 ¡ watteau sao of, gold broohe, oroam pottiooat trimmed with lace, powdered wig, dia dem of pearls and pink feathers. MrB. Henry. Cope* land as My Great Grandmother, Dame Copeland: dross of silver gray satin, scant train, bishop sleeves, pelerine and flounoes of gold laoe, mob oap with bows of violot ribbon, violet waistband with diamond buokle. Miss Copeland as tho Daughter of the House : dross of striped moss brown and ruby silk, lace apron, mob oap, milles of ruby velvet. Miss L. Copeland aa tho Squiro's Daughter: pettiooat of butteroup and palo pink striped Batin. bodice and Îaniors of pale pink, straw hat with field flowers, lias M'Mahon as Miss Nightingale, Crimean Nurse, reign of Quoon Viotoria. Mr. John Plummor, John Maunsoll, captain of a North amptonshire troop in Cromwell's array, wounded at the battlo of Nasoby, 1645, a friend of John Hampdon and Andrew Marvel (Milton's seorotory) : brown doublet and breeohoB, leather jerkin, russet boots, leather gauntlets, linon collar, hat with feathera. Bword-bolt and sword; Mrs. John Plummor, Lady Throokmorton, 1740: antiquo gown of dark Îfreen volvoteen, cambric neokorohief edged with aoo, broad blue silk sash, cambria mob oap edged with laoe, neoklot of blaok velvet edged with amber shoos with paste buckles. 