MR. SHORTHOUSE'S NEW BOOK. Mr. T. H. Shorthouse is known as the author of a remarkable romance, "John Inglesant," which, published a few years ago, was the success of a literary season. It owed its reputation to its perfect originality. In it Mr. Shotthouse en deavored to show what the development of the supernatural would lead to in the natural life; he condemned the in tolerance of the toleration sometimes pro fessed, and sought to work out problems connected with religious speculation through the medium of social intercourse. "John Inglesant" revealed undoubted ability ; but in "Sir Pereir.il," a copy of which has reached us from the publishers, Messrs. MacMi]lan& Co., through Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son, the same line of thought is traversed with somewhat less success. The keynote of " Sir Percival" has been denned as Platonic pietism. The doctrine of which the author seems to approve is a " pure idealism which is the foundation of all true faith, which taught by the Greek Plato is the foundation upon which, true Christianity rests." Mr. Shorthouse ia opposed as strongly as ever to the doctrine whose ultimate aim would "reduce God to a secretion of the liver," and he ia severely sarcastic on the subject of the gastric juices which enter so largely into the theories of materialists. He evidently has no sympathy with some of the prevail ing ideas, of which he makes one of his cliaracters, a young lady, the repre sentative. Within a brief period of her introduction to the reader's acquaintance. Miss Virginia Clare, as she is called, makes over the breakfast table the confes sion that she "has long since given up public worship of any kind;" adding, *' the evolution of theology, you know, is quite as dear as the evolution of the human race. ... It began with nature- worship, the cult of the co3mic deities; then through scio-theism, the deification of ancestral ghosts or ancestor worship ; then through fetishism and to temism to the present state of intellectual shadow worship." The story turns upon the rivalry in love between this young lady and Miss Constance Lisle, whose theological views are of a different character. Miss Lisle, through whose mouth the story is told, professes wholly orthodox opinions, em bodying the spirit of faith and religious devotion, emotional and impulsive. Except Sir Percival Massareen, the hero of the rcmanoe, and hi whom the affec tions of both ladies are concentrated, the other characters are merely nonentities, and need be no more than named. They .are Miss Lisle's uncle and aunt, the Duke and Duchess of Creasy, and the Rev. Charles de Lys, the incumbent of a neighboring village. The scene of the story is laid at Kingswood, the ancestral seat of the Cressys. The story properly begins with the introduction of Sir Percival. an Irish baronet, to the family at Kingswood. Sfiss Lisle's impression of htm is recorded thus : —** We were all delighted with our guett. He chatted of his past life, and 3ie time he had lived abroad, of Eton, of Lady Elizabeth, of his examination for the army. He showed a sense of ftra, a perception of the humorous side of character ; but he never, ia word or ttjne, displayed aught save a pure and modest spirit within. 1f he had met or seen any thing in his boyish life that was contrary to such a spirit as this it seemed to have clipped off him without leaving a trace. As 1 sat opposite to him at the table, \ listening to his guileless talk, I was raek -1 ing my brain to remember why his na:ne | was familiar to me, when suddenly there rushed into my mind the recollection of I the great treasure of the library—the | black-letter folio of the * Morte d'Arthur' iby the old printer Carton himself, which the duke had caused to be brought from Hartneld, the great house of the dukedom, that he might de light himself with it in his retirement. 1 cooJd recall nothing of the story of I'ercival save one sentence —that, as 1 remembered, he had ' knoled doune and made his prayer devoutely unto almighty -The&u;, for he was one of the best knyghtes of the world that at that tyme was, in trhome the verry feythe stode mooste in.' Ido not know how it was, but 1 suppose that on some occasion, while the duke was turning over the precious leaves to entertain me with the marvellous bock, this sentence had struck my girlish fancy, for I seemed to see the quaint spelling of the lines impressed on the white cloth before me ; and I "do not know that I should feel ashamed to acknowledge that there at the table 1 prayed to the Almighty .leeu—l hid learned from Mr. de Lys the habit of in stinctive prayer—that this lively pleasant boy might is his calling and walk ia life achieve a fame not dissimilar to his name sake of the knightly romance of old." It is not difficult to infer from thii that no long time elapses before Miss Lisle falls in love with Sir Percival. In seeking to trace a resem blance between him and " his namesake of the knightly romance of old," Con stance is easily led into striving to make her friend worthy of the comparison. She reads Keble to him, and under the in fluence of her emotional nature he is beginning to reciprocate her affection when Mies Virginia Clare makes her ap pearance and tarns the channel of Sir I'ercival's thoughts from Keble toShelley. Moreover, Miss Lisle, however devotional, is not comparable in point of looks with Miss Clare, whose liveliness and cheer fulness of spirits largely compensate for the somewhat ????!, x views she holds m metaphj sical subjects. The scene here described affords an illustration of Virginia's character: - "After dinner that night in the drawing room the Duchess asked for music, ;iud Virginia sat down to play. She played superbly, but refused to sing—solely, 1 believe, because her voice was not equal to her skill. She played some brilliant pieces—l do not now remember what they were. Indeed, I think that soon she did not know herself. She seemed to me to be improvising, or, if she did not do that, she threw so much of her person ality into the piece that the conception of the composer was well-nigh lost. lam far from saying that she played without soul ,bi'.tT should say thatahe pLiycd without rest. She seemed to play as though music were not a teacher, but an inarticu late cry—as though she refused the heal ing message of harmony, and cast it bask, in its own notes, against the sky. She played a piece at last with intense feel ing, but with a restless, passionate violence, as of despair; then she dropped into a sudden adagio, and, concluding with some chords of exquisitely modulated rhythm and cadence, she sprang up from the piano, and, clasping my arm, ' Con stance, 9 she said, 'sing ! I want to hear the human voice. 1 The clear, simple notes—solemn, yet, ah I how sweet! — filled the room with a sense of rest and stillness after the Btorni of passionate sound: *He shall feed His flock like a Bhepherd, and He shall gather the lambs with His arm—with His arm.' . . . Then again the sweet, clear chords—clear as the proclamation of an angel, sweet and pure as the dying tlianksgiving of a saint—filled the room with the trustful silence of the eoul. Virginia came up to me as 1 rose, and put her arm around me. ' 1 could wish to sing like you, Con stance,' she said. *You have something which I have not.' " In spite of this deficiency Virginia succeeds in winning the affection of Percival ; they are engaged; but in ministering to the wants of persons in need Virginia contracts a mysterious fever, to which she falls a victim. Over come by Ids bereavement Percival en deavors to find consolation in excitement, and goes to Egypt, where he wins the Victoria Cross for gallant services in the field. He returns to Constance, and seeks to resume the relations he held with her before the appearance of Virginia, but she will net permit him to fee untrue to the , memory of her rival. He pleads earnestly, but without snecess. '"Constance,' he eaid, ' I love you. Can you give me no hope 1 To-morrow I shall be gone.' It was as though some one had struck me an unexpected blow. Stunned in heart and mind I sent up a despairing cry for guidance, and for the space of a second I saw, as in a vision, a terrible future. 1 caw him wearied, his passing illusion out grown, his life blighted by the conse quence of a great mistake, his nature debased by the weakness of unde cided action. I looked down, as it were, into a horrible pit, and saw what I dared not look at any more. In a second or two I spoke. 'It were better not, Percival,'l said, 'believe me, it were better not.' 'Itis to 3 late, then ? he said, sadly. ' I was blind and stupid, but I know better now.' Should I tell him that he had made no mistake I Hardly that. Indeed, for a moment or two I could not speak again. Then he went on : * I know that you think I am uncertain and changeable, not to be de pended on; but you might give me some hope. If a man has something to look forward to it steadies him, however poor a fellow he may be.' ' But suppose he changes soon,' 1 said, almost in a whisper, ' and a girl has given him hope, what is to become of her ?" ' You have a poor opinion of me, Constance,' he said, sadly ; ' perhaps it is not strange.' ' Only be true, Percival,' I said, and I saw his face through the mist of tears —* only be true. Hereafter, in the years to come, when you are a great and noble man, and are married to some good and beautiful girl whom you love, we shall meet some where and you wQI say—' 3fy sister Con stance told me this,' and that she said ' He is called Percival, a knight of the Holy Fellowship of the Table, not of Arthur, bat of Christ.' *It is too late,' he said, somewhat bitterly, 'One mis take, and the door is closed for ever.' ' Why should you talk of a mistake V I said. * You never thought of vie before Virginia came. You loved her truly and honestly. Had she lived she would have been your wife. Why do you call it a mistake?' Every word of this was true. Perhaps it was not all the truth." Percival now begins the ''spiritual life" which supplies the motif of the story. He goes to Africa, but this time with a dif ferent purpose. Instead of entering on any military enterprise he attempts the rescue of a missionary bishop —an episode presumably suggested by the death of Bishop Hannington, near Ugunda. De serted by all except one follower, whom he releases from any obligation to serve him,[he reaches the place where the bishop is confined. He is seized and imprisoned with the man for whom he sacrificed his life. Percival finds a way of sending home to Constance an account of what she afterwards learns to have been his last hours. One passage maybe reproduced :— "'I was pushed about a good deal ; and then all at once I was ia a cool, shaded hut, very lofty, out of the suu, and there were no blacks, bat in front of me, by a taV.le where he had been writing, thera was a tall English gentleman that looked to me like a god. lie was haggard look ing, and his dress was dishevelled and torn ; but 1 never could hive dreamt that I could be so delighted to see any man as I was when I saw him. lie rose suddenly when he saw me, and a wonderful smile lighted his face. - The Lord hath heard me.' lie said ; ' blessed be the name of the Lord.' *2fo,' 1 said ; do not. deceive your self : let me speak, for 1 have only a fen moments to do it in. lam Percival Mas saiecn on the staff. We heard about you, and we thought ou the Coast—Sir Charles thought—that if an English olilcer could get through, he might be of Borne use in overawing the king. 1 am through, but lam alone. All my people have de serted me, frightened by the rumors they heard. More than that, lam iIL I have the fever, and have only a few moments before me to keep my senses. Dj not deceive yourself.' Ho looked at me, still with the serene and happy smile. ' I was not mistaken,' he said, ' the Lord Imtlt heard me. Let us give thanks unto Him in His holy church.' He came up to me and took my hand. 'I think that you are wrong,' he said. '1 do not think that you have the fever. You are worn out and blinded by the heat. What you must have gone through would have killed most men. You must lie down and sleep ; but before that you will do me the greatest favor jvossible for man. I do not know how long 1 have to live. You will take the sacrament with me.' I do not kuow how 1 remember all that he said, but Ido recall every word. 'We have no wine,' he said, ' and I have eaten all my bread for the day. It was a tradi tion of the Middle Ages, of which, perhaps, you may have heard, that if a man was dying on the field of battle, and if be eat three blades of grass with inten tion, he received the sacrament, though other priest were none. You are not actually dying in battle, but you are dying in a nobler field—l see it in your eyes—a field where the Lord .1 esus keeps the wager of battle against the world, the flesh, and hell.' We knelt down, and he gathered some blades of grass that grew up in the tloor of the hut and forced their way under its wooden walls. He recited the Communion Service. 1 knew little of what passed ; but 1 know tliat 1 eat the three blades of grass ha gave me. Then 1 was lying down upon his rush-matted bed, aud almost in a moment 1 was asleep.'' The book is far from faultless, but the remark of Abraham Lincoln, when presented with a book of a similar ciiarac ter, might fairly l>e applied to this : — 41 Weil, I should think that those whj like tliis sort of thing would lind this just the sort of thing they like." " Sir Per cival" forms one of the volumes of Messrs. MacMillfin's Colonial Library, which we have frequently commended. Other volumes of this library whijh wo have received arc Mr. .1 ohn Graham's '* Xo;vra: a tale of Ancient Rmiie ;" Sir. Fayr Madoc's '* Margaret ?leruiiie ;" aud Miss Charlotte Yonge's *4 A Modern Tele machus." These books aro not to be pur chased in England for anything like -3. <id. each. 