CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. The 32nd annual session of the Synod of the Church of England was opened at the Cathedral on Tuesday morning, May 25. The Holy Com-<*> munion was celebrated by his Lordship Bishop Kennion, who was assisted by Archdeacons Marryat, Dove, and Farr. There was a good attendance of the Anglican clergy. The iu lioit. chosen in memory of the late Dean, was Dr. Sullivan's anthem from, the " Martyr Antioch" beginning " Brother, thon art gone before us." The mn?ic to which the commu nion service was sung was Haynes in C. An offertoiy was collected for the purpose of erect irg a memorial to the late Dean Kussell in the Cathedral. After the celebration of Holy Conpir.unicn his Lordship delivered the fol lowing TASTOBAL ADDBEBS. It will be in the remembrance of Borne of yon my reverend brethren and brethren of the laity, that at the close of our last, the thirty- first session of the Synod of this diocese, a strong appeal was .made to me by the most respected and now lamented member of the Synod that I should not attempt in addressing you to confine myself to the subjects which might be brought before the current session of £>ynod for discussion, but that from time to time I should endeavor to speak to you more fully upon some ?f the great questions which affect us. There are special reasons why I should, in this year, endeavor to comply with the request. The present circumstances of the colony, and the general tendency of movements in the Church at home and abroad, the neir approach of the General Synod of the Church of England in Australia and Tat mania, and perhaps some necessity for speaking more plainly and fully to you than hitherto, now that in God's Providence I have completed more than three years' residence anioug you, have all weighed with me in choosing tliis as an opportunity for departing from what may eventually prove to be my custom. Indeed, I shall try not to overtax your patience. I shall strive to j address myself to those subjects only which are practical. I shall speak to you as men who amid all the gloom of the present are yet firm in their faith, and whose hopc3 of the future are not dashed by the difficulties of the day; nay, rather as men who, amid many social as well as not a few ecclesiastical troubles, can yet lift up your heads and see a re demption from many thraldoms drawing nigh. Praying God to guard me from presumption, I am attempting to guide and mould my thoughts while penning this address by letting them flow in the most sacred channel. Every student has seen for himself that in the Lord's Prayer our Divine Master has laid down for us not only the pattern but the very laws which are the principles of prayer. lean not help also seeing here the very laws of the Church's life. One by one the petitions which the blessed Lord has taught bring to my mind the conception of His Church—its sanctity of worship, its missionary character, the personal holiness of its members, the divine sustenance, the necessity for brotherly tenderness, and the eradication of evil. It is upon the first four of these subjects that I desire to speak to you. On some of them I can but speak in outline. They are so gteat that on no one of them can I speak adequately. Nor for one moment do I pretend that my poor thoughts call fill up the great measure of the rule of life which the petitions themselves may present to you. Our own River Murray'as it slowly sweeps onward to the ocean of its rest now presses the great cliffs on one side and then bends over to where towuing cliffs upon the other side have marked the margin of the great estuary J wide, once flowed to the southern seas/ The river's devious cliacnel, wide as it is, is bat a span's breadth of the grand course down which the ancient tideway rushed. High upon the rocks long and deep-cut lines tell of the volume of water which once filled the great valley it wore for itself. Now one looks and wonders. And yet the great channel serves; and puny in its contrast with what has gone before, the Murray rolls onward to the eea. So indeed must be the contrast between such words as I may speak to you and the cliannel which suggests their course. Vtt how could I choose better than in choosing the best—God grant His blessing —then what we need we have. Reverently, therefore, my brethren, and laying aside the shoes of presumption, let us see some aspect of the law of life for the Church underlying the sacred words— " Our Father, which art in Heaven." There is a longing among many earnest Christian persons for unity. There is recogni tion among an ever increasing number that our divisions are unnecessary and wrong. Is there any prospect of any reunion ? On this let iis dwell for a little. What is our idea of the Church? L It is a visible kingdom with an invisible Head, who confers upon it super natural grace. Every member of the kingdom shares in the honors of the kingdom. It is a kingdom of priests—every faithful member of I it is called to a holy and royal priesthood. 2. It is a body. It is vital with supernatural life. A sacrament gives entrance into it; a sacrament gives nourishment in it. It has its organs of the ministry—the bishops, priests, and deacons are its organs. These are neither, on the one band, the source of the life of the body, for the life is given to the whole body, and the organs share in it; nor, on the other hand, are the organs formed by the body, but given by the Lord to the body, for the due trans mission of divine doctrine, and for adminis tration to the wants of the body. Once more, it is a family, God's family. The blessed Lord is nut only perfect God and ]x?rfcct man, but in Him who has taken our nature we partake of the divine nature. As many of have been baptised into Christ have put on Christ. They have received the *pirit of adoption. They have the right to look up to God and call him father. True, He is the Father of all, and to realise this makes all men brethren. But it is in His Church this realisation is found, and the entrance into it is a birth into a new worli— into a family, into a brotherhood, where is God the Father, Christ the elder brother, the Holy Ghost tbe sanctifying bond of holy union. Bear with me, my brethren, for biinging principles so well known ,l>eiore you. I would have you apply them to the present state of things. Every student knows how they were the strength of the Church of the fint days Almost every earnest Christian, too, will tell yon they are what we need to regain in their depth and their simplicity more than all things now. There is no need to enquire now how the Church has lost them. The question for ub is rather how shall they be | regained? Is there'any manifestation of a decire for their recovery ? Let me point out at least one such indication. It has been said that of three of our Blessed Lord's Apostles who stand pre-eminent in the in fluence which the teaching associated with their name will always exercise, two have specially dominated the character of religious teacliing of Western Euroj>e. With the name of St. Peter, whether rightly or wrongly, is inseparably linked that era in the Church's history in which, clad in the purple of the Ciesars, she asserted her authority where the Roman I Empire bad declined and fallen. If there was a proud Imperialism patent in ber march, yet tbe sceptre that she wielded was for God, and her grandly conceived attempt to ameliorate the scene of things cannot but win much admiration. The Reformation marked the deep hold which, thank God, the teaching of St. Paul bad gained upon the minds of men. The heart-stirring writings of St. Augustine of Hippo largely contributed to this. The appre hension of the personal access of the believer to a personal Saviour, the prominence given to the doctrine of justification by faith, led to an out burst of enthusiasm for the special teachings of St. Paul, which found vent in well-known movements; and, as the result, among a large number at least of English-speaking Chris tians has there been, possibly still is, an almost exclusive attention to the aspect which Christianity bears to the individual, But the teaching of the third of these three greatest Apostle 3 has never yet in the Western Church exerted its legitimate in fluence. St. John's great teachings, the stress he lays upon the doctrine of the incarnation, the larger love of humanity, the re-creation of the world in Christ and on the Church as a great society in which the world will find its social difficulties cleared up—these have hitherto found their chiefest expression ' in the school of fathers whose names are clustered round his in the Ea3tern Church. The comparative stagnation of that Church among semi- Oriental races in later centuries has dimmed the force of that teach ing. But there are marked signs of the turning of not only Anglican theology in the direction of teaching which is especially Jobannine as affording the key to many of the most difficult social and religious problems of the day. If it be the case that the apostle, who best of all could interpret to us the practical meaning of the light and love of God, is to be recognised as tbe l>est exponent for our time of tho meaning of the Incarnation of the Son of God, then, indeed, may our hearts be cheered as to the future. Perhaps to no man more than to Professor Westcott does the Church of Eng land owe a debt of gratitude for his exegetical writings on St. John. I earnesly commend his commentaries, and especially that upon St. John's Epistles, to the careful study of my clergy. One rises from such study with a braver hope, and I trust a larger, warmer love for all men. It is in a more vivid apprehension of St. John's teachings that I fee the hope of recovering the brotherly spirit, the strength, and the noble simplicity of the early Church. Follow out the teaching; see its effect on a Poly carp, an Irenæus, an Ignatius, whose seven epistles "of the middle form* are now vindicated as (I think it not rash to say) incontrovertibly genuine in the masterly book—and the literary work of his life—of Bishop Lightfoot. Trace it in an Athanasius, a Chrysostom; then turn to the problems of to-day. See the slowly gathering but ever increasing forces of democracy; see the forum rent by a widening chasm between capitalist and laborer, with no Curtius yet at hand to make his noble sacrifice the healing bond. See, most distressing of all, the denominational strife for place—"the spiritual racing until our very divisions become our glorying." See the schisms and excisions till the very joy of harmony is lost, till there are reeled out long ribbons of dull uniform color instead of a web woven from divers threads and life-like with pattern, till there are planted out whole groves of sombre denomina tions like some vast scrubs of mono tonous mallee. Ah! what would not the Church in Australia be capable of being and doing if instead of the warmth and zeal of Methodism streaming off in one direction, and the earnestness of the Baptist in another, and the vigor of the Congregationalist in a third, and the Church of England rich in its Catholicism and firm in its stability left to throw out its new shoots, there were to be interwoven in one strong yet flexible band the life and strength of each of these? But it is in a greater grasp of the meaning of the In carnation, and in this alone, that I see the hope of meeting either the social or the re- '' ligions difficulty— in our learning to look on every man baptised into Christ as our brother, in a more determined effort to realise in St. John's spirit the meaning of " The fellow ship," and in our being content for the sake of ? this—this fellowship with the Father and with His Son Jesus Christ, this apostolic fellow ship, this brotherhood of men—to give up much that we might consider necessary in a narrower view of our duty. Then indeed should we give meaning to the words of the Lord's Prayer, "Our Father." But some clearer understanding as to what can be done is necessary. Brethren, beloved, I think I know well the responsibility I bear to the whole Church of l.ngland in the position I occupy. Upon the bishop especially must ever rest the duty of guarding the doctrines and disci pline of the Church. It is this grave duty which makes us slow to move where others might wish to urge us on with rapidity. But I may confess to you I Bhould not have accepted the position which I hold were it not that the earnest longing of my heart is to do somewhat when a fitting opportunity comes to promote greater Christian unity upon some! sound and tangible basis. Possibly some will think I have lost opportunities of promoting that for which I profess to have a longing, but I have no desire for mtihing appearance of unity where there is no real unity. Others will think that I have talked about it too much and done too little. But that, I reply, is of purpose. I want to create the desire which certainly does not everywhere exist. Many see no harm in what now goes on—more forget the ultimate tendencies of our present divisions. But it is clear that in the colonial Church attempts may be made in a direction in which Sing land cannot well lead, and I have brought this subject before yon. today because I desire to take the opportunity of the first General Sjnod which I attend for expressing my views upon the matter, and I desire in the first place to take counsel with you, deprecating undue haste in so solemn a matter. What I thinsfmight be done is as follows:—1. For a whole year earnest prayer might be offered by all those of whatever Christian denomination who desire a visible unity of Christians on the basis of the in carnation of our Blessed Lord. Then at the expiration of that period chosen persons might be appointed on behalf of each deno mination for the pnrpose of a year's historical and devotional ttudy of the subject. After which further period a conference might be assembled, and a scheme prepared which might then be discussed during a third year by the denominations concerned. Mean time (though I know there are many diffi culties) I should like to see any Christian minister admitted to preach in the Church of England pulpite, who, being a duly baptised person, and signing^ his adherence to the doctrines of the ISicene Creed (as being accepted at the last General Council of the Undivided Church) is willing to receive the bishop's license for the purpose. Such a step as the last would mean much, though to some it may seem a slight one. It probably could not be taken, even if it were an advisable one, without the consent of the General Synod. But, as I have said, I hope to take that oppor tunity of bringing this great question forward. For ourselves of the Church of England, before I leave the section of my address headed |by the solemn invocation of the Lord's Prayer, let me earnestly beg by the mercies of our God the cultivation of a spirit of patience, springing not from a habit of laitsez Jairc, but from a good bright hope of one another and a manly spirit ?f tolerance for one another's opinions, springing not from indifference, but from the possession of fixed principles, and because we look on one another as brethren made to be children of Our Father in Heaven through incorporation into the mystical body of Christ our Lord. " Hallowed be Thy Name." There is one matter in relation to " Wor ship" on which I cannot reflect without much pain. It is the tendency—by no means con fined to ourselves—to regard festival and other special services of Almighty God as being simply a mode of obtaining money for purposes connected with the Church. How really terrible a thing it is to see, as one frequently does in the newspapers—"The cervices held at such a place last week were very successful, producing a gain of so much to the Church." Ido not say that the clergy when planning their special services have any other idea than that of rendering to the Almighty the worship which is His due, and of building up the people in their most holy faith — but the popular interpretation as evinced in the newspaper reports ought to set ns all thinking deeply. Are we suffi ciently endeavoring to impress on our people the solemnity of our approach to God? Do they learn from our manner, our reverence in even speaking of things pertaining to God, from our care for the house of God, our avoidance of all slovenliness in everything which concerns our services, our preservation of even the fabric of the Church, that we believe in the promised spiritual presence of our Blessed Lord in our midst? This is not only a clergyman's ques tion. It affects you my brethren of the laity equally with us, nay, it affects the whole community. For to trifle thus with the solemn things of God is to break that com mandment of the Decalogue which is en shrined in this petition. To grow darkened in the very focus of our spiritual light, our approach to God, is to grow in a dark ness that will envelop all our dealings. One word as to the Sacrament .of Holy Baptism. I would gladly see more careful provision made in many churches for its due celebration. Often when a new church is built do I find no font provided. More often when provided do I find it utterly inadequate for its purpose and wrongly placed in the Church. Howerer, this point I will leave to the archdeacons and press them to give it prominence. But I confess I cannot see why the direction of the prayer-book that the " priest shall dip it (the child brought to be baptised) in the water discreetly and warily" should not be more regularly obeyed in this diocese. In England the character of the climate is generally urged as the reason for the adoption of what the Church only sanctions as an alternative where it is certified that the child is weak. Here the same reason cannot be frequently urged. It is probably the use or custom of England and of the Western Church that has bred the habit. But when we remem ber how much we thus lose sight of the full sig nificance of the holy rite, and how much our custom—not our Church's teaching—tends to perpetuate the division from us of a large section of Christian people, and indeed how great a stumbling-block our custom is said to be to members of the Eastern Church, surely in our warm latitudes of Australia we might make a return to that mode of holy baptism which the Church enjoins. A gooi custom of the Church, which both in England and here is becoming more and more honored in the breach than the observance, was the placing at the east end of the Church (accord ing to the canons of 1603) the legibly written copies of the Creed, the Lord's Prayer, and the Ten Commandments. Possibly the greater decoration of chancels lias led to the disuse of these. But surely to restore them, to a place on the east wall of the nave would be a distinct gain in a land where the religious instruction is of co scanty a character as it is here. And I would say the same of the table of prohibited degrees with which marriage is forbidden by the Church. The Church has never relaxed her laws of marriage since their table was framed. No clergyman holding a licence in this diocess can be permitted to marry persons within these degree?, and it is weH that our people flionld be more familiar with the fact. In old churches at home it was a common custom to find such a table exhibited in the porcli or near the west door of the church; and there should be no difficulty about our re viving it. I would fain have luwred, my brethren, on this portion of my subjpet, and have urged on my brethren of the laity the glorious privileges wl.ich is theirs as well as ours in the cliiefest act of Christian worship —the true thanksgiving serrice—the oucha rist For the increase of communicants in the diocese I can indeed rejoice. They are the very strength and backbone of the Church. Their growth in numbers is steady. God grant them equal aud greater growth in grace. It is no new theory that the whole congrega tion of faithful people shares in the consecra tion, joins in the pleading of the merits of the Crucified One. How much more hearty would be our communions were this aspect mere frequently regarded. Kay, all our cervices, with -this as the central act of our worship, would grow in heartiness and vigor if only those who attended them would look on their part as just as important as the part of the minister. The secret of such heartiness and such vigor lies just in thia—in the knowledge of the name, the character of the Holy One, the God who is love-*nd the true prayer, " Hallowed by Thy name," going up from each on? to whom God has revealed it.; " Thy kingdom come." Every earnest Churchman must detiif tli9 increase of his Lord's kingdom. And aa iina firtt petition of the Lord's Prayer cnde£ which we reflected on some aspects of oar worship taught us reverence for our Father's name, so tinder this second petition are our thoughts necessarily raised to the contempla tion of the lHrgfhip of the ever blessed Son of God, and the charge which He has left to His Church to extend His kingdom. To this duty I ask your attention under the influence of the prayer which He has put into our monthp, "Thy kingdom come." Only last year I announced to you the conse cration of the Right Rev. Dr. Hannington as Bishop of an immense missionary district in equatorial Africa. Now bis name is added to the Church's hero-roll of martyrs. Hia strong will, his great courage, his intense devotion to his Master, have sorely not beeo unworthily spent in that perilous and benighted land. It is said that at least mx andtwenty men have voluntarily come for ward to offer themselves for the work in which he fell by such a cruel death. God bless them! The missionary spirit of the Church is not dead. Yet who can say we do not need more of it here. Almost the last words which our lamented Dean said to me were in express ing his desire of seeing more of this spirit among us. We need it in our parishes. Many of our clergy are greatly overworked, and especially bo in those parishes where far mora work is needed. The existing congregations absorb all their attention, and hundred*, if not thousands, of members of our Church ars lost to us, and in many cases are passing their lives without any help from the ministrations of religion. And yet there are laymen rich enough in every town parish to supply the necessary means for the payment of an assistant curate who never seem to realise the great responsibility that lies upon them as well as upon the clergy for the thorough carrying out of the Church's work. I knoiv the difficulty of the times, and I desire very heartily to thank those members of the Church who in spite of difficulties have made a generous response to my appeal for funds for the Home Mis son Society. Bat I want to see much more done in our town parishes. The ten days' mission which it is proposed to bold in four of these parishes next Advent will, I trust, have the effect of at least evoking the work of many persons who hitherto have not attempted to do anything in propagating; their holy religion. It is fitting, I should say, how warmly this pronosed mission had the sympathy and support of the late Dean. One outcome of it, I hope, will be that in no large parish of our city will churchmen rest content without funds being provided for an assistant curate, whowillassisttheiruicumbents in developing the work which at present they are anxious but unable to accomplish. I know the fear may arise that the present inadequate payments of the incumbents may possibly be even further reduced by any attempt to in crease the number of the clergy working in their parishes, yet I honestly believe this fear will prove to be exaggerated. For, in the first place, the more work that is done the more financial support will be obtained: and in the nest place I cannot help thinking that if a com mission be appointed to examine into the appro priation of our various Church funds some scheme may be devised by which grants could be made to assist incumbents in the payment oE their curates. One way which has been sug gested of meeting the undoubted want of more workers in the Church is in the revival of what is called the permanent diaconate. I am somewhat unwilling in this address to anticipate the discussion that will arise upon a motion that is to be submitted to you in Synod, but if the result of the discussion should show special difficulties in reviving this order, are there not other ways lying near to band by which the labors of duly qualified and licenced persons might be utilized in the Church? In the neighboring dioceses in Victoria there is, you are aware, an office which bears the name of honorary reader. Those who bold the office are paid for their work, and the late Bishop of Melbourne on a recent occasion warmly praised their work. Indeed, in this diocese we have two or three gentlemen who, under the name of catechist, and with a small stipend, are doing (food work for the Church in districts where the clergy cannot be maintained. This system might be extended with advantage, and where it is impossible from various causes to obtain the services of a curate, a catechist, whose whole time should be devoted to Church wcrk, if he were a really earnest God-fearing man with some ability, would prove an in valuable assistant to the parish priest. Bat we want more layman's work in the p?rii*?M. I am not afraid of hostile attacks upon Christianity, but I am afraid of the chill air of agnosticism numbing men into spiritual sleep so deep that their religion becomes a dream and nothing more. Against this work is the remedy. Let me quota some stirring words from a sermon of one with whom I have not found myself always so much in accord as upon this point (the Bishop of Liverpool):—" The laity of our Church are not where they ought in the direct work of Christ and the furtherance of Chris tianity in the land. A mischievous habit of leaving all religion to the parson of the parish has overspread the country, and the balk of lay churchmen seem to think that they have nothing to do with the Church but to receive the benefit of hex means of grace, while they contribute nothing in the way of personal active exertion to promote her efficiency. If an Ephesian or Phuippian or TTmao^rtplyi lay churchman were to rise from the dead and see how little work lay churchmen do for the English Church he would not believe his eyes. The difference between .the primitive type of a lay churchman is the difference be tween light and darkness, black and white. The one used to be awake and alive and always about his Master's business. The other is too often asleep practically, and torpid, and idle, and content to leave the religion of the rur**^ in the h??fa of the parson. . . . Let every parochial incumbent make a point of teaching every communicant that he is an integral part of the Church of England, and is bound to do all that he can for its welfare—to visit, to teach, to warn, to exhort, to edify, to help to advise, to comfort, to support, to evangelise, to awaken the sleeping, to lead on the enquiring, to promote repentance, faith, and holiness everywhere according to his gifts, time, and opportunity. He should educate bis people to see that they must give up the lazy modern plan of leaving everything to the parson, and must be active agents instead of sleeping partners. Never wiU tilings go well with the Church of England until every individual member realises that he has a duty to do to his Church, and keeps that duty continually in view." The Bishop of Liverpool speaks of the work of evangelising. lam not without hopes that in the course of a year or two, if money matters improve in the colony, it may ba in my power to form a lay brotherhood of per sons who, living in community together, should spend their tune in working for God. About two years ago I drew a set of rules which provided for a small number of men living upon a sheep station, supporting them selves by the produce of the station, who were to be under the religious superintendence of a clergyman with special qualifications. They were to be under no vows, but the rules were strict. Some of them were to be employed in education, conic in the .more mechanical awl manual work required on the station, but all were to be called upon as occasion required to go forth and preach the Gospel without charge wherever sent. The only diffi culties in the way of its being carried out—certainly they are great ones—are the need of funds for''the purchase of a station, and of the right man to place at the head of such important work. The first of these difficulties it is in your power, my brethren, to overcome; the second ?fll, I doubt not, ; disappear on the removal of the first. Such I a man, I may, however, now say, would have to be of large-heartedness, capable of working with men who perhaps may not even be members of the Church of England, endowed with some of the love of a St. Francis de Sales, the courage of a Savonarola, and the adaptability of a Patteaon, and, above all, the holiness and the zeal of * John Wesley. The need of the work of such a brothe>bo..d is especially felt in thinly - i>opulated country districts. Oh l that" it might be found in the heart of some liberal man to assist me in founding such work for God. In two ways, it seems to me, we may without difficulty assist in developing active Church life in tha country districts. The first of these ? fay civing a more real character to the bishop's visitation of the parishes. I have before thia intimated to many of the clergy that on the occasion of my visit to any country parish where it is practicable I am anxious to have an opportunity of catechising the children oE the Church. For the last year or so I have been able, through the arrangements kindly made by the clergy, to carry out this plan in many parts of the diocese. It not only has the advantage of bringing the bishop into personal contact with the young of bis flock, but I have already become convinced of the good that is done to the Sunday-school through the stimulus of the expected visit. It is my wish also that my visitation may ba made the occasion for presenting to me a role of the communicants in the parish, and for exhibiting the licenses of the .lay-readera, and further for the incumbent to formally make a brief statement to me of the progress of spiritual life in the parish. It wouldba an advantage if at the same time the church wardens could present to me a short report on the fi""w.i?l condition of the church. The other matter to which I alluded con cerns the development of interest in_ church work in a wider area than the pinah. I think we must all see the need of this, audit has seemed tome tibat?ome further urteoMt j than at present exists might be efemuuud 1 by occasional gatherings for discussion of the clergy and Synodal representatives in \ various parts c diocese. For this pur- P ol* I PfSiaise, though by degrees, to divide ' the sett'ed portions of the diocese into raral deanp neg< I have asked the Archdeacon of Adelaide to prepare a scheme for me foe the formation of deaneries in his archdeaconry, and 1 propose to give authority to the rural dean of each deanery to gather together in the most suitable locality all the clergy and Synodal representatives of his deanery for discussion occasionally upon topics which would be sug gested for them, or which they might surest ior themselves. There will be no need of near machinery for this, and though it would not be fair to expect busy men to travel great dis tances, or frequently, yet even occasional meetings will, I hope, stimulate greater interest in Church matters among those concerned. Before I- leave the subject of the increase of the kingdom let me say how earnestly I wish that our churches throughout the whole diocese could be more used during the week thau they are at present. It is sad to see a church door locked from Sunday to Sunday, and though it may be replied tbat to hold the ordinary services on the week days would be a matter of such difficulty in many places, and that they would be attended by so few persons, that the labor of conducting them would be better bestowed in doing work id other ways, still I am convinced that the steady adherence to the prayer book rule on the matter produces in the lung ran blessings upon the parish for which any earnest pastor cannot be too thankful. But if our people cannot find interest enough in the regular morning and evening prayers to induce them to make the effort required in coming, can we not attach them t j the Church by some ampler service, and to lead them on to a love-for the fuller worship. I see no reason why on weekdays Bible-classes and guild meetings should not be held, or an occasional meeting for the purpose of sieging hymn?, or a weekday or weeknight children's service, or a missionary address. In any of these ways we thould be stirring our people to more life, and teaching them to care more for the house of Uod. Let me also, borrowing from my own ex perience learnt from one of the most active and able bishops in England, press on the attention of my brethren the valuable help which they would obtain from wisely con ducted "after meetings," as they are called, faeld at special seasons in their churches when the ordinary services for the day are concluded. A simple instruction with a few earnest words of exhortation, some brief prayers (I Bee no reason why these, if offered by the clergyman himself, should not be extempore), with one or two simple, well-known hymns, w?uld be the means of drawing many persons to make some nse of the house of God who find at present no help to themselves in the more ornate and dignified services arranged in the prayer-book. Yet to myself in sug gesting these various ways of increasing the efficiency and work of the Church in our midst, and to you whom I address may the recollection come home tbat it is God s Kingdom for the coming of which we are taught to pray. It is very difficult to resist the spirit of rivalry—more difficult to exclude the spirit of self-gratification in oar work. Of coarse this is far better Tthan idleness or in difference ; but the remedy against all these lies to hand. It is in the constant recollection of Him whose is the kingdom. It is in getting bold of the fact in such a way that it may get bold of 08—that by suffering and the cross the Bkywed liord won the kingdom and the crown. Think what it cost Him. Keep Him ever be fore the mind's eye. Bring each action before Him. Test it by the question asked of con science—Would He approve ; would He have done it? And if the dear answer comes from a sincere heart bidding yon go forward, then with good courage give of your best labor, your best strength, for the kingdom is the Lord's, and we are but His soldiers and servants. **Tty wfll be done in earth as it is in heaven." A specially solemn meaning' will attach itself in our minds to these words to-day. I had intended, under the heading of this petition of the prayer, to have spoken to you mainly, if not solely, of that personal holiness which it is especially the office of the Holy Ghoet to impart and to promote within us. I had thought to dwell somewhat on the ?eed_ for a higher personal standard of religion, and to have pressed upon you with all my power that, however important may be the other duties of which I have spoken, that which stands as our first require ment to fit us to accomplish rightly the Church's work is "holiness, without which no man can see the Lord." But now another aspect of these words will be before you. God has called from us so suddenly one whose going makes to us in Adelaide so awful a blank that we feel as under a heavy shock. It wonld be wrong to marmur. Tu9 Lord bath done as it seemed to Him good. ITor him who has gone we give thanks. We thank God for his life and his work here. We thank God, some of us, that we have learnt to know him well enough to catch at some thing of his character, and to have him ever in onr memories as an example and a guide. .We thank God for his joy now in the paradise of the blessed. For we doubt not lie hath indeed passed from death unto life. Bat yet when we turn to our work here in Synod, when we think of the sorrowing family, we can only bow our heads in reverence and say, "Thy will be done." On the subject of personal holiness the late Dean was more desirous that I should speak than on any other topic I have chosen. For I may say to yon tbat when I had only laid out the wrhfine of this address some weeks ago I dis cussed with him the advisability of my addressing yon as lam doing. It was at his earnest solicitation that I ultimately deter mined to proceed with it, and I shall think it my duty at some future time, if God spares me, to bring "before you the social and other aspects of our work which I see in dicated in the remaining petitions of the Lord's Prayer. But now I attempt to aidreas myself to the subject of the manifestation of the will of God in our daily life. The dis graceful revelations which nave this year been made of bo mnch commercial immo tality and shameless dishonesty have been, one v thankful to think, a real shock to our community. Religion has received a blow in our; colony from which it will take years to recover. The hypocrisy and hollow pro fession of active religious principle which have covered so much fraud have disgusted a large number of right-minded people with even the name of religion,' What can nave led to such an epidemic of embezzle ment? Is it that there has been so great a leaning on the emotional -tide of" religious teaching that- practice has become perhaps insensibly alienated from profession? Is it Jhe fever of the love of gam which has throbbed so wildly and burnt up so madly the life of the people that it has set them in a delirium of recklessness, only to leave them emasculated and without principle? 'Is it a false shame of poverty and a false estimate of what they think the honor doe to wealth ? Is -it the contagion of emulation which makes some men restless if they think another is getting on faster than themselves, or id it the love of luxury, that curse of our age, which creates unnecessary wants, and then deems it necessary to satisfy them, until the whole simplicity of the man has gone from him? I know not to which of these causes it may be attributed, but I ao know this, that any one of them is a course of life condemned by the life of Him!who came to do His Father's will, and hag taught us to pray that we may do it. Now, our first duty is clear. It is to teach a greater' simplicity of life. I need not take up your time by suggesting the method. Only that I would urge you, my reverend brethren, to make it a frequent and prominent topic in your sermons ; next to press more home upon your people that manly and in the best eeasn old English form of Christian teaching which we have in our grand old .church catechism—the rule of God's corrmandments, the fear of God, the honor and love due to man, our duty towards God, and our duty towards our neighbor. If these were taught as they once used to be, if parents had taught their children and masters their scholars this go"t3 old-fashioned teaching, I verily believe tbat the troubles which press on ns now through men being indifferent to the needs of each other, and to their own duty in supplying them, as well as the shame which rests on n% through so much sham Christianity, would have been averted from our land. THE HOLL OF MEMBERS PRE3EXT. The first business meeting of Synod was held in the Church Office, Leigh-street, on Tuesday afternoon, under the presidency of the Bi?hop. . The following delegates were present:— Clergy not attached to churches having lay representation—Revs. C. S. Beaumont, J. H. Corran, 8.A., Canon Wendy, D.D., P. R. P. Dodd, M.A., T. Field, M.A., J. C. Haynes, A.C. Hoggins. 8.A., K. T. Mathews, 8.A., F. Richmond, F. W. Samwell, B. C. Stephen son, 8.A., W. A. Swan, Walter Ward, M. A., M. M. Whitton, F. T. Whitington, LL.Ii., m! Williams, Churches having lay representa tion—Rer. Richardson Reid, Yen. Archdeacm Marry!*,M. A., Rev. F. W. Merrill, Yen. Arch deacon Fair, LL.D., Revs. F.S. Poole, M.A., Canon Green, Canon Audrew?, H. M. I'ollitt C. G. Taplin, Yen. Archdeacon Dove, M.A. Revs. A. Honner, A. Sells, M.A., W. H Mudie, W. S. Moore, Canon French, M \ ' A. Sell*, jun., M.A., S. F. T. Borrow, E. k! Miller, J. W. Owen, 8.A., Canon Cjombs 3\. M. Donaldson, J. S. Wayland, Canon HoweU, M.A., T. Wood, Canon Morse, M.A., W. J. Bussell, R. Kenny, M. A., J. Honghton! E. B. Webb, M.A., E. K. Yeatman, M. A., w! A. Campbell, M.A., H. Howitt, R. Hayward, B. R, Taylor, and Messrs. G. G. Mayo, S. Toms, W. Shakespeare, T. W. Lindow, D. GarMck, J. Barker, A. F. Browne, J. H. Cunningham, F. J. Blades, L. G. Madley, A. A. Hamilton, F. R. White, G. E. Young, S. Dixon, J. C. Wharton, J. White, T. W. Roach, W. C. Hilton, H. C. Curtu, W. H. Ross, J. C. B. Moncneff, C. Lyons, T. Hardy, H. Willis, J. It, Simpson, E, J, E, Warbuxton, F, Halcomb, c- H. T. Connor, E. N. Wvr, C. E. O. ??smythe, H. E. Downer, M.l\, Morgan Hawkes, G. DeMole, J. H. Wiles, T. S. Prater, A, Spence, W. S. Douglas, C. T. Hargrave, A. 6les, G. Wigzell, W. R. Lewis, R. St. Mark Dawes, G. H. Catchlove, T. Edwards, H. Field, J. U. Tomley, C. T. Smith, 11. A. Price, E. O. Blickuurc, E. Lovelock, J. liord, G. W. Hawkes, C. 11. Young, 11. Mildred, W. Warner, W. H. Howard, J. Bosworth, F. P. G. McCra?, J. G. Pitch.r, G. Gill, J. Warren, W. Gilbsrt, W. B. Sells, V. L. Hamilton, G. A. Connor, C. A. Oldliam, E. Thuiston. The Rev. F. T. Whitington was appointed Synodal reporter. Canon Green clerical secre tary, and Mr. G. W. Hawkes lay secretai-y. THE LAIE DEAN OF ADELAIDE. The standing orders having bten suspended, the Bishop moved—"ThatUie bishop, clersy, and laity of the Church of England in Synod assembled desire to place on record their sense of the severe, the almost irreparable loss they have suffered in the sudden death of the late Dean of Adelaide, who by his generous and sympathetic character had endeared him—lf to all who knew him, by his self-denying Christian life "had set them a bright example of following die Master whom he served, and by his great abilities had contributed the most valuable help in the discussions of previous Synods, and in the development of the work of the Church throughout the.diocese; and they further desire to express to Mrs. Russell and the family of the lite dean their intense sympathy with tin mm their great sorrow." He referred in a few feeling words to the loss which the Synod had sustained in the death of the late dean. Archdeacon Makrtat, in seconding the rcotion, said the dean had been one of the leading members in the formation of the Synod ovtx 30 years ago, and he had been in cfustart attendance at the deliberations and work of Synod since. They all knew the ability which he had displayed, and the interest he had taken in every department of Christian work. From the first he had been a constant fcufftrer in health; four of his children died in three consecutive year?, and he himself had at one time to be assisted by a curate in his work. Since then he had tuffered many severe attacks of illness, and they could not but admire the courage with which he had none the less taken such an active part in all the affairs of the Church. His sudden death had been a great shock, and they could all feel deeply for his family on such an occasion. He believed Mrs. Russell had proved a good wife and mother, and had contributed much to her husband's happiness during the last few yean. The motion Has carried, and on a further proposition by the Bishop the Synod adjourned until 7 p.m. on the same day out of respect to the memory of the late dean. On reassembling in the evening, the following business was done; — STANDING COMMITTEE'S KEPOET. This committee reported—A sub-committee was appointed to consider the question of Synodal collections. Synod is recommended to adopt their report as follows:—(a) That wherever throughout the diocese services are held at least once a month, the congregation should make the annual collection in aid of the Bifbop's Home Mission Society, (b) That wherever throughout the diocese services are held at least once & month, the congregation should make the annual collection in aid of missions to the heathen, (c) That no clergy man who is a subscriber to those funds Bhall be excused from making the collections for the clergy widow and orphan fund and clergy annuity fund in at least one church or licensed building in which he officiates; and that no congregation regularly assembling for divine service not less than once a Sunday shall be excused from making the aforesaid collections, unless with the express permis sion of the standing committee of Synod. A letter from the Primate has been received, announcing his intention to summon the General Synod to meet in Sydney about the end of October next, and asking that notice may be sent of any business proposed to be brought forward by the representatives of this diocese. The committee took into considera tion the question of holding the meeting of Synod in another rocm than the Church Office board room. They decided that it was not ad visable to make any alteration this year, but they are of opinion that in the course of a few years a more suitable room should be provided. The following- properties have been vested in Synod during the past year :—Six acres of land in the township of Macclesfield, upon which is erected St. John's, .Macdesfield. Lot 85, Salisbury, the site 'of St. John's Church. Lots 8 and 9 of section 5629, hundred of Tatala (Teatree Gully), the gift of Mr. P. D. Prankerd, as a site for a church. Part sec tion 819, hundred of Yatala (Highbury), the gift of Miss Dordoy, fur church purposes. Part section 1204, hundred of Onkaparinga, the site of the Church of the Epiphany, Craftrr. St. Mary's, Wallaroo, was^ removed from the lift of churches receiving'grant-in aid on December 31, ISSS, having received a grant for 19 years—four years in excess of the ordinary period. Christ Church, Kadina, should have been removed from the list on June 30, ISS3, but to give more time for pro curing an endowment, the committee decided to continue the grant until December 31,1856. St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln, having received grant-in-aid for 21 years, was removed from the list on December 31,1885. Owing to the large increase of the number of churches re ceiving grant-in-aid, your committee were obliged to reduce the grant by 20 per cent, for the half-year ended December 31,1885, and regret that it is improbable that the fnnds at their disposal will permit of the full rate being paid for a considerable time. Mnch care should be exercised by the standing committee in dealing both with applications for extension of time beyond the usual 15 years, and from churches seeking to be placed on the list The grants for the year have amounted to £619 Bs. 2d.. £37155. lid. less than the amount paid in the previous year. To meet them, the lord bifhop provided the sum of £381 from the Allan pastoral aid fund, and the attorneys of the S.P.G. gave £200, an increase of £100 on their previous Brants. The balance, £38 Bs. 2d., has still to be met. St. Mary's, Penola, has been endowed for a capital amount of £100; St. Peter's, WilUams town, for £100; and St. Jude's, Brighton, for £100. Towards these endowments the Incor porated Church of England Endowment Society contributed £180, and the three churches £40 each, making the total £300. Applications have been received from St. Peter's, Robe, for £300; St Jude's, Brighton, £300 additional; Holy Trinity, Lyndoch, £100; St, Mary's, Wallaroo, £100. In each case the contribution of 40 per cent, has been received from the chnrcb, and the grant of the LC.E.E.S., £600 for the year, will be nearly sufficient to complete the whole of these en dowmente before December 3L, 18S6. Your committee notice with satisfaction that the prominence given by the last Synod to the subject of endowment has resulted in the receipt _of so many applications. The amount received during the past year has been sufficient to meet the expenditure, with - the exception of £1 lls. Bd. Had all the assess ments been received, and tome outstanding accounts for vestry record-books, &a;, been paid, there would have been a balance in hand. The expenditure for 1886-7 is £295. An assess ment upon the same basis as in past years has been prepared. The rate per sitting let, or in cases where no sittings are let, the rate for every £1 paid to the clergyman as stipend has been fixed at 7d., a reduction of 3d. on last year's rate. This assessment will produce £314 10s. 5d., including £1210 a., the amount recom mended by Synod last year for payment by the Cathedral. From the list of assessment it will be seen that under the existing system the amounts paid in some cases are dispro portionate to those payable in others. Not withstanding the existing depression the amount received for the Home Jlissioa fund has exceeded that of the previous year by £11 13s. Bd. The amount received for missions to the heathen is £165 9a. 4d, only £5195. sd. less than last year; £163175. 4d. has been paid to the Melanesian Mission, and £1 12s. to the Delhi Mission. To lie on the table. CLEBGT AKXCrn FUNT>. The standing committee presented the ac count of receipts and expenditure for nine months ending December 31, 1885, and the balance-sheet at that date. £280 7s. 7d., the amount cf unexpended income on March 31, 1885, has been capitalised. A collection on behalf of this fucd has been received from Christ Church, Mount Gambier, but there is one still due. The committee regret to report that Hie Cathedral has not yet forwarded a contribution this year. Since the last report one clergyman has become a subscriber to this furd, leaking a total of 42 out of 71 licensed in the diocese. The Bishop said he had brought the question of the Cathedral contributing to this fund ucdrr the consideration of the wardens im mediately after the expression of opinion by the I'ieviouE Synod, and he iiivict leave it with them to pay if tbty had paid anything. Canon Desi>y point* d out that the Cathedral authorities, although very poor and getting fciorer, bad paid their assessment for Uiib year, acd if a collection for the clergy annuity fund iiad not been made it was rather an unin tf-ctioral onnstii.n. They had collected money for several special purposes. Adopted. CLEEGT WITJOW AND ORPHAN FCXI). The fctanding committee reported—An ac tuary's report on the state and prospects of the fund has been obtained. It states that £50 annuity can be paid for the next five years, icaviDg a large reserve for future contributor.?. The committee recommend that the annuities be fixed at £u5 per annum for the nest period of five years. Since the last report the names of three ccw subscribers have been added to the list. One subscriber has died, and one has left the diocese. There are Dow six annuitants, one having been added to the list during the year. Canon GnEEN pointed ont that not half of the clergy in the diocese were subscribers to the fond. He thought more interest should be shown in the matter. The Bishop en dorsed the canon's remarks. He hoped some day the fond wonld be so much iacreased that they might, as bad. been propostd in England, atk tbat definite church work might be under taken by the widows in receipt of the fund. In reply to a question, the Bishop said some clergymen had been refused admi-siou to the fund on account of lieulth. Adopted. TRtSTEKSHU" Ol" ST. IJAItXAH.\s"S COLLIE. The committee appointed by the last Synod to consider the que;-tionot the ajcfii^ancc of tbe tir.steetLip ol" £t. Barnabns'ri College re pcrtcd that i>art town acres Nos. 702 and 70::, upon which St Bamabas's College is erected, became vested in the Syn?d at the decease of I 'it-hup Short. Your comniittce find that with tin- eietptjon of a wun of about I'GO, which is dei ositvd in the Savings Bank, the Synod has not been provided with fends for carrying out the trusts or paying the expenses connected with the maintenance of the property. Hitherto the rates, taxes, insurance, and other necessary expenses have been met by a grant of £50 per annum from the attor neys of the S.P.G. This sura ia hardly sufficient. The committee recommend that the trusteeship be accepted by the Synod, but that the attorneys in Adelaide of the Incorporated Society for the Propaga tion of the Gospel in Foreign Parts be asked to accept a lease of the property, subject to the above written trusts for, Eay fifteen years, at the expiration of which time the circumstances may be such as to unable the Synod to execute their trusteeship. To lie on the table. ENDOWMENT OF CUCBCHES. The sub- committee reported to Synod that they submitted to the board of the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society a scheme for the improvement of the syetem for the endowment of the churches. At a con ference held by your committee with the board, the following resolution was pasfi'-d :—" Tint the Conference is of opinion that to meet exceptional cases, especially those of the older and poorer churches, it is desirable to adopt 2C>ne modification of the present system of ecdowment, and that the standing committee of Synod be requested to consider thetpicstion, and make such suggestions as they deoin expedient.7' The matter has been placed before the standing committee, who have been unable up to the present to give it considera tion. Synod is recommended to refer it to the standing committee of ISBC-S7. Adopted. DIOCESAN LIBRAHY. After enumerating new works added to the library, the Hon. Secretary (Canon French) reported:—lt is a matter of regret that the number cf subscribers to the library rather decreases than otherwise. For the small sum of half-a-guinea access is given to a class of literature which can be obtained in no other library in Adelaide, and liberal arrangements are made for taking out and returning books to suit the convenience of country subscribers. The Church Quarterly Bcviac is now taken in, and a proposal is before the committee to order the Expositor. Adopted. NEW ELECTION COMMITTEE. The committee reported that the synodsinen elected for the parish of Port Augusta are in order, and recommended that they be accepted to serve in the Synod ; also that the parish of Crafers be allowed representation for similar reasorjs. They cannot make the same recom mendation in the case of St. George's, Wood forde, on the ground that no notice had been given to the Bishop (see new fundamental provision Ho. 13). The application from St. John's, Coromandel Valley, does not show tbat a reasonable proportion of an income for a minister can be provided. Adopted. STJ.-ODAL ESPENSKS ANT) ASSESSMENT. In otedience to a resolution of Synod, passed on May 7, 18S5, the committee appointed to enqniie into the whole question of Synodal expenses and assessment, presented their report. Synodal Assessment, —Regulation not fondamentayivo. 17, provides that the "Stand ing committee, at the end of each year, shall prepare an assessment on each church or parish of the amount it shall contribute towards Synodal expenses, based on the number of the congregation." The manner in which stand ing committee have endeavored to ascertain this "number of the congregation" has Ijeon by reckoning each seat let, or, in cr.-es where there are no seats let, each £1, contributed to a stipend fund, as representing one member of a congregation. The committ<?e are of opinion that ibis method is not equitable, and is likely to become increasingly burdensome, and they have, therefore, tried to find some means whereby a substantial reduction in the amount ' payable by the various congregations could be made. Later on in the report the committee have made some recommendations with a view of decreasing Synodal expenses, but they are unable to find that the burden of the assess ment can be much diminished in this way. They believe that the only way in which a substantial reduction in the amount payable by the various churches can be made is by creating a capital fund, the income from which shall be devoted towards the expenses of Sjcod. Upon examining the accounts of the various church funds of the diocese it appears in Etveral instances tlje attorneys of theS.P.G. have made a grant for a series of years in order to provide capital for diocesan institutions, and the committee feel that the Synod, as the diocesan body politic, may fairly ask that such a grant should be made to it. If a sum of even £200 per annum could be given for ten years, the resulting capital of £2,000 would yield an income which would allow of a material decrrc.se of the levy now made. If possible a larger sum than £2,CM) should be capitalised. As an example of what the committee suggest they call attention to tic grant of about £300, which for 24 years p^.-.t has been made by the attorneys of the S.l'.G. to pie dean and chapter for the purpose of providing a fund to pay the stipends of the dean and canons of the Cathedra]. From the last published accounts of the dean and chapter it appears that the in come from capital is sufficient within £50 to pay the stipends referred to, and possibly the time may be near when the dean and chapter will be able to do without assistance from the S.F.G.'s funds. Should this be the case a sum would be set free sufficient to enable the at torreys to do what is suggested in the matter of Synodal asEesunent. In addition to the foregoing suggestion they recommend for im mediate adoption the following system of a?seesment as being- more equitable than the existing one:—a. Ail churches which shall be recognised by Synod an mission churches shall be assessed at £1 - r >-s. per annum, {~ The assessment of all other churches shall be calcu lated upon the aggregate of such income of the church as is detived from— ]_ seat rents; 2, stipend fund; 3, offertory; 4, endowment; 5, special grants. c. Ko church shall pay less than £1 ss. -per tmnnTn <X. The assessment shall l>e calculated upon the income of the year next before that for which the assessment is made. It is recom mended that the requisite information for cal culating the assessment be obtained by means of special return to be furnished by the inenm bent and wardens of each church. In the event of any chnrcb not making this return within a specified time, standing committee, shall be emiK/u-cred to assess sw.ch chnrcli. Synodal ExpenEes.—Yoar Committee suggest that the expenditure should be decreased by the foDottirg means: —a. By requiring the various diocesan institutions to pay the cost of printing their reports and accounts in the Sjnod repoit. I. By making a charge for copies of the ancual report of the proceedings of Synod, exceptipg those copies issued gra tuitously by direction of Synod, for copies of the model trust deed, the fundamental pro visions and regulations, and for such other printed documents as the standing committee may decide upon. To lie on the table. It was arranged tbat the election of dele gates to the General Syncd, to be held in Sydney, should take place on Wednesday. Several notices of motions having been givfn, the Synod adjourned till 3 p.m. on the following day. 