WODONGA. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The president of the Wodonga shire. Mr. Bambrick, may immortalise his name and year of office by having a couple of stone steps placed at each end of Sydney- street, say near the post office and near to the postal pillar, for the convenience of ladies who come in from the country, when mounting, after having done their little shopping, etc. It is really distressing at times to regain the saddle, particularly at at the post office. I feel sure the other members of the Council would readily agree to the expenditure, and the country ratepayers would be gratified, as it is their lady friends who would mostly reap the benefit of it. Speaking of the Shire Council giving satisfaction,! hear everywhere, from friend and foe, great dissatisfaction expressed at their appointment of Mr. Mickle, of Beechwortb, as shire engineer. This gentleman is no doubt well qualified for the position, but what advantage is Wodonga Shire to reap from the extra £50 a- year over and above what it has cost the shire for the past three years ? £50 less to be spent on the roads, and £100 less to be spent on the shire, for he will no doubt spend his salary, or most of it at any rate, where he resides. But why has this extra expense been incurred ? Perhaps the Shire Council will be able to explain. At least there i8 every probability of a large number of ratepayers echoing, " Why ?" at the municipal election in August next. It would have been far more economical if the Council had requested the late superintendent of roads to retain his office until the new Bill before the House had become law, when it would, no doubt, have been seen that the existing rights of those road superintendents who might be in office would have been conserved, and the storekeepers of Wodonga would not have lost the pickings of the £100 for salary, nor the shire expenses being increased by £160 a year. Where is the Vigilance Committe ? They fought nobly and bravely enough when they thought, through the change of trains, the salary of one or two railway officials was to be spent out of Wodonga, Now, however, this body seems to have given up the ghost of its official position ; or have they become weary of sowing lest " others should reap ?" The early part of last week was remarkable for its intense heat and close, humid atmosphere. It is notorious that we usually get a few as hot days in November as we do in any part of the season, and this year is no exception to the rule. It was my usual fortune, good or bad, as we view it, to be out one of the hottest of those days, and was glad to take shelter in the first available retreat. The first—a bad one by no means was Mr. Allen's Terminus Hotel. Knowing my weakness, and seeing me nearly " done up," he invited me to " come up and see the flowers." Wondering where "up" meant, I followed him to the balcony in front of his hotel, and found myself in one of tbe most pleasant retreats from the heat that is to be imagined, especially as the balcony presented such a floral display as I did not think was to be found in the district. Were I a botanist, 1 would dilate on this varied and choice collection ; as I am not, I must content myself by admiring the beautiful. " A thing of beauty ia a joy for ever." I think some one has written that before ! I do not mean that tbe lovely flowers which I saw will last for ever but the cultivation of the beantiful must leave a lasting impression for good on those who are fortunate enough to enjoy it, and Mrs. Allen —for I was informed it was " Mrs. Allen " is deserving of great credit for the cultivation of this beautiful collection, and I shall not 6oon forget the half-hour I spent among her flowers on that hot, sultry day. It is with regret that I see the Alburv German Musical Festival is to be held on Boxing Day, the day of all others to which the people of Wodonga look forward as their chief dav of amusement in the year. It is well known 'that Wodonga storekeepers gracefully close on tbe day of Albury races and sports, in order to allow all to attend them who choose. 