A Bad --'-'-Night's Gatiip. m THE' QUEEN^LANi)-ÍBUSHK A . ' if Well !!-we' are bushed Peter.. Vl'uax; is eviaenx saidsCharles Vernéir, as '-lie^'dippedi^tq avoid 4tl linib of a tree, which; in. thé - thick! darkness;; ] had" not seen till' it t^afeÄed;>^plent? coñtá : ' with: nis head. ?: r.;" .- ^y$&ffif;~£fy?l ?Peter pushed his ' pabb'áge-tree b^ on one sidei in order to have ffuller; space'.to ; scrat( his ; head, and conducted -;. the: operation inj leisurely manner before helrepUedr- !. ja.' ; *f. Well, it seems sq ; we've-:missed the trac anyway/' ' 511 " I , suppose we had'better camp till dayhrea eh P " inquired young Vorner, wlio was .'a ne sham, and very much;' fatigued'with day's travelling he had too much pluck to' confide the. fact :tö tl old stockman. ?'? ??A- .>\\-i> v- ??? M >;' ir-': But Peter, had been!: occupyingvthe :?; time i which he ; ¿ad been'1 scratching his head in; als peering round.: in tho' ' darkness ; and/his ? accu comed eyes had recognised onepr twp signs wbie gave him a slight, knowledge of His whereaboutE and he was top old a ¡ campaigner.- to, pjasá,ja higl in tho hush at;JaiUirie .'whenthe J'dewsjwcre E their heaviest, and the shooting ;pains in.his muc suffering extremities i were ; at J their .acutest,, i shelter was to be* got.-y/ ( ;>!'¡¿ >y¿.?. " If T don't1 mistake 'there's a house not fa from here,.pr leastways the J skeleton which! was 'never'; finished; be cause Jitjgofc' a'.ba name. .Now I don't lie .put at'nights, unless Tr. forjced; I'veseen tóp^uch^of that game^fSoJ shall -push on a bit f arther,1 and Ijadyise 'ypu3 . come too." y-J.y'.u^ -v:-.;--: ?> i* Oi course T will sti ck to you," said Vernor in as brisk and iincoiicerned a to^ne as he'Coulc manage, though he wished from the bottom o his heart..that old Peter had less objection. to Jth< dews ahd thoir attend ant rheumatics ; for he wai decidedly tired, and so was his horso. However Peter turned at right angles to the way they liac been travelling ; and Charlie Vernor followed hin as best he could, over logs and nuder branches the dingy puggary round Peter's hat being his guide. They travelled in this fashion for nearlj half an hour, when Vernor heard the distant murmur of the sea. . '£;.?'./., ' . J; 'VI did not know we. were)so ; near ...the', .coast. Peter," he roused himaelf , toj.exclaim asjthe caught his ear. -,OÏM 'P^ A;? ;>; -i i ??'.. '.'Not a mile from the shore.of Moreton Bay,': said Peter, «« I can see the house I think."¿¡\¿íc\ ¿. "Thank Heaven," ejaculated Charlie,1"for I think my horse is beginning"to' gàt^eâ^'' ^ : - Peter chuckled. Ho knew quite as well as Dharlio himself tho condition of both horses and riders. However, a Queensland stockman is not given to expend many words on sympathy foi the sufferings of new chum awkwardness.-,- So he contented himself with his chuckle, and fagged on in a darkness in which, to Charlie, it seemed im possible to recognise anything. Peter's eyes had not deceived him; and, though it was many years since he had been, in the neighborhood, ho made almost a straight line to the house with a bad name. ; et We'll soon get a fire," said Peter, as he dis counted, while Charlie knocked his head against 1 post which he had not discovered until too late. . Peter was as good as his word. While- Charlie ?as still fumbling with hie saddle he had un Ítrapped the tomahawk he had carried in fra&è of im, and chopped off some branches of à dead tree {ear j and in a few minutes there .was a blazing re, whose warmth was very welcome aft« the >ng exposure to tho keen weat wind, and whose light enabled Charlie to see the accommodation wnioh awaited him. It was hardly to be called a house, so dilapidated wore the remnants of what at best had only been the skeleton of a building-but some sheets of bark were still loft over a portion of the roof ; and that part bore traces of having been recently used AS a camping place. "There's one part whero there was a room qnite perfect," said Peter ; " but it's badly J haunted." Charlie laughed. His moro recent education caused him to take a different view of the terrors t>£ haunted places from that taken by Peter. " If it is a good room, I vote we sleep in it, haunted or not. Tho wind cuts in here pretty sharp." Peter shook his head. " I am not more afraid than any other man," ho said Blowly, shaking his head, "at things whioh I know I can fight. But I do not know anything about the unnatural like. And there I draws a line. I sleep here. You sleep whero you like." . "Well, I may as well sleep here too, if you will 4ot como. I'm not afraid of ghosts, but I like company on such a night as this."' ? ' And truly the sounds of tho night were wild arid ^eird enough, .without a need for supernatural additions. Charlie soon took his first lesson in hobbling his horse, and in bush camping arrangements gene rally, and felt wonderfully revived, and oblo to contond with any enemies, ghostly or fleshly, by the time he had had hi3 supper, and was lying on his blanket in full enjoyment of his pipe. " This was meant to be a good house evidently. That would have been a fine largo room," ha re marked. . v: " Yes, and there is a grand view over Moreton Bay," replied Peter 5 ";it is a wonderfully .pretty place. That is what made the lady take such a liking to it." . " . ?.? ?<' - :< ' - ? . " "What lady ?" ''i:VÍ;v\:.!V^''l'S;^\¡v-í:-¿: " " The lady the house was .bu^t;ior,r^ho died here some twenty years'ago/V;^ ' ^.^^ ^ . " And does she haunt it?": \híi.^f:^-/uM 'í ;r?> " Yes, she or her dog, or something." .?;%;: . Charlie laughed with aU the magnificent super ciliousness of two-and-twenty-j' " the arrogance of youth" which mocks at the superstitionsof old age. /'::^:--'r^':^^r':r--'.:'Si^ ; j " I would uncommonly like to see her or hear her or her rdawg' either. How can'we rouse the Wraith/Peter,?"... ,," ,, .:7~^.-:.... u j, ..;.v,..' ' » ¡ But. Peter frowned and looked grave. ' Those w¡hó have lived long in-the bush, and passed through the grim stages Which belong'to7 the pioneers of civilisation, whether in lonely watch ing with the sheep, or in the wild rides and wan dering of stock driving, see Nature in some bf hei uncanniest forms. They, though of slender edu. 'cation, know by experience that there are many inore things than aro known in our philosophy] that it is easy to laugh and scoff for those whe have never been tried. Peter had passed nighte and' days in long succession without encounter ing the glance of his fellow men ; and the world in which he had lived so long alone had not been utterly unpeopled j and what he had seen and felt in those grand days ' of . isolation and privation he had no wish to meet again. He had gone through some of those queer mental stages; in which1 things: rwhioh ' aré' not pass before the /mind ; as - if . they actually: were, in which . . the v distinction .bétween illusion / and reality isrno longer clear and well' defined;» He had .known the effect which BCant, bare living, and the action'of tho mind always preying'.' upon itself, because''never distracted from its own Workings by contact with the mind of its fellows, produce; and he had felt their result in a kind of mental dislocation. And, though this stage too had 'passed away, it had loft its mark as well as its memory behind. ? :.. : ?" You leave them -jokes aloné, Charlie Vernèr," he said gruffly, "or you go to sleep in one part, and I sleep in another." . V p' ,*; ' /> , ; ; Charlie, seeing that tho . rhan's /temper :-was ruffled, and feeling that, no matter How philosophi cal lie might bein ordinary times, he had no wish to spend this dark tempestuous night alone, and perhaps also influenced unconsciously by the ?evident convictions as to the existence of au un seen world shown by his companion, held his peace for a short time, and watched tho white curls of smoke ascend from his pipe, as he lay luxuriously onhis back on his conspicuously new blankets. ? "It was a strange story," said Peter in a re flective tone of voice. He had stopped smoking for some timo, and had been gazing at the burning logs which now gave out a subdued reddish light, with an occasional shower of sparks j "and yet not strange, for the women are all alike, weak, weak as water." And he gave a sigh, which raised the almost impossible supposition that in days far remote the women, or at least one woman, had once .held her sway over Peter, and that, grim, gruff, ugly, and ungainly as he now was, he had not -escaped the arrow of the ruthless god. 'Charlie wisely did not allow himself to smile, as be noted the contrast between the indication of the sigh and the actual man. , Tell me the yarn, Peter," he said simply. . Peter did not immediately reply, but gazed still on tho flickering fire. If a painter had wanted to take his portrait, and, before beginning to portray, had wished to comprehend the charac ter of tho man undor the Protean aspects which it is the privilege of all specimens of the human animal to assume, he would have gloated over his opportunity. Here was not only Petor, the stock rider, fearless, determined, undaunted, and unsur prised 5 rough of manner and aspect and spoeoh ; accustomed to live hard and concontrato his thoughts on tho practical work in hand; un mindful of the past, careless of the morrow, without a link in the family of humanity but suoh as tho day brought forth, and tho morrow would tear asunder j with moro affection for his horse than for any other living being ; living by himself, for himself, and yet not hardened by such lifo ; but here was also a Peter full of strange momories, tender yet terrible. Hero were written large some of tho mysteries which the man had found in the world of nature, in the world of man, in the long years he had lived in tho Australian bush. There was almost a weird beauty in the rough- hewn face, as memory lived over agaïn passages which had left a mark which, though not alwajs visible, was yet always existent. The loot on the face of the old stockman, as he gazed at the flickering fire, struck young Vernor strangely. There was moro awe than terror on the man's faco. Yet he was evidently face to face with a scene which inspired him with horror. "I saw Miss Lilian Falconer," he Baid, in a dreamy manner, after a long Bilonco, in a way as if ho wore continuing rather than beginning a relation, " direotly after she landed. It is moro than thirty years ago now. Sh9 was tho daughter of ono of the officers who lived with tho Govern ment resident ; for there weren't no Queensland in them days. Her father went down to tho port to meet her j for she came out in chargo of tho captain's wife. And mortal proud he was of hor. She was as white as a lily, and that was the name her fathor always called her by ; and her ways wero as soft and gentío as her faco was lovely." And hero Petor pausod, evidently dwelling on the picture he had recalled to his own mind. " I waa with Captain Falconer at that timo, odd man like ; for I had come from his part of the ' old country, and he made something of a frien< of mo like. There were not many free raön abou in those days. They wore most all of them con vieta. Miss Lily, she took particular notice q mo from the first day she landed, because sh knew I knew Mr. Stanley, the young fello\ as she was engaged to. Whether he father knew it or not, I never heard but, whether or no, she loved him with al her" heart, and she knew how Mr. Stanley, Mar Stanley his name was, favored mo. Many a littl thing she would ask me to do for her ; and, thoug' she never talked about Mr. Stanley to me, knew who she was thinking of, and sometimes b; chance like I would say something which Mi Mark had said to me, just to see the color com into her pretty cheeks, and her bright eyes groi brighter. She knew some of my secrets, too-ay she was good, very good to rue, and-." , Her Peter's voice died away, and either he could no aiU'culate the syllables, or muttered them to low for Charlie to catch. ". Miss Lily was devotei to her father, too, only she was a little afraid o him.' A.nd I don't think, no, I don't think, h knew how she cared about Mr. Mark; and I'sup pose he never guessed, either, why she was . s mortal fond of her little dog-^-Peter, ?.'it;'; wa named, not after me tlioughViandl Peter, gave j faint chuckle! .............. . . i" He was a nice .little^ dog; / he) was j: à littl white poodle,'as 'cute as 'cute could be. . I bf te] thought ' what a lot1those/ bright "eyes ? of - hie which you could only'just!; seo' through 'his 'liaii seemedto know.;1 -H^ is about the f act j and;; he1linewwhy msjmisfóes loved him so, and potàd n^ he wanted. .. And so ;ho;"tqqk' adyantage. of;.lie love, for him just like any Christian. ' .Ay^poo thing ! she little ' thought hé was to bring abou her death-^and; such' a; death I" And1 Peter' voice dropped again','äs'he gazed ,out: at' the';fire Suddenly 'He'sia'r^d.vioÍ^'tly,>an4; looked round The motion was so sudden and unexpected that i made Verner jump too. Peter, seemed listeninj to something, and the horror-stricken look on hi face ; prevented' Vernor' from- laughing at' hi own sudden start ;:and in spite of himself and Hi philosophy he, too,, looked in the "direction; t Which Peter had turned. ; j :vi ' | " Law ! I seem, to see' it; now/'/ said Peter turning toward the.'-flr'é-agaûvandi; mopping tb perspiration /which stood out in great~beads upp] .his brow; , "It was there, in,that room/^he'said pointing . toward'the laj-'ge^ and but slightly, aila pidated/room in which he had fefÚBedv to sleep ." I wish wo had not come." ..' . - P ¡ . .."''. ? " What was there ?" said Verrier,.rather coldly He did not like f eeling . himself agitated 'in thii .way by an ignorant man's talk." .'.«.v > . ...., ,-v> , : She died-or. wo killed her ' rather," repliée Peter, still wiping hi3'damp forehead".'';;' '"'',,.. "You killed her! Impossible!'' '' |/V "Ay, it sounds so. But-we had-to do it. lt wai tho,suTOst niéroy/'^: *'v^' ;. >' _ . ''J'V-tf,?:'?.'?'" "He wént\mad, did Petér7'Jcontinü,edJ,Peter .hoarsely; 'f A . little more than.Eix'-inbnths aftei they were married and. he bit hier." ' . s , " Then they were .married j!" 7 öxcläimedi Vprner '"Ay, she was married,;but nót''to'1^r.¿Már¿ It..seemed like a judgment." '....!"?' (*%' °rM "But I thought,there hadnpver breenajnac dog in Australia," said Vertier, vdeterminedly;.de' fending his philosophy. Jr . Í "They say so. But this prie^went imadj any how. He was an imported dógi ^ou.knowi? , Mis£ Lily brought him out herself, and '-hoVwont pad and bit her j and she went» mad too, raving mad !" .::. :, ; ; '.. :.. , .. I.,,. ,.. ...»,f.v.e:m,.L " Horrible !" exolaimed Verner, shuddering. Petér sat' silent some time, with a ' visibk shudder now and again convulsing him, and turning toward the fatal room in a manner which compelled Verner to look in spite of. himself, and mado his blood curdle with the vision which hi conjured up in its dark recesses. . . . " I do not know how it came about," Petei went on again. " Mr. Howard was a very riob man, and he loved the very ground Miss Lily trod on. It was plain to see that ; and whether it waa his pleading or her father's orders, or what not, Miss Lily gave up Mr. Mark, though I knew, and she knew, too, ho was to be out como Christ mas. And she married Mr. Howard, and by the time Christmas came she was dead. I was with her through it all, and though I never said a word-never mentioned Mr. Mark's name-she seemed to feel I was thinking of him. And so I was, poor fellow.! I felt for him. I used to think, What should I feel if the woman I loved served me tho same way P And she did. Great heavens, she did," said Peter, with a convulsive sob. " But that is neither hore nor there," he went on, quickly recovering himself. " After Mies Lily married she' seemed to set more store on her cattle dog than ever. Mr. Howard did not like him. I don't think he ever know who gavo him to his wife, but he hated him, seemed jealous of him like, and Peter knew it asmséà as she did or I did, and he seemed to take a pleaWre, the little scamp did, in provoking his mistress to show her love for him, and at the same time to show how he detested Mr. Howard. It was comical some times to watch the little brute's tricks. Ono day he did not Beem quite well, and Miss Lily j aa I coidd not help calling her, was quite concerned. Mr. Howard was cross with her for fondling Petor, and gave him a kick to send him from her. Well, nothing happened that day. Only tho dog seemed very uneasy, and it would not go near Mrs. Howard. We all noticed it. and tho next morning he had a kind of fit. Aiiss Lily, Mrs. Howard, I mean, wont to it, m spite of Mr. Howard, and knelt down, when aUW a sudden tho poor bruto sprang up, and toro round tho yard quito wild like. " Ho's mad," says Mr. Howard, " I'll shoot him." " No, no," criod his wifo ; and sho called to Peter, and tried to catch him, while Mr. Howard wont for his gun. Peter toro round the yard again, and then turned straight at hor, and flew up and bit her on the wrist-a sharp, quick bite, which brought the blood and mado her cry out. Mr. Howard hoard her cry and ran back, but it was too lato. His gun waB only just inside a shed close by, but it was all done in 1minute Uko j but ho took aim, and snot Peter as ¡he was tearing off-his poor, black .tongue hanging out of his mouth.. And soj1 there was nojihore'mischief done. . -?; ..1i>fi"»;'/'vh;.i..».v y Mrs. Howard made light of ;the' bite'. J She would hot allow that Peter was mad ; and she was wild with Mr. Howard for shooting him. She cried bitterly, and took on so much that, if Mr. Howard could have brought the dog to life again, mad or not mad, I'm sure he'd haye done it. But Btillj.he was very anxious about his wife. He cauterised tho wound as well as he could him self, and then insisted that we should go to the town to see a doctor. Mrs. Howard was very unwilling. She said she was quite well ; and,-'; indeed, she was no ways nervous, although-such a frail, delicate-looking woman. We were out Gympie way, although there was no Gympie in .those days,- nor Maryborough either.; * and ' it ' took us pretty nearly three weeks J to ; get down to ¡ town, for the rains had bégun early, and tho rivers and creeks were swollen. Well, we had got nearly to Brisbane j in fact very nearly here, for we meant to pass by hero to see,, how they were getting on with the house. Mrs; Howard had taken a great fancy to the place before they were ' married j and so Mr. Howard had bought np a large bit of country and was putting this house up on ; it just to please her, when Mrs. Howard foll ill. Mr. Howard never said a. word,, but I shall .never ? forget his face'that day.; J I said nothing 'either ; ?but we both ,were .thinkiher.tn'e j same,.th}ng, and neitherbf ns- dared'to!s'ay_it.2J 'Í U " \\-.1 ~* * j s y Mrs. Howard ;ffot,wprse,~much :,w,orse,;-.,>, J dare not think of - th at. thnp/'i said; Peter jshuddering,. ;ahdcb^rmgjhis eyeSjWi^-Ina ¿and.J,;^ rjdb'nqtj' -k'nbw^'^Kaf';' dragged J J, mbXt£; Jçbme^ "¡to^tiliép cursed, .JplaJce-J^ ; round,':a;, very' workmen; went' away.. :.Théy;woníd,-.not i stay rto heari her awfuL cries; except s one, Whom I per suaded to stay.- ' Mr. Howard was J stupefied1 like. He crouched down and stoppbd his ears, while we . held her .down by main force... Never shall I ' forget that iiight; "At' íast'itf'gokso/Je^ble''tib.at '.',. the man who. ; stayed, with yus.took rTa ,'lanre ¿"oft, clbak which ; shë; had ; been-wearing,;,doubled it, .-, and laid it.oveivher:.'faceíl>.'.Hev-said not a word ; < : but ho looked at mo, arid^-Theldifr down with» hiin; . ., It ' was horrible j4 but not as horrible as to 1 see' her . agony;4 dashing 'herself¡J against' ;thol wall'/till ¡her ^beautiful';face- was^ wounds. We held it, and.. the /struggles grew .fainter. It was the middle of the night-dark,; dark ? . as' pitoh. j. .- just , such a night asi thia. - There was a fire ;óf logs outside, and we had a candle in the room. Mr.;Howard still'sat'crouched all in--a heap, I believe he was> . ' insensible'with grief and horror ; and wo too hung over lier and held fast down-the. cloak. ; j'She got quite';qniet' atlast.' .There wais not a sound to be heard, when ! suddenly fróm beneath tho . cloak, there .came a wild shrill cry ; and atjihe \\. selfsame instant through tho air,- there, came a : sharp short, bark.. It was Pfcter's barkr-the ¡bark ? ; he; gayeOwhen- he was hurt!,- The'|twp souhds;> mingled together, and died slowly away'; and from that moment there was' ne ver another movement ; - in ¡the. poor convulsed body.", . : ';/ -i;;r V;vVi : ; Pet^r'shuddered again. " 'Suddenly': hevsprang , ; np'; his eyes almost startingirom.bas.-head..--.'.^.';''-../;.; , f'-Liaten" he cried,and: on the wUd night ,air,.. \ amid the soughing of the branches,, and the duli.:;/, roar of the waves, a short, sharp, bark of pain, mingled with a human cry, could - be distinctly . . heard. ,Ï--.H ;..,-¡Ü/;Í 1 Charlie Vernor- sprang.fromtho ground almost ; ' asjterro'r-'striçken.as old Pe^ wa^-,'sp,distinct,-sb. olqseiv^.^ ¡: . l^ii-.isrin^héreV'í'-lie said'jspoiritmginward,tho;, , room. ; Come." / .yip^^-vviilv í->í^:r.i'íW..-À;-, But; Peter; white- as the dead; only; shook his ? head, and Charlie, furious with' himselfMathis own - : terror, advanced, match in handi'and by the feeblo light peered into tho dark room. . - j,,,, Empty, quite^bmpty, except for k sack of grass which lay in a corner. lin spite of all his pluck, Charlie felt' his ' blood grow chill as he looked in the room which had witnessed such a tragody ; and while he looked, the same mingled cry broke forth, only fainter-' more distant than before. ...... Charlie dropped tho match involuntarily, and turned to Peter; but Peter had fainted, and lay perfectly unconscious, the feeble light; of tho fire nickering on the white features, and giving them ?<??.. a ghastly look. ? - ? <».....' .*..>. Fortunately, there was some water in the billy, ' and Charlie set to work to reviveyhis companion ; ' but his cwn face was very pale, 'and. ' his heart . beat tumultuously against his side.' And rieverdid. r¡ man more gladly welcome the break:bf. day than did Charlie Verner after the first, night of ; his . camping out in Queensland. ' . . ? 1 