TO THIS EDITOR OK TH13 DAILY TELEGRAPH oir,— in your Saturday's issuo, under tho above heading, appears a violent leuding article which ltus evidently boon called forth by an ad vertisement in tho Freeman's Journal regarding mw rroiccuomst uomonRtratiou to take place on Tuesday night, and as that articie is calcu- luted to place u largo and importaut section of the community nnd several New South Wales legislators iu a false position, I nsk you i0 im good enough to allow ine a few words in ex planation. Of my own motion, and without in any way consulting a single soul, I caused an advertisement which I paid for out of mv own pocket to be inserted ia Die last number of the weekly ; newspaper referred to. On this advertisement you founded your art icle which would lead die public to believe that- an Iri.-h-Hupish plot had been revealed. What von can see in tho nil. vcrtiscmuit to lead to Mich <iu erroneous cou elusion, or to justify you in raising unotlici Iviatna ghost, 1 am at a loss to Know. can 1 understand why in alluding to Die sentence " Irishmen of Sydney roll up in strong force at this meeting and help us to obtain u protective policy, Die euiuc as Mr. I'arneU claims for Ireland," you kIiouUi say : "Tim givers of this 'tip' arc: Messrs. ,!. M. Toohev, J.P. Aliholt, \t. F. ileydon, A. G. Taylor. S. Il' llyam. It. H. Lcvicti, \\\ . l\ Wall, I\ Jlogan, R W. OkStillivan and N. Melville." Thero is nothing whatever to show Dial, these lion, members arc the "givers" of the so-ealiei u tip," because Die advertisement does not in auy way purport to have been signed or sanc tioned by them. It simpiy stales that llicr 'arc expected to bo present lo addiv.ss the meeting." and I could have named a mincer of other protectionist M.sLk whom we aLu expect "lo he present, to audre.-.s the mewing." Your readers would infer that the advertise, meat was signed or connived at bv essi ' oohey. Abbott, llcydim, Taylor, II vain Lovicn, Wall, J Logan, O'riuliivan and .Molvihc-I only the hall of whom I may observe e;i pirsant are Roman Catholics — and in ju-liee tothe.se gentlemen, I must say that not one of tlii'in .sere spoken lo before I insetted the advertise, uienl, ami some of them 1 never spoke to ia mv life. It is therefore obvious that you have (lis, covered a mare's nest and raised a false alarm aud that- there is nothing to warrant the state.' men is that " we have an Irish Premier in power and his supporters are direct ly applying to Irish! men to rally round his standard ami assist him to run the Government of this colony on pro tectionist lines laid down by .Mr. I'araeil in Ireland'' and that "it is simply a question of establishing an Irish ascendancy, of which pro- tneliou to ualive industries will be the coucuui- | taut." | You may ask why I used the " -'Uicostive sentence:'' ".Irishmen of Sydney roll up in stiong $ force at this meeting and help us lu obtain :i fj protective policy, the same as Mr. Paruell claims I tor Ireland." .My answer to this is wry simple I — the freelradu leader in this colony hat | appealed to his Irish fellow-colonists tu oppose s a protective policy for New .South Wale? | and this is how he did it. Sir Henry | J'nrkes visited Grange in the early part of last | month on a frcutrade mission, and in the course of his speech directed somo of his remarks lo R those who hail from the KiucruM .Isle, lie ia | reported in ono of your evening eontoiuporaiier I to have said : — 44 He had heard that a great f many irishmen around Orange were pro tec- $ tionists. He would fell them what protec- if lion had done for their country." And The £ Daily Telegraph of duly b reports him ;n haviug spoken thus:— "lie would like to point, out that a protective po.icy had a most baleful effect upon the prosperity of I re- i land." Your morning contemporary of the 4 same date reports Sir Henry I'arkes to bare !. further said : — "The protective policy had such < a baneful effect upon the prosperity of Ireland ' that much o'' Dint country was oppressed ycai ago. No oppression was so gaunt, so black aud so sweeping as the effect of the protective policy of Hnglaml. It simply swept away li ber liuenr and ho woollen manufactories, as every student of Irish history must know, aud so it was wherever that kind of policy was tried.' Now, sir, wheu I read these utterances of the loader < of the Opposition 1. conceived a Uesiio to reply to them and to show how one-sided thov wcie : and how Sir 11. I'arkes distorted and suppressed J political history ; and 1 also desired to Danv tin 3 .Irishmen who were appealed to by Sir Henry a Purkes Diat the leader they believe in atui i venerate— Mr. G. »S. raruell— is aitugolher | ooposed to tho fiscal views of the leader of the | New South Wales Opposition. When I wa? | selected to address next Tuesday night's gather- | ing I. saw that would afford me a chancy of | earyingout my desire, and of showing Irishmen— | who, as far as lean see here are mostly froetnulera | why they should lie protectionists. 1 then | wrote out, handed in and paid for the adver- 1 tisement, asking them to 4 roll up," and when b I mount Die platform ! will be prepared to js carry out- my intention ou 'Tuesday ni/ht. It never struck me at Dm time l hat the adver- | tisement— which you did not. reprint in full— fe would ever he twisted and turned and used in fj order to make political capital out. of it. Tliii g is a plain, unvarnished statement of facts, and g 1 am sorry such a simple thing elicited tbe | article you published on Saturday, j As a protectionist, i am not deDrou of making any appeal to any sect or nationality for support in Die fiscal battle we are waging, That mode of warfare I leave to our oppuueius, fc who have already "sullied their hanus by sec tarian weapons," as witness the attitude and utterances of a prominent member of the Parke a-eum-frceirade faction — Mr. William Clarke, M.P. — when opposing .Mr. T. 31. .Slattery'n election to the CT.airm inship of Committees, atui Sir 11. J'arkesV appeal to hh audieuce iu the Protestant-hall la>t U cJaosday night, when he craftily informed them that it was he who gave them their Ivluc.itiun Art. But J think 1 havo as much right to ask my Irish fellow-colonists to support a protective policy that an Irish leader approves of as dic leader of the Opposition has to ask his Kuglish fellow-colonists to support a frcetrade pulicy that mi English leader approves of. I he utii-.'r 1 night 1 heard Sir Henry i'arkes ask Englishmen lo stand by the cause of froetrade, which wat warmly espoused hy Mr. Gladstone. \Uiv, \ then, should J. not ask Irishmen lu stand by tlm cause of protection, which is ju.-t as warmly espoused by Mr. Paruell? It is preposterous to n-'.-ert that Uo:n:W Catholic protect ionisls would adopt rifts- rian tactic- to keep Sir Patrick donning in office simply because lie ; an irishman and a co-roligiomst of theirs. I am sure they would do nothing of Die sort. They are only snjipurt- ing hint at this juncture because he is the tirt Premier who has bad the boldness to insi'rn.ie thin end of the wedge of protection in M"s South Wales, ami if he refuses, after the Custom Duties Bill has finally pus.-ed into lavy, to drive that wedge further home the Catholic ptoUe- tiomst.s will spare no effort to hurl him from power aud bring in another Premier, no matter what his religion or nationality may be, win will do it instead of him. and in their ellui'U Diev will have what lit' to assistance 1 cm render theiu. You speak of "the mnqjiucy which is on foot to sneak in »roiycikn , at Die expense of the Australian spirit ot the community," bill 1 can assure you there is nothing but a healthy aud purely Au>trali;ui spirit and sentiment actuating those of lis who are now fighting for protection tor New houjli "Wales, and as au Australian native 1 suu'.irDy trust 110 other sentiment will he imported into , , the contest. i I may add that inhere is anything blame- worthy — audi deny that there is— iu connec tion with that wimple advertisement tltc blame | must, iu common fairness, rest on my shoulders ( alone. Tim worst that can he said is that I allowed my zeal in tho cause of protection to outrun mv iud«ruieiit.— Yours, Are., ,T. J\ T. CACLFlKhl! 135 King-street, Sydney. 