THE SOUTH SUBURBAN GAS C0MPARY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AGE. Sill, — "Eccc Utirum CrisiHiuu. " Behold tho irrepressible Metropolitan Crispin again ! The short letter of Mr. David Whitley in this day's issue of Tlui Aye has the following words: — Referring to the letter of Sir Archibald UichiG that appoarcd in the Aye of Tuesday last, when he stated that his views had the approval op and concurrence qJ hie oo-directorst 1 now beg permission, through you, to state that I have the personal assurance of several of tho directors of the South Suburbau Company that Sir. A Miohie hid no authority to do more than express his own views as a shareholder." Mr. Whitley has either wilfully misquoted me, or he is cot a gentleman who should venture Uy quote at all without verifying his quotations. The words in my letter are us follow : — 41 I write this letter with the concurrence of my fellow directors," and no such words occur in it as that my view had the approval of my co- directors." My letter was not- only written with tho oonourrenco of my fellow cGrectora, but, as I had very decidedly expressed my views at a board meeting, one of its members suggested that I should write a letter for publication. I havo since attended a very full board meeting, and not one of those present com plained, or even hinted to mo that I had 'misrepresented their views. One slip of the pen ouly did I commit in stating that tho company wore to spend £50,000 with in the first year on the proposed site, wherea I should have said 44 within tho first two years." I should not think it worth while to notice Mr. 'Whitley's last letter but that it was preceded . by another, and followed by & reported deliver ance of his to a journalistic interviewer. In his first letter of the 26th instaut, referring to mine In The Age of the preceding day, he writes, the (then to me) mysterious words, " I know well where the shoe pinches. I have no doubt be- ioro the ghost is laid tho whole truth will come out." In tbis metaphorical mixture of ghosts suffering under sheos that pinched I really did not understaud at the time what Mr. "Whitley meant ; but he throws light on his words by ono of bis speeohes to tbo interviewer. Returning as he does a second time to my letter tf the 25th— which, by the by, he said amused hm, although now ho docs not seem to like ton amusement — he says, to the interviewer, 14 In a letter to a contemporary, Sir A. Mithie alludes to my interest in the Metro politan Company. I do not desire to reply to that letter, in case some things I should say might injure tho prospects of tho negotiations ; but I think it duo to myself to take tho opportunity to say that Sir Archibald llichie has near relatives more interested in the retention of the South Suburban Gas Company as a separate concern than I am in tho sug gested amalgamation. " In the above expres sions, Mr. Whitley, of course, refers to tho fact that ono of my sons is the solicitor of the £.6. Company. I think it sufficient to pay that I neither proposed nor se conded him for that position, nor requested any other person to do so. This being so, I think it would have been a Httle extraordinary bad I interposed to preaent him from getting the appointment, as it would have appeared little other than sheer affectation of official virtue, or it would have implied that I did not think him fit for that duty. Hot one of zny co- directors can say that ho has, by reaeea of bis relationship to me, ever rootived any considera tion at my bands beyond that whioh has been accorded to any other professional man with whom, in tbedisohargoof the business of the com- 5 any , the directors have been brought in contact, think, therefore, that Mr. WhWey will be quite as well employed in explaining his own preternatural aotivity in this business as in objecting to my former letter. For I can assure him that in places where business men most do congregate it is as broadly insinuated as under stood that if bo can bring his exertions to a uoceesfol issue he 16 not to go without his reward. Tho man who is tbo objectof such in sinuations—often extremely unjust as well as unfounded— is probably in most cases tho last to hear of them ; and, therefore, if Mr. Whitley trill, in reply to this, only state that ho neither expects, nor will receive, any compensation in any Bhope from the Metropolitan Company or from any other soorce as a consideration for his diplomacy I shall feel that motives of self interest have been as unjustly attributed to him "as bv Urn to myself.— Yours. &o..; ARCHIBALD MICHIE, Q.O. JtatStXildav28thMay. 