MARJORY GRANT'S PROTEGE. [From the Youth's CommnionA Willie did not cry, or even seem to dream of crying; he only opened and shut his big blue eyes very often, and his ruddy cheeks got a trifle ruddier, while Mftrinrw fcrnmhlarl orif-k aDger, which, however, she had the prudence to remember she had better not express. "Good morning, Mrs. Lowry," she said a3 pleasantly as she could. " I have brought yon two little frocks for Beenie and Betty [this was a stroke of policy cf the wily Mrs. Grant], and here are some sweeties for them. What big girls they are growing, Mrs. Lowry!" said Marjory. " Big enough to be a bother, mis3," was the reply, in a slightly mollified voice, as she tested the quality of the little frocks between her moist, steaming, coddled fingers, and found it good. "And that little idle rascal there jist gars them get into mis chief, so he does; I'm fair moithered with them." "Oh well, Mrs. Lowry," then said the astute Marjory, " I'm sure you'll be pleased to hear that I want to take Willie off your hands for at least an hour every day. I'll teach him his lessons if you'll let him come, and there'll be at least one less for you to look after," Nothing would have induced sulky Mrs. Lowry to say that Willie was too useful to her to be spared, beside she did not wish to offend the " leddies at the big hoose," towards whom her gratitude took the common form of a deep Bense of favors to come, so with an ill-grace she agreed that Willie should daily attend Mar jory's private class of one, every morning at 10 o'clock. So Marjory departed happy, and next morn ing began her school. On fine days she chose for her professorial chair the front door-step3, that lay,wide, smooth, and warm in the summer sunshine, but if the weather would not allow of such " al fresco" teaching, Willie was ad mitted to the sacred precincts of the house keeper's room. Marjory found him a most intelligent, eager little pupil, and was amazed at the rapidity with which he mastered the mysteries of ths alphabet, which he repeated with such an energetic shout that every letter became a dis syllable in his mouth—"A—er, B—er, 0— er," and so on to Z—er." The first day of lessons Marjory told him she was so pleased with him for baing good and attentive that she was going to give him a bread and jam prize, but though his broad honest face beamed with smiles as he took the great slice of bread, liberally spread with fragrant raspberry jam, he never offered to eat it. "Well, Willie, what's the matter?" said Marjory; "don't you like it?" "Oo ay, mem, I like it fine, but I'mbidin' for Beenie atd Betty, mem," replied he. Anxious to see what he would do with it, Marjory followed him down the shrubbery, midway through which Bhe saw him begin to trot aB fast as his little bare feet could carry him, to meet his two unprepossessing nurslings, who were stumping solidly together along tho path to meet him. "Hey, Beenie, wumman, hey, Betty, wmnman." cried he. "sienan a fine iollv n'on« as I've got to us a'," and holding oat his dainty he made one solemn infant and then the other take a big bite, and then, and not till then, did he take one himself. "He is a little hero," thought Marjory to herself. "Who could have looked for such generosity, such self-denial, in an ignorant, illused, untaught little fellow like Willie ? I wonder if I shall teach him anything better," thought she. "Mother," she said, when she got home, " cook is quite right. That is a fine bairn, and a real fine bairn. I shall be proud of my pupil, you will see, when he grows a man." After Marjory had got him through his alphabet, she bethought her it was time she began some moral and religious instruction. So there came a day when, the last "z—er" having been vigorously shouted, she asked him— " Willie, did you ever hear of God ?" " Na, mem." "Or of heaven?" "Na, mem." " Did you overhear of the devil, Willie?" " Oo, ay, mem, he an awfu' big, black mon." This on examination proved to be the ex tent of Willie's religious knowledge. Marjory's first efforts with him were scarcely encourag ing. Having endeavored to impress on him such elementary truths as that God made him, the heavens, the earth, and the sea and "all that in them is," Willie made great round eyes of wonder at her and exclaimed— " My! mem, God must be an awfu' big mon I What a sight o' porridge he maun sup /" "0 Willie!" Marjory hastened to explain, "God is not a man, and He never sups por ridge." An expression of profound compassion passed over his little puzzled face, and with a sigh ha said— "Hech! puir mon, he must weary for his porridge." Marjory thought she had better hazard no more explanations, so she proceeded to tell Willie how God took_care of him and of every body, and watched over us all, and kept us from harm. "And wha watches over us when God sleeps, mem ?" enquired Willie, shrewdly. " God never sleeps, Willie." Willie looked still more profoundly sympa thetic, and with another sigh, exclaimed— " Hech, puir mon, he maun want His sleep." Marjory was in despair. When she told him God loved us all. "He doesna love Wullie Dowry," cried the child. " He deesna ken Wullie, mem." "Oh, yes, Willie," said Marjory, "God doe3 know you and love you. He is the great Father, Willie's great Father." " I'd like fine to see Him," cried Willie. "Wullie wants his Feyther, mem," ha added, and the little fellow's lip quivered, and the big blue eyes filled with tears. The teaching, however, went on, and was on the whole a great success, though Marjory made the mistake common to most very young teachers, of trying to cram big idea3 into little heads that could not hold them. One day she had been endeavoring to teach Willie what faith was, but his round eyes grew rounder and rounder, and bis jaw dropped, and he stood the picture of mystification. Marjory cast her eyes around in the forlorn hope of laying hold of an easily comprehended metaphor. Two huge old stone cannon-balls decorated either end of the step on which she was seated. She took up a small pair of scissors .with which she was snipping holes in the bit of English embroidery she was busy with, and said— "Look here, Willie. Do you Bee those scissors?" "Ay, mem." "Now shut your eyes." Willie screwed them up as if he nevor meant to open them again. Marjory slipped the scissors under the stone ball beside her, " Now open your eyes, Willie. You can't see the sciBBorB anywhere. I have put them under the stone. Where do vow think they are ?" "Under the stane, mem." " Why do you think so. Willie ?" "Ye telt me, mum, and ye wouldna tell a Ice." "That's quite right, Willie," cried Marjory, joyfully. "You believe what I told you. That's faith. You know the scissors are under, the stone, because I told you they were there, though you can't see them. You know what faith is now, Willie, don't you?" "Fine, mem," answered Willie solemnly, with a much enlightened countenance. Marjory began to feel sure she had a great gift for teaching, and rewarded her disciple with a large lump of sugar, which he carefully hoarded till he found Beenie and Betty, when he presented it first to one little dirty mouth and then to the other to "tak' a lick," after which with great satisfaction he refreshed him self in a similar manner. Next morning Marjory begged her mother to come ont and listen how nicely Willie was getting on. With some importance she began— " Now, Willie, what is faith ?" Willie's eyes shone with conscious learning, and he promptly replied— " A pair o' shiskies under a stane, mem." Mrs. Grant burst out a-laughing, aud after a brief moment of discomfiture, so did the poor little teacher. "My dear," said kindly Mrs, Grant, "a child's just made up of faith. Don't you bother this little head," patting Willie's as she spoke, " to explain it just yet. He feels it, and that's enough for bim." Next morning, for the first time, Willie did not make his appearance at ten, and Marjory was just going off to the cottage to look fo. him, when cook came running after her, cry ing, and wipine her fyes with her apron. " 0 Miss Marjory, dear ! here's awfu' bad news for you that was so fond of him. Poo • Wee Wullie'8 like to die," and then cook told how his uncle had come home drunk the night before, and in a fit of rage thrown his heavy boot at the unoffending child's head, and that the boy had fallen and scarcely spoken since. " And the docti r says, miss," said cook, "-as how he'll never get up again." Swiftly through the shrubbery ran Marjory, and in a few minutes was tapping at the cottage door, Mrs. Lowry opened it, sullen as ever, but with her eyes very red, as if she had been weepiDg. "Come awa'ben, miss," said she, "and see him. He thocht a sight of ye." Mar jory drew near the dark, close, box-bed where her little favorite lay dying—how unlike to the ruddy, sturdy little pupil she had learned to love so well! White, white was the little face now, and the bandaged brow gave the child the aspect of an infant Lazarus. The bonny honest blue eyes were closed, and hut for an uneasy moan from time to time it seemed aB if death had already claimed his prey. Marjory, with streaming eyes, bent over him and kissed him. The blue eyes opened, and the ghost of his merry old smile flickered round the pale lips. "Hech! mem," he whispered, "is't yersel'? Ye're awfu' guid to Wullie." Marjory could not speak for sobbing. She only kissed the little white cheek again, and the little fellow lay quite still for some time, seemingly slumbering, and moaning in his sleep. By-and-by, once more, and for the last time on this earth for Marjory, he opened his eyes, and fixing them on her face, said faintly— "Wullie wants his Peyther. Oo, mem, Wullie wants his big Feyther." Through her tears Marjory began, "Our Father who ait in heaven," and Wullie closed his eyeB again. Before she had finished that prayer of prayers he slumbered again, and Marjory stole softiy away, meaning to return in the after noon, but before then, " Wullie " had found his " big Feyther." 