THE PARKES DIARY. It is seldom that even the advertising colunns of the 8. iL. Herald have given a more pleasing literary announcementthen that the other day of the existence (as yet, of course, in his own safe keeping) of Sir Henry Parkes' diary. With the political occasion which led to the, perhaps, premature disclosure of this, doubtless, destined-to-be priceless literary posses sion, we have nothing here to do, but pro suming that some day so precious a record will be given to the world, there can be no harm in pointing out a few of the many reasons why it should be, or rather, perhaps, in enjoying in fancy some of the pleasures which may never be ours in reality. And first, as every one must often have remarked, one of the most peouliar features in the hon. author's career has always been the num ber of differing, often utterly conflicting accounts, furnished chiefly by himself, of almost every public act, word, or oven thought of his life. There is scarcely a transaction in his career, from the form ing of a Ministry to the making of a Chief Justice; the securing of a seat or a supporter, or the purchase of a statue or a picture, of which there are not mostly under his own hand, almost assnanyvarious versions as therearoletters (knightly affix included) to his name. It is true the diary will probably (as in the case of the late famous extract) only fur nish one more, but at least it will be the version finally approved by the hen. author, or if not that, then only another instance of his wonderful versatility. In any case, it will always be possible to say in answer to carping critics mistaking or misjudging the great man's deeds or motives, "Seo hero is how he himself would have his conduct regarded; this is how he wished it to be supposed that he thought or acted, oven if he never so acted or thought, and after all, why not this version as true as any of the others Y" But it is on higher ground than as affecting merely the hon. gentleman's credibility, which even now stands on its own, that we hail the prospect, distant though we mnst still hope it to be, of this precious addition to the world's literature. There are, of course, diaries and diaries, diaries of fancy and of fact; of the head and of the heart; diaries of the soul, com muning only with itself and diariesprofes sedly" not meantforpublication,"yotsome how finding it looking wonderfully as if meant for nothing else. Knowing as we all know the marvellous many sidedness of the hen. gentleman's character, his admittedly "impulsive nature," his almost childlike candour and touching fondness for taking on every fitting or unfitting occasion the public into his confidence, who can doubt that the Parkes diary will be all that the best diaries of each kind have ever been combining, specially as he himself, all the gushing tenderness of the poet with the wide knowledge of men and things, of the man of affairs, and of the world. In this view, just re flect what a light this revela tion of his inner self may throw on that history of our time, which he has so largely hoped to snake, with all its by ways and dark places of which no one knows so much; how many mysteries may be made plain, and strange stories grow stranger still as we learn from those truthful pages, how they really did hap pen or how, possibly, they never did. Here, too, happy we may hear, echoing through the long past, the very murmurs of the stream that first moved his soulto poetry; see again the "bleeding hands" that first turned his thoughts to politics; and both see and hear at last the fearful] spells - and incantations with which at one awful period of our history, he raised that most ter rible and very wickedest of spectres, the Kiama ghost. If it was ever held, as. reported, that the hen. gentleinan on that occasion had really sold himself to the Devil, we may then hope to know it, and a lively literary controversy be got up, as to whether his Royal Highness of Dark ness had ever enforced his bargain; and, if so, how he probably liked it. But it would be endless to recount all the probable, even loading, features of this doubtless fascinating work. There are few phases of human life or character which will not find some record there. But thereois one which may be expected to fill both a large and most movingplace. Friens after frienod departs. Who has not loste a friend ? asks feelingly the poet, and no one must that touching query touch more keenly than the hen. gentleman of whom it is only too painfully notorious that he never had a friend whom he did not 'lose. His favourite poem, of his favourite poet Tennyson, he has been heard to say, is "In Memoriam," and we should not be surprised to find 'his diary largely a sort of prose poem of the same philosophically pensive order, sacred to the memory, not of one but of innumerable lost friends.. But, of course, though a kind of gentle melan choly has ever been his favourite mood, le ,will not be always such. Here, too, we may sit with him in council and at great men's feasts; travel with him to far lands and find him, poet and premier, still at home with the greatest of both orders in the world; and further still, to thelandof disembodied politicians, whither alone of all his kind he seems to have the privi lege of retiring and returning from at will, and there, for the present, we will leave him. 