THE ïeirailîfïilumj Cljroniflf. TIÏE FARMER' ADVOCATE. SA TCIÎDA Y. JUL Y 24. ISSG. NOTWITHSTANDING the unerasing efforts of two or three metropolitan journals to excite the public mind against Sir PATRICK JEXXING'S Ministry, it occurs to us that its position is stronger than ever. Sydney docs not rule the country, much as the Sidney Daily Telegraph may think so. That paper, as v. eil as the Sydney Morning Herald, represent, to a large extent, no doubt, the commercial section cf the com muuity, but they do not. for all that, represent the people ; that i* left for the Globe, the Bulletin, aud perhaps one or two other journal- of smaller circulation. It is true the teachings of the two last named papers are decidedly Protectionist which, however much we may regret, we must acknowledge, finds a ready acceptance by the people. We don't believe in Protec- tion, and we view its extension in Australia with pain ; still, if the people wish it, that is the line of policy that will rule, and which the minoiity must submit to, whether it be against the interests of the colony or not. Of course, Sir PATRICK JENNINGS has th« support of a number of Protectionists-not I that his Mini-try, either individually or collectively, lean that way. but because this j section of politician« believe in the principle i of accepting what they can get ; they are ; content with small concevions until they ' can get all they want-and it is immaterial j from which set of men they get these con- cessions so long as they do get them. Xow. ¡ although we .lo not believe in Protection, i andthinktli.it the ad valorem duties are quite tiun^ee--s.ary, we do not, for one moment, suspect either Sir PVTKICK JENNINGS or Mr. Dinns to be traitors to j Free-trade: and we'd much rather tiust a ! man of Sir P.ITUK K JEWIXH'S character \ with the destinies of the c.douy than such ! free-traders a« Sir III.NUY PAKKES and Mr. i REID-in fact, iii- du not esteem them Fioe trader» at all. but simply the mouth-pie-c* of a clique of monopolizing moi chants whose interests have boen hugely protected in the pa-t. When wo find able men like the two politicians just named supportii'c. under th^ gui-e <>f Fiee-trado. au attempt to impose taxation upon the people in such a way that the wealthy may escape, we unhesitatingly say that we can find no other name tor them than traitors-traitors to the d ittrine they profess to preach, and traitors to the people they profess to icpresent: and when the Daily Telegraph supports these men. and affirms that the people of the colony aro with them and i against the Government, we must till it traitor ai«o. The doctrine of Free trade, rightly uuder-ttod. is t1 at there shall be no restric- tion up* u fair and légitimée commercial enterprise ; that every man -/nail be free to start any induktiv he pleases-at his own expense: that ,ie shall bo able to buy in any market h< pleases, and that the burthen of taxation *!.«!! fall upon all classes of society cquita1.];.-. Now. does Sir HENRY TARÉES, Mr. O. H. Run or the Sydney Daily Telegraph act upon tho-o principals, when they back ui a se >re or two wealthy merchants in their attempt to tax the people's tea. rice, beer tobacco and sugar all of them, we m.iv sa;., ueces-aiies of life, and consumed much more largely by the poor than by the i ich : We say" '. no" - emphatically no. The argument u-ed by those protected \ Free-traders is, that tLr articles so taxed are so largely cou-unied, and the expense of collecting the tax -<» «mall, that sufficient revenue will be d^ i ved therefrom for all purposes. Just s., ; that"« where this little attempt defeats it« own ends : the bulk of the revenue would be piovided by persons of small means ; stamp unties, property and land taxes would be unnecessary, and, therefore, those who were picking all the plums out of the nation ii pudding and best I able to pay, would be asked to pay none at all. That is ju-t wliat this class of Free ' trader desires ; Lr< wants Free- trado-for himself-and an immunity from taxation ; he is not one whit better than the Pro- tectionist who work« to build upan iudu-try -and fortune -at the expense of other people who reap no benefit therefrom ; his aim is just as selfish, and as much to be condemned. It ia on this account we prefer Sir PATRICK JENNINGS, and his ad valorem duties thrown in, to Sir TLEXRY PARKES and his bastard Free-trado ; we know what Sir PATRICK JEWIVCS is, but Sir HENRY PARKES we never know. He pi-ates about Free-trade, yet he conspired with those he knew to be Protectionists to oust tho bona fide Free-trade Ministry of Sir JOHN ROBERTSON ; and yet this is the sort of man the S. D. Telegraph asks the country to stand by in preference to Sir PATRICK JENNINGS. And Sir HENRY PARKES him- self bas the hardihood to stipgest that a Ministry, with a large majority at its back. I should resign in favour of, as we have said, those who are not considering the people so much as they are place and pay, and the kudos and material assistance of syndicates of capitalists and merchants. As for the tactics adopted by the Opposi- tion of late, they have been simply dis- graceful ; and outside of Sydney we feel assured that not half a dozen respectable papers in the colony will be found support- ing them. All this long wrangle and waste of time is not for the people's good ; it is not a question of Free-trade and Protection, but it is a struggle for power-which we hope never to see in the hands of Sir HENRY PARKES-who is responsible for all the loss of time incident upon motions of censure and otherside issues -which he must have known he had not the ghost of a chance of carrying. The Assembly, as at present composed, has decidedly said, '"Sir HENRY, we do not believe in you" ; and the country has re-echoed the words ; yet we have a bastard \- journal-first Protectionist and then i Freetrade monopolio, and half Victorian- I daring to affiim that the country is with Sir HENRY PARKES-not only on fiscal matters, but on other matters of policy. I Judging from what we read in country newspapers-whether we like it or not-it is evident to us that there is a strong feel- ing prevailing in favour of Protection, and those who affirm otherwise must be blind. , I Whether a newly elected Assembly would prove this or not, remains to be seen ; though, as regards the present House, one i can discover nothing but a desire to escape taxation of any kind ; therefore, only for further loss of time involved, it might be just as well to go to the country at once and make it a test question-whether the country should have a Protective policy or not ? One thing is pretty certain, how- ever ; we shall not get one hundred and twenty- two members to vote for an equit- able system of taxation until the system of payment of members is confirmed. We have seen over and over again, members objecting to tax the wealthy, simply be- cause it would include themselves ; and , whether the future of the colony be on Free-trade or Proiection lines, to ensure fair play to all classes, all classes must be fairly represented ; because Protection-' much as the working classes may think to the contrary-will be no more for their benefit than Free- trade-perhaps not near so much ; the monopolist and capitalist, in ¡ either case, will rule, unless the remedy is applied in payment of members ; and then. I with vote by ballot and manhood suffrage, if the working classes make a mistake it will be their own fault. 