TIic fWeird Bird of-the. S.ouili Atlantic. . ... \ ; „ . _ . , -New, " York Sun. Ab tho craft bowls r.icug in the South: Atlantic a new %vorld eseros to open on tho voyager. The oonBtc-llatiou of the Southern Croos has ecarcely become familinr to bhu before he begins to see animal, or rather bird," liffl altogether rievr to hiu>. Ono or tba greatest novelties of this hied that can Gvor impres3 itself on the mind of man 13 tl;o albatross. Soma morning tho lounger will reach the deck and, ousting his eyo in tho wake oi the ship to judge her Bpecs, will sea a opeck just above . ths horizon far astern. Growing larger and larger as it approaches, it finally dcvelopea into a gigontie bird,*sllll the old sailor, conning the holm, willgrumy . suggest the fact that it ia proper for the tyro to wet his first introduction to an albatross. There ia something inesnressibly weird about - the bird itself, as woll *as in its manner of flight, and it is a matter of little wonder to those who havo seen it that a brais such as Coleridge's sUould have hit upon it for tho text of his Lady of the Ancient ? Mariner.-'.., Without a beat of win:;, without motion of the body, ttio bird long, easy-going tacks, swoop up from astern until it firsts within easy watching distance from the ship, it chooses to follow. It will then " lay to" sfc that respcctful distance, anil, after taking thorough Btock of tho stranger that has in-. . vaded its domain, will, with no apparent effort, swoop past tho ship to port or star board, as the case may be, pans it by several. cable lengths, and then, laying to ou tho opposite hand to its advance, cllow tho ship ???: to pass it, and will then onca more take up jta post as rear guard to tho procossioD. ? Nothing can bo more ghost-lite than tho sction of the albatrosa in thus passing or being passed. No stroke of, tho wing occurs, and all tho motion apparent, except that of the almost uninteligibla cleaving of the air, ia the half turn of the bird'u hoad toward tho Ehip, made aa if to see what manner of beast this was that had come-to bother i(. Though sailors aro over prone to superstition, they seem not to bo very particular as to tho saoredness of the albatross, and will always assist in a capture, in spite of tho curse Colo ridge associates with its killing. - The lord 3 and Indies of tho King of Dr.homoy'a court don't wear stockings; therefore it would beueeleesfor Queen Victoria to confer tho garter upon any of thera. They would bo ap? to use it for a dog collar if she did.—Norr. Herald. Statelv old dame (housekeeper), during ab sence ot tho family, showing tho bed Queen Elizabeth slept in. Visisou : Is it bana JJtlc ! Damk Ibridlinq) : No, sir; Hingli?h hoak, SnAKEsrE.utE romarka that" tho good men do is oft interred with their bones." That may havo been the ru!o in Shake3pcaro's time, but the rule nowadays is to print it in tho news, papers nnd carve it in big letters on the grave stone. —Pitch, Mistiiess (to applicant)— Yes, I want a nica French maid. The last ono I had I only kept a short time, because Bhn couldn't understand : English. French Maid—Yo'llhave no thrubblo of that kind wid me, mum. Oi not only under ethand English, but I spalio it, too.— Most women value n clear complexion, if : attainable. Helen of Troy is eaid to havo bathed daily in wino and milk to preserve tbo purity o£ her silky ekia. Cleopatra uscil various medicated ointments trad fragrant cosmetics to enhance her oharms. Ttio be witching Catherine cf Ituesia habitually washed in strawberry juice; while strango'; and grim tales are told about the preparation - of the mysterious baths Ninon L'Eccloa is . supposed to hav9 indulged in, Onr fair Bex ore less luxurious in tlieaa days, and we find that ladies who value a transparent white skin, a dolicato complexion, in which tho tint of tho roso is eoltly blended with tbo : snowy huo of the lily, are now being advised by an eminent authority on the art of keep. ing baautiful forever, to frequently apply tiso - end of a raw potato to the faea find neck by gcntlo rubbing. Alter rubbing, the face and neclc should be washed, and gentle friction iii- ' to follow. Ladies are strongly '"urged-??/to-'.-V always keep a raw potato on the waahetniid. ' ? Oae great advantage tho potato seems to possess over many other skin baautifiera eeems to ba its exceeding cheapness, as one potato.; can bo used over and over and over again, einco it is only nccossary to remove a little 9 f the outer surface and to pare off a thin slico before applying tho freshly out EUifacc.; A coon story is told of a prominent member of tocicty who has a habit of tying a knot in v her pcckot handkerchief when she wished to ' tlx nnythiui: iu her mind whioli must he at-. V tended to. She was engaged in avlespcruto"- flirtation on a certain occasion, and in her abstraction dropped her handkerchief on' the floor. This was noticed by her hostess, who endeavoured to break up the flirtation by inviting her guest into another part of thq'-/' houee Ah the latter roso from htr chair pho stooped and picked up her handkerchief, noticing, she did so, tho knot tied in ono oorner. " What havo I forgotten to-day ? " she naked audibly.' " That you imvo a tins band," replied tho heaters. The story was ? repeated, aud the lady, who is a well-known . member of tho diplomatic circle, always keeps y jbor hnndksichicf Ireo f?om knots now. " ?; 