LUCUS A HON LUCEND0. LOYAL ? Nay, Ulster, yon for very Bhame Should cede your long monopoly of that name. Loyal to whom—to what ? To power, to pelf, To place, to privilege—in a word, to self. They who assume, absorb, control, enjoy all, Must find it vastly pleasant to be " loyal." —London Punch. TBTJB DISTINCTION.—Mamma (improving tbe oooaeion): "1 like your new suit immensely, Gerald 1 But you must reoolleot that it's not tbe coat that makes the gentleman'." Gerald: "No, mamma! I know it's the hat ! "—London Punch. AFEBOAOBIKO DISSOLUTION.—(Oa the Baby Farm)—Mrs. Benjamin to Mrs. Harrington: "' Why not put 'em out 0* their misery ?' ' No, Mrs. ' Artington, mem! What I says is, let the poor binnooents live as loiig as they oan! They'll be took soon enough, bless 'em, wbiob it's well beknown, mem,' toboth you and me!!' '•'—London Punch. NEVADA ioe-dealers doubled their prices at the beginning of last summer upon the ground tbatthe crop would be almost entirely eaten up by the grasshoppers. AN eooentrio turfman has named bis favourite horse " Pot-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-os." When he's in a hurry he writes Pot8og. " MAN is a mystery," said a young lady to her beau. " Yes, dear," stud he, " and a girl is a misery." . AEPBOPBIATB.—A cabman had his license suspended at the Hammersmith Polioe-court the other day. When safely outside he struck an attitude, and said: ".This completes the title—it was only Hammersmith Bridge before, now we can add ' Suspension.' " He' then repented, and beoame an altered man. ACADEMY PBNCILLING9.—Affable Stranger: "There, «ir, my work 'ung oil the. line again! Sir Francis can appreciate a good thing, sir." Astonished granger : ",Eb F : What ? I thought MiUais painted this " Affable Stranger (contemptuously):'" Pooh! he may 'are fainted ; it, but I made'-the frame. —London Punch. AN EXTINGUISHES.—Forward and loquacious youth: - '< By Jove, you know, upon my word, now—if I were to. see a ghost, you know, I would be a' chattering idiot fpr. the test of my life !" Ingenuous maiden (dreaihily): "Have you seen a ghost?"— London Punch. •• A'siv Jewish synagogue, constructed at a cost of £5000, hasbeenopeped in Brisbane. TAHENMS PATS.—TOU ought to have iyour hens ao . taine that you, can pick them | up as you would a cat. "Bripg them into Isuch 'a 'state, and they 'will lay more eggs iatod' put on more fleshto pay tor it; Think jof' ebasing rooiter halfjvmile, or running ihim down with, a dog l.We.h&ve; seen, in- 'tejligent men do these very things. Avoid : it-by gentleneds'and comtnon sense.—Sural | Neti'&orier;: " •• ' United Ireland, writing on the general |electi6'n'/eayi :—Five seats Will be vacant— c'- I Gal way town, South Sown, Oiiory, and I South Sligo. Their colleagues; and-eonletituente will learn with re^ret that Messrs. jSmaU and O'Mara feel constrained' by'business-engagements, ^nd Dr.' j ^O'Doherty • by ifauakdownOf his.'healthinthe fetid «tmos< jpfegpeijitf Westminster, t<> trpaounoe Parlia jm^ntary life lor the jnompnt. ; ' ] , Them is nothing known fetter calculated to 'invigorate the constitution' than' WOLra's 'Seanm. ••» '•'.' "H'' 