THE MVSTJiRY OF QllEEMSs' WHARF. '. Bl fl. WiliSTAB.. Sows of the older leBidentsin-MeJbonine may be ableron refleotion, to ieeall to mmd the incidents related m the,following story.-. If they cannot, the fault is not -mine, and they: should, at any rate, give me credit for as much veraoity as that accorded bytheFrench readers of romance, founded on lacty io the now popular -Gabonean. If the events .did not really .oeour ,as. I. describe, they ought to have done BO, and. depend upon .it that, unless ourpolioesyBtem is matenallyattered,,theywilldo-8o sooner than will :be agreeable to.theindividuals con-: earned and to society generally. " Well, sir, it's about the oddest thingi-IVo : seen in my life, and I am blessed if I can _mBke1bead or tail of it' Thus, to: sub-inspector onisduty, 'fori tfhe - night, Bpeaks Constable 233 : of >±he : City Division, and what the said Constable .ieannot make head or. tail- ol, -wascertamly-not pleasant to gaze upon It was a dark gnety night in July, the heavily laden clouds drooped like a pall over the city, and the ram drops fellwith.a persistent drearinebS upon the body-of a woman lving on the sodden planks of the Queen's Wharf m front of a group, con8iBting;of.the sub-inspector, tbB constable, andmyself,who, in a sudden fitofcthat deBire for anything, in the shape-of vanetythat seizes the Bohemian mind of journalifm, had: taken a fancy to aeoompaDymy-old iriend the Bub-inspector on bis rounds "Hold .your hull'sepe a little. lower, Bonaldson," said the sub inspeotor. . /The man did so, and we all bent .over the dead woman. . . Death is never a pleasant sight at the best 'of times- The faces of those who lave died . pesOefuUy. in their beds, and are laid by tender lovinghands on a flowet-r trewn bi&r; " covered pith fair linen and shrouded- with laoe" may Wear one aspeot;.* .The laces-of those lying dead under the night sky, with the ram olouds inlieu of a tapestry-covering, wear'another. This was decidlyanother. : - - - So far as we could see,'ihe body, which-the constable had discoveredon the wharf a few Becofids before the Sub-Inspeotor and leame : up, was-that of a woman, under, thirty years of age. Her hatrof velvet, bound,with some,sort \- of fur, lay close besideher, and her lair hair, though wetted with-rain, was wound neatly round her head in thefashion prevalentsome fifteenyears ago, while Tound her neck WBB : a tippet also of -fur, which the constable, previous to. our arrival, had/removed so far. as to sho.w a gaping 1 wound in-the. throat," lound which the blood was thickly clotted. The features/ though flecked in spots with , blood, were refined and delicate The hands, and feet'Were smaUj ,weU ;gloved and ibPDtea,: and the whole attire, eo far as we could see, was that of a woman above; the loweri order; " Oan'.t make it out at all, Sir,?' repeated the constable. - She aon'i i loDk^likes a-town one,-- and what any one else could be doing on the wharf at this'time o flight puzzles me." " The poor thing is evidently a lady said the officer looking at his-watch, .and as you' say; Bgnaldsonjittsaiqueer- jthingahe should' be here "at Shis time ormghW-just one o'clockis not va-time for'-wharf promenading, jrad; there hasn't lieeu a steamer in. this-evening. The nonstable "professionally -swung his; light to and fro ioi m moment, cast t. rapid:; glanoe up'and flown the wharf where half-aday steamers .lay moored' and replied in-the negative. ' "Wfi «8li do nothing more here, oon- : tinned jlie officer. *' Go up to the barracks, -EtinSiaspn^nd bring down lour "men anda stretcher io take jier 'morgue. Mr.- "Wainiight .ana I, willstop here. Leave jour bulls' i^HSnding eye, and be quid." : ovethis33ulls > eye Constable *533; stalked away with unruffled aspect and a step; only » little out of the measure, evidently! ; consoling iimself with the Sdea .-that;, even; walking in the pelting rain was better than standing still by the side of A murdered woman. " No case of suicide, evidently," said the sub-inspector bending again over the body and taking'ihe small gloved hand in his. "No woman would have inflicted such a wound on herself—besides look here!" I looked as he requested while beheld-the > light and then noticed-what •X-hadpotbefore,, the peculiar cbaracter of the wound, jit Jiad been inflicted evidently with a razor or- verysharp knife and some marira on-the forehead , though liaif washed out by thp rain shoBed that'the head must hnve been bent forcibly backwards so as to jgira the murderer a full cut at the 1air -white throat, «U the whiter lor ihe crmison and liladk set ting of blood-andlur m which t wasieaTfully: framed Bnt the chief .horror lay m ihe ap ; pearance of 'the wound itself ®he jolearlj; incised edges had been dragged a^ari by shear; force pieces otiarandle thertuJf wiaied in; blood adheres to the^lun and on the-chin . clearly and distinctly visible, .were the maxkfe of a bite. For the . rest the dress was in no way disturbed; and a glance at the boots wet and almost sodden though they, were with rain j showed no signs of a walk through the streets. A farther examination, moreover, showed us the fragment of a watch chain tastened to her waistband, but no watch; but through her gloves we could feel that two or three rings on. her fingers had not been disturbed. "Bobbery and murder,":said, the officer shortly, as he regained his.upright posture. " She's been 1 dead evidently about an hour. Must have struggled at first, and that's how -all.this lur and BtuS .got into the wound, and. : puzzled Bonaldson. . Not much mystery after aU, old fellow, when you come to look at it. I expect she missed a train or something, got a cab, .and unfortunately for her the wrong one. Cabby's m it. you may depend upon it;:'EHowever;:liere- oomes'the-ineniWith .the stretcher.- We-mustBet'lier to themorgne/? and.you'll have to attend the ingueet. ~Sarry for the itro able, but Jt can't be helped. -1 aisiatedin theunpleasant taakiofplaring • -the dead-girl on a stretcher and accompanied the melancholy prooeasion to the morgue, after which X shooi-hands with tlie officer and managedto get ^ cab to sdriveahomB; ;>«»!.•.; 'Xamnota timiimanby^nyiaeanSjana as-an old soldier I had seen blood-shed in plenty. •But I hadn't all my old- friend's coolneas, * and the whole affair had made a most painful impression upon me. > : ' . • The appaarance of t e wonnd. m reover, \- had puzzled me .as' mi :h as the-fl .dmg of the body in such a plact as the w .arf, had; puzzled the constable.- :-. . -.,. • The fact that a woman o the! iwer class, a vagrant, or even a work'" ,T <ian) : should , have been found-on the whail would not, in such a city of Melbourne.have astonished any one; "But that. a well-dressed -woman dently belonging to the- upper rclass.of -soqietyahould *have- -found'any occasion to ,vieit . the locality after midnight was more- than surprising; unless indeed—and tho tho Light flashed over me so suddenly that I almost jumped out of the oab. Unless she had been killed elsewhere > and then brought there. I arrived home full of vague doubts and. ideas; spent- a wretched feverish .night, and on reaching- my office in the morning ieceived a Bummons -to attend the inquest in the afternoon. The mystery, however; was to. some-extent already solved.:. : The newspapers had a full account of the finding of the body,- .«nd the pohce had not only succeeded in identifying the victims/but in finding the cabmanand the »ateh. For the victim, die was Ming Helen D , the daughter of - a wealthy squatter in a neighbouring colony; on a visit at the -time of. her death m the -famiiy-of Mr. S'—r^ -an equally well-known resident in St. JSlda; aged -twenty-two, -and- an admitted, belle-in fashionable circles. . Indeed, had it not been for ihe disordered neck-tippet and the Wood stains, both the sub inspector and I "would -have recognised her before. For the cabman, hie name- was Bobert : Collins, his character was indifferent and his .habits drunken. For the watoh, sworn to by Mr. i 1 and two of "his maid servants, it had been -found " planted " in the cabman's stables. To use v the words of the sub inspector. "Cabby was-evidently in it." "Eat tens not She'only one, Mr. Wain- ^^i3ate«t^jbioe4D<iaeHaiiaiae)ibBs3>ioaqgiie.' ;']ust before itheimquest.eommenoed,; ?.':there ! s.: a mate in this as Well I know Collins He's a had lot, no doubt, but I don't fancy h»'« tip to this. There's an "habitual=criminal of the -violent lot been mixed up on ibis game, spd Collins' shares in the swag has Jbeen the watch. Bui what the -lady wanted in a Cab -that time of night puzzles me, and so mistake."' "And the wound?" Isaid. " Oh, there's nothing in that, sir," replied the -detective, 41 some of the fur from the tippet had .got into it while the-poor thing was struggling, and as i-for the 4ntenaada«on> the ohin, if they are bite marks, 4he rats might'havegot at iier before vBonaldson.camei up. Then are enough there to iaves«aten her before morning if she hadn't beenlound." By this time the jury had viewed the body, and I was called in as -a witness to find the members of that tribune looking excessively ^pale and uncomfortable, but gradually reoovermg themselves,as the .enquiry,proceeded; and the mystery was gradually unfolded, so iar astheauthorities couldBolve it. Eirst as'^o the finding ol theiody Tes Constable Bonaldson Sound it o in this (canon Had not received nformation- Had found it a fen seconds before the sub inspeotor came ,4ip with Mi Warn tight Had afterwards boarded tmdertiidew the steamer lying at the vharJ, and lound all on board turned m xcfept the harbofwatoh ®aid ha <• —»toh Jiad heard nothing at Jeasti*" op fiut inspector Gaulfield iad jseen 4hp body -fee found by flie constable, and aiadpBdeFa partial examination in company jptb Mr Wamright The throat had evidently lpeen, eatwitharaEororBharpknile.lTorazor or kmfehadbeeniound any where-near the body.; or on the premises of the oabman now in cuBtodybBlorethe, coroner. Bntjuiries as to what oabmoa were out that night had led to a auepioion against Collins. Had aseiated in the search of Collins' premises, and been .present atjthe .findmg of :;the watch. - There , .was, no vcham, attached to it when found. Had .never ^seen.it before, but had been informed since the murder tbat it was rccog- -nised as:the property of tbe deceased.- Enewi 'the deceased by .sight, i Had : seBn ier frer ," quently. at the. theatre; and onoa at Govemment:House.. Did not:reoognise.her at first. ; •Knew Oollms by. reputovas a .jnan of bad character. . Had -reported Wm once to the Hackney Garriagev, Committee when theman had been warned -that foe . the next offence he would lose his licence. Knew •nothing poBitiv.e«gainst- him sxoept.general rowdinesB. GompUmented;by the coroner on •the rapidity-with which . the police-had obtained a clue. Mr. Sub-inspector looking; as if he was not aoouBtomed.to -it, bowed and retired Mr. Wamright, the reader's very humble -servant, acquiesced in the coroner's aflable remark tbat he .was a journalist, jind thatit was not an extraordinary thing for inmtobe intown late at night Had been present with the vSub-Inspector when thebodyiWaBlonnd-.^-Had'? been with that officer for nearly an hour pre viously. Hid assisted at fhe partial examination of the deceased's body as it lay. Did - not recognise it at the time. Was not habi-, tually a nervous man, but was much shocked and nnstrung.on this occasion. - Bememberedthe decea ed perfectly now. Sad seen her several times in society, bat knew nothing of, herrpnvate .aftauB,,uertamly no. leaBon; why she should havebaen/at suoh»-.place7,aB the Queen's Wharf .afterdark. :Had bsen j mnch. struck by the appearance' of ihe.wound. in the .- deceased's throat, and thought that-—- '.-Politely., snubbed by the coroner with: a re- \- mark that medical testimony was; forthcom-; ing, and that thoughts were not endenoe/Mr.: Wamright bowedand retired to ihe baok of the: room,-bnt on an unusually enterprismg juror; expresBmga^desire^o know-what;he thought,-. waB^graciously permitted to say that his attentioh had been especially attracted to the strange appearance of the wound:, in the -deceased's throatjon account oftheiur.adhering; -to the edges,- and tbe biie on the chin. >It had been suggested to him that it might have been a rat bite, but he did not think so. The wound . appeared tohlm to be.an incised one, increased by after-tearing with human fingers. Comphmentedhalf-Bneeringly bytheooro- ner on-his acute perceptions, 'Mr. Wainrighl bows again, and to the best nf his recollection;: retires over the-road for a sustauier, returning ; m time to find that the cabman; Golhng; hav-. ing declined tofollow.hissolicitor'sadviceand.; reserve his defence, is making a-statement. \- / This^rocesdmg, however;' was- altogether, •too- much- for: > the coroner:. • (The unusually: enterprising ] uror was snubbed for again making asuggestion ; Gabby.was told to wait ; till his turn came, and Mr. Jfoulconer, of Harrowgta, St Hilda, was called forward. I knew the man by sight well, and waa on what may-be called slight speaking terms with , him.- I had, moreover, been at one ror two of • Mrs Faulooner's evening socials, for she was - as well known in fashionable circles as her: huBband-»asini0WJ0,flnd'atc'lubsand- _ra0eoourseB. -Tall, straight and soldierly, with a. quiet, well bred air prevading his whole' appearance and manner, he had been, though „ nearly iorty years of age, for sometime, one of the most popular men in society* select -and general. As a young man, he had seen -servlce^^vmithe .tEaat,-hutguBtbefore;hiBimaps nagn he ,«oWi-out, iand:;:baving':4nvested-3iis, Capital in squatting, "had/been bo^ lucky jn; -Bve^tbin^heitonchedjftatatthB.iimeofthiBl tale he was a rich manT" He - belonged "io'an sWorthamptonifamilyrandia- slight 'hail-; tenran •;manner^kwaBf^erhaps,v|he;«hIyidia. ^ agreeable ihiog about him, while his 'mie, a wealthy orphan when he married her, was unusually pretty and fascinating. > The last occasion on which I had seen him he: was-'descending .-the .=stairs., of . the- Opera House with . his wife <and ihe;poor girl who; had since been murdered,-\snd, as I thought of it,g was not surprised to notice that his] face was -pale,, even .through the soldierly -bronze of hia.vcomplexion, and that hiB hps were tightly.set under his moustache/. '••.:. Yes, he knew Miss Darley -well. She was a sohoolfellow of.'his, wife; and.they. were very intimate: Her mother- was dead, and her father was in: England. He had seen the , body, .and ,^recognised l it;:-: Iiast saw Misg ; Darley at breakfast an Jhe-niorning before her; body wae iound. . Had dined at hia-club that. -night, and afterwardBigone to;theoperaiwith.: an old- brotherrofficer. - fisturned to tho club and played whist, and, as it was then late;, stopped theie. Was communicated with by ' the sub-inspector .the. next morning.': That: -officer, had gone firat to ,St:,Kilda, but finding him.out, had returned to towu, not wishing to-alarm: Mrs; Paulconer. He. was muoh -obliged to him for.it.- .Had been 'told by his, wife -—^Objection,immediately,and rather; bumptiously raised by the.'Cabman'ssolicitor' and allowed-by the Coroner, Mr.. 3?aulconer quietly added that -he knew notlung mora personally, "bowed to the Coroner, andsteppad: back. " Have you any idea," asked the unusually enterpnsing juror—" whether the ,young lady had:!anything on'< her mind, any trouble? Joung ladies have sometimes, you know." And here'tbeiquestioner.who^vidently meant; well, looked-confused, -while the eye of the Coroner positively glared at him. _ : " I must request, sur, that you will not in-, terrapt the business of this court There is medical Evidence to call, and such a question can then " Haeg your pardon," said Mr. Tanlconer,, i^ooUyutitauufimB ^wig^siiiflldaleSiI'PWlr-i ^ler answering this gentlemap'a evidently kindly meant question myself No, sir, I know -of • nothing that could trouble a young gentlewoman in Miss Barley's position. She has been a frequent visitor in our house, and has-, been on sisterly terms -with jny wife. ®ad she P^fea^/'4noke®i«®ebeen in any trouble ^e^jflda^v^ap- J 5oronS, "ihW 5s moflt jrregularf ' flow do you know sir, what < the^ceaBed'Svould have done. I think it presumption on your part." "1 never j presume " said "Mr. Faulconer, fltill with unruffled composure, and with hisj brjghtgrey ®yes steadily fixed on the Coroner's ; 4 •faee, 1 However, my wife is here, and can lie asked." i " It is," he continued,-courteously bowing to the Coroner, whom he evidently regarded _as, a bear in want ot patting, my earnest desire to assist^uBtice jn -thiB jpamful matter, and; though:mywJeiS!;terriblyshocked,I.:hav brought her into town, and can produce her when called lor." i- Smoothing his ruffled feathers the Coroner - expressed his desire to hear the «videnoe at tmoe, and after speaking a word or-two to, a Iriendjnear him, Mr. Paulooner left the room and in a lew minutes returned with hiB wife on hie arm. Though not * fragile woman, she looked small and'childish by the side of her stalwart husband, and I notioed that she-olung almost, convulsively,,to his .arm.. „That ,her.flark,.8yes; should be full of startled fear, -that 'her; cheeks should be blanched white and that her little whiteJiand when ungloved, should; Scarcelyt?be>ble toxoid the Bible, were not -matters ioT>e jrarpnsedat It a whisperedfliha 'good natared sub inSpeotor to me that Mr T ulooneravas ot-«t home last aight We,eonldliaye dope- •jrafeout tljis jipor thing s ev denoejhen 3 t Certainly the; could AU poor httle Mrs JTaulconetfcouia aay-wasihat they^parteaJor,; ihemght itaboflt ileven o dock, jwdshehad ieard MiBs3)ar]ejlook her door ^Slwfaaa not iSeen her since.- -Knew of no trouble that ' coulo have happened to her.: Was sure poor • Helen would have told her., No letters to her knowledge had arrived -for Miss Darley , for . -the last two or three days. She might have baen able to have left the house after eleven, but some ol the servants were still np, and , would have heard her.She. deceased was of • a happy and cheerful disposition.".•• Here the puor httle lady broke down cnmpletejj:, and as she: :knew/ nothing (more, was allowed to leave; to tha anmiatatabls relief of her husband and his Jrienu. Men ol their " school" have s horror of scenes and sympathy that amounts almost to affectation on some occasions, but as these two, bo different m manner and appearance from the^eneral Vordinary'' look of the sar- :r0undiDgB,-left-&hef0Dm;,:and I saw them : after carefully placing Mrs Faulconer in her carriage; return with the same -undisturbed composure and unmoved faces, I could understand what a restraint the defined looking haughty husband taust :have' kept over - him. t himself during the painful ordeal.of his wife's painfal-evidence; • Bhe- oould at least show her sorrow; he could not.: . Cautain-Reynolds • Queens Bays, ,on a vtsit to Victoria, an old brother officer of Mr Taulconer, corroborated his statsment as to his whereabouts on the night of the murder Had Inown Miss Darley for a month. Had seen the body in -^ihateorgHe;«ndija8ntofic^t.ii:B£cea8edAad,. been greatly admired m society, and—here the dragoon spoke with something like emphasis, universallv respected Had certainly never heard any scandal about her. As s friend ol the Faulconers would have soon stopped it if heJi&d; The housekeeper at Harrowgate stated that on ^he evening of the tragedy there -was a party jn- iihe..servant's hall; and -it was past midnight before-they separated. .Jilrs; OFaul- - eoner had said they need not break up sooner. Her mistress and Miss ® arley jwers. sitting in : the, drawing-room till nearly elevens /Miss ,Darley's:two rooms were in the same.comdor. as-Mrs. Faulconer'B;-Mri Faulconer'sdressmgroomand study were^on. the opposite .side ofthe. corridor. - Saw nothing of her .mistress or Miss Darley after eleven o'clock. \- Miss Parley's maid said much the same,. adding that she had knoeked at the young lady's door' about eleven .and been, told she wanted -nothing. ,: The house was , perfectly . quiet -shortly aftBr midnight;. Mr. Beecher, Mr. 3?aulconer'a own man.-generally sat :up for him. . Couldn't remember whether he had done so that night or not. < Thomas Beecher,- hBd been Mr; fanlooner's larvfilitin the Army and ever sinoe.he left it, 3Big orders were to sit up till ten unless under special instructions. Occasionally,-especially in- bad Wieather, his master slept at the club. \- 'His {witnesB's)ioom was:m a aide pasBage ofl the -hall door. Sot being well, did not go into the servant's hall on the night of the party, but sat reading in his room. Passed his mistress and Jiiss Darley on the staircase at about a quarter to eleven My mistress said' that she knew the master waa going to. dine-with Captain :Beynolds that night, and might not oome--home;, -There was=a patent latch for the hall door. His master had a ley "Are vou sureAe hasn't tvro?" asked r'the -cabman's -solicitor, suuaeniy looiung nt' from & whispering conversation with hie «hent. : - -Beeehar waan 4 t sure, but,he didn't think so; \- for the 'houBekeeperfl'.was-:nervoua, and.-had • asked his, master-to have only, one pass :key-i for himself. . " I can answer -the gentleman," .said Mr., Faulconer, quietly, j "I had -a duplieate a month or,so back;,but:lost:it;.and;:at the re-: quest ot the housekeeper, 1 did not get -another. I may add.-eii, that if the patent ; catch is.on, and: the housekeeper puts it on herself, no one without, my key could leave or enter the house unheard." The jury looked irom one to the other, as if completely bewildered; and the . mystery: as. to how a young ladyoould be left m her room at St. J&lda; at eleven:a,m., and found murdered on the Queen's: Wharf .seemed -greater than ever. ThehonBekeeper,re-called,-was poeitiveshe put on the patent catch a httle alter 12 30, ^when theservant's par^y broke,up. . Whether JVbss Darley knew how to work the catch or not she wouldn't say, but it was not likely. The puor young lady tad certainly never left the hoase alone afterdark before. The case was evidently «s deep a mystery to this highly respectable housekeeper as it • was s to anyone else, for the rest, the subto<me<that toane(that .".cabby "cabby, inspeotor againwhiapered was in it." On theiacB of my acquaintance; the sm artrdeteotive «till sat-the belief that "a naTsof ^be habitual crimmal class is at the '^bottom -ot it," -and the cabman was still 'whispering to bis solicitor. , 2 The medicalovidence>by two ^practitioners - -Waaofthen8nal%rd8r;hnta0'the,unasually:; aintelligentinaistednponremindingtheCoroneri; ofomy .remark-about the:appearance of the wound, the doctors ^era Specially asked i *bout it. It hi « strange looking wound they Admitted. Violence of -some^sorthad ^apparen^been <ns£d £ven after^ inflicted. There were quarks of -bites and scratches ^on -the -ohm wd cheeks, but both vesical men .agreed that they miglit have been sansed by rats. On another pout they were sIbo agreed. No outrage had been com mitted on the murdered girl—suicide was out ol the question—and there was nothing, they jibcth'SmphatlcalLy stated,sin?<the:iappearance of the body, to justify -the belief delicately hinted at by one of the jurors that any "trouble" as it is called, had ooourred to ; her. Even the impassive Mr iWconer And his friend showed evident signs of relief from vaten'sion;?whenithls:Btatement.)was made,.-.That ?•; element of misery -and shame was -at jany rate wanting in-the scandal that had come apon the^honBeholde,, "That iflull the evidence I iave to offer," said the pub inspector on behalf of the ponce 'This watch—producing it was found in i Collins stable and if necessary, I can prove 1 that he returned home about l a'm on the •night ot the murder " At this juncture the .cabman Again whispered to his lawyer and that ^gentleman ; ^ho'ugh«bviouB^mgain^tihiB>ualination.!isaid'-;: to theCoroner M njwnt, sir want s 40 ; Snake a Blatrment 1 >e told him there ib no need or at that he- only videnee ,10 connect ; him with the cai-e 1a the lindug of a watch not -ret-sworn to, whatever my good friend Jb CaulfieldTnay have heard 'about it ( that it ,is- not. for bim. to. show how this nntortunate young lady managed to get out. of Mr Faulconer's house at such - an unusual hour. He insists upon makmg a,statement, however,-and if you, ejr, elect to hear it there is an end of the matter.-: What he has .partly :told^me only,confirms mem- the belief, that he as no.more guilty in this case than I am." As the lawyer concluded this rather strange: assertion, ..for a .prolesional man. Coroner; jury, .police,. and..witnesBBB,:.,looked equallypuzzled fcut whst-was-really curiosity gamed the day,, and the cabman was allowed to He admitted at once that his habits were . irregular, his character indifferent, and that, the information that he : was suspected of ttt 1 tiling a watch,.had not..:surprised hiui. ".'But;'Bir,".-he went on—and theman'B-disBi- - pated, reckless, -bat not. uncomely features, wore an.expression of earnestness as ^he said, it—" God knows I'm no murderer." , : " That watoli-wSB found by me in my cab last night, left, I suppose, by a lady I picked up on the St. Kilda road. You may'nt believe me; sir, but wait ,a minute. Any one on the :St. Kilda station rank last night will tell you, that.I pulled up.there abont- half-past-releven,- Jor they wanted to know what business Ihad: 'duck-shoving, .perhaps it was some of them as.pnt the sub-inspector on to me. Anyhow, they guyed at me and I drove off. Just before: . I got to the junction I was hailed by a woman , .dressed: in black;.who:Was?walkiD^very^a8t.7, She said she had loet thelast train; and coald: I drive her to - any where near the Hobson's Bay,Eailway Station; I: could" see-she was nervous, as I said " yee," for a sovereign. She said it WBB - all right, and opening, her purse, gave me one. . She then got into the :oab, aud i drove her into,town. It was nearly ;twelve.when we got to the station, and without saying another- word, she.-.,jumped-, r out: • quickly, and almost ran towards Elizabethstreet. After getting such a haul I had a drink or two, , and- on looking--into.-my cab .found the watch lying on the rug at the bot- :-tom. - .lou may: smile, Mr. Gaulfield, buk I , expect .the lady.'s chain aaught m it aa :die< jumped out. .Now, bit, I have seen that poor : dead woman-this morning. - .-I--can't ewear to her-ofnonrBe, though the dress is like that of the one I drove. All I can say is that-the -lady, when she did speak, spoke with a gueer Hitalian accent like an opera singer; .and if that there watch is her watch she's the woman I drove. But as God's my judge, I never harmed her, though ! meant to stick to the watch." That'was aU Collins said, but it was enough to startle everyone. For myself, I looked at Mr. JTaulconer, and for .the first fame that morning he took- out his handier? chief and drew: it slightly across . his lips, while he fixed his-eyes steadily on the cab- \- man's: &ce.; Then he said something in-a low,tone -to Captain Beynolds, • m reply to which.that gentleman nodded, and also fixed his eyes.in.the same direction ,and muttered in a tone loud^enough.for those near him to to hear that he "believed the beggar was speaking the truth." Bnt the lawyer saw the point to be gamed, and asked the sub inspector to hand the watch produced to Mr. Faulconer. He did so, and just^or one second, as the : latter took <t a sort :of shuddermg paleness . crept-over-his face, that was au. " Do you recognise that wateh Mr. Faulconer ? " asked the lawyer -"Ie is very like one of Miao Darley's,'- was the answer. . "The other one she has,- totally different, was: found in her travelling jewel oase this morning." If you will allow me one moment i will examine at more :cloBely.-' • - He pressed the eatch as he spoke—it was a v ladyabijouhuntingwatoh-^and looked closely . at the inside,. It might have been my fanoy, .but the other hand that hung by hiB side seemed:strangely clenched; Then came; the. answer, steady-and decided and heard distinctly through the whole room. " That is not Miss Darley's wateh." < There was a dead silence, and . the solicitor asked again. "Are you sure? " I am positively certain." "And why?" Just again the Bame shuddering paleness' and then again the clear answer. "Miss Darley's watch, the one missing, cwas given to her by me on the last birthday; Her initials H.D .were engraved inBide. Inside this one there are none. lt is-not Miss Darley's wateh." , " Did MieeJJarley F,pcak with an Italian accent'" "Certainly not. f3he was only on the Continent for a few months all her hie?' "Haveyou ever,seen the watoh you hold in your hand before " " No," was the .steady answer!" "And, excuse, me Mr 3?aulcoiier,have you any grounds for thinking that there were reasons for Mies Darlej leaving your house alone-at such srr houis as .eleven -so'clock -at" mght?" " I can only say," and as the answer was made, I could understand why some people acoused-Mr Paulconer of hauteur "I can only say that the young lady was under my roof and proteohon and most gentlemen know-what that means ' -"Ihave nothing more to say except to ask for the discharge of my client," said thelawyer coolly, you may charge him with the theft of a watchli^ou like, or illegal detention or breach of regulations l3ut Mr JTanlconer sweaxs that-llie -watcb iouud m bi:- Htfibic ih not Mibb Darley's and I contend that the case against him in that direction falls to the ground. The contention was held good, Collins was discharged-and left the courtmmus the watch and plus the certainty that he would get no :SnoreSioenSe;andibe:underpohce vsurveiUance, jmtothebargain.A.-Terdict.waH^eturnedof : :wilf ulimurderiagainst some personorperBons - unknown. Permision Was given for the • intermentsof ithepoor girl'-s bodysand^the affair; was over ¥r«But as ;the-sub=inspeotor. the detective-andc r-vI^wcrefstandm^onrfihe1pavement>We?4ieardia! voice say -calmly ' Thank you Jaolj Idtdleel queer The speaker "syas Mr faulconer andlie had ]UBt finished a drink jt uf a ra\< J u i > k that Captain Reynolds had handed him jHifl-phaetoit was drawr uj di c to the pa\ementbut before ne put hi-> fort on the fa^lus-eyessanght'-minerand^toppmg^bort 1 . hB said-quietly " A pamful oase, Mr:Wamnght,thoughasa ! journalist you must have oomeacross many." I muttered a few -words of sympathy for his wife "Yes," he said,'!hard on her, poor little woman, an old schoolfellow too." " I suppose the owner of that watoh oolild. tall something" I said " Perhaps, and, Mr Wamright, it I could, -find and punish those who murdered that poor girl I shonld never rest easy till-Z did^so. Good bye, ' jump m - Jack" and with " these words Mr tanlconer got into: his phaeton and drove away. , The-case was a wonder for months.: Poor little Mrs 3?aulconer waB very-ill and had to go to England-tor a change but nothing else: : wag .discovered and all that was leftto remind the world ol Helen Darley was her .tombstone at the St. Kilda ,-cemetry though I. and,.my, friends often asked each other who had killed, her and why CHAPTER II. . THE BIDIILE SOLVEE-, ; '' Who is that man ?" asked my friend the :doctor of one of the P. and O. boats, about three years afterwards; as we sat in.the dress, circle of the Theatre .Eoyal." The one; I : mean; who has .juat scome into the club box. Tall, distinguished looking man " " Tbat," I replied, putting my binoculars up " Toafc—" and I hesitated for a moment —that is Mr. Faulconer.-'-' '" Now, :my:hesi-r tation -was caused by ao donbt of identity,-, that was unmistakable, but • simply :by the; •fact that, although I hadvheard of -Faul-- eoner ? s return from: ;England; where he had, •lefthis wife, "I had -never-Been. .-him. - He : was said to nave gone np-conntry: to.one.ot .-the.: stations- he still held; and -I: had certainly, never seen him in town. . There he was; however, as qmet Iooking as ever; accompanied by Captain Beynolds, both as calm and unconcerned, apparently; as if there had been no shadow of a tragedy: on either-of their laves." " J?aulconer," Baid the doctor, VI remember the name, and. am still more sure I remember the man " " Well, you ought to; Mrs. Paulconer-was . not easily to. be. forgotten,, and, they went homefWith you some three-years ago;" By Jove. I remember :aowi -There had been some sensational tragedy here.-and the poor httle .woman .was very ill.- But they : didn't go home with ns, my boy. "What?" I replied, so suddenly, that my biend started. " No; they did not," my exeitabto friend, emphatically and-, decidedly ; not. . Mrs. ITaulconer wasvery ill ;, hysterical : and aUthat.' Couldn't bear her- hneband- out of her eight: for a-moment. No man would be more attentive, either. He. never left their cabin until we got to Adelaide,: and then he. took-her-ashore for\ an hour or two's rest; taking his-servant, a Eedate old soldier, with him. They went, but they never came back. Missed the steamer. -Nothing .extraordinary. It has-happened .before now. Hush!: the curtain " ' That my feelings , were those of intense bewilderment during the rest of the performance can easily be understood. We saw- the performance, of course, and • equally of course we went out in the interval and- smoked, die.: For a reason, moreover,: that I could not explain, I asked my friend ,no: more 1 questions iduring the'evening* but still the same refrain rang in my ears all the evening—" why did they land at Adelaide, andwhere had they gone to 1' The words; seemed mixed np with our oyster supper at the club, and acoompanied me to my owr: lodgings, where, when left alone, I began to thmk -over the whole wretched .business again. ^ " :.- I remembered that,no discovery-had been made I fememoered that I had on several occasions mildly., chaffed my iriend, the detective on his," habitual criminal^ theory. I remembered again that , Mr. Faulconer had returned alone, and that his wife was said to have: been left in Germany, aud i remembered alBO havmg been to'd by my-old friend, the.Bub- inBpector, that on being told that the cabman .Collins, had-lost hid license over the. watch: sfEair,:Mr.'.:.l ? aulconer,:who considered the man's offence a comparatively slight one,; .had,procured him a situation up.country. Said sub-inspector had not thought -much of this, as if cabby'Miad not bean arrested so soon, he might have repented, of his evil intention and brought the watch to the Town Hall. : The watch had been .advertised daily, and no- one had claimed Jt, : Possibly the owner didn't care • about coming forward. Nevertheless the police still kept their •.' eye" upon Collins, and held ;the watch in carelul I remembered also having heard that the. father of the murdered girl had died suddenly before the. news, of her death had: reached him, and that, consequently the. Government' reward .of £200 for any information that could lead to the discovery of the guilty per- - son or persons juad not been supplemented by an offer on his part. True, Mr. Fauleoner added.another £200; and there had been- occasional, rumors of the polioe -having found a due', but nothing had come ol them, ana. even I had become accustomed to regard the affair as . one of those , myatenes whioh the ordinary intelligence of the pohce had been unable to deal with. Now, however, the sight of Mr. Fauleoner had-re-called the whole circumstances to my mind ^with extraordinary-: vividness, and I seemed "again to be bending over tbe mur- •dered woman 1 and wondering-at the -strange nature of the wound Then, too, tho doctor's story. There wes nothing wonderful in thelaot that Fauleoner and hia wife had miased the Bteamer, and that she should have been suffering from strong mental excitement It was only natural. ' -•Butthereason'why he should have returned; alone giving it to be understood that she remained in -England, was not so easy to ; find. Had she gone to England at all, and if - not where had she been all the time herhus . band was,np country? Was'nt certain that he had been up "the country And yet a man like him could not be m Melbourne -without being remarked, nor waa Mrs Fauleoner the • sort of woman who could remain long unnoticed anywhere. All sorts of vague suspicions arosein my, mind. 1 began to consider the advisability of • mentioning-what the doctor had told me to: the authorities, but dismissed the idea almost as soon as formed The l?aulconers hadalready snifered severely in the matter, and there was every probability tbatthey might, have gone on to England in another vessel. So I made up my mind to do nothing more untUIhadmadeva>few?;qgiet^quiries.: and: wentto bed. " j* " Even during the next few days I coUld come to no dptermination, snd though Mr.; Fauleoner onoe stepped me in the street and spoke to me with his usual composed mdiflerenee, and in answer J;o my enquiries after his wife, told me that she was-travelling with somefnends m Germany, I could not make: tip my mind to-allude to what I had heard from the doctor Onihe fourth day, however, J was sitting alone in my room 1 wa told that someone wanted io Bee me and slight] tD m sur prise my acquaintance the detective was shown in ,'JJis name is of no importance :: andlieis not now m the country Let us; call him Sinks lot the nonce An ordinary; looking-man Binks not "at all like theoon ; -ventional .detective jmadlelieight -compactly.: built and-vgry neatly dressed w«h nothing -remarkable but a habit -of hold n" lni head a httle on one side, when he^wanted -to em ; ..phaaize a remarkor thoqght hejiad made a; -nmnt On "this occasion he misht have had j a stiff -neck,, to judge from. his;.-appearance;: • -and he.-commenced- withoutany,preamble..' \- " Sorry to-trouble-you,Mr. Wamright; ;but" - Ivo come .to have/a chat with you about that-: Queen's Wharf alfair " ,. " With me! " I replied shortly, feehng surprised and looking it. - ."yes sir, with vou?" .- " Why; have you made any dissovery.?.". • . -,- " Yes, sir, audi ve made a journey, too." \- • . .1 noticed now that.he,waB muoh sunburnt;-- \- and had the -generai look .of .a man just- returned from a long voyage: .,-•:;.:--.' • -" Yes,' he continued,'.'.I have been to Paris. : I came back yesterday, and as you are interested I have come first .to.you." • : Why, eurelv Mr. Binks you don't suspect me.-' .'.,.-. ::-•. • •-. • .-.-. ... "Indeed, I. don't,'.' heanswered - with-a - jovial smile. " But you gave me,a clue, and ':, -before I report I want to tell you how Xfol- -: lowed it; and then perhaps to ask your advice. : •It's a sad business, Mr. Wamright, and ! don't halt like acting on what I do know, in spite of the reward." Just for one moment a vague idea si 'his meaning dawned upon me, but I merely an-. Bwered ".goon." • ..- :" .. --- . , " -. suppose," he continued with his ,head moreion one Bide tnan ever. :••".-¥ou know^that •; Mr. Fauleoner has come baok;" 1 .-. I nodded " But his wife is not with him " . Ko-^ho.i? in Germany. Be Lold me yes--- •; terday " "Then you've seen him. How does he look " " As quiet and unconcerned as ever." "And Mrs. Fauleoner.in Germany. Would ; it- surprise to you hear that she didn't go home . >, by the eteamei, in whose- passenger list ?"- --.:- • " It did surprise me when -I .heard it the other day " " Then you have heard it ' -'.- " Yea, the doctor of the-steamer told me so, ' and I have been puzzling my brains ever sinee. -But the doctor also said that-they ' went ashore because, she was ill at Adelaide, and missed, the boat, and they might • easily have gone by another one." - -•"Yes,--sir,- easy-enough, -but - they-.didn't. .; •I've searched the list of every , steamer v-since. : , Mrs. Fauleoner never left Australia at alii"' I sat in mute astonishment. .-:- -, .. . .. •• Why, where is she then." •v. "Ah, sir, there's the point. Kow listen to me. Can you spare the time." " I will spare it. Go on.". , •- - , : "I suppose -you and- other folks • have thought we were very easy overthis matter, but -bless you, there are cases m which ;easmessis., the best game. I am pretty sure now who to lay my hand on, and yet I don't half like is •do"it. But; before I begm let me ask, you whether Mr. Fauleoner has only recently: re-, turned to ilelbonrne ? " ,- .,. :- : •: "I only saw him the other day."., .:.-, ~ " And that other quiet looking swell with, the long moustache—Capiam Beynolds? ^ . • " Why, what on earth has he to do with it ?" '-' Never mmdj sir, you'll see., .Has he been •• in town." :. '•• • ••,.•.. • . .' " I have seen him constantly." .> " Well, sir, now I'll go on You may re member that once or twice .after the murder you was a bit given to chaff me about :-what you called my " habitual criminal theory" , I pretended to be huffed once or twice but, Dor „ bless you M' took the hint. Supposing it -was'nt an.habitual criminal, .like most men . in my lme, -I read a trifle and when you called attention in court, to the wound and the marks "of bites I said again to myself, supposing it .; war'nt rats.:. Then I remembered the-.story. of the Bue Morgue murder by the Gurang • outang But there ib only one Chimpanzee at i our Zoo and'h'e is far too gentlemauly^an aero- ; ibat for this sort of thing, besides be hadinever, . nbeenloDBe:rAnd then-I began to think-ihatjhere . are snch thmgs as lovers; and7jealous lovers, in connection -with .young ladies, and, that the murder might have been committed m the way it has to put.ue off the scent. And then " I thought suddenly, of the two'gentlemen Miss ; Darley , was most intimate with, her host : Mr Fauleoner and Captain Reynolds'" " Good God I you don't mean to say you suspected-them.'' • ' "No sir, emphatically I did'nt. They're not the sort. But I was'nt. at: all sura that they hadn't some idea of how it happened, at least, after, the inquest." • • -. .'• :•„ ; " What m heaven do you mean ?" : " Carry your memory.,back to tbe mquest. I kept my eye on Mr. Fauleoner all the: time he was giving his evidence and his face-never, changed until the watch; was put into his hand. , It changed: then and it was only after a steady look at the cabman that he said.^ " This is not Miss Darley's watch—4' ; ; :-•.- " I do remember, what of that." .- " Well sir,! told you just now! don't suspect Mr Fauleoner of murdering this: poor girl. But I tell- you"—and here his head almost; touched his shoulders-^-" that when he saw that watch, he knew that Collins had notdriven Mibb Darley that night, and that being , a gentleman for he ib that, he spoke the truth. I heard him tell you ^afterwards that if h6 : could punish the murderers he would;"- I nodded.- He had done-so. : I I Well, the thought struck me aslthought: over your, chaff about the " nabitual criminal" that .the owner of that watch could tell somethmg aboufc.the crime &nd; that Mr Fauleoner: knew, who it icasJ'- •- :• -•; • - , -,- • : . " Why not take action then." " Not enough to go on;sir. ; I could always lay m-y hands on Mr; Fauleoner, but I relied chiefly on the watch, and though I did not ; think Mr. Faulconer guilty, I-knew that mih-' tary gents have often- had queer adventures in' their youth. You remember what the cab-; man - eaid about the woman ; : who drove him having a foreign accent. It struck me that •Mri-Faulconer might-havehad something:,to. do. once upon a time-with , such a woman, and that if she were-here-and took jtiinto her head, that there 'was' anything between himand- Miss Darley;.though Lord love- youHnever heard of it, she might easily have .done the thing herself or got someone else, -Collins, perhaps, though I don't think so , So I've "kept my eye on him, and with whp* - result I'll tell you direct!v But the ma thing was the watch, and I thought more of it -because, the. .dagafter, the :.inquest Captamt -Seynolda -called at.the oiEee and asked, if he: might see it I showed it to him, and I: noticed tha't ie opened: >it, looked-closely-at; the inside, and then said as quietly as that. sort :of 'gent-always doea,:M certainly. ziot Miaa Darley's." When he had gone I examined it more closely than before It was a very handsome one, Parisian make, jewel'ed, <Ssc,, - and- on the inside was the inscription; "Amaha: from Bicardoperhaps you've heard the: names ? " Yes Characters m the opera, Un Hallo , en j]JasciV-,.'-'-... ' - [ , r JuBt bo Some opera singer I thought, and I made more enqairies But so one ' in Melbourne had ever sold such a watch, nor could I trace it in anyway. Butrmy; back was up now, and after some trouble I got the chief to let me go to Paris. I went,: and, was.put into commumcation iwith the; boss, the prefect they call him He was a stout, comfortable looking man, but they do know their work there. I was told to go away and come back n-a week 1 did and was brought ace to face with he eweller who had Bold he watch «ight years before • to an English officer who had a lad with him The officers ame was m his books X Fauleoner —th "Jjaneers but he had no distinct remembrance ot'-thefJadyiexcept-thata she .had handsome dark eyes The inscnp tion wa jiut on at the lady s request He i he&rdher; : speak."but:he could.-:not remember;:, in what language from the lad s manner - hethoui!ht-they were e ly married or lovers The officer was English^ haughty -and -ie-; that evening, and Bullocky Ben, his wife, Jim the barman, Moll Dowd, the big, redhaired servant girl; and Hoppy Joe, the odd job man, was as busy as they could be, reaping in the golden harvest.. The bar was fall, the parlor was lull, so was.the long dimngloom. uo was the kitchen, The atmosphere was thick with tobaooo smote, the noise was uproarious, as Curly strode in; from the mud puddle that did -duty as the main street. • • ' , Hello, Curly I" shouted Long Ned. the paoker, as he caught sight of Curly's face m the doorway. Where you been ? Dam me if you don't look as soared as if you'd seen a lost." " There was a lull in the'hubbub, as .everyone in the mom turned to look at the newmn countenance.- He did look v.. f: h, in soberfact. ... : V V.nw. 'Mid Curly, impressively, "I titive. - and suoh a ghost as I can't-say. •«.•••• !- • .seeing- And it;s fetched nie,. "E: : • tohed me up all standing, as a a dead silence, and someone st have you seen ? ' . :nates. The ghost of days long; ffhost of forgotten things. The . le duty. \- .lied at him, and at each other r.-ven.-tho card players suspended, went on, " I've seen this what's brought the Bait water , ; and by George! I ain't ** it. Ton-all remember poor >;•: as -was killed at the Long since oome June?' At.i. 3 i -ippened'to be passing the ii-.r . ;.-. :. iernoon, and turnedinto.the : io >i- ..en .-, c out o' the rain, and.there I •ma ;iii i : ' : : imnt as laid me out, knocked, «w?ur> '•••an out o 1 me. .Therewas' oosit a-sittin' crym' over them: ricss babbies—cryin', mates, o'count o£ navin' no food to give 'em. Think o' that, boys, this blessed Christmas time, and no. food to give'em. I couldn't stand their m- noeenfc talk, by George I 'couldn't, I had to cut and run. If I hadn't I should ha blubbed right out. Now, you ve all heer'd o- that Santa Claus as bring things for kids on Christmas eve?" "Tee, yes.-' " Very well. This 'era's Christmas eve, and we've had a good waBhin' up, all on us. Now, what I mean for to say is this 'ere,. chat Walhalla's not goin- to be played so low down on as not to have a Santa Claus of its . And that Santa Clause is goin' to the Widder's this very night, on the quiet, as it were. We ain't a mean lot o' skunks onthese diggm's, not as I knows on. There's my hat, and there's my pound note in the orown on it. Anybody can cover it as likes.-' Bendigo Sam, the biggest rough and bully, and the most inveterate gambler on the field, rose quietly from the table, saying in, for him, a wonderfully soft voice : " Put down your cards, boys, I'm in this I reckon. There's my pound. Who's nest?" \- There was no need to ask. In a moment Curly was surrounded by a sympathetic crowd, and notes, gold, and • nilver were poured into the hat as if by magic. " Pass it round here," called someone from the bar, and the Pactolean stream rolled in. " PaEB it round the township," cried one enthusiastic contributor, " I' reckon we mountain boys do things right up to the nines when we do em at all.V And it -was done. Some gave in money, some in kind. The affair by some means had spread through the place, and all gave' something, the result being that Santa Claus must-.have had a verv big pack indeed to •-<•• ;itiv.-. 1 '' these rough and , . ..ptaerous. aaru-os in the wilderitt t to be oppressed m l r ' and secret all thst -si -: •i!.^ in. the hotels, stores, .-, i «?-['. v-::. ,;>_':-•:•;, uich other myster : . - a - - •; w, solemn tofies. i. lie taverns secyied w t-A Tjrw:Mau:sil. Londigo Sam twice in a/r.ii- aesi.iithmchGn.'.dnever.before'been i i i 'i. 1 nory of his oldest .l.iv^m:... • iJcaipel-. vrere made up,-old i 1 severed, renewed, ana. yn^'Ubj- to .. r cl£.;o, iuc the firattime m the history of Walhalla, the eve of festival was allowed to pass without-a light, or a solitary individual being " run in" to the police camp.. It was as if the inhabitants had - had premonition of some vast, moral earthquake or volcanic erruption. At a little after midnight half a score of stout fellows, each loaded up with.a package more or less bulky and weighty, might have been seen moving stealthily along the valley in the direction of the widow's residence. The rain had ceased,, and a watery moon shone in the firmament, bow visible, now obecured- by - the driving scud overhead. There was not a sound save the harsh brawling of the- swollen creek, and the -querulous whimper of some belated 'possum in the distant bush. - Noiselessly they approached the log cabin. All was silence, all. darkness. Noiselessly they laid down their burdens at the door under the little overhanging porch, and as noiselessly they glided away again, fading out into the semi-darkness like so many Meanwhile the children slept peacefully, dreaming, it might be, of the . angelic quire who hailed the natal day of, the God-ohild with exultant carols of transcendent sweetness more than .eighteen centuries before. Slept, each with its little, stocking pinned above its head in. cmldish faith in the dear <nu '•• ••!.*. -v ] all know and love to teach.... :.. •I.-IH j-of'darkness sped.. The 1 bell ij-•.. :.: Igpie hailed the advent of the -i .tag with-the-metallic music of notes. The rosy blush of dawn l.'jt&i; 1 .-. r»rt the-, eastern Bky, lighting up the i-saiw '.'isetier after .tier in the grey .dis. \- -b fresh crisp wind rustl&d; the Mttftxfjui ;>fthe lofty gums:and 1 the sweet :- -f nc»-r-. •••.'. le-bloBKom, andthe mother rose trotn'h<it .-•. .'•-ly.. couch, to prepare.the meagre in./fiiiBir ;:-.-sal with ..the moisture in;-her. dull aching of blank despair in li o o i n st or her to look into- those', poor rigs hanging at the, bed r s -head. . •><• immi to --lake the little sleepers-to the. disii->3i-jiHli:-,;.(-H,that must come too soon..••. -She vr-L'i «moU^«od silently to work, built up: . ."r-rne Unjn ig-for the-.fire, then opened the coos tr b stick or . two of wood from the «h>js n the shed. •. ., . .. tiircu u:. :vens I what was this? Was it a •artaai i \- fas it « mockery of thevsenses ?-. Ksjs i-, v;;-."!icratt? A tieaa , packages huddled into the doorway, buu r,:the topmost.one a card securely rewc. «6o. searing the inscription : • " The v- ni^ihr iiuii- children Watson, from Santa Claus." • She staggered back into the room, and; in a voice that seemed soaroely. her own,, called .on the little ones to wake and see this marvel of marvels. • • : Marvel of marvels indeed. -. Wonder beyond:-all wondering. The very.embarrassmGnt of riches. The children had - never •Been-anything like it before. iElour, iea, sugar, .butter, ,che-?Be, • bacon; a fat goose, tinned meats—wiay go on . enumerating. There- was everything human eye: had; ever Been,lor human heart conld-deeire. 3?ood;of all kinds, materials for clothing, euch few toys as the township could afford, poor things enough, .but, to them, - of .-priceless /value: \- And) last of all,.the little hoy came .to a small parcel carefully stitched up in a piece of canvas. ''Here mamma" be said,'.'he'sia ickle heavy one, I tan t 'ift it.' The motherraised it from the ground It was heavy, very heavy for its size. -On oponing ltvwhat was her aBlomshment . to find .it filled with' money,- paper, gold, silver of all -denominations Her heart was full, " Oh my darlings, " she cried in an estacy o£ gratitude, "we Bhall never know want again, never, never, never Uneel down with me and pray God's best-blessing on: those-who at this-festive -season -haveinot forgotten to remember the Widow and .the Fatherless in their affliction. Yea, and.they shalliba bleaBed.- Amen, and Amen \- Bshindsa clump of:bush,.not very . lar diss, tant, might have - .been --seen the stalwart form of Curly. 7 As*sheifelI onherknees/andlifted her pale face to heaven, he flushed- red through his bronzed skin;vturned awkwardly, away, and slunk quietly through the bush as if afraid of being detected. Iiet us go with him, and leave Widow Watson to pour out her -soul in gratitude to the One whoxeigneth eternal in the heavens, and. whose- meroy endureth for ever. \ - 