COLONIAL AND GENKLAL NEWS. The body of the missing man. Hag Inn Pavcv, was found last week in the Murray Hiver, nl>out four miles down from Albury. The face present a horrible appearance—the eyes being eaten out of their sockets. The throat has been cut from car to car, and the windpipe severed. It is clear that a most brutal murder has been com mitted, as it would linvc been impos sible for Dnvey to have walked to the river after inflicting such a wound. The sum of 10s Was found upon his body. It is known that lie had almut £1:» in notes nnd gold. His watch, which was also found on the laidy, had stopped at seven minutes to 11 o'clock. The body was found by Constables Holden nnd Nixon, and they are of opinion that it was floated by powder] exploded the previous day at the spot , pointed out by the Sydney clnirvoy i Henry Atkinson, farmer, Millbrook, ■-■while walking in a paddock the other :lav, was bitten the leg by a snake. A ligature was immediately applied, and Mrs Atkison sucked nm. some of the poison for fiveminutes. He was then driven at a mad pace to Dr Dobbin’s residence, where part of the leg was excised and cauterised, and free Ihu morrahage allowed to take place below a fresh ligature, which was applied. The local constitutional symptoms, however, were not sufficiently shown to demand an exhibition of L)r Hal ford's system of intravenous injection of liquid ammonia. It was, however, used by the mouth with good results. "When seen about three hours after, the patient’s pulse was ten beats below the normal temperature, depressed by 0.8 of a-degree ; but his general con dition had visibly improved,.and the doctor anticipates recovery. A recluse, who 1ms lived in n cave along the coast six miles from .Belfast for the last quarter of a century, was found dead not far from his domicile a few days ago. The body was taken to Belfast, and an inquest held before Mr Edward Vanstan showed that death resulted from , old age and exposure. The old man whs well known to ang lers ns “ Billy Crayfish,’’ns lie obtained his living by catching Crustacea. Few knew his name until the inquiry. It was William Archer. The old fellow was transported to Tasmania over forty years ngo, for having shot a game keeper in England. A few years ago a man, on his death-bed, made a con fession which acquitted Archer of the crime. Archer’s friends took the pro per stops, and the Government granted a free pardon to the unfortunate man, and offered to pay all expenses for his return to the old country. Archer de clined to return, stating that he could not meet his friends again, and prefer red to remain a hermit. 11 is history was, no doubt, the cause of his pecu liar mode of life. For a month past a great- scare lias existed in the unusually quiet .borough of Kew, owing to the nightly appear ance of a practical joker, arrayed in a phosphorescent sheet, with the evident intention of alarming timid people. It is stated that the would-be ghost generally shows himself before women and children, or persons From whom he runs no risk of retalliation. The scare lias so manifested itself that a constable in plain clothes has been told off to endeavor to catch the cow ardly fellow. He was first seen bv a lady who was going home in the com pany of her husband, aud who on the appearance of the apparition was so affected as to render herself subject to recurring fits. The husband strange enough did not notice the ghost. A number or girls going home from church at night were greatly alarmed at seeing the apparition, which to them rose upwards from the ground to a height of eight feet. Its chief haunt seems to have been the Cotham road, Gellibrand road, and the Glcnferrie road, in-the vicinity of the High school and Jesuist College. On being reported to Sergeant M’Grath lie made inquiries nt these schools, hut received satisfactory assurances that none of the scholars were concerned in the matter. All sorts of rumors arc current, it being averred by a curler that while driving up one of the roads late at night, the ghost with a flying leap, went bounding over his horse, and disappeared us suddenly as it came. Whatever the facts are, it is autliora tively stated that several fathers of j families, whose children have been fiightened by the joker, are determined to give him a warm reception should he reveal himself to them. A pro fessional runner is also known to he lying in wait for him, and should the ghost fall into his hands, he will have the reverse of a pleasant time. The Californian Legislature is, ac curiling to the San Francisco Chnnicle, now engaged in passing an Irrigation Bill, but is showing utter incapacity to deal with the question. The stumbl ing block is the riparian rights ques tion. The following extract from the journal referred to is not without in terest and auiusemo.it on account of the reference made to Victoria:—The trouble with the Legislature is that it is undertaking to grapple wish one of the most difficult problems of the day in equal ignorance of the law and of facts. We will venture to say that not a single tnemlx-r of the legislature, is aware that the British colonies ■jf Victoria and New South Wales are at this very moment engaged in solv ing the very same problem. Engineers have reported to the Victorian Legis lature, that, an nroa of not less than J.oOO.OOU acres can be fertilized bv irrigation from the Murray river, which is the boundary line of Victoria and New South Wales. On 2f>th June the Chief Secretary introduced into the provincial legislature an Irrigation Bill. lie stated that 28 water trusts, or as we should sny, ditch companies, were in existence, having constructed works with tho aid of the Govcrn ment. His bill proposed to consoli date all these. “The Government," said he, “ intend to assume the power necessary to carry out a notional scheme of irrigation.” He entered at length into the details of his plan, showing that the cost would be some thing like 20,000,000 dols. for ten water districts. 