OUR LETTER. (From Our Own Correspondent.) Pakis, June Id. France is not in the humor for in vestingher savings in foreign invest ments, her people have been since three yeafis too, living on their capital, so it is questionable, whether thecountry be now as rich as it. was - formerly reported to he.'' Millions upon millions have - been Sunk iii liduse building," in unhealthy commerce and industry—speculations as remunerative as .Spanish -bonds. Trade is so persistently eta^rWin^ .that there being little busihess tlmrS can be littfe profit; and consequently, establish ments have to be kept*up, and indis pensable employes retained, though really having got no work to do,, as certain horses in. a stable, eating each others heads off. The last fourth of the Panama shares which went up and doya like the mercury in a weather glass, must soon be called for, this will go," not to so much defray the current expenses of the works, as to finance the new paper on the market. Public opinion will likely-not permit the government catching up'' a private enterprize, even indirectly, no matter what amount of trumpet-blowing be indulged in, either in the way of patriotism or puffs. Gold may be bought too dear. Put in a tight place to pay contractors, who must -have ready >, money, the ^.shareholders, who also are the chief proprietors of the Suez Canal scrip, will be forced to place such on the market, to raise the wind, when England if she likes, can. buy them in, and so become the Ganal Company. Then the transit rates through the Suez Canal would he large ly reduced, to*encoup<ge • Indian- and Australian products. This may be the,. way a jwpular prediction perhaps. is to b«! reⅈ^ed; that the casting vote on the %eZ) Cjtnal board will, be' ultimately hehl-by-the Australians. lHw.thembtnent, however, Australians hiive to lout nearer homer - - -The tjues- i tibn oftheNeW Hebrides is ugly, and can rapidly become grave. The ex pedition from Ne^ -. Caledonia, so secretly fitted oat, setting sail with sealed orders, landing troops, unfurling the tricolor—all that smacks of business and the making of one's self at home. YetTflietreaty between I England ~ -and' Fiance debarring either power from occupying the islands is so explicit, so recent, that even in this age of tearing up of inconvenient treaties, of Russian Jinesse, of land-grabbing, of punishing natives for outrages, and then remain ing to " protect," or annex them after the castigation, one can hardly believe Franca would deliberatety provoke, a serious misunderstanding with Eng land. As yet, opinion here has not ex pressed itself oii the new difficulty pre pared for the Republic, and the most serious Tt could encounter would be the gratuitiou8 offending of a first-class power. It is surmised that , behind the cession of Hew Hebrides, or the con nivance at-their annexation by France, England'* has a .-secret compensation J just as she winked at the protection of Tunisia to punish the Kroumirs ait a set-ofi for her own occupation of Cyprus. M. de Freycinet, too, is "devilish sly, Sir," but that game does Hot always succeed with hita. He may playthe New Hebrides card to stir the. English out of Egypt, or may continue it so long as to involve the good relations between Australia and. .the" mother country and so induce a -collapse inlfche' Imperial federation crusade. There is atill the not unlikely motive, to " force England intow kind of joint.ownership of the New Hebrides, as Bismarck com npli France wduldclaun the 'rigbt, like the Duke of Northumberland, to do what she liked with her own, " On thecon tinent/so weak in the ,knees and back. s borejis..England, viewed tbgt cif sheah^i only sufficiently badgered and bullied ip like .frouv* her, even to Home Rule. Russia too. only waits for the moment a .■■ -r- ----- ■',« a-fiv ■ ■ of a complication betweemFrance and, England. to revenge her defeat in Rulgaria. T^Aiolution of" the New Hebrides imbroglio largely rests with Australia. ? If blie he divided on thepourse to adopt ii Ik better to let the matters slide sit once. If site remains united she has only,to coiner the mother country into plain shaking and vigorous, resolutions in ordeFto prevent thh'iquesrion from becoming deplorable. . ., |fran&e; cannot exist; in the Southern Pacific w|th an unfriendly • or ^lbc|jiile Australia fgr, neighbor. /" Then Atisfralhiris, being modern bhsiness' men/ ^Ipable of seeing^ through -milestones 'as H>fll . asLab^j ■si VOftfa -J t-" z- "A It., ' \- ^diplomatists, may, resttitfjthy French" ^ flag beihg hoisted bve^l^ij^Sehrides, and may not allow French.- ships to . touch at any Australian ports. Will the mother country, back up the giant infant in her manifest destiny 1 Once in possession of the islands noth ing could pi event France, from ship ping thereto her "best" recidivists from New Caledonia, as the pipneeis for her " worst" habitual criminals «x-: jiortedfrora the Continent. People do not swallow anything ugly, withoht making' Such"' wry" faces, as; would Secure the fortune of a photo giapl&'f cdiild he' fix the' grimaces. The Senate is in such a position re spMtii^jthe;BilUent up, Jto it from the Chamber of Deputies for. the expulsion of the prinoes. The fathers will con sent to vpte it after, all their vowing they would never consent. And public opinion will neither curse them nor bless them,- for. so doing,, being per fectly indifferent whether four . or forty princes be sent out of the land. And public opinion: in France at the , pre sent moment is the product -of profes sional politicians, and the newspapers they influence, orown. The real pdlse J^of the! country cannot be felt asHhe institution of' open air meetings in addition.' to not being a fashion are illegal, hence do not exist. There • is a kind of | Brahmali resignation abroad, a .creeping comatose condition provoked by chronic disappointment at tbeclond of commercial and industrial depression not lifting. In ths way of securing posts and pensions business is brisk. An onslaught is now being made on the Ministries of Finance^and ^Foreign Affairs, to clear these offices of anti _ republicans. The game is not at all .new, and is common to all parties. \- The Exhibition project might move on more rapidly. The only two .parte .of the.idea to be regarded as .official -are tbe-Babel Tower copied^ -but:-.never acknowledged from the Philadelphia rejected ornaments, from the Centennial and a model of the Bastille as it was in its halcyon_days. The structure on. .the Champ des Mars .will likely, have a horseshoe form, and a low gallery will ['he introduced to doable space* The i interior of the building will, be grid ironed -by electric; tramways, : that will ilso||q_ duty as to tWjjjllery. The central alley,will be a vast garden, devoted generally to attractions of the amusing andrecrpal^e kind: "Ileasnre and ^ Business" will be the presiding deities/ : ' The Jew and Gentile -batchers no longer-agree, and it is a phase of the [ Semi tic..•quesrion,!, hat neither Ger | 'mahy nor ltussia has examined. As s class the butchers are model citizens, they belong to no political guild, and have never been known to be mixed up with ^volutipns^The Jews of late years have enormously increased and multiplied iu Paris, and so far as buy ing their meat, they are ' exclusive dealers. Formerly" they patronized a gentile butcher offering the necessary guarantees that what he sold had been killed and prepared according to tbe rules and regulations of Moses and the Prophets. Since 1869 the Jews in Paris have .their special abbattoir or slaughtering house, this establishment consists of a resident controller, the sacrificers, over | seers and ambulatory inspectors for the retail shops. Only the sacrifice rs are authorized to kill animals, and such must have a license from the Israelitish Consistory. To obtain this the candi date has to supply proofs of his morality, and strictness in the per formance of all his religious rites— these no Jew neglects. The sacrificer must possess a certificate from a sur geon that he is sufficiently strong to fell an ox, «fcc. He must be competent to cut- the animal's throat, and at a single blow.- After the animal is bled the knife is examined, and if the edge oe discovered to be blunt, or notched, froth the operation the carcass ii re jected "as. unfit for Israelitish consump tion.1 - Gentile butchers .are only too glad-to sdap at "the bargain. The sacri ficer hands in every, week an account of what-he haslrilled, for the inspection of th% Grand Babbi, he -is paid "by the Consistory, "and ~taust not commence slaughteringbefore six in the morning end^i ytun^r basT^ 'fi^h' ty' three T& eont£elleris to ree that nothing jjn. ^be umy of fraud occurs at the hhatioir,'sind' that the cereniony of slaughtering proceeds according to the ^tr^ri^d iifafj He J^p^te, alopg with the saciificer,.the consistory's omitherT&^n^lisnpt^a at-the jsacri ficer's o wrrJbaal.is'^affixei.^etting forth the Aate ^hen -he |rill^[ and bled, the unal, lwd;^so jtjhat|^eHe"two fapts be cut with the-eaoiificar's knife on the breaStr iitid shoulder of the beast. No carcass is delivered for consump tionwithout these precautions. The overseer inspects the body of the ani mal when* opened to be assured the lupgs jare;. pot, adhering jto ^he ribsand are free ^ from diseaselie has ifiso purify . certain * portions of the; [flesh.; ^The inspwtbra are told off?& inspect 'the several-butchers', shops inthe city, mapped out intOregiona. The inspec tor h^ ; tpt s«e t%t eael} "ammal ,de [,Ti▼erpa. jn'the shop has the'.marks and j seals as affixed 'at. tlia abattoir. He 'signs the butcher's book to this effect if all be correct, which" book is onoa a week sent to the coiisistory. The in-' speetor is also bound to see that the meat delivered to Jawish consumers Is purified : that is, the ycius extracted from the principal morsels ; then he affixes the wax seal of the. consistory and .passes, the meat to the purchaser. If a sacrificer or any official' accepts *" tips" from «r butcher or client, they are instantly dismissed. Pity all tjie not-to-beforgQtten hordbs in Paris ure ot in this respect like Jewish slaughter house officia-8 : there would be less slaughtering of purses. A gentile batcher cam hire out the killing ser vices of a sacrificer, but the latter must never practise his art on pigs, nor during his business hours go near w,here these animals are converted into pork. There is much sympathy felt for the poor King of Bavaria, not because lie was a king, but because he was an ordinary mortal, meeting with a tragic end. That , he was rapidly drifting into insanity of a perilous form, none denied; but. the. suddenly., treating him as a lunatic, was keenly felt by the last glimmerings of his reasons, and that he employed to commit snicide, and, pos sibly, to drag his old physician into the water with him to satisfy his revenge. There is no excuse for servants or guards not keeping a more vigorous, though concealed, eye on the two pru men&ders;, nor feeling uneasy at their absence during a period of five hours. Politically it is the case of the " King is dead, long live the King!" The change will not affect the unity of Ger many ; the Unionists know too well what they have suffered from division and disruption. If not the satellites or vassals of Fatherland, they would be came the vanquished of some foreign power- As.for remaining indepen dent,. . such would. be less than a day dream. , A partial result of the census, taken a fornlght ago; has appeared for several of the arrondissements- of Paris. The population, at the first glance, does not' apparently seem to have augmented. A salient feature'is, that the population has deserted the regions where rents ^ro bigh, for the quarters where they are moderate, while numbers have fled to the suburbs, to escape being crushed to death by taxga and duties. The un derground ; railway will': give a 'still greater impetus to this hegira, then :will arrive the period for abolishing, the octrois or imposts, and levelling a kind of income tax. The latter will thus unearth those individuals, living in garrets on 100,000 fr., a year, but dining in first c|ass .restaurants Ac., in order to escape the city imposts. ' The enquiry into the murder by the strikers of M. Watson, the *ub naanager of. the .Decaaeville mines, still continues. It reveals an exceptionally cruel. ...case. of mob-vengeance . and brutality, and something like jheartless abstention on the .part of those who could have humanely interfered. The strike is -now- at an end, after some fourteen weeks duration. Capital has not exactly - won all along the line; the Soeielats have scored some chalks, and nathrally make a good thing of the drawn battle. Also, this strike is the forecast of what success is in store for future striker?,-when backed by socialist; deputies, and theanarchial press. The society for the- preservation of antiquities has visited a curious deoart mept ef the Palais defla Justice. It is ] a cellar, which wormerly was the] kitchen St. :Bonis. In this lumber ; room was .stored away, like the used-up; tombstones in the city cemeteries, busts ? of *ll the sovereigns in bronze, marble, terra-cotta, ete., from Louis XVL down- ' wards. If their descendant's partisans; were only so united and peaceful what .* happy state of society . there would be in-France to-day. A concierge and bleeding .for his country's good! This is a rare spec tacle, yet it is a .fact the house-porter of the Tbeatre-Francais, one Peuch, has just been -decorated with the Legion of ■ Uonor.. Whenever the, hospitals were • in want of a volunteer to lend a vein k? be tapped for operations for the transfusion of blood, Peuch was the man- -He did so seven times, and was the means of saving three lives, of which one was a Prussian. He would -never accept remuneration. Money ia the ainow "rot war aud of canal making. Ju&tnoWj; M.. de Lasseps is ex periencing Jfcat it is more difficult to ob tain capital,xthan to arrange the difference, in level for bis -.watery/ highway bet ween or to Jconqaeiithe freaks xiver^hqgres. M. de Freycinet has ^febat made up his mind to cover the Panhtaa. enterprize with -the cegis of France., The.,Govomraent has submitted a bill to-the Chamber, authorising the to issue new capital on the lottery principle —redemption of botids. with the bait of prize drawings. Thfs is ^otJhPpeftdjM an outlook The introduc tiou.of the Bill was welcomed with any mar^ of favor, nor is it at all certain that the guarantee, asked for will bo voted. That Banquo's ghost Mexico &«yer.before the eyes of the deputes, Mexican' bonds, thanks to tha* UueLde Mofny-r^gho was iu the.^wira, shot up like a rocket : bat they fell S(ji per cent., that' is, descended:, like the stick, when Utiife'SXtn" piit Ins foot- down* on' the pro ject, of Napoleon III. to, occupy. Mexico Under the guise of, prospecting, protect ing, or Latin-race planting,jGentral Ameri ca. . The Crown diamonds of France are the tppicof the day ip^at^oonntry justpow. Bi. Bochofort prop^eSiiiojput them up; to ^tery for 20,000,000 f rapes, about' £833, Bocho-pabia.—Quick, complete cure, plj annoying kidney, bladder and urinary ■ diseases. At druggists.. F. mFajitding and Co., Agents, Adelaide. In the (Jolted States, with an estimated Jewish peculation of nearly 500,000, there is not a single Jewish member of Con gress; In England no fewer: than seven Jews have been elected members of the House of Commons. Dbchne or Mm.--Nervous Weakness Dyspepsia, Impotence. Sexual Debility cured by " Well's Health Ren ewer," A1 druggists. F. H. Faulding & Co. 