[?] [?] ; . Chatter LIL—Mother and Son. ' For a time Merwyn did keep quiet, baft he soon began to mutter brokenly and? unin telligibly; Marian tried to remove her hand to aid the physioian a momect, hut she felt thb feeble' tightening ofr his clasp, and be oneo, Nc, eo.' s sv This;for days, was the laeft signofintelli- geirf comprehension of : WhaVWas gding on around hiim. \ r 1 We must humour htm all we oan in safety,' the doctor remarked, in a low j whisper, and so began the battle of life. ' J Day -Was cow dawning, .and Thomas was j despatched for a; very skilfrd snrgeon, who J came, and gave the; help of long experience. I Aft last Dr. Henderson joined Mr. Vos- j burgh in the hreakfastroom, and the latter j sent a cap of aeffee to his daughter by ftfe 1 physician, who said, when he returned : . I. think it would be well for me to know something. about Mr. Merwyn's experience daring the past few days. I shall understand his condition better if I know the causes which led to it.' Mr. Vosburgh told him everything. 'Well,'. said the doctor, emphatically,' we should do all within human effort to save ' isuoh a young fellow' . - _ j ' I feel that I could give my life to save him,' Mr. Yoshargh added. Honrs .paesed, and Merwyn's delirium became more . pronounced. He released hie grasp on Marian's, hand, and tossed hie arms as if in the deepest .trouble, his disordered mindevidently reverting to the time when life had been so dark and hopeless, J 'Chained, chained/ he would matter; J cruel, unnaftoral mother to 'chain her son like a slave. My oath is eating out my Very I heart. She despises zne as a coward.' Oh ! j if she knew what I. was feeing'— and such was the burden of all his broken words. | The young girl now , learned the secret I wbiohhad been so long .ohf athomed. Vainly , j with streaming eyes, she tried at first I to re-assure him, but Hie doctor told ber it was of no use, the fever muBt take ita course. Yet ber hand upon hls brow add cheek often seemed to have a shbtle, quioting spq)l. Mr. Vosburgh felt that, whatever happened, he munt attend to his duties ; therefore, he went to headquarters, and learned that the crista of the insurrection had passed. The Seventh Begiment waa on duty, a«d other militia organisations were. near at hand. He also related briefly how he bad been driven from his home oii the previous night, and was told that policemen were In charge of the building. Having received a permit to enter it, he sent his despatch to Washing- ton, also a quieting telegram to his wife, assuring hsr that all. danger was passed. Then he went to hiVabandoned home, and j looked sadly on the' havoc that had been made, pearly ail light articles of value had been carried away, and - then, in a spirit of revenge, the rioters bad destroyed and defaced nearly everything. His desk had been, broken, but tbe secret drawer remained j undiscovered. Having obtained his private I papers, he. left the place, aud as it was a I rented, bouse, resolved that he would not I reside there again, " ' . J On feis return to Merwyn's home, the first I one to greet him was Strahan, his face fall of I the deepest solicitudje. » ' j 'I have just arrived,' he said. 'I first I went to your house, and wasor erwbelmed at I | fBcipg us condition ; then I drove here, and j pave only learned "enough to make me anxious J indeed. Oh, my accursed wound and fever ! I They,kept the, fact of the riot from me until this morning, and then I learned of it J almost by accident, and came instantly in J spite of them.' I ' Mr. Strahan, I entreat you to be prudent, j I am overwhelmed with trouble and fear for j Merwyn, and I and mine must cause no more i rrieehlef. Everything is being done that osn ; be, and all must be patient and quiet, and keep their senses.' j 7 b, . 1'® rH right now. As Merwyn's friend, this is my place. Bemember what he aid forme.? y ' Very well. If yon are equal to it, I shall | he glad to have you take charge here. I As soon as I have learned of my daughter's j and Merwyn's welfare, I shall engage rooms j at the nearest hotel, and, if the city remains 1 quiet, telegraph for my wife-' And he sent Thomas to Dr. Henderson, with a request to I see him. ' . I 'No special change, and -there cannot be j very soon/ reported the phyBician. I ' Bat my daughter—she must not be I allowed -to go beyond her strength,' 1 I will look aftr her as carefully as after I my other patient-/ was the re-assuring renlv, I /TtV a strange story, Mr. SwahaJ/ resumed Mr. Yoaborgb, when thev were I I alone. 4 Yon are undoubtedly surprised that I my daughter should be one of "Mr. Merwyn's I watchers. He saved my life last night, and jmy daughter and home tbe night before: J they are virtually engaged, ' I \Ok, that I had been here! groaned Strahan. j ' Under the oircuuistshoes, it was well j I that you were not. It would probably have I cost you your life. Only the strongest and soundest meii could endure tbe strain, e came to our assistance from the £3 heboid the yonng officer enough ff , had oocittred to make it all | intelligible to him. ' I ! . a«w a long breath, then said, I He has won her fairly. I suspeoted his I regard for him ; but I would rather have had I i ms opportunity and hie wound than be a I major-general.' I 'I appreciate the honour you pay my J daughter, bat there are some matters beyond human control/ was the kind response ' I understand all that.' said the young man, sadly r 'but I can still be her loyal friend, and that, probably, ia all that I ever could have been.' - . r/I. a least, oan assure ypu of our verv | highest esteem and respect, Mr. Strahan-' 1 and after a few more Words the gentlemen parted. The hoort dragged on,, and at last Dr. should go oh' She fir«t met Strahan in I !obbed 0.n w« shoulder : 1 On, Arthur, I fear he will diep and if he wp— —1— — wv— — — — b— — 11 _ does I shall wish to die, too. You must stand by Us both like a loyal brother/ f 4 Marian, I rill, he fdlterd ( And he kept hie word. He made her take food, and at last inspired her with something of his own sanguine spirit. 4 Oh, what a comfort it is to have you here 1 she said, sb she was returning to her post. 4 You make despair impossible,' Again the hours dragged slowly on, the stillness of the hoase broken only by Merwyn's delirious words. Then, for a time, there was disquiet in bitter truth. All ; through the dreadful night just described, an ocean steamer bad been ploughing its way towards the port of New York. A pilot had boarded her off Sandy Hook, and strange and startling had been hie tidings to the homeward-bound Americans. The battle of Gettysburg, the capture of Yiokebargb, and, above all, the riots, had been the bardep of his narrations. Among the passengers were Mrs. Merwyn and her daughters. Dwelling on the con di- I tion of her son's mind, as revealed by bis 1 letter, she had concluded that she must not j delay her departure from England an hour I longer tban was unavoidable. 4 It may be,' j she thought, 'that only my presence can I restrain him in his madness; for worse than j madness it is to risk all his future prospects 1 in the South just when our arms are erowned I with victories which will soon fulfil our hopes, j His infatuation with that horrid Miss Yob burgh is the secret of it all4 Therefore, her heart overflowing with pride and anger which increased with every day of i tbe voyage, she had taken an earlier steamer, | and was determined to hold her son to his j oath if he had a spark of sanity left, j Having become almost a monomaniac in | her dream of a Southern Empire, she heard I tbe rumour of defeat and disaster, brought to j her by her daughter Mil the pride and ! passion of her strong nature was in arms j against the hare thought. Bot at quarantine, ! papers were received on board ; their I parallel columns lurid with accounts of the j riot, and aglow with details of Northern j victories, It appeared to her that she bad sailed from well-ordered England, with itB I congenia> aristocratic circles, tn a ! j chaos. When the steamer arrived at the J wharf, many of the passengers were afraid to go ashore ; but she, quiet, cold, silent, hid- j ing the anger that raged in her heart, did not j hesitate a moment. She came of a race that I knew not what fear meant. At the earliest J possible moment she and her daughters 1 entered a carriage and were driven up town, j Tbe young girls stared in wonder at tbe I troopB and other evidences of a vast disturb- | ance, and when they saw Madison Square I filled with cavalry bor sea, they exclaimed, I aloud : j 1 Oh, mamma, see !' ' j I 4 Yes,' eaid their mother sternly,' 4 and j I mark it well. Even these Northern people i I will not submit to the Lincoln tyrannv. He j may win a few brief triumphs, bnt the day is i near when our own princely leaders will ! dictate law and order everywhere. The hour i has already passed when he will have the i I South only to fight/ and in her prejudice and I | ignorance she believed her words to be absolutely infallible. Strahan met them as they entered, and re ceived but a cold greeting from the lady. 4 Wfaereia Willard ?' she asked, hasiily. 4 Mrs. Merwyn, you must prepare yourself for a great shook. Your son Her mind was prepared for bnt one great disaster ; and her Belf-oontrol at last giving way, she almost s> risked : I o ' 1 baa he taken Mine against the | South ? 4 Mrs. Merwyn.' replied 8trahan, 4 is that J the worst that could happen ?' j A sadden and terrible dread smote the I prond woman, and she Bank into a chair j while young Estelle Merwyn rushed upon I Strahan, and, seizing bis hand, faltered, in a I whisper : j _ — 18 ' hut she could proceed no | further. I ' > hut he soon will- be. unless reason and affection control your actions and words. Yoor family physician i« here, Mrs. Merwyn. and I trust you will be guided by his counsel/ J | 'Send him to me,' gasped tbe mother. Dr. Henderson soon eame, and explained in part what had occurred. 4 Ob, those Yosburghs ! exclaimed Mrs. Merwyn, with a gesture of unspeakable revolt at the state of affaire. 4 Well,' she added, with a stem face, 4 it my place and not a strangers to be at my son's sfde.' 4 Pardon me, madam ! you cannot go to yoor son at all in your present mood. In an emergency like this a physician is autocrat, and your son's life hangs by a hair/ 4 Who has a better right— who can do more for a child than a mother ?' , \Pai ri»on!d be true, but—' and he hesitated m etnbftrrAMmant «a.. . ... _ j than eonoiaded, firmly, 4 your son is not ex- I Peflttng you, and agitation how might be fatal j There are other reasons whioh you I will Boon understand.' J 4 There Is one thing I already understand, I a nameless stranger is with him, and I am I kept away.' ' M,bs , Y®8JQr£h 58 no 8 nameless stranger,1 said Strahan, « and she is affianced to your eon.' 4 Oh, heaven, I shall go mad 1' the lady ?K pi!8 I_ conflicting emotions | sweeping through her heart. ,Mw!n»,8aidI)r- I take tbe oounsei of an old friend. Distracted as you naturally are with all these unexpected and terrible events, you must recognise the troth thai I condition to take upon you the eare of your son now. He would not know you, I fear. I yet J_"V0106 fn,8htl agitate himr fatally. I do I thai 22.81 180 uimj bat 1 d0 '"bid I S i y ? houd 8PBk to him now, and I j do ' an8wer 'or the consequences if you I "n mnJJ' ?a maet be patient I Eatelle f w?// ender80n arisen/ cried tt»Atf HA ;» riTh T?U &re; oalm» J00 »ee tnn wnni/i , anything should happen j you would never forgive yourself.' . ,h® m«th?1r.'« bi»« protest w>8 p„dng I ooldly ; ' bDt 6h8 on>J «»C .h:,Te7" nil """h rnr deorees I !rt»U g to my room ud wait |UI I om mmmoned, and abo row sod left ih apartment, followed by her rider idAoghter, a Silent, Vetioent girl, whose spirit ber motber had apparently queeehed. Estelle lingered until they had gone, and then she turned to Btrahan, who eafd, »ith an attempt at a smile, 1 1 can eoaroely realise that this is the little girl that ! Used to play j with and tease.' I But she heeded not his words. Her large, lustrous eyes were dim with tears as she asked, faltetingly : ' 4 Tell me the truth, Mr. Strabran, do you think my brother is very ill V j 4 Yes/ he replied, sadly, 4 and I hope I may j be permitted to remain as one of his watchers. I He to6k care of me last winter, in an almost I mortal illness, and I would gladly do him a J like eerviee.' j 1 But you are hurt. Your arm is in a j sling/ j 4 My wound is healing, and I oould sit by j your brother's side as well as elsewhere/ 1 You shall remain,' said tbe girl, em" j phatically. 4 1 have some of mamma's spirit. I if not all her prejudices; Is this Miss I Yosburgh such a fright ?' 4 1 regard ber as the fnoblest and most beautiful girl I ever saw.' I 4 ©h, yoa do V ! 'Yes/ 4 Weil, I shall go and talk reason to mamma, for sister Berts yields to everything without a word.' You must stay, and I shall do my share of watching as soon as the doctor permits/ Mre. Merwyn thought that she would remain in her room as she had said, but the ! | fountains of the great deep in her bouI were breaking up. She found that the mother in | ber heart was stronger than the partisan. She ! muBt see ber son. At last she sent Thomas for Dr. Henderson again, and obtained permission to look npon ber child. Bitter as the physician knew the I experience would be, it might be salutary, j With noiseless tread she crossed the threshold, j and saw Marian's pure, pals profile ; ebe I drew a few steps, nearer ; the young girl j turned and bowed gravely, then resumed her I watch. For the moment Merwyn was j silent, then in a voice all too distinct, he j said : I Hrflftl nnnafnml mnth fn »r»h #» I i wivvuvai ww xvw ujq %ji 1 my manhood, to chain me like one of her ! slaves ; Jeff Davis and Empire are more to , ber than husband or eon.' j The oonsoienoe-Btricken woman covered j her face with her hands, and glided away. As by a lightning flash the reason why she had forfeited her plaoe by the couch o( ber son was revealed. Chapter LIII. — Missy S'wannee.' There is no need of dwelling long on sub- | Bequent events. Our story has already in- : dicated many of them. Mrs. Merwyn's bitter lesson was emphasised through many weary days. She hovered about her son like a j remorseful spirit, but dared not speak to him. She had learned too well why her voioe might cause fatal agitation. For a time she tried j to ignore Marian, bnt the girl's gentle dignity and profoond sorrow, and her untiring I faithfulness, conquered pride at last, and the mother, with trembling lips, asked forgive I ness and besought affeotlon. Blauvelt arrived in town on the evening of I the day just described, nronnninor tn I services to the city authorities, meanwhile cherishing the secret hope that he might see Marian. He at last found Strahan at J Merwyn's home. The brother offioers talked I long and earnestly, but, while both were reticent concerning their deeper thoughts. I kltAlf jlntk AL a. _ — - X 5 _ I sua a ?eorei aream was over for ever. Marian came down and gave her hand to the artist soldier in warm pressure as she said : 4 My friends are loyal In my time of need.' He lingered a day or two ia the city, satisfied himself that the insurrection was over, then went home, hade his old mother I good-bye, and joined his regiment. He was j soon transferred to the staff of a general fiffiMF. AVld Mrvra m«U - J - \- — uuuuur auo amino- tion to tbe end of tbe war. Mrs. Yosbnrgh joined her husband ; and the awful peril through whioh he and her daughter had passed awakened in her a deeper sense of real life. In contemplation of the Mmreasureable lose whioh she might have iustftinod she iofttBed to vaIqq bettor wb&t; j she possessed. By Estelle'a tact it was arranged that she could often see Marian without embarra«8nient. So far as her nature permitted the shared in her husband's I boundless solicitude for Merwyn. j Warm-hearted Estelle was soon consoious I of a Bister's affection for the girl of her brother s choice, and shared her vigils. She I became also a very good friend to Strahan, and entertained a seoret admiration for him, well hidden, however, by a brusque, yet delicate raillery. I But Strahan believed that the romanoe of nis me was over, and he eventually joined his zegiment with some reokless hopes of stopping a bullet,' as he phrased it. Gloomy cynicism, however, was not his forte ; and when, before the year was oat, he was again promoted, he found that life was anything bnt a burden, althoogh he was so ready to risk it. Ar tbe 8ht of reason dawned in fZTX - He reo?8niBed Marian, SS 2 J -n' a U18t rifiep. Then, awakening, he aaiu to her : 4 You kept vour shonih darle' not leave roe. I Bhould have died if you bad. I think r Sew'ulKme 8t oon,oion"M1" J00 vZ: .FD "foW lHim his oath. Even as a devoted husband whinh h (Mdla ,h ,00nd hin» >00 ready to go the front. Hb annrnrr untxl ,or dialinotio/ >? eD,«r "Poo datv in., err I ZZ A u . Fe",0o i bat he did it so well b"!'y th' hi« were recognised, and he was advanced. At la»t to his mother s horror, he reoeived a colonel's oomm'ssioojo . colored tegTm../ 8 Uany of Mr®. Merwyn'e tire loo. preindloe. Z e,£Tir .Od die nodned h/d ,8on»» S bo> she wm taught that toose and8..?8. 'S8 . mI8»»fe.t of homan j iorces, and at last admitted that bar son ar himeel'f. rish' 10 »hooea »nd aet 'for j Ifc. Vortmrgh (omaioed iq the city M the | I trusted agent of the Government antiliho dose of the war, and then was transferred tn Washington. Every year cemented his friendship with Merwyn, and tbe two men corresponded so faithfully that Marisn declared she was jealous. Each knew how ever, that their mutual regard and good cord radeship was one of her deepest source of hapoiness. While her husband was ah8ent Marian made the country hcuee on the Hudson her residenoe; but in many wavg | she sought opportunities to rednce the awful sum of anguish entailed by tbe war. She often lured Estelle from the city as her com panion, even in bleak, wintry weather Here Strahan found her when on a leave of absence in the last >ear of the war, and he soon learned that he had another heart to ioBe. Marian was disoreetly blind to his direct and soldier like siege. Indeed, she proved the best of allies, aware that the yonng soldier's time was limited. Estelle was elssive as a mocking spirit of the air until the last day of his leave was expiring, and then lauehinclv admitto/i I she had eurrendered almost two years before, j Of the bumble oh&ractere; in my story it ii j sufficient to eay that Zeb barely survived and was helpless for life. Pensions from' I Merwyn Bnd Lane secured for him aDd his mother every comfort. Barney Ghecban eventually recovered, and resumed bis duties on the police force. He often said : Ohf I'm prood to wear the uniform that Misther Merwyn honoured.' I have now only to outline tbe fortunes of Captain Lane and 4 Missy S'wannee,' and then take leave of my reader, supposing that he has bad the patience to accompany me thus far. f / « Lane's wound, re opened by hiB exertions in escaping to Washington, kept him helpless od a bed of suffering during the riots, and for weeks thereafter. Then be was granted a Jong furlough, which he spent chiefly with his family at the North. Like Strahan, he fet that Merwyn bad won Marian fairly. So far was he from oberisbing any bitterness that he reoeived bis sooceesfnl rival within the circle of bis nearest friends. By being sincere, true to nature and conscience Marian retained, not only tbe friendship and I . "r— vi iuvere, DDi aiso ner encoblinff influence over them. While they saw that Merwyn was supreme, they also learned that j they would never be dismissed with indif ference from her thoughts ; that she would follow tbem through life with an affectionate interest and good-will scarcely less than ebe would bestow on brothers cradled in the same home with herself. Lane, with his steadfast J nature, would maintain this relaticn more j oio ely than the others, but the reader haa already guessed that he would eeek to give I ?n? CODSMtion elsewhere. Suwanne I "ak"a4e bad awakened his strongest evm- patby and respect, and the haunting thought that ebe, like himself, had given her love apparently where it could not be returned | made her seem- akin to himself in the deepest and saddest experience. Gradually, and almost unconsciously, he gave his thoughts so ner, and began to wonder when and how they should meet again, if ever. He wrote to her several times, but obtained no answer, no assurance that his letters were received. When he was fit for duty again, bis regiment was in the Weat, and it remained there until the Close of thn war n_ . - w uaviUK CTCULUBUV ! attained to its command. As soon 88 he oould oontrol his own move ments, he resolved to settle one question before be resumed the quiet pursuit of his profession — he would learn the fate of o wannee, Heeuring a strong, fleet horse, he left Washington, and rode rapidly through a region that had been trampled I mu110-!! 0 a deeer by thfi iron heel of war. he May son was low in the west when he turned from the road into tbe extended lawn u be ®ardale mansion. kittle beyond onsightiy stamps was left cf the beautiful groves by whioh it had been bordered. Vividly his memory reproduced tbe eame hour now years since, when be had ridden up that lawn at the head of his troopers, his snore flftfibinff S«t aKa al. ta I , © — AjQ Ol VUG flUU, Ah seemed ages ago, so muoh had happened; jut through all the changes and perils tbe I 8 ® Sootbern girl when she opened 6 waT or his escape had been vibrating in stronger and tenderer chords in the depths cf his soul. It had awakened dreams and imaginings whioh, if dissipated, would leave hut a busy, practical life, as devoid cf romanoe ae the law-tomes to which be would fill k- ?Dght®8 wa8 natural, therefore, J1!? Bho.uId beat '« aa bG bed aolotion of a question bear ing so vitally on all hie future. He concealed himself and his horse behind some low, shrubby trees that had been too insignifioant for tbe camp fires, long since burned out, and vcanned the battered dwell ing. No man of liffl ©Kim U « msfl I ;!Dt Prooteed anA end his suepenee at J . wb en a kdy, clad in mourning, came ?«..?» 884 dow? on verandah. Hfl | instantly recognised Suwannee. I " a 'ew Moments Lane could scarcely in?i0?-0ra8 Woaoh. The surround- j g desolation, her badges of bereavement and ««« J' gaVVh8 ye girl the dignity and saoredness of immeasurable misfortune. She 0 ad ®a®8 so abounded in joyous, spirited | life, now seemed emblematical of her own ar- wasted and unhappy land— one to whom the past and the dead were more than the j future and the living. Would she receive him? Would she torgive him, one of the authors of her people's I determined to end hit A0de8iowly Awards her, that she might not be startled. I in n!L?K!i85edid Dot reflo«owe the stranger aniw K If888 wbo WB8 etill more die- SlfrnA 5 fif8 hu Bbe rose and approached tbe verandah steps to meet him. a a ?hen ebe gave a S?' 8Bd a qaiok fla8h passed over her Then, as if by the sternest effort, ebe i qaH di«aified bea» aa Bha j L»,lYT?jSxm ?aroa Wonder, Captain Lane, j P recognise you before.' He bad . ? stood uncovered before her, I 2?f-Ce 1 1 re8re that I have no one to take your horse, and no plaoe to efcable f U»-/r yoQKelf I still offer saoh hospitality as my home affords.1 rlj0® chilled mid embarrassed. H« : «»«« not speak to her la like distant an | formal manner, and ha reedved that he would not. However it might end, ha would be true to his own heart and impulses. He threw the reins on fthq "horse's neck oaring not what became of him, and, steppine to her side, he said, impetuously 4 1 never doubted that I should receive hospitality at your home— that is refused to no one ; but I did hope for a different greeting. Again there was a qoiok, auroral flush, and then, with increased pallor and coldness, she' asked : Have I failed in courtesy Y 4 No.' What reason have you to expect more Y Because, almost from the first hour we met I had given you eBteem and reverence as a ncble woman ; because I promised you honest friendship, and have kept my word,' Still more coldly she replied : ' I fear there can be no friendship between as. My father and brothers lie in. nameless graves in your proud and triumphant North, and my heart and hope are hurled wlshtbem My mother has sines died, . broken- Hearted ; Roberta's husband, the colonel you sent to prison, is a crippled soldier, and both are so impoverished that thev know not hn« in live, and yoa, you have been so busy in help ing those who eaased these woes that you evidently forgot the once light hearted girl whom you first saw on this verandah. Why speak 'of friendship, Captain Lane, when rivers of blood flow between as— rivers fed from the veinB of my kindred V Her word? were so stern and sad that Lane eat down on the stepB at her feet and buried his facs in his hands. His hope was wither ing, and his tongue paralysed in the presence of each grief as hers. She softened a little as she looked down npon him, and after a moment or two resamed : 4 1 do not blame yon personally, I must try to be just in ray bitter sorrow and despair. You proved long ago that you were obeyiog your oonscienoe ; but you who oooqaer cannot know the hearts of the cooqaered, Yoar home does not look like mioe ; your kiodred are waiting to welcome you with plaudits. You have everything to live for— honour, prosperity, and love. For, doubtless, loog before this the ooid-hearted Northern girl has been won by tbe fame of your achievements. Think of me as a ghost, doomed to bannt these desolate scenes where onoe I was happy.' 4 No,' he replied, springing ts his feet, (I shall think cf you as the woman I love. Life shall not end so unhappily for us both ; for if you persist in year morbid emnity, my future will be as wretched as yours. You judged me unheard, and yoa wrong me cruelly. I have never forgotton you for an hour. I wrote to you again and again, ana received no answer. The moment £ was released from the iron rule of military duty in the West I sought you before returning to the mother who bore ma. No river of blood Sows between us that my love would not bridge. 1 admit that I was speechlesB at first bef re the magnitude of yoor sorrows, but muat this accursed war go on for ever, blighting life and hope? What was the wound you did so much towards healing compared to the one you are giving me now ? Many a blow has been aimed at me, bat not ' one has pierced my heart before.' She tried to listen rigidly and coldly to his impassioned utterance, but could not; and, as he ceased, she was sobbing in her chair. He sought with gentle words to soothe her, but by a gesture she silenced him. At la6t she Baid, brokenly, 4 For months I have not shed a tear. My heart and brain ssem bursting, yet I oonld get no relief. Were it not for some faith and hope in God I should have followed my kindred. Yon cannot know, you never can know.1 4 1 know one thing, Suwannee. You were onca a brave, unselfish woman. I will not, I cannot, believe that you have parted with your noble, generous impulses. You may remain cold to me if I merely plead my oaoss for yoar sake, that I may bring conso lation and healing into your life ; but I still have too much frith in your Urge, warm, Southern heart to believe that you will blight my lite also. If you oan never love me, give me the right to be your l»y»l and helpful friend. Giving you all that is best and most sacred in my nature, hew can you send me away as if I had no part or lot in yoor life? It is not, cannot be true. When I honour you and would give my life for you, and shall love you all my life, it is abaurd to say that I am nothing to you. Only embodied selfish- ness and callousness oonld say that. You may not be able to give what I do, but you should give all you oan. 44 Rivers of blood flowiog between us" is morbid noneecee. rorcisa ma f'nol T .naalr otrnnnlv T - fppl etrongly. My soul is in my words. I felt towards my cause as you towards yours, and had I not acted as I have, yon would be the firBt to think me a oraven. But what has all this to do with the saored instinct, the pnre, unbounded love which oompeis me to seek you as my wife?' 'You have spoken suoh words to another, ehe said, in a low tone. 'No. Never such words as I speak to y m. I could not have spoken them, for then I was too young and immature to feel them. I did love Mies Yosburgh as sincerely as I uow respect and esteem her. She ie the happy wife of another man. I speak to you from the depths of my matured manhood. What is more, I speak with tbe solemnity and troth which your sorrows Bhould inspire. Should you refuse my hand, it will never be offered to another, and you know well enocgh to be sure I will keep my word. ' Oh. oan it be right ?' said the girl, wring ing her hands. ' One question will settle all. Can you return my love ?' With that query light came into her mind as if from heaven. She saw that suoh love as theirs was the supreme motive, tbe supreme obligation. She rose and fixed her lovely, tear-gemmed eyes npon him search- logly. as she asked : ' Would you wed me, a beggar, dowered oclv with sorrow and bitter memories?" 'I will wed yon, Suwannee Barkdale, or 00 Olig, ' ' There,' ehe said, with a wan smile, holding her hand, 1 the North has oonquered again ' ' Suwannee,' he said, gravely and gently, aa he caressed the head bowed upon his breast, Met us begin aright. For oetwotjhfiw ! W jw one loftfcn. »a. I auaac me eo narrow and tmreasohable as4p expect that youfhoqld think as l do on many ques tions. Still more, gayer imagine tha l ehall CQide you, even In my thoughts, for love of your kindred apdpeople, or the belie! that thoy honestly and heroically did what seemed to thorn their duty. When you thought yourself «uoh a hopeless litsle sinner and I discovered you to be a saint, did I not apmit that your patriotic impulses were as sincere as my own ? As it has often been in the past, time will settle all questions between yoar people and oars, and time and a better knowledge of each other will heal oar mutual wounds. M wish to remove fear and distrust of the immediate future from ydUr mind, however- I musk take you to a Northern home where I ban work for yon in my pro fession, but yon 'oan be yonr own true self there — just what yon were when yon first won my honour and esteem. The memory of your brave father and brothers shall be saored to me as well asto yoa. . I shall expect yoa to change your feelings and opinions nnder no other compulsion than that of yonr own lesaya auu conscience snail ycu fear to go with me now? I will do every thing that you can sBk if you will oaiy bless me with yoar love.' 4 I never dreamed before that it could be so s-veet to blesB an enemy,' ehe said, with a gleam of her old mirthf olness, and I have i dreamed aboot . it. Oa, Fenton, I loved you unsought, and the truth nearly killed me at first, but I came at i&st; to be a little proud of it, You were so brave, yet considerate, so fair and generous towards us, that you banished my prejudices, and you won my heart by believing there was some good in if after all.' A white- shook of wool, surmounting a wrinkled visage appeared at the door, and the old cook said: 4 Missy S'wannee, dere's nuffi' in de house for supper but a little caws-meair Oh, bress de Ltwd ! if dera a<n't Cap'n Lane !' 'Give us a hoe-bake, then,' cried Lane, shaking the old woman's hand. 4 1 d rather sup with your mistress to-night on corn-meal than sit down to the grandest banquet you have ever prepared in the past. In the morning I'll forage 'for breakfast.' 4 Bress de Lawd '.'said the old woman, as she hobbled away. 4 Good times coming now. If I could jes' hear Missy S'wannee larf onoe mo1 ' — and then she passed beyond hearing. 4 Yes, Suwannee, if I oonld only hear your old, Bweei laugh oooe more,' Lane pleaded. 4 Not yet, Fenton, not yet — some day.' (THE END.) 