ALE LATE ARCHBISHOP OF " MELBOURNE. THE MONTH'S MIND. _The " month's memory" of the late Arch bishop of Melbourne was celebrated yester day. idi St.- Patrick's Cathedral, which again -displayed emblems of mourning on the altars, the pulpit, and the communion rail. Ten o'clock was the hour appointed for the opening of the office for the dead, and. at that time '_about 3.000 persons had assembled irithin the ' building. Seventy-five priests .from various -colonial dioceses took part inithe -chanting of 'the'ofice, and as they filed-out bofthe sacristy, crossed 'the sanctuary, andt.k . p ,pth-eir:. ".allotted seats around -th'e catafalque. the S"Dead March" was played on tie organ, the. S:wholdeofthe congregation standing. -Foilow lug the priests in the pricesoibi cime- the" SRight Rev: Dr. Murphy (Bishop- of Hobart).. "the Right Rev. Dr. Reynolds (Bishop of SAdelaide), the. Right Rev. Dr. Mbrray (Bishop of Maitland), and -the Right Rev. Dr. Reville, Coadjutor-Bishop of Sandhurst. Then camethe Cardinal Archbishopof Sydney, attired In a scarlet soutane and s red biretta. ' The' Cardinal having beeni seated;- on the throne, the-chantiig of the "1Oci nm De functorarit" was commenced, the clergy on '.the right of the .eatafalque being `led by. the :Rev. P. J. Aylward, andthose on the left by Rev. J.. Iiegaity. D- $e `4ie" vistEtig prelates occupied wit the sanctuary, where also sat *0h tori? - Knights of St. Gregory t,? at, Dr Brownlessand Mr W.II, Archeir. The once having closed with 'the siig of` the Benedictis," a solemn-IRequie ' wiras offered up by the Bishop of Aaelaide, " with the Venerable Archprie#QftMeard a as asist tant priest, the Rev. Dr. rbett -as ideacon, Dean England as subdeacon, and Dean -Donaghy as master of cere onies. The :incidental music on these occasionsifirsually ' supplied by an unaccompanied c orus of the .clergy, but yesterday a large chA.riof city and suburban vocalists attended at the rendering of Mozart's sublime Requiem Mass. This renowned work was-}eeard-for-thi-rst \- time in Melbourne yesterday, and r W. R. 'Furlong, the conductor of the cathedral choir, is to be congralated on the completeness with which it was produced. The music is of the most lofty and impressive character, having 'been composed by Mozart undei the influence _of a presentiment that it would .,be: his last Swork on earth, as, indeed, it proved: to be, A portion of it was actuallyv wittbai on his Adeath-bed The setting of the hym ,' Dies ire, dies illa," is particularly maj?etic and dramatic in its character, themusic teing a striking reflex of the solemnity of the' words. The solo parts were well sustained by.Signora Coy, Miss O'Hanlon, Signor Coy, and Mr ,W. R. Furlong, whilst Messrs A Harley and' !Sykes did duty at the organ. When the mass had concluded tle Very Rev.-T:. Cahill, S.J., ascended the plit and pronounced a panegyric on the deceasedepre late He chose as his text the seventh and ;eighth verses of the .ourth chapter of the .ifourth chapter of the Second Epistle of St. .'-Paul to Timothy:-" I have fought a good fight; I have finished my course; .I have -kept the faith. As to the rest, there:is laid up for me a crown of justice, which the Lord, the just judge, will render to me in that day." A month ago, he said, with sorrowing.hearts and tearful eyes, they saw the grave close over the mortal remains of the first arch =bishop of Melbourne. The vast crowd=:which filled the cathedral, and the still largerCcrowd which could- not find place withiin itc'wall, proved how wide-slpread wa~s the feeling of sorrow, and how sincere the desire to honour St~he memory of the great and good man who .had passed away. In the crowd were seen / 'thousand?_who belonged hot to the Catholic Churcli. By their presence they desired to honour the memory 'of the deceased arch .bishop, and to express sympathy' with their 'Catholic brethren in 'their sorrow, and lhey Smight bei assured that' their Gatholic brethrenl were graMteful for their presence aiid for their sympathy. On that day, which was one of mourning for the Catholic Church in Vic toria, and in all Australia. they w~ere op " pressed by the thoriught of the greatnness of the loss which they had sustained. They could look back wi"h gratitude a~i- with pride on the life anid w orks ofrthe firstarh hishop of Melbouri-e. His eareei?'woild occdupy a" large space in the history of the Catholic Church in- Australia. It -oirldc .be'for the historian to describe: in detil t?iat pontificate of 38 years. He coild but treat of a few of its more imnportai-t event~s ajl ? ,indicate its spirit. Ih seeied to him that the words in which St. Paul, the most perfect I model pf the Christian bishop, described his E own career, and told what were his hopes 1 when that career was drawing to a. close, might be most fitly applied- to the apostolic 1 career of the Most Reverend James Alipius 1 Gobld, the first archbishop. The apostle, for 1 the edification and guidance of the future bishops of the Catholic Church, was com pelled by the spirit.ofGod to write regarding I' his own apostolic career things which, in his : humility, he would have left unwritten. In I the wards which he had cited the apostle founded his hopes of future reward on two - things which distinguished his apostolic 4 life, fidelity and courage. When the late archbishop arrived here in 1848 he had but i half-a-dozen priests to assist him, hardly any *1 churches had been erected, and the Catholics 4 of the diocese of Melbourne numbered but a few hundreds. And now, after the lapse of 1 one generation, they saw in Melbourne a magnificent cathedral which promised one day to rival the historical cathedrals of older lands,:and all over this colony they saw chiiýcles, schools, and religious houses thickly studded.- -Their departed prelate had the courage to undertake the building of that -vast cathedral, and the erection of so many other houses devoted-to religion end charity, because he knew his people. He knew well the strength of their inherited faith. The words of the apostle, "I have fought the good fight," most strikingly illustrated the clharac ter of the late archbishop. In the year 1872 there commenced in this colony a war between + -secularism and Christianity, and from the . beginning of that struggle to the day of his' death, Dr. Goold cotftinuously manifested ;his zeal and courage in fighting the battle of 4 Christ. They could recall the strong words with which his Grace had condemned the secular system of education in this colony at ' its very inception, but, in the light of the Iheavy responsibilities of a Christian bishop, the words 'of condemnation were not too strong. With his mind illuminated by the light of God, the Christian bishop saw in the secularism of the day the germs of anarchy, . socialism, and the attempted destruction of civilized society. The Christian religion was the only efficient guardian and preserver of social order in the world. There must inevitably be periods of 'depres sion in trade and manufactures from time to time, during which workmen would be thrown out of employment, and subjected to poverty and suffering. If during those periods of depression the working classes had not learnt the patience under difficulties and misfortunes inculcated by. the Christian religion, they would come to look upon those in authority as tyrants, and social distur bances would ensue.. Hence the prime im portance of implanting in the mind from the earliest age those Christian precepts of patience under trials, and submission to law ful authority. It was against this growing ' evil of secularism that their late archbishop ,.-had perpetually warred. He loved his flock, ,and in a special manner did he love the little ones of the flock. He looked upon -therm as a sacred trust committed to his: .charge by God. It rwas -in their interests, rand for their welfare that he offerefd such uncompromising opposition to the legislation `of secularism of:-this country. He did 'not lite to see the crowning victory f the strgggle in whfichia; 1T6 d uo long been en-, " Bat they all hoped, as. the archbishop always hoped, that the: struggle" would one ; day come to an end. Catholic emancipation in the old country was delayed for -a long 'time, but -after many disappointments the. 'triumph came at last. -Within our own time the great empire of Germany had ar rayed all its strength and power against the Catholic Church, with the result that now the struggle was over, and the author of the LMay laws was seen doing homage to the Vicar of Jesus Christ. Andsoitwouldone day be with the struggle between secularism and I Christianity in this colony. He would urge "the Catholics of the arch-diocese of Melbourne to enshrine in their hearts the lesson taught %Ty tlie life and death of their first archbishop -ifidelity to the Catholic faith. Hie would exhort them to be renewed in their courage, Sto continue the good fight, to march on in confidence in the certainassurance of ultimate victory.- Let them all prove themselves to be good Catholics, and worthy children of their Church. Thus they would be imitating 4the example of their first archbishop, and, I like him, would receive the crown of 'eternal I life. SThe anthem, "Libera me Domine," 'having Sbeen sung, and the Cardinal having pro nounced the final absolution, the- ceremonial r terminated. In the evening the cathedral was densely V crowded, it having been announced that the Cardinal would then deliver his first public address in this city. He chose as his text the following words from the 28th chapter of the gospel according to St. Matthew :-" All power is given to me in heaven and in earth; go ye, therefore, teach all nations, baptising Sthem in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have cornm manded you; and behold I am with you all Sdays, even to the consummation of the world." These words, he said, were the 1 charter of the Church's authority, and the covenant of Heaven's blessing to the end of time; The disciples to whom these words were addressed by the Saviour of the wotid were.not sent to any particular nation, but were comnmissioned to spread the kingdom of :od throughout the world. And their law fully appointed successors for all time were Sinvested with the same divine.commission ,to .preach and~to teach. Human empires and dynasties I:ass away with the revolving ages, but the spiritual kingdom of Christ upon earth \- was to suffer no change' or eclipse. The suc-; cessors of the early disciples would be the de p-sitoriesofthe powersof Christandthe heralds Sof divine truth until the consummation of the world. The spiritual Kingdom of Christ on' Searth had one visible centre in the successor? \- of St. Peter ft Romue, the 'chief pastor to rule \- over the whole flock, and the great central authority whom all must obey. That day and during the past four weeks, they had :been lamenting the loss of a good and great [man, who had worthily exercised the spiritual I postolate if their midst for we!l nigh .foirty years. They were. mnourning the loss of a spiritual father and a true and faithful shep-. herd of the flock whom'he had been appointed to govern..: The whole Australian church mourned his loss, for he was indeed a pillar iof strength and an ornament, of their holy' :ii . . - . . . :.: . religion. It was not easy to estimate - the amount of good that had been accomplished by James Alipius Goold during his half-cen tury of active Christian work on this con tinent. When Dr. Goold returned from his first visit to Rome and landed at Sandridge he walked from that suburb to the church of St Francis, in- Lonsdale street,- without meeting a solitary building. Since that time a great and magnificent city had sprung into existence on the silent land then traversed by Dr. Goold, and amongst the buildings of the populous Melbourne of to-day the churches, and colleges, and houses of religion that claimed the departed prelate as their founder were not the least conspicuous or the least important. The new dioceses of Ballarat and Sandhurst that were formed on his re commendation to the Sovereign Pontiff were fully equipped in every respect for the pro motion of religion and the salvation of souls. Though not a prelate at the time, it was Dr. Goold's,privilege to be 'honoured. with a'seat in the first Australian Synod held in Sydney in September, 1844.. It was worth noting that this synod was not only the first under 4he auspices of the church 'in Australia, but it was the first public Catholic synod held' in the British dominions since the Reforma tion. In other parts of the British Empire so much bigotry prevailed, so many delusions were afloat concerning the doctrines and dis cipline of the Catholic Church, that it-was found impossible for the bishops to assemble in public conference. Happily a great-many of those delusions had been dispelled, and Australia was entitled to the credit of being the first portion of the British dominions to throw no obstacles in the way of the prelates of the Catholic Church meeting in public conference. In the second-ynod or council, which met in Melbourne in°1869, Dr. Goold took a prominent part, and his princely hosl pitality won all hearts. Unfortunately the late archbishop was unable through infirmity to attend the third Council in Sydney- last" year. No less than five times did he visit Rome, the centre of authority, and he was a member of thaVatican Council of 1870-711, perhaps the greatest council in some respects that marked the history of the church. On that occasion he brought with -him to Rome several nuggets of Australian gold, and it was with these nuggets that the commemora tive medals presented to each of_ the 800 bishops who attended the council were made. The cardinal concluded with an earnest ad monition to the young members of the late archbishop's flock to be good,- practical Catholics, as Dr. Goold always desired them= to be, to illustrate their faith in their lives, to be ready to defend it when necessary, and to be living exemplars of the truth and the teaching of Jesus Christ. - At the close of his address the cardidal in vested 18 young men with the ribbon and medal of the sodality of the Blessed Virgin, and afterwards gave the benediction of the Blessed Sacrament. Several selections from Rossini's " Stabat Mater" were admirably rendered by the choir, under the conductorship of Mr W. R, Fur long.-Arguw, Thursday, July 15. 