THE COURTING OB' MARY SMITH. By F. W. ROBINSON, Author of 'Grandmother's Money,' 'Anne Judge, Spinster,' 'Little Kate Kirby,' 'The Black Speck,' 'Lazarus in London,' &C.; {Published by special arrangement 'with the author. ' All rights reserved.] BOOK II.— CASTLE LOVETT. Chafteb XVIII.— Coming Changes. . The next day Mrs. Dalrymple was ?eriously ill, and it was necessary to have doctors from Coalsby to see her. There - were alarming symptoms even— and-ll her energy in house hold management, in sallies against the strong hold of the servants' hall, ner gener*** ' fassi nesB in all directions and on all matters that did not seem to matter to anybody else, came ? suddenly to a full stop. The inmates of Castie Lovett did not know how busyshejhad been till . : she waB set apart front business and recom mended perfect quiet, complete absence from all excitement, and a. cheerful and clever nurse to attend to her and her manifold requirements. Mr. Lovett did not know how invaluable an. instrument Emma Dalrymple had been in keeping his large establishment in order, and controlling and managing a somewhat unruly staff of servants; in checking accounts and harassing the souls out of trades folk, who wanted their own way, and their bills and accounts settled their own way, till she was 'down;' and he was worried by all the home details which he did not understand, or want to understand, and which were sub mitted to him very persistently as the only one left to worry now. Jonathan Lovett had been an extraordinarily good business manager of a colossal mill and its thousands of operatives, but the business of Castle Lovett was beyond him. He became unsettled 'and morose; everything and every body seemed against him ; there were troubles on all sides hemming him in ; his - papers had been stolen by Jane Bebchain, and then taken away by Verity — if Bebcbain. were to be be- , ; lieved ; bis daughter had vanished, and had not been seen by her lover, who should have vanished with ner to render the story com plete ; and now his sister had fallen ill on pur pose to annoy him, he was sure. As if he had not enough troubles to bear without his sister Emma staking herself so supremely ridiculous —as if she couldn't keep up as well as he did — he who had so much more to bear, too ! Meanwhile not a stone was left unturned that might lead to the discovery of Verity Lovett, and money was poured ont like water, and spies, police, and a whole army of private enquiry foxes were taken into confidence aud eet to work in all directions save the right. They were commissioned at the same time -to keep an eye on Jane Bebchain, and be well posted up as to her whereabouts ; but Jane ReDchain, who had sent for her boxes, per sisted in living quietly and sedately at the village lying between Keccleson and Coalsby, keeping indoors the greater part - of the day, and reading a great many newspapers, it was noticed, as though anxious to find a good situation for herself amongst the advertisements. Enquiries as to the young man of the name of Driver, and whose address Mr, Lovett 'had registered on his left-hand shirtcuS, had certainly not turned out satis factorily, no one of that name being known at No. 74, Milkwhite Court ; but as lodgers were always coming and going in that locality, and the present owner oi the house was deaf, and suffering chronically from delirium tremens it was possible that Mr. Driver had ' been aud gone' without leaving the slightest impression upon the memory of his landlord. 'I did not expect anything else,' said Mr. Lovett to his informant ; 'lfs another of the Bebchain lies. Let her be, but keej? your eye upon her.' ' All right, sir.' But it was not particularly right anywhere. Eyes were kept on Jane Bebchain — all kinds of eyes— without any effect ; eyes were kept on Foster Deane even, and despite his straight forward explanation to Mr. Lovett ; eyes were glancing in various directions, and glittering with watchfulness from innumerable strange quarters ; but the mystery gathered gloom, and oppressed the minds of Mary Smith and Mr. Lovett, and retarded the recovery to. health of Mr. Lovetf s sister. ? She would not get well. She woold not take* things quietly — she was terribly full of fancies,, and beset by a spirit of unrest. ' I don't believe Verity is alive^' she saidito, Mary Smith, after a long waek of suspense and mystery, and ' no news,* and- wien there waro- faint signs of some imprawamenimtiffiinyAlid.;. ' she has been made a-way with, oi^bse brain, has given way, and she- has made away, witn. hereelf.' 'Pray don't think. tHafc,' srged Miny Smith 5 ' there is no reason to- distaess yosrselt with, thoughts so horribls.' ' There is 1— there is- L'* *nd here Mjs. DsU ryraple commencad tossHBgber headbadkwaiaa and forwards on her pillow in that, enetgetaa manne* which ted aggravated her brother to witness on the feat night of her attack i ' wa. are, a mad lot Whitis the use ql disgaiBingN thr»t we are. a mad family wfca» everybody knows it well enough— when we. know xt our selves? TneLovettshavealwajBbeeaasmad as March hares; the asylums, would have had fortunes oat oi us, only Jonathan 1% the first of ub who has ever had any money to spare for luxuries. But a heap of us. have gone, years and years ago, to lunatic wards of work houses and asylums— oh, I know 1 And so does. Jonathan, and that iB what makea him a« miserable, though he pretends he is just tha same as ever he was. As if he could 'bat And he's mad too, or else pretending to/be» : in taking it bo coolly— ana I believe J «n nearly off, and they'll be gUd to ab&vb; my liead in. a day or two— and I want to scream, ' ' and tS) keep on screaming, bo badly — and, on ! the dreadful language that comes into my mind 1 Everything that Jonathan has ever eaidfwhen he's been put out, and that's a lot, you know. And ? ' , . , ' , * Miry Smith placed her cool hand on the f ^ore lead of the prostrate woman. 'There, there! you have talked quiteenough for to-day,' she said, so very firmly that Mrs. Dalrymple stopped, as a child might have done under the reproof and the authority of a firm schoolmistress ;**youmustnotgoonin this way any mote.' ' I could talk for hours,' she murmured. 'Yon get hot and feverish, and then the doctor says it's my fault, and I do not under stand nursing, and must give place to a duly qualified nurse from London or Manchester — and you wouldn't like that, would you ?' asked Mary Smith. ' No. I shouldn't like you to leave me now. I could not bear that,' and the two hot hands came out of bed and clung to that of Mary Smith's; 'you mustn't go away till I am better.' ' Yon will try and keep quiet, then ?' 'Yes, IsmWtry.' ' For if my task gets too hard I must go, Mis. Dalrymple,' said Mary Smith; ' there 'will be no help for it.' ' I will be very quiet, for we cannot afford to lose you,' sue said ; ' I don't know how that is, for I was a long while before I liked you — years and years.' . 'There, there!' said Mary Smith very quickly, 'never minda bout the years before we were friends. Don't think about them. It is time yon went to sleep, and I will not allow another word.' Mrs. Dalrymple became silent, and after awhile dropped oS into a restless kind of slumber, in which she did a great deal of talk ing to make up for the interdict upon her speech in wakeful moments. When die was asleep it wasalwaysconsidered by the doctor judicious that Mary Smith should rest too, or take some change — for Mrs. Dalrymple was selfish in her sickness, and extra restless without Mary Smith to attend to her, and full of enquiries as to where she was, and of strange suspicions that she had left Castle Lovett for good, and of a general state of anxiety and alarm until her reappearance. Hence Mary Smith, having been replaced by Mrs. Hewitt, the old house keeper, went downstairs and into the garden for change of air and scene. It was 4 intiie afternoon, with the sun- shining and the birds - singing, and the branches of the green trees waving in the autumn breeze, and here it was pleasant to rest for awhile away from them all, 'and to doze oS now and then into dreamland, in the rustic summer-house, or on a garden seat in the park-land— or, if not disposed to sleep, to indulge in day- dreams of home, of her father and her London friends, of her book that was coming out, of the man who had gone away wishing good luck to it, and who had left Dids in trust to her— Dids whom'she had not yet seen, and could not -get to see. And then the day-dreams would be dissipated by the thoughts of Verity Lovett, and of all the grim foreboding which were troubling the aunt -within doors, and which perforce most trouble her too. On that particular afternoon her day-dreams were not to last long, for Jonathan Lovett, * seeing her from the window of bis library — Jull of books that he never read, and the titles on whose backs he did not even know — came tramping slowly after her like a man anxious for company. '? Was it fancy, Mary Smith thought, ashead varccd towards her, or had he aged within the last few days? He was surely not quite so grey, not quite so stooping as that, and he did not step out quite so freely— -there was a sus picions shuffling along the gravel path, as though he came along with difficulty. And there was not so much life on the rugged face which, despite its habitual -sternness of expres- . * son, had always a light on it, as of a clear intellect and a bright thought or two behind it. He would not have liked to be told that afternoon that it was a sad face, but it was, and Mary Smith feared he might be breaking down by degrees. 'My sister is asleep, Miss Smith?' he asked as be advanced. - *'Yes$ sleeping very eotmdly.' .; He sat down beside her, at the further ex- ' tremity of the long garden seat, away from her, and drew patterns on the gravel with the ferule of the stick he had brought out with him. 'I am glad- of that,' he said in reply to her communication ; she is a terrible bother when \- she is restless. I-can'fc bear to see her myself. That's why I keep away as much as I can. I cannot do her any good. ** No,' assented Mary Smith. - 'Has she been asking for me?' 'No, she has not.' 'Talking abont me V .V 'She talks of everyone— and very wildly, ?'' poor thing.' ? ' Oh ! yon must not take any. notice-of what she says at those times,' he remarked. ''People ' talk a lot of staff and nonsense when they are eg their heads.' 'Naturally.' _ ' Naturally,' he repeated. ' I shall be glad when she is better. She has upset the house' altogether by taking- to her bed. The doctors \- eay she mRbe bjtter in a few days, but they * flon't eeem to know much more about her case than I do, But lam impatient, and anxious ?-. - *o seeher geton.' Mary Srcith did not feel called upon to reply, ' , . and after a while Mr. Lovett pontinued — . 'She is a terrible trial to you, I expect.' 'Ob, no! I only wish I could be of greater , ''-- service to her.' . . . ? . ' You ore of service, The doctors say so.' : 'I am.glad to hear that.' ..- . 'But they think .yon are overdoing it,' he 1 added blnnny, 'and so do I. A qualified j nurse — — ' ?? ! ' I have studied nursing. That is one of any accomplishments, you know,' j : ? ' 'I don't know. I remember something abcut it in your testimonials,' he said, ' but that is no reason why you should, be quite so ;-? .much of a slave and knock yourself up by ; :. this. I .dont want anybody else HI in my house just at present.' ' ' This might have been taken- as -a friendly little jest If be bad looked less grimly at her and stared a little less. ? ' 'So I have telegraphed for another nurse,' r he continued; 'and Mrs. Dalrymple must . - make the best of her that she can. I thought -.. I would come out and tell you at once, so that ~ ? you canireak the iiewfl toner.' - . ;?* ' It will excite her very much, I fear.' j ? . 'She will soon get need to it. You can ': explain— the doctors will explain— the neces \- aityoftbis. Besides, 'he added, 'if SBettled; ; r and there's an end of it.' i 'It is. very kind of you to think of me in this ! ;.- -.' ' way, but Xsnould have been glad tokeep on as - '?-,_ yre were. Mrs. Hewitt ? ' \--.-'. ?' 'Is an old fool — she always has been.' \--- ' And the worst is over,' she concluded. ,V , 'Who says so J' ]\ ? 'The doctors.' 'They haven't said as much to me,' he ' : muttered. \- ' I see a change for the better in her myself.' \ ? ? '? I'd rather believe you than the doctors,' he said gruffly j' well, I shall be glad when slue's \- - abont again.' 'Yes.' ' And then,' he added looking so thought \- fully at Mary Smith that our heroine felt a v trifle uncomfortable beneath his gaze. ~f .??', 'And then?' she repeated slowly and in ':..; terrogatively. ''-' 'You will go away, I suppose V j. 'Yesj I shall go back to father.' * ' You needn't be in too much of ahnrry about :: .' that,' he said ; ' you were engaged as a com ' : : panion to my daughter, but I don't quite see ?'.- why you shouldn't be Mrs. Dalrymple'scora ?.; panion instead.' Mary Smith shook her head. \- .. *' Not -when she is well and strong again; '- - oh, no ! that would sot do,' she said em ' phatically. 'She will want some one to keep her V company,' he said; 'we must have some ?- one.' ' There is yourself.' 'XII take precious good care I don't have too much of her, 'he said bluntly ;' lam about * a good deal,' he said, meeting Mary Smith's enquiring glance, and by way of extenuation of his preceding remark ; 'I shall travel more presently— I shall be everywhere almost, and I don't like Hie idea of leaving her here alone - aw—' ?'..'.. ' NoiFVerity is gone. But Verity will re tarn— will be found soon.' 'Idotftwant to talk of Verity,' he said lertleesly; 'she will not come back— she hates us too ranch— *he is -with the actor after all, for. what we know. 'I dont want to talk of her. Why did you bring her name np just as I was saying— what was I saying, I wonder?' 'You did not like the idea of leaving Mrs. Dalrymple alone— when she is better again,' Idaiy Smitii reminded him. * 'Oh, yes 3'he«aid, 'ao,moreldo; anSif you have to earn your living as a companion, . Mifs Smith, here is a comfortable home and a - good salary. And— and nobody wants you to k 15°*' 'But I shall be glad to go,' answered Mary J- Smith, with alacrity ; ' my mission has been a ;.- complete failure. I have done more harm than * good.' -*- ' What do you mean by that?' ^T 'I dont think Verity liked me — I am sure at times she regarded .me an a spy.' 'Thete youjso again,' he groaned ;',' you j£ - vaR not leave Verity out of the question. Mrs. \- _ Dalrymple — don't yon know — can't you see .,- that she is getting fond of you? That she '- wonld isther have you here than anybody— ^ that she^will miss you very much when you go -i- away— very much indeed. z .Mary Smith was embarrassed by Mr. Lovett'a ?5- *iPe °* ?Tfinmentj and his glassy stare was not -„ pleasant to confront. \\-r~ 'Iwonia rather not consider the question of 4 . jnygoin* away,' she said at last ; 'it is not a & question of toHiay.' eP'' M«^*otJahouTa have liked -to settle it,' ^c liewptefl* 'Jiked^hiBar you -were pot*) ile W' fle ^ ^ iii^^ a-feiir jaesB downAe garden, then he turned and came back slowly again. ' You do not dislike nay sister very much, I hope?' ' I do not dislike her at all.' 'A great many people do,' he replied; 'a few of the servants would like to poison her. My first impression was that they had been trying to poison her when she collapsed so suddenly. I am glad to hear you do not dislike her.' 'Why should I T He did not reply to this question. He traced a few more hieroglyphics in the ground with his stick, then he looked up and said — ' .Thave not made myself particularly objec tionable to you J' ' Oh, no 1' 'lama rough fellow,' he confessed, 'and say hard things when I am put out. And I am put out very often, having a bad temper of my own; and I have said hard things to yon which I didn't quite mean, and which I have been sorry for afterwards.' ' I have not thought of them — they have not affected me,' said Mary Smith ; ' pray do not fancy that.' ' You are not offended with sac, then V ' Oh, no, no 3' ' I am glad,' he said. He walked away in real earnest after this, and Mary Smith was left once more to her own meditations. Mary Smith did not see him again till they sat facing each other at the dinner table— a painful ordeal from which she would have been glad to be released. If it had not been for these dreadful tete-a-tete dinners, she might not have been so anxious to get away to the little home in Paradise - terrace, South Lambeth. Mr. Lovett was generally very grim and silent at his banquets, and the ghosts of Verity and Mrs. Dabymple seemed to the_ vivid imagination of our heroine to be sitting in the empty chairs, just as if Verity and her aunt were both dead and their spirits were haunting the dining-room and presiding at the feast. On tbis occasion Jonathan Lovett was somewhat talkative, as if it had forced itself upon his mind that his duty was to be more agreeable and conversational than he had been hitherto ; but it was an effort on his part, and there were long and awkward pauses that made matters worse. After dinner, when Mary Smith would have withdrawn, he said — 'Don'tgofora few minutes. There is no hurry to get upstairs to-night.' 'I thought Mrs. Dalrymple might want me.' *' She is 'generally fidgety about this time. Yeu, I know,' he said. ' I have been a long while away from her.' 'The new nurse has arrived,' said Mr, Lovett ; ' the doctor and nurse came together an hour ago, and my sister has listened to reason for once. I was talking reasonably to. her my self just before dinner.' ' Oh !' said Mary Smith doubtfully ; ' what have you said?' 'That she wasn't igoing to kill you if I could help it,' was the reply. 'That she wonld be well soon if she did not make too znnch of a fuss over her ailments and her nurses.' ' And 6he said ? ' 'She didn't want to kill anybody, and she didn't know you were making yourself ill.' 'Neither am L' ll*Yes,youare,'said Mr. Lovett, flatlycontra dicting her ; ' Doctor Simmonds said no human nature could stand it; and you are human nature, I suppose?' ' I hope I am not wholly unnatural,' replied Mary Smith, with a faint smile. ' Doctor Simmonds says you have been over wrought. I don't quite know what he means by it, and I daresay he does not himself; but still, you are under my charge— a responsibility — and they mnst not say presently I have treated you badly too.' 'They will not say that,' answered Mary Smith ; ' but I wish you had mentioned me to Doctor Simmonds.' 'Mrs. Hewitt said she did not like the looks of yon,' said Mr. Lovett, 'so I asked the doctor what he thought. And he took stock of you quietly.' '.So it seems.' . 'And you are to have a little change,' he 'went on, ' and get away for a day or eo, if it i can be managed, and when Mrs. Dalrymple is used to her new nurse.' ' A little change f ' repeated Mary Smith. \- 'Yes. I must insist upon that as well as Mr. Chinery.' 'As well— as— Mr, Ghinery?' repeated Mary Smith :&gain;, and tins time with consider able surprise. \ 'Oh! I didn't tell you this afternoon I had had a letter from that gentleman,' he said, fumbling in one pocket after another in what Mary Smith considered a very : aggravating manner — 'an extraordinary letter, indeed.' ' Yes !' said Mary Smith. ' And he isan extraordinary man in his way. Sometimes/' he added thoughtfully, 'I think I like that fellow. But then I haven't seen enough of him, to know whether I like him or not/p He had seen Ambrose Chinery more often than Mary Smith had, thoughtour heroine, and probably this idea came to his own mind the instant afterwards, and when he was still searching for his letter in a coat which appeared to be possessed of an infinite variety of pockets ; for he stopped in his search suddenly, and said — ''Do you like him?' It was a strange question, and Mary Smith was afraid she was blushing, she felt so red in the face; but she had no right to blush when Ambrose Chinery Is name or idiosyncrasies were mentioned. Still, she looked fearlessly back at the cottan-spinner, and replied — 'Yes; I like him. He is a gentleman.' ' He is & gentlemen,'.' murmured Mr. Lovett ; ' ab ! that's it, possibly. You ought to see his letter, as he seems to .have you on his mind a great deal, and for some reason or other.' *' Can't yon find it,' said Mary Smith, quite pettishly for her. *' No, hanged if I can !' he replied. ?* Anyone would think he had known you all his life instead of .seeing y ouf or the first time on the night of the fire. That -was the first time, I think you said?' 'That was the first time,' replied our heroinp. ' And yet you are bis trustee, executrix, and the Lord knows what, he tells, me,' observed Mr. Lovett. 'You have not said anything about that to me.' 'I did not think you would care to be troubled by my affairs, sir, or,' she added, ' interested in them.' ' What put that notion into your head ?' he said sharply, after a long and steady stare at her. ' I — I don't know. You do not seem ? ' ' To think of anybody but myself. Ah 2 well, perhaps I don't,' said Mr. Lovett; 'you're not the first by a good many who -have bad that impression of old Jonathan. And — oh ! here's Chinery's letter on the mantelpiece, and TH read it to you if yon have no objec tion.' Mary Smith had hoped that .he would pass the letter over to her, and he read that wish in her face very quickly. 'There's a deal in it that I don't want you to see, and which, of course, does sot concern 5%u in any way,' he said ; ' bat this is what he says abont you, and I think it will surprise you.' Ghapteb XIX.— The Heading of the Letter, Mary Smith waited very patiently for Mr. Lovett to read the letter. That is, she ap peared to be waiting patiently, although her fingers were itching to snatch the paper out of his hands. Mr. Lovett proceeded with great deliberation to impart the contents of Mr. Chinery's epistle to the 'companion ;' it he had wished to excite her curiosity or arouse her impatience he could not have gone to work in a more methodical and aggravating manner. He opened and smoothed out the document — there were eight pages of it, Mary Smith noticed, to her surprise; he was a long while in arranging his eye-glasses to his complete satisfaction, and then he dis covered the left-hand glass was smeary, and took them off again to polish with his silk hand kerchief. Finally, he began to read the letter very carefully and critically to himself, in the . first place, and after he had spent a few minutes in discovering where it begun, and remedying the -defect of the second sheet of note-paper' being in advance of the first, and upside down. -Mary Smith- wondered at last if it would be very improper to fly at him and shake him, and 'whether he would be very much surprised at it. ' I may tell you what the first part is about another time, Miss Smith,' he said, suddenly leaving off to look at his listener, 'not now. It does not altogether concern you, although I 3nay 'ask your advice upon it before you leave ?us— -and when yon are quite determined to leave us, that is. The letter was written on board the P. and O. steamer, and must have been passed on to a homeward-bound vessel— they manage these matters very well in the F. and O. Let me see,' he said, referring to the letter again; 'where do you come in first? Oh ! here you are : 'So long as Mary Smith is with you I trust you will treat her with the courtesy and deference due to a lady of her position.*' 'Oh-J' cried the lady alluded to, 'what does he mean ?' ' You'll see, if you don't keep interrupting me,' said Mr. Lovett. 'I haven't said a word before.' ' Yon have made me lose my place, and he -writes Buch an infamous band I can hardly fol low him. *Due to a lady of her portion' — that's where we left ofi, I think V ''Yes, yes.' ' ' For I claim for her— ^as she will never chum for herself — the position in your house hold of a highly -accomplished -woman. I have reason, to believe that she is even more accomplished — talented would be a better -word— than ehe is aware.and that the world will say eo presently.3 Don't know what he ?means by all this,' muttered Mr. Lorott; 'a ? little «ff his head, Ifaney, here, 'She is alone in that world at present, and without friends. Before I return she will have many. You will be of the number, Ihope, sir— looking after her and shielding her from harm should the occasion arise, as you would have shielded your daughter had she let you, and as ehe will let you presently, when she returns to you. But I have already said enough on the question of Miss Lovett— too much, you will say.' ('Me has been writing about Verity, then,' thought Mary Smith.) ' I have only a wish to urge you in tab place to look after Mary Smith, just as it would have been my proud privilege to look after her had I remained in England.' ' ' Does he say that ?' exclaimed our heroine. Mr. Lovett glared through his pince-nez at his listener. ' Yes, I thought that would sur piise you,' said he. 'Mr. Chinery assumes too much, does he not ?' ' Ob, certainly !' ' These newspaper men get into such a habit of saying this or that it is my opinion, and nobody else's is of any value whatever, that they carry their notions into private life, and try to . lord it over other people imme diately they have made their acquaintance. They ? ' 'Is that all, sir?' said Mary Smith, nodding towards the letter in his hands. 'No, it isn't.' Mr, Lovett found his place again and went on. ' '—For unless it had been by her express wish, I should not have lost Bight of her again. I should haveffelt it a great honor to become her friend ; had. I been a younger man, with more respectable credentials from the past — a man less worn out, less worldly, less reckless, and more wealthy — I may say in confidence be tween us ? ' ' 'He says in confidence!' said Mary Smith quickly. ' Yes, I know he does— but he doesn't mean it/' was the tart reply. 'I think he does.' 'I am sure he does not by what follows,' said Mr. Lovett persistently ; '' but I won't read any more if you object.' 'N— no, sir; I don't object.' Mary Smith confessed; 'but as he said 'in confidence,' I thought he might not like— me to know — you know.' ' To know what V was the grave enquiry. ' Go on, sir,' said Mary Smith, instead of replying to his question. Mr. Lovett resumed his reading from the interesting point where he had left off. ' * — that I should have known no greater ambition than to ask Miss Smith to be my wife. I should have been certain that no greater happiness could have fallen to my lot — no surer blessing. You may tell her this, if you will, and at a future time. I am not in the habit of disguising what is in my thoughts, and these are thoughts of which I am not likely to be ashamed. And should I never return to England I should wish her to know one day what I have said concerning her, so that she may not forget me too soon in the days of her fame, but bear me in remembrance for a little while. I say this the more readily — and strangely enough to you, of all men, Mr. Lovett — being certain of my own un worthiness, and because I am not justified — I am not good enough — to' write to her. Forgive me if I bore you— all this is out of my line, but I am drawn towards you by your trouble. I am a father too. I have an only daughter, who is growing up and who is motherless. And now' — but that is all he says about you, Miss Smith, '.he said, breaking off abruptly, and consigning the letter to the depths of his breast-pocket ; 'and I think you will agree with me that it is a very queer letter.' 'It is — very strange,' said Mary Smith. Then she looked away from him so that he should not see there were tears inher eyes. ' I should not have thought a man like him would have have had such a lot of sentimental rubbish in his head,' he said. 'Nor I,' added Mary Smith. 'It is hardly decent to go on like this after so short an acquaintance,' he continued; 'and the man means what he says too. So I thought — with an impulsive fellow like this .about— it would put you on your guard against him.' 'Yee. 'Thank you.' 'Not that he is a bad sort of a young fellow, if one could only make him out,' added Mr. Lovett ; ' not that in this letter he has not acted like an honeat gentleman.' 'As he is, hit.' . ' As he is, Miss Smith,' he repeated. ' You can go and see Mrs. Dalrymple now, if you like. Ihave bored you long enough.' 'Yes- 1 will go? Mary Smith rose and went rapidly out of the room, and had a good cry to herself all 3&e; way upstairs, and hardly knew what she wascryirig about ; or whether she was unhappy or very, very happy, or whether the path -of . life beyond her were full of pitfalls or to be strewn with summer roses. ?? And who does know in this kaleidoscopic world? Who can tell?' soliloquised Mary Smith, later that night, as she sat at the open ? window of her room, looking out steadfastly at the stars, as if they knew her future already, and by gazing at them it might be possible to read it for herself. And yet she did not know : whether she were happy or unhappy, whether life had been a failure here or was leading up to a success — what was to come -with the next turn of the wheel — joys or cares, prizes or blanks, diamonds or dewdrops, friends or enemies, the real or the false. She was only conscious that her life had changed from that night, that there dated therefromnewthoughts, pursuits, ambitions — the sweet alarming con sciousness that there was a strong man away who loved her, and to whom she was a fair - recollection — a something to which he might return one day with a throbbing heart - and a wild hope inside it. And she was not shocked at the tone of the letter which Jona than Lovett had read out to her; was not marvelling at the impudence of the man — as ' the cottons-pinner had done; at the writer's presumption, precipitation, affection. It was scarcely unnatural, though he had seen so little of her — and the sorrowful ring of his words, like a note of despair, did not daunt her very much. She knew the reason for that, she thought — for here had been a misdirected and disappointed life, and it w»b only just emerg ing from the lower ground, where the shadows had lurked and the nightshade had flourished. -She could believe in better, brighter days for Ambrose Chinery ; whether to share them with him or not she did not endeavor to consider ; she wonld not try very hard to think at pre sent. But she was not sorry that he had written to Mr. Lovett, and upon serious consi deration of the question she was not offended the least bit. She was almost afraid that she was glad ! Chapter XX. — Maet Smith Djdes Not Understand Mr. Lovett. Mrs, Dalrymple had changed satisfactorily for the better by the end of the following week. She left her sick-bed, and finally her sick-room, an older and sallower-looking woman, shorn of much portliness, and with a worried expression on her face that was not there when M«ry Smith had had the honor of first making her acquaintance. She looked like a woman with something on her mind, or borne down by a trouble that was not likely to:grow less. ' If I had only been different like to Verity, ' she confessed once to Mary Smith, ' I don't think she would have had the heart to run away from home.' ' She did not run away from you, Mrs. Dil rymple.' ' I don't know. I might have helped towards it. I wasn't like the mother,' she said, with a shake of her curls that was signifi cant and touching. Aday or two after thic, the onegrand specific of ' change' was ordered — even command— for Mrs. Dalrymple, she was so unlike her usual self. Her lack of interest in the household and the household management . of Castle Lovett was absolutely astounding ; the domestics had never known such times. 'I don't believe in all this gabble about change,' mustered Mr. Lovett, by way of pro test ; ' much good change has ever done me. And they recommended change for Verity, abd much good it did her.' ' I'll stop, Jonathan,' said Mrs. Dalrymple passively. 'I don't want to go anywhere. I don't care for the bother of it.' ' It's no use pitching money away on the doctors if we don't do as they tell us. We're helpless in their hands, and they know it, You shall have a change.' 'Very well' 'Where would you like to go— Scarlet- pool?' ' Oh, no !' she replied with a shudder ; ' I couldn't go there again for all the world.' 'It's bracing — and you want bracing.' ' I couldn't bear to go.' 'We were talking of Eastbourne before— before Verity went,' he said, with a little gulp. 'I don't want the seaside. I should hate the sight of the sea — or the happy people about. There is one place where I should like to go — if Miss Smith will not leave us yet awhile.' There had been a little more talk of Mary Smith's departure from Castle Lovett, but it had been only talk. 'Where's that 2 ' asked her brother. 'London.' ' What do you want to go to London for ? ' said Jonathan. 'It's just like Manchester, ain't it?' ' I don't know,' was the slow answer. ' I never was in London. I should like to see it* once before I die. I have a fancy, Jonathan, that we might find Verity there. That's where I think she is.' 'Oh, do you?' 'Yes.' 'Has any one put that idea in your head at all ? ' he asked, with one of his shrewd looks predominant. 'No.' ' If 8 what the police think. It's where they are looking for her now.' ' Is there any news ?' she asked eagerly. 'Not a scrap. But they say if she .had been in the country Bhe would' have been found long ago.' replied her brother, 'Let us gotoLondon, Jonathan.' 'Very welL' he said,; 'and if Miss Smith will come with us to look after you,' ' I shall be glad to see London again. It is my home. It is a city I love !' said Mary , Smith enthusiastically. ! ' I dont see anything to love in it,' was the ' cotton-spinner's remark. ' It's big and over crowded. Nobody knows who you are there.' : Nobody was impressed by him there, or cared j whether he was the owner of Castle Lovett or j not, he meant, probably. In the Strand and j Regent -street, wandering about rather help- ; leesly, there were always half a hundred | Jonathan Lovetts taking a holiday out of the ? big city— good, solid, substantial, clumsy, : well-to-do folk, to whom newsboys made i insulting remarks, and at whom the cabmen | swore profusely forcrossingtheroad as leisurely j as though they were crossing their own broad i acres, people who got under horses' heads and . carriage wheels, and were dragged fromdanger by the police, who scowled at them too, and told them, roughly at times, to mind where they were going-. But Jonathan Lovett had no real objection to visit London on this occasion. He had mere reasons than one for consenting just then, and it was not unlikely, he thought, that Verity was there, and that by chance he might be able to find her for himself, all the money that he had lavished on other folks' search having been completely thrown away. Mary Smith brightened up at the prospect of reaching the metropolis so soon, and Mr. Lovett, always observant, noted this. ' You will be glad to get away from Lan cashire,' he said, almost reproachfully. ' You never took to it, did you ?' ' Kecclepon is a little dull,' confessed Mary S&jtb;, 'that is all; and perhaps I was too much of a home-bird to be satisfied wish the change.' ' I should like to see what your home is like when we are in town,' he said gravely — ' what has made it so much like home to you.' *'0h, good gracious!' involuntarily ex claimed Mary Smith, and then she could hardly refrain from laughing at the owner of the big castle at Keccleson being received as a guest by the tenant of No. 94, Paradise-terrace, Scuth Lambeth-road, wherein there was not a room large enough for cat-swinging purposes, or as spacious as those in the lodge at Jonathan Lovett's gbtes, and where the garden ground behind jubtheld a water butt, adust-bin, a wheel barrow, a grass plat the size of a table-cloth) framed by four strips of pathway eighteen inches in width, where grass flourished too, despite all the efforts of the proprietary, in the long even ings, to keep it under or ' stub' it out of the gravel with a ' sardine- opener.' 'Why 'good gracious?'' asked Mr. Lovett. ' Oh ! you wouldn't care so go, sir.' 'Yes,' he answered, very thoughtfully, ' I should. I have made up my mind to go, and I hope your father will ask me.' Mary Smith shivered internally, but said, politely and truthfully, ' He will be very proud to Bfe you, I am sure.' ' ' I wish I had seen him before— ^years before, ' ?was the moody reflection at this juncture. Mary Smith was surprised. ' Indeed, sir ! Why ?' 'I might have learned a lesson from him how to make a daughter fond of home and- her father. I might have had a daughter fond of me. I might have— ' and then, without com pleting his sentence, he walked fro-n the room on to the terrace beyond, where, with his bands clasped behind him, he paced up and down in the sunshine for a good hour and a half. It was arranged that they should leave Castle Lovett for London the next day ; exchange the peace and quietness of Keccleson for the roar of the great city. There were many boxes packed, as though a long stay was-intended, and it was noticed by Mary Smith that some of Verity's boxes and belongings were got ready too, so as to be handy for her should she be discovered during their sojourn in town. The night before the flitting was a somewhat sad one, and in its way to be marked in this eventful history, and to be looked back at presently — curiouslv, critically, possibly regret fully. Mary Smith had packed up everything of her own — it was not on the cards that she should return to Castle Lovett. Here was the end of it, she thought, in a stagey way, and as Foster Deane might have thought too, with the act drop falling on the scene for good, ?asid on the romance and mystery of it all, and where she had played her little part, and scarcely to her own satisfaction. ' You do not think of returning?' Mr. Lovett said^ ' you will have had enough of us.' *' I am of no use now, and I shall have a deal to do in town.'. ' You will keep with us whilst we are in town ?' he enquired, as if he doubted Mary Smith's intentions. ' Yes, if you and Mrs. Dalrymple wish it.' 'Of course we wish it,' he said, a little telchily. ' Very welV'.assented Mary Smith. 'You can see your father when you like — you -can go anywhere you like without asking us, for that matter,' he said.roughly, but not unkindly, 'only — don't leave us ia. the lurch !' He spoke as if they were quite dependent upon and helpless without her, and it was a rare confession of weakness that seemed re markable coming from so strong a man. He had not owned anything of that kind before his daughter's departure ; he had been proud of bis own independence his own way. He did not remember in his whole life asking any body a favor before ; he was not aware that he was asking one then, when he had expressed a wish to Mary Smith that she should remain with him and his sister till they both went back to Lancashire for good. For good cr ill 1 He did not know that either, but he had his fears, and as, after dinner, he began his tramping up and down the terrace outside in his new restless fashion, one could imagine that the fears were growing npon him and disturbing him more seriously than he would have cared to confess. Mrs. Dalrymple sat in the drawing-room and looked out at him as if she were wondering too, and Mary Smith sat by the side of the convalescent. ' He's very miserable — poor Jonathan,' she muttered in a low tons. 'I wish. I could help him, but I can't.' ? ' He has borne his trouble well,' said Mary Smith ; 'but it is a heavy one still.' - ' Yes, that's it.' The instant afterwards Mrs. Dalrympla startled her companion by; putting out her band and touching our heroine's suddenly aud sharply. « ' Go out to him and try to che6r him. Will you?' 'I !' 'He likes young people's company —be likes you.' ' But ? ' 'He has been talking of you to-day,' she continued, ' wishing Verity had been more like you. You are the only yourig woman he has ever met, he said, who spoke out what was in her mind — down right,' 'Oh !' said Mary Smith, 'he cannot be brooding on a few words we had when Verity went away. I spoke out then, and so did you,' 'Yes, but he doesn't mind -what I say; he never did,' she answered, with a sigh, 'aud he knows I'm afraid of him.' ' I thought at the time I had offended him ' 'No,' was the reply, 'oh, no! Not likely,' Mary Smith did not know in what way to respond to this declaration, and Mrs. Dal rjmple did not seem to require an answer. That lady began again, and at once. 'You are not coming back to Kecclesoa my . brother tells me,' she said ; ' this is the end of it, then f ' The-end of my companionship, at least.' ' But supposing Verity returns?' said Mrs, Dalrjiuple; 'we are not giving her up for lost. She has not gone away for ever.' ' No — but I should be in the way. She does not like me, or believe in me. And,' added Mary Smith, ' my life is changed alto gether.' ' Ah ! I remember,' she replied ; 'You bad good news one night, and you would not tell me what it was. You are painfully re served sometimes.' ' I will tell you when the result comes.' 'You will be away.' ' I will write if you will allow me.' ' Yes, yes ! I shall be glad. Now go and talk to him,' she added, pointing to her brother ; ' it's our last night together. Don't let him think too much about it.' 'Are you nervous concerning him?' she asked. 'Yes.' Mary Smith was very much perplexed, but she did not ask any further questions. She passed out to the terrace, thus adjured, and Mr. Lovett turned round and stared at her as she approached him, as if somewhat disposed to think she had taken a liberty in coming in his direction. He was standing at that in stant on the top of the broad Sight of sters leading to the lower ground where she had stood and looked after his daughter Verity one evening by his especial mandate. Was he get ting nervous like his sister ? ' Is anything the matter ?' he asked. ' Oh, no ! — but Mrs. Dalrymple has asked me to keep you company for a while.' ' She is afraid of my being alone !' he said scofEngly; 'afraid of my running away too, as it is rather fashionable. You'll catch cold out here after that hot room.' ' I don't think so.' ' Besides, I'm coming in,' he said ; ' I have had enough of this myself.' ' I will tell Mrs. Dalrymple you are comiag,' said Mary Smith, not unwilling to beat ajretreat ; but she had not proceeded two steps back towards the house before he called sharply to her. ' Wait a minute, please j I want to speak to you !' 'Mary Smith returned to his side, and he looked so very steadfastly at her— with so strange and intent, and even hard a look —that she felt growing cold beneath his ..gaze. It was impossible to guess what was in his mind and be prepared for it. If was not an expressive countenance, so far as expression gave the key to the thoughts of its owner, for it was always one clear, fierce stare, that would, if it were possible, read what you thought of him, and what you were going to say to him, but betray little for himself. 'Has Mis. Dalrymple been talking abmt me 1' he enquired. 'To-night, do you mean V ' Yes — to-night.' This was not an easy question to answer, bat she said, rapidly ? 'A very little. She thought you might be rather dull to-night, and suggested my cjming Gut to join you.' ' You told me that already ?' ' That's about all, then.' She c uld cot inform him that Mrs. Dal rymple'.had said he liked herand wished Verity had resembled her more closely. That was all nonsense and out of the question. 'Oh ! it does not matter to anybody,' he said at last, 'if I am a bit dull. 1 was never wonderfully bright. My thoughts come slow, if they're pretty sure in the long run. Yes, 1 am slow,' he added after another instant's fur ther reflection on the matter; 'that's my characteristic. And I've been thinking to night ' — and here he spread out his arms as if indicating his garden grounds and his property in general — 'what's it all worth to me? What's the good of it ? What is it coming to when I get back ?' He spoke warmly, but Mary Smith was again at a complete loss to answer him. She did not know what it was all worth, or what the good of it was to Jonathan Lovett ; she had never known. He was a rich and discontented man; he had made much money and few friends ; she did not know anyone more alone in the world, unless it was Ambrose Chinery, who had confessed to his isolation, and seemed rather proud of it. And he wa3 away out in Egypt by this time— knee-deep in sand, poor fellow! — and looking up at the stars, as she was then, and wondering too. 'You don't understand me?' Jonathan Lovett said brusquely. ' No, sir. Hardly.' 'I never thought you would,' was the enig matic rejoinder. ' Let us get in doors ; it is cold. They went silently across the terrace walk and through the open window into the draw ing room, where Mrs. Dalrymple was dozing placidly in her armchair. She woke up as they entered, and glanced at her brother with an enquiring, eager look; and Mary Smith saw it, and Jonathan Lovett saw that she saw it, and said to his sister, with a short laugh that -was the reverse of hilarious — 'No, I haven't asked her to stay, Emma. If she alters he mind when we're m London she can do so. But that's not very likely, if I know anything of the lady. If 1 do !' ' 'Then nothing's settled?' said his sister. ' Nothing.' 'Then ? ' Eut here she caught her brother's look, and was frowned into silence. (Tote continued.) 