SPORTWG. VICTORIAN SPORTING NEWS. f By Telegraph J [From our Special Reporter.] Melbourne, October 23, The betting market was not active to-day, only a few wagers of importance being re corded ; 1,000 to 70 was accepted about Hexham for the Melbourne Cup, and Little John receded to 10 to 1, while Isonomy also receded to the same figure. The closing prices are:— Derby—2 to 1 on Trident offered, 5 to I against Maddelina, and 10 to 1 Volcano. Cup—100 to 20 against Trident, 100 to 11 Ben Bolt, 100 to 10 Little John and Isonomy, 100 to 7 Hexham and Meteor, 100 to 6 Malua and Trenton, 1C0 to 5 Silvermine, Sheet Anchor, and Arsenal, 100 to 4 Lord William and Crossfire, 100 to 3 Bravo, Commotion, and Bohemian, 100 to 2 Salvo, Metal, Grace Darling, and others. Arsenal has arrived from Sydney, where he is reported to have done a great gallop, and ne will have many supporters for the Cup amongst the Sydneyites. Ben Bolt will come to a shorter price for the Cup, and stands a great show of winning, while Mad delina is Hardening for the Derby, and she is much fancied by a large section of the public. The special train with Adelaideans arrived at a quarter past 2 o'clock instead of half past 10, being detained through an axle-box to the break-van catching fire in the desert, and the Yankee engine refusing to work this side of Dimboola. The sleeping-car passengers complain of defective ventilation, and say it i3 not suitable for a hot climate, and will require alteration. Whatever beats Perhaps should win the Maribyrnong Plate, and Maddelina will run Trident very close for the Derby, if she does not absolutely beat the field. The following are the tips of the Melbourne papers:— From "Augur," in the Australasian:— Melbourne Stakes—Sheet Anchor, 1; Isonomy, 2; Bravo, 3. Hotham Handicap—First Prince, 1; Brown-and-Rose, 2; The Pencil, 3. Mari byrnong Plate—Mistletoe, 1; Hortense, 2; Lava or Aberdeen, 3, V.R.C. Derby—Tri dent, 1; Maddelina, 2; First Consul or Aglaos, 3, Melbourne Cup—Silvermine, 1; Isonomy, 2; Sheet Anchor or Ben Bolt, 3. "Asmodeus," in the Leader, tip3:—Mel bourne Stakes—Isonomy, 1; Silvermine, 2; Sheet Anchor, 3; Hotham Handicap—First Piince or Ringmaster, with Brown-and- Rose and Claptrap the most dangerous of the others. Maribyrnong Plate—Lava, 1; Misletoe, 2; Perhaps or Miranda, 3. V.R.C. Darby— Trident, 1; Volcano, 2; Maddelina, 3. Selling Race—The Ghost, 1; Stafford, 2; Mr. Oxenham's Best, 3. Coburg Stakes—St. John, 1; Goldlake, 2; Newmarket, 3. Hurdle Race—Blue Mountain or SirLauncelot, 1; The Agent, 2; Ocean, 3. Melbourne Cup—Little John, 1; with Silvermine, Ben Bolt, and Trident to fight it out for places. ;' Vigilant" in the Sportsman says V.R.C. Derby—Trident, 1; Maddelina 2; with White bait as the best outsider. Maribrynong Plate—Perhaps, 1; Lava, 2, Melbourne Cup —Trident or Hexham 1, the best outsider being Affluence. Melbourne Stakes—Isonomy. Hotnam Handicap—Hexham. Coburg Stakes (very open)—The Agent or St. John. 