TRAIN.NG NOTES. flemingtox. Good preparatory wortt (or putting the finishing touches on baa again been tbo order of the day. swallow catching being altogetlior ignored. Lost Saturday afternoon Coronet and Dunlop had a raliv (or throe-quarter* of a mile, the Newmarket Handi cap winner of 1685 {dainty exemplifying Uiat he still possesses hla- phenomenal pace. Jlr. 8. O. Cook's horse* are Improving rapidly, albeit none of the team were extended during the earlier portion ot the week. Remus look* too flue to oombat eucoemfuUy with Nordedfeldt in the V.B.O. St. Leger; but he it evi dently in good form, and under lighter Imposts should keep up the reputation he achieved during the spring. T. Ooffey hai parted with some of his lads, the evident intention being to throw eomc of hla rath or lengthy team out ot work. The stable has a fairish filly in Fair Ellen, who ha* been spurting along in oompany with Trtthna, Wel come Jack appears to be getting into form, but so far has not been put against the clock. On Tues Jay morning the Champion Stakes candidate, Clnoln natns tackled Oenoe onoe round, but attar a wretsbedly slow circuit of the sand the brother to Coriolanui suffered defeat by half a head. Mr. F. F. Paldn has been sending Liverpool and Winchester | along stoutly, but th« latter makes no paoe ttllhe gets thoroughly warmed to his work. His com-; panion, howerer, moves very nloely, and a* the brace1 wound up good work on Tuaaday by coveting half a! mile in Msec, the next four weeka tagy put them i into euoh'heart as to cause the Hon. W, Bomhsoh to start them during the autumn meeting. Thunder tttte»3f perplessing to hi* trainer, who h»«Z, —^s, thereof, viz., tke oolt thT^ '?pi"5. He baa been the irritating cause tsnot Uv5F '•'•n ?»?'»•„ Glimmer luf be^ y. *® HhS work, but fails to get anv .doinr T&fc; being the antithesis of AiS™ ^k^'^'toES merry fivefurlongswith Va^k^^/Wn ing. Whatever latent powM^£rrtn<Stfrt& docs not exhibit «uiv of themmPti.l^tJ'WH. where ho makes a terrible labou" mobon bat been Kb en a look ?/ fSnl«^r aJ caused him to get quite frfekc >ns ttock. tfe' New Zealanders, Vanguard hra iilmEl','0u»th ol »* | Mr W. K. ^kin«vCtt,Tti^aUt^ ! sareteeaftsSssa i^KssKSssas^Ps M«VSfib£Si2ife I teara w^stiWgtfS hcuraoralia, "" -in now work aoda^Er his brother it fait getting Into form. lug as fresh as ever, and cxcrdsingir^ui't**' M'Kamara bat not called upon Viabrt s^L*' travel at her top, although the hJf .kb to Jessie looks mellow enough to cotni» sensational tlx furlongs when he does. mJriSv». travels round at half pace, but neither lVymeric arc being persevered with at taeiM i lolly's charges have been given soundwS. ,?• brother to Warlock — Soylla, by i\«ne - vviiif A1 lander, Bonnie Dundee, and the Fieur de LtiiS being most prominent. It, Sevior has got PuS looking extremely well; whether he wkl taJJJr*' when he goto into tart work again a'anolhwl? tiou. J. Mcholson has been Getting AimS and Moonshee eaw tasks of bte. «T mark that will likewise apply to 4. bofJj | Maddclina was as mad as everonUtebw^ontS'; nesday, and being in the height of condition n„ young Hannagan all he knew to restrain hot kit Uortfall's flliy Mistral (by DtrriwcU out o! CniS! a daily visitor, but her owner cvtoentbdoa w! intend to knock her about as a two year old, i^» the is a beautiful filly to scan the gamettasenS. tually prove worth the candle. Mr. J. vi'misi i another of constant stamp, apd " * i nitre," who, by the way, possesses an is much better known than her pedigi | by Troubadour out ot Blink Bonnv. Mr j n.'^ — bvobj. nr. j, b-.j bas generally something ot other on hand sHa ' week he has been devoting his attention toC? ! but Esmond and Wildreke have pat In ukMiSJ K. Jellett hu taken Perohxnoe out of the KereSbi Handicap, but he ia still in work, and on M'SmS? in company with the much-Improved RearieS*' Progress, he traversed half a mile In 55aAnS»ii the big jump fraternity that hat been dolor iniE able gallops is Tandstiekor, who certatalyjntfllrt up to wuoh, bat whose performances belie hi. .Jj: ance. M. Voran hat also bad PhcnomeaoaS Waiter, and Lubra cxcr. Wng. OB Cblour hubta pursuing Die even tenor of his wtr the absence of his stable companions. Q appeals to be just about ready for aindin? i» Of the Hon. J. White's team Uralla has okdm at ocedings by cantering gently round the sand. S» has been w—**■- *— — Auzusb furlong. .—_—,— —, wiv muiiiiDs u uvuu, able, in lm. 7s., or, as it was on Tuesday, in lmCi Then couie Galatcw and Monte Cbristo, thcmrA' being quite competent to make as good a temriu tlie two year olds, although he hat not tried lit week as yet. With the exception ot one mordq Matchlock and KordentoMt hare been ctmpum ■ but they have never been aalled upon to go odd the ordinary. Matchlock is an atnatingiy ibu al that ev ideally wants another month or two beforeht will be cberty ripe. Kot to the Derby winner lk returned Tasinanian visitors have been itooupo; their energies, neither Gasburner, Ballarat, nor linn tion being folly extended, albeit the trio took all tin better for the trip. Tothill is stilt keeping Suing and Affluence at long Strong work, the sped; Jus not negotiating the shorter journey we morning in conjunction with Gratitude, rim die ran clean away from. Bis Ms has tea an absentee for a few days. Mr. 0. U. Bait. chestnut marvel The Agent it lookingblooming, ml St John's style while negotiating a fad fir tartan on Tuesday atguea a quick return to prelum form. Islander is also looking very will, hot iuu only tier cised moderately. Dick Buskingham wu not i success at schooling over the big fences, bat Kimig has been striding round in good style. J, Laughs given Stornoway, L'ncaa IL, b'atner, and aplhs their customary strong work. A new anitil is the shape of an up-oountry mire named Brora Girl—who has been successful orer hardier and claims Wizard as her sire—has been amospl the early arrivals of a morning tor o»Iul work, totbcriilge has bid OucraUc stridin» niwy along. Led Astray and Emblem. purdixwl intav mania, liave been exercising with the rest of tie Messrs. Crippe'a team. A feature of the reek Ins been the resumption of riding work by &. OafW, who, on Tuesday, piloted Mr. S. G. Cook's Ilia Can a round of the sand trade. Tbihisdat. On Thursday some strong work wasindnlpdta. All Gold covcreJ five furlongs In lm. Ill, but st, Odille improved on this, compassing the distintsa Lm. 101«. Quintin Matscp put in six fnrianp « thrcc^jusrter pace. Degree acrompiniea Uvbjxw the first portion of what was intended to Mst«s mile journey, but through Inadvertence on the |sn« his rider Liverpool was sent three miles sod squaw before pulling up, a task that might miiitite idm. Mirth traversed round the outer circle uM. 40a. Philip Augustus and Trident ran hall a mw a fiijsce, and finished up threc-quaitwaof siwtea good time. Coronet was given good usdel sw Miatral had the ooiiipxny of Operatic for five Innwp which the tormcr negotiated roffl.ortausf Un. 81a. Monte Chriito end Mattock a j i- h, sr.ia I .rain j once wye iuuiju , sue Him lu on. ; skimmed orer five furlongs in lm. 7s. Galateit™ Straight Shot cantered and spurted briskly. Broc* traversed a speedy half mile. Kordcnfelat wai rt on the trade during tho morning, nor was be tows afternoon, although he wag walking on the ywt Sarditis and Affluence were sent three efcrongturni on the sand, the pair striding along well Ston»«J sweated very profusely after a two mile pl»H islander and Jocular started together, bnt the fM®8 quickly gave hit companion the go-by, and ran hmt six farioogs in Jni. Sis. thirstlon covered two b"® «h1 a half at three-quarter qieed. ^ Matters were very quiet again od Friday, Rf™11 being one of the first to wove along st any p»*. and he being restricted to three parts speed. Ifukuo Matsep wwasJintted similar work. UvHwttolortM«; trmoeJy well as he strode Jtwioe round thetM. and Amuenoe repeated the pcrformsnoe of tu« Pr . yioua morning.- If- the former dees nut l« knodtcd out before the day, he srtll he a tort »J' JJ rraok In the Chstnplpn Stokes, whist the tost el to a »ir at tlie welriits should [ilsy an important p» » J the flnUb for tho Australian Cup. K»pjw!y«wr.n I smartly aidng, told travelled witn grert did.» waa given strong work, but on arrirtpg WP06"5 ~;,c sheds made a dash for one of the boxea escaping serious injury. The Israelitc, IktowbJ™ Tlie Levite (So Utter bearing a strong n«® hlance to u's full brother, Creswlcx) i™* i cantering on the tan, and appear to » In good form. The reputod Ttomanian of Athol was alio in attendance, but » a speedy looking • customer, he Is endew suffering from being orer trained, ana plays uiuch norvoutneaa Jus tint w*> Vj medium work, hut Oratitude put in the tost i"J"" of the wornlng—Time, Sin. 87s. Afisnda-sodtoe»"» of the lllug—Fleur-de-lis oolt, traversed a good hordenfeit was again an absentee, end mil ineu are beginning to give indioatiaxs th*t a carcase. CAULFIKLD, &&&• "here was a lot of usefni work gone tbronr1, , rning, and though the weather was cow, w ^ r southert)' broese, trainers were out e*'!!^ t oo c*ot«fing exerdslns: on the MDd| •"jl ^ "ovw- four furlongs. Mr ^ , .tolls and St. Paul 'n ^^'over i Wng up with a , . yi wga. fiaster.John ^ psoe , &&& 1 )nn Quixote, finished their work by running a strong alio? over a railo, tho Don going well. Orlando and ion Giovanni exorcised moderately, as also did ithcr horses ol Connolly'a Hippogriff and Ishmael intercd round in company, when the former ran notlier circle for a wortting gallop, the IKcwmarket lorso only cantcrinjr, the Bohemian following suit: _n(j Here Goes and waverioy did sprue ,U6oful work, jelodious, Louis, Violet, and others of Jones's vero indulged in medium exorcise. , Hosicrucian nd Inglcside strode along: for'some half-pace vork on the sand. Mabel Gray, In hand, was noving along steadily, when she afterwards trode along over five or six furlongs for • useful rallop. Warficld moved along at a nice pace over a, iinilar distance, and Anaroiiy . was going slowly. )cifu»ia, who looks much" Improved, was treated to lome nico pace work, and the Bridesmaid colt of telly's was also striding along at a useful paoo. First; >on Impulse, Grattan, and Albanus of Banae's were jxcrdising. Fusee was cantering, and Union Jack lid some capital Work over a couple of miles. Duloet cd Doxtcr and Bay star-at a good paoe over five fur omrs. camerTnb and Ditto did a nice working _ral!op onoe.rbund tho ground. The Empress, Grace Jailing, and Gipsy's Warning cantered in oompany, vlien the latter palrj-an oboe round for a useful gal op. both horsed going fairly well. The Lady Spec filly vas moving along at three-parts speed over four or Ive furlongs, and Gadfly cantered twice round, the Shost hnd Midstream finishing their work with a itrong run over five furlongs. Osborne had some of lis tcaui- going through their facings, Chance and >oor Van striding along for useful work over about i mile and a halt. Goldtop, Nuncio, and several itbcr horses were on tho ground. CAULFIELD, Thursday. The outer portion of the running track being opened, there was some capital work during the norning. Bonny Lad and Fitwoy were at business ioon alter 5 o'clock, and after cantering onee round —hey strode along for another turn at a working gallop, >ady Ashton following suit Orlando accompanied onald in a bit of brisk work over flvo furlongs, luster Pinctop doing UBcful exorcise, and he popped .rer half a doeen hurdles. The colt Don Gioran (who s full brother to Don Quixote, and looks quite as pro mising) was working, and Lady was bowling along j miartly over tour furlongs. Don Quixote, who is iniiroving fast, was treated to half-pace work over i ln cc miles; the Don seemed anxious to extend him- j iclf. Warficld was doing a bit of brisk work over Ive or six furlongs; also, Mabel Gray, over halt i mile; the Bridesmaid colt moving along smartlv per five furloOL'B, and soemed to go pretty well. Lcporcllo and St. Paul were striding along at a itruiigish gallop over five furlonss. Richworth and Berkeley were treated similarly: the two year old is a ■cry nice one. Fusee, Union Jack, and Stonebroke vers at work; also Brclla, Chance, and Poor Van, he latter pair striding along for useful exercise, iiglesides, ltosierucian, and Townley were doing oug work on the sand. First Pop and Impulse iu »mpany, after a canter, strode along over a mile at hrcc- quartcr Epeed; Albanus moving along for nice vork twice round. Tiie colt by Kong Mcng, and a irown horse of Bence's, who looks like timber bust icss, were exercising; also Footman. Ishmael antcrcd with Hippogriff; the former after raids ran a smart gallop over five fur Diigs, the brother to Wandering Jew ap icaring to go well; and Bippognff strode a ound of the ground at a useful pace, followed by Bohemian. Melodious was on the track, and ran ome strongly three or four furlongs. Waveriey rorked on the inner track. Violet, Here Goes, iwcct Marian, and others of the tcaui were doing i xercise; but I did not notice Dclamia excroising., 'Ivmpton and Master John cantered at intervals, (ulcet ran a capital pace over four furlongs, and lex tier did a sharp gallopovcr five furlongs. Camerine ed Ditto a good working gallop orer a mile and a alf. " " bey cantered once round, and then ran a mile and a carter at a strong pace. The Ghost and Millstream mining over five furlongs at a good striding gallop, ladfly and the Lady Spec filly were treated to a sharp pin over five furlongs. Louis led Tichborne for a risk spin over half a mile. Mr. Harper's tillics, The forsaken and Pbmbe Walton, exercised at a medium ice, and Stampede was doing ball-pace work on the ud. 