FAU10 T L/1. Torn g1011er is a conscientious artiMefl-tck alhays takcs panes with his work, but makes light of it 'lon? following notice is placed at the door of a tewly-malde clothinlg cst:li'.hnent: " Do not tgo ?onmo. where rele to bIe robbed; walnl i11 here." " t!'iii.rwwr.lr," ,"aid s farmer, writing to the choirilman of an agricultlral tu ociety, " put me downrl for a calf," ild at the next show hI got ia prize. A LicIr:;lt? Court: The perinuision to pay your addrisses. A w0ldle man once said: "'We tshould all be il fleet if wo were elil?ler menl n or iomen." "' i'T parting given me pain," as thei tan raid w01hen he had :t troublesome tooth eoxtracted. 311t. Score, of Exeter, travelled on buineost till about eighty years of Oage. lte noa one of the mn10t celiraloted charactersin inthe kingdom for punctuality, and by lis methodical conductl, join d with uniform diligenc, he gradually lnla:le.d large fortune. For a long retieS of ycars the proprietor of every in hlie fretquentled in Devon and Cornwall knew the day, andl the very hour, he woull arrive. A tshor time before he died, a gentleo m11i 11 oi a journey in Cornwall ,topped at a s mall inn at Port Ie;ie to dine. The wailer presooted hinm with a bill of fare which ihe did not. aplovo of ; but ob:erving a fine duck roasting, " I'l have that? t?nid the traveller. "You ':,llliiot, io" sati the landlord, " it ia for Mr. Scott, of Exeter." " I ltinow Mr. Scott very well," rejoined tlhe gentliemlan ; " hi ih t lot ill .youir hiouis." " True, air," said the landlord ; 1 but dsx tmonlths ago, when he was here lnst, he ordered a duck to be ready for him this day, lprecisely at two o'clock ;" and, to the antonislhment of the traveller, hre saw tIhe oll gentlelnlla oil nhis loeainanto jo::ii?g into the inn-yard about five mninute(cf before tilhe appointed line. Tllt garment of a ghost must be a spirit rapper. LAltI?:S, a piece of advice--Never send your letters by male. A rIttT:Y novel is light reading. Appetito originated in lhungar1y. MoNtIv is the great enigma of the ago. Every body is copellethd to give it up. Sloolrt.n musio be sold by the chord ? Drum mIi-ic should be hold by the pound. A TIIA'n . paper, called rThe Corset, in talfked of. It will, to dloubl, " colne to stay." A P'AtISIANw wit, mtceeting with a friend, reTal:h, "i What beautiful stioes ! Where dill you get thlicl alow nmuch did 'you pay for them?" "' fiftee0t francs " . " Fifteen franca ! That's very cheapl, con sidehing how much calf there to ill them." fWiIs a good woife had prepared an excellent dinner fo hir her husalnd, :nd he declared lie was pleasedo with it, tishe said, ', Well, kiss me then." "Ott, never Illind that, my dear," was the reply ; " the necessariea of life we must have, but the luxuries we can dispense with." T'tln Vicar : " I am surO the inspector will be astonished." dinas IMrown: ' The mixture of quaintlness andi originality in these clildrean' replies leads tme to expect that those of them who are linot poets ill after yearn will le distinguished novelists." " WttEN I look1[ t the moon in the 011y," mRid pirfumted Adolphusl to a farmer's dauglhter, ailrnl Waon about to dilate ulpon that llilnary whiichi i thelltoclk-in tralc of all lovers the world over, (ih quietly lasked: " Well, sir, tlid you ever haplpen to gaze t it when it ni wa liot ill the aky ?" LACYr : "But Professor, how came you to offend Mrs. Smith ?" I'rofesor: " Ah, I vill tell you. lllle. Slllit ?ioI collme to 11e and t11s naly t do want lmy daughter to sing so high as Mees Ilrown; and shoi Ily ilto one rage arnd say darn is nosing low in her fa-mily, iln I (ay M(ees ,Slmit. lle have a low voice !" INs.'rtIuJt?ENTAI, munio is said to attainl to the highl.it perfection in the " Organ MoulataiIs." A TOURtIST who wan asked in what part of Switzerl:aul he felt thie heat most, replied: " When I Oat going to loernc." lWHAT i wtuted in tllheno days is not so much thie o'evation of the stage as thea enlargelellnt of the tmanio of exit from the aiuditorium. 'ITwo fatigued travellers, having to travel ton mile s further, comforled themoelves by tilhe calculation that it was only0 live ( mile each. WVAtI'rt S(o1fr1' said, noriously, in his auto. biography : "'T'hrough every part of 1my literary career I have fell pinched niil hiampellored lit mly own igno A OIAN who has happened to Ihavo a good deal of experience says: "Stand alnywhll ere but four feet to the left of 0a woman wher seli hurls al1 old bottle at a bell." A YOUNG gentleman, speaking of a young beauty's fathlionable ycllowisht hair, called it pure gold. '"It ought to be," quoth hil companion : " it looks like twenty-four Ocrrote." SIsY : " (.)h, whatove\ r is it, Charlie F" Charlie : "ltl'lno ; cuttlleliah, I as'poso " Sissy : "But it's black as a coal!" Charlie: " Well, p'raps it'sa coal. cuttlle lin1 !" "'[ IIONN'T Iean to reflect onl you," salid a coarse, would-bo wit to a ianll whoml he had ilsulted. " No,' 0was the reply, " iyou're not polished enough to reflect on anybody." A N oast-end gentleman takes no interest whatever ill the prevailing dlg show. Ito ays he has one of hliu o\an a itiliom. Hito wife has a tellper, and I1o and the childreC rarely pass a day without an oxhibi tion of " Ma'on 'tiffs." " Hoow in your brother P" asked Mr. Grumpor of a friend. " Oh, ono. Ils heallth is not anly too good, and l e hin been bothered a great deal of late with spinal meningitis." "Spinal who ?" " Meningitin." " Well, why don't Its shoot the Italian 0on of a gunt ?" IN the school of U---, Aberdeeonhire, one (1day a dull boy was maling liMs way to the ma3ter for the third tilao witoh al arithmetical question. The teacher, at little annoyed, oexlaimed, "Come, collnoe, John, wvhat'o the iatlter lnow?" I canna get mall questin rieht," olid lthe boy. " What's wrong with it this (ilno?" " I've gotten nuchlltenponc ower mlUckle." " \ev'er min," said ia manrt boy in a loud whlsperl (with a ely glance at the llastotr), " 1eop it taoe erel', Joch." IN the little town of S- n a drouthy ohiel was mlaking Ili way Itome on i dark night the worso of drhik. Losing his balance, ihe fell headlong into the gutter that rain ialonlg tme side of the houses. Whilo lying in that position It w(onmll camnle out of o1ne of tile (10oors with n wanhing-tub full of 0oapl-sn'llo, alld, not seeing the mllilu lying, eptllllic. the tub in the gutter. T'iu soap ondls nat around thoe UlOa's hiead nlltl ears, (Ian into hlf monthll, when he was heard splutterllg out, " F'or gouldeills ii;lao! chaps, change the drinIk-eOhang the drinlk, or I'mI a waster." A coOUN'In squire, walhiing through one of hin wootls, meetso a labotriig manI just getting over tihe gat at the etrantce to the wood. On a tree which over ishado0wed the gate is a board on which is written, "'No lathL." "Can you ltad ?" .,ays the nsquiro to the ma.11 " Ya'as; where do you s'poso I wa0s orn a1nd bred, it I lll't r'ea '' "11 Well, ia you eln read:l, will 'you be so goold s t to ll me what yo 0 e0 wnriltel there " "What I see0nwrItteo upn t(he1(? 'Why, I Csees an in fernal grealt lie. It ays ' (o 0path,' (and Iang me If tl.(ro isll't an good Ia Iath al ever 0 seed--widle one' for yeou alld lme to nwalk on o t the nelle tilllme." Landlord, colt. founded, walks of tithout say3in uiny more. 'fn? whole fiohintg villago (Stornoway)--to iclrrow at plhrasl from on0 of themslelvolo--ueomed " in dlllgiigl illn dirt." The hIOrrilng-ilhorCot bald lenoughfi the wolleln ourors wosOc, if lpossiblC. Tl'ey brought to 1my mIlilld thI predicamInct of an Edinburghi clergyman (always palrticularly netlt and trih ill hls own attire), whei an aplllcan0t for malrrilago presented hilnself in the molot dlsguntlig igure that cever dartlencd hli study door. "When In it to (take place? " "Dlroactly, (r." "You teran after you hnva cloaned 0oursell?" (Looking dow1 nlt himself winth videant natisfaction). " Och, I'm oeel enoulgh." " You coulldn't be mao:rried in tiulch a dirty tate." " Mo dirty ! What if you snaw hIlr ? " "'Yotr said, Mr.. onaes, your umbrella had a otralight lhanldle?" "I thlought it didt, but since it vanished I am qutitoe cerntain it enlded wilth a hookl." "Is that yorur dlog, Mr. Trigg P" " Yes, sir, that's mly dog." " Is iea cotter ?" " I 'o of thalnt typo, yes, sir." " 011O ! thlenll h'o a type-setter." A rIurvsoxAlo calling one day on a gentleman who had beon coverealy afilicited wilh gout, found to hil surplrise the disease gone, and the gontlemnan rejoicing int hisa recovery over a bottle of lvilno. "CaComo along, doctor," exclaimed tIlhe valetudinarlanl, you 1ro just ill tillo to tasteo this biottle of Mlad?ira. It in the Illratof a 11pipe10 juult broacheld." "All I" replied the doctor, "i thoso pipes of llMadeira will never do. Tlhecy are the caue of all your aleorilng." "Well, theon," rejoilned the gany in curable, "l fill your glaosn, for now tlhat we ihave foutnd out the cuano tlhe sooner we get rtl of it thie betIter." A QUvAlanmnE s said recently to a friend, in roe forenco to the Quaker formula of ntatriago, "It in tritn 0 did not lilromllse to oboy when I was married; Ilut I miht a werll, for I have hald todo it." 'Two Iriolh friendls hnad, from frequent practico, ltrived at a high ploint of ahill in otcallug. One, havlng approllinted a goose, was on the point of bilng, coo ldelonmed biy a jllry for the thoeft, when the frienld iappeared (lld awore tlmt the hird was 00 li, sl(d hitad boei over ?hlno it was Ia gohlitg, iid the prisoner on this waus nctquittedl, Aflterwards, in the course of liln call Ilng, the ingenious twitness was himself arralgledi for otealing a gum. "Don't boe olnasy," whispered theo frormer aulprit, " I'll releanse yo." 'Thretpon he ateppedi Ilnto te awitness-box, and boldly nflrmed tlhnt (the gun wans his and had been avtr soles it vas a glltol, 