ECHOES OF MELBOURNE ? ? (By The Ghost.) Utterly discarding the advice given by the orator of old to 'strike but listen,' a large number of the working men of Mel bourne have .'struck,' without listening to the dictates of either common sense or expediency^ The latest development of the coercion policy adopted of late by the 'downtrodden!' labourer' (earning ten shilling's a dav and ? upwards ) towards the 'bloated capitalist' is the 'calling out' by the Seamen's Union, of rall the crews shipped in Melbourne, now on board the intercolonial steamers. It is not'unlikely therefore that communication ' between the colonies will ere long becoine a matter of serious difficulty, and the more so as the Shipowners' Association threaten by way of reprisals to : lay up' their' vessels until the strike '''is ended by the surrender of ? the- men. ?' Perhaps no time was ever more ill chosen than the pro sent for a struggle between capital and labour. It is no secret that severe com petition has so brought down freiKhts and passenger rates that' the owners of, steam ships are barely realising'; adequate interest on the money, embarked t in their business, and. that rather than , continue running their ships at a' loss, which they, would have to do were their expenses increased, they will lay them' up for an indefinite period. Indeed,' had, the wharf labourers, with whom'thepreserit trouble originated, watched the course of events they would have seen that one large '.firm, that of Messrs. Huddart, Parker, and Co., havp had two of: their largest boats idle at the Geelong railway wharf rather, than con tinue them in the Newcastle coal trade, which at present yields no profit. It is, moreover, much against the 'strikers' .that just now the plasterers, the millers, and the cooks and stewards, should all be, at the same time, thrown out of work, and that the other colonies should, by every steamer that reaches our shoros, add to the number o? men who, in default of being permitted to go to work, must of necessity be provided for out of the funds of the various trade societies. It is reckoned that by the end of the present week there will be fully two thousand men, many of thorn with families, to be fed and housed, and for what period the funds available for this purpose will last is. a serijjus question to be faced. If the leadr ing spirits of the Trades Hall have in their composition any of the wisdom of the ser pent, they will intervene in the present quarrel and erid.it as soori as possible^ Mr. Service has been unburdening him self before his Castlemairie constituents, and in spite of a return of his old com plaint— a relaxation of the vocal chords delivered a speech of some two hours' dura tion. Of the Premier's oration it maybe said that like the crater of Mount Vesu vius, when Lord Dundreary, looked down it, 'there was nothing in it.' 'It' may be described as a, laudation of what has been achieved during his regime, an apology for what the Goverririierit have left undone, ari attempted , justification of the/ K^rfcrd judgesliip '' job,' arid the introduction of Mi\°Diirican Gillies as ,'his successor 'as leader of a .Ministry which must of neces sity be only an iritorim'one.' Beyond thus inviting 'a' scramble '' for' the /spoils of office, Mr.' Service '/did', -not effect very1 niuch.'' ;Ih';re»ard to1 the future he was discreetly 'silent. '.He : is :l quite' ;'con tent to rest^on' His1 past laurels ; -without venturing into tlie realms of prophecy to seek fresh ores. For so experiencud and nstute & politician as Mr. Service must know that in the absence of 'burning' questions the approaching1 elections will result in the return of a number of candi dates on purely personal grounds, and that a great change in the personnel of the Assembly is therefore certain. Judgment and deliberation are likely in the constitu encies to play the part in the general election of February, 188G, hitherto filled by passion and prejudice; and this much to the improvement of the Assembly and the benefit of the colony. Mr. Berry also, as one of the leaders of the coalition — or as Mr. Service prefers to term it the ' amalgamation'' — has also been bidding a temporary farewell to all his greatness. His reception by his constituents was not, however, of the enthusiastic kiud accorded to his chief. Only some half dozen supporters could bo collected to meet the member for Gceloug on his arrival at the Geelong railway station, and instead of a theatre full of listeners, he was per force compelled to address his remarks to under a score of supporters in the back parlour of a hotel ! How are the mighty fallen ! Time was, and not vory long since, when the Chief Secretary in Mr. Service's Government ' wielded, at will a fierce democracy.' Now by even his most arden t former supporters he is looked upon some what in the light of a gentleman who has been ' found ' out, providing snug billets for all his relatives, and finishing off by appointing himself to the most lucrative appointment in the gift of the Ministry. Whether the admirers of Mr. Berry will be able to muster in sufficient force to render the banquet it is intended to tender him anything but a fiasco remains to be seen, The dull monotony of everyday life during the silly season has been varied by an abortive attempt to stick up one of the branches of the Commercial Bank in Collingwood. The would-be robbers were five youths of the larrikin typo, who pre sented a pistol and demanded the bank's funds from the manager. Unfortunately for the would-be robbers the manager was also armed, and in the scuffle with his assailants accidentally shot the landlady of the premises in which the banking busi ness was carried on. In the confusion en suing upon this melancholy accident all the attacking party excepting one escaped, and although some dozen persons have since been arrested on suspicion, the manager of the bank, Mr. Hill, has failed to identify any of his assailants. To the shanio of the police be it said, although three days have elapsed since the occurrence, the perpetrators of the outrage are not yet in custody. If crimes of the audacious nature of the one attempted can thus be perpetrated in broad daylight in the middle of a crowded thoroughfare with the impunity that has up- to the' present marked the Collingwood outrage, the sooner a radical reform takes pLace in the personnel of the police force, from the highest to the lowest grades, the bettor it will be for. the security of life and property in Victoria. That 'conscience makes cowards of us all'' has received another illustration during the week. A man was seen in the Eastern Market to take r; pistol from his pocket and shoot himself through the head on Wednesday. On his body being searched at the Hospital a document was discovered in which the suicide avowed himself the author of a petty highway robbery committed during the previous week in one of che suburbs, and avowed himself unable to face the con stant dread of; discovery under which he laboured. Judging from the success at tendant on the efforts of the detectives to discover the Collingwood bank robbers, the poor man need not have laboured under any very severe apprehension of arrest. How intense the silly season now upon us is can be gathered from the fact that the columns of the leading metropolitan morn ing journals are mw largely devoted to a correspondence on human depravity. The theory of evolution is being really dis cussed under the above heading, and a deal of ink spilled to prove that the human race is after all only the monkey type slightly improved, and the gorilla man's first cousin. It is devoutly to be hoped, for the credit of New Zealand, that the rumour in regard to the class of men brought thence by the s.s. Waihora may turn out to be 'a weak invention of the enemy.' It is said that the bulk of the men sent over here as 'wharf labourers' are convicted criminals and the outscourings of the gaols of the sister island. Up to the present time, however, the men, whatever their antecedents, have behaved well, loyally obeying the commands of those in whose employ they professedly came over, and carefully eschewing the Trades and Labour Unions and all their works. Indeed, so valuable has the accession of labour proved that an employer, who had been told the supposed character of the men, was heard to express his wonder at the fact that if the New Zealand criminals were all sowell behaved there was any crime at all in Maoriland. The latest development of the ' struggle between capital and labour,' as the Trades' Hall authorities are fond of designating the attempted coercion of the shipowners, is the withdrawal of all the crews of the interrolonial steamers, cooks and stewards included, from the recalcitrant owners. As the Union Company of New Zealand, the Tasmaniiin .Steam Navigation Com pany, Howard Smith and Co., and the Australian Steam Navigation Company are at present under the law, the mail arrange ments between the colonies are likely to be seriously interfered with, unless the ex arnple of ' the Pateena on her last trip to . Launcestoii is followed, arid the vessels taken to sea by the officers and a volunteer crow. Truly Victoria is fust becoming ' a fine country for the working man.' [Our telegrams have since notified the conclusion of the strike, the mcu having gained their object. — En. L.E.~\ January 1G. Early Closing Association. — The executive committee; of tho Early Closing Association recently formed in Launccston have not boon idlo, and havo mot with very general support to the movement for ubsiug at U p.m. A largo majority of tho retail business establishments have agreed to close at G p.m., imd a small minority alono stand out. Thu saltish action of tho few, amongst whom are some who wore ardent supporters of tho early closing movement when employes, not only hindoi3 tho Association from successfully achieving its ends but gives rise to irritation, and is always liable to load to the secession of others who now support the movement. The Associatiou are therefore justified in asking the public to support them, and by not shopping after G p.m. remove tho reasons on which the minority of employers now base their refusal to join tho early closing movement. In Hobart tho success of a similar movement was in a great measure duo to tho interest taken in it by the general public, those shopkeepers who refused to give way being given plainly to understand by a number of their customers that so far from increasing their business they would lose custom, a practical hint that had the desired effect. 