THE MELBOURNE PRES BYTERY. CHARGE OF CONTUMACY LAID AGAINST REV. G. DODS. An adjourned meeting of tho Melbourne Pres bytery was held in tho Assembly Hall. Collins- street, yesterday, for tho purpose of taking into consideration the report of tho committee ap- pointed to deal with the 6ermons preached before tho Scots' Church congregatiou by the Rev. Geo. Dods from March, 1884, to June, 1885, and with a letter written by the Rev. Mr. Dods to the clerk of the presbytery, refusing for tbe third timo to pro duce tho manuscripts. Tho attendance was not large. Tho Ucv. T. \V„ M'Gregor, M.A. (moderator), presided, and amongst thoso pro- sent were tho Revs. I). S. M'E&chran;, A. Yule, M.A., D. M'Kenzie, A. Hardie, S. Robinson, D. H. Ballantyne, Joseph llay, W. Ground water Fraser, \\\\\ S. Holland. Dr. Macdonald, Professor Maedonald, Rev. C. Bell. Professor Rentoul aud Rev. J. BaUantyno (clerk) : Messrs. A. Harper and T. Bailhc. Tho Rev. Geo. Dods was also present. About ten minutes past two o'clock the meeting was opened by prayer. The Moderator called upou ibe clerk lo read the order of business. Tbe Rev. Jas. Ballautyne said tho only busi ness was the hearing of the committee's report on the Rev. Geo. Duda's refusal to produce cer tain sermous asked tor. The Rev. S. Robinson (St. Kilda) : Do we not meet in private on this case ? Have we not always done so ? The Moderator : I am not aware of anything having beou said about meeting in private. The Rev. S. Robinson : Have we not always met in private for the consideration of Mr. Dods's case ? .This is-lbe first time that the point has ever been raised whether we are to meet in private or not. The Moderator : We have met in private on this case. Dr. Macdonald : Why not mend our ways ? The Moderator: The point bos not been raised as to whuthor wo ⁢ in private or not. The Rev. 23. Robinson : Then I raise it now, because we adjourned from a private meeting ; and because wo have had several meetings in private on the same case, and therefore the same course should be continued. The Moderator : Is it to bo considered that we sit in private nowj? Several Members : Certainly. Tho Rev. J. BaUantyno : This is an adjourn ment of a private meetiug and must, of course, be private. The Moderator : Then I must ask the mem bers of tho press and the public to withdraw. The presbytery then sat in private. Tbo report brought up by tho committeo at the previous meeting was again read. The following letter from tho Rev. Geo. Dods to the clerk of the presbytery was also read: — 11 Spring-street. Melbourne. 3rd Mnv, 1880. Rev. James Ballantyne, clerk to the Presbytery of Melbourne!. Kercrcnd Sir, — I dnlv received your letter intimat ing that the Presbytery of Melbourne had at Its ineut- iug of tbe 20th of April ndoptcd the following resolu tion: — "That Mr. Dods be culled upon, for the third and last time, to submit to the inspection of the pres bytery tho A1SS. of sermons preached hv liitn in Scots Church between March, I884, and .Tune, 1885. and to pjnee them In the hands of the clerk by 10 o'cloci; on Friday morning; and, farther, that n committee be ap pointed to confer with Mr. Dods as to the perilous posi tion he occupies in refusing to comply with the demnud of the presbytery.' 1 met tlio eommlttoe referred to In the second portion of the resolution, nnd conforred with them. With reference to the tlrst portion of the resolution, I adhere to my original decision, aud respectfully decline to comply with the request of the presbyterr. Certain members of the c ramittee suggested tliat ray declina ture raifebt bu regarded by the presbytery as contuma cious. 1 humbly submit that at the present stage of tlio proceedings this decUuature Is within mv constitutional rights. My action is ocrtaluly not intended to be con tumacious, and X regard it us only legitimate self de fence. I decline to produce the M5S. of my sermons chiefly oa the ground that I have not been accused of heresy. On tbe 24th of March I received extract minutes of tbe meeting of tho presbytery of that dot-, in which 1 find a copy of " the statements tuadc bv Dr. Morrison Iu bis Speech before tho presbytery, at Us meeting on the 2nd Inst., relative to the teacldug of Mr. Pods.' and Immedi- ately thereafter a resolution n<lop:ed by the prediytcrv to "call for the production of these sermons, and all Others preached in tbe Scots' Church between March, 1884, and June, 1835." 1 humbly .submit that thoso extract minutes do not contain a charge of heresy. I have other reasons fur refusing to submit mv MSS. to the inspection of tho presbytery, which aro of com paratively little weight beside this constitutional objec tion. 1 may, however, raeution theso two. First, that the manuscripts of spoken sermons arc not fair tests of a minister's preaching or belief: ami, secondly, that as Dr. Morrison's statements and impressions ore almost entirely negative, to prove thctn well founded would be to piovc nothing. In your letter of the 6th April I was informed that the presbytery had resolved to allow rae until the 20th April to prepare my defence. I did not prepare any defence, because I did not understand then, and I do not understand uqw, who Is my accuser, or what is the charge against which ft defence can bo prepared. 1 nifty, however, bo permitted now to make some reference to Dr. Morrison's statement, which is the only tiling approximately resembling a charge which has yet come before my notice. I gave Dr. Morrison's statements an unqualified, denial on a forme occa sion. t beg to repeat that denial, mid to assert Unit I have never consciously preached any doctrine con trary to the doctrine of tiie I'resbyteriau Church of Victoria. Dr. Morrison's statements seem to imply tlmt he thinks I have constructed for rayseif n system of theology which is contrary to the standards of the Pivsbyteriau Church. 1 lmve never attempted to construct any such system of theology. At tuy licence and ordination I accepted tho Westminster Confession us the confession of my faith. 1 accept it atiU at the confession of my faith— not merely in what some are pleased to call its essential doctrines, but as a whole. But to examine Dr. Morrison's statements in de tail. 1\. Dr. Morrison asserts that " From Mr. Dods's preaching, sin in the sense in which It is used in the Scriptures nnd in the confession is eliminated." 1 be lieve that ' sin is tiny want of conformity unto or trans gression of the law of Omi;" and 1 b.-iievo that 1 teach that doctrine. Dr. Morrison goes on to say, ,,ond hence tho neces ity for regeneration, and the work of the Holy Spirit tinds no place in it." 1 Uo not quite understand whether that to n« impression" pimlucjd by my preaching or an inference from Dr. Morrison's previous assertion. I bclieVc in the necessity for regeneration and in the work of the holy Spirit, and 1 believe that tiicso doctrines are contained in my teaching. Dr. Mor- ; rison says further that "in my preaching the perso nality of the lioly Spirit Is ignored ': Aud yet ho admits tlmt 1 use the words " Glory be 10 the Father, and to tho Son, and to the Holy Ghost." 1 eancot couccivc by what right Dr. Morrison or any other man asserts that I use any uncred formuln without attaching to it all the ; sanctity tlmt the usage of centuries has imparted to it. Furthermore, I believe in the personality and work of the lioly Spirit. 2\. Dr. Morrison says "The true deity and divinity of our Lord arc not so far as 1 lmve heard distinctly and unequivocally taught by Mr. Dod ." Dr. Mor rison's phrase "deity and divinity" is either vogue or tautological ; bnt I am prepared tn assert ray belief in tbo explanation of it which lie garu to the presbytery— 44 The only ltcdeouicr of God's elect Is the Lord Jesus Christ, who being the eternal Son of God be came man, and so was, and conthiueth to be, God and man In two distinct natures and one person for ever." He says farther— 11 On the contrary our Lord holdj the some place as other great teachers, and to classed with such names as Moses and Paul, Luther and Calvin, Carlvle and Emerson." That assertion mode with reference to the teaching of a Christian minister Is too abstud to demand more than a bare denial, which 1 hereby give Ir. 3\. Dr. Morrison says : " From Mr. Doils's teaching the doctrine of the Atonement as laid down in our standards is eliminated." Dr. Morrison's statement is vague. I do not find either In the Confession of Faith or in tho Cntcchlsms any concise statement of tho doctrine of tbe Atone ment I may, however, refer to questions 38, 39 and 40 of the larger Catechism as tiie best concise state ment of the doctrine of tho Atonement as I understand it, and teach it. Dr. Morrison also says: "Our Lord's literal resurrec tion, if taught at all, to taught vaguely, unsatifactorHy end equivocally.' I assert that positively, precisely and satisfactorily to myself, at least, I believe in oar Lord's literal resurrection; 4\. Dr. Morrfecn says : ' I beve not, so far as I recol lect beard a prayer from Mr. Dods presented In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ." The only answer I can make to that assertion to that in Australia 1 must hove offered up a thousand public prayers which Dr. Morrison never heard. One of my most common fonss fo.- concluding a prayer la " Grant us this grace for Jesus sakj." Dr. Morrison says finally " The whole tendency of Mr. Dods's teaching to destructive and rationalistic, cal culated to undermine tbe authority of Holy Scripture, oa-: :o obscure the supernatural and miraculous In reli gion." Tbto statement is vague, and may mean anything or nothing, according to the .Interpretation that oue cnooses to put upon tho different words and phrases. According to any interpretation that I can put upon the words. I believe that Dr. Morrison is mistaken. 1 shall feel obliged bjSyour resding this letter to the presbytery, and by supplying the press with a copy. I am. revererend sir. Your obedient servant, Geobge Dods. After tn irregular discussion the Rev. A. Hardie moved That In consequence of the Rev. Geo. Dods rofasiog to produce certain sermons, as requested by the pres bytery, lie be suspended for contumacy. Tbo Rev. VY. S. Holland seconded the reso lution. Tbe Rev. J. Hay moved an amendment, as follows (1) That thereto no formal accusation against the Uev. Geo. Dods; (2) that the letter sent by the tier. Geo. Dods to tbe clerk of presbytery wua a satisfactory con fession of his belief ; und <3; that any further action taken against the Rev. Geo. Dods in connection with the charge brought forward by Dr. Morrison must be taken is the proper form. Mr. Hay argued at some length in support of bie amendment, pointing; out that Mr. Dods, not having been formally accused, could uot bring forward any defence. Ho also urged the presby tery to take into consideration tho letter which Mr. Dods had sent tho clerk of presbytery, which w&s; a sufficient answer to ail the charges mads against him. Mr. T. Baillie seconded tho amendment. The Rov. S. Robinson moved as a further amendment — That whereas the complaint of Dr. Morrison. aceusJrc the Rev. Gea Dodj of unsound tmdiinc, referred to certain bcrmons as sustaining thto charge- ; and whereas tbe uivmber of presbytery ugrel upou thu uecc-sUy for inquiry ; trad whereas that court resolved jo insti tute an inquiry, und three times uilled on the Rev. Geo. Dods to %ubmlt the MS.S. mentioned by Dr. Mor rison, and all the M.S.S. of sermons preached by the Iter. Geo. Dods In the Scots' Church between March I884, and June, 1335. these latter being thought neces sary so as to arrive at a just view of the Rev. Gr. Dods's uaohlng ; and whereas tbe Rev. G. Dcds refuses abso- iu)«lr to witirdt tht aolfl.M&S;, tho presbyterr saw rotoctaatly compelled to declare the Rev. Geo. Dods guilty of contumacy. This having been duly seconded, tho Rev. A. Hardio desired to withdraw his resolution in favor of that proposed by the Rev. 8. Robin son, but this was objected to, and he was not allowed to do so. The said, during the discussion that followed, that at a recent meeting he had ruled that thero was nn accusation ngainst the Rev. G. Dods, in Dr. Morrison's charge ; but that- since then he had been studying tho laws of the church, and found them in such a largo amount of ambiguity that, ho would much pre fer that the point should bo referred to tho Assembly. Tho Rev. C. Boll moved a resolution embodying tbo remarks mado and tho desiro expressed by tho moderator, the effect of the resolution being that tbe whole matter be re ferred to tho assembly. The Rov. D. H. Ballantyne seconded this pro posal. After discussion, which extended over fully four hours, tho presbytery voted ou the proposals before it, tbo result being that the Rev. S. Robinson's motion was carried by a substantial majority. The proceedings throughout were of an exceedingly quiet character. Pro fessor Rentoul, in tho course of some rcmarkH, referred to the absence of many of tho brethren who hnd supported the Rev. G. Dods's action in this matter, and in ferred therefrom that thoy bad changed their opinions. Referring to Mr. Dods's letter, he said it was thoroughly orthodox, and if Mr. Dods could say that this was his belief, why not produce the sermon?. His refusal to pro duce them was to his utiud proof that he know they were not quite correct The Rev. Dr. Macdonald spoko severely of Dr. Morrison's action in this matter, saying that Dr. Morrison had led the presbytery astray by his heroic language. Ho had not followed up his charge, and the presbytery ought to deal very severely with hiui. The Revs. J. Hay and W. Groundwater Fraser and Mr. T. Baillie appealed from the de cision of tho presbytery to the Assembly. Tho result of this is that the case will have to be finally disposed of by the arscmbly. Tho presbytery roso at half-past six o'clock. 