PASSING NOTES. THE "Vag." informs us that Melbourne, in Derby, England, assesses a lovely cemetery, whence there is a magnificent Mew over Donniugton and Calke Woods. He says: " But : I have secured a selection in St. Kilda Cemetery, which pe to occupy, I should be very pleased to take up one We hardly see what use the " magnificent view" would be to a corpse. Ghosts, we are informed on the best fentliority, are only allowed to come on deck at night. Perhap moonlight night the view might tend to distract the f'Vag's" mind from the thought of what was going to happen to fim when he was once more summoned below. But wouldn't Kie sudden change of climate be apt to give the spirit of that poluiiiinous writer a cold in the head 1 A cold in the head is ad enough under any circumstances ; but a cold in the head would be simply awful to a ghost. There is no instance on [record of a ghost having been seen with a pocket handkerchief ibis possession. We are cordially with the "Vag." in his iiopes to occupy a lot in the St. Kilda Cemetery. May they ioon be realised, and the world have peace. The worst of it JBve are afraid he's so restless he'd come back again and Ibflict upon the Argus readers a series of articles headed 'Wy Hot Weather," or " Underground Notes," IT is our firm opinion that the reader of the A ge newspaper in love, or in debt, or given to drink, or, more likely, all p'ec. On several occasions lately we have felt it our duty to jxunt out the barefaced way in which that paper is throwing fra the cause of the" horny- handed son of toil and taking with the grasping capitalist. That reader has let pother jar at the bone and sinew" of the land escape his face and get into print. Jn " Chips by CEdipus" in Satur l a 5' s d 'j'; we read, " It should be accepted as an indisputable proposition that the man who cannot read or write is unfit to [?nn an opinion of his own on questions of public policy, and | a t the possession of power by such a man is a danger to the lt a tc.' This, from the advocate of the plebixcite, comes on • ^.liite a staggerer, as Dick Swiveller would say. Surely I dijmfr must hold a couple of briefs, one for each side, and fwe made a mistake in addressing his copy. We expect Fijtto see a play wherein the hero is a virtuous nobleman, rO'rl- .y illain a w i°ked peasant. By-the-way, would • £dipus" allow the illiterate the privilege of paying taxes ? s our l'entridge correspondent aptly remarks : "Surely a [Th have a woice in making the laws he suffers under." Iroi 6 • e ™ aus objected to paying taxes without having a Liu' 0 - t,le lnatter a long time ago. Surely a British 'orny- 1 8 as good as a Yank. E j London Town Talk" manbeginshisletterinSaturday's |)ron - V : " Ihope I shall be given some credit in the loo if «¥ ,l ' ter w "" e don't happen to run a pub. we hope so »ron " c * on Town Talk " wants tick though, lie goes the \ Va }' to work in publishing his necessity. He should go WLY LLLTA 1 J R -I. TI-. .I. .fMi Ulto H le k ar and order his favourite poison. He shol J y avoid mentioning the fact that he has left his purse ,0C et of jj Ur rg] his other ti-ousers (pianos are played out, l^t tli man says) until lie has swallowed the mixture. eve , 7 worst he can only get kicked out. Few publicans, say, keep a stomach- pump on the premises. lice' 1 plan is P r °duce a cheque for £5 and request t • leu to one boniface will sooner run the risk of trusting "L. T. T." a drink than change that cheque. As for getting credit in "proper quarters" we trust that " London Town Talk" will follow the example of Melbourne pressmen, and strictly avoid going near improper quarters. Our staff would almost as soon drink water as go into improper quarters for their swizzle. Besides, the keepers of improper quarters generally demand payment in advance. MB. H. S. WINTLE, F.L.S., has just found some fossil crabs of pleistocene age in the old estuarine bed of tbe Yarra. We are glad to hear that. For years we have been busy wondering where ou earth our fish-John got his crayfishes. We used to suspect him of having stolen them from the well- known picture of the miraculous draught of fishes, wherein the artist painted his lobsters and crabs red. But still, as that picture was only painted a few hundred years ago, we bad our doubts. Those crayfishes didn't seem modern enough for that Now we know that he gets them from the old estuarine bed of the Yarra and are happy. A fellow likes to know just what he's eating. If Mr. Wintle will drop in any time we shall be happy to treat him to some pleistocene lobster salad made with Ah Sin's crayfishes. MR. JOUBEUT is looking very blue indeed. He desires to obtain a victualler's licence for Iiis new theatre. But lie has been informed that this will be impossible until the Licensing Act is amended. Mr. Zox has kindly promised that "when the Bill is iu committee" lie will move the insertion of a clause to give effect to the petition. Mr. Joubert has fortunately obtained the lease 'of the site for 30 years, so that although he cannot get his licence iu time for the opening night, yet he is not altogether unlikely to succeed before his lease expires. A YOUNG man named Richard Howard was tried at the Criminal Court last Thursday for perjury. He conducted his own defence and addressed the jury for upwards of an hour. They, strange to say, acquitted him. It's impossible to foretell the vagaries of a jury. Were we on a jury and an accused person kept talking at us for upwards of an hour, we'd find him guilty on all the counts. ANOTHER instance of two names in a suit being brought into peculiar juxtaposition occurred at the Fitzroy Court recently, where Dr. Rose was summoned by J. H. Weeding to recover three guineas, minus sixpence. Is it not Bret Harte who says :— "She was Weeding, and Roue as I came down the path With my lips ready framed for the pleading, To beg her to plant in the light of my hearth Those flowers that never need weeding." SOME statistics ou the number of criminals in different parts of the world are somewhat peculiar. In the matter of murderers, out of 10,000 inhabitants, Italy "can produce eight murderers and a quarter ; Austria, two and a third ; France, one and a half ; and the British Isles a little over one half." These odd fractions are puzzling ; it is very gratifying to learn that, out of every 10,000 persons, there is only half a murderer in Britain, two and a third in Austria, etc., but then there comes the difficulty of conceiving a man divided into thirds, quarters, and halves. It looks all very well on paper, but in reality an individual does not, and never did, look well quartered, Even when the morsels over are added up there stillreinaius an alarming J^of a man to be disposed of. There is one thing to be said, however, when a person becomes fractional, not to say fractious, he can't do much harm, so there is one homicide the less anyhow. MR. CARTER lately said in the house that " everything in this country was protected but brains." Mr. Carter must be very unsophisticated or he would know that Parliament does not trouble itself about such trivial matters. It has protected the woollen mills, and wool generally grows on the top of the cerebullum, except in bald people; but a "protection on brains," pshaw ! it isn't worth talking about. So few people really have any that it would be like an oligarchical monopoly. OUR better-half was reading tbe paper the other morning {we have to wait till after breakfast to get a look at it) when she suddenly burst out with, " The nuts had been removed from the fish-plates !" " May-be they were," we mildly replied, feeling that this ejaculation, required some sort of a reply ; " but it was a funny tiling ever to put the nuts in the fish-plates; I should keep them in dessert dishes." She gave us a pitying you- know-a-lot-about-it look, and said that she had been reading about the Portland railway outrage. 'Twas ever thus. THERE is an old saying that " Any excuse is better than none," and, certainly, some people have that maxim ready to act upon at a moment's notice. A letter-carrier was lately charged with neglecting to deliver certain letters, packages, etc., 130 of which were found in his possession. His defence was that " his walk had not been properly taught him, and that he was frequently absent from home all day without food, as his was one of the longest walks in the suburbs." This was one of the most peculiar pleas that have been urged in that Court; for it leaves the reader in doubt as to whether he meant to imply that this ignorance of his route was responsible for his retaining letters addressed to other people, or that he ate the others in lieu of his dinner. CHARLES DICKENS said that he never saw an old head on young shoulders without feeliug a strong desire to knock it off, so great was his sense of the fitness of things. If Charles were alive now, and paid a visit to Melbourne, the odds are he'd be getting prosecuted for assaulting the midshipmites of our Victorian Navy. We learn from a general order by the Naval Commandant the following qualification will be required for probationary midshipmen :—Navigation.—1. To be able to write a legible hand. 2. To understand the first five rules of arithmetic. 3\. The use of logarithms. 4\. The use of the sextant with its adjustments. 5\. To be able to take observations, and to find the index error. G. To be able to work a course and distance and a day's work, and to lay off course and a ship's position on the chart. 7\. To be able to find the longitude by sun chronometer. 8. To understand the use of the artificial horizon. Strangely enough, Captain Thomas doesn't require his young gentlemen to square the circle. We think he should make that a sine qua non. Captain Marryat was wont to complain of the existence of forty-year-old midshipmen. We can see how that happened now. We have come to an age when we look back on fo.ty as the springtime of youth. But we haven't the slightest idea of the use of an artificial horizon, ana the only way we could find out what purchase was required to lift a given weight would be to haul on the tackle until the given weight gave in. We have been accustomed to think of middies as light-hearted little boys in blue. For the future we shall treat them with awful deference as possessors of knowledge hardly inferior to that of a Chinese mandarin. If anybody happens to see a little boy in a blue jacket, with a bald head' or grey hairs, a corrugated brow, crows feet aiid green spectacles, they'll know they are gazing on one of Captain Thomas' successful midshipmen who has grown unduly learned, and is carrying about an old head on young shoulders. • 