AN IRISH WIT. Lord Clare was a determined enemy of Curran whilst he was at the Bar. The L-rd Chancellrr ruined his practice at t!. :hancery Court. and his clients were aldwys sufferers. Indeed Curran stated that the losses in his professional income from the animosity of Lord Clare amounted to no less than thirty thousand pounds. The incidents.id the Court in consequence of this dissagree ment were sometimes ludicrous. On one occasion when it was known that the advocate was about to make an elaborate argument in Chancery. Lord Clare broughtaNewfoundland dog upon the bench with him, and paid much more attention to the dog than the barrister and the fact was com mented on by the profession. At a material point in the argument the Chancellor lost all deceny, and turned quite aside to fondle the dog. Curran stopped at once. "go on, go on," said Lord Clare. "Oh, I beg a thousand pardons, my lord I " was the ready re ply" " I really took it for granted your lordship was engaged in consult ation." A witticism of Fitzgibbcn, the only one recorded of him, is so good as to make one wish for more. Chief Baron Yelverton went over to London accompianed by Curran, Egan, and a Mr. Barrett. notorious for his skill at cards. "He travels," said Fitz gibbon. " like a mountebank. with his monkey, his bear, and his sleight-of hand man." This Egan was a great friend of Curran's, and held the office of Chairman of Kilmainham. He was a man of huge size and massive build, as bravely and nearly as black as a coal porter. In an election for the borough of Tallagh, outside Dublin. Egan was an unsuccessful candidate. He appealed and the matter came before a committee of the House of Commons. It was in the heat of a summer afternoon that Egan was seen struggling through the crowd in a profuse perspiration, and mopping his face in a huge red hanker chief. "I am sorry for you," said Curran, "very sorry indeed." "Sorry! Why so, Jack, why so ? I am perfectly at my ease." "Alas, Egan, it is evid ent to every one that looks at you are losing tallow (Tallagh) fast." the friendship that existed between the two for many yeas was interrupted by a quarrel so nitter that a duel was the counsequence. Tney met on the Fifteen Acres, and on the ground Egan com plained that the disparity in size gave his adversary an unfair advantage. "I might as well shoot at a midge as at him," said Egan, "and he may hit me as easily as a turf stack." "I tell you what, Mr.Egaa," said Curran, pistol in hand ; "I wish to take no advantage of you whatsoever. Let my size be chalked out upon ydur side, and every shot which goes out-side of that mark may count for nothing.". The contest atter that was not a deadly one, and though they fired, neither was hit, and a reconciliation' followed. At Nisi Prius one day Chief Justice Carleton, a lugubrious personage, came into court, looking unusally gloomy. He apolo gised to the Bar fur being necessitated to adjourn the court for that day, "though proceeded his lordship, "I am. aware that an important issue stands for trial; but the fact is, I have met with a dom estic misfortune which has deranged my nerves. Poor Liidy Carleton' (in a low tone to the Bar) '-has most unfort. tnostely miscarried, and-" "Oh, my lord," interrupted Curran,."there. is.no necessity. for your lordship' to make any apology, as itis clear nowv than your lordship has no issue to try." Alter Curran's elevation to the bench as Master of Rolls, a gloom ieemsd to have fallen upen his spirits. Hei disliked his position, for which he felt himself un qualified. As he said," "When the party with which I had acted so fairly had after long proscription come at last to their natural place, I did not expect to have been stuck into a wingow, a spectator of the procenr ion." Aie was bitterly opposed to the Union though after it had token place he would not tEike part in an agitation for its repeal. He vqas one day, after the final debate setting his watch7 at the Polt Office then opposite the'Pai;liament House when a noble member who voted in the majority said to him, with ill.timed jocularity, "Curran, what do they mean to do with that useless building'? For mypars, l am sure I hate eren the sight,of:it." "I don't woender at it, my lord,l. was the reply, "'1 ;never yet heard of a murderer that was not afraid bf a ghost.'"-- Temple Bar. I1 i880 the fnumber of 19uiaday Schools in thd United States was over 80,000. The iamberof :tesi~hii about 900,000, ia?n over Q,000oo0 holhtshr 