Clippings &om; all Sources. I Ten female compositors were recently admitted to the St. Louis Typographical Union. Efforts are being made to arrange a sculling match between Gaudaur ami Beach, to take place next year for a stake of £2000. The President of the United States has decided not to allow photographs of his wife to be hawked about for sale. What is more pathetic than to see the simple faith with which a bald-headed man will buy an infallible hair restorative from a bald-headed barber 2 The largest pearl in the world was sold in London recently for £630. It was 2 inches loug and 4 lDches in circumference, and weighed 3 ounces. Somebody named Terry lias been fined £2 by the Brisbane bench for representing him self to a publican as being a bona fide tra veller in order to obtain liquor or a Sunday. Quv.i/n Victoria wants to marry her widowed daughter-in-law, the Duchess of Albany, to her widowed son-in-law, the Duke of Hesse. This is mutually consoling. At the annual congress of cyclists opened at Colchcster recently two young ladies attended who had ridden from Loudon on tricyles, a distance of more than 50 miles. A man named Fisherty, -while assisting to uuload a dray, met with a bad accident at Watsouvilk' recently, A case of bee'- roiled off the vehicle, and falliug on his leg, broke it. Daring the shipping dispute it transpired there is a greatdifference between the labor required in use of Australian arid British coal the latter involving full}' 30 per cent less labor. Suicides or attempted suicides are becom ing so frequent on Charters T"wers, that they are regarded in the light of 3-ounce crushings-events which do uot cause much excitement. The diamond trade at Antwerp has of late been largely developed. T"e value of the diainondsj cut there every year is estimated at £100,000 sterling. They are exclusively Cape stones. THE New Zealaiid is determined not to yield to the Cable Company in the drmund for iucrased rates for telegrams. If the r&.tes be raised they would ask authority to lay a new cable, which could be done in one year. The Queen refused to allow Miss Chamher layne, the American beauty who lately made a stir in ''society," to be invited to the state ball, although the application was supported by the Prince of Wales. The testimony of a woman before a Rait Lake Court the other day in a polagamy case was in substance that " she didn't know whether her husband had another wife or not; it wasn't of sufficient importance to talk about." A foreign lady, who lost £12,000 at the Monte Carlo gaining-tab'.es, has committed suicidc in a village, near Grenoble. This makes the seventy-sixth case of suicide owing to losses at Monte Carlo since the begining of the season. In the House of Commons, on August 20, Thomas Power O'Connor maintained that Ijord Randolph Churchill's speeches were the original cause of the Bclfasts riots. Every man who had lost his life in the riots was the dupe and victim of Churchill. The shippers of thirty fat bullocks from Rockhampton to Sydney. are. grievously dis appointed at the result. One died on the voyage, and the others realised an average of about £12 10s. a head. This, for beasts weighing 10001b. or more, is very low. Agrarian outrages having been rife of late in the South-west of Ireland, special police precautious have been taken for the suppres thereof, resulting in the arrest in County Kerry of three separate parties of moon lighters, numbering nineteen persons in all. Walking is now the correct thing in Paris for fashionable ladies, driving' being con sidered oat of date. Accordingly Parisian bells conscientiously take daily constitu tionals in the Bois of Champs Elysees, after the model of their Australian sisters on the " block." The newest colour for table decorations is a vivid crimson. All kinds of flowers pro duced in this colour fcn be used together; relieved only bj green, and the white table cloth forms the ground. Trails of flowers laid on the table cloth are a very favourite form of decoration. A great sensation has been caused at Don querque by the announcement of the return from Greenland of three married fishermen after au absence of seventeen years, during which time they, it is asserted, held in cap tivity by the uatives. Their wives in the meantime had taken other husbands. A legacy of some £12,000 has been left to the Jena University, to be applied in zoological research on the basis of Darwin's evolution theory. The testator is Herr Paul von Hitter, of Bessie, who brieves the teach ing of Darwin & be the greatest sign of pro gress which the century has yet given. Further particulars of the.death of the Rev. Peter Campbell^ whowaa killed on the railway line near . Melbourne on Saturday night, showed that the deceased had been seen intoxicated a couple bf hours before his i body was discovered. A pawn ticket for some jewellery aud a gold watch was found upon him. The list of spoils of office has been printed in Truth» Total, 110,000 to peers and sons of peers. Besides this, the Duchess of Buccleuch receives £500 as Mistress of the Robes, and eight peeresses £500 each as Ladies of the Bedchamber. These salaries, says Mr. Laboucbere, would give £50 per annum to 2722 persons who are not peers or sons of peers. " Vegetarians may well give up the ghost," observes a London contemporary, for at the Indo-Colonial Exhibition on Whit-Monday no less than 80,294 persons passed the turn stiles-a multitude exceeding great which consumed 50,000 rolls, 5000 loaves of bread, and 50 tons, or 112,000 lbs of meat. Tbatxs to say that each mau, woman, and child at the " Colonies" that day disposed of nearly l&lbs; of meat. A letter received from Lillywhite by last mail, states that the following players have been secured for the Australian tour, namely: -Messrs. Barnes, Shrewsbery, Gkinn, Sherwin, Scotton, and Flowers, from Notting ham ; Messrs. Barlow and Briggs, from Lancashire ; Messrs. Lohiuann and M. Read, from Surrey; and Bates, from Yorkshire. W. W. Head was unable to come, but two j amateurs are expected to accompany the team. Mr. Shaw will probably remain in England. The Vienna Ne.ne Free. Pressc reports that recently, while two children, aged re spectively thirteen and eight years, were minding cattle in an Alpine valley; near Wippach, jn the district of Gorit? iu Illyria, a royal eagle swooped down on them, and, seizing the smaller of the boys with beak and talons, lifted him from the ground, and tried to carry bim off. His screams brought to his assistance his companion, who struck the eagle on the head with a knotted stick, aud partially stunned it. The bird endeavoured to fly off, but, before it could do so, it was shot by a huntsman. Its wings measured nearly lift, across. We purpose re-opening our Tailoring Branch with an entirely new Stock of Tweeds, &c.;, suitable for the Coming Season. Samples and cards of self- measurement for warded when requested. Perfect fitguaran tecd.-Bino & M'Naughton, late Bing & Campbell, Roma, . 