CHAPTER VII. DONE IN TUB DAWK. TrotM'a lay still and solitary, with the afternoon sun casting lengthening shadows across its darkening face. The silence was ', profound that the occasional chirrup of a magpie perched on a tree near the hut sounded incongruously loud and startling, and when the bird (lew away, the whirr of its win^s soemed disproportionately noisy. With its departure the stillness became again un disturbed, until another winged visitant-a now-perched on the roof of the hut and lillcd the Hat with the loud echoes of its dis cordant croak. From its post of vantage the solitary crow sedately contemplated its surroundings, uttering its hoarse notes in appreciation of tlm loneliness and silence. .'It's you!" said the Goan, who just then arrived. " I'd like to put a shot into you with jour death's-head croaking. It's enough to send a man melancholy mad to hear them devils. Ugh ! it's as lonely as death in this r.lace. I wish I'd never cast eyes on it-or liim. What's that?" The man had advanced out into the open as lie spoke, peering cautiously about as lie ventured forward. A shadow flitting across the ground caused him to start appre hensively and turn pale It was nothing, however, but the shadow of a parrot seeking die shelter of a neighbouring tree, and the man, recovering himself with a harsh laugh, advanced towards the hut " Vou ore growing nervous, Gabriel," he muttered to himself. " Pull yourself together, ?nan ; you are not a child. But lirst to see if the gold is safe." lie made his way to the hut, and enter in!;, turned up one end of the blanket stretched out on the ground, and com menced digging with his sheath-knife He soon had enough earth displaced to bring to view a distended chamois leather bog. " All right," he muttered, " I don't want it yet. I'll let it he here. I've plenty on me, and it's safer where it is." lie replaced the earth in the small hole he bad dug, ramming it down carefully and smoothing it over with his hand. Then he replaced the blanket and rose to his ieet. Striding across to the place where they had been accustomed to make the camp Ore, he raked the ashes together, and piling on some brushwood, struck a light and set it in a blaze Then throwing on more wood, he (stood gazing restlessly at the shifting after noon shadsws. For some reason every familiar accompani ment of the waning day and the solitude teemed to bear a terrible signification to the mind of the solitary man. The lengthening shadows became so many phantoms; the ripple of the river, the sough of the wind, soon Is that instilled in him actual fear; the consciousness ot his loneliuess, a fact fraught with terror. A bullfrog uttered a hoarse croak from some hole in the river bonk, and the Goan started as though at the Bound of a phantom voice. A curlew intoned its melancholy wail, and was answered by its mate ; again Lobo started and turned pale '. I think all the devils out of hell are loose to-night," he muttered apprehensively, stand ing in the full light of the fire " What can it mean? What was that I saw? Could it be real? Could it be a ghost? No, who should know better than me that such things are only for fools to believe in? Ghost spirit ! No, it was nothing. I won't believe it It was my fancy played me a trick. But it is as lonely as death here The placeis like the grave I'll ride over to Cuttriss Creek and stop there for to-night. I want company-I want her." " Good day, mate How're yon poppin ?' Lobo turned with a face white as death. The voice broke upon his ears so suddenly that at first he thought it Borne supernatural greeting. Then, recovering presence of mind, he recognised the visitor. "Hallo! Yorkey. Where in the devil's name do yon hail from? Gome on, man, and take a pull at this bottle " The sight of your face does me good. It's as lonely as the grave in this cursed place Come on, mate, to the fire and have a warm." In his relief at the presence of a fellow being, the Goan seemed quite to lose com mand over himself, " Come on, mate 1" he exclaimed again, with boisterous cordiality. "I was never more pleased to see a man than I am to see yon. Your ugly old face is like on angel's. Drink, man, drink, and be merry.* I'll play you a tune if yon want" He forced the bottle into the other's hands, and slapped him on the back in token pood-will ana amity. What'snp with you?" growled Yorkey uuappreclatively, in' response to these bois terous demonstrations of friendship. "Are > ou goin' off yoor head, or what ? Keep your hands to yourself and leave tny bftck alone, darn you. Growling out indignant protests of this Kind, the old fosslcker glared ferociously at bis exuberant companion, and then applied «i m?810 'ke whisky bottle. That's rights ejaculated Lobo, in nowise rebuffed at his companion's ill- temper. "Drink jway. , It'll drive away the blue devils, end there are plenty of them in this caned hole ni give you a tune to liven you ap." tr Wftnfc none ot your selections »oin Sbakspeare on the accord eon," re sponded Yorkey ungraciously. "I want to before it sita too late. I've? got B0«ebUnesa first with you." . What, .man I You don't mean to go back iwut,tri5?B to-night and leave me here all Gwpfcon, have another, pull at the! "ojBky, and make yourself at home" Plfccfifor makin' myself at borne r °°v* aa..ma^6 bisseif at * home here wh.fi.®eem to ,ike It See ye hew, Lobo, or v?W £er ,0UrJ cussed jPoragee name is, cover J 0U olw there young "Done with him? What are you talking about The thief snavellcd the gold and went on in the night-that's what s become of him. "Don't tell me no such yarn as that I know better. Look ye here, Mathias " ' I tell you my name isn't Mathias," inter rupted the other darkly. , " 7T~ ^ook J'e here," proceeded the old roasiclcer, taking not the slightest notice of the interruption. " Rev you done the same with him us you done with his brother seven year ago ? " !i *~'ur8e yo«.' What do you mean ? " '1 mean this. I want you to say what'B come to that there young cove. That gal of hisn iii at Cuttriss's did me a kindness, and I m goin' to pay it back. I ain't goin' to see her wronged ; and that young chap has got to come back again. I know you ; and 1 know you've had a hand in it" Is that what you came about, then?" | No, it isn't. I want some more greed." More money? What have you done with the twenty notes I gave you?" || Mined 'em," answered Yorkey, laconically. 1 You don't get any more from me, then," responded Lobo, violently, "not for another month, You drunken dog; you've spent twenty pounds in three days." " Well, and what if I hev ? You've got plenty more." || Not to give a drunken pig like you." " Well, 1 m goin' to hev 8ome," responded the old man surlily. " I reckon if Jem (Jolt's bones has got to lay quiet where they are,yoa|vegot togive me another twentynotea." "We'll see about that. You agreed to twenty notes a month, and I'm not going to alter it." Whilst the two minerB were exchanging compliments in this pleasant strain, the afternoon had gradually waned, and the shades of evening began to envelope the flat, The dark shadows of the hills gradually lengthened, until they invested the entire valley. The sun had Bunk out of sight, but an orange glow, Hushing the horizon, still marked its place of decline. Gradually even that faded from a paler yellow to a semi transparent greyness, and then it was swal lowed up by the encroaching darkness. By this time the river liat was entirely buried in shadow; except where the red light of the camp-fire penetrated, it was dark and obscure. Lobo gave an involuntary shiver as the last traces of light faded from the sky, and when he turned to his companion it was with less vehemence and decision. " I tell you it's no use my giving you money if you blue it directly you've got it You'd run the sea dry at that rate." Yorkey bent down to the fire, and taking up a glowing stick applied it to the broken clay pipe in his mouth. "You've got to do it, ennybow," he an sweredy puffing out dense clouds of smoke. " A cove's got to live, and I'm cleaned out lock, stock, and barrel." " I don't mind giving you a fiver." "A fiver f I want twenty quid," he an swered doggedly, assuming a more deter mined tone as the other wavered. "I won't take a penny less." I " Well, then, confound you, you shan't have it," shouted Lobo, his violent temper break ing out "That's the hand you play, then, is it?" said the other, with all an old man's obsti nacy. "Then this is the band/play. If you don't ante up twenty notes, and tell me what you've done with that young Arnold, I goes straight for Cattriss's, and tells the perlice office: what'll put him on the track of Jem Golt, as was murdered seven year ago. Don't you come too nigh me," he continued delibe rately, as Lobo made a threatening move ment towards him. " I ain't such a blarmed idjit as to come here without bein' ready for you. I know yon, Hathias, or Lobo, or what ever you call yerself. If you come a step nigher I'll blow your Portigee brains out" lie had taken a revolver from inside his shirt, and stood with it pointed at the bead of his pleasant companion. The other drew back with a laugh fall of sinister meaning. " Put up your d-d revolver, Yorkey," he said, showing little fear. "Them ain't the things for you and me; there's too much risk about tbem. I wasn't thinking of going for you. You needn't be frightened." " I wouldn't trust you-not with the life of a cat lint we've had enough barneyin'. Are you goin' to stump up, and tell me what's come to that there mate of yourn!" "Not L" " Then I'm off, and that's all." And without another word the old fossicker, his revolver still in his hand, turned away. Lobo's gleam ing eyes followed his retreating figure with a look so sinister, so diabolical, that his whole face was transformed. The old man bad got some distance when he called out, " Stop, you fool." Yorkey stopped, and the Goan made his way hastily to him. They stood now by the shaft which Lobo and Arnold had worked at with so much success. The fire, still burning brightly, lit up the spot with a red glare that quivered with the rising and falling of the names. Atone moment, the two men-the shaft with its windlass and drum, from which depended a rope and bucket-and the background of trees, were illuminated with a bright red gloom ; at the next they were buried in shadow. "Stop, you fool," exclaimed Lobo again. " Don't sherry off like that." "Are yon goin' to do as I saidS"asked Yorkey, doggedly. " Yes or no ?" " Well, it you must have it I suppose yon must," muttered Lobo, in a suppressed voice. "But I tell you again I haven't twenty pounds in the camp." " You hev. I know you hev. You re lyin the same as you alwayB da" Something; in Lobo's looks seemed to attract Yotkey's suspicions, for he burst out into a loud exclamation, and pointed' the firearm at his head. _ " Where are you edgin to ? Keep away, or I'll let fly. Keep off-or by the liviu' - 1" The flames, sinking low, left" the spot buried in sudden obscurity. Ont of the dark ness came the sounds of a deadly struggle. There was a trampling of heavy feet, a shrill exclamation, the report of a pistol, the noise of a falling body, and then all wob quiet Aided by the darkness Lobo bad sprung forward with a tiger-like bound, and knock ing up the revolver, had struck Yorkey a terrible blow on the forehead. The re volver exploded harmlessly in the air at the same time that the ill- starred fossicker's body disappeared into the dork opening of th,fhe Goan stood breathing heavily at the mouth of the hole. But at that moment the fire, bursting again into life, lit up the scene with an angry glare. Startled, be raised his eyes, and a shriek burst from his lips, for there-over the black void down which the unfortunate man had vanished-fitood a ghostly shape, thin, im- j palpable, immaterial-in the likeness of Arnold Golt! 