THE GOLDEN HOPE: i A ROMANCE OP THE DEEP. j" I dreamt a dream that was not all a dream/. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of "A Ska Qukun," " Tin: Wukuk ok thb Ghosvenoh," "A Sailou's Sweet- JlEAltT," &0. (The Right o£ Translation is Reserved.) ' CHAPTER XVI.— (Continued.) And perhaps Fortcscue's patience was not unindebted to his ignorance of the meaning ofjbeating against a strong head wind and sea. Hud the Golden Hope brought up, say, in Lyme Ray or under the lee of the " Wight," he would have chafed to a cer- tainty Willi mo tliouglit ot uic ancnor being down and the schooner tumbling and straining without one inch of way ; but he could not help feeling to an extent satisfied when every time he looked over the rail, whether to port or to starboard, lie found the . vessel lying down to lier work, shearing and seething tlirough it, with a wake racing out astern of her that might for length and whiteness have served for a speed of ten miles an hour. Resides, being often tempted to go into the head, for the delight it gave liim to look over the rail and watch tlie stem of his vessel ripping through the olivc- colorcd water, Hinging the rude foam off her weather bow or arching the surge backwards into a frothless, glass-like comber, lie never failed to find a kind of exultation inspired in liim by the golden figure under the bowsprit, poised in impetuous poso and triumphing with lifted trumpet over the swelling waters, that leapt mid then fiashedi and then scattered to right and left before the proud bounds nnd graceful tigrous-like movements of the little craft. Moreover, the wet, bois terous weather, by obliging him to keep under shelter, led to long talks with Stone and Hiram Weeks, us the men's waLcli below or on .deck permitted ; by which means he acquired a very good knowledge of their characters and peculiarities, besides being much amused by thorn. Of Stone lie had the higher opinion ; but lie believed lie could sec a great deul of genuine manhood under lying Hiram's gaunt nnd ugly exterior, and lie liked liim lor this us well as for many little things in his speech and manner, too subtle to bo expressed on paper, but felt as a glance isior a faint gesture. Yet Fortcseuo was embarrassed by him when they were three clays out, eating their 1 o'clock dinner, Stone keeping the deck, Johnny standing at the foot of the ladder in attendance, and the skylight dark with a squall which made the schooner so frisky that it was not only hard for the clergyman to sec his plate, but to keep it from tumbling into his lap. " You may calculate, Mr. Fortescue," said Weeks, " that the ocean '11 make another man of you. The sleeves and backs of your coats '11 have to bo let out long before we're beading for - home if they're to clothe yoti. When I was first bent on going to sea, I was that delicate in my constitution that my mother had to stand over me with a stick to make me cat. Six months after 1 had used the sea I'd havq broken that same stick over the head of any man as should liavo done me out of as much of my 'lowance of pro visions as might have been eat up by a fly whilst a chap looked oil. Yes, there's no medicine like salt water. Only think of what you breathe. 'Take this breeze every mouthful of it cotncs right across the Atlan tic with nothing between and nothing par ticular behind, for the Yankees arc a mid dling clean people ; besides, where this wind starts from, it may ho ;all prairie and clean const from Washington to Charles- town, South Carolina." " I have no doubt that the ocean air will do wonders for me," replied Fortescue quietly, never much relishing any reference to himself. !' I hope," continued Weeks, filling a glass from a bottlo of beor that ho took from the swinging tray, and balancing it as easily as though there was not a move in the schooner, whilst lie held it up to tlio skylight and peered through it with one eye that seemed to start from its socket like a lobster's, " that you'll, not think I'm wanting to know too much, if 1 ask what put it into your head to sail for the Indian Ocean, 1 understand?'-' he added, after taking a drink, " that some friends of yours arc missing from the Wcrn- lam — niino ship, sir, notliing finer in the merchant sarviee was ever burnt or lost ; and Mr. Salt told me that one reason of your's for seeking Stone's Island was that you might find out whether your friends was likely to be on it." Fortescue gave him a half nod, and fold ing his arms, watched him, whilst Johnny tumbled nbotit the table, clearing up. " But Mr. Salt said your main object was your health, though Sloue hud replied no to that ; but thou Mr. Salt's bound to know more .about it than Stone, and if 1 make so bold as to ask you why you cliooso tho , Indian Ocean, it's because 1 can't help fancying that more southerly latitudes would suit you better. It's broiling hot whore we're bound to, sir ; you'll have a taste of it this side afore you gets there, and as to tiny- ono you have concern in being on that island of Stone's, why the chance is so much against it that 1 wouldn't tnke it into cal culation if I was yon, sir, but think only of your health and keep to the south side." . " Ho doubt you're right as regards the difference' of the climate between the Equator and the latitude, say, of tho Capo of Good Hope," said Fortescue, " but I have an idea that some of the survivors of the Verulam may be on that island — which yon call Stone's Island — a good name tor it! — and Mr. Stone is more correct than Mr. Salt in 'saying that my chief object in pur chasing this vessel and making the voyage was to satisfy my -mind on that subject." Hiram Weeks could not restrain his curiosity, " Reg pardon, I'm sure, Mr. Fortescue, bnt if you've no better authority for believing survivors to be on the island than supposin', won't it come to making this woyage a very expensive job to you if you find that there's uotlicn living when you get there?" . " Let us get there first-," said Fortescue, with perfect amiability, but in a tone which compelled Hiram to understand that the ' subject had been carried far enough. '('he skipper took tho hint, and after a stare at the skylight, and then a look ot the tell-tale compass, and uttering a brief marine growl at t:hc weather, ho wnut on deck. He was puzzled, and stood a minute in the companion hatch, rubbing bis nose and peering at old Stone, who stood to windward of tho tiller, clapping his breast for warmth ; be bad hall' a mind to talk tho tiling over with liis mate, because his curiosity had been excited by heaving Mr. Fortescue him self say that his principal object in making the voyage was to seek some friends in tho far-off island. " As how," lie said to him self, " could he know there wa3 any of 'em there? for the mere hoping that tiiev wore there wasn't going to make a man spend all two thousand . pounds and travel twenty thousand miles and leave his duties ashore to take careof themselves;" but after contem platively squinting awhile at Stone, he re flected that Mr. Fortescue would bo annoyed if it came to his cars that tho captain of his vessel was talking and arguing about him ; so instead he toid the mate to go below ami get bis dinner ; and took his place on the weather quarter, after a yell to the fellow in the bows- to keep his eyes skinned, for, said he, addressing the seaman who was grasping the tiller rope, " Confound me, Harry, if this here smother isn't like a cauldron that I once saw bilin' in a theuytcr when a picco was being presented called Macbeth. There was some old women eolleeted around that job, and among other things I roc'klot of their chucking in was a lizard's leg and a Jew's liver, and tho blood of a sow as had ate her little uns." " Who was goin' to swallor the likes of such broth as that?" said the helmsman, whose mahogany face looked almost black in the dusky drizzle, and from contrast with the reddish beard that forked straight out over the eollar of his oilskin coat. " P'raps them old women meant it for sailors." " It's'not the broth I'm talking about," said' Weeks, "it's tho liallegory, if you know what that means. 1 say that tips here smother is like the smoke from the cauldron I saw, only instead of ghost coming up out of it, as they did in that t-henyter play, it'll be wessels to run against and then, with a long look round, lie felt for a piece of tobacco and muttered, "two eyes ain't enough for a sailor. If nautical men had been taken into consideration when tliis hero airth came blooming up into life out of nothen at all, I allow they' d have been treated as tho peacock - is, eyes enough to sleep with-and keep a look-out with at t he sarno time ; eyes for tho hoad and eyes for tho stnru j eyes like yours and mine for line weather and eyes like a proper ship's glasses when it drawed up thick." "That's about it, sir," said tho other, " only you'd need to have eyes fixed where a man could' uso 'cui when ho was dressed. Sight 'ud be of little use, fair or foul, if a man had to blind it every timo be put on his clothes." Weeks had reason to grumble, because these days of Channel thickness put a deal of heavy responsibility upon him. It was not the cold, nor the wet, nor tho head wind ; it was having to be up and down all the time, seeing thnt everything was right, that the look out, was alive and keen, and so forth. He hadn't tho shadow of a doubt that Mr. Stone was to be trusted up to the hilt ; but the man was old as sailors go, had knocked off the sea for soine years, and wanted watching, at all events till tho sky showed the road clear ; not because tho spirit in perfection wasn't in Stone, but be cause the flesh that had been soaked for years and years in briny water might, now that it had been brought back to the old clement, decline to prove particularly willing. The fruiter was but a little craft — HO tons ; larger in those days than she would bo thought now, but small nil the same ; and offering a hull which a tall, lumpish East or West lndiaman, or a massive frigate, French or English, or big warship of any nation, with bows like a cliff, thundering up Chan nel or stretching north or south on a bowline, would run down without feeling more of a " thud," just enough to make the look-out peer over the rail and wonder whether it could have been a baulk of timber or a buoy. Now and again a dingy sort of smudge would show out to port or starboard, and ii the schooner was heading that way tho blotch would take tho shape nnd substance of a smack, perhaps, or a groaning old Sunderland pink bound to n Frencli port, or a rakish Yankee brig steering for London river, driving with a curtsey out of iho folds of vapor into open Sjiacc, more like a toy than a real vessel, with her cotton- wliito canvas, skysail poles, white netting round lier short poop, and the metal under her counter gleaming as though a glare of sunshine touched its wetness, when after a sauey frisk or two she swung into tho mist and faded out. Rut most of tho craft tho Golden Hope passed in thnt dreary, drizzl ing, bitterly cold and blowing time, were just phantoms, oozings of shadows which never took shape, yet plentiful enough to make the daylight — not to speak of the long hours of darkness — formidable ; and a blessed hour was that "lien on the eve of tho change of weather, Stone's and Weeks' noses, each with a crystal at the end of it, met closo in tho light of tho binnacle, in the delight the men took to noto that the wind had veered with a sudden leap to the eastward of south, mid thnt the Goldon Hope might at last be headed west by north half north, with the strong breeze that had been baffling lier for five days now abaft the beam. (to he continued.) 