Our Champion's Birthday. [ (From the London Sportsman.) William Beach, the champion sculler of the world, was born in Addlestone, Surrey, on Septem- ber 6, 1851, so he is consequently 35 years old this summer. After his glorious victories on the Thames his personal and professional friends thought it would be an excellent occasion to present him with a few tokens of their estimation and high regard. Beach, who is one of the most retiring and unas- suming men in the world, and who takes a victory with as much coolness as a defeat, was certainly very much overcome by the evident consensus of goodwill and hearty feeling towards him displayed yesterday. He was taken quite unawares, every- body in the morning at the White Hart, where he ho is staying, having wished him the usual hearty English salutation of "Many Happy Returns of the Day " before he went for his usual matutinal spin on the Thames, but nothing beyond this trans- pired. The landlord of tho historical Thames-side hostelry, who has throughout been most zealous in his anxiety to promote the comfort of his guests, however, presented Beach with a very handsome silver spirit flask, engraved with his name and the date of his auspicious occasion. During the afternoon Mr. Deeble and a few friends returned from town, and met in the White Hart sitting room, occupied by the Australian party. Beach came down from his after-dinner siesta, trolling a merry song in a sten- torian base, loud enough to have roused the envy of tho ghost of Hector. At that time there were assembled Mr. J. G. Deeble and Messrs. Fred Hagon, Alf. Hawthorn, Peter Kemp, and Alfred Allison (of the Sportsman). After some little chat over the Hanlan challenge, Mr. Deeble handed to Beach a small packet as a present from Mr. Silk, of the Vic- toria Club. This proved to be a most beautiful Sheffield presentation knife, with mother-of-pearl handle and serrated back, with parcel-gilt enrich- ments. The champion, whose name was engraved on the handle of the knife, was apparently as pleased us if he had suddenly found the Parramatta flowing along the bed of the Thames. He opened the blades, and, drawing his finger across one of them, observed with a sweet sad smile " Doesn't it cut. Jack ?" Being restrained by his friends from committing amputations on the spot, he carefully restored the knife to its case. He remarked that he was "not going to use it ; it was good enough to keep." We may remark that Mr. Silk has also presented a similar knife to Mr. Deeble and to Mr'. Jack Thomp- son. Immediately afterwards Mr. V. Hagon began to unwrap a parcel, and from the folds there- of he produced a most beautiful spirit cellarette in silver- mounted old English oak, with three richly-cut decanters. Beach, in accepting this handsome gift, said it was the prettiest thing he had ever seen, and he "should always take care, as the weather was sometimes a trifle ' dry' in Australia, to keep it full for his friends." This sentiment was received by those present with every mark of approbation. Mr. Alf. Hawthorn was the next to come forward, and he presented the champion with a pair of valuable field glasses by Dollond. At that moment a Kew steamboat hap- pened to be passing the windows of the White Hart, and Beach, who had proceeded to test the powers of his new binocular, remarked, "Alf, this is a real ' daisy" pair. I can see the flies on the funnel." It was now Mr. Deeble's turn, and he, quietly pro- ducing a little Morocco case, said, " Bill, we are all glad to wish you ' Many happy returns of the day,' and I want you to accept this from me as a token of my admiration for you as a sculler and as a friend." The case contained a really beautiful scarf ring, consisting of a perfect cat's-eye stone surrounded by a zone of diamonds. Beach was very much affected with this handsome gift, and expressed his thanks in a bluff but thoroughly feeling manner. Mr. Allison then intimated that the proprietors of the Sportsman wished also to make Beach a presen- tation,, on the occasion of his birthday, and they had decided to give him an artistic medal commemorative of his journey to England and his memorable success upon the great metropolitan river. Beach, in thanking Mr. Allison for the proffered Sportsman present, made a singularly felicitous remark. As he looked around upon the display of the tokens of friendship and goodwill arranged on the table, his thoughts evidently flow to the other side of the world, and leaping in a single heartbeat 16,000 miles of space he said, " How proud Mrs. Beach will be, gentlemen, when she sees all these handsome gifts !" The wine which sparkles was then ordered up, and the champion's health, long life, and further victories toasted. Beach subsequently went out for a spin on the river, acompanied by his faithful trainer, Peter Kemp. A considerable amount of anxiety has been mani- fested as to the real intentions of Beach in connec with the suggested match between him and Han- lan. With a view of setting at rest any misunder- standing which may have arisen with regard to this matter owing to the contrary statements made in several quarters, we may give the whole and true facts of the case. After Beach's triumph in the International Regatta he went away to Ramsgate with his backers to obtain a few days' well-earned rest. During his absence the following cablegram was sent to the Champion : -" From J. Hackett, 2G, West Thirty-street, New York. Am authorised to offer Beach a guarantee of 10,000 dollars to row Hanlan between the 1st and 10th of October in America over a 3-mile course. Wire me immediately your answer." The Sports man also received a telegram. as mentioned yester- day from Mr. Hamilton Busbey : " Will send Hanlan's forfeit £100, when notified Beach accepts." We yesterday had a long conversation with the champion with reference to this matter. He says that in the early part of the year, when he first came to England, Hanlan published a challenge through the Sportsman to row him on the Thames. To that he immediately made a reply, accepting the challenge ; but although he has waited day by day, until the summer has gone by, he has received no reply from the Toronto sculler. He came to England anxious and willing to meet Hanlan on the latter's favourite battle-ground, and though he, the cham- pion, had twice beaten Hanlan, Beach was willing once again to measure blades with him in the pre- sence of the people who, all along, have so per- sistently admired the ex-champion of the world. At the last moment, when Beach has made every arrangement for going home, and when he has proved his superiority over all comers who dared to put in an appearance, a sudden intimation has been received from Hanlan to the effect that the latter really contemplates a match at the eleventh hour. Beach also received, as we mentioned above, an in- vitation to go over to America and row what could have been but little else than an exhibition match. The champion, to use his own expressive language, declined to be played with, and said, naturally enough, " I have two matches to attend to, and it would be impossible for me to get to America in a fit condition and row within the time specified. I have now been along time from home, and I intend return- ing as soon as possible. If Hanlan has so much im- proved that he thinks he has a chance of beating me, let him come once again to the Parramatta River, when I will row him or any other man for a suitable sum. The following cablegram has been sent by Beach in reply to the American offer :-" Too late. Waited here all summer for Hanlan in vain. Will row on Parramatta only, for £500 a-side or more." With this the matter so far rests. It is quite clear that Hanlan has not left America, or Beach would would not have received the offer to row him there. No doubt many people in England will be disap- pointed at not seeing these great scullers come to- gether on the Thames, but the fault rests with Hanlan, who has had every opportunity of getting a match if he had wanted it. The Gold Harvests op Victoria.-The life of men at the Gold-diggings is very different now to what it was some years ago. The occupation, however, cannot be divested of certain risks, partly due to vicissitudes of climate, carelessness in diet and cloth- ing, but especially to standing many hours in water. Colds, Diarrhoea, Dysentery and Fever, are the most prevalent maladies at the " diggings." These diseases, happily, are no longer allowed by the men themselves to run on and induce graver symptoms, as they know from long experience that a few timely doses of Freeman's Genuine Chlorodyne speedily arrests and cures all these maladies. No one over leaves now for the diggings without taking a few bottles of Freeman's Chlorodyne, which is justly regarded as the most valuable medicine known in Colony. Insist upon having " Freeman's" only. Trade mark, an elephant.-Obtainable from all chemists and storekeepers. 6434 It is stated that the Panama Canal will be com- pleted in 1889. From 15,000 to 20,000 -workmen, are now engaged in its construction. 