DIOOESE OF SANDHURST. (From our own Correspondent.) His Lordship the ooadjutor-Bishop at last Mass on Sunday adverted in feeling terms to the lamented death of his Graoe the late Archbishop of Melbourne, and asked the pious prayers of the congregation for the repose of the soul of the deoeased prelate. Dr. Reville preached on the desoent of the Holy Ghost upon the Apostles. The new church recently erected at Mitiamo, at a cost of £350, was opened on last Sunday by the Rev. Fr. Murray, O.S.A., in the presence of a large congregation. The Rev. E. Madden, paBtor of Kerang, celebrated Mass at eleven o'olock. A portion of St. Kilian's choir rendered Haydn's No. 2 Mass, with good effect. Fr. Murray preaohed. In the evening Vespers were sung for the first time in Mitiamo. Fr. Madden, who has had charge of the district for some nine months only, is to be congratulated on the generous manner in which the people of his charge are responding in the matter of church building. Tenders have been called for a new Churoh at Kerang. A number of aspirants to the Association of the Children of Mary were received on Sunday last by the coadjutor- Bishop, assisted by the Rev. W. Lawler. Fr. Murray left on Wednesday en route for Queensland. BEEOHWOBTH. For some time his parishioners have had it in contemplation to present the Very Rev. Dean Tierney with some fitting testimonial on his reaching the twenty-fifth year of his charge of the parish of Beeohworth—his silver jubilee in that capacity—and, as we learn from the Ovens and Murray Advertiser, of the lfith instant, that step was finally decided upon at a meeting held in St. Joseph's Hall, on the 13th instant. Mr. D. C. O'Connor was in the chair, and there were nearly thirty gentlemen iresent. The chairman, and Messrs. tf. Dodd, Dwyer, James Feely, L. Murphy, Charles Connolly, P. Molloy, C. J. O'Snllivan, J. Daman, J. Moyle, and other speakers bore testimony to the great services, zeal, and liberality of the Dean, and the following resolution was unanimously carried:—"That, in the opinion of this meeting, it is desirable that an address and tribute be presented to the Very Reverend Dean Tierney, on the occasion of the celebration of his silver jubilee as parish priest of Beeohworth." Mr. C. J. O'Sullivan and Mr. P. J. Dwyer were appointed hon. secretaries of the movement, and the following gentlemen members of committee:— Chairman, Mr. D. C. O'Connor; hon. treasurer, Mr. M. Dodd ; hon. secretaries, Messrs. C. J. O'Sullivan and P. J. Dwyer; committee, Messrs. P. Molloy, J. Durnan, Wm. Carroll, J as. Feely, Joseph CoBta, C. Connolly, D. M. O'Connor, M. Moye, T. J. O'Connor, J. M'Carthy, P. Hannan, L. Murphy, P. O'Reilly, and T. Gilohrist. The secretary, Mr. O'Sullivan, then announced that the subscriptions already promised were—Bishop Reville, £25 ; Fr. Van der Hey den, £20; Fr.Davey, D.D., £25; and Fr. Kennedy, £20. The names of the gentlemen present were then taken down with the amount of their several subscriptions, and the total was stated to be £70 15b. subscribed in the room alone, which statement was reoeived with applause. 