THE VOTE OP CENSURE. ? -^ ? Next in order amongst the obstructions of the session to Mr. Abigail's motions of adjournment come Sir Henry Parkes's motions of censure, the last of which went on 'Wednesday night the way of all the others. Insufferable nuisance as the waspish little member for 'West Sydney undoubtedly is as a general thing, he may yet claim with adversity, Which, like the toad, ugly and venomous, Wears yet a precious jewel in his head, to have his own particular, if not very sweet uses. The leader of the Opposition is quite as ugly and venomous a customer, in a parliamentary sense, as the political scavenger- general, but ifc would be difficult to define the particular use or even object of his repeated attempts to dislodge or em barrass the Government, unless, indeed, it be the laudable, though quite superfluous one of more and more discrediting himself. If the hon. gentleman's object had really been to emphasize his own hopeless fall he could not possibly have done it better than by these repeated reckless efforta to bring about the Government's, for every one of his many motions of want of confidence against them has simply resulted in an overwhelming vote to the same effect against himself. This strictly proper political, as well aa poetical, justice was never better instanced than in the present case. The terms of his motion were undeniable. It stated what one hon. member properly called a 'truism,' that the state of the public finances is highly unsatisfactory, which, as the old song has it, ' nobody can deny.' But if the letter of his motion was true the spirit was false, be cause it meant, if carried, a worse evil to the country than any conceivable state of the public finances — his own return to power. The House, it is needless to say, waa equal to the occasion. If there is one good feature about the present As sembly that may go far to redeem its most discreditable passages (of arms or- otherwise) it is its resolute refusal to. accept; as the saviour of the country Sir Henry: Parkes. Over and over again, with all the heroism of the leader of a forlora feope, he; has magnanimously offered himself -as th.e man - for. the occasion, and as: often: ;has the House replied that it would have none of him. In vain has he eloquently depicted the terrible dangers of the time,! the driving storm, the straining ship, the. breakers ahead, perils on every side. There is a worse peril than . all these, the Souse has calmly replied— Parkes at the helm ? and that answer repeated with double emphasis the other night should suffice even for him. But,, of . course, it will not. He knew the fate of his motion as well when he rose to make it as when the numbers were stated from the Chair, and he declared it to be Bimply 'one step of many which he intended to take, as he put it, to 'bring this state of things to a conclusion.' The times have been, ' That when the brains were out the man would ? ??' die,-- , '''''?',« And there an end j * butthereis to.be no end, it seems, to Sir Henry Jrarkes's knocked-on-tae-head motions against.the Government, though brained ever so often, and buried into the bargain. Worthy of their often deadburiedand risen-again author, they too are to rise from the dead when convenient, and the next Session, as this, is to be haunted by those evil- boding ghosts. It is true they will only be ghosts, and far too familiar ghosts to frighten any one, but it may cer tainly be a question for the near future whether the public business should so often be obstructed and the public sense, nasal and otherwise, so often offended, by the perpetual trotting out, to no purpose, ap parently, but the indulgence of their author's affection for his lost darlings, of the hon. resurrectionist's resuscitated slain. There is such a thing known to parliamentary law as vain repetition, and anything vainer, in every eense of the word, than those repeated attempts of the Opposition leader to turn the troubles of the time to his own profit and find in the difficulty of the Government his opportunity it never entered into the heart even of played-out poli tician to conceive. It is because the times are troubled that they should not be troubled further, as they certainly would be by such a victory as he so vainly tried to snatch, and to no one so much as himself is due the worst of the difficulty from which he as vainly hoped to profit. The debate — if that can be called a debate which was merely fighting a thrice-fought battle over again — -was well sustained on the first night, but soon drifted on the second into the old stream of twaddle and abuse. It is significant of the calibre of the present House that some half* dozen leading members seem entirely to exhaust, not indeed its talking, but its speaking ? power. Well might Sir Henry Parkes tell the Attorney- General that if some of the men of old were there he would soon know where they were, but, whether he or they would be the more unpleasantly surprised is, perhaps, best left an open ques tion. The result of the motion was, of course, as everyone knew it would be, practi cally nil. The political situation is un changed, and likely till next session to re main so. Then, no doubt, the Government must either succeed or fall — carry its financial policy or make way for someone else, even if it be the hon. gentleman who at least has the advantage of having no par ticular policy to carry. 