THE COURTING OP MARY SMITH. By F. W. ROBINSON, Author of " Grandmother's Money," " Anne Judge, Spinster," "Little Kate Kirby," "The Black Speck," "Lazarus in London," Ac. I Published by pedal arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK V.-ROUSED TO ACTION. Chapter IX.—A Surprise. When Jonathan Lovett was informed of the ] resolution to which his sister had arrived he did not betray any excitement one way or another. He was very imperturbable concern J ing anything and everything save Mary Smith. " What does Mary say. about it ?" he would re mark upon every occasion, and Mary having expressed an opinion there was an end of the matter. The'flitting of his sister would have startled and unsettled him a few months back ; he had disliked changes always, and had himself run on in a groove for many years, but if Mrs. l)alrympie wished to leave Castle Lovett he had no objection to urge. " You shan't want for nowt," he said to her. " Mary will never be able to say that I stood in her way, or took upon myself after she was mistress," said his sister. "That's true. That's good," remarked Jonathan, and that was all that was said be tween them on the subject. He did not think of it again for a time, having so many affairs of his own to consider, and being so full of his coming wedding, which was fixed for next May. "When the earth begins its new life, so will you and Mary," Mr. Smith said, quite poetically. They did not return to Paradise - terrace, South Lambeth. When Mr. Smith was appointedlibrariantothe Coalsby FreeLibrary, an old friend and neighbor of Mr. Smith called a sale of effects by the owners will and con sent-, got rid of the furniture, and sent down all the books. Mr. Smith stepped into a neat suite of apartments attached to the library to which was attached also the Coalsby Insti tute, and Mary Smith presently went home to her father's new quarters, after three or four weeks holiday-making at Castle Lovett, and Jonathan Lovett came courtiDg every Tues day, Thursday, and Saturday to Coalsby— American mail days!—and seemed with his new thoughts and his new life to have knocked off some fifteen years of his age. His step was more elastic, he held his head higher, there was a new color in his cheeks, a fresh bright ness in his eyes, and his voice had a cherry ring in it that it nad lost for many a long day. The new life gave a fresh outlook for this man —new life and new blood, along with the new thoughts that the world was not wholly barren ground, with a tombstone in one corner of it. Jonathan Lovett believed that happiness was advancing straight at him; that with his young wife, frank, faithful, and wise, there would never come a cloud across him; plenty of affection, plenty of money, and plenty of the peace of mind that passeth all under standing. " To suddenly wake up, Mary, and find all t.bia a dream now," he said one evening, when he was bidding her farewell; " what a waking forme!" "Would it really depress you?" she »3ked lightly. " It would simply kill me! That's all," was the response. Mr. Smith had been a listener, and after Mr. Lovett had gone away in his carriage and pair, which always fetched him after his sweetheart ing, the father said— "I wish he did not think quite so much about it all." " All what ? " said Mary innocently. "Well—about you," said Mr. Smith; he's got you too much in his head. I don't believe the man is thinking of anything else. And that is a trifle too ridiculous at fifty-five. " Is it not very nice to be made a fuss over ?" asked Mary Smith; "to knowthat there is one man whe sets you on a pedestal and makes a saint of yOu?" " Ah! but the man should be on a pedestal too, for the saint to admire, when—," he added drily, "she has got the time." " Don't you think I admire Mr. Lovett, dad?" " Yes; and you'll make him one of the best of wives, too ; and he's a ^ood fellow—a sterling fellow—real Lancashire. The best Lancashire goods—the " "Dad, what are you rambling about?" said Mary, shakirg him by the shoulders. " But I wish at times he had been 20 years— or even 25 years—younger. Not that it matters—oh, no!" he added quickly. "A man is as young as he feels; it's when the heart grows old that the mischief begins. And you're exactly suited to Mr. Lovett." . "Thank you for that opinion," said Mary Smith, with a curtsey. " You'reolder than youryears—prim, matter of-fact, and keeping all your romantic notions for the books you write, and whioh, I fancy, you willwrite, despite Mr. Lovett's objection to books, and because it's your heaven-born mission to do so, my child. But," he added, " if you had been anyone else ;.if you had been like most girls; if you had been a dozen times in your life head- over-ears in love, for instance, or if you hsd been just once in your life , deeply and desperately in love with a hero of your own age—your own tastes and pursuits —I should have said, 'Don't marry old Lovett." "You would?" "YeB, I should. Not for all his money, Polly, would I have advised the match." " Not if it were all over and gone—every past fancy ?" " It is never all over and gone." "The men I had been 'in love with a dozen times' would have become meve phantoms," said his daughter, "and the hero I might have loved 'deeply and desperately' would have died out early, as heroes do so often." "Even then, I should have hardly con sented." " Romantic and improvident parent!— why ?" "You would have shown a capacity for love making, you see," he replied," and then heroes start into life again, or fresh ones come troop ing up, and the husband would be getting less heroic every day." This was not like Mr, Smith's usual train of, reasoning. Mary Smith looked very hard at him now. Had he a motive in moralising or in rhapodising in this fashion? Mary Smith always looked for motives now. Perhaps, as time was gliding onwards, the father was getting nervous, or something that Jonathan Lovett had said had set Abel Smith thinking of " the possibilities." She would not leave anything to speculation, however; Bhe went straight to the subject on hand, solving all doubts at once. "Why do you talk like this to me, dad?" she asked, " Have you any reason for it ?" " My—my dear, am I not- privileged to talk to you like a father ?" he enquired. "Yes; it is your duty to warn me—guide me—keep me on the straight path—by wise counsel and wise watch. But," she added, "do you think lam tiring Mr. Lovett, that you ask me to pause?" " Oh, no ! It is an excellent match." "I should have accepted him had he been a poor man," she continued. "I am not going to marry him for his money." " No, of course not. You are the last girl in the world who would do that. You are the last Have you heard from the Manchester solicitor lately, Mary ?" " No; I despair of hearing anything from him again.^' "Nothing about the will?—or—or any thing?" "No. Why do you ask me that question ? You have a reason. You know somethiog, dad—you have heard something!" she ex claimed, with more excitement, '1 Tell me what you know." " My dear, I don't know anything for cer tain—there is nothing certain about anything in this world, is there?" "No. Go on, please." "But—Dida's father, Mr. Ohinery—waB it Ambrose Chinery, I wonder ?" "YeB—Ambrose Chinery; you know it was. What of him?" she cried. "What do you know about him? Tell me what you have heard." " Only this; that some one came in from the town ball to-day, and said a gentleman had run over from Manchester in a great hurry and en gaged the town hall for a lecture by Mr. Chinery. Mr. Chinery had telegraphed from Cairo to the Waterspout people to secure the Coalsby Town Hall for his new lecture on the fifteenth of next April." ', Yes—lecture—telegraphed—yea !" "A [lecture on • How I Escaped Captivity.' So he is not dead after all, unless this is a hoax 3\. ' And I don't see the from beginning to end. the object of a hoax of this kind, unless " "Unless what?" asked Mary Smith as he paused. " Unless it was thought that it might annoy you or Mr. Lovett, or somebody else." "Whyannoy me, dad?" " My dear, I can't tell—I don't know," he replied; " you have a very bad habit of asking questions which nobody can answer." " Yes; I have noticed it myself," said Mary Smith, half absently ; "go on please." "I have nothing more to go on with, Mary." "Why did you not mention all this when Mr. Lovett waB here ?"' " I—I thought I would not." "Mrs. Foster Deane might have played a tiick of this kind, if there were any reason for doing it, which I cannot see," she said, "if this weie rot really the truth." " And supposing it to be the truth?" "I should have heard from Manchester before tins." "From that sleepy lawyer ? Not yon." "I should have heard from Cairo," she {sail thoughtfully, " My dear child, why should he have been in such a hurry to let you know that he was alive?" * "He appointed me his daughter's trustee— the executrix to his will." " Yes, but—" "His child would have been glad to hear that her father was coming back to her," said Mary Smith ; " she should have been the first to learn such glorious news !" "Gloriousnews !" " Yes to Dids. To me if you like," she said, looking steadfastly back at her father ; " re leasing me from a responsibility that I found beyond my strength, setting him in his rightful position as protector of bis child, saving her from a bad mother, and a mother's bad example ; bringing him back in all his health and strength to fame and honor, and the friends who have missed him." " And you are one of the friends ?" "Hardly," was the reply; "I was not thinking of myself. I had not seen him many times in my life. I have not even the right to consider him a friend of mine." "He made you his executrix, trustee for Hide, all kinds of things, Polly ?" "Yes." "He must have had a very high opinion of you, and in a very little while too," was the dry response. Yes. It was strange." " It might have been natural." " I don't know that it would have been ab solutely unnatural," answered Mary. Mr. Smith laughed pleasantly at this, but not the ghost of a smile flickered reciprocally round the curves of. Mary Smith's red lips. She only looked with a steady, almost solemn gaze at her father, and it soon took the laugh out of him, and brought on an unpleasant " sinking" inside him. WaB she going to stare at people as Jonathan Lovett did ? Had she caught the habit from him ? Abel Smith began to wonder. What was she looking at ? "You would be very glad if Ambrose Chinery back to life ?" he asked slowly. "Very glad indeed." "For your own sake, too ?" asked Mr. Smith eagerly at last; " I—I hope you are not going to say that. I don't know why—I can't tell why, exactly—but I should not like to hear you say that now, Polly." " For my own sake !" repeated Mary Smith. " I am not thinking of myself. It has so little to do with me. It cannot influence my life in any way, for good or harm, now. But that I shall be very glad he is spared, God knows," she added earnestly. " And you think he is alive ?" " Yes. After all, I think it is (rue." "We shall know to-morrow, at any rate." "Oh! what a time to-morrow i3 always!" answered Mary Smith. (To be continued. I 