That Veteran; . ? " Served,' sir ?. . Yes,- sir/' said my tattered vis a-vis, drawing himself - up "and > touching 'his apology for a.hat.\ " Crimea and Mutiny,*sir." - " What arm ?" I asked'lazily.' "Royal Horse Artillery..-Thank y ou* sir, I i take it h ot, wi th sugar." , .... I , : It.waB pleasant to meet anyone who could,talk :English among, those barren Welch mountains, and - pleasanter still to findi 'one who had any-, thing to 'talk1 about.; î I " had been-toiling along for the last ten' miles, vowing in my heart never to take a solitary walking-tour againj and above all, under any circumstances, to cross the borders of tho principality. My opinions of the original Celt, his manners, customs, nnd above all his language, were very much too forcible to be expressed in decent society. The . ruling passion of my lifo seemed to. have become à deep and all-absorbing hatred towards, Jones, Davis, ^Morris, and "every other branch of the great Cymric trunk. Now, however, sit! ing a my case in the little inn. at-Langerod, with a tumbler of smoking punch at my elbow, .and my pipe between my teeth, I was inclined', to ítako a, moro rosy view of men and th'ings.' ' "PôrhapB.àfc was. this spirit of reconciliation-whioh induced me to address the weather-beaten Scarecrow in front of me, or perhaps it was that, his resolute face and lean muscular figure attracted my'ónriosity. ; " You don't seem'. mu«h tho better for it," í remarked.:.' ?. : Í 1 ; v | " It's this, sir, it's this," ho, answoi'ed, touching, his glass with tho spoon. ¿" I'd hayo hadîroy seven shillings a day as retiredisergoant-ihojor, if, it was'nt for this. ..Ono after* an other si've for feited! them-my badges and my good «service allowance and my pension, until they,had nothing more to take from me, and turned me adrift into the world at forty-nine. I was wounded once in the trenches and ouco at Delhi, and this^is what I got for it, .-just because I couldn't keop; away from, the drink. You don't happen- to have;a fill of 'baccy about you ? /I'hauk you, sir !; you are,tho first gentleman I have met this many a day; v ! ." Sebastopol ? Why, Lord bless'. you,' I knows it ùs,:woll as I know this here village., You've road about it, ma\be, but I couldanake; it clear io you; in a brace of shakes.' -'.Ttiisshere fender is the -French, attack, 3 ou]seo,, and this poker is tho Russian lines. Here's ïKè Mamelon opposite the French.;and the'Redan opposite tho English. This spittoon stands for tiza harbor of Balaclava. There's tho quarries midway between tho Russians and us.'and hero's Cathcart's-hill, and this is tho twenty-four gun battery. That's . the one Ii served' in °towards tho end of >lhe)war. You see it all now, don't you,; sir i" . "More or leas," 1 answered doubtfully, i r¿-~f-^l!he-';.enemy--'held--th-05e.- quarries at the com mencement, and vory strong ,they, mide them with trenchea and rifle-pits all 'round. " It waa a, terrible thorn . in our side, for you couldn't show your nose, in our advanced works, but a bullet from tho quarries would be through it. So at 'last the general, he would stand it no longer, so we dug a covering trench until wo were within a hundred yards of, them, and then waited for a dark night. Wo got our chance at last, and five ' hundred men were'got together quietly under cover. When the word was given they made' for the quarries as hard as they could run, jumped down, and began bayonet ting every man they met. Thero was'never a shot fired on our side, sir, but it " was all done as quiet as may be. The Russians stood like men they nevor failed to do that-and there was a rare bit' of gi v'c-an'-take fighting before wc cleared them out. Up to the ; end they never turned, and our fellows had to 2>itchfork them oui of the place like so m any. trusses ;of hay. That (was the Thirtieth that was engaged that:.jaight, There was a young lieutenant in that corps; I , disremember his name, ' but lie was a terrible one for a fight. He wasn't more'n nine teen, but as tall as you, sir, and a deal stouter, They say that he never drew his sword during the whole .war, but he uaed an ash stick, supple and strong; with a knob the size of a cocoanut at the end ofUtö lt. was à nasty/weapon in hands like his. If a man came at him with a firelock, he could down hinv\beforo ¿the bayonet was near him, for he was long in' tho arm and active aa .well.' I've heard from'.men in his company that he laid,: about him'like a demon ; in the quarries' that night,ánd'crippled twenty, if ho hit one." . It seemed to.<,me that the' veteran was beginning to watni to his subject, partly, perhaps, from the effeots ^f* the ? brandy and-water,- and partly from " having found a sympathetic listener. One or two leading ques tions wore all that he would require. I refilled my pipe, 'Settled' myself 'down, in ray chair,, put my weary feet upon tho fondor, and propared to liaren. , , ,.? , ? «'.? ? ;' "They wero splendid soldiers, tho Eussianp, and no man that ever fought against thom would deny it. It was queer what a fancy they had for the English; and we for them.' ' Our fellows that were taken by thom were uncommon well iteed, and when thero was an armistice wo could get"" on well together. All they wanted was dash. ,Whero,they were put they, would stick, and they could shoot right .well, but they didn't seem to have it in them to make a- rush; ahdvthat was where wo had them. Thoy could drive tho French before them, though, when wo weie not by. I've seen them como out for'ajöor yfcio, and kill thom like* flies. ; They wore terribly 'bad soldiers-the worst I ever saw-all except the Zouaves, who were a different race to the rest. They wore all great thiovea and rogues, too, and 'you wero never safo if you were near them." , ! "You don't mean to say they would harm their own allies ?" enid I. " They would that, sir, if there was anything ? ? ' ' -?* '.' * .:; , ' "I to bo,goihy,it.,".^ Look afc: whatv happened tp poor Bill/Ca^Qvon;,- of )our battery.;.' /He - got ^letter tluvfri his-wife was ailing, and he wasn't very strong himself 5 they gave him leave to go back to England;- He drew his twenty-eight pound-pay, andvwapi.to sail in a transport next day j but, as luck would have it, he goes over to the French canteenithat night, just to- have a last wetland he lots out there that he had the money1'about him''.; We found him next morning lying as "dead as mutton between the lines, and; so kicked-and bruised!'-that you ? could - hardly tell^he' 'was-: a luimàn^being.; There was many an Englishman mu'iidered 'that winter, sir; and many a:Frenoh mahVwhp had a good British pea-jacket'to keep out tho cold. , . s "",y, . > '\ F,U ¡tell you. a story about that, if : I am -not wearying ; you. i Thank you,-1 sir 5 I thought.'I-d just make, sure. . .Well; four of our fellows-Sam Kelcey"ànd myself;' and Jack Burns andProutr weré.oVér'íin the French lines on a bit of a spree. ? When?'-/^eVwere coming back, . this chap'1 Pirpût suddenly gets an idea.; 'He was an Irishman,"and uncommon clever. I "t 'See', here, boys,' says he ; ' if you can raise sixpence among you, I'll put you in the way bf I making .somo money to-night, and a bit of fun I into fcho bargain.' ??.'.., I ' ^ell, we all agreed to this, and turned out i our I-pockets, but we only had , about fourpence I altbge^Qr; : ">' Nlveri'mind,' said Prout. ,1 Come on with me to.'the:.!Frencfi>canteen. All you've to do is to seemvvery dhrunk>;and to keep saying ' yes' to all >X ask.'-:; ?;/';4U. this time, sir, we hadn't a ghost of an idea'pf . what he was driving ". at, but we went stumbling and rolling into the canteen among a crpwd'of lpnfing- Fienchmén, and* spent oin* cop pers in,a efrain of liquor. 14 {'"^Nowj*'says pr0ut, loud out,-so as everyone cbiildVheav, 'are you ready to '-..come back to camp.P''\, . ',"f .^e/'Fays wo. jj ^/Have you got your thirty pounds safe in yÓur pocket';'Sam?' :? . -, !<V":v<; ?\ Y?. Yes,' says Sam. // : \ '', O/'"""'^' ./.,»!fií¿And you, Bill,' he sayp/ to nie, '..' haye you gob . your! three mom hs' pay all right ?' 1 ' -,: " í'.'.Y.és/1 answers. - , ; *'/ ', Well, come on, then, an' don't tumble down lhore'nybty can help ; ' and with that we;staggers out pf ( the canteen .and away off into' the! dark ness. '. , : <. .'< ^y'.^-.-By'this time we-had a pretty good suspicion bf what he was after, but when we were well out pf sight of everybody, he halted and: explained te.';;;"-'' ?'' '. j&tfi;^ They're bound to follow us'-after what we've 'sáidí ánct it's queer if the four^of us ca^n^t'imanage td best them. They keep, their money-in"little bags round their necks, and all you've got to do is to'cut the string.' . ?. . " Well, we stumbled'on; still pretondinlg; to be veryídrunk, so as to have the .advantage ofá sur pris.ei,,:but never a soul did wo. see. At last we was 'within a stone's throw of our lines when w,e*heard a' whispering î of ' Anglais ! ; Anglais !'}' which is their jargon for English^siri and there Bure enough j-- .vytis about -a dozen ,-,men coming | down againsb.ùs in the moonlight. " We stumbled,along, ? "pretending to be too drunk, even to see;.vthem. Pretty sppn they stopped, and one of them;; a big stout ,A,man, sidles up;-to SamiKelcey and says, ''What time do you call it ?' while the} rest of them began to draw around us. Sam' say s nothing, but'-'gi'ves 'a terrible lurch, on whiohthe.Frènchie, thinking it all right, sprang at his throat.) ú was .oúr signal for action, and ¡in we -tyènfc'? Sam Kelcey was the strongest man in the battery; and à terrible bruiser", and he caught this leader; of theirs a clip under the jaw that sent him twice1 head over heels before he brought up against the.-^all, with the blood pouring from his mouth;' ,,The others made arun at us,, but all they could .dp was to kick and scream, while we kept hnpck'ing tb em down as quick as they could get to ; tbei^ f pet. We had all their litt le bngs, sir, and we lefti'tlie' lot of them stripped and senseless on the road.'' Five-and-thirty golden pieces in English 'phoney and French we counted out upon a knap sack when we got back to our quarters, besides boots ', and flannel shirts and other things that were handy. There was never another drunken man followed after that night's work, for you see , they.never could be sure that it wasn't a sham." Tlio 'veteran paused for a moment to have a pull at his glass and listen to my murmur 01 appreciation. I was afraid that I had exhausted his story-telling capacities; but he rippled 01 again between tho puffs of his pipe. > " Samj Kelcey-him that I spoke about4-was J . fino man, but his brother Joe was a finer, thougl a'bit of a scamp in his day, like many a fino mai is. When I was stutioned at Gibraltar after thi war Joo Kelcey was working at the fortification! as a convict, having been sent out of England foi some little game or other..-> He was:>;known.to \^ a bold And resolute man, and, tho overseers kept i sharp'-'fookout on him for fear he'd try to breal away.v One day he was working on tho banks ol the.iiriveir ' and ho seed an empty hamper com« floa'tlng'down-one that had come with wine, ai like as not, for tho officers' mess.'. He . gets 'hole of the'hamper, and he knocks tho bottom ! out and stows it away, among the. ru8ho3.V;$.exi morning we were, having breakfast ¿.^wHeú.;,.'it] rushes' ono of tho '- guard ; and; ? cries;? iCom< on boys ; the ? fi ve-of spades is up' !-the five-óf spades being a name they gave to the.spotted BI gu a thoy fan up when a convict had escaped^" Out' wi nil tumbled, and began searching like hotínds'>fói a hare, because there was always a reward,of tw< pounds for the finder. There wasn't a drain, or, 1 liollbw. but was overhauled, and never a,sign 0 *jQe,.tilliat last wo gave him up in despair, am agreed that he must be afc the bottom > of th riVèr.;', 'J^rH ;.r;.<;;T'¡ ";, '?' '-?-'*"'.' » V.j- . (TO BB CONTINUED.) 1 ' T ¡ ?-;-'--'-~. ~ "~ ~ \- T: Ti' Orde; of Glenlyon; 'Kyneton (Vic),, hm brought - with him, from England,. a number 0 English skylarks; which he purposes liberating ii sôraô BUifcftble locality within Glenlyon sliiro.... Vi, \ .!', . ',,?,'. ,, .' ' 