n a n V K -t A mmPME 0F ENGLAND AND AUSTRALIA. FOUNDED ON FACT, CHAPTER X* (Continued.) ly 1'RAKGIS X B U R T V A G B , AUTHOR or 'Hit Brother's Scej^t," " a i^i tile," " Pontclroy,*» Ac. « Poverty. I have a long journey to make —avojoge'of months—and it requires money, a hundred pounds." "Then you'll have to fpve it np.' saii Wilson. " Where are the bundled pounds to come from ?" "I atk jou for it, I beg it o! you, to save yonr ehild's life. 1 must go to Australia. I nasi be near my husband. It is the last fsvor I will ever ask of you. I will never me to you for another penny, tor_ another moral of bread. Do this and be rid ot me forever. Alas! alasl I know now that you never loved me." " And why should I love you ?" "You ask why a lather should love his only child 1" " Ton are not my ohSd." " Not your child !" "Ko. And if your own father oasis you o3,why should you expect that I could be eo eweet on you!" Carmeline saw that he had been drinking deeply, and was uncertain how much truth there was in what he said. But he went on ia tl:e same strain. "Yotir father might Ehell out the needful, bat it is not very likely." " Of whom are you speaking, Bir 7' " Ot his grace, the Earl of Elwood." Carmeline was certain* now that her supposed father did not know what he was saying. He kept chuckling and laughing, and repeating: Ay, ay, the Earl of Elwood, the Earl of Elwood. A peer ot the realm—holds his head as high as a prince of the blood-royal. 'Wouldn't acknowledge a poor devil of an innkeeper as his brother-in-law, not he. If 1 could only prove—but no matter 1 Be shelled out pretty liberally though." " What are you eaying about the Earl of Elwood, sir?" " Nothing, nothing. Go to bed; don't bother me to- night. A hundred pounds 1 I';haw I a mere trifle. Of course I've got 'em lying round loose, tied op. in an old EtooMnc. or something. I'm rich, by Jupiter ! Of course you Bhs.ll have the hundied pounds I I think I see myself giving 'em to you 1 Go to bed, go to bed." Carmelice did go to bed with a heavy heart, The next day she again songht the innkeeper before he had time to beoloud his faculties. " Sir," she said," last night you told me a strange story." " 1 can't remember the day after what I Eaid overnight." "Do you remember me asking yon for a hundred pounds ?" " Something of the sort." " And you resisting my appearand saying that I was not yonr cbild,bnt the daughter o' tome great nobleman." "Andyou were green enough to believe me? Pabawl When I'm in my cups I have strange fancies sometimes, You a lady an£ the daughter of a "nobleman 1 The sooner yon get such notions out of yonr head the better." " 1 will not dwell upon the subject since yon tell me you were only jesting. Bnt,ilear father, let me renew my request. I imul have the means to go to Australia. My life depends upon it." " Well, well, M see about it. M B69 whBt can be done. I won't forget." "Bsmember," eaid Carmdine solemnly, " that my life depends upon my obtaining that money. "I am not jesting." When Thomas Wilson was alone he chuckled over an idea which had entered ins scheming brain,' He went to his desk and indited a letter to the Earl of Elwood—for Carmeline's father had succeeded to the title—in which he pleaded lor a remittance of a hundred pounds, to be -used for the benefit of the earl's daughter. He requested it should be sent under cover to him, and he promised, if the Earl acceded to his request, that he would never again trouble him "for money. The letter was by no means illwritten, and Wilson almost flattered himeeli that the amount asked for would come by return of mail. Of ccnrse, he never intended siring Carmeline one penny of it. Thomas Wilton, landlord of the George, knew better than that. '. - Two days afterward the letter-earner stopped at the George Inn. : " This is for you, Mrs. Vernon," ie EMa placing a letter in Carmeline'e hand as sta stooiat the door. . She glanced round to see thst no one was looking. She had grown suspicious of every one. The London postmark! Who couM have written her from Ijondon ? It was addressed, too, Garmdiue IFtfton—not her married name. She hastened to her room and tore it open. It contained s«negae » n the Overton Bank for one hundred pounds sterling, payable to bearer, and was signed "Elwood." It seemed a pft from Heaven Her prayers had been heard, her wieSes gratified. She did not stop to aek how« happened that the exact sum aha wanted came from London. She had forgotten the name of Elwood—she could think of.notbicr but the money and all it promised ier. Hiding the precious slip if "pap®! E "' hurried to the bank. The cashier, ws* slightly acquainted with her.and-Eodded. How carelessly he hanakd ihe cheque, glanced at it, and then tos»a B in ft " How will yon have it, ma'am ? In small notes, if you please'" mol^y. it. and hastened back to the inn. She had not smiled lor «any a Tlayhut sow there was^taally something like a smSe on herwaCwear? noticed her expression. door and he grnnted". '" u l^ a t o be " " Father, Eome iind friend, some angel in disguise, has sent me a hundred pounds from Jjondon. Was it-you!" "I *j» means -of it,!'~he-muttered.' now aid this money oomeVf '•III &letter;^&«heque."- •• "J don't -rei l.flfaywo'od.'or some^ such name." "Elwood?" .' • . . : T " yea, that wasit.' jOialy jiisi jSljroo'a." -' ••An old pal ofSifline in -thecity. I wrote him about you." . " Dear—dear father !" : • • ' - ' "No thanks, girl.*' : . He was greatly disappointed in not getting the remittance tiimBelf. but. on second thoughts, concluded it wtB aS 'feell to let tM girl go. -She would heveiS be a burden or. expense to him. , V * ' When all was arranged for the journey to London, .she |>ade him^ nii"affectigribte fare-- weU, and he made'. a "liypocriticali Bhow of jarental affection. 1 ' It ^id.not' deceive "her." She felt that she was an pnloved one. " The Conqueror, an .emigrant «tdp,iay in the Thames, She was crowded: with passengers eagerly embarking (On a voyage of thirteen thousand mileSf by the shortest route, lured by fabulous stories of the golden wealth of Australia.' •••-'••• Carmeline had engaged a steerage passage, so that she might .at-tbeezid of ber voyage still have some foncjs left to iBupport'her until she should obtain employment in the far-off. unknown land. ... • - A - strange mixture of people surrounded her—bid and pood, with a ^predominance ot the former. Bntche formed the acqnniDtanoe of a qaist family, and associated with them cidoBivdy during the tedious voyage iA fonr months. In spite of gnawing care, she felt a thrill of pleasure when at last the luid-breezs wafted to the ship the odorof apicyflowers. Soon a dear little land-blrd lighted in the rigpng. Then, as night deepened, Oape Otway Light sent forth itscheering beams, like the rays of the tt-fer of tope. That' night Carmdine oonld not close her eyes. She.eat oh tho crowded deck, watching, the constellations th blazed above her iriall the beauty of a southcm heaven. The next day the Conqueror ploughed her way along the elevated coast of Cape Otway forest, and entered Fort Phillip Say. The pilot oame aboard, bringing files of Melbourne papers, which were distributed among the passengers. One of these was read aloud by Mr. Jones, the head of the family to which Carmeline had attached herself dnring the voyage. " Ah I" eaid he; " here's something. Two convicts shot in trying to esoape. Serve 'em right 1" " Where did this happen, sir ?" asked Garmelint. "ac Norfolk Island."" Norfolk Island I—the place of hi* imprisonment 1 She forced herself to say: I suppose the names of these unfortunate men axe not given, eir Unfortunate men, ray-dear?" E&id; lir. Jones, " I tell you they "were convicts. Ko names? Yes; here's tho names in full— Isaac Thompson and Luke "Vernon, the last desperate character, the paper says." _ With an appalling shriek, the convict s wife fell to the deok. . . Mr. Jones applied the usual, restoratives in eases of fainting. The indacnt caused but a momentary excitement on the -crowded deck. " Only a woman in a fit, 1 ' passed from mouth to mouth, and the drinking, tinging, and speculatinj^ were resumed after a minute's in- Poor thing !" whispered Mrs. Jones to her husband. " She told me her name was Vernon. Msybe one o! them men was her husband." , , Carmeline was long in coming to hereeii, and then the effort to appear calm, almost killed her. Bat she asked to see the paper after awhile, and, hiding her face With the broad sheet, read every word of the fa»> news. The two-convicts were attempting to escape in a boat; the guard fired cn them, and they sank. Bodies not recovered. •Dead I dead I He, whom die loved in spite of his guilt, was dead, and efcc was alone in the world, thirteen thousand miles from England l She did not shed a tear, and a freezing torper, like that of death, congealed her frame. Mrs. Jones pitied, but forbore to ^We 11 are'going ashore-now," said the good woman. «'Mr. Jone8 hM engagea boat to take ub to Liardet's. beach. Will von come withns?" . . ..-res; certainly," repHed Crnndme, in a hurried, flighty tainly." After landing, the Joneses insisted on her riding With them, in a cart they had engaged, to Melbourne. They were going yet farther, but VeTgagedlodgmgswithaScotchvraman, Carmeline stopped in the town. „ Mrs. Murdockson. who had been recommended to her by the captam of tho ftmifleror The terms were frightfully high, S H T t a comparison with those of other ^ ^ f f f i k v e supper, of cou«r said tbe £Slady, as she showed her guest into a EMpea Carmeline. " ^"ei'and d>awl, then lav dowSupWaiebcd without undressmg. EyThe UnLay brought the was swaUowSTiben undressed find went to ehepreesi CHAPTEB XL AUBIBinA-™ THE BUSH. ^n^Ttoolation.more poignant SSfto^onydiefelt when the stanmng g^rffeSnews first came to her on S i i f i r a ^ if • B^t. letter from ibrtune there, ^ i r t S ^ T i n ^ topping. S l ^ U G l e b e d , board and wages ^ L w ^ d o n torn brooding over her mentos-a. divere^ the letfe, acthat 8116 tection of onnartunitv occurred to wifeand 40 !5SJS2® r fb*m[totrirt. dlii? r^3 ^ d her fare and settled with ig.'This wss none loo much for a reserve fund in a country wliere a tew days illness would absorb even a larger amount. Carmeline was very ill when she took leave of Mre. Murdockson, iier kind-hearted landlady,T»ho urged her to postpine her journey, but herleyerish impatienoe to obtain some- - t'oSne like a."home in a strange land urged her' forward. 1 Tea distance to be -traversed was - about eighty miles, but bs there were bullock teams in the train, the progress of the caravan was. necessarily slow; moreover,the road in Bome places was deep and difficult, and the emigrants could only hops to reach their destination in four or five days. It waB a motley procession of mounted men, tilt-oarts, {and heavy- baggage wagons, 1 some of them pUed with household furniture. The escort consisted of a dozen well-mounted -'.and well-armed policemen, with revolvers -in their belts," repeating-carbines eluag at their backs, fendhelmets on their heads. When they reached a suitable spot Bt night, they encamped and bivouacked in the open air. It was no pleasure trip. At frequent intervals the emigrants had to traverse ewamps of sticky mud that clung to the wheels' of the -wagons like glue. They passed through forests savage and dense. Somitimes they "saw traces of great bush-fires that had swept. Die country with devouring flames, leaving here "and there great tracts ot dead, scorched trees, that loomed up in the night against the starry sky like ghastly skeletons. Sometimes huge fallen tree barred the road; and it was necessary either to hew it to pieces and remove it or to flank it by turning into miry fidds by the road-side. "In crossing a tributary of the Tarra River, Michael Mulligan met with a.-, misfortune. His wagon broke down, and his jaded horses refused to move a step further. He vainly sought to procure other animals to enable him to keg> pace with the train. Every horse and ox in tbe caravan had as much as they could do already; many of the draught animals had broken down, and all the spare ones had been forced into harness. The utmost that could be <3one for the unfortunate family was to take them on in one of the baggage wagons: But Mike ani his wife could not abandon the cart. It contained their little all. Nor would Carmelice leave them in their dietress. She had conceived an affcction for these poor honest people. Though they did not urge her, she knew that they would be Tejoicea to have her etay with them. After all, what was one night passed out of doors under a beneficent Australian sky? Same of the emigrants went to work and got llikt'd wagon out of the bed of the stream and drew it to a dry place by the road-side. The horses did not need to be hobbled; they were too tired to etray. By the time this job was finished the rear of the column had disappeared over the brow of an adjoining hill. The good-natured emigrants who had lingered behind shook bands with Mike and then started to regain Mike's wife sat down on a rock and had a good cry; while Cirmeline played with the children and Mite lit his pipe. After this solace the man went to work,and succeeded in a few hours in repairing his wagon. But the horses were £till unfit for work, and night was coming on. Mike thought that they cculd manage to sleep comfortably enough under the canvas cover of the cart, but he expressed a childish fear of " lions, tigers, zebras, alligators, and all thim haythen animals that go roarin.' round sceldn' somebody to devour." Carmeline, who was not so ignorant of the zoology of Australia, assured him that hejbad nothing to fear on that account,for such dangerous animals were unknown. " Sure, thin, it's a blissed country, miss," was his reply. " St. Patrick must have taken it in his way when he came to dbrive thim varmints oat of .ould Ireland into the say." Carmeline took him aside. "Mike," she said, "there ere those who are more dangerous than wild beasts and reptileB." " Ghosts and banshees, miss 5" "No, no, Mike; but bad men—thieves, bushrangers. You will have to watch tonight. Are you armed V " Ah, thin, miss, I have as good an American six-shooter as money can buy." " I hope you will have no occasion to use it. But I would make no fire. We can dispense with tea and coffee." Following Carmeline's advice, the little party made s meal on cold meat and bread, and then crept under the cover of the cart and arranged themsdves as Weill as theycould for the night—an anxions one, whioh passed, however, without inoident. . At dawn of day the harsh screams of a hundred cockatoos, making a musia like the rasping of a thousand giant saws, awoke them. Other birds joined in — magpies, leatherheads, and laughing jaekasses. Green, red, and blue parrots flew from branch to branch of the foreBt. TaU cranes stalked along the banks of the river, or stood motionless beside it. Hike had not paseed a sleepless night. Poor fellow ! he was tired out, and had taken more than one nap, grasping his revolver, however. With the opening of day his toil recommenced. The hocsea, refreshed by a night's rest, and by eating their fill of a short, sweet grass, were in a good condition. The cart would bold together, pro vided there were no more bad plaoes to cross. S3 they made a hearty meal, harnessed the team, and resumed their march. After a short distance tbe road became bordered by beautiful flowers, and Carmeline alighted to pluck some,"telling the Mulligans to keep on and she would goon overtake them. There were yellow everlastings, buttercups, larkspurs, lobelias, orchisses, and a beautiful flower like the star of Bethlehem which she had never seen before. Passionately fond of flowers —thoee most delicate gifts of Heaven— the young widow was lured from spot to spot by their fascination. She left the beaten track and Btrnok into the woods, attracted by some crimson or snowy beauty peeping from the grass. She did not go ffur, however.When she baa gathered an axmful of flowers, enough to <to copy the'icbiiaren for hours in making bouquets and coronals, she hurried back towards the road, as she thought. But it is easy to lose one's self in the Ans_ tralian bush, and lost she soon discovered that she was. She cried aloud, straining her lungs to the ntmost. "Mike! Mike 1" Alas! only tbe discordant cries of cocka toos and parrcquets answered her. "Mikel Mike 1" she cried again and again, and then stopped and listened. There was a rustling and crackling in the bushes, and then two savage-looking men, with shaved beads and tattend clothes/ looking indeed lite wild beastB, made their appearance. Each of them carried, a stout stick in his hand. "Can we do anything to serve yon,mum? asked one of them, ducking his bead with mock civility.. . . Shs controlled her terror, and answered : "Ihave lost my way, sir. I* yon S™^® me to the road, you will earn my thanks.' " When one gets lost in the bush," said the spokesman of the two, " ifs a matter of life and death. ThaiJu is -well enough._ " Bat it's worth money to find the trail again." • «' I'll pay you liberally,' said Carmeline, incautiously. •'She's got money," said the first ruffian to Ms companion. The other winked. «'< Well, mum, I'm 'agreeable to act as guide," Baid- the man. "Follow os, my charmer. We know the bush._ Tins way.'' They broke a way for Carmeline through the dense undergrowth. But they, led her such a distance that she became alarmed; she knew the rsai could not be eo far off; and when-they had reached a beaten track shs halted. "Does not this path lead to the main road ? 'she asked. " Yes'mn.^ Turn to the right and you mil soon strike it-," answered the man she" had addressed. .We'd go with you, but me and my pril has retired from public life and never show ourselves to our contemporaries." " I will now pay yon for your services,"flfiid Carmeline. Yes'um. The regular fee for guidin' a ^individual out of the bush is two pounds." " Two pounds 1" " Two pounds,. mum, regular. But when a lady's in the case, .ws dcducka half on it. Hand hover one pound mum, ilyou please." TTnfortnnntplp Unfortunately all oil Carmeline's money was ma together, and she had to produce her little roll of notes. " Seeing is having 1" shouted the foremost ruffian, and he enatihed-thc trpftgnra qqi of iier liand. Not heeding her piteous-cry,the two vDlians' sprang inte the bush. To turn to the right and fly along the path with the speed of the fawn was Carmeline's instant action. Bat to her-honor, .at a turn of the path the ruffians again confronted her. "; . "Halt 1" cried the man^tho had done all the talking, brandishing his club. "Ton are our lawful prize." Carmeline shrieked slond for help, though well aware of the hopelessness of human aid. *' Give her a rap over tho knowledge-box," said the seoond ruffian. " All right," replied his comrade, and a terrible., blow laid ; her eenseless on the ground. " I swear,"saij the assailant, as he stooped to lift her, " I believe I've killed her 1" " Hark J" oried his comrade, lifting a warning finger. "Thegallop of a horse 1 We're loBt I" Tfes other villain dropped the lifeless giri," and, following the lead of his accomplice, plunged into the thorny thickets, through which they writhed their way like serpents. It was no false alarm. The bushrangers made their escape just before a stout man, well-mounted, with 8 repeating rifle' slung at his b3ck, came thundering up the forest pith.' At sight of the stunned and bleeding woman he threw his horse on his -haunches by a pull at the powerful curb and flung himself from the 1 saddle. The trained animal stood like a statue, "More of these villains' bloody work!" said the horseman as he bent over Carrneliae. " Thank Heaven, they lelt it unfinished. Her life may yet be saved." He ran to a brook, dipped up some water in the crown of his'soft hat, hastened back, andbathed the face of the unfortunate -s-oman. She muttered some incoherent words, opened and shut her eyes. When he raised her from tho ground, she struggled with him a moment, and then her muscles relaxed. Carefully raising her, he mounted, holding her in his arms as tenderly as if ehe hud been a sleeping infant, while at a word his horse struck into a gentle canter. Two or three miles of riding cn the velvet tutf bronght them to a clearing, and then passing through a gate in a stockade fence, up ft gentle slope, along an avenue of acacias, to a rude but comfortable farm-house, with out-lying building* scattered round. There was an of freshness about everything, the house and fencings, which showed that it belonged to a recent settler. A hearty eld lady came to the door to wel come hits, but turned pale and hold up her hands when she beheld his strange bnrden— a young woman, apparently lifeless, her face bathed in blood. "Mother," said the horseman, solemnly, 'behold your charge I" "Who has done this cruel thing?" asked the old lady, as she received Carmeline into her arms. "Who but the bushrangers? But these vermin Ehall be hunted from the face of the earth! CHAPTEB XII. TWO HEABTS. When Carmeline once more opened her eyes to the light of day and of reason, she found herself lying in a comfortable bed round which mosquito curtains were careful!, drawn, in a plainly furnished room. The sun was up. She had overslept her- eelf. . It was high time to rise. But, to her surprise, she found herself unable to get out of bed. Then she glanced at her arms; they were all wasted away. She passed her handa feebly over her face; that, too, was thin and hollow. " What has happened to me ? Where am I ?" die cried aloud in terror. You are safe, among friends," said ldndly voice, as an elderly matron came forward and seated herself by her bedside. Oarmeline passed her hand over her forehead. I remember," she mattered, "something terrible. I remember being attacked by bush rangers in the forest. Who brought m here ? How long have I been here V Is this place Ballarat?" " My dear childf you must keep qui; Ballarat? No, indeed; that's only a settle ment of shanties and tents. You are in farm-house. My son found you, stunned and bleeding, and brought you here. This is my house. My name is Mrs. Carter." "Bat liow long have I been here ?" "Three weeks to-day." •"And I have known nothing all tha' time 1" " You have been veiy ill, and out of your head. -But last night web the crisis of your illness. The doctor eaid that if you passed a qaiet pigbt and awoke rational, he.wouid guarantee your recovery." 'My dear madame, I oife you my life." 'You owe it Jo Qae who_heard jour cry lor help and directed my son to your rescue," replied Mrs. Carter, solemnly. Bat of this we will speak hereafter—not now. Take this." • _ The good woman held a cup to the pale lips of the sufferer, who drank the contente. Then, sinking back cn her pillo w, she closed her eyes in a slumber as sweet and peaceful asanintanjfB Dr. Beverley bad judged the patient's case rightly. From this day. she began to mend rapidly, and in a week more was able to leave the room and go abont the house. The good woman whs had taken snch motherly care of her was repaid for all her watching and nursing when shs'saw her charge seated in an arm-chair at the window of the little parlor on tbe first floor,-with-a •dear light in her beautiful eyes, a faint Bmile on her lips, and a flint tinge of rose-color on her velvet cheeks. ' " My eon will soon be here to pay his respects to you," ehe said.' "There is his step 1 I should know it among a thousand." The door opened; a manly form entered. "Carmeline 1" "Mr. Meredith 1" Such were their mutual exdamations. Yes, Carmeline was beneath the xcof of her old lover. He, -whom she had xcjeeted for a worthless rival, had saved her life in the forest; his mother had saved her life in the farm-house. ..Meredith had not recognised her when he rescued her, because iier fa^e was then bathed-with blood from her wound, and he had not seen her from the. moment he had £tven her into ids mother's charge till now. The oia lady was a second time n widow, hence her name, Carter, "had prevented the invalid guessing at the truth. Both were greatly. agitated, -and it was some time before they could speak calmly. -Meredith noticed the black ribbons on Carmeline'a'firess—she had not had an opportunity of providing a full suit of mourning—and said: « Yon have lost a friend?" " My buaband/'ehe eaid averting her face. " Poor thing I Sa young to be a widow 1" Eaid Mrs. Carter. Carmeline glanced up at Meredith. It was an appealing look, and he understood it. She did not wish to reveal ber painful story. He gave her to understand by a rapid-gesture that he comprehended her and would respect; her wishes. " How Etrangethat yon should nave known Mrs.—I mean this lady," said Mrs. Carter. I beg your pardon, bat you know I never asked your name, my dear." " Vernon,'- said Carmeline, casting down -hst eyes. Yes, I was acquainted with Mrs. Vernon in England," eaid Meredith; ;'and I am very happy to have been of service to her. Bat now you must excuse me, madam," he added, addressing Carmeline. I lead a very busy life, and I have a thousand matters to attend to." • . . Had he remained another moment in the room he would have betrayed himself. He had need of being alone to commune with his own thoughts. Carmeline beneath his roof, and a widow 1 b . Mrs. Carter was untiring in the praise of her son. The good lady had now secured a listener, and ehe ran on for an hour on her favorite theme. She told how sucoessful Mark had b5en, how lucky he had been at the gold diggings, how fortunate in his land speculations, how well his cattle had turned out. He was always a good son, she Eaid, and an honest, Bteady man, and Providence had bles3cd him teyond bis wildest hopes. Carmeliae listened with mingled pleasure and pain. She rejoiced at Meredith's suocess, but she regretted that ehe was a temporary inmate of hia hfiuee. Had it been a stranger's, she would have been glad to remain in his employ contented with retirement and hard work. But her former relations with the master forbade her continuing in his family. She resolved, so eoon as she had gained a little strength, to leave Meredith's Hope, as he had prsttily named his settlement, and to seek other shelter. Inthe meantime she communicated with the Joneses, announcing her safety and her intention of joining them at Ballarat as soon as possible, requesting them to advanoe her a small sum of monfey—for ahe was now penniless—to pay tcr travelling expenses. Ths letter remained unanswered. During the delay she made herself useful about the house, and so endeared herself to M; s. Carter, by her resignation, industry, and dexterity, that the old lady came to love her like a child. Of course Carmeline was thrown continually into tho Eooiety of Mark, who was always cdhrtcous, but grave and nnimpassioned. It was evident that the old love had died out; as for herself, her own heart, as she thought, was dead within her. At last the long-expeoted letter from the Joneses reached her, having en enclosure of money. They were pleased at"the_ prospeot of her joining them. She communicated the intelligence to Mrs. Carter, and announced her purpose of leaving Meredith's Hope for B.uiarat fit once. Mrs. Carter was thunderstruck. " Why, my dear, I never, dreamed of you leaving us 1" ehe Eaid, and the old lady began t0"Y'am tired of eating the bread of idleness," said Carmeline. «• Idleness I Don't talk such stuff as that, Money couldn't pay for the help you've been to me. And then, I thought you'd begun to like me a little." Like you a little! You have been a mother to me. From the first moment I opened my eyes on your dear face, my heart went out to you. Dear, dear Mrs Carter, I loved you," and poor Carmeline burst into Then why won't you stay and comfort tho old lady ? What are these Joneses to you 1 Are they relatives IV "They were very kind to me on *ne TO" E Acdhaven't I been? Bat this will be news lor my eon; I must tell him of it." " Say then, dear madam, that my resolu tioa is irrevocable-" The old lady bustled out of the room and cid cot return to it. In a few moments the door opened and Mark Meredith stood beside ber. He was even graver than usual. " My mother tells me, Mrs. Vernon, that vou have decided to Jeavc us, and is almost broken-hearted about it. I had hoped that vou would remain as her companion, and that we had succeeded in making you coml0<>Mi ^Meredith," answered Carmeline, trvinc - to imitate a calmness, " the most tranquil and comfortable days of my life have been nassed beneath you hospitable roof. 1 owe you more than ehetter, I owe you my Ufa. aid whenlam far away fromhere, night and morning will I pray on bended knees that tbe choicest blessings of heaven deso unstinted bounty on Meredith's Hope." "Meredith's Hope I Meredith's Desola_ tion, rather, when you have left us I" cried Mark. All his stoicism vanished. "Carmeline! Carmeline 1 you are the cruelest of women. Do you think a man who once loves can ever forget? Do yon flunk I oan forget the poor little barefooted girl who «tended sheep on Overton Common I ?° n thinkl can forget the beautiful woman who touched my heart as no woman' ever did before or ever can again? Yon could not love me then, but T aid flunk that the bitter expericnee of life had changed your heart. Was it not Providence that reunited na after a long separation?—I still adoring, you once more free to listen to me? Carmeline, while you were another's I could still the beatings of my heart, could find in toil an anodyne to agony, but now ! now 1 there is nothing bids me be eilent, nothing bids ma retain torn declaring my undying love. GarmeUpe l Carmeline! Again I ask you tote my wife. '••I am penniless, and you .axe rich.'' "Had I all the gold in Australia, I should be poor without yonr loye; with it in poverty I should be wealthy.", , ^ t Carmeline pressed her hand to her heart, and leaned against ihe window-frame for support. • , Meredith sprang to hereide; he took her hand; he drew her to him; her head dropped on his shoulder. Hiding hex face, she faltered out: ' „ _ , . "Oh, Mark, I love you! How I love Then, by » sudden traumtioB, she pushed him away from her, raised her hcad, dried her streaming eyes, and then eaid: " Yea, Mark, I love you—love yon dearly— to dearly thst I can never be your wife." Haik Meredith fell from rapture to oe«- pair. .,, " Why—why ?" he asked, in b tone of the bitterest agony. ™ Because i am a convict's ictdoip. _ " Will you permit your misfortune 'stand inthe way. of my happiness ?" asked Meredith. iHear me, Mark," said Carmeline, ana she now spoke quite calmly; "I have asked you to conceal my storyfromyour mother, and you have done eo. How- go to her and tell her all." "Pa not ask me to do that." " You see that I was right. But if yon not tell her, I will. Mark, listen to your mother; she will tell you that I knew my dnty; she win console yon when -we "ere parted forever." {To he continued.") 