IART SECOND. In an East side tenement houso collar, a couple of, old chairs, a sdiled pine table and a mass of straw, indicated habitatioi. On the straw, huddled, rather, than sat,. a lad about seventeen years old. His face was sullen and careworn. Ho paid no heed whln.,nothor lad about his own age entered, and barred the door by pushing the table against it, exclaiming: " Get up, Hal ! I' raised the isind at last." " How", , . . , I "Never mind that part of the job, as long as I'm willing to' divy." "Ned 1. Did you steal that ? The boy had .risen and grasped ,the handle of the satchel Ned had daawn from under some pcddlar's nbtions heohad in the basket on his arm. "Oh, get out! steal nothin' . I tramped away up to Harlem an' half way bick until I met a'conductor who gave meo a ride on his platform. Right under my, feet was this yor.-bag-whose is it if 'taint mine ?". The boy had emptied the contents on the table, .and the picture that Cara was mourning fell face up among the' other things disgorged. ' . I One instant Hal gazed as if stricken; then he clutched it with trembling eagdr ness. . ! "Where did you get this? " he cried. "My mother! Miy father!" ' ! Ned looked at the boy in amazement as he covered the photograph with-' kisses, then throw himsulf on the ground sobbihn aloud. ' ' "Why, Hal, I got it jus as I told you. May be it wasn't just the squire thing to hide and keep it, but by --- this hog's life knocks a fellow all out. Dang th circus and dang us for a pair of fools " Hal continued to sob, and presently Ned sat down beside him and flung a tear from his own face with impatient shame. " Oh, come, now, Hal, let up. You and me'll never make a fortune and go home to the folks book heroes. That's all fine enough in print, but it won't'work with out capital. You gohome to yourmother and got slobbered over .and eat fatted calves; I'll go back to my uncle and take my lickin' like a man. I'd bettor take this yer bag to police headquarters and make a olean breast of it, and they kin send' it to your.folks, for some of 'em haslost it, like as not, and they needn't never know how down'at the heel in moralsyour chum got to:be." This quaint wisdom produced a quietig effect on Hal. ' He composed!himself, and with head bowed he continued to' stare at the photograph in silence. Ned got, up and moved around the cellar, took a slice of bread from the drawer in the table and ,began to dine off it; but he.failed to ap preciato the quality of the bread, for he flung it on the table, gave his peddlar's basket a savage kick, which seemed to: act agreeably on his system, as he began to collect the scattered merchandise with benignant resignation. This done he went up to Hal, and extending his hand, which, by the bye, was not as clean' as it might iave been, remarked appealingly: "Touch flesh, partner. I'm down. Don't kick me. I didn't have a mother long enough to kill the devil with her. kisses." The hands of the lads clasped. If their cheeks were baptised afresh with tears, who would scorn the weakness ? SA little while later they entered police head-quarters onI Mulborry-street, and were granted a private interview with the chief, told their story'and delivered up the' satchel. The chief was too fair a judgo of human'physiognomy'to doubt the lads. He bade.them sit down and wait. ,Despatch ing a messenger, hastily, he resumed his interrogations, to discover how seuoh' "decent young fellows got into such' a disreputable plight." "We got struck on a circus craze," re. plied Ned.. "'We thought riding and fancy jumping better than going to sdhool and being bossed by relations-at least, that's why I lit out from my unole'sfarm, where I got moro licks than candy, you bet But, shovelin' dung, and doin' that kind of fancy work for animals, was about the size of the job we got; an' when cold days come the beasts was turned in an' me'n Hal kicked out, 'cause they didn't have no cages left to put us in, I guess, Then we come to New Yook, and tried the Peter Cooper-A. T. Stewart dodge, and went to peddlin'; but there didn't seem to be any surplus cash comin' in to go home and cut a swell on." "Like the youth who live in gilt-edged try books," added the highly entertained chief. The door opened with a rush at this moment, and Cara's knight entered. "Got track of that satchel so soon?" he queried. " You were not gone teq minutes when te)6lla k9rol4t ju,- , N "They sl:al be hl d-omely rowarded. Are the contents all right?" "See for yourself. Here is the descrip tive list you left with me." Evens hastily examined the contents, and, with evident curiosity, looked closely at the photograph; saying: "Everything' aeems to be here, but what makes that picture so moist?" "' That youth with the downcast face can explain, -perhaps." Evens turned sharply to the boy, but Ned covered Iris friend's embarrassment by saying: "Maybe you'd shed tears, if your mother and father's picture dropped right under you eyes, like ghosts, when you weren't expectin' 'em !" '?Caught a mare's nest, oh, Evens?" was the amunsed remark of the chief, look ing at the puzzled expression on that gen tlemeh's face. "You had better take theses unique boy samples to your office and hear their story; then brace them with a little wholesome advico and send them to their homes." The letter sent to Cara that evening was the opening of a most interesting cor respondence. Itread: "That migratory satchel is determined to have a holiday. The lad who picked it up has disgorged the money-a post-sofice order for whichl I enclose. The picture and satchel are not in my hands atpresent, as the boy disposed of them, but as he lhas not destroyed either, I hope soon to have tlhe pleasure of restoring satchel and other conitnts to the anxious owner in the near future." 