A PRETTY STORY. AvESTtongh story, which is vouched for, after a fashion, is going tbe rounds and given for what it is worth. It is related that a Mr. S.M. was sitting in big backyard talking to some friends, when his attention was called to a ben with a brood of young chickens and a large rat that bad emerged from his hole and was quietly regarding the young chickens with the prospect of a meal in view. As tbe rat came from ite hole the house cat awoke from her afternoon nap and caught sight of the rat. Crouching low, she waited develop ments, and stood prepared to spring upon bis ratship. At the appearance of his ancient enemy, the cat, a Scotch terrier, which bad been sunning itself in the woodshed, pricked up its ears and quietly made for the place where the cat stood. At this momenta boy came upon the scene. The chickens were not cognizant of being watched by the rat, nor did tbe rat see the cat, nor the feeline the doc, who had not noticed the coming of the boy. A little chick wandered too nigh and he was seized by the rat, which was in turn pounced upon bythe cat, and thecatwascangbt in the mouth by the dog. The rat would not cease his hold on the chicken, and the cat in spite of the shaking abe was getting from the dog, did not let go the rat. It was fun for the boy, and in high glee he watched the contest and the struggle of each of the victims. It seemed to him that tile stone he hurled at \--Jt-»-n was bound to hitjthe rodent. The «-i*n was the stone struck the dog right between the eyes. The terrier released its grip on the cat and fell over dead. It bad breathed its last before the cat in torn let go the rat, and turned over and died. The rat did not long survive the enemy, and beside the already dead ckicken he laid Hmm»Tf down and gave up the ghost. The owner of the dog was so angry at bis death that be is said to have come near making the story complete by trilling the boy that killed the dog that shook the cat that caught the rat that bit the chicken in the yard en ? street. — San Fnuicifco Post. 