rflMeceUaneous* I The Measureless Deeps. Tllilnt: soinefimea that the sllenco itself lifls a soundless ghost, A stillness dcoptr than ocean, whoro gather ? the countless host , Of shades that aro shadows reflections, or = glooms that nro shades of gloom, And cchops o£ thoughts nnfnthomcd which never in words find room. Thore are thoughts which move at midnight too deep for a vision's reach ; There are waves deep down in silence, too strong for the grasp of. apeeoli : And a mystic intuition in Inlinilo doptli of spneo ? : ... ? Too fur to impress reflections or shades on -n mortal face. . . Wc khow in the silent chambers tlio beats of a distant heart, Wo. havo seen with an inner vision the cur tains ol silence part, And far in the shaded distance: have read, .as on magic scroll, ? - The words no sound could litter, addressed to nn 'earnest soul. . There arc things so dee,i nd saorcd they fleo tho approach of sn- »t-1, ? ' There aro ideas pure .i l holy no natural ; . hedgerows bound And somewhere, WtO adjusted, unseen,' tin- : heard, Intense, Aro the truths which reach us only through a seventh mysterious sense. Wo hear not, speak not, feel not, ybt 'wo think, and trust, and know, Whilothe viewless myst ic ourrcnts sweep , by ' in their endless flow, While above tho mirrored crystal there flutter; the ghostly wings, V ... j And a song too sweet for languago its jubl-, lant nnlhcm brings. i The grandest truth oE tho ages havo entered the heart liko this, The things wo can never uttor producing the; greatest bliss ; ..' / ! Mysterious . intuitions, swift shades of a' shadow-thought, . ! Have flooded the soul with sweetness in; miraclc wonders wrought. Wo kuow thero aro' soul vibrations, a subtle; and glorious bond, . Uniting tho world material with a something; so far beyond That it reaches us in soul waves, too delicate' 'far for touch. That the brightest words aro heavy and1 burden them overmuch, ? So wo learn its benutious wisdom. Its peaceful currents flow Too far for the rcach of evil, too high for tho touch of woo, Too deep for our words to fathom, too soft .for tho grasp of sound, In a place which God hath guarded with a silcnce most profound. Then welocme the mystic message, the peaco beyond all comparc, Toe sweet to be grasped or measured, found but by a voiceless prayer ; The sign . of a higher iprcscnce, a rapture which may not censo Till it reach tho great Nirvana and blond into endless peaco. A symbol of something coming, rovealing somo time to be, The ripples of glory lapping the shore of an endless sea : Tho secret of lifo eternal, loo grand for the bonds of speech, Conveying a soundless lnossa o to tho wait ing souls on tho beach. So the soul receives its message, by a route we may not trace, From tho deeps where fathomless silence broods over in endless space ; Where the finite may not measure with its puny rule and rod c Tho truths which tho soul rcceivcth direct from tho heart of God. J. Edgar Joxms. 