The Weird Bird of the South Atlantic. „ ,, As the craft bowls along in tne poutn Atllantio a n6W world seems to open on the voyager. The constellation of the. Southern Cross has scarcely become familiar to him before he begins to see ammai, or rainer bird, life altogether new to him. One of the greatest novelties of this kind that oan ever impress itself on the mind of man is the albatross'. Some morning the lounger will reach the deck and, casting his eyo in the : wake of the ship to judge her speed, will see a speck just above the horizon far astern. I Growing larger and larger as it approaches, j it finally developes into a gigantic bird, and J the old sailor, conning the helm, will gruffly suggest the faot that it is proper for the tyro to wet his first introduction to an albatross. There is something inexpressibly weird about the bird itself, as well as in its manner of flight, and it is a matter of little wonder to those who have seen it that a brain snch as Coleridge's should have hit upon it for the text of his Lady of the Ancient Mariner. Without a beat of wiDg, without motion of the body, the bird will, by long, easy-going . tacks, swoop up from astern until it gets -within eaBy wfttohing distance from the ship it chooses to follow. It will then " lay to"_ at that respectful distance, and, after taking thorough stock of the stranger that has in vaded its domain, will, with no apparent effort, swoop past the ship to port or star board, as the case may be, pass it by several cable lengths, and then, laying to on the opposite hand to its advancs, allow ths ship to pass it, and will then once mora take up its post as rear guard to the procession. \- Nothing can be more ghost-like than the action of the albatross in thus passing or being passod. No stroke of the wing oeeurs, and all the motion apparent, except that of 'the almost uninteligible cleaving of the air, is the half turn of the bird's head toward the ahip, made as if to see what manner of beast this was that had oome to bother if. Though aailors are over prone to superstition, they seem not to be very particular as to the sacredness of the albatross, and will always -assist in a capture, in spite of the ourse Cole- xidge associates, with its killing. The lords and ladies of the King of Dahomey's : court don't wear stockings ; therefore it would be nselesa for Queen Victoria to confer the carter unon any of them. They would be ap« to ®se it for a dog collar if she did.— Norr. Herald. _ . . . . jtawia rhnncsoL-oonor) nnnns an- OXAXUiLlX U1U UOUiU " - 'sence of the family, showing the bed Queen Elizabeth slept in. . Visisor : Is it bona fide J _ - Dame (bridling) : No, sir ; Hmglish hoax. Shakespeare remarks that " the good men do is oft interred with their bones." That may have been the rule in Shakespeare's time, bat the rule nowadays is to print it in the newa- Daners and carve it in big letters on the grave- stone.- —Puck. Mistress (to applicant)— Yes, I want a nice French maid. The last one I had Ionly kept a short time, because she couldn't understand English. French Maid — Ye'llhaveno thrubhle of that kind wid me, mum, Oi not only under- sthand English, but I spake it, too ,—Jseio York Sun. Most women value a clear complexion, if attainable. Helen of Troy is said to have bathed daily in wine and milk to preserve the purity of her silky skin. Cleopatra used various medicated ointments and fragrant cosmetics to enhance her charms. The be witching Catherine of Bussia habitually washed in strawberry juice; while strange and grim tales are told about the preparation of the mysterious baths Ninon L'Enclos is supposed to have indulged in. Our fair sex are less luxurious in these days, and we find that ladies who value a transparent white Ekin, a delicate complexion, in whioh the tint of the rose is softly blended with the . snowy hue of the lily, are now being advised by an eminent authority on the art of keep ing beautiful forever, to frequently apply the end of a raw potato to the face and neok by. gentle rubbing. After rubbing, the face and neck Bhould be washed, and gentle friction is to follow. Ladies are strongly urged to always keep a raw potato on the washstand. One great advantage the potato seems to possess over many other skin beautifiera seems to be its exceeding cheapness, as one potato can be used over and over and over again, since it is only neoessary to remove a. little of the outer surface and to pare off s thiu slice before applying the freshly cut surface. A good story is told of a prominent member of society who has a habit of tying a knot in ' her pocket handkerchief when Bhe wishes to fix anything in her mind which must be at tended to. She was engaged in a desperate fetation cn a certain occasion, and m her -Ktiiraction dropped her handkerchief on the Roca- This was noticed by her hostess, who endeavoured to break up the flirtation by inviting her guest into another part of the house As the latter rose from her ohair she atooued and picked up her handkerchief, noticing, as she did so, the knot tied in ona corner What have I forgotten to-day ? » ahe asked audibly. " That you have a hus band," replied the hostess. The story was repeated, and the lady, who is a well-known 1 member of the diplomatic circle, always keeps fcftfharirtkflrchief free from knots now. 