THE PEERYBINGLE PAPERS. Things in the political world continue to >n a decidedly mixed state, and all the Wv**Qld be holders^ of portfolios are kept in a most unpleasant state of "simmer." Mr. Ghiies i* at present the great oracle, and, like a wise oracle, despite the efforts of members and pressmen to ** work " it, he makes no sign. It is an ill wind that blows nobody good, however, and ths state of politioal affairs is affording nnmerons in tending . candidates an opportunity of announcing their intentions of standing at the general election. It is a peculiar oireumstance that very few of these candidates come forward of their own motion. None of them want to get into Parliament for their own aggrandisement or glorifica tion ; not they. They " have been requested," or they came forward "in compliance with a numerously-signed requisition." I met one of those requested" candidates the other dak, and I said to him: "I see by the papers, , that you are going to staad in deference to an urgent request. Tell ma candidly, now, have you been urgently requested * " Frankly, John," he replied, tf I have." "By whom?" I then queried. " By myself and my wife !" Another candidate was equally straight forward with me. He was definitely Announced as a "runner'Vfor the parlia mentary guineas, although I knew, that he stood not the ghost of a ehanae of being \ returned. I ventured to tell him so. and was rather surprised to find that he smilingly concurred in my expressed opinion. j " N o," he Esid eooliy, ** I have no eh an ¦ e at all, and I don't expect to go to the {toll, ytyfcojta I«Wli»4r DtniBtM b/mU tor ¦ ' 'HffAWClll ¦ Seeing the pozeled look upon my face, be hastened to *nligbjen me, . '* You see, one of the other candidates will make overtures to me to withdraw, and I shall consent to do so in his favour if he pays the expenses I have been put to in nrep˚ for the content. My reslBxpen*ea will have been about 503 , so I shall estimate them 1 roughly at £50. It's a capital dodge, and I always make a little money that way at a : general election." They say that time n money, and scarcely any person nowadays will be found to dis pute the truth of the saying. Still there is such a thing as being rather niggardly over one'a time. In a certain Melbourne office the proprietor foresaw that all his visitors during last week would wish him the eozn- pliments of the season. As' he considered that the neceeeary courteous reply would absorb a good deal of bis most precious time, be had a large card prepared with " the same to you and many of them" printed on it. This be hung up jnhis offioe, and as each lounger dropped in to wish him a happy new year, the diligent time-saver, without taking the trouble to look, merely pointed with his pen to tbe printed aoknow- ment of the good wishes and went on with his writing. By this great- eoonomy of seeonde that business man must have saved I ally as much time as he is likely to squander saying bis prayers during the year of our Lord 1886. He was passionately fond of his euolid, and geometry tinged all his thoughts. The clergyman of his church, who, believed that quantity compensated for laok of quality in sermons, once aBked him how he liked last Sunday's discourse ? "It was quite mathematical," he said, " and leminded me cf the definition of a line, for it bad length, but no breadth." It was this same young man who declared that if a certain diminutive member of Parliament were taken into the Ministry he would represent a human "point," as he would have position, but not magnitude. The tight little island of Tasmania is acquiring a very unenviable reputation, if we are to believe the tales of travellers who have been had there. The ohief product of Tasmania ia its olimate and the " sharking' propensities of the residents. The climate, which, like Sydney's harbour, is unquestion ably beautiful, lures ths unwary Victorian to spend one of his Bummer months in Tas mania, and the boardiug- house and hotel keepers may be safely trusted to do the zest. It ie only In summer that any business — or Victori&n; — is done, so the Taemauiacs make hay while the sun shines. On the principle that they don't kill a pig every day, when they do get hold of a visitor, they " go the whole hog." Though it might have some- wuat of a cannibalistic sound, the little boy would not seem to be very far from the truth when, in reply to the school inspector's question, "On what do the natives of Tasmania exiBt ? 'promptly answered," Upon visitors from the neighbouring colonies." No doabt some of the statements made by ex cursionists to " the dearest spot of all the earth " are somewhat exaggerated. . For instance, I do not believe the old tale of charging as " stationery " for the pen, ink, and paper used in making out the lodger's bill, nor the assertion that at one hotel sixpence extra is charged for eaoh mug of hot water supplied to the lodger who shaves himself ; but there seems to be no reason to doabt that Tasmania, by its voracious "sharking," is coming to be regarded as a colony of ill-fame, from which the foolish visitor departs with cleaned out pockets. It will surprise no one to read in the newspapers some fine day of a " new insolvent " who gives as the cause of his bankrnpty, " Spent a month in Tasmania." That explanation will be all-sufficient for his creditors. Confidence in his recognised institutions of civilisation is a leading characteristic of tbe British race at home and ab road. If hek&e; a grievance, he regards it as good as removed when he sits down and writes a letter with a dozen " now, Sirs " in it to tbe editor of a paper. If he loses his watch, he makes straight for tbe detective office, confident in the beiief that the thief-catchers will hand him baok his property before the week is out, whilst in threatened or actnal danger his panacea is to go fop the police. Mr, Tim! Iddity, who fives in our neighbourhood, ie a true Briton in this respeot. The other night he was awakened by a noise in his house. He rose quietly and dressed himself. Just then his wife woke. M What's the matter, Tim?" she asked. "'eh 1" replied the valiant Briton, " There's a burglar robbing the house, and I'm just goinj; to slip out quietly and go for the police 1" Mrs. Tim screamed, the burglar hastily deo&mpsd; with what he had, and Tim went sadly baok to bed. » " Yon see, women don't understand coolness at critioal moments/' said Tim to me when narrating the incident next day. " If the wife bad only kept quiet, I should have probably bren bark with a policeman before the tef-glar had finished his work," &9 «>id tbjs io All Mriouanesi, The I&ft; Ifisl tebing iiiUJbigbtTo^2%ntE^ his head. He was a peaceable, law -abiding citizen, and Would have gone for a policeman. Hot weather— no water ! The terms are almost synonymous in the suburbs of Mel - bourne. The ingenuity with which tbe Water ; Supply Department does the wrong thing at i the wrong time is something marvellous The presiding genius of Yan Ysan, our water- ' god, never seems to take his eyes off the thermometer and barometer. When he sees the dust and the mercury rising together, he chuckles with deligbt, and when old Fahrenheit registers over 100 in the sun, the water- god laughs until miniature etre&ms; of briuy moisture run down his cheeks. Then he o&Us; to him some of his attendant demons. *' Let's b8 gay," he cries. " Turn off the wrier 4n the suburbs. We'll show this growl ing public who is master here." No sooner said than done — and panting oitizens go about with unwashed bodies and unassuaged thirst to the intense delight of the officials of the Water Supply Department. When the thermometer fails and the baro* meter points to rain, the mirth of the water-god is satisfied, • and as soon as the first heavy shower comes, the water is graciously turned on again. It is said that onoe, and once only, 8n official in the Water Deparfcmeofc was dismissed. His cashiering came about in . this way :— The Chief Water-god -thought' he would like a few holidays; It need hardly be ~ said that, he took them in winter time, When Hhere was little likelihood of having any fun: with the publio." Whilst he was away on hie trip, however, there came a very hot' 6&y; — 98 in the shade. By some gross oarelesEness on the part of the officer who had been left in charge, the water was mt turned off, and tbe residents of the suburbs knew that there was something wrong. When the Chief Water-god heard of this unprecedented breach of departmental duty, he hastened in anger to town, and at once dismissed his subordinate. Suou a crime bad never been oommitted before, and, it is but justice to the water officials to add, hae never occurred einee. JOHN PEEBYBINGLE. . ^ — 