nD(eccllnneou0 + The. Measureless Beeps* J. Kiksau Joxi:s. * I lliink sonictimcr tli.it tbo silcncc itself lins n Kriiiti'llcsa ghost, A slilhu'Bs deeper than Occnn, where gather the couttllcfis host Of shades' that tiro shade's reflections, of glooms that, are shades of gloom, Aud echoes of thoughts unfnthomed which never in w.-uds find room. There are Ihnnghts which move at midnight . too do<;p for a vision's reach ; There arc. waves deep dovov in silence, too strong .fur the grnSp of speech : And a mystic intuition in inliiiitc depth of space Too. farlo impress reflection's., or shades on n mortal face. We know in the silent chambers the bents of a distant heart, Wo hive seen with nn inner vision the cur tains of silence part, And far in tho slinded distance have read, as on magic scroll, The wolds no sound could utter, addressed to an earliest soul. There are things so deep nnd sacred fhey flee -the approach of sound,.' There are ideas pure nnd holy no natural hedgerows hound, And somewhere, ? well adjusted, unseen, un heard, Intense, Arc Iho.tiuths which ronch us only through a seventh mysterious sense. We hear not, speak nut, feel not, yet wo think, and trust, and know, While (he viewless mystic currents sweep by in their endless flow,. While above the mirrored crystal there flutter the otiosity wings, And a s'irig too "sweet for language .its jubi lnuL'aiiShcin briu?s. The grandest truth of the ages bavo entered tlio heart like this, " The thing-; wo ran never utter producing the greatest bliss ; Mysterious intuitions, swift shades of a shadiiw-thought, Have flooded- the soul with sweetness in miracle wonders wrought. We know there are soul vibrations, a subtle and glorious bond, Unitingihi; world material with a,.something . so far beyond That it reaches ns .in soul waves, too; delicate' fnv for touch, That the bright est. words arc heavy and ... burden them, overmuch.' So we learn ' its benutious wisdom. Its peaceful currents tlow Too far for tho reach of evil, too high for the touch of woe, Too deep for our words to fathom, too soft for the grasp of sound, In a place.which God hath guarded with a silence most profound. Then welocme the mystic message, the pence beyond all compare, To?sweet to ho grasped or measured, found but by a voiceless prayer; The sign of a higher' presence, a- rapture which may not cease ? ?? Till it reach the grent Nirvana nnd blend into endless pence. A symbol of something coming, revealing some time to be, The ripples of glory lapping the shore of nn endless sen : The secret of life elcrnnlftoo grand for the bonds of speech, Conveying a soundless imssa c to the wait ing souls on the bench. So the soul receives its message, by n route wo may not. trnce, From the deeps where fathomless silence broods ever in endless space ; ? Where the finite mny not measure with its puny rule mid rod The truths which tho soul receivcth direct from tho heart of God. J. KixsAis Joxi:s. * 