RiDLEY 'S REAPING MACHINE. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—After the remarks in your leader of January 25 it seems necessary for me to break the silence which has hitherto been my most dignified course. At 80 years of age these tbirgs are of little consequence to me, but still i wish to leave on record some definite statement of the truth concerning my machine, since as my friend Mr. Forster says in his lecture, "most of those who knew the facts have passed away, and men who knew not Joseph have taken their place." For thirty years there was no question of my right to the sole honour of this invention, which, as is generally admitted, has had some share in the progress of South Australia, and from which I personally have derived none of the benefit which was my due. Not till the year 1879 was anything heard of the pretensions to which you have again given currency. In a letter in a recent copy of your journal I see a notice of a competition in which it is alleged that I took no part. To this I reply that I did not compete, having no wish for the £40 offered as prize, but that I was present at this meeting, and there announced that my machine was partly made, inviting inspection—an invitation accepted by several persons present. Some weeks before this meeting a letter signed "A Corngrower" appeared in the journal of which Mr. James Allen was Editor, which was the result of a communication made by me to him. I have always said that the first suggestion of my machine came to me from a notice of a Roman invention given in "Loudon's Encyclopaedia of Agriculture." To this I now add the statement that from no other source whatever did I receive the least help or suggestion. And I claim from the country I have served this small return—the acceptance of this, which is in all probability the last word it will have from me. I am, Sir, &c.;, JOHN RIDLEY. 19, Belsize Park, London, March 18, 1886. A reaping machine in the plains of Gaul is mentioned both by Pliny and Palladius, and is thus described by the latter :—"In the plains of Gaul they use this quick way of reaping, and without reapers cut large fields with an ox in a dray. For this purpose a machine is made, carried upon two wheels, and the square surface has boards erected at the side, which, sloping outwards, make a wider space above ; the board on the forepart is lower than, the others, upon it there are a great many small teeth, wide set in a row, answering to the - height of the ears of corn and turned npwardB at the ends. ~ On the back part of the machine two short shafts are fixed, like the poles of a litter; to these an ox is yoked with his head to the machine, and the yoke and braces turned the contrary, way ; he is well trainedand does not go faster than he is driven. When this machine is driven through standing com all the ears are comprehended by the teeth and heaped up in the hollow pa&t; of it, being cut off from the straw,..which is left;behind, the driver setting it higher or lower as he tinds necessary, and thus by a few goings and returnings the whole field is reaped. This machine does well on'plain and smooth fields, and in places where there is no necessity for feeding with straw." This is the complete account, and is very elementary, no beaters, nor box, nor threshing, &c.; GENERAL ORDERS RIFLE VOLUNTEER FORCE.—The following orders have been issued from the Staff Office by Lieutenant DeBnrgh:—Attention" is again called to extracts below; unless the information required is given it is impossible to arrange for the proper instruction of the RV F, The returns for May have - not yet been received from the officers commanding the companies mentioned below, which are within obtainable distance from head-quarters; it is requested that they may be forwarded—City, blyth, Brighton, Caltowie, Eastern Suburban, Goolwa, Gladstone, Laura, Mount Barker, Port Adelaide No. 2, Port Augusta, Quorn, iledhill, Riverion, Terowie, Unley, Goodwocd. and Parkside, Wallaroo, First Midland, and Kadina. Extracts R.V. Forse.—Circular memorandum of November 27, 18S5—To facilitate the sending of Instructors for drills and to ensure the rolls of the several companies being correct officers commanding are requested to cany out the following direction :—The hours and date of the eompulsory drills for each month to be sent in at the end of the month previous; and Ru Y.F. General Order No. 9 of 1836. Staff Office, April. 2, 1SS6.—The attention of officers commanding companies} R.V.F. is called to Paragraph 1 of circular memorandum dated Staff Office, November 27,188a. I am directed to point out that without this information being punctually Bent in it is impossible for the Commandant to arrange, as he wishes to do, for a more thorough organized attendance of Drill Instructors at the R.V.F. compulsory drills for the companies desiring the same and within Teach ot Adelaide. City Battalion R.V.F. Regimental Order.—In lieu of the compulsory battalion drill called for Thursday evening, May 13, the City Battalion of the R.V.F. will, assemble at their Paradeground, Noith-terrace, on Saturday afternoon, May 15, at 2.45. The Lieutenant- Colonel trusts that -every man will-make a point of being present. The City Rifle Battalion will assemble at their Paradeground, North-terrace, on* May 24, at 9 a.m., thence to proceed to| Montefiore Hill to take part in Queen's Birthday Review. On both occasions helmets and one pouch only to ^be worn, .Pouch to be on right front. Officers commanding companies of the City Battalion will, forward to the Lieutenant-Colonel by the 10th inst. the numbers of officers and men who intend being present at the rehearsal parade on May 15, and the numbers to attend on the Queen's? Birthday must 1>e sent in not later than the 15th inst. GAWLE$ AND WiLLAsftos LIME AND;BSTCK COMPANY—Some months ago this Company went into liquidation, Messrs. H. E. Bright, M.L.C., C. Cross, and J. Allen being ap-. pointed liquidators, and they not having been able jto dispose of . the property, called a special meeting of the ishareholdera to lay before them a report of what had been done. The limekilns at Willastori have been rented by : Mr. J. K. Charleston, and that gentlemah made OT offer to the Company to purchase the kilns right out, but the liquidators would not close at the amount' offered. The special meeting was held at the Gawler Institute on Monday evening, the Hon. H. E. Bright occupying the chair, and the following report was read:—"The liquidators beg to state that the property was placed in Mr. J. C. Wilkinson's hands to dispose "of by auction, but failing to obtain the reserve price it war not sold. The pioperty hai always, been open for a.purchaser at the reserve, aprice which the liquidators believe itto bewonh. Two distributions have been made, the first 3s. 6d, and the ^econdof Is. 3d. per share. The' Chairman interviewed the Commissioner of Railways and obtained a Rebate of 25 per cent: upon the rent of the siding to the Company's works, thereby making the property more valuable. "A. rebate of 10 per cent, hab been inade to Mr. Charleston upon the rent for' the current year'on account of the depression existing. A letter lias been received from Mr. Charleston's brother offering to purchase the property, but the price was thought too low, therefoie they replied that the property could be purchased at the price named to the auctioneer, offering him the option to give up the agreement and possession'of the premises on August 16. If this latter is not agreed to the liquidators intend offering the property either by tender or public auction some few weeks prior to the expiration of the date named. The balance to our. credit, after allowing for the unclaimed distribution, is £75 18s. 2d." After some discussion thereport was adopted, and the following motion was also carried :—" That the property be offered to Mr. Charleston, and failing a sale it be offered by public auction." UNIVERSITY SHAKESPEARE JOURNAL."— We have received the second number of the University Shakespeare Journal, The place of honour is occupied by MISB Dora well, B.Sc., who contributes the first part of an essay on " King Lear." The concluding portion of Mr. Champion's scholarly paper on "Shaktpeaie's Use of the Supernatural" is far and away ahead of the first instalment. Mr. Champion here touches upon the supernatural not as concerned *in fairies, witches, and ghosts, but as touching the hereafter, and the mysteries of life. Mr. J. P. Short begins an essay on " Borneo and Juliet, and there are two queries on Shakspearian matters, one of which would seem to have "drawn" the Editor considerably. We notice with pleasure that the Editor has acted upon our advice, and appealed rather to the generai members of the Society than to the officials for contributions. With the exception of a short paper on Shakspearian quotations by the Editor, this month's Journal is filled by members cf the Society who hold nohonorary tank. t c THE DESTRUCTION -OF VERMIN.—On -Wwdnesday morning a large and influential depilation of the holders oE auautvl leases.and- 1 eases expiring in 18SS waited upon the Chief Secretary (the Hon. J. C. Bray) for the purpose of urging npon^the Government the necessity of taking active measures to destroy .vermin on unoccupied Crown lands. Mr. J. L. Stirling, M.P.,. introduced the deputation, who desired to draw attention to the ravages committed upon stock by wild dogs, for the mischief 'Was on the increase. The deputation had not come to ask and assistance in keeping the evil from land held by lessees either Under annual or longer tenure, but to showthe Government the responsibility of assisting those lessees by keeping the pest off land unoccupiedfand unleased. He made special reference to the question of compensation lot' improvements on land held under annual leases which was surrendered. The Government had intimated that the lessees had bo right to surrender or to obtain compensation for improvements nntil the expiration of the terms. The Chief Secretai y said the Go vemment_ would seriously consider the whol& question. The Government felt in the nterest of the public generally that they could not consent to alloiV those holding annual leases to receive the value of their improvements until they were legallv entitled to it. A SHABEBEOKERS' QUARREL.—His Honor Mr. Justice Bundey was engaged on Wednesday in the case of P. A, Horn v. M. F. Gleeson, which is an action to settle a dispute as to the relations of the parties over the purchase from a broker in Sydney of forty Broken Bill mining shares at.a time when they fetched about one-third, the amount of what could be realized when the scrip was actually delivered inAdslaide. The plaiutifFs case was laid before the Court, and the further hearing of the .evidence will be proceeded with to-day.. .;..' THE INTERCOLONIAL RIFLE TEAM.—Sergeant-Major Esselbach, of the V.M.F., has written to Major Blannin, of Victoria, asking him if a match conid.be,arranged between. a south Australian team and the men who are going home to represent the sister colonies at Wimbledon. The Steamer with the team for England is expected to arrive at Adelaide on May 17, and Coring her stay the match could be fired on the Port Adelaide Range. In the event of. a favourable reply men will te selected who will practise in the meantime. • , •• .THE STRIKE AT THE MURRAY RELIEF WORKS —AS we announced on Tuesday, the men at the ieclairatioa works at the Murray Flats have been placed on piecework. The Conservator of Water considered that the men at.4s. -6d.. per -day were not working fairly and honestly for the Government, as according to the work they idid it would have cost about twice as much per cube yard as it would have cost at a fair contract price. The men were therefore put on piecework at per yard. Of ths ninety, men at wor^ jOidy forty accepted the rate offered, the remainder of the men striking, saying that-they, would not be able to earn. 4s. a day; ;Beuig 1 anxious topiovetbe truth or otherwise of this assertion the Conservator ascertained what the forty men who worked earned on Tuesday. He found that six of the men earned 6a. 5d;, six as. 6d. , three 5f$. 2d., sixteen ,5s., three. 4s. Sd., and -the remaining, six Ss. 6d., or an average per man of 5b. per day. It was thus proved pretty conclusively.,that, a capable man could-; earn more at piecework than the Government had been paying for daywork. All. the .forty' men worked but eight hours each. Our. Murray Bridge correspondent telegraphb «n May 5: — ,l The men on the relief works are quiet. The result cf working at piecework is- r turning out better than was expected.' Nearly all, the men are at wcrkat preeent-rthose at No, 'X Camp being on piecework, and those at No. 2 Camp, being, on ; piece and day work, the latter only until Saturday, when I under-, stand they will be paid off unless they choose to go on piecework, whish, under the circumstances, is better than nothing. If the men work hard they can earn from 4s. to 6s. per day." A FBIEKDLV CRITIC.—The Argus of May 3 writes in the 'following'hopeful strain:— "The colony of South Australia is to be congratulated on the successful floating of her lean of £1,332,400. The minimum was fixed at . £99, and the average price realized was £99 9s. 6d. In the present circuit.Btances this must be regarded as a highly favourable issue to a step that at first sight appeared of doubtful wisdom. There were several reasons for fearing untoward consequences. . The insane ' land racket,' and wholesale speculatini, that have raged like a fever in Adelaide, havo reduced the prosperity of the city t a low ebb. The failure of the Com mercial Bank, with its distressing. con sequences,- and • the : discovery of widespread peculation in financial'institutions, were not likely to inspire confidence. The fact that the ' Government went to the market at a time when -their securities "were low might have induced a belief that their, necessity-was greater than it actually is. The -state of afuirs in Adelaide afforded an opportunity'for lenders to combine and prey upon the colony. That the loan was successfully floated goes to prove thatEnglish capitalists have not lost their confidence in South Australian resources. It is evident, since the tenders far .exceeded the amount asked for, that they are perfectly satisfied with the colony's security. This mark of confidence ought io have a good effect in -the present depression. Altogether, the prospects of the sister colony are beginning to look brighter. 'The atmosphere, of the commercial world has been cleared,' as the President of.the Chamber of Commerce put it, by the recent insolvencies. Should the next season be ^ favourable, .and the crops reach the average yield, .the .farmers will! recover themselves. At the dispatch of the last mail rcopper-.was showing an upward tendency,- Then there are rich lodes of silver, : the working of Which can only be said-! to have begun. .When business es placed on « surer footing, an d -4he pernicious structure of false credit is-swept away, South Australia is . likely to revive'rapidly. The* revival would be considerably; accelerated by a stricter system of financing,, and the application of ^loans 8olely"to the purposes for winch they are authorized. ; But, in the meantime, the news from London belies the gloomy reports thgt the'depression has caused, and South Australia may take heart.'/ THE COSJET.—Mr. John Syinons, of Port Augusta, has furnished. the following particulars of the comet new. risible near Orion's Belt. He first saw It at' forty-five minutes ast 6 p.m. on Sunday; the sky was hazy. S ! n Monday evening-the sky was clear, and the comet was ithen 15° weBt of the constellation Orioni d OH Tuesday "evening there was a very clear. sTiy. and at 7 o'clock the comet was 2 p «a& of Rigel (Orfon), so that it < is travelling-eastward with great velocity. " Its magnitude isof the third class, and the nucleus extends'for about The -comet and its snrroundings 'are'not Very distinct. Agricul- [From Loudon's Encyclopaedist-of ture—p 26.] 