THE GEOWTH OF THE ENGLISH NOVEL. The novel has become a necessity of civilised life. It is the form of literatnre which the average reader appreciates most easily, and whicli reaches the greatest number of people. Dickens's tales find their way to 1 tlie mining camps of the wild pine-covered [ sierras of California; they bring humour j and pathos into the solitudes of the ] Australian bush. The name of novel readers is now educated humanity. Every one who knows the letters of the alphabet seeks amusement for his leisure hours in fiction. A vast number of books are written for boys and even for the youngest children, while Sunday-schools and religious journals have been obliged to conform to the popular taste and compile fictitious narratives suit able to themselves. The objection to novels has completely disappeared. At one time they were regarded as nonsense and lies, unworthy of serious attention, and some, at least, of the present generation must have been exhorted by their mothers and grandmothers to avoid them like poison. The Quakers for bade the reading of them altogether. Sir Anthony Absolute condensed an all but universal prejudice into a phrase by describing " a circulating library as an evergreen tree of diabolical knowledge," Ladies hid the prohibited writings and devoured them by stealth, and authors threw in scraps of in formation and moral " tags" in order- to combine instruction with amusement, and make way for their work. " Novel-readinp says a quarterly reviewer, " was treated as something between a moral frailty and a waste of time. For many years it was a stolen pleasure, bread eaten in secret," But all this has changed. The novel holds a recognised place in the world of letters. To dcuounce it would be to appear as foolish as Don Quixote, to pose as the last of the Puritans. The popularity of this branch of literature, both among authors and readers, is easily ex plained. The novelist has the widest scope for painting men, manners, and society. All the world lies before him, and he can pick and choose from an infinite storehouse of facts, He is able to use incidents that are excluded from the drama with its more vigorous and compressed action. He is at liberty to introduce descriptions of scenery, or to poartray the full effects of any par ticular habit of mind, lie can be didactic without investing himself with the cane of a teacher or assnming the attitude of a peda gogue. He may write with a distinct purpose, without appearing in the wig and bands of a hired advocate. Dickens's description of the Fleet, of the Court of Chancery, of the Circumlocution Office, whicb are episodes of his stories, paved | the way for useful reforms; and his account of Dotheboys-hall killed an abominable j type of school that nourished in Yorkshire. Similarly Charles Reade wrote sensational tales, and made tbem the means of exposing social abuses. Further, the novel lends itself to an elaborate analysis of character. The creations of George Eliot are living beings, in which the motives of conduct, the springs j of action, the eccentric course of passion, and the turns and twists of the mind, are all laid bare. The elegant conversations com posed by James and Howells, who never take the trouble to invent a plot, deal with minute and subtle mental touches. They are in reality dissections, though the dissection is concealed by an air of reality and the neat ness of the style. Again, the novelist can use his art to depict things which would once have keen the subject of an abstruse essay. To this class belong Democracy and some kindred works, which throw a flood of light upon the details of the American constitution. The novel has annexed field after field. It has overshadowed the drama, and almost pot an end to the essayist It is the true mirror of the time; the faithful chronicle of the present From its pages start up the like nesses of men and women, complete from their mode of thinking to the last button on their dress. Few of the many readers of the day, however, have entered into the history of the novel, which is the subject of an excellent article in the current number of the Quarterly Review. The growth has been long and fluctuating. Our modern works are the top leaves of a tree which has its roots deep down in the centuries. The imagination has been led by strange paths to that study of human nature which it now clothes with interest. The first English novelist was the immortal linen-draper who conceived the Adventures of Robinson Crusoe. Prior to his time the upper ten ted their minds with romances, and the lower classes found recreation in beer-drinking. The scanty readers of that early time delighted in hearing of Charlemagne and the knights who fell at Roncesvalles, of wizards and witchcraft, of things strange and impossible. The more improbable a story, the better it was relished. Royal personages performed as tonishing feats of valour, and kept their virtue throughout whole folios of temptation. The old romance was a jumble ot the marvellous. It mixed the mythology ot Greece, the dragons of early Christendom, the childish stories of the Baints, and the doughty deeds of mediaeval heroes in inextricable confusion. The King of France became a descendant of Hector of Troy; magic cups and talking trees were as common as blackberries. But a reaction set in against this mixture of mythical extravagances and literary mon strosities. As civilisation spread through the people a new class of readers came into existence, who wanted something more akin to reality. Women, who had long been con fined to the two arts of spinning and cooking, began to dabble in books. Shopkeepers, who had gained a little leisure time, commenced to take some interest in literature. A new form of fiction was requited for the new public, and the discoverer of it was Daniel Defoe. The absurdities of romance vanished like a morning cloud. The hard-working, in dustrious people of the middle classes de manded something work-a-day and realistic, and the tendency of the English novel, during two centuries has been towards reality and truth to nature. Defoe's great merit lay in that circum stantiality of detail which gives a semblance of truth to every line. He writes with a frankness and minnteness that induces a transitory belief in the actual fact of -his story. Every adventure, every escapade, as sumes an appearance of authenticity. -His reflections are so adapted to the moment that The inherent improbability that a man could live alone on a desert island without losing aught of his skill and without degenerating to power of reason is carefully glossed over. Once this is admitted the account becomes as authentic and minute as if it were drawn from a diary, Defoe meets the reader with a challenge to disbelieve him, and for the moment the reader yields to the wonderful(correctness of the story. But in tiooinson Crusoe there is no plot, passion, or character. It was not Defoe's mission to analyse human nature, or to describe senti ment. bike a true business man, he wrote a matter-of-fact story, based on a recent event, in order to please his clients. His power is simply the art of creating an illusion, of making the fictitious appear natural, life-like, actual, _ His service to literature consisted in destroying the old tales of romance by con structing a more realistic fiction. About the middle of last century the novel made its position in the hands of four men, who were all gifted with the realistic genius, the first of these was Richardson. Richard son, who was a conscientious printer, a peaceable citizen, and a pet and confidante of ladies until, at the age of 50, he suddenly blossomed into a popular author, would ap pear dull to the modern reader. Sir Charles Grandison and his other correct heroes are bores whose acquaintance no one cares to make, Even the peerless Clarissa Harlowe, though she deserves to be known by many, is known to very few. The incidents are epun out to an inordinate and unnecessary length in every book. Still Richardson—and this is the secret of his fame—advanced be- yond Defoe by introducing the study of character. In addition to the realism of events he endeavoured to imitate realism of character. Fielding and Smollett, of whom the former was by much the greater artist, carried out tne same tendency by rich and varied pic tures of actual society. Though often coarse, they revelled in life as they found it. Tavern orawls abound, absurd incidents, ridiculous misfortunes. They are, like Yonck, fellows of infinite wit; but their characters are taken direct from nature. They trust for minute details, but to broad and vigorous touches. On the other hand, Sterne _ exaggerated the eccentricities of humanity, lingered over its oddities,and spun chapters out of its trivialities. Every character is anomalous. In Sterne's eyes every man had a whimsicality, which an accident might easily make prominent. The novel was then steadily turned towards real life, but two things were still lacking; one the purity of family life and the other pathos and passion. The former was given in Gold smith a charming story of the Vicar of Wake field, which has attracted attention through cut Europe in epite of its wildly-improbable plot, on account of its homely descriptions, the genial and witty Irishman created characters of flesh and blood, moving in a pureand domestic idyll. Not even an innuendo eulhed his work, not one of the stains of the earlier writers fell from his pen. The novel emerged from his hands chaste and pure, relying for success upon its delineation of peaceful and virtuous lives ; and his book marks a great change in manners and in taste. Since his time the English writers of fiction, unlike their.brethren of France, have written so that their words could be read by boys and girls. The same tone was more tolly impressed upon our literature by Miss Burney, who enjoyed an extraordinary repu tation in her day, and has been extravagantly praised by Macaulay. She created, without producing any world-famous work, the society novel, which runs its ever-broaden ing course to the present day. Mode per manent in the popular taste by Miss Austen, this style of composition has been taken up by scores of women. The -society novel, In fact, affords constant female employment, and threatens, like the lady teachers, to monopolise the market. The element of paBsion and pathos was more difficult to find. Fielding did not possess it at all. Sterne's pathos was lachrymose, sentimental, and directed towards the wrong objects. Accordingly, at the close of last century romance began to revive. For a time, melodrama reigned supreme in the works of Mrs. Radcliffe and Monk Lewis. The villain was thoroughly a villain, and depicted with a scowl that would still gladden the galleries. Mysteries were plentiful; and exriting, often super natural, incidents kept tne reader enchained. But in melodrama there is no character. Virtue and vice are incarnated in a set of puppets, which move as the strings are pnlled. The interest depends upon events which are improbable and unreal. Conse quently, when Scott came with the historical novel, the artificial melodramatic fiction shrank away like one of its ghosts, and only appears once a year at Christmas, neing still apparently doomed, like the buried majesty ot Denmark, to walk the earth for a space. Tne historical novel itself has only had one acknowledged master, but it re-introduced the romantic element The basis of pathos and passion is now found in a love plot to which any episode of life may be added at the discretion of the author. A love story, with the remainder of human life somewhat awkwardly tacked on to it, is now the stereotyped form of fiction. The Quarterly reviewer doubts whether the historical novel should be encouraged, on account of the difficulties which it pre sents. It must certainly be admitted that no writer can be expected to depict the customs of the past with the same accuracy with which he can describe those of his contem poraries. Even the greatest geniuses must fail to do so. Woodstock is not to be ranked with The Antiquary, or Esmond with The Newcomes. Still, the historical novel, though the reader may detect much that is artificial in its composition, is not with out its uses. Scott had the faculty of making the old world live, and few would willingly see Kenilworth or Old Mortality die. In this way some vivid idea of history may be conveyed, which would be left untouched in more formal and more authentic works. Historical fiction is now busying itseli with trying to reanimate the dead bones of forgotten empires, and endea ] vouring to rejuvenate ihe mummies of the East and Mexico. Mr. Crawford has fur nished a series of splendid pictures of Persia in the days of Zoroaster.andother less known writers have adopted the same strain. These books may not contain the highest or most realistic development of imaginative art, but they open up a field which may be profitably occupied.. They may make the dim shadows of burred nations appear more substantial, ihe reviewer ia nearer the truth.in criticising that novels deal almost' exclusively with the passion of love and the sentimental landed or l his disjointed) thread of a i_. necessity for mal all of existence, , cident, the bat" AH*hlcfathB' kirilhjrr tudii plot?1 maid' the tale. Justin M'Carthy has fallen into the curious mistake ol saying that the modern novel requires to be "dipped in the holy well of Romance." In the majority of modern novels the romantic and sentimental flower is all run to seed. They contain the veriest prose, which is set lorth as the poetry of love. They have to be accommodated to the narrowness of the conventional form. What is wanted is rather that authors should have the freedom of Fielding and Smollett ; they should develops character by means of a series of in cidents, and the incidents need not be the stale devices of love, doubting, fearing, hoping, and triumphing. There are more gods than Cupid ; Venus is not the sole standard of art; the whole world is not given over to love-making. 