THE SODALITT OF THE BLESSED VIRGIN OF ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL. ADDRESS BY HIS EMINENCE CARDI- NAL MORAN. There was a large and thoroughly representative assemblage of the Catholics of Melbourne and suburbs at St. Patrick's Cathedral on Wednesday evening on the occasion of an address being delivered to the members of the Sodality o£ the Blessed Virgin of St. Patrick's Cathedral by His Eminence Cardinal Moran. The great building was thronged in all the unreserved portions by the general public, and the reserved portions were fully occupied by clergymen and members of various sodalities. The priests attendant at the throne were the Very Bev. Dr. Corbett, V.F., and the Very Rev. Dean Beechinor (Launceston). Selections from the " Stabat Mater" were admirably rendered by the Cathedral choir, under the leadership of Mr. Furlong. Cardinal Moran, from the pulpit, addressed the members of the Sodality. He took as his text the words of our Divine Redeemer in the 28th chapter of St. Matthew:—" All power is given to Me in Heaven and in earth. Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations; and behold I am with you all days, even unto the consummation of the world." His Eminence said that the mystery of the Incarnation unfolded to them the infinite riches of the mercy of God. Man had fallen from his high estate; the world was encompassed in darkness; it was overwhelmed in a flood of corruption and vice. But the Eternal Word .of the Father, like unto the Father in all things, the splendour of His substance, and the figure of His glory, in an excess of mercy, became like unto them, and assumed human nature that He might offer an eternal holocaust to the Most High, expiate their sins, and purchase for them their lost inheritance. He was indeed omnipotent, and He went down from heaven to earth that He might lift them up, and lead them securely in the ipaths of heaven and of peace. He was eternal truth itself, and His light came to shine amid the darkness of this world, and to reveal and teach them those truths regarding God and regarding themselves—those fundamental truths that were necessary for their happiness here and for their eternal happiness hereafter. He was the very well-spring of mercy, and for their fallen nature he opened those fountains of living waters, whose sacramental streams brought healing to their wounds, purified their corruption, and imparted to them that life that was eternal. Their Divine Saviour thus became the way, the truth, and the life. These blessings of redemption were to remain to the end of time. They were not to be merely the portion of those who were privileged to live in Judea and Galilee during the few years of the public ministry of their blessed Lord. For 4000 years all mankind had looked forward to that long promised day, and to the close of the time all nations should be the inheritors of those heavenly blessings. And how should those blessings be handed on to the remotest generations to the end of time? The ways of God were not as the ways of man. Their Divine Saviour selected a few humble fishermen of Galilee; He instructed them in His Divine truths; He set the seal of Heaven upon their lips; He strengthened their hearts from on high; He imparted to them the Holy Spirit of God, and He sent them, the heralds of the blessings of Redemption to the end of time. He had received the mission from the Father to redeem fallen man, and, addressing these humble disciples, he said said to them— " As the Father hath sent me, so do I send you." He set upon their lips the lessons of His own (heavenly wisdom, and He said to them " He who hears you, hears Me." He brought from Heaven the Light of Truth to be their portion, to dwell in their hearts; and He prayed the Father that He should give the Eternal abiding Spirit of Truth to lighten the minds of these,His chosen disciples, that He would teach them all Truth, and that He would abide with them for ever. "I will ask the Father, and He will send the Paraclete, the Spirit of Truth. He will teach you all things; He will remain with you for ever." And the Father had given to the chosen Redeemer the world, the whole world, as His inheritance. He had given it to Him as a kingdom purchased by His blessed blood. This kingdom was foretold of old. It was to be a spiritual kingdom. It was to fill the whole earth. And the Spirit of God would rest upon this kingdom. It would not pass to any other people. It was to abide for ever. And as the Psalmist told them, " All nations were given to the chosen Saviour as his portion. His possession was to be to the extremities' of the globe." And now the Saviour, addressing the disciples, said to them, " I appoint to you a kingdom, as the Father hath appointed to me. You shall rule the twelve tribes of Israel." All the spiritual children of God, to the end of time were to be the spiritual inheritance of these disciples of their blessed Lord. And before ascending i to the Father, He gathered these Disciples around him,«and He addresssd -them in the words which he (Cardinal Moran) had chosen as his text:— " All power is given to me in Heaven, and upon earth. Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations. Make all nations your disciples, and behold, I am with you all days, even unto the consummation of the world." Oh, wondrons words—words full ol blessing to our fallen race ! They were the charter of pur Church—the covenant of heaven's blessing to man to the end of time, 'ihe Divine Saviour was invested with power when on earth. How did He exercise that power? He exercised it at once in a threefold way. In the first place he commissioned the apostles to go forth and make all Hations their disciples. It was not to one particular people they were to confine themselves. The Indus or the Euphrates were not to be the boundaries of their spiritual kingdom; they were to cross the Danube, and pass by the Pillars of Hercules. They were not bound by tongues, tribes, or people. This was the first exercise of this infinite power. And then He added, "Behold, I am with you." Oh, blessed words! They were the Sacramental words used throughout the Scriptures to be a pledge of divine promises. These words were the pledge that tbe Saviour—He who was Onimipotent—was with His chosen disciples; that He would lead them on from victory to victory.- When the leader of the Jewish people was told to free his people from Egyptian captivity he cried, " Who am I that I should stand before Pharaoh ?" The answer from above was " I am with you." This was the pledge that he would be successful in his mission. Again, he was told to smite the Canaanites, and the same divine pledge given to him that God would be with him. And so from age to age the same divine promise was at all times in the Sacred Scriptures, a pledge that the power of God would achieve the results to which the missionaries were sent. Again, in the third place, our Divine Saviour showed forth His power when He tells His apostles to go not only to all nations, but to exercise that power and authority then, and unto the end of time, and He promises to be with His chosen disciples until the end of time. All things would change. Human empires passed from one people to another, or from one dynasty to another dynasty, but on all days the apostles were to herald the divine truths to the children of God. Hence it was that the apostle, when he had gathered around him the bishops of Asia Minor, wrote to them that the Holy Ghost had truly pledged them as the bishops of the real and spiritual kingdom of God. He said that the angels of these churches were seven stars that were held in the right hand of the Lamb. This set before them the full mystery of the Church of God in relation to their Divine Saviour. The churches of God were ever in the presence of their Blessed Lord. He was with them for ever to pour out the blessings of heaven upon His people. But those whom He has chosen to be the ministers of His mercy, the successors of the apostles, they were held in His right hand. He was the true source of that light which they imparted, and He was the source of that strength which it was theirs to communicate to the children of God. But if such was the instruction as ordained by their Divine Saviour in God's Holy Church, was there to be no bond of union to unite those scattered members, those scattered churches, stretching as they did from pole to pole ? Their Divine Saviour chose one of the apostles, and addressing him he said:—"Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I w ill build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it; and to thee shall I give the keys of the kingdom of heaven. Whatsoever thou shalt bind in earth it shall be bound in heaven; whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth it shall be loosed in heaven." And, again, He said to the same chosen disciple that while Satan sought to destroy all the apostles, he desired to sift Peter, even as the wheat was sifted in the harvest time. But He told Peter, "But I have asked for thee, Peter, that thy faith shall not fail, and do thou confirm thy brethren." And, again, before ascending into heaven the same chosen apostle heard the blessed words addressed to him, "Feed my lambs; rule my sheep; feed my sheep." What was the meaning of all those heavenly words addressed to this chosen disciple ? They were meant to teach them that although all the apostles were the depositaries of the Divine Power, and were to be the heralds of the blessings of redemption to all nations to the end of time, yet there was to be one visible centre, one chief pastor to rule the whole flock of their Blessed Lord, one central Power, whom all the rest should obey. And even as there was one spiritual bond of union, the Eternal Spirit of God that abides in the Holy Church, so there was one visible centre of authority and of union, whom all the scattered members were bound to obey. In the first place, this chosen apostle was marked out to be the Rock. Their Divine Saviour Himself was the true centre of all power, the source of all strength and all vigour in the Church of God ; but He imparted this strength to that chosen apostle, and declared that he was to be the Rock on which His Church should be built. That Church might ascend in height even unto the heavens; its shadow might expand even to the extremities of the world; but if it were the Church of Christ, no matter how exalted it might be, it must rest upon that chosen Rock—that was the chosen apostle, St. Peter. And the powers of this world might rage around that Church; the oceans of this sinful world in their unceasing ebb and flow would assail that Church; and the storms would fall upon the Rock and the Church that was built upon it; and statesmen would plead against it; but the Word of their Divine Saviour was inscribed upon that Bock—"The gates of hell shall not prevail against it." The Divine Saviour had given to His most chosen apostle a special power and the keys of the kingdom of heaven. The symbols and spiritual, authority were transferred to the chosen disciple to teach us. No matter what other people may say, the authority was centred in St. Peter, whom all .were to obey. St. Peter was not to be idle in the exercise of this authority, and was to be a ource of strength to his fellow men. In fine, our Saviour told us that it was Peter's special mission to feed His lambs, and not alone was he to feed the lambs, but he was to rule the whole sheep-fold of out Blessed Lord. Such was that spiritual apostle, the authority of whom was so faithfully borne by that illustrious prelate whose deccase they all mourned that day. They mourned the loss of a father who loved them with a father's love. They mourned him as a true shepherd who had ministered unto them with all a true shepherd's love. The whole Australian Church mourned his loss. He was a pillar of strength to the Church, and an ornament to our religion throughout the length and breadth of the land. It was not easy for us to realise how much was done in these great colonies during the lifetime and ministry of this wonderful prelate. It was not easy for us to realise that in the beginning of his Episcopate he had but one small church, and that then there were in Victoria a few hundreds of Catholics where there were now hundreds of thousands. All this was the work of God, and the de ceased Archbishop was the chosen vessel to accomplish these things. It was not easy for us to realise that a few years ago only shepherds' huts stood in this district. It was not easy for us to realise that when this illustrious prelate returned for the first time from Home, and landed at Sandridge, he had to walk three miles before he reached a single habitation and his own little church. It was hard to realise that so short a time ago such was the state of this immense populous city which had grown up amongst us, where there were so many churches, convents, and schools, and so many homes of piety, and, above all, their beautiful Cathedral, so vast in its structure, BO imposing in its architecture, and so perfect in its minutest details. And this was but the beginning of the many things that the power of God had acheived during the Episcopate of this illustrious prelate. When he commenced his labours in the diocese he had as few priests as there were now dioceses in the archdiocese. And these dioceses were not mere skeletons; they were fully equipped for the work of God. Each of them had its due number of churches and schools and other religious institutions, all labouring to do God's work and to lead souls in the paths of salvation. He should not attempt to enumerate to them all the wondrous things that had been achieved by the power of God during the past thirtyeight years of the Episcopate of Archbishop Goold, but he would mention to them that it was his privilege to have a leading part in all the various Synods that have been held in this new Continent of Australia. At the first Synod that was celebrated, in the year 1844, though he was not as yet elevated to the Episcopate, still he was privileged to take a prominent partin the sessions of the Council. That first Council of Australia was celebrated on the Feast of the Nativity of Our Blessed Lady, the 8th September, 1844. The morning of that day witnessed the consecration of that third Australian bishop, the saintly Bishop Murphy, of Adelaide; and on the evening of that day those three prelates, and others whom they enrolled as members of the Synod, and amongst them the then Dean Goold at Camperdown, assembled to deliberate on the spiritual welfare of the flocks entrusted to them. And there was this to be remarked about this first Synod of Australia. It was the first Synod ever celebrated in the British dominions in public solemnity since the time of the Reformation. In the Home country, even in the Canadian Dominion, there was such bigotry stirred up from lime to time against Catholic pastors and against their flocks—so many were deluded with false ideas regarding the teaching of the Church and regarding the Church's discipline—that it wasimpossible for the pastors of the Church to assemble with public solemnity even to enact those episcopal laws which were necessary for the guidance of the Holy Church. Australia was destined to be the first to break those bonds which bound the Church, and to dissipate those clouds of bigotry which blinded the minds of those who were hostile to the Holy Church, and the first public Synod celebrated in the whole British Empire since the Reformation was the Synod of 1844, in which Archbishop (then Dean) Goold was privileged to hold a leadingpart. At the late Plenary Council he was prevented, by his infirmities, from taking part, but he had a worthy representative there to speak in his name and to sign the decrees by his authority. But the preceding Synod was held in Melbourne, and Archbishop Goold, by his princely hospitality, won the hearts of all who assembled or took part in the Synod. He took a leading part in carrying out the disciplinary enactments of that Synod, and in laying deep and broad foundations of Church discipline. On more than one occasion, too, this distinguished prelate was commissioned by the Holy See to visit neighbouring colonies, in order that he might investigate some ecclesiastical matters, and no less than five times he visited Bome, the centre of spiritualautliority, there to receive the blessing of the successor of St. Peter. St. Paul, the chosen apostle, though commissioned by the Divine Saviour Himself in heaven to be the herald of sacred truths to all nations, even he told them that he wished to visit St. Peter, lest in vain he would have preached, in vain he would have run his spiritual course. And it was so with -the illustrious Bishop of Melbourne, five times he set out on that weary pilgrimage to Bome, there to receive a blessing on his Episcopate, and there to receive some instructions which would be his guide in administering the affairs of the diocese. And on one of these occasions it was his privilege to take part in the great Vatican Council—the greatest Council, in many respects, that has ever marked the existence of the Catholic Church. There wereassembled no fewer than 800 prelates within the Vatican walls to take part in the deliberations of that great Council. There were no people under the sun which were not represented there. It would appear at such a council as if the Spirit of God had summoned, from the remotest parts of the earth, the chosen representatives of the Catholic Church. All nations and all tongues would be there seen, united in the same spirit of charity, animated by the same divine spirit of truth, and all united in giving to the supreme authority of St. Peter the seal and testimony of the Catholic Church. That sacred teaching had at all times been the sacred heirloom of the Catholic people. It was reserved to the Vatican Council to give a solemn stamp to that teaching, and one of those who was foremost in upholding and giving the seal of authority of the Church to this consoling teaching in this Holy Church was the deceased prelate. Here he wished to mention the special gift of the people of this colony which the deceased Archbishop brought with him to Bome. He brought with him nuggets of Australian gold, from which medals were made and distributed amongst those who attended that Vatican Council. It was Australia's privilege to commemorate in this way the holy truths giving the seal to long-cherished belief of the Catholic religion. But it would be too long to pursue the achievements and zeal of the prelate whose death we mourned. There were many [things, perhaps, that he should have mentioned, but there was one he could not overlook. It was the last, but certainly not the least, of those institutions to which he gave the pastoral blessing before he closed his eyes in death. He wished the Sodality of the Immaculate Mary to be instituted in this city. There were many other sodalities to which he had given his blessing, but his last blessing was given to this chosen sodality. He gave them the Blessing of the Divine Messiah. Our Saviour said to his disciples:—" My peace—I give it unto you ;" but how different was the peace of the Divine Saviour to the peace of the world. The peace of the world was like those whitened sepulchres—fair to look at, but covering corruption. It was like an imitation of precious gold that may deceive us at a distance, but when we came close we saw how different it was from the precious metal. The peace of the Divine Saviour was the inward true peace that came from faith. This was the spirit of the Church at the present day. He wished to see the sons of the Church united together, not for political purposes, or for commercial purposes, but in order to diffuse around them an atmosphere of sacred faith, sacrifice, and love. In conclusion, he would say that we mourned the death of our illustrious prelate, but there was another duty involved upon us. We should lift up our hearts in raise that through His chosen vessel He has isited so many blessings upon us. May is Blessing be with them all. Benediction of the Most Holy Sacrament as then given by his Eminence the Cardial. 