MONDAY, Ev'n FKMBMl 1, 18813. In considering Admiral TRYON'S suggestion of a colonial subsidy for cruiser. catchers," care will have to be taken not to go beyond the Admiral's reasons. We must not imagine that greater benefits are to accrue than those which are promised. The temptation to enlarge in this way is very strong. Already, indeed, it is averred that the best thing the colonies can do is to accept the proposal without demur, inasmuch as we can then cease or relax our efforts to defend ourselves on land, and can save money accordingly. But this is not a view put forward by Admiral TRYON and that officer would be the first to desire that they should be no misconception on the subject, 'The proposed expenditure is to be additional to what we undertake now. If we consent to the scheme, we shall be rewarded, by more security for our com- merce at sea than we now possess, but we shall not be relieved from the responsibility of spending a shilling less for harbour defence. On such a point there ought to be no misconception, for with us harbour defence is of the not importance. Guarding the extremities is good, but guarding the vital organs is a necessity. To put armour on legs and arms and leave the breast exposed, would seem sufficiently absurd to any- body, but that is what our position would be if we were content with equipping light cruisers to hold semi piratical craft in check, and left the metropolis open to be captured, damaged, or overawed by some heavy squadron. A hostile force in possession of Hobson's Bay for a day could burn and destroy more shipping than the same vessels cruising about could hope to destroy in a twelvemonth. Admiral TRYON himself is emphatic enough upon this point. The gallant officer is not always correct in expression, but his meaning is happily sufficiently clear. " The power of an enemy to avoid " notice," he says, is much greater in 1886 than it was in the early part of the century. We should say that the power of squadrons to avoid notice was much less in modern than in the old days, in consequence of the discovery of the electric telegraph and the spread of commercial agencies. For instance, the enormous Toulon expedition of 1798 could scarcely proceed to Egypt in these days, capturing Malta on its way, with a NELSON scouring the seas, perplexed as to its destination. But the context shows that what the Admiral means is that the power of a hostile fleet to dodge its foe-to escape from a blockade-to effect a ? coup-is far greater now than it was before. As he says,, winds, currents, and tides no longer restrict the movements of a fleet. Vessels with you on a Monday are 1,000 miles away on a Friday, and vice versa. Blockades are not reliable-and indeed seamen are beginning to question whether the enormous development of the aggressive torpedo will not render any continuous blockade of an important port impossible. Only a constant watchfulness could save the ships from a determined, vigorous foe, and the incessant strain and peril would tend to demoralise the crews. Such is the fear. Hostile fleets escaped from the blockaded ports in the days of RODNEY-, DUNCAN, and NELSON, and with the balance of advantages on their side we must assume that such escapes would occur again. And, as the Admiral judiciously remarks, places of great wealth and " importance, if not protected, provoke " such enterprise on the part of an " enemy." Again, Admiral TRYON writes : (this is possible that an attack " may be delivered by a small " squadron of ironclads of a type that does not entitle them to a place " in the first rank they would be very " formidable if employed to attack our " colonies. -And still more possible, a " hostile squadron might contain " vessels of the fast partially armoured " class that "are now much in fashion, " and the construction of them is on " the increase. ~' It is well to consider " what such a squadron could do, sup " posing it had arrived off our coast, " having avoided detection-the admiral in command, deceived by false reports, " gone to New Zealand, with the tele " graphs cut. The Admiral's com- ment is-and it is the true one that we must call local defences into existence, and thus render a coup so improbable of success that no one would contemplate the undertaking. The summing up of Admiral TRYON can scarcely be improved upon. -" If our local defences " are in a satisfactory condition, a .' heavy squadron would have no mission " in these waters. The cost would be " great, the maintenance difficult, and, " in time, it would be overtaken." Thus we have Admiral TRYON with us in asserting that harbour defence is our first task-our primary duty. He is one of the authorities for the statement which we have made before, that the idea is a delusion that we can save for the purposes of an outlay on cruisers by cutting down the defence vote. The case for the cruisers must rest upon its own merits and they are very great. There is an urgent call for some arrangement which would tend to check sea wolves from preying upon the commercial flock, but the Minister of Defence is right in the view he is evidently acting upon, that half-a-dozen fast unarmoured sloops of war, cruising no one could tell where, would not deny Melbourne to an enemy, and therefore would not allay the national anxiety. If we depended upon a fleet which, a good ironclad would knock to pieces-and which would be tolerably sure to be somewhere else when wanted-we should be as un- defended as ever, and scares would be as frequent here as ever, and naturally so. Thus, while Victoria should be willing to fall into any arrangement for the better protection of commerce on the high seas, the taxpayers must regard this contribution as an extra, and not as relieving us from the necessity of guarding our shores. The dispute between the New Zealand Government and the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company has at length reached a crisis that threatens to paralyse all traffic. In accordance with the notice that has been given for some months, the cable rate to New Zealand is now raised to ten shillings for a message of ten words, and Sir JULIUS VOGEL has retaliated by imposing a terminal charge of four shillings on every such message, and of fivepence on every additional word. The total cost of a telegram, therefore, will amount to the absurd sum of sixteen shillings and sixpence for ten words, and one shilling and eightpence for every Word in addition. But in this wholesale augmentation of the rates, the whole loss must evidently fall upon that portion of the public whose business compels them to use the cable. The struggle between the Government and the company is like a species of irregular warfare, in which the sole damage is inflicted upon innocent people, who have a right to expect that their interests will be regarded. It is obvious that the combatants will harass the business community more than they will harm each other. Because Sir JULIUS or.E. will neither contribute a subsidy not consent to arbitration, the expense of telegraphing is increased and then, because the charges are raised, the New Zealand Treasurer, by a perfectly unique piece of reasoning, burdens the public with a further im- post. Thus Australians must either Mr rain fron> sending telegrams, or they will be unnecessarily mulcted, not to punish the company, but to gratify a whim on the part of Sir JULIUS VOGEL. The result will be that the trains will decrease, and that a large number of people both in these colonies and in New Zealand will be subjected. to needless annoyance. The present week is the most inconvenient season in which the high rates could come into force. It will, however, exemplify most strikingly the annoyance that will ensue until Sir JULIUS VOGEL is willing to discuss the matter or is deprived of his present position in the conduct of affairs. in carrying on the strife there are several courses' open to the New Zealand Government, all of which involve considerable expense to the country, without any reasonable prospect of immediate gain. The terminal charges, to which resort is already had can only tend to destroy the traffic. They are in the nature of a fine inflicted upon the colonies rather than on the company. For even if the latter were forced to close the . cable for a time, their loss would be small when compared with that entailed on merchants and the general public. If Sir JULIUS VOGEL had wished to isolate New Zealand, to weaken its connexion with Australia, and render it remote and insular, he could hardly have found a more effective method. It would have been less harassing to test the legality of the company's action, on which there is some difference of opinion. The New Zealand Government deny their right to raise the charges under any circumstances, and if this question were put to the issue, the difficulty would be partly cleared away. But a law suit would be costly, protracted, and uncertain, since Mr. PENDER has been acting under the best legal advice and if the case went against her New Zealand would both lose money and win an unenviable reputation. The third ex- pedient that of laying an opposition cable-is also surrounded with disadvantages. If a new Pacific line were constructed, a large subsidy would be required for its maintenance, and then the new company would have difficulty in competing against the present dupli- cated cable. Mr. PENDER absolutely promises for the same subsidy to furnish a much cheaper and more . effective service than could be provided by a rival company with only one cable. It would be better, therefore, to hold him at his word, and arrange for cheap messages until the increase of traffic or reasons of strategy warrant the laying of another cable. There will be difficulty in acquitting Sir JULIUS VOGEL of the principal share of blame in the present deadlock. It is true that the New Zealand Parliament offered to continue the subsidy for five years, and that the company demanded a longer term. Still Sir JULIUS VOGEL has arbitrarily declined to implement the proposal when the chairman of the company professes his willingness to accept it. What he now suggests is, that " the " present rates on ordinary mos " Wages remain as things are now, " that the rates on press messages " should be reduced to 3d. a word on " the press guaranteeing to supply a " revenue equal to the average of press " payments during the last three years, " and that the Government undertake " to give 12 months' notice before any " new cable is opened." In this there is practically no contract. The press is made to take care of itself, and ordinary messages are left at a high tariff, in order that the Government may escape from the subsidy and be free to plunge into the expense of construction. Nothing is proposed in the public interest. Were the subsidy continued, a general reduction would follow, to the advantage of all the colonies, but at present Australia is made to pay for the New Zealand Treasurer's humours and caprices. He is acting in direct opposition both to Victoria and to New South Wales. The Postmaster-General of the latter colony advised him to take the sensible and politic course of gain- ing a reduction in the tariff, and leaving the question of competition to the future. The Victorian authorities cling to the broad principle, that the colonies should unite in paying a subsidy that would enable the rates for European cable messages to be substantially reduced. Sir JULIUS VOGEL, however, refuses to hear either of subsidies or reductions, in any shape. He (louts an idle scheme not only against the company, but against the wants and wishes of the two most populous colonies. He declines advice, rejects arbitration, and follows an isolated policy that will annoy both Australia and New Zealand. The high rates are a direct tax upon the public which might easily have been avoided. But as Victoria pays liberally for communication with Europe, and as she is interested in maintaining a complete intercolonial system, the matter cannot be allowed to rest, if Sir JULIUS VOGEL stands out against the other colonies, he will have himself to blame for any retaliatory measures that they may be obliged to adopt. The arrangement which the Victorian Government has made with REUTER deserves it little attention. Mention was made of it by Mr. GILLES in the Assembly last week. The Government supply the Agent-General with particulars of public events, of trade prices, and of harvest prospects, and they send these messages through REUTER. The gain is twofold. PresS rates are paid, and thus money is saved, and the message go not only to the Agent-General, but also to the London and provincial newspapers which use REUTER'S agency and nearly all do so. Mr. M'lNTYitn, Mr. COPPIN, and other colonists who have visited England are vexed to see so little about Victoria in the public press, but it would appear they would see still less when they are at home were it not for this arrangement. The foreign news which the papers collect for themselves, and which they pay heavily for, is, of course, confined very much to items of a sensational character. A catastrophe horse, or a champion row- ing match, or even a great crime, might stand a chance of being reported upon its merits by telegram, but not our ordinary social and political events. Thus, particulars of the Tarawera con- vulsion, and the disappearance of the " terraces" went home, but for records of ordinary peaceful progress in Victoria the English papers are content to wait for the papers by the mail or for their correspondents' letters-and The Times, for instance, has most valuable Australian correspondence. But Australians in England want daily telegrams to appear, and it must do the colony no harm to be mentioned occasionally in this way. Under the circumstances the arrangement to send the Agent Geneial's,messagc3 through a press agency is an excellent one. Mr. SERVICE said it when he was last in office. At the same time the system is evidently open to abuse. To take one instance the citizens and the politicians supporting the Legislative Council in the last reform struggle would by no means have been content that the English public should be informed of what was going on here through the agency of telegrams professedly emanating from Ri'UMR, but in reality prepared and paid for by the aggressive Government of the day. The I historical account would have been a very one-sided account indeed. The taxpayers' money would have been improperly applied. And some such situation may occur again. It is' evident that a, check is needed. In the first place, the' rule' should be that these messages should as far as possible be non political. - In the next place, it might be as well if the messages sent through REUTER were also handed to the local press, so that, if disapproved of, they could be challenged, and refused, and possibly stopped. In Albert Ward the gas question has been fairly raised by the now candidate, Mr.- A. TUCKETT. If that gentleman goes into the City Council, it will be as an advocate of the purchase of the Gas Company's works. Thus Councillor SHAW, the retiring representative, is challenged to put his views before the ? ratepayers, and the electors in other wards would do well to question candidates upon the subject also. The act empowers the council to purchase on terms that would yield an enormous profit to the buyers on terms which the company would assuredly not voluntarily concede to private buyers and the question is, should that right be exercised by the corporation ¡ Where purchasing corporations in Great Britain pay £2, our local bodies would have to pay £1 only. But every year makes the bargain more costly, for the company's profits increase, and the purchase must be made upon a profits' basis. The reports of the share market have a monotonous Uno, Metropolitan Gas " realised their highest yet," or, if there is a variation, it is Metropolitan Gas " showed a further advance." The corporation could have purchased when the profits caused the shares to stand at £8, and now the market quotation is sales at £12 8s. The statutory price appears to be rising consequent upon the success of the company at the rate of £100,000 per annum. If the corporation is to purchase, therefore, the sooner the better. But profit is perhaps a secondary consideration in comparison with the security and the comfort which the ratepayer would hope to enjoy. Rightly or wrongly, the private company is exposed to suspicion. Nearly every consumer has a tale to tell how, as prices go down, so the house bill goes up. Ex- planations are offered and theories are put forward, but so far as the citizen is concerned the mystery remains. From the company's standpoint, each meter is a George Washington, inasmuch as it cannot be. But the householder looks upon itfcrecords as akin to that of a politician of to-day, whose averments are to be taken for what they are worth. What is wanted is confidence, and far the simplest way of restoring confidence in gas is to follow the English example of the ownership of the local gasworks by the citizens. Mr. WA-KEII'S presence at the Custom- house may be regarded as good for the colony. Though he strayed a little recently in appointing an auctioneer to' sell smuggled watches, he has in most other respects done well, and may be counted one of the successes of the now; men called to the Government early this year. His department was not in a very satisfactory state then, but it is gradually' being brought into working order,' defects as they appear, being repaired in the public interest. One that remains to be dealt with is in connexion with the pilot service, about which a good deal has been written and said since the Olanense found her destination to be the Point Lonsdale rocks instead of the Melbourne wharves. Everyone who knows the importance of efficiency among pilots from a life and property saving point of view, must have been dissatisfied with the decision of the Pilot Board in the case, and will agree with the Chamber of Commerce deputation which waited on Mr. WA_K_B on Wednesday, that the whole system requires to be re- modelled. And they will approve of the course the Commissioner of Customs proposes to follow in appointing an independent board to investigate the working of the service Such aboard is much needed, for the effete institution which now deals with complaints against pilots seems to devote more time to trying to draft a mild judgment which will harm no one than to giving straight verdicts on the issues submitted to them. The inquiry board, it is true, cannot supplant the Pilot Board proper. Amended legislation only can do that, but in the meantime a close investigation into the methods of pilots, the relations between the service and the board, and into the usefulness of the board as at present constituted, will facilitate a permanent re-arrangement. A Marine Board Bill, so framed as to place all judicial functions in connexion with navigation in safe hands, has been draughted for at least two years, and is in type, and it is not to the credit of the Government that it introduction into the Legislature has been so long delayed. But before this bill can become law, other vessels may follow the Glaneuse on to the rocks, the pilots will continue to be dilatory in boarding vessels, and the board will go on indulging in equivocal findings. The Minister should therefore hasten the inquiry, and make such alterations as he has power at present to do by regulation as will make the service more efficient. The sÎ.M.S S. Cuzco, of the Orient Line, from London, with mails to September 24, arrived yesterday afternoon. She had a full complement of passengers in all classes. Amongst them were the English cricketers, who broke their voyage at Adelaide in order to enter on their cricketing campaign at once. The Cuzco was laid up for two months in London, and several improvements were effected in the steamer during that time. J A joint message from the Governors of the Australian colonies has been forwarded to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, Mr. Stanhope, requesting information as to the steps proposed to be taken by the Admiralty with a view to strengthen the defence of the naval stations in these colonies in the event of an outbreak of hostilities involving England in warfare. The Governments of Australia and the Admiralty are agreed as to the necessity of augmenting the permanent naval forces in Australian waters, but there is a difference of opinion as to the apportionment of the cost, and even on that being satisfactorily adjusted, a considerable time, probably 18 months or two years, must elapse before the new war vessel- which it is advisable to obtain could be constructed, equipped, and sent out for service. In the mean- time, in view of the threatening aspect of affairs on the continent, it is deemed urgently desirable to strengthen the naval squadron on the Australian station for the protection of merchant shipping in colonial waters, and the joint communication from their Excellencies the Governors was regarded as the most likely means of bringing the matter to a prompt and satisfactory issue. It had been proposed to take advantage of the presence of the Governors of New South Wales, South Australia, and Tasmania, and Admiral Tryon, in this colony during the Cup festival to hold a conference on the question of the Australian defences, but when it transpired that the Premiers of the other I colonies could not make it convenient to journey to Melbourne at the present time, the idea was reluctantly abandoned. Such opportunity as may be afforded for an inter- change of opinions on the subject will, however, not be allowed to pass. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Loch have, at the invitation of the Sandhurst City Council, intimated their intention of being present at the opening of the Juvenile and Industrial Exhibition in Sandhurst, on the 17th year On Wednesday, His Excellency Lord Carrington will be entertained at luncheon by the members of the Masonic Club, in their new premises, Collins-street east, which have lately been completed. Rear-Admiral Tryon, who is now in Melbourne, states that the cable measure published in The Argus on Saturday was the first intimation he had of any intention on the party of the Admiralty to recall now.-, Nelson from the Australian station. The recall, he considers, cannot have been determined upon for the reason assigned, as the Nelson has been and can be docked at ports in the Australian station. She may be summoned home to undergo repairs in the ordinary way, and in this there would be nothing unusual. The Northampton, by which it is stated that the Nelson will probably be replaced, is a sister ship to the Nelson, and belong to the First Reserve. She is a double screw iron armour-plated vessel of 7000 tons, and 0,070 horse power, and is at present on coastguard service in Southampton water. Twelve months must elapse before the transfer can take place, and an official notification of it will be received in due course. Parliamentary work will be confined this week to the Legislative Assembly, the Council standing adjourned to Wednesday week, the 10th inst, when the consideration of the Irrigation Bill is to be resumed in committee. The Assembly will inaugurate the new arrangement as to the earlier hour of meeting this week. Business will be. commenced at 2 o'clock on Wednesday. The first Government business taken this Week after the resolutions passed in committee of supply have been reported-will be the Impounding Act Amendment Bill, which, at the desire of the farming and pastoral interests, is to be treated a measure of urgency, with the object of bringing it into operation in time to save the present season's grass on the reserves, commons, and stock routes from illegal consumption by travelling stock. Mr. Dow, the Minister of Lands and Agriculture, will have charge of the bill, which proposes to raise the impounding line from 4d. to 1d. per head, and to require stock to be travelled at least six r_ile3 daily. Each drover will have to obtain a permit, at a charge of Is., from a registrar of travelling stock-who will be either a stock inspector or a police sergeant - specify- ing the number of head of stock, their destination, the route he intends to take, and the date of intended departure. Any police officer may demand the production of the permit, in order to see whether the law has been complied with. When the Impounding Bill has been dealt with the House will be asked to go into committee for the further consideration of the estimates, which will probably occupy the whole of the time at the disposal of the Government this week. If opportunity for further business be presented, Mr. Gillies will move the second reading of the Local Government Act Amend- ment Bill, which was postponed from last week to give the municipalities throughout the colony an opportunity of studying the measure, and copies of the bill have been circulated amongst them through the medium of the Municipal Association. The Derby Day of the spring meeting of the Victoria Racing Club was very successful. Upwards of 30,000 people visited the Flemington course and shared the enjoyment of the excellent weather, the almost perfect arrangements for their comfort, and as good racing as one could wish to see.' - Their Excellencies, the Governors i of., Victoria, , few South Wales, South Australia, and Tasmania, and. Lady Loch and Lady Carrington were present during the greater part of the afternoon. The new Maribyrnong stand was not patronised, because there was ample seating accommodation in the lower and upper grand stands for all the visitors to the high-priced quarter of the course. The XXIII stand was always well-filled. No accident or unpleasantness of any kind occurred, and the railway arrangements were very well carried out. A feature in the experiences of the day was the running of the tramcars in the city. They followed each other at two minute inter vain during the busy hours before 2 o'clock and after 5, and were largely patronised by passengers who went from the city to the course by rail. The racing on Saturday commenced with the Melbourne Stakes, in popular estimation one of the most interesting events of the meeting. In a field of ten horses, Isonomy was favourite, but Boolka ran in something like his best form, and the judge was unable to separate the two, Bravo finishing next to them. In the tun oil' Isonomy won. Hexham was favourite in a field of 12 for the Hotham Handicap, but the race was won with almost ridiculous ease by Claptrap, the favourite being second,, and Lancer third., First Prince, who was pretty freely backed, fell' early in the race. All the probable Starters, 18 in number, saddled for the Maribyrnong Plate, Mr. White's filly Lava being a strong favourite. Hortense, winner of the Great Foal Stakes. at Caulfield, round her penalty no great inconvenience, and she won in fine style, Huntingtower being second, and Bedouin third. There were seven starters for the Derby, Trident continuing a firm favourite. Volcano made a pace for him, but Chesham was going so well as the horses entered on the last half- mile that it seemed that the favourite would suffer defeat Trident, although galloping sluggishly at first, responded gamely to his rider's final calls, and wearing down Chesham, who tired at the finish, won by a couple of lengths, with Again a bad third.. for the first time the winner was decorated with the blue ribbon alter the race and led along the lawn. For the Selling Race The Ghost was favourite, but Huron beat him' easily, and the owner of the horse had to pay £230 to get him back, the whole amount going to the club. For the Coburg Stakes The Nun was freely backed, but a light-weighted outsider in Daystar won, the other places being filled by St. John and Hogmanay. The system of sending results of important races at Flemington and Caulfield to the telegraph offices in the country, from which the information can be disseminated to as many persons as desire it, has been found to work very satisfactorily. By this plan one message from the course is made to do the service of hundreds which had to be sent in past years. On Saturday applications for the results were lodged at 200 provincial stations, from which over 900 messages were distributed. The result of this arrangement was that the wires were not occupied for any length of time with race messages. By special arrangement with the Eastern Extension Company the cable to Wellington was kept clear, so that within 20 seconds after Trident had passed the post in the Derby race the news of his victory was publicly announced in New Zealand. The news was also transmitted instantly to Sydney, Adelaide, and Brisbane. The new telegraph office provided by Mr. H. Byron. Moore, near the jockey's stand, was of great use in enabling the business to be centralised and dealt with more expeditiously than would otherwise have been the case. The department had a staff of 37 officers on the ground, under the control of Mr. W. Andrews, Mr. J. A. Barry, and H. J. Edgar. To-morrow will be observed as a general public holiday in Melbourne, and the customary arrangements will be made by the Post-office and Telegraph department. All post-offices will be closed to the public at 10 a.m., and only the first delivery by letter carrier will be effected. All country mails will be despatched and received as usual, but only the first mails in the morning will be sent from the General Post-office to suburban offices. From those offices only the mails despatched before noon and in the evening will be forwarded to Melbourne. The receiving pillars will be cleared, so that their contents may be enclosed in these mails. No money order or savings bank business will be transacted. The telegraph offices will be open to the public as usual. Telegrams giving the names of the first, second, and third horses in any race to be run at Flemington will be supplied from any telegraph office in Victoria during ordinary office hours. Sixpence will be charged for each telegram, which will be delivered as soon as possible after the race is run. Special trains will leave Sandhurst for Melbourne to-day at 0.40 a.m., 11.50 a.m., and 3 and 7 am., and to-morrow morning at 0.40 a.m. With the exception of the 3 o'clock one these trains will stop only at Castlemaine, Kyneton, Woodend, and Sunbury. From Ballarat extra trains will be despatched to-day at 11.20 a.m. and 7 p.m., and to-morrow morning at 625 am. Intending visitors to the Flemington Race- course to-morrow who are likely to travel by rail will be able to avoid the Cup Day struggle for railway tickets by purchasing them to-day. It will be seen by the announcements as to the railway arrangements that tickets will be obtainable any time to-day at the Flinders-street, Spencer-street, and Prince's-bridge stations. The French mail steamer Salazie, from Marseilles, and the German mail steamer He ben8taufen, from Bremen, arrived on Saturday with mails, passengers, and cargo. The Salazie resumed her voyage on Saturday night, and the Hohenstaufen will leave to day. U.M. iron armour-plated ship Nelson will be taken into the Alfred Graving Dock this morning. H.M.S. Rapid, which has come out to the Australian station, passed Wilson's Promontory yesterday afternoon, bound to Sydney. Captain D. James, of the barque Royal Alfred, which has arrived from New York, mentions that when he left there it was stated seriously at the Bureau of Navigation that the leading lights at Queenscliff, the entrance to Port Phillip Heads, were extinguished at night, and that no vessel was allowed to enter between sunset and sunrise. It ft us also given forth with equal gravity in the Gallie, or paper in connexion with the bureau, that the pilots did not go outside, but boarded all vessels inside. On arrival here, however, Captain Jur_e3 found these statements altogether at variance with fact, having evidently been based on the temporary precautions taken some time ago, when war between Great Britain and Russia was feared. The captain of this vessel attributes a delay of four days off the Heads to this misleading information. During the gales of last week the ship was blown past the Heads, and had to work back again, but had he known that there was clear entrance day and night, and pilots available outside, he would have arranged differently, and would have got in three days sooner than he did. He feels annoyed that the bureau did not afford more reliable information with regard to a port such as this. The Central Board of Health received a telegram on Saturday from the Beaufort Local Board of Health, stating that Dr. Nolan had reported the occurrence of cases of diphtheria in four families at Raglan, and suggested that the local state school should be closed. The secretary of the central board telegraphed to say that if the medical officer of the local board considered it desirable, after investigation of the case, to close the state school at Raglan in the interests of public health, steps would be at once taken to have the school closed for as long a period as might be deemed necessary. The nominations for councillors to fill the annual vacancies in the City Council close this afternoon, at 4 o'clock. Contests are likely to take place in at least four of the seven wards. In the Albert Ward, Councillor Shaw is opposed by Sir. A. H. Tuckett, of Messrs. Gemmell, Tuckett, and Co. In Smith Ward, Councillor Leonard line as his opponent Mr. J. J." Brenan. The retiring councillor for Victoria Ward, Mr." Mills. is opposed by Mr. W. H. Lewis ; whilst in the Gipps Ward Councillor Anderson has two opponents; viz., Mr. J. T. Buxton and Mr. Philip Blashki. The other retiring council lots are- Councillor Chas. Smith, M.L.A., for Latrobe Ward ; Councillor Bowen, for Bourke Ward and Councillor Carter, M.L.A., for Lonsdale Ward. ' A poll was taken on Saturday at Brighton for the election of a member for the North Ward of the Brighton Borough Council, caused by the resignation of Mr. W. Lynch. Mr. David Munro, contractor, and Mr. Thomas Wilson, an ex- councillor, were the candidates. A great deal of interest was taken in the election, and nearly every available vote was polled. Mr. Wilson was a member of the late vigilance committee, which brought serious charges against the council of' misappropriating the funds of the last loan, and he was also opposed to the extension of the lease of the Elsternwick-park to the Victorian Trotting Club. Mr. Munro up- held the action of the council, and is in favour of the trotting club's lease being continued till 1891, leaving a further extension to be dealt with by the council who may then be in power. These two important questions aroused the supporters of both sides to action, with the result that the poll was the largest ever taken in the ward. The result was that Mr. Munro Dolled 250 and Mr. Wilson ICO votes, giving the former a a majority of 90. On the mayor announcing the result to the assemblage, it was received with loud cheering. Both candidates thanked the electors, and a vote of thanks to the returning officer closed the proceedings. Fairly satisfactory progresses now being made with the various tramway lines in course of construction in Melbourne and the suburbs. The next to be opened will be the Victoria-street (Simpson's-road) line, which will be ready for use as soon as the extensive drainage works in progress along portions of its route shall have been completed in a few weeks. Large sections of the Carlton line and of that along Nicholson-street to North Fitzroy are now complete, and the same may be said of the Nicholson-street, Smith-street north, and Heidelberg-road sections of the Collingwood and Clifton-hill tramway. The whole of Gertrude-street is now in the hands of the workmen laying this line in While the engine-house at the corner of Nicholson-street and Gertrude-street is being built. On the Brunswick route work is being vigorously carried on, and is well advanced. Further afield, substantial progress has been made with the line in Riversdale-road, Hawthorn. This is to be a horse tramway, and consists of a single set of rails laid on ordinary wooden sleepers. The rails are already laid in Rivers dale-road for a considerable distance. Parliamentary authority is now being sought for the extension of this tram line to Camber- well. As to the Kew line, a tender for its construction has been accepted, and work will be speedily commenced. This tramway will be connected with the Victoria-street route, crossing the Yarra at the bridge between that street and Barker's-road. A large number of important thoroughfares, or portions of them, which have never been provided with regular communication by omnibus or cab for any length of time, will within a few months have been supplied in this respect by the tramways now in course of construction. Flinders-street west, Bourke street west, Collins-street east, Gisborne street, Russell-street south, Nicholson-street north, Burwood-road west, Power-street south, and Riversdale- road, Hawthorn, and Barker's-road west, Kew, all come within this be delivered to-day at 10 o'clock. The telegram sent home by Mr. Gillies giving the principal statements of the Rev. D. Macdonald concerning the proceedings of the French in the New Hebrides has received considerable attention from the French press. The Journal des Debats of September 19 publishes the following leader, a translation of which is forwarded to us by a Paris correspondent:-"Cer- tain newspapers on the other side of the English Channel, and on this side too, are taking a great deal of trouble to make a big thing out of the small affair of the New Hebrides. The day before yesterday the English press opened its columns to a long telegram from Melbourne entirely devoted to depicting the alarms and retracing the grievances of Mr. Macdonald, a Presbyterian missionary. Mr. Macdonald, a minister of peace, invites the armed intervention of the English fleet to oppose the perfidious designs of France. The London papers share his emotion. One of them, the Daily; Telegraph, devotes a long leader to the question. Some of our Parisian contemporaries, it must be admitted, have been ill-advised enough to supply a prote\ for the attacks and suspicion of the English press. They have demanded the annexation of the New Hebrides. They have called upon the French Government to tear, purely and simply, the convention of 1878. That was bad advice ; we rely on its not being followed. France, like England, is pledged not to take the New Hebrides. Such a pledge would have no sense if it permitted one or other of the parties to disengage him I self at any moment, by an act of his own will. We demand that other and much graver obligations contracted towards us and towards Europe shall be respected ; our duty, as well as our interest, is to set the example of good faith. But if we have no right to conquer the New Hebrides, we have the right to defend our countrymen there. That is what we are doing at the present time. No diplomatic arrangement forbids Frenchmen to become landowners or traders in the archipelago. If the French who have settled in the New Hebrides are the objects of violence on the part of the native population, no diplomatic arrangement prevents, or can prevent the Government from protecting them, from making their property and persons respected, from taking efficacious measures to prevent the renewal of similar acts. That is a point about which no serious dispute can be raised. Other difficulties may crop up. In those regions where property deeds are often uncertain, it is possible that French and English may quarrel about the possession of this or that piece of land. That is what is going on just now, we are told, in the New Hebrides. In Europe that would be a question to be submitted to the courts of law. In Oceania we do not see clearly before what judge the suit could be taken, and it is natural enough that diplomacy should interfere to regulate, if possible, the difference either by commissioners, or in some other way. But the affair none the less keeps its character, that of a mere affair of private right. There is no motive for getting heated over this subject, for envenoming, by passionate recriminations, a question so simple, and for mixing up the national honour with a dispute to which it is foreign." The India jxndence Beige, adds our Paris correspondent, devotes its first column to a summary of the Rev. D. Macdonald, complaints and to a statement of the position of the question, but without expressing an opinion either way. ' The Prince of Wales has definitely decided (writes our London correspondent) that he cannot entertain the invitation of the Australian Governments to visit the colonies next year on the occasion of the opening of the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition. At the same time, His Royal Highness seems pleased at the kind way in which the invitation has been pressed upon him. He has informed the Governors of the colonies concerned that had it been possible he would have experienced very great pleasure in accepting. He expresses regret that during next year, more than in any other year, it will be most difficult for him to absent himself from England during the summer owing to the celebration of the Queen's Jubilee. The language employed has suggested the idea that the Prince means to imply that he might possibly accept an invitation to visit Australia on the occasion of the centennial celebration of New South Wales. If he left England at the close of of next November he would be in time for the centennial festivities in Sydney. This, however, is mere conjecture, but the same idea has occurred to several colonists. English and German exhibitors are coming forward freely for space at the Adelaide Exhibition. Already over 12,000ft. of space have been paid for. The Imperial Government have decided to grant £3,000 for the purposes of the Royal commission, which has been finally constituted. The commission will consist of the Duke of Cambridge, president ; Right Hon. E. Stanhope, Duke of Manchester, Marquis of Normanby, Earl of Carnavon, Earl of Dunraven, Earl Granville, Earl of Rosebery, Viscount Cross, Lord Thring, Sir James Fergusson, Sir John Gilbert, Sir Henry Holland, Sir Joseph Hooker, Sir Frederick Leighton, Sir John Linton, Sir P. Cunliffe Owen, Sir Robert Owen, Hon. C. Fremantle, and Colonel Donnelly. It was expected that the Earl of Kimberley and Sir John Rose would have acted also Sir Herbert Sandford will act as British Representative Commissioner, and will visit Adelaide as he did Sydney and Melbourne. The Melbourne correspondent of The Times has given a compendious narrative" of the way in which the interests of Australian vignerons and wine-makers have been miserably disregarded at South Kensington, writes our London correspondent. It is expected that Sir Philip Cunliffe Owen will experience an uncomfortable quarter of an hour when he seeks to convince the Prince of Wales that he has kept faith with the wine producing interests of Australia. Messrs. P. B. Burgoyne and Co., who must be benefiting greatly by the gratuitous advertisements they are receiving on all sides, have written to The Times to express their cordial agreement with its correspondent's strictures upon the Royal commission in not providing facilities for the free public sampling of colonial wines, and at the same time to deny that they had paid Spiers and Pond £500 to supply their Australian wines to the exclusion of all others in their dining rooms and refreshment bars at the Exhibition. The firm assert that all they paid for was to have their wines advertised by Spiers and Pond in their lists, and to have their show cards exhibited on the walls of the diningrooms. Avropoi of Australian wines, "An Expert who Studies and Thinks" has been express- ing in Fairplay his opinion on the Victorian wine growers, complaints in very plain spoken language. He denies that the refreshment contracts interfered with the facilities required for the introduction of Australian wines to the British public, and declares that the only persons who are to blame are the colonial vignerons themselves. He blames the growers for not properly utilising "The Royal Commission Colonial Wine room," and there is no doubt proper steps have not been taken to popularise this resort in preference to the general drink- ing bar adjoining the Victorian court. "An Expert " believes that the vignerons want " a good deal of technical education before their wines are fit to look at, much less to drink." This is very severe, but report states that Mr. Bosisto, after his visit to Spain, Portugal, and France is inclining to a somewhat similar opinion. The expert accuses the growers of having sent over to England " higgledy-piggledy " wines of all sorts, colours and characters, which were placed in shockingly bad cellars at the Albert hall, and shown even to sisters in such a blundering and unintelligent manner as to render the difficult and delicate process of testing practically useless. He blames the colonists for not constructing a monster sample room where the market would have been able to educate itself, before any appeal was made to the retail trade and the public. The open-air concerts in the Zoological gar- dens will be resumed on Friday afternoon next The musical programme, which will be of a light and popular character, will be entrusted to Mr. Julius Siede, who will have a military orchestra of 25 performers under his baton. There will be no races on Friday, and visitors to Melbourne will be able to spend a pleasant afternoon on an " off-day" at one of these entertainments, which is likely to be the most popular of the attractions of Cup week. The expectation that " Human Nature" would prove a great attraction at the Theatre Royal isbeingmore than realised. On Saturday evening there was another large attendance, every part of the theatre being occupied. The two chief spectacles of the drama, the battle in the Soudan and the reception of troops in Trafalgar-square, were received with tumultuous applause, and some of the minor scenes, particularly those in Hawkins' chambers, were received with much enthusiasm. The same programme is to be retained at this theatre for some time. The amusing comedy of "Turned Up" continues to attract immense houses at the Opera-house. There was a great audience on Saturday night, and the applause was frequent and hearty. The last nights of this comedy are now announced. On Thursday night His Excellency the Governor and Lord Carrington, Sir William Robinson, and Sir George Strahan will witness the performance of it. A new programme was given at the St George's Hall on Saturday evening by the Federal Minstrels and the Raynor Brothers, and the large audience which attended manifested the liveliest satisfaction with it. The Raynor Brothers proved unusually] diverting in their grotesque musical and ] other sketches, and amused the audience so much that the performers were several times recalled A sketch by Mr W Horace Bent was well received, and the entertainment was brought to a close by a burlesque, in which the clever performances at the Japanese Village were comically travestied Mr F M Clark's company entered on the 26th week of their highly successful season at the Victoria hall on Saturday evening, and as usual there was a good attendance. The programme included many of the numbers which have become exceedingly popular with the visitors to the ball, in addition to several that are calculated to make the Cup week entertainment specially appropriate Among these may he mentioned the comic medley, "The Cup, which was presented with much spirit by Mr Clark The Japanese Village was well attended on Saturday. Several novelties are being introduced, including a new sensational leap Two persons are now on exhibition every afternoon at St George's Hall who are likely to attract many visitors, as they are undoubtedly extraordinary beings They are a male midget and a Circassian youth, who has a head of frizzled white hair, about 4ft in circumference. The Circassian, who speaks English as well as one born man English speaking community, is a young fellow, 10 years of age, and as he is about 5ft 4in in height, the mop of hair he carries gives him a most singular appearance On the other hand, the midget is only 20in high, and weighs but 191b Bom in New Zealand, he is 15 years of age, and is exceedingly well formed 'the little fellow recites and dances in an interesting manner, and exhibits remarkable flexibility in his limbs, his manager being apparently able to twist him about at pleasure 'The Melbourne Liedertafel, conducted by Mr Julius Siede, repeated on Saturday night, in the Town-hall their performance of Dvorak's magnificent musical work, "The Spectre s Bride, the composition of which was described at length in The Argus of last tuesday The thanks of the society, and the musical public generally, are due to Mr John Law, the honorary treasurer of the Melbourne Liedertafel, to whose good taste in selection and generosity in presenting the full score and full parts of the work, are owing the delightful performances now recorded The hall was not nearly so well attended on Saturday night as on the previous Monday night It is to be hoped that the praiseworthy experiment of giving the general public a chance to hear a new work of the highest order of merit has not resulted in loss In any case the society has earned honour in attacking and interpreting with success a work of such magnitude and power The second performance was even finer than the first, the improvement being noticeable principally in the orchestral work, in which fine finish was discernible in every part The same principals were engaged, namely, Madame Boema, Mr Robert Kennedy, and Mr r n Morton, a member of the Liedertafel Their share of the work deserves to be spoken of with unqualified praise, and the same may be said of the fine body of choristers In this second performance the influence of the conductor was fairly reflected in the satisfactory result attained Amongst the miscellaneous selections which followed the cantata special mention must be made of Madame Boema s grandly fervid rendering of the cavatina "Tacea le note," from "II Trovatore, which the audience admired so much that it had to be repeated On Saturday night Mr S Needham, who was first known here as interim conductor to the Metropolitan Liedertafel, gave the first of a series of Madrigal Concerts in the large hall of the Melbourne Athenaeum. Mr Needham" Madrigal Concerts are fixed to take place on the 2nd, 5th, 9th, and 13th of the present month, and are to be watched with interest by those who are musically inclined It is to be doubted whether the season chosen for the production of the first series is the best adapted to the purpose, but the experience gained will be valuable for future guidance in a distinct line of musical performances which is not likely to be abandoned An English Speaking audience should take kindly to madrigal concerts. In the School of Madrigal Composi- tion our country held high place at a time when scientific knowledge of music was limited to a comparative few, and was strictly guarded The selections presented on Saturday night were " My Bonnie Lass," J Morley (1612), "Down in a Flowery Vale," C Tests (1541), "My Dear Mistress," Spofforth, "How, Obi My tears,' Benet (1199), "Laughing Chorus,' Needham, "Sweet rowers," Walmisey, "Morning is Slowly Breaking," Needham, " Come let us all a Maying go " ( -Atterbury), " To the May pole Away "(1587), and chorus "Good Night" (Carruli) the grace and purity of these beautiful compositions were shown with thorough artist feeling by the ladies and gentlemen who, under Mr. Needham guidance, have given close study to them for some time past 'These were Miss Crowe, Miss Sara Lewis, Miss Thompson, and Miss Vera Goad, and Messrs A T Pallett, Jenkins, Forbes, Lloyd, and Wright Their voices are all of good quality and well balanced in power, and they sing with sympathetic and intelligent expression The madrigal, " crow Oh My Tears, may be quoted as an instance of a most attractive composition performed with perfect finish There were numerous encores Mrs Palmer, Miss Sara Lewis, Miss Vera Goad, Herr Himmer, and Mr A J Pallett contributed vocal solos in each case with fine voice and in good taste, and were honoured in many instances with hearty encores Herr Reimers played solos for the v violoncello-" Romance San Paroles, ' by Mendelssohn, and the gavotte Louis XIII, ' which we have described before They were in each instance charmingly played and warmly acknowledged. We have received from Messrs Stillwell and Co Bradshaw's Guide to Victoria for November In this number the extensive railway alterations which come into operation on the 3rd must have been carefully attended to All express trains are printed in bolder type, and the alterations in the times of closing the evening mails on the Sandhurst line are denoted A list of hotels, coffee palaces, and, is given, together with gardening notes for the month, a complete list of newspapers published in Victoria, and of the public institutions with their visiting days, and a return as to the Defence department, giving the tonnage and number of guns of the Victorian fleet i here is also a supplement showing all the post towns of New South Wales, The band of the Windsor Volunteer Fire Brigade played a selection of music at Brighton Beach yesterday afternoon, and took up a collection in aid of the hospitals, The amount collected was £23 18s, and 2s was added by some of the brigade, making the amount 124 Mr V H Dunstan's clearing sale of Jersey, Ayrshire, and Brittany cattle is advertised to take place to day at Dornncourt, near Braybrook Cabs will leave the Footscray railway station from 9 o'clock 'The Spanish and Columbian Festival at the Exhibition building is proving very successful The immense hall was crowded on Saturday evening. There must have be tween 7 000 and 8,000 persons present Bordoni s pageant, the discovery of America by Columbus, the tableaux vivants, and the well arranged procession of Red Indians, and the whole of the Spanish Court were well received fared s (great jun act was the sensational piece of the evening. The daring flight of the performer was loudly applauded The side entertainments also were well received The takings for the week were on the whole highly satisfactory An entertain- ing programme is announced for this even "V Messrs J Bellin and Co are now ceased to hold a sale to-day of properties at South and East Brighton and at Springvale Mr William Noble Gospel temperance evangelist, addressed on audience composed of ladies only at the Assembly hall!, Collins street, on Wednesday afternoon last More than 100 ladies were present Mr Noble delivered an address on the subject of Woman's Part in Gospel Temperance v York 