B ECHOBS O.FIMBLBOUUJNL., [BY THE GniosT.] ' .With the ikxceptioid 'of tilkintg,' ,ParliRa' ment has done nothing during thie weck. fl'ho unsettlid:statd of Continental Europe p seems to have itifested honourableo'mem- i hers, and nons"of the measures 'on the bi lotico. palpi?r have -bceon advanced in ;ray n degree towards their final stages. Accord- R ing to announcement, the Irrigation Bill tl and the estimates were to have eng4ged tl the' attention' 'f' thio l;opll's rtipresehta- tl tives on alternate evqnings.. But if"Gillies 10 ,prioipes,, the House' disposes, .anid the at "good intentions "'of the. Premier have tl gone 'to swell thi' amount of paving ci material with which, the proverb tells us, o0 a certain torridl' locality unmentionable in of polite society outside clerical circles .is' p laid down. Honourable gentlemen have oi availed themselves largely.of the Parlia-, mentary'privilege of movinrg the adjourn- ti ment of the House, in order to introduco e t all sorts of extranooies subjeat'. , The modt' ' inportldnt of these was unidoubtedly the do- qD fence ijuestion; and frlun a pe~usal of the It debte; it will be eas'y to' infer' tiat Vic- , tria is again about to becomU' tll'idtimn a of a .' lwer scare.'". The Governnmentlhas n announced 'its intdntion of strengthening; hi tihe armaments of the forts at the ]Ilads tl 'and in' Hobson's Bay, of keeping !thie torpedo boats .,in 'readiness ..for- insant t action', and ndt only " kdepingtldiilrposder ' dry," but laying' by a goodly 'store of "villainous,saltpetro" for future emergon-' ties. But why ii .the namo of common' sense should the calibre and range of all 'our gunsho b made public P?. There Id surely..:1 is pointibiyond which curiosity in regard to eome matters becomes' mre' impqrti- hi nonce, aniduiy' Government'would be fully' justiflled in withholding specifcll infor~ma tion, wwlich would certainily be most sbeful to an OenLiy, a'nd 'can be but'of very scant interest to the questionersi. At timtwis 2"gnerally at wrong timbes-tho Proeiier can lio curt anRd "hbmftious';" at other times his fear of giving offence to ' the Opposition' renders him too coltmhni cative. The Premier is assuredly, not "the 1 stillt; tronk mian"' that 'lioiild always be at tihe head of a Governlment. , i Once br'e ohas 'the Assembly.by a Irrg' g majority' iiss'd the bill for tlie amalmgn-, t tion of .the two branches of the legal proi fossion." By 47 to 13 the Lower Houio, as abolishliedthe line of demarcation between the barrister, and solicitor. The intention of the Assembly in taking this' course is to, "echeapen" the law.' The evidence bgven before tiSelect Committee' that' om-e time since enquired, into the matter, negatives. this view, and the leading practitioners in both branches' of the legal fold are averse to the 'change.' A petitio sigoiedby1 all the lairgo firms of solicitors in Melbotrei has been presented' to the Logis?llati'o and the Law Institute 'has also piadsdd ' resolution-against the innovation. T er is little doubt but that the duensurewill meet the fate of ito preddcessors when :before'thii Council; and be once'more re legiittsld to the' wiaste paper' basket., One suppobter "bf' thb bill-a llaivyor too urged as the' chief merit of' the measure, that itaooild ehsure clients b'eing. in future "robbed"by only one' man,, iistead of by two.", Bitt just:' s Mawwotlun liked to bo despised, so' appfrently do the 'grkveo, potent,: and 'reverend seignoirs of itho' Upper Cliamber like to be fleeced by blothl attorney and barrister-and s6to e bill will be again rejected. ' ' The fact'that an animal at tlhm annual show of:the Sheep Breoders' Association, now taking place in 'Melbourne-whiclh said sheep contains one of the newest strisinds of iniported blood-has been ad judged the first prize,' conclusively proves the folly of the action of the Governuient in ' refusing to allow the importatiol of stud sheep, and the mischief to the flocks of the colony caused .by the destruction of Mr. Harper's sheep. To attffirm in effect, as the Government does by 'its regulations, that the Australian, or rather the' Vic torian Merino is perfect, and not sus-, ceptible of. improvement by judicious crossing, is nonsensical. No Ministry don tamiing witlin 'its anks ia represestatien of the great pastoral interest would; be guilty of tile folly of allowing the 'flocks of the colony to deteriorate, as they niost 'undoubtedly will, if now 'strains of blood' are not from time to time available. 'The regulation of the vehidclae traffic in the streets of Melboerne has' beonibrought under 'the notice of Parliament by Mr. Patterson, who enquired whellther the Government would " import"' a 'numbe of London policemdln to instruct'their colotiial brethren' in the' art and mystory of' regu lating the street traiffie. Mr. Deakin istoo fervid a protectidnist'-excepting in' the matter of woollens-to lend his couneni anco to 'inysuch scheme. For indeclen dentlyof infringing'" the se'tled] polic. of the country," would not the importation .duty free-of thie lritish "bobby " be 'a reflection on "native talent," of which the Chief,'Seoretary 'is himself 'suel a' shining example '; : i; Pooh-Balh, the pluralist official whlmU Messrs. Gilbert and,Sullivan have imumor talised in the "tMikado," bids fair to be eclipsed by .the Victorian Promier ;;:In ad dition, to the portfolios of Treasurer' ind 'Minister of Railways and' the ! positiod of Premsier, Mr.; Gillies has' just appointed himself Minister of Mines.. How a gentle man so constitutionally lazy as the chief of the Ministry will find time to attend to the most' ordinary duties of his multifaribus offices is one of those things whlich, to 'quoto--Lord Dundreary,' "no fellahi can understand." Perhaps he will contilnu in the future, as he 'has done in' the past; to neglect them all. The step just takdlnby Mr. Gillies arises from- his-timidity to 'in. troduce the promised measure increasing the number of Minieters to eleven. 'io well knows ths feeling of the Oppositioei in the matter, and is afraid of their voteo j question. The defeat 'of the bill??would virtually displace the Government, and the member for ' odney is prepared to' do' 'anything - even! a little extra work during otfics hours in order to pIrevent "consummation' so 'dlevdutly to be wished" by'the gentluioen r now sitting on Mr. Sijeaker's left. ' Tho:"unemployed" ditficulty" in 'nel bourne is not yetover, bit as numbers of imsns out of work are daily being suat, " up country," on free railway passes, tlih' Sacute stage of the disease has passed. The · assallt 'on Mr. Nicmo's sc'at' tails !by 9ne Sof "great unwsshed" evidently'galvaniscd e thati Minister into notivity, Aind 'cohtracts l for urgent publio works have ?onsoequently been let in all'parts of tihe colony in orilhr Sto provid'enmployment for'such as reatlly r eqiro it. Tents. for the accommsodati6n Sof snoh as are in 'want of their filendly Sshelter have also boen:provided in som of' Sthe vacant ground iroun d a n the uetropolis, "and bedding and 'blankets consideratily allowed to all ,roqtiring "freeoolodsgins. Panem et Circenses was erstlwhile tihe cry of the iomsn "plebs". T'Ilings have changed since then, and 'thie Victorian unemuployed are nows elamouring for ' bread adid Govoernment work," and yet this is the " Paradise for the working man." ": SAugust'31. 