Til EAT RE RUTAL. — TUE CRIMES UK PARIS. A tissuo of absurdities strung together by Messrs. Paul Merrilt nud Geo. Conquest, and entitled The Crimes of Paris, occupied the altentiou of a full house at the Theatre Rovnl lor nearly three hours and a half on Baturuny evening. The drama, which ia more fitted tor a penny gaff in Whitechapel than lo profane the memories of kobsou aud Wigan at lira vsijiupio m isuuuou, wueru it was lirst pro duced — served to present to a Melbourne audi ence a young actor iront tbo mother country, Mr. Philip Beck, who, notwithstanding his somewhat slight physique, possesses very good stage qualifications, and niado iv most successful cfe'ak— -tue house, while justly re- piouuuug iuo innumerable crimes which no perpetrates, appreciated his intelli gence as an actor of melodrama, and admired uis vigor and fovea iu ttio more passionatu passages, dir. Beck was supported by a cast ot no ie»erthan 10 Characters deemed wortbv to bo named ia too bills, besides a sUgo army oi market women, fitnver sellers, visitors to tho theatre, flower and truit markets, masquera- deva, gendarmes, beggars, workmen, thieves, ecc. Such a prodigality of parts argues a pro vident disposition on the part of the uutlmvs, for, outof the 19, four are killedoutright, to uv nothing of ono who, tike the teuem.nt which contained Hamlet's father's ghost, pre deceased the opening of the drauut, several are jelt tor dead at various limes uud places, uud ono is miraculously rescued front drowning. To maarer and describe the plot of tho Crimes of Paris, considered as a mental exercise, is not unprofitable, although the work itself is quite unworthy ol tho pain bestowed, and probably no two persons who heard it woulo agree in their account, so numerous and im probable are the incidents aud so complicated is the business. The scene of the first act is laid in the Murehi <As Kkurt, where we find the detective Peppin Oardth (Mr. G. 6. Tillieraog,.-) tracking a lull-landed murderer, whom we are at no loss to identity iu the Viscouipte de Vismes (Mr. Phillip Beck, who, however, is not the Viscompto de Venues at all, but iu reality plain Maurice Nicole, a demon such as is happily uud but rarely cueouulered in real lifts, and associated witn tbree others almost ns bad of himself, The D.mdy, lin Plunger and Tho Dummy (Messrs. Hans Phil lips, Jewett and Leake). The virtuous charac ter, Jules Mortel (Mr. H. II Vincent) is serving a sentence for au offence which ot course lie never committed, leaving his wife and child (.Miss Maggie Knight aud Miss Bella Kusseil) to tight out tlio battle of life in the market. Tho former however is not entirely unprovided for, having a nest egg of 20,000 francs and documents re presenting 1,000,000 mora if presented to a cer tain money ieuder, named Pierre Delport (.Mr. IV. T. Clitherow). This comfortable property appears to be possessed by her in her own right. In the course ot the second act the wicked V iscouipte, af ler declaring himself to the aston ished \\\ idow Nicole us her son, fllehes the money and deeds from the box in which they are stored and escapes before the arrival of the detective, but leaves behind a iett band glove, which is i lie instrument of his ultimate identi fication and punishment. Altera fl. rtatiou with a somewhat mysterious character, named La Belle Helene, impersoualed by Miss CouBtauce Dcorwyu, he Axes hik attention ou Angcle, wile of Martel (Miss Maggiu Knight), who, sup posing lier husband dead, accepts htm. and is married an hour before the time originally fixed in order to hoodwink La Belle Detune. On leaving the church tho bridal party are encountered by tbo returned husband, Martel. who, although naturally much shocked at seeing his wifo wearing iresh mango blos soms before bis own demise, dons not, presum ably Horn motives oi delicacy, protest agains. (be jumping of hisoiaim. The money lender, on pre.-eiitiition by tho Viscompte of tlio bond for i.000,000 francs, recognises him as a persou who formerly induced him to ca-h a forged cheque lor 1000, which results in h.s being hacked to pieces by the gang. Mnriel, who comes up, iB leil for dead, .and his boy Jacques, whom ho has carried away from tho unworthy mother, flung into the Seine, to bo rescued li the detective, after the flight of tho murderers, iu a highly sensational hit of business. The tilth uud penulLuuutu act (for there are six) lies in the adjoining rooms ot Helene end Lizelle (Miss Kmiua Chambers), nnd abounus in harrowing and sensational details. At tho end of the piece tho confederates lose their bond, which they pa.-s, as they suppose, to Dummy, but in reality to an entirely dif ferent personage. The Dandy is killed accident ally by his partner in crime the Dummy shares the sumo fate, and the arch villain, after several lerrilBc encounters with tho detec tives, in vvbicn, notwithstanding that weight aud ago are both against him, he generally gets tlio hotter, is eventually overpowered, hand cuffed and pistolled on the spot, his fair mur deress receiving the baud of the detective in reward. The principal rcmaiuing characters incidental to the piece, as yet unnoticed, are a comic Englisltmuu (Mr. Wm. Elton) who has lost his wile, a captain, personated by Mr. Clifford, who knows something of the earlier misdeeds of the Viscompte, and a doctor, played by Mr. Gladstone. 