CHAPTER XVIII. OLD ACQUAINTANCES. " Have you come back ?" ne stammered at length. " I thought that you—that you" " That I was drowned ? I've no doubt you ' did," said Le Breton, with a rough laugh, " But here I am, you see, alive and hearty; and as I thought that you would enjoy a chat about old times I came on here, and took the liberty of making a transfer of wardrobes. Your togs don't fit me very well, old boy, but they're more comfortable than the things they lent me on board ship." Clifford did not speak. He turned up the gas, stirred the fire, and examined the con tents ot a tray that stood at Le Breton's • elbow. There was a half- emptied bottle of brandy, upon which be laid his hand. Again Robert Le Breton burst out laughing. "That's right, old fellow; steady your nerveB by all means. It's discomposing to see ghosts, I know. But I'm no ghost, after all; good honest flesh and blood, I assure you. " Honest 1" muttered Clifford, with a sneer that was not lost upon his companion, although the word seemed to Blip out from between his teeth half against his will. " Honest!" He poured a little brandy into a glass and drank it off at a draught, passed a scented handkerchief across his lips—which had grown paler than usual—and then contrived a very creditable smile. " You're always welcome, Le Breton," he said, " wherever you go. No doubt you've learned that fact by this time. Of course you have taken me a little by surprise, but you often UBed to do so, if I remember aright." "Yes, I did," answered Le Breton, "thoughtfully, " I did. And you were about as quick in getting over your surprise as any body I ever knew.' Clifford bent bis brows. There was some allusion to the past in Le Breton's words which did not please him, " I suppose you will want supper?" he said ■ dryly. " Not I. Your slavey—charwoman—what ever she is, has given me a good beefsteak already. All I want now is a smoke and a chat before we turn in." " Ho you supDose that 1 am going to give . you a bed ?" "I don't suppose it; I know it. Bed, breakfast, and dinner too, if I choose ; and a new rig-out, and money in my pocket. That's what I want from you, Mr. Clifford Var gra ve; and what's more, I mean to ha ve it." "Now, look here," said Clifford, sternly, " that sort of talk won't go down with me, Robert Le Breton. If you insult me, you know that you will have to pay for it. I acknowledge that you can do me a great deal of injury, but it would be injury that I could get over whilst, if I open my mouth, I \- could ensure penal servitude for you for a good term of years—perhaps for life. We ■ are on pretty equal terms, and you need give yourself no airs of bravado about your . power." Le Breton laughed almost genially. " Here's a bnrst of passion!" he said, with a touch of burlesque in his tone. " Yon must betaking things very much to heart, Cliff, 'before you work yourself up to such a pitch as that. As to being on equal terms, I deny it. I don't oare a hang whether I see the 'ioside of a prison or not. My friends won't cut me if lam tried for fraud, and forgery, and all that sort of thing. Penal servitude for life!—that's all bosh. I should get off; there's not evidenoe enough to convict me. But you—you go in for the superfine gentle man, heavy swell line of business; you know well enough how some of the stones that I could tell would affect you. You were a precious queer lot, Mr. Clifford Vargrave, when I had the pleasure of your acquaintance in Berlin, at Baaen, and at Monaco, not so very many years ago." Clifford stood motionless; his face assumed ■ a yellowish pallor which somewhat belied the boldnesB of his words. His dark brows were still bent, more in perplexity than in wrath; his eyes sent out an evil gleam as he listened to his visitor's insinuations; and he bit his lip savagely, so that the blood began to start. He took out his handkerchief again, and touched his mouth with it softly from time to time as the conversation pro ceeded. The little red stain upon the white cambric seemed to annoy Le Breton; he glanced at it with evident discomfort. " Put down that white rag and listen like a man, can't you ?" he growled sulkily. "Leave your mouth alone, and attend to me." "Sorry if it annoys you," said Clifford, seating himself and resting his elbows on the table, and his chin on his hands. The hand kerchief was still pressed to his mouth; pos sibly it was a relief to him to be able to con ■ ceal that tell-tale [feature, He looked Le Breton well over from head to foot, and then asked a question in a tone which showed that his nerve waB returning. "With whom have you been fighting?" he said quietly. Le Breton involuntarily touched the raised red bar which Giles Kinglake's stick had left \- across hiB face, and bunt into a volley of < imprecations upon the giver of the blow. Clifford listened in contemptuous silence, and v not until Kinglake's name was mentioned|did ' he exhibit any special interest in the matter. Then, indeed, he lifted his eyebrows, and made a slight interrogative comment. " That fellow, was it ?" " Do you know him ?" " Slightly. He's in my way.' Le Breton suddenly stopped short In his tirade, and looked at Clifford from beneath : his brows. Clifford's face did not change, but his eyes had assumed an expression of venomouB hatred which boded no good to the man of whom they had been speaking. " I see," said Le Breton, with a nod of his i head. " You want him shelved.' " Yes," "What for?" Clifford looked at him curiously, "Can I trust you!" " Is it a good thing ?" '" Very—for you as well as for me." " Then I'm your man, Cliff, my boy. Come, -what is it?" " You say that Kinglake struck you when •you mentioned " "Cicely Lorraine. Yes, confound him 1 As iif she wasn't my own second cousin 1" " Even second cousins shonld be mentioned •with respect," said Clifford coolly, " What did you say to Kinglake ?" "I threw it in his teeth that he perhaps wanted to repair Ins broken fortunes by marriage, at which he flew at me like a tiger." " Don't wonder at it. Gentlemen don't like j to be talked to in that way by cadB in the street." "I'm Cicely's cousin, said Le Breton | sulkily, " A very distant one. If I had any thought of marrying Miss Lorraine I Bhould take great care how her name was used." Le Breton burst into a hoarse laugh. "You imarry Cicely!" he exclaimed. "I suppose you don't mean that you have any thought of it; but, if you have, you bad better put it out of your bead at once. She wouldn't have you." " Why not ?" eaid Clifford, biting hie lip again. Le Breton bad his revenge. He looked at Vargrave much as that young man had looked at bim, with infinite, and much more insolent, contempt. " A little cad like you!" he eaid. Then ne leaned back in his chair and puffed a cloud of smoke from his pipe, continuing to eye Clifford all the time with arrogant depreciation. Clifford flushed angrily, but spoke in his usual tones. " 1 mean to try," he said. " Try away. I don't mind. I wonld rather you had Cicely than Kinglake. And, as you say, it wouldn't be a bad thing for me." He smoked in silence for a few minutes, and then added bluntly— " I'll help you." " You talk as if you had the matter in your own hands I" eaid Clifford, with very natural irritation. "So I have, more or less. My wife is Cicely's closest friend." "Yes, but your wife is not particularly fond of you, is she?" "Oh, bless you," said Le Breton frankly, " Pauline's only a woman. She storms some timeB and sayB precious nasty things, but she comes round afterwards. And if I give her a silk gown or two and a gold bracelet, and take her off for a jaunt, she'll be as sweet as honey and as mild as milk." "Ob," returned Vargrave, with meaning emphasis. " Then you have come back from the Cape a moneyed man have you ? ShareB, old fellow." Le Breton uttered an oath. " I have not made one brass farthing," he asservated. "Don't lie," said Clifford, cheerfully. " You have come back richer than you went; I can see it in your eyes, What was it? Diamond bunting ?'* " Never had a day's luck at the diamond fields." "Perhaps yon relieved another man of his share." said Clifford, keeping his eyes atten tively fixed upon Le Breton's face. " I hope you did |not go "too far for safety. Fraud is harmless enough sometimes, but wayside rob bery, for instance, with violence—" Le Breton started up with a tremendous oath. The perspiration broke out upon his forehead, and his broad limbs seemed to tremble under him as he said with a fierce stammer "How?—what? What do you mean ?" Clifford uttered a gentle laugh. "You would be a treasure inawitnesB box," he eaid. "You wonldn't criminate yourself—oh no. Sit down and don't be a fool, Robert Le Breton. How should I know anything about your doings in South Africa. 1 don't care to know anything. 1 was only chaffing you." The man seated himself, and wiped his face with a coarse, red handkerchief, as if relieved, but he still breathed heavily. " Keep your chaff to yourself." he growled at last. " You don't know the things that I've heard and seen out there, or you wouldn't talk so easily about—about—" " Was it diamonds, then ?" asked Clifford curiously, "Never you mind. " But I do mind. If I acknowledge you as a poor relation and rave you an income as soon as I have married Miss Lorraine, you, in turn, must let me share a little of your gains." " You're hard up, as uBual, I suppose!' "Infernally." " You always were. It's your own fault." " Tell me what you've got," said Clifford firmly, " or you shall never see one penny of my money, come what may." " You daren't refuse me." " I dare—and I will." The two men glared at each other across the table. Le Breton's face was flushed to almost a purple tint; the veins were swollen upon his forenead; the unkempt and tangled state of his black hair and beard added a touch of savage wildnesB to his appearance. Clifford's face, on the contrary, was calm and colourless, although resolved; his thin, refined features did not move a muscle; even hiB long white hand, upon which a diamond ring flashed in the gaslight, seemed to express determination by the way in which it had closed upon the blood-stained handkerchief. Le Breton looked at his face, then at the handkerchief, then at the diamond ring, and his eyes Bank. "l vehad the devil's own luck," he said, and Clifford knew that his point was gained. " I thought at one time that I'd gained a for tune, but it's been a precious small one. Is that door fast! I don't mind telling you, Cliff, how 1 came into possession of these little things that you see here ?" He produced a small brown bag, which he carried next his skin, suspended by a string round his neck. "It's a wonder I haven't lost it," he said, triumphantly. " If I had kept it in a pocket I Bhould have lost it weeks ago, when I was swept overboard in coming to Southampton. I thought it was all over with me then. But they threw me a buoy, and I was able to cling to it until I was picked up by a fishing smack that landed me in France again. Then I had a smart touch of fever, which kept me from writing to Pauline. I suppose she and all of you thought I was dead ?" "Yes." "And were glad of it? "No doubt. What have you got In that bag?" " Little enough,' said Le Breton, gloomily, as he opened it and spread the contents upon the table. There were, indeed, very few re maining of the stoneB which poor old Martin Deveril had colleoted with such care. Clifford fingered them over, one by one, and raised his eyebrows. "ft that all?" " I was cheated," said Le Breton, striking his fist angrily upon the table. "I wonld never have run the risk I did if I had known how little there was to get by it." " What risk did you run? With a good deal of oircumiocution, Le Breton managed at last to give his companion an account, which was true in the main, of the two several attacks upon Martin Deveril for the sake of the stones that he was sup posed to be carrying about with him. When he paused, Clifford made a remark. " And you went off to Cape Town leaving the old man in the middle of the road to bear witness against yon ?" " He was dead, I tell you; I am sure that he was deadl" said Le Breton, feverishly. " Of course, we only meant to stun him, don't you see? but I suppose that the blow was a little too hard." He had departed so far from the trnth as to impress Clifford with the notion that it was the Kafir, not himself, who had struck the murderous blow. Clifford did not quite believe him; hut was not anxious to draw attention to his own incredulity. " Dead or alive," Vargrave replied, " you were fools to leave him in the middle of the road. There was a ravine close by, you say, with water at the bottom; why had not you the senEe to throw him down there and leave him ? Then you might be pretty certain that lie would not turn up again to molest jou. while now—why, man, you can never feel Bttfe." Le Breton's face lost some of its fiery hue. " If he's alive," he said rather quaveringly, •' he'll never find me." " He could easily follow you to England ; I daresay he could track you. Mo doubt you have been exhibiting your fine stones to every dealer in London," said Clifford, con temptuously rolling the garnets and sapphires into a little heap upon the table cloth. "Not I—not I!" cried the man, eagerly. " I went to Amsterdam, and PariB, and other " Made yourself well known and remark able, I daresay," interrupted Clifford. " The more fool you. Le Breton, you haven't the wit to be a villain." Le Breton sat and sulked. " If he came to himself, as he probably did, he would certainly lay information against you: and, if he recovered, he would certainly track yon down, if he had the brains of a hare—and from what you say he seems to have been a determined old (fellow. Well, I wish you joy of your experiment in highway robbery. If I risked so much, I would at least have taken care that the prize was worth winning." "Just you hold your tongue,_ Clifford Vargrave, said Le Breton, breaking out in open rage as Clifford's irritating comments came at last to an end. '"You think to frighten me, do you? I know what I'm about us weU as you do; and I won't take insults either from you or from any man." Clifford laughed lightly and shrngged his shoulders. "As is proved by that mark upon your face," he Baid, "which you allowed topasB unpunished." "It shall not pass unpunished!" cried Le Breton, rising up and pushing back his chair, and then bringing down his hand upon the table with a blow that made the glasses ring. " He shall pay for it, I tell you; he shall rue it all his life. No man ever insulted me without repenting " " Pray, don't make auoh a row, or we shall have our neighbours down upon us," said Clifford hastily. " 1 meant nothing; I know that you are a fire-eater and all that sort of thing. I wish you would punish Giles King lake. I wish still more that you oouldget him out of the country altogether. But that's beyond your powers." " In a fair fight, with no police to interfere, I'd pound the life out of him in five minutes. " .Ah, that isn't exactly what I want." "It isn't what you want, but what I want; that is the question, I imagine." " Precisely. But if we can kill two birds with one stone; if we can avenge your wrongs, my dear fellow, and advance my in terests at the same time, we may well con sider ourselves to be doing a good work." Le Breton had by this regained his com posure, and was mixing for himself another glasB of brandy and water, though with rather a shaking hand. His late experiences had certainly affected his health and strength. Clifford watched those unsteady fingers for a few moments with somewhat sinister in terest. He was not sorry to see that Robert lie Breton's nerve was shaken. "I don't understand what you're after. Who do you want?" said the visitor, gruffly. " 1 tell you I want Kinglake out ot my way." " What for ?" "Bid I not say that I meant to marry Miss Lorraine ?" "les," "Bid you not say that you thought lie wanted to marry her?" " Well—yea." "And can't you put two and two together ?" " Bojyou think," said Le Breton, slowly and stupidly, " that Cicely is in love with him ?" " Bon't know, I'm sure. But I do know that Kinglake has been hanging about Lady well Priory lately in a way that I very much dislike. Ihave gathered as much from Miss Lorraine herself, and I can see that she takes great interest in him—all the more on account of his romantic story and connection with the place. It is too good 'a chance for Kinglake to lose. If they see much more of each other he will get her to feel that she ought to make up to him for the loss that he has suffered, or some such sentimental stuff; and they will be married before we can look round. I would not trust them together even now. 1 can't tell whether they are not corresponding. We must separate them—by fair means or foul; and the sooner the better." " You're regularly up a tree, then ?" said Le Breton, regarding Clifford's gloomy brow with some curiosity. "I shall be ruined if I can't marry, or announce a coming marriage, within six months. "And you've set your young affections on Cicely?" "Just so." "And have you any plan to propose ?' " Yes, I have. But first gather up these miserable little stones, and put them away. Pah! I feel as if that old man's blood were upon them still!" said Clifford, with a fine expression of disgust. Le Breton gave him a murderous look, and began to collect his stones and drop them one by one into the little leathern bag. " I reckon that you wouldn't talk of the blood upon them if you thought that they were of any value," he said slowly. " Probably not. my friend." " If that crystal had turned out to be a big diamond, as I fancy the old fellow took it for, you would sing another tune pretty quickly, eh, Mr. Clifford Vargrave ?" Clifford lifted the crystal and weighed it carelessly in his hand. Then he took off his ring and tried to scratch the sparkling stone with his diamond. His face changed a little as he did bo, "Have you shown this stone to the dealers ?" he said. "NotL What would they do with a bit of glass like that!" " Are you quite sure that it iB not a dia mond !" said Clifford, quietly. *' I'm not a fool." " Are you not? I would advise you to find out something more about that atone before you part with it.il thought that you diamond diggers could always tell a diamond when you ionnd one?" " At any rate you can'te" said Le Breton, snatching the stone frcm Clifford's hands and ramming it with unnecessary vehemence into the furthest corner of his bag, with so much excitement and reddening of countenance that Vargrave felt sure he had never even taken the trouble properly to examine or to test the so-called crystal. " It's very plain of a glorious fortune if I'd got my hand upon it as close as yon seem to imagine." "It seems to me that you have been very near to missing it," said Clifford. And inter nally he added—" What a fool I was to put the doubt into his head ! I might have got it from him for fire pounds, and made my own profits if I had had my wits about me." 