AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE' ROYAL The Royal Comic Opera Company made their first appearance at the Theatre Royal in "The Sorcerer" aud "Trial by Jury'' ou Saturday, fully sustaining the reputation which the care- ful work of success! ul seasons has brought them. " Tho Sorcerer" is a charming opera, and from a musical point of view we place it (though its rank is largely a question of indi vidual taste) next to " lot an the." Both these operas are distinguished for the gracj aud dainty finish which uulinntss song, chorus aud oichestral piece alike, aud in "The Sorcerer" ihc'iiesh neasuies of meiody are laid at our door. Probuuiy the piot is more familiar by hearsay to most playgoers thau the music, as the category ot "catchy " airs is compara tively smail. The piece ij in two acts of mode rate and uearly cqua. lungtlmvhich setlorththe due effects upon tnu leuuuis of 6Lr Marmauuko Poinulextre inflicted by the firm of Johu Wel lington Weds and Co., family sorcerurs, a' ihu request of Alexis, Sir Muriuadukc's eldest sou. Alexis is engaged to Aline, Lady Sangazuru's lovely daughter, and the tenantry iu ccicbraliou of the evuut aro cujoying tlie " gay Saliy- Lunu," aud the " ro.liexiug tun " oil their land lord's lawu. Mr. J. \Y. \Vells arrives on the spot aud introduces himself to the bride aud bridegroom as a "dealer in magic and spells." He tods tliem th.it he has a fine ussoituient of these goods, and adds that "if anyuuo any thing la ks, he'll find it all ready in stacks, if he'll only look iu ou the re ideut djiu. No. 7o St. Mary Axe." The happy pair are delighted to learn that " love at first sight is our .leading article," ana Alexis at ouco pro poses that they should test its effects upon the assembled villagers. Aliuc objects ou the grouud that it wuuld breed coufusiou amongst tue already married couples, but the Family Sorcerer, with a snort ot righteous indignation, assures her that all his lovu philtres are com pounded "on tho strictest moral principles," and only affect maids and bacneiors. Aline, who objects to sorcorery aud sorcerurs in tvto , aud wbo is still leaiiui lest she should be "turned iiuo a guinea pig," iu spite of Alexis' as- mruueo that it is most improbable that any well-con ducted, ioug-estatiiislied firm of sorcerers would do such a tuing, then expresses ;v doubt us to wbeth- rMr. J. W. Weils will be able to supply enouirh oi ibe article for such a purpose. But tue wholesale warehouseman of magic and spells repdes that he cuu sell them a niuo-gaJiou cask or a quarter -hogshead at a momeut's notice, and that in a few hours, if need be, he is prepared to supply whole hogsheads or to lay it down in pip-'Sr Poor AUue is effectually silenced, and ten iniuutos later Mr. Weils begins to brew his phiitic. Hosts of ghosts reply to his incantations, wh.ist he gyrates round a teapot fud of tho steaming liquid, and amidst sheets of lightning, claps of thauder und mutt-Tings from the spirit worid, the awiul charm is worked. By-and-oye the villagers troop iu lor tea, aud then the poiite J. W. \V. lids balf-a-hundrcd cups with lue delicious in fusion, aud hands ibcui round himself with un insinuating siuile. Then, as Dr. Daly, the vicar or the parish, and Mrs. Partlett, the pow-opeuor, Sir Marmauuku and Lady S-iugazare jom the drinkers, both great and suiail succumb' to the Fpe:l, and with i.aivv heads take tbo 12 hours' seep that 13 to form the prelude to the a.notous a.vukcuipg. Iu the second act ihe audience luurn that the great folk had been put decently to bed by ibe indefatigable aor- eeror, whilst they see boforc them the villager, cuch in love with rite first object thut met their eyes, and ah siugiug in dodghiful harmony, " If you'll marry inc." Auue aud A. axis are de lighted at the ruccesn of their scheme, but are uot quite so piea-aM when Sir Marmaduke 'enters, leading by tlie hand, as bis future wife, the e.derly and respect able Mrs. Partlett. J.t is heru thai the charming quiutot — "She will tend him, wash him, mend tiiut, air his linen, dry his clothes " — is bappiiv saudwiched in beiwoeu tnc slices of iuu which form the story. " Retribution " is allotted to I ho Soreover, however, for as hu parades his dapper little person in tho garden the weighty Sauga/.ure assails him with " What is this miry form I see beiore uie?" The con sternation of Uie Sorcerer id great aud escape i,s hopeless. Tho next misfortune falls to Alexis, whose bride, having been' persuaded Jtu ias:n the mixture, falls iu love with th-Rjv. Dr. Daly 1 Hor.ors accumulate ou horror's beau, and iiua.ly it is decreed that the Sorcerer can only expiate hi9 crimes and dissolve the spell by death. He accept his fate, and as he p nks slowly in'.o a pit from which >ugge<tive iiauies and su pliurous fumes belch forth, he distributes trade circulars amougsi the enfran chised peasantry, and prepares for purgatory wiih a cigiruttu butweon his rips 1 From the above sketch of the story, it will be seen ibat the chief character iu the piece is " The Sorcerer." This purl was played by Mr. William Elton, and on the whom it was well p ayed- The great palter song, " My name is .loon Wellington Wells," was admirably given, the make-up in stove-pipe hat, frock coat and Hky-b.ue gloves was irresistibly comic, aud the actor's " swish " with the coat-tails was a clever Htrin piece of 4 business" which, probably, only Mr. Elton would think of. If tho impersonation had a fault, aud the verdict of Saturday's bouse was that it hadn't, it was that of being a little overdone. We take it tbat the more i?eur tlie approach to the manner of au obsequious, deferential, active London tradesmm on the part of the actor the greater the success. Mr. Grossuiith, the, original Sorcerer, was very serious, very much iu earnest in the part, and even his antics in tbo incanlaliuii scene wore a certain air of grotesque solemnity. Iu the la-t scene, Mr. E.lon also gives his own reading of the part, and the laughable incongruity of the cigarette is a humorous idea. Wo should' like tho Sorcerer to give the uudienco a better intelligence of his impending fate by sinking down u li tie earlier than lie docs, anil by standing instead of lying down, in which lust position it is difficult to bcu from the from what is going on. His wickedness merited more flame, too, and when these, aud lots move sulphur smoke, arc added, we shall feel that he has met with his deserts — but uot till then. Miss Ncllio Stewart, as Aline, was in good voice, acted with spirit and was charmingly dressed in white, with the gown looped up at one side after the picture of " The Bride," which, with its companion "The Christening," has be -n made familiar by a thou sand engravings and uio -graphs. Douhtle.ns the audience wero glad to see Miss Stewart in her own proper person again in modern dress, and she wis warmly welcomed both in her first appearance, and for tho song. " Oh, merry vonng heart." Mr. Woodffeid, as Alexis, had a singing fiurtanri proved iiiHitrprisingly good voice. We lave not heard him singas well, with such power and delightful tunefulness, for a long time, and the port was t. thorough success. The tenor song which gained most applause was 44 My love Is Idea a flower," which, however, with its rather common-place waltz retrain, was not tho best of the many which fell to his «liare. Mr, Howard Vernon, as Sir Marmaduke Point- dcxirc. had a part which riiould lmve suited him well. Ho, however, quite misconceived the character, which should be played seriously as a fine old Eng ish gentleman of the old school. In the pretty duet beginning Sir, I thank you mo#t politely, " tlie minuet should be danced with all the stately grace an actor can master. Mr. Vernon mndetheg.iliory rear by stepping iu the air liko a horse at a circus — a piece of buffoonery quite outride tho diameter. Nevertheless, ho sang the duel wed wiili Miss Alice Burnett, who, as La<iv Sanga- gure, p'ayed in high comedy fashion under somewhat trying ei ciimstances. The duet ia a beautiful piece of music. We feel wo would not ch-'oso to los-j a nolo of tho gavotte- iko measure which the accompaniment gives. Herein the instruments glide up aud down oh the wings of faucy, Lairing up the voices on tho swelling Ikmoui of thoir sound, in u wuv lo cause the most delightful harmony The actors earned a well-merited cneoiA for their rondo, ii.g of this, and Miss Alice Harnett's imi-ersonation was thorough y urtiHtic, though she has loss opportunity for diminution than in " Iolanlhe " and some oilier pieces in which sin has apnoarcil. Mr. Denbigh Newton m ide a 'edly .magnificent study ot tho part of Dr. Daly, tho love-loru vicar. &»o urbauc, so gentle, and bo gcutlcuinnly is his Dr. Daly that ho aeiuallv looked the )M« t in spite oi tho patters aud the broad-brimmed hat, which arc olhunviso nlwavB suggestive, whether ou or off tlie slugo, of inu>qucrade. " Time was when love aud I were well ncquain.ed," and "I'm engaged lo So-and-so" weie his great songs : aud ihougn, perhaps, thero was soino want of vocal power shown, it may well be over-looked in tuce of such finished, polbhed acting, in all re spects wc proter Mr. Newton's impersonation to the Savoy original (Mr. Harrington) who used to sing dismadv fiat at all times. Miss lua Osborne as Mrs. ' Furtieit, ihe pew-uponcr, strengthened the cast ad through in an acting part; and finally, a word ot praise is duo to Miss Ada Walker, uliu wi CW-tunco had some louder music, and in 44 W hen he is here 1 sigh with plonsiuo gained tho first oneoru of the evuuing. Thu actress has a voice of sufficient power ami sweet, and sympathetic quality. Sku sings with refinement and judgment, noi overtaxing her resources, ami shows noised fully equal to any parts of riim.ar eaiiuro that may ia.l to her share. The orchestra payed well itt uearly every insuuicu, the phru-oa ami sub jects for reeds again attracting I'avorablo attention, whii.st many line passages tor vio.ius, notably tbo rushing settle in tho overture were accurate!/ given, Mr. Cullier causes bis orchestra to bustain the vocal recitative in true operatic fa>hion, with cello nnd double bass onlv. The recitatives form a Unrightful portion of n ci.ariiung opera, which incunius so much good unt⁣ that it vvhl suruly be popular here. " Trial by Jury" followed tbo former piece, aud with its comp.erc overture and music tuat sparkles everywhere, of course, fouud favor wuk the audience. Thu chief fea ture iu this favorite little opera was the excel lence und accuracy of the business undertaken bv the chorus. T'hcy did their work well, and tue whole went crisply in consequence. To this wu must add, as a prime elemout of success Mr. H. Bonham's "Usher," a leading part given with immense spirit ana genuine comic humor. The actor has given us no better work than this; nor do we ask for better. Ariss Ida Osborbc, Atr. Frank Kuhdale and tho other ladies and gentlemen engaged contributed to the success of the piece. ''Tlie Sorcerer (which is euden at IU p.m.) aud " Trial by Jury' (which concludes lui»f-an- hour later) will be performed uutii further nonce. 