THE BEGGING BISHOPRIC. [See Cartoon.] [A CABLE message states " that after the Rev. George Austen's interview with the Bishop of Manchester he declined the offer of the See of Melbourne, "j SCENE : Interior of the Rev. George Austen's library. PRESENT : J. Manchester and the Rev. George . . MANCHESTER.—Pass the tobacco, Austen, and get your man to give my dog a lump of raw meat, will yon, like a good fellow 1 You wanted to see me about your going out to Australia, I believe ? What do you want to know ? This tobacco of yours is too dry. Well, I don't mind if I do. Thanks, Scotch, if you have it. REV, GEORGE.—Well, I saw Sir Graham Berry, and to tell the truth, he rather startled me. Are there many Graham Berry's in Victoria ? MANCHESTER.—Well, yes; fact is there's a lot of them. What didn't you like about liim ? REV. GEORGE. — He had such a funuy head. Have all the people out there heads like that ? M.—Oh ! dear, no; he's an exception in that respect. It's not that sort of men that make things unpleasant. '1 hey're harmless enough. You'll have some terrible journeys through the bush and meet fearful things, wild animals and such. Jiy jove ! the squatters are awful. REV. GEORGE.—Pardon me—what did you say were awful ? M.—The squatters. One day a squatter caught me, and putting a revolver to my head, made me pray for rain and the sterility of the rabbits. I kept at it for five mortal hours while he kept one eye on the sky and oue on me. lie swore an oatli that if the rain didn't come down in twenty-four hours lie would shoot me. REV. GEORGE.—Dear me, how dreadful! And did the rain come ? M.—Well, no. You see there had been a seven years' drought, and of course any moment it might break up. I told him that no prayer had been answered in less than a month, and if lie shot me there would be another seven years' drought. He thought better of it,-and let nie go. REV. GEORGE. —Truly, you terrify me. And is there any more you ought to tell me ? M.—Well, yes. The Melbourne people are demons for lectures. You'll have to give a couple of dozen series every year or you'll get fits. You must smoke, too, and keep a dawg. If you don't keep a dawg you won't be counted much; and you'll have to play cricket and keep racehorses, and go in for football, and play pool and tennis, and ride a buckjumper. The Australians are death on sport, and that's the only way to win their hearts. REV. GEORGE.—And do the blacks trouble you very much ? M.— Rather ! Up country I was chased regularly, and often speared. Wild devils they are, to be sure. They love to kill a bishop and eat him. You'll have some lively times with them. You'll do well to get a fleet horse and a couple of revolvers. Sell your life as dearly as you can. All! George, dear boy, a colonial bishop's life is not all gas and gaiters; but don't be discouraged by anything I have said to you ; it might be worse. Pass the baccy. REV. GEORGE.—This seems very terrible. I don't think it will be wise of me to leave England. May I ask why you keep such a ferocious dog ? —You may. I was a good deal worried with the Dean of Melbourne. He was a very sporting card. Always coming to my house for me to put the gloves on with him, or for a game of cricket, or something of that sort. Well, when I wouldn't oblige him he kicked up a row in the parsonage and I had to get the dog to put him off. He's a very larky cuss. REV. GEORGE.—You surprise me; you do* indeed. I had some thought of Australia, but now I'll stick to my £750 per annum and safety. M.—Fm sorry I've dashed your spirits, because otherwise I think you'd like Melbourne on the whole. REV. GEORGE.—I don't think I should. Those squatters must be fearful creatures, and your Berrye must be as bad. Do they all speak English ? M.—i T es, nearly all. You'll want a guide for the bush, onakes are bad, too, and the wallabies are simply awful— come at you open-mouthed—bad as tigers. And those laughing jackasses, too— REV. GEORGE.—DO they kick? M.—I should think so. Kick like Billy oil ; I was once surrounded by a dozen of them. REV. GEORGE.—And what did you do ? M.—Shinned up a gum tree like a nigger. You'll have to 'earn to climb, or your life won't be worth an hour's purchase. REV, GEORGE.—Oh ! thank you. I shall do nothing of the sort. Dear me, what's that noise ? M.—My dog, I expect, got your man. He's always up to something of that sort. His Melbourne life completely demoralised him. (Exit Rev. George hastily.) IF a publican's out of spirits and has no tick with the Warrenheip people he needn't despair He has but to add a letter to himself and sell himself at sixpence a nobbier. The letter G will turn a publican into a spirit. G added to host makes ghost, and surely a ghost is a spirit. * A VARIETY of turkey is found in Honduras, which, ««says an up-country paper, " though probably too delicate to resist the hardships of an English winter, might be introduced into the colony." Wethiuk this advice quite uncalled for, as we have a species at present with us which is hardy enough to withstand any climatic changes that Mr. Ellery lias ever heard of. The breed we refer to is the restaurant turkey. He can't be killed. He never succumbs except to old age. " THE Prevalence of Consumption in Large Towns and How to Diminish it" is the title of a lecture which was delivered at the Young Men's Christian Association Hall last Monday evening. The antidote to this is to be found in a nutshelL Let all the young men living in boarding houses find themselves in comestibles, and then they will find they will not demolish so much, and their landladies will not bring wrinkles to their pretty faces at the rate of one per diem as they do at present. A COUNTRY paper assures us that "snakes are making their appearance very early this season." This is very remarkable, especially as the last time we were in the country we noticed all the editors wore the blue ribbon. THE band of the Salvation Army at Sandhurst has gone out on strike. " And there shall be none but will strike—." • This awesome mode of redressing grievances will spread to the pulpit in time, and goodness knows where else. But —recenons a nos mounlom—Adjutant Veal attempted to enforce certain rules and restrictions, to which the Salvationists objected, and the result was a general declaration "I won't play with you any more," SOME land sale fiends advertise that their estate is "right on the tram line." We fail to see how this can attract customers. It would be an awful nuisance to live in a house right on the tram line. A fellow would be just sitting down to breakfast when he'd hear the bell, and have to get up and make way for the car. The old woman would be sure to lose her temper when the cars swept majestically through her front parlour, and the passengers on the dummy spat on her best carpet. If a fellow went to bed early he'd have to sleep with one eye open up to 11.30 p.m., ready to skip out of the way of the approaching car, bed and all, about every five minutes. On the whole, we consider we'd rather put in our pegs somewhere on one side of the tramway. THE A rgiis of last Friday in commenting in its leading columns upon the results of the polling for the Legislative Council says:—"The return of Mr. T. Dowling for Nelson seems secure, and his presence in the chamber will help to stiffen the Council greatly." This appears to be a somewhat ambiguous compliment, for the reader is at a loss to know whether Mr. Dowling's oratory is of the Gaunson order, and thereby likely to induce his hearers to speedily fill up allotments in the general cemetery, or whether the then constituted Council partakes of the nature of a jelly fish and requires a backbone in the person of Mr. Dowling. HERE'S an ad. in last Thursday's Argus :— OST—Purse last night in St. Kilda omnibus. Findor please return Omnibus L Office. Ten shillings reward. We would beg to call the attention of Mr. Clapp to this. Finder please return omnibus office. If anybody has had the cheek to annex the new and splendid omnibus office in Little Collinsstreet and carry it about in his purse it serves him right if he got it stolen by some smarter thief. If we were Mr. Clapp we'd put the matter into the hands of the detectives and instruct them to look out for a suspicious looking person trying to pop an omnibus office full of clerks, male and female. We trust the M. T, and 0. Co. will pay us for this notice. 