CATTLFIELD $BA.mDiTGr NOTES. BIeisotjbne, Saturday aftarnoon. — Kentieth covered the cup distance at a good serviceable gallop, this, eon of Maribyrnong'doing his work freely. Master John, looking fresh, brushed along for three or four furlong's on the sand. Beckwith was treated to .medium work, finishing up with strong exercise. Louise, Berta, and Eugene strode alonsr in company for five furlongs in good style, Carnavon and Eetort galloped five furlongs in good time, the hitter, who is in the Caulfield Guiueas, finished home alone. Lady Ash. ton put in two or threo rounds at a good Bwinzlntr canter. Union did similar exercise. Loaier ana jaeieabagri were restricted to a mild turn or two. Geraldine and Boimie Lad put in a couple of rounds over the schooling- hurdles ; the pair moved along at a good fair pace, and jumped .welL Ben Bolt was sent for a useful working gallop of over amUe and a half ; Chuckster accompanied him for the first mile, and Lando took him along for the last half-mile. The Cup favorite moved freely, end pulled up sound and well. Western and Bridegroom ran a , useful mile, as also did Whitobait. WarSeld,' Anarchy, and Ambassa dress were each put to for -good- striding work for over five furlongs. The Sussex horse put in a couple of turns on the tan at hatf pace. Highland Chief, accom panied by Blondin over the last seven furlongs, strode alone over the Cup distance. The son of Napoleon went well, Little John, accompanied by Jack and Jim Cain at different points of the journey, put in a mile and a half of good work ; the going- of the son of Hamlet did not please the spectators. King of the West, Gracelus, Earis, and others of Momn's team were sent for medium and half -pace work. Silvermine and Bonnie Doon moved once round for a good working gallop ; the son of Napoleon moved as freely as air. Charge and Faithful brushed along for four or five furlones. LadyLovel and. Glentworth strode along for three furlongs in company. The Chanter put in some mild exercise on the tan. Grace Darling travelled once round for good striding work, Crane bearing her company for the Jast four furlongs. Hotiron, Gadfly, and MUlstream brushed along in company for four or five furlongs. The latter eased off after going a couple of furlongs. The Ghost put in a strong five fur longs alone, in his usual taking style. Empress pottered along for a quiet exercise. Preston put in a round, moving along smartly for the first mile. Cestus and Alexandra spurted for ' three or four furlonss. Clarendon moved along in a good working gallop, over 1$ mile. Ht. Albert went with him over the last six or seven furlongs. Toung Horatio put in a useful mile. Maori Chief was treated to if mild exercise. First Pop, Footman, Berkley, Albanus, and Cadland were put to useful exercise on the sand. Crown Brand and Land Shark put in a strong found on the sand. Newmaster, Gasbumer, Pocahontas, Umberto, and Townley were put through medium to half pace . work on the tan and sand tracks. Carnival, Epicurean, and several other two-years-old cantered and spurted. Camerine, Meerschaum, and Day Star brushed along in good strong gallops over five furiongs. Ajar and' Burnett put in several mild turns on the sand. Louis II. and Delamia both did mild exercise on. the tan and brushed, home from the turn. Dougalstone, Stag-, and Violet, can tered.. New York strode once round on the grass at about throe-rraarfcera Tiaee. '.' ?' -?? , '. ? ? ? 