:f A LADY'S LONDON GOSSIP. j..,- -. , Bemmiscences are just gossip on a large ^ ' scale. The number lately published has "" seriously interfered with the sale nf the novel proper. I say novel proper, for the so-called recollections owe a good deal of their spicy *- flavour to imagination. I promised myself a -treat in the two attractive-looking volumes of the Rev. Allis Wilkinson's Reminiscences of the Court and Times ofKvng Ernest of Hano- ver, and certainly to the idle and curious they * offer much interesting matter, but the style 1 is commonplace and bald, and the worthy «cleric is evidently a bit of a twaddle. King ,. lErnest does not get any whitewftih from even the mild treatment of Ids chaplain. He was ' pimply a i>oor, full of paltry spites and ill mature. One of the best of the stories is the «one relating how the king outwitted his *- ^physicians. His Majesty had been ill, very ill, and the fraternity had prescribed 1/ .? for his ailments sundry potions, blis- ters, and all the rest of it. As t -the medicines arrived the King ordered them all to a cupboard, where they were left nntasted. When he had recovered he sum- moned his doctors who carne bowing tnd congratulating to the royal presence, round which were ranged the contents of the cap. board, silent witnesses of quackery. The tablean must have been perfect, and peculi- arly gratifying to the seamy side of Ernest's nature. He had, however, one trait which «howed a latent tenderness of nature, a love j for little children. This amounted almost to a passion. Speaking of children Mr, Wilkin- son remarks as a result of long experience that to teach several languages simultan- eously to a child, each ought tobe taught by a native. His own children were so instruct- ed. They had a French bonne with whom they were always alone, a German governess who used her own language only, and Eng- lish was imparted by their parents. At first, he states, they mix the words of the various languages ; as their mind developes 'they drop the habit. There is another advan- tage in having children taught young ; they catch an accent perfectly before the muscles set, after that process has taken place a stiffness results. The ideas entertained of our insular manners by foreigners who have not visited ns at home are peculiar. A young guardsman, in all respects a thorough gentleman, was dining with Mr. Wilkinson, and to show how thoro- ughly he was in our customs, he stood before the open grate with his back to the fire, and his coat tails drawn aside, a l'Anglaise. When Mrs. Wilkinson entered the room he greeted her with, "How are yon Mistress Wilkinson?" adding, with an expletive, " Cold, isn't it." Ablution was not a virtue among the Hanoverian noblesse in those days, When Mr. Wilkinson first arrived in Han- over, his ^attaché scoured the town vainly for a tub. The nearestjapproach was a batcher's tray, of which he bought two, and standing with a foot in each, managed to sponge him- self down. The water ran over on and through the floor, astonishing the tenant. %S ,>w -y,*" &<*/* ¿""wv-"1 e'l^l'^-^'-H X ' below, and raising the landlord's indignation to such a pitch that ho gave the attache notice to quit, saying he would never have another Englishman iu his house, for they ?were so dirty they always wanted so much water : " vasli, vasa, splash, splash," every day to the destruction of his furniture : be- sides ho objected to the two enormous bath sponges as unBightly objects drying at the window. Another friend in a pension had a large blue and white delph-ware utensil sent up to him on his demand for a tub or other large vessel to wash in-and to his horror, on his first Sunday dinner, saw the very article at table acting as soup tureen. A young gentleman dancing with Miss Wilkinson at a court ball said, " Miss Vilkinson, I haf myself now vached since a year, and I find it veri gonfortablo, and I shall proceed." A German professor to whom Mr. Wilkinson had shown attention during the illness of his two sons, cal- led to acknowledge the courtesy, and left his card, " Pastor-with his two tltxinksgiving sons." The incidents connected with the vis- it of Jenny Lind to Hanover are interesting. She was the very spirit of Charity she made over to the schools for little children of Stockholm ¿36,000, the "first fruits" of her English earnings. Her delight was in help- ing the poor, ignorant, and helpless, that so she might give "some return to God for the gift He had bestowed upon her, and which formed the great joy of hor life." She had been engaged to sing at the theatre of the reigning Duke of Brunswick. Every place had been takon at double rates, but, catohing a cold, she could not fulfil her engagement. The disappointment was great, and the di- rector came over to Hanover with his law- yer and his doctor to see if Jenny would condescend to a consultation on the state of her health. Jenny .was indignant, and ^ imperiously demanded what the director pre- tended to have lost by " the contract being broken," as he stated. 600 thalers, ho said. Without sitting down, or offering bim a chair, she signed a cheqne for the sum, and motion ed him to the door. "She would not disap- point the public at Brunswick-she would come over and sing to them in the largest room she could hire, but she would not set foot in his theatre." And this Bhe did, and her doing so was accompanied by a touching incident, which deserves to be recorded. It will be remembered that she had created a gran-furore by a piece to which she had the accompaniment of two flutes. At the elev- enth hour one of these two special performers foil ill, and only a boy, very talented, could be found as a substitute. He was very small of his age, but his first notes satisfied Jenny that he would more than do. Her kindness gave him confidence, and when the day came the boy played like an old hero. The enthnsiasm was great, the call unanimous, and when Jenny responded she had the little flautist by the hand, patted him on the head, and gave him his mode of honour of the triumph-and twenty Louis d'or besides. Mr. Wilkinson met in his foreign sojourn Mdlle. Letreyen, afterwards created by the King of Prussia a baroness, the ex-governess of our Queen. She gave him many anecdotes respecting her ill- ustrious charge, but he does net favour his readers with any. The old lady waa enthusi- astic on the subject, and mentioned that after her Majesty had become a mother, and was weighted with the business and duties of her high function, she always feund time to write once a week to her old governess, until the latter begged her to do so only once a month. This she did until the death of her old pre oeptress. Poor old dame. She was ennuied by the gossip of the little town in which she lived, and could not stand the clack of the knitting parties, and having left the world in a sense, Bhe knew the world had left her. But she loved to hear what was still going on in her old happy hunting! grounds, so form- ed a little scheme of attraction which ans- wered admirably. In a beautiful, inlaid old cabinet she kept a atoro of magnificent havannahs, the perfume of which filled the room when she took the cover off. They were regalias, over five years old, their fla- vour improving with years. Each was done up separately, with a blue ribbbin round it. the courts and public offices dined at twelve, I and resumed business at two. All as a rule, had their smoke, a cup of coffee, and a chat. So each week, on a certain day, the knowing old Baroness sent round her card to the chief men of the place, when the havannahs and a cup of jcoffee was served round. These suf- ! need to keep the company together, chatting and relating current instances for her es- pecial denotation. The Baroness " smoked her people in." A real ghost story finds space in these somewhat matter-of-fact, so far as romance goes, columns. The king was ill to death. In the early morning the bells tolled out the announcement of the monarch's death. The parson's wife said to him, " Listen, the old king is gone." He replied he knew it, that he had just seen him. He had appeared at the left side of his (Mr. Wilkinson's) bed in the very white jacket in which he had last seen him lying. The apparition paused a moment or two, looking on Mr. Wilkinson with a pensive air, then slowly moved towards the bottom of the bed and suddenly disap- peared. It was broad daylight, and the nar- rator vouches that he was also broad awake. Summing up the official or kingly character S>f Ernest of Hanover, Mr. Wilkinson pro- nounces him a " great man." His people in- scribed on his statue in the Ballway Square of Hanover; "To the father of his country, from his faithful people." To this verdict the great Duke of Wellington subaoribed, as did many of eur then English statesmen. He had lived among his people, and had done muoh for them-and then " the people" of those days were not of the kidney of the people of the present. They still believed in . the right divine - they were grateful not to be kicked. London, March 31. 