MELBOURNE. Tuesday. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The two measures of Asocial legislation carried through the Parliament have now been put to the practical test, and after all it appears as though the Factories Act will be the more .strongly opposed 1 of .the two laws. The administration of the Licens-’ ing Act has a great deal todowith this, and it appears as.thongh in a short space of time every licensees Will be able to .make out a sufficiently strong case to carry his applica tion for an extension of business hours. ' The sting has been taken out of the Factories-Act so far as Melbourne is concerned by fixing the minimum and maximum penalties for its infringement by shopkeepers at Is and os respectively, and it is now generally con sidered here that the success of the measure rests entirely with the tradespeople them- 1 selves. If they think the Act should re main in force they will obey it; but if found detrimental to their interests, it will be openly defied. Although the measure is re ceiving some show of support, it inay be safely anticipated that in the next Parlia ment a strong attempt will be made to sub stitute the legalisation of the .'eight hours system for the early closing principle. The Licensing Act as administered by the Metropolitan Court' must be disappointing •to the prohibitionist, as it permits in some instances greater facilities, for conducting what Mr James calls the cursed trade. This .is in regard to extended hours of business. At the continued sittings of the court to-day the licensees of a large number of hotels ob tained permission to open their places of business at an earlier bour in the morning and close later, the earlier hour being 5 or 5.30 a.m., and the hour of closing midnight or 12.30 a.m. These having been disposed, the court proceeded to deal with the appli cations to register extra bars, only one being, provided by the Act, and in this direction also the court graciously con sidered the requirements of the public and the interests of the licensees by granting a very large majority of the applications—in fact, postponing for further consideration those which were not at once granted. Those old gentlemen who rule the destinies of Presbyterianism in Melbourne again in dulged in their favorite amusement to-day, and had what, from their standpointof enjoy ment, must be regarded as a ‘‘high old time.” The pertness with which some reverend gen tlemen give one another the lie direct can not be excelled by the stump orators of a political campaign, and although the debates of a meeting of Presbyterian clergymen form interesting reading, their publication cannot but fail to bring ridicule on the cause of religion. The trouble arose in connec tion with the call to the ministration of Scot’s church, and where the Revs. J. Hay and M'Eachern meet complications might be looked for especially as Dr M ‘Donald would not by any means pour oil on the troubled waters. 179 members and 142 adherents of the church had signed the call to the Rev. George Dods. The call having been sup ported by several ministers. Dr Morrison’s complaint and appeal were read. He thought some abler man than Mr Dods should be obtained from Scotland, and took exception to Mr Dods’ teachings as not being sufficiently honest and orthodox. He thought Mr Dods unsound on the doctrine of the Holy Ghost and Divinity of Christ, while it was apparent Dr Morrison considered him guilty of the unpardonableotfenceof doubts as to the eternal damnation of little children. It was at once apparent that the bitterest mem ber’s of the anti Strong party were unfavor able to Mr Dods, and that they decided on an adjournment, but Mr Dods’ friends wished to go right throng!) with the matter. Tnen the excitement began. Tire Revs. D. S. M‘Eachran, J. L. Reutonl, A. Yule, S. Robert son were against, and the Revs. J. Hay, D. M‘Donald, Groundwater Fraser fortrans acting business. The Revs. Hay and Yule became personal, and the expressions “it is,” “ it isn’t,” and even “ liar ” were heard, but who used the latter Presbyterianism could not be ascertained, but, at any rate, Mr Hay contended that Mr Yule had not spoken the truth. Then the Revs. Aber uethy and Patten did what the judicial reporter would term some “ hard swearing ” as to whether Mr Hay had or had not called Mr Yule a liar. The mirthful proceedings having subsided, tire matter at issue was postponed until Wednesday week, when th’e call will be considered. And may Ibe there to see. It is stated on good authority that the Public Service Board have under considera tion the appointment of another police magistrate, this being r equired by the re cent appointments to the Licensing Courts. The gentleman will be selected from the ranks of clerks of courts, who always make the best police magistrates. Six cases of typhoid fever were reported to the Central Board of Health to-day, of which two fatal cases were at Sandhurst; of the other cases there was one each at Runny - rnede, St. Arrtaud, Wanalta, and Ross’ Creek. The diamond drill prospecting for coal at Cape Paterson is now down 4lio feet, and has pierced two seams, one S inches and the other 3 feet 7 inches in thickness. Tire latter contains 2 feet of coal of fair quality. The West Melbourne election was a matter of concern to the Constitutionalists, as with Sir Charles MacMahou, Mr G. D. Carter, and Mr 13. Langton in the field, it was thought the Liberal candidate might slip in. Sir Charles MacMahou has, however, to-day been prevailed upon to withdraw from the contest. Mr J. W. Bowen has also with drawn from the Carlton election; likewise Mr William Reynolds from North Mel bourne; and Mr Sabelberg from Evelyn. 