A REMARKABLE STORY OF AN A PPAJilTI ui>. Many people—a very great number, in fact —no more believe in apparitions than they da iti the man in the moon. And wo are not at all sore that we don't agree with them. At the same time the following stnry of an apparition is such a marvellous and peculiar one, that we cannot do> better than receive it with the attention it noserves :—•" Young Mr. Bligh, a lad of ■ bright parts atid of no Common attainments, became on a sudden pensive, dejected, and melancholy. His friends, observing the chango without being able to discover the cause, attributed his be liat'iour to laziness, and aversion to school, or to some other motive which they suspected he was ashamed to avoir. He ■Has, however, induced to inform Ills brother',- after some time, that in n field through which he had passed to and -from school"—that is to say,- to and from Laun ceston Grammar School, of which Mrl Ruddle was head master—" ho was invariably, met by the apparition of a woman whom lie per sonally knew while living, and who had lioon dead about eight years." Young Bligh is said to have been at this time about sixteen, "Ridicule, t/ir'ests, and persuasions .vera alike Used in vain by the family to induce him to dismiss these absurd ideas. S.Tr. Ruddle was, howevor, sent for;- to whom the lad ingenuously communicated the time, manner, and frequency of this appearance. It was in a field called Higher Broomfield, fhe apparition, he said, appeared dressed in female attire, met him two or three times while ho passed through the field, glided Hastily by him, but never spoke. He had been thiW oocasionnlly met about two months bo fore ho tocfc any particular notice of it; at length tho appearance became more frequent, meeting him both morning and evening, but fflwnys in tho jama field, yet invariably mov ing ottt of the-path when it came close to him. He often spoke, but could never get any reply." To avoid this unwelcome visi- - tor, he forsook the field, and went to school and returned from it through a lane, in which place, between tho quarry pack and tho nursery, it always met him. unable to dis believe the evidence of his own senses, or to obtain credit with any of his family, he pre vailed upon Mr. Rnddle to accompany him to the place. "I arose," says the clergyman, "the next morning, and went with him. The field to which he led me I guessed to be about twenty acres, in an open country, and about tlireo furlongs from any houso. We went into tho field, and had not gone a third part before tho spectre, in the shape of a woman, with all the circum stances he had described the day before, so far aa the suddenness of its appearance and transition would permit me to discover, passed by. I wtta a little surprised at it, and though I had taken up a firm resolution to speak to it; I had not the power, nor durst I look back ; yet I took care not to shew any fear to my pupil and guide, and there j fore, telling him that I was satisfied with the truth of his statement, i wo walked to the end of the field and re turned ; nor did the ghost meet us that time but once. On July 27th, 1(!G5,1 went to the haunted field by myself, and walked to tie breadth of it without any encounter. I then returned and took the other walk, and then the spectre appeared to me, much u^0Ut t'10 same place in which I saw it when tho yt»'.u,Io gentleman was with rae. It appeared to movo swifter than before, and seemed to be about ton.feet from mo on my right hand, insomuch that J 'lacJ "ot time to speak to it, as 1 had deterimnen myself beforehand. The evening of the £tay> the parents, the son, and myself being iii the chamber where 1 lay, I proposed to them o.ur going all together to the placo next morning. We accordingly met at the stile we had ap pointed; thence we all four walked into the field together. Wo had not gone more than half the field before the ghost made his ap pearance. It then came over tho stile just before us and moved with such rapidity that by tho time wo had gone six or seven steps it passed by ; I immediately turned my head and ran after it, with the young man by my side. We saw it. pass over the stile at which wo entered, and no further. I stepped upon tho hedge at one place, and the young man at another, but we could discern nothing; whore as I do aver that tho swiftest horsein England could not have conveyed himself out of sight in that short space of time. Ttvo things I observed in this day's appearance ; first, a spaniel dog, which had followed the company unregarded, barked and ran away as tho spectre passed by ; whence it is easy to con clude that it was not our fear or fancy which made the apparition. Secondly, the motion of the spectre was not. gradation, or by steps, or moving of tho feet, but by a kind of gild ing,- as children upon ice, or as a. Doat nown » river, which punctually answers the descrip tion the ancients give of the motion of these spectres. This ocular evidence clearly con vinced, but withal strangely affrighted the old gentleman and his wife. Th«y well knew this woman, Dorothy Durant, in her life-timo; were at her burial / and now plainly saw her features iu this apparition. The next morn ing, being Thursday. I went very early by myself, and walked for :\bout an hour's space in meditation and prayer, in the fiold next ad joining. Soon after five I stepped over the stile into tho haunted fiold, and had not gone above thirty or forty paces beforo tho ghosi appeared at the further stile. I spoko to it in some short sentences with a loud voice, whereupon it approached me, but slowly, and when I came near, it moved not. I spoke again, audit answered in a voice neither audible nor very intelligible. I was not in the least terrified, and therefore persisted un til it spoko again, arid gave me satisfaction ; but the work could not be finished at this time. "Whereupon the same evening, an hour after sunset, it met mo again near the same place, and after a few words on each, side it quietly vanished, and neither doth ap pear now nor hath appeared since, nor ever will more to any man's disturbance. Tho discourse in the morning lasted about a quarter of an hour. These things are true,1 concludes the Rev. John Ruddle, ' and I know them to bo so, with as much certainty as eyes and ears can give me ; and until I can be persuaded that iny senses all deceive mo about their proper objects, and by that per suasion deprive mo of the strongest induce ment to believe the Christian religion, I must and will assert that the things contained in this paper are true. " —" Cassell's | Saturday's Journal." 