BRITISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS. One of the Church ships which daily cruise in the Bristol Channel was recently disendowed of her telescopes, colportnge-bags, and the nautical vest- ments of the missions to seamen chaplain and staff. The mission vessel Grace had returned to her moorings at Penarth, after the pastoral visitation of the crews of the ships seeking shelter in the outer roads, amongst whom the chaplain had been conducting services, prayer-books, and reading-bags, and enrolling missions to seaman vessels to carry on church work at sea. The chaplain and his crew landed for the night, leaving the hatchway well secured ; but under cover of darkness the disendowment took place. The enemy launched a boat from the beach, boarded the Church ship, smashed up the hatch- way, and made off, with with the dis- posables without discovery. This is the first of the Mission fleet' to suffer so heavy a loss, and we doubt not that the Missions to Seamen will be glad to have their Church 'ship re-endowed, and will take precautions against a recurrence of such an outrage There is a good tale told of a certain M.D, who, having purchased a kill or cure practice in a western town, and asked by a friend how he was jogging along in the way of business, " First class," replied the doctor. " I've had one case already ; a birth in one of our first families." " Glad to hear it," exclaimed the friend; "how did you succeed " Well, pretty fair for a start," answered the now pill puncher., '* You see the woman died, and the child died, but hang me if I don't think VU save the old man after all." London papers are usually pretty careful in excluding questionable advertisements from their columns, but here is a speci- men of one of them which certainly calls for the attention of Mr. Stead. " Mrs. and Miss May have left off clothing of every description. An inspection In vited," By latest reports it is proved that lunacy is greatly on the increase in Paris and its environs, but judging from the tone of the newspapers there regarding this country alone, it would " need no ghost to come to tell us that," nor " report" neither. This, of course, is " spoke sarcastic." Seriously, the statistics alluded to are deeply interesting and well worthy of study they are not only surprising, but startling. Up to 1866 the number of female lunatics far exceeded that of male, whereas now the men supply more than one-half the entire number. The married and single lunatics are about equal. When we come to enquire into the supposed cause of this advancing wave of insanity, it is found that excessing drink- ing is the leading one. Yet all writers have hitherto pointed to France as len drunken than England or Scotland. The most important element in bringing about the increase in the number of lunatics is " domestic troubles," which do not come from " money losses " nor " domestic affliction." Therefore, we must conclude that " conjugal infidelity "> alone affords the true explanation. The Comedy of Errors has been produced with extraordinary splendour at the Star Theatre in New York. There are no less than 13 set scenes, and that of the Amphitheatre at Ephesus, with its grandeur of architecture and beauty of colour, groupings and costumes, is said to be one of the most magnificent things of the kind ever seen on the modern stage. But as there is a full baUut chorus, as lightly attired as the female dancers of ancient Greece, and as some of their performances are spoken of as of an essentially voluptuous character, it is to be feared the illegitimate attractions of the comedy outweigh the legitimate powers to please the eyes of the audience. ' It is stated that the Baroness Burdett Coutts have withdrawn her financial support from Mr. Henry Irving, for some reason which has not been made public But he must be a sufficiently wealthy man at this time of day to render himself quite independent of it. He has just presented a valuable collection of old editions of Shakspeare and of memoirs and anecdotes of Shaksperian actors to the town of Stratford-on-Avon. The Pall Mall Gazette, remembering that it is a paper written by gentlemen for gentlemen seems really anxious to cater for the most refined fates of its cultured readers, and has therefore came out with a delightful paper on hanging and hangmen, in which the relative advantages of long drops and short drops, with their attendant consequences of dislocation and strangulation, are discussed in a light and chatty manner, quite in consonance with the humour and whimsicality of the subject. The article gains additional charm from the effect of its being written by an expert. Bell's Life observes, the Pall Mall is clearly an enterprising journal, and we may look for developments of this new and pleasing kind of journalism. We shall await these developments with interest, as we do not see what can be produced after the contributions of the processes and the hang- man, which will have sufficient literary grace and novelty to avoid being an anti- climax. Seriously though we hope our aristocratic contemporary will renounce these morbid and horrible articles, We hope that the long drop and short drop discussion will be the last drop in our cup of bitterness, and that the Pall Mall people will pay off their expert and drop the subject." It is to be hoped that no tragedy will occur in connection with the splendid dinner that will be given after the marriage of Prince Waldemar and the Comte de Paris' daughter, at the Chateau d'Eu. The spirit which caused Water, the cook to the Grand Monarque, who killed himself, as will doubtless be remembered by your readers, because something went wrong in the preparations he had made for a tremendous gala dinner that was to have done him honour, is not extinct, A very short time since, Bourdon, one of the most accomplished cooks of this capital, was engaged to provide a wedding lunch at the chateau of the Viscountess Le Provost at tral, and arrived there the preceding evening to make the necessary arrangements for a repast in the near of the daughter of the house. Next morning he went to the railway station to meet the persons sent from his house in Paris to assist him, and returned with them to the chateau.' in the forenoon he was found lying dead in the pantry, with a I couple of wounds inflicted on himself, with a knife, evidently by his own hand. In his pocket was a scrap of paper, on which was written, "No one will help me. I die." It appears that he had quarrelled with his assistants, and fearing that the repast he was to provide would be a failure, he killed himself in despair. Some little curiosity has been excited by the marriage (this time definitive I) of the daughter of the Countess d'Imecourt, sister of the Marquise de Gallifet and the Princess de Saigon, with Prince Hohen lohe-Oeringon. The young lady, it may be remembered, eloped, some months ago, with the charming and accomplished son of Musurus Pasha, Ambassador of the Sultan to the Court of St. James. The countess, furious at the marriage of her only child with a Turk, pursued the fugitives, who had taken refuge at the Turkish embassy in London, persuaded her run- away daughter to leave her husband, succeeded in obtaining from the Pope a decree of nullity for the marriage which she was determined to destroy, kept her sorrowing daughter a close prisoner in a nunnery until she consented to give up young Museums and take another husband, and has now had the satisfaction of seeing this daughter splendidly married, with, a grand seigneur, whose alliance is regarded as satisfactory by the aunts, uncles, relations, and friends of the bride. The Prince of Wales is the intimate friend of the two aunts, and on the best terms with the whole family. On the afternoon of his choice little feast, the host summoned the boy in I buttons, and sid, " Now, John, you must be careful how you hand round the wine." "Yes, sir." "These bottles with the black seals are the best, and those with red seals the inferior sherry. The best sherry is for after dinner, the inferior sherry you will hand round with the hock after soup. You understand-hock and inferior sherry after soup." " Yes, sir ; perfectly," said the boy in buttons. And j the evening came, and the guests came, and everything was progressing admirably till the boy went round the table i asking of every guest, " Hock or inferior sherry V Everybody took hock. A most " lamentable'cjmedy," which casts a curious light on certain character- j istics of French life has, according to the fyfe News, been recently enacted in one of the suburban cemeteries of Paris On the occasion of the recent annual visit of the French people to the tombs of the dead, a young in now arrived at the monu- ment erected to the memory of her dead husband and she prepared to place some , fresh flowers and coronets on his grave. Whilst engaged in this highly meritorious action, she was suddenly surprised to see a young woman of about her own age, and of a very prepossessing appearance, whom she immediately recognised as of the playmates of her own and of her husband's infancy approach the grave, and also prepare to bestow it with winter flowers. The widow at once arose to the height of the situation, and indignantly cried, " Oh, you were the woman, were you, that was the cause of all my trouble, and enticed my husband away t " and she fell upon her rival like an enraged lioness. A desperate tooth and nail encounter raged between them for several minutes before the tomb, during which the, flowers and immortelles which each had brought to deck the grave with were scattered to the four winds of heaven, and trampled beneath their feet. The piercing shrieks of the combatants as they warmed up to their work brought the keepers of the cemetery and others to he spot, and the two rivals, who had in the meantime done a considerable amount of damage to each other's faces and dresses, were separated with some difficulty. They shortly afterwards left the cemetery. < Under the phrase of "Our Future Masters, a writer in the current number of the Fortnightly Review, recounts count- less experiences, with a highly discourag- ing result, in his efforts to be of some use to the larrikin CASES in London) so as, if possible, to train them or turn them. into good Christians and good citizens. He found a chief preliminary difficulty in their want of comprehension of the com- monest biblical terms. For instance, in order to impress the cardinal need of repentance, a process utterly incomprehensible to his pupils, he asked, " Have you never seen two in n quarrelling, and heard one of them say, " I'll make you repent this V " To be sure they had heard that often enough " " Well, what did he mean ?" Two or three answered at once. " I'll punch your 'head," a translation altogether too free for theological purposes. General Grant was a great believer in luck (says the St. James Gazette), and certainly his own memoirs tend to justify him. He became, ruler of one of the greatest civilised States of the world. He I wielded armies larger than those of Napoleon, and was victorious in the most gigantic campaign of modern times. He has written his name in history, and he enjoyed during his lifetime the reputation of a great administrator and a great general and now he has won posthumous fame as a successful author. He did not care for soldiering, and he did not care for politics and during the earlier part of his career he was constantly trying to get upon a line which would have rendered it almost impossible for him to become a statesman or a general. Fate, however, J seemed determined to help on Grant in despite of his own efforts. The unsuccessful farmer and land-surveyor was pushed from one command to another, and finally placed at the head of a mighty army engaged in crushing down by sheer weight of numbers, a beaten and diminishing enemy. That so mediocre a person, so little favoured by birth, talent, position, or external advantages of any kind, should have attained such exceptional success in life is an odd instance of the I caprice of fortune. 