The Lost Bear Hunters, CnAPIEE I. It waa Deoembcr in the early part ol tho present century. Tho winter had ootnmonced in good earnest, althonght the fall of snow waa lees than usual in'Oinada. Time has wrought changes in tho district of London, Ontario, sinoo then. At tho dato of our story it was very thinly peopled ; tha settlements . wero few and far between. Facilities for emigration woro fow ; there wero no ateam ships to bridgo tho Atlantio; railroads had not been dreamed of; the Britiah government were lees liberal with land-grants, and tnero were fewer inducements for that varied ontor priiio whioh ia now making the wildornoaa to blossom aa tho rose. Somo gentlemon 'in reduood oiroum stancos,' whom necessity had driven to' seek to repair their fortunes in the land of dcop Bnowa and long winters, had obtained posses sion of h'.rgo traots of land, whioh they sought to let at a very low rental to tho poorer claaa of settlers, in order to found for themaolvea or their BUooeBSora extensive estates aa landed proprietors after tho English model. Me. T ? held ono of theso extonsivo tracts, almost equal to a modern-sized oounty in dimensions. Among tho few who accepted his termfi aa settlors wero John Howay and Thomas Nowlun. Howay was an English man by birth, and had been Borne years in Canada. Nowlan waa an Amcrioan, and had Bpant tho wholo of his life as a bnokwoods man, whioh mcana that he waa inured to all kinds of diffioultioa and dangers, and that ho wa? not baking in tho ordinary rcaourooa of a man who hhd spent his best years in tho wilds. Howay, though a young man, was past tho middle ago. Eirly olio Dcoombor morning Howay started from his log hut for a day at woodcutting. Besides his axe, he had hia gun and hia dog Lion. Ho soon discovered tho traoks of threo heart), which they traced to a large tree threo milcR distant. Bears aro not oomfortable neighbors ; and cows and shoop and piga aro not safn within their reach ; besides which, their bIiiiih could bs utilised for various pur pooco; whilo, if young, thoir flesh would provo an acceptablo addition to tho win tor's stock of food ; and, moreover, tho fat, if not sold for bear's groaso, would bo useful for many othor purposes. Perhaps it was hia eagcrnesB to fleouvo ono of tho bears, or oven all threo, as hia own prize, whioh led him on to immodiato attaak, instead of returning to the settlement tor help, as bo should havo done. He began, therefore, nt onoo to out down tho tree. But aa tho troo waa ot loast ? sixteen feet in oir oumfarenoo, this waa tio light work, It waa ?needful, to-), that ho should koip a roo.1 look out, in CiV-! liia tnovumentHnhould didiiib the bears. This hn bogan to do, but, Blackening hi* aUontion, ho waa presently put on tho alert by tho fall ot a largo piece of bark. L joking up into the treoho di^oovorod, to hia no email oonBtcrnntion, tho largest of tho boars deacending tho troo, tail foromoat. Tho appearance of tho boar warnod him to pre pare for tho worst ; bo putting down hia tua, ho soized hia gun, with tho intention of firing. Sooond thoughts, howovor, led him to hesi tate. Ho might wound but not kill tho ani mal, and bo exasperate him, and increase hia own danger. Whilo ho waa thua duliborat ing, tho bear had noarly ruaohed tho ground, whon the dog Bet up .such a furious barking that tho bear worked swiftly up tho two again. Oa reaohing tho top of the trunk where tho limb.i branched out, ho paused, and turning round, survoyed both man anddog with a fijreoneas whioh waa truly alarming. noway wished now that ho had nought the help of his neighbours, for hia position seemed moro and moro perilous. lUllying hi* courage, however, ho eeizod his gun, and lodged a ball in tho animal's neok, whioh brouglit him lifolena to tho ground. But, strange to say.thiB suocesa rather excited tho fears than stimulated tho oourago of Howay. Ho could not mako suro of killing tho othere, and in turn he might bo thoir proy. Instead, therefore, ot felling the tree, he made the best of hia way to oall in tho aid of aomo neighbor. Ho returned with two men, three dogs, and another axe. Tho tree was soon out through, but in falling, it struok against another, and broke off juat about tho middlo, at tho identi oal part whero-the bsars had stationed thorn selves. Stunnod and confused, the animals ran bo oloso to ono of tho men that he actually put the muzzle of hia gua oloso to the Bhoulder of tho larg -e boar, and lodged two balls in its body. Tho othor mado off and eaoapod un hurt, wl-.i!o tho doga engaged the wounded one until ho shook thorn off with their flesh badly to:n. It w.%3 now noarly sunset, and the men re turned to their homes for tho night. The next morning, Howay was again on the traok of the bearB, having now only one oompanipn, Thoraaa Nowlan. They woro provided eaoh with a riflo, an azo, about six ohargea ol powder, and bread and meat sufficient for ono meal, hoping to bo back before nightfall. Tho mannor of hunting boara in Canada ifl that ot traokinR thoir footatepB through tho nnow to their winter rotroatB; and the knowledge that theso tracks sometimes talto tho hunter forty or even fifty miles from hia starting-poit.t, should have forewarned tha men to have been better provisioned, know-, ing also that their return must bo on their own footprints, and that if there should oomo a thaw, or a snowfall, thoy would be left with out a trail of any kind. . The 12th Daoombor passed, and tho adven turous huntsmen did not return. Tho r.oxt day, and the next, came and whent in like manner, and still thoy did not appear ; (ha only tidings of them being that about two o'olook on the 12th they had been observed orosBing a river, whioh, in accordance with the name of London given to the district, i called the Thames. It ia a considerabl river, and flows in a dirootion Bouthwestby west into lake St. Clair. Their friends and neighbours now became alarmed, and oonoluded that they had perished with hunger and oold, or had been killed by the wounded boar. A son of tbo proprietor of the district, under whom some of them held their farms and lots, thercforo assemblod a largo party of the settlers pertaining to the tnwnnhinq rtf Tinnrlnn nnrl NftSRnurL with the purpoao ol Beokin'g tbo lost men. They doubted not, howovcr, that they had fallen a prey to the weather, even if thoy had escaped harm from tho bears, for the cold was intense, thoir olothing waa Blight for the winter sea apn, they had no tinder box, and wero en tirely without means of any kind to protect them from the severity of tho weather. The party in quest prepared themselves in every way for their hazardoua undertaking. Thoy stocked themselvea with provisions, pooket oorapaspes, trumpets, abundance of ammuni tion, Bullnicnt olothing, and tho apparatus for lighting fires ; and, in addition, they took with thorn some of tho best dogs in tho country. There was one thing whioh added to their diffiaultica— a thaw had taken place, and the snow had wholly disappeared from tha ground, exacting in low and swampy situa tions. Thoy had, thercforo, no tracks what ever, and no idea of tho direction tho lost men might have taken, only tho hint obtained from the men who had eeon them oroaaing the river on the day of their departure. They had, as a oonacquenco, no very sanguino hopes of finding thorn. Thoy oontinued their searoh, however, for two days, exploring thousands of acres of forest and swamp, where tboy saw no traco of tho foot of man. Giving up all hope of finding them, either living or dead— for they had not onoe aomo upon their traok — tho party returned homo. There was ono consideration whioh tended to mitigato the distress ot the situation, to render the event less distressing than it might have been ; the men had no family, bo far as waa known, to mourn their loss, or to suffer by their death ; it waa simply the neighbours who were grieved by^hfu°si& «viu ^jflnrdi'onV whiabJVitayoonoludod Howay and Ndan had 'oomo to. ? Thus day following day, and Christmas morning dawned. Young Mr. T ? waa juat in tho aot of despatching messengers to tako an inventory of tho property of the lost men, when the news ruaohed him that thoy had re turned a fow houra boio«, alive, but in a con dition ot tho most utter wretohodnesa. As soon aa possible, therefore, he went to see them, bcipg anxious to know for himself that they wero roally alive, and to hoar from th'em an aooount of their adventures and sufferings. It was a sight no ono ncod wiBh to seo, nor, having once scon, to behold n seoond timo, They wero apeotaclos of woo and misory and wrotohedneaa almost boyond deaoription — thoir garments torn, thoir countenancaa emaci ated, their eyos sunk, thoir flesh whitorcd away, and their wholi apponrano more like spectres than living men. They were only the ghosts of thoir former selves, and to oon vorso with them Beomed like holding intercourse with tho spirits ot tho de rmrtnrl. Thair nrivationa and sufferings had been so great, that the reoord ot them sooms more like romance than sober history ; thoir protraoted endurance waa so astonish ing, and their dolivar.vnoo bo rorairkablo, that it may be aliko interesting and profit able to listen to a relation ot their adven tures. ? . ? ? ( CHAPTER II. It was on tho 12 th of Deoomber, that Howay and Nowlan started in pursuit ot tha bear. They soon oamo upon hia traok, whioh they followed in a north-woBtorly direction for at least twenty miles, whon night oamo on. With difficulty thoy Buoosedod in making a fire, getting a light by placing a pieoa of dry linen on the pan of a flint- look gun whilo flashing it. Supporloaa thoy lay down to rest, and Bleeping thoy spent tho night, whioh waB exooodinRly oold, its rigour being moderatod by tho warmth of thoir amplo firo. At day light, after broakfasting on the small frag monts romaining from yeaterday's dinner, they started again on tho traok of the boar, their faithful dog having shared with them the orumbs of yoBtorday. Tha boar's traok now booamo very much involved, winding and doubling in a manner bo perplexing that, about noon, whon they must havo proceeded twenty milea, they reaolved to give up tho ohaso; for having no compnnn, and tho sun not boing visible, thoy wero unablo to dis tinguish north from south. Thoir oondition waa moet perilous ; in tho depth of winter, without food or shelter or any knowledge of their relative position, lost in the bound less forest. To make matters worse, a thaw had sot in; tho enow was difloppoaring^ond the rain waB increasing hour by hour. Thoy now recollootod that in tho onrly part ot the day they had crowed tho track of another boar, which they thought might lead them to eorao settlement. Tnoy hoped, too, that H it did not conduct them to thn abodoB of mon, it might lead to tho l.nnr's retreat, and that if they wero successful in killing him, its flouh would aff jrd thorn food, and its skin sorvo as a bed. Thoy followed tho traok, therefore, until thoy lost it by reason of tho molted snow. Wtttt to do or what course to tako, thoy did not now know. Hunting tho boar gave plaoo to nn effort to ward off starvation and to got homo. They soon found thawsclvea on tho bank of a Bmall river, which they conceived to bo a oonfluent of tho ThamoH. Hera thoy poH3P,d tho seoond night, at tho close of a day ol hunr/er, disappointment, vexation, and fatigue. Tho situation was droary enough. It rained in torrents, and their only nhelter was a few strips of bark. Tho wolvea howled around them, and the tempest was so f'wrcotlmt treea wero torn up by tho roota and strewn around in wild oonfii8ion. Tim poeno waa unohangod when morning bioko. About noon, tho vio lence of tho storm abated ; but tho rain fell relcntleBsly tho whole of tho day, whilo the oold was unabated. They again pursued thoir journoy, still sustained by hope, lowarda sunsot, Howay fired at a partridge, but missed it, and they wont aupperleaa oneo moro. Ok tho fourth day, thoy felt tho panga ol hunger, so that thoy oould have eaten almost anything, and their thirst was bo inaatiablo that they wero aonipollod to drink overy fow minute?. Sixty hours had now elapsed since they had tasted food, and the appalling idea ot doath by starvation forced itself upon them. Just before sunset, Nowlan succeeded in shoot ing a partridge, half of whioh they consumed for supper, and devoured tho othor halt for breakfast tho next morning. But so ravonoua wore thoy that, aa thoy afterward declared, thoir hunger was no more appeased by oating thia bird than it would havo been under ordi nary oiroumstanccs by swallowing a cherry. Littlo moro than ono ohargo ot powder was now left them, and thia they determined to reserve for lighting fires ; for, as the frost had now again sot in, exposure for a single night without firo would result in speedy doath. Tho fifth night was oxtremoly cold, and Nowlan found in tho morning that his feet were badly frozen. But this was not all. To the exoruoiating tortures of frost bitton feet were added an unappeasable thirst and burning fever. Hithorto, they had walked or rather run, from sunriee to sunset, doing about fifty miles a day ; but now it was with great difficulty, and with almost unbearable pain on the part of Nowlan, that thoy accom plished half that distance. ' On tho afternoon of tho sixth day, tho_ sun appeared for a few moments, and convinced them that they wero not on the banks of the Thames ; and aa thoy had crossed that rivor to tho north, tbey oould only oonolude that they were on ono of the rivera whioh flow either northward into Lako Huron or west ward into Lako St. Glair, In either oaso they would bo a long distance from home, and in a region then unsettled by white people. Still aa it led somewhere, they ohose to follow its course, as it might conduct thorn to some Indian settlement. In a ahort time they discovered a boat on the opposite aide of the river, and, a little further down a oanoo. The appearanoe ot these oraft inspired them with tho hope that there might be some human habitations or fellow-oreaturca near. But after travclliug several miles, they came (a iKn AnnniiiLinn fViof I.Vin VtAtlta Ylflri YinAH driven down the river during the recent thaw and storm. They were just commencing to out down a tree for the night's fire, when they obaervod a Btack of hay a short distance be foro them, an their side of the river. The hayatack oonvinocd them that they wero near aome settlement, and it afforded them a comfortable bed for tho night, where they slept soundly for Bemo hours, which was tbeir first proper sleep since leaving homo. Il2- frothed by their repose, they started with new energy, still keeping the bank of the river. The dog, however,, tbeir faithful companion hitherto, oould follow them no longer ; when they started, ho Btapgcred a few paces, and then fell. Tho guawings of hunger suggested that they should kill him to help to nuatain their own life ; hut humanity, and affection for tho oompanion which nan servod them with euoh fidelity, got thn better of all Buoh promptinps. They had liRrdly proceeded a mile on their journey, this seventh morning, when a new difficulty Appeared in the nhnpe of an impastiblo swamp, which oompelled them to leave the bank of tho river and Btriko out into the pathless waste. They walked all that day and tho next, and about four o'clock on tho ninth day thoy oamo upon the traokfl of two men and a dog. Hope leaped to the oonoluaion that they wero now near some Bottlement, and that thoir toils and sufferings and tho withering hunger would soon be over. Alas I they wero doomed to disappointment. Aftor following the traoka for some time, thoy wore brought to the very spot where they had rested a few nighta before. Tho footprints were thoso of their dog and themselves. Despair now Boomed to lay firm hands on them. They sat down without even taking the trouble to kindle a fire, feeling that it would bo bottejr4o.-^.fra!wniicur|.'.«ti-u-*hiw-.' ?'to' 'seek' to prolong a miserable existenoo. They gazed on eaoh other with countennnaeij full of the most painful emotions ; '(oars flowed freely down their haggard oheeka ; kand thoir ohief dread waa that ono might survive tho other, to die unpitiod and unseen. Tho apprehension, too, that their bodioa would bo dovoured by animate, was ono that added point to their miseriea. After thoy had both boon the proy of melan choly for an hour or moro, Howay soemed to regain his compoBuro, and told his oompanion it was their duty still to employ means for their own preservation, aa Ho who gave them being had alose the right to tako away their livoa. Rnueod by those considerations, they Bet about kindling a firo, uaing thoir last flash of gunpowder for the purpose. Thoro seemed then no hope that they oould poaaibly exisi beyond the night ot the following day. Tbo morning found thorn in a stato of apathy ; but they rouaed themselves to pursue thoir jour noy, and at nightfall they reaohed tho hoy ataok whero they had had their only sleep. Tho dog was still alivo, but unablo to rise, and waa a mere skeleton. The dosiro of lifo onco moro rovivod in their breaata, and they ato with ravenous appelito a largo quantity ot tho inner bark of a species of elm. This soon produced delirium, and thoy lay down among tho hay in the grea.tqat raontal agony. By daylight tho next morn ing they woro batter, and w?uld have risen; but recollecting that thoir matoriala for rn^k ing a fire were exhausted, they reBolvedto roll themsolves up in tho hay again and await the hour ot death. Scarcely had thia resolu tion been formed, whou thoy heard the sound of a_ ddw-bel), coming apparently from the op posito Bide of the river. Tho spund of a oow bell, they knew, was a oertain sig/. of a human habitation at no great dhtanoo : they therc foro arose at onoo, aa if gifted with now energy, and soon poroeived a log house, as if recently ereotcd ; but no nign of inhabitant. Thoy oould hardly belicvo their oyep, thinking tho lotf-house might bo, aftor all, a oreaturo of thoir imagination, disordered by long ab etinenoo. At length, oonvinoed of its reality, tboy bogan to aearch for meana to ford tho river, whioh turned out to bo tho Saublo. Finding a crosaing- plaoe, thoy woro not long in reaching tho opposite Bhoro, whero thoy wero mot by a white man and two Indiana, ?who took them to tho houeo of a maninamecl Townaend, who was well-known to them, and from whom they rcoeived every mark of kind ness thoir forlorn condition required. _ Tho ringing of tho oow-boll waa a happy oiroumatanco for them. Tho river flowed into Lako Huron at a point ono hundred milea from any settlement, and they wero only thirty miles from tho lake when, meeting with the swamp, they had inadvertently bent their Btops baok into the woods along their own i track. TowrmendVif log-hut wim-fl'ty miles from tlv u homo, and Kail oiily rrnai.tly been cipctcd luoTacalteprini; ho had diiooverod aomo time before. ' Mts. Towriecrid atlcmlul to tho frozen foo.t of Nowlan ; and aftor thuy had rested and Buffioiontly reoovorod strength, thoy startod for thoir own BBttlismont by tho aid of ft blazod lino— bark taken from trcca with an axo by a previous traveller— and on Ohriatmaa ovo, thirteen days after they had left thom, thoy had onoo moro tho happinosB of ontering their own homed and enjoying tho oomfortso! their own firt'Bidea. ? | 