RUBY. A TRUE DRAMA OF LIFE. t TaEnrE ACTS. Br XX. Author of "Terror-stricken," "The Ebony Casket," "Lover and Husband," " A Dan geroditWasfisid; "-"Sweitheart -and -Wife," "Only a Woman," " Drifted Asunder," &c.;, ACT III. sTemptation-The prime villain-The dupe -The robbery--The tragedy. -In the back parlor of a suburban hotel more justly celebrated, or notorious-take it which way you will-not so much for the excellence of the viands placed for disposal of-man and beast by the generous landlord, as the convenience It affords to the public as a house of call when all respectable places of business are closed, sat Humphrey Daniels and the man Ward. :They were commenting upon the state of their finances generally. The latter looked particularly dull, and was seated with his elbows on the table, and his chin in his hands, staring gloomily at vacancy. He was particularly low at the present time, and in debt. Neither appeared to be in the best of spirits, and Ward had been taunting Daniels with the part he had taken over the affairat Mordialloc. \- "You gave me ten pounds," he was say ing, "to do that dirty job, and I wish to God I had never been in it. You promised me ten more and I never got it." "Well, you shall have it. I am a little low just now-" " You always are." "Not so. 1 have money now and again, and when I have it I spend it." "Well, I wish I never had been in that job." -"Someone had to do it, and you were the only man I could trust." "Why didn't you do the dirty work your self !" '"The reason is self- evident." "1 know. You were afraid." " Well, perhaps I was." "'Why didn't you let the girl alone alto. gather, or keep her when you had her?" -" Well, I mnight have kept her, certainly, but'ahe got to be a drag on me. And my cash'ran out. I had to go. She will get over it, never fear. They all do." "I don't know. She has been ill ever since, and that is two monthe." " What place is she stopping at ?" "At a house in Bouverie street. .A re lative, I believe. They are looking after her there all right." "Well, she can come round, and I'll see to her when I get some money." " Yes, with a book." "No, Word. I mean it. If I can only raise the wind now, I am determined to let her have a handsome thing out of it. You see 1 lost heavily over the Cup meeting, or I in' tended 'to do well by her then. If I had money I could let you have a little too." "I want a lot at present, considerably more than I can see my way to raise, I can tell you." ' \Vell, I can't think of anything. There is De Oase;*I suppose he will do something for the girl if awe don't." " I don't think so. He is going away, al though 1 know he has money." "J believe he has." "Yes, I know it. He has over five hun. dred pounds in the house at the present time.". "Five hundred poundsl What in the name of. God is he doing with all that money ?" "lie is going to take it away to-ilorrow mlorning, to pay somlie nlen ata line, srome. where, wll, haavest uuk work for thl?r wage,. They wele paid -ut cll'heues by' lie luriier sharehulders uw tse callkany, and Ih.- Ciew lot are going to pay up the a. -,ue.. 1iI eaei.": "Thec jntay l uratupin'i" i s?" S"Ye.r I ,an lerk tlere, I a1 kiuw. De Casee loot Iretty. trillyr veer It.luts managed to form a u"'w cuusiiaio'adud they have lote of sugar. They ,are playing up in cash as a guarantee "t good faith." . " ow CIA )ou kiowi he has the mouey iin the house?" " My siater in housekeepig .there,o. a know? and she told sitsie io-iebt-; I wisah I had Sbune of it. I felt as if I could pitch my-. self in the Yarra." . "That's because you have been drinking. it " Oh,. that girl Rutby'£remer? h;au?ts" me like a ghost, If I could.only help.,heri; would not care a9omuhi.. : '?Vell, De,Caeoe ought to beibrought to a sense of like do, n ny spinaso.,, Vh it 'for?' Wioct so ehe oo mnay, ",Xrl 'lie prouised -for I heard hem- that lit uiateer, what happenued,1 ifhe eiuid ever'".' ellby her helicoul'd'. 1...r " . "Welli lie cain do it n would of I codl, Glod kn owe' ` n.r}' "Just sn. And, fi?.1 ereoan your.,plaes I asud caell 1 seould paye.t telligi 'hui' aftei?i?rda?" Ward looked at him fixedly. MIr. Dies. put his hads' in' his;pocket a ridl whistled a few ba,? 'of.a 'opillar air. "A mii?re item to a rich man," he added,,. without looking at the other. "H'e. might losei a maci' in a speculation, and then he would put it down'to the profit and'los ase count." "But it.would mean robbery." *" A great many' thinge do mean robbery, my dear fellow, but we find other words for them. You run into debt without means or intention of paying. What is that but. robbery?, You pay a jeweller forty pounds for.a ring not worthy twenty ; surely he is to all intents and purposes a thief? No man, in my opinion, ever made more than five per cent. by honest trading, and De'Casso must have made more. Upon my word, my boy, when we come to think of it, we would be doing a iighteous thing. How much did you say ?" "Five hundred pounds in an old desk in his room." " And they say temptation is a crime." !!You talk of it as if you were used to asuch things." "' I am used to most things. I am always onthe alert for chances. You colan't put off yofr evil day much longer, my boy. You know how you stand." There was a dead silence for afew minutes, during which Humphrey amused himself at theglass, and the other stared fixedly at the wall .. . . ' The worst is all very well," he said, sunllenly, in a despairing tone, "but how is it to be done " Daniels smiled. Not two minutes had elapsed since the wretched man had said he was not rascal enough to do the thing pro posed. Now he only wanted to know how it was to be done. "Easily enough, my boy. You can pay " yoiir sister a visit. De Caseo is out, I know. He is at the office." "Yes, Iknow." "Come, then. We will talk it over in the open air." Daniels put a cigar into Ward's hand and gave him a light. Trifling as the action ap peared it had its meaning. He wanted to sed whether his haud trembled, and it did not. He wanted to see whether he was sober enough to smoke, and he was. Driven by the stronger will of Daniels, Ward put on his hat and the pair left the hotel together. They went by the back way to the house occpied by De Casse, and entered the kitchen. The honue was apparently empty. They knbcked ioetly at te inside of the door to make certain: , herp',was-no reply. They stepped softly in?tdhe passagejao stood at the foot of the stairs?>? / "Now, Ward," whispered Danhels, "the fates are .with us. _Up,, boy, as quickly as you can;- They-are-out, and jefore they-re turn we will be off." He led the wayv, two'stairs at a time, treading softly, and on tip-toe. Ward fol. lowed, mechanically. He tried the door of the bed-room of De Casse. It opened easily. They closed-it and stood inside. ...... "Now," said Daniels, "a light." - Ward fetched a candle-from the looking glass, and they closed the door and went to the desk. Danieis inserted first the blade and then the handle of a strong knife under the lid. It yielded with a sound that made Ward's heart leap, and he trembled from head to foot. Two leather bank bags of gold, labelled "£100." Each were found at once, .and Daniels' quick eye detected a leather case, which he pushed under sonie papers. "A couple of hundred pounds only," he said, in a disappointed tone.. " I suppose he has the rest with him. But we have no time to lose now. Here, take one and put it in your pocket. Hark I What was that?" i They listened. No sound, disturbed the stillness. "There might be more," 'continued Daniels, pretending to search. "But I don't see-Hush I "I heardl something ! Close the door i put out the light I slip quietly down stairs, and if anyone has come In' wait your chance below, and then go into the kitchen and knock for your sister." * "And you?" "Keep her engaged in a 'oobnversation for a few minutes, and I'll get out of the window and over, the back fence. Meet me in half ni hour at my lodgings.. Quick, now." I Ward obeyed, trembliogly. There was a sound below as of persons rising hurriedly to their feet, and the next moment the door opened, and the figures of two men stood in the Hall. "Whose there?" called out a deep voice. Ward almost swooned in the excess of his fright. i Fetch a light I" called the. voice again. ' There are thieves in the house !" A; little athletic figure bounded up the stairs, candle in hand, closely foliowedby a second, and before the prostrate man could make his exit from the landing he wasseized' by the throat and lay on his back, pinned to the ground under the knee of Cecil De Casse. " Who have we here,' he asked, coolly enough. "Let's have a look, Barnes." The other held the light to the features of the prostrate man. ." Ward, by God I" he exclaimed. And then, as his eye caught the bag of gold which had fallen from the wretchedl man's pocket, le picked it up.." Look, Barnes, L.ok here. This dog would rob me." "Yes," said the other, "" it is true. "But hemay not be alone. ..Take the light and 'look in the ibed-roota 1" - ' Cecil obeyed. He threw. his weight against the door,' and it yielded with a crash. He fell headlong into the room. - As he.rous to. his feet a figure, that of Humphrey Daniels, rushed forward and at tempted to pass. Cecil seized him. On the landing be whom Cecil had called Barnes knelt, holding the prostrate figureof 'ard with one hand, and with the other he held a heavy glass decanter ready to strike if lie moved. It swas an exciting moment. Both men felt the position keenly. Inside the room the sounds of a fearful taruggle were heard. " Curse you I let me go," said the voice of Iani,.ld. ','Never! you thief; give up my property." " Let me gel" or l'l take yiur liife '1" IThey struggled again, then the room was illuminated with a brdliant flash of light, arid tse deafening crash of a revolver report rang t roughe til housee. Barnes fairly shook with excitement, and wavs hair inclined to let his prisoner go. SBut the continued sounds ut the struggle gabg on inside the room showed' that the hidt'hailqiut taken effect. I"Let ne go !". Thie voice wasihoafid riow, a ed the speaker painted with' theexertiion lie Uai"`erwent. .. . Rlound and-round-the:rooi--t?tly went; nsltiutes against one article of furniture 'nd then againtiit6tei'r..... . Then,?catme?the, blifiding" fla$li bfiliiht," a ain (ollwed,,by .the report ofthde"i a the second :chauiber of 'therlida'rh\ ?.ija' d~ charged. ofo . :muo r,-r an l q ,, , Then came a shriek of agony and a "lie'd Barnes could.stand itniiolosge'rJ ,'t'll " Releasing his prisoner, he rushed'ih'tb'tfi' rin i, orerturning:,tho canlle -iii' is dh'ite.?' Hle fell over the dior against?be ofWtli inenineide.: i , ,- , :..m b.Jwomrn o " "Stop'! stop I" called the? thier." Fetchli a light-lDon'tc lee. yblr]mian'gb, foirReavendh a all.,,lbs me-Do Casse'!". The sounds; of lheavy-footsteps' wers h'diiiid lblow?, and:a couple of policemiedn rushe'd:id t the house in time to secure Ward, wh'ov wa' eideavoring tonmake-bhi8~'ay o?tituwhen he houndhe.was fre, e. r ,.. IThe lights" if their ldnterns were naahetd upon the scene... It was nie which none of them soon forgot. The room was in a state of the utmost dis" order. The furniture was smashed and over turned in all directions. The atmoslphere was thick with smoke. On the floor lay the prostrate figure of a. man, his face horribly blackened and scorched with the powder from the muzzle of the re volver, and the top of his head half torn away by the bullet. It was Humphrey Daniels. In the struggle, whilst endeavoring to shoot Oecil, the muzzle of his pistol had been turned against himself, and had been acci. dentally discharged with fatal reault. The constables raised him and carried the body from the room. As they did so, Ward stepped forward, glared horribly at the actors of the tracedy, put his hands to his head, buret'into a fitof maniacal laughter, and fell forward on his face. They lifted him up from a pool of blood which gushed from his.mouth and.nose and cars. Drink, terror, and the terrible scenes he had gone through had done their work, and he had burst a blood.vessel. SAnd an hour afterwards he.breathed his last, .. , accox It. , .. SFirr . years . iaf/r--Wedded happiresrs- 7'he Hospital nurse-Peaceat last. Ivyherry'cottage in' Cirltoi'vas as shusgly al furnished little uida'se asWie would readily find in a long day's walk around the northern suburbs. SThe rooms were furnished .with a costly taste which bordered upon extravagance, and yet was wholly in keeping with the per. feet summer-days of harmony and love which reigned supreme. , Upon two easy chairs in the verandah which opens upon a small flower garden sat tRuby and Cecil De Casse. STime had wrought its changes upopen them both. I He was grave yet cheerful, with a settled calm upon his face which soke of a mind at ease and a constitution unimpaired by the trials of life he. had undergone. : She was calm and thoughtful ; a pale, sad face with a far-off look in the depths of the large cle?' ye, hih :told its tale of great anfferings alllhad undergone in days passed. They had.been r:mrried four months. For wb.e" .t?r.that terrible time of her desertion by Humphrey Danielbs,- t iMdordi*l loc, she had laid upon a bed of sickness, racked with tortures of mind and body which threatened her life in the acuteness of their But she had recovered slowlyat first, then rapidlr; and, realising that her destroyer was no more, had gone forth into the world again with the full determination to live down her sufferiidgesand her cares with a courage and a 'deteimination worthy of a stronger body and mind than her own. She had- met her former lover soon after her recovery. By slow degrees their old intimacy had in creased, and the old feelings had obtained complete sway over them both. He had asked her asecond time to gladden his life kith' her bright presence, and in the forgetfilness of the past, by the absorption of all else in the love they bore for each other, they passed from the cares of the time that now to them both seemed like a hideous dream-into'a quiet settled determination to live'but for the future. And they'hadsuoce'eded. The girl Julia Butler, who so nearly averted the sufferings of Daniels' victim and the'tragedy which shortly afterwards fol. lowed his bhse desertion of Ruby Tremaire, had received a terrible lesson from the events in which ehe'bad taken a part and had under gone a complete change. She sought for and obtained an appoint ment as nurse in the Melbourne Hospital, and by her 'patient watchfulness and her care of the sick had earned for herself a name of which many might be proud and not a few were envious. Ii the better life which had dawned upon her 'witli th'e resolution to do good for her felldow creatures, she showedthat there is, even for the' lowest of us all, a chance of repent. ance offered if we hut avail ourselves of the mercies of a Providence which, though it shhpes' our ends in a degree, will, when we deterriine to walk through the paths of ree. titiude, uphold us in the spirit with a peace of the soul which is beyond the understand ing of those who walk in the paths of the .world'for' worldly motives alone. [THE meD.] 