CHAPTER LXII. '*? fiow THE DREAM CAME TRUE. Shut up alone la her first-class carriage, -IsabelHyda Buffered an anguish aa o! lost Bonis. Fury against herself, remorse, not repentance, seized her. How easily she might have prevented thir horrible end 1 On that fatal night, when she had meant to betray Gertrude into flying with Colonel Lennox she had madly lost all by going to London in hia company. She could have remained at the cottage, bribing the woman to silence. She oould have gone to a hotel at Redmoss, and left alone in the early morning train. In her confusion and wrath because Ger trude had overthrown all her plans, she hurried to London in the same carriage with Colonel Lsnhox and allowed him to escort her as far as the hotel. True, she had entered the hotel alone; she had given a feigned name; breakfasted alone, and gone home by that afternoon's train. London had been empty of society people; no one recognized her; felie supposed that esoapade dead and buried. Now it had come come np like a ghost to break her engagement with Lord Douglas, whioh was making a nine day's wonder at her amazing good fortune. Lady Gordon would be obliged to explain to some extent. Lord Douglas would feel him self obliged to explain. Her aunt had finally cast her off. Her family would be furious at her folly, and the wreck of her prospecte. The glories of Douglas and Duneddin grew on her as they vanished out of her grasp for ever. She was taking her Ia3t chance. Her one hope was in the help, the ohivalry, the blindness of Lord Castlemaine. To him she hastened, flying with all the speed of steam through the waning summer day. « * . * * * »? Lord Castlemaine and Dootor Randal were uneasily pacing the terrace. Lord Castlemaine had sent his dispatch to Lady- Cresson. His one hope lay now in wresting the truth from Isabel Hyde. Every hour seemed a year, until he could get on the track ol hia vanished wife. r - i Up the long avenne dashed ahorse, covered with foam, and ridden by a man looking like a public house hostler. Man and beast were breathless, and oovered with dust. The rider held ont to Lord Castlemaine a slip of papeiyrumpled and soiled, torn from a note-book, and hastily written upon with a lead pencil. Lord Cistlemaine snatched the paper and read the line3: .» Terrible R. R. accident, five mileB beyond Radmoss. A lady in firet-clasB. car seriously injured. She i3 in a state of extreme anxiety to Bee you. Come at once. She cannot live out the night." . V > Lord Castlemaine. reeled back against Dootor Randal. ; r . ' " " .. " Doctor Randal, it is Gertrude!" 'v " Who is the lady ? Have you nothing else?" shouted Dr. Randal. The man was still fumbling in hiapooketa. He found the object of his search and handed it over-a card. "It was ia her pocket," he said. . , Oa the card waa:. " ISABEL HTDE." "MMI" shouted Lord'Castlemaine. .'did you sea her ? Wa3 she dark ?" "I don't know-yea-I saw her-yes, she was dark and handsome. It is her spine, my lord. She is quiet, and don't suffer; but Bhe is goin' fast. You'd better hurry yourself I" "HorseB! horses 1" roared Lord Castle maine ; " the two fastest horses 1" The groom3 sprang about in the stables, and in five minutes two swi£t, blooded horses, Impatient for the road, were ready for Lord Castlemaine and Dr. Randal. Tboy leaped into the saddles, and were away like the wind. The sun had Bet; the moon had risen; the world was still in the balm and dew of the summer night; the insects whirred and chirped ; sohly from the distant woods called the sad whip-poor-will, or chanted the nightin gale ; and still over the broad, hard road thun dered the feet of the horses, as Lord Castle maine and hia friend went to her who was £ying in her wasted youth, and so unfit to die. They reschcd the "place At last-tha turn in the road where there had been a collision. Cause-a neglected switch. More remote cause-a Bwitch-tender asleep. Still"more remote cause-a human being overworked for seven days in the week; given a pittance; shortened honra of rest; length ened houra of labor. T'reated as a man? No; as a machine. Well, the machine breaks down; the man falls asleep. Asleep ? Bather into ooma, Who is to blame ? Some one is to blame. See this wrecked train; see all these dead bodies The jury will blame and puniBh the switoh-tender. High Heaven will blame the company who overworked him; and this blood and his blood will be required at their hands. Here is the cottage where Isabel Hyde has been oarried.. A couch has been' drawn into the centre of the room, made as easy as possible, and on it lie3 Isabel Hyde, the shadow of death already quenohing the fire of her great black eyes, and smiting the lately splendid color from the cheek of society's Bad Rose. Lord Castlemaine and Dr. R\ndal entered. "Isabel," said Lord Castlemaine, bending to take her hand, " Heaven only knows how grieved I am to see you like this 1" " You will be sorry about me, Lord Castle maine ?" said Isabel. " Yes; words cannot tell how I shall grieve that you die eo young and so suddenly. - " And you will stay with me until I die i" .. " Yes, Isabel." " It is more than I -could have expected; and it is better. What was there left for me to live for ?" said Isabel. The women of the house withdrew.. Dootor Randal went out and spoke with the doctor who was attending theinjared, then returned and made some slight examination of Isabel; more was not needed; her fate wa3 on her face. "Miss Hyde, do you know your state?" " Yes, I know," said Isabal. " And what can I do for you, Isabel, now or hereafter ?" said Lord Castlemaine. " You can listen to what I have to say," said Isabel. " I sent for you for that.. -1 Bhall shook you, Lord Castlemaine; but do not leave me for that." " I will not leave you. I have promised." " Say, before I begin, you forgive me.'1 _ " I-forgive you," said Lord Castlemaine. " Think back to when we first met. I know you liked me; you liked me better than all the rest; I saw it. At first I acted toward you merely as ambition, and Aunt Cresson's orders to make a good match dictated. But I grew to love you. I, who had never oared for anyone, whose heart was cold to parents, brothers, sisters, friends, I loved for the first time, and I loved you-oh, how madly 1" " Hush, hush, Isabel I" said Lord Castle maine, deeply pained. " It ia too lato to mind now," said Isabel. " Let mo go on. You never spoke or acted love, but there was no one you preferred, and I hoped-until yori met Gertrude, and 7on loved her at once, wheif"you had known -.o so long I I tried to win you away, but u unheeded my efforts to charm you; you *e not to be won. I hoped to the last np^d until I atood first brides-maid at your wedding, and there I snore to part you-at any price." . ? " Isabel 1 Isabel! .are yonmad ?"; cried Lord Castlemaine. - * " This is the hour of truth. I pretended strong friendship for you both. It was love for yon, hate for her." " My poor Gartrude 1" moaned Lord Castle maine. " She was wax in my hands; so were you. I made the little quarrels between you; I made you jealous, and roused her pride, and made her headstrong. I introduced Colonel Lennox to her. I told her you were meanly jealous, and that he was the best of men. I planned meetings for them, sending him word wherever she should be, and she never knew it. I forced them together. I saw he" loved her; she never dreamed of it. I asked him to lunch at your house; I arranged the tableaux 1 I telegraphed him to meet us at Bath. I goaded her constantly, to resist you. I read to him, and loaned him all her letters from Neatb. I told him to follow me to Neath, and he should see her. I planned meetings which were surprises to her; and I tried in vain to rouse in her love for him. She was his friend-only that-just aa cool and calm to him as a woman of snow." " Ohf Gsrtrude, my darling! my injured darling 1" wailed Lord Castlemaine. " Gertrude furiously resented the hour when he passed beyond calm, respectable friendship into a plea for love. She resolved never to see him again. He wrote her-the only time. In her distress she burned the letter, fearing your jaalous rage. It was to me she told your threat of separation, your order to go to East dale. It was I who painted to her the dis grace of separation. I told her you would rob her of her child. I planned to fly with her to France. I told her we could hide in the South of France until you came to her terms. I had hired the carriage, brought it to the . NunR' Gate.' I put tbe glove, picture, and handkerchief of Colonel Lennox in her room. I took her to the carriage. I had arranged to leave it on a slight excuse, have Colonel Lennox silently take my place, and go with her to Dover-to Calais-before he revealed himself. I knew a flight with him would never seem innocent, and you would divorce her. I hoped you would turn to me. I cannot tell how it waa-I had led, ruled Gertrude all along-at the moment I left her in the car riage she took her future into her own hands. The oarriage dashed off furiously. She wag in it alone. Colonel Lsnnox and I were left standing in the road. We went at once to London. That night journey with him has sinceprovedmy destruction. I was seen, recog nised." (To Ve eeniinwi.)i 