TALES AND SKETCHES. JESS. , BY H. RIDER HAGGARD, 'Author op "Kino Solomon's Mines." Cutter XXXII.— He Siiat.l Die. ."Tbo night was still and very (lark. A soft told rain, such as one often gets in tho Wuk- kerstrom and New Scotland districts of the Transvaal, and which more resembles a true north counirv mist than, nnythiue else, was falling gontly but persistently. This condition Df affairs was as favorable as possible to their tn'erprise, and under cover of it the Hottentot and tho white girl crept for down tho hill to within 12 or 14 paces of the back of the waggon house. Then Jautjd, who was leading, sud denly pnt back his lmud and checked her, and Us ho did so Joss caught the sound of a sentry's foosteps as ho tramped leisurely up and down. For a couple of minutes or so they stopped thus, not knowing what to do, when suddenly |r man came round tho comer of tho bnildiug holding a lantern in his hand. On seeing the lantern Joaa's first impulse was to fly, but Jantjd by a motion mado lror understand that the was to stop still. The man with tho lantern advanced towards tho other man, holding the light above his heal, and looking dim and gigantic in the mist and rain. Presently, he turned his face, and Jess saw that it was Frank Mailer himself. Ho stood thus for a moment Waiting till tho sontry was near to him. "You can go. to your suppor," he said. " Come back in half an hour. I will bo re sponsible for the prisoners till then." The man growled out an answer something abont tho rain, nnd then depnrtcd round the end of the building, followed by Muller. "Now then, come on," whispered Jantje ; ''.thero is a hole in tho storeroom wall, and you inay bo able to speak to Missio Bcssio." Jess did not require a second invitation, hut Supped up to tho wall in five seconds. Passing per band over the stonework sho found tho uir poifl which she remembered well, tor thoy used jo play bo-poop there as children, and was about to whisper through it, when suddenly tho door ftt the other end opened, and Frank Muller entered, bearing tho lantern iu his hand. For u moment he stood on the threshold, opening tl'u snue of 'ho lonicrn in order to increaso tho A i. ,, a' Wtts fr> attd ho had a cape of nark cloth thrown over his shoulders, which soemod to add to his great breadth, and tho thought flashed through tho mind of Jess ob ft i . k'ra through the hole, and the JJjj s'ruc upon his face and form, nnd fk , own '"s golden beard, that ho was joe most magnificent specimen of humanity sho ? cvcr scen- In aupthcr instant ho had jtunea tlio lantern round and revealod her dear uster Bcssio to hor gaze. Bessie was seated pen ono of tho half empty bags of mealies, Apparently half asleep, for sho opened hor wido ua eyes and lookod around apprehensively liko no suddenly awakened. Her golden curls were jtt disorder and fallingovorlior fair forehead, and er laco was very pale and troubled, and marked nneath tho eyes with deep bluo lines. Catcli- J" 8 . , visitor sho roso hurriedly and treated as far from him as tho pile of sacks nan potatoes would allow. What is it ?" sho said, in a low voice. "I answer. Why do you como to Mrraont mo nga'n?" P'nced tho lantern upon ail upright sack ,M' ?nd rerofully balanced it boforo bo one oreu. Joss could seo that lio was taking Umo to consider. bl.'rmf 3. recnpitulatc," he said atlongth in liTv. . "ii!-T01C0, " 'Tlio. position i® this. I »ntin 5 morning tho choicd between cou- vn„. ?j n,,arrylng mo to-morrow, nnd seeing Lnri UUcl and benefactor shot-. Furthor, I nun-v 'tt t 'f you would not consont'to marry mo yonr nnclo should bo shot, and that I tb«cA.» Jou mine, dispensing with ilwd!|UOn of raarriaK- Is that not so ?" ivA» n "J no answer, and he continued, his SingUsbTrd, ll0r faB atUl th0U8htful'-V fore !U0UC0 8ivoa consent I will go on. Bo- Z V,T San ? Bhot according to law ho Your , an, coudemncd according to law. oomnd " 8 u 'r'cd aud bas bcon con oid Bms'iI'1 r r .a"' c,ruel muIJoror fbat you arc," a„i » S bcr head for tho fust limo. track ti! ,?uS''t yon would, through the tth nl.i u13 why 1 had Jon put into to brinr, ' would not havo looked woll took tin? i?iU, ore tho court.'' nnd bo ''This Tiin!. : ?nd oxamincd tho crovioo aire?cf|t .nai1/ 1iuilt'" be wont on in thoro at tbn k ' i, i0 ' 0 '8 another spaco It and hold thn ' I i apd actually camo up to Hght from eloso to it so that the tad nearly bHnflVnv. ' into JoS3'a yos to that tfin iu 8 „r' ®bo shut thom quickly hot botrav v! refected from them should teaaiuod «rii 8nd fbn bold hor broath and 6tl" as the.dcad. In another second f1' twits'1, jrJrtf1011 areangeincstj with the anther. ho took away the light and replaced it on the mealio bag, " So you say you saw it all. Well, it must havo shown you that I was in earnest. Tim old man took it well, did he not ? Ho is a brave man, and I respect him. I fancy that lie w-Ul not move a muscle at the last That comes of Euglish blood, you seo. It is the best in the world, and I am proud to havo it in my veins. ' " Cannot you stop torturing me and say what you have to say ?" asked Bessie. " I had no wish lo torture you, but if you like J will como to tho point. It is this. Will you now consent to marry me to-inorrow morn ing at sun-up, or am I to he forced to carry the sontoncc : on your old uncle into effect?" " T will not. I will not. 1 hate vou and defy you." _ Muller looked at her coldly, and then drew his pocket book from his pocket nnd extracted from it the death warrant and a pencil. "I.ook, Bessie," he said. "This is your uncle's death warrant At present it is value less and informal, for I have not yet signed it, though, as you will see,-I have been careful that everybody else should. If ouco 1 place my signature there it caunot he revoked, and the seuteucc must bo carried into effect. If you persist in your refusal I will sigu it before your eyes, " and ho placed the paper ou the book arid took the pencil in his right hand. " Oh, you cannot, yon cannot be such u fiend,'' wailed the wretched woman, wringing her hands. " I assure you you aro mistaken. I both can nud will. I have gone too far to tnrn back for the sako of ono old Englishman. Listen, Bessie. Your lover Kiel is dead, that you know." Hero Jess behind the wall felt inclined to cry out, "It is a lie!" bnt remembering the abso lute necessity of silence, checked herself. "And what is more," went on Muller, "your sister Jess is dead too; she died two days ago." "Jess dead! Jess dead! Jt is not true. How do you know that sho is dead ?" " Never mind ; I will tell yon when wo aro married. She is dead, and except for your nuclo you aro alono in tho world. If you per sist in this ho will soon ho dead too, and his blood will bo upon yoar head, for yon will havo murdered hiui." "And if I wero to say yes, how would that help him?" she cried wildly. "He is con demned by your court-martial — you would only deceivo mo and murder him after all." " On my honor, uo. Before the marriage I will give this warrant to the pastor, and he shall burn it as soon ns the service is said. But, Bessie, don't you see that those fools who tried your uucle aro only liko clay in my hands ? I can bend them this way and that way, and what ever the song I sing thoy will echo it. Tbey do not wish to shoot your nnclo, and will he glad, indeed, to get out of it. Yoar uncle shall go iu safety to Natal, or stay hero if he wills. His property shall bo secured to him, and compensation paid for tho burning of his house. 1 swear it before God." She looked up at him, and he could see that she was incliued lo believe hi nr. " It is hue, Bessie, it is true — I will rebuild tho place myself, and if I can find tho man who fired it he shall bo shot. Come, listen to me and be reasonable. Tho inau who loved you is dead, nnd no amount of sighing can bring him to your arms. I alone am left, I, who lovo yon bettor thnn life, better than mun ever loTetl u woman hoforo. Look at mc, am I not a pro per man for any maid to wed, though I be half a Boer ? And I havo tho bruins, too, Bcssio, tho brains that shall make us both great. Wo were made for each other — I have known it for years, and slowly, slowly, I have worked my way to you till at last you aro iu my reach," anil he stretched out both his arms towards her. "My darling," ho went on, in a soft half dreamy voieo, "my lovo nnd my desire, yield now — yield ! Do not forco this now oriiuc upon me. I want to grow good for your sake, and havo done with bloodshed. Whan you are my wife I boliove that tho evil will go out of mc, nnd I shall grow good. Yield, and never shall woman hnvo hud such a husband as I will bo to you. 1 will rnako your life soft and beautiful to you as women love life to bo. You shall havo everything that money can buy nnd power bring. Yield for your uncle's 6ako, ami for the sako of tho great love I bear you." As he spoko ho was slowly drawing nearer Bessie, whoso face wore a half fascinated ex pression. As ho camo tho wretched woman gathered herself together and put out her hands to ropulso him. " No, no," sho cried, "I hato you — I caunot bo falso to him, living or dead. I shall kill myself — I know I shall." Ho made no nuswer, but simply camo always nearer till at last his strong arms closed round her shrinking form and drew her to him as easily ns though sho were a babe. And then all at once she seemed to yield. That embrace was tho outward sign of his cruel mastery, and sho struggled no more, mentally or physically. " Will you marry me darling — willyoumarry uio ?" ho whispered, wiih his lips so close to tbo golden curls that Jess, straining licr cars outsido, could only just catoh tho words — " Ob, I suppose so, but I shall die — it will kit! mo." He strained her to his heart and kissed her beautiful faco again and again, aud next moment Jess heard footsteps of tbo returning seutry and saw him leave go of hor. Janljd, too, canght tier by tho hand and dragged her away from the wait, and in ten seeonas more sho was onco mora ascending tho hillsido towards tho Hottontot's Ircnuol. She hod gono to find out how matters lay, and sho had indeed found out. To attelnpt to portray tho fury, the indignation, nnd tho thirst to bo avongod upon tho fiend who hnd attempted to murior her and her lover, and had bought hor dear sister's honor at tho price of her innocent old uuclo's lifo, would ho impossible. All hor weariness was forgotten ; she was mad with what sho had scon nnd heard, with tho know ledge of what had been done and what was about to ho dono. Sho oven forgot hor passion in it, and swore that Muller should novor marry Bessie whilo sho lived to provont it. Had sho bcon a bad woman she miht havo seon heroin an opportunity, for Bossio onco married to Muller, John would bo freo to marry her, btit the idea novor oven outered her miud. What ever Jess's errors may havo boen sho was a self- sacrificing, houorabfo woman, and would havo died rather than tako such an advantago. l're- sontly thoy reached tho shelter again and crept In. " Light a candle, said Jess. 1 J&ulle; fumbled about and Anally struck a match. The bit of candle they, had been using, however, was nearly burnt out, so from tho rnbbish in tlio corner ho produced a box full of "ends," some of them three or four rnchta long. Jess, in that queer sort of way in which trifles do strike us when tho mind is undergoing a sevcro strain, instantly remembered that for years she had been nnablo to discover what be- came of tho odd pieces of tho candies usetl in the house. Now the mystery was explained. " Now go outside and leave me. 1 want to think." The Hottcutot obeyed, and seated there upon the heap of skius, her forehead resting ou her hand aud her Augers run through her silky hair, now wet with the rain, sho began to review the position. It was evident to ber that Frank Muller would be as good as his word. She knew him too well to doubt it for a moment. If Bcssio did not marry him he would murder the old man, as lio had trier! to raurdcrlieratid John, only this time judicially, and then abduct her afterwards. Bessie was tho only prico that ho was prepared to take in cxcliango for her uncle's life. But it was impossible to allow Bcssio to to ho so sacrificd, the thought was horrible to her. How, then, was it to he prevented? Sho thought again of going down aud confronting Frank Muller, nud openly accusing him of her attempted rmtrder, only, however, to dismiss tlio idea. Who would believe her? and if they did believe what good would it do ? She would only be imprisoned and kept out of harm's way, cr possibly murdered without further ado. Then she thought of attempting to communi cate with her uncle and Bessie, to toil them that Johu was so far as she knew, alive, only to recognise the impossibility of doing so now that tho sou- try was back. Besides, what object could be served ? The knowledge that John was alive might, it is true, nerve up Bcssio to resist Muller, but tben the solo result would be that tho old man would bo shot. Dismissing this from her mind she began to consider whether they could obtain assistance. Alas! it w_s im possible. The only people from whom site could hope for help would he tho natives, nnd now that tho Boers had triumphed over the English (for this much sho had gathered from her captors and from Jantje), it was very doubt ful if they would daro to help her. Besides, at the J: est it would fake twenty four hours to col lect a force, nud that would bo too late. The thing was hopeless. Nowhere could she see a ray of light. " What," she said almost nlottd to herself, "what is there in tho world that will stop a man liko Frank Muller ?" And then all of an instant tho answer roso up in her mind as though through an inspiration — " Death V Death, and death alone, would stop him. For a miilnto sho kept the idea in her miud till she wn3 familiarised with it, aud then it was driven out by another that followed swiftly on its track. Frank Muller must die, and dio before tho morning light, Byno other possiblomcaus could tho Gordiau knot bo cut, aud both Bcssio and her old nnclo saved. If bo was dead ho could not marry Bessio, aud if ho died with tho warrant unsigned their uncle could not ho executed. That was the answer to tlio riddle, and a terrible one it was. Bnt aftor all it was just that he should die, for had ho not murdered and attomptcd to mur der? Surely if over a nmu deserved a swift and awful doom it was Frank Muller. And so this apparently helpless girl, crouched up a torn nud bespattered fugitive in the miserable hiding liolo of a Hottentot, arraigned the poworful leader of mon before the tribunal of her conscience, and without pity, if without wrath, passed upon him a seutcnco of extinc tion. But who was to he the executioner? A dreadful thought flashed into hor miud nud made her heart stand still, hut she dismissed it. Sho hail not como to that yet. Her oyes wandered rouud the kenual and lit upon Jautjc"s assegais and sticks in the corner, and then she got another inspiration. Jatiljd should do tho deed. Johu had told her ouo dny — told her, wheu thoy were sitting togcthorintho "Palatial" at Pretoria — the wholo of Jantjd's awful story about tho massacre of his relatives, by Frnuk Muller twenty years before, of which indeed, she already know something. It would be most fitting that this fiend should ho re moved off tho face of the earth by tho survivor of those unfortunates There would be a little poetic jastico about that, and it so rare iu tho world. But the question was, would he do it ? Tlio little man was a wonderful coward, that sho know, and had a groat terror of Boors, and especially of Frank Muller. " Juntjd," she whispered, putting her head towards tho beohole. " Y"es, Miesic," answered a hoarse voice out side, and next second bismonkey-liko face come creeping intq the ring of light, fullowcd by his oven mora monkoy-liko form. " Sit down Ihero, Jautjrf. I am lonely here and want to talk." Ho oboyed her, with a grin. "What shall wo talk about, Missic. Shall I toll you a story of tho timo when the beasts used to speak liko I used to do years nnd years ago ?" " No, Jantje". Tell ma about that stick — that long stick with a knob ou the top, aud the nicks cut on it Has it not something to do with Frank Muller?" Tho Hottentot's face instantly grew evil. " Yah, yah, Missie!" bo said, reaching out a skinny claw aud seizing tbo stick. " Look, that big zugch, that is my father, Baas Frank shot him ; and that next notch, that is my mother, Baas Frank shot her ; and that next one, that is my uuclc, an old, old man, Bans Frank shot him too. All tlioio small notches, they aro when he ha9 beatou me — yes, and otlior things too. And now I will rnuko more notches, ono for tho liouso that is burut, and one for old Baas Croft, my own Baas, whom ho is going to shoot, nnd ouo for Missie Bessie," And without ado ho drow from his side a lnrgowhito handled hunting knife, and bogau to cut thorn then and thero upon tho bard wood of tho stick. Jess know this knifa of old. It was Jantjtf's peculiar treasuro, the chief joy of his narrow little hoart. He had bought it from a Zulu for a heifer which her unclohad given him in lieu of half a year's wngo. Tho Zulu" hail got it from a man who had come down from boyend Delagoa Bay. As a matter of fact it was a Samaii knifo, manufactured from soft native steel (which takes on odgo liko a razor), and with a handlo cat from tho tusk of a hippopotamus. For tho rest, it was about a foot long, with three grooves running the longth of the hlude, and very heavy. " Stop cutting notches, Jontjtf, and let mo Jopk.nt that knifo," He obeyed, aadjiut it into ber hand. " That knife would kill a nun, Jantje," she said. " Yos, yes," he answered ; "no doubt it has killed many men." " It would kill Frank Muller, now, would it not ?" she said, suddenly bending forward and fixing her dark eyes upon the little man's jaundicodorbs. " Yoh, yah," he said, starting back, "it would kill him dead. Ah 1 what a thing it would be to kill him," he added, with a fierce half sniggle, half laugh. "He killed your father, Jantjd." "Yah, yah, he killed my father," said Jantjd, his eyes beginning to roll with rage. ' ' He killed your mother. " "Yah, he killed my mother," he repeated after her. " Aud yonr uncle." " And my uncle, too," he went on, shaking his fist and twitching his long toes as his voice roso to a sort of subdued scream. " But he will die in blood — tho old English woman, his mother, said it when tho devil was in her, and the devils never lio. Look! I draw Baas Frank's circle in thadust with my toe, and listen, I say the words," and ho muttered something rapidly ; " au old, old witch doctor taught mo how to do it, and what to say. Ouce before I did it, and there was a stone in tho way, now there is no stone; look, the ends meet. He will die in blood; he will die soon. I kuuw how to read tlie circle," and he gnashed his teeth nnd sawed tho nir with his clenched fists. " Yos, you are right, Jantje," she said, still holding him with her dark eyes. " He will die in blood, and he shall die to-night, and you will kill him, Jantje'." Tho Hottoatot started, and turned pale under his yellow skin. "How," he said ; "how?" "Bend forward, Jantjd, and I will tell yon how and sho whispered for some minutes into his car. "Yes! yes! yes I" ho said, when 'she had done. " Oh, what a fine thing it Is to bo clever like the whito people ! I will kill him to-night, nnd then I can cut out tho notches, and tho ghosts of my father, and ray mother, nud my nnclo will stop howling rouud mo in tho night as they do now. " 