ftraMler. In Its Ruins. AmrosTsix hundred years before that Birth at Bethlehem whioh gives modern time its index—namely, in 5S2 B C., 4he year when the lethmlan games were restored—a oast of . colonists, swarming oat of Gela, not very far off. founded Acragas,which after wardsbecame, \- as Pindar wrote, 4 the most beautiful city of mortals.' They could not have chosen a fairer spot on all the coast of this fair island of Sicily,:rich as it 'everywhere is in loveliness and charm. Broken and scoentuated ground gave natural ramparts to the city and the ma jesty of domination to the temples; while the wide stretch of blue sea in front brought the beauty and burden of ships to tlie port, which opened its gates to its friends and shut them like a trap against its foes. Jupiter . and Minerva—or, more correctly, Zaus and Athene—were the tutelary deities of the city. The one was Zeus Atabyrius, an awful form of Moloch ; the other was the wise grave goddess worshipped by the Bhodians at Iiindus —from which city came theoriginalcolonists of Gela, bringing their familiar deity with them. We have all heard of Phalaris the tyrant of Acragas, with his red-hot brazen bulls, in which he roasted men alive. Bat we do not ail know that this was not only fromwantoh cruelty; though, as with the Inquisition of later times, much personal "hatred and malice might have been more . mixed up with it ; but that it was . also one form of religious superstition of the kind ' only too common in all faiths. Greek feel- ing, however, did net tolerate human sacrifices. Milk and honey, fruit and flowers, and poor innocent beasts, which at the worst served aftewatds for food, were offered to the . gods, to gain favour or ward off punishment. But save in -very rare and exceptional instances, of which Iphigenia and her subsequent colt are the most notable, the deities of Hdlas were not propitiated by the blood and tears of man. The men of Acragas therefore, soon rose up in honor and indignation , against Phalaris and banished him for his blood-guiltiness; for all that he had greatly embellished the city—always a claim on the gratitude of citizens. Among other thingB, he built a temple to Jupiter Poleius, the 4 founder of cities,' on the sight of which, and in a manner incorporated with while overpowering the older fane, is the Christian church of Sta Maria dei Greci. Thereon, that wise and benevolent despot, whose tomb is still to be seen, was the real star of Acragas. He made that Greek luxury, a spacious fish-pond ; he built the best of the temples, of which the ruins still remain to attract travellers ..from countries then unknown, but now dominant, while-all this majestic past is but a memory and a name; and Pindar celebrated and extolled him, which perhaps is^the firmest holding on immorality that he possesses, m Among others, he built the temple now called Juno Xftcinia; that is, the same Juno'as was worshipped at Lscinum; as a modern Catholic might dedicate achureh to Sta Maria della Catena, or di Geeu, or della Pieta, &e.;, always the same goddess, but with specialised attributes. It was for thi3 temple tbat Zeuxis painted his famous picture of Juno, taking for his models the five most beautiful virgins of Acragas, and producing a masterpiece such as the world had never seen before. But the foroes of nature, like tbe passions of men, have no respect for works of art, whether in paibt or in stone. Earthquakes and storms, winds, frost, and fire did their' work of destruction on all these splendid conceptions and perfect achievements of genius; and Saracen and Norman completed the ruin which Cartha giniart and Banian had begun. And now weha7e of Acragas, 'the most beautiful city of mortals,' only the uninteresting little townof Girgenti; and the ruins of the anoient temples. But what ruins I Out on the edge.of the rock stands the beautiful and stQl perfect ^skeleton of the Temple of Concord.- It needs no great sketch of fanoy to reoonstruot the past, to repeople the void, to call back from that dim and misty. Hades where the pale ghosts wander mournfully, the forms of those who once filled the temple with love, and light, and youth and beauty, with music and song and the fervent prayers of pious souls, asking the benign Goddess of Peace to shed Jier influence over men, and stay both war and slaughter. The beautiful Sicilian girls who were the realisations of the nymphs and younger goddesses, some -singing, some ^playing, others bearing baskets fall of fruits and flowers—their soft feet falling-in'meaeufed tread anil the rhythmic swaying of their bodies making visable music to the eg$; the stately matrons, grander and graver, the Junos, the Demeters completed, to whom life had brought its cares as well its fulfilled joys, its imperative duties as well as its pleading loves ; the young men Scanning the .maidens and falling in love at a glance, as love is kindled into flame by a spark; the husbands and-the elder fathers, occupied, with things and indifferent. to beauty; the poor dumb beasts, garlanded with flowers, and led to the slaughter as offerings to gods slow to save and quick to punish, as even the gentle gods of Greece themselves were:—all 3ile along the paved road and op the marble steps, and range . ihemPelvpR -within the colnmned hall, whioh then had no Christian arches to block op the space. The cymbals clash and clang: the shrill note of the double pipe sounds far and clear; and the echoes of the sacred songs , oome back from shaft to wall in a fall diapason of joyous melody. Who cannot bring back that scene, as - he stands among the asphodels and violets, and forges time and space in memory ? * Father away is that Temple of Juno Lacuna, already spoken of, where the skeleton is by no means so perfect as this, and where the red hand of fire has left its crimson touch on the old gray stones. Farther still are the rains of the Temple of Hercules, from which the infamous governor Verres, lie who was denounced by Cicero in one of his most eloquent orations, attempted to steal the magnificent bronze statue of the god; sending hiB slaves at night to prise down the sacred icon; but failing—as the pious of the time said, by- the miraculous energy of Hercules himself -workeing through his effigy —until the horrified men of what was then Agrigenfum, no longer Acragas, and 6ot yet Girgenti, rushed to the rescue and delivered their deity from. harm. And there is still more ^distinguishable chaos of the Temple of Jupiter—ruined before finished—where the great caryatid lies prone on tbe greensward, like one of the old gods despoiled of his glory disjointed, broken, destroyed, preserving only the dim and ronghened outlines, but wanting all that made the life and beauty of the faith. Near to these confused ruins is the beautiful* little upright fragment of the Temple of Castor and Pollux, those twin'sons of Leda who stand as tbe emblems of fraternal fidelity, Theair is fell of old-world- memories, and involuntarilythat noble hymn by Theocritus to IbeJHoscnri comes to us like a living sound wafted by strange jnngers across the scented bean-fields—" dear work-steads of the hairy bees"—and shaken like perfame from the flushed brandies of flowering fruit-treeB, and the sweet pale loveliness of almond blossoms. But their Jay is done. Their Temple is but a Mot, precious for architectural grace, and beautiful in spite of its decay; and they themselws.thiB heroicpftir, are as dead as the the^peefiigylyingproBtrate on the grasB. "FareweH yea so? 0 of Leda"—" Castor of the swift steedsand swart Polydeuces," "to whom all minstrels were dear," "the twain •that aid all mortals," "the beloved pair;" "succourera of man in the very thrill of peril, and pf horses maddened in the bloody press of battle, and of ships that, defying the stars that set andiise jn heaven, have encountered the perffohs fara&Wetorms;''— ^ farewell ! The present hasdestroyed the^ast and Judroahas conquered Greece; fraf what fhe iftald lifts lost in sp&tttice; if still retains in spirit, and gratitude for beauty may outlive belief in its-divinity. If Theocritus pervades all Sicily, Girgenti is possessed by Empedocles. Clad in . his purple robe.crowned with lanrel, shod with golden sandals—what was this man? Was he the wise measurer of mortal force, the diligent observer and partial conqaerer of nature, some affirm him to have been ? Was he the self- consecrated seer- and mystic, sincere if also selfdtceived, 'who imagined more than he knew, and who obscured his dearer thoughts by phantasies and his per. ceptions by illusions ? Or was he the cpq< scions charlatan who traded on men's credulity and discounted their ignorance ? Who can say ? He, too, is one of those faces in the clonds for which each observer bas A different form. But whatever he was, he was born snd bred at Acragas, the beautiful city where the gods were housed in glory and worshipped with fervour;' and it was from there that he set ont to seek for immortality in the eternal fires of Etna. And now, what do we find at the modern town and statiop of Girgenti? A country barren of trees but fruitful in grain; uplands as green with sprouting corn aB English fields scenting the air with perfame almost as rich as that which steals from tbe jessamine and orange blossoms of the high-walled gardens; uncultivated tracts full of asphodels and violets, of borage and the garden discs yellow chrysanthemum, of fragrant herbs, and the rarer sorts of our wild-flowers at home— tracts where a botanist may spend his hours in rejoicing. Leaving the country and going into the town, which is set upon the high rock dominating the plain, we find but little beauty. The women no longer " card the soft wool about their knees," as in the days, of tbe prond Eunice, who refused to love at ail that desperate Simsetha who loved too much ; hot they are said to be the most prolific of all Sicilian women, and for a man to marry a Girgentese is to be sure of heirs and the traditional quiver-full. The chief object of interest in the town is of course the Duomo or cathredral, where they show you superb vestments wrought in gold and silver, with garnets and turquoises mixed in with the embroidery; an engraved ivory staff, and two splendid monstrances—the one of gold and jewells in the form of a sun ^rayed and banded ; the other, of silver flowers, with the Madonna's hair in the centre. The plain white-washed oolumnB dividing nave from aisle agree but ill with the florid ornamentation of the highaltar or the bold carving of the roof; and the echo which seems to ran roand the wall like ab invisible flame was once the cause of more heart-burnings than the architect knew when he struok by chance on that fatal angle of incidence. > Ifyonare at Girgenti at Carnival time and go to a veglinoe or masked ball in the theatre yon will see a little of Sicilian manners and something of Sicilian feeling. Among the Savages and the swallows, the gold-horned, red-bodied Fiends, the Sailors and the nondescripts who danoe together with more vigour than grace in the platea, yon will not see one woman. The Sicilian blood is too hot and* Sicilian jealousy too rampant to permit the public and indiscriminate mingling of men and women; and there still exist in these less visited and less continentalised places, strong traces of the Saracenic seclusion of women. - In the boxes, two female masks—the only female masks in the theatre—come down ever and anon, attended by their male companion, to cross the platea for such refreshments as are to be found at the back of the stage. No one Bpeaks to them, and they speak to no one. Even that group of Zulus who respect no man, make way for them: as do those halfdozen Swallows who run in and out with short steps and shrill cries, letting fly live birds as a diversion the more. These two bands are evidently well known in the place. They go in and out of certain boxes-offering bonbons, which, are laughingly accepted, and they dance with less clumsiness and more grace than the rest.- Among the spectators in the boxes are two or three exquisite little masks of children. One curly-pated Lodis XIV., of perhaps the ripe age of three, after making frantic efforts to kiss papa with the intervening mask to prevent contact, is handed about from box to box like a big doll. In one it is the centre of attraction and wor ship to-five stalwart m^n; for Italian men are like women In their love of children, and you will constantly see the father performing what we consider to be essentially womanly offioes for a little child, while the mother stands by looking on complacently. There is a tiny, gold-horned, red-bodied imp, whose delight in his horns is such as one might have expected from a young fawn when he first learned that he could butt that bold kid with his own weapon. For a last word: Girgenti is now absolutely safe. A few years ago, brigands might have been found larking behind the. fallen columns with the snakes and the lizards, and the long gun handy. Now you have only the lizards. The snakes have been frightened away by the throng of visitors; carabinieri keep evil disposed men in check; and brigandage, like the t»ld cult, has vanished into the dust and vapour of things past and dead. The «ditbr feels lone and miserable When he can find no joke that's soissorable Puck. 