100— more. CONGLOMERATIONS. Our readers were invited to suppljr for publication "Conglomerations," in accordance with thefollowing conditions:—1. The poems may be on anysubject and in any measure. 2. The selected words to be used in any order, i.e., not necessarily in the same consecutive order in which they are arranged. 3\. At least as many selected words ate to be used asone-half of the number of lines in the verses in which they are embodied. The selected words wa -e Pain, Palm, Pen. Perfection, Post, Pursue. WE publish the following this week :— Severely worked an author an essay to complete, With others skilled in letters he was striving to cim. pete; With mental pain at length he, disappointed, hears- The palm is now deaied him, yet he, sanguine, nothing fears, But at bis post his course pursuing—with his pen He hopes to gain perfection in his" strife with other men. DEVONSHIRE DDMPLJNG. Palm Sunday night in sixty-four—I can't forget the date— 'Twas then I left my native shore with my- dear loving Kate. Her father hotly did purine, but oh, he was too late; There > oiled between us waters blue; he lost his darling Kate. Kate always trys the past and 'pen to pacify his ire,. Bnt still we stand as we did then with her indignaat fcire. Prifection we may never get; we suffered pain solong; Though Kate and I are happy, yet we feel we acted! wring. YARRA. The wounded knight despite his pain Contrived yon shady palm to gain, There loving friends received him glad, His foes no longer could pursue— They feared the old red, white, and blue,: The colours made them frantic—mad. The General was at his post; 11 e dropped bis pen as if a ghost Had met his clear and piercing eye. Then laughing said perfection, skill, The doctor's art have saved you, still Some other day you're doomed to die. B S. S. THE " AGONY COLUMN."—A young gentleman, on' entering a Berlin tramcar, selected a seat oppositea yt-unn lady, in the contemplation of whose charms he soon became deeply absorbed, while the fair one seemed not altogether insensible to his silent admiration. He was rudeiy awakened out of this reverie by the sudden stoppage of the car, and losing his balance he fell heavily against one of the panes of glass, which was broken by the shock. Onr sentimental passenger had sufficient presence of mind to make his escape during the confusion that ensued and thus avoid payment of five marks, the price of the window. Nest day the defaulter found in the agony column of a leading paper the following advertisement:—" The interesting young gentleman who was yesterday prevented l>y the accident in the tramcar from making the acquaintance of his vis-avis is hereby requested to meet tbe lady to-morrow at 4 p.m. in the B Gardens. Token of recognition, a white rose." With alargewhiterosein his button-hole, and a heart brimming over with joyous anticipation, our Borneo appeared punctually at tbe tryeting-place. Bnt, oh horror ! instead of his expected Juliet there met bim the guard of the tram car with, " First, if you please, those five marks !' The bait had taken ; the money was paid; and he went home sadder if not wiser than lie came.—Damen Journal. Mrs. dfc Bogga—" Did you <ake Johnny to scin', Jeremi'ib5" Mr. de Bo»gs I d d. An excellent scbool it is, Matilda. Xue scholars are models of deportment, the curriculum is first-class, and fie professor a man of ability. At least, that is how he struck me." Johnny (with a groan)-" You ouc it to have stayed about an hour and seen h'w be struck me." P. RHAPS.—A correspondent, writing to the Britiik Medical Journal, says—" It is not generally kno-vn that the muscles of the human jdW represent a power equal to pressure of 125 jb." Gracious! Pertaps this accounts for the difficulty some peopleexperience in holding theirs. 