BISHOP BARRY'S AD YEN T . SERMONS. "AFTER DEATH." At St. Andrew s Cathedral oa Sunday nigat, Bishop Barry preached the first of a series of three Advent sermons. His text was Luke xxiii. 43 — "And Jesns said, Verily I say unto thee, to day shalt thou bo with me in Paradise ;" and 2 Cor. v. 8 — " Wo aro willing to bo absent trom tho body and present with tbo Lord." Tho Pri mate said that tho faith of man in all ages had re fused to stop short at the grnvo. Tbo darkness that surrounded It might ,be impenetrable to reason, but the instinct of immortality lay too deep to bo rooted out — infinitely stronger anil moro vivid tban tbo arguments by which it was sustained. Wlicrovcr man, as in tho old Greek philosophy, had vividly realised his dwn spiritual' nature as sometbing distinct from tho body in which it was enshrined and through which its freedom acted — wherever, with the old Romas moralists, ho had grasped firmly the idea of an eternal law of righteousness which innst fulfil itself to every man more perfectly than could he in the short limits of this confused lifo of ours — wherever, with |tho Jew, lie had profoundly believed, as onr Lord taueht, in an Eternal God, having real communion with man, and necessarily "the God not of the dead, hut of the living" — in all those cases, only in the last with a trans cendent clearness mart' had believed in a future life — the crown aud tho perfection of the present The scepticism of past days and of our own, which laughed away or argued away our belief iu immortality, were exactly those which did not. grasp those threo great convictions— which doubted the true personality, which felt no conviction of a perfect individual retri bution, and which either denied all knowledge of God, or denied that, as the Absolute Being, Ho conld have commu nion with finite creatures. Christianity, which united all those threo convictions — in the Reve lation of the Lord Jesus Christ as the true Son of Man, as the all-righteous and all-merciful Judge, aud as tho Mediator between mau nud God— naturally took up that com mon belief of humanity, and (in tho words of St. John) out of the twilight of specu lation and hopo brouglft life and immortality to light. Every Christian creed, just because it had dwelt on the manifestation of God in Christ — the Father, Son and Holy Ghost — ended with tho glad unhesitating words, "I believe in the resurrection ot the body and the life everlasting." He desired, iu tho three Sundays of the' Advent season, which was so characteristically onward-looking, to speak on the things unseen- — tho state after death, judg ment and heavon. They were not the chief topics of pulpit teaching, which should rightly deal mainly with present duties aud "blessings ; ) but yet, from time to time tho mind would go on to tliom, and that tho more earnestly as we ourselves came nearer to the end and had those whom we loved hettui than our own bouIs on the other side of the dark river. What had been revealed to ns in Holy Scripturo as the morrow after death ? As usual, the Revelation took up the natural beliot of mankind and went beyond it. He could not conceive that any mau who realised in him self a spiritual life, of reason, couscieuce, aspira tion, sustained by any measure of communion with God, would ever believe that in the mere destruction of the bodily machinery the soul itself really died. But to all ancieut speculation, even to tho earlier Jewish faith, the difficulty of conceiving of an unbodied existence had made the future dim and shadowy, and in modern days — now that we understand more fully the action and re-action of body and soul, and noted that in our experience all mental aud moral energy could' exercise itself only through bodily organisation the inference would perhaps be that, as in a swoon or in some form of disease and iujnry,the state of the soul after the death of the body would he a suspension of all action and consciousness — literally that dreamless and un broken sleep to which death had been likened iu the poetry of all ages. The strange and almost grotesque idea, com mon to so many religions, of a transmigra tion of tho soul after a blank of utter forgotfulness into other bodies, was at once a recognition of the difficulty and a vain attempt to sot it aside. But the Christian revelation, while it retained the use of the word " Bleep" so far as 'it.'signified a restful release from the, labors "and,, struggles of life, yet set absolutely aside that idea of an unconsciousness, which - was, a suspen sion of being; aud it did this, as usual, not by any abstract teaching, but by the example of the Lord Jesus Christ Himself. "When He gave up His spirit into His Father's hands, He, in the language of the old western creeds, "descended into hell"— ie, passed (for such was the meaning of the word) into the place of departed spirits till the time came that His soul should not be " left in hell" ; and His own words to the dying malefactor, and the plain words of St. Peter as to his pro clamation " to the spirits in prison," showed plainly that His condition there was not one of unconscious rest. As He was,, so His brethren were to be. For tho faithful expressly — for all by implication— the Gospel distinctly negatived thoiperhaps natural idea of a break of con sciousness. It was not that the soul died nnd lived again, but that it never died ; in some way, beyond the conceptions and analogies of earth, it exercised its vital functions, although the old bodily machinery had ceased to work. What was the character and what the occupa tion of the life of the nnsecn world we conld not tell. We read that our Lord was reigning now in His mediatorial Kingdom till He should put all- enemies under His feet. So the whole course of thisj.world till the Last Day was a preparation !j,for His Second Advent, nnd, as.itwejjwere I called to aid that preparation hero, we were irresistibly iudnced to think that the spirits of the saved were in some way allowed actively to serve Him in that prepara tion. Nor could we bring ourselves to doubt that in the world unseen there was continual progress in deeper knowledge of God in His works and iu Himself — the learning Christ more and more in exalted thought, the utter ance of what Milton called . the uiiexprcssiva nuptial song,. In thejklcst-KIugdoms there of peace and love. But all that was but reverent conjecture ; the veil was not lifted for true knowledge. What, men asked, was the relation of those blessed ones to us twho-|(Were left jou earth? Did they know anything!; of If our life ? Did they think of ns and (love us still ? The last, we could not well doubt, for .surely love could never bo broken by death. But whether they knew onr life and watched over it unseen, or whether the veil was in God's wis dom and mercy impenetrable, for them as for us, we conld not know. Not of thorn, as of the angels, did we learn that "by His appoint ment tkoy succour aud defend' us ou earth." They might pray for us, but we were not taught to ask their prayers or ascribe to them even the power of knowing whether we asked or not. Many of ns have felt the eager and painfnl longing to see, even for a moment, through tho veil, especially if we might bnt know, of those who were as a part of onr own souls, what was their blessedness and whether they still knew and felt for the earthly trials of ns for whom they 'waited. But the very errors of the Christian Church in relation to the saints departed showed us only too plainly that it was better for us not,, to know. If we had the dear Lord Whom we knew to be vyith us, what could we need more ? The departed and wo who remain were equally iu His . hand. Wo knew this, and for the ' rest we could be content to wait. But it was asked, again, "What of those ou tho other side of the great gulf in the world unseen?" On their condition Holy Scripture seemed to refuse to dwell ; the passage in our Lord's parable of the rich man and Lazarus, which spoke of tho rich man as suffering tor ment, was- literally the only passage — and that, moreover, in a parable — which even glanced at it. We might, perhaps, naturally think of it as involving the opposites of things which made up the hlessiugs of Paradise — by tho loss of outward joy ana beauty, of the companionship of the saints aud angels, and of the nearer pre sence of God Himself. But this, again, was but in ference ; we could not be said to know. All the descriptions that had been given of a Purgatory for all the departed, which in one branch of the church had passed through the usual Btagcs— from a mere speculation to a pious opinion, from a pious .opinion to a dogma of faith — were simply human inventions intruding into the things .that had not been seen, and arrogating to the- church on earth a power over the world ou the other side of tho grave. But it was asked agaiu, " What of the whole con dition of tho world unseen ? Is it a Btate of discipline still continuing so that even for those who do not fall asleep in Christ, and especially those whose probation here seems incomplete, and whose character even to the last is a strange mixture of good and evil, there is yet hope ?" On this subject ono thing was perfectly clear — that Holy Scripture did hot encourage us for a moment to rest on that hope. It fixed onr whole attention on two things— the probation of this life and the final judgment of perfect righteousness and perfect mercy. "Work out," it said, "your own salvation now — now is the accepted time, now is the day of Salva tion." All the intermediate state, as it had been called, it" left, j; as it were, in a shadow ; so that, while we knew it to be, we could not seo it so clearly and definitely that it should bo in any sense our encouragement and our guide. It was not for us in any way to dogmutiae on tho Bubjcct and to .limit God's infinite mercy. Of ' Our Lord, when He passed into tbo world unseen, St. Peter gave us one glimpse, aud it was the glimpse of a salvation — " proclaimed to the spirits in ward (or prison) whicli wero sometime disobedient in tho days of Noah," The Gospel was preached (said the samd Apostle) " to the dead, that they might bo judged accorcitng to men in tho flesh, but live according to God in tho spirit." This declaratiou, indeed, was dark witli mystery ; wo could seo that tho spirits of the ante diluvian world to which the Saviour never came on earth might stand in some special peculiarity of probation. But, at least, the sig nification was one of mercy ; it forbade ns to deny what nevertheless we could noc confidently assert — that there was a discipline inttke here- nftor for those who had missed it here. Only, if there were a discipline, it must surely ho like God's discipline on this side of the grave- not wholly or chiefly of suffering (as though sulforing necessarily purified), but, if it involved suti'eriug, yet kecpiug that suffer ing still in subordination, as here, to the mani festation of God's love and of a still remaining communion with Him. It was a blessed thing to us to know that in tho great and terrible chango which wa called " death," there was no extinc tion, no suspension of lifo even for a moment. It was a grand conception to dwell on the great multitude which 110 man could reckon, so greatly outnumbering tho Church ot Christ now on enrthj as already at rest and peace, always growing to the perfection of the Great Dayj and waiting for us. It was of infinite comfort, when one who was part of our own sonl'had gono before, to be able to know that ho was alive now, with a lifo higher and better than the lifo here — not dead, hut simply gone before ; and when our own timo enmu and the darkness gathered round us it would ho our snpport nnd blessing to know— not that nt some dim and distant future we should rise again, but that the moment our eyes closed in death we should ho with tho Lord whom we loved and feel His hand grasp as wo passed over the dark river. 