WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 188G., ^ The Parliament. IN the ordinary course of events, ere this sheet goes forth to tho public, the curtain has £ nilen on the prolonged session pf jPurlia mont, and taking it for all'inàll^it^is one' which we hnve but little reason, to be proud, characterized as it ; haa been / by scenes of disorder and violence almost without parallel in the Parliamentary history of the Colonies ;? and as, according to the old saying-i" where poverty comes in ut the door, love flies'out of ' the window," so in the Parliament, 'all love, respect, and gentlemanly deportment has taken itself wings, owing to the fact, that the Treasury Ghost is almost empty, and that it was necessary to devise some .scheme to' pay our way, and make both ends meet. Of course much of this bad state' of feeling has been brought about by the tone of tbe Metro politan Press, which has mainly been averse to the various schemes of taxation and pro tection brought forwurd, and has thereby; added fuel to the smouldering Parliamentary' fires, while the Members of the Government exhibiting a want of taot on; the one hand, and the Members of the Opposition a want of forbearance on the other,' -has resulted in things getting somewhat mixed. ii)>, so that the .. longest session on record, ends in 4 a shower of fireworks, and is almost burren pf results. Of course much of this »has been caused by the efforts of that grand old man (Sir Henry ' Parkes)'' arirKliis followers to obtain'power, but as their views upon mat ters in general are a. little behind tho age they should be content to play second fiddle' fop a timo, until something better turns np, while as Sir Henry lias somewhat lost '. caste of late-looking at his lengthened political services-it would be only right und,, proper , for the Government and the Parliaaient to give-a change of scene,' by-sending him to England as Agent-general, for; whiçh office he is admirably suited; and looking at what this gentleman has donia for the country in times past, and the, fact that his i coadjutor (Sir J. R-jbertaon) haVb^en/provided/; for,, we think that it is only right and proper 'that Sir Henry's claims should bë considered; the more especially as his attentiontd political life, has not enabled him to devote rouoh attention to making money for himwlf. -;;A¡r to the Parliament, coming events »how that' it will have to go to the country toJiaSjudguU, and as a great revolution is now taking place in publio opinion. (especially in t!ie country districts), in reference to protection and other matters, thero is no doubt" that a new Parliament will give a striking and radical change in the constitution of the House; and as it is just- what tho electors make it, it is to be hoped that they will ¡study the phases of the various political questions before tho country carefully, during the next" few months, so as to enable them to j form' correct opinions as what is the best ¡to be done,-the more especially as tho financial and5»ocial^pondj|ion of jfce, Colony, at, tKjp ^|p^tAes4^ào|k.a'y^l'-' ,-^isfttcV^. IMÜ ¡been sVttef[j|-täie prefte.ntr .<Jovei'iif»ent bjkj|. h*ïju veryidisiígi'beable task ih tho .tMleii\'iir¡ tji^iBíike bojth ÍÍ*0P meet, which lias'. necei« iWçir incr«r«^«^^xatáú;'''^n& di«gtf»i)»e 'tile;, fueí how we hííiy, "kliere ni "noNlenyïng that the longef fwe stave off the clay of reckoning the worse matters will be, and that as we cannot always continue borrowing money fron* fiuglirsh capitalists, or-livo-uponv the \ proceros of the alienation Of pur public Linrl.v tiny Ministry" taking office will have to con I sider the financial position pf the Colony in [ a-careful - and dispassionate manner,-the more ^especially ,as tuqie. will lie 'niauy^ob -Bti'uetàûna placed i'll their path by tliosef who *? still* cling to- the old-style of - things;- when - we too often killed the geese that laid the golden egg8! »nd have only tho dry . bones loft; now, t to pick. - - 1 ' 1 1 