Victorian Training Notes. (FROM OUR SPECIAL SPOUTING BEPOKTI2U.) MELBOURNE, Monday. This was another bitterly cold morning, and there is every j indication of a wet week. The tracks are a trifle soft, yet in good order. Volcano did two half-pace miles on tho fan alone. This horse looks wonderfully well. Tridaat and Monte Christo cantered two1 miles on the fan, con cluding with a fast mile. Hexham -Wd similar work alone. Acme and Tamarisk exiweised inside tho course proper ; both were woving freely. Aberdeen and Pontifex also worked on the new track, their task being a mile canter, then a smart /iiree-f urlongg .spurt. Lava and Sumatra did the same. Treuton cautered twice round slowly on the tau ; and wdrk of a similar description was given to Abydos, Oceana, Miranda, Huntingtower Chesham, and Orator. Blairgowrie used the sand track at rIow work. Brown and Rose, with Silver Kine. did three serviceable miles oa. tho tan track, going beautifully. Halcyon, Burrilda, and Geld Late all exercised over the same course at half pace. Yetman cantered slowly ; so did Industry. This mare is very much fancied. Bravo did a fast mile on the tan, followed by Kingfish. Thencame'Lord William, with Gough, jun., in the saddle. Tho little chestnut is a lazy fellow on the track. Bound and Caloola worked at half pace on the new track. Crossfire, The Agent, and Eckcrsley cantered slowly for a mile on the inner course ; then the filly spurted with Eckcrsley, and j Agent sailed along- alone. Crossfire moved as if sore, but threw it off when extended. Maddelina, | with a light boy in tho saddle, moved very freely on the sand track by herself. Jessica and Esperance trotted on the new track, and then spurted at intervals on the tan, and so did Rinks. Commotion did three fast miles on the tan in great style. Zeno cantered slowly along in clothing. St. John worked at a three-parts pace, while several others did work of a mixed description. If it is fine to-morrow morning fast work may bc anticipated. Tuesday. Despite the bitterly cold weather that prevailed this morning, thero was a large gathering of touts to witness the work done at Flemington. A heavy shower of rain fell at 4 o'clock, making the tracks soft, but the ton rink is in gocd going order, and the greater jtart of the work was i done on it. Joe Morrison opened the proceedings before 6 : o'clock by sending All Gold and Don Giovan a clinking gallop of 10 furlongs on the inner track. The latter, with Johnson in tho saddle, more than held his own with the chestnut. He should run well for the Coburg' Stakes os Saturday, if started. Hogmanay followed after a. short ! interval ovor the same course, also finishing well. S. G 1 Cook tried Cyclops over the mile and a half track, assisted by Remus and Mainsail ; but the St. Albans horse was a terrible sluggard in private, and finished indifferently. Dividend easily defeated the Maribyrnong filly, Liedertafel, over a five furlong spin ; the latter, however, liad her full weight up. The tan was first used by Trident and Monte Ghristo, for a fast 12 furlong gallop. The Derby colt *n»d to be shaken up to pace with the gray horse, who went much better than he usually does. The gallop was con : sidcrc-d a satisfactory one, but Hexham did not please in a spin over the same course. Volcano strode alongnicely alone, finishing a good gallbp in fair time. Acme and Tamarisk : ran a fast nine furlongs on the new track, the former leading home from the last furlong. Lava spurted a fast mile with Aberdeen in 56 seconds. Sumatra and Pontifex covered the five furlongs comfortably in one miuute seven seconds. This was a meritorious perioral ance. First Consul, ridden by M. O'Brien, was sent a mile and a-half with Menotti and Fish o' Silver. The Derby colt was very lame at starting, but threw it off when wanned up in the work. The Agent assisted Maddelina in a beautiful 12 furlong gallop on tho tan track, though the filly hung in a lot in tho finish. Crossfire, with Benso junior sis pilot, ran a mile on the tan in 1 minute 55 seconds, with Louis. The mare will see a much shorter priccs for the Cup if started. Yetman cantered with Lancer on the tan ; the former subsequently slipping along by himself. Isouomy was despatched 'for a two-mile gallop, which he executed brilliantly, without attempting to make time. Brown and Rose was mated with faivei King in a last 10 furlongs on the tan, the mare pulling double at the finish. Burrilda, Halcyon, and Goldlakeeach did a mile on the tan at intervals ; but Minerva was still an absentee. Tarpeia did two miles alone on the tan. She still moves gingerly. The movements of Trenton and Dunlop were closely watched, as tho pair emerged together from the lower boxes and made for tlie tan track. Starting steadily, they ran round in even time ; then at a slightly increased pace for a sccond mile, after which they pulled up. Nothing can be made of the work done by Trenton, who' looks big and lusty. The pair pulled up none too well, especially Trenton, who moved short and propp}'. Dunlop is also in want of fast work, but he goes out of the cup this morning. Blairgowrie only cantered. Chesham ran a fast mile and a -lialf on the tau alone, where also orator worked by himself. The twoyear olds. Oeeaua, Hunting Tower,' Abydos, and Miranda, spiuted in couples, but they must improve to beat Mr. While's Hineuioa, Mafamna, and Eckcrsley, who ran the Maribymoug Plate distance on the new track in 1 minute 7$ seconds. The trio were close to gether fit the finish. Commotion, in clothing, did four miles on the ton at half and threo-part pace. He is almost sure to start for the Cup. Lord William covered 12 furlongs with Industry ou the new track in 2 minutes 57 seconds. The little fellow revelled in mud, beating the mare easily at the finish. Bravo did similar work with Kingfish, but half a second slower. St. John and Genoo did a useful mile and ! live furlongs on the new track. The former will have a big 6ay in the Hotham Handicap. Metal worked on the tan with Catseye, and subsequently went a mile alone, ridden by O'Brien. Sedition and Aspromonte were not extended be yond half pace. Affluence, still going short, did two and three part pace miles ou the tan assisted part of the journey by Surprise. Toronto ran a mile in 1 minute 5S seconds on the tau. Ellington registered 5 furlongs iu 1 minute 14 sccouds, finishing strongly. f-i. Ze no worked alone on the tan, but was not ex tended. Lord Wilton did useful work with Lara ou the ton. Horteuse was restricted to cantering with clothing on, and so was St. Julien ; while Newstead failed miserably in an attempt to gallop on the tan. The horse appears to have lost all knowledge of pacing, and shows no improve ment. The Levite worked alone. Probation spurted alone, but Perhaps was again absent. Jessica and Esperance did useful routine work on the inner track. Huron registered a fast mile on the tau. Murmur and St. Ursula were also going fast. Tho jumping horses, Bound, Caloola, Distiller, Contingent, Bendigo, Havelock, Lady Carrington, Mirth, Blackthorn, Wickliffe, Vowles, Brown Eagle, Curiosity, and others, all did strong work. While working yesterday, Islander bruised his heel, and walked homo lame. Wednesday. This was a fine but dull morning. The tracks were har rowed and rolled at dusk last evening, and they wero in splendid order this morning. Being an oft' day, no impor tant work was done. To-morrow, the final Derby gallops will be witnessed. Morrison sent Don Giovan, All Gold, Ormonde, and Hogmanay for a slow cantor before 5 o'clock, followed shortly afterwards by T. Ivory, who gave Lancer two good working miles on tho tan. This horse wears a thoroughly trained appearance, and will probably be heard of before returning to Sydney. Yctiuan ran a fast fivo furlongs on tho tan, finishing well. Trenton and Orator .cantered at intervals two miles on the tan, joining issue in the third round at a good pace. The mile was covered in 1 minute 62£ seconds. Orator held his own for five furlongs, and then the Cup horse left him, finished strougly, and walked back to his box sound, but the touts and trainers will not have him for the Cup. Commotion, without any assistance, ran the last mile of three in 1 minute 5'2| seconds. The old horse's gallop was considered better that Trenton's. The pair aro likely to meet in the Melbourne Slakes on Saturday. The whole of Mr. White's horses were restricted to slow cantering. Abydos was beaten by Miranda in a smart five furlongs, and Oceana beat Huntingtower over the same courso in 1 minute seconds. Crossfire ran ou the sand track alone ; so did Maddelina, with a light boy in the saddle. Tho Agent and Louis worked slowly. Eckcrsley spurted four furlongs ; and Hinemoa, with Matuamo, ran the Maribyr nong Plate distance. Halcyon, Burrilda, Gold Lake, Browu and Rose, and Silver King all cantered slowly. Kingfish worked on the sand riuk, finishing with a half mile spurt. Industry only cantered. Huron and The Pencil ran a fast 10 furlongs inside the course proper, the former, with a light boy up, having all the best of it at the fipish. The remaining work was devoid of any interest. Thursday. The interest centered in the Derby final gallops was sufficient to attract an immense gathering of sporting men at the Flemington tracks early this morning; amongst Sydney viators present being Messrs. Perry, Forrester, Oxcnham, Gannon, Long, Casey, Eales, and others whose names I do not know. The tracks were in splendid condition, and a lot of work was got through. B. G. Cook took possession of the Band tiackjustat daybreak, sending Cyclops for a two-mile spurt, assisted by Remus and Fish 'o Silver in the first mile, afterwards picked up by Mainsail from the seven furlong post, and brought home at best pace. The Cup horse wore them all down, and finished a really good gallop. It should be mentioned that he had dices off. Don Giovan and All Gold ran 11 strong furlongs at short inter vals. Both these horses are in great buckle. Hogmanay equalled Trenton's gallop of yesterday, on the tan, pulling Hales out of the saddle, in. l.o'Jf. Lancer was sent for a mile and three- quarters strong gaUop on ihe tan alone, finishing the last mile in l'.52f. Burrilda followed Halcyon in a three-parte pace work on the tan [then Brown and Rose, after cantering slowly with Silver King, ran clear away irom him in a mile brush. May struggled home gamely, but Silver King rolled all over the course. First Consul, with O'Brien in the saddle, did tw-p rounds on the sand track, the latter at tliree-parti ' pace. The Derby horse looks much better this morn« ing. Chesham worked fast with Orator, leaving him out of sight at tlie end of 12 furlongs. Blairgowrie cantered very slowly. Metal pleased the touts in a strong working gallop, aided by Cat's Eye. The brown horse has a good outside show for the Cup. He will be ridden by Saunders. Aspromonte and^ Sedition galloped a fast six furlongs, the latter finishing in front. Tho appcarance of Trident and Volcano on the track together was tho 6ignal for the production of hundreds of watches. The pair, after cantering, ran once round on the sand track, Volcano being on his companion s Quarters at the finish. The did not Sydney spectators, who maintain that the brown gelding had all the hcst of the spin. They also state that Trident finished badly, ana was ridden with spurs. The latter is absolutely wrong, but your readers must take no notice of any private wires respecting his tract work. He will win the Derby. Sumatra and Pontifex, with shoes off, ran five furlongs in 1 minute 7| seconds, the former winning easily. Lava and Aberdeen, also unshod, spurted the same distance, the filly running clcan away from the colt. Acme had the best of Tamarisk in a Bound gallop of 12 furlongs. Hexham accomplished the best gallop of the morning, with Monte Christo after , him. The chestnut ran round on the sand in 2-32, finishing brilliantly; he will take a lot of beating for the Cup. Tarpeia and Baron ran a strong mile on the tan. Industry was beaten by Goldlake in a fast mile on the tan, which was covered in 1.62J. There was a great set-to between Bravo and Lord William over the 12-furlong course, the later just getting home in the last few strides, the mile being covered in 1.52%; once round in 2.33£. Kingfish shaped very badly in a long gallop alone on the sand track. Myall King strode along at three-parts pace work, finishing strongly. I fancy he is out of place in the Melbourne Cup company, but may win a shorter handicap. Maddelina led Crossfire the whole dis tance in a mile and a-half gallop. Both finished strongly, especially Maddelina, and she gained friends for the Deroy. The Agent ran a mile and a-half alone. Louis .did the same. Eckcrsley, Matamuo, and Hinemoa spurted a fair five furlongs. Trenton and Dunlop commanded strict attention in their work, but did not go beyond a three-parts pace. The Sydney contingent pronounce against Trenton. St. John was beaten by old Genoc in a fast round on the sand track. The former will run well in the Hotham Handicap, if ?started. Lesbia ran two strong miles inside the course proper, where also Ringmaster, First Prince, and The Fobbcr registered a fast 13 furlongs. The first and last-named ran an extra quarter of a mile, finishing well in hand together. Isonomy did a sound two miles on the tan assisted by Satyr, whom he quickly wiped put. The last mile occupied 1*56, but could have been much loss. Sydney people swear by him, all backing him for the Cup heavily. Commotion did another long sweat on the tan. Zeno and Ellington covercd a mile, pulling up in 1.55, while the speedy Toronto registered six furlongs in 1.22. The Pencil did two strong miles on the tan rink, where also Edith, Brigantine, Sardius, Honeycomb, and scores of others worked. Lord Wilton, Lara, and others of M'Donald's string did mixed work. Jebusite had a brisk spurt with Straight Shot. Huron ran a very fast six furlongs on the sand. Scores of other horses worked in different parts of the course. The Maribyrnong straight was thrown open after breakfast, when the two year-olds trained by Lamond, M 'Donald, Hill, and others were exercised over the Maribyrnong Plate Course. CAULFIELD, Wednesday. Notwithstanding' the cold, boisterous weather, the trainers were at their business at an early hour. Mr. Connolly was the first to commence, with Lady Ashton, who fetrode along on the sand for three miles. Louis Berta, with Tho Loaferf ran five furlongs on the turf for a smart gallop, Eugenie and Upper Crust following suit. Bonnie Lad, Geraldine, and Carnarvon ran a smart gallop over a mile, and Newmaster, with Gasburner, went a strong gallop once round the sand track. Formsby and Umbestostrodealong once round the sand at a eotmd pace, and Pocahontas ran a useful gallop over a mile on the turf. Kelly's horses were all on tho various tracks at intervals. Ben Bolt, who had the company of Western for the first mile, and Land 'O for the last one, accomplished a good working gallop. Upon rounding into the straight Land 'O overpowered his jockey and ran wide and came in contact with the outside hurdles, toppling over the jockey. Man and horse escaped any injuries. Silvermine and Sirocco ran over two miles, for a useful gallop. Bridegroom, Whitebait, Warfield, Revenge, Anarchy, and the Sussex colt, all did some nico pace work on the sand and tan tracks. The Ghost gal loped once round the sand, the old horse going Btrongly. Grace Darling cantered twicc round the turf, and Crown Brand was doing half -pace for exercise over a circle of the running ground. King of the West and Jim Cain, in company, moved along briskly for about a mile. Amateur, a three-year-old colt (brother to Little John), and others of Messrs. Moran's wero treated to good pace exerciso on the sand. Little John, to most people's surprise, was an absentee; The Wave, Delima, and Dougalston had pace exercise, and after wards the latter galloped once round. Bohemian, like Little John, was absent. Highland Chief executed a nice gallop twice round the ground, Blondin joining him at the half mile post, and they ran home for a strong gallop. Camerino and Day Star' galloped about a mile and. a quar ter, both going well. In the afternoon Little John, with a companion, cantered once round the ground. 