NATURAL HISTORY AT THE COLONIAL HAMPTON. BY Dr. J. H TAYLOR, F.G.S., ie., EDITOR OF " SCIENCE Gossir." . - - -- LONDON, JUNE 4. I sometimes wish when undertaking to write on scientific subjects, that I were 20 years younger. I knew so much more then or thouuM I did, which came to the same thing and I was so cocksure on everything I wrote about Alas, the years have brought the philosophic mind, which is of little use to newspaper editors who want something readable. Such are my thoughts as I saunter round this big show, wanting (like an honest man actually to write something readable, and yet to have that readable something up to the scientific mark. If occasionally I suffer from that mental aberration which affects all men of genius, and would rather perform the opposite task to the one set me, I feel sure that my female readers at least will acquit me. Thus, the idea which haunts me as I stroll through these endless corridors and courts, and behold the men, and women, and politicians who are staring, laughing, yawning, eating, drinking, talking, boring, and other wise enjoying themselves, is-how much better an article I could write on un- natural history than the job I have in hand. The artistic skill of Mr. Rowland Ward, the Regent-street prince of animal Btuffers, has been largely called in to prepare the various creatures which here illustrate the zoology of Greater Britain. The crowds which always gather in front of a " trophy" near the grand entrance show plainly enough there is something extra to be seen. It is a remarkable spectacle never before attempted, certainly not equalled-a realistic tiger hunting scene in the Indian jungle. An elephant has come upon a group of tigers in the long grass, and wounded one of them. In revenge another tiger has leapt upon the elephant, and is holding on to the base of its trunk with tooth and claw, whilst the remaining tigers are slinking away with cat-like ferocity and terror. All the animals are stuffed, even the elephant, and the scene would be intensely dramatic if the commissioners had consulted optical effects. As it is, the sheet glass in front of the "trophy" acts as a reflecting mirror, from the lower part of which the lookers on see themselves, whilst the upper part reveals the elephant's head and the attached tiger. Pepper's "ghost" was not a greater optical illusion than this unfortunate arrangement of lights. The other side of the same " trophy " suffers nearly as much from the same draw- back, otherwise it is a splendid and effective representation of an ordinary scene in an Indian jungle and it has been made the occasion for adroitly introducing the characteristic wild animals and birds of East India to the visitor. Huge snakes are intertwined among creeping plants, whose stems are as snake-like as themselves, and suggest mimetic associations ; peacocks and jungle fowl are flying and exhibiting their brilliant plumage ; rows of green monkeys are perched on the branches of the trees, evidently engaged in discussing thouniversallloraeRule question; buffaloes, black buck, sambar deer, hog deer, bears, c, are distributed through the inter- weaving vegetation. The foreground is occupied with wounded boars, evidently seeking refuge. A cheetah is in the act of bringing down a deer. The horned sheep [ever ammon) stands on the craggy heights above; a couple of alligators are - just emerging from the i watery and chaotic swamp below. > ' he ' «.?».J 'wi' Whilst I am mentioning this class of ex-' habits, I may as well refer to the natural history objects in the Ceylon Court The most striking is a group of leopards, arranged by Mr. Ward. An elephant trophy," hard by, is very attractive. It consists of the head and fore-part of a "rogue" elephant Several specimens of elephant skulls, tasks, as., are also shown for the elephant is a Singhalese institution, and no exhibition would be complete without it Now, I think, I am fairly entitled to bring in the Australian scenes, Of those exhibited by Victoria and South Australia I incline to the latter as being both artistically and geologically superior to the former I have briefly referred to both before, and our illustrated papers have honoured them by reproduction. The Victorian forest scene, however, will improve by keeping. On my second visit I found it looking better and fresher than when I first saw it The tree, ferns, grass trees, gums, ¿.cl^hjict'grown luxuriantly, and the common ground fernS had masked the mimetic attempts of man to reproduce in London a bit of Victorian, forest. The animals (kangaroos especially) are somewhat angular and groggy. Their combined appearance is that of general festivity associated with the fact that London does not agree with them. One is always sure to find plenty of people admiring, or rather gazing, upon these various Australian realistic scenes. You can see that more than half the spectators have relatives under the "Southern Cross," and they imagine this is the sort of thing their relatives are accustomed to. As a matter of fact I found people in Melbourne who were born there and had never been out of it; and, on the other hand, I met good, honest " natives" who lived in the country and had never been to Melbourne in their lives, although less than 30 miles away. Human nature is not much altered by 12,000 miles separation. Nevertheless, I like this pretty bit dedicated to Nature. It is in pleasing contrast to the ugly but effective "Golden Trophy" within sight. Man liveth not by bread alone, and Midas found that abundance of gold nuggets were not everything long before the palmy days of Ballarat Over the well simulated rock-work water is falling and brawling, and its cooling spray is appreciated by the abundance of luxuriantly green ferns as much as it is by the human spectators these hot days. Kangaroos, opossums, cockatoos, parrots parrakeets, that characteristic Victorian bird, the laughing jackass (which ought to take the place occupied by the emu on the colonial coat of arms), we., are all arranged amid the vege- tation the former being stifled and the latter real. A family of aborigines has been diplomatically introduced into the scene, to please the Exeter-hall people. An actual aboriginal but (a real native but we are in- formed simple and primitive enough, Heaven knows houses these southern niggers on the L.H. of the scene. We are further told that this lean-to can be easily turned any way against the wind, and we wonder who taught these poor savages this astounding fact ! Why, a bird's nest is a work of highest art compared with any savage's but. Talk- ing of art reminds me that the aborigines who inhabited this plank, lean-to, genuine hut-long before the days of state schools taught their children free-band drawing. For the planks are decorated with rough but spirited incised carvings, representing an emu pursued by a huntsman, and a fight between two warriors." One value these in- cisions has to anthropologists is that they illustrate the similar, but infinitely more ancient, artistic etchings on tusks and teeth, which we find associated with the Paleolithic European cave-men. But in the case of the latter the extinct hairy elephant (Mammoth), reindeer, and elk take the place occupied by those Australian aborigines (who are their intellectual representatives) with the not yet extinct emu. The fictitious familyofVlctorian aborigines are further represented engaged in the art of cookery. In this respect they were apparently greatly in advance of the white men who have taken their places in the land, and to whom both eating and drinking are regarded as waste of valuable time. "The aboriginal father is skinning an opossum, the mother is making a fire ready to cook it, and a child prostrate on the turf watches the operations with growing appetite." So says the guide-book, and I daresay its full true. But there is a lot of other niggers about who seem to be waiting for the dinner gong, and the guide-book says nothing about them. Before we proceed to a similar realistic bit of South Australia, let me note the natural history specimens sent from Victoria. The fishes are impaled along one end of the I corridor (like the weasels and cats at the end of a gamekeeper's barn). Many of them are ugly enough to attract the admiration of the ladies, and that they are interesting to naturalists goes without saying. Several private gentlemen have felt sufficiently concerned for the zoological honour of the colony as to send the pick of their private collections. Mr. Alfred Brumby, of Omeo, exhibits a case of natural history specimens ; Captain Buchan, of St Leonards, has also sent various native animals (stuffed, of course), native "bears," cats," opossums, plat) pus, spiny anteater, rock lizard, iguana, flying fox, CC. We have all heard of " opos- sum rugs," and same of us over here have been duped into buying the objects sold us under that name. I therefore feel grateful to Mr. S. R. Clark, of Brunswick, for sending specimens of the actual skins of Australian native animals. A collection (scientifically named and arranged of Australian birds' eggs, exhibited by Mr. A. J. Campbell, of the Melbourne Custom-house, cannot fail to attract the attention of European ornithologists. Another very interesting series of natural history objects are the fine specimens of Australian insects, prepared by Mr. C. French, F.L.S. The insect fauna of Australia is nearly as isolated from those of other parts of the world as its mammalian fauna. Com- paratively few of the insect families of other countries are represented on your side the world unless they have been imported. There is here shown a case containing a fine collection of Australian beetles, some of them (especially the Bupresthla) being very brilliant and three cases of butterflies and moths. Some of them are monsters, the Remains Htuceyi, for instance, whose size occasionally reaches nearly one foot across the wings. Another case is devoted to Australian insects of other orders, among which the grasshoppers are naturally well represented. The singular "spectre" insects are personated by Acrophulla Titan, 14in. long, and with a correspondingly enormous expansion of wings. The native Hymenoptera (or bees, wasps, hornets, ants, -c.) are also shown. A private collection of Australian Lepidoptera and Coleoptera (butterflies, moths, and beetles, as well as birds' eggs, is also sent by Dr. Lucas, of South Melbourne. Professor M'Coy, however, has undertaken the task for Victoria of having the zoology of the colony fully represented, and I hardly need say he has done it well-as, indeed, his scientific reputation rendered it incumbent be should. Consequently he has sent a collection illustrating the complete natural history of Victoria-all the leading families of mammalia, from the dingo and seals to the platypus ; the birds, from the whistling eagle through every order to the fairy penguin ; the reptiles, from the Murray tortoise to the death adder ; sand frogs, bell frogs, VC., among the ISalrnchia; fishes, from the Gipps Land perch all the way through 2G various orders to Lempriere's ray ; Australian lobsters, crayfish, etc I don't know whether the stuffed specimens of merino sheep (to be seen penned up au naturel), both in the Victorian and South Australian Courts, ought to come in under the head of " Natural History " for notice. At any rate they convey, in a very realistic manner, such as no other process of exhibition could, the appearance of the animals which have done more for the prosperity of the antipodes than gold mines. No other. colony, comes out so well in general zoological exhibits as Victoria, unless enters Canada. ,Ngw,iSoiith| Wales is very poorly represented, in this respect, and, if Dr. Cox, of" Sydney, had kept his own well-earned and well-known coucliplogictir'collections at home, we shoulihardlyuîiave known that the ''ancient colony " had any.Booiogy at all. The arches of the New South Wales Court have very tastefully painted representations of the principal birds, as, of the colony; and there are a few cases of the lyre-birds (whose name our wags insist is wrongly spelled). South Australia ranks next to Victoria for the number and variety of natural history objects sent for exhibition, and for the pains and troubles which have been taken for us to understand what they are like. I have already referred to the Bush," Murray, and "Sea Coast" scenes. The "Bush Scene" is' marvellously realistic. A miniature lake occupies the foreground, and an aborigine is spearing fish from a real bark canoe. in a rude hut of branches, close by, are a "gin" and her child. The living' grasstree, gum trees' "Scrub," &c..;'hVfront, would be even more effective if the initial opossums had not got so dusty, and if the pretty plumaged parrots (which are "in the same '? biological state) did not look so groggy, of work so seriously with theirglass'eyes'at the stuffed iguanas and wallaby)-. ' , I was pleased to see some ' auld acquen fences " here, in the ostriches' feathers, eggs, J.C., from the ostrich farm at Gawler. The commissioners for South Australia, desirous of illustrating the capacity of their colony for the production of furs, skins, feathers, kc, have sent a very fine collection of the skins of the native animals, as well as specimens of rugs, capes, muffs, kc, manufactured from them. Moreover, there are stuffed specimens of kangaroos, wallabies, dingoes, emirs, ice., from South Australia. Queensland is well to the front in skins of all the native mammalia of that colony. Indeed, in the matter of exhibition of native furs she may be safely backed as first by a long way Queensland is a very zoological colony, and she has taken care to let the world know it, and also how skilfully her colonists can utilise their advantages in this respect. It is astonishing what she shows in feathers, rugs, skins, and leathers-hardly less BO in silks, clara and pearl shells, coral, kc Cases of Queensland butterflies, moths, and beetles have been sent from the Cook district by Mr. J. C. Baird, alligators' eggs by Mr. P. Brannelly, emu' eggs by Mr. J. M'Nicoll, c Besides these there are scattered somewhat various zoological lots, looking very suggestive of an auction about to take place, of gigantic dugongs (marine mammalia peculiar to those parts of the Australian coasts), swordfish, snakes, lizards, i.s. In the natural history department, as indeed in all others, Western Australia deserves the highest credit for the pains taken by the exhibitors. A naturalist soon dis- abuses his mind of mercantile and pecuniary prejudices. He is all the more capable of doing this, as a rule, because such a man is seldom affected by pecuniary considerations. He rarely has had a chance to be so affected, consequently a naturalist's sympathies soon run dog with Western Australian exhibits. Here they are platypus, of course, first, with the characteristic wingless birds to keep it company. But these are not all, for the most noticeable object in the court is a badly-built " trophy" (like a huge mud pie) of mother of-pearl shells, ¿lelcagrina) from Torres Straits. I am rather sorry for this, because Western Australia can do so much better and as it is by far the most prominent advertising object, the ordinary run of people will naturally think it is the best thing that Western Australia can send. An enormous and variegated series of collections of "Fishing Products," however, shows how remarkably and singularly well off Western Australia is in these respects. All of them are sure to obtain attention, as they actually do even at the beginning of the Exhibition. Mother-of-pearl shells are in especial abundance and admiration, and ladies have actually made a new marine discovery, one that Captain Cook with all his navigable skill would never have made-they have found out that the lovely yellow, prim- rose-coloured, orange, and Venetian-red coralline (or "Sea-Fans" of the tropics actually the polyp area of zoological colonies) make "Ducks of bonnets!" It's true and pity 'us, Tis true I I say this as a married man, for my wife saw one, and I had to order a zoological bonnet forthwith-for I am a peace-loving man and I am getting fat ! You will hear more of these zoological bonnets on your side of the world, by and by and I say this with a certain grin of satisfaction, because there are more of them living in your waters than in ours. Perhaps, some day a Parisian " Worth " may send to Australia for "materials" for bonnets just as Australian ladies now Bend to Worth for materials for dresses, in preparation for the " Melbourne Cup day. j 