OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. It must be somewhat disconcerting to raw Ministeri,· eslecially to those who have passed many years in hunting portfolios, to beaware that the principal question which now engrosses the conversation of politicians -and for the matter of that people outside of politica-is whether the Government will be entitled to a dissolution on being ejected from office. The idea is unflattering; it 'exhibits an instinctive want of confidence in the--men andthe situation; and when it is I followed up.by, a leading article in the Age, I which: calmly discusses the question of "when the time arrives that it becomes t necessary that Mr. Deakin should be set aside" it seems, as the American said when 1 he found himself wrecked and floating down stream on an ice-floe, that " there's a kindar instability somehow about this location." The general opinion seems to be that when the time comes fsor the Opposition crew to man the yards, His Excellency will allow them to do it on the ground this Parliament was called into being by Coalition No 2, and, therefore. must finally be judged by it. At the same time it must be remembered that while Ministers have no real party behind them, 'which is pretty clearly in dicated by the manner in which seats in the Assembly are being marked off, yet the Opposition are in just as poor a case, for they have so far but a small and disjointed straight party, and not as much as the ghost of a policy ; therefore it is not well to holler until out of the wood. The Ministry face the situation with a cheerful countenance and rely upon their irrigation projects to pull them through, while recognising fully that they cannot consider themselves sure of a majority. Their idea is that being at the present the stronger of the disjointed elements in the House, they may be able to create a party by good administration and sound legislation, avoiding the heroic but pursuing those practical lines which will catch votes, and so, by placating the Inde pendents and allowing their own Corner a fair share in fashioning legislation, keep on the Right side of Mr. Speaker. There is reason in this, and if Mr. Deakin, who is liked by a'l,were leading, these tactics night pull a Ministry which may lbeconsidered already moribund through for a while, hut' the danger is that Mr. Gillies' want of tact in guiding the House and unfortunate manner willruin all. How little Mr. Gillies ever really understands what is due to other people besides himself was instanced a few days after his election when a deputation from his district came down to interview Mr. Nimmo with respect to a local want Although he had only just won a stoutly contested election by a majority so small that it was unwise to risk a vote in it, he absolutely, though in the building, left the deputationists, and allowed them to be introduced and their cause aivocated by Mr. Shackell solus. Though a candidate with a majority such as that of Walter Madden in the Winmera, or a seat as safe as Mr. Patterson's at Castlemaine might play such a prank with safety, one who has so often had the meaning of 'rejected addresses" explained to him ought never to have so far forgotten what was due to the constituents who had made him Premier. In polities men are born under one of two flags. The one party is ardent, youthful in its enthusiasm, progressire in its instincts, seeking change, development, progress, or even novelty without progress. Thbis see term here the Liberal party The other loves experience, and meditates by its light. It is sagacious, dislikes change, sets its face against morement, is content with the present, opposes development, doubts new creeds and is content to rest and be thankful in something of the spirit of those fine lines of Alexander Smith " This world is very bIeatiful, 0 my God I thank Th ., that I live." This party is .' rled Conservative, and, though it may at ti ics disguise itself under the terms Constitl i tonal orjCoalition, its instincts, purposes, th, ,ghts, traditions, aspirations remain the sais,. It is disappointing to both parties, but w,- I omeneed for the community that the last election shows the slatus quo ante is main mined, that neither have a decisive major'i y and that so far the only party relatively strong is that which poses as supporters of i he Coalition Government. Yet, here it must be remembered that this section' is weaker than it looks ; Coalitions live only so lbug as success throws flowers in their path. The moment they are doubted they die. And the strength of the Gillies- Deakin Coalition is practically fictitious. If a vote of want of con fidence is asked for by the Opposition at the initiation of the session, it has power enough to defeat that, for the nominal Coalitionists will be kept up to the mark and the Independents will say--"although our sympathies are with the Opposition we can not, in justice, refuse the men who have not attempted administrative acts and who have been plucky enough to meet the House at once, a fair show." Besides, the sting will be taken out of an Opposition indictment by the fact that though they may represent a principle which may or may not in itself be wrong-that of Coalition-still they have no personal sins to answer for. The Govern ment may, therefore, secure breathing time to prepare their measures, but, when they meet the House afterwards. they will find chaos has come again. With such an Opposition as that they have to face, all hope of order, of decency, of decorum in debate must be abandoned. Scenes of hourly occurrence, stonewalls elevated on every trifling pretext, the practice of every undisciplined form of obstruc tion, late sittings, personal recrimination of the most bitter and most venomous kind, must necessarily obe the characteristics of the coining session, for all the most notable rowdies of the last twenty years in politics have been returned, distinctly and avowedly to oppose the present Ministry, and come back exultantly emboldened by the heavy polls in their favour to test their powers of converting the Assembly into a bear garden. It may be said with certainty that until the Opposition sweeps forward to the Treasury Bench and wins it, tihe next session will prove the liveliest period ever known in Victorian political history. Thle Opposi tionists are not men whose calibre is unknown. They have again and again proved their calibre and character. They ame emboldened now to out-Herod past efforts by theapproval of largeconstituencies. They willb- supported by the presence of a crowd in the Corners, sympathising with their aim to carry the Treasury Bench with a rush. And, while they personally profit, the country will suffer, for the era of peace, progress and prosperity will be found to have [departed on the night of the fifth of March. A scramble in .Parliament, a brief life for the Ministry, unattended with practically beneficial results, and finally another general election in a few months as a panacea, appear to be the only possible issues of the present situation. In reckoning votes for the Government, please bear in mind that practically Messrs M. f. Davies, Coppin and Bosisto don't count and won't be back to get their names on the tellers' books until nearly the end of the year, by which time they probably won't be wvanted. By the way is it a politically virtuous thing to accept a portfolio and then bolt to Europe with it, putting honorable on your call cards, or to win a constituency on the dodge and then cooly tell them you don't intend to represent them for six months or until otherwise convenient. Some of the surprises of the election show how unwise it is to depend in political matters upon past popularity, or even upon hard work done for a constituency. IBefore the fatal returns proved the vanity of human hopes, M]r.Z Mirams was not only confident he would head the poll, but also that Mr. Langridge would foot it. A harder working member than Mr. Cunningham was for Geelong could not be found at the departments; he was absolutely omni present, constant, alert and ever pressing in the interests of the Pivot. Frank BMason was of the same class, absolutely unceasing in labor for his scattered flock, and, though on this occasion he feared Mr. Groom, there was probably not a soul who thought that the man who has polled such majorities that he has been accorded the compliment of a walk-over, could be. beaten by a tyrb.?' Messirs. Finchati,. Bell, Con nor, Thompson Moore, Yea ind 'Daffy have all done good work-the latter was a piisable though weak administrator at the I~nfs;yet :where are they now? Neither w'Jrk'hbility, nor always voting at the party's call eve , saved them. from 'temporary extiictfsi, 'sid though Mason may come again and Mirams possibly, Bell, Conner, 'Moaieo icMakay, James and 'Yeo must be o iunted amiong the "have beens" and Duffy willfimd it. hard to unseat the wily Sands, now once more firmly in the saddle. Of most of'thebe, their vanity, their confidence and their hopes, it may be said in Horace's familiar lines 'Doy presses on the heels oa day, And mons increase to theirdecay, But youwithhthoughfoesspride elate, ' Commald the p?lar'd dome t i rse.,_ 3 wihen lo:your tomb fosgotten Iies." - We a~e il'dying th see Mr.'Groom. Tahe man who could beat Frank Mason- in Gippaland must be one of the marvels of the age._ His intellectual powers must be inucomparabl and his knowledge of how to work a department stupendous. If he can surpass Frank in his "attention to local wants" he is too good to be wasted in Parliament. He ought to be sentito the Indian and Colonial Exhibition, labelled " the Gippsland Phenomenon." Thepre-electioneering quiet of the Govern ment Offices has fled. During the past few weeks, a visit to any of the Departments rather led one to suppose.that the Parlia; mentary repreentativ was Pi extnictas thl Dodo, but now the order i, as numerous as blackberries in season, and each representative unit is as busy as a bob-tailed bull in fly time. They have to advance exceptional.claims of the drain pipes and school painting order and numerous other national works, and each departs feeling assured that he has sharpened his little political axe in a manner that cannot fail to make its future blows effective. Mr Nimmo's accent at once locates his birth place in the " Land o'Cakes," but the lingual peculiarities of the hMinister of Public' 0 orks the other day proved confusing to the members of a deputation which sought a grant in aid of a road, the construction of. which will once and for all establish the commercial supremacy of Victoria in the Southern seas. In Mr Nimmo's broad accent he termed the highway a "rod," and the deputationists assured him he was entirely wrong as it was fully "a mile-and-a-half." The levity which ensued was, to the worthy Commissioner, inexplicable. 