THS DAY'S WtWS. Biota have taken among the col'ier. on itiikr in Belgium, aci .everal coufiict. have occvntd beiwaan tha ml,.tafy nfi the riotrn. Extcntion has bean eta; ad in tha euit o. Br;ca v. Bnaden. penling ao apg lication for a new trial. The question for snbmi.eion has tetn Umiud to that oferceaiive daasagas. Th talagrama.raeeivafi by private firms in th city to-day in connection with (be London wool ealra, which opened yaettiday, it sot n leuinring one for wool grower. Oje slates that 'Trices ara in favor ot buyers," and another raja that yricra at lower than at tka close ef tha last salsa. Wo would it bad bran tha other way. It cer tainly would have bran better for the colonic < bad it been so. Wa ham that tba Bev Dean Dooagby has loan dednitaly appoints i by th authorities at Rome aa coadjutor to Archbishop Goo'.d, Trivet advicao to that effaet have beta re ceived by Dr Goo Id by tbo last mail, bnt tbs official documents have not yat unit ed, con- Mqurotly ne date it aa yat fixed far th con secration ceremony, which will b hold at S, Patrick a CethedraL Thraa namra for the appointment were anbaailtad hy tba oonncit of bishop bald racaatlp at Sydoay, in th following otilar Dr Carr, of Gal war ; Dr O'Brien, of All Hallow CoUag ; and Dean Densghy. The final Miration of tha papular Dana shows bow willing the Tnpal nnthoritiaa ara in inch cases tb t elect, whenever poaaibl tba candidate who ban tba atrongeat local claim Iaanofber column are publish vary interest ing latter from Professor Mortis on tba subject of tb bast hundred hooka for Wotktagmu'e PaIUm lihitrv. An accnrrenca of a horrible naSnr took pine in t email wooden boost off Blanch atraat, St. Kilda, at an early hour this morning, a married woman named Elira Moaro balog literally roasted to death, aad aaothra worn umed Mil Bgan, who lived with the deceased, having n narrow tscapo from similar (nta.only anviag bonnlf by jumping ont of n window. Particu lars of tbe affair appear in another eolama. Tb cbarg of murder against th Hampton family was not commenced today, owing to Sir Bryan G'Logblen, who in ta defend thtm, being unitla to attend. Hla Honor Kr Jut ice Williams uid that if it did not eome on to-morrow it would have to go ever to the scat month sitting of tb court. Tbs prita- aart' attorney, who was in conrt, aald be was deeirone that Sir Bryan O'Loghlan ahonld de fend th accused. Im sentencing th man Chnria Winter to three years Imprisonment at th Criminal Court to day, hie Honor Kr Jostles Williams mad a lengthy speech npon tha crime, its Increase in ear community, and tb necessity for having it stamped ont by the infliction of heavy peaal- tira. Ha referred ta th different i me. we paejnxy— anna given wiuw» pre meditation, that mad with cool de liberation, and th thud and moat hai none ol all that petjnted evidence given for tb purpose of convicting nn innocent parson. Thii last tithe wont of all, aad next ta it ha classed tbe aviasnca adduced by the prison! and bin confederate!. Tboapasch ia given ia utotha, column. The following casualties wen tmtel nt tha Alfred Hoepital ywuiday Catheri-.e Ken nedy (60), a rraidant of Knlgravo, with a frac' rated ana, eauand by a fall ; Francis Capstan' (14), with nfiaotnrod arm, caoud by a tall from n aprtag-enrt ; Ann La Phelan (27), living nt Barnet street, St Kilda, (offering from in jur iu to tba right lag, caused by failing down, itaiii. Th pnblie presentation to th hon Graham Berry, which take place at tha Town Hall this erasing, promisee to ba mora than naaally baart felt in it character. Mr John Blyth will pre side, ud Kr Deakln, with other gentlamaa, wih address the mratiag. Considerably over LtOO has been anbecribed, thna tbo aereicra of plate and tha Ulnminntad add.au which Sir Qaotf Vardon will present to Kr Bury oa behalf of tb lubacribers, will be a very aubctaatiata protf of tb estimation in which Mr Boery'a political aravlcaa ara bold. AU holders of Hcktts will b admitted to tha hall' at aaroa e'clrak, tha ganoral public being allowed ta enter at a quarter to eight o'clock. A deputation from the aboriginals resident at Coranderrk Station, waited on Mr Graham Barry at the Old Treasury building today, and presented him with a farewell address, in which they gratefully acknowledged his past services on behalf of th original owners of the soil, and expressed their beet wishes for his future. The ex- Chief Secretary was also presented with a photographic album in which the portraits of the members of the deputation are to be placed. The deputation, which comprised sixteen aboriginals, was headed by Barak, chief of the Yarra Yarra tribe and Bentorak, chief of the Broken River tribe. A report of the preceedings is given in another column. The libel action, Brevne r MTCinley (" Punch"), (or jtifio dnmngra, far a woodcut, ot a highly sarcastic nature with tha worda ha naath it-" Whpt ahonld Kr Brow-no be Sacked 1 fbtij man - Lit him ittad an train tha Ganaral •wo ollier, and hangout aii toagna for poopl b> wet etamp on'— waa coal hi sal to day baforo Mr Jnatloe Holrojd. A large atteadane .of per (one Interested in literary parralta was an ticipated, bnt very few pnt in an appearand!. Tba action ia not in exactly tho tame shape aa whan heard bofore tha Connty Oourt, and " Pnneh," for his defence, relies on " fair com ment" on what had taken 'place in tho Legis lative Assembly in connection with Kr Browns. Mr Iaaaea had considerable difficnltlra to overcome in prorantlog tha defendant's case ta tho Conrt, the Foil Court when granting a new trial having in affsct thrown on him tha onrta of proving that tha remarks made in Parliament wore true. Th principal part of tha work whiob Kr Brown kad ta perform when in tha Money Ordr Off CO was ta rotor psid orders, th names of psraons ta whom they vera psid, th amounts paid, and add thsm up. Hia chief, Kr Gal- teaith, raid ks didn't worn neenvtomsd to that aort of work, aad Mr Browne admitted so. Mr Galteaitheaidthatheconldu'i do it. Ha sail that bo oonld not see figure) very well, and thought another branch of the c.'.i < would anil him bettor. Kr Browne alio wrote the t.audou lettaefromn draft of Mr Uaiiiraitba on one oecaafam, and took ex-rptioc '->.» bad Kcgl n of th droit letter Mr ' . J r.r.,. tl . ri rrply 11 Kr Justin Holroyd> conn . , ;ery— Did lie introdoon a more flaw, -y -> - , . . -r«d that he didn't know slxia- : .- 1 i t., l,. a k tbnt " fioivary ' ir.-i.v.d u- . i i... i,u-.iuis iu the Genera! Post oj.. o. Three of the boa' I's'jt .: n iv .ue u. fated Paul Jonsa were so'd to day o.. tha Saudridge Basch by Mr W. iljareti. l'he sale aroaavd considerable u-tereat, abjiu I > huudrad nautical man being praeeut. The two quarter boats were sold to Meaart Wright, Orr and Co. ne Istobsd L IJa fid, nod the rahst LU>. Th : , .. « <-o-i.fd Jo u t.' Ml Hugh Thimpua i for i.l I >. ff.a tnal ol the crb-diiver, Thorn is M'Imi! '. < hnrged with perjury ia oonnratlon with lie eft oris of Hurst, Bnuall, nai Ctar'c Winter, to prove an alibi for Daniel Winter, convicted of broaklng into the Jewish Sjnagogno, waa begun at a lata hour to-day, before Hr J as ties Williams, who rvgrtt'-rd that ha had to hoar it. His Honor almost bagged that another clase of crimt should be called on. He cold ha waa tired of hearing tha peijnry caaav, aad fait completely jaded |by them. Csfortnaataly, Mr J. T. T.Smith, th Crown Proatcntor, could not help hia Honor, aa Sir Bsyan O'Loghloa, who ia briefed to do- fend tbe Hamptooa.and tb only other caa on tho list, was naabla to ta prerant. Drrirg tha hearing of tbaohargoof penury to-day ia the Criminal Conrt, against tha cab man, 11'DcialJ, 'dafsndad by Mr H'Dormott, Mr J. T. T. Smith, tha Crown Prosecutor, en deavored to pnt in .the convlotioa of the man Dnninl Winter for tb burglary at tbs sjt>agogue, bnt Kr K'Dermott objectsd. After s lot of arguing, bis Honor left tho loach to consult with Mr Jostles Holroyd on th point 1 course, if Hr Smith caa gat tba conviction In in tvldtnc the ess will b mstsrislly aim. pliflid, bscnnss it baa a direct bearing on th out. A corves pendant whom wa thank far the infoimitioa sent aa writes aa follows In your totioe of tha salt of Kr Jeffray'a propnrty, yon have fallen into nn snot in th explana tion of " Devorgllln," th nam given by Kr Jeffrey to his house. Devorgllln was daughter of Alan, Lotd of Galloway, aad wife of John Bnliol, father of tbe King of Boatload of that rtme, and foood tr of Bsliol College, Oxford, in which eotlrgs, I bslisvs, can bs sesn ta this day a portrait of Dsrorgllta. At BnlioP dssth in l ji!> Dsvorgilta caosel hia bssrt to b am- balmed, and plaoad in nn ivory case, onamelltd and chased with (liver. In I27.'>, she erected M a memorial of hot huband, Xew Abbey In Kirkeodbrigh'.ehiro, nenr tbo month of tbe River Nitb, and vbont S mtlaa from tb town of Dumfriw. At bar approach. irg death aba diroctcd the aacnsad heart to b laid on her boeom, and buried with hor ta the Abbey, which abe bad founded, ud which, from ikia incident, obtained the nam of "Sweet- beast Abbey," a brant if ul old rain, and a meat interesting specimen of Oothto archittc- tnrt, well known to natives of Dumfries ud Galloway. Bvnior-constabls Bcnrke's report on th cte' ruction of th footpath in Canisll street on .-Stanley evening lest, having been aubmittol to tb Mayor of Fitiroy, his Worship bra emphatically deniti having givta pormluion to tny person whatever ta ocstrnct or assemble npon uy of th carriage ways < fcotwsjs of tb flity. The Town Clerk hsa liilcs a memorandum pointing ont that neither nt der ihaPollcsOffencra Statnta nor tha 'IU gelation" has tb Hayer power to grut any such permDeicn. Tho nutter now nets with tb police, to take action by (ummoniig tb offending parties to th looal conrt. Hia Worship tha Msyot of Kalbonrn will rrasiv tb Intorcoloaisl Cycling Mam from Byduy, who on coming ovar tor tb bicyc'o races on Sstnrdsy, to-morrow mornlnr. at the Maibonrna Town HalL A abort orgu recital will also b givu thorn Than ara stent thirty representatives sltofs- tter, indndisg tbs vlcs-pnsUuts of th Sydney Bicycle Cliff. Th Hslboano Bicycle Clnb will most thim st Spsnosr strrat station with thro drags, sod drive thsm to the Town Hail, after which they will b sntsrtainsd at lands at Gunslar's Calm On of tb lascar craw attached to th R H.S. Bom took it into bin bond thin moraing to attempt anicids by banging. Tha vassal is bsrihsd st tbs railway pier, Williamatown, ud shortly before sigfct o'clock whu large nnmhsr of stored ores ud otters won about commencing work, th mi coolly walked tip to on of tbo lamp poets on tb pitr with a piece of rope in hit band. Ho mounted the poet nd in lest than n eeeond ha was swinging from one of the cross bora. Than wu no delay is cutting him down before bs bod completed his sad H was tnksn in charge by several of bis fellow countrymen aad placed in quartan oa board. From what could b lsnrntd, the Ssrang hod teen punish ing the mu, who had consequently determined to do away with himso'.L A pnglltstta oooeantsr between a draper named Anthony Htlllgu and a cabmu nrmai Rillingbam, arising ont ot n dispute ovar tha Jebn't fan occnplod tbo Brunswick Court aomo considerable time thin morning, Billingham vnlug HalUgnn for utult, laying th damngra nt LI". Mr Grylle nppenrsd for plaintiff, aad Mr Demtta for defendut. Tb plaintiff w> to gaged to driro defendut from Mel bourne to Brnaswiok specially, aad wm tendered ta fid for th journey, which he declined to accept as ufflcient remuneration and defendut, who waa slightly the worse for dtitk, took tin money back and told tha cab man to go to a warm place. A rough ud tumble ensued, both parties receiving slight von ads. Tb plaintiff bad no witnesses, and 'cfandant called bis wits, whs proved paying esbby t', and uother proved seeing defendut in the gutter with plaintiff' on th tap of him. th Bench dismissed the case without costs, Tb new buildings Is coon action with tbsVsl- t.ourru Atbonmnm us nearly osmpleted; so much to that thty will bt rssdy for oeenpatios in six or soven weeks from now. Tha buildings ocnaist of fur shops facing Colttas (treat, which sr expected to yield soma L'500 or L790 par annum, Tba library snd loading room us over th tbopa, both on tb samt fiosr. T ia; us st tbs Eqnitabls Store now. Tb reading room is 3>i x M>, the library ia 2S x 39. Too small hall ia over tbe reading room ud library ud is isncbtd by s wide stou stair CUM, ul s US x 3d -, and tbsrs art fir etsss- rooms adjoining tbs email hall ud on tha sura level Th contract wu 1st ta Mr Alsx. Kemp, in April, ls4o, for L10, 435, but tb committee had oborrow L13,000 to pay off tha old mortgage, at d tha baluc to ba need for fninitu fittings ud otter matters fan connection with tb ioatr toiion. Th uohitocti v Kessra Smith and J oh oa ton. Tie popular cantata— Tho Plcnlo-wns vary tlioessafnlly rondsrod by tbscholiof Bt. Bir- nabu' Church, South Kaltentno, lut night, the Rev 1L Colitar, Incumbent of tbs Ohurcb. pm riding. Th antsrtainmut wu givu in aid of tb lands of tho now ebitrcb, ul tbs rations soloists ud choir scqnittad tbomaelvsi .0 the aatlafaction ol u sndlanos that nearly filled the building. In the concert A Winter's Story, by lbs it. Tope, ud Arm, Arm Y Bravo hy Mr Grieraon, wars dossivaily applanlol. Conaidw the Lilrs by Kin Brett waa very wall rendered. In the cantata, the solo, Merrily OVSt th Watar, by Mrs Tops, with tbo dutUofLUy bells ud Roasa.by Kra Whits u 1 Mrs Reeve, snd Sunshln after Bain, by Mre Top snd Miss Meadows, wen among the best rondsrod of tba muy pretty msuoisa m >h which tb piss eboanla. Kim pb'jl,,'Mon u pianists, Kr Hsadowa orguiat, snd Mr Bt", conductor, ware nil that could ba duiscd. antartnlnmoni ia to be repeated on Thursday s T,ning '« tbo asm objeot, th committs bslsg .tefrou of getting tha now Church under way m' rapidly u poaubls. It in anticipated that th myotony of Uyiog th foiindstiu stone will tsk pi I th coma of next month. The cremc da Is crams af th lag,' taiont, find a pile of legal documents, an M pesoant worry. ,ng the Acting Chief Jnstfan In tbs Bjnity Court, and tbsy are lAely ta do u (or oovunl days to com Tha cause of nil this ia s matter between Geo. M. Boll, n well-known aqottitr in Haw Zealand, ud tbn even bettor known Joseph Clark, Business matters bet wsu thsm bsvs jnsvionsly occupied the attention of th Conrtl, Now it ia virtually u appeal from s csrtlfiosta of the Chief Clerk, who found that on 30th Septem ber, 13x9, tbe defendut wu Indebted to tba plaintiff in the a am of Li 7 ,000, the amount at b-i'.e being tb veins of shores in the .'< Zealand Agricultural Compuy, the origin. il decrue bring that tho value ot these should be paid. The chiti cl.-rk ara salad the value of the ah arts st I.i the nominal value being L2", whereas defan dam » asseaament of them waa nil. Thv . v.J inqnaatiuia on the Waimw Plain-, in ii.s the Southland district, where sgngulure , Uie chief indnatry. A private line ot railway , th, Wsimea rials. Compuy, which /una iio ha Und, hsa also bran the cans ol trouble Owing tata po«tr 00 at erred upou the ooui- :-any of taxing the tudho'.dara rostiguon- tJ it. rt>. Lowtver, dors not crop up in tha present cue. When Ihs caa of Reynolds v the r jde-sj Bank was called on in tha Juries of 8ia Conx. to-day, Mr Ilodgee. on behalf of tha plaintiff, applied to Kr Justice Kerferd for lanva ti amend tb stalemant of claim, by siding psiticnlan ol a pro- el damages, naming ptriona who isfnsad to giva tbe plaintiff trust te»"W of tb action of tha dafendut bank ia dishonoring ebaqns. Mr Wabb, Q.C., for the defendut, said bis si Je had only racaivad notice of tb into tion of tba plaintiff to mora for leave to saaasd tha statement of claim tb day Drovioua and than only th names of tb perrons whom plaintiff proposed to mil in oidrr to prove epedol damages wsro given. This, Mr Webb nrgssd, was ut sffleient, aa somas, sddwaaas ud occupstiona should bs In- Mrud so ao to so able tb dsfudut bonk to tsatitnta inqniriss stent th panose is q oration. To saabla the to do tbta, Mr Wabb suggested that if Isov wars given ta tmand s postpone ment ahonld bs grutiA Hia Honor gru'sd tha application to emend, ud ordered s pott- potrment, ao sa ta allow dofudtita tlmo to msk enqniriss, tb costs of tha day to ba borne by the plaintiff. A witness nam ad White, wbo kssps t akit'.l alley in Market lut, wa th causa ef s deal ef smnaemmt in tbs Criminal Curt yesterday afternoon. Hr Fisher, who wsa daf ending prisoner ehurged with par jury, was endeavoring to depredate tb value ot hi ovidanot by crow examination. Counsel wsa net aatiifiad with u answer ba got, ud ba said to tho witssts in n tons that might meu n lot at nothing, " I know nil nboat it. you know." " If you do," mid tb witness, "why do yon ask me?" and ha frequently as kad hia questioner to tall him what to (ajr ud ba wonld answer. Then tbsrs wt matter of time. Witness could not fix It exactly enough, th occurrtncs having ten a tonverss'.iou with n dttactlvo -, it might have tetn five minutes, bnt it wu not long nnybow. " Think again," add th lawyer t" " yon know if yen an having s banquet, four hoars is not long." With that expression of dmplletty which Dion Boucicault, par, fsigu so well in hia Irish plays, th witness ropdel : " But w wars not hiving a buqnst.'' lbs ides of a banquet with a detective— a veritable ghost st s (east : The extremes of demeanor of th witness ud his questioner ud the whole ear- ronndinge were so comical thet even th jnige joined in tha a mil thet had previously u vdoped tbo court. " Do yon know," oontinood Mr Fiabor, " that tba police think thoy cu do as they like with yon?" The witness: "Yes, end ao do yoa, bat ja can't." Thau then wu the reason to be elicited, end something sensational wu utielpetad. Witness (opposed it wu because be bad a license foi the skittle alley, bnt his intarrogat -r add it wu teous he bed stood in tho dock one himself. Tbla caused u expienetioe, witness saying that 14 years ago or ao he had, though Innocent, been in th dock, eome man having "pat hint away." " I make no bona nbont it," be sail, ud wdtod mot q net lions, hat th lawyer wu nonplused, and d- lowed him to atand down. Bonn of lnngkter, which nffootod even Kr Jottioe Holroyd, greeted th evidence of s witness for the defendut in Browne v K'Ktnley today, wbo from what herald " turned sp on tlto «amh giis " If TtnAAg wgntai fca fitiaw Ute inconpeteaot o( tht plftlntiff Browne end bad Mr M(Cullr,of the Poat- offlce iblproom, in t&ebox.; 11 Hon did be do bis work?" "On, err well," eeae the ready eaawer; end u the witnees wee celled to eey the ptetettff did it jott the other wey be completely flabbergasted. Mr leeece, tbe enewer being et complete rerienc# with the instrnctiooe. Mr Wood end Mr Daffy (airly boiled over with delight end oecbinetione, end then everybody else joined to et the greet joke et Mr leeece' expense. Be it eeld thet thet inge&ione; bar rieter wen not without meant Of rounding off the rongh edge he hid met with, bnt tbe main (act could not be got rid of tbat Mr E'Coliy hid been celled to eey one thing, end oow laid exactly what be wasn't expeoted to do. Tlore waa e very funny imbroglio to the City Court to-dej. Two yoQDg fellows, described u mariner, qpt eailore, but gatherora of rage, bonee, end bottles, for marine stoma, were bed up for ae ordinary eMauIt, aad Mr Cell, as he often doee, requested e witneee to look among the epectatore'in the pit, end see If he coqu diaoern any other offender, some wbo weie concerned having escaped. "Obyee," aid tbe witne»t>, u There' oae," pointing out ajonDgman. Tbtj fellow wee qalokly extri- ceted from tbe crowd by e policeman, end con veyed to tbo priaonerb' bar, where he violently protested In broken English u Die ell a mi- take. Mo in bed tot night." Everybody looked earcaatically npon thle. Two witnesses poeitively identified him, bnt it appeared thet there bad been e good deal of beer about. Positive proof wee given that tbe fresh prisoner, e bone fide Italian, had not been there at all. He waa en ioe creamer, not e mariner, end the police gave statutory evl- denes thet no relations whatever existed be tween him end tbe other prisoner?. There wee altogether e Strang concatenation of dream- tantial evldenoe tho other wey, to cause the Italian had eome round to tbe wetchhonao wbUo tbe offenders were locked np, bet it appeared thet he same then to bell out Villanl end Podeata, two loe-creamers, locked up for obstructing the thoroughfare. Mr Call discharged the Italian, whose alibi wei fully Htablisbcd, but he might very reidiiy have been cent to gaoL All hla profuse gesti culatioBs bad looked wonderfully like a fraud, %ad were treated as such by the Bench end public until tbe explanation came. A reriooe order wet made by Mr Pantoo to day, in tbe District Conrt, against Moos. Poomrd, the late eonductor of tbe orchectrs at tbo Opera Hones, end husband of Pouaatrd, otherwise MoLtal, tbe prime donna Cases against tbe Ponsierdi have been frequent n this conrt. One wa< by Mary Fitzgerald, a poor servant girl, to whom M. Poaseerd gave tbe following document, with tho txlravagant addition of a twopenny postage stamp, MI owe to Mary Fitzgerald the snm of Lie 2«, which mm I shall pay bar ae soon I shell bo able to do to H. Pooeseid." Tbo valiant Me y summoned him ndey In tbe District Court, under trend snm- mobs, bat be did not come. Mr Penton, in de> fault, made en order of foil teen days' imprison ment against bim, unless be paid. At tbe Brunswick Oourt this morning, a man named Thomas Ltvaila was eharged with work- leg a bono under drenmstenoee javolvig cj unity. CoLitable Wiliisms proved the enlmil was being worked with very sore shoulder?, rone of the woundi being three inches in length. Defendant was fined 40s, in default seven days' imprisonment. The following ere tho readings by Gaumt'i instRtmeato: — Barometer, 80.050, falling. Heat to sen to-day, IS noon, 82. Tbe highest reading of Gaont'e thermometer In the shade, Boarke street, yesterday, was 90, and tb? lowest, from 9 ul yesterday to 9 mm. today, 46\. The highest reading to the ran yae. terday wm 116. Tha billiard match for £200 and tho cham- pionship of Victoria, which takes plaoe this evening between C. Memmott and H. Power, U exoittog a good deal of interest amongst sp>rt- tag man. Tho final deposits of £;:» aitraC won stakod in tbe hands of the editor "Sportsman" yestarday and the match corned P& nt 7.30 this evening at Boss ton's Royal Hot', Victoria street. Moesre GemmeB, Tuckett aad Co. will to morrow toll by auction, on the ground, at 3 0 dock, a brick villa rretdenoa situate at Heidel berg. Messrs Patterson and sons will eell to-mor row at tbeir rooms, Collins street east, the wtll- knovn Job Smith's estate and re'idenoe at Xorthcote. Tbe land comprises 45 acres, admirably eitaated close to Ht. George's road, u&d; running down to the Merrl Creek. Tbe re tfidenoe stand1! an high ground, commanding a goo.J view, and the outuoueee, stabliag, etc., are %ery convenient. Aialargc.v aitsn 1,-i meo'.iug, held lo tbe 'o. iii ut ' "hn 't ( nurch, South Varra, on Mui (l .y r\ er.iug, i». was uQaaitnoiMly agriod ; » f'-roi u nral I < iub m coancc.iou with the :0'-ai A i ii lei t ie < luti. the name of the club to n tb« 'jvme a- :iie ' iitkut cJub, GhrUt 'aur- .- 1 he ff ii-iwiug offiue btarera were el«ct«j.| for ti.e (omiDp von.-.Presideut.Mr W. Ltoin>»y. vtre-prtoid«nt-. MoB-re Itrooks ani I>-)ugU- pwtraijF, K O F «/gibl>on, H. Dickton, Ito» U Tucker, bev H. ll»t>cook, captain. W !Un vice capuin, H Taylor boo, eec. V. lagraui j treaeurex, W. Holeegrove, 