"DORA DUNBAR." 'AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. "BY MO NA." CHIIPTEI IV.-(Continued.) i"Heigho u what are we coming to i" I ask myself, as I softly quit the room, "Fred with a lover, and Ag. a secrOt I What neatl" In the hall I encounter Vie, who beookons me mysteriously into the dining-room, "I say, Doll, hero's a pretty lottle of fsh I What do you think I've been and gone and done now' '" "Stood on the chioe's pot corn ?" I essay. "Worse than that even, I think. Where is he by.the.by ? Is the coast clear 2" "Yes, for an hour or so. What have you done ? "Wait till I toll you. This morning the chief gave me a note for Mr. Cotton, of the Colonial Bank, and, like the thinkhead I am, I passed the bank and never thought of it, till this afternoon, when four or five of us seniors were out at the reservoir, and I wasn't going to race back four miles for an old pro. scription or account, for I darosay that's what it is,eh? "When we were coming home, Tom Burt and I got behind the rest, and Tom-ho's spoons, you know, on KIat Avery, the mining manager's daughter-asked me to do him a favor. It seems he was see to Iate at the bazaar to-morrow night, but it seome that his governor has taken a sudden fit in his head to go to town and take: Tom with him, and he wanted me to take a note for him and give it to Kate. Tom and Iare groat chums, you know, though he is throe years my senior, and dux of the school, so I was glad to obligo him, Passing the bank coming home I. ran in and gave Mr. Cotton the ahiol's note, as I thought, but-" . "In reality you gave him Tom's ?" "Yes," ruefully. "Oh, this is richb " I cry, laughing at the idea of Mr. Cotton puzzling over poor Tom's amorous phrases, " and Kate, I suppose, got an infalloble curo for neuralgia or dyopepsia in the chiel's oaligraphy?" "No, I saw her passing just now, and, getting out the letter, saw my mistake. But I say, Doll, leave off grinning like a Cheshire eat, and give me your advice." A ring at the bell takes me to the hall door before I an answer him. Opening it I con. front a broad -shouldered, blond- boarded fiSure, the sight of which wrings from me the delighted ejaculation, "Mr. Gotton I" So pleased am I to see him, that, hardly waiting to return hie greeting, I run off for Vie, leaving him standing half-wondering, haltamused at the door. "Vie, Vie, come hero I hero's Mr Cotton I" I cry; and, red and awkward, Vie comes for. ward, his confusion changing to a look of re lief as Mr. Cotton passes him Tom's letter unopened. "I happened to look at the address, and saw at once there was some mistake," he ex lahins, as Vi, thanking him profusely, pro.. Sdueces the chiel'? note, "Will you not come in, Mr. Cotten ?" I ask, coming to my senses at last. "I think not, thank you, Miss Dora. Is the doctor at homo 7" "Nho. Did you wish to see him partiou. ladly?' ' I did, but I can call again.", And call agalia he 'doee a day or so later, Sand remains closeted with the chiet so long that our euriosity is' aroused. "It's no prbfelaiod?al consultation, I'm -sure,'I declare; :"fe'd'a'rook of health and Btroonth. ' I havesit-happy thought,.' He's ;askinge the chifo for you, Ag I posting him up n his expootations, antecdents, etc. Fancy being rre, Dick Cotton? ye Gods I What's in a name? 'A rose-by'any other name would smell as sweet,' saye Shakespeare, but I don't agree with him. Call a rose a cabbago, and you rob it of half its oliarmo, in myopinion. eignolI Mrs. Dickl Cotton, hi? I'd go in single blessedness to my grave ero I'd hear scoh a name. Dora Dunbar, I'll continue till the end of the ohapter if I can't chango the Dunbar for something :as mellifluous at least, "I.prophesy that we shall see you Mra, noots or something of the sort yet," laughs Flreddie. "Neaer l" in ,traigl tones, "aelcome acelent spinsterhood, with its attendant horrors of parrots and tabbies, first I" "Ay, at sweet s eventeen," ohimes In Ag, now its 'Whom shall I have?' but seven years hence it will he, 'Who'll have me ?' if you are still D. D. You remember the girl whose master overheard her praying for a huseband, 'Aught but a tailor, good Lord,' and how she obhanged her tune when he, dis. guisin his voice, answored, 'A tailor or aeone 'A` tailor, Rood Lord, a tailor,' was llor cry then, to with you-nothing but Pitherhort or Montmorenl will suit you eow, but soon-" "Spare me, Ag," laulghingly stopping my eare, "I gi in, silenoced, if ot convinceoo. Time will toll,. eanwhile what's the plot torming in the den 7" "Time will tell," mimics Feadio, ag .a vatingly. Days and voek go hy~ l however, nd tell Zs nothing, ' nr. Onttori and the chieb davelop a ouddien appreolation of eaulch other's ooiety, and Once a week, at least, the big, brown-behnrdod Oguroe, In cool0lo.bio g greys, loome above our restlvr board, and his mellow laugh "?.?.ts tac eahs, oi ili lef n as he joins the chlied in hiJ after.dinner smoke. Nowt rnd then le peonde an evening with the " feonalo ulemnt" of the family, joining in Frcddit'e songs, beating Ag Ag t olbese, and ignoring io iou toto, as a rule, though I sometimes flud his bluo.gray eyes flxed on me in.a way that onfusees me consider. ably. "Ad," I say oner, when he goes, "I wich you'd brook your brown bear of his h?d habit ofst aring people out of counten. unte " "IHe never stares at me," micohievously affirms Ag. "IHe must take me for an escaped member of a men'ngerie." "Perhaps thinks you are a little dear," suggeets Vie. "That', borrowed, Vie." I assort disdain. inlly, "be original, or perish in the attempt, For the fnture I mean to be nton eot when he samoa." "Wonder will ho eurvive ?" queries the incorrigible youth, "you'll have him singing, ,'Thoughl l?st to eight to memory dear' under your wiudowp the. first moonlight night, Doll." .... A well aimed }.blow with a sofa couhion smotherf his last word, then I have to use my heelo to sav rmy ears. Out of the draw. ing-room, through the ball, into the dining. room, round and rotund its long table, and out again heand flet--horrors of horroro- into the chief. Warned by my ejaculation of dismay, Via mear.nly skulks off, leaving me to boar the brunt of the 'battle, and woo is mel What a hail of words beat round me-wrath, reproof, rlatiro, vituperation, indignation, all in turu, till at last, breathless from the oom. bined eltoles of bis own eloqueonce and my wreiiht, lie makes for the den. Then I sneak off to the lhithen, whore I find Ag and frcd looking so ridioulously meek and sympathetic that I laugh myself off into a lit of hyeterioe, out of which Via bringo me by a libe:al use of water and abuse, "Dall, you great gawk," he begins, dons. ing me with a cup of water, " what do you mean ? The idea of yoe making such a fool of yotraocl. Come, stow that trash, or I thaI1 call the hiefl," and so on till I recover my equilibrimn. ThF nest time Mr. Cotton calls how I wish I had said nothing of his staring. Unnoticed by him, they torment me at every turn-oven Ag cannot resist flxing her laughing eyes on me, in the nearest approach to a lackadaisi. onl,sentimeontl gaze she can manage, when. over an opportunity offera. Then Vic, snatohing up a cobwebby loca ontimaccssar, finge it round tme grinning, "Would'nt she make a captivating little bride, Mr. Cotton?" and, to my vexation and their delight, the giaht in grey blushes like a girl as he acquicco.ee " Vie, you imp, let meo go-you will smother me," I cry, glad, nevertheless, that he will not, because of my hot chcoks. For I can li blind to the truth no longer. "It's as plain an a pikeslaff" to quota Vie, that I, Dora Dunbar, little more than seven. teen, empty of head and hot of heart, have won the love of thia honest heart-a love that a woman might go down on her knees and tliank Gol for. I recogniso the fact, yet euch is the inD coiosiett:oy Of my woman's nature that, feeling proud of tmy conquest-nn I needs must when I survey the stalwart figure and handsomo open face--I wish him miles away in my strange now sense of shy conscious. nes. ' CHAPTER V. Onoe dull drizzling morlingo in early March, the postman brings me a largo, blue, offolal looking letter bearing in its lower left-hand corner the suggestive words, "lEducational Depacrtment, Melbourne." Wito what supplrEBed excitement I regard it-longing yet drending to learn its contents -only those con understand wlho have been through the ordeal. Have they ruthlessly "plucked" me? I wonder--ihat autocratic board of exauliners; or, in the laongn ge of the hinited, has a "Big P" fallen to my share? In plain English--havo I failed or paused? " Scraw your cour,'ge up, old gal," recos. mende Vie, " open it and get out of your hiery. " Do dear," adviees Ag, sceieg mo hesitate. "Never say die, Dora," says Freddie, ' Open it and ' HIIve it out '," laughingly reminding ae of my pet phraac. " 8 be it," and with trembling flngers I leer off the blue cover, an!d, opening out the formidable.looklng form within, run my oyo fearfully down it. "Bravo I Braviseimol . Doll, you'll do us oredit pcl," cries Vie, with a rounding slap between my shoulders--his qtiel eye tr.l:ig in first the long array of " Big P's," for op. poaito each subject - the drcaded School Mangel:ment included--is written "Parsed." " Pesscd in overything ! Well done you, Dora," cordially ehimes in Ag, while Freddie rits munt, divided bctweu aodmiration of me and my "Big P's." Suddenly coming to her. self she slips tier arm round me with a hearty, "I'm so glad, sis. Come and tell mamma." Arm.in-arm, with Ag. and Vie trailing after us, we dawn on mamma's astonished vision. " What is it now, children?" raising her. self on her elbow and looking from one to another. "* Can't you read the news in the phieog. of our awoeet girl-graduato,' mamma?" asks Vie, giving me a push forward. "You have word of your oxamination, dear?" questioningly, catching sight of the form in my bhand. S"tPassed in everything, mamma," answers Via for me, then elevating his heand and dis. tending his chest with a comical assumption of dignity, he strikes up " Soe the Conquer. ing Hero comes," drowning mamma's gentle congratulation, and deafening us all. " Will you get your certifiante now, Dora ?" asks Ag, as soon as he subsides. "Nut till I pass in Needlework and Art of Teaching," I reply. " When the inspector comeo round in May, I'll get him to examine me in them, if he will." " And then, supposing you get through T" qucrics Fleddio. "I'll apply for an appointment at once," I promptly rejoin. " It's one thing to apply and another to get a post, I hnow, but 'Nil Desperandum,' Is my motto in the matter." "What if-you are pnoked off to the wilds of Gipp.land, or the' olly ' ebuntry?" aeks Vieo. " I shall seo all the more ofl thebo world," I say, lightly," but wait till I get my certifloa e before we talk of that." "And if you fail in Art of Teaching--whast then?" inquires Freddieo. S"I get a second ohanoe; bu Ihope I shnn't fail, I want to get through without any second shots," "Don't let your 'htgh ambition overleap itself,' " smilingly advises mamma; then, softly stroking my hair as I sit on a hassock beside her, "ro my birdling wanto to try her wingo, tired of the homo.e-neat oh,Dora?' "No, mamma, but I want to seo a little of the world, and taste the swoeots of indopen. dunce. Faticy how smasingly rioh--for Dora Dulbr--I sholsid feel with- my hundred a year." " Never forget we are mates when that's coming in," interjects Vie. lllight you are, ol s-on," I rejoili, strog. Rgiog to fore mytell from the goricly.liko grasp of his embrace. "Lbet me go, I'm smotheoring. Vie, you omadhaoun I would yoes strangle your golden gooso 7" "]Jy George, no I" suddenly relreaing me, " I ihouid b,, what Gordon aslla ' oroe than an hon' to do thaet." p' Spare us, Vie," laughs Freddie, "between Grdon and your beloved Sporpendyko, what an irflietioln our lives have become I" WVhicl is true enough, seein -that Vie has Inttly devalopld a mania for A. L. Gordon'o raey places, and is overrlating " chewing " them over for our bentfit, till in desperation we plug our ear.r, pelt him with potatoes, gag -him, and aerort to various other experiments to rilence his ravings. " I say, though" he burst out, off on lia hobby at once, doesn't he describe Brito marto eplendidly ' Sheo was iron-sinewed and satin skinned, libbed like a drum and limbed like a dear--'" "Stop, flirnd I" ctlea Frcddie, launching a pillow at his head, which Ag and I aupple. mont with a couple more, then, taking him by the shoulders, the three of us turn him Iolus bolus out of the room. Nothting danntlEd, hoe drops on hiso kaeen and recites through the keytholo his favorite piece, "The siock stock.rider." 1" 0 ye Gods I must we endure all this 7' " quotes Ag in tragic tones. " "?'y more, fret till your proud hearts break,' " takes tp Via on the otherside of the door. "I'll break this oane over your back, you young sacrnp, if you don't cease that din," breaks in the chie'so awful voieo; "come, get out of the way." Ientally I picture Vie, poor fellow, sneak. ing off, even as we do, out of the opposite door to that the chief enters by, leaving mamma to tell him of my " big P's." * To my surprise, he comes on, leaving her, and congratulates me warmly. "What next?" I gasp, theatrically, whon ho goese. "After this the deluge I" exolaimeFreddie. "b?ead us thin riddle, someone please," I beg. "No riddle at all, Doll," asserts Vie, "Your euccess moane probably £100 per annum, and that covera a multitude of sine in pa's eyes." "True, O sago I" I mutter, visions of my monthly cheque drifting into the "sinking fund," as we term the chief's pocketbook. "Never meet trouble half-way, Dora," oherflully puts in Ag, divining my thoughts. "You're right, er? oerer," I cry. " It'll be time enough to think of the ' sinling-fund' when I get an appointment." "Ungrateful girll" moolku Freddie, " to begrudge a li!ty to the father who has fed and fought for you for seventeen long years." "I begrudge it to the 'sinking fund,' Fred, BFany toy fily going to. swaell those htoardd lundrede wo ought to be en. joying." "It would be rather rich." " Rich," I echo. "It'd rile mo awfully, ir know. "Come, girls," interrupts An, command. ingly, "Tthis won't do. Be off about your busineps, and letav me to mine, it you want any dinner." "That's a broad hint, Ag, asno Paddy said when they kicked him downstairs," remarks Vie, making a raid on the lemon.peel at the salne time. "Begone, you thief of the world I" aries Ag, waving her rolling-pin wildly above his hard; and, duoking It out of danger, he goes, with Freddie and myself in his wake, leaving Ag "monarch of all she surveys." About four in the afternoon I sally forth to make Mr. Johnstone anquaited with my good luck. As I wend my way down the sidae treet leading to the school, quick stops echo in my rear, and the noxt moment a voieoo at my elbow says: "Good afternoon, Miss Dunbar." Turning, I find myself faco to faeo with "W. S."-the hero of my love.letter-save the mark. It is nearly three months since, in my righteous wrath, I ignored his salutation, and during all that time we have never spoken, for the simple but asfliient reason that we have never met. Time, and perchance cceoess, have ex. orciced a softening effect, for I return his greeting amiably. "May 1 walk a few steps with you ?" he anke lamely, then, without my consent, he amble--no other word could no well deeoribe his gait-along at my side. "IMies Dunbar," he begins nervously, after a moment's eilenc, " willyou toll mo why you troated ma as you did tholant time I spoke to you? I have tried several times since to get an opportunity to ask you about it, but could not sucoeed till now. What have I done ?" "Doesn't your consoience aoause you, Mr. Stephens?" l ask, lightly, though I feel a speoles of contempt for his "mean way of shumling out of it," as I mentally term the ignoraance he is protosasing. "My. onscioncieno " in a tone of genuinoly surprised inquiry. "No, why should it ?" " Because-" I begin, then, woman-like, break off. " The next time you send a semi.anonymous love-letter to a young lady, Mr. Stephour, use proper precautions to proveort its fdltling into a stern parent's pos. session, and bringing the violals of his wrath on her devoted head. "I-a love-letter-I don't understand," he stammers, looking at me in blank bowilderment- bewildhrment so real that, for the tirat time, it strikes me he knows nothing of the luckless affair. Briefly I give him an account thereof, and with unconcealed surprise and indignattot bo hears me out. "I had no hand in it, inss Dunbar," he assures me," this is the irsat I have heard of it, but I canooguess whoe work it is. You might have given mo credit for a little more sense than, according to your anuount, there was in that letter though," ho oonludes, in an inojured tone. . "t judged tdo hastily," I admit contritely. "No, rponiteoea poreoontled, I ask your pardon." "You look very penitent," half angrily. "Never judgo a woman by her looks, Mr. Stephens, a smiling face may hide an aching heart." "lalnv you one to hide? I doubt it eome. times," he says, laughingly, S"Query? WVere I of the ges hnu aom yo might easily tll--the way to a man's heart is through his appetite, is lt not? Fead him well If you prioe Iris affeotlon-hut a truce ot suoh nonsense. Toll mo, br. Stephens, if it's a fair question, wham you suspect, of seanding the letter, I mean." "IMfy cousins, Mary and IItarriot Mean, It's their idea of a capital jokol" scornm "DtIa t rhe riting wos oman's. o "Mary ean copy any writing--she'd maka a first class borger," "Not very complimenlary," I laugh. "I toll her shemisscd hervotatlon. Nature intended her tor-" "Stop, atopl" I cry, erc he tan finish. "Gallnotry, thy name is trot W. S." "It eeoms not. Is this your jonrnoy'0 end?" as I halt at the ethool gato. " Well, I'll wish you good afternoon, M3ie DUon bar, and will go and haul my cousins over the coals." "You'll do nothing of the kind, sir, ill have any voies in the matter. Say nothing about it it my advieo." "Thoy doeorvo aeound rating." 'lrIsyho--a- the Stotnhman taye-hut silnooa will servo thom out better; Theoy'll iuhnk their joko tell latn", "Porhalos eo-I'il take your advioc, at anyroto," orrd nsahing bands ha bowe himl s-elf Iol Mr. Johnson id duly delighted to hear of my suecess, since it rolleos credit on himself, and generously offers to coach me up for May, which offer I gratefully accept, OHAPIEBl VI. Easteroomes and goes very qunickly. We had not even a flying visit from Len to break the monotony, for it has been arranged that he is to come over on leave of absence at the end of June, and take Freddie bank with him to share the nest be is preparing. Seeing that it in useless to hold out longer, the chieft ha graolously given in, and thus matters stand. ' Freddio is up to her eyes in the materials of her modest Irousseat, and many a sweet hope and happy waking dream does she stitch into it. AU-her old self again to all appearance- lende her valuable assistnoce; sympathizing in her plans and prospects so cheerfully, that not even my ljnx eyes discern what the effort coats leer, though loan guees later. Mr. Cotton is still a regular visitor, but never by any chance do I give him an op. portunity to speak more than common places, for I verily believe should he say ,'Be mine" (as the journals have it), I'd say '.yes," out of sheer lsok of heart to say, '-no." Besidoe, did I love him ever so much "I'm over young to marry yet." Ihave no notion of resigning my liberty so soon, for thus I look on matrimonial bliss, judging it from the Dunbar sample. Ernest Williams rarely puts in an appear. nnce now. "Hard at work, oramming for next exam.," is his excuse, but time tells a different tale. Beyond an ocasional passagenat.arms with the chief, we have nothing to disturb the oven tenor of our way. Even he is singularly amiable, considering that his digestive organs are, two-thirds of the time, at my tender mercy, while Ag is helping Freddie. Via affirms that I am either laboring under the idea that-emu-liko-they can digest anything, or taking a mean advantage of the present opportunity to pay off old scores. "Doll," he says, caustically, at~one meal, " you ought to take out a patent for these cones - -warranted to defy the sharpest teeth ;"and again, "forhumanity's sake, Doll, spare us another infliction of mineo this week. This is the third time we have had it, and to. dciy its ouly Wedneeday. Enough'd as good S?a leasti." Hi crowns the long list of insulting in. uendoas I havo had to bear during my brief rule over the culinary department the follow. ioig evenicg, when the ebief brings Mr. Cotton hoes to dinner. We have become used to his dropping in at all times; nevertheless, I wish him far enough away on the occeasion, for my dinner is a failure, even Ag,--who will say a good word if one is to he said-has to admit. "You have eclipsed youreelf to.night, Doll," anroa?lically, Vie begins, surveying the elice of dried.up, over-done beef, flanked, by a email pyramid of underdone vegetables graoing his plate. "Shoe's ben experimenting on us unlortunstes lately, Mr. Cotton- seeing how much the inner man can stand. I'm going to suggest an addition to the litany next Sunday, ' From Dora Dunbar's cooking powers, good Lord deliver us.' ' May good digestion wait on appetite I' " hb ooncludes devoutly, vigorously attacking his moat, as the chidl-who had been called away-re. enters the room. nrot and airoy, I have hardly time to cool down ere the chief Ioas a slap at me. "Dorn, my dear," smiling benignly, "You should send specimens of your triumphs in the culinary line to our next chow, I'll guarantee you'd take firee prize." "fame was not built in a day, paps," I say, foreing a smile, though I am ready to cry with vexation; which inclination is not lessened by the sympathetic gaze of our guest's gray.bluc eyes, which I encounter as I withdraw mine from the chief. "Ambrosia and nrctar, I suppose it was to him when lihe learnt it was your fair hands prepared it," laughs Freddio afterwards, in the sanctity of our own room. "Well,it it doesn't cure him ol his passion, 1 am sure nothing will. The man who could calmly contemplate taking to himself for life the originator of such a repast, is not to be measured by the standard of ordinary men." it does not oure him, judging from the continued regularity of his visits, but it puts an end to my authority in the kitchen. From that day I oflieiate in it only under Ag, serving an apprenticeship, as it were, that cnay end in my becoming a good cook. May brings the inspector and my dreaded ordeal; from which, to my surprise, rather, I come off with flying colors. Then I send in an application for a position as nasiatant in a large, or head.teacher in a small school; which done, all I have to do is wait patiently. During the last week of June, Loex arrives, happy and handsome in his character of bride.groom-elect. Then for a week all is hurry and buatle, quiet nas the wedding is to be. The auspioiouo day dawns fair and fresh, and at an early acour Freddie.ls up and out on a last visit to her favorite haunts. We have talked far into the wee sma' hours every night aiese Lex's. arrival, nevertheless his brido's beauty and bloom seem nowise impaired as, in her pretty brown. travelling dress she taken her place at his side, and, in a low firm volos, speake the solemn words that mako her his till death do them part. Old Mr. Sutoherland performs the ocre mony, and to enable mamma to witness it, it takes plance at "the rmaidence of the bride's parents," to quote from our local rag,as many term the bi-wcakly paper that is all our town ship boasts. Only the happy pair's relations and most intimate friends are present, but they euf flooe to fill the drawng-room. Papa gives the bride away, and gives them both his blessing, a la the heavy father, in most approved dramatic style, in his speech at the breakfast, waxing quite pathetic in the midst of It. The other ospeches are hurried through, for train-timo is drawing near; the last presents are hurriedly packed; the last good byes are said; the last kisses given, and five minuteos later the sister and daughter who has never passed twenty.four hours from under the home roof in her lifo, passes out of our sight, and out of our lives for overmore--on earth. Thu first gap in the home nirole is made. Ahmo, could no only lift thereil that hides the future, how many a bitter thought and hard word would remain unthought and un uttored I how many mountains would shrink into molehil' I how many matters of moment booome "trifle, light as airn" We watch them till the buggy turns the corner, smiling bravely until thena; then Ag nod I look blankly in oauch other's faces for a moment, and wind up by bursting into tears like two great bsbies. Aflcer all, thero is something almost as sad an deatoh i n a marriage, with its breaking up of old aeaoolations and snapping of old ties. I recover myeil first-almost at once, in fact-breneath the oritical eyes around; but Ag, rushing off to her room, gives vent to a perfeet storm of sobs., "Don't, Dora," she says, almost rouhly, slcaking off my oardesini and, nod throwing . herself on her bnoes beside IFreddie'e bed, she gobs uursetrainedeff, "Help me to boear it, O Lordl help me to bear itl"-is it my fancy, or did she really uttrr thb words? I know not, for by a violent effort she conquers her outburst as if by magic, and rises to her feet. '" Go to mamma, Doll, will you," she says, almost calmly, " I'll join you in a moment or two, as soon as I get over my fit of selfleh. noes," with a faint smile. "Don't oall it that, Ag. It's only natural you should feel it deeply. You'll miss her terribly-" She interrupts me impatiently: "Don't syany more,Doll-- can't stand It. Go to the others and toll them I'm coming." Half offended, I obey her, and a few minutes later she appears, her usual calm, gentle self, making some smiling remark regarding the rice that lies scattered so pro. fusely about. Gradually the guests go, till only Mrs. Sutherland is left. She stays to cheer mamma, blissfully oblivious of her own falter ing tones and suspioiously moist eyes. Tben, drawing our chairs round the draw. ing-room fire,. AS, Vio and I alternately discuse the day's events, and gaze dreamily into the coals. "What a pretty bride sho. made, althouogh she did wear only her travelling dress I" I remark sleepily. " And how cool she kept,". I continne, no one having answered my first venture, "Lox was far the more nervous-his hand shook like a lentaf-as he signed his name." "Perhaps he didn't realize till" then to what lie was committing himself," suggests Via, "signing away his liberty brought him to his senseon." " Sorcasm'e not your forts, Vie," Ag re. minds him for the hundredth time in the last few months. "Till Christmas seems a long time to wait to ser them again, doesn't it?" I put in. dolefully, but Ag cheerlully esuta Ithe idea. " It'll be ,here before you know where you are," she asserts. .She proves a true prophet. July and August go on wings. September brings me the soubstaoe of my life, and, like the dog in the fable, I let it go to grasp at the shadow. I am sitting one afternoon looking out at the soft September rain, when a familiar figure intervenes, and through the long open window Mr. Cotton enters the room. It has como at last, the declaration I have .so long avoided, one glance at his face tells me. Even now, rising hurriedly, I make a desperate effort to escape, on pretence of oalling Ag, but he prevents me. (7iT be ointitturd.) AUSTRALIAN TALES AND ADVENTURES. No. 5 NELL B RYC E. BY noon, e. lWxITWOnTl. "You noticed that tall, handsome woman I called your attention to in the asylum to day ? ' queried my friend Dr. MacFintosh, as we sat in his cozy.dioiog-room one day, smoking tho post prandial cigar over a glass of generous wvio. By the way my friend is famous for his cellar, and decervedly so, as I have reason to know. I had that day visited the Dunedin Lunatil Asylum with him, and he had whispered me to observe one of the patients, which I had aooordingly done witlout attracting' her notice. Slie was a young woman, not more than twenty-five or six C should say, and had that in her appearano which struck m ano being extremely remarkable, She war, as lthe doctor said, "tall and handsome," very handsome, singularly beautiful I should have expressed it, but with a weird kind of beauty that almost created a painful sonea. lion. Her hair and eyes were dark, and the latter large and lustrous, but with that weary, vacant, far away look, that tells so surely either of some great unforgotten trouble, or more pitiful still, of a wrecked mind. She sat quite still, speaking to no one, notioing no one, Still and motionless, except for a nervous play of the hands, a kind of ceaseless, and to me, unmeaning in tertwining of the flogera, ceaseloss, at all events so long as I saw her. I replied that I had remarked her, and was greatly struck with her appearance. "Poor creature," said my friend gently, "she is always like that, perfectly quiet, and yet absolutely, hopelessly mad. Her's is a sad, very sad story, should you like to hear it ?" "I should of all things," I replied, and then I learnt the story of Nell Bryce. " Six years ago," said the doctor, " there wasn't a man, woman, nor child for twenty miles round -Palmerston who didn't know, or who, at an events, hadn't heard of, Nell Bryce. She was the daughter of Dan Bryce, a well to do settler living on his extensive farm between Palmerston and Moeraki, and was unquestionably the belle of that part of New Zealand, not only on acceount of her re. markable beauty, but also of her wit, spright liness, grace, and good nature. Not a young fellow all over the country side but would, so to speak, have gone thlrogh fire and water to win a smile from her, while to enjoy the favor of her hand in a dance was felio!ty indeed. It needs hardly be said that she was in great request at all the little feasts and me:ry. makings in the district, and, in fact, no ball or party, wedding, or christening-was looked upon as very much, unless Nell-oeverybody called her Nell-Bryce was present, and the happy swain who, for the time, noacted as her eaquire, was as cordially envied as.he was hated by his less fortunate rivals. Light-hearted, full of girlish fun, quick at repartee, saucy, somewhat coquettish even, as ahe was, there was another and deeper side to her character, unknown, perhaps, to horself, a latent strength of will and xilty of purpose, which it only needed airuom. stances to develope. There is no doubt that she might have ploked and chosen at will for a lover, had she so chosen, amongst the best and wealthiest young follows far and near, but she laughed at them all, and so far was, as the saying goes, "fancy free." 01 course she hadlovers,or would.be lovers, by the score, with whom sheb danced, sang, drove, rode, and flirted generally, but whon it came to real, right down love making in earnest, bshe would none of them, packed them off incontinently, one alter the other, with a flea in their ear. But the pitcher that goes too often to the well is ourse to get broken, A handsome young fellow named David Cameron, the son of a farmer on the Waikouaiti Downs, was noticed to be more specially favored than the rest of her suitors, and, in short, ere long, he was acnloowledged as her aecpted lover, But there woro complications. Old Dan Bryce her father, who had allowed her to have her own way in most things, had some notions which were not altogether peculiar. Ho was a fairly rweallthy man, while th Camerone were not by any moans wealthy. Then again, old Cameron, though poor, was as proud as Luallor, and was not inclined to sanotion a marriage in whichb, as he put it, 'the laddle oanna bring maut for the lassie's meal," Old Dan lBryae flow into a most unon00 saeonable posln : when the thing was hinted at. "Av coorse, Aileen, my lady," said he, " y'll do jiet as ye loiko, yez always do, but nier will ye get my coneint, nor a farden of my money sayther, until that ould Scotch nagur puts down po'imd for round wid me. And that's the priue of Daniel Bryco; more betoken that's poethry, and so there ye have both rhyme and rzon." Now neither Nell nor David were exactly fools, and although love in a cottage is all very pretty in your eabool-girl romances, still the hard practical reality is another matter, and they both knew that well enough. And young Cameron was on honor. able fellow, who could not bear to think of dragging down a wife, and such a wife, to a life of poverty and domestic drudgery. They mustwait for better days. He would go to the diggings on the Arrow and the Shotovcr, where men were picking up gold galore, and afotter a time, when Ile had made a pile, would return again and claim her lor his bonnie bride. The old, old, story. They plighted their troth, awore vows of eternal fidelity, and parted. That is the end of many stories, but not of mine. Time went on. Noll heard from her lover now and again. He was on the Cardrona doing well, making money fast. So he said, and-it was true. .He and 'hismateo had struck rich gold, and in a little while, a few months perhaps, he would come back to her he loved on truly. This episode in her life was a eealed book between her and her father. He might have suspected, but he said nothing, nor did she. Time stilliwent on, and he was still doing well. He would start back in two months he wrote, in a month, in a week. Oh, blissful news. His choare came to something over £2000, most of it he had in cash, some in gold. He would start in three days, he would be with her in week e Isa week. In seven days. How those days legged. Would the week never be over ? Alas I alas I Better for her iflt never had. The road, or rather track, for made road there was none, from the Cardrona was up the river as far as Boundary Creek, then over the range and down the Kirtle Burn to the coach road whichruns through the dark rocky defile known as the Kawareu Gorge, a defile celebrated for the wild savagery of its scenery even in that land of mountain and of flood, of gloomy pass and rocky fastness. From the Cardronn, under Crnlrel Peak, David Cameron, bidding farewell to his mates, started. The track, hard to find, and harder to keep, had no terror for him, for in his belt he bore the wealth he had atriven so hard to attain, in his heart he carried the picture of the fair face wailing for him in the South, and the dismal purple gray of the stark mountains round him was rose- tinted by the sun of hope and love that illuminated his desolate path. He started, elate with joy and bright an. ticipation of halcyon days to come, and was heard of no more until The week passed, weeks pasaed, and he made no sign. ThO sun rose and the sun rot,the moon waxed and the moon waned, and he was yet miesing, and hope, long de ferred, faded cue l the heart of the weary, weary watcher, and as it did, no faded the light out of her eyes. Hlope after hopeless hope, then uncer. tainty, then fear. And still no word. • At last news came, terrible news. A party of diggers bound for the COrdrona,had missed the track, and at the loot of a huge rook abatting on the Jlirtlea-brn had come on the remains of a murdered man, evidently mur dered, for plain to be seen in the forehead of the bleached skull, were two clearly defined bullot holes. His clothing, torn by the hawks and keas, was in rags, and there was no sign of money or other valuables on bin person. The coroner acmo up from Cromwell, due enquiries were made, and a verdict " a man believed to be David Cameronfound murdered by some person or persons unknown" re corded, and the poor remains were interred in the wilderness where they had been found. The police were ect at work to discover the murderers, but with no avail, Perhaps they did not trouble themselves in the matter oves much, and so the thing died out. The bodies of diggers found dead in the bash were not so uncommon as to create more than a nino day's wonder. And so the thing died out, and Nell Dryae, the bright, rparkling,light-heartedNell Bryce, was left with a shadow, the dark shadow of a widowed love, on her life. For a time she was as one stupeoed. She went to and fro listlessly, to performed the household duties on her father's farm almost unconsciously, sheke lived, but, as it were, in a dream. Then came the awakening, the bitter awak. ening to the full extent of her bereavement, and with it the reaction. It was as if his bloond were crying to her from the ground. Her brow grew stern, her supple mouth hard, her bright eye wild and haggard. She had but one thought, and on it she brooded day and night. R?venge 1 Revenge 1 on those who had slain her beloved. She had road of murderers, impelled, perhaps, by some stern Nemesis, who could not but visit and revisit the scone of their crime, and a strange whim, a wild, mad idea if you will, took possession ofher. She, where thepoliea had failed, would trace the matter out, and where so likely as in the neighborhood of the murder. Ouo day she was missing from her father's house. She had taken the down coaoh for Dunedin, and left a letter for her father in forming him that she had gone away for a month or two, and praying him neither to seek nor enquire for her. From Donedin she took the coach by Tunpokla nd the Clutha to the Clyde and Cromwell, and, so far, all trace of her was lost." And now crame her self- imposed task. - . ` Two days after her arrival in Cromwell, the Queoenstown coach set down at the hotel near the Roaring Meg in the Kawarau gorge, a dark.haired, dark.oyed girl or woman, who had answered a standing advertisement in the local papers (for servant girls were hard to got in those days) for a barmaid, and had been accepted. It was no sineeuro, this plaeo of here, for the house, on the main road to and from the Wakatipu gold-fields, was :mainly kept going by the numerous diggers passing to and fro, and, many of them, "knocking down" as ie, or was, the wonot of their tribe, their hardly. won wealth. In her the landlord and landlady soon found they had a treasure, for Mary Joyce so she had named herell-f-whlle willing and obliging to the rough customers, knew how to hold her own, and had a way with her that kept even the rowdlest diggers at a dis tanoo. She was qulut,reservcd, but invariably civil and obligiog..Yet there was something about this pale, silent girl that nobody could make out, Sho was ever watohful, over observant, ever seemed to be expectant of something that never came. And so the days melted into weeks. Of all the visitors to tbo hotel there was one who seemed to puzzle her. He was a tall, oedaverous, ill-looking, meanly-dressed fellow, who used to hang about the place for two or three dcays at a ntretch, then go away for a time, and return again to hang abeut as before. He seemed, like her, to be expoeting some one who never came. On him she kept, for some reason she could not explain to herself, a constant and wary eyo, wratohing his incoming and outgoing, those he assoai. ated with, and listetning, when asho could eithlout being oeaservcd, to his conversation. But all to no purpose. Sho had learnt, cauld learon,uothlg. Absolutely nothing. Patience, patience, woary heart. Tho end would como, did come, and in tiie vwsie. One afternoon, this man, whom they called Joe the batter, was standing at the. door, lounging lazily against the jamb, amokincg, she watohing him as usual, when she saw him suddenly start, flesh up, .and. turn into the bar-room. Presently a stout.. ish, red.whickered man entered from theroad, and throwing down a pound note, loudly d clared his intention of shouting for all hands, some six or seven men who were drinking at the bar. She quietly served the drinks, keep. ing her attention fixed on the two the while. She saw the tall man had paled, and that his hands and lips wore trembling nervously. The new- comer, who was eomewhat the worse for liquor, was very noisy, and was boister. nusly calling for more drink, which the land. lord, who had come in, was only too ready to serve, t Then the tall man, who had. eidled up to the stranger suddenly took the opportunity of whispering something into hin ear, some thing which apparently hbd the ffect of sobering him at once, for he too turned pale- , and staggered as if he had been etruck. "'What d'ye mean," he s.ehoutd avagely, Sandc who are you, anyhow ~i ." "Come outside 'and I'll tell your.. I've=__ somethiug for your. privat te ear only,'" ,ld - " Joe the batter signilieantly,and with a sinister glance into the other's eyes. He could not meet the loonk. IHewas esvi dently cowed. .. "Excuse me for a minuto, mates," ho. said, with forced hilarity, " this man has a little business with me. Fill 'em up again, Base; I'll be back presently," and the two went out. What meant this fluttering at the girl's heart? Had tho end ome? Intuitivelyshe felt it had. Was she ready ? Excusing herself to her employer, she flew to her room, unlocked her box, and took something from it, then stealthily left the house the back way. Concealing herEslf as well as ice could, she crossed the yard toward the stable, where siot conjectured the men had gone. She was right. They were there, and conversing in a low tone. Soe stole noieQ. leeely round to the door, where, herself un seen, she could hear every word. "It's no use your denying it," the resping voice of Joe the Hlatter was caying, "I know you, Ned Peters, it that's your real name, I saw you do it. I saw you phoot down David Cameron oasplain as I eee you now. T'o shots you fired, one from bhlfind the rock. and one when he was down, to make sure. I saw you take his belt, and drag him off the track behind that big boulder in the creek. I'd have tackled you there and then, but you were armed, and I wasn't, and I reckon you'd have shot metoo. Do you dony itl" "I can't deny it. You're too strong for me. I did hill David Cameron, and now what-Ha I" What was it? A vision of a girl's white face, a eharp report, a whiff of pungent smoko, a cry of "Blood for blood," and the murderer fell on his face, dlead. A rush of feet, pale, frightened men look. ing in over the threshold at the prone body, and, standing over it, motionless as a statue, a tall girl in black, her teeth set, her eyes gleaming with a strange light, one hand clenched, and in the other a still smoking pistol, " They spoke to her, but she did not answer. They touched her, but she did not move, Noll Bryce was mad." No one who has. looked into life with - honest ees s can have foailed to discover that it derives untold values from the love which welcomes its dawn, attends its growth, and r advances step by step and soothes and cheers - its old ago. Human love is itself a pearl of great price. How it enlarges, enrichea, and ennobles life I What beneficent ministries it conducte I What patient heroism and savers oelf-suppression it inspiresl In a mother it is faith, and hope, and patience, and effort, and victory. In young hearts it is a transueforming gladness, an awakening to the responsibility and the rapture of life. In manhood and womaanhood it is the balm of care, a refoge in temptation, and a source of serenity. I have been more and moro convinced, the more I think of it, that in general pride is at the bottom of all great mistakes. All the other passions do occasional good; but whenoever pride puts in its word, every thing goes wrong; and what it might really be desirable to do quietly and in. nocontly, it is morally dangerous to do proudly. A man may he a miser of his wealth; he may tie up hie talent in a napkin; he may hug himself in his reputation; but he is always generous in his love. Love cannot stay at home; a man cannot keep it to himself. Like lightning, it is constantly travelling. A man must spend it, must give it away. 'The time for reasoning is beflore we ap pronoh near enough to the forbidded fruit to look and admire it. All sounds are hushed, love far the hrelful chirp Oi ouou' young bird, to crowdeld in.its nest; The very air is still, the tired lehave dtoop And each wild thing is oeetpd in perfect rest. Afar, I sete tIe to'oerirg vili-ga spiro Sharply defined .gainctrht emidtightt sky, 'While, etarlilngly, twoleo uolemn a tltok., and slow;' " - Proclaim the hour o dread and mystery. Am I, alas I the only weakig thing Gooadedby thoughts too desperate forolccp? Not even a ghost to keep me caompayy, In this stern vigil I am forced to keep I - Wo are alone, my soul, with our despair, ' . And you may tell me all the'truths you will-- . No sophietrice of laughing, hlntling day Can stand between us, now the world is still. But wait-was I to blame? When oironm." stanceo Will hledgo the best of men, till wild they grow, And, like a stream dammc tip, o'creprcad Sthe banks And work destruction inl their overflow. Ohl soul, why should you foolishlly romai . To suffer in tills hotoe ot ntrroc girth ? .. ' Note the wide epacet in tI, architlod shy, And break the door that poiauns you to earth I Let us go forth, and leave remoree bhhlnd, With all the haunting, taunting slop~es of sin; ' 'The world's low jiber, the olinging memasle That drive us mad vwith their cterncal din. What's that you eoy ? Wo cannot thus e?cepe, BRemorse has now become a part 0t yon? Is it immortal, then ? Oh I soul, obe iond, And tell me-tell me thLt this not true l The air grows ohill--with dawn the rinhig wind Multers and moans amid the otarlled trees; The spire pintola upward but the stars have IAnld hope li fled-I s?iecr in tnhe hcearl Fe',nn t . Nonvonsim 494 