The First Long-York Debate. [Br Sketoiicb ix the Courier.'} The Academy of Music was crowded on Tues day evening. By 7.45 p.m. the throng that waited impatiently until the time when cash should be as good as tickets had filled tho vestibule and overflowed on to the footpath. It was useless to try the reserved seats, for they were packed long before. In the alleyway, a mass of humanity had squeezed itself, trampling the mud into a hard earthen floor, through which for a good lifteon minutes beforo, ticket holders had to plough and push their way to tho gallery door. Lest they should take fright at the mob of untickcted shilling folks the doorkeepers encouraged them by calling on all privileged ones to come forward and claim their own. Inside, it was a sight to bo remembered, still more remarkable than ut the timo when Booth entranced his hearers there with recollections of the ' Boys in Blue.' From floor to roof it was filled ; at 8 o'clock not a seat was empty, and scores' were turned away. It was an audience that might well give pleasure to any speaker, an audience of big-nosed men, of the men who think. There were women present, of course, among ' tho spruce and comfortablo-looking holders of 3s seats, as among the work-a-day people who filled the gallery ; on tho platform also — both sturdy Christian and enthusiastic rationalist. That the vast majority were men — pillars of tho Y.M.C.A. and freethought lights, colo nials who drank in their doubts of the old faith from the Liberator, and members of the Radical clubs that put Brad- laugh in the niche from which he has cast their God. There was a double row of clergy men and celebrities on tho platform to give èclat to tho proceedings and there was the senior member for the valley, who took tho chair, and a late aspirant for Valley honours who would probably have liked to. Alderman Hocker was there also, fated to rise, during the evening, into unexpected renown. At tho front of tho stage was a table for the speaking debater, draped with the Stars and Stripes and tho Union Jack, blending in friendly juxta position. Further back, in a wide half-circle, were three small tables. At S precisely Mr M'Master stepped to tho'ccntral table f ollowed by Mr Long, who took tho right hand position. Immediately afterwards Dr York followed tlnni to tho loft. Iu a moment the complexion of the audienco was plain. Applause from tho clorgymen and a generous cheer from tho auditorium greeted tho Glasgow man; when York came from tho wing a veritable yell went up from floor and gallery, that ought to havo reminded the chairman, then in tho throes of mentnl composition, that an oxpros sion of his ideas upon theology would bo liko casting pearls beforo swino. But it didn't. Mr M'Master wanted to go on record, and go ou record he went. Tho introduction began successfully ; it hardly possessed tho truth which is generally supposed to be unpopular. It was flattery cut from whole cloth, for Mr M'Master comfort ably forgot all about the average Valley campaign meeting, and declared that he had never seen an audience in Brisbane rcfuse to give any speaker a fair hearing. This brought down tho house, which, however, recanted suddenly when the chairman went on to materialise tho thoughts which he had so painfully put together. He couldn't be con vinced, not by anything, if both debaters talked for a year ; to him religion began and ended with Christ on tho cross, and—— Then tho row began. The Freethinking section of the audience — a well-lunged section, by the way — had come to hear Mr H. A. Long and not Mr John M'Master. They attempted to persuade the latter to sit down, everybody persuading at once ; as was human, if not sensible, he got excited and wouln't. ' I will speak,' he shouted, during a short lull in tho confusion ; but it swelled again till only his moving lips and emphatic gestures annouueed that the speech was in progress. Alderman' Galloway smiled ; freethinker Campbell looked as though he'd been left a fortune ; City Missionary Stewart looked in dignant ; and Alderman Hocker got tho benefit of it.' 'Sit down,' murmured Hocker, sot to voce, from his Bent in tho rear. A treacherous lull betrayed him, and his old opponent turned on him in a rage. ' ' Shut up, Alderman Hocker,' he howled, ' I won't allow no foreigner to tell me to shut up.' Naturally, tho confusion redoubled. Hisses, cheers, groans, and shouts were in order, of thu last tho most popular being that there aro no foreigners in Queensland. Mr M'Mastcr glared nt Hocker and repeated that there were and that Hocker was one of them. Dr York, with his showman instinct, smiled ; Mr Long looked disgusted. Ultimately, the cry. of ' Debate, debate,' overpowered everything else, and though the chairman attempted: to persuade the audience that he wouldn't sit ' down till they listened, he yielded at last, and introduced Mr Long by pantomime When tho Glasgow debater came forward, the dis.', turbance at once subsided. In an ' instant order was restored. Mr Long is a venerable looking gentleman*'.' typo of a passing generation ; erect in statnrej -; precise in motion ; naturally tall, andappcar-; ing still taller in long black coat, and long white hair. Ho has a clean-shaven Wesley face, with tho straight, high forehead J that tolls always of cultivated intellect. Ho is tho - old fashioned gontlcman, and does not keep 'ouch with the crowd. Physically, Dr York appears his mental inferior ; there is no disputing that. He has ' the look of a well-fed animal. Mr Loni- . rather edges on that philosophic look ascribed to seers who have cultivated the mind until it has conquered tho body. Perhaps tho latter's long hair does it; such iunocont artifices , easily deceive superficial man. But, however, at first sight inferior, with rather heavy features and short dark hair, getting bold from tho side, with furrowed lines running in all directions over his face — cleau shaved also— with a portly body, and a stoop that is anything but aesthetic, Dr York is soon- seen to be indisputably the shrewdest judge of human nature. He has a buttonhole boquet, and somehow, degenerate young countries prefer flowers to long hair. He talks to the crowd, broadly, sweepingly, as the crowd sees and understands ; it is essentially American, his style— the style that sprang from the stump and tho ballot-box— it passes contemp tuously over quibbling and word-warping. It may not be very logical, as Paley regarded logic ; but it is the sort of talk that goes down with nine men out of ten. He does not. seek to destroy with toothpicks but with dyna mite ; it is peculiarly fortunate for freethought that it has not yet begun to build up. And Mr. Long ? Well, Mr. Long cannot bo judged in a colony where men do not wrangle over words, and where men do not pay much attention to ' keep to the right' when tho left is as convenient. He misses striking those blows in the face which alone the spectators at the intellectual prizefight relish, because ho seeks ever to get in the strokes which, may have amused the old time critic, but which hurts nobody. He does not realise that the strength of freethought is in tho weeping general assertions which appeal to modern thought, not that a Brisbane audience is very different from the staid Scots of Glasgow ; and so when he comes forward to affirm that Christian theism is more rational than atheism or agnosticism he offends his audiences from tho start. He asserted that at the first thought one would blush to think that it was necessary to prove the existence of a God to a British Colonial audience. Expressions of discontent greeted this cut at tho opposition, which he allayed by asking those present to be a jury and to judge fairly and impartially between him and York. Having thus opened the ball, the Glasgow man deliberately dropped the qualifying term ' Christian ' theism, and spent his half-hour in building up a defence of theism, pure and simple. He submitted three propositions— (1) That matter is eternal- (2) That spirit is eternal ; (3) That matter and spirit are both eternal— analysing them skil fully and well as the analysis of tho pre. cise school goes. He brought forward the grand argument of design — ever the most conclusive of theistic theories, and claimed logically that, as there was system, there must be God. Matter could no more make anything than an anvil could make a blacksmith ; matter must have been created, because there was no other origin for it. It was unreasonable to suppose that an unintelli gent spirit gave to iron the properties it possessed, and it must have been an all prevading spirit by whose will iron burnt in the body, shone in the sun, was in the fixed stars. That creator, that intelligence, that all pervading being was God. Ho then drew atten tion to various wonderful astronomic facts as proof of theism, and claimed that scientists nearly all agreed that tho origion of life must have been eternal. Passing to the moral proofs of theism, he quoted' the universal sense of duty and the universal prevalence of religion. Tho claim that religion came from ancestors only removed the question one step. If it originated in the worship of ancestor, why did not the men who believed in development worship tho gorilla. This hint drew forth much laughter and applause, amid which Mr M'Master tiugled the bell, and told tho speaker that it was five minutes to time. It is only fair to tho chairman to mention that after the first disturbance calmed down ho discharged his duties with tho utmost courtesy and im partiality. The remaining five minutes were consumed in a comparison of the earth with the universe, and the closure of the argumont on tho proposition by tho claim that tho first and third had been upset, and tho second proved. Checking the applause which followed this ou the plea of time, Mr Long pointed out that if theism was proved, pantheism and agnosticism fell to the ground. At 8.40 Dr York took the floor amid a repe tition of tho applauso tliat greeted his first appearauee, aud after tho assertion that he wasn't there to play he talked a little to the audience about behaviour, getting it into a good humour, and stroking down a sore spot touched by tho chairman, who had imprudently attempted to quell tho cheering. He claimed that truth was his only object, and he denounced those who would not respect those who differed from them. His treatment of his opponent was cavalier in tho extreme Claiming that there was no necessity for following Mr Long, as that gentleman had not stuck to tho subject, he briefly asserted that he recognised a great power working in the world, that Tyndall called it Force, while his opponent called it Spirit, and that for himself, he could understand matter, but not tho use of putting anything behind it and calling it God. ( Having thus briefly disposed of Mr Long's carefully prepared argument, he drew attention to tho 'playbill.' Bradlaugh called atheism, 'without God in tho world ;' he stood right there, and in answer to hisses said he came by his opinions honestly, and would like to know how the hissers came by theirs. He then compared tho Christian theism to the Brahmin, and raised the following objections ; to its rationalism : — It involved belief in eternal pain; it dragged God to man's level ; it had caused unutterable misery and bloodshed ; it claimed that God was all-good and all-powerful— although so much misery had existed — upon which he asked the question made famous by Inger- soll, ' Why didn't God kill tho Devil ?' it was enslaving and bred priestcraft. Atheism on tho contrary was more rational because it found that in nature there was no more need of a God that a King, Eternal Law met tho scientist at every step; ten thousand things' could be conjured up, but nothing could be mot by Law. Everything pointed to tho world being complete in itself ; to its wanting no tinkering. Science taught that the higher phases of life were evolved from tho lower, and that pain was the necessary result of changing conditions. Matter, space, and force were all that were heeded, and that men had, without God. (' Who said so ?' ' interrupted a voice from the platform.) ' Tyndall, Huxley, Darwin — the giants of thought; they all say so,' returned tho doctor, '' turning quickly round. Continuing, he laid down tho assertion that life was not force acting on matter ; that it was force acting in matter, and that tho Eternal Law had brought from Chaos all tho worlds men see. A perfect God could have no thought, because he was perfect, and could only know right. He was Law, tho Eternal and All-prevading Law. The broader men's minds the greater became their conception of God. When their minds were shallow, they made Him small, and knew all about him. With tho latter declaration, the spenker rested, with half a minute to spare. Mr Long, note-book in hand, came forward, aud naturally objected to Dr. York's having built. him a house of cards simply to knock it down- again. He urged oil the audience that 'the list speech had been irrelevant, seeing that' tho negator, in a debate was obliged to answer 'the arguments of the opener. In tho peculiar, manner which characterises his logic, Mr Long then claimed that in asking ' Why God didn't kill tho devil ?' his opponent had admitted their existence— a claim which was received, with a mingling of derisive laughter and considerable applause; He more logically urged that as Atheism was simply a negation, anything beyond that must be philosophy or something else, and made a farther hit by remarking that if, as Dr. York claimed, 50,000,000 people prayed unavailingly for Gar field, Christianity could hardly he declining in the United States. After reviving the well-known disputation by urging that one must have mind to understand matter, he dubbed Dr. York's speech a mass of tangled, mixed, and absurd complications, and declared that it was impossible to worship nature, While arguing for pure theism by asserting that something must have been anterior to nature, the bell tingled, and the audience united in cheering, some the retiring, and some, the rising speaker. Dr York again claimed that his opponent was not touching on Christian theism, and, after declaring that work was tho worship of Nature, he once more built up a version of the Christian faith, taking very good care, of course, to give it credit for nothing that he could not as speedily knock down. He par ticularly impeached it for its treatment of women, and propounded to Long a series of questions relative to the intention and possi bility of hell and the cause of sin. When Mr Long once more took the floor he was getting excited, and declared it as tonished him, though an old debater, to find that his careful arguments should be looked at with no more notice than if he had sung a comic song. He declared that York admitted a God repeatedly, that he got his belief from the Bible, and that, not only was Newton a Christian, but that Darwin believed in a Creator. He churned also that Christians had as much right to exercise their thought as their opponents, and that it was absurd to say that a man who was digging potatoes was worshipping. The latter drive at Dr York did not seem to please the Freethinkers pre sent, who loudly termed it ' bosh,' and called for arguments. Still further discontent was caused by his declaration that there would be mourning and lamentation when he went home and told them what the colonies were coming to. Continuing, he said that his op ponent quoted much from the bible, though he claimed not to believe it; for himself, he thought that if a man married a woman he should live with her. Dr York had spoken of witches and he wished the witches would put some wit into that gentleman. This created another tumult, amid which the speaker declined to answer the questions put as they were from the Melbourne ' Liberator,' and retired. When Dr York came on for the last time, the miserable game of cross purposes was still more plainly apparent. He again assailed the theology, upon which Mr Long had not entered, and stated that tho Christian theism was stolen from the Jews, and the trinitarian doctrine was an imposture. Tho Jews never claimed it, Christ never claimed it, it was irrational; he had no fault to find with Jesus of Nazareth and his work ; on the contrary, he loved him because he used the strong arm of his intellect to break down priestcraft. Many saviors had given their lives to make men free — not only Jesus. Jesus added nothing to the Jewish commandments, and Egypt had those commandments long before the Jews. That concluded tho debate by limitation of time, not by exhaustion of topic ; for both speakers were plainly wound up, and could have kept on for weeks without really crossing swords. During the evening Mr Long stood calmly, except on rare occasions, while Dr York wandered about the platform like an unhappy ghost, gesticulating freely, and occa sionally addressing himself personally to individual members of the audience. Before the meeting closed he proposed a vote of thanks to Mr M'Master, which Mr Long seconded. Then everybody went home, and the first Long- York debate ended at 10.10 sharp. 