THE MELBOURNE DRAMATIC COMPANY. ' HAMLET.' At the Academy of Music last evening a benefit was accorded by the Melbourne Drama'ic Company to that accomplished and favoire actcr, Mr G. R. Ireland. The piece chosen was Shakespeare's mas terpiece, ' Hamlet,' and to give the per formance its due, we must say it was a fine production. During the week we have seen Mr Ireland in several strangely different characters, but in all the sterling actor was observable. His S.r Ruthven, tns uccle belim, ns Pierre, and his Varnish, were powerful representations cf the authors' meaning, hut his young Dane shone above all as a good deed ' shines in a nau^h'y world.' An old playwright wisely remarks — ' Every actor aud, indeed, every auiatiur, is ambitious to play Hamlet. Not oniy bo, but nine aspirants out of ten beiitve they are qualified to pxcel in impersonating the utost difficult, the most complex, and the most profoundly philosophical of all the characters of the Shaksperian drama. More often than otherwise the result is something which ranges between rant aud respectability.' Mr Austin Breieton, in his book ' Some Famous Hamlets,'1 men tions the names of Betterton, Garrick, Edmund ivean, a id Macready, as four of the finest exponents of this ' most com- ' p'ex' character the w .rid has yet seen. ' Macready,' he says, ' who playtd the part for the firsf. time in 1821, and for the last time ill Idol, when he was noarly CO jears of age, gave a scholarly and im pressive rendering of the charactsr. He w:is studying it, however, to the close of his life, and finding in it continually new depths of meaning, and fresh beauties uoporceived before. 'Ahl' he remarked after his retirement fr.rn the htage, to the present w:iter, 'it is only when we are too old to emct the characters of our sublime dramatist that we begin to have some g'immerings of what they realiy mean.' Of Mr Ireland's representation of the young Danish Prince we must speak in the most complimentary terms, Jjtotigh hiB license with the text wai jjpS&ceable; in several instances. Hin clear ?resonant voice, nicely commanded, enabled him to SDeak t.lio linos with a-ii.- _ a l j i ? — . «Jiuug ?effect, and his acting all through was iUmked for its genuineness ; most notably was this the case where he first seeB the ghost of his father. The closet see e was oae of the ca dinal features of the per formance ; but the play scene, ' wherein he ca'ches the conscience of the King '' was marred by the bellowing of the prompter. The Ophelia of Miss Vinson on the whoie a creditable per formance for one so young, her 1st scene being decidedly her best. Ihe quaint dirge was exquisitely sung, and the auuiencs substantially recognised her efforts. Mr Charles Hall in the dual characters of Claudius, King of Denmark, and the Ghost, achieved a triumphant success. All the beautiful language allotted thesj parts was given utteiaace to with a power and feeling that caused tue auonnce to be rivetted in their atteaii . -n, especially li:s closing words in the third act. Mm Cany George looked ev.-iy l iC'i :- Q te-n; and all through nobly sustained ner difficult p irt. The'best of the em mins; characters was Mr J. J' Kemedys Polonius and Firat Gravel diggt r, b )th of which wero clever repre sentations, and Mr R.berts' Horati*. This eveuiug '? The Lady of Lyons' will close the season. 