THE ST0BYTELLE8. Ghost or Guardian. CHAPTER IV. Forhourslfc mustlmvobeenthatPali once slept the heavy dreamless Bleep of yonth and health. Then her thoughts began to wakon to activity once more, and troubled dreams came to her. She fancied she waa wandering through the old house, along id the dead of night, irresistibly compelled to seek for some ono or some thing she knew not what. Up staircases, down staircases, she went, through the empty aitting-roonis, tho deserted Vault like kitchen, all alone, with nowhere a familiar face to be seen, wondering in herself at the1 hidden impulse which ; ? ? ? compelled hor wanderings, at the secret feeling which seemed to tell her that a task o£ some sort was set before , : her— it might bo a great one, it might be a Btaall orm, but whatever it was do it she must -By-and-by she fouud herself on the topmost floor of the house, standing gazing upon the heaps of piled-up ? , dusty furniture, the damp-eaten relics ' ' oE a bygone generation, ancient tables, .?'..'? ? bedstoads, chairs, pictures, and looking glasses j always with the wonder in hor mind, 'What am I expected to dot What is it I have been set to look for here?' D wn the staircases again she felt liorsolf carried, as though upon the rush of some unseen, power ?? . ful wind, and then suddenly— even to J tier iu her dream it seemed suddenly ?:, ' o_8he found herself standing within the, four walls of the half bric!ied-u|- chamber. The damp dust and mil \- - dewed air smote her senses, and seemed :.;bal£'to suffocate her; a fooling of a'we, of terror, crept over her. The room to nil appearance was empty — desolately empty of human form or nijjtis nf human occupation, liufc there, (is nIio «t-iwl in the moonlight which lay XAw n Ir-Kii/s'iinins; pool in the mi'Mlo -.of! tlin'fl ior, tho; e came to hm* the siuldon consciouf nes- of' a hidden, unsivu prusuncu at her nido ; of a rush nf cold iiir which lifted her hair from hoi forohi-ad ;of aileep, sad voice sounding ijt her ear; and, saying slowly, rlitt tinctly :' Some one is; wanting help.' . ?? i'ati ?nco, with a great start, awoke,' and sat upright in bed. . .??'.. ' Was it a dream I' sho asked lier selfj.puahing back her hair from her exrs;arid rubbing her eyes. \V'aa- it not rather sonif) mystic voice speaking the words that had awakened her? If not that, what was it that had roused hor from hor sleep? But was she awake 1 In vory truth, wore her senses fully aroused from tho spell of her dreams ? For look I what, is this? — what is this ? she asked her self, gazing half- dazzled and full of awe into tho flood ol moonlight which poured into tho room through both her windows. Fancy a stream of still moonlight, wind- swept, breeze-ruffled. Imagine it vibrating, troubled, and then rippling itselE slowly into rest again. No other words will give tho impression con veyed to Patience's - mind, aa she sat thus upright in bed gazing into the white radience. The sense of some unseen and awful presence for the moment overcame her; she bowed her head into her hands, hiding her eyes as one might in anact of worship. Only for a moment, however. The next, with something like a prayer on her lips, she had sprung from the bed, thrown on her dressing gown, with the feeling strong upon her that Bhe was bidden to go somewhere to do some thing. But where — what 1 Bhe aiked herself, as she went, with bare, unsteady feet towardB the door. S ne opened it wide, went outside into the corridor, all her senses merging now into one — that of listening. Here, on the passages and staircases, the darkness seemed to lie in heavy folds, the silence to make itself felt. Not even tho ecampor of an ancient rat in tho wainscoted walls, nor the chirp of a singing cricket flawed the stillness. Back into her moonlit room the girl went again, threw open the win dow and leaned out. Perhaps it might be somewhere in the desolate garden that help of some sort was needed by a suffering fellow creature. The court of the grim King Deatli himself sho had called it in fancy that night, as she had looked out into misty gloom. Now, with this white moon light outlining and transfiguring tho wilderness of ragged trees, stalwart weeds, broken and half- effaced paths, she could imagine it rather the dream land of King Death's court, the embodiment and presentment of the fancies of the long-ago dead, as in their mystic visions they recalled dimly, the life they had lived out on earth. Anything more weird and unearthlike than this fantastically forlorn garden and orchard could scarcely be imagined. Into its tangled depths Patience's eyes pierced here, there, everywhere, searching for sho knew not what scene it might be of horror or of necessity. She leaned well out of her window, looking down on the mossy, ill-paved terrace. She turned her head to the left. No ; there was no sign or sound of human life, only the pale, rippling, silent moonlight, everywhere trans forming the commonplace into the ppetic. She turned her head to the right, leaning well out to got a good view of the frontage of the house, and then — her heart seemed to stand still, her warm blood to turn to ice in her veins, for there, walking along the narrow ledge .beneath the windows, showed in the white moonlight the dark figure' of a man ! Eked out by its own shadow up the front of the house to twice its length, it showed like some gigantic and grotesque signal hung out between the white earth and-the night-blue sky. Little by little, as the figure slowly advanced, she made out that it was hatless and bootless, that it was feel ing with one hand as though for the windows of the house as it came along. And was it — could it be possible? — yes, it was none other than Frank Charteris, her uncle's guest of over night. For a moment wonder swamped her power of thought. Then a sudden, terrible suspicion flashed into her brain-^he must be walking in his sleep. His slow, automatic, yet withal dreamily uncortain method of proco duro proclaimed the fact ; and more over, no other explanation of tho mystery was possible. His brain weakened with ovorpres suro, and at the same moment iu a febrile and super-sonsativo condition, had grasped and held with tenacity the latest idea presented to it; and here was he acting out with sealed senses what would have been to a healthly minded person nothing more than a troubled dream. Great heavens! A sloping shelf barely fourteen inches wide, aud thirty foot from the level of the ground ! A possible false step and then an awful death I All this rushed at ono beat through Patience's brain, followed naturally enough. by the eager question — how was he to be saved, with not a ladder at hand, not a soul in tho house save herself ajid Uncle Eiobard, and he, most probably at this hour, locked in his firat and heaviest- iileep. Instinct, or a quick imagination, must havo answered tho question, for pxpurionco of such canes she had none. It occurred to her how at times the lives of lunatic* had been saved by persons quick to seize upon and fall in with their whin oE tho moment. What wua the . fantaati' whim at this moment at work on the sleepwalker's bruin ? Most probably the exploring ? of tho bricked. up chamber from the outer sin.-. The feeble groping movi'in in of his hand up t'n1 front of (hi! hou*i«, 'us half pau-c at third window of tho roota ho ha I occupied seemed to su-»gei.t I lie idea. Very well tliHii, let Win but' Slid that win dow ope.n— ?.;?'?????'.? .'. Here she cut her .though in half by running swiftly, from the room to the hidden doorway in the corrijjor. ' Uncle Kichard ! Uncle liichard !', she calls, loudlv as she goes. And 'Uncle Richard ! Uncle Richard IV calls, back the hollow corners, baro walls and rafters to her till, her cry dies away in the distant gloom. Putting all the strength of her body into her- fingers she manages to push on one side the big picture of tho startled. horse with its supplementary Eoman soldier ; anon she has clam bered over the oaken chest and tho six or eight rows of cobwebby bricks bo hind it. Now she is standing in the middle of tho moonlit floor, as in her dream she had fancied sho stood, and the damp, dust-laden air half chokes her breath ; now sho has thrown up tho creaking, long out of use sash, and thoro she stands with eyes straining, hands outstretched and heart burd ened with such a load of prayer it cannot find its way to her lips, waiting the approach of tho somnambulist. On he comos with tho same dreamy yet withal automatic stop as before, his left hand still groping uncertainly against the wall, his right hand out stretehed as though to balance his body. At the corridor window he half pauses. Patience's heart beats wildly ; what if he has, somehow, lost count of the windows, and in his endeavour to lift that sash loses his footing and falls backward ? Tho thought is too awful. Sick and giddy sho momentarily closes her eyes. She opens them to find that the corridor window has been passed in safety and that he is now not half a dozenstopa from her outstretched hand. But his lingering, uncertain feet prolong those steps to twice or thrice 'their number. Five minutos seem to pass, ten, fifteen, an hour, measured by the terrible suspense which holds her. At length biB white faco shows in the moonlight almost on a level with hor own, or perhaps an inch or bo higher ; with wide open, unseeing eyes, ho seems to be staring at her, He gropes in vaiu for the glass of the window, and Patience takes gentle hold of his outstretched hand. All in a flash oE thought it comes to her that if he loses his footing no\i it means death for both, for his heavier weight must overbalance hers and drag her with him in his fall. Her head whirls, her nerves begin to fail. Ah, thankhea ven ! One slow, sure foot he is placing on the sill of the window, another, and he is standing safe within tho room ; consciouBncBB haB come back to his. oye, to his hand, and Patience is say ing in a choking voice, with clasped Hands : ' Ah, thank heaven first, then me !' and Frank Charteris awakens to the knowledge of the fashion in which his life has been saved. Thus it was that on the very spot on which some two hundred years back a life had been lost and a heart's happi ness wrecked, a life was saved, and the foundation of a life's happiness laid. For, of course it ended in the manner in which adventures usually end where a youth and maiden, fancy free, find themselves partners in a game of peril. Frank fell iu love with Patience, Patience fell in love with Frank, and they each decided that life wduldn't bo worth living unless it .could be lived out in the company of the other. Naturally, the doctor saw the matter through his own spectacles. 'You two furnish another instance ' he said, making his iron-grey curls wrinkle in the maddeat fashion possible ' of the miserable lock of individuality of the human race. Here you are doing just exactly what any other man and girl would do, will do, under similar conditions,, times without number, all the world over,' Patience mildly suggested that, at any rate, her dreams and visions on that memorable night were not exactly those of the- whole human race, ' times without number and all the world over.' The doctor turned upon her sharply. Those dreams of yours my dear niece, wero just oxactly what every body else's dreams are — a succession of foolish and incoherent waking thoughts. You awoke by a coinci dence — a fortunate coincidence — just at tho right moment. But let mo as Bnro you that such coincidences are common to the whole of that remark ably unindividual and uninteresting race of which you and I are distin guished members.' But Patience had tho last word._ ' Uncle Richard,' she said, twisting her amber bea'la and tying them round Jaok's throat for a necklace, ' I am sure you are a wonderfully clever man and have every one of the sciences at your finger ends ; but, for all that, there aro things in heaven and earth you know nothing at all about.1 — All the Year JiounA. 