CHAPTER LXIL now THE DBSAM CAME TBCE. Shut up alone in her first-class carriage, Isabel Hyde suffered an anguish as of lost souls. Furj- against herself, remorse, sot repentance, ssized her. How easily she might have prevented this horrible end! On that fatal night, when she had meant to betray Gertrude into flying with ColonelLacnox she had madly lost all by going to London in his company. She could have remained at the oottsgp, bribing the woman to silence. She could have gone to a hotel at Redmoss, and left alone in the early morning train. In her confusion and wrath because Ger trude had overthrown all her plans, she hurried to London in the same carriage with Colonc-I L?nnox and allowed him to escort her as far as the hotel. True, she had entered the hotel alone; she had given a feigned name; breakfasted alone, and gone home by th=it afternoon's train. London had been empty of society people; no one recognized her; she supposed that escapade dead and buried. Now it had come come up like a ghost to break her engagement with Lord Dougld?, which was making a nine day's wonder at her amazing good fortune._ Lady Gordon would be obliged to explain to some extent. Lord Douglas would feel him self obliged to explain. Her aunt had finally cast h<?r off. Her family would be furious at her folly, and tbe wreck of her prospeets. The glories of D3ugHa and Doneddin grew on her as they vanished out of her grasp for ever. She was taking her last chance. Her one hope was in the help, the chivalry, the blindness of Lord Cistlemaine. To him she hastened, flying with all the speed of steam through the waning summer day. • • * * * • « Lord Gastlemaine and Doctor Bandal were □neasily pacing the terracp. Lord Castlemaine had sent bis dispatch to Lady Cresson. His one hope lay now in wresting the truth from Isabel Hyde. Every hour seemed a year, until he could get on the track o! his vanished wife. up tbe long avfnne dashed a horse, covered with foam, and ridden by a man looking like a public houap hostler. Mmand beast were breathless, and covered with oust. Th6 rider held oat to Inrd Castiemawa a slfo of paper, ramped and soiled, torn from a note-bo --7. and hastily written upon with a le\d psr-AL L-w l Cwtlemaine snatcnel the paper and read the linss: " Terrible It accident, five miles beyond B°drno3?. A lady in firet-clasa car seriously injured. She is ia a stats of extreme anxiety to see you. Gome at onee. Bhe cannot live out the eight/' L-ird Gaitle mains reeled back against Doctor Riudfc!. _ . „ . , Doctor Eradal, it is Gertrude I « who 13 thft Udy 1 Have you nothing else? shouted Dr. IUndal. . ,. . Tbe man was still fumbling in hia pockets. He found the object of hia search and handed it over—a card. , , „ , "It -was in her pocket, he saia. On the card was: " JcABEi/ Hyde." "Mia!" shouted Lord Castlemaine. *'did yon Hee her ? Was she dark ? ' "Idon't know—yes—I caw her—yes, she was dark and haudaoms. It is her spine, my lord. She ia quiet-, and don't suffer; but Bhe is goin' fast. You'd better harry yourself I" " Horses 1 horses P roared Lord Castle maiae ; " the two fastesb horses 1" The groams sprang about ia the stables, and in five minutes two swift, blooded horses, Impatient f je the road, were ready for Lord Ca^tlemaloe and Dr. Randal. They leaped into the saddles, and were away like the wind. . The sun'had set; the moon had risen; the world was still in the balm and dew of the summer eight; the insects whirred and chirped *, safely from the distant woods_ called thessd whip poor will, or chanted the nightin gale; ana still over the broad, hard road thun dered the feet of ths horses, as Lord Castle maine and his friend went to her who was dying in her wasted youth, and so unfit to die- • They rescued the place at last—-the turn in the road where there had been a collision. Cause—a nsg'scfed switch. More remote c»use—a switch-tender asleep. Still more remote cause—a human being overworked for seven uays in the week; given a pittance; shortened bonrs of rest; length ened hours of labor. Treated as a man ? No ; as a machine. Well, the machine breaks down; the man fall3 asleep. Asleep ? Bather into coma. Who is to blame? Some one is to blame. S?e thia wrecked train; see all these dead bodies The jury will blame and punish the switch-tender. High Heaven wiil blame the company who overworked him; and this blood and his blood will be required at their hands. Here is the cottage where Isabel Hyde has been carried. A couch has been drawn into the centre ol the room, made &3 easy as possible, and on it lies Isabel Hyde, the shadow of death already quenching the fire of her great black eyes, and smiting tne lately splendid color from the cheek of society e Bad ^ Lord Castlemaine and Dr. Randal entered. " Isabel," said Lord Castlemaine. bending to take her hand, " Heaven only knows how grieved I am to see you ii'se this 1" " You will bs sorry about me, Lord Castle maine ?" said Isabel. " Yes; words cannot tell how I shall grieve that you die so young «ind so suddenly. " And you will stay with ms until I die l it Yes Isabel." " It is more than I could have expected; and it is better. What was there left for me to live for ?" said Isabel. The women of the house witharew- JJoc.or Randal went out and fpoka with tbe doctor who was attending the injured, then returned and made some slight examination of Isabel; more was not needed; her fate was on her face. " Miss Hyde, do you know your state ?" 11 Yes, I know," said Isabel. "And what can I do for yon, Isabel, now or hereafter ?" said Lord Castlemaine. " You can listen to what I have to say, said Isabel. " I sent for yon for that. I shall shock you, lord Castlemame; but do not leave me for that." . , „ «' I will cot leave yon. I have promised. " Say, before I begin, you forgive me/' _ «i j forgive you," said Lord Caetlemsitse. " Think back to when we first met, I know ynu liked me; yon liked me better than all the rest; I saw it. At first I acted toward von merely as ambition, and Aunt Cresaon a orders to make a good match dictated. But I grew to love you- I. who had never eared for anyone, whose heart was cold to parents, brothers, sisters, friends, I loved for the first time, and I loved you—oh, how mad.y J "Hush, hash, Isabel 1" said Lord CssJe maine, deeply pained. „ T,, " It is too iate to mind now, ssiu Isabel. «'L<>t me go on. You never spoke or^ acted love, but there was no one you preferred, and I hoped—until you met Gertrude, and 'ou loved her &t; 00ca, when you had known \e m long 1 I iried to win you away, but : u unheeded my efforts to charm you; you 7^-e not lobe won. I hoped to the last— .-.*ped until I stood first brides-maid at your wedding, and th6re I swore to part you—at any price." "Isabel! Isabel I are you mad?" cried Lord Castlemaine. '" This is the hour of troth. I pretended strong friendship for you both. It- was love for you, hate for her." "*My poor Gertrude!" moaned Lt>rd Castle maine. " She was wax in my hands; so were yon. I made tbe little quarrels between you; I made yon jealous, and jonsed her pride, and made her headstrong. I intrcduced~Oolonel Lennox to her. I told her you were meanly jealous, end that he was the best of men. _ I planned meetings for them, sending him word wherever she should be, and she never knew ifc. I forced them together. I saw he loved her; she never dreamed cf it. I asked him to lunch at your house; I arranged the tableaux 1 I telegraphed him to meet us at Bath. I goaded her constantly, to resist you. I read tp him, and loaned him all her letters from Neath. I told him to follow me to Neath, and he should see her. I planned meetings whioh were surprises to her; and I tried in vain to rouse in her love for him. She was his friend—only that—just as cool and calm to him as a woman of snow." "Oh, Gertrude, my darling! my injured darling 1" wailed Lord Castlemaine. " Gertrude f ariously resented the hour when he passed beyond calm, respectable friendship into a plea for love. She resolved never to see him again. He wrote Ire;—the only time. In her distress she burned the letter, fearing your jealous rage. It was to me she told your threat of separation, your order to go to East dale. It was I who painted to her the dis grace of separation. I told her you would rob her of her child. I planned to fly with her to France.. I told her wa could hide in the South of France until you came to her terms. I had hired the carriage, brought it to the «Nuns' Gate.' I put the glove, picture, and handkerchief of Colonel Lennox in her room. I took her to the carriage. I had arranged to leave it on a slight excuse, have Colonel Lennox silently take my place, and go with her to Dover—to Calais—before he revealed himself. I knew a flight with him would never seem innocent, and you would divorce her. I hoped you would turn to me. I cannot tell bow it was—I had led, ruled Gertrude all along—at the moment I left her in the car riage she took her future into her own hands. The carriage dashed off furiously. She wag in it alone. Colonel Lannox and I were left standing in the road. We went at once to London. That night journey with him has Binceprovedmy destruction. I was seen, recog nised." (To be eentinucd.) 