IFlOVClfet I PUT ASUNDER: I OR I IAUY OASTLTSMAINE'S DIVORCE. I — \ H By BERTHA M. OLAY, _ , H A0T1IO1. 01' ' HIS ONK MISTAKE,' ' THIIOWN ON Sj Tin \\\in.M-,' ' a brnuuciiiE roil a mho,' Wa ' -i Mlli.lt ATONKMHNT,' UTO. M CHAPTER XXIY. 9 Tin: i.icn.i: skkd. I ' .V iv I conic in V' mid-Isabel Hyde. B '1\\-,' Tiidy Oastlemaino hastened to' ? nr.BAvr. ' I was longing for you. You can B (??o, J.'.net,' Baid' tho jouug countess to hor . 5 miiti. I There could ba no prolticr piotuto than tho I intfrior oE that dressingroom, with its I lmmlrod treaiurou of art,' ita luxurious Lvily Castlemaino, in a dreasing-gown ol pMi-Uuo ailk, embroidered in white flowers, her !r,ni;, golden hair lying like a voil over her slioiiWorJ, was ono of the loveliest pictures. Ths twMy glow of tho firelight foil lull upon ji her, nnd doepeued thn delicious tints of her rys.1, her eyes, her hair, and her drees. Sho r tainted to a obair. I 'Sit down, Isabel,' bTio said. 'I waa ? lonjiin^ to sco you. I havo ccr-uo to this con I ttaMon, that tho greatest luxury on earth is I to hsvo one's hair woll brushed after a long I night's dancing.' I ' Brushing your hair is no light task, it is I so r.lnmdf.nt,' fuid Isahol, passing hor hand I civcssinnl.v over the shining waves. Carres ? singly; but (ho thought was that somo day 1 that faintly, queenly head would bo humbled I to the dust. I ' t shall not mind it if I fall with bet,' she I siul to liereelf, ' provided only that sho a And thoro was ovor before her, both by day 1 Mi by night, n, pioturo of a queenly Whito 1 11-3B3 f.\lltn into tho dust and tho rniro— with- | cral, faJnd, and dead. 1 Nona of theao thoughts wore written in her 3 ha: ; thvi was smiling and bright enough, aa I she s si j : i 'It was not about tho luxury of hair ffl dressing you wanted to see me, Gertrude?' a 'Indeed it was not,' laughed Lady Caatlo Stnnine. 'I wAnted to tell you bow much I Hcoj.iyud my conversation with a great hero. M Do yon know, Isabel, he aeems quito different H 'win ol her men.' H ' He in different,' said Misa Hydo, with a Bpwuliar smilo. 'Do you really like him?' M ' I do ; very muoh indeed ; ha interosta me M6'Mtly. la ho married, Isabel ?' m ' No,' roplind Miss Hy'di-. ' Suoh men (is IjColcnd Ij»nnos never marry.' |U '? II lit snrely ho lcivoa Rome one. I oannot Ijitnepmo a bravo knight without a fair lady.' |U ' Thorn ia noao in this oaso,''E.iid Misa ffljnyJa, ' or I should' have heatd of it. If ' ^Colonel L;nnos wore to devote himself to any li^msi!, that woman would bo for the time Illiiucen of all fashionable London.' H ' Why do you not enter tho lists, Isabol ?' HMed Lidy Castlemamo. Sho held the shin md,m' waves of hair in har hand, and was Mya'ching tho golden, hue. ' You would win, H| 'I might,' Baid Isabel, oareloBsly; 'but ?HWllioufjh I have a great admiration for KHColnuel Lennox, ho is not tho kind of man I |hp'|oii1'1 fall in love with or marry.' ||a...' Perhaps not,* said Lady Oastlemaine, ^flioughi fully; ' but he ia a great hero, Isabel. ^Jo you eea how the fira flushes from his eyes? ^BahouWlika for onco to seo him in n rage ; W* would bo something magnificent.' gig 'Something terrible,' iuterrupted Isabel. Ma I chould not liko it. But, Gertrude, yon fa&eally; would liko to aee him aometimos and ginlktohim?' H'Yes,' anawerod Lady Castlofflaine ; 'I ?BOBlly should.' - - ill 'Then will you tako a little ndvioo from r-i 'uuuuc i j.ou win never regret «. iou I'omd liko to bo on friendly terms with |olonel Lannos— to ask him to your balls |«a parties ?' I 'I should,' replied Lady Castlomaine. | And you will be able to do so. Ha may ?ven booomo tho tamo cat of tho house, if you Pin follow my advice, Gertrude.' ? '.Lot mo hear it flrat,' said Lady Oaatlo Hiiine. H 'Say nothing about him just at first to Lord ? 'Bat why not?' aakod^Lady Oastlomaino. HWbynot, Isftbol?' a 'I will tell you,' she replied. Sho drew Bff«3hinms wavea of golden hair through hor Mr« minds, and thoro was a utrango, pale ffloile wound hor lips aa sho nnawored ; 'I HP' tell you ; for, with all your quioknosa and BCiClf 'crMS-'i y°u do not understand tho K11 ''iwell ai I do. I will tell you, Gort m^- Although Colonel Lennox ia tho hero Uj ''a duv, tho groat man of tho hour— Sjl'Mj;- hn ia ono ot tho finest of Hor v9 ;' V h olii«w, there are juafc a fow pooplo m f. ,P?honi llu -« no' popular.' «Iimi y-ai'° iualoua oi him,' oaid Lady ;gj ''emaine. -? ?'* »l!' 'l''' I)0 that'' wa-i l'10 fiiplomatio Si i ? Colonel Lennox holda strong polit ?v.j»Vnnhion« of his own. Ho urgau a oortain ? m'n i ?°'ln'luo' (lurillB tho Zulu war which ' ni| lni enemies.' , taino k Wi ]ll3t|'.' cried Laay Caatlo .'i^,!?not i'!'. but few thinga' aro in this ;ln . y raan.v-cd world,' said Isabel ; and ?,„„:„„}' llps na flba thought of acottnin j;i iiieo ilnnn to luir. mirru1' 'iorm bU'''R opininnu on iuoh tier mpiI'M- COnliu'cU' 'aml th°y oUoQ llM »« prejudwea against eaou other,' Kot ono word of tho real stories ngainat his oharaoter whioh would havo roado Lady G.ttstleuiaino disKhb him j not ono whisper of that moral turpitude whioh, would hiivo made him diBtastaful to her. Sho did not even hint ot tho reasons why thoso who dipapproved of his vicos passed on tho other side of tharoad ana held out no hand to him. If Lady Oastloinalne had oven hoard ono of those terriblo stories about him, sho would havo declined to meet him, andwould have known that her hero-worship was waated. Bnt tho impression so cleverly oouvoyed to_ her wos that Oolonel Lennox waB eooeutrio or pooulitsr in his lino of politios, and so drew on himself tho dieliko of thoso who did riot think as ho did. The whola world must adinrro him na a bravo eoldior, n man of maijnifhont oouraRo ; but all mon did not of neooEsiyy admiro his politios. ' But, Isabol,' she said, ' although Rudolph takea tho greatest interest in politiooj ho' would never bo so unfair ob to dialiko suoh a man_ 03 Colonel Lennox on aooount of his opinions, lot them bo what they may.' ' I do not 3ay that ho dialikca him, that ia going too far j I merely say that I havo noticed in Lqrd Oastlomainb a ahadow of disliko to him, a-faint Bhadow.' 'I havo nevor ovnn hoard him mention'hia name,' cried Lady Cautlemaine. ' Nor havo I,' sftid Isabel. ' It ,wns by hit) perfeot siloneo when tho colonel's namo waa mentioned, and tho expro6£,ivo Bhiug of his Bhouldera that I know Lord Oastlemaino did not liko him.' ' You are quick, and havo a keen instinct, I know,' said Lady Castlcinaino ; ' but oven if it so, why Bhould I caro ? I do not liko all ot Rudolph's friondu, nor do I expeot him to liko all mine.' ' At laafc— at last I' Isabol could hardly withhold tho rapturous cry that ros3 to her lipa. ' Here ^yaa tho email eced aown in good ground — if sho oould but ohoriab it, oultivato it— watch it until it grew into a strong plant. But she- must ho caveful — hor finacra must not grasp ib'too tightly, or it would perish — she must not guard it with breadth of flame or it would die.' ' No,' bIio replied, slowly, ' that is quito nn exploded idea— indeed, the Casllemaino idoa of matrimony is altogether out of dato. Hus band and wife in theeo days ohooso thoir re epeotivo friends and go aaoh in hia or her own way,' 'I would never ohoose a friend whom Rudolph did not like though,' said Lady Oaatleiaaino. Ahl littlo eeod you aro hardly strong 'enough to plant at present I ' 01 course not,' said Isabel, ' and thia is why I am intruding my advice upon you. It .you wore to go to Lord Oastlomaine now, and Bay to him, 'I havo met Colonol Lennox, and I like him, I should liko him to be invited to tho house,' ho would, with all tho OaBtle rnaino obstinacy, reply that bo did not liko him, decline to in vita him, and thero would at onoe bo oivil war. You see that, Ger truoe r \- ' Yes,' sho replied, thoughtfully, ' I aco it, Isabel.' ' Whereas, if you are careful and quiot for a short time, you need not havo one word on tho subject.' 'But,, what is your advice 1' asked Lady Castlemaine. ' You have not given it to me yet.' Risoluto aa she waa,. her lips paled and the hands that bold tho* shining golden hair trombled, as aho anawered. ' I should oultivate a friendship with Colonel Lonnox without your husband know ing it ; no.t for long, just for a few days or weaka. Then, when you know him pretty well, and have established your friondtfhip, your huaband will take it aa a patter of course, and thero will be nothing said.' ' That seems to mo a weak argument,' said Lady Oastlemaine. ' Still aa you aro generally right' in what you think, I will bo guided by you. But then, Isabel, Rudolph is always out with us.1 ' Not always. You often driyo alone in tho park ; at afternoon tea Lord Csatloniaino is seldom present ; ho haa hia club cngagc menta ; you go at tiinos to balla without him, nnd Bometimoa to the opera.' ' I did not know that I waa so often parted from him,' Baid tho young wifo, half sadly. Isabel Hyde bad tho sense to know that sho bad Baid enough. Sho was wise enough to know that another word would mtiko Lady Caatlomaino espouse her husband's oauso, and 'refuse the friendahip of a man whom ho did not like. Sho turned the conversation to quito another nubject, butrsho knew from tho ex . preasion of thought on the beautiful faco that tho seed Bhe had dropped had fallen on good ground. No truer or moro faithful wifo lived than ^ady Castlemaine ; aho had no thought, no intereat, no oaro away from hor husband ; she loved him wilh truo and tender love.' But there waa just a apioo of romanoo hero that captivated her fancy— to form a friend ohip with thia magnificent man who wr.3 a mnnt lmrn. Tliflfn we.3 a nleam of romance in it, and she bad not tho faintest idea of evil or barm. Sho was to mako irienda with him Crat, and tell her husband af terwardd, when sho know him well. ? Isabel talked to hor of the ooming masque rade to bo held at Rancleigh House, to be given by tho Duchess of Ranoloigh, and whioh was to bo tho loading fete of the season. ' Havo you decided abont costume yet ? ' she asked. ' No ; I havo not begun to think of it yot. Should wo go as Rebecoa and Rowona, Isa bel ? ' 'With only one Ivanhoo botwoon us,' she replied, laughingly. ' Ob, no, Gertrude, wo must think of something bettor than that.' Sho did not fall asleep till morning dawn ; for in her fanoy, all night long, sho was watohing tho growth of the littlo Beed she had bowu. OHAPTER XXY. the onowrn of tiik seed. During tho next fow days, no matter where Lady Oustlemaiuo went or whom sho met, tho oonveraation always turned on Colonel Lonnox, his bravery, and hia adyenturoa. . Tho niue-day'a wonder had not died out ; ho wan atill a great hero. No now peandal had boon told of him, and thero were somo people who believed that rumor hiut Insuu extii^aiitea. One. thing was quite certain— any lftdy whom ho admired bo catne tho fashion. Ho -,?na an authority pn the imbject of feminine beauty, aa on politics and war. , At first people did not notico bin devotion to Lady OAutleinnino. At first thoy mot but rarely. Lord Oistlemainc was hia wife's Bhftdow; bo was Blill too much in lovo with hor to ba hnppy for ono moment whon ho was away from Ivor ; ho dinliked all thoeo engage menta that kept him from bar side, but thero were times when it wan quito nuavoidnblo. It did not striko L«ly Castlemaino, either, how atrango it was* that whenever oho went out without her husband tho colonol waa by hor hMo at oncn. Lord OnHtlopiaino oould not go to tho Duchess ol lUnekiKh's ball. It waa only at thoJaat miuuto he found ho m'uut go to Porta mouth to say ' good-by ' to mi old friend who wan aailiug awuy. Lady Oastlemivino and Inabol wont together; they hnd Bgrced to dreaH en rh to represent their old chnructfcw— tho Whito ltono nnd tho Red Hose. L'.ul.v Cnfctlemaino looked espeoi ally oharming. Blio worn a whito nilk, richly embroidered with fine peurh and trimmed witUBpruyn of whito roaoii ; nhu worse whito ro?obud* round tho neok of hor dreso, and a lovely whito roao, tho ideal of horuolf , noBtled in tho noild of golden hair. A gonoral mur nuir (,f limitation followed hor outrancointo tho.-:io'.vdtd ball room. 'l'h-.' cobtnmo ol tlio Rod Robo waa quite aa CsTvM a MuarsB.. Tho dark, passionate beauty of b.ib'jl .Ilydo hud,, never showed to Buch advnnjnge uu in the' txquitito dross of palo rofo tils, nnd its elaborate tiimmlngo o/ deep icd' niicB. . Mlin woro a email wreath- of danv.sk roy a in Ijer hair. S loiety smiled t»t seeing ita two favouritos ?in tlivir laat j cur's charnolcra. Two moro NbtauV-ful womeu never entoicd a ball-room. ?Seringa to say, aHhcueh' on the Suturflay mr,ru:n:, when tlmy met, Colonel Lennox told Luly CVlltinMna ho should not bn-nt tho kill, ihi.ro ho wns, advano'ng to meet her,' with a Pmil'j on that bold, hftndaomo faco of .Us, Ik!ut(i which, it nhfl had been a wiser womiin, she wouM have ll'.d, or died. Bbi) was surrounded, as usual, by a littlo crowd of courlh rs : ho towered above them all. He took thci j:wekd tablets from her hand in hh mott-(pRceful ftnd courtly fnshion. 11 1 rnfan to bo eielliih to-nii-bt,' he BRid; and Tsxd) Caellctn.iincBAW that ho had plaoed his name nguin&t; cvrry wbii^. She phook lift blondii hoftd (?ravoly at him, and what ho theryht tho familiarity of tho grac&fnl; get turo intiixlcMed him. There wa1* a s'jiieo of romanoo about it all flint nn)Ur-Cd her; it w-,h tho old story of Hiivuled ftiid ths diaftff, of Oicopatfa and Mirk Antony, ovtr again. To tho krainino mind, then will r.lwa.vi bocomolhingdclifsht ful in tVe coriqii^et of utrength and bravery. Lilly Caetkmaino hnd not the ffiictoat suBpicion of evil. Sho had regretted with rune! bit'er regret that her hueblnd bad not bten ablo to nocoinpdny hrr ; but thero was something o( romance in the fact fhiH every t'rae t'.io music of a wfcllx sounded this splendid o jlor.ul immediattly sought her. Sho had no idcn of ili.-irg anything thai wrta in tho leatt degree imptiic'ent or linatcmly ; but he abarnud l:er so 1hat bho forgot everything 'Afv, and longed for his conversation again. There wf.3 never a wooer so eloquent aa ho. Ho'tolil her ftorie.*, ancodotcs, advonturea, Homo full tf rollioUng futi, some of infinite pathos — all pure as then :h he had been oon vertiilp; with fin a))R(l. But thry interested and ainuml her ; ftnd when l.o It ft, eho looked forward with cagctness to their next inter viow. . ? Ho danced with liei' ro often thia evening, anel nnde fjimiclf hi conpp'euous by hia do votion to her, tl.at Isabel thought it prudent lo administer . a~waining. , It would not do fur Mrntuei or untrained hands to force (.bin eeed, whioh she bad bowe with Buob*earo. ' Gertrude,' sho whispered, ' I would not dance again with Colonel Lennox.1.1 ' Why 1' Bhe askod, impatiently. ' The reason ia obvioua,' aaid Miss Hyde, 'That waa your third wallz, and people are hnpinninrr to look at TOu.' ' To look at me I' oried Lady Caatlemaine. ' What for ? Why should thoy look at me ?' Isabol Hydo shrugged bor shoulders. 'You know how people talk,' she said. ' Suppose that to-morrow some ono jests be fore Lord Caatlemaine about the number of times you havo waltzed with that handsomo oolonel. You would not liko it ?' ' No,' ahe replied, slowly. ' I might not like it, but I do not seo that it oould matter muoh.' Aa it waa in this case, so in every other ; no matter where sho appeared, there, eoonor or later, oatno Colonel Lenuox. ' I oould almost bolieve,' 8ho said, laugh ingly, to him ono morning, ' thAt yon must reoeivo a telegram from the birda to Bay when and where I am going.' Sho did not notioa tho audden flush on his faco, nor tho still more suspiolous faot that Isabol Hyde bad turned quickly asido, bb though sho did not oaro to bear the words. Twioo whon she was out in tho park, once at a garden party, and onoo at tho Zoologioal Gardens, oho had met him when she was with Isabel ; and bo had made eo mush of those oeoasit m that she began to look upon him as an old friend. Sho had never meant any concealment, any disguise, any deceit ; least of all had eho thought in any way of keeping soorets from her husband ; sho had merely oaroleasly fol lowed Isabel's words— not to speak to her huBband juat at first about it. Sho was too young and too guiloleaa of heart to think much of it, or to see any evil in it. She was now on quito friendly terra's with him. Sho had met him twioo at Lady Orea son'fl at five o'olook tea, ftnd they talked on until Lady Caatlemaine had been compelled to drive horns quiolily, and had a very narrow eaoapo of , being lato for dinner. She was less on her guard now, and after dinner, during a long conversation whioh took plaoa on the different stations of men, their different employments and professions, Lady Castlemaino said, suddenly : ' I liko soldiers best. If I woro a man, I would noither bo ajawyor, a dootor, a poli tioian, nor anything else, but a soldier.' It was curioua how straugo a Bilonco fol lowed this remark. Lord Caatlomaine looked at his wife. ' You have few opportunitioa of studying tho different professions, Gertrude. What makes you say that ?' She was conscious in onn moment of her own indieoretion, and hastened to cover it. ' Soldiora are heroes,' sho aaid. Lord Caatlomaino laughed. Yes, thoy woro quita good friends now. They met with smiles, parted wjtb rogrot thought with pletisuro of tho next interview. On her Bide there was nothing but tho feeling of great interest, of quiet amusement, it hero worship. On his, tnoro waa tho consoioua neas that ho loved for tho first timoin his Hfo, and with all tbo desperation of a mnn'tj flrot passion. ' - Verily, tho little seed waa growing, and would aoon bo a strong plant I Then ho becamo impatient to aed more of her, and that could not ba done unless ho knew bor husband, and oould call at tho house. 'Tho Lady of Neath,' bo called hor in hia own mind, and ho wished that tho days of chivalry woro back again, that ho rrifght pfn -.ln!m ]-imna]f tin* Irtimllf Ii.ihl: f.if* ht\t rlin for her. All his past wioked life seemed to rise up in vongeanoe against him, now that ho waa earnestly and deep ia lovo. What a wrotobed past, what shameful memoriea, what borriblo remembrancoa 1 ' ' But aho will never know,' ho said to him self. ' No ono will tell her. In hor beautiful eyes I shall always bo a great hero, and I de sire no moro.' But ho must see hor oftoner; ho oonld no1 longor boar tlfat a whole twontyfour hours should paaa without ono glimpse of hor. ' I should liko to know Lord Caatlemaiuo,' bo said to hor, ouo day. 'Nothing would bo caaior,' aho replied. 'Will you iutroduoo mo, Lady Oaatlo maino ? ' bo aaked. ' Yea ; I will, with pleasure,' aho replied. 'Five o'olock tea is quito an institution at Nottth Houeo— will you oall to-morrow and tako a oup with uh ? ' ' I shall ba moat oharmed and happy,' ho replied. ' It ia tho elcairo of my heart to visit yourbouso.' Again a slight frown on hor face warnod him. 'I havo been told,' ho continued, 'that Noath Houtia ia ono of tho finest mansions in town, and I admire beautiful bousoB.' ' A straugo taato for a Boldier,' aho replied, laughingly. ' I liko a oamp better,' bo oried. But she would not beliovo him, and play fully oalled him a oarpot knight. They laughed and jostod, and woro moro f riondly and moro familiar than thoy bad over been boforo. ? Sho waa pleased at tha idoa that ho should visit, her, pleased that ho should wish to know her huaband ; but thoro was no time to speak of it. Taat evening she wont to two diff eront balls, and in tho morning ahe waa too tired to re member it. StaO had boon anxious to tell Isa bel), but in tho varied engagements of tho day she forgot all about it. ^ As events turned out, it ara not muoh mat tor, but it is possiblo that if sho had told hor husband that morning who was to bo her gueat in thoovouing, a tragedy might have boon avorted. CHAPTER XXVI. A FIVE O'CLOCK TEA. Tho drawing-room at Neath Houoo was a magnificent room. ? It~rnn along tho who'o length of tho building ; it bad six lar«o win dows that oponod into a baloony^whioh waa always filled with fairest flowers, all the flowors that Lsdy Cnsllomaino liked boat small clusters of wbito Iilaos, tha lovely nr.r oiasufl, tho whito daphne, tho white rose ; whito was to b9 Been every whoro.- It woa a room bright as aun^bino, flowers, light, and magniQcer.oa?ooa1d make U. Tho fivo o'olook tea at Noath IIouso was an institution, but Lidy OasMlemaino was very partionlar as to who attended. Tho invitees woro all her own particular and intimate friends, and sho waa muoh beloved in general aooioty. She ofijoyod sooial lifo. To seo herself surrounded- by fair yoUng girls, by witty and piquant matrona, waa'n pleasure to hor. Bhe enjoyed theao littlo reunions. Sho liked to hear the laat anecdotes, the last now noroL discussed, the lust dow fashion commented ppon ; tho newest engagement, tho last faah ionable marriage — all were oonned ovor with many a merry laugh and joat. The ladies woro suoh protty dreasos, tho oolors woro so beautiful, the sound of tho silvery voiees and laughtor wa3 so sweet. . Lady Oaatlomaine'a teas were famous; thoae who had boon onoe longed to go agiiiu. On thia ovaning, when Colonol Lonnox was to pay bia firat visit to tho houao, Lady Castlomftino looked more lovely than usual. Sho waa thinking a littla of him when she ohoso that moat exquisite of tea gowm, whioh was a combination of palo-bluo velvet and whito satin. It waa impossible to toll whore ono bfgan and tho other ended. Oa her goldon hair Iny the loveliest little pioturo of a oap ; her whito hands ahono with jewels. The littlo table bofovo her waa a poom in itsolf; tho old-fashioned silver service, the Sevres china, delicate nnd beautiful as flowera; tho fragrant tea, with thicV, rich oream fresh from tho oountry ; and Lady Caatlomainn, whila aho diapansed toa with her own fair hands, led ths conversation. She was tho wittiest, the quioltest at repartee in all that brilliant band of beautiful women. Isabel Hydo -vvoro a toa gown elaborately oonstrneted of In wn- colored velvet and rose pink silk, tho eoft tiuta of which made her faos look tho brighter. Thero wai only ono drawback to tho porfeot happiness of tho beautiful mistress of that splondid houw as sho aat there, and it was that her husband was absent. All her favo rito friends worn progent. Miaa Hydo, who waa still visiting Noath House ; tho young and moat vivacious Cbunteaa of Erkadale, who could talk twieo aa muob and twice as long as any othor lady ; thoro waa tho beauti ful and bright young matron, tha Daoheas of Weativator; who had (ha. candid bluo oyefl of a ohild, with a mind full of wit and misohiof ; thero wn,s tho swaet-faoejj, nontimantal Lidy Buohfinin, who thought nothiug more sub stantial '.han flowers worth diaoossing; Lidy EiStlake, the leader of tho antholio school, who almost died of asutfliwor and .went into eostftcioa o^er a lily ; thera was tha lively and ooquottish young Mirohionoss of Heathers, who made war all round, her oyog, liko arrows, pierced tho hearts of tho mea who gazed upoivEer, and aho had nothing what ever to ctifcr tham by way of consolation; thoro was Miaa Grantly, the famou3(»feffr'o3s, who nevot opeued hoc mouth bat to utter an epigram ; thorn was tha famous poet, Oswald Clyde, the writer of tho last new paem, whioh had driven tbo poetry-loving portion of tho publio mad. s Neither wit, wisdom, nor boauty was want ing, and Lady Oi3tloraaino, as sho gracefully dispensed the S svres cup', aeemod to hold all the threads of tho conversation in het own handa; it was she who poiuted tha shwp arrowa of wit; it waa nho who oMled forth tho thoughts and idena of others ; it was she who aoemed to bring hor visitors more to gether, mind to mind. Iaabel looked at her vrith eyes of onvy. 'I should hftvo been juot sueh another hostess,' she said to borsolf, ' if thesa rooma bad boon mine, aa thoy ought to havo been.' * Thero wa.? a slight stir when Oolonel Len nox was announced. Moat of tho ladies know him well. Tho Duchess ot Westwdtcr admired him, and hor bluo oyes were never moro beautiful than when thoy were raised with the oandor of ^childhood to his. Lady Eaotlake sighed at tlio mention of bia name ; there was nothing of-'xiie rnstnetio about linn. Tho Ma*chionesB of Heathers delighted in him ; eho liked hiai.atories, hia adventurea, and not being ono ,of the most eorupiiloua of womankind, did n^it dislike him any the moro for his oharaote^pj a gallant man. Colonel Lennox looted neither to tho right nor to tho loft ; bo went to tho beautiful hos tess, found a seat by herAuOo, and asked for a oup of ten from her litindd. She gave it to him. He enjoyed tbowbolo situation ; tho magni ficent room, with its wealth of frngrant flowers ; tho beautiful and witty women, tho clover men; ho enjoyed the conversation, tho wit, tho repaitoo. Under cover of ,o general laugh, raised by the Mircbioness of\ Heathers, Isabel said to Lady Castlemaino : ?-.-,,? ' You did not toll mo 'that Oolonel Lennox was coming.' ;- ' No,' was tho frank reply ; ' I forgot.' Forgot I Tho word mftdo Isabol shudder. If she had indeed forgotten, evidontly her mind was not lUloel by Him. ' Ho wants to know Rudolph,' aho con tinued, saroloasly, ' and I thought this a very pleasant timo for an introduction. ' 'Thore oould be none better,' replied Isabel. On the table near bor lay a spray, of white lilao, that Bomo careless lady had let fall from a bouquet ; aho raised it and held it to her lips ; tho words sbo whispered into it wore the same as thoeo abo- had uttered in tho ohuroh on tho we'ddingday, and when she raiaod her face again thera wan a sruilo on it not good to see. ' This must bo a lady's paradiHo,' said Colonel Lennox. ' I wonder what tho world did beforo the luxury of tea wan discovered ?' ' Pretty muoh tho samo as it does now,' Baid Lady Heathers. ' Thero muet ahvajB havo been something to drink, Bometning oheorful nnd onlivcning, even for savagoa.' 11 Have you seen tho famous now piuturolat tho Aoademy, Colonel Lennox?'1 ' I havo had bo many ougagoraonts,' bo replied, ' that I have not had timo to bco ono-half that I want to boo.' Said Lady Westlako : 'Tho prottiost sight I havoBeoir is tbo largo grovo of chestnut treoa in Riohruond rarlf.' ? - ' 'Iquitoagreo with you, Lady Wostlalio,' said tho poet. ' Colonol Lannox turned to bia beautiful hoBtess. ' My baphelor quarters aro bo limited,' bo said, 'I am mo«t unfortunately prevented from returning the hospitality pressed' upon me: bilt I havo bad daring, nnd I bclinvo original, thoughts (if giving a dinnor at Rich inond, if I oould persuade sorao kind and gracious lady to help me.' ? 'You would havo no diflloully in that,' shosfud; but ho obscrvod that sho was oarc ful not to offer her aid. ^ ? v 'If I am fortunato enoufih to succeed in ray efforts,' ho Baid, ' you will promiso to bo tho queen of niy littlo festivity ?' At almost any other limo eho would hava answered, 'Yen,' without a thought, but thero oairo to her mind a Buddon reoolleotion, that until Colonel Lsnnox had been inlro-* diioed to. her husband sho oould not accept any such invitation. ' I must have time to think of it,' buo re plied. ? ' I shall live on the hope of it,' bo said. ' I am sorry Lord Caatlemaino ia not at home.' 'Ho. waa nont for quite unexpedtodly,. two hours ago'; ho seldom misses tho tea hour.' 'I should imagino not, for it is a very happy one,'! said Oolonel 'Lennox. Ho wanted, if ho possibly oould, to got hor away from thesa brilliant people. It was tbo first time be had been at her bouso, and he wanted to mako a sentimental ocoaaion of it, and eIio had no notion of tho kind. How earnestly bo wished these pretty women would put down their teacups and go. Surely thero had been tea enough I For a few mioiitoa ho almost bated Lady Hoatheia, whoso viva oioua aneodotes kept ovory one in oontinued laughter. If tnoy would but go I It was his firat visit to tho houso, and bo wanted' to say a fow words to her. How was it possible ? The groat poot sat silently watohing him, feeling sorry m his heart to boo Oolonel Lennox on suoh I riondly terms with beautiful- Lady Castle maine. He knew him, know the trath of all ftie stories that wero told about him, know what hia reputation really was. ' If [ had a young and lovely wife liko that,' ho said to himself, ' Colonol Lonnox would find no place in my drawing-room.' But then he was a poet, and poets tako stran&e; viows of things. Then, to tho.eolonol'a great relief, Lady Heathers roso, ono or two others followed her example, and a small laughing croup made for the door. Thopoet remained ; he had seen the impatieneo on that bold, handsome faco, nnd ho understood. ' This is one of hia old tricks,' be eaid to himsolf ; ' ho wants to talk to Lady Castle maine, and he wishes we will all go away. I, .for one, shall not oblige him.' Tho colonol staid and the poot- staid, Until Isabol Hyde, with her usual quickness, gueaaed h Uio intuition and came to the roeoue. She went up to him : ' Have you seen Lady Caatlomaine's por trait? ' she asked. ' Millais only finished it lust week.' No, he had not aoen it, but, should, of oouroo, bcdulightcd ; and Misa Hydo led him to iho library, whoro tho pioturo hung. The colonel blessed her in hia heart ; then ho turned quickly to his beautiful hoateas. . ' I am so glad to have a ohanco of Baying, one word to you,' ho eaid, hurriedly. ' I thoughtthey would never go.' ' 1 did not want them to go,' she said, coldly. ' I did,' bo oried. ' I wanted to tell you what an infinite pleasure this, my first visit to you, gives me.' Sho laughed a proud, oareless laugh thatout him like a knife. ? ? 'I do not see,' sho said, 'why you wish my friends gone, in order that you might make a simple speeoh like that.' ' Give mo something to remember it by? ' he asked. - '! Give mo tbo roao you have worn all the afternoon.' Sho looked at it, then at him. 'I think not,' ahe replied ; ' tho giving ol a flower meana much or little; in the flrat caso I should not give it, in the Beoond it would not bo worth having.' Later on in tho evening, Isabel Hyde Btood by htr dressing-room iifo ; sho slowly pulled out tho leavos of a wbito rone and watched ? them ahrivol and burn in the flame. CHAPTER XXVII. 11 LADY 'deNIIAm's MASQOTsiuDE.' In fashionable life ono gayoty Euooeods another bo quiokly that thoro is hardly timo for any entertainment, howovor splen did, to mako muoh impression; but Lady Denhnm'g masiuerade was quite another affair. It was to bo held at Danham House, ' and was the fete of tho eeaaon ; tho momory of it waa to live in tho mind of man, Denham Houso was well suited for an enter ^inment of this kind; tho suite of rooma that ? oja&ned; into tha ball-room was magnificent ; tfiVball-room itself opened into a largo and lofty oonsarvatory, that led again into an exquisite little'. fernery, a rare thing to find even in a Hydo Park-mansiori ; at the end of - this fernery were two Ji'ugd glass doora that opened on to tho lawn; they woro all on, a porfeotly ntraight line, so that it waa pleasant to aland in thp ball-room and watoh' the ' orescent moon_rise in tho oky^ Moat pooplo - ... A Question of Proprietorship. ,iy.-'i; Wontworth. ' Tom thia ia— a— ah— gen- iietnr.n who olnima to be the original possessor of thin skeleton.' ' Ah— diaputo aa to ownership, oh ?' ' That tendenoy,' answered Wentworth. ' Ho is, in fnot, a — woll, a ghost.' 'A what?' . ' The gentleman has been dead for somo time,' put in Smilio, tho' taBk of explaining having seemingly got beyond Wentworth. 'And whilo alivo this was hia skeleton.' ' Oil, come now, Smilie, what aro you giv ing us,' ' Paot,' said Smilio, ' just tossed this ruler through him. Try it.' Fulnier hesitated. ' It will perhaps convince you quiokor than anything elso, and don't inoonvenienoo mo in the least,' Baid tho apparition. Fulmer tossed tho ruler, with the same result an before. Ha was very short-aighted and ho adjusted hia eyeglasses and peered aoj'oaa tho tablo at tho ghost, who atood impassively aa ha had done from tbo first. ' I say, Wentworth, juat striko a light will you.' Wentworth lit the largo lamp that Btood on top of tho bureau. Tho ghost iippoared an ordinary-looking man, diesaod aa any man mifjbt hi. Fulmor, with corrugated browj gazed at bim wbilo Smilio and Wontworth felt a sort of momentary prido of ownerahip,^ bb if thoir possession of thn skeleton gave them a kind ot proprietorship in tha spectre, Tho amiable nkelcton, whioh now ahono whito in the bright light, ceomcil to boam in n hnnnvnlnnt wbv on its fnrmnr nwnnr. ' Sit down,' aaid Fuliner, ' I hate to talk to a— person — standing.' Tho npootro Bat down. ' Now, what uso is thiu skeleton to you? ' began tha young lawyer, hia professional in Btinofc getting tho better of his amazement. ' That, if you will pardon mo, ia no ono'a business but my own. 1 may say I want it placed where I will know whoro to ftnd it— or I may Bay that I don't chooso to h^vo it ro main bore, tho subjeot of aoofling and con tumely. ' Oh, you'ro wrong thoro,' said Wentwortb. ' Wo both have tho groatcat rospuot for John W. Ho ia a guido, philosopher, and friond— aa woll as iuBtrnotor.' 'Junt letmohaudlo thia onso;11 Baid Fill mor with a bnakward wrvo of bi3 band. ' Now, what Bball I oall you ? ' 11 Wlu\t yon ploaoei' 'Woll, wo will nay tho plaintiff. Now, plaintiff, in tho *flrat plaeo you would havo to provato tbo satisfaction of a jury that thia is your skeleton,. We dony hnt it ia you«3.'| ' Ot oourso wo do,' put in Smilie. Wo bought tho body and John wired it.' 'I don't mean that. Tho defence takes the ground that this partioular skeleton is not tho bones of the plaintiff, but the bones of John W. Stodgera, 'deceased. Now it would rest with yoa to prove that thin waa your skeleton, and as pooplo are not in the habit of having a private mark on their Bkelotona,il flatter myself we would have yon right at the beginning of the csbo.' 'You are 'a very young lawyer,' replied tho ghost with a sort of a poBt mortem sneer. ' It you examine the teeth of that skeleton you will find tho one on the left lower side next tho back filled with silver, and, if neoos sflry, I oan tell your intolligont jury tho eort of. oap that is under the silver to oovor tho \ nerve that onoe was' thore.' ' ' . ? All tho young men looked at J. W., who, aa if enjoying 'the point made by its other self, suddenly oliokod down its jaw' and beamed on Fulmor with its silent laugh.. Wontworth took up the lamp and looked at the lowor jaw. ' ' ' Yos, Fulmar,' he Baid, ' tbat'a fo.' ' Well, we'll waive that point— We'll woive that point,' said the young lawyer, with ill affootcd airineaat ' I think you might as well,' Baid the ghost dryly. ' But tho real nub of tbo case would be in thia : Oan a man onoe dead lay alaim to any part of tbo property he owned whilo alive? I don't recollect any parallel oaseto yourn ex actly, but I have somo knowledge of tho statutes of Michigan,' this modestly, and I think all tho tendencies oi law would be against you. Whon a man 1b dead there is no quostion but that his noxt of kin have tbo right to cremate, to embalm or to bury bis body. They might sell it, I imagine, although that is rarely dono in first-olaes society. Now the point I would make before a jury would be ? ' i- ? ' I havo no wish to disouss law with yon. I havo demanded the skeleton and I propose to havo it whether you are willing or not.' ? 11 Just write that down, boys,' said Fulmor. ' He hinta at burglary.1.' ' See here,' aaid Wentworth, ' you aro not tho man wo diseeotod. I beliovo you're a fraud.' ' Do you ?' returned the ghoac. ?« I'll eon vinoo you in order to Bave myself further trouble. I can take any ono'a form. For instance, tbat of a rising lawyer.'. -And with that the figure before them was an exaot counterpart of young Fulmor. The next instant the ghost was himself agato. ' By jovo,' said Smilio, 'what a splendid lightning ohange artiat he would make.' ' ' Bay,' said Fulmor, ' what would yon take for a night at tho big hall ? You oould per sonate the head ol the 'University and B?ng, I 1 want to be an Angol ' with Bplendid effoct.' '*- 'I am in no mood for ohaff,' said the specter, severely. 'Finally, will you give up my skeleton ?' ' Let him bavo hia old bones,' Baid Smilie. 'I certnialy will not,' oriod Wentworth. ' Why, Smilio, I had to drill ISO boles in that skeleton. No, sir ! J. W. Stodgers remains here.' . ' Jiemainn ia good,' said Fulmar. ' Well, Mr. Wentworth, when you get tired ol. tho fight just give that slieleton a dooont b'irial,' With that tho ghost waa gone. ' So long,' oried Smilie. ' What are f ou going to do, Wentworth ? It's yon and the ghost, it Beoma.' ' Do ? Why, keep J. W., ol oourae.' Next day there waa an astounding charge against Wentworth. A passenger coming up from Detroit by the early train had been met on tho road from the station by a student exaotly answering Wentworth'a description, who demanded money at the point of a pifftol, and tho passenger would have undoubtedly, been robbed if two others coming along had* not frightened the oulprit, who osoapod. Nothing but Smilio's .solemn oath that Went worth waa aaleep at the timo— It was Saturday morning, saved .Wentwortb. On Sunday all Ann Arbor was scandalised as it camo from ohuroh by seeing Wentworth staggering along tho street in a state of beastly intoxication. Tbo professors hauled bim over the coals, and it was in vain that ho protested ho had Bpefit the~day worthily, trying to ofttohr flah op the river. ' He want home mad and, as J. W. grinned at him as he came in, he seized the ruler and smashed in the trap door jaw. The ruler did not pass through tho bony part of J. W., aa it did through its apeetral counterpart. Next day Wentworth waa too ill to attend olass. Smilio left him and wended his way to college. He bad just taken bia seat while the Professor was jotting down names prepara tory toa 'quiz' whon an unearthly yoU at traotediall oyes to the top tier ot Boats that descended ono by one down to the operating table. : Thoro Btood Wontworth1 on tho baok of the highest seat. ' On'ey two, three, look out for mo,' he shouted, and with that ho ran swiftly down tho baoka ot the seats, jumping over the stu denta' heads, hopping lightly on the ' subjact' that lay aoverod up on tho revolving plank, thon sprang amopg the lady students who, soattercd eoreamjng, and thenoo up to tho top of tho opposite tier. 'Now for (» jump ftoross the arena. Never attempted by anyone outside of thia oirous.' ' Oatoh him,' shouted somebody. ' Ho'a insane.' At that' Wentworth mode for' tbo narrow stairway, Smilie and another rrftor him. Ho beat thorn easily across the campus and ent ered tho door of his boarding plaoe. When tho two Btudenta burat'into tho room they found Wentworth Bitting doefully look ing at the damaged front of Stodgors, and ? ho aworo ho bad not been out that morning. Next day bo got notice of dismissal from tho University. ? Aa he eat by hia window atubbornly nofus ing to bo conquered by ft ghost, and yet awaro that perhaps some people would not boliove the whole story if ho told it, ho saw bis double on tho oppoaite aide of the street. .. 'By George 1' he oried, I'll havo it out with him. It they see us both there tboy'U boliovo my otory. He eeized tbo ruler and started out. Tho ghost looked behind bim, and then it too had a ruler in ita hand. Neat ing tho postoffloo tho ghost camo suddenly up to a group ol mon, bit out right and left with tho olub, otruok a policoman aoroaa the faco, ? and flod towards Wentworth. Tho orowd pursued. Ah it came to Wentworth it vanished into thin'Qir, and, tho next inBtant Wontworth was in tho hands of tho outraged constable From the lookup tho dejected young man wrote to Simlio : ' For my Bako, buy a comotry lot and bury John W. Stodgcrs, charging tho oost to. me, Yours. WENTWOnXII. That ended 'the fight. Wentworth, I rcqrol to say, iB not the fnat student who oamri to grief by, letting spirits get tho better of bim. 