THE CHURCHES. PRnESBTERIL\S CHURCI. The Rev. J. G. Wilson took his subject from the 2nd chapter of the Acts-the baptism of the disciples with the Holy Spirit and the fruits thereof-the disciples ho loved Jesus, their master, had been waiting at his command for ten days to receive this blessing-praying earnestly for light and strength, and joyfully awaiting the fulfilment of Christ's pro mise. They were thus prepared to receive the blessing. Though God's spirit may strive long with man, if his heart be stubborn and unprepared, it cannot enter iii and take possession of him. "And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost." The spirit of Christ comnes on all who believe on him. '. And spake as the spirit gave them utterance." They were wholly possessed of the spirit, an d spake with power-illiterate, unlearned, poor simple lpeasants and fishermen, disciples of Christ, who at his betrayal had all forsaken him and fled, standing up in the midst of the people who had crucified him, speaking with power of the.wonderful works of God in Christ-We want more of this spirit of fire and enerey in our midst, and its nmc.ssity should not be confined solely to tl.o pulpit, the elders, or sabbath schools -aLr.L should be filled with this spirit This blessing could not come at a more opportune time. Thousands had flocked to Jerusalem for.the.faast of Pentecost to worship and to trade-Jerusalem was' the cutre of the then civilized world and people had come from "every nation under heaven," devout men who were secking light and wisdom from •God.. Here they found the very thing they were setkiug for-every man hearing in his own language. From these earnest, fer vent men, they 'heard words of tiuth, light and conviction; others said mock ingly, " These men are full of nlew wine." We know the spirit of alcohol often makes men talk; but the fruits of that spiritare foolishness, sin, an.i perhaps death. But Peter-impetuous, weak, and vacillating ns he was heretofore-was now filled with the Holy Spirit, which not only enabled him and the other disciples to speak boldly and powerfully before these men, but to brave persecution and in some cases mar tyrdom-stood up in their midst and spoke with such strength arid sound judgment, expounding the prophets,. that all were cornvicted of their sin and turned to them with the cry, "gMen and brethren what shall we doT' Let uts their be so filled with the Holy Spirit of Christ" that often shall the same cry go up, ".Men and brethren what shall we do?" 