JESS." BY II. BIDEB HAGGARD, Author or " King Solomon's Mines." CnAi-teu XXXIII. — Vengeance. For three or four minutes more tlicy whispered together, aud then the Hottentot rose to go and find ont how things were among tho Boers below, and when Frank Aluller re tired to his teut. As soon as ho had marked him down ho was to come back and report to Jess, and then the final steps were to he decided on. Wheu ho was gono Jess gave a sigh of re lief. It had been a dreadful thing to. nerve her self to do, but now at any rate.it was done, or at least settled upon. But what the end of it would be none could say. She would practi cally bo a murderess, nud sooner or later her guilt would find her ont, nnd then she would have little mercy to hope for. Still she. had no scruples, for after all Frank Alttller's would be nothing more tlmu than a well merited doom. But when all was said aud done, it was a dreadful tliiug to have to steep her hands in blood, evcu for Bessie's sake. If Aluller were slaiu Bessie would marry John, provided John escaped from the Boers, and bo happy, but what would become of her ? Bobbed of her love and with this crime upon licr mind, what could she do even if she got clear away except die ? It wonld he better to die and nover see liim again, for her sorrow aud her shame wero more than she could bear. Aud thou she began to think of John till all her poor bruised heart seemed to go out towards him. Bcssio could Dcvcr love him ns she did, she felt sure of that, and yet Bessie was to have him with her all her life, nud she — sho was to go away. Well, it was -the only thing to do. Sho would see this deed doue, nnd sot lior sister free, nud thou iff she happened to escaposhe would go — go right away where she would novor be hoard of again. Then,, at any rate, she would have behaved like au honorable woman. She sat up nud put her hnnds to her face. It was burning hot though she was wet through, and chilled too with the raw damp of tho night. The fever of mind and body had got hold of her, worn out as she was with emotion, hunger, and protracted ex posure. But her brain was clear cuough ; she never remembered its being so clear before. Every thought that came into her mind seemed to present itself with startling lividuess, stand ing out by itself against a black background of nothingness, not blurred and shaded down as tho thoughts generally are. Sho seemed to see herself wtiuderiug away — alone, utterly aloue, alone for ever ! — whilst Johu stood holding Bessie by the hand and gazing after her regret fully. She would write to him. since it must he so, aud bid hiiti oue word of farewell. Sho could not go without it. She had a pencil, aud in her breast was the Boer pass, tho back of which, stained ns it was with water, would serve the.purpuso of paper. She drew it out aud, bcudiug forward towards the light, placed it on her knees. " Good-bye," . sho wrote, good-bye! Wc cau nover moot again, and it is better that we never should in this world. Whether thero is another I do not know. If there is I shall wait for you there. If not then good-bye for over. Thiuk of me sometimes, for I have loved you very dearly, nnd as nobody will ever love yon again, and while I live in this or any other world nud am myself, I shall always love you and you only. Don't forget me. I never shall be really dead toyou until I am forgotten. J." She lifted the paper off her knee nnd then put it back agnin aud began to scribble in poetry, quickly and almost without correction. It was a habit of liers though she never showed what she wrote, and now it asserted itself irresistibly nud half unconsciously : — When Imntls that clasp;thlnc own In seeming truth, Or linger In ciuvsj upon thine head. Have rudely broke tlie idols of thv youth And cast them down amid thy treasured dciul, Itcmcmber mc When sho had got thus far she stopped, dis satisfied, and ran her peucil through tho lines aud began ngaiu If I should die to-night Then wonhi\it thou loo!; upon my nlot face, Ucforc they luid mc in my resting jilnco, Aud deem that dentil had made it almost fair : And laying snow wlilta flower against my heir w ould on my cold check tender kisses press And fold my hands with lingering carc-s. Poor hands, so empty and so cold to-night I If I should die to-night Then wouidM thou call to mind with loving thought Some kindly deed the icy hands had wrought, Some tender words the frozen Hps had said, Errand on which the willing feet had #pjd : Tho memory of my passion and my pride: And every sin would sure bo set oskle. So ahould I be forgiven of all lo-night. Death waits on mc to- night, ' ' The grave mists gather fast about my star, LVn now my summons crimes from afar. Think gcmly of me; I nm travel worn, My filtering feet arc pierced with many a thorn. The Mlfer world has made mv wmk heart bleed When dreamless rest Is mine I shall not need 'i he tenderness for which I long to-night. She stopped, and without oveu rc-re.tdiug what alio had written pushed the paper back into her bosom and was soon lost in thought. Ten minutes later Jantjd camo creopiug iu jiko a great human snake, his yellow face s: lin ing with the rain-drops, " Well," said Jess, looking up, "have you douo it?" " No, Alissie, no. Ho has hut now gone to his tout. Ho: has been talking to the clergy man, something nhont Alissie Bossie, I don't know what, I was near, bnt ho talked low aud I could only hear the namo." , . "Havo the Boers all gone (o sleep?" !' All, Alissie, excopt tho sentries." "Is thero a sentry before Baas Frank's tent?" "No, Missie, there isnobodv near." " What is the time, Jantjj ?'" "About throo hours and a half hftcr sun down (half-past ten). ' " Lot us wait half an hour, aud then you must go. Accordingly thev sat in silonce. Presently Jantje' broko it by drawing tho big white- handled knife and commencing to sharpen it on a piece of leather. l'uWW'ed by special arr.qj-emcnU ,ritli the uuttior. AH rights retsnrcd. . . The sight mado Jess feel sick. "Put the knifo up," sho said ' quickly, - " it is sharp enough. Jantjd obeyed with a fccblo griu, and the minutes passed on heavily." " Now, Jautju, sho said at length, speaking huskily in her struggle to overcome tho spas modic contractions of her throat, "it is time for you to go." The Hottentot fidgetted about, aud at last spoke. " Alissie must conic with me !'' " Come wiih you !" answered Jess with n start, "why!" " Bccauso the ghost of the old English woman will come after mc if I go aloue." " You fool 1" said Jess angrily, and then re collecting herself added, " Come, bo a man, Jauiic ; think of your father and molhcr, anil be a niaii." "I am a man," lie answered sulkily, "and I will kill him like a man, lint what good is a man against the ghost of a dead Euglisli woman? If I put the kuife into her she would only make faces, and fire would come out of the hole. I will not go without you, Alissie." Jess looked at him and saw that ho mcnut what he said. lie was getting sulky, and the worst dispositioncd donkey in tho world is far, fur easier to deal willi than a sulky llotlontot. She must either give up tlie project or go with the man. Woll, she was equally guilty one way or the other, and was really almost callous about being detected, so sho might as well go. Only she must keep out of the way at the last. Sho could not hear to he near tliem. " Well," sho said, " I will go with you, Jantje'." " Good, Alissie, that is all right now. You can keep off the ghost of the dead English woman while I kill Baas Frank. But first ho must ho fast nslccp." Thou tlicy onco moro crept down the hill. This time there was no light to bo seen in tho direction of the waggon-house, aud no sound to bo heard except tlie regular tramp of tho sen- fries. But their business did not he iu tho direction of tho waggon-house ; they left that on their right and curved round towards Hio blue gum avenue. When they got nearly- opposite to the first tree they halted in a patch ot stones, and Janiju wcut forward to recon noitre, Presently he returned with the iutclli- gcnco that all the Boers who wero with tlie waggon had gone to sleep, hut that Mullcr was still sitting in his tent thinking. Then tlicv crept ou, perfectly sure that if they were not heurd tlioy would uot bo seeu, curtained ns they were by the dense mist aud darkucss, till tbey readied tho hole of tho first big gum tree. Five paces from this tree Frank Muller's tent was pitched. It had a light in it which caused the wet teut' to glow iu the. mist, as though it had been rubbed with phosphorus, aud on this lurid can vas tbo.shadow of Frauk Aluller was giganti cally limned. lie was so placed that the light cast a magnified reflection of his OTCry feature nnd even of his expression upon the screen be fore thorn. Tho attitude iu which lie was seated was his favorite one when he was plunged in thought, his bauds resting on his knees and bis gaze fixed on vacancy, lie was thinking q his triumph, and of nil that lio had gone through to win it, nnd of all that it would bring liim. He held all the cards now, nnd the game was in his own hand. lie had triumphed, aud yet over him hung tho shadow of that curse that dogs tho presence of onr accomplished desires. Toe often, even with tho inuoccnt, does the seed of our destruction lurk in the rich fulfilment of our hopes, and much more is this so with the guiltyr. Somehow this thought wa3 present iu his mind to-night, and in a rough, half edu cated way ho grasped its truth. Once more the saying of tho old Boer general rose iu his mind. " 1 believe there is a God — I behove that God sets a limit to a mall's doings. If he is going too far, God hills him." What a dreadful tliiug it would be if the old fool wero right after all. Supposing there wero a God, and God were to kill him to- night, and hurry off his soul, if he had oue, to some dim place of un ending fear I All his superstitions awoke nt the thought, and ho shivered so violently that the shadow of the shiver caused the outlines of tlie gigantic form upon the canvas. to tremble up and down. ' Then, rising with an angry curse, he hastily threw off his outer clothing, and having turned down but not extinguished the rough paniiliuo lamp, flung him-olf down upon tho littlo camp bedstead, which creaked and groaned beneath his weight. Then came silence, only broken by the drip, drip, of tho rain from the gum |lcaves overhead and the rattling of tho boughs whenever a breath of air stirred them. It was ail eerie and depressing night, that might well havo tried the nerves of any who, wet through and worn out, had been obliged to crouch upon tho open and endure it. How much more awful was it thou to tho unfortunate woman who, half brokcu- hcartcdr fever stricken, aud well nigh crazed with suffering of mind and body, waited in it to bco murder done ? Slowly the minutes passed, aud at overy rain drop or rustle of tho bough her guilty conscience summoned up a host of fears. But by the mere power of lier will slie kept them down.' She would go through with it now.' Surely ho must bo asleep how ! Thojr crept up to the tent aud placed their enrs withiu'two inches of liis head. Yes, ho was asleep ; tho sound of liis breathing rose aud fell with the regularity of au infant's. Jess turned rcund nnd touched her compauion upon the shoulder. He did not move, but sho felt that his arm was shaking, " zVoie," she whispered. Siill lie lmii'g back. It was evident to her that tho loug waiting had takeu tho courage out of him.' "Be a mail," she whispered again, so low that tho sound scarcely rcachod bis cars, al though her lips were almost touching them, " go, and mind you strike homo 1" Then at last she heard hiin softly draw llio great knifo from tho slreatli; nnd in another second ho had. glidod from Aq; side. Presently sho saw tho'lino of light' tha: cut out'upou the darknosB through tho opening of tho teut broaden n littlo, nnd by that iho know that ho was crooping in upon liis dreadful errand. Then sho turned her head nnd put licr fiugors in her cars. But oven so the could see a long lino of shadow travelling across the skirt of tho. tent. So the shut her eyes also, and waited, sick at heart, for 6hc did uot daro to go, Presently, it might havo been fivo minutes or only half amluuto afterwards, for sho had lost count of time, sho felt somebody touch her ou tho arm. It was Jantje. " Is it done ? " sho whispered again. Ho shook his head and drow her away front the tent. In going her foot caught the guide ropes and Bhook it slightly o£ " I could not do it, Missio h« io „„i looks just like a child. When I lifted tha h<YT,ea m h,s S,CCP nntl a" «io strength went out of my arm, so that 1 could not strife Aud then before I could get strong ghost of the old English woman came and hit mo in the hack, and I ran away." If a look could have blasted a man Toni;z would assuredly have been blasted then Ti ! man s cowardice made her mad, bnt vhi'la til still choked with wrath a dinke' lu ' ,, " had come down from its stony home to feed upon the rose bushes, suddenly 6prung crash almost from their feet, passing awav like a grey gleam into the utter darkness. Jess started and then recovered l cri»lf ffZTnl, H WaS' but 11,0 "Arable Hottentot was overcome with terror and fell upon the ground groaning out that it was the ghost of tho ohl English- woman, lie had dropped the knife ns lie fell and Jess, sqging the imminent peril in which Ihey were placed, knelt down, picked it up and hissed into his ear that if he was not tmict she would kill him. This pacified him a little, but no earthly power could persuade him. to outer the tent again. Thon a dark and dreadful determination en tered her mind. The man Aluller should not cscapo. Bessie should not be sacrificed to him. Bather than that, sho would do tho deed herself. Without a word she rose, animated by the tragic force of her despair, and glided towards tho tent, the great knifo in her baud. Now she was iusido of it and stood for a second to let her eyes grow accustomed to the light. Pre- sontlv she began to sec, first, the outline of the bed, then the outline of tho mauly form stretched upon it, thou both bed and man dis tinctly. Jaulje' had said that lie was sleep ing like a child. Ho might havo been, now he was not, On the contrnrv, his face was convulsed liko that 'of one in an extremity of fear, and great beads of sweat stood upon his brow. It was as thourii ho know his danger, and was yet utterly powerless to avoid it. He lay upon his back. One heavy arm, his left, huug over the side of tho bed, tho hand resting on the ground ; the other was thrown hack and bis head pillowed upon it. The clothing lmd fallen hack from his throat aud massive chest, which were quite bare. Jess slood nnd gazed. "For Bessie's sake, for Bessie's sake!" sho murmured, aud then impelled by a force that seemed to move of itself she crept slowly, slowly, to the right hand side of tho bed. At this moment the limn woke, and his opening eyes fell full upon .her face. What ever liis dream had been, whet ho now saw was far more terrible, for bonding over liiiu was the ghost of the woman he hatl murthrcd in the I'ditl ! There she was, risen from her river grave, torn, dishovellcd, water yet dripping from her hands aud hair. Those sunk and marble cheeks, tlioso dreadful (laming cye3 coutd belong to no human being, but ouly to a spirit.' It was tho spirit of Jess Croft, the woman ho had murdered, coine hack to tell liim there was a living vengeance aud a hell ! Tlioir eyes met, aud no creature will ever know tho ngouy of terror that lie tasted oE before tho end camo. She saw his face sink in aud turn nslioa grey whilst the cold sweat ran from every pore. . lie was awake but fear para: lyscd him, lie could uot speak or move. lie was awake, and she could hesitate no more. He mast have seen the flash of steel, and. She was outside tlie tent again, Hie red kuife in licr hand. She fluug tiic accursed thing from her. That shriek must must have awakened every man' within n iniio. Already sho could faintly hear tho stir of men down by the waggon and tha patter of Jantje' running for his life. Then sho too turned and fled straight up tlie lull. She knew not wliithcr, she cared not whore ! Noue saw her or followed her, tho hunt had broken away to tho left after Jantje. Her heart was lead and her brain a rocking sea of fire, whilst beforo lior, around her, and be hind her yollcd and thundered all the horrors of the living hell. On sho flow, ono sight only before lior eyo.', one sound only in her ears. Oil over tho hill, far into iho rain and night. 