Chaftke XL1V.—Gamiola Still Intercedes. What was the feeliuff. wiich: filled Camiola.'a heart when she heard the news that her lover Wa3 safe thus far, and that he had proved him self a hero ? Mrs. Pollen, we may be- sure, watched the expression on herface very keenly,* and soon came to a conclusion. "Isee," she said quietly. "YoUrare get ting reconciled to yourself, Camiola; now that Georgia has turned out so fine a fellow." Then she stopped purposely, and noted the sudden | contraction of Camiola's eyebrows and the look I that seemed like a hasty protest, "No; I I didn't mean that, Camiola." j " Didn't mean what, Mrs. Pollen?" I " Didn't mean what you were going to dis ! claim. I said you were growing reconciled to j yourself; not to Am. What you werethink : ingof was—he can do better without me now." Camiola colored. "Yes," she answered; "that iB what I was thinking of; that was what first came into my mind. They will be all so proud of him, and he will be so delighted that I think, perhaps, he would not want me so much now. But I almost wish you hadn't guessed it all the same." " I didn't guess it; I never guess things; I saw it; I read it in your eyeB." " Then I wish I had thought of closing my eyes juBt at the moment," Camiola said with a smile that wsb far from gladsome. " I wish I had closed them, and kept them closed, until that thought had passed out of my mind. But it doesn't matter much after all. You kno w so many things about me, you may a3 well keep this thing a secret as all the rest." ; "Just so," Mrs. Pollen said complacently ; "I do know a good deal about you." ! There was a strange conflict of feeling in Camiola's mind. She insisted that if Georgie wished to marry her she must still marry him; she knew Mrs. Pollen would work heaven and earth.to prevent her. She was sometimes im patient and almost angry at the sort of mas , tery over her which Mrs. Pollen assumed; she ■ was often almost inclined to resent the per ■ sistency with which Mrs. Pollen maintained the cause of Romont; and yet she clung to Mrs. ; Pollen as to a protecting power, as her last de ! fence against a marriage with the young hero of ' the Egyptian fight. She felt that it wa3 as Mrs. ; Pollen had put it; Mrs. Pollen was fighting Camiola's own battle against Camiola herself. Just as this feeling came (clearly into her mind, Mrs. Pollen suddenly said— " Yes, Camiola, and I'll win the battle in the end, you'll see!" The girl positively started and looked amazed into Mrs. Pollen's face on thus finding the hidden thought of her bosom instantly trans lated into words^ the moment it became a thought distinct enough to be recognised even by herself. "Shall I tell you how I got to that?" '' Indeed I should like to know. It seems to me positively marvellous; like witchcraft." "Witchcraft? No; not even wit; only observation. I saw the expression that came over your face when I got up—these sudden expressions are the flash- lights that guide me always, the expressions that come before the mind has any tune to compose itself and make its mind as to what it ought to think, and feel, and all that, don't you know? Well, the ex pression on your face was just like that of a child who has been scolded by her mother and yet is afraid from some movement of the mother that she is going to be left alone in the dark, and doesn't like it. Now I have been scolding you very often lately, and you have been angry; but you seemed for that moment as if you were afraid I was going to leave you in the dark. Why? Because you feel that I am fighting your battle against yourself, and you begin to think that I may win in the end. There you are, Camiola—'that only is the witchcraft I have used,' as the immortal bard, I think, expresses it.". Camiola said no more on the subject. Christian Pilgrim presently came in looking as pale and distraught as if he had seen a ghost, and told Mrs. Pollen that he had seen Mr. Fitzurse, and that he had no doubt Mr. Fitz urse was then at the rectory. " Then we'll not go over for a little yet," Mrs. Pollen said to Camiola. "We'll give them an interval to arrange a treaty of peace if they can. I think I'll have my dinner now. Come and look on, Mr. Pilgrim, let them light the music-room. We'll go there after I have devoured my food, Camiola." The devouring of the food was not a very lengthy operation, Mrs. Pollen was a poor eater. Camiola, with her healthy, young appetite, could have eaten twice as much. "There," said Mrs. Pollen, "I was so hungry; 'now that's done with. I am glad to be past the time when women have to affect not to be able to eat anything." " I am Bure I never affect anything of the kind," Camiola declared. "I can eat, and I care not who knows it." " But, then, do you known I think you are rather wanting in affection ? I fancy a lifcfcls affection adds charm. I sometimes wonder you can fetch the men, Camiola. You don't seem to me to do anything to attract them," " I don't attract them, except my unfortunate George and—and, yes; very few others, I didn't attract the right one—in time, anyhow." "I suspect you would have found that you did,- if only: you had been a poor girl. Young men of spirit are sadly afraid of being thought to make up to a girl for her money." " If I loved—cared for a girl—if I were a man, I shouldn't stop to think whether she had money or not," said Camiola grandly. Some of this talk went on as they were going through the long corridor to the music room. , Now Mrs. Pollen opened the door of the room, I and they were going in. Camiola, who was j first, drew back in surprise. Walter Fitzurse : was there, standing right before them. j Nothing could be better composed and more | picturesque than Fitzurse's attitude. He stood j with his back leaning against the door through { which he had entered, and his arms folded. His eyes were fixed upon the carpet. His face was absolutely colorless. His lips were firmly set together with the expression of one who is now made up for any fortune. There was, however, a slight penitential stoop of the shoulders which seemed to appeal to the charity and indulgence of those who might look upon a forlorn youth, victim to errors which he did not propose to defend, but victim also of an adverse fate. It;is very difficult sometimes for one to analyse correctly one's own sensations, and say whether the compound of emotion under certain circum stances has in it more of pleasure or more of pain. It would be hard for us, therefore, to say whether at this moment there was more of a feeling of pleasure or of pain in the melo dramatic heart of Walter Fitzurse. Certainly he felt like a ruined man ; but then he also felt that the part he was playing was delight fully romantic. " You did not expect me here," he said, in a low and pathetic tone, "Do not go, Miss Sabine; I have" nothing to say which you may not hear." "Stay, Camiola," Mrs. Pollen said deci sively. "No, I certainly didn't expect you here. How did you get in ?" " Oh !" He spoke in a voice of surprise and pain. "Have you already forgotten, so soon in the history of my misfortunes, that you once classed me among your chosen friends, and that I have still your key to let me in? I saw the lights; one of your curtains is not drawn. I wanted to see vou. and I am here." " Well, now that you are here, suppose we all sit down." Walter placed chairs with an indecribable air of dethroued-prince about all his move ments. " You have been to the rectory 2" " I have. It is all over." " She will not go back 2" " She will'not," '' Have you seen her 2" " No, she will not see me; she refused, abso lutely. Her father and mother both besought her; but she would not. Well I don't blame her, She might have forgiven, perhaps, but she could not, and heaven knows she has had much wrong;" "She has-had very much wrong," Mrs, Pollen said sharply. "She has; I said so. Every one will say the same ; every one is against me. No one feels the slightest concern for me." He looked at Camiola and he saw that a look of pity came over her face. She did feel pity for him, he seemed so penitent and so lonely, but she remained silent, " If I could have seen her—if I could see her yet," he exclaimed passionately, "I think I could move her. It cannot be but that she loves me still." "Oh, can't anything be done2" Camiola interpoeed, unable any longer to control her feelings. Walter sent her a glance of the profoundest gratitude. It was with a feeling of almost ecstatic emotion that he found himself the object of her interest and her sympathy; for so he read her pity for him, her affection for Janette. . " Thank you, Miss Sabine, he said in a low tone, " you have not steeled your heart against ; me." i "Miss Sabine's heart is still young, and : tender, and foolish," Mrs. Pollen said. "Miss i Sabine doesn't know quite as much about that 1 paragon of animals, man, as it has been my ; misfortune to do. Well, about anything being i done, the question is, what can be done 2" ' "If Mies Sabine would plead for me," he ! was. beginning. " But she won't," Mrs. Pollen. broke in per emptorily. "But!have," Camiola said; "I have done it already, I have said what I could, and it was quite in vain." "Even to see me and hear me—even that; I ask no more now; surely she might concede that much!" "I asked her," Camiola said pathetically, " and she wouldn't." Mrs. Pollen was growing impatient. She was afraid Camiola's kindly heart was likely ! to be imposed upon by what she considered to be mere acting and attitudinising. "Well, the best thing is," she said, "for you to go away now and leave me to think of what can y et be done, if anything cam be done. ! Suppose she will not see you, what then do you propose to do 2" " The best thing for me would be death. " "Yes," Mrs. Pollen said,, after a pause, as if she had been . seriously : considering the matter; "I rather agree, with, you there ; I think-that would be the best way out of it for all-parties " "Mrs. Pollen!" Camiola pleaded, "how canyon?" "Well, he can't live for ever, you know," thB imperturbable lady replied, " but he is not going to die just this time. So we may put that out of the question. In the event then of the thunderbolt failing to be sent to strike you down, or the earth not opening to swallow you; or what is just as likely, your failing to drown or poison yourself, what do you propose to do ?" " You are very hard on me," he said with a flush passing over his face as he felt the sting of her pitiless words, barbed by her utter disbelief in him and contempt for him. "What do you think I ought to do? Would you like me to go away, to become an exile ? I will if you like." "Becoming an exile is, I suppose, heroic for going to America or Australia ? No, that isn't my idea. My idea is this; stay where you are, go on with your work at the bar and your literary career, if you have any; stick to your work, bite into it, shake off once for all your rubbish and nonsense, show your wife and your wife's people that you have some stuff in you, do that and act liks a man and even yet things may come right with you. Above all things drop play- acting. See yourself as you are, and try to be something very different. A -man could live down all this and much more ; be a man, that's all I have to say." "Then, you don't wholly abandon me; even ye* ?" "I? Oh, well, lam rather a bad lot. I stick to people sometimes when all decent folk have felt compelled to throw them over. I'll see if I can do anything. A good deal will depend on yourself. I tell you candidly, I am getting tired of you. I think the best thing you can do now is to go. Leave me your ad dress and I will write to you whenT have any thing to say. Of course you are not going back to the house that belongs to Mr. Lisle." " Never !" he exclaimed, with indignant em phasis. " Unless I go back at Janette's wish ■ and the wish of her parents." " Quite so," Mrs. Pollen said grimly. Ha had intended to go back there and to keep there as long as he could, and she knew this. She knew it by the sudden fervor of his denial. He laid upon the table his card with his West-end club address—he loved a West-end address She nodded to him as he was going. He. looked so unhappy that Camiola could not help holding out her hand in pity to him. He took it, bent over it, ana pressed it to liis lips, and was gone in a moment. " How could you let him put your hand to his lips?" Mrs. Pollen asked. " I couldn't help it. I couldn't bear to see him go away like that. It is_terrible to see a human creature, a man especially, brought so low and so crushed. Oh, I couldn't help giving him my hand, I couldn't, I couldn't. Don't we all say every day in our prayers that we are miserable sinners? What hypocrites we are if we don't mean it, and what awful humbugs if we do mean it and yet are pitiless to other sinners, I can't do it." " I wonder now many last chances he is to get ?" Mrs. Pollen asked after a moment. " Well, I don't mind. Suppose we give him another? What do you say ?" "I would give him another," Camiola de clared with promptitude and resolve. "I would give him twenty others. I think it is terrible to have these two separated for ever; they must have loved each other once. I don't recognise ray dear old Janette at all in this." "Well, I was always a woman of softness and of sentiment—I am like Richard the Third, I am 'too childish—foolish, for this world,' Camiola. Since you back up his peti tion I am prepared to grant it. But how can we bring it about ? She refuses positively to see him. How are we to bring them together?" " Let him come here the day you have your mummeries; let him mingle in the crowd and come on her somehow." " Would Bhe come, do you think ?" '' She will come, I think; She is very proud. She will want to show that the world goes on for her all the same; and Mr. Lisle and Lady Letitia will be glad to see her do anything which may tend to discredit anything like scandal. If she is seen at your revelries, nine out of every ten people here will think there is nothing in the whole story about her separa tion from her husband." "Dear me," Mrs. Pollen observed, "what a great deal of the wisdom of the'serpent is mixed up with the harmlessness of the dove among you good people. Now, do you know that would never nave occurred to me ? What I mean is that if I were determined to separate myself from my husband I would do so in defiance of all the world, and I shouldn't care who knew it." " But in Mr. Liale'S case it is so different,1' Camiola urged. " A clergyman, and a clergy man's family. Any scandal and separation" of husbands and wives might do so much harm, might seem to set such a bad example." "Justso; whydoesht Jaiiettethink of all that, and not set the bad example ?" "I don't know. Her heart seems td be closed against him. Indeed, he is what people call a bad lot, I anr greatly afraid; Still he is her husband, and I can't help pitying him." "Nothing interests me," Mrs. Pollen said gravely, "like the wiles of the simple and the dodges of the straightforward. It is to me a subject deserving of the profoundest contem plation. So we good people are all to play a? little game, the rector as well as the rest^ to • make the outer publio think we are not doing what we are doing. Well, anyhow, if this little game is to be played I think yours is a capital notion; IH write to him, and ask hint to come, and tell him how he is to manage. I'll answer for his coming if you will answer for hers, Camiola." " Indeed, I'll not answer for anything of the kind now; for all I can tell she may take some notioirinto her head that she ought not to go out; and if she does I could not move her from that. I will do my best, of course. She musn't be allowed to have any suspicion that he is-going to be there. How sad it all is ! What' disappointment, and confusion, and separation-——'" "Andmummery within mummery. Well, that is the way of life; and I am pleased that my mummery should now have a new arid romantic interest. Don't look horrified, Camiola; I don't mean that I only care about the fun of the thing. If my mummery can help to bring these two' together and make a man of that wretch I shall be grateful to it." " As if I didn't know you," was all Camiola said. Now, this mummery of which they had been talking was an entertainment whioh- Mrs; Pollen bad been planning for all and sundry' in Fitzurseham, and which was to take place in - the restored and renovated Fitzurse HouEe. It was to be her housewarming, in fact; and there were to be dramatic tableaux and much music, and various games and sports, and eating and drinking.. When the news came of George's danger Mrs, Pollen thought of putting it off ; but now that •he was known to be safe, thathe had performed what she was pleased to call in her irreverent way "prodigies of valor," there seemed only the ereater reason.whv Fitzurseham should re joice. By a happy coincidence a travelling icircns company, attracted to Fitzurseham by 'the fame of the new life Mrs. Pollen's settle-• ment there had infused into the region, was coming with its show just at the same time, and Mrs. Pollen had a Btrong notion of en gaging some of its beauty and talent, its trained dogs and even its accomplished ponies, in order that her poor neighbors might enjoy the sights without having to pay for the pleasure. In this entertainment it was now designed that Walter Fitzurse should have his last chance. (To lc continued, J " You children turn up your noses at every thing on the table. When I was a boy I was glad to get enough dry bread to eat." "I say, ipa, you are having a much_ better time of it ;now you are-living with us, ain't you?" replied little Tommy, ! Call a girl a chick, and she smiles; call a woman :a hen, and she howls'. Call a young woman a witch, and she is pleased; call an old woman a witch, and she i3 indignant. Call a girl a kitten, and she rather likes it; call a woman a cat, and she will hate you. As Jerrold was walking to the club with a friend from the theatre some intoxicated young gentleman reeled up to the dramatist and said, " Can you tell us the way to the Judge and Jury?" "Keep on as you are, young gentle man," was the reply; " you're sure to overtake them." "Mother," said a young wife, " would you mind cooking-the• dinner to-day? It would ■please John, I know.- He complains so muek of the new girl that I Bhall discharge her the moment I can get another." " Certainly," re-' plied the old lady, cordially. At dinner Joha said tohis wifer " Mary,- that- new- girl seems- - to be getting worse and worse." When Godwin was writing "Cloudesley," he -- asked Mathews to furnish him with some hints upon the possibilities of disguise. Mathews in vited him to dinner, and after the meal was over gavs him some ocular demonstrations upon the subject. Presently, while his guest was conversing with Mrs. Mathews, the host slipped out of. the room, and almost imme diately afterwards a servant entered to an nounce a Mr. Jenkins. Mrs. Mathews looked vexed, and had scarcely time to explain that it was a troublesome and eccentric neighbor, when the new visitor, not waiting, for permission to enter, followed close at the servant's heels. He was introduced to Mr. Godwin, and began to talk so incessantly about his works, and to ndake such impertinent enquiries about the forthcoming one, that the illustrious author, bored and annoyed, rose from his seat, and went to the window that opened on the lawn; but Mr. Jenkins was not to be so easily evaded, be pushed:' before- him; ani officiously offered.to unfasten the window; after fumbling a little;he threw it open, and turned round; then to his - astonishment Godwin saw another man—not Mr, Jenkins, but Charles Mathews* 