? EXCEEDINGLY EIMPIB. THE Bible in Schools League lias issued its electoral platform, and in one sense it is ex- ceedingly simple. Indeed, it is far more remarkable for simplicity than astuteness. It is intended that the vote of the party shall go to candidates who will support a proposal to take the opinion of the parents of children attending State schools on the question of introducing the Bible. But there are other people besides those mentioned who have an interest in the issue. Catholics are deeply concerned in it, and, that being the case, Secularists generally would claim to be heard on the question. If Catholics did not agree to the contemplated change the Secularists would have good grounds for objecting to it, and our denomination would not consent to it if not fairly compensated by a dress of their own grievance. They could not do so without prejudice to their dearest interests, for the introduction of the Bible would Protestantise the schools, and facilitate proselytism. Under these circumstances, it would be the duty of every Catholic entitled to vote to oppose the change, and they would, of course, be exhorted to do so, Nor is it at all likely that the opposition of our body would stop there. Probably they would address Parliament as dis sentients, and represent that they did not regard the conscience clause as an adequate protection to the faith of such of their children as were obliged by circumstances to attend State schools. If it were found necessary to do so, they could strengthen their arguments by reference to experience elsewhere. In Protestant schools in Ireland, where it was professed, and even pledged, that the faith of Catholic children would in no way be tampered with, many unhappy consequences resulted from the blind credulity of parents. In all cases of the kind there is a proximate danger to faith and morals, and it is altogether impossible to give adequate guarantees, as the value of these in almost every case would depend upon the views of the teacher. The more zealous he was as an evangelist the more likely would lie be to regard the obligations of a conscience clause lightly, and to consider that he should avail himself of his opportunity for impressing his religions opinions on Catholic children within his influence. But, however that may be, the Bible in Schools League may be very sure that our denomination will offer the most strenuous opposition to the proposed innovation. Our co-operation is to be had on most reasonable terms, and if these are not accepted then our objections will have to be taken into account. BEARING in mind the THE GODLESS object with which the SCHOOLS. free, secular, and compulsory system of public instruction has been introduced here and elsewhere, it is no wonder that Secularists are inconsistent and even dishonest in defence o£ it. If they had no wish to conceal their motive, and had the courage to openly avow their principles, we should find them agitating for the removal of every trace of the religious sentiment from the school books. But expediency deters them from that extreme course, and imposes upon them the necessity of being slightly hypocritical. And so we find them ready with quotations from the reading lessons to prove, as they say, that the system, is not" godless." They trot out one or two passages in which the existence of a god is acknowledged, and in which a few moral lessons based on his presumed goodness and hatred of sin are given. Bat who this god is, or by whom worshipped outside the State school, is not explained. It is only certain that there is nothing to prove that he is the God of the Christians, or, in other words, the God who is reverently acknowledged in the Apostles' creed. Preaching lately at the Oratory, Cardinal Newman said ithat there - was no practical difference between denying God and ignoring Him, and as the God of the Christians is ignored in the State schools, it follows that He is denied there, and hence these schools are godless. His Eminence further said that Christian parents have no right to bring their children to be baptised if they did not intend them to have a religious education. Nevertheless, Christian parents, in some instances, do this, and thus trifle with the Sacraanent. Parents who have children Attending State schools are, to use a mild term, so inconsistent as -to bring infants ia the sacred font, though, upon reflec- tion, it should be evident to themselves that they can have no sincere intention of complying with the requirements of the Sacrament. Upon this subject we are tempted to enlarge, but forbear, as it is not altogether within our province. MUCH reverence for IEEEVEBENT. sacred things was not to be expected from the Radical organ, but we could not have believed that it would go so far as to ridicule the mode of appointing bishops in the Church of England. But of that impiety there was a shocking example in its issue of Saturday last. " The spiritual theory of bishopmaking," it is said, " is one of the loftiest that the human mind can conceive." And then we get this explanation of how the theory is carried out:— The Prime Minister and the Queen are the first movers in the business. They bespeak tbeir candidate, and then send leave to the Dean and Chapter of the vacant diocese to elect. The Dean and Chapter proceed to invoke the Holy Ghost to guide their choice, and the invariable result is that their choice falls on the nominee of the Patronage Secretary. This is the theory ; but in practice wa are afraid that the part which the Holy Ghost plays in the solemn drama has been sometimes of the very smallest. The terms employed are not at all respectful, and the sneer at the whole proceedings is but half concealed. No one who believed in the claim of the Church of England to apostolical succession could write so contemptuously on the subject as the Radical organ has done. It treats bishop-making as if it were a work not a whit more serious than pin-making; and if the gift were in a Salvation Army captain, and not in the reigning king or queen as head ©£ the Church, nothing more irreverent could have been said of the invocation and what invariably comes of it. It may have seemed rather odd to the Radical journal that the invocation should follow the appointment—for that is what a nomination in this case means; but it was not at all courteous to Dr. Moor house to indulge in the sneer just at present. We do not suppose that the ungracious allusions will very much detract from the pleasure his promotion, through royal favour, affords him; but as such a commission must be altogether satisfactory to him, this certainly is not a time which a paper professing to regret that Melbourne is about to lose him should have chosen for disparaging his office. If Dr. Moorhouse had secured his advancement by purchase, and not through the influence of a " Patronage Secretary," there might be some excuse for scoffing allusions to " bishop-makingbut as it does not appear that the Anglican prelate has had to pay for his promotion, and as one may be sure that he has not prayed for it in any sense, he should have been spared the unkind references which we have quoted. LAUGHABLE PBOPOSAL, IF Mr. Gladstone not misrepresented in a cable message which is given in another column, he is trifling with the Irish Question. It is reported that, in a letter to the public Press, he has invited Irishmen of all classes and parties, to communicate with the Government as to the needs of Ireland, in order to assist them in deciding what policy shall be pursued with regard'to that country." If this be true, it is a confession of •eater ignorance of Irish affairs on .e part of the English Government than has been imputed to it in the most bitter complaints on the subject. It has been all along contended by Irish Nationalists that neither English Ministry nor English Parliament was competent or qualified to govern Ireland; and now we have an admission from the Premier himself that he does not possess the necessary qualifications for the task. The first essential to its proper performance is an intimate acquaintance with Ireland and her wants, and now the ^reat Gladstone . himself virtually admits that he /does not possess'the necessary information, But the means to which he resorts for obtaining it are extremely ludicrous. If, as would seem, the situation : is puzzling to him, the countless letters he is sure to receive will render it positively bewildering. His action is equivalent to an avowal that the Ministry is unable to decide on the policy it should pursue towards Ireland. It is very unlikely that representative men on the National side will be " caught" by the trick Mr. Gladstone is playing. He will et the advice of those nobodies—Jack, 'om, Bill, andJHarry. It will be grati- f ying to the candlestick maker and belows mender that their aid has been called or in the councils of State, and we make doubt but that they will evince ufficient public spirit to invest three alf-pence, or even twopence, in he purchase of pen, ink, and paper, ith the object of enlightening the Engish Premier on difficult political, econoic, and social questions in relation to reland. Ballybeg Johnson will also ave a hand in recommending coercion as a panacea for all Irish grievances, and the Protestant missionary societies are very unlikely to miss the opportunity of very solemnly representing that if by a little compulsion conversions were multiplied, the circumstances of the country would much improve. If advice were needed as to how the universe should be ruled, there would be no scarcity of it. When the article is needed merely for the government of Ireland, it_ will be embarrassing in quantity and diversity and it will not be surprising if, under those perplexing circumstances, Mr. Gladstone should find himself constrained to abandon the idea of conciliating Ireland. That is how the case looks at present, but it is possible that the trick is simply foolish, and not at all knavish. BY those who made DIET WITHOUT them poor Irish peapovEEir. sants have been reproached for the unavoidable consequences of their poverty. In allusion to their tattered garments, they have been described as more like scarecrows than civilised human beings, and because in some instances they seemed to be as much concerned for the health of the pig as] they were for their own comfort, it was said of them that they rather liked the companionship of that unclean animal, and were totally destitute of self-respect and the sense of decency. The interior of their miserable smoke-begrimed cabins was minutety described by well-fed tourists, who evidently chuckled with pride and pleasure that they themselves were so infinitely superior to those 'orribly low Hirish. Such squalor, dirt, and ignorance were only possible in a country under the yoke of Borne. A state of things so repugnant to any person of intelligence and refinement could not exist in a country where the Reformation had established itself, and the only hope that remained for Ireland and the Irish was that they would some day accept the Bible and abjure the superstitions of Rome. As a means to that end, soupers and soup kitchens were introduced. It was concluded that, by working adroitly on the rather sharp appetite of the Irish they could be won over; but the use of carnal weapons in a spiritual combat did not succeed. The starving Irish did not sell their souls for soup, meal, or flannel petticoats; they much preferred the pig to their tempters, and the phrathee with a grain of salt and an easy conscience to apostacy with those peculiar graces of the Reformation which comfort the stomach. But what we have to show just now is that there may be squalor and dirt without such poverty as the Irish peasants have had to endure in order that the chiefs of the "English garrison" could riot in extravagance, luxury, or vice. Commenting on the report of sanitary authorities in Scotland, the Bombay Examiner says:— The Scotch are a hardy race, and it ia well for them that they are so; for their dwellings are in many districts in a trnly horrible condition, and those whose duty it is to remedy this state of affairs appear to be thoroughly careless in the matter. Some striking observations on the point are made by the inspector and public health officer of the Northern (Highland) District in Scotland ia his halfyearly report j ust issued. The Pnblio Health Act, which was paaeed nearly eighteen yearB ago, can, he remarks, be hardly said to be in operation except in a few places. The looal authorities in rural districts are really indifferent on the subjeot of sanitary matters, and seem well content to leave things as they are—undisturbed. In a large number of instances, more especially in remote places in the Highlands and Islands, it is notorious that there are all manner of accumulations of the most abominable description at nearly every house, within as well as outside the walls; but, as some of the persons who should take action for the purpose of having all these unwholesome things Temoved are probably themselres equal offenders to a greater orleBB extent, it seems utterly hopeless to expect them to enforce thorough sanitary reforms of any kind, _ It is not surprising that under Buch conditions typhoid and typhus fevers and other forms of disease should be of frequent occurrence; it is more surprising that any person should escape. And this in spite of the Reformation! Have we not been told that if the Irish had not rejected it no such dirt or misery would be found in their miserable hovels as has disgusted their English and Scotch visitors P And now we are shocked at hearing that where Calvinism, the most rigid form of Protestantism flourishes there are " accumulations of he most abominable description at nearlv every house." Why, this is a condition of things far worse than was ever found in the cabin of the Popish Irish peasant THE British Empire is in A SEA OF " a sea of troubles," and TEOUBLES. in the opinion of foreign critics, its statesmen are not evincing a capacity to successfully cope with its difficulties. It is even assumed that the material power for the accomplishment of the task is wanting. But that opinion should be liberally dis. counted, as it may have had its origin in an unfriendly feeling. A correspondent of a London paper has written: —" I have just returned from a search for the traces of that British Empire which, until recently, had an existence other than in name. I pass more of my time in foreign capitals than in London. There can at least be hiding the fact that throughout Europe, from Russia to Portugal, from France to Greece, there is a distrust, a jealousy, and a hatred of England such as never existed within the last thirty years." As there can benodoubt upon this point, it is only natural that her foreign critics should write disparagingly of her policy and her resources. But, nevertheless, it is unquestionably a fact that within the experience of living men England has never been so much embarrassed by domestic and foreign troubles as she is at present. Of the latter class new difficulties are almost every day arising, and these the sapient commentators on Irish affairs in the Australian Press totally ignore. It is to these gentlemen of no account that France and Russia dis Lpprove of coercion being employed against Greece, though that attitude on the part of these Powers raises a very serious doubt that a pacific settlement of the Eastern Question can be brought about. As our readers must be aware, we have all along considered it very unlikely that the little Hellenic Kingdom would dare to set the threat of England at defiance if it had no reason to-expect that some big friend would take its part. It would now seem that Greece very well knew that she was not friendless; and since England has been unaccountably slow in making any further movement towards putting her threat into execution, it may also be inferred that she, too, has some idea that the proposed demonstration might be attended with consequences more serious than is desirable. And while matters are looking more threatening in Europe, Indo-Chinese affairs are assuming an equally undesirable aspect. China proposes to raise a very heavy loan for defences and railways, and to rely upon Germany for success in her financial negotiations. And as it is believed that that Power would very largely profit from the consequent expenditure, ^England looks askant at the proposal, her commercial jealousy being aroused. There was, a little time ago, some talk of an Anglo-Chinese alliance against possible aggression on the part of Russia or France, or of both combined; but things seem to have turned out all the other way, for we now hear that China claims a partition of Burmah in her favour, and we may be sure that she has done this at the prompting of neighbours on her northwest or south-east frontier. Thus, not to speak of troubles in Egypt, nor of embarrassments in the Pacific which Australia is bringing upon her, England has her hands pretty full of difficulties. And this- unfortunately happens when her right arm is almost paralysed by Irish discontent and disaffection, and when her own internal condition could hardly be worse than it is. 