Tales and Sketches. THi8 Poor Man's Wife. Ofer of Worlt i You Mil U in tVery line of Ihto man's face, in every glunco he cast About him, in ihe Very turn of hid he&d; and stodji of hie shoulders as bo moved slowly and oimlesfily along. Ho was aslenderly-built, wiry looking man of 35 or 40, with a thin face that was kindly looking, no doub', when times were not to baa, with keen blue eyes and ragged drab* bi»h hair about lips and brow. He walked slowly. How and then, at the corners of streets or where people were too busy to notice, he stood still and lookod about him unexpec* fcantly; then, as aimlessly as he had halted, he moved on again—his shoulders bent, his face hopeless, his steps dragging. He turned out of the jffast India road and down a narrowor, less brightly lighted streot, towards home. At the bottom of the street stood two or three houses, taller and blacker than their fellows, with grey windows and grimy doorsteps. Before one of these he paused. He did not enter} at once. The thought of the disappointment he was bringing home with him made a coward of his courage. His wifo would hear his first footstep in the house, and would wait with eager eyes for the no ws which bis face would toll her; he would see hor greeting glance of hope, and see it go. He knew the 'tone in which, after a minute, she would say, " Ho better luck, then P" sighing as she said it j he knew the dull,dead weight that would press upon him as she spoke. The home-coming was worse than all the day's weary wanderings to and fro. He waited. He leant against the wall, thrusting his hands down deep into his pockets, and glancing drearily up and down the Ul-lit street. * Presently noisy footsteps descended the stairs and oame through the passage. A woman came out. "'TJllo, 'Allot, that you?" sho said, in a shrill, not unkindly voice, brushing against him, then slopping. " Got a berth, yet ? ' Ho," said the man, gloomily, "nor like to get ono. I've been on the tramp all day. Where's the good? There's hundreds off like me—hundreds wantin* every job that turns up. I've been off since Ohris'mas - an* afore that I was off an' on, not earnin' much. I may be off till next Ohris'mas fur all I see. I shouldn't care, but there's the little chap an' the missus——" "She's up," said the woman. "Iran in to see her jns' now. She's no business to ba up." " She s wantin' to be about again," said the man, almost fiercely. " She's wantin' to be at her needle. I can't earn, an' she feels she must—there's where it is." For a moment, as he spoke, his eyes were bright wi'h tears. He drew his finger# roughly across them, and jerked his head back im patiently. ." I've seen the baby," said tbe woman. " He's a bit of a tbiog." " Yes, he's a little chap," said the father. " I'm going in. It's bitter cold. Good night." He shut tbe door behind him, and groped his way through the dark passage and up the dark staircase. His room was at the top. of the house. A line of pale sickly candlelight showed that the door was just ajar. Within the room, sitting at the table, with the candle drawn close to hor, was Hallet's wifo, Jinny, holding her young baby in hor arms and trying at the same time to sew. Sho was a woman of 25, with bright, blue-grey eyes, and pale auburn hair, with a little crisp ripple in it. Hor face was thinner than it should hare been; bard times were leaving lines of pain and sharpness about eyes and mouth; but Jiany was a pretty woman still, and there was an indescribable air of country healthiness and freshness about her good to sec. She looked up quickly as Hailtt came in. is fnoe answorod ttie question her eyes asked. Ho work yet—no hope of work. He sat down ia silence. Jinny look no no tie o. Generally, after the first minute of disappointment, sho would say briskly, with a tender little effort at choerine«s, 14 You'm tired, Wtllyum—you'm tired, I reckon ?" To-night sho hnd nothing to say. t»he preyed the child clos»ly to her, and sewed fast, stop ping every now and thon as though the sffnt were painful, then sowing harder than ever again, as though the painful effort were in some way an outlet for painful thoughts. ••William sat on the edge of the 'bed and watchod her. ;'Jinny visas downhearted, bo thought * 44 How've you an' th* little chop been ?" ho •aid;: with a laudable effort to seem cheerful and to cheer her. 141'vo scarce given thought to how we're been," said Jinny sharply, not looking up. 44 I've been workin', not Diinkiu*" THore was a pause. 44 You'm going the way to bo bad, Jinny," said the man in u tone of timid expostulation. : She. drew out her thread more quickly, and made no answer. . William watched her ag*in in silence. He was a little afraid of bis wife, perhaps. He was not a masterful man, and Jinny was in every sonso of the word 14 the missus"— a woman born to be a despot, who would tyrannise always, always be adored by her loving subjects. Jinny would go her own way, he knew. Expostulation was useless) nevertheless, after a while, ho gently expostu lated again 44 You'll be making tb* littlo cbap bad, too, if you got bad yourself," ho said. Ho answer. " You'v© no businois to bo.up/leavo alono at work," ho added. 44 Someone must work," said Jinny quickly j 44 fomeono must bo onrninV , i If aho had been herself to-night sho would) huvoropented of tho reproach at once, and liuyo mado up for it by sudden ploafant nbxs. i That was Jinn/s way. She yrsft quick of tem- ] per and quick of speech, and quick to forget her temper* dhft tfoula 4Up a child vigoroiislj and kiss it with tenderness, lavishing summary chastisement and unmerited forgiveness, un troubled by thoughts of justice. She would scold William unsparingly, and next moment smile at him* But to night Jinny let her sharp words gd( dad wai too miserable to 'oare about tlieir stifig. , , For the next 10 minuted thero was silence in the room, 'ibe man sat with his elbows oh his knees, his clenched hands propping bis chin, and looked drearily about the cold, almost empty room, with its bare door and walla and empty grate. All their household treasures— the things they had saved up for and bought together, and set such store on—were gone. Almost everything was sold that could ifo Sold —Jinny's Sunday clothes and his own, the bit of carpet,' the blue and red wool mat Jinny's brother had given Her; the block that had hung there on the wall, where there viKt a circle oi clean whitewash now, like a white moon id ~ grey iky; the cheBt of drawers that bad cost | £2 at a broker's in their nourishing days; I Jinny's japanned tray, the pewter teapot that had shone like silver—the room was desolate. Hia glance tr&tdlled; all round, and rested on bia wife, and on the "little chrip" tfbd had come into the world in such sorry times. Jinny worked with a sort of passionate energy, as though life depended on every stitch she took. William s gentleness and solicitude irritated her unreasonably. Why did he sit I there idle ? He should get work—the was working Jinny was not quite responsible for her words to-night. She was went and ill still. She had been taxing her small strength unduly; her nerves were all unstrung. she believed in William with all her soul ; she knew at well as he that bis failure in getting work was due to no slothfulness iQ the search; yet tonight/ because she was suffering . and because her motherly instincts made her impatient with hard times that would he bad for her Child; there was relief in upbraiding William She was miserable. She wanted to xnuke him feel a little of this keen misery which she was feel ing. He was too patient, too content. He ought to get work, the did not kr.o h how, but somehow he could get it. And he should get it. She stopped working at length because the child moved and cried. William moved, too j then, looking tondeny at ber' "Don't be down'arted, Jinny," he said, with a poor attempt at gaiety. " Where's the good o' -being down ?" " Down—who's down ?" said Jinny sharply. "Tou'm downhearted as you can be to night." "'lis time to be down, aeemin' to me," said Jinny. "Time for somebody to be down. 'Twould be better, most like, if other folks was a little less easy an' happy." <kYou'm meanin' me by that?" said William "You, if you like to take it so," said Jinny recklessly. "Some folks is easy by nature. I never hoard that they come to much good. Work does'n come by whistling for it." " You'm thinking I won't get the,work." " I'm not thinkiu* much about it. Where's the good o' thinking ? Sorco men gets work. Td see myself loafing about day after day " "It's pleasant, I reckon, loafing about with an empty stomach days like these," said the man, bitterly. "I know one thing—I'd get work," said Jinny, irrelevantly but conclusively. . After that, for some time, there was silence in the room. William got up slowly and went 10 the window, putting his hands in his pockets and whistling softly to himself. When his heart was heavy he. always whistled; it wo3 n way ^ of assuring Jinny and himself of his light'ho&rtednees.; Jinny was tho first to brook tho silence. Sho had been bracing bereelf up to a sacrifice; but the sacrifice was a v<>ry bitter one. the could not make it. graciously; There was no food in the house; she had f<"ted since morning, aod so had William, and there was nothing wherewitri to buy food. Sho looked down ut her k-ft hind, wuich wjh holding lier baby closo to her tendorly. Tbc ic*r* oatne into her eyes; she brushed them away fiercely. She drew* off the lhtl) gold bind front her third firger, aud put it on ihe table away from he-. " Vou can take it," she end. " When it's gone w-j can starve or cjnie to tho house, i itke it—tuke it." William stopped whistling, caught tin his green, battered, old hat, and went towards tho door. He le t Jinny's ring where ahe htvJ placed it o*i the table. "Take it," J,nny cried s hut ho did not heed. *Uh footsteps sounded in the parage below, and the house door slummed noisily. Tin ro^m seemed c uder when William was gone. Jinny tried to sew, hut her fing-ws were numb; her s?r-»ngth had d-j-erted her. Sho pushed tho work away from h*«* in despair. Xhen her bvby began to cry aga:u, and Jora long time would not 1>? comforted. sn hour parsed IVo hours. Three. A lodger's clock downstairs struck JO «Ti*Miv threw horss.f down on the bod, and waited and listened for William to rot it-n. aho had fallen asleep, when at length there wore foot steps on 'ho landing outside, and someone tnpptd at t.hc open door. "Mrs '.illet, my dear," said the woman in tho doorway, "may I como ia, my dear?" Jiuny started and was widw awake in a moment. " Come in," sho said. " Oh, it's iTrs. Durby. Come in." It was a comfortable, portly old woman who entered, bho and Jinny know one another very well. They had lived for a year in the same house, and had 6truck up some sort of friendship on the strength of their west cointry birth and scorn of Iondon ways. "I was asleep, I think," caid Jinny. "'Allet's gone out. I was thinkin' he'd been inr.fore now." Tho old woman sat down and looked sadly at Jinny. "I've brought 'eo bad nrwe. my dear," eho said, pausing to jea how Jiuny would bear It. " You musn't take on j there's others has been the same, better folks 'n you, It's— it's'AUet., Don'c'ee upact yourself j don't 'ee notVj but'^lht,your mac, he's—he's been took up. 'Xwas a aovttdigd. They've took'n up fur it." n. The winter was over. The skj was blue, the sunshine was warm in the streets, and the breeze had the light, gentle touch of late spring time. Jinny sat up ia bad this sunny after* noon,' looking like a ghost of her old felf. For a lonfj t:hi\\*»he hlad been fll. 6ho was bstter now, beginning w» ttoti⁢ inipatiently h'otf she had live j all these weeks at?3 to whom she' was indebtsd. Old Mrs. Xiurby had brought her Monday's washing into Jinny's room, and wrfts bending over a tub which was supported on two chairs, and talking, ard rubbing, and wringing, , all in tho eamo comfortable, tranquil fashion, ' without baste or flurry. "How had Jinny : lived?" Well, the district visitor had bean j good, and the parish had let her have some* thing., and one or two mighbours had been neighbourly. No need for Jinny to "fash" herself. I "I never thought to cotztf the the parish," said Jinny regretfully, "never. 'Alto might j 'a' come on the parish. I never would." " L'on't 'oe worrit yerself about that, my dear, belief folks 'n you have come on the pariah afore r.ow. Wlto you've got to do now is to cheer up afore your mStfsout again. His time is up'to-morrow,". Jinny'< blue eyes were cold as dtlel. ,;I minded that bis time is up," ehe said coldly. k* Better they'd keep un in prison. Stay in or come out, it's ad one to me." Mrs Durby plunged her arms into her tub with mr*re ecergy than usual. "He's your nsafi'' she. said. "Yotfm bound to stick to tour man.'' " He's no man of rtHc?/' srid fomy frigidly. "We're been honest folks—itfe an' mine — nVajs. lib oce could ray other of us. Art'no one shall say other. I'll fend for mysrlf, an* 'AUet, hecaa fend fur h«8?lf." The old woman sighed. ; fihe bad no sym pathy *itb suetitinwifely sentiments '* You'll drive your man from bid to wtffse," she raid. " He'll fkd the road easy," said ^inny^ bit terly. " Not much drivm1 ia't, I reckon 'lbft old woman rigbsd again. " I was never one o' th* hard ones myself," she said. " Oould anyone cast it agen you yer husband was a thief?" said Jinuy fiercely. "Aw no! My man was honest. TO say that for no," ?aid the old woman, comfortably. "If he hadn't been, Tshould 'a1 stuck to un all same," she added, after a moment. Jinny lay back on the bed for some minutes without speaking. Then she raised herself on her elbow again, and looked strangely at her companion. " I'll never forgive 'n," she said slowly—M never. Maybe I ought. Some folks might. I'm differ'nt. I couldn't forgive'n. I couldn't forget he'd bean in gaol. Folks raid— that night—I'd drove'n to do it. Drove un? Me? I'd rather'a' starved —starred a thou* sand times—than V touched a penny come dishonest by. . An', I drove'n to it! Likely tale! I told-un th' shop to go to, too. I e'pose; an' told the lady to drop her sovereign, an' 'o to put his foot on un, and pick un up, an' walk off ?" "Finding's keep;n*," said the old woman, apologetically. .V He didn' go to take it. Twas work he w&b; aslin* for. He was ready to work an' to cam his wage like an' honest man. They was askin' in the shop window *fnr a boy. 'Allot wasa' a boy, bat he was ready to work ; fur a boy's wage. Why couldn' they take un ? Thoy wouldn'. Then the money come in bis way. He didn' go fur to take it. But fiudin1 *s ksepin*." "An* keepin' 's Etealin'," said Jinny, sternly. The old woman wrung out the last garment in tho tub, and drew out he? arms and slowly I wiped the soapsuds from them She looked dis* I approvingly at Jinny rhe while ! "I wouldn't talk likothat," *hesaid. "'lVas | fur you he done it. That night when he come home, he was down at fore door standin'. An' our 'Liza, gbo says she stopped a inioute to , •peak to un. 'Got a berth yet, '^Uet?'*he j says. * No,* saji be, 1 an' I shouldn' caro—on'y ; you see.' says he. * there*.* the missus an' the ; little chap.* That's what lie s*ys Jinny laughed harshly. " I've heard that tale afore" ehn said. "Twas us droved un fc-s it! I'd 'a' forgiven un easier if they didn': bring that He against us. Uhnught of us, did he? A bravo lot he thought of u«, little Tommy an' mt, I reckon. When' he's a grown man folks '11 be able to cast it up to Tommy. * Father was in jail,' thov'Il say. Done it fur Tommy aud me, did he?" Jinny had tired heriolf out. For the next hour she lay still, rcitlug. Old Mrs Durbv hung the clothes she had washed on a lino across Jinny's room, and carried the tub down sUirt. Jinny was left alone with Tommy. Tommy was asleep. The sunshine, falling full on his little round red face, did not w.«ke nim. As hi* mother koked f own on him her lips relaxed, und her eyes grew tender. 41 Mother's lovely," she said, ooftly, iu sweet, west-country, csre«siug tones. " No worrit to mother—novo? will be." There was u r.otc of bitterness even in the tender, caressing tone iu which she spoke to her child. Tommy bad been <s a worrit " to his father-so the neighbours implied. 'They were anxious to excuse and defend William— there vros tho child, they said, and Hallet was "soft" on the child. They were cruel to Tommy. They laid the rfsponiibilily of William's wrong-doing on Tommy and on herself. "A man can't see his child and his missus starvo." they said. She and Tommy had been burdens. There was tho sting. It was late in the afternoon. Mrs. Darby's quiet but heavy footfall sounded on tho stairs ugaiu. " Mrs 'Allot, my dear." " Yes," said Jtcny. "There's tho lady o' tho dwt?ict, my dev. It's n btrango lady this afternoon, nho'e down belo w ; she ssys sho'll step up pr^ently au' res Jinny looked indifferent. " Shall I straighten th* bed a bit ?" "Where's th' odds?1' said Jinny. "She eecms a peachy body. Hot like th* one gen'ally comes." ^ The stairs creaked again. A brisk, incisiv* 1 s£ep aiffendcd ar.d stopped at door. Mrs Dikby ambled away, and the via to* entered. She was a tall, tb«tv creot woman, with long! neck and eloping shonl&r;«, and a narrow, i smileless face. Gray bird*l:ke eye? looked down,, | over a beak-like nose, at Jinny. ' "Good afternoon," she said, losing aboct ! her critically at the empty- room and Vut line I with the steaming, graj«baed linen, then Wk again at Jinny. ** Xou are the woman named Iiallst, t think ? My sister has spoken to me about yoff." "Yes, ma'dtcr," said Jinny, as bor visitor paused and seemed to eipscs her to say sosd^ thing. " My sister is unwell," continued the lady in Zuetnllic, incisive tones. "I ccwed to be sur p ised at her frequent indisposition after seeing the condition of some of the houses sho visits. Do you never open your windows? My fciate* tells me you have been ill?" • Jinoy was never one to pose as a suffers* before the class above her There was & healthy, hardy independence about her which made her sp-.ak cheerily of herself. "I'm getting round now, ' *Ue said- "1 shall pick up after a bit" "All this damp liun i« rot very gcod for you 1 should tbiuK." said tue lady, 1-jfijiy. , " jfi/e Mid DNib.»*«," tad JiuDy. "It's handler to bane it here —there's more room ! fnt it." The lady did mt piu'sa'* the loiut. " It tb^t your baby" ? How oi 1 is it? It i* very smell." 11 He's healthy," istd Jinny; shortly. "And how many more are tu*51®^" eaidthe lady, without much show of interest! " Ho more. He's my on'y one." " Ah —yon must be tbanktul." "Thankful, why? I could do wi*others* like Tommy. He'a no worrit—Tommy isn't." The lady looked around her again with calm, ! deliberate glance. Then she looked scrutinis I ingly at a wooden chair near Jinny's fcd ; and baring assured herself that it would not sully her garments, sat down " I hear that- you husband is in prison V abe» said. "Tee," said Jinny, shortly. "That's true.** " It must be a great trouble to you?" " I can bear it," said Jinny grimly. The colour came into her face; she put up her hand and pushed back th6 hahr from her forehead with an impatient moyement "Is this his first offence?' " Ifirst and loet," said Jmny curtly. " Yes, I hope, as you say, it may be hir last. My sister has told me a good deal about you. She has been very much interested in jour case. She has always, the says, found you honest and upriiht, and trustworthy. "There's naught to praise one fur in that," said Jinny. " She's same herself, 1 reckon. I never reckoned that anything out o' tV common." "An honest wife generally makes an honest' husband. Yon must induce yonr husband to feel as you do." "I'm not one o'th' sort to preach," said Jinny. 'Allet knows what's what-he don't want me to tell." " But what could have induced him to this ?" said the lady with the faiatest possible little smile on her thin lips. The smile, the superior tone, the air of calm, , lofty remonstrance, were more than Jinny could bear. All Jinny's little world had excused her husband, been eloquent in apology for him,» until now she had heard so word of censure procoonced upon him. The superior, questioning tone in which the lidy visitor in quired, " la this his first offence ?" and the accent of careless condetnuarion in which she wondered, "What could hav?inducidhim?" came to Jinny like a new experience. She for got hsr wrath with William. It was as though it had never been. Her or Ir instinct was 10 defend " her man." * " What made un ?" she arid scornfully. "Wait till you'm rut o' work, an' trie# au* strives, an' begs an' preys, week in week our, month after month, an' have others looHn' to 'ee fur food an' house-rcom, an' can't earn enough to keep versslf, leave alone them be longing to 'eo. Maybethen you'd find it pretty easy to understand!" The lady smiled slightly in a tolerant way. One cannot quarrel with one's inferiors. Jinny's ebullition of temper was unyemly, but dignity required that it should be over looks. | " There has been great distress.no doubt," j she said. "But jour.* hss not been a solitary j ease, if your husband had reflected he would ! have discovered th\t thousands were just as 1 badly off as ho " "Would !hat V mended it?" said Jinny, , u That wouldn' V given us food to eat. Tou ; wond« r why he did it ? 1 here's no folks you'm ! eoft on maybe, eifo you'd know. Maybe you'd i do it yerielf. most like, if there was folks you j was Joft on, an' you tried mornin', noon and night to earn an honest wage an' eouldn*— maybe you'd do it, too—maybe you wouldn', though—miybs the other lady would. Maybe it wouldn't worrit you to see them balongin' to ' 'ee cold, an' bid, an' wantin*. Tou'm not the ! sorb 'Allot, my man, 's mado differ'nt. tie i oouldn' 'bide us, Tommy an' me, to be wantin1 for aught. There 'twas We were worrits to un. Thank Gcd A'mighty, you'm not like to be any man's worrit an'lead un wrong —" Jinny's voice had become more and more shrill. Ir. followed the visitor down the stairs. Then Jinny was suddenly quiet. Old Mrs. tiurby ambled upstairs again by* and-hye. Jinny was holding Tommy in her arms, kissing him, and crying gently. Her ring was goue from her finger. She held a little round screw of paper tightly in her hand. The old woman chatted comfortably for' scmo minutes; then a pause came. "'Allet's out to-morrow," said Jinny, break ing the pause. i •4 Yes. To morrow. An' lio'll get work now, the chances are. They'm moat of 'em on | again." ' Another lengthy pause. 11 There's-nothin' in the house fur'Allot, said; Jinny. ■ "I'd like un to feel cheerful eomm' home. There's—there's this. You'll do it fur me P I've put it in the bit o' paper. They'll let you have somethin' on it. We^ can get it out again when 'Allet's in work an' I'm earnin*. 1 shall be earnin* *oon. • I'm pickin* up again. Will you tike it?'' "It's yer ring, my dear—what you was wed j with." , , "That's it," said Jinny. "Bafc 411et, nes my man. Td like un to find a bit of a meal, | an* things a bit homelike." Siieldos Clibkb, in Longman'*. 