THEATRICAL SLANG. \--2. (From the St. James's Gazette, May 20.) To a large extent theatrical slang is a matter of abbrevia- tion. The " Profession " seldom use a whole word when part will do as well, and they begin by calling themselves '* pros." A theatrical notice in the newspapers is not a " paragraph " hut a " pur." " Biz" Ib " business," but there are two kinds of it: " good bill. " means full "houses;" when " biz " is bud the Treasury is empty, and "the ghost walks." The actor's "biz," however, is quite a different thing, and so important that it is often given its abbreviated name of " business." It includes all the player's by-play. Hamlet's to Ming with Ophelia's fan in the play scene, the down's manipulation of the poker, the funny man's antics with the whisky bottle, Dundreary's hop, are all the special business" of the gentleman who plays the part. The " business " is often not in the book." It is frequently introduced by the creator of a part, tradition handing it down from generation to generation. "Buni ness " in old play has been traced back to before the days of Garrick ; indeed, the creator of some of the Shakespear , ian characters are still, it is believed, followed in their holdings by the old school of actors. Cowley j and Krmpo, for instance, are responsible for the , "business" of Dogberry and Verges; and the waistcoats of the first Gravedigger in "Hamlet" are as old as the 17th century. " His original character " is in line the , actor likes to be able to add to his name in the playbill. It is really means that the " original business " of the part is his. When one character's " business " is so great as to be the chief feature of the play the piece is called after him. r Thus, the popular farce "Turn Him Out" is "Nobb's ' Piece." " Business" in this sense was in use in theatrical t circles 130 years ago; and long before, maybe. The classification of players according to their line of business is little thought of nowadays, until lately, how ' avor, it was very arbitrary. The " heavy man was he who playpdsuch"pints or Hamlet's uncle, Iago, the " finger" in the " Ticket-of-Leave Man." Cassio was " walking . gentleman;" the utility man" was he who made himself I useful the " low comedian" could not poach on the preserves of the "light comedian," These were old women" (first and second), "singing chambermaids," loading juveniles" ( and "boys." These forms are still in daily use, but long "runs" will be the death of them. An actor's chosen nowadays to fill one part, when formerly he played a hundred park In a season. The manager of a " stock company " was always careful to have his heavy man," " chamber maid," he, and his "scores" of plays-that is to say, his lists of dramatic persons in the pieces he had down for production and opposite each name, in pencil marks, the technical term for the man who would play it. his fond of Hamlet-Mr. So- and-So," the score road "Hamlet loading juvenile" Old-fashioned managers and playwrights still have thin custom. The term " run " was used above. Fielding has a in the same house. When the player is in the provinces he is " on the road" to phrase obviously a relic of the times when actors played in barns and journeyed from town to town in waggons. Some companies only go to the small towns, when they are said to be " doing the smalls." Members or provincial companies are " out." To have a part in the piece being played is to be "on." If you do not know your words you are " duffer," and to "queer the manager's pitch " 12 to disappoint him. Few actors who play a variety of parts are well acquainted with any part in a piece but their own. They trust to the cup" to keep them right. The " one " is the sentence spoken by another which they have to follow. Often the only watch for the last word of the sentence. Then the "cue" is "the word." But is a slang term for good business toll- , ing speech, or anything else that the actor can make much of. By the bye,' " fat" is a popular Blanc form in several trades and professions, meaning something different In each. The compositor's "fat," for instance, is the blank space for which he is paid without having any type to "set." Rosalind's prologue in "As You Like It" is a lovely tag," that being a "bag in which the player addresses the audience. These are known as " the front of the house," and the theatre is the " shop." The play itself is called the " show." This i terms is but a year or two old, but is already popular. ! Much more ancient is the term " gods " for the occupants of the gallery. " Props," the abbreviation in use for " properties," is b ' very' important form. Everything stored at the then be for use on the sun goes a "prop:" Those are the manager's propS. The actor's props are the articles i of clothing which who has to provide for' himself. 3 These vary according to the status of the company, ' managers of repute providing everything except j fights and a few other articles, while needy managers like their company to have a wardrobe" of their own. | " Plot " is used with a somewhat peculiar significance, There are a number of " slots " to every play. Thus the " scenoplot " is a list of the various scenes. The " Hyman's 1 plot is a list of the articles required by the layman, 'or man J in the " flies." There is similarly a " gasman's plot." The j " property plot " includes all properties used in the place, - and the prompter is responsible for their all being to hand, at the proper time. The least important of the prompter's , duties, indeed, is to prompt. i To got a " reception " is to be welcomed with applause from the front when you make your first appearance for the evening; to have a, cell" is to be cheered back to J bow your acknowledgments when you go off. Quito as a much store is set on a reception us on a call. The one , means that you are recognised as a favourite, the other that I you have made a " hit." The "Star," or loading player, is put sadly out of countenance if he comes on in silence and the " super " has sometimes to suffer for it. By calling ( "supers" "supes," the actor contrives to get rid of the second syllable of "supernumeraries." Super " is vaguely , used at times to include the chorus ; though the ladies of the latter, at all events, recognise a difference. They sing, while the super is mute. The ballot lady, on the other of hand, does not sing sho dances. Of course there are slang terms for all these and here is a true little anecdote ' explaining the difference between a chorus girl in a ballet , lady. A few weeks ago someone asked an actor in a comic, ( opera if his wife, who is also on the stage, played in the same piece, "so," he said, gravely, She is not singer ' -she s a kicker." ' ' ' When an actor is out of an engagement he advertises in the chief theatrical paper that he is " waiting," or "resting." Managers making up a company invite i capsule of people to " write in." They are pretty sure 1 to address the ladies who i respond as their " dear child." if Shakespeare is to be played, only those " artists " need < apply who are well up" in the "legitimate." A V manager of the old school will ask them what they "sell," ' meaning what kind of parts they play. Preference is ( given to a comedian for farce or burlesque who con " gog," or introduce matter of his own into a piece on the spur of the moment's reference to a meeting of the local board of ' guardians, for instance. If the business is bad the house is J filled with "dead-heads"-perBons invited to come gratis. ' These have a written admission from the manager, and hence the term a " paper-house." But of theatrical slang there is no end 