THE FRENCH IN MADAGASCAR. STARTLING* A CCO UNTS. A correspondent, writing to the Madagascar I WMS on July 27, gives this description of "A Tour Up the East Coast" :—"I have not been able to give you any news since last March, as I have been in Tamatave, and the French open or steal people's letters. Once I received two papers two days after the letters had been delivered, and after the Postmaster had told me there was nothing for me. All my Malagasy Gazettes have been stolen from the packets. About Tamatave there is little to say that is not well known to you all. The French are tired of the war, and are dying with fever like flies. I never saw a day in Tamatave without two or three fnnerals, soldiers and inhabitants. About two or three weeks before I left it was reported that fifty-four French soldiers died at Vohimar in the space of a week with a kind of cholera. A band of ' disciplinable' (about 150) were landed at Tamatave, but had to be sent back to Reunion after two or three weeks' stay. All the volunteers have finished their time, and not a single one agreed to renew his engagement. This vexed the Admiral, and so ne kept them there against their will. It was reported that a French officer received a ball through the neck at Ditgo Suarez when they attacked that fort. If any one wishes to starve let him go to Tamatave. You cannot get a piece of beef except as a favour and paying a shilling a pound for it, and three-quarters bone. Eggs ten for a dollar. In fact Tamatave is a place where no one can stay for several reasons. Many foreigners are leaving Tamatave, and most of the French (those who signed the petition) are praying God to see the war over. They are all saying—' Where are the good times we had with the Hovas ?' and, * how glad we should be if we were British subjects.',: Now it appears they have discovered their mistake and regret what they have done. The Jesuit priests have a good time of this war. They are sowing disorder in every family in Tamatave by taking their servants for Catechism, and the women also; but the women go at another time of the day. Two priests, Fathers Chevalier and Lacombe, came to me about five or six times to take away the natives in my employ, but I was at length obliged to threaten to put them Gut of my house, and then they left me quiet until I left. They have the reputation of carrying on the most scandalous doings. They have no children at school, and wish to debauch all people's servants. It appears that they are the principal people desirous of seeing the war over, as they are afraid the Protestant missionaries will take away all their Jideles. 1 was always surrounded by certain people who call themselves British subjects trying to find out what was going on, and at last one told me that I had better leave Tamatave as soon as possible. I merely replied 'All right, let them turn me out.' I next made a trip to St Mary Island, taking a passage on board the French man-of-war Romanche. It would require a ream of paper to relate the disorder existing on board of her. I was treated most shamefully. As soon aa we left Tamatave an officer came to me and ordered me to go forward, and I was obliged to stay on deck among sheep and cows, and during the whole night I could not find a place to welter myself from the rain, and I was wet through. The next morning they kept me until 10 before they gave me a passage to go ashore, although we had arrived soon after midnight. Nothing surprised me so much as to near the quarrels between officers and crew. It is shameful for France to have such men to represent her. I preferred to return to Tamatave on board a small schooner. After nearly three months in Tamatave I paid a two days' visit to Fenoarivo. From there I went to Manaharana. where I was well received by the Governor, who gave me a bullock, aa well as geese, ducks, fowls, and rice. From Manaharana I paid a visit to Maroantsetra, where a cordial reception was eiven me by the Governor and officers. I then came here, where I was received in a manner utterly beyond all my expectations. The day after I landed the Lieutenant-Governor came down to visit me, and welcomed me with presents, including a bullock. After my ship left I went up country to visit the Governor at Ambohitsara. Here too I was welcomed to a wellprepared breakfast. How different were the receptions made to me by the Hovas and the one the French gave me. At Tamatave I was like an enemy, a spy, a ghost, and still I was among civilized men (so I am told) and here where I am amongst barbarians (as the French say) I feel happy as amongst friends. If all tbe foreigners in this country had known how to behave themselves I am sure every one would find himself like me, for it is very easy to live in good relations with the Hovas." The same paper publishes the following on September 3:—" According to later accounts by a vessel from Tamatave the moral check on the French consequent upon their repulse at Isahamafy has been very great. On the evening of the 10th inst. some of the Malagasy approached quite near Tamatave and burnt down several houses. The newspaper in Tamatave in a rambling article written in very bad French discountenances the idea altogether of there having been an attack, but calls it a ' reconnaissance d'un succes heureux et ielatant de tous les points de vue, except that there were a few wounded.' To form an idea, nowever, of the actual hand-to-hand fight that took place, one of the Malagasy spearmen took a very good silver watch and chain belonging to one of the French officers who was either wounded or killed, and wa3 being dragged away by his comrades. This watch and chain is not likely to be worn by the captor, and if the French officers at Tamatave were to mention the name of the somebody here might easily try and arrange with the spearman to have it returned for a reasonable price. The Malagasy are much more hardy since their victory. A few days after the battle two of the Hova pickets captured ten oxen in charge of some French gendameB near Tamatave. The gendarmes pursued and succeeded in recovering eight of their oxen, and the Hovas carried off two only. These are the specimens of the kind of uerilla war which may .last for years unless f'ranee leaves Madagascar to the Malagasy." On October 7 we have this aiticle headed : —"'The Shouts of Victory. Victorious Hova Troops Enter the City. A Captured Tricolour Borne in Triumph Through Antananarivo.'—Our city-of-a-thousand-villages, as the name of Madagascar's capital implies, has thus far had no popular celebration whereby to mark the year 1885 until we come to last" Thursday's triumphal entry of the victorious Bova troops from the northwest of the island. The year 1SS3 waa marked by the accession of the young Queen to a country plunged into what everybody predicted as a futile contest against a great and civilized European Power, and tne tremendous gathering that assisted at her coronation, though of a most gorgeous and popular character, was overclouded with the coming and uncertain responsibilities of the task. As events developed themselves the young Queen and ber Ministers struggled through the troubled waters of a wolf-and-lamb diplomacy until in July, 1884, she again summoned her people, and standing over thousands of glittering bayonets and countless bristling epears she declared a war to the bitter end; and the appeal was responded to by a war cry of determination, which the French have lately had occasion to listen to themselves, bnt which hitherto had been considered as only a demonstrative bravado, so few foreigners indeed there are who seem to properly understand the national character of the Hovas. By a strange and perhaps providential coincidence just another year has elapsed, and a new impetus is given to the national sentiment by the receipt of the news of two decisive victories; and the return of the North - West expedition has been the signal of a spontaneous outburst of popular feeling, which is likely to be tne distinguishing feature in the course of events for the year lf>85. The Hovas are a vindictive, determined, revengeful, and fighting people, but so many of the foreigners here read Madagascar history so shallowly that they will not yet be convinced of it. When Radama I., King of Madagascar, some seventy years ago girded a few yards of calico round his loins and led expeditions 500 miles on foot, subdued, subjugated, enslaved, and massacred Sakalava tribes, those expeditions were the germs of a kingdom established by rights imprescriptible by the laws of nations, but which the succeeding monarchs have never intended to lose hold of. A period of relapse into peace and consequent luxury and apathy has engendered a feeling very prevalent that after all the Hovas arc only a hill tribe, and that these scenes of bloody expeditions seventy yeirs ago are still open to the unprincipled intrigues of Asiatic slavedealers and French colonist schemes. Events have shown that what has been done can yet be accomplished with more determination, vigour, and administrative capacity than ever. We all know what Radama accomplished. The year 1885 has been the epoch of a similar aggressive policy, which has had the effect of striking fresh terror into the heart of the Sakalava. In our number of June 17, 16S5, page 224, will be found the dispatch of the expedition, which was allowed six months to accomplish its task. Acdriantsilavo, 14th honour, was in command, and Colonel Shervinton accompanied tbe expedition. Here is the extract from Andrianteilavo's speech to the Queen before leaving:—' When it is the good will cf Thee the Ruler to appoint and choose from *he thousand the fondling of thy own hearth to be the first to take the field, in order to restore peace to thy land and kingdom La the north, be confident indeed, 0 Lady, for if Frenchman are there, we will annihilate them; if fcakalava who deny their Qaeen. we will crush them '(J pieces. We will make those Sakalava lite unto the duog with which we plaster up the holes of the rice stores, and they shall see darkness. For is it not so, ye soldiers? Especially too when other nations are looking on at thee in thy work of defending thy land and kingdom, we will see that thoa eh alt not have cause to be ashamed, for God has left this land and kingdom to thee; and we are bold to give our wealth and our intelligence and our strength, nay too, and our lives, for the defence of this land and thy kingdom, as long as thou art not acknowledged sole Queen of this island. For is it not so, O ye soldiers? Long life among thy people, O Lady, and may affliction never come unto thee! If any of us soldiers now appointed should turn from the road, or desert or turn his back on the enemy, or lose his weapons, we will not hear of it. For is it not so, O ye soldiers ¥ It is not difficult to understand that after the expedition had scarcely been gone four months, after having travelled 475 miles, gained a complete victory over both French and Sakalava, and returned over the same distance with only twenty killed aud wounded, three or four left behind by sickness, and the few deserters who were summarily shot, it is not difficult to understand that this expedition received an ovation, the popularity of which was not a little enhanced by the already happy mood in whish the people feel themselves consequent upon their victories at Tamatave. At 12 o'clock last Thursday two companies of the Queen's Guards, with officers and a band of music, left town to escort the troopB in, and it waa nearly 2 when the cannon commenced firing to announce the triumphant procession. The streets were crowded with people for 4 miles, banners of welcome and garlands were hung in some parts, and bands of women, probably the relations of the returning troops, were stationed on the balconies clapping their hands to keep time to quaint and curioug melodies in honour of the victors. The procession was stretched over quite a mile; first came the 200 guards in red coats and black cotton trousers, and mounted officers, and a band of music which, as in all other countries, was patronisingly followed by an indescribable crowd of small boyB. Then came the troops. At the head were three little drummer boys, who looked none the worse for their 475 miles march. The soldiers marched four deep. All looked very hardy men, and certainly very cheerful on tbe occasion. The officer's came last in palanquins, the highest of rank being the last of all according to Malagasy etiquette. The officers had evidently been all picked men, and many of them would hardly be taken for Asiatics. Andriantsilavo, the General in command, is a coipulentman, with a decidedly European face and long side-whiskers. The chief object of attraction, ho wever, was the symbolical trophy borne in front of the officer in command. This consisted first of four Sakalava captives, French officers' coats, helmets, rifles, cartridges, &c.;, the whole surmounted by a French flag taken in battle. The officers were loudly cheered all along the road, and at length arrived at Andohalo, where they passed the flagstaff of the French Consulate. Before the French priests were driven out they boasted that we should soon see thie French flag in the capital, and many were the ^remarks [made apropos of this incident last Thursday. The whole procession then eeded to the Royal Palace, where the ;n reviewed her troops and thanked EI. No foreigner took any part in tbe proceedings. On Saturday a military banquet was given at the Palace in honour of the victory.'' From the paper of the same date we take the following account of the " Battle of Befitina":— "Although we mentioned a fortnight ago that there had been some severe fighting on the North-West CoaBt, in Pasandava Bay, we were not then in possession of the full facts which we now have, and which, appearing in the same number in connection with the return to the city of the victorious troops^ will be read with increasing interest. The troops left here in June, and were allowed six months to subdue the Sakalava who are In the immediate vicinity of Nosi-be. Very little apparently is known of this part, but it appears tolerably clear that it is the scene of iniquitous disorder consequent upon the French intrigues. There are great numbers of Indians, Mussulmans, and persons connected with the African slave trade there. The majority of these are properly speaking British subjects, but as their occupations ana means of livelihood are confined chiefly to the coast, where for years they have come in contact with the French of Nosi-be, it can readily be understood that there is very little national sentiment or political sentiment about them, provided they can carry on their unlawful traffic. At the present moment, and for several months, there has been much dissension between this mixed population and the French, because the latter are trying to levy taxes or forced labour upon them for the purpose of erecting fortifications. Then we have the Mozambiques aud the Sakalava. The Mozambiques, as we all know, are free subjects as far as the Qaeen of Madagascar is concerned, but we doubt very much about the freedom of many of them up there. The French, it will be observed, always lajr great stress upon the word Sakalava. Of course there are countless clans of pure Sakalava, but this part of the country which is the seat of French scheming is a mixture of Muslim, Mozambique, and Sakalava. We would here remark that after the present war is settled it is highly advisable for the British Government to place a Consul in tbat part of the island. He would protect the Indian interests, he could keep our Government informed of what is going on, and by occasional communications with menof-war he would exercise a great check on the slave traffic with Africa which the French tacitly sanction. In the bottom of the bay opposite Nosi-be will be observed a river marked on many maps as the Sangoa. The proper name is Jangoa, pronounced Dzangoa. A town on this river was the chief seat of the inhabitants over whom the French held sway. The town is also called Jangoa. A few miles northward is the famous Ambodimadiro, where Admiral Le Timbre hauled down the Hova flag, and where the French are building a fort. It was for the purpose of attacking this part of the island that the Hova expedition waB sent. After marching for several weeks the Hovas, with Colonel Shervinton, came within 50 miles of Jangoa, and the French had already heaid of their approach. The French Governor then wrote to the chief of Jangoa in the Sakalava language informing him that Hova troops would arrive, and that he would send soldiers to help them and cut off their approach. The country is very mountainous and covered with impenetrable forest. The French evidently calculated without their host, for Colonel Shervinton ordered a new road 40 miles long to be cut through the forest. This task required three daysand a half, and at midnight of the fourth day they emerged on to the plain within S miles of the town, and before daylight they hai surrounded it. The town was sacked and burnt. Great quantities of booty were Becured. Amongst the articles taken was an Indian dagger belonging to the Sakalava chief, which has been presented to the Queen of Madagascar. The French at Ambodimadiro heard of the capture of Jangoa, and came out to prepare to attack the Hovas. The latter also pushed northward in the direction of Ambodimadi'-o, and three days after the capture of the town the armies met at a place called Befitina. The French had 250 of their own troopB, who were seen coming over some rising ground early one morning. They had three machine guns. The Hovas were furnished with Hotchkiss guns. At a distance of about 650 'yards the two bodies halted and commenced firing. Almost at the first firing of the HotchkisB gun the French officer in command was shot, his head being nearly severed from his body. The French 'kept up a rapid firing, but their mitrailleuses were very badly managed. While this was going on an army of Sakalava appeared on the Ho/a right wing. A motley crowd they were, armed with double-barrel shot guns and a perfect museum of old arms furnished by the French. The Hovas had a very near escape from being surprised, 'but after all they had-, very little difficulty in putting their enemy to nieht. Then would have been the time for the French to advance, it would have inspired vigour into their 'allies' the Sakalava, but they stood looking on while the Hovas inflicted a defeat upon them. Seeing that the French had missed their only chance of success the Hovas now took courage and 400 of ; them, with a war- whoop, rushed on to the - hesitating French. Tbe Hovas were quite down upon them before the French were aware of it, and after a desultory and very short feint at resistance they broke ranks and fled promiscuously. A French subaltern stood to his guns and directed them persistently on any attempt to capture them. The Hovas then pursued the flying enemy for several miles down to the river side and cut them down. It is estimated that more than 100 out of the 250 are missing. Next morning the bay was covered with boats to pick up the refugees. The firing of the Hovas waB very effective. Had not the French Adjutant been killed at the firet onset the battle might have had a very different result, pie actual killed among the French soldiers in the engagement was forty. O.ie Frenchman was found dead in a tree, where he had gone to shoot; a Frenchman's ar.n Tag also found hanging in a tree. The Hova lo3a was 8 killed and 14 wounded," 