TURF GOSSIP. Br Augur. Catilfield was never more worth a visit than it will be this afternoon, when the Victoria Amateur Turf Club Grand National meeting will be the attraction for those who take an interest in things turfy. Although we are not yet through the winter everything is looking well, and there is a prospect ot first-rate sport, As is their custom when jumping events are the medium of specula tion, our Ballarat friends show a most for midable front in the Graud National Hurdle Race and Steeplechase, but during the sea son which has not long passed they met a worthy foeman in Mr. S. Miller, whose colours were carried so prominently by Mem der, Studley, The Irishman, and Koolyte. It is just possible that he may this afternoon upset what our country cousins apparently regard as the creamiest of creamy doubles. With equal confidence they awaited the issue for the V.R.C. Grand National double, when Sheet Auchor and Game were looked upon with so tnucb favour, but the certainty was disposed of in the first act, and the followers of the green and white were left lamenting. Still they are colours worth following, as the pnbiic testify by their un swerving loyalty to them whenever hurdle races and steeplechases are to be decided. What seems to me. to be a ridiculously short price about a jumping double has been ac cepted in favour of Huntsman and Game, and those who are spirited—shall I Say foolish—enough to take it deserve to win their money. One of the most interesting races of the day will be the Sapling Stakes, in which I expect to see several new aspirants to fame, as well as the Geelong winner Sunshade. There may be a flyer amongst those who have not yet appeared in pnbiic, bnt I shall stick to Sunshade, though It will not surprise me to see Query corrobo rate the good opinion I formed of her before Geelong, and Trust, who is her self again, may be difficult to beat. In the Grand National Hurdle Race Dura tion at first sight appeared to have about 41b. too much, but the distance is a mile shorter than the V.R.C. Grand Na tional, whose winner has more than a stone extra to carry. Ruby is raised 3lb. upon her Geelong weight, and meets Amateur upon 31b. better terms, which over a longer dis tance should be in favonr of the South Aus tralian mare, and.I expect to see Huntsman, Rubt, and Sinking Fund fighting it out for places. There are several speedy customers in the Selling Race, which Bhould go to Cuba or Mabel Gkay. In the Grand National Steeplechase Game has 161b. more than he carried to victory at Flemington. but even with this extra impost his frieuds believe bim capable of winning, provided that he meets with no accident. Lady Ashton meets him on 131b. better terms, and, as the dis tance is half a mile shorter, probably Mr. Pearson's mare may be allowed to adopt her old forcing-the-pace tactics." Although Native appears to be very badly treated as compared with Game, the shorter distance and smaller fences may be more to his liking. I don't think there is anything among the lighter weights likely to interfere with the top weights, whom I expect to see struggling home in the following order:— Gaslk,.Lajiy Abhtok, ana Native. Of the top-weights in the Balaclava Stakes, William Tell looked best upon paper, but Mr. Miller will not pall him oat for thiB. If Edith could Btay, I shoald not look any far ther for the winner, bat, as it is doubtful if she can get the distance, perhaps it will be advisable to stand Hogmanay, Meteob, and Quintot Matsep. Should Stafford be chosen to represent the Kingston stable, I should substitute his name for Meteor's The dast fiepd played high jinks in Mel bourne on Saturday last, but it was com paratively comfortable at Moonee Valley, where Mr. Cox provided some excellent sport for his patrons. Firebrace, who won tne two-year-old race, is in Mr. S. Miller's stable, and he is the first of the young geldings to win in Victoria this season. He is by His Lordship from Hrilt, by Smuggler, and was bred by Mr. A. Smith, of Gipps Land. He is possessed of two strains of Fisherman, and inherits some of the speed of his sire, who was, undoubtedly, the most brilliant youngster of bis year, and is just the horse to produce fast two year olds. I'm not so certain that he would have won had not Prattler lost two or three lengths by running wide, and still further jeopardising his chance by jumping the line which had been marked out for the mile start. Nor would be have beaten Patience so easily had she jumped away with him.' Patience is a rather promising sister to Santa Clans. Mr. Cook has a good-looking filly in Marseillaise,! a daughter of Darriwell,. whose prospects were extinguished through getting, away badly. Edith, who won the August Handicap like a racehorse, is growing into a very fine filly. She is a member of the Glorious family, and was bred at Tabletofi, by Mr. James Mitchell, who can rest assured that he has raised a good one in .this- youngster. Mr. Bradshaw's luck stuck to him with Seaweed, who was in grand condition, but she couldn't extend Editb, who was giving her several years in age and conceding nearly 2st Hector had a gallop oa hip own accoant &Tter; pass, ing the post galloping round fire tiuieB be tocehe could be stopped. Among the competi tors was a rare-bred filly called The Palm, by Grand Prix from Kernel,'who showed a bit of pace. Mr. S. Martinhad a wonderfully good thing in Hogmanay for the Goruitni&n; Handi cap, which he won with ridiculonsease, thatun fortunate mare Pocahontas again gaining toe unenviable position of second. I regret to say toot Mr. O, S. Agnew, the owner of the latter.was unable toh^tehd the meeting, in consequence of having met with a rather painful accident. There was a chapter of accidents in toe Steeplechase, bnt neverthe less there was a capital race between the three who did not make a mistake, Fickle, Tandsticker, and Sir Samnel, all pf whom were well handled, but Fickle had a bit the beat of the weights, and we were glad to see him land a little stake for "our George." Mr. Weeks is a perfect treasure to breeders and racing clubs. "Whenever there is & horse to be sola he is the most consistent and plucky of bidders, never failing to do good service to a race club when a winner of a selling race is submitted to auction, and always assisting the auctioneer when thoroughbreds are being disposed of. They'll miss him when he's gone. He had his eye on Mabel Gray after she won the Selling Race,- and didn't leave off bidding until after she hid reached £100. It is needless to say that the proprietor of Mobnes Valley was all smites. Preston's friends, who maintained wet their horse would have won at Wyndham had he not been interfered with, put down' their pieces with confidence in the Essendon Handicap, but O'Brien was at him before tlier reached the turn, and Honey Bee, running straight as a rifle shot, won cleverly, if not easily. The 1 accident to My Dream was the ouly incident ' which occnrred to mat the proceedings, though just as the visitors were leaving the course the wind shifted to the southward, and a storm of wind and rain Bent to cover all who hadn't the good luck to have a seat in a vehicle. The Geelong Produce and Foal Stakes nominations having been revised they were published last week. It is gratifying to find that the breeders of the other colonies have patronised the Foal Stakes so well, though I regret to notice the absence of the names of Messrs. W. Blackler and Andrew Town. Sir Thomas Elder is the largest contributor with 22, and Mr. Frank Reynolds, with his usual pluck, sends 14 nominations. Mr. C. S. Aguew has a couple of colts, both by The Assyrian, one from Old Love, and the other from Ruby, two mares who are likely to breed racehorses, for the former is by Castle Hill from Mayflower, by Boiardo from Heiress, by Jersey, and the other is by Mozart from Gviselda, by Old English Gentlemnn from Kathleen, the great grauddam of Monte Christo. Owners of horses are reminded that the general entries for the Australian Jockey Club meeting close at 4 p.m. on Monday next, the 23rd August. There are many events to attend to, and I expect to see a goodly num ber of entries from Victoria. The items for the first day which have not yet closed are the Hurdle Race of 150 sors., Trial Stakes of 150 sovs., Epsom Handicap of 250 so vs., Spring Stakes of 200 sovs., ana Welter Handi cap of 150sovs. For the second day there are the Shorts of 150 sovs., Maiden Stakes of 150 sovs., and Squatters Haudicap of 150 sovs. Then for the third are the Suburban Handi cap of 150 sovs., Grand Stand Plate of 300 sovs., Craven Plate of 250 sovs., Two- Year OldJPlate of 150.sovs., and Sydney Handicap of250 so vs. Chief among the events of the second day is the Rand'wick Plate of 500 sovs., of which 100 sovs. will go to the second, and 50 sovs. to the third. There is also a second Hurdle Race of 150 bovs., and the other events are the Members Handicap of 150sovs., Waverley Handicap of 200 sovs., Steeple chase of 250 so vs., and Free Handicap of 150 soVs. Victoridn entries1 will be received at the V. R.C. office, aftd tho3e of New South Wales at the A. J.C. office.'- Those who have horses engaged in the Metropolitan Stakes will bear in mind that the first forfeit is due at 4 p.m. on Monday, and all who wish to in cur no further responsibility will do well to take time by the forelock and withdraw at once. Mr. R. G. Talbot was in hopes of being able to send his mare Blink Bonny to Dare bin. He selected the eon of The Peer and Lurline for two reasons—first, because he believed he possessed every quality essential to success in a sire, his blood being just of the lines which would nick with the daughter of St. Albans; and secondly, because he owned half the horse when he won the Derby. The purchase of Darebin by Mr. Haggin, of San. Francisco, having upset all his ideas respecting the union he desired, Mr. Talbot determined upon Napoleon, and Blink Bonny was shipped for Tasmania on Monday last. The selection, I think, is a very happy one, for Napoleon's descendants have proved their ability to gallop—notably, Mozart and Silvermiue—ana a colt by this horse "from such a mace as Blink Bonny should be invaluable. By the same boat Mr. W. Brown despatched five mares, who will also visit Napoleon, one of them being a daughter-of Angler and Southern Cross. Our American cousins were in' the full swing of their raciug season, in the.month of June, and I observe tbat at the Sheepsliead Bay—what a euphonious name—Mr. J. B. Haggin's colours were again to the front in the Coney Island Derby, which was won by Ban^Foz, a son of King Ban and Maude Hampton. The winner ran the mile and a half in 2m. 38fe., and in the succeeding race, run over the same distance, Ten Brooker ran it in 2m. 37£& Miss Woodford, the champion mare of America, and a gelding named Bar num ran a dead heat for the Coney Island Cup, each carrying 8st 61b., and running the mile and three-quarters in 3m. 7£s. The crack two year old Tremont was again sue cessful in the Paddock Stakes and Spring Stakes, in the latter of which he carried 8st 21b. and ran the six furlongs in lm. 16$s. They laid 10 to 1 on him, and he won by 10 lengths. During the day the King's Connty officials visited the course and arrested a number of bookmakers who were plying their caHing, but directly they departed betting was resumed. In some of the states open wager ing has been, declared illegal, but the obser vance 'of the law is not carried out very strictly. A number of South Australian religionists are making common cause with the ring men in Btrenttousjy opposing the re-introduction of the totahsator. " Trumpator" has the following on the subject" Supporters of the totajisator. are getting indignant at the determined opposition of the clerical gentle men to their bill, and some of them have already decided upon going in for retaliation. This week I have heard of two wealthy members of Parliament who have signified that they will subscribe no more money to churches, and I know of five or six other totahsator men who have done the Bame thing. Nowthat this .action has been taken by a few protninent men, many other totalisator supporters may be expected to follow the lead. One of the M-P.'s who has ceased to subscribe to his church belongs to the Kev, CL Manthorpe's congregation, and I believe the subscription, which for the future will be lost to that church, amounts to £20 annually. Sporting men say the argu ment that racing men must support their sport without any outside assistance if they wish to have it applies equally to the churches, and if the many influential men who wish to see the totalis&tor; enacted adopt the course strnqk out by the Bporting men I have heard of this week, the 'goodygoody* people will have to dip a little deeper into their pockets for the future to find meanB to keep their churches going. Racing men all over the. world are noted tor their liberality, and I have no doubt they have paid their full share towards supporting religion in the past, but they naturally resent the very prominent part taken by the parsonB in this struggle over the totalisator, and feel it necessary to go in for reprisals." Merrimu has been put into slow work again. Prime Minister has rejoined J. Morrison's string. The Indian owner of Despot has changed the horse's name to Phoenix. Let us hope that the re-christening will bring a change of j luck. I J. Watson, who has for some time been following his occupation as a trainer in India, intends to return to Australia, and the Indian papers state that it is quite likely Southall, who is no w in Australia, will return to India. When the lost mail left England C. .Wood was still ahead of F. Archer in winning mounts, the former having 76 to his name and Archer 71; • Wood's average is far the better ot the pair, for he had had only 200 mounts to Arcberh 24L \- Another candidate for Derby honours has been introduced to the betting market, This is St. Paul, a very useful member of the Newminster family, and one who, if nol quite up to Derby form, will some day more than repay his present owner the outlay he made in his purchase. St. Paul is doing well at Caulfield, where be has for a companion Kenneth, whose forelegs are not of the best, and just now are giving some trouble. The son of Newminster, however, has legs like steel bars, and should stand the severest of preparations. He is bred like a racehorse, for his dam Ouida is by Yattendon from the imported mare My Fancy, by Blair- Athol from Miss Mcrryweather, bv Weatherbit. Newminster, with his Stopkwell and Touch stone blood, is just the auimal to hit to a mare bred like this. Judging from the num ber of horses already backed for the V.I1.C. Derby the layers of odds are likely to reap a rich harvest, especially in doubles, for Trident, Volcano, Crossfire, Chesham, Blair gowrie, Yellow Jacket, Acme, and My Lord are all popular with the backers of horses. and if some despised outsider should pop up things— —and there are more improbable tnings what a timethe gencle, confiding public will have. In naming some 20 Australian horses from whom it would be difficult to select the 10 best 1 overlooked a very high class animal in Le Grand, whose name should have been in cluded. He was one of the best all-round horses I ever saw, possessing both brilliancy and stamina in a remarkable degree. Who can forget that at one meeting, when he was three years old, he gave weight to Malua, and ran a capital race with him in the New market Handicap, then gained a situation in the Australian Cap, and finally won the Champion Stakes ? I wish Mr. Donald Wal lace had one as good to carry his colours this season. The magpie jacket wouldn't be in the rear. Mr. Henry Sampson (" Pendragon who visited us a fe.w months ago, writes as he rambles, and his popular little weekly con tains several budgets containing narratives of his adventnreB during liis trip to Aus tralia. He wasn't in love with Suez, which he pronounces the most disgusting of dirty places, and thus he reflects:—" Ah ! dear old SimB, friend of my youth and associate of my riper manhood, to whom this heart turns as I write in the Red Hot Sea, you wouldn't be in it at Suez. Your ' Horrible London' would be a vision of palaces by comparison, and you would at least find that you had come upon a spot to which it was impossible in mere words—in mere words in tended for publication—to do justice. If you tried your level best there is no one in prosaic England who would believe what yon said." His next contribution will probably introduce Australia, and though he didn't see a great deal of Victoria, where he re mained but a few days, he tarried longer in New South Wales, where he saw some very fair racing, and his impressions will be read with interest in these colonies. High-priced yearlings are not. as a rule, successful on the racecourse, though we have had many instances of where they have more than recouped their owners. In the year 1884, at the Blankney sale of yearlings, 23 sold for 42,200 guineas, and I learn from The Referee that only two of theua earned anything as two year olds, Ste. Alvere having won £3,229, and Oberon having walked over for £150. Mr. Abington must be a princely supporter of breeders, for last year be gave £13,150 for five yearlings. No doubt the career of these youngsters will be watched with interest, just to see if they return the plucky purchaser his money. Mr. Allred Joseph, the well-known member of the ring, refused the honour of being made Mayor of Sandhurst, because he was requested by other councillors to state whether, in the event of being elected, he in tended to give up hookmaking. He regarded this as an impertinence, and resented it by refusing to stand. Strolling round Flemington a few days ago I noticed that the new stands were pretty well completed. They will accommodate a large number of people, but when there is a crush on the bill there will be some difficulty in emptying the stand. These buildings are not things of beauty, nor are they likely to be joys for ever, inasmuch as they are composed of nothing but wood. I don't quite catch the style of architecture, but it will remind visitors to Flemington of the houses they used to draw upon their Blates when they went to school during the first decade of their lives. As I walked round the tan gallop I couldn't help being struck with the great im provement that had been effected by extend ing the width. Walking up the straight I found that the little mounds caused by the tufts of grass were again appearing, and it Vould be to the advantage of competitors if the members of the works committee were to see that the ground is well rolled. Several of the elm trees planted last year have died, but at present no attempt has been made to renew them. The boxes were all in good ordei; and the new road at the eastern end of the training ground was fast approaching com pletion. Trainers living on the Kensington side will find this a great boon. Very satisfactory entries have been re-' eeived for the Elsternwick-park meeting. The Hurdle Race has filled with an entry of 34, several good performers being amongst the number. In the Sapling Stakes there are 20, including Sunshade, Firebrace, Patience, and Trust The Steeplechase has 21 engaged, aud the Selling Race 16, while there are 34 in the August Handicap. The Sydney Tattersalls events have also filled remarkably well, for there are 23 in the Hurdle Race, 45 in the Tramway Handicap, 33 in the Selling Race, 26 in the Two-Year Old Stakes, and 59 in the Spring Handicap. I would point out to the promoters of Vic* torian suburban meetings that the lost-, named race is one mile and a quarter, and has commanded 14 more entries than tbe six furlong race. Mr. is. Martin, who was timekeeper at Gee long, informs me that the correct time ior. the two-year-old race run at Geelong was 38|sec. In giving the time to the man super vising the telegraph board he made a mistake of a second. Falkirk, who was sold to go to India, has turned a terrible rogue, and at times refuses to go oat of a canter, let his rider do what he may. It has therefore been determined to add him to the list. The oldest sportsman in the Australasian, colonies, Mr. John Woodcock Graves, sen.,1 died at kiB residence, Hob&rt;, a few days ago. There can be no two opinions respecting bis claim to be considered the veteran sports man of the colonies, for he was about 100 years old. His name was always mentioned with reverence by the men ot Cumberland, his native county, for he was the author of the most f&mons; of hunting songs, " John Peel." Only a few monthB ago I saw the old man in Hobart He was very feeble, and it was evident then that life was fast ebbing away. His son, John Woodcock Graves, who died several years ago, was as good a sportsman as ever nSndled a rod or gun, and I remember him leading an island for the purpose of stock ing it with game. He ownea a racehorse or two/and One ot them he called John Peek At a race meeting where he was appointed one of the handicappers, he retired When the weight of his horse came under Oonsiaem tion. and on returning he objected to tne weight allotted to John Peel. "Wfav?" asked his fellow-handicapper. " Pecause you have given him too light a weight," and he insisted that lie should he raised 71b. His request was acceded to, but notwith standing his horse just got home. The owner of the second horse protested against Mr. Graves receiving the stake because be had assisted in handicapping, but the stewards very properly dismissed the protest. The AuMralastan was then appealed to, with a similar result, and finally Admiral Rous's opinion was asked, and the dogmatic old sailor was somewhat emphatic in his reply, which was in favour of the steward's de cision, i Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. held a sale of horses at Kirk's Bazaar on 'iuesday, but the only animal disposed of was the steeplechaser Deceiver, who changed hands at 15 guineas. The scare about Trenton extended only t-o Victoria, and the New South ales folk declare it was raised without any cause. Prom the reports circulated in Melbourne it was thought that the horse hud broken down irretrievably, and when 1,000 to 10 was offered against him he was put down as a "gone coon." On Saturday, however, in telligence was received to the effect that the horse had exercised that morning, aud had pulled up ouite sound, lie has since been working on the tau in company with the hurdleracer, Commodore, but it is said that his style of going, and the amount of work he is subjected to, do not satisfy the know ing ones, who are watching him every morning. I have been requested to state that al though Mr. Henry Austin—who proposes action to prevent the two-year-olds of New South Wales starting before the A.J.C. spring meeting—was a member of the Aus tralian Jockey Club committee, he does not hold the position now. Mr. Austin resigned when he visited England. During a visit to Elstemwick-park one day this week I noticed that Mr. Thomas llaydon had made several improvements since the last meeting. Entering the ground by the south-western gate, I found that the grass in the centre of the saddling-paddock had been hurdled off with a view to preserving it, aud owners of horses will be pleased to bear that the shed accommodation has been consider ably increased. An addition has also been made to th* joeXeya' room, which is now double its former size. Another small 6tand has been erected in the saddling paddock, and this will provide standing-room for about 3X» people. A commodious luncheon-room has been built at the southern end of the stewards'-rootn, and the appearance of the weighiug-stand has been greatly improved bv the addition oi a very pretty little verandah. Perhaps the improve ment which will be most appreciated by the public is the number-board added to the judge's box, above which a frame has been erected, and in a slide easily worked by the judge the numbers of the placed horses are hoisted directly a race is finished, so that ererybody can sec them from any portion of the enclosure. At the time of my visit the lawn was clothed with a thick carpet of ryeand clover, and I was glad to notice that the grass i •was having iuii liberty on .the track, which1 was once nearly spoilt by the trotting men insisting upon the grass being re-j moved." I walked over the new training j track formed inside, which is quite as good as the sand track at Elemiagtou, and I was not surprised to hear that several flat racers are now trained there, and that the Caulfield division often have a quiet trial oa the ground. A. Mulhollaud, the American trainer of trotters, has stabling close by. and he was putting some of them through their facings. A grey relative of Leithamstead's struck me aa a likelyjooking animal, with all the attributes of a trotter. If there is any excellence in her Muiholiand is just the man to make the most of it Not far from the course is the residence of Mr. Stratford Strettle, who has always taken a deep interest in the club which provides sport at Elaternwick- park. He is, I'm glad to say, recovering from the serious illness which has confined him to bis bed for some time, and, having paid my respects to him, Barr showed rue through the stables, which are well-ventilated and roomy. 'They are not, however, occupied by racehorses, though Barr has under his care a couple of very promising young trotters—one by FirebelJ, who, it will be remembered, was once first favourite for the Melbourne Cup. The pony Creole also has a box. Somebody had the audacity to nominate the last-named in .Sydney without the owner's authority, and gave a fictitious record. 1 believe steps will be taken to punish Die offender. The Hawkesbury events have filled well, and there should be some rare sport on the 9th and 11th of next mouth. The September Handicap has the biggest entry, 33 having been nominated, and this number includes Krupp, Fraud, Gozo, Folly, and others whose spring form tnrfmen are anxious to find out. That good horse Moonshee, having broken down while running at the Liverpool meet ing, has been scratched for all engagements. I regret that so good an animal should have run bis last race. However, be is a good-bred one, and should be a useful stud horse. ! My reference to old race cards has brought j forth several others, and none has more in-1 terest than that of the Adelaide races of 1838, j which has been handed to me by Mr. Hurtle j Fisher. It can hardly be called a card. It is a programme printed upon yellow satin, and i of the eight races decided on the two days six were matches. One was between Mr. (afterwards Sir James) Fisher's Black Jack and Mr. S. Stephens's Polly. The former, who was a Tasmanian horse, won, and there ma/ have been some connexion with this animal and the horse whose name appears in the pedigree of some of the speediest horses of the present day. Mr. (afterwards Sir John) Morphetf also appears as a nominator, and he .won a match with his bay mare Fidget, who was subsequently defeated by Mr. S. Stephens's Poily, the unsuccessful opponent of Black Jack '/"Why shouldn't Fisherman be included among'the greatest of English racehorses!" Bay^ a-friend- of mine. - -I see no reason, for be pros one of the stoutest and gamest horses that ever ate a feed of corn, in his time he wop TO races, and, besides beating great horses in Gemma di Yergy, Saunterer, Life boat,-Arsenal, Gildermine, North Lincoln,] and' Newcastle, he clipped the wings of Defby, Leaer, and Oaks winners, in El lington, Warlock, Sunbeam, and Mincepie. Twice was he victorious in the Ascot Cup, and twice in the Warwick Cup. The Queen's Vase, at Ascot, Epsom Cup, and any number of ' Queen's Plates were carried off by the old hero, and when he travelled to France be appropriated the Prix de 1'Etn pergur. Many of his descendants in Ana tialiahave inherited his stoutness oi heart anQ^jMftness of foot, and among the three promise to keep up the reputa pre Crossfire and Trident, i|HHHSphndVcolts will probably hold «^HMEpnbngf the two year olds, ~ than Traducer was ever im ^BwH^Aaetralia, and one of his most Bplfjahl sons. eras Welcome Jock, whose * ■ is now ended, and he goes to 1 to stand at Tot f tenhara Fnrm. near the Dandelions railway I station, at the moderate fee ot la £^ine^' i and breeders who have not made ar j raiigements lor their mares «rannot do better than send them to the New Zealauder. In his native.land he was j a 'first-class performer, winning at alt distances handicaps and weight-tor-n^e race , and Ins breeding is of the very best uras ud i horse, as he is, by Traducer * Mie i by I'eter Flat troui Mountain Nympp b> the 1 English St. beger winner Shrlattonbyhea On Tuesday next, August 24, Messrs. W. G. i Yuille and Co. will, dispose of Mr. George Davis's horses in training. The lot includes that good little mare Cauierine, who has per formed so well during her racing career. Comus. a near relative of Columbus. David, and Garuerine, is a useful-looking Derby colt, Meerschaum is a smart filly, and Deploy, Davstar, and Dexter are all worth the atten tion of those in search of horses, un tue same day the well-known steeplechaser Clarence aud Esmond will also be submitted. The latter should be a treasure to an up coantry racing uiau. It baa been generally admitted that Crusader is one of the best as well as one o the handsomest Arabs ever imported to Aus tralia breeders who are fond of a dash ot Arab blood will be pleased to hear that bra owner has determined to place htm at their service near Melbourne for the modest fee of six guineas. Messrs. C. U Griffith and Co. will hold a special horse sale at Albury ou Indayaud Saturday, September 3 and 4 Next week there will be a great gathering at the National Agricultural Society's Show, for which extensive preparations have been made. I must compliment the society upon the beauty of its grand-stand. It is one of the best in Australia, and all who wish to see the parades of horses, cattle, Ac, and the trial of the hunters should not fail to have a peep from this coign of vantage. The dining rooms underneath are most spacioas, an a some day when a resident of Flemington wins the Melbourne Cup, and wishes to entertain his friends in honour of his victory, he can celebrate the occasion by giving a grand ball in these commodious halls. Bv the bve, this reminds rae that Mr. Jos." DuifetA who gave a Grace Darling ball at Caulfield after his mare won the baui field Cup, was last week similarly entertained bv the residents of the district. There was a large attendance, and a most enjoyable even ing was spent by those who had the good for tune to be present, I'm glad to hear from Sydney that Lord Carrington'a fiiiy, who got rid of her rider and ran into a steeplechase fence a short time ago, is again able to take slow exercise at Randwick. The revised programme of the Yarrawonga Turf Club meeting appears this week. Chief amougst the items is the Yarrawonga Han dicap, entries for which, with other events, will close with the hon. secretary Mr. G. D. Holland, on the 25th August. The September programme for Moonee Valley appears this week, and is framed ranch upon the same lines as the last. First comes the Spring Stakes of 00 sovs., winch is for maiden two year olds. This is succeeded by the September Handicap of 50 sovs,, and Mr. Cox intends to give tne amateurs another opportunity for a ride by adding 50 sovs. to a Corinthian Handicap. The West Bourke Steeplechase of GO sovs. follows ; then there is a Selling Race of 50 sovs., and the whole will conclude with the Keilor Handicap of GO sove. Entries close ou Monday, AugUBt 30. Maroondah, by Angler from Lurline, who has for some time been in T. Lamond s hands, returned to Victoria on Thursday, and will join the remainder of Sir. Gardiner's horses now in W. Staddin's charge at Bun doora-park. Among the well-known stud matrons who have foaled early is Calumny, who has pre sented her owner with a filly by Chester field. Mr. Kcrouse informs me that the steamer that conveyed the horses shipped to India by him and Mr. H, Madden arrived at her des tination after a splendid passage of 28 days. An Irish jockey named Miley arrived in Melbourne a few days ago. He has often ridden at the Curragh meetings, also in Eng land, and is anxious to enter into an engage ment to ride for some Australian stable. In order to include the new rules of the Y.K.C. and the revised list of registered HUU IUC KVTI0VU V* colours it has been deemed advisable to post pone the publication of the 2 urf Eegider until about the 1st of September. Mr. J. Hawkes, the secretary of the Mur rumbidgee Turf Club, writes to inform me that the name of Vedette was accidentally omitted from the nominations of the Grand Stand Handicap and Town Plate. Also that Mr. W. Neil's entries for the Steeplechase^ ar rived too late. When wili owners take time by the forelock? The acceptances for the New Zealand Cup include Nelson, Winchester, and Liverpool. Does this mean that their owners do not in tend to send them to Australia this season ? I hope not, for their presence would add materially to the interest of the Caulfield Cup and Melbourne Cup Gipsy's Warning has been struck out of the Caulfield Cup. . ... , A meeting of the members of the Miners i Race Club Was held in Craig's Hotel on Wed nesday. There was agood attendance, Mr. B. Hepbarn being in the chair. It was resolved to raise £1,000 by debentures bearing 6 per cent interest, for the purpose of erecting a fence round the ground and a grandstand. It was also decided to call for tenders at once for erecting a stand at a cost of about £400. Over £400 is in hand, and promises have been made of £200 mora The Government have promised to'permanently reserve thejjronnd, and there is every, prospect of the club being put on a very satisfactory footing. The hurdle and steeplechase courses of the Victoria Racing CJub nave been recently sur veyed, and the Grand National .Hurdle Race. course has been found to be two miles three quarters and 307 yards, or 133 yards hhort.of three miles, and the steeplechase course is three miles and 342yards. The friends of Mr, Byron Moore will be sorry to hear that he is still confined to his room through a severe attack of sciatica. Messrs. W. C. Ynille and Co', report that tbey have this week sold the thoroughbred sto'lions Dirk Hatteraick, by Smuggler from Paradox, to Mr. P. O'Loughlin, Nurnnrkah; also Bend Or, by King of the Ring from Device, to Mr. Barrow, of Elmore. Both of these horses shonld be acquisitions to the re spective districts tybicb they have been selected for. ' ' ...... I regret to say that while following the Melbourne Hounds yesterday Mr. C. Glass cock received a nasty fall. He was riding LochieL, who fell with him at a fence, and Mr. Glasscock had two or three nbB broken, and his bead rather seriously injured. U1J HLCUi Tom Hales, who bas been spending the winter in Riverihs, paid a flying visit to Mei bourne during the week, and 1m glad to say he is looking hearty and well. . w to awaaay s'vtw y nuu wvbi * Mr. J. Whittingham has determined to send Prometheus to the stud Hub season. but it is quite probable that the hor^e will be trained tor the antuum. Mr. Thomas IViisou arrived from Ballarat yesterday, and was accompanied by Game J and Huntsman, who were both looking well. T. Corrigau also came to town, end he will I wear the green and white jacket, this after noon. J, Scolue brought down St Louis, a ' good-looking brother to St. Lawrence, and A Ferguson had Vat ire under his care. It is reported that Bunion has changed hands. Fruut Evening. The heavy rains which have fallen during the past few days have rendered the going at Cauftield very heavy, and it is quite possible that it will have a "material effect upon the results. The horses whom it should assist are Sinking Fund and Bonnie Lad in the Hurdie ilace ; Lady Ash ton and Wickiiff e in the Steeplechase: and llichworth and The Ghost in the Balaclava Stakes. In such ground as Huntsman and Game will have to race on it seems the height of absurdity to accept such odds as 5 to I about the double. I shall not be surprised to see the first item end in favour of an outsider. 