THE STORY-TELLER. ELFIE. BY JAMES COLEMAN. {Concluded,) It seemed as if I had been asleep barely five minutes, when the braying of a couple of donkeys startled me, and made me wake and wonder where I was. It was fair daylight. and the sun waa streaming into the room, so up we jumped. I found, by-the-by, that although George had not been bo favoured, my clotheB and boots had been carefully brushed. A large brown glazed pansion of cold water, a piece of soap, and a rough towel was placed on a barrel at the foot of the bed. Impro vising a hasty toilette, we turned aut, and found a substantial breakfast awaiting ub. The Sibyl was crouched before the fire, smoking her everlasting pipe; the pot au feu was bubbling awav already. Donald was below preparing the donkeys for the day's journey, while Elfie remained to wait upon us, still fixing her weird wondering eyes on me. By the light of the day she was even more beautiful than she had seemed the night before; but she was as reticent as ever. I heard her speaking in some gibberish to the old woman, of whom I ventured to make enquiry as to whether she could not speak English. "Speak English?" replied the Sibyl; "aye, speak it by the yard, when she's in the mind; she's no i' mind the noo, na mair am I; so you'd better gang, and guid luck gang wi' ye." Had she been a Queen, dismissing us to the holy keeping of Heaven, the ancient dame could not have given us our conge with a more regal grace, So, with Elfie leading the way, we took our departure. When we got into the street, there was Donald Bmoking his pipe, with Bogey at his heels, and the two donkeys prepared for the day. One of them was attached to the tinker's barrow—a large and ambitious affair, with all kinds of grind stones and treadles and straps, flaming brass things, and a seat for the driver. The other had a couple of large wicker panniers on either side. As we shook hands and thanked our kind friends for their hospitality, it occurred to me that it would be a proper thing to assist Elfie to her seat, and offered to do so, but she just motioned me aside, stepped baok three or four paces, called out something to the cuddy, and without the slightest apparent effort, took a flying leap and alighted on the croup, tucking her right foot under, leaving the left leg hanging down, and forming, as she trotted off, as picturesque a figure as I ever remember to have seen. Donald set off after her, and we made the best of our way to the inn where we were to meet the reBt of the company. On our arrival we found chat our worthy manager had succeeded in inducing another victim to join us, in the shape of a new lead ing lady—goodness knows, it was not before we wanted one. Miss Victoria Fitzurse was a Btylish, beautiful young girl, but a perfeot novice, and gave little or no indication of the great ability whioh afterwards enabled her to attain so distinguished a position. However, such as Bhe was, with her fine person and her splendid wardrobe, she was a great acquisi tion to our slender resources, and enabled us to play " The Lady of Lyons," " The Bride of Lammermoor," and other plays of an amatory and attractive character, with a certain amount of respectability—not that any one ever came to see us act. We acted to a perpetual round of empty benches; in deed, had it not been for Donald and Efie. and sometimes the Sibyl, we should have had no one at all in the house. Of course, our friends were on the free list—a privilege they steadily availed themselves of, for they rarely, or ever, missed a performance. Night after night they insisted on taking us home with them; their bountiful Buppers frequently enough did duty for dinner to-day, and breakfast to morrow. On these oocaBions Donald was loquacious enough—so was the Granny; Elbe, however, rarely opened her mouth, except to expreBB her dislike for Miss Fitzurse, for whom, from some apparently inexplicable reason, she cherished the deadliest aversion. Our new leading lady's family was in affluent circumstances, hence Bhe wbb quite independent of our miserable resources. The disparity of our positions was only too appa rent, and I felt it bitterly. Through acting all the opposite parts we were continually thrown together, and as we had no stago manager our rehearsals were necessarily very loose and imperfect. MisB Fitzurse occupied the best rooms in the inn, and she frequently asked me to come and run through some important scene with her. She was most hospitable, and did not stand on conven tionalities, hence it often ended by her invit ing me to stay and dine, or take tea. I have already said that she was remarkably hand some, and, of course, she knew it; she sang* divinely, and Bhe knew that too; she had ingratiating manners, an amiable disposition, and she was a born coquette. She had only a few months advantage of me on the score of age, but she made the most of it. Since then 1 have noted that in some things women are j ages older than men. As for Elfie, her inno- ! cence and her ignorance were alike astounding —but her instincts! It has been remarked by a sagacious observer of the feminine gender that J " women and dogs, and the lesser animals, never err in their instincts." Elfie hated Mies Fitzurse instinctively—hated her with the unreasoning hatred which women can feel for women. The latter, who had " spotted" the superb gipsy the first moment | she saw her in our rural theatre, regarded her beauty with the complacently disdainful J admiration she would have beBtowed upon a dog, or any of the lesser animals before re ferred to. For myself, I dwelt in a strangely I mixed atmosphere of conflicting emotions. 11 was never really disloyal to the absent, but my admiration for the beautiful drew me towards those who were present. I was drawn towards the one by our sympathy of taste, and our common ambition ; towards the other by her youth, her innocence, her beauty—and shall I own it? by her undis fuised, yet speechless admiration for me. If could slip out of my own skin, and sit in judgment upon the boy I was then, I fear that the verdict would be that I was a com plex, purposeless, amiable young idiot, whose vanity, or perhaps his desire of pleasing other people led him to do very foolish things. Certainly, I was not wioked enough to Beek temptation ; but I fear I was weak enough not to resist it when it came in my way. Tbere was a star which marshalled me on the road to Heaven—that was my darling— but there was a willo' the wisp on tbe one side, and a meteor on the other, both of which led me astray. Elfie could neither read nor write; I tried to teach her both accomplishments ; I failed in my task—but, alas, I fear I taught her something else. If the day was wet or miserable, she eagerly availed herself of the pretext to stay at home. At these times I would sit and read to her—" Bob Roy," or " Gny Mannering"—and she would crouch at my feet, fix her great eves on me, and drink in every word I uttered—living tor the time in another world. When I had finished, she wonld shiver and shake, and start to her feet, and, rapidly moving away, oceupy herae.i about the house affairs. Now Miss Fitzurse had two or three choice volumes of Tennyson and Mrs. Browning then both new to me; and I found myself reading to her "ASnone," or " The Princess," or "Lady Geraldine's Courtship," or "The Sonnets/' and she was an eager and delighted hearer. At this distance of time I may say, without vanity, I had a musical and sympathetic voice, and read well. Sometimes the inspired utterances of the poet brought tears in both our eyes, set our hearts beating, our pulses throbbing; when our eyes met she crimsoned, I turned pale. It is a dangerous thing for young people of the opposite sexes to read poetry together—especially if the poetry be of the amatory order. It is even more dan gerous when they sing together. As I _ have said, the fair Fitzurse was an admirable musician, and I was not amiss. I can re member even now her singing " Home they brought her warrior dead." This alwavs affected me to tears, and made me feel in clined to say or do foolish things. I confess candidly I was an emotional young fool, and no more fit to be trusted alone with a pretty woman than cream within the whiskers of a cat I do her justice, my fair Juliet always came to earth sooner than I did, for I was always a bit of a dreamer; decidedly we were drifting into a perilous position. At first I mentioned both Victoria and Bltiia in my letters to London. Then I avoided all mention of either. I began to think thia a bad sign. Miss Fitzurse beoame distraite and fractiouB, I became embar rassed, while Elfie became stranger than ever. At times she was angry without rhyme or reason, and would neither speak nor even look at me. At length matters reached a climax. One afternoon, tempted, by a glorious sunset, Victoria and I (by this time it had got to " Ernie" and " Victoria," another dangerous sign) were strolling along the shore together, amusing ourselves by picking np shells and pebbles, or pulling "the limpet fra' the rock." We had wandered a mile or more from the village, and had reached a seoluded grotto beneath the overhanging rocks where we bad more than once before " ran through our scenes" together; indeed, only three dayB previous we had rehearsed on that very spot the last act of " The Bride of Lammer moor," and elaborated the " business." with good effect. On the following night " Borneo and J uliet" waB to be acted. The play had been put up at three days' notioe; we had never acted the parts, and neither of us was familiar with the words or the " business." I forget now who suggested the idea, the lady or myself. Enough that we found our selves running through the two important scenes in which we were least perfect, vis., the balcony and the parting of the ill-fated lovers. We had reached the end of our al fresco rehearsal. I had exclaimed, "Farewell! Farewell! one kiss, and I'll begone!" I was suiting the action to the word, when I saw Elfie glaring down upon us from the rock above, her hair dishevelled, her right arm extended to its full length, her hand clenched, her eyes ablaze, her nostrils dilated, her teeth fixed 1 As thus she stood, erect and menacing, she recalled the image of some pythoness of ancient Isis or Osiris. The sun, pausing to make his last leap into the sea, flooded her for a moment from head to foot with his burning beams. The next, both the sun and she had disappeared into the coming night. She had vanished as if she had sunk into the bowels of the earth or melted into the air. My fair Juliet, who had also beheld this ominous apparition, turned pale, and then flushed up crimson. Leaving the scene un finished we walked back to the village almost in silence. Elfie did not come to Borneo and Juliet" that night; her absence, combined with her mysterious disappearance upon the rooks at sunset, made me think that some accident had hap fened. So when the performance was over walked round to the wynd. Upon my arrival, to my horror, 1 saw her crouching before a fire smoking a pipe with Grannie. It was no businees of mine, but with my usual impulsive stupidity I volunteered the opinion that smoking was not a desirable accomplish ment for a young girl to acquire. Springing to her feet as if she had been stabbed, sbe flashed upon me that strange light from her eyes ; then, in paBBionate tones, she exclaimed, "Ay oh, ay oh! I ken weel_ enough that ginger-headed player hussey is the sort o' wench for you. I'd think na mair o' putting a knife intil her than o' wringin' the pullet's neck out but there, I wish to God I'd never seen ye, I wish I'd ne'er heard your voice, I wish I'd ne'er been born." With that she smashed the pipe to pieces on the ground, and rushed from the room in a wild burst of emotion. Surprised and discomfited I turned to Grannie, as I said— " Good gracious. What is the matter with the child ? What have I said or done to her that she should take on like this?" The old woman turned roand upon me like a tigress. Then smashing her pipe also, she said, or rather shrieked aB she started to her feet, " What have ye said? What have ye done? Are ye a man or a wean ? Ha'ye a man's bluid in your veins, or a man's heart in your cauld body ? Or are ye made of putty or plaster? Can ye no see, can ye no feel? Get out o' the gate, begone to your playhouse folks, and bitter bad luck gang wi you, for you brought it wi' yon here. Tak' it awa, tak' it awa'; and never darken my doors again wi' your evil een." I waB so taken aback by this outburst that to my aid under such undign stances. As I walked away 1 took stock of the situation. That which had begun in the mere admi ration of physical beauty, and in the curious study of a fresh, unformed mind, had turned into sad and serious earnest, which threatened to ripen into the Dead Sea's fruit. Elfie'a eyes and looks, were "speeehless messen gers," there was no need of words to reveal her secret, it was all clear now, I could not exonerate myself from blame—for, yes—I had wavered in my allegiance to the dearest and the beet girl in all the world. She has for given me long ago, so I may as well make a clean breast of it now. 1 wandered by the sea shore till morning, and had it out with the devil, who tempted me strongly; but, thank God! I was enabled to defy him and all his works. And by the time that the sun rose from the sea, my mind was made up. Henceforth no more visits to Hal's Wind; no! nor to my fair Juliet either. WhenJ got home to breakfast, I found George in a state of great alarm. When I told him what had happened he burst out, "I've seen it all along, but you're so strong headed and so wrong-neaded I thought it beat to let you have your own way. As for the fair Victoria, she's only been amusing herself with you, just to keep her hand in; but, for poor Elfie, that's a horse of another colour altogether. We'd better get out of this, tha sooner the better, eo here goes." There and then he sat down and wrote halt a dozen By retnrn of post came the offer of, an engagement from the ecoentric _ Auck, to open at Glasgow immediately. The boat left at 12 that day, so dispatching a hasty note to Fitzurse I advised her of iny unex pected departure and made my adieu, then bidding good-bye to our poor strolling com panions, 1 went down to Hals Wynd with a heavy heart. I was spared the pang of par1' ang, for the Grannie and Bine had begun tin rounds an hour before, and Donald was just on the point of starting after them with his inseparable companion, honest Bogey, lie did not appear as cordial as usual; indeed, he seemed glad to get rid ot us; he promised, however, to give onr kind regards to Grannie and Elfie, ana so off we went, bag and bag gage, to Glasgow. What contradictory crea tures we are, to be sure 1 I had dreaded to say "good-bye" to Elbe. And now that 1 was going away without seeing her I accused myself oi cowardice and cruelty. Her sad face and tearful eyes haunted me all the way, and for many a day and night after. YeB, I was "gone further than I had imagined. When we reached Glasgow, George, who had : occupied himself with his pipe, growled— " Well 1 you are a pleasant travelling com panion ! You've not spoken three words since we left Helensburgh, A fig for your | thoughts." " They're not worth it." "Ill bet a hundred to one on the gipsy 1 But, come, here we are in the Broomielaw. It's lucky for you, old man, that you've re tired with the honours of war, and that she's not capitulated; you'd have never forgiven youreeu. Hi! there! Cab; drive to the ! Theatre Boyal." Onr engagement in Glasgow was a settler for both of us. How we survived it without brain fever I can't understand to this moment. Every night there were two or three new pieces, and consequently there were two or three hundred lines to be com mitted to memory every twenty-four hours. This involved being up studying till 3 or 4 in the morning; then our rehearsals com menced at 10, and lasted till 4 or 5. It is a mystery to me to this day, not that we occa sionally broke down, but that we didn't always break down. After some monthB the incessant Btrain, combined with old Alick's bullying, began to -tell upon us both, and seriously affected my health and spirits. Certainly nothing could have been better adapted to disgust us with the profession we so loved, and 1 hailed my coming of age on November 2b as an emancipation from intolerable drudgery. We had both run away from home together, so we resolved to return together. I had to go to town at the beginning of the mouth to sign some deeds and other documents, besides which, 1 was to he married on the 30th. I wrote my father and told him my viewB had undergone a change—that I meant to resume my legal etudieB. By return of post I received "a little cheque," George's governor also "owned | up" handsomely, and we commenced pre parations for our departure. We both cherished so grateful a recollec tion of the kindness of our friends at HelenB burgh that we thought it desirable to send them some little momento of our visit. To Donald we sent a sealskin tobacco-pouch, a | nice little meerschaum, and a couple of pounds of cavendish; to Grannie a pound of bird's-eye and a shepherd's maud ; to Elfie a pound of tea, another maud, and a cairn gorm broach. I sent them, with a line to Donald, telling him that we were leaving Glasgow, and Bending best regards to Elfie and Grannie from George and myself. ~A11 our arrangements were completed for starting by the 11 o'clock express. _ Master | George baa gone to say good-by to his sweet heart, the soubrette of the theatre—by the by, it was not good -by after all, inasmuch as little Lucy Brandon afterwards became But I am anticipating. Just as £ was sitting down to dinner, my landlady, a" fine, jolly, red-headed woman, " fat, fair, and forty," bustled into the room, and said with a smirk, " There's a braw (handsome lassie all over | silks and satins and feathers and laces, and with a pair o' een that'd mak' a hole thro' a twa-inch deal board, a speerin' for ye, Shall j I bid her come ben ?" " By all means—show her in," I replied. I was puzzled as to whom it could be. "SilkB, Batins, feathers, and laces?" Of I course, it maBt be Miss Fitzurse. To my 1 astonishment who should enter but—Elfie! Poor child. She had silks and satinB and feathers and laces with a' vengeance. She J had a huge bonnet, with bird of paradise and a plume of rcd-and-white ostrich feathers. An amber satin gown, that would have stood erect by itself: a cashmere shawl like a pea cock's tail; a lace parasol, a combination of odds and ends of different fashions ; while as for colours, that infernal bonnet and foathers and shawl were blue and red and green, and all the hues of the rainbow. A bunch of costly lace was fastened round her slender neck by my huge cairngorm. Then she had jewels all over her; three or four bracelets, a fine cameo, one of real diamonds, one of Bristol diamonds, one of bog oak, and ODe of coral; half a dozen valuable rings, a pair of diamond earrings, a necklace, an enormous gold chain, and a man's gold hunting watch, nearly as big as a turnip. Fortunately, she had driven to the place in a cab, or half the city would have been at her heels. She could scarcely speak a word, but she timidly offered me a large bunch of flowers, for which she knew I had a passion. I made her sit down, and without ceremony took off the atrocious bonnet and the abominable shawl. How I restrained myself from putting them on the fire I don't know. Next! induced her to take off her jewellery; then with a white cambric handkerchief, edged with laoe, pinned crosswise over her beautifnl buBt, a yellow rose in her hair, and a red one, contrasting with her yellow satin gown, in her bosom (both plucked from her own bouquet), she made a picture worthy of Murillo. I led her to the glasB, and said, " Do you know who that is, Elfie ?" She clapped her hands, and exclaimed with childish glee, " I'm na sa ugly, then, ava." She appeared frightened at the sound of her own voice, and lapsed into silence, The dinner was getting cold, so I forced her to take a morsel of something to eat, and urged her to take a glass of claret, but in vain, for she wouldn't taste it. I tried to make conversation on various subjects, but she remained persistently silent. When the table wae cleared she Bat before the fire, and began to toast her feet, as usual. To my astonish ment I saw that she was " shod in sandal shoon," with handsomely embroidered silk stockings, and I could not help saying " What bonnie little baby's feet you have, Elfie." She flashed crimson to the ear-tips, and found her tongue at last, as she an 4 Aye, aye, gin you think so, they're nasa j bad, but thae things are gey troublesome the day, for a' that. Dinna luik at me till I get 'em oil. I'm na used to 'em, an' they fash me," I turned away for a minute' or two. When I got back there were the dainty little tootsies released from the confinement of ] shoes and stockings, and, indeed, far prettier without them. This was a dreadfnlly unsophisticated per formance for a bachelor's room, and I won dered what was coming next. I was not long left in doubt. Starting to her feet, she rushed over to the sideboard at the other end of the room. As she did so, her gloriouB hair fell down about her in shining flakes, just as it did the first night I ever saw her. Seizing a luge bag of claret-coloured leather in both hands, with her eyes ablaze, her oheeks on fire, her bosom heaving as thongh it would burst from her bodice, she returned, ex claiming— "Ihk it ! If a filled wi' gowden sove reigns, and they're a' yours. Tak' 'em, and tak me tae. Oh! tak' me, for I loo' ye laddie—loo' ye mair nor yon atage quBen oan ever do ! On! tak' me wi' you! I'll wark for yon by day, I'll watch over you by nicht, only tak' me, tak' me wi' yon." With that she fell upon her knees, flinging the bag before my feet, throwing her arms around me, bursting into tears, and sobbing as if her heart were about to break. This outburst of emotion quite unmaned me, and I knew not what to do or say. My first and most natural impulse was to soothe and comfort her. Raising her, therefore, gently from the ground I spoke to her in soft and Boothing words. Alas! at the very touoh of my band, at the very sound of my voice, the floodgates of passion burst forth. With sobs, and tears, and wild, inarticulate ories, j she threw her arms around my neck, and would not be denied. With prayers and piteous appeals she besought me to take her with me or to kill her. The Marble Prince in the " Arabian NightB" might in this position perchance ; have remained invulnerable; but, alas! I was impetuous, hot-blooded, and one-and twenty. Her youth, her exceeding beauty, her innocence, made her the most dangerous of supplicants. My blood caught fire from hers, and passion upset the balance of reason. For a moment I was near being weak and wicked enough to yield to the insidious voice of the tempter, whioh prompted me to pluck this fair, fresh rosebnd una wear it on my breast as a plaything for a summer pastime. Thank God. the image of my guardian angel, my true and constant love, arose between ns, and I was strengthened to save this poor child of nature from me, from herself. There was no help for it, she must know the piain, straightforward, noneRt truth. As tenderly and gently as it could be done, I told her all. But the task was a hard and an un gracious one; and, though I talked for hours, 1 could scarce make her understand the exact line of right and wrong as we see it Silenced, but not convinced, she listened. I tried to persuade her that some day she would be the light of a happv home, the love of an honeBt heart, that she would live again in her children, and in the music of their sweet voiceB she would forget me. " Forget ?" she said, wearily. " Div ye no remember the auld sang Geordie sang to us o'er the fire the nicht ye played * The Bride of Lammermuir,' when the puir lassie dies of a broken heart for the lad she loves ? Div ye no ken the words? 'The heart that has yance loved can never forget ?' But there, gang your ways, and I'll gang mine; the world^s wide eneucfa forbaith." "See here, Elfie," said I, as I wrote my town address upon an envelope ; " whenever you're going to be married you'll just post this to me, that I may send you some little present for your wedding." "Ay, ay, she said. "I'm hearing you. Happen some day, when I'm past troubling you, Dut not till then, you'll hear yance mair j o' puir Elfie. God's guid, so they say, though why He brocht the likeB o' me intil the world Ioannatell." While she was speaking, she quietly plucked the feathers from her bonnet, ana cast them on the ground. Then she carefully j folded her shawl, and flung it over her shoulder. I placed the bag upon her arm. She took it mechanically, aud turned to leave the room in silence. When she reached the door she paused for I a moment, and looked at me wistfully with | the great wondering eyes, as she said— " It's guid-bye, then." " Good-bye and God bless you, Elfie." " God bless you, my bonuie laddie. Hech, dinna tak' on so, dinna luik sae sad ! I'm na sorry that ye came to Hal'e Wynd. I just never lived till then. Moo I Bhall ha' some j one to think o' as long as I live, that's ae comfort. Come, pree my mou' yance mair. She'll na grudge me that; and, gin Bhe does, she can never tak' it frae me now, and na man ever shall so long as I live. Dinna forget." And so we parted. Eighteen years and more have elapsed. During all that time no word, no token, no sign from Hal's Wynd. Ten years ago George became a Judge in Jamaica, and be tells me pretty little Lucy plays Lady Bountiful out there amongst the niggers as well as she used to play the Cham Lermaids with old "Alick." 1 am not a Judge, and don't wish to be one. " The grapes are not sour," gentle reader; butl have "taken silk," and the emoluments : arising from my practice are so handsome that the Bench presents no temptation for me. The great Burlingbam, Q.C,, who was against me the other day in Ryne v. Borro daile (in which I knocked him into a cocked, hat), chafed me after the fight was over about my having once been an actor. " Pity you never were one, old man; per haps you'd have known how to go for the Jury," 1 replied. The fact is, I have not been an actor for nothing. I am not vain, but I do know how to "go for the Jury;" and aB for my cross examinations—well, ask Burlingham, Of course everybody knows that Miss Fitzurse was translated to the Peerage some years ago, and is now the Countess of Silver dale ; she looks younger and handsomer than ever. Although we dine in Berkeley-square occasionally (she always was hospitable), we do not often meet. The only occasions we | are sure to come across each other are upon first nights at the play. The Silverdales are always en evidence on these occasions. Usually they have a private box—we are content with a couple of stalls. The other night, when there was a premiSre at the Lyceum, I went round to pay my homage to my former Juliet (my darling, bless her heart, isn't a bit jealous). After the usual compliments, Silverdale says, " Last summer we went up Loch Lomond, and coming back this young lady insisted on toing over to your old hunting-ground at " Yes," my lady chimes in. " It's so altered you wouldn t know it—twice the size it was—quite a fashionable watering-place now. And, oh! apropos of old times, my gentle Romeo, I enquired of the landlady of the hotel what had become of that handsome gipsy-girl with whom you were so entile? You were! It's no use denying it. The faith less villain broke my heart. Ted," she said, as she laughingly turned to ber husband, " and left me to wear the willow, alt on account of Elfie—that was her name, I think. Bat, I traitor, you are juBtly punished, for your beautiful gipsy married a gigantic Highlander sixteen or seventeen years ago. They have emigrated to Stornowav, in the Levis, and Bhe iB the happy mother of a dozen red headed young Highlanders; so there's an end to yonr little romance, Master Borneo !" An end to my little romance, indeed! And in memory of thiB mother of a race of savages we had named our eldest-born and only daughter, Elfie! Well, well, " Life is real, life is earnest," and romanoe is only rubbish, or at best bnt "meat for babes and sucklings." For all that, somehow or other I did not enjoy the play that night. Anyhow it is satisfactory to know that Elfie is married and settled, and with the exception of an occasional thrashing or two, when her " braw John Hielandman" (ugh ! how I hate the animal!) has got more than his usual cargo aboard, she will "live hapi>y j ever after." So having arrived at this eminently satisfactory conclusion, as the Countess of Silverdale pleasantly remarks, " There is an end to my little romance." L'ENVOL " Russell-square, November 2,1884. " The Hon. George Fustone, Demerara, | " My Hear George — An occurrence has taken place to-night of the strangest cha racter. I am sure it will interest you, and it i will be a relief to my mind to tell you of it. " Look at the date above, and see if you remember what day this iB. It is the anni versary of a day which marked an epoch in both our lives. This day twenty years ago, she —— no, I mean you and 1 left Scotland for London. "It iB also our Elfie's eighteenth birthday, and there is a party of young people to do honour to the occasion. I have had a busy and exhausting da| in the Courts (retained in three caseB)! My darling (how good she is!) after dinner gave me my congi, while she remains to take charge of tne bairns. "Twenty years ago! Only think what memories those three words evoke! I've been rooting up my papers (not law papers. I've had enough of those for one day), and amongst others, I have exhumed the story of onr memorable voyage to Helensburgh, which I read you when you were last here three years ago. I don't know now it is with you, bnt with me, althongh eaoh year widens the gulf of the past, it makes the impressions more indelible. "I had settled down in my cosy chair before the fire here in my etudy to my after dinner cigar (lor, as you know, I have long sought solace in tho nicotian weed), when, lo! the fire seemed to change to enow, and I saw—or thought I saw—two lads tramping over the barren, frozen moorland, or down the deserted street. From the blue Havana arose a mist, through which Hal's Wynd took form and shape, until it emerged, and became palpable to my senses. Then I saw every thing—you, Donald, the Sibyl, the long, low room, the pot an feu, Bogey, and the great black cat. "Nearest of all I saw Her,_ lying on the hearth, with her limbs bare and beautiful in the firelight. As I gazed, lost in the wonder of it, she sprang up, paling the red glow with the Bplendour of her beauty and the lumi nance of her eyes—then she crouched down and thawed my frozen feet with her dainty fingers, as Bhe did all those years ago. "As she leaped to her saddle-bow, the mist melted into morning, but it changed to even ing as she loomed forth erect and terrible from the rock above, while a fair girl below Bhrank away, pale and speechlesB. "Anon, she stood in the doorway yonder— clad in amber, with herchief of white—my roBe in her hair—my rose in her bosom—her glorious eyes fixed on me, as of old—but, oh! so sad—so weird—so appealing. Her lips trembled as if about to apeak, when, at last, as I live, George, she murmured in a sound so soft that nothing lived 'twixt it and silence, 'Dinna forget!' " Then the cruel mist arose around her and thickened and thickened, shutting her out among tho shadows, until, until " Dawson came in with the reading-lamp, and a letter by the evening post " Now, as you know, I receive scores of letters daily, hut though the envelope of this was faded and discoloured by age, 1 recog nised it instantly, and the Bight of my own handwriting made my heart stand still, " Hastily tearing it open, I found a blank sheet of mourning paper, from which fell forth a long thick tress of dark-brown hair, flecked with gold, which glittered inthelight —glittered as it was wont to glitter on her shoulders twenty years ago. ''Besides these, I found a funeral-card, on which were inscribed these words— Sacked to the Memobv of ELFIE LEE (Spinster). Died October 25th, 1884, Aged 38. "Dinna J/brget." " And to think that I was so base as to echo the parrot cry that ' Romance is only rubbish.' "Ah! there is something at this moment j choking at my throat, and throbbing 'at my heart, which gives my ribald tonene the lie. " While I write these lines strains of soft muBic, and the rhythmic tread of dancing feet, mingling with the Bound of happy voices and innocent laughter, penetrate here, to my lonely etudy. "Laugh on, my children—feast, dance, sing—make merry while you may—for you, is the morrow, and the sunshine—for me, the even-time, and the shadow. "For this night—for this night at least, leave me with the ghosts of my dead yonth. " Friend of my boyhood, you who knew so well her innocence and truth—to you I con fide this record of her constancy. " When you return next summer you will come with me, will you not, to seek her grave, that Bhe may know Bhe is hot—that she never nan hft fnronffAn. " Always yours, "Ernest Dentil," 