THE NEW HOUSEMAID. . BY G. R. SIMS. (From Stories in Black and White.) Mrs.'. Garfoyle was terribly worried about her housemaids. She could not get one that- suited her. They came and went, short and tall, dark and fair, but not one of them stayed longer than a month. The poor lady spent her days at the rigistry offices in search of the trea sure she wanted, but all in vain. There were plenty of mistresses wanting ser vants, but very few servants wanting mistresses, and the few were very parti cular. , . ' One v: young person, who had three months' character from her last- place, Mrs; Garfoyle liked the look of, but the young person came and looked Mrs Garfoyle up and down, and evidently did not like her, for she turned her head and walked away. - - Mrs. Garfoyle, waiting day after day in Ihc registry office, made the acquaintance of some of her companions in misfortune, and the mistresses compared notes. All agreed that never had there been such a dearth of domestic servants, and never had domestic servants been so utterly unfitted for the duties they under took. The old order of things was quite reversed. The mistresses did not question the sorvants.-at the office, the servants ques tioned., tfie mistresses. One day Mrs. Garfoyle saw a like-look ing young woman in waiting, and beckoned to licr. " Do you want a housemaid's place ?" "Yes,' I do. Wliat wages are you giving?" "£18 a year." 4 4 Oh ! How long was your last house maid with you ?" "A month." _ "Hum! Do you change your servants , often, then ?" 44 If they don't suit me, certainly. I have been unfortunate in my girls." " Oh ! £18 a year — well ! Is your kitchen in the back or front ?" "In the back." " Ah ! that's bad ! 1 suppose there's a housemaid's pantry ?" .. 44 Yes, there is ; a very good one.' x " Ah ! Many in family ?" " Only two — myself and my husband.' 44 What time do you go to bed ?" : " Really," said Mrs. Garfoyle, with rising indignation, " I am not accustomed to be examined like this." _ 44 Aren't j-ou, ma'am? Well, I'm par ticular. about my situations, you see, and I don't think your place'll suit. Good morning !" And with that the young person bounced off, and Mrs. Garfoyle turned to the other ladies in waiting, who joined her in a chorus of "Well, I nevcrs !" and 4 4Did you evcrs !" The next day Mrs. Garfoyle was a little more fortunate. She had almost secured a decent-looking young woman — wages, &c.;, had been arranged, and Mrs. G. was taking the address of the girl's last mis tress in order to enquire as to character, when, the servaut said abruptly: "There's one question I've forgotten to ask you, ma'am. Do you have Australian meat ?" Mrs. Garfoyle did, and she had to. con fess the soft impeachtrient. "Then I must decline the situation, ma'am," said the girl. 44 1 only take one meat meal a day, and I'm not going to have that frozen stuff. There ain't no proper nourishment in it." 44 It is quite good enough for me," said the lady angrily. , 44 Then it ain't for me." And with that the girl turned on her heel and walked away. Mrs. Garfoyle kad- wasted another morning at the registry office and returned servantless and dis consolate home. The worry of housekeeping was begin ning to tell on the little woman. Mr. Garfoyle was constantly away, she had no one to tell her. troubles to, and the diffi culty with servants was beginning to make lier thoroughly wretched. Never was a woman more unfortunate, she thought to herself. Her housemaid# smashed to dust everything they touched, they stepped on their dresses coming up stairs, and shot the tea-tray, china and all, .from the top to the bottom ; thej cleaned her brass fenders with scouririg paper and ruined them for ever; they blacked her steel grates and they rubbed her picture-frames" with a wet cloth,' which took half the gilt off. And her cooks were as bad as her housemaids. The roung one.- had followers who arrived in relays at the area gate after nightfall, the middle-aged ones kept a private gin bottle n the cupbourd to which they paid frequent visits, and they emptied the beer barrel iri half its allotted time. The old ones were disagreeable, ordered her out of the kitchen, and had views, about the keys of the store cupboard which were diametrically opposed to her own. The cooks who were agreeable could not cook, and the cooks that could cook gave them- selves so many airs that they were insup portable. But ub last Mrs. Garfoyle had succeeded in getting a cook to Suit lier. Her only fault was that she was so deaf the poor lady had to shout every order into her ear through a trumpet, and some times the orders got mixed, and the dinner was frequently more disagreeable than otherwise. It is a long lane that has no turning, and atjsiigth, after many weary days — -spent" at the registry office, Mrs. Garfoyle . believed that she had secured a girl who would be just the kind of housemaid" she wanted. Mary Vane, tlie young person, in ques tion had attracted the attention of several ladies by her neat, comely, almost lady like appearance. She was six-and-tventy, she said ; she came from tho country, her parents were dead, she had been in ser vice for two years, and could have a character from lier last place. Mrs. Garfoyle was fortunate enough to bear the prize away from all the other ; competitors. The only difficulty about i Mary would be her character, which must ! be a written one.- Her last mistress lived in Liverpool, and it was quite impossible for- Mrs. Garfoyle to travel down there _ for a personal interview. Written characters are not desirable ! with servants — there is a regular agency ! for their manufacture; but in this case i the girl was so . prepossessing and so cvi- j dently honest that the poor worried mis tress determined to risk it. . \---. Mary gave the address, and Mrs. Gar foyle wrote. The answer came in course ' of post, Mary Vane was everything that could be desired. She. had left of her ; ownraceord, as she wished to-be iu .ser vice, in London, whore she had friends. ' Mrs; Garfoyle was delighted. . She had % secured a treasure at last, and in due course Jiiary was Installed in her new < home, and gave every satisfaction.- j Everything being in order now in the Garfoyle household, we can turn for a moment to enter into the story of the master and mistress, ® Mra. Garfoyle had been married only eighteen months. She had fallen in love with her husband when he came to dine one day at papa's house. Papa was a wholesale dealer in the. City, and' John Garfoyle was a traveller for a- firm in the North of England; who supplied the mer chant with some of his good. Mr Gar foyle was about to establish an agency in : London on his own account, and he had offered pfipa excellent terms to transfer his custom to him. The business was ar ranged at a little dinner at- the private house. . ' . . Mr. Garfoyle was about five-and-thirty . —dark, handsome, well-educated, and his manners were excellent. He was a per- feet gentleman. " Papa admitted that" himself, though there wa3 something about John he did hot like, but what it was he found it impossible to define. John came again and again to dinner for he had established close and advan tageous relations with papa. ' On Sun days, too, he was a regular caller. He always made himself very agreeable to tho young lacly, and presently the pld story was told 'again. The course of their love did not run very smoothly. The young lady was an heiress to a limited extent. . She" had a good round sum under tlie. will of a relative, and papa was afraitl that the money had influenced John . Garfoyle's courtship. Still, there was no doubt John was in a good position, and' had an excellent chance of improving it. Papa knew that, and at last, yielding to his daughter's entreaties, consented to the match. : - A n:c3 little house was taken, and Mr. and Mrs. Garfoy'e were happy enough for a time. Then John resumed his old travelling, business, and the poor little woman grew very miserable over his long absences. Of course, business had to be attended to, but business that kept a man away from Loin a for weeks and weeks to gether was very objectionable to a newly- married lady. . When the wedding-ring is getting worn and thin, that sorb of busi ness "sornetimes comes as a boon and a blessing to a sorely-tried wife. The new housemaid, Mary Vane, had been in the Garfoyle service a week before John returned from one of his trips to tlie north. It was dusk when he drove up to the door, and he had on his travelling ulster, so Mary hardly noticed liim as he passed lier in tlie hall, and was received by his wife with every demonstration of wifely affectioiri Dinner was at six, and John went straight upstairs to dress. He rang for hot water, and Mary took it up and put it outside the door. Then she went down and began to lay the table for dinner. It was to be a tete-a-tete dinner, only Mr. and Mrs. Garfoyle. When Mary came into the room with the soup the gas was full on. Mr. Gar-; foyle was sitting at the head of the table. He raised his head as tlie new housemaid entered, and their eyes met. ' There was a cry — down went, the soup-tureen on to the floor of the diningroom , and down went the new housemaid after it in a dead; faint. - ? > 4 4 Are you better now, Mary ?" ; L The girl had been carried up ; to lier room, and lay very quiejand still. Airs. Garfoyle sat beside; lier, waiting to" ques tion her;directly she recovered as to her extraor dinary conduct. v 44 Yes, thank you, ina'am— a little."' 4 4 Are _ you subj ect to these r— these strange .attacks,?',' . . . . y; 44 No, ma'am." . 44 What made you faint— had you been feeljagill ?" 44 No, ma'am , it was the shock. " . 44 Shock ! — what shock?" ' " The shock of seeingthe master. I thought it was the ghost of my dead hus band." - lv v';.; Mrs; Garfoyle looked at the girl in blank amazem ent. ' . 44 Your dead husband ! .You never told me you were a widow." 44 No,' ma'am ; it was very wrong of me. I know I ought to have told you every thing." ; ; 44 Tell me now." " .Little by little tho girl told her asto nished mistress the. strange stray of her. life. " Alary Vane was. the ; daughter, of a. small tradesman in Liverpool. L She fell in love with a gentleman she met one evening accidentally in tlie streets, rind she walked out with. him. She wanted to take him home arid introduce hiin to her father and nirithfer, but lie objected, urging various" excuses ; but it was quite understood between the girl and 'himself' that they were eugaged, and would be married in due course. One evening her lover, who was known, to her as John Glover, met her, arid told her Fthat lie was engaged to another lady, the daughter , of his employer, brijbke did ; not lp\ri her;i If it were known tliat... was gbiit<: tdjiuavry; someqne else, lie would discharged from his situation and be ruined. If Alary would marry liim secretly, it could be done, and by-and-bye, when he had inacle a business for himself, as lie infcended to, their secret might be known,- and it4woulcl not mattei". ' . The girl was smitten with her iiaiidsoriie lover, and at last; consented;" Glover made all the arrangements,, and they were married by licence- iri . the 'presence .of only the pew-opener and tlie verger, wlio were the witnesses. ' . Maiy had accepted . an.- invitation to Southport- front sonio friends, arid. thither the newl3'-niarricd" couple proceeded for the r honcj-moon — the friends keeping her secret for her from her '.family. /. Ina week John: left her, having to travel for the firm. He was away a month ; then he returned, -and again tlie girl mot him abSoutlq7ort,and stayed with him as his wife. : , - So things went on for a year, and then, her father being dead,. John took apart ments for her in Liverpool, and they lived together, their companionship" only being . broken when John : went on his commercial journeys. 44 One day, ma'am,." the girl continued, 4 ' my husband loft me to go to London. He wrote me tliat he should be away a month. It was his last letter ; I have it in my box now, and you sliall see it. The next I heard was from a friend of riiy husband, informing, me that they had boon down, to Brighton together frorii Saturday to Monday, that they had gone out in a boat to bathe, and that my hus band must have "been seized with the cramp in the sea, for lie went- down and his body was never found. . 4 4 The gentleman sent me my husband's clothes, and his watch, .arid some papers that were in his pockqjs. Tho little money I had was soon gone, and I had to flo something for a living, and we c t intc service, ina'am." : ' 44 And your husband was like mine ?" said Airs. Garfoj'le. 44 Very like ma'am. It gave me such a turn, I fainted dead away. It's a wonder ful .resemblance." 44 That letter — the last your husband sent you — where is it ?" 44 In my box , there, ma'am. Just; under the lid is my workbox — it's open— you can take tlie letter out. 'It's iu-that envelope. I keep it in that, to take care of it;" Airs. Garfoyle" took out thei letter and opened it. One glance was enough, and tiien ic was her turn co faint. . , . The last letter from the husband of tlie new housemaid was in the handwriting of John Garfoyle. : " - ' ; " As soon as she had sufficiently recovered herself . Mr3, Garfoyle staggered down stairs in search of her husband, or the man she supposed to be her husband. She had- riot yot fully realised the lioiTor of the. situation. She had a vague idea that John would, explain. She could not bi'iiig herself sto see all at once tliat the novv housemaid was the mistress of the house,- and . that she was only the mistress of the new housemaid's husband. Her fiieo was as white as death, and she trembled violently ; but she. braced her self up a little as she opened the dining- room duor to confront John with the fatal letter in her hand. ; Biit John w;as not' there. I Airs. Garfoyle rang the bell, and tho cook answered it; ' 44 Have, you heard Air. Garfoyle go out ?" : 44 1 heard the front door bang-to about a quarter of an hour ago, ma'am." './"> Mrs. Garfoylelooked in tlie hall. Her husband's ...Hat and overcoat were not there. He had gone out, and she was left alone to wonder what on, .earth she should do. She sat down in the arm-chair by the fire, and rerid the dreadful letter again. Then she began slowly to realise the full meaning of the situation. -Her husband — the man who. had martied her — had "committed bigamy. He had deserted his wife, the housemaid up stairs, and led her to believe that he was dead in order that he might marry a woman with money. Yes, thnt was what John wanted — her money. Papa was.quite right when lie used to say so. ' ' " Alrs. Garfoyle read the letter again. " 4 My dear little Wife, — I hope you are better than when I left you, and are not worrying yourself about me. I hope to get my I business done in about three weeks, and. then I shall see my pet again. : Perhaps some day I shall not have ,to travel so much, and then wo shall be more together. I am pretty jolly, but rather overworked!" I am going to run down to Brighton from Saturday to Mori- day for a hliange, Avith a friend of mine. ! I hope it will put ine right. With love and kisses-to my darling, believe me al ways your affectionate husband, John." : It ivas John Garfoyle's writing — there was .not tlie" slightest doubt about that — arid it was just the -kind of. letter Mrs. Garfoyle was in the habit of receiving' herself while John was 1 away on. his journeys. " i Arid this man ' had pretended to be -drowned— what a horrible villian he, must be ! — and the servant-girl upstairs was his lawful wife. Oh, it was too ; horrible ! - How was it that Mary had not recog nised the name 'of Garfoyle ? the poor lady. thought to. herself; then suddenly she remembered that Alary had said her husband's name was Glover. If this was so, he must have been mar ried, in a false name. Was that a legal marriage? She would go off at once to her father and'tell him everything. She must have someone to help her. She would hot stay another night under Alary 's husband's roof. She went up stairs to put on her bonnet and mantle, and while she was dressing there came a knock at the front door. She listened, and heard someone ad mitted.- Who was it ? It was John himself. \- He asked the cook a question, and tlier came straight up stairs and knocked at liej bed-roorii door. ; She opened it, and faced him indig nantly. . ' -s . \- 4<-I wonder you dare " she began Then she noticed a look in his face wliicl checked her. 4t My 'dear girl,, '.he said, 44 there is ; gentleman clown stairs I want you ti see." / 44 What-for ? I won't see ariyone." 44 Yes, you will. " This gentleman will explain to you something jou ought to know." . ' " I. \- 44 Oh ! Why have you been out ? I suppose rou- recognised that woman !" 44 Yes, I did." " ; 44 You recognised her as your wife — your deserted "wife. Oh, you -wicked wretch ! You married me knowing all the time you had a wife living .""'Go away"! I. won't speak to you. I will never see you again. I shall go to my father to night and tell him everything." 44 John Garfoyle bit his lip, and his face grew a little paler than usual. 44 Come down stairs cfirst aud see this gentleriian, and then you shall say what you like.'" ' 44 Who is he?" 44 He will tell you himself. Come !" Reluctantly Airs. Garfoyle consented. Something in John's manner reassured her. . The letter was in John's handwriting, and if he had made up any story to deceive. her she would confront him with that. _ A tall, military-looking man was seated in the dining-room when Airs. Garfoyle and her husband entered it. He rose- and bowed politely to the lady. John introduced them. 44 Aly wife — Air. Hartopp. Aly dear, this. is my friend Air. Hartopp, the head of . one of the oldest-established detective agencies in London. I have been very fortunate in finding him at home, for lie wdl give you the explanation you have a right to .ask. He knows my story and the story of the girl up staira." ; Then you do know her." : ,4'Yes, unfortunately ; but let Hartopp tell you all about it. . I placed the case in his hands before I married you, and he will tell you all about it better than I can." Air. Hartopp glanced from husband to wife ; then gave . a little preliminary cough, and began- : 4 4 It was about four years ago, madam, that your husband placed his case in my hands. It was a peculiar one for many reasons. In the first place lie had married a girl in Liverpool in the name of Glover, believing that to be his right name, as lie had always been known by it. He had always believed that his mother was the widow of a John Glover. On her death- bed slie iufonnedjhat she bad never been married to Glover, as she was a married woman separated from her husband, and that her real husband was a Air. Garfoyle wlio had died many j'ears previously, and consequently the son's name was Gar foyle. 44 It was while I was investigating the circumstances of Iris mother's marriage, and trying to find out who the late Mr. Garfoj-le was on your husband's behalf, that I had occasion to visit Liverpool, and there, by the merest accident, I alighted on some information concerning the .young woman who then called herself < Airs. Glover, and whose name previously- had been Alary Ann Barton." 44 You mean the girl up stairs — the girl who. calls herself Mary; Vane ?" asked. Airs; Garfoyle. - 44 1 mean" tlio woman your husband tells nio is novv your housemaid ; if she calls licrself Alary Vane the name is an as sumed one." ' 44 Let Hartopp go on, my clear," ex claimed Air. Garfoyle, " I'm anxious for ' you to hear- tlie end." . The private detective gave another little cough; and then continued his narra tive. . v _ - 44 Searching for the registration of marriage of Alary Ann Barton I found it, ' but I found it two years previous to the. date your husband had given me, and I 'found the name of the husband to be Charles Spence." ' Mrs.- Garfoyle uttered an exclamation, of surprise. 44 Later on I found the registration of the marriage of Mary Ann Barton with John Glover." ' 4 4 Aly husband !" 44 Your husband, ma'am. .1 followed up a certain, clue, and I found — wfiiat. That at the time your husband married; this girl she had a husband living." i 44 Living!" 44 Yes, but in a lunatic asylum. He was hopelessly insane, and the woman knew he would never come out to trouble her. She Jjjid let -your husband fall in love with tier . and marry her, knowing herself to be a married woman." 44 But the story she has told me— about John being drowned, about a secret marri age, about "licr being married from lier, father's lmuse ?" / ''! , ...'"f'-'r 44 Lies !" broke in John Garfoyle. 44 The girl "was a liar -from -the first ; ;L found. tliat out soon after I married her." 44 But this letter?" Airs. Garfoyle produced the letter, and held it before her husband's face. - He took it and read it attentively. 44.That letter," he said, 44 was written a month or so after our marriage. As soon as I found out how I had been- deceived I gave her a sum of money aud left her." . 44 But you should have prosecuted her for bigamy. You should have "had the marriage annulled." 44 1 didn't prosecute the girl for bigamy because I didn't want to "drag my private ' affairs before the world, and there was no . necessity to have the marriage annulled', so I was advised, as it was never a valid marriage, and I was perfectly free to marry again. When 1 met you and fell; in love with you, my dear, I was a free man. Why should I drag myself anfi my antecedents througlrt the law courts ?" : Such was John Garfoyle's explanation, backed up by the evidence of his friend, the private inquiry agent, and Airs." Gar foyle was "satisfied, and agreed that the secret of her husband's past. should be kept to themselves. Only she deter mined to consult a solicitor, to see if John was right in his conclusion that, his former marriage did not need annulling..-' . The next day Alary Vane left the-house with a sum of money which Airs. Garfoyle gave her. It was explained to her that the accidental likeness of Air, Garfojde to her late husband would render the place an undersirable one for her- to retain. She went without a murmur. It was not to her interest to make a fuss— it certainly was not to the Garfoyles'. They never heard of her again, and the only incon venience that resulted was that Mrs. Gar foyle had to spend anotlnjr weary week at. the registry office in finding 44 a new housemaid." . 