j FACT AND RUMOUR. j 211 points of rain fell on Friday morning. ! Seven honrs rain reported ot Brushgrove on Sun ! I Maize orop down river snid to be out-growing tho I blight. I Off Colour has buen scratched for the Geelong Gold Cup. j It was raining steadily at Lismoro and Casino on Saturday, ! The Americans speak highly of old Tradaoer's i son, Sir Motlred. I A submarine cable between America and Ger- many is projected. A cruel American writer »aid : " Minnie Palmer goes to Australia next." The Boulevard is being provided with more sitting accommodation. From 1814 down to 1880 Russia has raised 32,718,000 ounces of gold. Mr. James Buchanan mysteriously disappeared early on Saturday morning. Russia contributer about one-fifth of the gold annually produoed in the world. One nf tho commissioned officers of thc Grafton Volunteer Corps intends resigning. Mr. T. Eggins. of Alumny Creek, died yesterday morning, after a prolonged illness. Accepted tenders.-D. Rankin, construction of wharves at Wardell and Swan Bay. Murray's stores in Bourke was totally destroyed by fire. Tho damage is estimated at £14,000. The fortress of Gwalior, held since the Indian mutiny, is to be coded to the Moharajah Soindia. 0\. Bathgate and G. Jarrett were third in their respective heats, in the Newcastle Sheffield handi- cap. The necessity for the establishment of a Public High school on the Richmond, is under considera- tion. A special meeting in the insolvent estate of Joseph Hann, of Grafton, will be held in Sydney on 2tïch February. Mr. Brett will row any amateur in the world for trophy up to tho value of £1 OOO, and nllow expenses from England. Injudicious giving of charity in New York is said to be rapidly increasing tho number of profes- sional mendicants. Mr. f. R. Donaldson, of Grafton, gazotted a sur- veyor under tho 100th section of tho Real Property Act, 2G Vic, No. !). Mr. Froude advocates reforms for Australia. It is not known whether he has inoluded in these' the disposal of nightsoil. It is understood that the New Zealand Govern- ment intend dropping the proposed extensive loan Boheme for the present. Constable Bennett, who has been stationed at Broadwater, Riohmoud River, for three years, has been transferred to Iluka. In 18K5 about 2400 fresh newspapers wera started in the United States, of which, it is said, 1555 have already yielded np the ghost. The schedule of prizes for tho ninth annual show to be hold at Tenterfield on March 24 and 25, has been published and contains 26f¡ classes. The late Dnke of Somerset said of Mr. Gladstone in 1870, "He was a very good Chancellor of the Exchequer, but a very bad Primo Minister." Mr. John Struth, nn old and well-known colonist, died in Sydney on Tuesday night, at the ago of 82. He had been in Sydney since the year 1832. Joseph Edmondson, of Palmer's Island, has given notice of his intention to apply to the Commissioner of Insolvent Estates for a certificate of conformity. The blowing np of Flood Rock, New York Har- bour, was felt 220 miles north- east, by a slight tremor of the earth, two and a half-minutes alter the explosion. Tho conversion ot the pre-lease of Thoma« Max- well, of H00 acres, in th» parishes of Towallum and Bardool, into a conditional lease has been approved by the Department. Yesterday morning the tedious manner of con- veying passengers over the North- South Grafton ferry had to be resorted to, the two steam launohes being temporarily laid ap, As a result of the recent rains, Scotch thistles and other noxious weeds are growing in abundance. Both Grafton and Ulmarra Councils are considering measures for their extermination. £100 has been noted for consideration from un classed vote for next year for the Coraki to Lismore Woodburn road, and the Lismore to. Hanging Rock road has been classed as a third-class road. ODDFELLOW'S SPOUTS.-Nominators for tho anniversary handicap in connection with the above ' are reminded that the acceptances close on Friday next. On the same day, nominations close for the Ladies' Bag, for which tho competitors munt bo nominated by ladies. The handicaps and divisions for this event will be declared on the day of the sports . LAWRENCE JOCKEY GLun ANNUAL MEETING. Tho attention of trainers and owners of horses in- tending to compete at this meeting on tho 2f>th instant, is drawn to tho fact that acceptances fur tho Club Trophy and the Lawrence Handicap, a» well as the general entries, dose to-morrow even- ing. Biliousness, drowsiness, jaundice and rheumatism, Hop Bitters removes easily if those mado by Ameri- can Co. Seo-ADV. There is only ono placo in tho United States away down in Minno-whero tho pcoplo aro so polite that they never speak of unmarried ladies as old maids. They simply call them ladics-in-waiting. 