EVERLASTING PUNISHMENT. On Saturday evening, Mr. Long lectured to a rather sparse house on the subject of " Everlasting punisenIept," the Rev. Joseph Walker occupying the hair. aht lecnrer oaid that he entired upon the great as awful,esbject only bycpasih atei maf dity urged i thereto as othberiwi?elke maui mole, he'iooul k from it. For six years he ad bttdied the ect. He' yearned towards' universalism; and to become a universalist, but, when be took up his Bible, all the argument he had' raised knocked over like ninepins. While swaying a t thus, he read the parable of the rlh' mac and L re, and observed that it was the only parable in bich the man was named. This was to renderit all he more powerful-to emphaeise it. The words' of braham to the lost man produced a powerful im p aionon hies mind-via.; "Between us and you there is gretglf. fixed." The word "us" he tok td all who had died in Ohtist ftom tbebeglistng, an "you all who had perished in their bitre: The g , top, wa impeaskble." When' he saw itwith me tl earness, he ackhofeledged that he had been ggling' long enough, and mist take sides- sta d either with Christ or in oppositioh to Him th doctrine was so plain that it was no use fighting it y longer, Man punished 'as long as he could-' let or woman commit me heinouse ffence and be ps ishedl by the laws of their country, by imprisoe. me tfor a term, would not society punish thesi even af r-fortherestoftheirlives? Man then punisheh his fellow-man as long or as far as he could, and co d they complain of God doing the same H did not do more. They readeof Christ gohng in the synagogue, and ordering the evil spirit' on of a man, and the unclean ipirit saying, know thee whom'thou art, the Holy One' of God." The Almighty had been the judge' of hat devil, yet de did not complainthat te'judg m t was unjust or that he had been unfairly treated. it ight be id down as an axiom thtt :.od woldd do al atly and well, rind that was truen of th n well as' of the redeemed. ' Of all the moral creatures of God only one had been punished to sin. That was a hard saying, and seemed out rageous but only the Lord Jesus Christ received th whole of His punishment; and drank every drop of the cup. 'The wicked were not 'punished," but' were "being punished"-their punishment was not complete yet. Let them dissever the punishment of the wicked after death from the nature of the punish ment. In the world of the lost there would be vastly more difference than in this world, and those there who had been under the influence of the Bible would, be infinitely more damned than, for instance, the aborigines of this country. He felt quite sure that, there was such a world as hell. They were here in a mixed world--some' were good and some were evil ; and how fitting 'was it that God should place the good ad the bad afterwards in separate, worlds, adapted to each. He did not believe that there. would be literal fire in that world of the' wicked, h that the expression was used figuratively. Some would reason in this wise-that there might be a sort of post mortem release from misery, and that people might be afforded another chance of sal vation (after death). . He would put a tri- lemma a three-fold proposition—containing one truth and two errors -God punished the sinner, after death, either for ever, never, or for a time. If he punished ever," the Scriptures of God eta 'in error, inas much as they said He would ; ad 'the conscience of mankind revolted at that, for they all felt that, as a just Jude, God would punish sin. If he punished "for a time'," there must be a Protestant purgatory, e l to the blood of the Lamb, and the purifying efficacy of the Holy Ghost. Christ said that Judas was lost but,on this ground he either must be in glory now or will be, and there must be some other way of entering besides"" the Way, the Truth, and the Life.' Punishment must be distinguished from discipline, for it did not bring a man round, did not improve him. 'God disciplines but does not punish H children. There was the lemma left -" God ishes for ever," ahd the restoration: theory was w ong, 4pr, as punishment did not reform, how were p plo t be macde better by it f As to annihilation, ne n ere had, he deserved to live for punoilhtbalt, a d hould. not hbe put out of existence 't eda8e tire. Jogephos. in his dissertation :on Hades, ve ias his belief that there w ul81be eternal p nishment and Rev. 22, 1I, eho'sed that eternal li and eternal punishment were to be expected. ipprtoslty for d'escussion being aforded, Mr. F. Mooo ascended the platfd n, and said that iwas, ?o doubt, very presumptuoel onlhie part to o pose'so able a "debattant"-(Heat, hetr)-SnAt e uld like to ask Mr. Long if Jie ha ever met any o the Christadelphian s? 'Mr. Loxo relied : " Yes; Roberts. of Birming. h in, their leading man. We had a four nights' d semot in' the Wellington .Hall, and the people tied him." (Applause.) Mr. ,Moa said that, if the punishment of the ickedwas to be for ever, he had a few Scriptural Icultlets. Psalm 37,.20, asid "But the winked all perish, and the enbmies of the Lord shall be as e fat of lambs : they shall consume; into smoke all they consume away.'. He thought that, if they wsa o hoqeuime into emoke they w n} go to rv ur. end that wdnid pni.iwayf Obadlah tid "And they -hall be aa .though..they, had not 4nen"-r- - - J The CiAMAN said it wan not. fair to pit difficulties that could not be answered. 1 Mr. Moao replied that he thought they could not be answered. Mr. BOSTOCK said the manner of the gentleman on the plattf6tiWe ss Otnoxious to them in the hall; he should have every opportunity given for putting any juetiion. tmt should not d oantempt4oes a way. : Mr. WALKEn said It would be more creditable to Mr. Moggif he acted with the Christian courtesy of Mr. Long. Mr. Loan suggested that Mr. Mogg confine him. self to soiething- say, his tri-lemma. : Mr. Mona gave the proposition of utter annibilas tion, and quoted several passages nf ceripture, wheb The CHAisRMAN asked himi to confine himself to sdme one thing, and let Mr. Long answer it. Mr: Mona then asked if Mr. Long would accept ad invitation to diseosu the question of eternal, torment or punishment with Mr. Waite, at soies convenient time, in that hall Mr. LONG replied, "I'm willing ;" and a voice in the hall interjected " Not worth while." Mr. Lova said he would put 'imself in the handa of the gentlemen who hbad invited him hither, nod when he returned from the south lihe would be delighted to have a discussion with Mr. Mogg's frienud. Headded that Mr. Mogg went on his own views. not on hie (Mr. Long's) reasoning, instead of attacking him on his strong point, overturning his reasoning and humiliatine him. He (Mr. Mogg) wished them to receive in its literality the expression " the wicked shall be turned into amoke." Surely he did not be. lieve that the devils were turned into emoke-he dare not stand up and say that. Mr. Mono - " Yes, I do." Mr. Toan : " You mist be inesane, The devil is a spirit, and you canoot get smoke out of a spirit, You must be ecceetrir, and have been let loose on me ano %puip irnent for something I did. in bygone days. Let me heardmeelevant question." ' ' Mr. Bonoom said that he thought Mr. Long wo_ dgrelt that a ean might be a sincere Christian, an yet bave a desire to do away with some ugly, thi g that would creep 10. They were told that was their Father, and waesinfittely more loving tha an earthy father. A good parent, after a son l?a forfeited every right to his clemency and love, an even while he wrs unrepentant, would shield hi if he oould,.from punishment for the sips he had to mitted. Wre.they not in a curious dilemme if.t eylikene' God to an earthly father ir. LoNo .said that the Bible nowhere taught thaf God was. their. ather. If they w re. all .the chi ran of God, there could not be any regeneration or option. God was only the. Father, of those wh mn he adopted-of the goo, .notte wicked-and He al said of some that they were the children of the devil. r. BIOuTOC said they had been taught tp ir a Sr Father, which artin Heaven." atd the lpads p er'taught that sin could be forgiven.. The prayer, th? re, he thought, could be used .by a sinuer, w thetnbada right to oalLOod "Father.'! Ilit we not b, the prayer ahould not be used in pi pu lie assembly r. Lao aistd that all p'ople might not use-had no a right to use-the words '!Our Fathor." ?he. Sa 'our, when dictating. the-prayer, said," When ye ray,"mot " When men.pray.? Still there were do eon earth to see the prayer .but igera; .b t th were both saved and unsave sinners. Sr.; G'H. H.t . said that, like Mr. Long. he had th ght much on the subject of. eternal ppnismept. e he was still undecided whether it was to beevgr I ng or not. Peter.3, t9, spoke of Chriset preach tothe spirit in pria. Would hebsavedone ? if ere was no hpe of reformation .. S r.I;14t o said that Christ preached to the spirfls in rimn while the arkcwal prepanig, just as Pault sa Heprached to the Ephesia- not peroonaljl. bt by His preachers. The idea of Christpronhin_ to smned spirits was so revolting that there mpst be ething wrong withlhe mind of the -person in w m it existed. Christ abode in paradise till jil. e rrection, and it was to him unthinkable that lie p ed -to the rebel dead.. J.' MnusaY referred to the parable of the p digal non, anoi asked who the father represented. r.'Loro drenw attention to the words ,' when iq.. ae a to himself," adding that he was then really a so returning to his father, after regeneration, as it 'r. Swanr did not, he said, quite see the force of S. Long's logic. --Iteeemed4ohim4.hatthe parable w meant to show that the vilest and worst of them yet childirii bf od 'whose heart was that'of i erto them still.{ '·1 " r. Swrer aud Mr. Loan ,then bhad a short discus. ai as to whether all men were the children of God ot. The latter admitted that Adam was createS' iuod'u image, but asserted that he fell.from tha5i' and begat children in his own image. "Caif not a child:of God ; else there most be mant 6~ 's ;children in hell .The. rebels. born of Adam wre not children of Cod until adopted by limis." elastquestion Mr. Lougneswered was a sritten o-".How- do yonaccolint for there being different cooured races of mnpo' This hto ittrihut:d "to the ae ffectig the liver. and seoroqhiring t?io etitle,' ae atlaw? asked an expressignf .opiani6. m thesaudience as to whether they would'like M. Long to visit Ipswich agnint ind the verdict wt' in favorfhis doing so., Smeting thenelolped. 