Ik ffcelkitg. THE CONTRIBUTOR. OLD ENGLISH CUSTOMS AND FOLK-LORE. fBY Eifest. I XIII.—SACRIFICE. A belief that the world was peopled with spirits differing from men chiefly in that they were invisible and more power fid led to the performance of certain rites by which to secure the good offices of these spiritual orders. In times of need their aid was invoked by incanta tions, and their favour bought by gifts, which were supposed to appease and gratify them. Men early learnt the potency of gifts, and that it was useless to present a prayer to their chiefs or head men unless their requests were backed by some substantial contribution. Those spirits whom they feared and invoked were the manes of their ancestors. In the other world they needed food, prized the possession of wealth and power, and desired personal attendants as much as when alive among their people. The simplest offerings were those which com prehended the fruits of the field and orchard, accompanied by libations, mostly of fermented liquors, whioh most tribes, however barbarous, have learnt to manu facture. The first-fruits were solemnly laid before the symbol of adoration, when it was believed the spiritual counterparts of these oblatlonB were partaken of by the unseen beings for whom they were in tended. The sacrifice of animal's supplied a double purpose, not only providing food, If the spirits so desired, but the spiritual counterparts of the animals slain in sacri fice passed into the unseen state and became attendants on those to whom they were dedicated. The life passed away at the altar only to reappear in the next world, where it was henceforth the property of the manes to whom the offering had j been made. The rites of human sacrifice would have been meaningless and worth less to the gods, demons, or manes, if the equivalents of persons thuB sacrificed had not passed over to the next world to swell the retinue or minister to the happiness of these spiritual potentates. The agency of fire as a quick means of transmitting dedicated persons and things to the other state was early introduced into the rites of sacrifice, and has gene rally been considered an essential element in these propitiatory offerings. Fire became, indeed, the very symbol of sacri fice, and was retained in religious rites even when the crude ideas which gave rise to its use had been outgrown by higher intelligence. It forms a leading feature in folk-lore,'and from the clearness with which some of the customs involving the use of fire can be traced to their origin it is one of the most interesting departments of our subject. It has been a universal belief that the ghosts of the departed linger about the scones of their mortal life. Hence the prevalent dread of sleeping in a room where a death has recently occurred. Should the death have been the result of violence, either by murder or suicide, it was henceforth " the haunted house," and as a consequence would probably be shut up till the place fell into ruins. Up to quite recent times there was scarcely a town or village in England that had not its haunted house from some such a cause. This superstition is but the modern form of the primitive belief in local and house spirits, which must be propitiated or otherwise they would take revenge in endless mischief. In the old German and Scandinavian communities a new settlement or a new habita tion was always inaugurated by an offering being made to appease the tutelary spirits of the place. A living human victim was often built into the foundations of the new building, or the .first stake of the structure was driven through the body of the victim as a sacri fice to the local unseen powers. These .human sacrifices were continued through out Northern Europe into the ninth cen tury. Tradition says, St. Columba could .make no progress in the erection of the monastery in Iona until he buried a man i(St. Oran) alive under its foundations to •appease the spirits of the island, after which the work went on without interrup tion. Bodies have been found under the walls of old Saxon Churches in a way that strongly suggests that their burial was contemporaneous with the founding of 'these Churches, but whether buried alive or not cannot be determined. These pro pitiatory sacrifices at the building of a J new house have a very remarkable sur vival in France, where the tenant kills a cock on the day of his entering the new domicile; otherwise, it is said, he will die before the year is out. In England various ceremonies of a like meaning are observed by parties removing to a fresh house, such as throwing a bag of salt 'in first, or carrying the Bible in as the ; first piece of furniture introduced, so as 'to insure "good luck." It would appear 'that the French sacrifice of a cock and the English saltbag and Bible, mark three .stages in the passage from pagan to ■Christian sentiments. In these riteB belonging to the house hold it is interesting to observe the im portance assigned to the threshold and the hearth. The hearth, where the fire was ever kept burning—the snored fire lit from a source where it had been origi nated by means of friction, was the symbol of the presence of the house gods or spirits. These were distinguished as "hearth spirits";" ffor it was beneath the hearth that the tutelary spirits of the ^family were supposed to make their abode. Hence the cry, "for hearth and home," has ever been with the Germanic people the most sacred and patriotic appeal that conld be raised. It was to our rude ancestors the equivalent of " for religion and home." The threshold was second in its sacredness only to the hearth itself, for it was the entrance to the family circle. To stumble on the threshold was an evil omen, and the symbol of intro ducing a bride to the new domestic circle and its privileges was given by lifting her over the threshold as she entered her new home. This recognition of the house spirits is very strikingly seen in the domestic fairies, already treated of, and which in recent times got the designation of "Brownies," or some such local name. In the old-fashioned English farmsteads the goodwill of these household fairies was carefully considered and retained by Bnndry little gifts. Bowls of milk and cream were placed in snug corners for the dusky sprites, who could appreciate such attentions and enjoy the simple fare when no curious eye was watching them. Or, in milking cows, a little milk was spilt at various places with the same intent. In the Orkneys it was a custom to have a stone with a hole in it about the farm stead, which was known as " Brownie's stone," and into the hole in this stone a portion of milk was duly poured " for Brownie, as also beer, when the latter was being brewed. The penalty for not making such offerings to the house spirit was that, otherwise, the milk would get spilt, the butter would not come in the churn, or the beer would spoil in the making. The Brownie of the family was in some way supposed to represent the good fortune of the family, descending from father to son, and there can be little doubt that the reverence paid to these house spirits was simply a modification of the primitive rites of ancestor worship. Perhaps the most striking survivals of | the pagan rites of sacrifice in English folk-lore are found associated with the change of the seasons and with agricul ture. Agriculture unites the present with the past more intimately than any other of the vocations of life; whilst the tillers of the ground are, as a class, the least affected by those modifying influences which have of late years tended to sweep away the popular customs and traditions of the people. It is to this class mainly that we have to look for the remnants of folk-lore that still survive, and the most perfect examples are found associated with the cultivation of the land, the care of flocks and herds, the critical periods of the year with regard to the orops, and especially in the harvest, which is the crown and consummation of all agricul tural labour. Martin, in his " Western j Isles of Scotland," says that on Candlemas . Day, which falls on February 2, and is the feast of the purification of the Virgin Mary, the peasantry, after dressing up a Bheaf of oats in woman's clothes, puts the image into a basket with a wooden club. The members of the house just before getting into bed cry three times, "Briid is come, Briid is welcome." In the morning they examine the ashes on the hearth for the impress of Briid's Club, which, if they can discern, it is the sign of a prosperous year. The dressed-up sheaf might very well be in tended to represent the goddess Ceres (or the equivalent goddess of agriculture, as known in the Northern mythology), who was appealed to for a blessing on the grain sown at that season of the year. The ceremony being performed on the dayfof the feast of the Virgin Mary would imply that the latter had become asso ciated with the pagau goddess in this rural ceremony. The "harvest home," whilst generally marked by more or less demonstrations of joy throughout the land, has lost much of that quaint pic tureBqueness which formerly attended the last load in its home-coming. In the North of England the time-honoured "kern supper" is still held when the farmer and. his harvesters join in a round of mirth, on perfect equality, to mark the ingathering of the year. The last load | comes in decorated with branches and flowers ; the harvest horn is blown, and lusty lungs proclaim the happy consum mation in a few doggerel lines of verse. The "Kern-baby," which was an image dressed up with corn and flowers, and which probably represented the Roman Ceres, as above, is now almost extinct, but the old custom of hanging up a few ears of corn in the farmer's kitchen, and retain ing them there until harvest came round again, is still respected in many places. Less importance is attached to this custom now than formerly, for it was once re garded with superstitious feelings, and a farmer would on no account allow this remnant of the harvesting to be taken down till the time for replacement with the newer corn came round lest his crops should fail. It was probably originally a votive offering to the gods of plenty. In reaping the fields it was an old English custom to leave a corner uncut, which | was known either as " the good man's portion" or " the bad man's portion," the difference of terms probably arising from whether the idea of sacrifice comprehended a thank-offering to the good spirits for their bounty, or an offering of propitiation to the Evil One that he might do them no harm. In Scotland some of the ancient customs relating to infancy incladed certain ceremonies in which fire played an important part. Thus, fire was carried round about the mother after accouche ment, and also round the infant before it was christened, and having returned home from the christening the baby was finally passed three times over the fire. These customs have a close resemblance to rites of a similar character observed in pagan Greece, and were apparently' intended to signify the dedication of the child to the gods of the household. The Christian form of dedication took place-in the kirk, and the- pagan dedication over | the sacred fires of the hearth. Nurses were also accustomed to wash the babies in water that had been heated, not in the ordinary way, but by placing hot coals or iron in the water. All kinds of virtues were attributed to water thus heated, it being "healing," "strengthening," "protecting," &c.; In the North of England old ladies and nurses have great faith in " cinder tea" as a cure for gripes in infants, the said cinder tea being made by dropping ■ a red-hot coal into water, and administering the water thus warmed to the infant. This remedy was used by a nurse who had charge of an infant in my family a few years ago whilst we were residing on the Tyne. This was no doubt the primitive method of heating water, and a reversion to this obsolete method in the case of infants, for their better protection, is suggestive of an appeal to house spirits who once ruled the fates of the family. The incessant crying of a griped infant would appear as though some evil spell was upon it, and to break this evil influ ence what could be bo effective as a glow ing coal from the hearthstone of the tute lary spirits of the household? The fires which a few years ago were very commonly lighted on some eminence on the 1st of May have a Celtic origin. They are (or were) known both in Scot land and Ireland as "Bealtain" or "Bael Fyr," that is the fires of Bael, the sun-god of the ancient Geltic and other northern nations—a name which is remarkably similar to Baal, the sun-god of the old | Phoenicians. So also in the rites asso ciated with these respective divinities there j is 'a striking likeness in the altars upon high places, the burning fires, and the passing through the fires, common to both the Phoenician and Celtic peoples. How these rites were kept up in Scotland at the close of the last century has been graphically told by an eye-witness:— "Upon the 1st of May, which is called | Baltan or Bal-tein-day, all the boys in a township or hamlet meet on the moor. They cut a table in the green sod, of a | round figure, by cutting a trench of such circumference as to hold the whole com pany. They kindle a fire, and dress a repast of eggs and milk of the consistence of a custard. They knead a cake of meal, which is toasted at the embers against a stone. After the custard is eaten up, they divide the cake into so many portions, as similar as possible to one another in size and shape, as there are persons in the company. They daub one of these portions all over with charcoal until it be perfectly black. They put all the bits of the cake into a bonnet. Every one, blindfold, draws out a portion. He who holds the bonnet is entitled to the last bit. Whoever draws the black bit is the devoted person who is to be sacrificed j to Baal, whose favour they mean to im plore in rendering the year productive of j the sustenance of man and beast. There is little doubt of these inhuman sacrifices having been once offered in this countiy as well as in th6 East, although they now omit the act of sacrificing, and only compel the devoted person to leap three times through the flameB." The reason why May Day was chosen for such a festival was, no doubt, because our Celtic ancestors reckoned it as the beginning of summer, and, therefore, a suitable time for special propitiatory sacrifice to their sun-god. At Bewcastle and neighbour hood (Cumberland) these May fires are known as "Tandlet E'en," and were described to me by one who had taken part in them as follows :—"A bonfire of peats was first made, the neighbours ranging themselves meantime into two parties, one to defend the bonfire and the other to attempt a raid upon it. The man who could successfully carry off a burning peat, in spite of the defenders, was reckoned victor or prizetaker." This curious contest may have originally re presented a sun myth, portraying the struggle of the seasons and the victory of the sun over winter. These sun-fires were also lighted on Midsummer's Day (that is, the summer solstice) and on November 1, which was con sidered the end of summer, and was, moreover, Halloween, the night of liberty | for the occupants of the lower regions, who came in dusky swarms over hill and dale. What so fitting as to light up the sacred fires of Baal on the hilltops to limit their mischief- making powers ? At each of these seasons you may still find the custom of bonfires kept up in the secluded parts of Northumberland and elsewhere, whilst the nameB (" Bael" and " Tandlet") by which they are known to the country people is evidence of their great antiquity. But what was a solemn religious rite to our ancestors is now mainly left to the juveniles; and as they jump, even yet, through the fires, they symbolize a dark period of human history when they might, indeed, have been offered in actual sacrifice to secure the favour of Baal. The name of this Celtic divinity survives in many place names and remarkable physical features of j the country. Yenerin Bel, on the borders of Scotland ; Belan, in Montgomeryshire; Belan Banks, in Shropshire; Baal Hills, in Yorkshire; Balerium, the ancient name of the Land's End; Bel Tor, in Devonshire; besides numerous illustra tions on the Continent show how widely spread the rites of this Celtic deity were acknowledged. The evidences are the more interesting in that the names usually belong to conspicuous hills, and these often bear evidence of Druidical remains on their summits. We can only find room for one more illustration, which, according to an English paper published in 1879, "is one of the few remnants of ancient customs still, observed pretty generally in Here fordshire. On the eve of old Christmas Day there are thirteen fires lighted in the cornfields of many of the farms, twelve of them in a circle and one round a pole much longer and higher than the rest in the centre. The fires are dignified with the names of the Yirgin Mary and Twelve Apostles, the lady being in the middle, and while they are burning the labourers retire into some shed or outhouse, where they can behold the brightness of the apoBtolic flame. Into this shed they lead a cow on whose horn a large plum cake has been stuck, and having assembled around the animal the oldest labourer takes a pail of cider and addresses the following lines to the cow with great solemnity, after which the same verse is chanted in chorus by all present:— Here's to thy pretty face and milk-white horn ; Heaven send thy master a good croD of corn. Both wheat, rye, and barley—all sorts of grain— And next year, if we live, we'll drink to thee again. He then dashes the cider in the cow's face, when, by a violent toss of the head, she throwB the plum cake on the ground, and if it falls forward it is an omen that the next harvest will be good; if back ward, that it will be unfavourable. This is the ceremony at the commencement of the rural feast, which is generally pro longed to the following morning." Nothing could be more complete than this rural sacrifice except in the one particular of not taking the life. There is the ox for sacrifice, the sacred fires in full view, the cake for the altar, the libations in cider, the solemn invocation for a prosperous year, and even the divination, which was always an attendant of sacrificial rites. All this in the latter half of the nineteenth century! An inlier (to use a geological simile) of paganism amidst a Christian order that is thirteen centuries old. No better illustration could be given of the persistence of popular beliefs and the value of folk-lore in tracing the social, historical, and religious progress of the human race. 