Chapter XLVII.—His Last Change. The festivities of Fitzurse House went on all the same, although Jethro Merridew could I have no part in them. "Merry was the | world, though he was dead." writes Mr. Morris of a somewhat more interesting person than poor Jethro Merridew; and it would take the world of Fitzurseham very little tim8 indeed to get over its feeling of grief at the loss of Jethro Merridew. But it is only just to say that Mrs. Pollen and most of her guests knew nothing of the old man's death until the night's revelries were well nigh over, and by that time some of them at least had other things to think of. ' The gardens were starred with colored lamps. The newest devices of South Ken sington fetes made the waters of the fountain leap up in many tinted radiance to the vast dark of the evening skies, and filled the hearts of Fitzursebam youth and likev^e indeed Fitzurseham old age with wonder and ecstacy, The night was so fine and warm for the time of the year that many were induced to come from the crowded and heated rooms into the cooi pure air, and so the colored fountains had plenty of admirers. Nothing could be a sadder and a vainer spectacle in its way than a colored fountain displaying all its prodigality of tints and its high-soaring jets of activity with no one to look on and admire. The colored fountains of Fitzurse House were spared that humiliation by the singular fineness of the night. Mrs. Pollen received her guests in the great drawing-room on the ground floor. She wa3 dressed very plainly this night, and made little display of jewellery. She was very proud of the fact that she now knew all her company by sight, and could_ address every Fitzursehamite who came by his or her name, and made some appropriate enquiry. The room was already beginning to be crowded. Romont, in his character of Albanian Joseph, hung about a little in the background, but yet in ostensible attendance on Mr. Pollen, and occasionally summoned to her side by a signal from her fan and bidden to do this or that for her. Suddenly he drew back and all but con cealed himself in a crowd of admiring and yet shiinking Fitzurseliamites, some of whom looked on Albanian Joseph as a sort of creature hardly less wondrous and out of their way than a ghost. Romont drew back and was trying to conceal himself because he saw Camiola come in, and he did not like to ba seen by her ju3t then and in his Albanian masquerade, which he feared would bring unpleasant recollections back to her mind. Camiola had chosen a richer and more matronly style of dress than she usually affected. Mrs. Pollen had asked her to dress herself particularly nicely for the pleasure of the Fitzursehamites, and Camiola, like a good girl, did 33 she was told. Her robe of old-fashioned brocade, in the nondescript coloring of which all shades of yellow and brown seemed to blend agreeably, fell in straight folds round her form, and had a severe simplicity which wa3 in keeping with her somewhat grave mien and the erect car riage of her head. She held a great round fan of yellow and brown ostrich feathers which might have been borne by one of the stately dames who had in old times crowded the slip pery staircase of Fitzurse House. Golden brown plumes nestled in her bodice, confined by a quaint ornament of topaz and pearl, and there were topazes in her brown hair and round her girlish neck. She might, except for her warm and healthy vitality, have been one of the beautiful shadows of an old tim8 with whom Mrs. Pollen's imagination used once to people the rooms. So Mrs. Pollen, too, was thinking, and suddenly she saw that Christian Pilgrim, who was acting generally a3 a sort of majcr-domo, was gazing at the girl with a look of intense admiration and melan choly as if some thought of the same kind were passing through his mind. Somebody stopped Camiola and spoke to her ; it was Yinnie Lam mas. The contrast was curious ; the rich dress, the healthy vigorous beauty, the splendor of movement as well as of adornment of the one girl, and the pale distressful look of the other, with her neat but somewhat shabby get up, and her aspect of unsuitability with the place and the crowd. The contrast was per haps the more striking because Vinnie wa3 looking very pretty and picturesque in her way. Poor Pilgrim looked sadly at them both; he was even more pallid than usual. Mr3. Pollen felt that something wa3 wrong with him. She called Romont to her, and, in a low tone, asked him to look after Pilgrim; to get into talk with him; and find if anything was wrong. Romont promised, and as he was going away turned back just for a moment. They spoke in the semi-Italian jargon which they used on such occasions, " Doesn't she look lovely to-night, my queen girl?" he whispered, his head bent in Joseph's habitual attitude of deference. " Young man," Mrs. Pollen responded, " do you think I am in the habit of conversing with menials on the personal charms of the young ladies I receive in my house? Have you spoken to her?" she added quickly. "Notyet. I haven't had the chance. Must it be done while I am in this mummer's cos tume ?" " It must. That is my idea altogether. You have a better right to speak to her in that mum mer's costume, as you call it, than in any other. It was in that you found her out." " I believe you are right," he said. "Thank you—I am always right." The rector and Lady Letitia had already come and were mingling with the guest3—he awkward and shy; she doing her very best, and apparently with much success, to hide for the moment the varied feelings of her heart, perturbed by mingled sorrow, joy, and anxiety. Would Janette come ? Yes, Janette actually had come. She was very pale, and looked singularly pretty, and the effort she was making to throw her soul into the business of the evening gave a sparkle to her eyes which was like the light of pleasure for those who are not quick in seeing any difference between one light and another. Camiola had been miserably unhappy all day. She began to look forward more and more with dread and shame to the prospect of marriage with Georgie Lisle. If she went out to Egypt she knew it must be; and now they were going to Egypt. The keen strain of anxiety about Georgie's hfe was over; every one said the campaign was virtually at an end. He was safe, he would soon be in civilised Cairo again; he was a hero; why should she any longer be compelled to go near him ?_ Had he"not enough now? How absurdly incon sistent this all was, to be sure. To promise a man that she would marry him if he should escape alive out of the danger, and then to think that she ought to be released from her promise because that very condition had been iulfilled and he had escaped out of the danger —surely a less intelligent girl than Camiola must have seen the utter inconsistency and absurdity of such conduct. Exactly, and Camiola did see it, but she could not make things any different. She could not make her feelings at the present hour the same as they were in those moments of prostration and des pondency when she was ready to promise any thing rather than see her dear Lady Letitia in grief. We do not ask our right-minded readers to forgive Camiola, we readily admit that she ought to have been ever so much wiser, that she ought to have always known her own mind, that she ought under no matter what distract ing conditions and distressing mental conflicts to have invariably done, said, and thought the right thing. But then this a story about a girl who did not always say and do the right thing, whose heart and head did not always work quite well and harmoniously together, a girl who sometimes made mistakes and had to_ be sorry for them, a very human sort of girl, just a woman and a sister. Among her many inconsistencies of mind and purpose was that of which she was distinctly conscious in going to this festival at Fitzurse House. She dreaded, positively dreaded, meet ing Romont there, and yet at moments she felt that she would give her life just to see him for once; and there. "Must I lose him ?"_ she kept incessantly asking of herself; sometimes varying the mental enquiry by asking of her self, " If I do see him what shall I do ?" The place seemed fateful to her. It was there out among those paths, under those trees which she could see through the open windows, it was there that the truth was suddenly borne in upon her that she loved him. It was the very appeal made to her love by Georgie Lisle that shot into her heart of hearts the conviction that she loved Romont. Suppose that he should not come, would that mean that he had steeled his mind to the knowledge that they had better not meet, and that all was over between them ? And she not merely loved him, but she knew he was just the man she could love and ought to love; the man she could look up to, whose purposes she could share. She had been hearing much about him lately in an indirect, scrappy sort of way, in little sentences casually—as she supposed casually—let drop by Mrs. Pollen; in stray talks between Mr. Lisle and his wife. She knew of the brave persistent efforts he had been making to do good for others; for others of whom he knew next to nothing but that they were poor and in distress. If she could have been a man this is just the sort of man she could have wished to be; this is the man the could love; the man she would have if she could for her lover and her husband. And she might have had him for her lover and her hus band if only she had not been so foolish, if only she had not been so week, if only she had known her own mind at the right time. No— that was not it; it was worse than that; for she did know her own mind; she knew it from the first moment of discovering her love ; she knew that she wanted to marry Romont; but she allowed herself to be led away from the knowledge which ought to have been her light and her guide, She was a fearless unaffected girl; never shy; yet this night she went through ths rooms with a sort of frightened look in her eyes, as if she feared something about to happen. She sometimes shook her head slowly, languidly, from side to side as one who says—" It is all over ; I can't help it now." Mrs. Pollen noted even the slightest and most passing of these little signals of distress; and she was not ul pleased. She wanted the girl to be in a strain of emotional temper that night; to be susj ceptible, to be impressionable, to be startled out of conventional moods and open to the promptings of her own soul. "Camiola, my dear," Mrs. Pollen said in a low tone; "will you go into the music room, and tell me is everything is right there. It isn't open to the people yet; and_ I want the benefit of your last glance over it3 arrange inputs " Then Mrs. Pollen saw "Walter Fitzurse come in. He was dressed very well, and looked decidedly handsome and striking, with a sort of picturesquely penitential air about hitn which Mrs. Pollen hoped would tell upon Janette. He passed Camiola as Camiola was leaving the room, and made her a low and sort of deprecating, beseeching bow. "Quite the play actor mood," Mrs. Pollen Baid to herself with a miegiving, for she felt sure that utter sin cerity would be his best chance with Janette. He came towards Mrs. Pollen, and she re ceived him with ostentatious friendliness of manner, for she knew that every one would observe them, and she felt that if he was to have a chance at all it must be a good and full chance. Your wife is here; go to her and spealc to her; she won't make a scene. Ask her to let you talk to her in some other room. Do it quietly, and don't be afraid.' Mrs, Pollen said this in a very low tone as Bhe gave him her hand. What might have happened if he had gone straight to Janette that moment no one can ever know. Very likely the child's heart might have given way at the Bight of him, her lover, her husband 5 and she might have taken him back to her love and her heart, and all might have been well even then. But no such chance was given by Walter Eitzurse to himself. He looked to Janette; she was with her father and mother; her face in its present repose looked sad, and thiD, and wasted; he was angry with her for looking unhappy ; he was angry with her because the very sight of her madenim feel remorseful and ashamed ; he was afraid of her and of her father and mother* he lo3t nerve, he lost courage, he was conscience-stricken ; and yet his conscience-stricken condition prevented him from doing the one thing which conscience would _ have bidden him to .do. He quailed, he sick ened ; he was taken with need less demoralising dread of a scene; he hesitated, faltered—and at that moment of ominous indecision his eyes rested on Yinnie Lammas. Then his good genius deserted him once for all. His memory and mind went back to the days of his love making with Vinnie Lammas; he thought of her as the one woman who was not ashamed of him; the girl who bad been proud of his love and his attentions; the girl whom he might have married without sham or pretence or pitiful scheming of any kind, and who would have looked up to him, adored him, worshipped him, when they were married. The moment was fatal to him. Vinnie was seated; there was a vacant place beside her, he sat down and entered into low and rapid talk with her, Janette saw this, and a tremble came over her face. Her mother saw it, Mrs, Polien saw it, Christian Pilgrim Eaw it. "What could have possessed him ? Such a think done just then and there was an insult and an outrage. " It is all up," Mrs. Pollen said to herself; " he has had his la3tchance and has thrown it way. Never again will I help him to regain his wife and his career. He is gone—let him go." Presently the few who were watching this little scene saw Vinnie get up hastily and leave her place. So abrupt was her rising that the least observant who had noticed the matter at all must have seen that something had happened. What had happened ? This: Walter, in his almost hysterical mood, had told her that he loved her still and only; that his life was ruined ; that he had been left by his wife for ever; that he had in all the world no one but Vinnie to care for him; that he knew she still did care for him, and he besought her to go away with him to America, where they could begin a new life and be happy together in a relationship which would be a real marriage—not a false and hollow social sham like that in which he was linked with Janette. Every one has heard or read this sort of thiBg; it might, as Mrs. Pollen once said, have been printed and sold as a circular, suitable to Buchi men, and purposes, and occa sions. Then Vinnie got up, with flushed cheeks and choking throat, and. left him with out a word. As she was going out she passed Pilgrim, who came after her and caught her by the arm. "He has been making love to you 2" were Pilgrim's first words. "Don't dare to deny it." " Oh, what does it matter what he does ?" the girl answered distractedly. "He must be goiDg mad, I think. Oh, God, forgive him." Pilgrim let her go and turned back into the room and watched every movement of Walter's with burning eyes. He saw Walter get up and lounge vacuously about the room for a moment or two. Then Walter turned to that end of the room where Janette had been, and where she was now standing almost alone, her father and mother having been drawn into talk with others different ways. Was he going to speak to her? Apparently. Janette looked towards him, and saw his purpose, perhaps. She turned away, and going to her father put her band on his arm as if to claim his protection, and said a word to him and they passed out of the room together. Then Walter lingered ■ for a little, and spoke to this person and to that, and then he too left the room, and Pil grim followed him, keeping him in sight from room to room, from corridor to hall, and so into the grounds and out at the gate. Mrs. Pollen, while chatting incessantly with some of her guests, lost nothing of all this. She knew what was happening, what had hap pened, as well as if she had heard each story from the lips of those concerned._ She began to look anxiously round as if seeking someone, and after a moment or two of much mental uneasiness she saw Romont and signalled to him. "Something has been going on," she said. "See after Pilgrim, he has followed that wretched creature Eitzurse; there will be a quarrel of some sort, don's lose a moment. Go." Romont was not a man to lose a moment. He asked no question but went. Just then Camiola came to Mrs. Pollen. "I have seen to the music-room," she said; '' everything looks as well as could be. I think cvtrythiDg is going right, in that way." "In that way,"- Mrs, Pollen answered. "Yes, in that way. But in other ways, my dear Camiola, I think all is not going right." "Has something happened?" Camiola s?ked, with sudden vague misgiving and alarm, "Something has happened; something is going to happen I am afraid—I have sent Romont to prevent harm if he can." " Oh, why did you send him?" (To he continued.) 