THE MISSING BRIDE. BY S. A. WEIss. It was Alice Graves' wedding eve, and the young people with whom she was a favourite, were busied in putting the last inishing touches to the floral decoration of the village church in which the cere mony was to be performed. As with deli and busy fingers they dis posed the freshly-gathered roses here and there among the evergreen garlands, their tongues moved as busily and they talked in groups of twos and threes about the bride and groom, and various matters con mected with the weddin'. Some were disappointed that there was to be no wedding party, but only a sober ceremony in the church, with the bride attired in a travelling suit. What satis faction could itlhere be in being a bride if there were no bridal dress, or veil, or wedding gaiety? The groom, Mr. Gilbert Warner, had proposed to give a supper and a reception at the hotel, but Alice hlad seemed straugely set upon her own plan of le-ving imme diately after the ceremony for her fature home away in the South. The girls wondered whether Joe Curtis would be at the marriage. Some thought -he would shrink from the ordeal of seeing his old sweetheart the bride of another, while others were of opinion that Alice's treatment of him had estranged the love he had once felt for her. "She certainly did treat him shame fully !" said one of the group which was standing close to the vestry door. "We all remember the attention he paid her, and how she seemed to encourage lit. No one doubted it would be matchr; for my part I felt awfully sorry for Joe when she came back from the South engaged to this stranger,~Mr. Warner." "He's a better match for her than Joe Curtis," said a lively girl, rising and shaking from her dress the stray leaves that clung to it. "Not as good looking, perbaps, but he's rich, and Alice can have all she wants if her husband is generous enough to give it to her. I've often heard her say she would like to have plenty of money; and for my part I don'tblame her. One can be so much happier with money." "I don't believe that Alice is marrying for money," said a tall, dark-eyed girl, with s?ome indignation inhertone. "I haveob servedher, and I am cot~oin that she is msore in love with Mr. Warner than ever ahe was with Joe Curtis. I don't think she ever cared for Joe except as a friend, though she might have thought so. I tell you, girls, one never knows when one is really in love until the right one comes." Then there was some more light chatter, and the gay group, having completed and admired their work, loft the church and dispersed to their homes to prepare -for being present at the wedding ceremony. They did not know that their talk had been overheard by a tall, dark gentlemen who, stood just outside the vestry door; and that their careless words had planted a sharp pang ef doubt and jealousy in a heart which an hour. before had been brimming over with the happiness of a loving and trusting bridegroom. Mr. Warner and his "bestman" had come quietly to the church, at the request of the clergyman, in order to go through a slight rehearsal necessary to the Iporfoct carrying out of the proposed ceremony. The clergyman had not arrived, and while waiting for him and the departure of the ladies who were superintending the decorations, Warner had approached the vestry door, which stood a little open, and heard the whole conversation the other side. It was a shook and a revelation to him. Was it possible,; he thought, that he had been deceived in the fair girl, in whose love he habd so implicitly 'trusted P Was it true that she had ever loved another, or that she was marrying himself, as her thoughtless young friend had hinted, for money? But then came the words'of the grave, tall girl with the dark eyes, to soothe and' reassure him. Yes, he would believe Alice true and noble, as he had hitherto thought her, he said to himself, though .even at the moment he was con scious of the pang of doubt which would intrude .itself despite his resolve. Up at the little Graves homestead just on the borders of the village, the bridal party were assembled-Alice and her six bridesmniaids. " The sun had' set, already the village churoeh was lighted and the people were wending their way thither, eager to, got possession of the most advantageous places for witnessing the ceremony. Alice, attired in complete travelling costume, was in her own room. At her request she ihad been left alone until the carriage should arrive to convey her to the church. She looked about the cozy little room, which had been her own, at the little' ornamental articles in which she had taken so much pleasure in furnishing it,' and through the open side door into the garden. This last was a favourite haunt of hers. At the end of the walk leading from her .door was a vine-overed arbour, where she had spent mnny a quiet and happy hour with her books or work. Why should she not take alast look at this spot, and of the Sowers which she had trained over and around it? It was out of sight of the_ road and of the other part of the house, so no onetcould see her. Slowly and pensively she strolled down the walk-paused for a moment under the arbor; then, approaching the little gate which here opened upon a green lane, she stood looking across the fields towards the woodlands. The sound of swiftly-approaching wheels aroused her. It was Joe Curtis, in his gig, driving rapidly down the lane. Before Alice had time to turn away, ihe drew up suddenly opposite 'the gate on which she leaned, "I don't know that I ought to intrude ,upon you at such a time, Alice," he said; "hut I have just seen old Aunt Peggy .arnet, and she was speaking of you. Do you know that, as I passed her cabin, the old soul was standing in the doorway watching for you ?' . "Watching for me?" Alice repeated. "Yes. She said sheknew you would not go away without bidding her good-by she might never again seo you." A pang of remorse shot through the .girl's heart. How was it that she had been so pro occupied with her own affairs so as to have forgotten old Peggy Barnet, the good and kindly soul whom all the young people called aunt, and with whom Alice had been, since hsr babyhood, a special favourite ? "Oh, if I only had time!" she said, remorsefully. " "I feel as thougis I could never forgive myself for being so forgetful if the clear sill, womuln, e251 ghc wacin for and expecting me, Joe," she added, looking up hastily, "do you think you could drive me there and back in your gig ? It would not take ten minutes, and I-I have an hour before me" shloe alded, with ablush. "If yea choose, Alice," he answered, a little hesitatingly. "No one will see me; I shall be back before I am missed," she said, in her usual impulsive way. And the next moment she was seated in the gig by the side of her old friend and former lover, speeding down the lane toward Peggy Barnet's cottage. At the church every seat was filled, and an impatient crowd awaited the bride's arrival. It was already past the appointed hour. Two messen"ers had been dispatched to inquire into the cause of the delay, and in the vestry room the groom and his at tendants awaited the expected summons. . Suddenly the vestry door opened, and one of the deacons of the church entered, with a face in which ill news was so pal pably written that Gilbert Warner started to his feet." "What is it ?" he said, quickly. "What has happenedi?" And then he heard what every one mn the village church was already repeating to each other. Alice Graves and Joe Curtis have run away together. They were seen driving at breakneck speed down the Mill Road in the direction of the station-to catch the north-bound train, no doubt. Warner heard the news in silence, but with white face and set lips. "You will follow them, of course," some one said. But he answered coldly: "Certainly not. She has chosen, and I have no wish to interfere." And he added bitterly, to himself: "This was why she wished to bemarried in a travelling dress." And when, some two hours thereafter the southern bound train went shrieking past the nearest station, it bore away among its passengers, not a happy bridegroom, but a stern and disappointed man. * * s a Time went on its way, with the changes which time always brings. Five, ten, fifteen years passed, and the village where Alice Graves had lived had prospered, and was fast growing into a little town, with brighter prospects ahead. The little Graves homestead no longer stood alone in the midst of its garden and fruit trees, but was encroached upon by newly-bullthouses, and a board nailed on the old front porch informed the public that the place was "For Sale." One autumn evening, a tall, grave, middle-aged gentleman stalked slowly up the street, with his eyes thoughtfully wandering lover the faded old house and the neglected grounds. Pausing where a boy was idly swinging on a gate of one of the houses, he said?; " I see the property over there is for sale. Who is the present owner P" The boy, like most boys, was anxious to give all the information in his power. "Old Mr. Landon Graves was the owner, but he's dead now-been dead two years-and the place helongsto his daugh ter, Miss Alice." " Miss Alice? You mean Mrs.-COur ties ?" said the gentleman, hesitating at the last name. " She ain't Mrs. Curtis. That's my mother's name," replied the boy. And a lady who had been standing un sedn among the shrubbery came hastily forward. She was tall and dark-eyed and comely, and she looked keesly at the stranger as he stood in the twilight. "MissAlicoe Graveshas nevermarried,"she said. "I suppose you mustsomehow have heard the old story which got about of her running away with Mr. Curtis on the evening she was to have married another. It was all a mistake-a false report. She merely rode a short distance with him in his gig, to take leave of an: old lady of whom she was -very fond. But the horse was young and skittish, and taking fright at something, ran away, throwing them both out. People believed it to be an elopement, until when, some hours after, they were found on Ithe old Mill-road Alice badly bruised and Joe with his leg broken. The man she was to have married believed it, and left her without a' word. Joe Curtis is my husband now," she added, with a smile," and Alice Graves, though she has not lacked offers, has never married. She could not easily get over a disappointment like that." "lBut why was not neo-why was not Mr. Warner informed?" inquired the stranger, in a voice of such surpressed vehemence that the boy ,turned and looked at him wonderingly. "Alice would not allow it. She was as proud as he ;andwhen she heard that he had gone, she said: 'If he could believe such a thing of me, it is as well that we should part. . Let him go.' But it went to her heart, and, for my part, I think she has never forgotten him." The stranger made no reply, only pulled his felt hat over his brow, and Mrs. Curtis added: "If you would like to inquire about the place you will find Miss Graves at home. I saw her upon the porch a few minutes ago." She watchedhim as he wente slowly down the street. ' " He thinks thatil did not recognise him. As if I would have said what I did about Alice to any one but Gilbert -Warner! And I can see that he has not forgotten her, either. Al, I hope it may all come right now!" When Gilbert Warner knocked "at the door of the old Graves, house, itwasopened by a fair, graceful, sweet-looking woman, in whom he had no diflosulty in recognising his old love. Alice. But it was not until he stood in the full light of the parlour lamp that she knew him; and then she involun-. tarily drew back a step or two, and looked at him with a white face, as though she had'seen a ghost. 'Alice-don't you know me P?" he said, holding out his hand. " I know you ; but why do you come here ?" she answered, as though striving *to be cold and proud, while her voice faltered and her eyes filled with tears. "I came to ask forgiveness," "he re plied.. " Until to-day I thought that you had wronged me-and you did, Alice, in not letting me know of my wretched mis take. So many years of happiness lost to us both I Oh, Alice, is it too' late P May we not yet be as happy as we once expectod to be ?" It took some time, some pleading, some humiliation on his own part, for high-. minded Alice had been deeply wounded by his too ready belief in her desertion of him. But still her heart had never really swerved from its first real love, no more than bad. his own, and when, Gilbert Warner left the little town it was as he had. hoped to do fifteen years previous with Alice Graves as his biride. 