Party Politics. The subjoined admirable letter, attack ing the debased character of the politics of the present day, recently appeared iu the Courier: — Sib, - At tbe banquet recently given to Mr. Morehead, Sir Charles Lilley deliv ered the following opiuioii — 'Unfortunately, or perhaps it may be fortunately, although I am oue of those who regard it as somewhat of a misfor tune, our form of Government, like that at home, has to be conducted by parties, and although tbat system may have some advantages, it has undoubtedly very grave disadvantages. 1 fear there are signs only too evident at present at home tbat party feeliug may lead to tbe sacrifice of tbe nobler elements of patriotism.' In his political days Sir Charles was one of the ablest statesmen in Australia, and he is at present oue of the ablest Judges. The carefully matured opinions of all able men are worth serious consid eration. Iu this case Kir Charles has ex pressed an idea that exists in the brain of many inen who have thoughts higher than the superficial gossip of the streets, or the average senseless chatter of bar and billiard rooms. The system of party poli tics is in itself a direct violation of the primary principle of representative go vernment, delusive in its conception aud mischievous in its effects. Inconceivable, indeed, is the uureasoning conservatism and pusillanimous dread of political inno vation that has allowed this baneful de sign of government to exist so long in a nation of freedom, education, and intelli gence. It must have lived chiefljr on the complacent self-conceit which has imbued the British nation with the belief that they are as perfect in politics as they are invincible in war. We cease somewhat to wonder at the perpetuation of a politi cal delusion, when we consider tbe age attained by various theologies aud super stitions that obstructed the emancipation of the human mind for centuries, before most of them were finally annihilated. They are not all dead yet. Is it a cause for astonishment that tbe Chief Justice regards party government as fatal to patriotism? No system has ever beeu devised more calculated to strangle every form of patriotism, and be more or less disastrous to national heroism. Is it strange tbat politics are too often a bye word and a reproach when we look at the whole plan on which party government js conducted? The British House of Commons has for sometime presented a picture tbat every true Briton should contemplate with indignation, mingled with melancholy forebodings for the fu ture of the Empire. Tbe struggle of the two parties for office is not only disgrace ful to themselves but humiliating to tbe nation wbich has to endure the evil con sequences. The spectacle is debasing to tbe Empire and demoralising to the civilised world. How is it possible for patriotism, heroism, or any other noble impulse to be created or live in the midst ofthe most despicable party warfare, the most contemptible political chicane and electioneering trickery, tbe most degrad ing and shameless scramble for office that has disgraced British Parliamentary life during at least this present century ? It is superfluous to direct attention to the effects of party government in America, effects which are deplored and blushed for by every respectable American citi zen ! It is unnecessary to go beyond Australia for our illustrations. Look back at tbe long struggle of parties in Victoria, aud look also at the present position of politics in New South Wales 1 The disreputable struggle of traffickers for office is as fatal to patriotism as poison is to life. The country, like a wounded man, is in agony while shallow political quacks are quarrelling over their fees and tbe best course of treatment to adopt. Politics have degenerated into what Burke called a 'scuffling bustle of local agency.' Instead of each legislator be- 1 ing a pillar of the State, the majority of tbem are empty weather-cocks, turning with the changing winds of party expe diencies. It is a gloomy picture — tbatof professed statesmen iu a free country devoting all their energies to the trickery of political j scheming, to petty intrigues, and the ex hibition of mean qualities which ought ' to disqualify them for any responsible public position. Instead of Parliament being a representative and deliberative Assembly of tbe nation, it becomes a gathering of delegates,; of parish vestry politicians whose idea of legislation is a reproach to themselves, an outrage ou the State, and a libel on the enlighten ment of the age. And all these evils are tbe direct ana natural outcome of party government. It was said by Bishop Berkeley tbat ' only two classes of men succeed in politics— the able man with no principles, and the man of no ability but one principle— that of blind submissive obedience to his leader.' That, was a long time ago, but the verdict is still applicable to party Government. This blind submisjive obedience to leaders is the deadly disease of our political system. Instead of laws representing the matured dispassionate deliberation of a great ma jority of the Assembiyj they frequently only represent the opinions of a Cabinet majority who force them on their sup porters as party questions, and so pass them into law, regardless of discussion, private opinions, or any other considera tion except the fixed intention to remain in office. Every man who has been through even one session of Parliament has witnessed the solemn farce of legis lators discussing measures on which the nature ot their vote is a fixed foregone conclusion. The system which gene rates this detestable hypocrisy, this shameful sacrifice of conscientious judg ment to party expediency, is surely seriously in need of some radical altera tion ! Beneath this system of ' blind submissive obedience,' politics must naturally degenerate, and Parliament pass measures that not only do not repre sent the opinions of the people, but are actually not begotten of a belief of a majority even In the Aasembly. And the degeneracy of pojitios from a position that ought to command honour and respect from the nation, implies that the best men in the oonstituencles willtaol , | always offer themselves for eleotlon. ? j i We can oome nearer home now to1 ?liscuss i' i- 'vilH of party politics. Take two aver.17*.- V'-prpsHiitfilivte Mfectors. To (hew (»?-- m.Hi. Griffith and M'llwraith are the Ormzml uud Abriman of political nature One man beholds all that is diviue in Griffith, all that is diabolic in M'll wraith ; the other holds au opinion exactly the reverse of this. The opi uions of these men are worse than worthless. They are the result of prejudice and bigotry, and therefore false aud mis chievous. They will not even lisleu lo and discuss anything prejudical to their own political idol. Theirs is the iusane bigotry of the antiquarian who refused to have his aucient shield scoured for tear it might prove to be a pot lid, or the mau who declined to look through a telescope for fear it might shake his faith in Aris totle. At the last general election this poli tical bigotry — hateful to gods and meti - ran rampant throughout the colony. It was quite as conspicuous ou oue side as the other. One result of it was that two or three of our ablest aud most experi enced statesmen were driven from the Assembly for a period of at least live years, while a number of coustilucucies returned about a score of members who have 110 qualification, either natural or acquired, for the position they are placed iu. Iu the struggle of party bigotry the real interests of a couutry are forgotten and patriotism lias no place iu the con test. Aud this system of party politics places tbe leaders iu quite as false a positiou as their supporLers. Probably no oue but a leader can uuderstaud hoiv stupendous are the difficulties he has to contend with. It is a Titanic task, this leadership of a Government in the Parliameuts of tbe present. But where is patriotism, where is the honour and glory of legislation to come in, when the chief end of one side is to hold office and the chief end of the other is to turn them out? A Ministry may be composed of able men, and the great body of their supporters incapable mediocrities ; yet the multifarious preju dices aud bigotries of tbe mediocrities have to be considered, and any half dozen of them can dictate alterations which the able Ministers disapprove of, but are nevertheless compelled to accept. In such a system honest legislation is simply impossible ; tbat is, the acts and Utterances of many of the members, too many, alas ! are governed by far other Considerations tliau the welfare of the bolouy and the honour of the House. Hovv is it possible to approve of a system wherein any indefinite uumber of legis lators induced, by dread of the downfalls of their party or terror of their constituen cies, to conceal their conscientious opinions and cast aside all considerations but the designs of the party they belong to? Representative legislation and party government are a contradiction iu terms. The former implies a majority of the sincere opinions of the ablest men the constituences can secure, chosen solely for their intellectual qualifications ; and the latter indicates simply a numerical majority, bound together far less for the sake of the country than the sake of themselves. And this party government is responsible for nine- tenths of tbe bigotry, the prejudice, the lying, the treachery, the slander, and the hypo crisv so deplorably conspicuous in electioneering, the dread of which makes sensitive able men shrink from entering the arena of politics, and convince the best and most gifted of our statesmen that the position is too frequently an unenviable and unpleasant one. How fatal to honest legislation and the dignity of Parliament is the practice of turningmeasuresinto 'party questions,' to be dependent for success not on their own merits or a conscientious vote of a majority of the House, but on an appeal to tbe partisan prejudices and bigotries of tbe Ministerial followers I There should be no 'party question ' except a vote of want of confiaenoe, whereby a Ministry can be judged, not on tbe goodness of this measure, or the badness of that, but on the general character of their whole legislation and administration ! Ia not bigotry in politlci as hateful and mischievous as bigotry in religion ? Edu cation, and a free use of the human intel lect, is slowly aud surely annihilating the religious fanaticism, but what is be ing doue to destroy the frenzy of political partisanship? Consider how our elec tions are conducted ! Contemplate for a momeut the contemptible stratagems tbat are adopted, the despicable falsehoods, the miserable slanders, that are started into circulation 1 Remember also, that the most active electioneering agents are generally the most contemptible men in the constituencies, and say, then, if the whole system is uot shameful in itself, derogatory to manhood, fatal to veracity, and demoralising to the State. A seat in Parliament ought to be the highest honor the people could confer. Our legislators ought to represent uot only the political opinions of tbe nation, but tbe highest intellect and the noblest type of manhood tbat we possess. How else can the position of a legislator be the coveted ambition of our best and ablest men ? How else can the people look to Parliament with pro found respvet aud serene confidence, or regard the Government as tbe overshad owing iEgis of an all protecting Jove? Vou ask me what is to replace the present system? That may be discussed here after. What I have said here is neces sarily fragmentary, and merely sugges tive. It will be endorsed by those who agree with Sir Charles Lilley tbat party Go vernment is the deadly serpent that is slowly crushing the life out of the god like Laocoon of political patriotism. — I am, sir, &e;,, A. Meston. What is the difference between a smoking concert and a biting east wind ? One is free and easy, tbe other is E. and freez y. Mat Good Digestion wait on Appk.tite. aaya Shakespeare, but 'Vood digeBtion ' wil never wait upon burl brcHri. and it is therefore of tbe greatest importannelhai in making bread one fibouUl use only those leavening agents which have acquired a high reputation througb long use in ho -sebolde throughout the world Foremost amongst these must' be rcckoued u Bonvick's GoM Medal E^king Powder,' which bad stood the tent in every climate of the world Get it, urn.- it, HDd add your testimony .to that of Ihe million* who nraiue it. Ghosts. — An attempt in '? niade in th old country 10 revive tho belief in visitant from another world, nnd many are the woDder fill stories that fill some of ihejonrnals. The sceptical mind is. however, inclined to adopt SerooRc'a remark to M arley'e ghost : ' How do t know that yon are not a bit of nndigested bread?' for, of all tbo ghost producers, a bitof ' heavy' bread ie tho most potent. It is a won der. therefore, that people do Dot adopt the Barest spell against pbosteby nBing Borwick'e Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread ; for, although it won't 'raise ghosts,' it will tBise bread in the most admiiable fashion. Every wise etoreltoe'por has it by him, and very good hou«ewi»e buy* it. A CaBD. — To bH who are tuff tfng f 0 u the errors and indiscretions of yuth, nervous wesk Deal, early decay, los- o^iu* 1 boo1, to., I will iiwd a recipe thai-will care you, free of charge, Thi-i great remedy was discovered by a miwion *ry in f outh Am-rici. S -n-i a aetf.adlressed envelope and eigpence lo p'fpay postage to 1 the Kev. Joseph T. Inma . Station D, New 1 York City. ' 