CAMlOLA : A GIRL WITH A FORTUNE. BY JUSTIN MCCARTHY, Author of ' illra Misanthrope,' Mid of Attnuc. etc. Chipihe XIX — River or Remorse and Innocence.1 bwmwJ Pilgrim wu tailed from ftterotfl tglot whieh be ted tamed to rctili the river fffflfffi - - Halle, Pilgrim r «. Notnont, is II you r Wby» eextaioly, Pilgrim. too looks little Wrpnged to eeeae? pti i t am s little 6tprieedt Mr. ftlgjtt bttMM Hto HnUmmed. Whit eeeill taltlsld if tatad okea out bis W tti this : 'I am surprised to ioe yog firtog eboot cpealy io your ordinary costume end your owa petron, aeezhg theft yoh are joppwri Jh be fbmoffteis far out of tendon, P JwUltalsB Joseph is still asppond to Fitzureehua." Pilgrim tad never J®. question or said a word about Albanian Joseph, bat he knew perfeeiiy well who Albanian Joseph was, and Bomoot tewbe did. Wfcatlittle plot Mia Pollen sad Bomont had in hand ho oould otgeem, but lie had a togo preseatment JJJ ® ®P®W bhn, he Oould not MR bow, ry % would prows to have eosxne thiA to do tolb Oatoiola Sabine. He kafe# it would be PMpow of good tofetrsdf, but Ms heart J»daUthewutao. Every thought of her JdM. Bo tad not seen tar tinee hot fetal dap when be made nosh a Unstable exhibition of hie madness, end ta dreaded to look her in Ilia fase win. I sm In Fftsaieriiaui again, PUgrim, as 7m we. There is a time foTy Si a now 81ne' 1 wn brytng to te tans fast , yoe up at thahoan? Were yon looking for mtr . J.Nf i I haven't been np at FHxutee Boom; wSLi5e tioth 1 'w®1 lbbkisgfOr you, Pugna. Bnt I am glad to ace jn all the ems. Are we meditating on the Bowing on yohitokedat that abfaing river r enfeeued gaiety InBomont's whiah did not soosps even Pilgrim's btea the Beetocy, Mr. Have yoo heard how Mr. Gowge is getting on? iJ2l i I haven't teen at tat Bcotory, «W»; at hast I didn't go In and I didnl «I I haven't the WMstdooht ttat Mr. fteanefe getting on jwgl Jwuhiiiioet devotodldBids aonld PueeiMy desire. Thai sort of fellow always g»» geottaUti>t,dsnt yeathMkr Whbed by epeohl snugemeat wltb tin irf Sl2? »bat could have inioseT be Bertory and not nake an inqmry. Bomont hid i i&sssnrz;&a;: g"g"W e2S"5S£lfSly5«i, " SrrJl-T yf Wgrtm aplarea % did, !? hovered m the neiibourfaocd bo BtOloty, Ibeuco tbftt m»n or woman f otadenand love eXpcriii5es thrown utterly anajr# " r doio« bers, Pilgrim f You look like a watcher ; as if yea were on the look-cat for something V _ ' I am cm the look oat for temetbirg. Mr. ; perhaps you will think ms absurd ultillyoa.' . i00' J1 doe H matter w&etbtr; I thick you sbettrd cr net? What doee it matter Whether yea are abeurd m net ! Are Ws not all stated, evteJooS of ut , at almost any boar cf the dsy ? I hope to heaven that yoo sn tremendously, is sanely, preposlei ol«Iy abtord, Pilgrim ; beeacso yea will then keep ms all the better in oocm tsnaaon 1 know, at Imat, that yoa won't laugh at vwltn gong to say to yoa.' I don I think I feel much in the Isosfaioo hamoar. Pilgrim ; bat go abed.' 4 soother rime Pilgrim might have paid Miimia atteatton to Bomoat's words and msopiBc, sad , might oven in his humble, uusuHy wap tats pressed for some exx>laea- tMn. JSow .his mind tu absorbed in one thovgta Hs told his thought to Roccont in to few fads as he eoald pat it into. Bomont did not hnrgfa, fcttt shook his head very gravely, Of charts, this is nitre eoojeature, Pilgrim, and there may ta nothicg in it.' 4 Of eouna, cf course, Mr Botcont.' Bat still, Bomont said, I am almost inclised to thihk #lA yob ttat something tad may ta somtsg. Things do look ominous, and I am absurd dten to attach some toportanes totte fsO| ghat the notioa tee Mien sbsrioiiga Bold ofatocr mind. If she 1 do it, here, certainly, "cold ta the likeliest spot. Anyhow, no harm can some of our waiting and watching.' Will yoa keep me company, Mr. Bomont? Of course, I pill I eia |act thinkitg what ah a'4 Bettor do. Look here ; w«Hl get into ono of these little boats. There's one lying off the Old Ferry Inn— we'll get into it and just go out mid-stream and get behind one of the tag barges there, and keep cor eyes fixed on the shore and the chorcb- wall. Makes one feel creepy, doesn't it ? Bat that's the thing to do, yoa may be sure. If the attempt it made here, Pilgrim, we ois save her.' 1 What would you think, Mr. Bomont, now that yott are beta to tag WitMi, if t were to go tech to Mrs. fcifiaaaa's fcoflec asA tell her of oar suspicions, and get tar to Itak after Vinniftf WosldnH thick alfout it at all. Jfiigiim,' Bo, Mr, Bomont f No.' . Not tell the girl's mother and put her cn her ffoard f Oecbinly 001,'Pilgiim.1 Pflgria wasataohstriy dsmbioniided. Ii A to go at once and tell the girl's mother ; not to put tar on taw guard ; pot to have eome restraint used tfth Tinnie ! This wss mar- vellcns. Only hts implicit faith in Romont oooU stand itv' My good feltaw,' Bomont said, don't you ace ttat if this gid is tant en kiBing fcerecif nothing on earth san prevent her trying ? lb go and frightte her matter; and set hoc mother to frighsm hansrartdBc taeetbpStet policy In tta world. It 4hM only come to thii that IntSi would pot off her attempt tb same time sBdy>lase vtaers wn should not ta stsndiug by to prevent hec. The beet thing we oaa do is to let her try heco under our verycyrs.' PJgrim'f breach was almotl taken away. But aoppost te dtet suaeoed in aaviag her? Of oourse we'll cafe heri what fe the matter niui as? If she does come tare the fhttg Is easy ; and if she dcesa't came here then we can't tell where she may go. It is as off dsanoe, but ia a stance ; I thiuk she will come here.' . ' tetet te m to i fa. mtJtMtV Jgbl «h«B onoa the is in woald endure the wcrst tronblee in life to be oat sgiin. If ttay are pou d oat they become ashamed cf tho whelo sffair, the row, and tho aeandal, and the cxporam, and all the mat of it ; and ttay 8®k tack to their betet senses. No ; girls dart often try that sort ot thing a second 1 suppose yon ass right. Mr. Bomont. Ton are tore yoa can save tar r Of oooree; of ooorse. My good fellow, j I wreer saved ahyooe from drpwvringin my Bsf Bomont spoke as If avlng people tram drowning wascoc of the igmmonssg laclilsmaiir nn oxdisazj mAn'a T am sore l tavte dtd,' said Pilgrim, fitted thing you Dcvcr did, Pilgrim. But there's one thing I know yoa can do ; and that is obey orders. Ye?, I can do that.' Very welly then; if scything should happen, if wt should fee anything you had tatter let me tars this business -let me msMge it all, if you don t mind ' Certainly, Mr. Baeacnt. ' I think,I ta a easier hted| dowk yoa know; nafivf Ab shncfdf happen wt rSoel bear in mind that we haven't merely to pre vent the poor thing from eseuicg to any harm Just new, bet wc have to prevent her from cvr trying it on again. Ds you uad&stand; what I mepJn sow. Pilgrim V ' I donk tkxak I do, Mr. Roman ; bat it ; doesn't msrer if yea do. Ill juft taxe my order.' All right ; yoa will aoderrtani. Tbeie was a eiisnae for eotr.e mcmeub!. Notbisg was heard by the two watching men hut the lapping of the water against their own boat and round the taws of the barge UrtMod which tiiej lay sheltered, and the occftriotii! barHng of a dog and the chiosirg of a clock io come bdfrv tower. ( Tea o'clock I If eta la acuEg at all/ Pilgrim sasd ir> a low whisper, 1 eta Wc-lf: he long now. Keep a staip look out, Mr. Bomont : your eight is better than mine.' Why do yoa think it will be soon now ?' She witt wait until ties mother has gone to be.i— that will be before tea.' Oh.' There was another panse, and for a longer time. Pilgrvm ws« growing almost rick with cecfimt aoxitey. Although there wj no moon, riie skies were riogniary clear, and the eye tmvelled far under ttattaminoea atmo sphere. The watchers Peso peering tantroosly oat from behind the shelter #C the barge and tar heavy rodder. Tho lido tea nearly at 1 its height. There mast have bren many feet of water under the old churchyard wall. There was a rather strong running towards London. Hush, said Bomont, in a voice so low that the ripple of the waves wae noise to it. Bis quick eets had eaoght the sound of soma movement like rise ttnoehisg of gravel in the cburehyaxd. Tte tfstei of At efcnroh yard wefe always elotod sf tat there wm a kind 6f rotewir, or hard' eloprog down to the tint parallel with that one of the churchyard waLa which rah from the river inland, and parti of this wall were to low, and the rough roadway mounted in places eo high, ttat anyone coaid easily get over the 11 and in among the graves and tombs. Unquestionably ectoe one tad leaped down from the wall into the ecurrh yard ; and now a hurried, irregular tread could ta beard by the watctars behind the barge. Yes ; it was a girl. Pilgrim had guessed aright. The figure of a woman was plainly seen bow by both the rcec. The woman Cacc to the wall 'vhiih looked ever the river, end stood a fhcrtaht and stared across the waters and up at the sky and hack on the eh arch itself Then she Sing off her bonnet end ehsw! end moanied cn to the will. She stood there one csomcst. and a hiIf:suppre:Eed cry or mesa broke ftcaa her Pilgrim ws about to path off the host and shout to :ha giri to stop ; tut Bomont seirs i him by the shoulder and held him in his place, making at the came time vehement erriuree tef him to keep ouiet. It needed all Pilgrim's confidence in BotschVs judgment to enable htm to keep quiet inch, e moment. ' She will do it,' hie said tojbh own affrighted eoul ; she will do it hi a second while we are wrlhiag tare/. Yes rte wm right ; ebe has done it. Bbe eprtag wildly from the wall ; there w&e; a tplarh and a stifled shriek ; and poor Yionie Tareaist was in the Thamea. . Beep quiet/. raid Bomoat hcrshly to Filgrim ; dt still, don't ktir Mate this to me. He lock the sculls as qaistly as if he were merely ataot to amuse himself with . iate paddle on the river, and gently putegd- the boat away from the shelter of theffaxk barge. Pilgrim covered his face witbfhM' haade t ta could not bear to look up cr.. around him. Bomont stalled the boat lightly . with t£e oarrent, shoctmg several rapid strokes atea, end lookxsg keenly out over his shoulder Use wbie. Now, thro, Pilgrim, here we are V (Httreg oOQragi from Rotnoo t's ccol com- poeari,. Prigrim looked tip, and AAde re»dy to do somftthicg, ta did not kc«ri' what. Bomoot wee ndhg on bis ears and waiting. Suddenly Pilgrim row something eome floating, tabbing, dancing down the stream. It was the tack of a wecun's bead. Be eontd cfie notfiffig btit thxt at first ; it eeemed ifte a cafty-ltaitcd head with he bofly attached. Att light,1 s«d Bcmcsf, in a low, ratefcuring tone, and dupping his seolls, be enpt over Pilgrim to the s era of the teat art put both -his arms nadar , Vinnle's head and held it up by Use i&crt; ourlinghair. Grtch hold of the scoDr, Pilgrim, and paU Eke mad ior the chore. Botpont wae la reality much excited, but taepohe ae oeaqmeedly as if ottthisitet riffniftere happening rtfe&tefjjr;, For the pilgrim i A Wi wdochirtwdlrtiB>i | eoaldnt get the barge ashore. Go ahead. Pilgria wai pVhjrigoui and un heroic awkwarinero. A very few stroke brought them close up to tta Iseehto- plaee jat ucder the charcbyard- Bomont here strpped into the water »od Sited Ybrth out cf it. He was .now itrnmng on the chore holding tar hi Ale acsa hex faifid, eorpse-like face rearing as Im shoaUer. She was still inseniible, tea hi& of life and shivering aii over. Tske off your soa£ Prigrim, and wrap it tigbuy roend tar; wrapit aa if run west wrapping a mammy that Will get ecme heat ot« tar sgta. Good ; very well done. Nter just tofiteft eomehow to get efftbir eoteofmme ; kesv » tend ttes way, Gently ncrv wMk ljaetlifebtt taadalittia. Ttau — there — qwiffliyv n-'f stir tar more than ton can ta%t Hmt'a it ; aU right. Kow wrap my eoat t%ta'y roaa;l tar feet and BuKidf. IjbsuTff ths Wfrj. thcB yco fea-j betser carry tax; this wy, den t joo eee, jus?, as yoa woci-i carry a child. And now w« had better etszt. I'il just make fast the boet-' E-isrcct bad a kind cf idea that when Yiaoie came to and heard whr.s bid hap pened aha weald rather know that eta tad been earned In tlie arms of the elder than of the younger man. Daft moment, P>%rioa/ Bomcxtt em ployed nrs hamUtercfiTef ta dry jgfr he coull Vmnle'ft edfy flair art tar face. Sow, stoop down ; knert down ; aha must hev3 swallowed a lot of water. Hold hsr head jest & Iittl« this way ; yet. that will ce all right.' A little torrent cf water gushed from the girl's mouth as Rstnost had expected that it would, and she sobbed and shuddered con vulsively, opened her eyes once or twice in a sightless way, and sank eff again rasesaible, but evidently relieved. Now, we may go on again ; bat net too fssf. I# she fcry flfcldF I don't think she is so very crddl now, Mr. Romcnt j excspt tax face, pertepe. No mirier about that ; just' keep there coats rosad tar to gbtly a yoa eon. The women won't ta long getting her plenty d hut blankets up at the boose, 1 suppose? ft»Q X run on befere and tell them V ' At what house, Mr. Boos oat? Why at Fiteufto House, to be sure.' But ttafe'e nobody there.' They kept going 63 rtt tk« same, for as yet they had sot reached rise isaro road, and oaly when they got there would it be necessary fox Chech to decide, is tad net occurred to Bomout that ttars eosld be any difficulty sbout carrying the rawrucd girl np to Fitzorse EEouse at Gcce. For a moment he became pssrled .wten Pilgrim intarpesei Ms practical ofcjectian. By Jove ; I never thought of thxt — are there no womerto night up at the house f Not a ghost of a wommn. Afes. PcBsri and tar maid went away hcui-sago.' ' Then there's, nothing for it bnt to take her to the B€ei#r£e Wk cant go into the Old Ferry 'Icn and bava all Fhxareebam piping o2? ta story for the next week, and if we took her home we rhould only frighten her mother into fitr, a d ff id r o cn? else who oould do a hand's turn for the poor staid. The Beotory is a place we have all a elafis > oa ; and there are women enccgh there ' TNsy Were apua trooping briskly aiotig. PHrricn found Hs phrriea! strength ecme in useful to him now. fie was earrying Yionie with as mueh ease and tender carc ae if she were a little rick child. She v3! xtoover, Mr. B-wnoot V he asked plain trvrly, with bis £J3 fixed on the little dark end damp bead that rented oa ha shou'rder, Bscsvtr ? cf coarse she win. Her heart wm beariog nicly A moment ego. Here we i are. She will be io better hfioot tare thaw 1 yosce or mine, Pilgrim/ . At they made for the door of the Beetory, ; Bdtfloni #sft Ibiakisg that he was ears tosre | CamJole, told was wcfnderisg what she would naqr wdtee'c saw this eaddcftl ijiniiies; "nad WMWishiag io hie eeirst ssw tlhif te ,wata:'Ymsie Lsmm&s;'s coviiiAw oa tte off ebarw that Camiols uagkt tevetv dx ebmethfcg for him. , Csapxer 3X-' Trja Nighi— Io Meet i Hess 1 j The Rectory retired YirUfi end her : of rclitioc tatweca at Kcfiwy XM"tfl2" poverty of FtixtBastam, sod the lawn and the gate were sroie tta teene of many aa appro! fee eowoul and fartp nsder varicna distfCaeihg ted profsevfeg-to ta dietreseed booditiedt. Tta ferfxmr, JSkw tta merter PM mlfttrtfft, wegeKiag ftd writ drilled to tta c& Tte fteitte asd fta nrttrese were not at borne Wcse vlanie wm brought in f but Cammtaete Jeaf tcW iqsre tbroe,.asd Jaflefle 'had ' Iwtef drtng a gucd ted of mhtisteri' g to thqpoor and rick lately, and Giariofe tee; way, m qaiek, wool, w&ff; practical m Bomont himrelf. I oatne froaa Ike working lot, yea know. ebe wm food «f «gnp,»srtd€t BWftarrt' hand to anything.' So YinciA fftetently got into bed art swlj stnafrerid taTlte retoiving a siissiimR l> RilfBreioijjtitelJIf# a Btrie dashed in hie pride wteate found toe patent vm wdy POM Flute lAmmto, find owe rertcred to md-tmpet aa Recovering that it was a ease of restore-' ioa fioea drownini? beeome a Lme all over tta r f 1,11 « wlimijte, srt toajteafaaiiiiiify for o«x. IBk ted ; 1 tteortri of atefclTf Ibat Sr ail hsr kicdcawcf taart aod tar £er.crsc« words to tarn ite mtot is tar set, I drspi® aai dislike Mo b m line of tta unlacky t estate® he ted xsetoe of bis ridiculo® foteo. He pictured tahknt ore mind toqrr|priy lingbfirg ta tariff erertar grft'.j, old, step iWptolcrer, He beans to think awvr tta Banna was in tare wish tar, asd this erode bias feel oactj more ani more aAtamed cf bisoaglf sad bis fc'.'j Eo be waedered sfa?ixt loag Isaefy road? i« rprfyh ehame and muery, heartily w :shirg ;hz; ta ; were m the Thames tc remain theffe. Bcasont hccg about the bouse acd tta lan is his wet clothe?, ncS earmq cr knowing whether ttay were wet cr dry. Ha war determined now cct to it av? tta p'ace u .ti! ta bal sputaat to Cvstili and told tat. everything. All day fccgta tad bees ; douiteg a ad feaisafriag tftrop fe te w iiis- fke&sn; in ttepartteimd plajeCted sadly ted ttat (tetete would Lei lees sotirfic- 1 too ia it stiff. Now, however, ae fste seemed to have drives kira whhin ?ta rase dt tha Rerrory, ta wsa C£ term-iced that a:2 tiioaldname cut lad as end ta pet io tta matter one way or tte ottar. Tta ai-s at was as we have cssfl, clear and scf t ; the stare shene in a pt:e deep fc-ae. rives to Romont 'a penarbci tin! tta cdnrro cf the Eocanzcr nigls; air and cf tta H-rhs brei?h from the weet brcogbt a >:sse c- 'nr.zz- After all ttat had been dene is was cot ysi Besrty efetou n'rtovk, Oanaoia faf trtber owa krasbl? air day, asdsome troubler»too. that wer» cot her own. . She had to extents a decision a hoc; Jxnette lAte. Jaaetteted all but cosievesrd to hex that rise wen about to elope wish tar lover, Walter F&zuree;, before her fetter and mother came hart from London. Walter wm eon visaed that Mr, Lisle and Lady LsUtiL would not hear of his proMal for their daughter, end te wm determltad cn carrying off the girt nod marrying hex as once. Jacette implied that te had already made tte necessary arrangements, acd : Ciraiola focnA argument and appeal, ard reoiccrtrence. and passionate loving cuzetity Q:tsrly thrown away upon tte brair. ick girL What was Camtola to do ? The Kret.r and Lady Leta would soft be home until flte night following; Grange, efenlif he eocid be of mseh use, was not near. He had teen persuaded to g> to town to dine quietly with neoaornfefix aim wk« bad joss taen sent back ceftpa&tes; ftsm Egypt, and in csniKgpmta of tte state cf hii tealih he wee toe&y; wUMSs Irkca uusil she racrnicg. Mrs. PoOae wax en at Jteed, Whas wj« ' CtsBtoSa to do? She mst rris.- czovizi wi h aomeocc ; in her despair soe resoivvd vbfo she row Boraoaf enter she hecse that ate would take eonseei with him. Therefore BomcEt, atsasdizg cajtke lawn with hie back to a tree aad his ejsftlcn she tease, saw a figure come firure. tte xqun hail and throevli tte doorway and emt on the | lawn. Hifl hear: beat fart ; far it was Camiola. She was texehesded; sta wai 1; eking for comcritiog. 'The time has eome/ He thought, owfurife i Suddenly she uev Mm asrt hejltof1 wsuld drew back, «ed he wai sAtat to call ty her and xmr SowSs ter, feeYlwf Irst she Iccgtd Tor, dreaded ce$3X2gb&$ might ta lost. Bat wtes rie. saw ASM, ri ellrd t> I him and cams towarffwhda-'yi wrin z and x rpemtisgverj qoirtjy. he- iiW> i-etno cue then, ; ' Tzdds- f 4 Gk,Mr- BewwtJjJ ; I was r nfraid yoa bed gwear i wwalworfipak to yoa eo much.' ? She stopped Md ' frit bef triLMP'-a b bectirg heart. " "" Y> »/ te esii, 'and I want nr- speak te i you, too. i-- i Oh. writ — — I haww eaut ewe .of the tnaidf to poor Mr a. Laxnnae to waken tar op east tiring hot here: Tfet wwrfita best r tiring to do, fea't think 1 Itu ?: neariT i he had to teB her. rsssseenR.1 < Boexvt cf here, ertfirt to/ to do ? Ihavo f «a I Yw. wte am I to do ? Tdl nft. 1 » I "sroa'ttUk "JF \'oa m « I mW ! T Jo 66 yWorid a»x » >— ? | iliirn bllsshmtflfti!! a w«- o . 1 ' 1 ; — fettlpa y to jwaia oo. trton-wcre tnro slfistud oa.diowiol ingtiiqi ir, ! ico: taubfflft-.tofcbl.te. j?: lhr£sw »ioh ft he mratt have" %au rhonfey — omb ' i,. rae TiWjiio " r>:e£L ... I E i- . r. iiii/l htM 0t ,«5 nniSrliKiia cttf 1. otC &to; do liny teWwl'&aiiiMl.tt; risnibilieitoead bii ' i didn't know that; Cflkitoia said; aw<i®men|. ".ilt i!." aia oftodt 3'aitdraii'tknow it ; n&'fou awuhtihr; iittier bf vu, thatxbfe f&feflvinouMri;¥oliet?S bti&ity.;' wvl nww, lifebusbpt, :etn you' nnfFi&iC; XbWcf;imikt be totnethia i Mml to U.' ./ Opi&e; ftl oniTi Willfm Pen kderklod, xitrtiid- hearted crStorb ff feuiif thxt m lbi'ligdr cmj>leti%eff raaies -xBistatcei I Bubpo !3peoflia-& She Xbbugltfctbis follow wis a ewt-df fSuude iroufcrtune, who to"%iiefthtit a bero,%ad arnSiv. nadnitlbat ; sndQien ybe'tias fG#iddtr T believe; that hew totowfeiy bi eHArreltted to bCThm: - band, and she wacted to mekdtahsae bl tbiy ciiualacbgfrhfcl thintanowitiie is begin nh tmpiva apaeataadqub;' ( - j I am so glad I epoke to you, Mr. Bomont. This iBieadfqlrnaph, woise then l ever eod %|va iaaagjpebpt Jnm tfhe nor« ( glgdtoat J wtaa to ypq Nanette muet bc i saved, no matter by Jwhat-nKanaocme what begone hksntbumer mto|igta&nte; i coat. sTXpmiiiBtapw5 io _gid :aVlir. Biole . mtjgage jn anaw«for htt fb-jaight ?,'1 hate so one near me to £«hk.fq ybout itbot yon' — she felt her cbttlywrJbp-rJn;t' as »«!g®"Ssg55j a»@r£ Pip iwtadhfi monsirg. He ibw n here wiw Xidy tkfiiia hetoio yon letjhr sJt encssmakje iehsrt, it psn t X»a ioo , ehct, $n| m&3\. wb must bavb p& p ih» 'if .ye'peadmy cait "" " '" VYejET write. Will yon coestaj;'1 v 'f. . ' .t " 'Ip ; InkqXcrgaipepJh11 for the moEeat.' . Sh| WeipbEttaefi. aifcbougb she . basnet ' thrlilntalnuor what he was goicg jfoteXV her. She hurried away, bat was not icing gose, Shq came hsok with . the letter is tar iy acatkc-a. bou he' ell Rm -asfe. ,1. wilt it by .tid-bye« Xav, Cauiiela, X hath!to|pt»faa'm te&oi;£ \ " Shb ftiffoa itThe : bund other name thue hjm. Kb vci wasAcc&v; and trettf with haolibn.. he .was orawipg eghtalarnc ."v ; ntmbsf impdfmnoeio you ana Io me. . He pat hie, band rcand ha:3 wiiit toff hd it dribly ip'tiott fhe c?uld .notjf if 'away. Indeed, eha did , not fccy ; the, hadiio iiice to pxy thai were e&ming; jkoin kia. Tfoit js he going . to toyj. r,: v; simsmssswk "Wwiiiwwsiitoiii6mii 1 Pcnen cbtfla lie OTiaf gnavely. didn't tHI .RjiJt khbt, JU. faosa ..your ",'pwn swamnocssm'ssi sssftbw- : ' "v-t? ",i tod n— Rto— <3K| HHpteK fopnfl tfcieout indiliw wi|f emei ber h b w mocb depended on it for you an& "foi mji ? -.lit ever ' nbktomlJoitefy to! end, thejr are. jckftfddfdPli'ln' thife; "Tb"inkl what- oof,j lives would .haveheen if we bad not known f wfe notidb Iskeu Candida, ray . laagfjt jtBolSunreFB as » statGc while ne spoke. There Was eitasce yet for one . mcoar t of . nu.iitW- him, fstagcessed "fhe iroxri 05 ii&sdii-; thifj; on 'ihe the paid at IftstA in a, yo:,a/if dhtotuial com- jpourc tod'hpldlihti ; toil tfobped te jkr jtbaifek; tSn;ftSyck, to gtrfo; jpoor girl's secret ? , You ditguiied, y curgeU to 1 U%e. joa ajsa |ktaau . W<e$i v«dl:.lihtbk aft j.be if W6ul bct aye dvne - ' I tared you, ,Bomont eaiA passionately ; I 'had a _|5ghtjtbinoy wtaler you. ioved/ tne or Kt?t. ff I "had tehnd that you uida't, j yen wca'id h&yc; hspl no trouble from jeo ; I would %6ver hiave coiio to obtrude my love ph yoa. What mitter how I came io guess, brto thmk.tjr tohpe thit you io vied iac- ? I 8M|6k ..as Josephjxhs Iljsligf had d chtoc3 -X fipding oat for Certain %bfettanr y to Ihved pio Or nor. Was I allow aoy.jeiuple cf thai kihd.io keep ' tub tpcku 1 kutrrmig that? You oan'i marry Gfedrgfo fjiyto ehec'ttoariy hiai. t leve yoc azd yqu love me ; and ycu bzlocg to msj imd ybtf ' aft iiii.rry :r:0. Bat I want, yoaijo forVe meftrSt ; I do iu|ie©d, Csmiol8, CEtcicla: He rtotr?atcd "her i& hseeeahing ttoesh ttofct itptiltloa of W hsuifi. bye,4 efci toil, iurbiSig away. Par ic btch-' ; fiflr etor. _ "" ' . 'c! you Can't "iiiban that you can't i he sento® v Iives cetijoil a crime. ' 4'!s' Vietasr: to'" like cziosc ; a treachery or a treason. I wonder was ever a pour gfrttoplay'uponhefore V 'OSjinttM; Is folly ; et?eer fcfty, he said, impetisntlyl Thbone thiDg Is, that I love ycu-I fell in ibve wfth you the very first day I raw you ; tod now I have found thet ycu love me. For us two the ret is ncthiug.' . The rest is a great dell for tse/ ehe if id, nfif. " . istiil you Ibvfelmeir ' «I don't believfe r do now—after that,' . eho e aid. At foati. I wiU get over it; I . fill Ickch -fhytlf 61 f o love— any — anyone Jraciiljiyelaytoeucb a part ae that. OSi Mr. mbnl? and ihe tears rufhed to btotiyfs ;yba wtoe ibylierO and my ideal my idol— and nowypu ere cot so any more. 6fi. wfiidjflofrdnlbs"?' - : She p-Jt her hands , over her eyes. He tttokht bfii'wto ; ho put his arm . nmsa fitoitoiS:;, Sh siti' w. :7 Ton wili' to1®ptf _mbv " fc> -11 "fouf eriyj ' iujploringly, aftte a "little tsm?, and whin yon toine to tlflnk tail this over. Tour tart and yqcr love will yxcoBe me and plcfcd for me? rflepiteyto 'iijS "thbte iafir to-iught.; and 15! biiujg Mr/idsle in the morning, and we'll cave pr|lhp|ttb: Goto-night.1 ShE ufctbpcred bet face.' . ,T5sfSrl? 3rou'go;' Bb'6 e£!T; « I cnghi ta VtB "you wfcaf l tnffan to 3o. TwHl tell Gsergic :Ii'5l--.>!rt!iis; " hbha p rifrh! to know. " X win tell htm that I Was1 fopileh eucugb ta make a hero of you end— and— ao3t lo— well, ye?/ to Tore ybu, uiid that you found it htibw aft aboOt it, 111 notf htohow, iftodovi lik?., Ill fell him, tob. thatX like bin; upw belter Ihso T did before, and if he 1131 wlehse to raarry me —Well; he may. I will be his wife.' Of course he will aay ye,' Bcinpnt slid herceSy ; he tnfew qcite wfcll 1K» you didn't love huh; hi kter it aH aloes; he knew t hat yob wtre ccly talked and pestered info engaging y ourself to him — and what aid lie care eb lobg as be tonic! hold ycu to your hrotnire? This mi&efe; no jliff rtoe to 7um, vFfeat " wi'l it inttter ' h's knowtbg ihe jtaame of the man ycu Icve ! He knew there was eoxe eneb hub all the lime Camioli, yeft shall'hitor Mi fry hlin.' " Xf bfe wfll kftve uje/ rtie HIS, 1 will/ m&tfrhxta.; " Goodhyc; kfr. Bfombnl;" is it alitor, t ihto|ht JUU vetoeo different I ' It eretssto me asttlhld lojfctyca altettar : .now? . - r ; XX6fxm rcalTy tfcink py. cfo&to; Ja cc- ' pardonable?. Is there to be no exstoe and eiidrktetb? " _ „ . ;t _ ." ; j It im't about the offence tatoc nrinatden- :Mk«m m9 with a wan toiilef.' bnt about the man nct bcmzlbe skme: not Woo whf bdtho -1 bftb. s in lotoXtwac 1 ; "f _ :wrai;ei Xnerre" TOJMMmDg 'SaC Q olbtar |h the yo&o; toa nNr fro Ibtkd ' o " loi, eo he etizii tar in his strong, well-trained sttpa and held toi Veiling tar; I eesl hto engemeut wito thefe kie. tod bind Vim totanKffol Gb kcd talk ol marry- fmr GetonaTAel-attex tiikt !' Irom tfce Rectery back to PittoftoBBtoee; Bfis helrt eceiijed fecretrbg ; ' hot not from aobtsniress. Kfi; he even inftw w» &> ps «« ffisasw fentfsss ajnatafol Ejtombau icowirawlfirq-kt howautegofw comlorrea acd kept in heart by her;. ;apd gift wanteds xfoo ; to, tal - «toui ,:W»llPr pipette. ; b tt to : wul<j huk igp atobcto htouit thai pour pi tha. mghkA | aibs3toopi>cl hamugl bjiflpma.itoivw joeha|npr...toficight r ,q fe- ;Ppfteu!e eeryat xcmxgq lto»: al : P. 1 iens hotel c exwto tiibody. ,.,lHe. alwayp kapt hw AitaniaB, make up jap»t( the ' dye, for - hifcpMnplatoin tfejyiFiturto, House. r : £?> irptMi topti pape ' ,pf . tiihe : -feu - was , Joieph. ; the waal toii \?kev,twaote(I.Aa.> «®k to . him before leaving. ui Ihe pooreu .of hja quest, he toterto -...the musipitoj whexp' r;i'anfi', r."fal«Rtw, l|#r. : fW?aar. - hpWPfti He obBerv hajMra Pk1 Sl el money was standing on one of thelapif lie took it cp half-uaccngqiously ; it wftsvery heavy. .'"tould'ttalPr.io.ktodh® . chance wasberefto ttfHUaiiesm J|iet « bujglftr if euch petom poujd only gueEg $ha$ the oaskei wtoiDsde beavy by.tbc pf gcdj coim r jb toxucp, tba |hi«f arlwrglap; would not be the possessor of one.pf Mfp Pollen's keys, bat he could manage to get the box open and bepo memastejc of t ite eecrtt.and its treasure,for alt that. Strange ttotat-scch a jBomsst, and with such troubles of his own, Bomont should think of all this ; and yet be did not find himeelf thiokiog that Mrs. Pollen wis very, incautious ; that Fitzuree 3cus0 was almost ai-slaUly unprotected ; xhit cominon report already described is as full of untold treasures ; and that a nocturnal invasion ol it was cue of the likeliest things in sGcix a region. He resolved to talk to Mrs. Pollen shout that too. lIf she will leave money and costly things here toe most have two or three men to afoep ia the house.' . Eaadenly he heard a quiet ; mid steal thy step on the gravel wslk outside the rcueie- room walk Coald jt be Pilgriaa coming, tack? No ; the tread was too light » II. was the tread cf a young mio, and at the came time it w&s; tco . cautious and too creeping. Bimost stood War the great curtain of pearl- grey plash .which hung across the little door opening upon the larrn— :he lUtle sscrei door for Mrs. Poihn and her partveaiar ijdesds, end for wbish each cf ihr friends aid & latch key. He sto -5 there and listened, and at the same time quietly felt for the revolver which, he. carried with him. when be had oa his Albanian dress. The ctep came gliding by op to the door. There was a pause; tbeperspu outbids was apparently listening. Only one man, Bomont thought ; it can't be much of a pat-ap thing anyhow. Soon, to his aur, prise, he hesrd a key put into toe Itok JU was _ then some one cf Mre. Follen'p own particular friends coming to visit her house at that hour ? Cuzious.tbat, surety. There w&s; cot much time for eossidera- tiscu Bomont drew back from the curt&xn; he etood at the table on which ihe casket w&i; placed. The dtorw&s; cpsneA and was care fully, quietly locked again ; the heavy plush ' curtain was cautiously lilted, and WpUer Fitearee caaie into the ream. Th&light; svas ' bo l&iot; that be had tome dote cp to Where Rom opt stood without toeing him. r When be did see him he started back. " ' ' Joseph 1' he exclaimed. . T 'Signor, Joseph replied, etendicg hi his usual Etatoraqae qufotae. with e amoved, nnsurpneod face. Taen Waiter began to ex- tdaih, . in the mcst clear and elemtotsiy \- French he could euxxmca up, suiting it as beat he could to the level cf Joseph's capscH? for bodtoetandihg civilised tcngces, that he . hedconiQ there to get a piece of nads which Mrs. Pollea had pr?zflted bi:a nd to write fcer a letter. He made efgaa iilcsteative to o icrgsn writicg, lo help Joseph farther to a compretanftfon cf his meaaicg. At last J Gscpb eigniflcd that he be dersioed, ami put -pen, ink, .and paper at Walter's disposai, 'making Itai light ir. _ t nit pxjt of the -XQoea i tsuvh stronger at the same rime. Then he bowed respectfully, end silently left the room, and Walter was alone therei (TO EE OOCmSCKP.) 