FLEMINCTON ANTICIPATIONS. By Assicmrxs. Onoo moro has tho nover pausing whirligig o£ timo brought us vii-a-vis with tho groat racing carnival of oach succeeding year, and this after noon Flomington will be at Jilt in celebration ot tho inaugural ceremonies associated there- with. That tho occasion will ho honored with becoming eclat there is no reason to doubt, for although tho valiant Trident blocks tbo way in the matter of speculation on tbo Derby, public interest in tho racing generally promises to bo woll maintained. Tho preliminary doiugs at Hawkesbury, Kandwick and CaulGeld have fairly whetted tho popular nppotite iu this respect, and tho hugo intercolonial considera tions at stake contribute largely to tbo wide spread concern manifested in tbo probable issuo of ovent3. Tho spectacular display for which tho Flcmingtou spring reunion has be come so famous promises to ho more pro nounced then ever in couscqucnco of tho number of "distinguished visitors" expected to graco tho scene. The gubernatorial party will bo a particularly imposing one, for in addition to liis Excellency the Governor and Lady Loch, tho vice-regal box will be honored with tho presence of Lord Carrington, Governor of Few South Wales, and Lady Carrington ; Sir William Robinson, Governor of South Australia; Sir George Strahan, Governor of Tasmauia ; and Admiral Tryon, accompanied by their respec tive suites. Lord Carrington boiug essentially a sporting governor, his recoption will bo as enthusiastic as was that of Sir Horculos Robin son, and when tho beautifully bred Esperanco proceeds to take her preliminary this afternoon, carrying his lordship's bud jacket, the demon stration is bound to be snob as to truly mark the appreciation iu which noble patrons of tbo national pastime are held by tho people of Vic toria. Exactly 10 yoars have elapsed since Ilabena flashod the Zetland spots first past tho post for tho great 2-year-old event of tho year, and it would bo a peculiar, as well as gratify ing, coincidence woro Esporanco to prove equal to appropriating tho coveted houor3 to-day. Ono thing is certain, namely, that history could not possibly ropcat Itself in a manner that would find moro favor with the people en masse. Having said so much by way of a preliminary canter, it behoves me to at once settle down with tho important business on hand. Xt is indeed a timo of prophetical tribulation, and were it not that tho gods who inspire these columns have of late been uncommonly liberal in tho bestowal of favors, I would fain shrink from donning the lipsteriui turban upon an occasion like tho present, ffow- ovor, tho task must bo tackled by hook or by crook, and tho sooner I take tho hull by tho horns tho hotter. Tho orchestral music will, as usual, play to tho tunoof tho time-houorod Afelhourno Stakes. With such celebrities as Shoot Anchor, Graco Darling, Boolka, William Tell and Isonomy, representing the older division, and Volcano, Tamarisk, Acme, Bravo, Lord William, Kiugfish and Crossfire, eligiblo on behalf of tho rising performers, an interest ing contost is vouchsafed. In addition to tho foregoing, tho race may bo enhanced by tho presouco of performers like Duulop, Silvermine, and Industry, oaoh of which aro animals of un doubted superiority. It always requires araco- horso of the first water to win the Melbourne Stakes, and it is plain it will tako a porformor of 110 ordinary calibro to provo victorious on the present occasion. Isonomy is bound to run a great horso undor any circumstances, and what- ovor beats him will win. Industry, who has suc ceeded Corise and Bluo as the champion mure of Now South Wales, may glvo us a taste of her quality ; still I would stand a moderately good three-yoar-old to boat her in a contost of this description. Provided Trident continues to keep woll, tho last named division will prefer to try their luck in tho Melbourne Stakes rather than face the chestnut demon, but I will elect to discard the best of them in favor of ISONOMY, next to whom Silvermine, Sheet Anchor and the pick of the 3-year-olds, probably Crossfire, may occupy the most prominont berths. Several Melbourne Cup candidates are nominated for tho Hotham Handicap, but as tho winuing thereof would entail a 7 lb. penalty, I doubt whether horsos like Little John, Silver- mine, Ben Bolt, Britisher, Silver King, Hexham and Affluence will care to incur the same. But for this consideration I would bo quite prepared to seo tho winner turn up from amongst tho foreuamed ; still ono must bo guided by circum stances, hence I shall risk a selection in favor of the favored ono of the Kensington stable, FIRST PRINCE or RINGMASTER. the chosen of which may have cause to appre hend most danger from Browu and l'oso and Claptrap. The Sfaribyrnong Plate field will be made up from the following PROBABLE STARTERS. Colts, 8 st 10 llj.; allies, 8 st, 5 ll>, Horse Jockey. AEi-.r.ix.r.x, 1) c, by Chester— GoMflncH (lime, white sleeves, blno nnd white can) Ellis Aj.ui:i:t Lotmo.v, br c, by Ihipldlty— Eu genie (blue, white sleeves, black cap) . . Brown Bitnoctx, br c. by Herri well— Black (ilp.y (bmck. white sash ami cop) ,, ,. Power tEcKtliseuv, Lr g, by Marlbyrnong— Jessa- inluo (white, black sleeves and cap) . . Colley Escl'tchkox, br e, by Musket— nosette (French grey and cerise) M. O'Brien Essex, b c, by Sussex— Little Lady (blue, white sleeves, blue nnd white cap , . A. Williams Esi- eraxce, br f, by Grand Flaneur— Fair Alice (bun jacket, bluo cap) .. .. Whiting IIoutkssk, br f, by Gong Fonvnid— Josephine (purple, orange sleeves and „CI1PI Campbell lIutmxGiowEii, br c, by Darcb'.n— Atlio- line (orange and while hoops, wiiltc cap) Kelso Jebcsite, br c, by Darrlwell— Tyiopcan (cardinal, bluo cap) Williamson Lava, br f, by Chester— Etna (blue, white alcoves, blue and white cap) .. .. Hales Lovaust, br c, b)- The Marquis— Loyal l'eevess (purple, gold cap) J. Walker Matamua, b c, by Darrlwell— Emily F althful (gold, blue sleeves, white cap) . . W. Hughes Miuaxpa, b (. by Mm- lbvrnong — The Fawn (nil orange) ,. .. Robertson Mistletoe, b f, by Ilosworth — Star of Love (primrose and rose stripes, rose cap) . . rubles Ockaxa, br f, by St Albans— Idalia (orange and while hoops, white cap) . . llltcy Fkuuaps, b f, by Gang Forward— l'erad- veistnro (white, black clip) .. Ouiiin Incurred 14 lb penalty, f Allowed 5 lb. Ever since (ho beautiful Palmyra asserted her superiority in 1879, Mr. James IVhlte has succeeded in winning every olternato Maribyr- noug Plate, making in all four victories iu sevan years, Thoro may bo soma significance in the fact that tho present is the " off " year in this respect, but be this as it may, the proprietor of Kirkbam will as usual ha strongly represented. Although public form did not favor tho opinion that Sumatra or I'ontifex would provo equal to the occasion, it would bo extremely hazardous to apply a similar remark to tho Chester repre sentatives, Aberdeen and Lava, the lirst-nnmed of which is from Goldfinch, dam of Morpeth and Hexham, and tho laltor, as her name im plies, a daughter of Etua, the dam of Volcano aud sister to Woodlands, llecla, Bathurst and Aberfoylo. Neither of theso youngsters have as yet inado their bow to the publio, but the plain fact of thoir debut being reserved for the Mnribyrnong Plato is sufficient to creato a feel ing of respect for whichever proves the better of tho twain. In this relationship it would be woll to remember that Puhnyra, Segcnhoe nnd Iolauthc were similarly withheld. An un commonly taking filly is Lava, one who has all tho appearance of boiug a flyer, and, if I mis take not, tho flower of the team, albeit certain of the touts iuclino to Aberdeen. Tho Messrs. Cooper will bo imposingly represented by Miranda, Huutingtower and Oceana, a trio who averaged over 1000 guineas each as yearlings. Miranda claims to bo a full sister to Palmyra, Richmond, Ilosworth, Warwick and Segenlioe, but tho moro recent representatives of tho famous Maribyrnoug- ciini-Tho Fawn alliance hnvc failed to maintain tho family prestige, and there aro those who think that Miranda may have inherited tho supposed deterioration. They point to tho fact of her running nowhere to Yetman iu the Rich mond Stakes, but I placo no importance on that performance, as she was very backward in hor preparation. Sho has since im proved beyond measure, aud, besides being a swcot goer, is ono of tho handsomest two-year-old3 in training. For my own part, X have contracted a decided liking for Miranda, and fully expect to see her finish iu tho first flight, if not absolutely wiu. Huutingtower and Oceana have yet to make their opening ap pearance, and I know nothing of either to war rant tho anticipation that ono or tho other is going to pull off" the big event. Essex, Escut cheon, Ksporoncc, Loyalist aud Matamua also belong to tho unknown division, hut not so Albert Loddon, Bedouin and Jebusite, all of which have performed indifferently, and should be held safo by Ilortenso, Mistlotoo, Eekersley and Perhaps, whose performances aro of a much higher order. Horlcase has incurred a 14 lb. ponalty for winning tho Canlfield Foal Stakes, and clinking filly though sho undoubtedly is, I don't think sho will bo able to mako this concession to tho best of her opponents. Eckersloy showed a bit of form when he won tho Two-year-old Stakes, at Hawkesbury, hut ho heat nothing of note, and subsequently failed to distinguish himself in the Riohmond Slakes, at Handwick. Perhaps, who ran a dead heat with Yetman for second place at Caulfiold, is considerably superior to Probation, who won her maiden laurels at Mooneo Valley last Satur day, and I would prefer her to Hortense. A can didate I eutertaiu tho utmost respect for is Mistletoe, who won the Sapling Stakes at tho Mclbourno Hunt Club meeting, beating Ilor- tense nt a difference of only 1 lb. To como to the point, I shnll select four against the field to fill tho places of honor, and they aro Lava, Mi randa, Mistlotoo and Perhaps. To abide by a siuglehaudcd representative, 1 must declare in favor of LAVA, who may ho escorted homo by Mistletoe, Perhaps and Miranda. Tho rich 2-year-old prize will 110 sooner have been determined than attention will be directed to the Derby, tho field for which will be made up from the undermentioned : — PROBABLE STARTERS. Colts, 8 St. 10 lb.; filUcs, 8 St. 5 lb. Horse. Jockey. Acmb, br f, by Chester — Princess Maud (bluo, white sleeves, blue nml white cap) lluxlcy Agla05, cli c, by Apreraont — Aglaia (red, yellow and white hoops, red cap) .. rower CnnsitAM, cli c, by Grand Flaneur — Lady Chester (orange and white hoops, white cap) Robertson First Cosset, b c, by Gang Forward— Josephine (white, red sleeves and cap),, M, O'Brien Kissfisu, b c, by PJacatorlous— l'attarina _ (French grey nnd cerise) Kelso Kiora, br e, by Mnribyrnong — Housemaid (gold, blue sleeves, white cap) .. , Hughes Maudrlixa, ch f, by Kcckcrsgat — Meg Mcrrilles (white, black sleeves nnd cap) Colley Teiiiknt, ch c, by Robinson Crusoe— Cocoa- nut (blue, white sleeves, bluo and white cap) Hates Volcano, br g, by Chester— Etna (blue, white sleeves, blue and whllo cap) . . Ellis Allowed 3 lb. After perusing the forogoing list tho first thing that suggests itself to my mind is the idea that with Trident out of the way what a remarkably opon Derby it would be. True, but then Trident is not out of tho road, neither is ho likely to bo, and while he continues to block tho gangway so long will the race be voted at his mercy and public interest in tho Bame ren dered insignificant. Inasmuch as the great three- year-old event of the season appears to be a matter of health for the son of Robinson Crusoe, it would bo a waste of timo and space to comment nt length on tho individual chances of hie probable oppononts. Wore Tridont, however, destinod to be bowled over, tho public would only ho made to swallow a bitter pill, tho taste of which has become familiar by tho previous downfalls of such idolised blue ribbon favorites as Nowminster, His Lordship, Archio and Bargo. The Nowstead episode of last year is also fresh to memory ; but notwithstanding disastrous Derby experiences that can thus ho recounted, the desiro to befriend the ruliug idol will be greater than ever this afternoon. On publio form he is undoubtedly deserving of the strong preference evinced for him. Ho has proved himself a long way in advanco of every horso of his ago who has appeared on n racecourse this season, and if he is doomed to have his standard lowered it must be at the bauds of Volcano, Maddelina or Chesham, these being the only competitors possessing a chance of displacing the favorite iu case of an acci dent ; but all going well this afternoon I shall antioipato au easy victory on the part of TRIDENT, in whose wake the struggle for places may rest between Volcano and Maddelina, Were the pick of the candidates to face the flag for the Selling Race they would represent tho best field of platers brought together this season, but I expect to see a great falling off by the timo tho sweepstake has to be posted. Of the 31 horses nominated THE GHOST claims precedence on the score of performances, and uoxt to tho ungainly looking chestuut, my choice would rest between Stafford and Mr. Oxenham's host, Ellington or Toronto. To-day's racing will concludo with the Coburg Stakos, an event 1 shall assign to ST. JOHN, who may experience most trouble from Gold- lake or Newmaster. Tbo Hurdle Race will inaugurate proceedings on Cup day (Tuesday), aud although the field pro mises to bo of restricted dimensions, the de ficiency in numbers tnay bo compensated iu the matter of quality. The presence of the two New South Wales cracks, Catoola and Tho Agent, would considerably enhance the character of lite contest, and were they to put in nu appearance it would not sur prise me to seo tho big guns fight out tho issue with the chosen of tho over daugerous Dowling Forest brigade, who possess three capable representatives iu Iluntsmau, Sir Launcolot and Bluo Mountain. Ocean would also provo troublesome woro he to re-appear in bis Grand National form, albeit his recent be havior at Caulfield was not of n description cal culated to inspire confidence. To make a cast for tho probablo winner, I am induced to look in tho direction of Seobio's stable, and whichevez has tho preference — BLUE MOUNTAIN or SIR LAUNCELOT — I shall remain content to follow suit The Agent and Ocean should finish in tho front rank if in their best form. The Marihyrnoug Plato usually provides a reliable key to tho Kensington Stakes, and pending tho decision of the great two-year-old event, I need not venture further than remark that on proseut form the prize looks like goiug to SUNSHADE or MISTLETOE. We now como to the great event of the moot ing, the Melbourno Cup, for which there pro mises to ho a largo field, made up from tho following ri'.OBABLE STARTERS. Horse. «t. lb. Jockov. Malca, l> li, by St. Albans— Etlclln (blue, crimson sash mul cup), aged 10 0 Bafly CoMMonos, b li. by Panic- Evening Star (black, white sash and cap), nged .. ..0 8 Tower Tur.tiros", b h, by Muakct— Frailly (all orange), 5 yrs 9 5 Robertson Siiznr Auction, br li, by St. Al bans— Quecu Mary (green and whltostrlpes, red cap), aged .. 9 0 Colley Graci: Darling, clt in, by The Diver— Zoo (geranium, gold Bash nnd cap), agud .. ,. 8 11 J. William) tlsouoMY, li h, by Wlnlerlako— liuby (gold and black stripes), 4 yrs 8 1 Qulnn Monti: Christo, k li, by Chester —Kathleen tbluo, white alcoves, blue aud white cap 8 3 Ellis BonmiiAS. hr h, by Maribyrnong — Nina (scarlet, black cap), 5 yrs, 8 0 R. Bcuco IlRtrisitsn, b g, by John Bull— Favorito (given, whito stripes, red cup), ajjctl 1 3 rdllou 5M»:Tnon. br h, by St. Albans— Dccopticii(whito, bluckslccres, red cap), C yrs. . . » 7 11 Moore Poor.KA, br h, by Glorious— F.rld. got (red ami white body, whllo sleeves ami cap), nge.l.. 7 10 Olds SiisYKUMiXE, bl; It, by Nnpolcou— Sllverholr (old gold, purplo sash), 5 yrs. .. .. 7 10 M'Grailo Pkn" Uoi.t, b h, by Ncwbold— tally ItaMwhi (scarlet nml blaelihooM. scarlet cap), 5 yu. 7 10 Horse. st. lb. Jockey. fKitAWA, br h, by Manuka— ' Aurora (cardinal, bluo cap), 4 yrs. 7 9 W. Davis Silver King, bh, by First King— Senorira (crimson, white sleeves end cap), 5 yrs 7 8 J. Goueli Lancer, b g, by Westminster— Linnet (maroon, straw sash and cap). 6 yrs 7 8 F. Smith . Cvcloi'S, b h, by Sfc. Albans— Joweas (crimson jacket, purplo sleeves and cap), 4 yrs. ..7 7 WilliamsO tjudent, cb c, by Koblnson Cru- aoc— Cocoanut (blue, whito sleeves, blue and white cap), 3 „ 7 7 Hales. Quintin ch h, by Tubal Cain— I'rldo (black jacket, yel low sleeves nnd cap), aged 7 S Wslkci Arsenal, br h, by Uoldabrongh —Powder (maroon, cream ' slccrcs), 4 yrs ,» 7 4 English Maduf.lina, ch f, by Keekers 1 eat— Meg Mcrrilles (white, black sleeves and cap), 3 yrs.. ? 3 Hughes Mrial, b h, by Tubal Cnln— , Stockrosc (cardinal, white 1 sleeves nnd cap), 5 yrs.. .. 7 2 Sanders Cromfip.e, br f, by GoUisbrough i —Powder (white, black sleeves » and cap), 3 yrs 7 1 J. Bcncf Lusma, br m, by Tim Whifflcr (imp.)— Peerless (white, rod i collar, cuffs and cup), aged .. 6 11 Hulchetk Recall, h h, by Tho Drummer— Urochetto (black jacket, red cap), 4 yrs, .. .. .. 6 11 M'AuliffO Mr am. King, br g, bv King Colo —Queen of the forest (red, black sash and cap), 4 yrs. ,. G 9 Fielder Salvo, ch h, by Somnus— StellA (Wuo. Climson stars), 5 yrs. ..6 9 Wilkinson.' Lord \\\ ii.mah, ch c, by Grand Flaneur— Kim (mauve, hlsck cap), 3 6 9 C. Gcucll. Liitlk Jons, br h, by Ilnmlet— Slald of llio Mount (blue, rod .mn.d,.hl.t<'':?,VG>'", -;' " 0 7 Crackncll fllRAi o, be, by Grand Flaneur— The Orphan (tnrtan, blue cap), 3 yrs eg a rail Arn.ulnck, bh, by Wtntcrlakc— Success (green jacket, red sleeves and cap), 4 yrs. .. e 0 Tomliu I' tsit o' Silver, bk h, by Angler— Nevada (white, red Biceves and , cap), 4 yrs. .. .. ..6 0 Bruce llLXHAU, ch ft, by Goldsbrough— Goldfinch (blue, white slcercs, blue nnd whito cap), 4 yrs. .. 6 5 Huxley Ktsonsir, b c, by PucatorJous— Yattorlna, 3 yrs. (French grey) 6 0 Lomrford Highland Chief, b h, by Ka- p.deon— Southern Cross (blue, claret .slccvc3 and cap;, 4 yrs... 6 0 Gorrv Mknoiti. br c, by Darrlwell— Koinutn (white, red sleeves and cap) . 3 vrs. .. .. .. 6 0 Johnston Jack Roacii, bk g, by Silence— Rosebud, s yrs 6 0 Morrison . ' lb- penally. 7 lb. penally. J 5 lb. penalty I t 3 lb. penalty. Mighty performer though Malua has proved himself, I doubt his ability to successfully accomplish tho herculean task uow set him, albeit bo can safely bo relied on to silence the wholo of tho non-stayiug contingent, a class who appear to ho moro numerously represented than in former Cup contests. Commotion, 9 st, 91b., at his best would command respect, for this i3 3 lb. less than whoa he ran second to Malua in 1884, aud G lb. below the impost he successfully struggled into a placowith tho pro- coding year. I doubt, however, whether Tamo's most illustrious sou is the Commotion of old, in addition to which, hi3 favorite leg ha3 recently troubled him to an extent sufficient to prevont Mr. Dakin giving him a genuine preparation. Trenton is another horse whoso preparatory studies have been soriously interfered with in consequence of a suspicious leg, Iu fact, his case wa3 considered hopeless when ho pulled up " lamo all round" after tho race for the Spring Stakes at Raudtvick ; but Lamond has spared no pain3 to patch up tho Maorilander, and, thanks to the soft condition of the turf siuco his arrival at head quarters, he has restored the son of Musket sufficiently to flatter both himself aud Mr. Cooper with the idea that they possess an undeniable cbauce of taking tho honors across the Murray. i am not disposed to sharo tho opinion of his owner nnd trainor, for tho plain reason that i am ad verse to countenancing the claims of any candi date so doad amis3 as was Trenton five weeks ago. Stayer and woight-earrier though he be, Sheet Anchor's victory last year was too close a thing to warrant tho anticipation that lie is equal to repeating the trick with 17 lb. moro in tho saddle. A similar remark applies to Graco Darling, who has to put tip 13 lb. more than when she suffered a head defeat by Sheet Anchor. The 5 lb. penalty incurred by Isonomy has brought tho Mooneo Valley hero's weight to 8 st. 3 lb., by no moans a crushing burden for a tip-top 4-year-old of his credentials. Of his pacs thoro has recently been ample proof, but thero is no similar warranty respecting his ability to successfully negotiate the Cup course, and for this reason i would not feol justified iu giviug him tho pre ference over horsos who have afforded better proof of their staying qualifications. Monte Christo may reasonably he expected to piny second fiddle to his stablo companions Tridont and Hoxhnm. Bohemian has 13 lb. more to carry thau whou he struggled homo a head iu advanco of The Jewel for tbo Metro politan, and us the field opposed to him is of superior calibro to the one be encountered at Randwick i do not expect a repetition of the porformane'e. Britisher should ho held safo by bolli Bun Bolt and Silvermine on their Caulfield running, and I would much prefer Meteor, who must necessarily possess a rare look-in provided ho has thoroughly recovored from the ill effect of his unpleasant experiences during tho Randwick campaign. But for the accident ho mot with in the Welter Handicap ha would have hold a heavy lien on the stake, and even now I would esteem this sterling ropresentativo of St. Albans with tho utmost respect were the Ivingstonites to institute a genuine market demonstration on his behalf. Boolka ran like a nou-stayor in the Caulfield Cup, nnd i have a much moro favorable opinion of Silvormiuc, whoso undoubted brilliancy aud staying power must invest him with a chance of amending past defeats. He i3 ouo of tho few animals I expect to see stny the course, and as ho promises to strip a fitter horso than at Caulfield he is bound to como homo in tho first flight. On tho strength of his Caulfiold Cup victory Bon Bolt promises to ho hard to beat, and as stamina is thought to ho his forte, there aro those who thiuk ho will acliiero an easier triumph over tho Flemiugton ground, where he_ will ho well suited hv the long racing stretches peculiar to tho course. Kitawa is not olass enough tor Mclbourno Cup company, aud Silver King has been go long on the Bhelf that thero 'la no knowing what kind of form he is in. lancer accomplished a good performance when he won the last Hawkesbury Autumn Handi cap carrying 7 at., but ho has since run in differently, and I know nothing of him to justify a recommendation in his favor. Cyclops' premier performance was running second to Matchlock in the last Champion Stakes, and the figure he cut on that occasion was sufficient to prompt the opinion that he will win an im portant race sooiior or later, though I doubt whether he will distinguish himself yet awhile. In anticipation of Trident's victory to day it would be tho height of inconsistency to ignore his Cup prospects, but the ways of Derby winners are, as a rule, so hard in the Melbourne Cup that I have no desire to joiu the public furore on behalf of Mr. White's colt, ft Is no secret, however, that tho stable estimate him to bo as good a horse as Martini- Henry, and provided this valuation is correct it will take nothing short of a real flier to stop liira from winning for Mr. White his third Mel bourne Cupi For all this, ho is bound to ex perience an exceptionally perilous timo of it in so largo a field, more particularly as itisnotim- probable that there will boa few horses started for the express purpose'of rendering the journey as uncomfortable as possible for him. Last year Hales complained of having a particularly rough passage on Nordenfeldt, and it is more than likely that he will experience a repitition of "bumps" and "blocks" .on tho impending occasion. We have yet to learn that Quintin Matsep can Btay ; while of Arsenal, ho has never done anything to regard him as a pro bable winner. I entertain no fancy for cither Maddclina or Crossfire : neither do I think that the big prize is likely to fall to tho lot of such cattle as King's Own, liecall, Lesbia, Salvo, Fish o' Silver, Menotti or Jack Eoacli. Metal's best effort was running third to Britisher in tho Veteran Stakes, at Flemington, when in receipt of a stone from tho Dowling Forest horse. Ho has since improved wonderfully, and being a thoroughly matured 5-year-old, by Tubal Cain from Stockrose, it is quite possible for him to create a surprise. Another dark candi date is Myall King, 4 years, by King Cole — Queen of the Forest, trained by that wily turf tactician, J. Mayo, who has, possibly come over on no fool's errand, and, may be, ho in tends being amply avenged on his Hawkesbury and Randwick ' defeats at the hands of the Victorian representatives, Meteor, and Bohemian. Myall King is let loose at 6 st. 91b., and as he won three races last season it is quite on tho cards that he is possessed of tho necessary quality to annex the Cup. No better trial nag than The Jewel is needed, and there are more unlikely things than thatMayo will come to the rescue of the ring men in the same ' manner as he has dono on previous occasions. Lord William I take to bo a better stayer than Bravo, although scarcely good enough to supply the winner, even with his favorable impost of 6 st. 9 lb. Little John, 6 St. 7 lb., is far and away tho best handicapped horse of the whole fleet, and besides being a tried stayer his gameness is beyond suspicion, and whatever beats him will all but win. Affluence is anotber favorably treated candi date, but at the timo of writing he is under a cloud. Hexham's performances are of a very indifferent character, and despite the market movements in his favor I am adverse to favoring a horse who has no public credentials torecommend him. Highland Chief will require to show much better form than at Caulfleld to get anywhere near tho front, and Kingfisli will, I opine, bo held safe by some of tho other 3-year-olds. This exhausts the list of candidates, and nothing remains but the summing up. In estimating the probable issue of events, ono is naturally inclined to repose con fidence in those horses who have publicly proved their ability to compass a distance of ground, and tho best qualified in tbis respect are Malua, Commotion, Trenton, Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling, Bohemian, Cyclops, Britisher, Silvermine, Lancer, Trident, Meteor, Ben Bolt, Isonomy, Lord William and Littlo John. For reasons named I incline to the belief that Trident, Silvermino, Littlo John, Ben Bolt, Meteor and Isonomy are tho best of the foregoing, and they aro the half dozen horses I expect to see play the most con spicuous parts in the ensuing struggle. With ordinary luck in the race Trident will, of course, take an immensity of beating, and to him and the pick of the elder division, Little John or Bilvermine, the final duel may revert. To stand er fall by one shot at the target, I shall name LITTLE JOHN as my solo representative, leaving the battle for places to be fought out by Silvermine, Ben Bolt and Trident. If anything is destined to drop from tho clouds by way of a surprise, it tuny prove to be Meteor or Arsenal. 