15(i asrh Tyoutq A schoolboy, when asked o defino "Isw suit," lquickly repliead, - ThLe things a police man wears An effsctive table ornament now in vogue is produced by capsising a cup of tea or cff~e& . Tne design is g-nalS y U an artistic one. o ncle : "I hear you t.ke danlino= slssos; how do you like wa-t.ing " lephew : Oh, very much But the lady is always in my cray.'" l',se.ets of old colnsenr vow very fashion a:le; but the attempt t tte at a pair of handcuffs, for renl durability, will always be a fiaure. There was nothing conceited about that gallant British ,oldibr who frlnkly confessed that he could beat anybody or anythihng~ except a retreat. At Shool--Teacher of Noaural IIistory: "Now tell me which of the animals displays the greatest attachmenn to man ?" Pupil: SThe leech, Signor Pofessore." In Genoa the policemen wear silk hats and carry silver-headed walking sticks. Genos seems to be the only place where a police man can look as big as he feels. An old maid in Aintree, being at a loss for a pin-cushion, made use of an onion. On the following morning she found all the needles had tears in their eyes. An inexperienced policeman was sent the other day to arrest one George Llewellyn, alias Brown. He returned with Llewellyn, but reported that Alias Brown had escaped him and fled. " You have plenty of reading here," said a visitor to the Leditor of a literary journal, pointing to a pile of books on the edlitorial dask. "Those are not for reuling," replied the editor; "those are for revicawing." A Family Likenoas--Some time ago a negro spied a black poodle on board a steamer, and melted into tenrs at the sight. When asked the reason he 3nawcred, sobbing and pointing to the dog: "Ah I how like my poor sister 1" In Richmond Church, Surrey, is an epi taph on a certain Robert Lewis, who died in 1840, " and who was," says the epitaph, "such a lover of peace that when a conten tion began to arise between life and death he yieldedl up the ghost to end the dispute." Sundays and Week-d.ays.-fltsl of Dc tartncnt (severelytoclerk): "l Iwi'it, Herr 11iiller, you were away Irn the olicet all day on WeVlnesday last" " ".1 w:as ill, sir," was the timid reply. " Illon a weak-'Ly 1" thundered the chief; "pr 'y swhat do you do on Sundays 1" If your friend meets with adversity do not offend him by asking for particulars. His neighbor will be glad to tell you all. Thus you not only avoid offending your friend, but you gice pleasure to his noighlbor. Two housemaids, strlling past a brie-a, brae shop, poaused to lo-k at two chalndeliers in the window-a line eighteen-bnrneh one and one of three brsnches. "' ihich do yon like best ?" uasked ths younsgcr maid. " Th three brhnches," replied the veteran; "it's easier cleaned." Among the Chinecs no relies are moro valuable than the bhots that have been worn by a magistrate. If he resigns an, leaves the city a crowd accompanies him from his residence to the gates, where his boots ame drawn off with g?eat ceremony, to be pre served in the hall of justice. A society has bean formed to prevent people from being buried alive. If the people whom it is propce?d to bury alive acre young poets, practical jokers, awl the fiends who rome up behind you and slap your hat down over your eyes, the society is bound to grow very nmpopular. It has no busines to interfere in such a commenlable work. MIexican Actor (to playwright): "You touch up plays, I understand; introduce new plays, and that sort of thing ." Playwright: "Oh, yes." Actor: "Xery welL i'm going into Missouri next week with ' HIamlet.' and Iwant you to re-write the play so as to bring in two bloodhounds and a baby." "Worse luck too," says Mrs. Biddlecombe, who, having to go out early on a frosty morning, came a cropper. "Let's help yoe up, mum," said a nasty, impernt fellow; "hlere`a a bobby a-ommin', and they don't allow slidin' on the pavement." A simpl, fellow once said of a famouns beauty, ""I could have courted and married her easy enough, if I'd wanted to." " And pray whly didn't you?" asked his friend. S"Oh, sheen I proposedl to her, you see,she took me on one ride and politely asked to be excns.d, andso I excused her." A rcdler in a cintifie journal asks n" How to clean out boilers." It is the easiest thing in the worhL Simply let the water get to, low, and the steam too high, and the boiler will not only be "e?vleaned" out with remark. able impetuosity, but pretty much cvcry thing cle in its immediate ricinity with it It neser fails. "i think, ma," said young Bobby at the breaklfast-table, "that IMr. Featherly finds it rather expensive calling on Clars." " What do you mean by that, young man ?' inter posed his sister, with asperity. " 1 don'tmea: nothin by it," replied Bohby, doggedly; " only I hsard him tell yon in the hall last night that every time he called on you he broke the glass of his watch." "Good- morningI Congraotutulions--hbenrty congratulations '" Thusa man to his neigi - bor. "What for 7l" was the astonishd in quiry. "What have I done!' " Why I heard you haul twins born to you Lst night.' " It's all a mistake; that was Rfiinson, next door:' "Well, well; th.n it ;.vasnt you I declare, you are to be congratulated in Among the advertisements in a German paper appeared the following: - The gentl' man who found a purse with money min tl e Blumenstrasse is requested to forward it to the address of the loser, as he is recognised." A few days afterwards the reply was in serted: "The reco"nised gentlem?n who picked up a purse in the Blnmenstraso re quests the loser to call at his house." Two Dublin Jarveys were recently racing up the quaFys after the arrival of the London mail-train. They ran a dead heat to the first drawbridge, where they collidec:i One of the animals fell, and the fare-an English gentleman-was precipitated into the water. After he had been with some difficulty rescued by the bystanders, and was just regaining consciousness, the jarvey ap proached, and reassuringly observed, "All roight, sir. Get up agin, the mares not hurted I" A woman ran out of the house one morn ing crying "fire" as loud as she could yell. A pedestrian, who was pasuing by, sprang ulp. the steps and into the hall, and being unabl-.-' to see or smell smoke, he turnedl to th.: gaping and excited woman and asked : "Where is thefire ? I can'tsee any signs cf one." "I-I didn't mean fire I --I meat murder I" she replied. "Is there a man in the house " "No, sir." "Who tried to murder you 1" "Oh, I didn't mean muerdcr; but the awfullest, biggest rat yoo ever t-t eyes on chaced our cat across the kitchen." It isso nice to have a high-sounding name for a thing. Hereafter, when lrs, Ear l-up leaves the flatirons in the temporary charge of an avuncular relative, she won't call it "spouting," or "popping," or "pawning " them. Oh, no. She willsnay she has" hype thecated" them. That's the term a dis tinguished insolvent has introdnuced in coe nection with these little financial trans actions, and thereal gain which the word will prove to society ought, in part, to compen sate for the loss of one of its most brilliant omnaments The dramatic critic who said there was too much bhstle on the stage might havve dd and in the audience too. 