IRoveltst. 'DORA DUNBAR.' AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. 'BY M O H A.' i CHAPTER 'XV;— r{Conlinued.) ?' ? . . Sometimes, in ft forgetful frame, we turn to her room as in days of yoro, for iadvice and encouragement, only to be confronted^ by ; her. vacant co'uoh. ... V ?And, in the wet cold nights that follow, now hard ife seems to shut her out in the rain and darkness, while we gathor round the hearth, even though wo know it is but the ? Bhell and tho casket lying there— that the pearl, tho preoious gem, it held is safe in ? ^ „ God's keeping. . CHAPTER XYI. Ic ia little more than forty-eight hours after burying our dead, that the final blow falls. ' ' I am sitting beside tho dining-room fire, . listlessly looking into its depths, and thinking half-bitterly, half regretfully of Norton \- Fowler's sharo in my past, thinking what . . comfort I might have derived from his love , during these dark, dark days, had ho been true to his better nature, when the chief sud i denly enters, his face ghastly and horror' \- 8tncken,4and tosses to Ag, whoso presence I had been almost oblivious of, a telegram form. ? ? . ?' Misfortunes never, como singly I he ' groans, striding out of tho room, without another word ,and shutting himself into tho ? den, as a slam of the door proclaims. v 'What is it, Ag?' I ask apprehensively, noting the Budden awful horror that dilates her eyes, and blanohes her cheekB, 'What is : it ?'. I repeat in impatient agony, halffright ened by hor stony anguish. Once, twice, sho tries to speak, but in vain, -The third time the ono word 'Freddie' \- makes itself heard. Its utterance seems to \- - break tho spoil, and mcohanically she hands mo the paper, but I- turn from it with a ehudder, remembering the one I got at Sun* . nyside. . 'No, tell me,— is Bhe ill ?' I ory, fearing I ? know not what. V «in? — worse P* shudders Ag, bowed and . broken-looking. : » ? ' Worse ?— -not dying ? oh, not dying I It ? cannot bo!' ? 'Dead 1' and with the word Bho falls on ?her kneca bcsido me , and, with -her arms around mo and her head in my lap, she breaks ? into a storm- of sobs that terrify, and, taken in conjunction -with' her -terrible news, be . wilder ma totally.-, ; '-??? Dead I can it be possiblo?— Bhe, our bright, ? beautiful, beloved Bister — dead! 1 could \- laugh aloud at tho thought, iu iny disbelief. \- JThat young, vigorous, beautiful life cut short I tuat gay, sweet voloo hUBhed, those sunny. , ayes sealed for ever ! and all her new-born wealth of mother-love nnci wifely-worBhip d;-ad with her 1 - j O, baby Bruce; poor, little _ motherless waif I I could almost hate jjou in the first heat of our now firo of ofiliotion ! Ib it any wonder that ho, your sorely-striken sire,. ? should shrink, for a timo from_ tho Bight of ? your sweet innocent face, knowing that your birth has cost his darling's life ? God oom . , fort him, and guide thee, poor babe — so un , consoious of thy loss 1 ' For nearly twenty minutes Ag dings, ' weeping wildly, to me, deaf to my soothing words, insensible to all my caresses, then \- gradually she grows calm,- and- turns com forter for the benefit of tho rest of us ; first tellibg mo the Bubstanoo of tho telegram. \- It is very brief, Bimply convoying tho sad \- jipam, arid promising particulars by the first l'aken away from the evil to como.' Mrs. Sutherland's words reour to us both, and uratefully we thank God that sho was spared ? this crushing blow.- : ? , Even as wo dwell upon those . strangely ' prophetio syllables, Mrs. Sutherland arrives, '? her own grit,! as-allowed up in tho greatnosa /?- ^xA her sympathy for us. '-f ~ ^ ? But why dwell upon tho long weary hoars ol sad waiting that follow ? or ovon upon the ' contents of poor Lex's heart-broken letter ?— ' they, indeed, are too aaored to bo lightly ex posed to evory eyo. Enough that it is too \- true,— that dreadful telegram,— that Bhe, the ' flower of the family, tho prido and joy of her ' husband's heart is truly under tho sod— ? ?? .' hidden from our earthly oyes for ovor. Sho had nevor recovered her strength after her baby's birth, seeming at first to do well, ' then, gradually, fading away, wasting to a skeleton almost, so thin and weak, but to tho last, sweet and unselfish, oheering him with confident assurances of their futuro moot iniiaat messages Bha sent us all, bidding us rpecially bo good to her 'boyB,' for her sake, ' ? ''and advising Lex to loavo New Zealand, whoro ho had neither kith nor kin, and re turn to his old home. .; . .„ ? But that neither duty nor inclination will '? ' sanotion at present. Tho land that holds \- ; her dust, is dearer to him than even tho land ?' of parents, homo, and friends, and for . her littlo one's eako ho must not lightly resign tho post that means mdopendenoo, and eat tho bread of idleness ; for thoro is no oponing ' ' for him in B— , nor wuoh prospect ot there being one. . Besides, in work, he can best ! -forget his loiss, he tolls us, and work hodoes .—bo hard that ho knooka himuolf up moat pronouncedly, and three or four monthB later finds hinuclf crdercd homo on sick leavo for three months. Thero I find him looking the ghost of the old- timo L'jx, poor follow I when I return for tho Christmas vacation, for I had insisted on going baek tn my work at Oamborough, des pite tho mute entreaties ot Ag's wistful oyes, nnd the chief's suggestion to relinquish it. There was nothing for mo to do at home in our diminished household, as I told them, and I must havo something to fill my thoughts, and tako me out of myself. Reluctantly, they had consented at last to my continuing it for another year, hoping then, I might resign it of my own accord. My Sunnyiiida friends had met mo on my return with a genuine sympathy that tried my control sorely, and vied with each othor in their kindness to mo. Na'nooTfind quito recoverod, and looking health and beauty personified, Sho has at length ' consented to ' namo tho day,' and, rather to Mr. Alexandor'8 disgust, has fixed it for no less distant a dato than St. Valen tino's day, that being also her birthday. Slowly the weeks pass by, despite all I can do to make tbem fly— working hard during sohool hours, and harder still study ing for matriculation in ray spare time, for in study now I find forgetfulness and oalm. P* Twice a week I go into 0 — for lessons and it is on -one of theso occasions that, on leaving my tutor's residenco nnd calling for letters at tho post, I receive tho following preoious epistle. \- Fernloa, Tuesday evening, My dear Miss Dunbmi, Let my anxiety to render you tho full ex planation that is- your, due plead for my presumption iu thus addressing you, and in justice to yourself do not act upon what will most probably be your firat impulse, and return - this unread. Do not think for a moment I mean to mako excuses for myself, or try to gloss over my vilo oonduct. Let that stand in all its black, cowardly treachery, it will tho sooner quench tho last spark of your regard, supposing that oven ono remains, and to forget me is tho wisest thing you can do now. Aye, forgot me, forget that I over entered you life, though, till my dying day, I shall oherish a fond romomberaneo of your every word and look. I love you too well to wish you to preservo oven the faintest memory of me, for remombrance muBt mean aught but happiness or pleasuro in this case, ana you have had your share of sorrow and pain ol lato— may the future reoompenso you amnly for tho past. But to como to tho point. I deem it only right to tell you that as deeply as I loved you when I askod you to become my wifo, I lovo you still, moro deeply on tho principle that forbidden frait gains in sweetness; tho unattainable becomes all-desirable I From the first hour I met you and fell under the Bpell of your loveliness, till tho prosent moment, my passion has been a part of my lifo, and will bo till I cease to exist. Does this horrify your sense ot right? my loving one woman with all my. soul, and perjuring myself to gain another's gold. ' The love of money is the root of all evil,' truly, nowa days as of old, and with N. P., especially. Picturesque poverty I can form no concep tion of. Penury ia my pet antipathy, and to bo hard up with others depending on me— the thought is enough I I should desert them or commit suicide. Am I painting myself plainly enough ? It is not a sweet picture, is it ? No, tho change ia not in you,, but in my altered circumstances. As the manager of Fornlea, I had a comfortable homo, if not a luxurious one, to offer my wife, but as Norton Fowler, minus.position and prospects, existence on a pound a week, perhaps, to share. My marriage will be purely a bargain — tho rent-roll of Lillida for my youth and good looks, my bride eleot tells me. 1 may flatter myself on the possession of the latter without vanity, and for youth — I am only twenty-eight in years, but thrice that in worldly-wise foresight, eh? Have I said enough to make you Ioatho and despiso mo even as I despise myself .' In one way I hope bo, but despiso me, forget me if you will, yet pity mo a littlo, too, for, villain and coward as I am, my punishment is hard to bear. Tied for lifo to a woman I do not even profess to Jove, who bores and irritates me every hour of tho day, thrice hor wealth could not reeoncilo mo to my loss of your sweet self. Who would envy me? Perhaps the—' But here oontempt and disgust get the better of mo, and crunching the paper into a ball, I thrust it into my pooket with angry vehemenoe. , - ' Miserable wretoli I' I mutter to myself, ' it would servo him right to send it to his ' brido eleot' as he calls her, but between her infatuation and his lack o I conscience, he'd oonvince her it was a forgery.' , r 'What's tho matter, Dot? something has upset your serenity, ' Nance's voice , breaks in on my soliloquy, as I near the gato of her mother's cottage. Drawing hor into her own room I give -hor tho letter with a curt — ''Itjad that.' Puzzled, but. obedient, she docs bo, and I watch her liico with its lightning changes of expression'while sho reads. Surprise, contempt, indignation, disgu.J ohaso each other across it, and confirm my own opinion. ' Well?' I say sharply, as Bho ailently hands it baok. II Don't speak of him, Dot, .ho's .boneath your notioa,' Bho advises gently, then, curi osity proving stronger than her resolve, ' When did ho proposo, dear ?' ? 11 Tho day he drovo mo down in his dog cart.' ' And you— ' ' Slid ' yes,' alter ft week's consideration. .But enough of him Nance. I wish the widow joy of her bargain.' 'You aro well rid ot him, dear;, don't regret him.' . II I don't now. That lottor. oared me,' 1 laugh, bitterly. ' When doos the wedding tako place, Nanoo?' ' 'Next Thursday, I heard yesterday.' . 'InO-?' 'Yea, at the English church.' ' Thursday— that is/«te day, is it not!' - ' ' Yes, or to quote tho 0— our 1 An imal Athletic Sports.' ' ? 'And a school holiday! Nanco, I must get in for it.' 'Thc/e(e?' 'No, tho wedding.' . ' Dot, do you mean to mako a death's head of the feast ?'' 'I mean to mako Norton Fowler Beo my mania ia over.' 'As you please, ma cherc. Tho church will bo crowded, I think, for it's to bo a grand allair as dross, goes, though only intimato friends aro invited. Ho wanted a private wedding, Mrs. Raynor told me, but sho insisted.. cn asking her hundred^ and ono particular friends, 'and being married, in tho churoh.' ' Wise woraau, aftor paying no muoh for hini, why shouldn't sho exhibit him ?' ' Cynic I aro wo to ba presont then ?' 'And witness tho saorifioo— yea.' ' Can you calmly look on it ?' ' Wait and Beb--I think bo.' '?Boup in good' timo then, wo mustn't bo lato,' sho aaya, as tho buggy oomea round to the gato. 'All right,' I promino, as I follow Mrs. Arcroft out to it, stopping a momont to Bay good-byo to Mrs. Stair. 'In timo for what, Dot?' asks Mrs. Aroroft, as wo bowl along. ' Mr. Fowler s wedding on Thursday.' ' Oh, you heard of it, then ?'- curi ously. ' Yes, and I want you to drivo mo in to see it,' I say, coaxingly. ' Gold won the day aftor all, Dot?' she venturos, in half-tender, half-sarcastio tones, ' I hopo ho may bo as hnppy as ho deserves. It's a pity, for his sake, you hadn't a 1 Lillica' to take him to.' 'And a blessing for mine,' I laugh. ' That sounds liko uour grapes, eh? but it's not. Liko ' Lady Olaro,' I want to bo loved for ' my own true worth.' ' ' I'm glad to hear it, Dot,' sho says earnestly, 'I should novor forgive myself if I thought that by making him bo woloomo always, I had helped him to deceive you at all.' 'Never think that, dear Mrs. Aroroft. I was dccoivcd in him for a time, I candidly confess, but my eyes are open now, and I resign him to tho widow without a regret.' '.That's good news tome, and in gratitude for it, I promiBO to drivo you in to Beo the knot tied, if all's well.' Sho is as good aa her word, and Thursday morning finds us, on tho stroko of eleven, simmering in the crowded churoh, waiting for the wedding party. Threo, four, fivo minutes pass, then tho carriages dash up to tho churoh, and a moment later tho bride ontors. on her brother's arm, his faco expressing tho dis approbation ho feels. She is fearfully and wonderfully resplendent in ruby brooade, tho bodioo fitting her substantial figure with a tightness suggestive of an explosion, with a blaze of diamonds at her throat, cara and wrists, and in her hair. Entering by another door hor bridegrom advances, and meets her at tho communion, in front of tha old clergyman. Handsome and self-possessed, ho goes through his share ot tho soloma servico with outward indiffer ence. ' Till death do us part.' As tho words fall on my ears I recall his written ones— 'Tied for lito to a woman I do not even profess to love, 'and Iwondcr if he remembers them too. C The ceremony ovor, ho makes no effort to foil the ' best man's' determination to obtain tho first kiss, but coolly drawing his wife'd arm through his, leads her to the vestry 3 Then the crowd slowly files, out so slowly that Nation and 1 aro only emerging from our pew aa tho bridal party rc-appear, and my funereal figure in it's deep mourning is the first thing they see. That he sees it the dark led flush that dyes his faco declares, and his eyes fall before mine, but only for ^moment ; then, bowing slightly, he hurries on. After tho breakfaBt tho ' happy pair,' start for Sydney, whoro they spend the honey moon. And thus ends that chapter of my life. CHAPTER XVII. Christmas Eva beholds my return to S— for threo weeks. Vic, a tall, Blender, gentle manly youth of sixteen how, is on tbe station to meet me, and Ag's sweet face gleams radiantly from the cab ho leads mo to. ' I couldn't oomo any further, dear,' she says, softly, glancing down at a small, chubby figure in her arms— a bright, bonny bit ol humanity, whose big bluo eyes and sunny curls proclaim him Freddio's son. 'Bruce? Agl give him to me,' I cry. hastily, returning her kiss as I bend to take him. ?- 'Isn't ho liko her, Ag?' I murmur, alternately, kissing him and staring him out of countenance, 'What splendid little follow I Is ho as good as this always ?' A question Master Bruco answers himself by setting up a lusty roar, and shrinking Bhyly from my strange face. ' Oh, hush 1 Hero take him, Ag,' bund ling him into her arms in dismay, 'stoj. him if you can.' That she does speedily, tho mito seenih already to know and love her, then alw applies herself to answoring my many quostions till we roaoh home. Home I It scarcely eeems that with out the all-p-rcvading infiuenco of our nweet invalid mothor. And the worn, altered fuc-j of Lex at the drawing-room window adds to its strangeness, as, with drooping frame and -feeble step he comeB to meet ub, I recall 111; last glimpse of him on his Wedding-day, and tl-e contrast moves me to tears. ?- Dora I' he says, with forced cheerfulness, 'is it really you? — really tho little pale Btudent of two years ago ? Time has been a generous friend to you, as far as beauty and bloom are oonoerned, via there.' 'Ay, hut how bitterly, how hardly that samo timo had dealt with me in the mattei of my dear ones I' I remind myself, return ing his salutation, and at tho thought my lip* quiver painfully, forbidding Bpeeoh. r„ Altogether it' is a Bad home-eoming, and ltoo days that follow are dreary and joyloss— full of memories of the missing faoss that leavo suoh gaps in our cirolc. Lex wo seo little'of, but baby Bruoe almost lives with us — Ag and he being inseparable; lives with us entirely, indeed, for a fortnight of my visit, owing to a , Budden relapse that almost leaves him doubly-orphaned. The chief takes a wonderful fanoy to tho littlo sprito, and spends minutos at a time playing and romping with him, as I am sure ho never did with us, and Ag and Vic vie with eaoh other, in their efforts to BRoil him, .and I must plead guilty to aiding them. Uneventfully my holidays pass, and'a week after tho. Now Year I set out on my 'return to Oamborough, acoompanied by Vio, whoso delight at the prospect of a month's hunting, eto., at Sunnysido, is boundless. Mrs. Arcroft had taken a great liking to his frank, laughing face in my album, and onjoyed ray Btoriea-of -hiB quips and pranks so muoh, that I bad strict orders to bring him back with me it only for a month. The ohiof had hesitated a little before consenting, plunging poor Vic into unfathomable dispair, and transporting him thence, to the soventh heaven of delight, by finally granting him a month's holiday. At our journey's end, we find Mr. Arcroft and his better halt, with the drag awaiting ua, and, after a licsrty welcome, I bundlo in at the back with tbe latter, while Vic finds, himsolfin hia element, perohed at Mr. Ar oroft'a sido behind Pyacho and Hebe. 'And how ia Nanoe?' ia my first ques tion. ' Woll,'. loughs her Bister, ' in health, but who oan '.minister to a mind diseased?' Nanco is a viotim to tha green- eyed monster.' 'Nonsense I' ' It's the truth; Dot.' ? ' ' Maybo, but I dinna think so,' ' I quote merrily. 'Who is she?' ' That's the best of it— it isn't a tho at all.' . ' Who then ?'? 'Mr. Langdon— Wttty Langdon.' 'Who ia he?' 'Dot, 'do 'you moan to say that, knowing. Gilbert tho last six monthB, you don't know who Watty Langdon— ' 'Stay!' laughingly, intorruptipg her, 'I remember, Mr. Langdon ia Gilbert's 'own familiar friend,' is ho not ? — his voluminous Queensland correspondent ?' 'Yes, but be is baok for good, and Gilbert, in his delight, neglcoted Nanco for two whole hours, and so won Watty a plaao in hor black books.' r l ' Not ho— eho's too sensible and unselfish for that. What is Mr. Langdon liko?' ' Tall and dark, rather melanoholylook ing. He has the iiaeet dark eyes I over ear/, and tha Bwcetest umilo — it quite alters his expression, which is usually gravo to for biddingness.' ' I like tho description. Whon shall I aeo him?' ' Thia day week. We are going to havo a kangaroo hunt at Mt. Trewan and ho'a coming.' 'Next Saturday I Won't Vio bo de lighted 'No doubt— wo got it up in his honor, and ho's to rido Inez. Do you think he oan managoher?' ' Oh, I think eo; but, Mrs. Arcroft, isn't it too aoon — ' ' I understand you, dear,' Bhe says, gently as I falter and finally break down, ' but I think not. There'B only Mr. Langdon and Gilbert ooming, besides ourselves, and you and I aro to drive over, after the hunting party. Vio musn't go homo without seeing a little lifo in the West. During tho following weok, Via is the con stant companion of Mr. Arcroft and Nanco in their daily rides, striking np a friendship with tbe latter, that eaoh day cementB more firmly, Tho exereiso agrees with him, and improves hiB appearance wonderfully, trans forming bim into a 'positively handsome youth,' as I condescendingly inform bim, my reward for the information being a fillip in the ear, end a brotherly injunction to be 'oivil to my superiors.' Tho fateful Saturday dawns at length, bright and breezy, and, after Bn early breakfast, wo set oil for Mt. Trewan, Nanoe, i n her blue habit and Bhady hat, look ing grace and happiness personified, rides off wilh Gilbert, closely followed by Mr.Langdon, hia hoBt and Via, after whom come tho boundary riders and all the station dogs, Mrs. Arcroft and I bringing up tho rear with a buggy load of good things in tbo eatable line. Tho drive is a delicious one, up bill and down dale, along Boft sandy roads, that wind, white and oool, through dusty wattle groves, and across broad brown heaths, then through a great fern-carpeted forest of stringy-bark, till finally we emerge at tho foot of steep, bald Mt. Trewan. Beside a' splendid spring at its foot wc picnic for an hour or bo, dis cussing cold chicken and cream cakes, and Christmas festivities, and kangaroo buntj alternately. , Tben the hunters ride off, leaving Mr.i Aroroft and me to repack tho hampers, after which we pile tho buggy rug and cushions on the ground, and lazily lounge and talk the time away, with, for variety's sake, a littlo reading from ' Romola.' 'Not to read, and reading not to appreci ate ' Romola,' means a deficiency in one's moral nature,' a gentleman viaitor bad averred a week before, and Nance had straightway obtained a copy, read it, and raved over it sinoe, 'proof positive of no lack in her moral nature,' she gravely as sured us, though I warrant she skipped pages. It is late in the afternoon when the hunters return, tired, but well pleased with their sport, Vio ospeoially olated, having been complimented by the rest on his fearless riding. ' What do you think of tho oountry, Vio ?' asks MrB. Arcoft. ' I never saw anything like it, it's ' wild Australia' with a vengeance,' says Vio. ' It reminds mo ol Gordon's ride after the bush rangers.' 'Spare us, Vio!' I ory, fingers in ears, ' we all know what you mean, it's something about — ' Hard behind thom through the timber, harder still aorosd the heath, Right behind thom, through the tea-tree scrub we dashed, And tho golden-tinted fernleavos, how thoy rustled underneath, And the honeysuckle osiers, how they crashed 1 ' Stop him, some one, please.' 'Not need,' bo answers lugubriouely, ' Hearing Gordon murdered in that fashion has subdued me.' ' That's a rap for your reoiting powers,' laugha Naneo, who Bharoa his mania for Gordon. ' A well-merited one,' gravely asserts Gilbert, while Mr. Langdon puts in — 'Miss Dnnbar, have you the courago to condemn Gordon in present company? Don't you know we Western distriot folks tako a particular pride in him, and aro all his ardent admirers 1'' ' I know, but, Mt. Langdon, let mo quarter you for a month with ono of his devotees— Vio, for example — who is raving about ' Tho Wreck' etc., from dawn to dark, and I'll warrant you'll, wish Gordon had died young.' 'Come, Doll, 'in yonr might remember meroy,1 ' ories Vie. 'Can't you turn tho tables on her, Vio ?' laugha Gilbert. ' Tell ua whose poems sho pesters you with?' 'Don't know hia name,' says Vio, his oyes sparkling wickedly, 'but I remember a verao or two she mado our lives miserable with,' and assuming a sentimental air he drawls — Vou may forget the woman, X may forget the man, But the porfume of tho lilies Forget it if you can. A shout of laughter rewards his mimiory. ' Go on, Vic, givo ua Bome more,' ories Nanco ; ' it is Dot seen under new oircum Btancesto us. What ia the namo of that piece?' ' 'Day lilies,' 1 think. I don't know any more of it, but thero'B another favourite of hern makes me wiah I was aflliotcd with deaf ness, though its suoh a happy blending of the earth earthy with tho celestial, that I suppose I Bhould admire it. It runs — You require that your mutton should alwaya be hot, That yonr aooka and your ahirts should bo ? whole, I requiro that your heart ehould be true aa God'a etara, And pure aa Hia heaven your soul.' ' Mutton and heaven, humph I' comments Mr. Langdon whimsically, surveying my soarlet cheeks. ' I muBt eay I'm with Vio on Gordon'a Bide, Miss Dunbar.' ? 'And I! andll' laughingly chorus the rest! \- 'Come, good peoplo,' cries Mra. Aroroft from the buggy, ' if you want to reoruit tho inner man before wo start for home, hurry up ; there's no timo to waste.' Sorambling up, wo make our way to hor, and hastily ' Bnatoh a mouthful,' as Mr. Arorolt calls the meal we make. Thon the dishes are paoked, tho ponies harnesoed, and the hunters' horses led round. .'Aro you ready, Martha?', cries Mr. Arcroft, looking on, with an indillerence bom of ton years' matrimony, at Gilbert tuoking her into tho buggy, ' In one moment,' the latter replies. ' You oan start— Nanoo and I'll seo tho ladiea off.' ' , ' All right, oome on Langdon I como, Vio 1' and off thoy canter, followod by tho pair of ua in tho buggy, witji . the lovers in tbo rear. . .. ' ' Presently they pass un for 'oraeo on tho heath,' as Gilbert infbrma us, and in a . minute are out of Bight. Easily wo bowl along through tho timber chatting idly over tho doings of tho day, and blissfully ignorant of tho tragedy so soon to take place. Tho sunja low in tho weat, as weamsrge from tho timber on to tbo heath, and,obining into our eyes dazzles them so that wc aro glad to regain tho shelter, or shade rather of tho trees on tho far side of the heath. Morrily wo pursuo our way, winding in and out among tho tall ' sons of tho forest,' bordering it, till wo eomc suddenly on a littlo group blocking the road— a group wo had pot noticed sooner, so absorbed had wo beon in steering olear of tbo many trees on eaoh aide. Full length _ acros3 tho traok lies Gilbert, motionless, hia head pillowed on Nanco's breast, whilo sho Btrives to stanch tbo blood, ataining with its rod atrsam tho dear face al ready set in tho pallor o£ death. ' Good God I' cried Mrs. Aroroft, throwing mo tho reins and springing down to them, ' What ia wrong, Nanco ?' Nanco — ia it -Nance's faco that confronts us? that gray, stony, expressionless mask? is it hor voice that in hard, monotonous toneB explains ; ' Wildfire bolted and ran into that tree.' 'Great Heavena I ia he muoh hurt, Nanoe ?' 'Hurt? No — he doean't suffer — killed on the spot,' she said, in tho samo strange mo ohanioal way, brushing baok with her blood stained hands, his thick curls. ' Dot, Dot, it has turned hor brain I What are wo to do ?' wails Mrs. Aroroft, wringing her hands in agony, as she turns to ma Bit ting sick with horror behind tho ponies. ' Wo must got help,' I return inanely. ' Yes, but how ? I daren't loavo her, and you oan't drive.' ' No, but I can rido,' pointing to Nance's horse near by — a horse that, under lesa des perate oiroumstanoes, nothing would tempt mo to mount. ' Will tho ponies stand?' ' I think so, I don't know — never mind them. Ob, boquiokl' With trembling haste Bho asaiata me to mount, and hurries me off, tying tho poniea loosely to a tree, then flying to Nanoo, to minister to her, for even I oan seo Gilbert is past aid. With palpitating heart I tear on, along tho bush traok and out_ again on to tho heath, aoross whioh I strain my eyes in ecarah of aid — in vain. Yet no I approaching swiftly is a buggy and pair, with two men in it. The roliof is so great that I burst into tears that blind my identity of both, till Mr. Cotton's well-known voice ejaculates : 'Miss Dunbar 1 has anything happened?' Slipping to the ground, clinging to the saddle for eupport, I sobbingly explain. Gilbert thrown— hurt— killed you think I Good Godl Bilton, you'ro jnat the man that's wanted here,' cries tho owner of that welcome voiae, turning to his companion, a young doctor who ia viaiting 0 — . 'Yes,' he says, oool ond aelf-poBsessed, ' Is it straight ahead on this road, tbo acci dent happened, yonng lady ?' 'Yes,' is all I can utter. ' Then jump up here — you ore two un norved to ride that brute. Let it go, it'll make its way home end give tho alarm.' Gladly I obey, and, assisted by Mr. Cotton, take my place between them. Then ob we daeh forward, ho explains their opportune appearance on the scene. ' We drovo down to Sunnyaide after lunch, ond, learning you were at tho Mount, deter mined to join you thero, inatend of waiting your return.' ' Did you meot Mr. Aroroft?' ' Yea, ho said that we'd Und you a littlo further on with Gilbert — poor, fellow IV Tbe name recalla the awful eceno, and again I give way, hurrying my face in my hands, and shuddering violently. A few minutes more brings us to our journey's end. Nanoe'a awful composure has given way at last, and ahe lies pale and death- liko in her sister's arms. Ono glance at Gilbert's stiffening form is enough for tho doctor, though ho makes a Bhow of seeking for the ' vital spark.' 'Killed instantaneously,' is his verdiot, and lie turns his attention to Nanoe, .over whom ho is bending gravely, when at a break neck gallop, Mr. Arcroft and Watty Langdon join us. '?What is it?' oriea tho former, in hia fuaay, kindly way, ' has—' Tho words die on his lips, as be eapicB the still figure with a haudkerohief thrown over its face, and with a shuddering groan he turnB away, while Mr. Langdon throwing bimaolf on his knees beside it, weeps for a moment or two like a woman. 'How did it happen?' aska Mr. Aroroft in a hushed tone, but that none of ua knoy. ' You must wait for partioulara till thia young lady is lieraolf again,' says the dootor, adding with grim significance, 'and that won't be for aome time. Now,' he goea on' briBkly, 'wo must get her home -at onoo. How are we to do it?' outting short all en quiries. ? ' In tho buggy, I suppose,' answers Mrs. Arcroft, who, pale and trembling still with horror, is yet the only one aelf-possesacd enough to Buggest anything. 'In. ours, then— it will hold three moBt comfortably,' motioning Mr. Cotton to help him to lift her into it. 'Now, Mrs. Aroroft, you get in, too, and I'll drivo you— I oan do no more for poor Alexander, and this young lady wants immediate attention.' And what of — How oan we get Gilbert home?' aho asks, falteringly. 'The waggonette will be here aoon,' answers her husband huskily, 'Wildfire tore past us at tho blaok gato, splashed with blood, and gave mo a hint to prepare for the worst, so I oent Vio on to tell them to bring it to meet us. If it wasn't needed, thon all tho better, I thought— there'd be no harm dono.' ' Como,' oriea Dr. Bilton, ' overy momont ia precious.' 'And Dot?' aaka Mra. Aroroft, 'how is she to come?' ' One of us will drive her,' answers Mr. Aroroft, 'here, Cotton, will you,' as tho wifo's taken your Beat.' ' With pleasuro,' and in another minute we aro oil .in tho wake of the first buggy, leaving the other two to guard the dead. 'How came Wildfire to bolt, I wonder?'. I find voice to say at last. ' I can't imagine, took fright in some way I suppose. He was always a nervous, irritable brute. Gilbert was often warned about him. Poor fellow ! what, an awful Bmaehl' ' He was killed at onoe, you think ?' ?' Must have beon— brains dashed out. It was a terrible shook for poor Miss Stair.' ' Yes, she seemed quite dazed at first.' ' No wonder. It was enough to turn her brain ! They were to bo married in less than a month, too.' 'Yes,' I reply, and recalling all poor Nance's pretty preparations for the event, her many little plans and happy anticipations connected therewith, tburat into tears again, despite my efforts at- self-control, and sob' oonvulsively till we get to Sannyside. CHAPTER XVIII. It is tho day of the funeral. The inquiry ia over — adjourned till Nanoe ia able to give her ovidence. When jhat will be, if evor, it is hard to Bay, for she lies at death's door, tho shock having' affected her brain. Alono at the window of my room I stand, watohing tho sombre procession winding slowly paBt, and great tears dim my eyes as I look mylast on tnefiower-oovered coBkct that holds the remains of him who had proved himBelf a true friend to many, a faithful lover to ono, and an upright gentleman to all. ' Happy ia tho corpse that the rain falls on,' I repeat to myself, as, just as tbo mourn ing coaob passes, a heavy sbower begins, rendering 'almost invisible tho nod faca of Watty Langdon gazing out, and soon hiding the corttgc from my view altogether. j ' God rest thee, Gilbert! thino was an early 1 end,' I Bay softly, turning from tho window \ to encounter Mrs. Arcroft, who, worn with i grief and watohing, had ontered unheard, ] and oaught my words. I ' Ayo, Dot' sho rejoins, 'but now, ns of ; old, ' whom the gods lovo die young.' ' j CHAPTER XIX. Eighteen months later, juat two years after Freddie's death, I am sitting one wet, windy Saturday afternoon over tho parlor fire at Sunnyside— for I am still teaching at Camborough, having succeeded, by dint of arguments and entreaties, in gaining a feeble assent to my doing eo from the home folks — reading my share of the contonts of the mail bag. Opposite sits Nanco, not the gay, smiling, sauoy girl of old; but a pale, grave, sad-eyed woman in deep mourning; lovelier and mora lovcablo than ever in my opinion — remind- ing me strongly of Ag, our 'Homo Sun shine,' as mamma loved to call her, in her aweot, steadfast self-denial. ' That's a big budget, Dot,' aho says, smilingly, pointing to n bulky opistle in my - lap. ' Yes, ono of Ag's newspapers,' I laugh, tearing it open. ' She eondomo fifteen pages sometimes, and not five lines of news in it all. Afraid I may feel lonely perhaps.' ' And that's her thanks— a oaustio criti cism.' Silenoe, I am deep in Ag's didactio para graphs. No newa in her letters, did I aay ? Well, there is a piece in thia that makes up for nil past deficiencies. It ' brings me up standing,' as Via would aay, in a momont, and not till I read it twice do I take it in. ' What is it, dear, not bad newa, I hopo?' say? Nr.uce, gontly, but I only ehake my head, a-id, gathering up my letters, rush off to my rooru. Tl:ew I read it again and again, and ask mjsolf fifty lime3 ovor, oan it bo true? That runs tho extract that bewilders me — 'An! no v, dear Dora, I have something t' tell you that I am Bure will surprise, but I hopo not displease you, though, knowing your views on suoh matter3, 1 feel very un certain about it, and shall eagerly await your reply, trusting it may be favorable. At least, I know you will not judge me hastily, bnt patiently hear mo through, and generously take into consideration the fact (so jealously guarded till now) that I loved him long before his engagement to Freddie. There, tho seoret is out, and, in indignation, I can see your astonished faco. Yes, doar Bister, to briefiy state what, doubt less, you already guess, Lex has, asked me to marry him, andl have said ' Yes.' It was only last night ho spoke, so I am losing no time in lotting you know, for Oh, dear Dora, I long for your Bympathy, and dread that your old, strong antipathy to a man's marry ing hia deceased wife's sister may deprive me of it, and without it I shall bo miserable. Lot mo combat, one by one, your ohief ob jections— I fanoy I know them. First, with your strong affection for poor Freddio and prejudice against suoh marriages, it may seem to you that I am selfishly supplanting hor in Lax'a love. That, dearest, I cm never do, Bhe will always hold tho first, best place in hia heart ; besides, I am sure sho loved him too well for hor to havo wished him to lead (out of devotion to her memory) tho wretched homeless — for, in the truest, sweetest souse of the word, homeless he haa beon the last two years— lifo ho has beon loading. It's un natural, and, granting that if a man marriea again, who can so well supply thoir dear mother's plaoo to his children, as that mother's Bister ? Remember how dear wo wero to eaoh other, Dora ; how inseparable always, and you cannot for a momont thiuk that I would deliberately act a treacherous or unsisterly Sart towards her, especially seeing that in eoth she is dearer even to ua all than over. Ah no I my dear sister, I am sure there is no one Bho would ohoose before me to fill hor place iu tho Uvea of her dear ones. Now, to como to your seoond objection — tho nearness of the relationship already ex isting ; but, Doll, dear, it ia only relationship by marriage, and thoroforo, far less objection able than the. tie between first and second cousins, and how many of them marry ? But, already, I havo trespassed on your patience too far, eo must deal with minor objeotiona again. How long have I known of Lex'a intontionfl ? you will ask. Not till last night. I loved him long ago, as I told you, bat, on Freddie's becoming his wife, looked on my lovo aa a sin, and buried it deep in my heart, flattering myself that I had stifiad it, but his first words undeosived me. I love him as deeply and truly aa over, and oh l_ I cannot consider my love a orime or a sin. Would God have giftod me with suoh a capa city for loving unalterably it it were ? I was aa aurpriaed as you can be, whon L?x spoke, and oannot yot imagine why ho made me hia choice, unless, psrhaps, littlo Bruoa's affection for. me suggested it ; tho littlo fellow is very fond of me, and I of him, as you know. God help me to do him justice? Mr. and Mrs. S— both seem pleased with the idea of my becoming their second daughter. Papa commends it, and Vio ia delighted, ao dear Dora, only your approba tion ia wanted to fill my oup of happiness to the brim. Let mo hear it, sister, if you con scientiously oan. I covet your loving Bym pathy. Hoping to hear from you aoon, with fond est love and best wishes— your anxious Bister, Ao. P.S, No ' outsiders ' know of our en gagement yet— no ono I mean out of our two families, nor will thoy till I win you over, to ?my sido— auppoeing you will not enlist on it at onoo, but that I hops and pray you will. A. Laying my head on the letter at last, after puzzling over it vainly till I am tired, I burst into bittor unreasonable tears. Yet arc they ao unreasonable? To mo such marriagos have always seemed so objectionable, that is it any wonder I cannot reconoilo myself to Ag's? Prosontly tho door opens and Nanoo softly entera. Slipping hor arm round mo, she whis pers: ' Sharing a trouble with a true friend lightens it ot half its load, Dot. Let me help you to bear this, dear.' . ' Read that then,' pointing but tbo para graph. 'Woll what is your opinion?' I ask as she oonoludes. 'That Dora Dunbar ia tho greatest littlo gooae I evor came aoross,' she smiles. ' Why aro you grieving over thia ?' 'Thero ia something so repugnant about it — ' 'And because of your foolish prejudice, ' she interrupts, 'three livea must bo made miserable— Ag condemned to a miserable old maidenhood — for she'll nover marry anyono else— Lex doomed to lead his presont lonely, loveless lifo, and poor little Bruce doprived of tho bost Bubstituta for hia mothor'a love bo oouldhave.' ' But Nanoo—' ' 1 But mo no buts,-' ' aho quotes, half. laughingly, half-Borious, 'I sccond all Ag says, and shall insist on your sending hor the warmest sisterly congratulations by next post. What, Btill heaitating?' 500 'I can't help itl fanoy marrying ouo'fl brother-in-law.' 'I'd sooner do that than marry my cousin,' deolares Nanco, 'Besides, she loved hicn before he bcoamo (hat. IIo is tho one man in tho world for her — hor fate — her eeoond sqK, or misFing half, and you mu3t not come between them, Sho deserves every happiness for her bravo self-denial, Think how hard it must havo been for her to hido her pain ; for aho must havo Buffered keenly, during tho dayo previous to his marrying Freddio. Did you never suspeot ?' ' Navcr; though, after they loft us, I found her crying bitterly, but I thought it was ovor losing F/eddio. They wero so doar to each other always.' 'All the moro in favor of her marrying Lex. Freddio would Booncr that than a stranger, and by-and«byt Dot, it would most likely oomo to that, for tho majority of widowed. ones ro- marry aooner or later,' sho asserts, sagely. Some, as a sort of oompli* mont to No. 1, a tribute to tho memory of their pa*t happy matrimonial essay ; others to make up for not looking before leaping, hoping to do better the eeoond time.' 'I shouldn't liko Los to marry a ' stranger for Bruce'd oake,' I admit, reluot nntly. 'No, of course not, Now sot to, and write to Ag,' settling my writing table before the fire, ' and give her my fondest lovo, and very best wishes,' vanishing, 'Mind, Dot,' re appearing for a moment, ' a nico, long, loving, sympathetic letter.' And I meekly obey, as far as possible, her ordors, reaping my roward in a sense of con tentment that possesses me as I proceed. 'Any adoQiaaiou?'' crie3 Nance, an hour or moro later, peeping in. 'Yc3. Tell me, will this do?' handing hor my letter. ^ ' Firit-rate, your bark'a worse than your bite, Dot? Now put on your (beflt bib and tucker. Guess why?' , 'No good at oonundrums,' evasively, 41 Nor anythiug else with a gleam of her old gaiety. ' Woli, ' Job's' here.' ' Who'e ' Job' ?' ' 5rr. Cotton. Is it a good namo for him ? his patience is 'pathetic. Perhaps 'Jacob* would bo better? Wasn'iit 4 Jacob' served seven years for Baohel? my memory is defective.' ' ' Whero does the connection oome in ?' V Bah \ you deserve— but I'm wasting broath. Aro you goins to beautify?' ' For Mr. Cotton's benefit — no,' indiffer ontly, conscious that tho dark bluo dress.I am wearing becomes me admirably. To ie continued. BIG i0 I U. ' Hc'a a bully !' ?- ' I-IV* a cowsrd I' ' H-j'ti got to hang 1' ' Tbnt'3 his third man I' Thi; oi:a narrow street of the frontier town Wf.a filled wi:-li a surging crowd of excited men. Tr.ero were Indian fighters, scouts, gaml-lers, trumps miners, speculators— every- thing and cvf:rv body. Every town has its bully — every frontier town. Bi;! Jim was the bully qf Ilill City. IIo could drink more, curso louder, fchoot quicker and start a row Fooner than any other man. When he shot Limber Joo it was a stand-off. It waa rough against rough. Whoever went under, tho town would be tho gainer. Tho death of hia second victim brought him a cer'ain respect, for ho had given tho man a fair show. Thero waa a limit to the number of men one might shoot in Hill City. It was threo times and out. Big Jim had killed his third. Two hundred men — all oxcitod — Eomo half crazed — all indignant — some terribly aroused, surged down tho street to the Red Star saloon bent on vengeance. Big Jim and tho manhe had killed were alone in the place. 'Bring him out I' ' He's got to hang 1' ' Bring out the bully and coward 1' There was a rush, but it was cheokod. Men had pistols and linivcs in their hands, but tho sight of Big Jim with a 'navy' in eaoh hand cooled their ardor. A life for a lifo is not revenge. They lied when they cslle l him & bully. BullUs strike and run or bluster and dare not strike. Thoy lied when they called him a coward. Cowards do not remain to face death. Big Jim advanced .a little. Tho crowd fell back. IIo Blood in the door and sur veyed tlia mob aj coolly: aa another man might havo looked up at the pine-covered orest- of Carter'.) Peal;. The mob grew quiet. There wero 200 right hands clutching deadly weapons, but not a hand moved. Two hun dred to one is appalling odds, but the one was master. Seeming to faco every man of tbem— seeming to covcr evory breast with tha blaok - muzzles of his revolvers— tho man backed away up the road into tho darkness, out o! their sight aud heating. Ho said not a word. Tasre wasn't a whisper from tho crowd until he had disappeared. Thon men drew long breaths of relief. A terrible monaoo had passed away. . Out into tho darkness— down tho rough road— over tho rudo. bridge, and there Big Jim put un his rovolvers, turned his face square to tho West, and stopped out without a look back at tho oamp. It waa ten milea to Harnoy's Bend. Men driven from the ono camp took refuge in tho othor, Tho half way landmark was a bit of a valley skirted by a oreek. Wayfarers who were journeying by toam many times halted here. On this night thoro was a lono wsgg -n. Under the canvas covcr slept a mother and. four children; Risting against a wheel was tho husband and father, his cyea peering into tho darkness— hia eyes drinking in evory sound.. Big Jim had not reaohed tho volley yet when tho' Bliil'night air was rent with war whoops — the crack of rifles— the acreama of o woman and hor ohildron. IndianB had discovered tho lono and almost defenceless family. Thero wao fivo soalp3 to odorn their lodges. The bally and tho ooward had not beon disoovered. He could find a eafe hiding plaoe. Did ho V A half-dozen screaming, yelling fiends wero daneing about tho waggon — shooting — striking — dodging— dosing in on tho one white man who Bomohow escaped thoir blows ond bullets, when thero was a cheer and a rush, and tho Navys began to to orack. Sixty seconds later, dead silence had fallen upon tbo valley. Ono— two— threo dead Indiana. The immi grant leaned against tha waggon, faint with a wound in tho head. Tho wifo Iookod out with an awful terror at her heart. Bullota had chipped and splintered wheel and body. 'Who aro you?' asked tho immigrant, as a figure approached him from the dark ness. . 'Big Jim.' - ' You have saved ua from a massacre.' 'Yes, it was well that I happened along I Rouao up the firo, for thero ia no further danger.' ? . Whon tho blazo caught tho fresh fagota and lighted up tho littlo volley, tho immigrant' counted tlio dead Indiana again — ono — two — three. Hd.turnod with extended hand, but BigJJim hod departed. Next day, whon men from Hills and llarnoy'B found his dead body beaido tho rooks a mi!o oway, with fivo wounda which hod let hia life-blood out, thoy whispered to eaoh other : 'Wo thought wo knowed liim, but we didn't.' ? Certain peoplo keep themselves all day long full of vexation boforohand, for soma coming ovent or other. . iTia no point of wisdom for a man to beat his brains about things impossible. ; 