HE FEU Id LOVE WITH Hl$ WIFE. BY P. BOB (Author of 'From Jest to Barnes,' 'Opening Chestnut Burr,' 'An Original BeDe, E te.) Chapter V.—Mm. Mumpson takes op h$b Burdens. The next morning Holcroft awoke early. The rising son flooded hia plain lUtls room with mellow light. It was impossible to give way to dejection in that radl&nae;, ana nope, be scarcely anew wny, sprang up iu his heart. He was soon dressed, and, having kindled the kitchen fire, went oat on the porch. There had been a ohaoge in the wind daring the bight, and now it blew softly from, the sonth. The air was sweet with the indefinable fragrance of spring The ethereal notes of bluebirds were heard - on every side. Migratory robins were feed ing in the orchard, whistling and calling their noisy congratulations on arriving at old hannts. The frost was already oozing from the ground, but" the farmer weloomed the mud, knowing that it indicated a long advance towards ploughing and planting time. He bared his head to the sweet, warm air and took long, deep breaths. ' If this weather holds, ' he mattered, I can soon pat in eome early potatoes on that warm hillside yonder. Yes, I can stand even her for the sake of being on the old place in mornings like this. The weather 11 be getting better every day, and I can be out of doors more, I'll have a stove in my room to-night ; I would last night if the old air-tight hadn't given oat completely. I'il take it to town this afternoon and sell it for old iron. Then I'll get a bran' new one and put it up in my room. They cau't follow me there, and thsy can't follow me out doors, and so, perhaps, I can live in peace and work most of the time. ' Thus he was murmuring to himself, as lonely people sc often do, when he felt that someone was near. Turning suddenly, he saw Jane half-hidden by the kitchen door. Finding herself observed, the girl came forward and said in her brief, monotonous way : ' Mother 11 be down soon, if you 11 show me how you want the coffee and things, I guess I can learn.' 'Igaess you'll have to, Jane, There'll be more chance of yonr teaching your mother than of her teaching you, I fear. But we'll-see, we'il see ; it!s strange people can't see what's sensible and best for 'em when they sse so much ' The child made no reply, bat watched him intently as he measnred cut and then ground half a cap of coffee. The first thing to do,' he began, kindly, ( is to fill the kettle with water fresh drawn from the well. Never make coffee or tea with water that's been boiled two or three times. ' Now, I'll give the kettle a good rinsing, so as to make snre yon start with it clean.' Having accomplished this, he filled the vessel at the well and placed it on the fire, remarking as he did so, 1 Yonr mother can cook a little, can't she ?' I s'pose so,' Jane replied. When father was livin' mother said she kept a girl. Since then, we've visited round. But she'll learn, and if she can't, I can.' ' What on earth — bnt there's no nse of talking. When the water boils, bubbles up and down, you know, call me. I suppose you and your mother can get the rest of the breakfast ? Oh, good morning, Mrs. Mump son. I was just showing Jane about the coffee. You two can go on and do all the rest, but don't touch the coffee till the kettle boils, and then I'll come in and show yoa my way, and, if you please, I don't wish it any other way.' ( Oh, certainly, certainly,' began Mrs. Mumpson, but Holcroft waited to bear no more. She's a woman,' hs mattered, ' and I'll say nothing rude or ugly to her, bat I sha'n's listen to her talk half a minate when I can help myself ; and if she won't do anything bat talk — well, we'll see, we'il see. A few hours in tha dairy will show whether she can use anything besides her tongue/ As soon as they were alone Jane turned sharply on her mother and said. (Ncw, you've got to do something to help, At ooasin Lemuel's and other places they wouldn't let us help. Anyhow, they wouldn't let me. He speots as both to work, and pays yoa for it. I tell yoa agin, he won't let as stay here aniess we do. I won't go visitin' round any more, feelin' like & stray eat in every house I go to. You've got to work, and talk less/ Why, Jane ! how you talk 1' ' I talk sense. Gome, help me get break fast/ 4 Do you think that's proper way for a obild to addresB a parent?' fNo matter what I think. Gome and help. You'll soon know what he thinks if we keep breakfast waitin'/ ( Well, I'll do snoh menial work ontil he gets & girl, and then he shall learn that he can't expeat one with each respeaterble con- neetione— - ' Hope I may never Bee any of 'em agin,' interrupted Jane, shortly, and then she relapsed into sUenoe while her mother rambled on in her characteristic way, making singularly inapt efforts to assist in the task before them. As Holcroft rose from milking a oow he foond. Jane beside him. A ghost could not have eome more silently, and again her stealthy ways gave him an oupleasant Bensation, 4 Kettle is boiUn',' she said, and was gone. He shook his head and mattered, ' Qaeer tribe, these Mnmpsocs. I ve.only to get an odd fish of a girl to help, and I'll have eome- thing of a menagerie in the house. He carried his pails of foaming milk to the dairy, and then entered the kitohen. I've only a minate,' he began, hastily, seeking to forestall the widow. Yes. the kettle's boiling all right. First ecald out the ooffee-pot — put three-quarters of a cap of ground coffas into the pot, break an. egg into it, so ; pour on the egg and oaffee half a enp oicoltl wsttf end stir it 11 up well, this why, Nc-sfc posr in about a piot of boiling war from the kettle, set the pot on the stove, and M it-tbe cofffl®, I ef,-<S1 minatu, remember, not lew than tw«oy minuter. Til be baok to J rime. Now yon know jast how I want y coffee, don't yon V looking at Jane. Jane nodded, bnt Mrs. MampMn fcsen. 'Oh. certainly, certainly. Boil an «gg twenty minutes, add half & cap of co £know,' interrupted Jane, I can alwaya do ae yon did/ , . Rolorcft again escaped to the «« eventually returned with a deep High. A" have to face a good deal of her mnae ttos morning,' ho thought, bat I ehaii have at least a good cop of coffee to brace me. Mrs. Mampson did not abandon the suggestion that grace ehoold be said sne never abandoned anything — bnt the farmer, in aocordsnee with his purpose to be civil, yet pay no attention to her obtraeive ways, gave no heed to her hint Hetfaooght Jane looked apprehensive, and soon learned tne reason. Hia coffee was at least hot, bal seemed exceedingly weak. 4 1 hope now that it's jast right/ said Mrs. Mampson, complacently, 'and feeling eure that it was made just to suit you, I filled the coffee-pot full from the kettle. We can ! drink what we d8sire for breakfast and then the rest oan be set aside nntil dinner time and warmed over. Then you'll have it just to saifc yoo for the next meal, and we, at the lame time, will be praotisiog eoonermy. _ It shall be my great aim to help you eoonsrmise. Any coarse, menial hands can work, bat the great thing to be considered is a caretaker, one who, by thongbtfnlness and the employ ment of her mind, will make the labsor of otfcers effective/ Daring this speech, Holcroft coum only slate at the woman. The rapid motion of her thin j i w seemed to fascinate bim, and he wis in perplexi y over not merely her rapid ntterance, bat also the queries. Hd she maliciously spoiled the coffee? or didn't she know any better ? 'I can't make her out,' he thonght, but she shall learn that I have a will of my own,' and he quietly rose, took the coffee-pot and poured its contents oat of doors ; then went through tbe whole process of making his favourite beverage again, saying coldly, Jane, you had better watch close this time. I don't want any one to touch the coffee pot but you.' Even Mrs Mumpson was a little abashed by his manner, but when he resumed his breakfast she speedily recovered her com placency and volubility. I've always heard,' she said, with her little cackling laugh, ' that men would be extravergant, especially in soma thiogs. There are some things they're fidgrty abont, and wili have just so. Well, weil, who has a better right than a well-to-do, tore-banded man? Woman is to complement the man, and it should be her aim to study the great — the great — shall we say reason, for her being? which is. adaptation,' and she altered the word with feeling, assured that Holcroft could not fail of being impressed by it. The poor mm was bolting snch food as had been prepared in bis haste to get away. ' Yes,' continued the widow, ' adaptation is woman's mission and Really, Mrs. Mampson, yoar and Jane's mission this morning will be to get as much batter as possible oat of the cream and milk on hand. I'il set the old dog on the wheel, and start the charn within half an hoar,' and he rose with the thought, I'd rather finish my breakfast on milk and coffee by and by than stand this/ And he said, ' Please let the coffee be nntil I come in to i show yon about taking oat and working the batter/ Tbe scenes in the dairy need not be dwelt upon. He saw that Jane nrghi be taught, and that she woald probably try to do all that her strength permitted. It was i perfectly clear that Mrs. Mampson was not only ignorant of tbe duties which he had ' employed her to perform, but that she was j aiso too pre-oocupied with her talk and notions of gentility ever to learn. He waB I already satisfied that in inducing him to I engage her, Lemuel Weeks had played bim ! a trick, bat there seemed no other resoarce than to fulfil his agreement. With Mrs. | Mampson in the hoase, there might be less difficulty in securing and keeping a hired girl who, with Jane, might do the essentia! \ work. Bnt the future looked eq unpromising that even the strong coffee coaid not sustain i hia spirits. The hopefulness of the early morning departed, leaving nothing " but dreary uncertainty. Mrs. Mampson was bent upon accom panying him to town and engaging the girl herself. 'There would be great propriety in my doing so,' she argued at dinner, ' and propriety is something that adorns all the hnman race. There would be no great danger of my getting any of the peculiar females snob as yoa have been afflicted with. As I am to superintend her labours, she will look np to me with respect aud humility if she learns from the first to recognise in me a superior on whom she will be dependent for her daily bread. ' No shiftless hussy would impose Upon me. I : woald bring home— how Bweet the word ; sounds ! — a model of industry and patient endurance. She woald be deferential ; she - would know het place, too. Ill pat on mv ! things at onoe, and ' | 4 Excuse me, Mrs. Mumpson, It would I not be right to leave Jane here alone. More- ' over, I'd rather engage my own help.' i ' Bat, my dear Mr. Holoroft, yoa don't j realise— men never do realise— tha! yoa will have a long, lonely ride with a female of 1 unknown — unknown antercedents. It will be ' scarcely respeoterble, and respeeterblHty should hs a man End woman's chief aim. ' Jane Is not a timid child, and in atTorner- ; geney like this, even if ehe was, she would gladly sacrifice herself to sustain rite Ptomie ties of life. New that your life has n under to6W and better auepioss, I feel that I ought to plead with yoa not 'to Mood yoar brightening prospects by a thoughtless n«re- gatd o! what society looks nptin as proper. The eyea of the community will now be upon r 'p® ttttstexeuse me, Mrs. Mampson. All 1 the community Is to keep their eyes on their own business, while I attend to 25?- 5. J7VF- The probability are W A com8 Q0i pa the stage Monday, and be rose from the dinner labia and hastily made Ms prepsmionl fll tare. He was soon driving rapidly away, having a sort of netvons apprehension tat Jane, or the widow, should suddenly appear on the seat beside bim. A basket ot eggs end some inferior batter, with the borat-oat stove, were in his waggon, ed his bank-book was in his pocket. It was with sinking heart that he thought of making farther inroads on Iris small aoenmoletions. Before be was out of eight, Mrs. Mampfon betook herself to the rocking«obalr and began to expatiate on the blindness and obduracy of men in general and of Mr. Holcroft is partiealar. 'They are all moote alike/ she complained, and etraogsly negleobfal of the proprieties of life. My dear, deceased husband, yoar father, wae becoming gradually aeoserble of my value in guiding him in this respect ; and, indeed, I may add in all re speots, when in the very prime of his expand ing manhood be was laid low. Of course, my happiness was buried then, and my heart can never throb agaiu ; bat 1 have a mission in tbe world— I feel it — and here is a desolate home bereft of female icfineooe and consolation, and hitherto p-intnlly devoid of respeeterbility. I onoe called on the late Mrs. Holoroft, and— I most say it— I went away depressed by a seme of her lack of ability to develop in her husband those qualities which woold make him an oner meat to society. She was a silent woman ; she lacked mind and ideas. Shs had seen little of the world, and knew not what was swaying people. Therefore, her husband, having nothing else to think of, became absorbed in the aeoomalation of dollars. Not that I object to dollars — they have their proper place — bat minds sbcald be fixed on all things. We shoald take a deep personal in terest in car fellow-beings, and thus we grow broad. As I was saying, Mr. Ho'oroft was not developed by bis late tponse. He needs awakening, aroasing, Btimalafcbg, drawing oat, and each I feel tc be my mission. I must be patient ; I cannot expect the habits of years to p&es; away nnder a different kind cf female influence, at onoe/ Jane had been stolidly washing and patting away dishes daring this partial address to herself and partial soliloquy; bat now re marked, 'Yoa and me will pass away in a week if yoa go on as yoa've began. I can see it oomin'. Then where'll we go to ?' Yonr words, Jane, only show that yea are an ignorant, short-sighted child. Da you b appose that a woman of my years and experienoe woald make no better provision for the foture than a man's changelal mind — a warped aud undeveloped micd at that ? No ; I have an agreement with Mr. Holcroft. I shall be a member of his household for three months at ieast, and long before thrt he will begin to see everything in a new ligfcl j It will gradually dawn opon him that he has I been, defrauded of proper female in flue nee and soeiety. Now he is crade hs thinks cniy of work and aooamulating ; bat when the work-is done by a menial female's hand, and his mind is more at rest, there will begin to steal in opon him tbe cravings of his micd. He will see that material things are not all in all.' P'raps he will. I don't half know what yon're talktn' about. 'Fi's yoa I'd learn to work and do things ae he wants 'em. That's what I'm going to do. Shall I go now and make np his bed and tidy his room ?' I think I will accompany yoa, Jane, and see that yonr task is properly performed.' Of oonrse yoo want to see everythin' in the room, jast aa I do/ As hoasekeepsr, I should eee everything that is ander my care. That ia tbe right way to look at the matter.' Well, corns and look then.' Yon are becoming slrangely disrerspectfal, Jane.' 'Can't help it/ replied the girl; 'I'm ; gettin mad. We've been elbowed arocni ! long's as I oan remember— at least I've been | —and now we're in a place where we've a right to he, and yon do nothin' bnt talk, talk, talk, when he hates talk. Now you'll go np : in his room and yoa'ii see everything to it, | so yoa could tell it all off to- morrow. Why, ; oan'i yoo see he hates talk and wants some- I thin1 done ?' | 'Jane/ eatd Mrs. Mampson, in her most | severe and dignified manner, you are not only disrerspectfal to yoar parent, bat yoa're a time-server. What Mr. Holoroft wantB is a very secondary matter ; whs! is best for him is the chief consideration. Bat I have touched on things far above j eur comprehension. Gome, yoa can make op ths bed, and I shall inspect, as becomes my station/ (to bb coktikubdo 