victoria /racing club spring meeting; t PROII OUR. SlELliOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) Saturday evening. Tho promises of the, previous dny of glorious weather for the" V.R.C. Spring Meeting were scarcely realised to-day, as the morning broko hot and dusty; a murky sky, and fierce northerly wind, wliilo rain appear, d a possibility of tlie afternoon. By ono o'clock, however, the sun shone through, making tho prospect brighter, but the northerly wind continued, and on the exposed portions of tho grounds the heat was oppressive. The attendance was, however, ex ceptionally large' and distinguished, including tho visitors from ,- Government House, who ar rived pi time for the first race, the party com prising His, Excellency and Lady Loch, His Ex cellency Lord Cnrringtoii, Governor of N.S. W., and Lady Carrington, His Excellency Sir George Strahan, Governor of Tasmania, and His Excel-: lency Sir William- Robinson, Governor of kSouth Australia. The courso was in good going order, and its'- condition caused the bolting to even' up' considerably in the paddock. The -events -for itlie'dny were the Melbourne Stakes, Hotliam Handicap, tlie Maribyrnong Plate, tho Victoria Derby, Selling Race, and Coburg Stakes, and in connection with the great race of the day, the winner was invested with a how of ribbons, and paraded on the lawn, thus for tho first time making tho Derby veritably " tho Blue Riband of the Turf." Tho added money for- the meeting is as follows : — L1000 added to the Maribyrnong Plato ; L2000 added to- the Melbourne Cup, and the total added money for the week, L8,875. During tho day, the Australian Military Band, under Siguor Zelmau, performed on the Lawn, discoursing now music, spocially imported for the occasion. In every way tlie Cominitteo was mindful of the comfort of visitors, aud mauy alterations and improvements were noticeable. The ladies' retiring rooms and refreshment rooms have been materially added to, and groat Hdilitions made to tho 8tnncl accommodation. Tho new Mari byrnong Stand, 250fb long, was opened for the first time, and underneath this Btahcl humorous luncheon parties fouud convenience in tho tables and forms procured for their comfort, while tho additions to the Upper and Lower Grand Stands will not be tested ub to their holding capacity until Tuesday next. Another stand fronting the saddling paddock, GOOft in length, and named the Newmarkot Torrace, was opened for tho first timo, and was largely availed of, but it provides accommodation for 8000 persons. Tho additions made to the Tele graph Office, used by the public, also opened a great convenience, although considerable crush ing was Btill noticeable. While tlieso improve ments for tho benefit of tho Stand, Lawn and Paddock wore made, the Hill had uot been overlooked. A new .Grand Stand has been built, capable of holding 5000, with luncheon rooms underneath. This is certainly tho finest stand at Flomington, and tho best from which to Bee tho race, tho view being magnificent, overlooking Upper Stand, Lawn, Paddock, Carriage Paddock, Reserves, and Courso. Extra facilities were aflbrdod for reaching and leaving the Courso, and from an early hour in the morning tickets were sold at special offices in the city bo as to prevent crushing at tho Spencer-street booking offices. There was as usual a groat straiu on tho resources of the Railway Department, but con sidering that a much larger numbor of people travelled by ruil than on previous years there was some slight improvement, although matters in this direction aro not as satisfactory as thoy might bo. In addition to the many other im provements thero was a new road opened for tho first timo, and by this vehicles from town procoeded to the Course, the road being kept well watered from the Post Office to tho Lawn. Tho first event on tho card — tho Melbourne Stakes, with 300 sovs. added, a woight-for-ngo race — brought out 10 Btarters, Isonomy being tho favourite at 3 to 1. After a magnificont race homo, the evont resulted in a dead boat botwoon iBonomy and Boolka, and it was decided to adopt tho unusual courso of running ofl nftor tho last race. In the Hotliam Handicap 13 horsos faced the starter, and tho event was easily ap propriated by an 8 to 1 horse, Claptrap, who won hard held from tho favourite Hoxlutm. Tho flutter for the Maribyrnong Plato brought out 18 runners, and aftor a splendidly-contested raco the winner turned up in Hortonse, tho favourito being nowhere. Next camo tho evont of tho day — the Victoria Dorby — for which there wore seven starters. The favourite, Tridont, although be uppearcd beaten on entering the straight, overhauled Chesliam, and won easily. Tho event was made what it ought to be — "Tho Blue Riband of tho Turf "—and Trident was adorned with a blue collar-sash aud bow, tho investiture being performed by Harry Smith, Esq., thoact- ing liqn. secretary, after which tlio. winner was- paraded on the Lawn amidst the plaudits of thd spectntors, the Australian Band rendering " Seo the Conquering Hero Comes." The following are the results ; — Melbourne Stakes.- — A sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each with 300 sovs, added. For 3 years old and upwards. Weight for ago. Ono milo and a quarter. Boolka .„ ' ' ... "(Olds) t Isonomy ... (Quinn) t Bravo J , .... : 1 (QaUttghor)v 3. r Tho following -also - started Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling, Industry;— Menotti, Lord Wil liam, Taiqarjsk, p.d(Cfo'srp. Be.tting 3 to 1 against Isbnomy; 4 tq 1 qgninst Sheet Aiichor, 6 to 1 agaiiiBt'tlfdustry) "8'to I Bravo or Lord William. Time — 2 niiii. 13| sees. I The owners of Isonomy and Boolka decided ,to run off after tlie' last race!. . Hotham Handicap.— A' sweepstakes of: 5r sovs. with 300 soys, adclei). Ono milp qud a half and a distance. 'vp '. 'Claptrap.;.' ... ... (Ramage) Hexham (Huxley) 2 ' i I .' Lancer ... (Smith) r 3- , Tho starters wore — Ringmaster, 1 Lancer, Silvor King, First Prince, Lpsbin, .LJexliam, Claptrap, Reuius", Salvo, Gcnoe, The1 Pencil, and Fish-o'Silver. Betting : 3 to 1 against Hexham, C to 1 agaiust First Prince, -8'_ to I against Ringmastor, Claptrap, Salvo, or The Pencil, 10 to 1 against the others. Salvo,: on the rails, was first away, with Remus. -last. As .they passed tlie Stand Salvo had a lead oLHsx-- : ham, who was a little in front of Lancer, with Lesbia and Fish o'Silver third, and 'Claptrap and First Prince lqst. At the turn the order was; the same, but as tlie rivor si'de was left 'behind Hexham ' appplaiited '' Salvo, Lanobr being third. Hexhum continued to hold his own, und.at tjlp fay turn .was running just clear of .Salvo, Lesbia being third, with 'The Pencil nnd Fish o'Silyer f ill i rig 4 the next position. Before thq abattoirs were reached Salvo was again in front, with Lesbia next, and Ringmaster last. .Salvo and Lesbia! showed the lead in the. run by the sheds, Hexham being at the head of the othors, with Fish o' Silver showing well up on the outside. At the tqrn Claptrap came through liis field liko a flnsh of lightning, aud was soon lengths in front of everything. Finding that ho was winning so easily Ramago eased Mr Wliittingliiun's repre sentative, but even tlieii he won by over three lengths from Hexham, Lancer a good third. The Pencil was fourth. Fish o' ' Silver fifth, Salvo sixth, Ringmaster seventh, Lesbia eighth, Genoe ninth. First Prince got rid of his rider, Sanders, near the river. Time — 2 min ,524 see. . i .:l ? The Maribyrnong Plate. — A sweepsstakes , of 30' sovs with '1000 added. " ' < ; 1 r,n .» I ; i '?/' Hortense.. ... .... . ... (Campbell) 1 Huntinglower ' ... J. ' -(Kelso) 2. 'Bedouin ... .... ... (Power) 3 The following were the runners : — Hortonse, .Bedouin, Matamua, Essex, Escutcheon, Albert, Loddon, Jebusite, Loyalist, Aberdeen, Hunting-, .tower, Perhaps, Mistletoe, Fancy Free, Eckers- ley, Esperance, Lava, Ocenna, Mirquda, .Hunt- 'ingtoiver, Perhaps, Mistletoe, and Albort Loddon appeared tq be the first away, very little timo having been lost in getting then) off. Aberdeen showed in front as the Band track was, reachod. Huntingtower, Perhaps, and Lava, showed well at the head of the others into the course proper, and then Bedouin lie)d - a slight lead of Perhaps, Miranda, Hnnting- tower, and Oceania showing moBt prominently behind them. At the distance Oceania nnd Huntingtower were loading, Aberdeen showing next. Hortense had everything elso in trouble at tho half distance, and cumo on with a lead of Bedouin, apparently winning easily. Kelso, however, brought Huntingtower along .with a good rattle opposite the stand, and Hbrtense only heat the colt ! by a short half length. Bedouin was close up third, Lava fourth, Aberdeen fifth, Eekersloy sixth, and Essex and Mistletoe last. Time— 1 min 7 see. The Victorian Derby. — A sweepstakes of_ ; 25sovs with CnO added (133 subs.)' One'mile) and. a, half., , .. . ' ,' \ Hon. J. White's oh o Trident . ,... (Hales) ' 1 Mr D. Cooper's elf o Chesliam ( (Robertson) 2 Mr A. R. Blackwood's Aglaos ... (Power) -3 : The other starters wore ::First Consul, Kiiigfish, Volcano, and Maddelina." Latest betting : 2 to' 1 on Trident, 5 to -1 against Maddelina, 10 ' to 1 Volcano; 12 . to 1 First Consul or Chesliam, 20 to'l Aglaos'or KingfiBh. Chesliam was very troublesome at the post as was alBO Aglaos, while First Consul wiib evidently master of O'Brien. Tridont appeared tolerably quiet, but Volcano was apparently in clined to trouble Ellis slightly. After consider-; able trouble Mr Watson got them uway, Aglaos huing next the rails, Maddelina being in the extreme outside. Chesliam was the first 'away, hut was immediately led by Volcano, and as they swept past the stand the ordor ran Vol-, cano Chesham, Kinglish, Maddelina, Tridentand Aglaos touotlux' and Firoi Cuaul last. Hounding tho turn towards tho river this order was maintained, Volcano increasing his lead to three lengths, whilst Chesliam led Kiiigfish by two lengths, Maddelina and AglaoB being a short distance behind, Tridont, hard held, hav ing fallen back. Trident threaded Ihb horses by tho river bend, nnd, joining his stable com panion, tho pace was made a crackor, KingfiBh joining Mr White's pair. Volcano was allowed to go in front ; passing the bridge, HaleB easing off slightly ; and tho former took Chesham with him at a couple of longtlis distance, ahout the space separating Mr Cooper's chestnut from Kiiigfish, whose rider, M'Grade, evidently found that his horse could not live the pace. Trident had been allowed here to fall back be hind the leading trio, about a length separating him from Maddelina, who was followed by Aglaos and First Consul at about tho sqtne dis tance. No - change in tho relative positions took placo, tho horses going in processionnl order round to the bond,- where Kingfish and Trident hud cliangod places, and Maddelina, who had tired away, fell back three lengths behind Mr Hill's Kingfish. When the abattoirs were reached, Volcano still was in tho van, with Chesham a couple of lengths nway, and 'tlfo favourite was three lepgtlis fur ther off, but ' ho .was going well .within himself. Tho terribly Bevero pace at which Volcano had led his field now began to tell, Kingfish having dropped back 7 or 8 lengths behind the leader, Maddelina and AglaoB being together, two " lengths away, First Consul still being in 'the rear. Round' by tho BliodB Trident came a length nearer CheBliam, who was allowed to creep up on Volcano, King fish being 4 lengths behind, followed by Aglaos and Mnddeliim. From there rounding into tho straight, it waa evident that Volcano had ful filled his mission, and was allowed to drop out, but as HaleB passed him oil Tridont on tho outsido Ellis pulled his horso out the wny, and ii torforod with Tridont, who for a moment was thrown out of hiB Stride. He soon recovored himself, however, nnd challenged CheBliam, who was coming with ii couple of longtliB lead at a great pace, Kiugfish having conio up third, but at n long distance bohind. Chesliam led into tho straight, and Robertson found it nocossury to use both whip and spur, as at tho distance HuIcb witli one qf li'is famous rushes ranged up alongside of tlio clioBtnut, nnd together thoy raced almost ncclc and neck until half way homo, .when tho favourite gradually got Lis nose past Robertson's mount on the outside, and increasing gradually won by 2i lengths, both animals being all i out. A"laos" led tlio bonten division 20 lengths behind tho first pair, followed at intorvals by First Consul, Kingfish and Maddelina. Volcano acting as wliipper iu. Timo— 2 min. 39 sees. Selling Race. — A sweepstakes of 3sovs, with 150 added. The winner to bo sold for L150 ; 71b allowed for overy LfiO reduction in Belling price. Sovcn furlongs. Huron (Howie) 1 The Ghost (Gorry) 2 Stafford Yri ... ... ' (Fiddes) 3 Tho stavters wero :— The Baron, Huron, Ell ington, Stafford, Louis, . the Ghost, Straight Sho', Roysterer. Time — lmin. 29sec. The winner was bought in for L250' guineas, all of which goes to the club. Coburg Stakes;— A Handicap aweepstakea of : 5sovs, with 200 added. Ono mile and a fur long. Daystar ... (Williams) 1 St. John '(Williamson) 2 (Hogmanay ' ... (Robertson) 3 I Tho following j. horses ran William Tell, Dunlop, Loi'dWiltOn, Satyr, Recall, Gardonin, St. John, Tho Nun,"' PocohnntaB, The Agent, Newmnstev, Hogmanay, Albanas, Marouey, Myall King, G'oldlakc, Tho Fobber, Rosary, and paystar. William Toll was soonest away, getting about three lengths tho best of the start. At ,tho abattoirs William Tell and Pocahontas led by two lengths. In the straight a grand race between Daystar and St. John ended in a victory for the former. I The dead lioad for the Melbourne Stakes re sulted as follows in the run-off: — ' ; Isonomy...- ... ... (Quiu) .1 i Boolka (OWb) 2 