A,A UESTION OF PRO . PRIETORSHIP. Irt - S:-'A STORY OT THE MIICHIGAN .UNIVERSITY. *------4---- -BY rLoonn Srsain, in 1Detroit Free Press.' 'N Ws John Wentworth put the last touches 11 to his work he stood back and regarded it .. with admiration. He stood with his hands in his pockets and his cap well back on his la- hoed, and he felt that glow of eelfoantifaection ,k which a man feels who has just finished a d og and arduous task. "Well," he said, as he turned his head, now this way, and then that, "I call that a is firet-claus job, by CGeorge l" ;o It was certainly a most complete piece of y mechanism, every joint perfectly fitted, yet Sperfection is never altogether appreciated, ;"sand shen irs. Jones, the landlady, deceived p_ by the silencain supposing that Wentworth had gone out, and thinking the present a it good tiie .to fix up the room, came in, she b gave a eorecm of terror, and, on catching her 1 obreath, cried: . "Laws, Mr. Wentworth, what a start that " horrid thing did give' m. You're not going to keep that in the house, DIr. Wentworth ?" "hire. Joets, let ru present you to our dis' r tingulahed fellow.lodger, J. W. Stodgers. I • venture to say that a more complete or hand. e soer<ekeleton cannot be .found in -Ann Arbor, Mrs. Jones, if I did wire him myself. John W. willi give you little trouble, Mirs.. Jones, and if, wjlen.wo'rc out, you give him a littleotoech up with the. duster he will not only appreciate it, but yoi will also oblige Ir..Smilio and myself, for we are partners in SW. Stodger." , S"Mercy sakes,-I'll never come into this room i that 'skeletorn is to be here." ' "Oh, John W. is harmless. Beeides, ho has been -in'that box here for. som weeks; I've only helped hiin to colleot himself, as it were." . At this moment the lower aw of the.skullI dropped with a click to au anglo of forty.five,' and Mlrs. Jonos gave atnother little shriek as ,ho looked with averted gaze at the sort of dry, bony, -silent, fixed laugh of the skeleton. " That," 'aid Wentworth, with'pardonabla pride, "is a little device of my own. That jaw stays in place about half an hoar and bhen drops.- l By the wayjurt notice what'sa loavely eet'of teethJohn W. has., That's the fault'I fltd with most of our American skele tons. They have poor teeth. It seemed to' Smilio and me that this tallow must have' been an nlogliehmani,ho' had such good grinders, ,so we christened him Stodgers, an aristoeratic name over there I am told." " It gives me the chills to look at it;" said Mrs. Jones. The'fading afternobn light threw. deep shadows in the eyelees sockets that cave MIrs. Jones an uneasy feeling that the selbe. ton was looking at her. : - < "That's because you always hbd 'Lits'to -board hero instead of lMedics.' You'll get used to John W. He's an unobstrusivoe cus. If everybody, minde4d hiss own business with the exclueiveness J. W. does there wouldnt be much trouble in this world.!'. : Wentworth. bitte~ly iremembered .this ro. marklater on.. 'At this moment young Smilie camea n. S"By. Jove," said Smilio, 'in .dmiration, "you've done that up tiptop, John. Thunder, . I call that's triumph,'" and he walked airound .. oad took ashldo view of'it; " That's whht.I call a deuced good job for a first attempt.. Did sou'ever see anythinghandsoinor, Mrs; Jonesl" " Mrs. Jones thinks rho has," said Went. worth., ,, It's awful,," shuddered hrs. Jones, "To' think that that was alive and walked around litro the rest of us - "'And thop hast walked about, bow strange d story,'" quoted Smilir. That's so, it's routh on J. W., isn't it?" Mrs. Jones went down stairs and the medi.. cal students oloed the door. "His jaw dropis a little, John, said Smaile. '"That's all rights show the.action, you: know," and Wentworth with a- ruler touched?: John W. under the chin and the two gleam. ing rows of teeth came together andremained in that fixed grin so cbaracteristio of all skele tone. - ?Weatworth-had pleced a narrow tablo against the wall, and on it John W."sat with his skull fastened to the wallo as to a keep'. - him upright, while' his apiudley. white loge dingled down and swayed gently toand fro, when the doer opened or a breeze came through the window. 'The medical students eat down, and Went. worth was telling Smilio how he shad over. come certain dilliculties in artioulation, when there entered 'with unnecessary dnileno a. strang'r. " Exeiiesme, gentlemen," he said. "Beg your pardoi," said Wentworth, I didn't hear you inockalr." -"Ididn't knock." "Oh;" i . - - b" Take a chair," eaid Smilie. "I will stay but 'a few'moments," replied ,tha stranger. Of course neither of the young men knew all the hundreds of students at the University, rbut they thought the stranger belonged to one of the departments; although it seemed odd that he ehould enter without rapping. "Havo a cigar," said Wentworth, pushing tem box towards him. - ," I coins on business," said the other, "and':: do not omoela. .That is my skeleton." ! Oh, excuse me," cried Wentworth. ""I aiticulateod John W. myself." "Whom?" :'.:::- ' 'John'W. ' We call him Stodger.. John W. ' 'Stodgers., " .,_..,.. +a- -. SYes. For convoinieneo. Dan't;anppos that 'as ble name." '!It certainlywasenot " e ` o . " "How do you kilow?"'' " Because I tell you the ekeleton is mine." " Show him our receipts for the body, Jobn.::. You don't understand; I guese;e that Wente. worth and I bought the body and' have tihe receipts. It's not a store ekelelon. It isJohn's' upper and my lower and so-we fixed up ,the "I wish to see no receipts. You don't; p . pear to understand me;" When IB-was alive that skeleton was the frame work of my body." "When you were alive " Cortainly." ` " What are you note I You don't mean to pretend that youpalm yourself off as a ghost on us." "If you have any doubts about the matter, just throw that ruler, at mc." Smilio at once took the straoger at his word and the ruler met no oppoeition, but apparent. ly passed thlrough the spectre, and fell clatter ing to the floor. At that instant the janw of the skeleton fell with its sudden olick, and in the silence tlrt ensued it eeemed to regard theo spirit with a sort of gleam of recognition. Weontworth walked across the room andl picked up the ruler. Coming back he snapped the laws shut and Eat down. " That's singular, to say the least, John," said Smilio, helplessly. At this moment there was a knock at theb deoor. "Come," shouted Smilio. In the gloom they recognised Tom Fulmor one of the students: " Excuse me," said Tom, seeing a stranger present and preparine to withdraw. "No, no, coma in, Tom; you're just the man we want to see." Tom took the chair offered to him, "I don't just know how to introducem you,"' (To obe Cetsn,'ed.) 455. 