MY WIFE OR HIS. nr OLEMENTINE MONTAGU. 4 'i PoJf," 27s Lady of the Holm," " 1Ropse of Sand,' " Life or Honour," 'c., ice. or OUSD8 ?ItAYS0-z'an "GGr u mo sixpence, lady, for the love of heaven, to stand between me and etarvatioe4" The words were sharply, almost' fiercely spoken, and the wild, wan face of a woman looked in upon pretty Minnie Grayson as she sat in her fathers comfortablo carriage outside the bank door one fair spring morning, with the sun shining down upon the grim city street, and making oven the dingy heart of London bright w ith its silent blessing. There were floweros there, too, bringing sweet re miniscences of country lanes and fragrant gardens; the hurrying wayfarers going to and fro about their daily business had posies in their button holes; and the girl whom the clerks of "Grayson's " patronised for their morning bloss-ms was flitting about in a clean apron and marvellous arrangement of hair and hat, comfortably conscious of having done pretty well with her daily basket; and hopeful of further favours when luncheon time came and the gentlemen were astir once more. Perhaps the brightness everywhere, and the goneraml air of content which bright weather always produces, made the woman who had spoken to tie yoang lady appear more miserable still; she looked like a wan ghost as she stood there regarding the cushioned carriage and its occupant with a hungry wolfish stare that spoke volumes, and told its own tale to the girl whom sheke addressed. She was a young woman, this hopeless looking waif; not more than three or four and twenty at most, and she had been beautiful in her girlhood, there could be no doubt of that; her features were regular, and her eyes good, and the hair that was tumbling out of her shapeless bonnet behind was abundant and wavy. She was thin to emaciation, and her clothing was of the scantiest and most wretched description, hardly sufliing to cover her decently; but a tiny child she canried in her arms, though as starved looking as herself, was more warmly wrapped. It was rolled in a shawl, while its mother's shoulders were bare but for her poor dress, which looked as if a gust of wind must blow it off her back, so thin and worn was it. Miss Grayson took in all the details at a glance, and did not shrink as the woman almost put her head in at the carriage window. "No, don't do that, please," she said as the fussy bank porter came down the steps and bade the beggar "be off or he would give her in charge." S"I am going to give her something." ' "Btter not, Miss; she's only a drunken tramp," the man said: it was his ollice to keep all trampsand vagrants away from the clean steps and the great awing doors that were opening and shutting all day long at the touch of busy people, amongst whom poverty and hunger had no place, and his lofty soul could not bears the thought of such profanation as the touch of a creature like this on his masters carriage door. She was impudent too, for shek turned upon him fiercely, and said bitterly, "That's a lie, and you know it. I'm starving, and you would hinder the lady from giving i:e bread. 'Let her alone, Turvey, if you please," Minnie Grayson repeatel. "I thinhmk 'she is speaking the truth. I don't think she is drunk.' "No, as heaven bears me I am not," was the -passionate reply. " Unly famished and desperate." "I am so sorry,' and the bright girlish face was turned to her with a smile of sVmpathVy and sweet ness. "See here, get something to cat and feed the baby Is it your Laby ?" " Yes, he's mine,- all I have in the worvd," the woman said, her hard voice toning down to inex pressible tendernes s ias e put aside the shawl and shoved the banker's daughter the sleeping child, painfully thin, but c?ean e.nd remarkably rretty,-an infantine likeness of herseli : " but for him I 'should have tried whe:hter the other world that the parsmons p reach about is better than this, lung ago. It can't be worse any way." "Oh hush! don't talk like that," Minnie Grayson said; 1 you ase worn out and hungry. Now go and get some food and dyou will fel more hopeful. Where is your husland ? " "In his grav'e for asght I know,' was the bitterly coaes:ss reply ; " taksing care of himself if he is alive. I have never seen him since my buy was a month old. God bless Eou, lady, for your goodness; I think but for this I should have gone straight to the river with my, hibd. There seems no ptace in the world for us, and msen's hearts ar, so hard; they woot spare a penny to keenp a little baby from'dying of hunger." "I am glad you asked me. What is your nam ? " "1 My name is Charlotte Sydney," the woman re plied. "Will you tell me yours, lady, that I may remember it in my prayers. I do pray sometimes whn I think heaven wml listen to me." " I am Miss Grayson. I should like to help you more if-" "If we ever meet again. It is hardly likely we shall Your road in life lies amongst the flowers - mine amongst the ,ramibles ; but if we ever do meet again, if I can serve you in any fashion-- and such a thing might be -I will lay down my life for you if need be; not so much for the money," and she looked at the glittering half crown that lay in her hand, "as for the k:nd words you have spoken to me. For all these rags I am a woman still, with a woman's heart and a woman's feelings, and from my heart I say God b1less you." All her fierceness {as gone now. With the help the desperation was over, and there were te:ars in her eyes and on her cheeks, and the hand that held the money shook like a leaf as she put it up to hide the tell-tale drops. Some one was coming out of the bank and sle turned away. " If ever I can serve you," she said " you shall see how I will remember this day. It does not seem likely, but the mouse helped the lion ooe you know, and heaven might give me a tchance --who knows?" She disappeared with a suddenness that was almost startling before Miss Grayson had time to speak again, and just as a young man came down the hank steips towardss the carriage, Ile caught eight of the woman as she spoke her last words with her face at the window, and -tartel violoutly, with the colourfading for u moment out of his cheeks aund a curious far-away look ousing into his teyes, asdl he paued a moment before approachling the young lady whom she had left. "So that is Miss Grayson, is it?" hlie said sto himself. "I don't wonder the fellows in yondler rave about her, --a perfect face, and yes. ltBah! Arthur Clifford, you ought to look beyond teia'iy; she may be an animatled doll, and yet she waas something beyond that a momonet ago when she was talking to that tramp. How came a beggsr weoman to be annoving her. They ought to lootk aterthines belier thasi ithat." " Miss Gravson, I presumme-T am desired to say," "3Minnio Gesyson stisrted, asd cams li k to the * world from the rolmanee sheo ha l heen weaving s ibout the woman who had boged of her, sns [ oi t when! abe had been inmgiiing a histirv as ehe tried to see which way ehe went. lilushing at her own absen,'o of iind she leksoike ip to soe thi very lsndsoms sts man rhe had over seen in her life lasindnli at the ciariage door. tie was aurt-headed, and the sin glinting an his fair hs r lit it up :ill it -lihni like gold. lie had regulhi feat'es and a perfect hsnds and his eyes wero looking straighl into tas with ,a explession thaut osli si, 1 csn iniutsb it IaI hi not known very well howto suiLd . it into resc'e tsful admiraticn. 11e was fiultltsly drc sei; Iis clothes hsl the indcscrihable '"hall mark " of a fas-hionuhll tailor, and he wore a Ilowerist his butlonsole--n'-t the regulation violots ane pris.rosos that thi girl in the white apron sold, and sith which his fisl' r s in the bank-l-ay, even Mr. Gracsos himself iei estisfied, but a mors,:l of m sidenhsir ti-ers, and a tiny cluster of hot-house blosso?ms? of as iale pink colour that showed up aihuiraliv on his black co il. SI beg your pardon," Mlinnio ;raoi said with a blush and u smile. " Wcre vou sl.eakinrt to ,, o?" She divined that he had &no;~ out of the bank, though ehe hadsnever seen hiss befsse. She did nst know all the employ,'s there by sight; and she rather wondered that this particslur tore ohius have Skeopt out of h-c sight till nisv. It was a proof hsut hoe was a gentlem is sot thouish, for her ai'eiarancse at the dooros the few o' vissisns that ltook her ts the city was generally a sigsal for alltho cleihs iho younger ones espeeially--tvotse sos.e Ir'sis,, bushiess that shui li uke thisis as far us the steps st least, that this might hase a peep at their divinity. They were all in love with Isir of cou'se. llinnsi mied to laugh merrily at home wlen she talkled sf the bank and her srm' of sidmlirers theres; but she was couri-eus to them 1i when anythings took her lo the city. aul turned their seads tilt their feelings found wont in the poet's corness of local nvespsirrs, and imi ie"lh careful dressing and adorning in case eto esduld come again and take thmor unawares. flut this now Adonis was not onwi ofttilire-eo h0 some, thing very different; and Minnie felt herself tremb ling as he looked at her and spoke in a voice the like of which she had never heard before for music. "I was speaking to you," hbo said courteously; "Mr. Grayson requested me to come and my that he should bo detained an hour, and to noh you whether von would drive or wait in llt roomf" -. "I will drive," she replied, taking further note or a ring that he wore and the whiteness of the hand that rested on the ledge of the window. "Tell papa, please, that I will go to my aunt's and come back for him. Do you belong to the hank? I beg your pardon for asking, but I don't think I have seen you here before."O " Most likely not. I have the honour of being on your father's sEtaiff, hut I have only recently joined it; I am happy in having heen selected by him to hear you his messa go, since it has allowed me to make your acoluaintanae." " Hardly that, sir," Minnie replied with just a little pique. "I do not know who you are!" "I am Arthur Clifford, at your service," he replied with a smile; "clerk in the famous house of Grayson & Co.; for the rest a poor gentleman with nothing left him but his name, on which he cannot live without work." He bent his handsomeO head as he epoke, and asked what directions he should give the coachman, and again the rich colour mounted to Minnie Graln'son' cheek as she answered him, "Tell him Chesham. place, please," she replied ; "he knows where.' Th'Ie order was given, and the carriage rolled away and Arthur Clifford went back to his place with thoughts of M1innie to come between him and his work for thereat of the day. "A lady," he said to himself, "perfectly dressed, and with beauty a princess might covet-and a girl to be won, if shek is not woniatready. Arthur Clifford, you will be a fool if you do not improve the occasion." It was well the new clerk had nothing very import ant on hand that afternoon, for he fell into a brown study instead of attending to his work, and the subject of it was the beggar woman he had seen talking to his employer's daughter. "What became of her I wonder?" he said to him self ; "she seemed to vanish into the earth. Did Miss Grayson know her I wonder? Surely not. It was accident that she was there. What are the police about? I wonder that people like that are allowed to hang about the doors of respectable houses. Which way could she have gone? I should like to find out. Perhaps Turvey can tell me." He took occasion to ask that important person in the course of the afternoon; but Turvey could tell him nothing. Indeed he rather resented being questioned bya clerk, firmly believing himseif. in point of importance, superior to all the clerks in the house put together. "I didn't see where she went," he replied in a tone that was intended to infer that it was none of his business to see. " Mis Grayson chose to speak to her and gave her something. I didn't scee her afterwards." "I don't know what the police are about," Arthur Clifford said, "to allow tramps like that to hang about a lady's carriage and beg. Miss Grayson might have been frightened and insulted. And - "Miss Grayson can take care of herself," Turvey said shortly, "and I was here to see that there was no harm. She chose to speak to the woman, and it was no one's place to say she shouldn't do it." And Turvey turned on his heel and walked into the hank leaving Arthur Clifford feeling very much as if the consequential porter had had the best of it. "An impudent rascal that !" he muttered as he returned to his place. " If ever I can teach him his pace I will; and I think the time may come when I shall have the power. The ball is at my foot here if-aye, if ; there's much virtuo in that little word. Touchstone was no fool when he said that. 31innio Grayson-a sweet name and a sweet presence that belongs to it- will she ever give me another thought I wonder ?" She was giving him a good many even then. She had never seen anyone so handsome, nor looked into eyes so winning. She was an impulsive girl, with a heart over-fowing with love for everybody and everything that went to make up the sum of her human happiness, and a head full of romance-the outcome of a somewhat solitary lifo for a girl of eighteen. She was motherless and her father's idol; the real mistress of a household, every member of which lovaed her dearly, and it was small wonder if she were different from other girls and inclined to live in a world of her own, or that she built a castle as abe drove through the busy streets, of which this golden-haired stranger was the inhabitant and master. CHAPTER IL TILE NEW CLOOL. "O expectution fails, and most oft there Whore most t promises." -Sktpa IT was Arthur Clifford who handed Miss Grayson out of the carriago and escorted her to her father's private room when the hour had expired, and oho returned to the bank. He had been on the look out for another sight of the pretty face and the speaking eyes, and though he had no orders to be in attendance, it seemed to be the right thing for him to do. He was there as naturally as if he had always been accustomed to wait upon ladies, and the other clerks looked on with envy as Minnio in her tasteful dress, and with the easy grace that was part of her nature, passed though their midst to the sanctum of their chief. "Insufferable prig! impertinent upstart! interfer ing humbug!" were some of the epithets hurled at the handsome clerk mentally, as he came back to his place, and his next neighbour, one of the sorely stricken and most poetical of the "noble army of martyrs," as the young lady had once designated her city admirers, was moved to express his wrath openly, and to ask Mr. Clifford if he thought himself everybody that he should go handing people out of carriages like that. "Happened to be on the spot, dear boy," was the cool answer. "You wouldn't have had me leave it to old Turvey, wouldyou? A lady always expects these little attentions from any gentleman who happens to be at hand." There was no gainsaying this, and the offended party had to contend himself with saying very pointedly, "Gentleman indeed l" and going on with his work very rapidly and stiffly for the rest of the afternoon, which amused Mr. Clifford very much, and did not annoy him in the least. He had advanceda step by the little action. Miss Grayson had accepted his aid as naturally as if she had known him all her life, and her father had looked up from his papers as sho entered his room and said, "Ah, thank you, Clifford. I was too busy to come out for my daughter," and had dismissed' him with a friendly nod. "Who is he, papa?" asked Minnie, as soon as the door had closed behind him, and Mr. Grayson looked up in surprise at iher eager tone. ' Who is who, my dear ?" " " That gentleman - the one who came in with me?" "One of the clerks-n fresh one since you were here." "Yes, I know; but he is a gentleman, papa. Bo is so dilferent from the rest, with their hot, redhands and their dreadful boots. Ilo is quite the handsomest man I ever saw. Where does he come from? Tell me all about him this minute." "My dear child -do sit down! No, over there," as Minnie perched herself on his knes and was pro ceeding to rullo his hair and give him a rakish appearance completely out of keeping with the bank parlour. Suppose anyone should come ?" "No one will come nowe, papa; it is nearlyclosing time. Now, then, I am as demure as an elderly owl. 'Tell me all about Mr. Clifford; ho's splendid!" "' there's nothing much to tell," the banker replied. "You must notlet your head run on hand. some clerks, little one. Clifford came to me in the ordinryv way of business. IHe is the son of a man who once helped me in a crisis that meant ruin for me, and I promised then, that if I could over serve him or his, I would do rot but for that, I should not have taken his son into the bank." "Why not, papa ?" "Because I don't like him, child. I----" "Not like him. papa l" "No." "Why ?' "Ah, there you puzzle me-it is a case of Hr. Fell, I suppose. IIo is attentive and civil-a little inclined to give himself nirs, I fancy; but scrupulously polite and respectful to mone and all who are oabove him.. But for all that I don't like him." "You would like him if you knIow him, perhaps,' HMinnio said meditatively. "I am caure he is nice." " I muist keep this girl of mine from coming to the bank," lMr. Grayson said to himself as he gathered up his privato papers and prepared to go. " It won't do to have her making a hero of this yellow-haired follow." And then ho put on his hat and led his daughter out through the long outer room to the carriage, and they drove away, the admiration of all eyes as the coachipan tmado his way carefolly through the throng of carriages and pedestrians that the closing hour had let loose. Thera were plenty of people in the city who could remember the time when Paul Grayson was only a struggling clerk, whose salary at most was a pound a week, and who had a wife and little children to keep out of that. He had not been born to tha hbank, nor to the handsome fortune and the big house by the river a few miles out of town, which was his home. He had lived a life of struggling poverty for years, and had seen his wife and children want bread before he had come to hbe master of the business that bore his name now. l ehad had anoy children, but they had all gone exocept this one, the vo-ngest and the best loved of there all ; they had died of various complaints in. cidental to infany and childhood, but one name might have oeen given to all the causes- insuftiient nourishment and scanty clothing when they needed it most. Ile hlsd to keep the semblance of a gentle man, outwardly at least, and be respectably clad, or his 1Lace woubld have bees in jeopardy. And his wife had to shift and struggle at home as best she might. lie neer spoke of that time now, nor of the little graves that would never have Leon itdae if he had been able to earn just a few more shillines in the we.k : hut 3Minnie had seen the tears come into his eves when he looked at a fair fragile-losking face that hung in his doessing room-the mother whom she trie I in vain to remember, and whose life had well nigh faded out before the good fortune came that was to raise her husband from poverty to pro sperity in a single day. Minnie was a baby when her father save-I the life of his employer in a carriage accident, alb.,st at the risk of his own; and the grateful banker, finding out his merit now, promoted hie to the highest place he could give him, and dying a year or so after, left him the nucieus of the fortune that had since grown to such colossal proportions. Well ads iteed, and clear th aded on his own as ount into the bargain, he tought a share in a business that seem, d languaishing for want of fends, and in three years he was Leing talked ab ut as one of the most rising men of the da) HIe seemed to have no o jest in life but the one of getting on. He was devoted to his business: there was no one to share his triumph or his hopes now. He had laid his wife beside their children in the first days of their bettered iforstune', and the remem brance of what might have been if the sun-hine had not come too late, made him a silent, smileles man, thinking only of business and the game of profit and loss. It was not till his child was growing rnto a pretty little fairy-a very sunbeam in her aunt's house where he had placed her to he brought up-that he began to think that life might be worth living for something more than money making after all. His child was her mother's image and filled his heart with sweeter memories every time he looked into her bonnie face. He must make a home for Minnie, he said, and forthwith gave up the dismal house in a dull subur ban square which had satisfied him hitherto, and pourchased an old mansion standing in its own gro?:nds on the hanks of the river near Teddingtoen, and settled down happy in his child's society, and the knowledgethat she would tearich woman when his career should be ended. Minnie could just remember going to Iinnoull House, but her life before had come to be a blank to her now-all her pleasant memories, and life had been made very pleasant to her were of the old brick mansion with its stately gardens like Hampton Court on a small scale, and its soft green turf reaching down to the water's edge. It had been some time uninhabited when Mr. Grayson found it out and became its owner. It was not modern or fash?onablo enough for the require ments of the millionaires of the mercantile world, and it was too large for any but a really rich man to think of. Under its present owner's management it had become one of the lovliest places on the river. He had improved it without altering its main charae teristics, and it looked as quaintly pieturesque now in its rennovation as when a friend and adherent of the luckless Charles Stuart was its master and possesor. Minnie Graysen delighted in the old memories and traditions of the place. There were corrilrs and queer hiding- places all over the house, that she peopled at once with ghosts of the exciting past; andin the suite of rooms that were appropriated to her use there was an odd, old window, with its eriginal glass intact on which some one who loved the king had scratched a name and the date of his execution-a certain "Dame Eleanor Kintoull," of whom there were other records about the house in the shape of bits of carving and indented names, and whom Minnie used constantly to picture to herself as ae strong-minded woman, ready to die for her opinions if need be, and the very opposite of dear Aunt Esther, who was her fathers housekeeper, and had been her mother ever since she could remember 'aything. _ Miss Grayson, who would be Miss Esther to the end of her days from force of habit with everybody, was a phecidwhite-hairedlittlewoman with the shadow of a past sorrow on her face, and a large heart that took in everything that came near her-especially everything that wanted help and comforting. She had been ter brother's stay and right hand all through his widowed life, and the clever director of his hous-hold since he had purehasoed Kinnonll Heouse. She was older than her brother by a few years, though her white hair and the natty elderly fashion she had of dressing herself made her look as if she might be his mother; for the banker looked like aman in the prime of life still. "A woman sith a story," people were apt to say when they looked at Miss Esther s face and heard her gentle voice; and there had been a story in her life-a tale of hope and love and happiteiess, all cut short in one brief moment by a terrilie catastropho. She was to have been married-well, for her- for her position was humble and her parents poor. Her intended husband was in a good way of business, andthey loved each other. There was the sting of it when the misery catmo-the breaking of the link well nigh wrenched the life out of her yo.eg heart and left her a lonely old woman from that hour old in sorrow if not in years from the hoeur when she turned in all her bridal array from bc-ide the couch where they had laid all that was left her of her lover. He had been killed on his way to the church, even while she was preparing to s,:t forth to meet him there; and she was left to mourn him till the lifting of the eternal veil for her also should show her the meaning of the sorrowful fate that had been her portion. "Come and keep house for me, Esther," her brother had said when he, too, was left in lonely madness,and she had gone gladly and thankfully, and made a gracious mistreets of his house and a good mother to his child. "I want to ask auntie to help me to do some thing," Minnie said to her father as they drove along through the sweet spring sunshine and left London behind them. "Wmhat is it, child P" " A woman came and begged of me to-day while I was sitting in the carriage at the bank door, and-" "Where was Turvoy that such a thing was allowed?" MIr. Grayson msaid impatiently. " t have given nueh strict ordear that no tramps shall be allowed to hang about there." "tTurvey did loin beat, papa; it wasm't his faolt. He came and wanted to drivethe Woman'away; buat I made him let her aloos. l'apa,'I shoald like to find her and help her." "What sort of a woman was she, my dear ?" "Young, I am sure, and had been so pretty. She had a little baby in her arms, and-'" "And I think you had better leave her alone, my dear; you are just the sort of lassie that a clever beggar would fix upon to make up a story to." "I don't think abe was making up a story, papa. She asked me quite fiercely for something to keep her from starvation, and her eyes looked quite wolf sh, as if eke were really hungry. eke spoke like an educated woman, toe." "What did she my tI youP What excuse did hsh make for begging of you e They generally have one ready." 'eNothing, except hanger. I asked her if the baby was hers, and ahe said yes, and sho did not know where her husband was." "No, S daresay not." "And she said such a curious thing to me when she went away." "What was that ?" t "She said, God bless me?. "Of course - blesinga come very glibly from people like that." "Ah! but that was not it. She said, if ever the *day came when she could do anything for me, site would not forget what I laid done for her. I don't amow why I remembered it so, but I san't get it out of my head. She said the mouse helped the lion once, and the day might come when she could be of sne to me. 1lo syou think she ever will, papa':" "SMy dear child, I would put her out of my head altogether, if I were you," Mr. Grayson replied. 'I heard something of her from Turvey. It seems Cliltord noticed her as he came out to give you my message, mrd said something that Turva y considered impertitent to him. Hoxt to myself, Turvoy con olders hiselsf ths most impootant perste about ths ilrt loolks like a disguised duke,* Minnie said, laughing. "He was disgusted with me for givinthe poor woman anytl?ing. I do hope I shall see her again some day. She interested me very much; it was such a sweet, sad face!' Mr. Grayson did not answer; he was not interested in Minnie's beggar. He would give to any one that asked of him, and was as charitable a man as ever lived; but he was jealous for his daughter, and weould have kept her from contact with anything that was sad or sagreeable, if he could h?ave ordered things for her as he chose. The woman was an nimpostor. no doubt-perhaps a thief; someone with a borrowed or hired baby, watching for a chance of what ohs might steal. He was mistaken-she was neither this wail of the streets. The tale she had told the banker's daughter was true. She was as near starva lion as any human thing could be; and the half crown that had beenput into her hand by the gentle girl in the luxurious carriage saved her for better things than a dog's death in thoe dark water, and a pauper'sa nameless grave to be the end of all after (eands. : (25 is costioued.) NonoDr shiould ever look anxious except those who have no anxiety. ArosooiEs only account for that which they do not alter. CIGAR Maxcros' CrArrP.-It seemstlat cigarn makers, like many other operatives, are subject to a particular affection, brought on by the practice of their avoca tion. Dr. Torino describes in the London Medical Record a peculiar condition of tetanicspasm and pain, occurring in a patient who for nine years had been employed in rolling cigars. In consequence of the spasm attacking the muscles of those fingers only which were used in his occupation, the complaint is likened to scriveners' palsy. Dr. Tormno fully describes the malady, which in its gradual onset and general progress shows a marked resemblance to ordinary writers' cramp, with the difference of the muscles affected. Dr. Torino anadyses the manual movements in cigar making, and finds that the left hand is used muchli more than the right, and that the thumb and the index finger are the parts chiefly employed. 'The little finger, however, has an especial duty to perform in faslhioning and pointing the cigar. Dr. Torino calculates that, in making each cigar, the workman s thumb and index finger make three distinct move ments; so that, at the rate of manufacture of 300 cigars a day, during nine years of 290 working days in the year, the particular movements concerned in the production of the painful tetanus must have been performed 2,470,500 times. A JAPAN.SEr SERV.ANT INTERPRETER.-Thathe would tell a lie if it served his purpose, and would "squeeze" up to the limits of extortion, if hlie could do it unobserved, I have not the slightest doubt. He seems Isto have but little heart or any idea of any but vicious pleasures. He has no religion of any kind; hlie has been too much with foreigners for that. His frankness is something startling. tHe has no idea of reticence on any subject; but probably I learn more about things as they really are from this very defect. In virtue in man or woman, except in that of his former master, he has little if any belief. He thinks that Japan is right in availing herself of the discoveries made by foreiganers, that they have as much to learn from her, and that sheli will outstrip them in the race, because she takes all that is worth having and rejects the incubus of Christianity. Patriotism is, I think, Ihis strongest feeling, and I never met with such a boastful display of it, except in a Scotchmian or an American. He despises the uneducated, as hlie can read and write both the syllabaries. For foreign rank or position he has not an atom of reverence or value, but a great deal of both for Japanese officialdom. Ito despises the intellects of women, but flirts in a town bred faslhion with the simple tea-house girls. IHe is anxious to speak the very best English, and to say thalt a word is slangy or common interdicts its use. Sometimes, when the weather is fine and things go smoothly, hlie is in an excellent and conmiunieativo humour, and talks a good deal as we travel. A few days ago I remarked, "What a beautiful day this is!" and soon after, note book in hand, he said, "You say, 'a beautiful day.' Is that better English than 'a devilish fine day,' which most foreigners say?" I replied that it was "common," and "beautiful" has been brought out frequently since.-" Unbcaten Tractls in Japan," by Isabella L. Blird. GEOGRAPHICAL NoIENCLATURE IN AsnMERICA.-At a recent meeting of the American Geographical Society, IMr. D. Dudley Field read an interesting paper on this subject, as it related chiefly to city and town names. Mr. Field showed that important clhanges had occurred in nomenclature on the American continent. The peninsula which was once known as Acadia was now Nova Scotia. Upper Canada has become Ontario. Little York is now Toronto. The Territory of Wash ington is about to be changed into the State of Tacoma. "There is not another country on the face of the earth," said Mr. Field, " disfigured by so many inap propriate names as the United States. England has English words of Saxon and Norman origin. Ilolland has those wlhichare wholly Dutch. Francel has her own; Germany and Switzerland have names which are histories, and Russia and Pcland have at least names that are significant to the Slavonic races. But hero it seems as if there was nothing appropriate to the soil. In this country there are towns named You Bet, Popcorn, Wild Cat, Cab Run, Bake Oven, Big Coon, Burn Corn, Rawlhide, Cat Greek, Dirt Town, Doctor Town, Ivy Tavern, Cut Off, Big John, and Fish Hook. Thie name of the old Assyrian capital hlas been assumed by a straggling Long Island village, and a new settle ment on a low tongue of mud thrust out between tmhe Olhio and Mississippi Ies been named after the seat of the Egyptian kings, and, as if to lose nothing grandi loquent from the land of Egypt, a Memphis has been established 300 miles below." After discussing the effect of the nomenclature of cities and towns on American literature, lMr. Field said that in the cultiva tion of a taste for letters and the arts this important subject would not be lost sight of. LOVe, like the opening of the heavens to the saints, shows for a moment, even to the dullest man, the possibilities of the human race. He has faith, hope, and charity for another being, perhaps but a creation of his imagination; still it is a great advance for a man to be loving even in his imaginations. LESSOcse OF TH F?rTrs.-" A basket of summer fruit" represents the presence and power of the living God. His energy is as manifest there as in the first act of creation. In the winter there was nothing but a fruitles, leafless tree. God sent His sap into its roots, caused it to ascend into the trunk and dis tribute itself through the branches. Every tree He supplies with its own peculiar juices. His dowse and rains refresh them all. Hmis sun warms and ripens their productions. Even storms and cold contribute to their fruitfulnese. Though God andHis works are noet one in the pantheistic senae, yet the ever-present God constantly operates min all His works. As the natural fruits need the dew and rain and asunshine, to cause them to grow and ripen, eso the fruits of human good ness come not to perfection without ehowers of divine blessing, and the beams of the Sun of Righteousness. As God is in all nature, so He is in us, working in us of His good pleasure, preserving and blessing us by His continual power. He trains us and prunes us that our branches may bring forth abundantly.-Th2e Quiver. WV.+LicR,-The surname Walker has nothing to do with pedestrian ideas, but had its origin in trade and occupation, like other familiar names, such as Smith, Farmer, Bowyer, Fisheber, and so on. Walker is a common surname in Yorkshire, as will be understood when we explain its connection with the industry of that region. It is of Flemish derivation. A man who worked at the walks (walche) or fulling mill was a walker, and in early Manchester directories all the fullers and cloth dressers were called walkers. INSECT LIFE IN Bunemna .-Ferhaps in no part of the British possessions is insect life so vigorous as in Burmab, and more particularly in theb months of May and October, when thu change of the monsoons takes place. The rains commence usually about the 15th of May, and are ushered in with storms of thunder and lightning. The firslt showers enoem to awaken myrads of all kinds of flying insects, mosquitoes being the most trouble some both to man and beast; whilst flying ants are not far behind. Against attacks of the former, with vigorous punkab pulling and placing a newspaper on the cane-bottomed chairs, which are almost universally used, for the naks of coolaness, the old stager can get through his dinner in comfort, and forget his cares afterwards inalongarmchair amidthe grateful fumes of a so-called "IBurmah" cheroot. But the flying ants, which only emerge from the ground at certain periods, on perhaps twenty to thirty nights of the whole 305, carry all before them. They do not bite like the mosquito; but coming in battalions, the only resouarce for the be sieged ia turning eut the lights, or an igneminous l dight into darkness until the plgue has ined. It seldom lasts more than an hour or two; but in a minute or two, if the lights are not put out, thece flying pests will have found their way into the soup, or have covered the joint or cutlet, or be drowning themselvce in the glass of beer of the nmw-comor--for few Anglo-Burmanm now drink that old-fashioned but liver- deranging beverage which used to be uo univer sally consumed in yearn gone by, but which is now replared by thb lightee wine of raneo oGerinany. C¢usalers' JournaL."'"".. . ag- ..... p... 