MRS. LEAVITT IN ADELAIDE. Satpbday, On Saturday evening last a meeting of temperance and Christian workers and others, was held in the Y.M.C.A. Hall for the purpose of giving Mrs. Leavitt a welcome to Adelaide. Dr. Magarey presided. There were on the platform a number of leading ministers and laymen. Words of welcome were spoken by the Revs. J. McEwin, M. W. Green, and E. Gratton. Mrs. Leavitt, who was received with prolonged cheers, then rose to address the meeting. She is a lady of about medium height, and dresses in the simplest manner possible. Her style of speaking is clear and forcible, so that her voice is distinctly audible at the farthest end of the room. She said it was with very great satisfaction that 6he met them there that night. She was not like some Britons of whom they had read, who found them selves with cannon to right of them, cannon to left of them, cannon in front of them, and cannon behind them, as she found herself with friends on all sides. But one of the most cheering things to her was to find so many of the clergy surrounding her. It was very pleasing when so many ministers came forward to assist her in her work. She welcomed them, as they ought at all times to take the lead in everything which had for its object the uplifting of the masses. In her own country she always found the work went well when the ministers stood by them, and she believed it would be the same here. Shejrcgretted that one of the speakers had referred to the fact that she was a Congregationalism She only wished to be known as a Christian worker. (Applause.) Everybody had a right to his or her own views, and in Christian temperance work she had been engaged for years with women whose denominations she knew noth- ing about. They were women of prayer, faif.h, and work, and all for the love of the Master; and what else should she say ? (Applause). She was glad to have been able to do something for the publicans by helping them out of a very disreputable business. When she thought of the sad fact that there were in her own country 80,000 babies in their cradles or hanging on their mothers' breasts who, if matters went on as they were going, would become degraded victims of strong drink, she had a great weight upon her heart, and this had driven her to leave her profession and to engage in this mission. Referring to monetary matters, she stated that she had not got any properl y, and she had very little money when she left America. But when thene ws reached America of her having addressed 1,800 Hawaians in Honolulu, through an interpreter, and a large number too of Chinese, also through an interpreter, the people began to think it was not worth while to call her back, and money was sent down to her, not, however, from the treasury of the American Women's Christian Temperance Union, as it was felt it would not be right to take the money given for the work in America, but from friends who had given it as contributions for the purpose of enabling her to carry on this work. She was happy to state that from her missions the had accumulated sufficient to enable her to visit Asia and Africa, to carry the white ribbon, the badge of the American Womens' Christian Temperance Union, to the people in those parts. The badge of the Women's Gospel Temperance Union in America was a piece of white ribbon, and 6he wore it in the shape of a triangle as representing the Trinity, and the two arms as emblematical of the co-working together of God and man, and also of the d ual nature of the Lord Jesus. She regarded this Gospel Temperance Mission as a highly necessary labour. Even as it was ordained of God that John the Baptist should precede Christ by preaching righteousness, so the hearts of some people must be rendered susceptible to the gracious power of the gospel by means of the handmaid of total abstinence. (Applause). Mrs. Leavitt concluded by narrating some of the remarkable results achieved in the State of Maine and elsewhere through the persistent efforts of men who said with Puul, " This one thing I do," and then applied themselves in a spirit of faith to the advocacy of temperance At the closc of the meeting a number signed the pledge. Sunday. On Sunday morning Mrs. Leavitt preached at the Pirie-street Wesleyan Church before a large congrega- tion, the church being full in all parts. She took as her text the following verses :—" What, know ye nob that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost, which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own ? And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols ? For ye are the temple of the living God; as God hath said, I will dwell in them and walk in them ; and I will be their God, and they shall be My people. Wherefore, come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean tlnng, and I will receive you and be a father unto you, and ye shall be My sons and daughters, saith the Lord Almighty." " And I saw no temple therein, for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are thejtemple of it." Speaking without notes, calmly and clearly, but rather fast, and enforcing her arguments by homely illustrations, Mrs. Leavitt urged that as the human body was a temple of God, people should pause and consider before they desecrated it. The body might be of far less consequence than the spirit, but it hud been for many years too much ignored. They read that God had made man in His image, and that image was Burely something to take care of, not for selfish purposes, but for the glory of God. We were assured that the days of our life were threescore years and ten, and yet only a small proportion of human beings attained that age. This seemed a Blur upon God, as if He did not understand our bodies. She attached nearly as much importance to cleansing the body as to cleansing the spirit, but they must keep both clean. There were people whom they saw walking about every day clean outwardly, yet who had plainly been poisoning themselves for years, and there were others who looked grimy and dirty, yet had their systems perfectly pure and healthy. A great scientist had said that alcohol was a deadly irritant narcotic poison. Alcohol was found in all fermented liquor. It waB not the last glass of strong liquor that killed men, nor what they had drunk for the last month, but the poi80u brought into their system from the very first glass of alcoholic liquor they took. The poison contained in the first glass would do perhaps only an infinitesimal injury, but it was still an injury, and helped to kill the drinker. The statistics of Insurance Companics showed that the average life of total ubBt&iners; was 62 years and 4 months, while drinking people only averaged 35 years 6 months. From returns of the Indian army it was found that to every thousand the proportion of deaths per annum was—Total abstainers, 11; temperate men, 23 j heavy drinkers, 47'6. What service could not a man render to his God and his fellow-beings between the ages of 35 and 62! Was it not enough to make a young man give drink up for ever There was a vast degradation going on in human life through the use of drink. Referring to the increase of total abstainers in the pulpit, the preacher said that the Methodist Episcopal Church of North America allowed no minister to drink or smoke. The Rev, Robert Graham had said that only twelve years ago there were only fifteen total-abstaining ministers of the Church of England, now there were over 4,500 and 5 bishops. In conclusion, she asked her hearers to give up strong drink in order that their spirits might be purified. In the afternoon a service for young women was held in the Y.M.C.A. Hall, Mrs. Leavitt being supported on the platform .by the Rev. J. McEwin, Mr. W. B Stephens, G.W.C.T., Miss Paqualin (secretary of the Young Women's Christian Association), and many other ladies and gentlemen. The hall was well filled, the audience consisting chiefly of ladies, although a few members of the sterner sex put in an appearance. Mrs. Leavitt took as her text the words, " That our daughters may be as corner stones polished after the similitude of a palace." In a very beautiful address, Mrs. Leavitt spoke of life under the similitude of a cup. In the case of those who were well born, with physical, social and educational advantages, the cup might be compared to a clear, crystal goblet. In the case of others who came into life in poor homes, who had no educational advantages, or whose intellectual or physv cal powers were weak, their life might be compared to an old battered tin cup. For their surroundings and natural powers they were not responsible, however 5 they could not determine whether the cup should be of crystal or of tin, whether it should be perfect or battered, but they were responsible for that which they put into it. The poorest cup if filled with pure liquid would be more acceptable to God than the finest cup filled with impure or poisonous liquid. They should be careful what they put into the cup of their life ; one drop of poison, or one drop of filth would vitiate and spoil a cup of the purest liquid; so one defect, one sin, would stain the purest character. Amongst the ingredients which young women should put into the cup of their life were, modesty, chastity, and Bobriety. She begged young women not to company with men who were vile in their lives, and to sympathize with their fallen sisters and assist to lift them up. She told the story of Eliza Armstrong of New York, who, through the influence of the social drinking customs of New York, in the short space of ten years sank from being a fine modest lovely accomplished young woman, to the lowest depths of shame and sin. She was kicked out of a low drinking house in one of the lowest parts of the city at the age of twenty-eight, and was taken to the hospital where she died. From her example, she warned young women to beware of the danger of the wine cup. On the other hand she told of a washerwoman who, feeling impressed with the need of a certain charity, and after having in vain endeavoured to induce rich men to take the matter up, said, "I must do it myself." She set herself to save her humble earnings, and at her death she was able to endow a charity which still went on diffusing its blessings. She asked them to give their lives to Christ, and so to obey him that they might become corner stones of beauty and strength in the community. On Sunday evening the Town hall was filled to overflowing. Mrs. Leavitt was assisted by the Rev. W. M. Green. A large choir filled the orchestra, JMr. Posh acting as conductor and Mr. Trott as organist. Mrs. Leavitt preached an earnest sermon on the words " Sir. we would sec Jesus." There were places where Jesus might be found. In the place of private prayer, at the family altar, in the social prayer-meeting, which was not as mucli frequented as it should be, in the sanctuary where God was specially present. She deplored the fact that so many should absent themselves from church now-a- days, and devote themselves to the search for pleasure and amusement on the Lord's day. Speaking of places where Jesus would not be found, the theatre, the ball-room, the card table, the public-house bar, and other and darker places were mentioned. Almost all the evils which afflicted society were traceable to drink, ten out of every eleven murders and nine out of ever? ten crimes were traceable to this cause. She entreated her hearers to give themselves to Christ, and to frequent only those places into which He would go with them. MONDAY EVENING. On Monday evening the Y.M.C.A. Hall was well filled with a sympathetic and attentive audience. His Worship the Mayor, W. Bundey, Esq., J.P., presided. Prayer was offered by Mr. H. T. Fry, and Psalm cxlvi. was read by the Rev. J. McEwin. Mr. Pasli with a large choir led the singing during the evening from Songs and Solos. His Worship said he had pleasure in presiding, his sympathies were thoroughly with the object of the meeting. He had opportunities of seeing immorality in the city, and he welcomed any one who sought to remove the causes of evil. It was the duty of those who loved righteousness and truth to seek to reclaim the intemperate and fallen. What blessings would result to the families of the intemperate if they were reclaimed. The object of the meeting was to influence women. If women could be inkuenced, untold good would result. He heartily welcomed Mrs. Leavitt. If only a few were influenced by her visit, great good would follow. He trusted the mission would be most successful. Mrs. Leavitt congratulated the city of Adelaide in possessing a mayor who was willing to preside on an occasion of the kind. In some other cities the mayors when asked had declined. Personally, she felt honoured by the presence of His Worship that evening. Her subject was the Woman's Crusade in America. There was not much drinking in the Puritan States, until after the revolutionary war. The British and French soldiers were hard drinkers, and they introduced a tide of intemperance and infidelity. The manufacture of rum was also commenced, and it was cheap. The result was, that intemperance made rapid progress during the first fifty years of independence. ,Tiie temperance reformation then commenced, and but for its influence no tongue could have depicted the misery into which the country would have fallen. They had a another great war—the anti-slavery conflict—and those who served as soldiers came back much worse men than they went out, and a second wave of infidelity and intemperance began to overspread the land. Mothers, whoso cider sons were slain on the battle-field, saw their jounger sons in danger of being slain by a worse enemy, strong drink, through the influence of the returned soldiers. They turned to God in prayer, and he directed them. Dr. Dio Lewis was a health lecturer at Hillsborough, Ohio. He heard of the women's prayers, and said to them that prayer und work should go ' hand in hand. Why, he said, did they not do as his mother had done ? His father was in danger of being ruined by the drink curse, when his mother, assisted by her lady friends, went day after day to the saloon, prayed, sang, and spoke, and spent the day there with their work. The result was that the place was deserted and closed, and Mr. Lewis was saved. The ladieB of Hillsborough said, let us do the same thing. They organised themselves. Mrs. Judge Thompson accepted the position of leader. They went forth in procession by pairs, Binging "Give to the winds thy fears." They visited the chemists, sang, read the Scriptures, and prayed, and entreated them to give up selling strong drink. They did the same with the grocers, and the same with the liquor saloons. TIu'b they repeated the next day and the next, and some of the saloons were closed. In the meantime the news was flashed over the States that the women of Hillsborough were doing this thing, and it was taken up by other women in other towns. The movement spread like wildfire; it broke out in unexpected places, with unexpected results. Where most was anticipated, the least was in some cases effected, and where little was expected, great things were achieved. In some towns every saloon was closed, and have not been reopened. In the larger cities of from 100,000 inhabitants and upwards fewest saloons were closed, though many men were saved from drink. But the strain of the work was too great for the strength of the women ; many became ill, others died and some fell into permanent ill-health. The liquor sellers saw that their policy was to wait, that the strength of the women could not hold out, that when their efforts ceased the 6ale of drink would go on again; and in many cases it was so. But the women said, let us organise, let us place this work on a permanent basis, so that it will go on always, and can be handed over to our children when we die. They selected Miss Francis Willard, who was a woman of great ability. She formed a plan on the basis of the national constitution. There were to be local unions; these were to be represented in State unions, and these again in a national convention. The plan was adopted, and for five years the work progressed rapidly, but it stopped at Mason and Dixie's line. The people of the South had been conquered by the Yankees, and refused to accept any of their notions. When Miss Willard was made president, she determined to conquer the South, and so great had been her success, that in three winters local unions were organized in every state in the South. Then the work was carried to the West, and to-day there were 65,000 local unions witli 200,000 working members, exclusive of pledges and honorary members. The women of Canada had voluntarily taken up the same work, and the great progress made by prohibition there, was due to the help of the women. The W.C.T.U. had two great principles (1) Total Abstinence for the individual and (2) Prohibition for the State. They were going to bring these about. The time would come when good people would be just as ashamed to have anything to do with the use or sale of strong drink, as they would be of stealing or any other crime. Their hope was in God. All the members of the Union were pledged to prayer at mid-day wherever they might be, articulate prayer, if possible, and, if not, then silent prayer. And now, beginning in New Zealand where the sun of the new day was first seen, and passing thence to Australia, and thence to America, across all the States of that continent to the Pacific, to Honolulu and back to New Zealand again, and then once again round the world with the mid-day hour; so this wave of prayer was daily rolling round the globe, and would continue to do so until the victory was won. Their motto was For God, for Home, and for Native Country. For fealty to God first as the Creator. For loyalty to home next, as the place of greatest interest to women and mothers, as the initial point for the welfare of the country. If the home were right all would be right. If wrong all would be wrong. For native country ; since the idea was suggested to enlist the women of all countries in this work this part of the motto had been broadened to " For humanity." The badge of the society was a knot of white ribbon, as being the symbol of purity, and as combining in itself all the Christian colours. Tliey wanted to see all nations combined into one brotherhood, England leading the way in the East, and America in the AVest. America still oppressed Africa by sending to her drink and England oppressed China by forcing opium upon her. She asked them as far as their influence could reach to say that this wrong should cease. The work of the union was divided into twenty-eight departments, which touched society at almost every point ; their special work was to save and guard the children. In many of the States of the Union, through their influence, every child was receiving instruction in the true nature of intoxicants; the constitutional prohibitory laws which had been carried in some States Jwere the work of the women. Evangelistic work .was carried on vigorously amongst the fallen and lapsed, and if there waB any other department of work which should be entered upon they would take it up. A universal peti- tion was now in signature for presentation to all Christian Governments in the world, praying for the prohibition of the trade in intoxicants. This was what the women were doing ; she asked them to join her. The women were nearly always right, and so far they were better than men. In the churches of America there were twice as many women aB men, and in the gaols there were twelve times as many men as women. Women were humbler than men and more willing to take God's word as their guide, and therefore they were more nearly right. John G. Whittier, the poet, the Christian, the statesman, had said referring to the W.C.T.U., the women of America are going to save the men of America; the women of the world are going to save the men of the world. A number of pledges were taken at the close of the meeting. TUESDAY. On Tuesday 1 afternoon the first mothers' meeting was held in the Y.M.C.A. Hall at 3 o'clock. There was a very large attendance. The address was on the subject of motherhood, and was listened to with much attention by the large audience. At the conclusion of the meeting a considerable number signed the pledge. In the even* ing a large audience again assembled in the same place. The Rev. R. M. Hunter presided. Rev. D. O'Donnell offered prayer, and Rev. O. Lake read a psalm. The chairman in a few appropriate words introduced Mrs. Leavitt, who first answered a number of questions which liad been verbally asked. 1\. It was not always wise to put Christ before persons first, instead of the pledge; some men would be repelled in this way. We must be guided by the circumstauces of each case. 2. In reply to the question, Why do you say nothing against tobacco? she suid because she had not coinc to it. One of the objects of the W.C.T.U. was to fight agninst the tobacco habit. It was a bad habit and a dirty one. It was the Lord's money that was paid for tobacco, and she recommended them to save it and give it to the Lord's work. Tobacco injures the health, and she did not like to think that the health of her friends was being injured. The use of tobacco by growing boys was found to result in their deterioration in sizejit also impaired the sight. For this reason, as the result of a commission of enquiry smoking had been forbidden in Prussia to boys under sixteen years, under a penalty of six months' imprisonment, and in three of the American States juvenile smoking had been made a crime. She judged that if it were injurious to boys it was equally so to men. She therefore advised them not to smoke. They would be healthier and cleanlier. 3. The women's pledge did not permit continuous drinking under a medical prescription, but it did not forbid the use of alcohol in emergencies under a doctor's prescription. 4. Quassia steeped in vinegar, and the liquor taken in small doseB when the drink craving was felt, was a cure for drunkenness. Poisonous drinks was the subject for the evening. These were sold in more places in the city than the places in which bread and meat were sold. The law was careful for the health of the people, and punished those who were guilty of the adulteration of food with poisonous ingredients, yet the law licensed the sale of poisonous drinks, It was the alcohol which it contains which gave drink its attraction for those who had acquired the drink habit. Alcohol, according to Dr. Carpenter, was a deadlv, irritant, narcotic poison, and not a true stimulant.*' It came by fermentation, by the destruc tion of saccharine matter, and its conversion into a new chemical compound. Alcohol was made first from the sweet juices of fruits, and afterwards from grains by the process known as malting. The sugar con tained in these substances was necessary and wholesome, This was laid hold of by oxygen, torn to pieceB, and form ed into a new combination which was hurtful and poiso nous. Yeast germs were afloat in the atmosphere, and in a temperature of 45 degrees these took hold of liquids and other substances, and caused fermentation. It was the alcohol which was thus produced which was present in all intoxicating liquors. If we knew that our coffee was mixed with arsenic, we would not drink it. Tet men knew that alcohol was a deadly, irritant poison, and yet they habitually took the drinks which contained it. It had been proved that two ounces of alcohol was sufficient to cause instant death to the largest and strongest dog. From accidents which had happened, it was known that a small quantity would instantly kill a child, and not more than a tumbler full was sufficient to kill a man who was unaccustomed to drink. It was true that men could take considerable quantities daily, and live many years. So ladies could take arsenic daily for years to improve their complexion, but they eventually died from arsenical poisoning. So those who used alcohol habitually eventually died from alcoholic poisoning. There might be occasional exceptions, but conclusions were not based on exceptional cases, but on the widest possible generalization. Insurance companies had discovered that if at 21 a man had formed the drinking habit his expectation of life was only 15 years. If he had not formed that habit his expectation of life was 42 years. A wide generalization showed that if a youth at 17 had formed the drink liabit his expec tation of life was 18 years, if not, it was 42 years. The drink habit cut down the length of life by mora than one-half, so true was the statement of Scripture that the wicked should live out half their days. She begged them not to endanger their health and life by the continued use of alcohol. A number of very forcible instances were quoted to show that alcohol did not impart strength for steady work, was not needed to keep out the cold, nor to enable men to endure hot climates, nor to enable the constitution to keep off disease. Some remarkable facts in reference to drink and cholera were quoted, which showed that in the great epidemics of this disease nearly all the drinkers died, while nearly all the abstainers were either not attacked at all, or recovered. In reference to the traffic, she did not wish to say one hard word against those engaged in it; she had learned to pity them even more profoundly than their victims. As she thought of the drinkseller standing before the bar of God, and giving an account of the children he had murdered, the men whose lives he had shortened, the homes he had desolated, the wives he had destroyed: she could feel nothing but pity for him. They were induced to go into the traffic because of its easy character, requiring neither brains nor hard work, and because of its gains amounting to from 150 to 250 per cent. The men who had the franchise could stop this trade if they liked, and save both the drinksellers and their victims. Give the women the franchise and they would do it to-morrow. The subject was an important ooe. Ireland was every year spending more in drink than the entire rental of the kingdom Engl«nd was doin? the same; she was spending more tor drink than for bread, butter, milk and cheese. Nine-tenths of pauperism and crime were caused by drink; surely it did not pay to license this traffic. In America for every dollar that was received by the State from the traffic, two dollars were going out to pay for the mischief caused by drink, and if the whole waste and loss caused by drink were considered, it was found that for every dollar received for drink one hundred dollars were lost or wasted. At present the State was bearing the cost of rearing children, who through the drink traffic only remained producers f*r eighteen years, while, if the traffic were swept away, would remain producers adding to the wealth of the State for forty-two years. All this money which was being wasted was certainly not going into the pockets of the best class in the community. Out of 8,000 publicans in New York more than half had either been imprisoned or fined for offences against the law. They had agitated in America until they had driven the decent people out of the traffic. She begged good people who had anything to do with the traffic to come out of it. In conclusion, Mrs. Leavitt begged her hearers te come to Christ. A HINDU JUDGE.—One of the old stories in connection with Marayathu Raman, a celebrated native judge, who was also a wit and a poet, turnB upon the fact that receipts were sometimes written upon a long strip and sometimes upon a very short strip of leaf. "How long was the bond?" A certain man borrowed some money, and gave a receipt for it upon a short strip of leaf. When the creditor went to ask for the money, the debtor requested to see the receipt, and upon its being shown to him he snatched it away, tore it up, and threw it into the fire, and said to him : " Now you can go away, you have no receipt, and I will not pay you the money." The creditor runs in great distre s to make his complaint. The judge summons both parties before him, and, having heard what eaoh has to say, adjourns the case until the following day. In the meantime he sends for the creditor and says to him •. " How long was the torn-up bond ?" " A little less than a foot Jong, was the reply. " Then," says the judge, " I shall jput jou the same question in court, and you must reply: "As long as my arm, Swami.' " In duo time the case comes on again, the question is put, and the man gives .the reply in accordance with the judge's advice. The debtor, thrown off his guard, at once soys : " Swami, you May know what a liar he is; the bond was not & foot long. Upon this the judge replies: "Fellow, you said there was no bond at all—pay the money." 