Misceiiuusea. ,An electric whipping apparatus lias been proposed by an ingenious Swiss, who claims for his invention that it will inflict the necessary pain without leaving those unpleasant wheals which are wont to prove such lasting and un pleasant souvenirs to the castigated schoolboy. " In a French paper there is a matri monial advertisement from a widow with .200,000 francs, who seeks a husbandin one who must, at least, have alike sum of money, with other equally pleasant recommendations. Her post script is emphatic. She says, if a negro, he must have double the sum requisite: At Wender, Essex, there resides a man 103 years .£of age twho recently picked a bouquet of flowers'for church, deeoration.- There also. resides at Huuton, near Biehmond, a venerable dame in her 105th year, who has lately been in the harvest field teaching, her great-grand-children to wield, the sickle.. At Meekernich Lead works, in Ger many, the tallest chimney in the world has recently been completed. It is M0 feet high, .6 feet more than the famous chimney of St. Bollox Chemi cal Works, hear Glasgow, which, until the German one was was built,, was without a rival. The flue of. the Mechernich chimney is ll|feet in diameter at the bottom, and 10 feet at the top. There is a very religious restaurant in Boston on-the walls of which there is an. odd jumble of, text of * Scripture and items from tbe bill of fare, some thing as follow:—"He shall. Feed His Flock like a Shepherd—Hot, Sausage: 10 cents.-' "If yot-be Obedient ye shall eat of the Fat of the Land:— Hot apple sauce, Scents."' "God Moves in a Mysterious Way—Hash, 10 cents." "Be careful for nothing— Coffee and Cakes, 10 cents." Surprise is sometimes expressed at the apparent exemption, of doctors from infectious diseases when they would naturally be expected to be heavy sufferers. But recent statisics prove that doctors are partialy the victims of the- dangers; of- their-* pro fessions. Thus, for every 16 clergv men or *20 lawyers per thousand that die, 25 doctors per thousand die, Again, out of 1,000,000ordinary adults 16 die of scarlet fever, 14 of diphtheria, and 238 of typhoid* fever while oiit of the same number of doctors-53 die of scarlet fever, 59 of diptheria,. and 311 of typhoid. It is interesting to note that in the case of scarlet fever and diphtheria, the germs- of which: can be distributed by the air,, the doctor's danger is four times that of an ordinary person.; while in the case of typhoid the-germs of which aie distributed only in fluids, the doctor's danger- L notr mueb greater than the ordinary.^ A New Ghost Stoby.—A ' father curious ease will shortly be beard'bb fore the tribunal of a German "town (writes one-the London-papers)^ the original cajuse of which is. a- rat. it seems that,, some time ago,-the houVe* of an inhabitant of the town was in-' vaded by a number of rats, and. to get . of them the following sti^tagem was resorted to. The.iiim'ateyyef the house caught one .of the intruder9,-; tied a string of little' bells' round its neck, and let it go. The rat on re gaining, its liberty went to rejoin its i fellows,, but tbe latter, scared by tbe \- jingling of the bells, fled'5 from. the. house, and,sought domicile elsewhere; As for the one witffthe bells attached ' it cTiose a, neighboring house for .it? abqcfey and i fhe house was -awoke one .rught by the mysterio^s^ihglihgefQ1 toil, and, upable to accquut for the .sound, he spoke about the matter to his family and household. The worthy * people were extremely superstitious, and when on several succeeding nights the tinkl ing of bells . was heard, distinctly by everyone, the only conclusion that could be reached was the house was haunted. Under this impression the servants, quitted their places, their mistress: fell fill > in ; fact the- peace and tranquility that had formerly reigned succeeded terror and. alarm. Ultimately it chanced the "ghost," that is to say the rat, was caught, and upon the iuuch-tormented family learning who had belled the creature it was decided to bring an. action against him to obtain compensation for aE the worry his stratagem had occasioned his superstitions neigh bors. The Increase of Baldness.— Whether the silk hat—or " stove pipe," as the Americana irreverently call it —-is responsible- or not for the increase of baldness (says the Emmng Standard) is a question which we may safely leave hygienic reformers and hair dressers -to discuss at their leisure. The fact, however, remains that bald, heads are much more common, at least in large cities, than was the case a generation ago. A shrewd observer in the United States has been making the subject his special study,, with the result that he has discovered that in most of the towns on the eastern seaboard fully 30 per cent., of the men over 30 years of age manifest unmis takable signs of approaching baldness wbilst nearly 20 per cent, ate actually bald on the crown of the head. This student of the heads-of the people de dares that the satne statement applies* to Chicago, St. Louis, and other great cities in the West, where he professes to have verified his statistics by an "••actual count" . in-the chief Churches and theatres. It is New- York and Boston,, however,, that hald-lieaded men are most plentiful;. next in oider comes- Philadelphia,- the- Washing ton,. audi then the western towns. At Trinity Church,. Boston',, the other Sunday,, there1 were;, we- are told, 243 men present,. and out of this num ber seventy- one were specimens actual and. " polishee " - baldnesswhilst forty-six were plainly going, to'the bad so far as their hair was concerned. Bald men seem- curiously enough to be fonder of place-of amusement than of Churcbj for at a;theatre in-that town this-critic of craniums counted- one night a: hundred and twenty-six men, and out of this number he asserts that fifty-one men were aetuaEyBald, whilst forty-three betrayed " indications." He-regrets—bub thefair sex will not echo1 his lainantation—-that the bonnet 'acts- as - an effectual barrier to prying eyes- as to the ladies, and that,. there- j fore, he is unable to give similar in- j formation- concerning the ravages j which envious-time has made upon theurlocks, I ,- The expressions "ihymes without' reason" is believed to have-been-giving currency by Charles Dickens.. When he was- editor of Household Words, a young, collegian- at- Oxford-sent some ines,. acconpani^y" byr this- note :•— "Sir—Understanding that you» insert rhymes in your serial I send you-sonie." Dickens replied—" Sir—We* do> not i use it l'hymes without reason."" The Prussian* State- railways have for some time past employed- womeu as guards at- crossings. The* works consists chiefly of the closing and open ing of- the bars - and the-] igli tening and sweepings of ciossings^and the- woman in most cases ate- either the wives or widows- of guards. Their daily- wages are from fid. to -9d , •Mrs. Langtry,.. in* the- course- of an interview- w-iHv a- New-- York- reporter said :-—I have been* overwhelmed-with callers, M reeordi kept shows- that the* front, door bell- lias beeffi.Tung 311 times to-day. It was* quite* mad dening, audi so I said-to put the little notice you see,-outside;- which- reads : — ' None hut personal friends admit ted. Others wiE please explain their business by letter." The Doctor at the Telephone.— A. Boston. Physician-was called'out' of sound slumber- the- other * night- to answer the telephone:• " Hello 3" what is-it - ? he asked, little-pleased- at leaving; his comfortable r:; ??^ahy is crying* doctor. What came across the wire, b Oh;perhaps it's*a pin," suggested the-.d .'ctor, recognizing. the voice of a -ybflfig^jbiotlier,-. one of his patients, ; " I'm sure it \- -^Perhaps he was the coi%" refjiMea. the doctor, with weE simulate lisolicilbde. " No I don't thinksb," replied the anxious mothet; .".be doesn't act that way:" " Then perhaps he's hungry," saidithe doctor, went hack to bed, and was soon asleep again. " About half an hour after wards, lie was. again awakened by the violent ringing of the telephone beE, Jumping but of bed and placing the receiver "to■ his ear-; he was cheered by th[e ~ foErowing. message ; - "Youj are right,, doctor, baby was huugry." i Algirhfl2; years of age, . has* Been sentenced at BerEn to eight years im priggn^^nt for murdering. a- there year-old-: child in order to become possessedjof her victim's-earrings. It has been decided by the Cape Government to admit mining, railway, and other machinery for aE parts of South Africa free of duty through all ports of the colony, A hospital, for sick animals has been established at Calcutta, and endowed a fund of six lakhs of rupees, thanks to' the eSForts of a well known -Jain merchant and banker. : It is stated that in 15 jrears the* pro portion of short-sighted lads in the Polytechnic School of France' has risen from 30 to 50 per cent, whEe 80 per cent of the students wear glasses. At Kiev the manager of atj>. estate entered into a compact with a woman who passed as witch. He paid her a ] sum to keep, the blight from bis crops. This she was to accomplish by walk- I ing naked through the fields at nightL. A boring jnade by the Prussian Government'at Sehladiebach in search j of coal k said Jto-be the deepest in the ] world. The?4e|M;h:-i&-4ib0b feet, its breadth at the bottom 2. inches,. and at the top 11 inches. The temperature ] at the bottom is 118°. - —— ' Another cremation, has taken place at St. John's,. "Woking. The deceased ] was a lady aged sixty-four,. "and the-j remains were reduced, in- about an hour and a half to less than five pounds weight of pure ashes^.wh i chwere taken, charge-of by the' two relatives pre sent. ; - The.. Government' ■ clerks employed j in the departments at Washington, number 15,000;. of these,.4-,00.0'" are wo-i men.- The latter eomeras a rule from, good- famiies.. Many of them, are; widows of noted generuls^the daughters j of ex-governors and congressmen, and-!] now and-the we-find the relative, of a. president or cabinet-minister. Many ofthem-have Uavelled-vv.idely, ,■ aud the, I majority.are eduoated-and refined ladies,-] .They do all kinds-of work- and..receive salaries ranging from". &L40;* to-'£450- a year. As money- counters- .theyi " are .much-more ex-peit than- the- men, and; the rapidity with which they, cam ooimt, thousands upon- tbonsandss-of dollju-s without! making a- mi^ake- hiakes-yourt brain- whirl as you .watck tbeniv These money-counters get abofj^j&l;&a; modtl',:: The girls seldom make -a" mistake, ^and; i£ they db so or pass-a counterfeit with out noting-it" they musf%iake •the^mi§« take good,.and- the amount is taken- out of their salary.. They can telI Jiowever,a bad bill by simply feeling it, and n bank cashier wilkmake* a- hundred- mistakes where they make -,;Vone,- =. Ifetln^xps of; clerks at Washington work in>£helaine department, and it is often the case that young. men - and women • have -desks -feide by-side.. There is no- restriction as-to their, social- intercourse,. and it- is- a matter of- sa rpi ise to oat-siders - that s© few marriages occur among, the clerks' Many of tire marriages which- take plaee are with men outside - of- the-de partments; and it is not an uncommon thing for a good looking clerk - to marry a congressman^ a senator or- a news paper Correspondent,. Men-who-do-the same class of work-often -receive higher salaries than the women-on the same, work.. ! ; One of-the most important scienti fic events that lias occurred this year was the experiment- made in bal- ] loon-steering recently by the "Benard: Brothers.- The balloon advanced- or J went backward- at the wilL of. the : aeronauts, anil finally descended at ] the very point from- whence it- start ed.- ' i 