PICTURES IN PAIRLIAMENT. Something like the rattle of bayonots was expected in tile House last niglht. Sir Henry held his ponderous glove in hand ; he had dangled it in the face of the Housoe; he had shaken it before the eyes of the multitude, and the multitude expected that without more ado he would fling it on the floor. And so the multitudeo filled the galleries, and waited patiently while all the mumbling of formal procedure was gone through. E passant, could not all that formal proceduro be shortened by a little more prminting, or oven type writing. Members never expect their, questions to beo heard. Linistors reply always.do that their next neighbour would need to strain his ears to catch a syllable, and yet overy thing is supposed to be. fairly writoten. Why not give question and answer to a type writer and place a score of copies on t;he table? An hour might be saved in that way, which would be vwluablo Lt;er on for sleeping purposes. But let us beware of the rdd horring, or otherwise we inay, like Sir Henry, he un willingly compelled to pocket it. Reod horring or good bold banneuur of Australia, Sir Henry lhad to take his motion last night, fold it up, and put it in his pocket. The Miinistry would not have it, and the House did not appeaor to want it. Never were the two p.;r ics of tie Oplposition so clearly marked. It was plain that the great gulf still existed there, for Sir John sat nssif frozen when asked by tihe motion to rise up and slay the Government. Sir Henry felt that all were against him from the outset, and when cunningly lie modified th censurc-bearing mnotionso as to putback itsconosequences till aftertlhostate mont, know himseolf still but tihe leader of his own small party. Sir Patrick advanced along the table to meet him, like Sir John after a Mudgee visit, or the champion of England against all-comers, and assured him, on behalf of tise Ministry, that they were absolutely courageous, and in no sensoc simple. We will not send home any message which may bear the implication that our action is nlot in accord with the sense and spirit of Parliament, but we will go to a division and ascertain what that sense and spirit is now, at once, without debate or delay. There is nothing in the world so popular as pluck, and naturally, when Sir Patrick put on this bold 8ront, the House applauded, and said "Come on, Parikes, let us see a row." But Sir Henry had counted heads and was not disposed to court defeat. "Seeing you are so eager to be at the money bags," he said, "I will withdraw, and we will wait," whereat there was a louder laugh than the House has heard for many a day. There was one little incident of that farcical opening of the night's proceed ings. which should not mise mention, While Sir Henry was deeply pondering his motion involving the fate of nations, creeping down to his side came Mr. Abigail with words of counsel or warning. The matter in contemplation, of course, was the arrangements to be completed be twreen the high contracting .powers of France and Britain, and we are to imagine Mr. Abigail in counsel with Sir Henry as advising of tihe terms of those arrangements. Our Abigail bo tween Waddington with his legions, and Granville with his ironclads. Poor Abigail! When thus considered he appears ecarcely bigger than the fly on the railway buffer. After Sir Henry's. withdrawal Mr. Shepherd and Mr. Fletcher snarled a little and Mr. S. Smith tried to join in, but was suppressed by Mr. Melville. Mr. Neild "slopped over" once more, rabbits being the stumb. ling block this time, and the way was cleared, and) the tinme brought round for the Statement. It is a proper thi"n to postpone delivery of " The Statement till after dinner.pro per also to surround it with some pleasing ceremony. It is even a matter worth arguing whether the Treasurer should not dress for its delivery, 'and his audience prepare themselves as for some high court function. There should be ease, repose, stateliness about it, and the greater the [difficulty, the more elaborate should be the display. It was felt when Sir Patrick rose in his place last night that he at leant had done. all that in him lay towards preparing the matter for public acceptance, and if one could have taken an inward glance at the mindof the courtly Treasurer, what elaborate dressing would have been per ceived. Simply a matter of figuren, was it? But look how the figures have been adorned. See you how they have been wrapped about with Virgil, coated over with Gladstone, capped with Parkes. See those two fair damsels who shall load them in ? You expected skeletons, ghouls, hideous things, with clanking fetters, did you P Sir Patrick will lead in a tropp of fair Bacchantes with whom you may dance and make merry. Mr. Dibbs was vague, washe, and Mr. Burns lucid P You shall see that Sir Patrick will .be scholarly, courtly, splendid, and yet prac tical. You shall know now,'whyfor days past he has been invisible, why those messages went flying backward and for. ward to Public Library and University. You shall understand how the Cabi net wrought all night to forge sound ideas, how Sir Patrick laboured all day to clothe them in proper lan guage. You shall have such a Stateinent as ai gentleman should make to gentlemen -a nice thick paper, gold lettered vellum bound thing, which you may take home and find pride in, if not satisfaction, though if you are wise men you shall noir fail of that also.' Very cautiously and practically Sir Patrick began. Very courteously he touched upon the various prospects of his predecessors, lightly as the fairy prince he stepped over Thos bodies and thi bones ohtlhssoi Who strovm in other days to anls. With just a tinge of sadness he made tihenecessary retrospect,clearlyand delibe rately he explained his comparative statement, and then with a happy touch of joviality brushed away the weariness of figures by a little passage of humourous description of the mannor in which they were pro pared. Land and land revenue next, and on this subject Sir Patrick of all men could speak with full Inowledgo and ample sympathy. Retrenchment made short as. possible, and then the proposed fiscal changes led in by those two radiant damsels who owed their pareonta~ge to Mr. Gladstone. It was not to be expected, of course, but that Mr. Abigail should snort at such fooling as this, and Mr Neild should say to himself " It is very good, but he can't pun, you see"; that the whole tribe of Smiths and Garrards should say by their looks : "What a chance for real clatter and bang, and here the whole business is muffled up in silk and satin,; and drcesed up in flowers like a girl at a wedding, or a Merry Andrew at a fair." But what when that awful shade of.Virg;il was summoned to appear ? Mr. J. F. Burns looked pale an the witch of Endor at the appearance of Samuel's ghost, and Sir John lay back seemingly muttering to himself, "Ho is only a dead 'un; he won't count." From Virgil to Customs, and, as might have' been expected, growlsa of sacri lege from free-traders. an their fetish was touched, cries of anger from protectionists as their idol was passed by, but an unmistakeablo expression of approval of the soundness of the general propositions. A little dignified boast as to the manner in which great temptations and easy methods were put aside, how broad should not be touched, nor tea, but drapery should certainly pay its quota; and the fine lady who paid Worth a chnsiu for .fo00 should also oblige tihe State with 25.. The fine lady would naturally object to this, and will find many to voice her objection as also will the man with aInd aeesed rtta niord tihan £iO60 value, and theo..gentloman witlh .3150 _ year,called, ~puo, by the taxpayer, while' his friend with £205, in the same terrace, escapes. Sir, I Patrick called aloud upon the. 'oldobten Club during tlhil portion of hit speech, and also upon. Sir Henry Parkoes. The latter re* eponded, "follow me, and you cannot go wrong."' The estimates of probable revenoue were not of particular interest. People want to understand the way pro posed flrst, and are content to waitfor re sults. On loanis,however, a notable' utter ance was maldb:i 'Sir PI'atrick said, practi cally, before we go to the old world for any more loans we propose to mako' it perfectly clear that we caon ipay our current debts. This is a fac which needs to be hammered into' overy man's mind. We must clear the way, onable the old. world folks to look right into our affairs, to see not only what; we are ablo but willing ti do, and to rccog nise us not only as a capable but. an honourablo people. Mr. Vurns rose at the conclusion [of the Addrcro to explain the ousual cus tom of procedure. Mr. Lloyd, as another ex-Treasurer, acquiesced. Mr. Reid said it was absurd to hurry matters. Mr. Young said also give time, and Mr. Butlher wanted a little more light. Sir Patrick nagreeod to all, and further informed Sir Hlenry lnthat the proposed customs would be collected from this morning. And so at the very convenient hour of 10.22 the hion. meumbers got home to bed,'with op portunity for a good night's sleeop and enough to dream about. 