THE LEAVENWORTH CASE. ? — 0 ? BY MISS A. K. GKEEN. Book IV.: — The Problem Solved. CHAPTER XXXVIII. i '? — ~ . I ... A FULL CONFESSION. Betnroon tho acting of a dreadful thing, And tho first motion, all tho interim is Liko a phantasma or a hidooua dream ; Tho genius and tho mortal instruments Aro thon in council ; and the state of a man, Liko to a little Kingdom, suffers then ? The nature of an insurrection. Julius C;f.sak. My first thought was to procure tho letter ho was writing. Approaching the table, I tore it out from under his hands, looked at it, saw what it was, as I expected, a summons to liis lawyer, and thrust it into my pocket, together with the letter from Mr. Olavering, which I perceived lying spattered with blood on the table before mo. Not till this was done did I think of myself or remember th9 echo of that low, sharp report must have made in the house. Dropping the pistol by the side of tho murdered man, I stood ready to shriek to any one who entered, that Mr. Leavenworth had killed himself. But I was saved from com mitting such a folly. Tlie report had not been heard, or if so, had evidently failed to create an alarm, No one came, and I was left to contemplate my work undisturbed, and decide upon the best course to be taken to avoid de tection. A moment's study of the wound made in his head by the bullet, convinced me , ; of tne impossibility of passing the affair off as a suicide, or even the work of a burglar. To any one versed in such matters it was mani festly a murder, and a most deliberate one. My one hope, then, lay in making it as mys terious as it was deliberate, by destroying all ' clue to the motive and manner of the deed. Picking up the pistol, I carried it into the .. other room with the intention of cleansing it, but finding nothing there to do it with came back for the handkerchief which I remembered having seen lying on the floor at Mr. Leaven worth's feet. It was Miss Eleanore's, but I did not know it till I had used it to clean the barrel ; then the sight of her initials in one corner so shocked me I forgot to clean tlie : cylinder and only thought of how I could do away with this evidence of her handkerchief having been employed for a purpose so suspi cious. Not daring to carry it from the room, I sought for means to destroy it, but finding none, compromised tho matter by thrusting it deep down behind the cushion of one of the chairs, in the hope of being able to recover it some time next day, when an opportunity would bo given to bum it. This done, C re loaded the pistol, locked it up and prepared to leave tho room. But here the horror which usually follows such deeds, struck me like a thunder-bolt and made me for tlie first time uncertain in my action. I locked the door on. going out, something I should never have done if I had been in the full possession of my facul ties. Not till I reached the top of the stairs did I realize what I haci done, and thon it was too lato, for there before me, candle in hand, and surprise written on every feature of her face, stood Hannah, one of the servants, look ing at me. . ' Lor, sir,' she cried, but strange to say in a low tone, ' where have you been 1 You look as if yon had seen a ghost.' And- her eyes turned suspiciously to tho key which I held in my hand. I felt as if some one had clutched me round the throat. Thrusting the key into my pocket, I took a step; towards her. ' I will tell you what I have seen if you will come down stairs,' I whispered ; ' the ladies will be disturbed if we talk here.' And smooth ing my brow as best I could, I put out my hand and drew her towards 1110. What my motives were I hardly knew ; the action was probably instinctive, but when I saw the look which came into her face as I touched her, and the alacrity with which she prepared to toiiow me, I took courage, remembering the one or two previous tokons I had of this girl's unreasonably susceptibility to my influence: a susceptibility which I now felt could be I utilized and made to serve my purpose. ; Taking her down to the parlor .floor, 1. drew her into the depths of the great drawing room, and there told her in the least alarming way possible what had happened to Mr. Leavenworth. She was of course intensely agitated, but she did not scream ; the novelty of her position evidently awing her as much as it bewildered — and greatly relieved I wont on to say that I did not know who committed the deed, but that folks would declare that it was I if they know that I had been seen by her on the stairs with the library key in my hand. ' But I won't tell,' she whispered, trembling violently in lier fright and eager ness. 'I will keep it to myself. I will say I didn't see anybody.' But L soon convinced her that sho could never keep her secret if the police once began to question her, and following up my argument with a little cajolery, succeeded after a long while in win ning her consent to leave the house till the storm should be blown over. But that given, it was some little time before I could .make her comprehend that she must depart at once and without going back after her things. Not till I brightened up her wits by a promise to marry her some day if she only obeyed me now, did she begin to look the thing in the face and show any evidence of the real mother wit she evidently possessed. ' Mrs. Beldcn would take me in,' said she, ' if I could only get to R ? . She takes everybody in who asks her ; and she would keep me, too, if I told her Miss Mary sent me. But I can't get there to-night.' I immediately set to work to convince her that she could. The midnight train did not -leave the city for a half hour yet, and the distance- to the depot could be easily walked by her in fifteen minutes. — But she had no money. 1 I easily supplied that — And she wts afraid she couldn't find her way ! I entered into minutest directions. She still hesitated, but ut length consented to go, and, with some further understanding of the method I was to employ in communicat ing with her, we went down stairs. There we found a hat aud shawl of tho cook's, which I put on her, and in another moment we were in the carriage-yard. ' Remember, you are to say nothing of what has occurred, no matter what happens,' I whispered in parting injunc tion as she turned to leave me. ' Remember, you are to come and marry tne some day,' she murmured in reply, throwing her arms about my neck. The movement was sudden, and it was probably »t this time she dropped the candle she had held unconsciously clenched in her hand till now. I promised her, and she glided out of the gate. Of the dreadful agitation that followed the disappearance of this girl, I can give no better idea than by saying I not only committed the additional error of locking up the house on my re-entrance, but omitted to dispose of the key then in my pocket, by flinging it into the street or dropping it into the hall as I went up. Tho fact is, I was so absorbed by tho thought of the danger I stood in from this girl I forgot everything else. Hannah's pale faco, Hannah's look of terror as she turned from my side and flitted down the street were continually before me. I could not escape them ; the form of tho dead man lying below was less rivid. f t was as though I was tied in fancy to this woman of the white faco fluttering down the midnight street. That she would fail in something — come back or be brought back — that I should find her standing on the front steps when 1 went doivn in the morning was like a nightmare to me. I began to think it must be so ; that she could never or would never win her way unchallenged to that little cottage in a distant village; that I had but sent a trailing flag of danger out into tho world with this wretched girl; dangor that would come back to me with the first burst of morning light ! * But even these thoughts faded after awhile before the realization of tho peril I was in as long as the key and papers were in my pos session. How to get rid of them I I; dared not leave my room again, or open my window. Some one might see me and remember, it. Indeed I was afraid to move about in my room. Mr. Leavenworth might hear me. Yes, my morbid terror had reached that point — I was fearful of one whose ears I myself 1 had for ever closed ; imagined him in his bed % beneath, and wakeful to the least sound. But the necessity of doing something with these evidences of guilt finally overcome this morbid anxiety, and drawing the two letters from my pocket — 1 had not yet undressed — I choso out the moro dangerous of the two, that written by Mr. Leavenworth himself, and chewing ittill it was. mere pulp, threw it into a corner ; but the oilier had blood on it, and nothing, not even the hope of safety, could induce me to put it to my lips. I was forced to lie with if. clenched in my hand, the flitting image of Hannah before my eyes till the slow morning broke. I have heard it said that a year in heaven seems like a day ; I can easily believe it ; I know that an hour in hell seems an eternity ! But with daylight came hope. Whether it was the sunshine, glancing on the wall made me think of Mary and all I was ready to do for her sake, or whether it was the mere re turn of my natural stoicism in the presence of actual necessity, I cannot say. I only know that I arose calm and master of myself. The problem of the letter and key had solved itself also. Hide them 1 I would not try to ! In stead of that I would put them in plain sight, trusting to that very fact for their being over looked. Making the letter up into lighters I carried them into the spare room and placed them in a vase. Then, taking the key in my hand, went down stairs, intending to insert it in the lock of the library door as I went by. But Miss Eleanore descending almost ' imme diately behind me, made this impossible. I succeeded, however, in thrusting it without her knowledge among the filagree work of the gas fixture in tho second hall, and thus re lieved, went down into the breakfast room;n8 self-possessed a man as ever crossed its thresh old. Mary was there, looking exceedingly pale and disheartened, and as I met her eye, which for a wonder turned upon me as I en tered, I could almost have laughed, thinking of the deliverance that had come to her, and of the time when L should proclaim myself to be the man who had accomplished it. ( To be Continued.) ? 1 ? 