The Novelist., Thc Lady of Loch Ailina's Towers. BY-CHÀBLBS T. MANNERS : AUTHOR OF "THE FLAW IN THE DIAMOND," "ASILVEB BBAND/' " THE LOBD OP LYLE," ETC. CHAPTER XIII.-"SHALL I LIVE TO SEE IT?" " And it is now that I ara making np for all th lonesomeness of the past ten years," said Steoni< *of the Isle to his sister. " Whatever with our herb-gatherer, and. tb young master from the Gull's Nest, and tb schooners that be coming for cattle, these'b cantie times for the island." He had just started tho fire, and his sister wa hustling about in tho first preparations for th< morning meal. v Steonie went oiit of doors the moment after t< take his usual wide survey of the scene. Not indeed, that ho beheld it with the appreciating joy that was due the ever-renewed miracle of love liness which was daily enacted before his eyes. Ho saw tho pale mists unfolding from lonelj ..shores, rotting out from silent valleys, lifting, ir silver wreaths from tho sinuous pathway of th( . little rivulets that ran down noisily to the sea. Like a great precession of writhing ghosts, flying. affrighted before some potent magician's command, sped away in all directions the strange shapes of the fog and mist, as tho yellow whito \- noss of the sky broadened and warmed into tendei crimson. Great shafts of rosy light began to fleck tho dark gray of the sea. Out of its purple shadow rose the great Atlantic, brightening c longer and wider track as tho sunlight ran farthei and farther alongits leaping waves. Eagle's Crag caught the first fiery kiss, and glowed rose;red a moment, and then , passed on tho sun-god's morning salutation to tho lower crags. The birds had left off chirping,, and now wore breakinginto riotous song. Stoenie saw this, and after his fashion loved it. But,' had a i?oet or an artist told him how>beauti ful it all was, he might have looked upon hincas a lunatic, and laughed him to scorn. Nevertheless, ho went out every morning and watched it all through, as if, it were-one. of his duties, the neglecting of which might have a tendency to interfere willi ithe ; whole perform ance.'. . , _v '< ; When everything had, cleared^ he lifted tho : field-glass he carried, and looked long aiid steadily. ;. at Eagle's Crag. ; ,.. : i Then he fol'owed closely the movements of .the black speck he had detected there on the water, and, as it moved steadily out towavd the islands, he muttered, in a tono of surprise : " It is the mistress herself. I'll be bound she's coming out to look after things here." And he stalked back to the house, and hurried through his breakfast, and set his.sister to tidying up the place, while he went around to look after tho cattle. It .was nearly two hours before the boat arrived at the island, for the wind was light and fickle. But it reached tho wharf at last, and its single occupant flung the rope promptly to Steonio's waiting hand, and then stepped forth. . A tall woman, straight as an arrow, and with an ease of movement that betokened untrammeled freedom of all the muscles, and a well-nigh perfect development of every limb. A lovely-fitting robe of black was belted'about her waist by a thick leather girdle j a full gray hood, which could be pulled low over the face or pushed back entirely from the head, now nearly concealed her face. She thrust it back with an impatient movement of hands that were bronzed by the sun and hardened by toili but small in size and slenderly formed. 1 .1 " Well, Steenie, and all is well with you here ?" she asked, in a clear, rich voice that was singiK larly melodious. , . ' \ 1 . ' '., " Oh, ay, mistress, it is all very well whatever, as far as I know ; the bairn is well, and cantie as the bird singing yonder." The mistress smiled slowly. " I ought to have known it, when there was no signal to tho contrary. But a strange uneasiness foll upon mo in the night. And I am used to give heed to such bodings. So I rose from my bed/ and was on the watch until it was light enough for me to see the rocks below, when I ;set forth. Tho wind was tantalising, but I am here at last." "A* will you bo coming up to tho house now ? We can give you a warm breakfast, oh, very soon! And you will bo needing it sorely," said Stoenicj in a tono of earnest affection and respect. " Not quite yet. I have a few questions to ask. You have kept me accurately informed of every thing you have seen and known. You wëre sure of what you told me ? It was Jock's boat which carno that first day, and brought that yerang gentleman. The young gentleman from the Gull's Nest?" Nansie began eagerly proposing to cook a fresh fish, and to make somo coffee, but tho woman shook he head. " You forget, my dear Nansie, to what hermit faro I have restricted myself. I only reqixire a bit of broad and a drink of water. If you have some -warm broth loft, I will drink that. Coffee, ? indeed ! .it is years and years since I tasted coffee. I narrowed myself down to tho iitmost limit of necessity at tho commencement. And kindly nature carno to my aid and, at'tov a little, made the meagre fare sweet and satisfying. I am very proud now to know how small aro myrequire^ monts, and how healthful they have become." The sound of hor voico brought an addition to the group. Tho girl whom Noil Lockawo had namod Fay carno Hying out of tho rear door-way. " My aunt is hore ! I hear her voico ; there is no other voico like hers," she cried, eagerly. And tho mistress turned, tho palo, stern faco lighting up so wonderfully that it did not seem the same countenance, so transfigured was it by love and joy, and every tender emotion. " "My little one j my sunbeam; my wild rose 1" I ejaculated ehe, in low, tremulous accents, an opened her arms. - The girl flew into them, and for a moment thei ?was only a broken murmur of endearing wore1 and little exclamations of happiness. Then laii ghing and clinging to her aunt's bandi Fay led tho way up to the house, and put he into its chief seat. "There! you are to talk with Steenie an Nansie, as quickly as you can. Get over all th orders about the cattlo and tho supplies, and al J that wearisome rubbish, and then come down wit me into the grotto, my fairy grotto, and, whe: wo aro rocking in the boat there, I havé much, ol i so very much, to tell you." Nansie had surreptitiously poured some brot into a basin, and set it on the coals. She stoo rbeforo it to conceal the proceeding, but shemigb [ have spared herself the trouble, for the woma: i had no eyes except for the beautiful creature wh hung so fondly over her. She drank tho broth when it was^ brought t her, and ate tho bread likewise provided.; but i i seemed as if the real nourishment and refresh mont came to her out of the girl's smiles and fon caresses. " Did yoxi havo a long ;saiL poor auntie j an was your breakfast so early that you are airead; hungry ?" , she said, lightly. " If I had known it I would have made some: cakes for you. I cai make famous cakes, can I not, Nansie ?" ,..??:? And she laughed gaily. at tho energetic no< which Nansio gave in response. " I have bad all that I require, dear," responde* her aunt. " And Steenio and I have had ou: business talk down at tho landing ; PO I' am a your service But why can we not go out to th benoh ? Why must you go down to your boat?" r '? Oh, because-because it is so much nico: there. ? And wo can loll it bettor.. And when '. amthero, in my fairy grotto, I- am Pay. \- " Yon are a fanciful little.creature !: -But, tin cave and the cavern are delightful, spots. ; Then is not a place on the shoro of tho island; so brokoi off [from tho rude, assaults > of the waves; so frei from surf. Perhaps the fairies*1 have held off th power of the sea, that you may haye it fora play house, with your boat." " But it is tho great crag ; and its being,on th< landward side of the island, that does it," inter posed Steenie. " Don't you see that the force o the water leaps away, over the outer ledge, anc hurries on, and only the ebb tides affect it?" Never mind what it is. I choose to believo ii is a fairy bower, and that I nm its princess. J wil tako tho cushions down now, and do you cqih< I speedily, my aunt," cried the girl. :r í I She caught up the cushions from the hench bj I tho door, and went out with them. . I Tho aunt stopped to speak a moment longe] I with Steenie, and then followed across the , oper ¡ slope and down the circuitous stair way rof, rock;. I Fay was in the boat, her arms crossed over hoi lap, her head bent downward, her eyes dreamilj I on tho water beneath her, when Bhe reached1 her ! She rose and dropped a cushion upon the floor oi tho boat, and seated herself upon it, at her auut'f i feet, when tho latter had'taken her -seat.:? ? Then, I stealing her soft fingors into, the (Other's ;hand, and nestling her head against her knees, shoibe i gan, bravely : < ' ^ M » '> \ "Auntie, I made you a promise.once j do you remember it?" , * ' 'v'-1 . " You have made à good many/dear; and; kept thom, too, I am proud'to helieve." ." But. thero.^was ' ono-a, strange ' one-I:won dered.so miichmt the time that yoii , should ask it of me." The sweet:voice.faltered a little.i /The facowas hidden in her lap, but the woman:'saw. : one ; crim son oar, and smiled to herself, knowingly,??. as she, said : "Give me a little more:light;andi! shall guess what you mean, my. oMld^>:'>(Ton';.promised'.me' something about wbat?" _î '< "; Oh ! auntie, ? about something dreadful.! I never believed there could'be a1 need. But now, now I am afraid that if I - would keep my word: I must tell you." '' ; ? f ' J , V Tell me, then ,- Fija listening.' I can't think what can be dreadful, though., . "Oh! he, is'^not.^'dreadflü/^i;hegan^^rtlho'r''girl4' eagerly ; " but-^-but-, . , "Ho ! Then there is a man, or is it a boy, con cerned with it ?i'; ' "Indeed, not á boy ?,t> all; he is a man, every inch a man, and I call bim Viking, though ho is not very large, nor tall." ( / ' ' . " A Viking ! .Do you mean that you have disco vered one hero in your fairy grotto, "my child P Why do you hesitate to speak? Why do you hide your face from me, the innocent face that has never yet shrank from showing mo its every thought and motion ?" > ; ? . Because-because-oh ! aunt if ; you ? would make me ono promise first I should have courage," faltered Fay, hiding her face still closer; :' "And what is the promise ?" in a very grave voice, at which the head was buried still deeper in her lap. , "If you would say that whatever you decido, I might see him once-only once moro," came in such smothered accents as to bo hardly audible. ' "Well, I will promise that. Trembling dove, lift up your head, and go on." . "Oh! auntio, something happened hore ; some thing so like a romance A gentloman came hore and I saw him." " Ah, yes ; like a good girl you told me about it last summer." " Last summer, indeed L That is not it at all. It is this summer that it has been repeated, but, oh, in such a wonderful way. For, auntie, he was on the ledge up there, the handsome youngman' I must call him Viking, or I cannot tell the story rightly. I was in tho boat below here, and I looked up and saw bim, and our eyes mot j and and ho tried to como down and l o slipped and foll. And I hold out my arms, and somehow thrust him off tho boat, so that bis head did not touch it, but he fell into tho water. Ah." She stopped to Bb iver and tremble. . Tho aunt's hand smoothed fondly tho lustrous waves of hair, as BIIO said, gently s i "How frightened you must have beeb, little ono. Did you scream or ory?" . "Tho girl Hf tod up her head proudly, and f tho first time revealed the wet eyes and h cheeks. . . "I pulled him into the boat. Yes, auntie did it all alone. And I rubbed his cold hand but I feared that he was dead." She stopped short, clasped the little brov hands together, and fell into a delicious reverie. Never by word or movement did the wornt interrupt her, but watched her closely, intentl and with an expression on her own face as if son long soiled but familiar book had been opened 1 her perusal once again. Presently thore came a long sigh, a quick blusl and a soft laugh. "But ho was not dead. Oh, no, auntie, h came to himself, and he thought he had died, an that I was a spirit. In a little while he was qxxii himself, and he was very tired, and so trouble because my arm was hurt. And so grateful b< cause I saved his life, as he declared I had. An we talked together hore a little while 5 perhaj. not so very little, but it seemed so. And-and î put MB handkerchief around my arm where it ws bruised. He is so kind. There was never anj body but you who seemed .? so kind and'tende with mo." ." He is so kind j you mean that ho was. Id not think that very strange, when you Bay. ho be lieved you had saved his Ufo. But you did nc forgot'our many- charges. You told, him nothin; about yourself ?" ' , - .iNo. At first he called me-Undine, and would not take the name. So now I am Faj only Pay. Now he is--" "Now!,-do youinean that he is here," cried ou the woman, half starting to her feet in undia guised alarm. fi No 5 oh; no. But-he has come again, to go hisihankerchief-and-and to find a ring1 he lost and to bring mo books and comfits," faltered tb girl.I have seen him many times; and I though ifc no' hann, until---" ""' . You have met him many times, and said no thing to me in your, letters ? ( Is that my gentle obedient'girl?" said the aunt, slovvly.. . . ' ' ' ( "No j but I thought,-it no harm.'. .Itseemee only a boy-and-girl frolic, until--" . ''Well?" '! Oh, auntie, don't be angry. Until tho lasi time., when' he said something that frightened mc, } and I remembered . that' I. promised to tel you if ever there was danger of my meeting-a lqv'er." . - - , /' "What did'ho say ? Child,' you have not, y ot could not behold and forward j you did mot telJ him ; he had' .won your love ¡before. he asked forUt." - ? -, J\ _ . . . . , ? Fay hid her burning faco ' with »botb handstand a'few tears trickled through tho outspread finge re and rolled 'down upon ' tho coarse;' black skirt oí her aunt's dross. : I cannot " ramem^^ frightened; so overwhelmed."' Auntie, auntie do you really think he is my lover?" . 'i Did ho say so?"*asked the other, in a 'carefully guarded voice. ; 'i Yes, oh, yes. He insisted that ' it was so 3 but; I said it was only a boy-and¿girl acquaintance. And I moved away from him after it; " I; didn't sitiso near him while ho read." ' ' "And you will not care, if you [do ¿iqt see; any. more of him after the one meeting I promised you, when you will say farewell to him?"-; y , T" Tho sweet face became very pitiful f its lovely colör faded out ; tho great- eyes: grow, 'sorrowful and wistful. '1 - ? . j '' ...»'.?.??.? (TO BB CONTINUED.) ' ' * 