fltOM MR RICHARDSON'S RECITAL. Lovers of Charles Dickenn'chnrming Christ mas carol— That is to say Its numberless readers— should givo Mr Locko Richardson a bumper liouso to-night, when ho recites It for tho second time in Melbourno ; and any person y/lio by strange luischauco lms not yet road this most delightful of charity sonnons should make his or her wav to tho Uussoll street liali in order to learn and rovol In the exniiisito Yulotide story. It was recited by Mr Locke ItichftrdHon— notwithstanding tho serious ao- cldont referred to in yestordny's issue— with a iiowcr and freshness, a genial humor and tender pathos that would have delighted its Author had ho . been present in tho flcsli. Ono could indeed imagine that tho spirit of Charles Dickens was present, tiiat, with as llttlo dilliculty aa Marloy'fl ghost . experioDced in a similar undertaking, ho had seated himself in the horse-hair arm chair on tho platform and tlmnco inspired tho reader in his admirable iutorprutution of tho Carol, nud rejoiced at tho brilliant success achieved. Now tho audience were moved to indignation Hid contempt for tho hurdhoarted. stingy aiuuey- giieqmig Scrooge ; anon to a righteous pleasure at liis terror, at tho awomspiring ftpparitiou ; next to rare mirth and umnixou delight at tlioFe;:rigigfestivity,and at Poddcr's lovo.makingjanontoiioarticatByinpathywiththo honicly rejoicings and innocent merriment of Bob Urntchott und his happy . family, and then to feelings of veriest sadness ut tho Imaginary uccuo of grief . and desolation wrought by tho dream of Tiny Tim's death— thcra wore, indued, somo suspicious coughings and liaudkcrchief upjihcatlous on Dm part of tho more emotional audiouco— and finally fdl present— tho spirit of Dickons included — tcjojced at tho hapiiy ending of tho most fascinating Christmas story over penned. At the conclusion, tho prolonged and enthusi astic 'Applause of tho audiouco testified thoir high appreciation of tho treat afforded tlicin by Air Richardson, and it was continued until tlio reader returned and bowled his acknow ledgements. Tho mwi3uro of tho ovening's entertainment was followed up by a fairly well delivered recitation of Longfellow's King Robert of Sicily, and a capital and very mirth- provoking presentation oi Lord Duudreary on 11 Proverbs. " 