SMIL HEWS. OUR LONDON LETTER. V itom our ow.v correspondent. ... LONDON, jtjyjj jULT As usual of late, we arc in iho midst of a political crisis, which, like previous ones, will Qplv come to an eiifl with the result of prepar ing the way for a succession of others. Neither the Queen's autograph letters nor Lord Salis- bury's personally urged ontreatics have induced tho haughty and sullen representative of Hos- scndale to consent to n Cabinet union of Unionists and Tories. Lord Hartington will givo Lord Salisbury an independent support, bSt not even the letter's proffered abdication of tho premiership in favor of tho Whig Mar- qais has had the effect of inducing Lord Hartington to coantenancc the idea of a Coa lition Government. Tho Whig leader is de termined to take no action which would have the effect of finally cutting off his roturn to his old party. This is also tho fcoling of Mr. Chamberlain, who, so long as tho interests of tho unity of tho Empire require it, will, like Lord Hartington, extend a general patronage to the purely Tory Administration, whicii is just now in tho throes of formation. It was hoped until tho last moment that Mr. Goschen would havo waived tho scruples which weigh with his fellow secessionists, and would havo thrown in his lot with iho party which ho really ont Tory's, and to whom his accession as Chan cellor of tho Exchequer and leader of tho House of Commons would have been a source of vastly increased strength and stability. In the end, however, the ex-member for Edinburgh decided to say ditto to Lord Hartington. His abstention can, however, bo only regarded as temporary j as it is understood that he has de cided to stand his next contest as an avowed Conservative, instead of, us iieretoforc, a milk and water Liberal The distribution of offices wifhin Iho Cabinet has been a source of considerable anxiety and disquictudo to the Premier. All, hotvercr, seems now to have been settled amicably ; and, as far as appears on tho surface, to tho satisfaction of tho gentlemen mainly inlcrestod in the several selections inndo. It was rumored nt au early stage of tho Cabinet making negotiations that Lord Randolph Churchill would becotno tho nomiual, as lie has been so long the real leader of the Tory party in tho Houso of Commons ; hut amazemout was capped when it was stated that with this high function he would combine the responsibility for tho public finances. Incredulity has now been put an end to, and truth again proved to bo straugor than fiction, by tho dclinito an nouncement that the promotion referred to lias undoubtedly been conferred upon tho flighty representative of democratic Toryism. The noxt few days will seo in tho seat of Pitt, Can ning, Russoli, l'almeraton, Gladstone, and Disraeli ono who has attainod this proud clova- tion at au ago only paralleled in tho caso of the first named of theso groat parliamentary giants. It is talked of as conclusive evidence of Lord Randolph's supremo capacity that ho should thus pose when not yot forty ; but for my port the fact rather proves the littleness of his com peers than his own intrinsic greatness. There was some talk of Mr. IV. II. Smith taking the first position in tho Honso of Com mons, but in tho cud tho man of books hns again bcon selected to preside over tho man of war. Though not a brilliant, ho is a thoroughly sound, safo and sensible man, and I cannot but think that his nomination would havo commanded greater confidenco, and havo afforded greater securities for tbo stability of tho Administration than the choico actually mado Is at all likeljr to do, Tho great aim of Lord Salisbury hoiug to carry the Unionists with him, it Is surely a mistake to giro tho leadership in tho Chambor where Lord Harting ton sits to a man whoso nature con boast so little of tho conciliatory, aud who is anything hut a persona grata to tho Unionist chief. Mr, Smith, on the other hand, would have in no way offended the idiosnycrasies of the Duko of Devonshire's heir apparent. From this point of view tho appointment seems unfortunate j but then Lord Randolph is popular in the country, and Mr. Chamberlain aud the radical wiug of tho Unionists are likely to be pleased rather than estranged by his promotion. Another difficulty with which Lord Salisbury bad to contend was as to the disposal of Sir Michael Hicks-Bonch, who, it will bo remem bered, was leader in tho Coinmous and Chan cellor of the Exchequer in tho Premier's last shore lived Government, Tho fact that tho Irish Secretaryship lias through late occur rences become practically tho second post in tho Administration of the country, afforded him a good outlet for superseding Sir Michael with out dcrogatiug from tho letter's political status. Sh Michael is, therefore, to go back to his old oltico as Chief Secretary, aud this position being incompatible with the parliamentary leadership, Lord Randolph steps into his shoes in the House of Commons on terms which, whilst they raise the prestige of the one, do not depress that of tho other. Lord London derry, the newly selected Viceroy, has youth, 'wealth and birth on his side : but lie brings with him hateful reminiscences of hi3 grand uncle, "cut throat Cnstlerengh," and this at a time when it is desired that by gones should bo of all things bygones, and when it is essential before everything that tho iron hand which may havo to deal coercion should bo velvet gloved. Tho ox-Cnbinct had a meeting yesterday, when it was determined to at least deliver a protest against tho declaration of tho Irish policy of the new Ministry being deferred till next year. Tho protest will, however, fall flat, end wo shall, therefore, have to wait till the spring to loarn what are the details of the scheme of local autonomy which it is understood Lord Salisbury will endeavor to gain tho assent of Parliament to extending to all three kingdoms, and perhaps to Wales as well. Lord Salisbury got a mngniflccnt greeting at the Carlton Club on Tuesday, both from the vast crowd gathered outside and from the mem bers of both Houses assembled in the interior to hear his explanation of the circumstances attend ing the formation of tho new Cabinot and the measures of necessary legislation in immediate prospect. As he passed up tjie crowded staircase nil hats were raised and tho enthusiasm must have reminded him of the time when, in company with Lord Beaconsiield, he returned (lOm Berlin, bearing " peace with honor," and was received with an ovation from tho parlia mentary members of liis party, not often ac corded even to g -politician twje-j in a lifetime, 02! Cf Of! ;!r!wn? features of'tllo meeting was the strong support Yolunteored by' I-ord Car narvon both to his home and ilom&ffic; ndi'CJt that genial and gentle es-Viccroy having been credited with Home Rule leanings of a pro nounced typo. As the Carlton gathering 13 likoly to assume considerable historic impor tance, the following syuopsis of tho Premier's statement, supplied by one of the press agen cies, may bo perused with interest. Lord Salis bury congratulated tho party on tho succoss which had attended their efforts at the re cent elections, aud especially on their honorable observance of the compact with tho Liberal Unionists. In the ex isting conditions of political controversy the Conservatives and the Liberal Unionists wore fighting tho same buttle, and he was glad to find that when necessary Conserva tives were willing to sacrifice their personal in terests rather than givo cause for irritation to their allies. It was his desire that this condi tion of things should continue to exist, and with this view he had had an interview with Lord Hartington, and had made efforts to unite the Conservative party and tho Liberal Unionists. It would bo a breach of confidonco on his part to state what Lord Hartington had said to him, lint he was nt perfect liberty to toll them what he had said to Lord Hartington. IIo had given the Liberal Uniouist lender an urgent invitation either to take the responsi bility of forming a Ministry himself, which would nave tno support ot tho Conservative party, or to co-operato witli him (Lord Salis bury) in the formation of a Cabinet. But with every desire to subordinate party interests to the maintenance of the unity ot tho Empire, Lord Hartiugton, for patriotic reasons, was dis inclined lo dissociate himself from those with whom he had been so long and honorably con nected. He therefore declined the invitation which had bcon made in a spirit of good faith, and refused in complete consistency with his previous avowals. Lord Hartington was per fectly pronounced on this poiut, but he pro mised that the policy of tho Government upon Irish affairs should meet with his cordial support, so far as from his point of view- it tended in tho direction of the unity of tho three kingdoms. Lord Salisbury then invited tho atteutiou of the meeting to the work to which Parliament would have to de vote itsolf on its assembling. There wore two courses opoa to thom. In tho first placo tho House of Commons might bo called together for tho purpose of swearing in members, and, that business having been disposed of and tho writs for tho re-election of Ministers having been is sued, tbo House might adjourn forthwith for nu autumn session. Tho vote on account granted by tho last Parliament was for a sufficiently long period to mcot such a contingency. On the other baud, tho House of Commons might, after its reconstitulion, immediately pro ceed to tho consideration of supply, which was left in aboyance when Parliament was dissolved. He suggested that it might be wise and prudent to proceed with the outstand ing business immediately after tho opening of the session in August, and that might be aono aftor tbo re-elections, or concurrently with them. Ho referred in general terms to tho question of Ireland, which would receive at the hands of the Government a most careful attcution, and expressed a hope that it might not be neces sary to call Parliament togotlior again until tho early part of noxt year, when tho Government would be in a position to stato their views on that important subject. I saw Mr. Robert Rcid, vice-president of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, at tho office of his firm on Saturday last, and was glad to find he recognised tho fact that it was folly to ask your working classes to pay the fares of artisan rivals out to Victoria by moans of any system of colonially assisted emigration. Enthusiast as ho is in favor of migration within tho limits of ttio British Em pire, ho lias pretty woll left his own colony ont of tho reckoning in the stirring speeches which ho has had many opportunities of making dur ing his stay. While, therefore, he has preached tho cause energetically, he has mainly applied the text to Western Australia, which is really crying out for nn increased and an honest _ population. As Mr. Reid has largo interests iu your only reuiainiug Crown colony ho has managed to square his own and tho public benefit remarkably well. Mr. Rcid can boast of a very effective, if rather rugged, method of expressing his ideas, and in hammering into the heads of the working classes hero tho desirability of their bettering their condition by emigrating to the pearl colony, he always makc3 a point of the tact that tho latter, being under direct British control, they will still continue to be under the same Government, although undor a different sky. Whether in view of East end slums, &e.;, they are likely to look on this as an unmixed blessing is another matter ; but the point is a very effective one at an English public meet ing, especially where the audienco i3 well warmed up with wine or excitement. When tlioy get out, Mr. Raid's emigrants will, like most of their predecessors, itch to get away from under Downing-strcet rule into the freer air of your self-governing communities. Or, more probably perhaps, their desire in that direction will give such an impetus to tbo local . movement in favor of local autonomy that not oven tho ghost of Sir Luke Leake will ho able to much longer block the way to its inangura- tion. Sir. Rcid made a lengthy tour of the United States and Canada, whilst en route hither from Australia, and was shown an ex- traordinary degree of attention by manufac turers and others desirous of making their pro ducts better known iu your southern markets. 