WINSTOWE. £? MES,LKITH-ADAM3.. CHAPTER XXXV. ' As for the good woman heiBd^sIi^. was at all times possessed by the oonrictaoti thatthe only way In which to " nrfmster'to a mind diseased was to supply, the body "with every possible nourishment, and she most have boiled down whole cows into beef-jelly during the weeks her young mistress lay sick., Af for Briggs, he pat on a deeply mourning countenance from the very tune of ' Mr. Tremletfe death; indeed, Bngga considered hinrmulf so thoroughly part ana parcel of the family he served that naturally, when sorrow overwhelmed them, he was crashed too;.and he now. took to such a habit of shaking his head portentously as he Bat on one side the kitchen fire of an evening that Mrs. Timmins was driven to ask Mm, in her most witheringandsarcastic manner, "if he meant to shake it off altogether?" adding, with a spiteful jerk of her own head, that there was "as good fish in the sea as ever came out of it, and the best weren't caught either," and that for her part she " thought the Lord knew beat who to take and who to leave." *' But some folks might as well have eyes in the backs of their heads for all the use they wnnim of those they have to look Straight afore them," said Mrs. Timmins, lifting a saucepan bff the fire with a jerk, and setting it down with^ flop on the crossbar. " When folks are ill, they're ill, and it's right enough to entreat the Lord for them ; but when they're gone, they're gone, and-it's just flying in God Almighty's face to make such a fuss ovet thenu \Vhy, look at King David; when his baby was dead, didn't he just get right up and wash Ms race, and behave him sal f like a sensible man that knew it was no manner of nse carrying on when the Lord's will was made as plain as needs be? It's all very well, Briggs, but I've stood that long face of yours long enough, and Z won't put up with it no more. I've no appetite for my victuals with yon opposite me: and as to Miss Lilian, why, poor young lady! when she gets about again, the very sight of you a-waiting at table will be enough to throw her back as bad as ever!" "Good Lord!" groaned Briggs to himself, as the irate old lady left the Kitchen with a bit of a taste for the young mistress, "she's off in her tantrums, she is, and I'm going to hare a regular time of it! I must just try to pluck up a bit. Butsuch a terribly mortality! soch an orful eventuality! Lord bless as! cut off in the flower of his age, andsuck a free genlleman with his money f" Briggs was so overcome at this last reflection that he drew forth a spotted handkerchief; but hearing the rustle of the tail of the enemy's dress round the corner of the passage, and not having time to get it back into his pocket, with admirable presence of mind he sat upon it, aad postponed shedding a few quiet tears to the memory of the dead until he should be Bale in the seclusion of his pantry.- To use Mrs. TimininrfB own words, the master wandered about in these anxious days " like a ghost as had no respectable home." To see bis darling lying soil and quiet, her sad eyes turned upon a pictured fece whose dark eyes would never more meet hers.in life, was a terrible pain to his tender heart He would steal in a-tiptoe twenty times a day, and just touch the bright hair on the pillow, or stroke the -white cheek that had somehow lost its lovely roundness of contour; and Lilian always had a smile .for him, but oh! such a faint; waauaiie. that,-meeting it, the old man would turn away, And, wandering out into the gardens, pice a weary sentry go" up and down the terrace walks, where once in the dusky twilight, heavy with the perfume of a hundred flowers, Guy Tremlett had told the story of his love to & mil's willing ears, and stolen sweet kisses from her lips. "Master, said Mrs. Timmins one_ day, when die came upon the old man sunk in sad thought, and resting hie head upon his hajid, "don'tgo for to give way so; she's coming round, is Miss Lilian—it e little by little, I know, but yet ifs sure enough, though slow. Why, sir, a body couldn't help bat come round when they re supplied constant with beef-tealike mine; it stands as firm as Gideon's rock when ifs cold, and you can see the dish through it, it's that dear I" "Ah! yes, yes, I know," sighed Mr. Earle; "you take good care of the child, Timmins—good care indeed; but I fear her trouble lies too deep for na to reach it. It's because she never saw him—because he died without a word. God of heaven! shall I ever forget her face as she knelt by his side and torched Ms hair with her tender white hands!" He paused a moment, overcome by the thought of what that awful, silent grief had been to witness; then he went on, speaking almost more to-himself than to her, " if only Will had sent to let me know; who •could have broken it to her so gently—who could have" " Beg pardon, sir," interrupted Mrs. Timtrembling very much, " one to do anything without a reason; he d need to have a broad back to carry all the blame that's pat upon himand here the good woman gave her head the peculiar toss that always mads Briggs quail in Lis shoes. " 111 lay anything he'd good reason for what he did, sir, though I know l'm stepping out of my plaoe to say each a thing. Why, how could he tell the fever the poor young gentleman died of wasn't a-catching one—a typhus, or something of that sort? There's never no knowing where _ you have a fever, sir, or what it mfeht do frith itself, or where it pokes its nasty nose into. There was an mint of mine, a most respectable woman in the cornchandlery badness, and she knew a -man that went to one of them fever hospitals to see a friend lying sick of a ty phus, and when he came home, or, he just went and dropped right down dead of an apoplexy in front of his wife's face!_ So you see there's no reckoning on these things, and to my mind Master William had a right to be carefnL" added the good woman, as if the remarkable of infection she had just narrated settled the matter beyond dispute. But though the ideas of Mrs. Timmins upon the subject. of contagion might be, to eay the least of . it, open to controversy, die proved to be perfectly right as to the feet that her young mistress was " coming round." Perhaps it tended to .rouse the poor child from her lethargy of grief when news came toiWinstowe ofMrs. Xremletfs dangerous jl^wm ; and, a little late on, of her nadden departure from the Conrt, aooompanied by the jfWHjrfnl fonsonby and a medical man, the destination of. the travellers bong only spoken of the indefinite term of "abroad." Sinoe her son died Mrs. Tremlett *»«i never penned one line to the girl who had been bis destined wife, -not the slightest notice had she taken of Lilian's pitiful, sympathizing letters, written with effort and in the midst of pain and weakness. It seemed as if a pall of impenetrable silence was cast over the mother's sorrow—a 8QZTOW deepened and intensified, as we know, by that bitterest of all ingredients, selfreproach. While at Winstowe life went on in very <rni*t nwiKrtflww* fMhinn, the variations in a nek girl's cheek, or the fluctuation* of her pulse, forming the grand interest of each succeeding day; out in the world beyond the Aidreggan romance" formed the topic of MIIMUIBTENIB. - Investigations conducted by learned men of law were followed with breathless interest by that insatiable monster known as "'the public;" and when at last it was established beyond all manner of doubt, legal or otherwise, that William Snow, the boy that had drifted in fee snowstorm of a winter long ago to David Earle's feet, was the grandson of Sir George Plaistow, of Ardreggan, County Roxburgh, the public gave a. sort of gasp of mingled astonishment and content, and then—turned to some other interesting case that chanced to crop up, and forgot all about the new-found heir ana bis romantic history. It is given to none of us to be more than a " nine days' wonder" to the world. That correspondence of which mention has been made as existing between Mr. Pettigrew and his humble worshipper, Miss Pheemie, was kept up as time went on and winter grew to early spring with exemplary regularity. Week by week a missive indited in a hand that looked as though a feeble spider had dipped its. legs jn the ink and then crawled about on the paper, arrived at the Q.C.'s rooms in St. James'a-Btreet, and not a little exercised the curiosity of Mr. Pettigrew's factotum, Mndford. He, with that lively interest invariably taken by domestics, male and female, in the correspondence of their betters, who was wont to turn over and over these unmistakably feminine epistles, speculating, as be did so, upon the possibility of there being anything matrimonial on the tapis—a. turn of fate which he would have regarded in the light of a calamity, both for himself and his master. However, Mr. Pettigrew had one peculiarity which, it must be confessed, was rather haid on Mndford—he nfev&r; by iay chance left a letter lying about. Argus-eyed, as it is the manner of his dan to be, after any chance of satisfying an innate andjpetty curiosity, it had never yet happened to 'Mudford to .find more than an empty envelope on either desk or dressingtaple. This circumstance placed him at a great disadvantage, -when his brethren in Livery told exquisitely delightful stories of the affairs of their employers—affairs of which they had gleaned a . few fragments, and of which all deficiencies wpre easily filled up by those coarse suggestions that are the natural outcome of the vulgar mind. Never had Mudford been more oppressed t>; a aenBe of the cruel injustice of his master's Icautious habits than when in one week no Sewer -than three of the strange letters •arrived one after the other, and this hailstorm of correspondence Was followed by the delivery of two by the same post Mudford [remarked, too, that at this time his master was somewhat restless and uneasy, and that jhe walked up and down the rooni after dinner instead of going to the dab for his rubber or game at billiards. "Master's bin and committed hisself to matrimony, and the young woman's threatening breach of promise if he dont cxrry it out sharp," theugnt Mudford to himself. The climax of affairs arrived when Mr. Pettigrew declared ins intention of leaving town for a week, and added that he should not require Mndford to accompany him. i " Did you say X was not to accompany you, fair?" aaid -that worthy, fidgeting with the handle of the door, and thinking his ears must have deceived him. {To be continued.) 