DISTRICT NEWS. GOONAMBIL. FBIDAT, July 2. (FBOIf OUR OVA COBBESPOKDEKT ) . The state of this locality is in unison with that of the surrounding district, the dearth o£ g™s being the prime Bource of depression. We had some welcome showers a short time since, when all appeared to conspire to favor a general resuscitation. Bat no ; John Frost had determined to rerisit us with his cold vitreous sword, and is here. The poor, impoverished animals— horses, oxen, and sheep alike, which have in many instances been reduced to mere walking skeletons from insufficient pasture—are cruelly pierced to the heart by Frost's crystal and bloodless weapon. Chaff, and forage of every description, had a good inquiry a while ago. Many speculators and others, finding none could be obtained, went to Victoria to buy; but I am informed that Mr. P. Fealy, whose selection is in Burrangong, about twelve miles from Uraua, has something over forty tons of chaff for sale still on hand, which he has preserved according to the dictates and practical experience of half a lifetime devoted to agricultural pursuits. There are several other agriculturists about this locality, but most ot them have sold all the forage they could spare, the severity of tbeseason compelling those who have stock to retain a very considerable quantity of forage for their own use. The farmers about here have finished ploughing and sowing, and some prognosticate a failure for late crops, if such unfavorable weather continue. Some lessees, owing probably to the "red prospect" of affairs, have taken the opportunity to while away their time in preventing traffic through their leaseholds. So-called trespassers —who are generally going for forage—are frequently overtaken, and lectured in such a manner as cau be acquired oDly by long and continual practice in llie arc of prohibitive declamation. The much-needed and long-talked-of village reserve ou the south bank of the Billabong Creek near Goonambil, and on the main Coruwa and Urjna road, is at last assuming the requisite form, some of the leading residents here, whose watchword is " Advance," having drawn up a petition praying that tbe Legislative Assembly will be pleased to advise bis Excellency the Governor to set apart a village reserve at the place before referred to. The petition is being numerously signed, and should have the desired effect. It is proposed to forward it to Mr. Hayes for presentation to the House j and I am sure it will have tbe support of our esteemed and worthy representative, Mr. Lyne. There can be no cause for refusing the village reserve, unless it be that it will encourage the selectors and farmers around to retain their bits of land, and remain where they are. There are many reaaona which could be advanced in favor of a town on tbe site indicated. All who are acquainted with the locality and its surroundings will admit that nature intended it for a townBhip. Of all the localities neglected by the Governlent, ours is the one. Not but that we contribute aa much to the Exchequer as many of those localities in which public money is so lavishly expended—I am not now referring to the too mad scheme of wire-net-anti-rabbit-bono- squatter fencing. Some three years ago the residents of this locality conceived the idea of getting a bridge thrown across the Billabong. A petition .wrs drafted, which when sent in bare an immense number of signatures. However. lore of.self and self.conveuience prompted some to start another petition. It went in, and lol the consequence — both are doing without the bridge. The interested squatters sit laughing at the fun. The next—and it was and is urgently required—was a railway. Petitions were drafted, signed, and forwarded to head-quarters, bat not the ghost of s railway have we, nor are we likely to have while we continue our eemi-somnambulic existence. Railways are one of the best modes of opening up tbe dormant resources of a country, and of' settling people on the soil. Snrely we can expect that some of the thousands o£ pounds drawn to the Treasury from thiB locality could be remitted to us in the Bhape of useful works. But tbe proposed township reserve will cause money to flaw to, not from the Exchequer, which should be veiy desirable in the present financial 