ADRIAN VIDAL. BY W. E. NORMS, Author of " Madamoiselle del Merzac," "Matri mony," and " Ihirlby Ball." CHAPTER XL. ADRIAN'S LAST ATTEMPT. Adrian walked home in a white heat, and his anger was only to a small extent against Wilbraham. The man had insulted him grossly and stupidly, and he had done what he could to avenge tne - insult. If he had not exactly succeeded in washing it out in blood, that did not signify so very much after all. What hurt him far more than anything that Wilbraham could say was the thonght that Clare had complained of her lot to an outsider. Had be been less incensed, he would have known that to complain to an outsider was about the last thing that she was likely to do; but he had not all his wits about him, and he was under the impression that Wilbraham had given himself out as being in some sort Mrs. Vidal's spokesman as well as her champion. That was the last straw ! It was rather hard that, with the sense of his wrongs strong upon him, he should have to go straight to Clare and make a humiliating confession; but there was no help for it—the confession muBt be made. To confine himself to the bare announcement that he had been extravagant, and must retrench, would— though disagreeable enough—be plain sailing. Many a man is compelled to make such announcements to his wife; and she, if she be worthy of the name of wife, will be pretty sure to try and console him, instead of reproaching him. But Adrian rather doubted whether he would be able to stop there, and doubted still more whether anything would be gained by proceeding farther. He bitterly regretted now that he had put himself in the wrong by pretending to flirt with women whom he neither liked nor respected. If he accused Clare of having traduced him to a third person, she would have an answer ready to which it might not be easy to find a rejoinder; for the legal maxim "of " The greater the truth, the greater the libel" is one which has never yet commended itself to feminine minds. On reaching Alexandra Gardens he turned and walked back for some distance, and then turned again, debating with himself whether he should tell Clare ot his encounter with Wilbraham or not; and when at length he entered his house he had reached no decision, He had still several hours in which to cool down and consider himself; for he found Georgina in the drawing-room, and presently De Wynt, who had been asked to dine, came in. Unfortunately, however, the presence of De Wynt did not serve to soothe Adrian's irritated nerves. Why is it that, during the interval which separates betrothal from marriage, ninety-nine couples out of a hundred become a standing affliction to all who are forced to dwell under the same roof with them? Why are they for ever exchanging meaning glances? Why must they needs indulge in mute demonstrations which everybody in the room sees perfectly plainly, but which they absurdly assume to be visible only to themselves ? What strong delusion possesses them that they seem to take a positive pride in conduct which they would ridicule and despise in anybody else ? A happy thing it is for them that they speedily forget this period oi insanity—forget it as we have all forgotten the time when we were red and squalling infants. But those who saw us as infants do not forget the circumstance. They may forget a good deal about us, but they never forget that; and never fail to remind us of it. Nor is the behaviour of engaged lovers ever forgotten by those unfortunates who have chanced to be shut up in the house with them for a few days. Let young lovers bear this truth in mind, and tremble. The worst of it is that age would seem to be no safeguard against the above-mentioned malady. Georgina and De Wynt—neither of whom was in the first blush of youth—were quite as ridiculous as any boy and girl; and even Clare, heartily as she rejoiced in the engagement which she had done her best to bring about, was obliged to admit that they were not the best of company at this time. De Wynt was by far the greater offender of the two. Georgina, true to her principle of self- efiacement, simply did what be tola ber, and appeared to delight in this unwoated attitude of compliance; but he—whether because he wished to indemnify himself for many years of sober common-sense, or because he really was not responsible for his actions—went on in a way. which was found very trying by his future brother-in-law, and which did little credit to his reputation for tact. " I say, Vidal, you're not really busy just now; what should you say to our giving ourselves a three or four days' holiday on the river?" he began, in a sort of "let's-all-behappy-together" tone, as soon aB he had taken his place at the dinner-table. " We wculd take it easy, you know, you and I pulling, and one of the ladies Bteering for us; and whenever we thought we had had enough work, we could stop a night at one of those jolly little river side inns. Don't you think that's"a first-rate idea ?" "I dare say it is," answered Adrian, shortly; " but unfortunately I couldn't manage to get away at present." "Ob, bosh!" returned De Wynt; "you can if you choose. Mrs. Vidal, you get him to come. He won't refuse you." Clare said," I doubt whether either of you would be equal to the exertion of pulling up stream for several days. Besides, it might come on to rain." I But De-Wynt was not to be discouraged. He now turned to Georgina, and, with one of those pregnant glances which have been alluded to above as characteristic of the betrothed lover, persisted: "We should all enjoy it. You would, wouldn't you? And so would Mrs. Vidal—and so would ViadI, really. They only want to be stirred up. Do use your eloquence upon them." " I think it would be great fun," responded the submissive Georgina. Thereupon Adrian lost patience and exclaimed, "It would indeed! We should be a gay and frolicksome party. Only, as I can't possibly go, I am afraid we shall have to content ourselves with keeping UD our usual flow of uproarious jollity at home?' He knew perfectly well-what De Wynt was driving at, and was not ungrateful to the little man, whose good intentions he recognised; but it was rather exasperating to be treated as though he and his wire were a couple of children who had had a tiff, and must be reconciled by older and wiser persons. De Wynt was silenced for the time being; but he returned to the charge repeatedly in the course of the evening, employing all kinds of transparent stratagems to get Clare and Adrian to speak to one another, suggesting various absurd projects, and accepting the snubs which he thus brought downupen himself with the mcst inexorable good humour. Towards 11 o'clock he rose to depart. Adrian, as in duty bound, begged him to stay a little longer and smoke a cigar, trusting that the invitation would not be accepted, yet experiencing a slight chill of disappointment when it was declined. Most of us, aB we stand upon the dentist's doorstep, have just the shadow of a faint hope that he may not be at home ; but he always is at home, and we should be juBtly indignant with him if he were not. By the time that Adrian had shut the front-door behind his guest he had overcome his momentary longing for a reprieve, and only wished to get through the coming bad quarter of an hour as speedily as might be. He walked back to the foot of the staircase and called to Clare, who was just preparing to ascend to her bedroom. " Would you mind coining into the study for a few minutes ?" he asked. She looked a little startled, he thought; }-'Ut she turned at once and cime down. Presently she followed him into the little room, which was but partially lighted by the shaded lamp upon the writing-table, and silently awaited his pleasure. Neither of them sat down. "I wanted to tell you," Adrian began, looking away from her as he spoke, " that I have got inta difficulties. I have made much less this year than I expected to make; our expenses have been heavier than I thought they would be, and to-day 1 heard of the loss of some money which I had invested in the Anglo-Saxon. The upshot of it all is that we shall have to make a change in our manner of living." He glanced quickly at Clare when he had made this brief statement; but she did not reply, nor did she seem to be in any way moved. " I am very sorry about it," he went on, after a pause. " I nave been unlucky; but I have been imprudent too, and I certainly owe you an apology. Perhaps I ought also to apologise for having written a stupid book which nobody will buy. I might have known that I am cot the sort of writer to make money." " It will bs easy to economize," said Clare, quietly. Adrian was not sure that he quite liked this indifference. " It will be necessary; I don't know about it's being easy," he observed. " We shall have to make sacrifices— to give up this house, for instance." Then for the first time Clare exhibited some sign of interest. "Shall we go away from London?" she asked. "Is that the only thing that you care about ?" cried Adrian, irritably. " No ; I don't suppose we shall leave London. I don't think it would be wise to do so; I don't see any reason for our doing so. Why should we ?" I don't like London." " Well," said Adrian, subduing his impatience, " that is a reason, no doubt. The only question is—would you be any happier in the country ? You are not happy here; I am quite aware of that." To this Clare made no reply. " Yet you might be. At least, I think you might. To live always with a man whom you distrust and suspect—that is enough to make any one unhappy. But is it so certain that you are right to distrust and suspect me ? Just ask yourself the question. Why have we been strangers all this long, weary time ? Has it been worth while ? Has there been any real cause for it ?" Clare's lips were quivering, but she did not open them. Her eyes were cast down upon her fingers, which she was intertwining nervously. The time had been long and weary to her—more so, perhaps, than it had been to him; yet she could not say that she had had no cause to distrust him, and therefore it seemed best to say nothing. "Let us go back to the beginning," resumed Adrian. " It all beean—did it not ?— with your dislike of Lady St. AustelL You saw tnat she was a flirt, and you couldn't trust me with her. You did not see that, besides being a flirt, she was a stout, middleaged woman; though that might have reassured you, even if you could feel no confidence in me. And then, most unfortunately, you found her in the house. You wouldn't listen to my explanations; and it was hopeless to try and force them upon you. Besides, I confess that I was angry, as I really think that I had a right to be. But one can't go on being angry for ever—at least, I can't. The explanation was simple enough. Lady St. Austell came here, not for the pleasure of seeing me, but to scandalize Lord Blaise, who had taken upon himself to rebuke her; and when she came I could hardly send her away. That is the whole truth; I hope you believe it." He waited for Eome time; but, as Clare still continued silent, he repeated in a somewhat sharper tone, " Do you or do you not believe that I never cared a brass farthing for Lady St. Austell?" Clare had turned very pale. She remembered the scene which she had witnessed in Kensington Gardens ; of that no explanation was "possible. She could forgive her husband, but to tell a lie or to acquiesce in one waB beyond her. "I want to believe you!" she exclaimed, spreading out her hands with a despairing gesture; " but I can't! Arian, I would so much rather—so much, much rather that you told me the truth !" "I have told you the truth," answered Adrian, coldly, " and you have refused to believe me. You need not be afraid that I shall make any more attempts, I have already acknowledged that I have been very much to blame in living too extravagantly. In addition to that I have latterly—for reasons which you may or may not understand—gone more into society than a married man ought to do without his wife. Neither of these offences will be repeated, and I cannot accuse myself of having failed in my duty to you in any other respect. I have only one more thing to say. I must request that any future complaint which you may have to make of my conduct may be made to me, and not to Mr. Wilbraham, or to other persons of your acquaintance. "I never complained to Mr. Wilbraham!" cried Clare, suddenly bursting into tears. " How could you—how could you think !"— Adrian smiled coldly. " You doubted my word just now," he said. " Excuse me if I take the liberty of doubting yours. For such a very distrustful person, you seem to choose your confidants rather rashly, and I should recommend, both for my sake and your own, that in future you should trust nobody." After this there was silence for a few minutes, broken only by Clare's stifled sobs, then Adrian held the door open for her, aud she passed out without another word. CHAPTER XLT. THE RESULT OF AS ACCIDENT. Adrian, when he was once more alone, and could review the incidents of the painful interview just described, congratulated himself in that he had at least kept his temper. He might have done more wisely to lose it. The impression which Clare carried away with her was that her husband cared very little whether their quarrel were made up or not. His language had been in some measure conciliatory, but it had not been in the least affectionate, and his object, Clare thonght, had been rather to place her in the wrong than to convince her that he loved her still. So far he had been successful, for he had certainly made it appear as though she were in the wrong. Yet in his heart he must have known that it was not so. Before her eyes he had embraced Lady St. AuBtell, and to ask her after that to believe that he had never cared a brass farthing for the woman was to make too large a demand upon her credulity. If he had confessed, she could have forgiven him—not very easily, perhaps, since forgiveness of such injuries did not come easily to her; still, she could have forgiven him. But to make a fresh start upon the false assumption that she had been mistaken all along was neither possible nor desirable. The accusation which Adrian had brought against her of having bemoaned her fate to Mr. Wilbraham did not trouble her long, nor did she even feel much curiosity as to the source whence he had derived his information. At any other time she would have been more distressed by it, but now it seemed a little thing in comparison with the dreadful certainty which she felt that she ard her husband could never again be to each other what they had once been. She lay awake through the greater part of the night, turning it all over in her mind; and always the game conclusion stared her in the face—it would be better that they should fcari. The argument which has kept many a woman from leaving an unhappy home was not present in her case She had no children ; no one would suffer by her setting Adrian free to follow his own devices; she herself wculd be the happier in some ways for having done so, and it was beyond all question that he would be. For her own futnre she had a plan which, vague at first, developed gradually into a fixed purpose. Her experience at the Children's Hospital bad shown her that she possessed some of the qualities of a good sick nurse, and such technical training as she would need to enable her to adopt nursing as an occupation would, she thought, be acquired without difficulty. Sister Jane would donbtlesB be willing to give her information and assistance. On the following morning Adrian went out early, leaving word that he would not be home again before dinner time, and Georgina also departed for Brighton, whither she had been summoned to receive the formal congratulations of her mother, and to be presented with certain articles of jewellery, •'for which," as Mrs. Vidal the elder wrote, with the graciousness which distinguished her, " I have no further use." Clare, being thus left alone, had ample leisure for considering her scheme, and the more she thought of it the more advisable it seemed to her to put it into practice without delay. Every one knows the value of an accomplished fact, and it seemed to her that if she were to pack up her clothes quietly, leave her home, and write to her husband to inform him of the step that she had taken, she would forestall a good deal of the opposition which was to be exoected both from him and from her own family. The only point as to which she felt a little uncertain was whether Sister Jane would be able and disposed to give her shelter under such circumstances. She was sitting in the dining-room, making a pretence of eating the luncheon for which she had no appetite, and trying to make up her mind that she would go ana consult her friend that afternoon, when, as if in answer to her half-formed intention, the following telegram from Sister Jane herself was delivered to her:— " Come to me here, at once, if you can. I want particularly to see you." The address given was that of the Hospital served by the Society to which Sister Jane belonged. Clare was on her way in less than ten minutes. She was too much preoccupied with her own affairs to think of anything else during the greater part of the long drive, and it was only towards the end of it that she began to wonder why she hid been so hastily summoned. The explanation which she received on reaching her destination mystified her completely. " The poor woman will be very glad to hear that you have come," Sister Jane said. " She has been asking for you incessantly since the morning." "What poor woman?" asked Clare. " You did not say anything about her in your telegram." " Did I not ? Her name is Susan Bowman. It is an accident case. She was run over in the street and brought in here a few days ago.-' "I never heard of her that I can remember." " No; she said you probably would not know her by name, although she knows you very well, and has something which she is anxious to tell you. Her great fear has been that you would arrive too late." Is she dying, then," enquired Clare. " Oh yes," answered the other, in her quiet, placid way. "Nothing could be done for her. She has sustained internal injuries and has suffered a good deal of pain, poor thing; but that is over now. Indeed, I think mortification has set in."But you need not be afraid of seeing her," she added; _" there is nothing to shock you." "I should not be afraid in any case," returned Clare, who had her own reasons for wishing to show that she had no timid shrinking from unpleasant sights ; " only I cannot imagine who she can be or why she wants to see me. " Well, will you come and ask her ?" said Sister Jane. And she led the way up the broad stone staircase, Clare following. A woman with a deadly pale face and large black eyes, which opened slowly and fixed themselves with a steady lack-lustre gaze upon her visitor—a woman who must have been handsome a few days ago Perhaps the first apprehension which came into Clare's mind was not unnatural; for there is no denying that she was, as Adrian had asserted, very easily made suspicious. She waB upon the point of saying tnat she would rather not be told anything that it might be better for her not to be told, when suddenly the name of Susan Bowman seemed to stir Bome faint reverberation in her memory. " Have I not heard my mother speak of yon?" she asked. The woman made a sign of assent. " I told her fa pack of lies," she said, bringing out the words slowly and with difficulty; " but that hasn't done her any harm, I suppose. And her Ladyship sent me away without a character."- "Don't trouble yourself about it," said Clare, gently. Susan smiled. "That don't trouble me. But I've got to die, they tell me. and I thought I'd see you first and let you know of something that you'll be pleased to hear. It wasn't worth taking eo much trouble over a bit of woik to unpick it all as soon as it was done; but I don't seem as if I could get out of the world comfortably any other way, somehow. It's lucky for you that that busdriver knocked me over." She paused for a moment, and then added, " It wasn't quite the fair thing to make you suffer, anyway; for you've never done me a bad turn." " Why should 1 J" asked Clare wonderingly. "Ah!—but I did you a bad turn, I can tell you. It was I sent you those two letters about your husband." Clare's cheeks became pink. " I ought not to have taken any notice of them," she said. "And—and I daresay you meant them kindly." "&ot; me!" returned the other, with the ghost of a laugh. "No; 1 didn't owe you any kindness, and that's the truth. I had my own reasons—may be they were bad ones. You were ready enough to believe a lie, though." " Was it a lie ?" exclaimed Clare, eagerly. And then, " But it could not have been a lie. I saw"—- " You didn't see what you think you saw," interrupted Susan. " It wasn't her Ladyship whom you saw your husband kissing; it was me. And he kissed me because I made him, not because he wanted to, goodness knows ! I tell you that now, in case I shouldn't have the strength to get through the whole story. But I'll try. You're a jealous sort of woman, aren't you?" " Yes; I am afraid so," answered Clare, humbly. "And you don't know much about men, that's evident. It will make you pretty angry, I suppose, to hear that your husband was in love with somebody before he saw you. He was in love with me, and I was his mother's maid. If you don't like that, you must—lump it." "But, indeed, I am not so foolish—that does not make me angry—I am sorry," stammered Clare. " He thought it would make you angry, at all events; for he was frightened out of his life leBt I should tell you of it. To the best of my belief, he hasn't been in love with any one but you since his marriage; but Ishouldn t advise you to go on sulking with him as I hear you've been doing. He isn't the sort of man to make himself miserable for any woman's sake longer than he can help. don't want to speak against him, though. I don't think he treated me well, that's all." "Did he—did he promise to marry you?" asked Clare, hesitatingly. " Yes: he did. You may say that he was little more than a boy at the time, and that I was a fool for thinking the thing could come on again, after [it had been put a stop to by his friends ; but we most of us are fools—you in one way, and I in another, you see. My way was to take it into my head that I could learn to be a lady, and that a gentleman always kept his word. Well, if I nad never been anything worse than a fool, I could die easier." " I think I understand it at all," said Clare. "You must not,tire yourself with talking any more now. It was very good of yoa to send for me." And stooping over the bed, she took the dying woman's hand and held it in a soft clasp. But Susan's was a somewhat stubborn nature, and it is not likely that she felt any great affection for Mrs. Adrian Vidal. She drew her hand away, and answered: "I didn't send for you out of goodness. As for talking, I'd as soon talk as not. You say you understand; but you must be cleverer than you look if you do. I don't understand it. I don't see why Iplotted and planned to make him suffer. Where's the good of revenge ? After all, I don't care"- Her voice died away, and she lay for some time with half-closed eyes, breathing heavily. Clare did not expect her to open her lips again-; but by- and-bye she resumed, speaking, ss before, with a slow, laboured utterance, and pausing between each short sentence:— " 1 swore I'd punish him, and that wasn't a difficult thing to do. He hasn't much pluck. I scared him by threatening to go to you and tell you how he had behaved to me, and he didn't defy me, as any sensible man would have done. I knew he wouldn't. That was how I got him to meet me in Kensington Gardens. I dressed myself to look like her Ladyship, and I kept him talking till I saw you. Then I made him kiss me. He didn't half like it—though there was a time when be woudn't have minded." " It was rather cruel to toe," Clare could not help saying, I didn't think about you ; but I've put it Tight now. There's no harm done. Now ;ou go home and make it up with him. There never was anything between him and her Lady tbi [ — unless it was on her side—and he's a gocd fellow by nature. He used me badly ; but he's a good fellow. You tell him I said so—tell him Susan said so." Those were the last intelligible words that she spoke. She went on talking; but her mind had begun to wander; her voice became weaker and weaker, until it ceased altogether, and she sank into a sort of stupor. Sister Jane, who had moved away at the beginning of the colloquy, returned now and bent down over the bed. " There is scarcely any pulse," she remarked, presently; " it will be all over Boon." Then she looked up at Clare's face, which was scarcely less white than that of the dying woman. " Had you not better go away now ?" she asked. " There is nothing more to wait for, and you look very tired." Clare nodded and went, without saying anything. She passed down the stairs ana out into the street, and walked away, hardly noticing whither she was going. All her wrongs, all her . misfortunes had- been imaginary, then! She could not yet rejoice at tnat thought; there was room for nothing in her heart bnt bitter humiliation and selfreproach, Adrian had never been false to her; all that be had told her had been true; what he had concealed he had hidden from her only because he knew her jealous nature, and believed that she would resent what assuredly she had no right to resent. No; there was nothing to rejoice over in that; and what was worst of all was that she feared she had worn out his love. Never, surely, would it be possible to him to think of her again as he had thought of her once. Even she herself, though she had loved him all through, felt that something had been lost since the happy days of their honeymoon— something that neither repentance nor forgiveness conld ever quite restore to her. And she was right. Something had indeed passed out of her life, and would not return to it, however intensely it might be longed for._ It passes out of all lives and ,goes by various names; bnt most people cill it Youth, which is perhaps as near an approach to a definition as can be reached. 