Echosi from England. .» 1 * ? i (BT LITTLE JOHN.") ',?("-.', , ' .' THE TURF. . , ' LONDON;- Aran 17.-Although '-* tlioro has been racing "g'aloro';in; this ? yoa^ the quondam lùckbono of the British turf,: with! true Con- servative consistency, decline to recognise tho advent of -a new racing season" before tho Newmarket Craven "Mooting, which from time immemorial bas beeni considered...the legitimate starting point of business.: Owing to a variety of. causes, .tho interest, in ^sport . at, headquarters has.been for years gradually on fae wane, and tho meeting which bogan on Tuesday last faiicd¡ to attract more than a vevy moderato attendance. , Most of tho magnates,of .tho turf wore thero, and tho Jockoy Club stund was filled to repletion 5 but tho many, whoso shillings and half-crowns, go. so Jar toward; the -financial success of tho, " Sport of Kings,": as, wo how , uudcrstand it, did. not,, re- spond to any largo, extent, to the .capital- bill of faro which was presented for , their, delectation. All tho surroundings were pf tho most favorable character, und that capricious, but most, important of functionaries, the clerk of tho weather, was in one of his very boat moods. Nóod I sing the praiaes.of Newmarket, or describe thosa feelings of delight and exhilaration with which ono is Ulled ou a bright spring morning when that glorious expanse o£ country is clothed with verdure, and tho springy turf, soft with a, thousand perfumes more delightful than those of tho famed ."Araby tho- Blest;''.while high above,: soaring ia,tho -Empyrean, " tho gentleIark;at Hcav'u'a gato sings!' his 'joyous carol of .welcome. :: Truly, it is a scene of ; ou- dla nt ment which cauuot he excelled on tho face-of God'a CU'th. .1 V : ? '.O'3/' .. According-- to time-honored custom,, tho . proceedings opened with tho Trial Elate, which, as a.happy omen, re- sulted in a dead heat between Prinstcad and Exmoor, ¡the latter being al most; favori to, notwithstanding his poordi3 play, in tho City and Suburban. , Tho, 28th , Newumricob Biennial for thrco-years-olds followed, and there wore oight starters, Lord Zoclanu's Groy "Friars, by Hermit ( Arohoi's mount), .being installed a hot favorita. - Ho had,'however, to 'play, second, fiddle to a rank, outsider, tho- Dnko of Beaufort's Button Park, who star tod. at 20 .lol. Tho .winner is a groat leathering colt,; who> .on his looks, should have beonbaeked, but it was .said that ho had bcon beaton in his trial, and consequently was allowed to run loose. Tho Doublo Trial Plato was a poor affair, only seven two-yoars-olds putting in an a2>ponrancp, of whom Bessie by Beaucler J-Enfford Maid proved the bes t of au iudiiforent lot. Tho groat eveuupf . tho. day, tho Crawford- Plato-a race instituted in honor of that typical îîuglish sportsman, the late Mr. W. Stirling Crawford, did not suffer by reason of,th 0 reduction of the added mousy from 1OC0 sovs to 700, as . a capital field of- .nineteen faeod tho./starter. Up to almost tho. ulast ; moment Highland- Chiof,,on tho strength of his Epsom running, was the publio fancy, butiho was supplanted in; the betting by Hambletonian, who, , it ,was said,, got badly, away in; the Leicestershire Handicap. .Anyhow; his friends never, tired of taking 5>to 2\. He had no better luck here than at Leicester, dB ho was loft standing at the post, and .Wood did not attempt to follow the leaders.. Beitzmer was another strong tip, as it was rumored that ho had done something wonderful with Fulmeu. ( After they had humbugged about for, I don't. t know how -dong, Lord Marcus Beresford consequence l íytid^V^'*0^0 * ol - tho horses occupying a left-hand borth had tho ¡ ghost of a chanco ; among the number ¡being the threo best favorites- Highland-Chief, Boitzmor, and Hambletonian. Silver Crown slipped away with a lead or a couple of lengths, and keeping in front all tho way, rim homo without being called upon, a comfort- able, winner. Thö.French-bred Yargouillo mido, a gallant effort, but could only, got sooond place, Scherzo > hoing third. . Three placedhorsea started at.20to 1, ÏOOto 1;and ,20to 1 respectively. So much for, the judgment of.backera 1 "Whata funny little gamo it ia !" as Tom Coker used to say. Tho Duke.ofHainiltou's. Miss Lummy (the' origin; of whoso peculiar name I gayo some timo ago) cantered homo in front of her solitary opponent Oberon (Archer) in-tho Kidcllesworth, a post sweepstakes of 200 so va, half.forfeit. This illly.has grown and thickened wouderfiúly during the recosa, and, barring being a little light of .bono, is as good«, looking aa any animal-in:jtho lund. ; Moro unlikely, things have happened than that ...she :inay,.-stretch the necks .of somo .pf ..tho iheiii of .them iu,!,tho> Two 1 Thousand Guineas. Anothor Fronch bred filly,: Mariquita, by Beau Merle-Mandarino, : won the light weight - Soiling Plato, by a headband sho being a smart kind of young lady . Captain Machell purchased her - fc-V 880 guineas. ' Tho Visitors'- Plata wound up tho first day's proceedings/and Eagle's Plume, by Scottish 'Chiof-r'-Decoration/landed the stake for Mr. John Hammond. Mr. Craven's Campbell twas''second;- and Sir George Chetwynd's Kinfauns third. There 'v/óró 'twelve"runnersj and tho winner, startod'at«7 Tho company on' Wednesday"?' showed a decided falling off in point of - numbers bub tbo racing was very good indeed; though tho fields woro not hirge, and Bevèrat exciting finishes wero witnessed, Bub two horses wore saddled for tho Twenty-eighth ;< Sale S takes, : and Mr. J,? A. James's Astrachan; withodda of 2 to I on, beat tho Duko < of Westminster's Boil by a length; Priuco Solty hoff's Couuterfeib, by Mask, won,, the old- fiiBhioned column Produce Stakes from a* wretchöd lot of four. ; Tho Two years-old'Plato brought nino horses to.tho post, of whom Deserter, who ran well at Epsom, and was purchased back hy M. Sassoon, waa made favorite, but oven Tom Cannon's artistic handling failed to ranko him follow up bia pro viöüs week's success, - us, after ; a ' magnificent finish, . Jem, Goator lauded Tom Jonning's ; Bertha, by Skylark-rr Annabella, a winner by a nsck from tho filly by Palmer out of Lady Salisbury aud Bacholor. Tom Jennings, jun., appropriated tho First Woltor Handicap with; a .-son-.of ?Beauclero, named, Beaulieu, .who won. by ai head aftjcr another splendid tussle.. , Old* Amalfi secured tho1 Selling Plato, : beating amongs fc seven others Eosy Mom. aid Patriarch. Tho Babraham Plato Svaa tho next:eyout; for which eleven went to thc p ist¡', Once moro Hambletohidh waa mado the medium of a . plunge, and thia tuno tho good thing canio off, na Wood had only .tb sit still and bide bia . time to wiu in a can-' ter by threo-lengths. Greenwich, who . waa much fancied only beat Eastoru Emperor (a 20 to 1 ¿banco) by.a head for, second place. Among tho boaten lot wero Lucbrno,'who will soo a hotter day perhaps at Ascot, and Farewell, who won tho ono thousand guineas over tho sanio course Inst year". Sho rdu fairly wolf to.'th'o bushesi when, aho.died away to nothing. Itis.ovidentthat.Hamblotonian' with ordinary luok . would havo, won either : tho Big, Handicap at Loiceator or tho, Crawford Plate, in both of which races ho got badly ' away. '.','. Howovor, Iiis party .woro "woll: rewarded for tho provioua dis appointmoùtsi as they landed a large. stako in" hobs;, Wood threw another, main in a Soiling Plato, in which he cantered homo on Maxima, by tho Irish horse Alvarez.' Lord Hastings may thank Archer for his suecossin the hist race of tho day, willoh-waa won by Seaton, a very unworthy brother to ! the illustrious Melton, by Master Kildarer Violet Melrose,' whoso solitary, opponent was Lord.; Caw dor's Stackpoole. Tho latter had. previously figured in tho Welter won by Beaulieu,' nndin conaequeucohis jockoy triéd to wait iii front; These tactics suited Archer; who stole tba first run homo.'aiid won by a hoad. Thursday's pro« grammo was a very light ono, and .was;not productivo, of muoh excitement. Mr. J, ITduiinoud's Itipon won'. a -small -Soiling Plato, alter which Button Park gave another tasto of his quallby .by land- ing a post sweepotakes of > 100: BOVS from Mr. . Houlds worth'B Sunriso.. A dead heab followed in a selling plato between Wood, on Monarch of tho Glon, and Archer, on Gervas, antliuthorunoff tho former was successful. ? A son of tho orratio Potor, called Potulaucc, had little difll-, oulty in winning aplato of 200 aovs, and Mr. Euperb Car-' rlngton (your governor's brothor) had a turn iii tho second Wolter Handicap, by tho aid of Clarion, by Cymbal; For tho Craven Stakes, niuo '3-years-olds put in an an ap.' pe'arauoo, and Mr.BQuholm's Braw Lass, who BO nearly .' fluked" lust year's Middle Park Plato, whbn she diyidoa tho winner Minting arid Saraband, was mado favorite at 2 to 1. Sho was ridden by Archer, bub tho Tinman is dead ont of luck just now, and finished in the ruok. Tho winner was Groy Friars, whoso viotory enhances, tho form of Button Park, who beat him easily in tho Biennial on Tues- day, lt must bo remembered, however, that the second was conceding 101b ¡ but I consider Volta a tfood animal, very little behind Tho Devil to Pay. In tho lust raoo Ducat proved ouco moro how of toner than not a spoil of work at' tho "illugltimato" gamo improves a horso's form on tha fiat, for ho fairly galloped Angleaoy and Avoliue to a otaad« still iii the twonty-soventh. Biennial and brought grist ta tho Pheonix Cottage ralU,' :-, ??-:-.-'.. 