DARGO. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Monday. Dargo has been for the past week or so o'ercast with rain clouds, and every- one has been expecting a good down- fall, but as yet it has not come, although, whilst I am writing this, a slight shower is falling and everything is in favor of our getting some rain now, and not bcfore it is wanted either, goodness knows. Some of the oat crops are above ground, but the greater part have only just been put in. A difficulty has been experienced in getting even a fair quality of seed oats this season. Notwithstanding the rough comments of late on the grain growing capacity of our Dargo land, the best quality of oats I have seen in the district this year was grown on Mr W. Cook's farm at Dargo, and which readily command 1s per bushel more than any other oats brought here. Chaff is getting scarce here, and of necessity dearer, the price now asked being 4s per bag, or £8 per ton. Oats are 6s to 6s 6d per bushel, potatoes, 5s per cwt.; maize, 5s per bushel (very scarce now); peas are 6s to 7s per bushel, very few to be had. The hop question is not commanding quite so much attention as of old ; still, there are one or two here yet whose faith in it has not been destroyed. Hop-growing will begin before long, and then operations will again be rife in the hop field. Mr W. Cook, of this town, tells me that he intends going into a new industry, that of arrowroot culture, which, I should say, if the soil and climate are favourable to that plant, should, if properly attended to, prove a paying concern. Mr Cook has been trying a number of different varieties of tobacco on his farm in order to test which is more adapted to the soil, so there are a number of industries as yet tried here which might prove worthy of an experiment should any one care to try them. Reefing matters have not undergone any unusual change. The Birregun still goes down carrying good gold. Three more hands have been put on, and the winze is to be sunk a further depth of 50 feet. I am told that if it still continues good at that depth, the shaft will be sunk deeper and a tunnel put in, so we may have a second Long Tunnel there yet, and I earnestly hope that its energetic proprietor mat yet see the day when its yiells may reach a million pounds sterling, like the Long Tunnel, which event was so lately celebrated and which has won a name for it as being the first to yield a million in the colony. The fact of the directors of that mine giving such a liveral bonus to their employes is encouraging to the working man, and illustrates one of the few instances where it kindred feeling exists between master and man and lessens the gulf between labour and capital. Were some other companies to follow this example, their efforts might bear better fruit, for it is gene- rally those who "scatter seeds of kindness that reap the golden harvest " An amusing incident came under my notice a few days ago, which for humor and originality is hard to beat. There is a cus- tom among persons in the bush, and notably among miners who live some distance back from the road where the mail passes, of nail- ing a box or tin to a tree near the road wherein the mailman can place their letters and papers so as to save the time and tronble of being on the watch for him. Not far fromn a road in this locality where the mail passes lives a miner named Robert Henry, and who is the leading character in my narrative. Not being close enough to the road to see the mailman pass, he necessarily had to erect one of these primitive letter boxes, and thinking perhaps that the mail- man might not catch the idea of leaving his mail there he affixed the following, which, though perhaps not strictly in accordance with the rules of prosody, is certainly humor- ous, original, and to the point. The verse runs as follows :- " Will Her Majesty's mailman condescend O'er his horse's neck to bend, And open up this battered tin And place my paper there within; And if a letter he should find, With twopence postage be so kind As to mail it at the nearest post, And not till I give up the ghost Shall ever fade from mem'ry This kindness to Bob Henry." Whilst in Stratford a few days ago, I had the pleasure of meeting "your own" of Stratford, when we had a chat over every- thing in general, and by his courtesy myself and a friend were shown over all the sights in Stratford worth seeing. Not having an overplus of time on our hands, we were forced to depart in a hurry, but I am in hopes of meeting my friend, and sometimes press opponent, at some future time, when I shall have more leisure to talk over things. I had also the pleasure of an interview with Mr Bolden, the secretary of the Avon shire, and Cr. Crockett, who very kindly explained the workings of shire affairs, and I left Stratford regretting that time did not per- mit a longer stay; but at some no distant date I shall pay another visit to Stratford in hopes to meeting those genial gentlemen once more. I see that another £750 hass been voted for the Insolvent Track, conditionally on the shire spending £250 in addition. This sum, if expended, should not leave a great deal more to do, and I think it would be wise to have it finished, for what has been spent is as dead money until the remainder is done. I see also that the present year's bonus of £800 is also on the estimates, but no mention of that of last year. I wonder what's to become of that? Whilst speaking to the shire secretary a few days ago, I was in- formed that the shire engineer had instruc- tions to expend £100 in the north riding, and that work should have commenced some weeks ago under the supervision of Mr W. H. Morgan, of Grant; but I don't think Mr Morgan could have got his instructions relative to the work, or I should have heard something about it. There's one thing cer- tain, that if some of the culverts along the roads in this riding are not soon seen to there will be some accident, for there is hardly a culvert between Dargo and Bulgo- back safe to go over, even on horseback. An aged man named McKenzie, hailing from the Crooked River, was taken in cus- tody by Constable Moore under the Vagrant Act a few days ago here, and brought before the local J.P., who sentenced him to one month in the Sale gaol. I do not hear anything now about the survey of our Dargo railway line, but I pre- sume it still remains in the memory of our energetic M.sP. I see that "'Cerberus" once more takes hold of a columns in a late issue of the Times, and states that he concurs with " Wa-de- lock's" opinion on railway affairs. If my memory doesn't fail me, I don't think that such was the case when "Cerberus" first started inkslinging as he calls it; but still I may he mistaken and my memory may have gone back on me for once. 