PANTON HILL. The entertainment, including the " Ohost in the Haunted House," came off as advertised in the State school room, Pnton Hill, on the evening of Friday, Dhccmber 3rd, 1880. Thu pro * gramme provided was a varied one, for the most part well rendered and well received. The proceedings commelced by Mr. R. J. Harris introducing MIr. T. Martin, Toncher of thie Queenstown State School, ns chairman for the evening in place of Mr. E. It. Cameron, from whom anl apology had just been received, On Mr. Martin accepting the position and taking the chair, supported oni the right by Mr. Staff, the Corres pondent of the Board of Advice, and on hias lefc by Mr. Harris, the Tencher of the Panton Hill school, the real business of the evening began with asolo on the cornet by Mr. Doolan, followed by a song from Mr. C. C. udwell, after which Mliss ITanny Carter, one of the school children, recited the " Highland Chief tain," and was followed by Mr. E. N. Staff nand Mr. A. Camoron, each of whom contributed a song to the evening's entertninment. Then tile Chnirman (Mr, T. Martin) rend, in a spirited manner, "The Jackdaw of ]lhletus." ir' IH. Thomson, Miss C. Canlwhell, and Mr. Doolan then favored the company with a song, after which Mr. 11. J. Harris rend the result of the examination hold by Mr: In. spector Gamble on the 20th alt., and handed the )eplartment's certificanto of beuig educated up to the standard to iliss lhenrielta COnudiell, instotr William Coutie, and Master lEdwin Smith, as well as, at his own exeposle, some handsomely printed certificates of lolleor to themn and somne few otllhers of the pupils whlo hid fairly earned themo ; after which came the song of the evening, Mr. VW. Nicholl's song in character, "A Horrible Story.". DMr. Nicholl's get-ip was most effective, and the song was fully appreciated, after which, inl rapid successioni, came songs and recitations galoreo, the contributors ioeing-ANr 0. Candwell, song; Miss Ilentriotto Caudwell, recitation, "The Parsons and the Corkrscrws"; Mr. A. Caroeron, nud Mr. IT. Thomson, songs; laster Ernest Nicholls (a visitor fromn Ricllmond), recitation; Mr. Butler, snug (twice), Master Willinam Coutio (schoolboy), recitation ; Mr. Doolnn, snug ; hMr. Harris, recitation ; Miss Ilnty (the newly-appointed teacher at Kinglake), song ; and then a recitation froInt lr. Martin brought to a close n lengthy and wall-.pprecinted pro. gramme. After a few Iinutes' pre. pirntilon the piece do re.sislnce, " The Ghost, in tile Haunted IIouse," came •on the lloor. To be apprecinted, the piebe musat e seen, as it is impossible to describe the various situations in print. T'he picee was well sustained tlroughout by thle four characters engaged ill the per'formunace-A lBonrding-houseKleeper (Mr. R. J. Inarris); A Travelling Swg... itan of the Coloured Persunsion (Ar. W. Nicholls), who, as a matter of course, hlas the most to tdo, and on wliona the whole success of the farce depends ; A veritable Ghost, got up in a most ghostly style (Mr, 0. Onudwell); nutdl a Gentleman who has gone into i partnershlip with the Boss to get up n ill (Mr. II. Thomson). As said albve, tile farce munst be seen to be aprecintsl ; suflice it here to say that tile pIerforlmneio was a perfect success; anit thait Mr. Nicholls kept tlhe andience in a roar by his vagaries, which was, however, sometihnes stilled by the awful t mntdl phallntosmlike appearance of the ghost, who clnailed to be " his father's spirit," biut which he, howeverr, would I by no mients put up with. Vhion the fares was ended the room was quickly r cleared torldancing, which was spiritedly t carried on till daylight did appear. Re. freshments were supplied in varied abundlnce, and all went "merry as a marriage bell." _________________ v 