OUR LONDON LETTER, xaoit our own usmusiroxiimu; | " ' " LONDON". 29 m Jirtr As usual of late, we nrc in the midst uf a political crisis, which, like previous ones, will only cuiue to uu end with the re-ult oi prepar ing tbe way forn succession of others. Neither tlie Queeu's autograph letters nor Lord Salis bury s personally urged entreaties havo Induced the haughty aud sullen representative of Ilos- semlale to consent to a Cabinet union of Unionists and Tories. Lord Ilartingtoo will give Lord Salisbury an independent support, but not even tlio lnt tor's proffered abdication of tho premiership in favor of tho Whig Mar quis has had the effect of inducing Lord Harrington to couutenauco the idea of a Cou- lilinn Goveruuiout. Tho Whig louder is de- termined to tuko no action which would have tho effect uf finally cutting off his return to his old party. This is also tho feeling of Mr. Chamberlain, who, so long as the interests oi tho unity of tho Empire require it, will, like Lord Hartiugton, extend a general patronage to the purely Tory Administration, which is just now in tho throes of formation. It was hoped until tho last moment that Air. Goschen would have waived tho scruples which weigh with his fellow secessionists, and would have thrown in his lot with the party which he really out Tory's, and to whom his accession as Chan cellor of lie Exchequer and leader of tho House of Commons would have been a sourco of vustly increased strength uud stability. In tho ond, however, tho ex-member for Edinburgh decided to say ditto to Lard Harrington. His abstention can, however, be only regarded as temporary ; us it is understood that ho has do- cided to stand his next contest as an avowed Conservative, instead of, us heretofore, a milk and water Liberal. The distribution of oflices within tho Cabinet has been a source of considerable 'anxiety and disquictudo to the Premier. AU, however, seems now to have been settled amicably ; and, as far as appears on tho snrfaco, to the satisfaction of tlio gentlemen mainly interested in the several selections made. It was rumored at an early stage of the Cabinet mukiug negotiations that Lord Randolph Chnrchill would become tho nominal, as he has been so long the real leader of the Tory party in the House of Commons ; but amazement was capped wbou it was stated that with this high function lie would combine tbe responsibility for the public finances. Incredulity has now been put an cud to, and truth again proved to be stranger than fiction, by the definite an nouncement that the promotion referred to has undoubtedly been conferred upon the llightv representative of democratic Toryism. The next few days will see in f he seat of Pitt, Can ning, Russell, Pnlmerston, Gladstone, and Disraeli one who lias attained this proud eleva tion at an ago ouly paralleled iu the case of the first named of these great parliamentary giants. It is talked of as conclusive evidence of Lord Randolph's supreme capacity that he should thus pose when not yet forty ; bnt for my part tlie fact rather proves the littleness of his com peers than his own intrinsic greatness. There was some talk of Mr. W. .11. Smith taking the first position in the House of Com mons, bnt in tho end the nmn of books has again been selected to preside over the'man of war. Though not a brilliant, he is a thoroughly sound, safe aud sensible man, aud I cannot but think that bis nomination would have commanded greater confidence, uud have afforded greater securities for the stability of the Administration tliuu the choice actually made is at all likely to do. The great aim of Lord Salisbury being to carry the Unionists with liim, it is surely u mistake to givo the leadership in the Chamber where Lord Harring ton sits to a man whoso nature can beast so little of Iho conciliatory, uud who is anything but a persona grata to tho Uuiouist chief. Air. Smith, ou tho other bund, would huve iu no way offended the idiosuycrasies of tho Duke of Devonshire's heir apparent. From this point of view the appointment seems unfortunate ; but ilicti Lord Randolph is popular iu the country, aud Mr. Chamberlain aud tlio radical wing of tlie Unionists aro likely to lie pleased rather tlmu estranged by his promotion. Another difficulty with which Lord Salisbury had to contend was as to tlio disposal of Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, who, it will be remem bered, was leader iu the Commons "uud Chan cellor of the Exchequer in the Premier's last shortlived Government. Tlie fact that tlie Irish Secretaryship has through late occur rences bccoino practically the second post in tlie Administration of the couutry, afforded him u good outlet for superseding Sir Michael with out derogating irom tbe latter's political status. Sir Alichacl is, therefore, to go back to his old office as Chief Secretary, nud this position being incompatible with tlie parliamentary leadership, Lord Randolph steps iuto his shoes iu the IIouso of Commons on terms which, whilst they raise the prestige of the ono, do not depress that of the other. Lord London derry, the newly selected Viceroy, has yonth, wealth uud birth on his sido; but he brings with liim liateful remiuisceuces of hi.; grand uncle, "cut throat Castlercagh," nud this at a time when it is desired that bv- gones should bo of all tilings bygones, uud when it is essential before everything that the iron baud which may have to deal coercion shoald be velvet gloved. Tlie ex-Cabinet had a meeting yesterday, when it was determined to at least deliver a protest agaiust uic ueciarauuu oi tlie irisu policy of the new Afiuistry being doferred till next year. Tlie protest will, however, full Hut, and we shall, therefore, have to wait till the spring to leaiu what are the details of tlio suhemo of local autonomy which it is understood Lord Salisbury will endeavor to gain the assout of 'Parliament to extending to all thrco kingdoms, aud perhaps to Wales as well. Lord Salisbury got a magnificent greeting at the Carltou Club on Tuesday, both from the vast crowd gathered outside aud from tlie mem bers of both Houses assembled in the interior to hear his explanation of tlie circumstances attend ing the formation of tlie uew Cabiuet and tlie measures of necessary legislation in immediate prospect. As lie passed up the crowded staircase ull hats were raised and tho enthusiasm most have reminded liim of the time when, in company with Lord Beaconstield, he returned from Berlin, hearing " peace with houor," and was received with an ovation from tho parlia mentary members of bis party, not often ac corded even to a politician twice iu a lifetime. One of tho striking features of tlio meeting was the strong support volunteered by Lord Car narvon both to his home tuid domestic policy, that genial anu gentle ex- Viceroy having been credited witli Home Rule leanings ot a pro nounced type. As the Carlton gathering is likely to assume considerable historic impor tance, the followiug synopsis of the Premier's statement, supplied by one ol the press agen cies, may be perused with interest. Lord Salis bury congratulated tho party on tlie success wbich lmd attended their efforts at the re cent eicctious, nud especially on their honorable observance of tho compact with tlie Liberal Uaiouists. In the ex isting conditions of political controversy the Conservatives aud the Liberal 'Unionists wcro lighting the same battle, and he was glad to find that wheu uccessary Conserva tives were willing to sacrifice their personal in terests rather tliun give cause for irritatiou to their allies. It was his desire that this condi tion of things sliould continue to exist, and w ith this view he bad lmd an interv iew with Lord Hartingtou, and had mado efforts to units the Conservative party aud the Liberal Uuionists. It would he a breach of confidence ou his part to state what Lord Harrington lmd said to him, but he was at perfect liberty to tell them what he had said to Lord Harrington. He had given the Liberal Unionist leader an urgent iuvitntion either to take the responsi bility of forming a Ministry himself, which would have tl.v snppett til (Kg (ItMMrratWe pari j, or to co-opeiato witli liim (Imrd Balls- bury) In the formation of k Cabinet, Bui with ewy desire to suliordluate patty Interest to the maintenance of tlie unity at the Empire, Lord Ilaltiugton, for patriotic reasons, was dis inclined In dissociate lilimelf froin thoao with whom ho had been so long and honorably Con nected. Ila tlmrcforo deciiucd tho invitation which had beau mode In a spirit of good faith, ami rcfusod in comptcto consistency with his previous avowals. Lord Harrington was per fectly pronounced on this point, hut ho pro mised that tho policy of the Government upon Irish affuirs should meet with his cordial support, so far as front his point of. view it tended in the direction of tho unity of tho three kingdoms. Lord Salisbury then iuvitod the attention of tlie meeriug to the work to which Parliament would have to de- vote itselt ou its assembling. There were two courses open to them. In the first place the nonse of Commons might be called together for tho purpose of swearing iu members, and, that busiiicss haviug been disposed of and tlio writs for the re-election of Aliuistcrs having been is sued, tiie House might adjourn forthwith for an autumn session. The vote on account granted by the last Porliament was for a sufficiently long period to meet such a contingency. On tho other haud, the Ilonse of Commons might, after its reconstitution, immediately pro ceed to the consideration of supply, which was loft iu nbcyaucc when Parliament was dissolved. IIo suggested that it might bo wise and prudent to proceed with the outstand ing business immediately after tlio opening of the session in August, and that might be dono nfter the re- elections, or concurrently with tlicni. lie referred in general terms to tho question of Ireland, which would receive at tho hands of tho Government a most careful attention, and expressed a hope that it might not bo neces sary to call Parliament together again until the early part of next year, when the Government would bo iu a position to state their views on that important subject. a saw air. nobert Kent, vico-prcsidcnt of tho Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, at the office of his firm on Saturday lost, and was glad to find he recognised the fact that it was folly to ask your working classes to pay the faros of artisan rivals out to Victoria by means of any system of coloniolly assisted emigration. Enthusiast as he is in favor of migration within tbo limits of tbo British Em pire, ho has pretty well left his owu colony out of the rcckoniug iu the stirring speeches which ho lias lmd many opportunities of making dur ing his stay. While, therefore, he has preached the cause energetically, he lias mainly applied tiie text to Western Australia, which is really crying out for an increased and nn honest population. As Mr. Eeid has largo interests in vonr only remaining Crown colony ho has managed to square his own and tho public benetit remarkably well. Mr. Reid cau boost of a vory effective, if rather rugged, method of expressing liis ideas, nnd in hammering iuto the heads of the working classes here tlie desirability of their bettering tlicir condition by emigrating to tlie pearl colony, lie always makes a pomt of tbo fact that the latter, being under direct British control, they will still continue to be under the same Govcrunicnr, although under a different sky. Whether in view of East end slums, Sc., tliey are likely to look ou this as an uumixed blessing is uuother matter; but the poiut is a very effective oue at uu English public meet ing, especially where tlie audience is well warmed up with wiue or excitement. When tlicy get out, Mr. Raid's emigrants will, like most of their product ssors, itch to get uwuy from uuder Dowuiug-stroet rule into the freer air of your self-governing communities. Or, more probably perhaps, their dosire in that direction will give such uu impetus to the local movement in favor of local autonomy that not even tlio ghost of Sir Luke Leuka will be able to much louger block the way to iis inaugura tion. Air. llcid made a lengthy tour of the United States and Canada, whilst en route hither from Australia, and was shown an ex traordinary degree of attention by manufac turers aud others desirous of makiug their pro ducts better known iu your southern markets. 