UNDER' APPLE-BLOSSOMS. " For ever '" An expression of awe stole into Netta l revanion's violet eyes as she raised them to the bronzed face bending so earnestly over her own. ."Yes, for ever," repeated Oscar Vere, holding her trembling hands in his close grasp. " For ever, or not at all." "But-but-- don't be angry," blushing to the curls on her forehead. "You might change-men do, you know; and what would become of me T' " Child, this apple-tree will turn into a plum, before my heart ever change to you. Dearest, you must believe me "' And after one look into the honest brown eyes, her small face sank on her shoulder, and the last lingering doubt opened its wings and flew away. , Softly, one by one, the petals of the apple-ir blossom dropped on the girl's. yellow hair; swiftly a brown thrush, on the bough of a wild-rose,, sang its song of joy to two happy hearts, lost in a dream of bliss. The song peased, the sun sank, gray shadows crept slowly over the trees in the orchard; but the lovers missed ineither sunshine nor song, and were blind to the clouds slowly gather ing over their future. There were tears in Netta's eyes, but smiles on her pretty lips, as she went' swiftly over the dewy grass into the old ivy-covered porch of the Grange. " What has happened "' said a cool harsh voice, and a hanid was laid on her shoulder. " Oh, I am so happy !" And forgetting everything but her own wonderful piece of news, she flung her arm round her cousin's neck. "'Etta darling, he loves me I' Etta's thin face colouredilike a sunset, and her lips drew close together ? but Netta took it for granted that she must be glad, and did not wait for any congratulations. Osc-ar Vere, on the contrary, was intensely surprised at his father's consenting to the match without any remonstrances, for the girl he had chosen might say that her sweet little face was her fortune, for she certainly had no other. Sir Edward, however, patted him on the arm in the kindest manner, and sent him back to his regiment with his bless ing, promising to arrange everything, and look after his bride in his absence. Netta's letters were at first like constant gleams of sunshine in Captain Vere's daily life, but after a while they became few and far between, and at last ceased entirely. 1 He was vexed, but he told himself that there could he no cause for anxiety, as his ' father assured him that his bride was look- 1 ing the picture of health, and happiness had made her blossom into beauty. As if Venus herself could have been lovelier than his own golden-haired Netta ! As many of the officers were absent on leave, Captain Vere was kept at his post, fretting with impatience, like a chained dog. 1 It was not till the day before the wedding. that he was able to get away, and then, just as he was starting for The Grange, Sir Edward laughingly interfered, trlli,,g him that Mr Trevanion had expressly stipulated that the bride should he left to hi-r o. n re lations, oin the last day of her spinsterhood. " "Confound it, that's too had," he cried impatiently. "Netta will be looking for ma, I know she will." Sir Edward was slightly deaf, and did not catch the words; but he palled out some papers, and covered the tables with legal doc uments, which his son had to sign, kept him well occupied the rest of the evening. " It was kind of-Mrs Treva:,ion to, have the breakfast at the Grange," said Oscar, as he paused to light his cigar. "I don't see very well how she could help it," and Sir Edward raised his eyebrows in surprise, "but put all that out of your head for a moment if you can, or else you will be signing some of these things in the wrong place." "Beverly doesn't arrive till to-morrow." "Beverly be hanged ! Put your name here, and for Heaven's sake don't make a mistake." Oscar obeyed, writing his signature me chanically wherever he was told to put it; his thoughts straying to the morrow, when Netta's hand would lie in his, and her loving little heart he his own for ever. Only a few hours now without her, thank Heaven ! A cloudless morning, when Nature seemed i to have put on her harvest garments to greet the wedding guests, as they streamed thraugh the churchyard of Alverley, with the rustle of silks and satins, and the mur mur of suppressed excitement. The bridegroom was already at his post before the altar-rail, with Major Beverly, his best man close beside him, whispering ill tined chaffy remarks into tile ears that were deaf to everything but the tread of a soft ,foot on the tesselated pavement .Her face closely vciledx in BIrussel's lace, long satin robes trailing far behind her, the bride came slowly up the aisle, leaning on -her uncle's arm. She took her place beside Oscar Veore, e v~idoeitly trembling with emotion, whilst he "-looked down on the bent head, a mist before ,hi s eyes, a wild throbbing in h s heart,.as he thought that his prize was won. Ho went through. the service as. in a dream only- startled into sudden consciousness when thet~lergyman said the words for him to re peat: ' I, Oscar, take thee, Henrietta" For the full nine seemed so stra.ige to him- never_ :having thought of her as anything but Netta his o~n little Netta. The bride's responses were said solow fthat no one but the clergyman could hear them, and her hand shook so violently that the ring fell on the floor, before Oscar could put it on her finger. But at last it was over, and with a long drawn sigh he rose from his knees to take his first kiss, knowing nothing could part thern now, With reverent fingers he raised the lace v..il, and stopp'-d, an eager light in his eyes. The next moment he stepped back as if he had seen a ghost. "Miss Trevanion !" Sir Edward's hand was on his arm. "My dear boy, are you mad ?" " Yes," he cried wildly, looking round with bewildered eyes. There's some mistake -some horrible mistake :' " Hush, for Heaven's sake ! Come into the vestry," said Colonel Trevanion hurriedly, as consternation spread from face to face, and the bride looked as if she would sink through the floor, "But my wife 1" gasped the bridegroom striking his forehead with his hand. Where is she ? I-I--can't see her." "Don't be a fool " said Sir Edward sternly, though his heart was sinking with fear. -' You must be mad." Captain Vere drew himself up to his full height, his face deadly pale, his lips quivering. " Netta Trevanion is my wife! If this is a joke I fail to see it." Oh, what is the meaning of it, cried the mother, wringing her hands. My poor child shan't stay here to be insulted. Come away. Come away. She tried to lead the bride into the vestry, and Colonel Trevanion grasped the bride groom's arm. If there is a mistake, Heaven help you, but Henrietta is your wife, and no one else. Oscar looked from one to the other with distracted eyes ; then, as he realised that he had been caught in a trap, out of which there was no way but death, that Netta was lost to him by his own act, for ever, something seemed to give way in heart or brain, and he fell with a heavy thud across the flowers and the laces of the bride's train. They lifted him up, and carried him in'o the vestry, whilst the guests slipped away in' dismay and confusion. The bride was taken home by her mother, the bridegroom by his father, and the clergyman was left to ponder over the unsigned marriage register. It must be signed, he said, with a shake of his head ; but when he went up to the Hall the next day to see about it, he was told that Captain Vere had left the evening before, and nobody knew his present address. And where had Oscar gone Prone on her face, in the long rush-grass lay Netta Trevanion, hidden away in the corner of a field, which belonged to Lady Morton, an old friend of her poor dead mother. Henrietta, with many lies, and one unproved forgery, had made her believe that her faithless lover had deserted her for the ! sake of her rich cousin, and unable to bear the sight of the preparations for the wedding she had fled to Devonshire where she had been welcomed with true affection. As the weeks crawled by her spirit sank lower and lower, but when the marriage day came she had a valiant struggle with her : depression, and laughed and talked so? brightly that Lady Morton fondly hoped that. the wound was cured. She invited an eligible young man to stay with her, and smiled with ; pleasure when she saw him fall head over ears in love with her young protgyee. But when Lord Carew ventured him to hint at a proposal : Netta broke away from him like a I frightened deer, and, running as fast as she could through a little wood, threw herself on the grass in an out-of-the-way nook, and 1 sobbed as if her heart would break. The mere thought of love brought back her pain a in all its bitterness, and young as she was she prayed to Heaven to take her. "Netta !" That voice which she had never heard since they parted under the apple- blossom, was it a dream. She started to her feet, and looked round with frightened eyes. The next moment she was clasped in a pair of strong arms and pressed to a panting chest. One long 1 passionate kiss, and then she broke away from him, her breast heaving, her eyes flash ing. "Go," she said, pointing to the path through the wood, you have no right here. "No rilght r' said Oscar hoarsely, have you forgotten that day in the orchard. Her lips trembled, her breath came fast, " You swore you would never change, and only three weeks later - " I never did, so help me, Heaven! it is all a base deception, darling; they've tried to part us, but they can't, He held out his hand in eager entreaty, but she drew back, though her throbbing heart bounded wlth joy. And you never married, a new light in his eyes. His lashes fell, his face clouded. "Yes,' I married" then he added with a harsh laugh, bat we parted at. the alter-rail, and 11 never look on her face again; - And yet you come tome, slowly, as if she did not understand. Of coui-se I come to you ; that: marriage was a mockery, a wrong bride makes empty vows. She drew back under the shade of an apple-tree, whose branches were drooping with the weight of its golden fruit, her face as pale as death, and her heait as cold as ice. " Good-bye," she said very gently, we must never meet again. . . "Netta, stay !" but she did not answer, as she slowly made her way through the long grass. The victory was won, but not without a struggle, and her knees were shaking so that as soon as she was out of sight, she was glad to sink down on the stump of a tree, her white face buried in her hands. There was a step on the grass, a servant had followed him from the house; hand ing to him a telegram, he withdrew without a word. Wondering that an, one had found out his addr?se- hetore it open. . "From Sir Edward Vere.to Oscar Vere, The Firs, Chudleigh, Devon: Your wife is dead-an overdose of chl.a?ls-you had better comue home." . .... . He stood like one dazed. Had the un hiippy woman killed herself in disappoint .ment'at his desertio?'~ Heaven forbid it ! A few minutes later he stood before Netta Trevasion, his faoe pale and very grave. SI anm free,:' he said hoarsely. "There is nothing between us now." She looked up in. his face with startled eyes "Yes;-darling, soon I-sharl cme-back to claim you for my own-my very own." .He stooped and kissed her hair, then went away, while she sat still and tremble half ashamed of the joy with which her (hearb was almost bursting. Another's stoler bliss had made her misery, and now from the Olouds of another's sorrow, broke the sunshine of her joy. 