THE MORGUE. TO THE EDITOR. sir — I do not Know whether your trenonanc sub-leader respecting the Morgue has had its dne effect or not, but if no Bteps have been taken for its removal I trust that you will keep 'pegging away' at the Bubjeot tui tne authorities are compelled to act. I have j net heard from a friend of the inmates that on the recent hot days the stench from the dead bodies in the Morgue was moat abominable, and pervaded the rooms of the Lying-in Home, where young mothers and their infant children are compelled to remain, and which must be moBt injurious to the young women in their susceptible state and to their delicate children. I believe the Destitute Board has often urged the removal of the Morgue, and you have called attention to the fact that the Destitute Act Commission spoke very strongly on the subjeot. All these representations have, however, been un heeded up to the preaent time. A good many railway accidents occur through colour blindnesB, and some persons are deficient in the Bense of smell, I wonder is this the case with the worthy doctor who has charge of this institution; at all events I think it would be well if enquiries were aet on foot. I am a man of peace, but if, or when, deaths are caused by this nuisance I am quite willing to eubscribe towards a fund for prosecuting the Chief Secretary (in whose department I believe it Ues) for manslauphter, as I consider that it is a disgrace to ub as a colony and a cruel shame that such a state of things Bhould be allowed to continue. I am, Sir, &c;, HUMANITAS. A Pretty Story.— A very touch story, which in vouched for, after a fashion, is going the rounds and given ior what ib is worth. It ib Mated that a Mr. S. M. was sitting in bis backyard talking to nomo friends, when his attention was called to a hen with a brood of young chickens and a large rat that had emerged from Us hole, and was quiety regarding the young chickens with the prospect of a inoal in view. Ab the rat came from its hole the houae cat awoke from her afternoon nap and canght sight of the rat. Crouching low, the waited developments, and stood prepaieu to spring upon hiB ratBuip. At the appearance of bis ancient enemy, tbe cat, a Scotch terrier, which bad been sunning itself in the woodshed, pricked up its ears and quietly made for the place where the eat stood. At this moment a boy came upon tbe sc^ne. The cbickens were not cognizant of being watched by the rat, nor did the rat see the cat, nor the feline the dog, who bad not noticed tbe coining of the boy. A little chick wan dered too nigb and he vaa seized by tho rat, which was in torn pounced upon by the cat, and the cat waB caught in the mouth by the dog. The rat would not cease bis hold on tbe chicken, and tho cat, in spite of tbe shaking she was getting from the doc. did not let go tbe rat. It was fun for tbe boy, and in high glee he watched tbe context im\ the fltrugple of each of the victims. It seemed to him that tbe rat was about to escape after a time, and getting a stone he hurled it at the rodent Tbe aim was not good, and the stone struck the dog right between the eyes. The terrier released its grip on the cat and fell over dead. It had breathed Its last before the cat in turn let go the rat, and turned over and died. Tbe rat did not long survive the enemy, and beside the already dead chicken he laid himself down and gave up the ghost. The owner of the dog was so angry at his death that he is said to have come near making the story complete by killing tho boy that killed the dog that shook tbe cat that caught the rat that bit the chicken in tbe yard on ? street.— San Francisco Pott. A paity of gentlemen once were discussing Presi dent Van Buren's idiosyncrasies, and a wuger waa laid that he could not be Induced to give a direct answer to any question, and it was agreed that be should be told tbe purpose and condition of the bet. One of the party, an acquaintance of Mr. Van Bnren, was deputed to make the test. When be found him, 'Mr. Van Buren,' said he, ?? some gentlemen hare been accusing you of noncoinmit talism, and have wagered that you will not give a plain answer to a plain question. Now, let me ask you, where does tbe sun rise?' The presidential brow contracted. There was a moment's hesitation. Then— 'The terms east and west, Mr. Smith, are conventional; but I ? .' 'That'll do, Mr. Presi dent, we've lost tbe bet' 