LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. Owing to a break-down in our machine-room, last night,thias morning's issue appeara rather later than usual. " Pariahoners of St. Paul's moot at thn school-room, this evening, at 8 o'clock, to furthhr disonos the glebe lands" question. On Sunday and yesterday indications of a thunder?? storm were apparent hote, but, beyond a mere sprinkling, no rain fell. A good dowipour is much needed now, for grass and crops arn looking bad. The maize greW'very fast after the last rains, hut it now seems all, the less able to n-ithetani? the dry weather. A very large area isander crop, anl most of it is at the stage when rain is needed to cusure cobbing, so that we might nay that rain or dry weather, ju?pow means a difference one way or the other' of lundice?e of thousands of bushelsnof grain. .'Webh's uayal ifarieaetes oceded, in the School pf Arte in this town, on Saturday evening liast, after 'an absence of several years. Thine alhdince was a fIairly;good, one for the creeing, an' those present seemed to derive much amusementlfrom theenter tlanment. It is indeed wonderful to see lifeless figures go through so life- like a performanoec, or rather a variety of performances. There isa pliancy of limb, ease of movement, and appropriateness of gesture about the *"dolls" that makes it difieult for on-lookers to retlise that animation it wanting. The " female Blondin." the stilt clown (with his bottle), the darkish. jiggler. and the animated skeleton were shown in Part I. Next came the " Wonderful Miniature M instrel Party," of five per foneere wi?o -entertainment, with the did -of h-ltrloeaism, bffournse, rivalledl that of the aiciagen " real live" minstrel troupe. Part Ill. consisted of the.fairy pantomime of "The Beauty and the Beset,". had terminated withsa bst beautiful transfornmation. scene, with lime-light effecte. Last night there *.so .gaia a 'ery fair Isonses 'This aftorioon there will l a pecrfprmance for schools and families, asd for tbnlght a'chaigd of prdgranime is advertised. Al rsaical ptefttainmect'will be given in theTem per?nuee Hall, this evening, by Goed Temeplars and friends. : NoBsnirge irsmadelfor admission, and all S in" 'M'ill's weil-known chaent mare Soasise diiad, on Sfpturday lest, at Blaeklands, neear the'old ews-caurse', frosi i,?flammntion of the bowels. 'Thi fi aghntero.tBlad*sbAt'g achieved various so?. cenases on the.t nfprior to 1880. Amongst her wins _.wae the Briskae d 'sin si87 and the North Aus tralian Jockey Club Grand Hlondicap (Iieswich)in the esme year. She left the track in 1880, in which \--arsbs ran as an aged mare. When her.fsimb.wa?s at is height, Mr. M 'Gill wasoffered, butrefused, a big sam for her, though, as events have turned out, heawouhl probibly have been in pocket cosiderably had he sold her then. At the stud she has not been a sucncess, having reared only one foal-S?lver Queen, by Epgram, now a two-year old. Last season ehle is'ait tto Darebin, but did not prove to be in foal. iý oan Butler was called in to attend the sick animal, but was unable to bring her round. The mare's stomach, we understand, was removed, and jent Brisbane for anaysis., Th broaching of cargo on board mail-steamers and easiling-vessels is a common occurrence, and some itilea-the annoyance and loss caused are very con siderable. The latest instance of the prevalence of this practic' was brought under our notice yesterday. It appears that, by the last mail-steamer from Lon. don, Messars-,J:lP'Oill and'Co°ironnmongers, of this $gwn, had consigned to them a case containing a conaildercle j quantity.of plated ware, including, also, the ten-guinea silver cup which the firm have offered as a special prize for the best exhibitof maize t_ n rext show of the Q ensland Pastoral and , turall 86e i the case was landed at Brisbane, the fsi-'e agents s eapected, from its light' ness, that it did not contain the quantity of goods represented in the invoice, and that it had, conse quently, been tampered with. They, thoreiore, re fused to take delivery of it, pending further inquiries. On examining the case, it was found that it had been most carefally opened, and rifled of the whole of its contentsa- including the silver cop mnentioned-the lid and iron hooping being replaced by the thieves with shuch precision as to prevent the slightest sus piciona, from its appearance, that the case had been interfered with. Of course, Messers. MHGill and Co. feel greatly annoyed at the circumstance, especially as the package contained the handsome prize which they hacb offered for public competition. Howeier, o0 learning what bad taken place, the firm at once -wrote amoe fs6r another cup similar to the one abstracted from the case alluded to, and they anti cipate?that it will reach Ipswich a week or two after the date of thf next oexhibition, so that the fortunate winner of the trophy-whoever he may be-will not ihave tqorwait long for it, Aepecial meeting of the Brassall Divisional Board askhe~d,.onSaturdayafternoomdast, feeor the purpose \- of;onsiderjsagtendern for work on the rood isi mediately beyond the One-mile Bridge. There were pretent : Mtessre. J. C. N. Wileon (Chairman), t. Talson, W.. North, R. North, J. Spresser, N. Daly, VW: F. Larter, and M. Fahey. Tenders were called for repaira to the road between the One-mile and Thrce-mile Creek Bridges, in four sections. The meeting decided on having section ] only done now 'a lngtlh of hitsteen chains, commencing at the One- mile lridge, arid accepted Edward Kelly's tender at £3 18s. per chain. The work on the other sections was left in abeyance for the present. The repairs to be effected consist of digging out large projecting stones, breaking them, replacing the netal, and blindinig the road-way with Gin. of gravel in the centre, running out to 3ie. at the sides. At the Police Court, on Saturday last, before the Police lMagistrate, a booth license, or permit to sell liqporc atnoext St. Patrick's Day oports gathering at Sandy Geallop, was granted to John M'Grath. Yea. tordny, one inebriate cofcafsed hie lapse from the paths of sobriety. and having already been afforded tine dppottunity off'orniinating ~i secret for quite a sunmberof hours, he was discharged grati. " Mlost Divisional Boardsa, shires, and municipalities hate by-laws dealing with the noxious weed nui sance; yet these seemnt seldom to be enforced, not withstanding the notices and cautions frequently published. Burr grows plentifully throughout West Moreton, and, where one land-holder destroys it, as required, a dozen or a score neglect it. We have seen where a farmer on one side of a road had uent awaylhe tlhick.growth of btrr..to the middle line, but it was left to flourish on the rest of the road and on an unenclosed farm adjoining. The Noogoore burr grows luxuriantly along the creeks and wates courses just now. The t'urga and Warrill Cretek with the Brisbaneand Bromner Rivers, and enumer. out small water-courses, have it in abundance, and prosely -mnbcecked. _If there is anything in the enacetments for the destruction of such weeds, the West bloreton Boarids eihould eove-in the matter, and insist on the tegutations beiig carried out. As a proof of how rapidly buildings in the maein street oL this town are cengged, we may mention -hat Mr. P. O'dlllivate has already let a portion of his new premises in. Brisbaue.street to Mr. E. Ilostock as offices and auctiou-room ; while Mr. C. F. Chubb has also seecured eflices, the apartments secured by both- gentlemen being on the lower Iloor. TIc parents of pupils attending the Central Ipswich State School are invited to meoot at the echool. this revening at8 o'clock, to elect a member of cofimittep if the place of Mir. A. W. Darrall, who has resigned. The attention of farmers, gradziers, and other residents of the Ipswich Reserme and surrounding distritet is directed to the Important Auction Sale, Iy I. liAuglene, Jun., of the whole of the Cattle, llor ,s Pige, Furniture, Farming Implements, &e.;, &c.;, as well as a splendid eighty-acre Paddock, at Mir R. D. Edwards's Sunuynide Farm, Harrisville. The Sale will take -place on Thuresday next, the 25th Instant, and will begin, t 11 o'clock a m. >IDVLJ. 805 An extraordinary to Saturday's Government Gaztle notifies that Parliament has been further prorogued until Tuesday, the 6th of April next. It will, doubtless, greatly interest our readers to know that the Rev. J. and Mrs. Mountain began a tea days' "mission," on Saturday last, at Warwick. Mr. J. D. Macanosh, of Canning Downs, has a crop of eighty acres of maize at Emo Creek. Some of the stalke are 13ft. 9in. in height, with well-filled large cobs. The crop is expected to yield from 5000 to C090 bushele of grain. Another instance of the benefits resulting from connection with a friendly society has just come under our notice. The late Mr. E. C. Thomas joined the Loyal Rose of Queensland Lodge, M.U.I.O.O.F., about eighteen months ago. and, on Saturday last, one of its officers paid to his widow the sum of £47. Of this amount, £20 was the funeral donation, £15 came from the Widow and Orphan's Fund, and £3 was paid for each child. A special meeting of shareholders of the Ipswich Coal and Coke Company is called for the evening of Friday, the 26th instant, at the Transcontinental HIotel, Brisbane. Mails for despatch to the old country by the Mer arac close at the Ipswich Pot-Of.ice, on Thursday next, at hours as advertised. .James Walker, who tried to "yield the ghost" at Maryboreugh, about a fortnight ago, has been committed to take his trial at the next sittings of the District Court, on the 16th of April. In consequence of Mr. T. B. Robinson relinquish ing the joint management of the BritivshiIndia and Queensland Agency Carmpany, Limitd, in Brisbane, Mr. James Munro, for ten years the head of the steamers department in Messrs. Gray, Dawes, and Co.'e London office, has been appointed to co-operate With Mr. Elliot Bland in conducting the operations of the British-Indiasteamers. Mr. Munro, through. out the long period of service in London, displayed muehl ability in the management of steamers, es. peeially devotling his time and energyto the develop ment, of the Queensland trade. His appointment to Briobane is a asubatantial proof of the confidence his employers repose in him, and a further evi,!rnce on the part of ,the British-India Company to maintain an efficientrmanagement in Brisbane, where they are concentrating their effllorts to improve the connection with their trunk lines. As a mark of their deep regard, Mr. Munro's fellow-associates invited him to a farewell dinner, at Cannon-street Hotel, where hie was presented with a silver tenaand coffee service, accompanied by ai illuminated testimonial. Mr. Munro, who sailed in the Daceca. on the 12th of January, will reside in Brisbane, where his straight Lorward and genial manner will doubtless he ap. preciated by all with whom he will come in contact. The total out-put of gold from the Sandhurst gold .field eince the opening of Bendigo, in 1851. is esaid to amount to 14,408,630oz., valued at £57,600,656. The B.I.S.N. Omrnpnny'e R.M.BS. Waroonga, from London, arrived at Aden, on Friday, outward bound for Queensland. The B.I.S.N. Company's R.M.S. Daeca departed froin Batavia, on Saturday, for Queensland. A fresh constable stationed at Eton, near Mackay, was recently bitten.on the shin by a snake. The usual remedies pulled him through, but (adds a local paper), being a teetotaller, he suffered more from the remedies than he did from the enakebite. Our contemporary should not have made this admission, for it thereby depreciates the quality of its own medicine. Cat?rpillsars are attacking the crops in the neigh. bourhooeed of Mackay in a most impartial manner grass, cane, and corn alike being gratefully sampled by the visitors. The Chinese living in the vicinity of Mackay are becoming a terrible incubus, as they nsucceed in entic ing white lemales into their loathsomre habitations. Many of our (Toowroonrmba Chreaicle) readers will observe that two new shops are in course of erection in Ruthven-street, adjoining Mr. ?Groeen's fruit-shop. One of these shops is intended for the Ipawich Woollen Company, and, as soon as it is completed, it is the intention of the company to open a retail establishment in this town ; and we are quite eatin. lied that when they do so they wsill have no reson-n to complain of public support. It would appear that large qeantities of cheap inferior English tweeds are being sold in many towns in this colony as the pro. duces of the Ipswich Woollen Factory, and in this nay the reputation of the colonial tweed has been seriously impaired. The company are determined, if possible, to reme ly this state of affairs, by opening retail establishrmente, in all the large towns of the colony, for the sale of their manufactured tweeds. It is currently reported in Maryborough that a plen'did discovery of gold country has been made in the district, but of course the exact locality is not proclaimed on the housee.tops. A person in the secret, capable of judging, says that the neighbour hood in question is equal in appearance to that of Mount Morgan. The Launceston E:raminer rolates the following extraordinary story :-A curious confirmation of the old adage that "truth is stranger than fiction" has come to our knowledge within the last few days. It would appear that, as far back as the year 1847, two sea-faring men, nameds Drewitt andl Dolan, pur chased property from the Crown at Table Cape. Theose men were in the habit of voyaging to Victorion and Now South Wales in their craft. Suddenly they were missed, and, not being heard of for alength of time, the properties owned by them became oc cupied by various parties. Amongst othere, Mr. John A. White was iu occupation of a portion of the property for a great many years, and had erected a building on it, while a Mrs. Alexander was in possessnion of a portion of the same property for many years. In August last aCourt of Escheat was held in Hobart, when the properties named were dealt with as in respect to those of persons deceased intestate. At the a'tting of the Court, after the evidence of Mr. White and Mrs. Alexander had been taken, a surprise occurred, inasmuch as Mr. George Horne, the manager of the National Bank of Australia, turned up and stated that the bank had a lien upon the property, and had had so for many years when known as the Bank of Tasmania. The jury, after hearing the evidence, escheated the property to the Crown. Within the past few days, one of the former owners, John Dolan, who was supposed to have been deceased, has turned up in Tasmania, and placed.his business in the hands of a solicitor, with the view of setting aside the decision of the Escheat Court. It appears that Dolan knew that the Bank of Tasmania hadob tained judgmentagainst him, and concludedthat they had sold the property under an execution. The bank did sell one small property, but it realised so little that it did not pay their expenses, and they deter mined to let the remainderalone. In themeantima, the property has become a valuable one. Dolanb, who has been residing in Adelaide for many years, hap pened to see, in the Launcefston Exaeminer, a report of the Court of Escheat, and, thereupon, determined to make kimself known. There will be no difficoulty in establishing his identity, as several residents of the noerth-west coast have seen and recognieacd him as the real Simon Pure. Says "Irin," in the Alelbournc Lesler: -Last week I I told you of some of the rules laid down by the Chinese in matters of etiquette. Well, I hope you won't think I am smitten with the charms of some fascinating "John," if I again tell you something sabout the "'Celestials." Mr. Wong Chiiu Foo, the American journalist, was writing, lately, on the subject of intermarriageof Caucasians audCelatials, end among other things told of a well known caterer who wanted a wife. The Chinese are, hlie says, as a r eice, affectionate and domestic, making good hus. hb nds and fathers. They are rather funny in their w.iy of expressing things. This caterer, who rejoiced in the euphonious name of Fang Lan, put up the lilowing notice on a bulletin-.board in Mott-steeet: -" I am thirty five years old, have $4200 saved up, anld have a good business ; am good-natured, healthy, nli popular; very lonely, and want a first-class American wife. Any such malrying me can have the $4200 dollars to pat in bank in her own nsnme, anl can do 'ales ssmee Melican wife,' only must be h' me after 7 o'clock in the evening. I spetak very lihtle English, and so publish this notice. Anyone piocuring such a wife will receive my thanks and a large brokerage." IHolloway's Ointment aedu Pills.-Sure Relief.-The aeak and ncuervated suffer severely from nervous shll'etions when storms or electric disturbancese agi tate the atmosphere. Neuralgia, gouty pangs, and fljying pains-very distreesing to a delicate system may be readily removed hy rubbing this Ointment upon the affected part, after it has been fomented with warms waler. The Pills, taken occasevionally, in the doses prescrihbed by the instructions, keep the digestion in order, excite a free lfnw of healthy bile, andl regenerate the impoverished blood with richer materials resulting from thoroughly assimilated food-wanting which, tihe strongest must inevitably soon sink into feebleness, and the delicate find it dificult to maintain existence. Hlolloway's Ointment and Pills are infallible remedies.s-Aavr.j 