(FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Tas Parwan station having been opened for passenger traffic on Thursday. the mail time table for Ballan has been consequently altered, and the following are the present arrangements. Coaches leave Parwan station at 8.55 a.m. and 5.25 p.m., reaching Ballan at 12 noon and 830 p.m. The first mentioned coach arriving at Ballarat at 3.40 p.m. The Ballarat coach leaves there at 10.30 p.m., reaching Ballan at 2 p.m., leaves Ballan at 2.30 p.m., and is due at Parwan at 5.20 p.m. The Ballan morning coach leaves at 6 a.m., as before, reaching Parwan at 8.50 a.m. A very beautiful display of the Aurora Australis was seen onTuesdy night between 7 and8 o'clock, on the southern horizon. A pale light was visible at first, which, after a short time, showed rays or streaks of rose colour shooting upwards. These became deeper in hue, changing colour in a very beautiful manner, but a heavy bank of clouds soon obscured the spectacle. The match between the Blackwood and Ballan Rifle Clubs mentioned last week as having been arranged for to-day, has been postponed. There are no cases for hearing at the Ballan County Court, fixed for Wednesday next. The following is from the Sydney Mail: In our last files of agricultural journals from England, we find much praise from critics concerning the advantages of a new farm implement known as" The American Digger," which, according to reports, effected on one farm of 800 acres no less a saving than £100 c year in labour, besides adding to the soil a considerable manurial value. The. American SdiBgger differs from the ordinary ploumgh, which it is in .some districts entirely superseding, " in that the former has a skimmer fixed mid way between the share and mouldboard, and that the two furows from skimmer and the mouldboard are more completely turned over than the single furrow from the old plough. The effect of the work is that the skimmer furrow (about two inches deep) with all the weeds and couch grass, is first turned upside down, and then covered with the mouldboard furrow (four to six inches deep), and the weeds, being thus completely secluded from light, die and rot in the ground. The follow ins are some of the results :-1. Originally after ploughing wheat stubble it was necess ary to cross plough, drag harrow twice, chain harrow twice, and then burn or cart off the couch grass or twitch. But now all the consequent expense of these operations are avoided by the Aemerican digger. 2. The couch grass which is completely killed and rotted, forms manure for the next crop sown on the land. An English midland farmer who had been battling with the couch grass for 40 years, lately used the skimmer, and considers that it is a perfect conqueror for the couch. grass and weeds. Its usefulness was the subject of comsment before the Surveyors' Institution; and as many practical farmers present had no faults to find with its action, we assume that it would be a very implement for Australian work. The machinery and implement section of the shows held here this year, up to the present, have been remarkably bare of novel ties. The only material change in ploughs is that the Amnerican sulky gangs are being now fitted with shares and boards of the Anglo Australian pattern. This should exercise a beneficial effect. A few slight changes for the better too, have been made in the ordinary double- furrow implements, which can now be very easily handled and made, even with un skilled labour, to good even work. We notice too, that the prices asked for the new imple Suents are much lower than those asked for the old stock of ploughs. In no direction have greater strides been made in the way of improvement than in harrows. The disc implements are extra ordinarily effective as pulverisers, and are, considering the labour and material useu in their manufacture, retuarkably lowpriced. The spring toothed harrows, too, are gradually making their way into favour with our farmers. Indeed there are many first-class implements which are sufficiently cheap to be within reach of even the poorest agriculturists; but, despite this fact, makers and agents com plain that business is extraordinarily dull. It may be accepted as a general truism that any nature or amount of exercise that will cause the heart to jump against the chest wall is exercise carried to an excessive and alarming extent.--Medical antd Surgical .Reporter. English people prefer open grates to closed stoves for the following reasons: an open fire helps very greatly to ventilate a room, because the heat draws cold fresh air from .every opening to feed the fire, and the open chimney allows the had air to escape; thle heat also which comeslout of an open grate is of a healthier kind than the heat that has passed through the walls of a closed stove. The rays of heat from an open fire spread directly through the room, and warm every object they touch-walls, ceiling, furniture, people, &c;, ; but, strange to say, they do not in the least warm the air as they pass through it. The air is gradually warmed by the heat that is given out from every object that has been warmed.. As the fire in a stove is shut up, the rays of heat cannot get out without first passing through the walls of the stove, and by passing through an object the heat is changed, so that it has only the power of warming the 'air, which in a room soon becomes dry and close. The sun is an open fire, and; its iays, like those of an open fire, spread outrand warm every object but not the .air. F.For:this reason the air is always, in -te'iisely cold-at the top of a high mountain covered with perpetual snow, on which there are no solid objects to be warmed by the sun's rays; while atthe bottom it may be intensely hot, owing to the heat given out by the trees houses, animals, and other objects in the valley; and the warm air then melts the snow and leaves the earth uncovered so that the Ssun's rays can enter it. Snow, you know, is : a non-conductor of heat, which therefore can not pass through it. The sun's heat also creates ventilation, and causes the winds to blow over the face of the earth, and carry .,fresh air into every dirty hole and corner it can enter,-"Our Dwellings, Healthy and -Unhealthy," by Catherine M1. Buckton, The Romans required that when a man who had been reported to have died abroad returned home alive, he should enter his honse, not by the door, but over the roof. This custom (which is still observed in Persia) owed its origin to certain primitive beliefs : nd customs with, regard to the dead, The ghost of an unburied man was. supposed to •haunt and molest the living, especially his relatives. Hence the importance attached to the burial of the dead, and various precautions were taken the ghost should not return. When the body of a dead man could not be found, he was 'buried in effigy, and this •.-fictitious burial was held to be sufficient to S,.lay the wandering ghost, for it is a prin ciple of primitive thought that what is done to the effigy of a Ipan is done to the man ahinr pe ·f· 