A Peep at the Shows. You were not at the play to-night, Don Carlos. How happened iji ?"—The Spanish Student. The Theatre* j On.Friday night the much-looked-forward-to per formance ci " Romeo and Juliet " took place in the presence of one of the largest audiences that have ever filled our little'theatre, and also one of the most orderly and appreciative. To say that the ex pectations raised in the minds of the public were more than realized were to speak far too mildly, for, tlxe manner in which. this most beautiful of all Shakespeare's love fpoems • and tragedies was put on the stage, and tfye; treatment each character received at the hands of its irespeetive exponent would reflect the highest credit on any company;, on any stage in the colonies. The sbenery, costumes, furniture, music, all being so many unqualified ,triumphs, and the im pression left on every mind after it was over, was onenbt to-be effaced' fcea<!jly y for in looking on and foUdyi^'^hig 'tskt of the story, one was taken back td" thbse digjba^it days, with their quaint langbage/alid makers,La.nd completely lifted out of the present], and turned pith a half throb of regret that it waB $11 over, and yet of relief that it was not true, when they ^osC1» leave the theatre. E Very thing weiit &.s sinobthly as if it were the last night of a long season instead of being the first, and there was nothing to mar the thorough enjdyment of r witnessing/ this magnificent performance. By' priority of title, "Romeo" shouldcome first,but Place awe Dames, so " Juliet" must be the first object of con sideration. The immortal Shakespeare conld never have conceived a more beautiful" Juliet" than that represented by Miss Essie Jenyns, nor a more sweet, blight innocent girl, yet true, steadfast woman, than she depicted. Her "Juliet" took everyone by storm (so to speak), as even her most ardent admirers never expected her to do as she did ; her judgment and perception of every thought arid action to be shewn was marvellous, and it would be almost impossible to say in which particular situation she shone to the greatest a dvantage, in the hall of the " Capulets," dancing in that did-world and picturesque minuet, j her every movement the poetry of grace and elegance ; or, later jn, in the same hall, in her by play with the little child in the company; or, when she turns suddenly in her delighted, surprise ati recognising Bomeg^ainong tlie dancers (who are all; masked); and again, when she picks up the flowers Romeo had thrown down; and, more especially, in the balcony scene, when her natural, impulsive, yet coy, half timid manner, and the soft tones of her voice (which was exquisitely modulated through the whole of this situation) lend additional sweetness to her appearance, she is charming beyond description; and no mortal being could have withstood, the fascination of her manner in coaxing the. Nurse to tell her the news of "Borneo." Then, when ttie sad times commenced, the change from the gay, light hearted girl to the heart-broken maddened woman came with painful force. The farewell scene between her and her few-hours' husband was something not to be forgotten, the only possible fault that could be found was the strain that she enforced on her voice in some of the declamatory passages, when, by using too much power she rather spoilt the effect of a few sentences; her enunciation is excellent, and her voice particularly clear, but in deepening it is at times apt to make it sephulchral. In the dying scene at the last, the action was perfect,. and more than that cannot be said. Mr. J. W. Hollo way, as " Romeo," shewed keen appreciation of the part and acted with great power j in the chamber scene, especially, he rose into warmer action than he generally displays, although a most conscientious, \- ■ . is too precise an actor for parts that want psssionate emotion depicted j. "but, thousjh not as good ii " Borneo " as Miss Jenyns is a " Juliet/' the audi ence hung on his utterances and ,ac tions with delighted interest. As the " Nurse," Miss Kate Arden was grand, -lxer appearance, action, ( voice, and everything, being evidence of a thoroughly well worked up and studied part, "Priar Lawrence" was also a masterpiece of acting, as given by Mr. Charles Hollo way j his calm, dig nified, yet humane ? a holy-father whose aid was not sought in vain, the naturally kindly ring in his voice - added to the power,.yet gentleness of his actions. 3Ir, R. Stewart, as f' Mercutio/' was, too rapid in the delivery of his lines, andit was difficult to follow him j in .fact, those who had no previous knowledge of the words! could not understand him at all, more especially in Jus harangue to "Romeo," cpihmenciDg "Oh, then I see Queen Mab hath been with you. but ior all that, he played the part with such spirit, aind looked it so well that a feeling of regret pervaded the audience when, by his sudden death, they were depiived of an opportunity of seeing him any more that night. Mr. Carle made a most amus ing "Peter," his get-up being splendid and his manner of playing his small part equally good. Mr. Hodson gave his interpretation of,"Capulet"ina very masterly manner, and great expectations are (raised to see him in parts where he has more lengthy opportunities of displaying, his powers. Mr. A.. Norman, as " Tybault," was satisfactory so far as he went, but as this somewhat blustering youth's career is also cut short by " Romeo's" sword, the audience had npt much opportunity of judging his capacity. Comparisons are odious, but for all that, I fear they will continue to lament the departed Jewett. " Paris" was fairly well played by Mr. M'Kenzie, who, however, looked and dressed the part admirably. Miss Morris, as " Lady Capulet," looked charming, but was rather «old in her action. At the commencement of the second act, Miss Nita Steele, as 1 " A young Teronese Gtentleman," sang the serenade, " Hark, hark, the Lark" (wprds Shakspeare/music Schubert), in a most artistic manner; this lady has a highly - cultivated mezzo - soprano voice, and those who . have heard her once/ wish for an opportunity of doing so again. Ifc is a pity that some of our churches do not avail themselves of her services, and secure her for solos in sacred music, a matter she is quite at home in, having frequently sung in the Catholic Cathedrals in iMelbourne gratuitously ; and as Sunday nights are the only ones at her disposal, people might as well enjoy a treat which would be agreeable to all. This lady has installed herself in the favor of the Brisbaneites, her " Selina Thorpe," and " Oissy Gran by," being most charming recollections, and though she has such a small part in "Romeo and Juliet," she is intrusted with its one completely distinct feature; the serenade to which she certainly gives prominence, and is also among the masked dancers in the minuet at the house of " Capulet." The scenery in this production is very beautiful, the first scene being a street in Verona* with the waters of a canal in the distance. The soldiers who walk to and fro in the street, represent an old custom in vogue in those days, when the soldiery had to march four times a day through the streets to see that all was well, the passers by being people on business or pleasure bent. In the hall of the Capulets the furniture is very quaint, chairs with no backs and high elbows like sofas, with substantial legs as broad as the seat, which is padded and fetuffed with white plush, and elbows of 'crimson velvet, in fact the whole surroundings are historically correct. The music played for the minuet is very lovely, and was one of the few articles saved from the wreck of the Ly-ee-moon. All the rest of the incidental music being toxpresaely arranged by Mr. P. Eugarde, and most delightfully carried out by the orchestra, who deserve high commen dation for the taste and delicacy displayed by :them in their rendition of the parts piloted them. The Friars cell scence is a bit of Btage mechanism; it being a double drop of two walls, the front one having a real doorway in it, and disclosing some three or four feet back/ another wall on which a well painted open door with the arbhes of a nave dying away through its distance, these two walls are let down together from the'roof of the theatre where they are attached to pulleys; immediately on Itheir swift and smooth descent, a small flight of steps are slid into the space between the front and back wall, the effect being excellent. This scene is in requisition many tiineB during the play, and the easy mode of pre kenting it is much before the old sliding on of walls j ;that meet in the centre, make a fuss and do not fit when j they do meet. In the Chamber scene the effect also is ad mirable, the quaint old bedstead* Small diamoiid window panes, and everything combining to imake one feel in the land of ghosts, so far distant are the days when such were in fashion, and the presence of the old •' Nurse" with her white hair, cracked voice, antique yet magnificent and stately apparel j helps to confirm the feeling; and in the last, the Tomb scene, the curtain falls on a picture of horrible fatcination. Dead " Paris" lies; at the foot of a long flight of £teps which leads down to that ghastly spot; and in the foreground are the lifeless bodies of " Romeo and Juliet" side by side, and in the centre, the white covered bier on which she lay during her dreamless i sleep of forty-eight hours, and from which she rose to | find her husband lying dead not many yards from her. It would take pages to;pick out each item and dwell properly on it, but any part of this tragedj^as put on - by Mr. Holloway would giye scope to the illustrator's krt or recorder's pen for beauty and interest. j 