LETTEESÏOJHEEDITOE. i -.-- .' THE CODLIN MOTH AND POLITICAL I .-'"' ' SCHEMES. ' . ( ' Sir-As one of the 50,000 who pay the piper for every dance in Tasmania, with your permission I will approach a subject of Which flOf co 12 of the public are' sick, Among the working men of the inland it is over expressed with a prefixing D. The cry of codlin moth in started again with boasting threats, and wearing the skin the gentleman in the fable stole from the lion, the cry is to upset. the best Government Tasmania ever had. Some of the leaders in the pillion arc champions of liberty who, in the name of the people, are, ready to shed tears over an old wheelbarrow with a broken leg. No example will moderate their self-esteem Throe,newspnpor8 that were friends of the public, ornaments of literature, and illuminators of Cadmus first started the cry, but it gave them a sudden dccesBUS, and they are now bringing respectability to perfection at Coventry. The suburbs of Hobart being near, the markets jealousy proclaims them the dirtiest parts of the island. But people who sold fruit in this city 60 years ago state that they sold injured apples then as they do now. Mr. Mcintosh says, no country in the world is free from, codlin moths." If there was not one butcher's shop in Australia 'the blowflies would live and get fat, so the moths will breed and fly on the hills of Tasmania and in the Domain of Hobart. In 1885 the crop of apples in this island was amazing. Every alternate year it is the same. Next year there will be a similar crop, yet this is no argument for gentlemen who are making the air of Tasmania thick with the breath of big and little billet hunters. This year up to a late date the fruit of the island has not been sold but nearly given away. Then how can poor men live if the remedy is made a hundred times worse than the pretended malady. A thousand years ago the people made the chemical discovery of turning grubby apples into pork or cider. In those 1,000 years how did the world live without apple inspectors ? A few years ago the brothers of those gentlemen attempted to smash the fruit trade of Victoria, and Tasmania in the Sydney market, but the Government, the i Press, and the people of New South Wales made short work of their pretensions, for I they know that no country on the earth is free from the insect. They name the pre tensions an experiment, but the attempt will be like the destruction of the wolves in France, The laws of England make every man in Australia an Englishman, but those creeping brilliant watchers over fences despise the innate pride, that, like the Roman of old, is born with the true Briton. The courage of the Huon fruit- growers will live for ever. Black sheep feeding upon shams cannot fatten amongst them. A few half-dozens of plodding and self-adoring men, calling themselves the enlightened public, despising the honour of labour and threatening annihila- tion to the Government, shall find a cold, frosty morning at the Huon. The working fruit-grow 2, are the great majority. They have the ballot .",, all power in their hands. One little speech-day, tRUro them and treat them as cattle. Inn... ;{ 119" will be the dupes of running lazy men, running down lazy people and will not support the bu ...,.". mont who are their truest friends, no punishment can be had enough for them. They shall be too late for compassion. Derision will mock them groaning under taxation, penalties and miseries of which they do not dream. The men who are determined to trade upon the apathy trample every argument under their feet. They call themselves the intelligent public, but their humane thirst to abuse men in their own places would illumine the brilliancy of old Pye-street or Petticoat-lano,. They are always quoting America as a clean precedent for Australia to follow, his incontestable authorities openly state that it is a country that is filling all nations with grubs and insects of all descriptions, Their own superiority makes them deem that any quotation 58 too good for the demented people of this island. They threaten to smash every Government that will dare to have courage, justice, and self-reliance, They may quote a hundred times from America, but I will quote from England before any other land in creation. For men' of honour in England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales would shudder if they were to know the throats and tortures from which tlieircountrynienarosnfferinghere from a handful, a clique of men who are determined to crush a Government for daring to be just to the men who clear the wilder- nesses, and save them from the greed of July plodders, who would, if they could in the name of inspectors, have one half of the island Swearing against the other half. They have a thousand arguments to prove that no man shall know his own business in his own garden. In Tasmania they illustrate the times painted by Butter in England when the feigned ghost in the dark room said to Hudibras : " What makes all doctrines plain and clear of About two hundred pounds a year. And that which was proved true before Prove false again I Two hundred more. ' Why didst thou choose that cursed tin, j HypocritE, to set up a? Because It is the best that pays." I will now call attention to a gardener who was over 40 years in the greatest fruit- growing counties in England, where he had the greatest experience. In a letter to the Press he said, " If every apple tree in the island were cut down and burned the codlin moth would live and breed, for it feeds on other things as it does on apples." Some of your correspondents do not admire the intellect of the people in the north of the island, where there is a climate that is dangerous to the health of gentlemen striving to live upon their wits. After many years of punishment to Governments, the wise and humane Apple Act was passed, but it did not suit the taste of local option gentlemen and would- be inspec- tors. So threats and opportunities are, still the weapons that are craving for power to crush men in their own gardens, and then tell the victims they are saved. They cried to the Government for railroads, and now denounce them for the coat of the lines. Their conceit of themselves is that all men must live in fear of their intellect, which will enable them to trade upon friends and foes. As the Government are not furious in hunting butterflies they will now hunt them down in place of tliOituotliB. Their cry is turning the attention of the people away from the indispensable study of being able to fight and save. the country. During the late war scare this ory of codlin moth went into a horrors deep sleep, but when safety appeared to be a certainty they quickly started the motto again, " Unless we can kick up a riot, ' "There is no hope for peace or quiet." The stiff-necked Government must go, and then we'll have our own. But thousands of men are asserting that they will not have half a boating. In conclusion I beg to say that I hope the whole of the codlin moth gentlemen will read the able letter of F. Hales, in your issue of of the 17th Inst., and that they will consider the wisdom of killing the birds to save the grabs. Yours, etc.. SPINTHER. P.S In each of the Australian Colonies there area hundred motheR to every one- in' Tasmania, but the fruitgrowers will not ruin the trade by raising a senseless cry. They laugh' at TosmanlanB telling the world' that a smell from their own fish makes it unfit for the markets, is For a long time 1 have not troubled you, sir, with this subject,' but before its tenacious aggressions it's hard to preserve an even temper. 