CEUECH0F ENGLAND SYNOD? The ^animal session of the Church of; England in this diocese was opened on Tues day^ morning at St. Peter'a Cathedral by Bishop Kennion. assisted bv Archdeacons -Marjyat, Fair, and Dove. The Bishop haying delivered his Pastoral Address, Holy Communion was celebrated, and an offertory TOH taken at the close of the service to be 'devoted to the purpose of erecting a memorial window in the Cathedral to the late Dean EnsaelL The choral portion of the service, which included an anthem for the dead, was excellently rendered. PASTORAL ADDRESS. The Bishop's address was as follows :— BENEDIOTUS BENBDICAT. It will be in the remembrance of some of you my reverend brethren and brethren of the laity that, at the close of our last, the thirty-first, session of the Synod of this Dio cese, a BtroBg appeal was made to me by the most respected and now lamented member of the Synod that I should not attempt in addressing you to confine myself to the subjects which might be brought before the current session of Synod for discussion, but that from time to time I should endeavour to apeak to you more folly upon some of the great questions which affect us.' There are special reasons why I should, in this year, endeavour to comply with the request. The present circumstances of the colony, the general . ' tendency of movements in . the : Church/ '.at home and abroad, the near approach of the General Synod of theChurch of England in Australia and Tasmania, and perhaps some necessity for speaking more plainly and folly to you than hitherto, now that in God's Providence I have completed more than three years' residence among you, have all weighed with me in choosing this as an opportunity for departing from what may eventually prove to be my custom. Indeed, I shall try not to overtax your patience. I shall strive to address myself to those subjects only which are, practical I shall speak to you as men who amid all the gloom of the present are yet firm in their faith, and whose hopes of. the future are not dashed by the difficulties of the day; nay, rather as men who, amid miny Bocial as well as not a few. ecclesiastical troubles, can yet lift up your heads and see a re demption from many thraldoms drawing nigh. Praying God to guard me from presumption, I am attempting: to guide and mould my thoughts while penning this address by letting them flow in the most sacred channel. Every student has seen for himself that in the Lord's Prayer our Divine Master has laid -down for us cot only the pattern but the very laws which are. the principles of prayer. I cannot help also seeing here the very laws of the Church's life.' One. by one the petitions which the blessed Lord has taught bring to my mind the conception of His Church— its sanctity of worship, its missionary character, the personal (holiness of its members, the ?divine sustenance, the necessity for brotherly . tenderness, and the eradication of evil. It is upon the first four of these subjects that I desire: to speak . to you. On, some of them I can but .speak in outline. They are so great that on no one of them, can I speak, adequately. Nor for one moment do I pretend that my poor thoughts can fill ud the great measure of the rule of ilife' which '.the: petitions themselves may present to you. Our own River Murray as it slowly aweeps .onward to the. ocean of its rest now presses the great cliffs on one : side and then bends over to where towering cUffaxcpon the other aide have marked, the margin of the great estuary which, r miles -wide,' once flowed to the Southern Seas. The river's devious channel,,wide asiit is, is but a span's breadth of the . grand course down which the ancient tideway rushed. High npon the rocks long and deep-cut lines tell of the volume of water which once filled the great valley it wore for itself. Now one looks and wonders. And yet- the great channel serves ; and ' puny in : its contrast with what haa gone before, the. Murray rolls onward to the sea.' So indeed must be the contrast between auch words as I may. speak to yon and the channel which' suggests their course. Yet how could I choose better than in choosing the best— God grant: His blessing —then what we need we have. Reverently, therefore, my brethren, and laying aside the ahoea of presumption, let us see some aspect of the law of life for the Church underlying the sacred words— ' Our Father, which art in heaven.' There is a longing among many earnest Christian persons for unity. There is recog nition among an ever-increasing number that our divisions are unnecessary and wrong. Is there any prospect of any reunion ? On this let us dwell for a little. What is our idea of the Church? L It is a visible kingdom with an invisible Head, who confers npon it supernatural grace. . Every member of the kingdom shares in the honours of the king dom. It is a kingdom of priests^-every faithful member of it is called to a holy and royal priesthood. 2- It is a body. It iB vital with supernatural life. A sacrament gives entrance into it A sacrament gives nourishment in it. It has its organs of the ministry— the bishops, priests, and deacons are its organs. These are neither, on the one hand, the source of the life of the body, for the fife is given to the whole body, and the organs share in.it ; nor, on the other hand, are the organs formed by the body, but given by the Lord to the body, for the due trans mission of divine doctrine, and for adminis tration to the wants or the body. 3. It is a family, God's family. The Blessed Lord is not only perfect God and perfect man, but in Him who has taken our nature we partake of the divine nature. As many las have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ. They have received the spirit of adoption. They; have the right to look np to God and call him father. -True, He is the Father of all, and to realize this makes all men brethren. But it is in his Church this realization is found, and the: entrance into it is a birth into a new- world— into a family, into a brotherhood, where is God the Father, Christ the elder brother, the Holy Ghost tie sanctifying bond of holy union. Bear with . me, my brethren, for bringing principles so well known before you. I would have you apply them to the present: state of things. Every student knowa how they were the strength of the Chursh of the first days. Almost every earnest Christian, too, will- ten yon they are' what we need to regain in their depth and their .simplicity, more, than all things now. There iaio: need to enquire now how they are lost ;' The question for na is rather now. shall' they be regained? Is there any manifestation of a desire for 'their recovery? Let me point out at least one such indication. It has been said, that of three of , our Blessed Lord's Apostles who stand pre-eminent in the in fluence which the teaching associated with their name will always exercise, two have specially dominated the character of religious teaching of Western Europe. With the name of St.. Peter, whether rightly or wrongly, is inseparably linked that era in the ' Church's history in which, clad in the purple of -the Caesars, -ahe asserted her authority 'where the Roman Empire had declined and fallen. If there was. a proud Imperialism patent in her march, yet the sceptre that she wielded was for God, and her grandly conceived attempt to ameliorate the scene of things cannot but win much admiration. The Beformation marked the deep hold which, thank God, the teaching of St. Paul had gained upon the mindBoi men. The heart-stirring writings of St. Augustine of Hippo largely con tributed to this. The apprehension of the personal access of the believer to a personal Saviour, the prominence given to the doctrine of justification by faith, led to an outburst of enthusiasm for the special teachings of St. Paul, which found vent in well-known move ments; and, as the result, among a large cumber at least of English-speaking Chris tians has there been, possibly still is, an almost exclusive attention to the aspect which Christianity bears to the individual. But the teaching of the third of these three neatest Apostles has never yet in the Western Church exerted its legitimate in fluence. St John's great teachings, the stress he lays upon the doctrine of the Incarnation, the larger love of humanity, the re-creation of the world in ChriBt, and upon the Church as the great Society in which the world will find its social difficulties cleared up, these have hitherto found their chiefest expression in the school of fathers whose names are clustered round his in the Eastern Church. The comparative stagnation of that Church among semi-Oriental races in later centuries haa dimmed the force of that_ teach ing. But there are marked signs of the turning of not only Anglican theology in the direction of teaching whicn is especially Johannine as affording the key to many of the most difficult social and religious problems of the day. If it be the case that the apostle, who best of all could interpret to us the practical meaning of the light and love of God, is to be recognised as the best exponent for our time of the mean ing of the Incarnation of the Son of God, then, indeed, may our hearts be cheered as to the future. Perhaps to no man more than to Professor Westcott does the Church of Eng land owe a debt of gratitude for his exugetical writings on, St. John. I earnestly commend his commentaries, and especially that upon St. John's Epistles, to the careful study of my clergy. One rifles from such study with a braver Jhope, and I trust a larger, warmer love .for all -men. It is m a ir.aro vivid ~'~ apprehension of 1st. Joburd teach ings'- that' ~I~ see the hope of re covering- the brotherly spirit, the strength, and the noble simplicity of the early Church. Follow out the teaching; Bee itseffectona Polycarp, an Irensus, an Ignatius, whose seven epistles ' of the middle form' are now vindicated as (I think it not rash to say) tpcontroTertibly genuine in the masterly boofc-^nd We literary work of his life— of Bishop Lightfoot Trace it in an Athan&sius;, a Chrysostom; then turn to the problems of to-day. See the slowly gathering but ever increasing forces of democracy ; see the forum rent by a widening chasm between capitalist and labourer, wish no Curtius yet at hand to make his noble sacrifice the healing bond. See, most distressing of all, the denominational strife for place—' the spiritual racing' until our very divisions become our glorying. See the Bchiama and excisions till the very joy of harmony is lost, till there are reeled oat long ribbons of dull uniform colour instead of a web woven from divers threads and life-like with Dattern, till thereareplantedout whole groves of sombre denominations like some vast scrubs of mono tonous mallee. Ah! what would not the Church in Australia be capable of being and doing if instead of the warmth and zeal of Methodism streaming ofl in one direction, and the earnestness of the Baptist in another, and the vigour of the Congregationalist and Presbyterian in a third, and the Church of England rich in ita Catho licism and^ firm in its stability left to throw out its new shoot3, there were to be interwoven in one strong yet flexible band the life and strength of each of these ? But it is in a greater grasp of the meaning of the Incarnation, and in this alone, that I see the hope of meeting either the social or the re ligious difficulty — in our learning to look on every man baptized into Chiiat as our brother, in a more determined effort to realize in St. John's Bpirit the meaning of ' The fellowship,' and in our being content for the sake of this— this f allowship with the Father and with His Son Jeaua Christ, this apostolic fellowship, this brotherhood of men— to give up much that we might con Bider necessary in a narrower view of our duty. Then indeed should we give meaning to the words of the Lord's Prayer, ' Our Father.' But some clearer understanding aa bo what can be done is necessary. Brethren, beloved, I think I know well the responsibility I bear to the whole Church of England in the position I occupy. Upon the Bishop especially must ever rest the duty of guarding the doctrines and disci pline of the Church. It is this grave duty ivhich makes us slow to move where others might wiBh to urge us on with rapidity. But [ may confess to you I should not have iccepted the position which I hold were it lot that the earnest longing of my heart is to 16 somewhat when a fitting opportunity x-mes to promote greater Christian unity ipon some sound and tangible basis. Possibly some will think I have lost oppor ninities of promoting that for which I profess )o have a longing, but I have no desire for making appearacce of unity where there is io real unity. Others will think that I have alked about it too much and done too little. But that, I reply, is of purpose. I want to :reate the desire which certainly does not jverywhere exist. Many see no harm in vhat now goes on— more forget the ultimate endencieB of our present divisions. But it s clear that in the Colonial Church attempt? nay be made in a direction in which Eug and cannot well lead, and I have brought ;hia subject before you to-day because I lesire; to take the opportunity of the first General Synod which I attend for expressing ny views upon the matter, and I desire in he first place to take counsel with yon. leprecating undue haste in so solemn a natter, what I think might be done is as ollows : — L For a whole year earnest prayer night be offered by all those of whatever Christian denomination who desire a visible inityof Christiana on the basis of the in :arnation of our Blessed Lord. Then at the ixpiration of that period chosen persons night be appointed on behalf of each deno nination for the purpose of a year's historical md devotional study of the subject. After ? ivhich further period a conference, might be. tssembled, and a scheme prepared which night then be discussed during a third year -y the denominations concerned. Mean ime (though I know there are many diffi nlties) I should like to see any Christian oinister admitted to preach in the Church of Sngland pulpits, who, being a duly baptized lerson, and signing' his adherence to the [octrines of the Nicene Creed (as being ccepted at the last General Council of the Jndivided Church) is willing to receive the Sishop's licence for the purpose. Such a step s the last would mean much, though to ome it may seem a slight one. It probably onld not be taken, even if it were an dvisable one, without the consent of the reneral Synod. Bat, as I have said, I hope o take that opportunity of bringing this reat question forward. For ourselves of he Church of England, before I leave the ection of my address headed by the solemn avocation of the Lord's Prayer, let me arnestly beg by the mercies of our God the lultivation of a spirit of patience, SDringing lot from a habit of laissez faire, but from a ;ood bright hope of one another and a manly ipirit of tolerance for one another's opinions ; ipringing not from indifference, but from the lossession of fixed principles, and because we ook on one another as brethren made to be ihildren of Oar Father in Heaven through ncorporation into the mystical body of Christ our Lord. Worship. The first petition of the Lord's Prayer tecessarily leads our thoughts in any survey f the Church's life to the sphere of worship. ' Hallowed be Thy Name.' ; Would to God the unselfishness of the peti ion more greatly characterized our lives who ffer it. It . speaks of reverence, that ood quality which of all others is nost lacking in colonial life — reve ence -first for God, which checks a nan's rash speech, and bids him think of onsequences of it, which bids him put God, iot himself, first, and which next bids him -e thoughtful for the feelings of his brother nen made in the image of God. And it peaks of worship as apart from prayer. On he whole I notice with thankfulness a gradual improvement in the worship in nany of our Churches. But I would emark that the manner of the services, rherever any alteration does not con luce to a more heartfelt and true worship ?f Almighty God, where it is introduced in nch a manner as to alienate a large number if the congregation, thea whatever good may » looked for is more than outweighed by the larm that is done. It should be borne in nindthat In his chapter on ritual (14th shapter of the First Epistle to the Corinthians) n which St. Paul lays down the rule—' Let ill things be done decently and in order,' ie also urges, and that continually—' Let all ihings be done unto edifying.' It is not idifying, not ' building np' the Church, to ntroduce a practice, however lawful and leautifulin itself, which has the effect of mattering the very stones of the spiritual ;emple with which a wise master builder inght to build. Yet there are persons who ire ready unnecessarily to take offence, and o them I would commend some wise words -f the Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone—' The rery same person who errs by making his own :onscience in ritual a measure for the ionsciences of other men, less they should run o excess, may be himself in surfeit while he looms them to starve, fcr what is famine o them may be to him excess ; what they an digest may be to him indigestible.' [here is one matter in relation to ' Wor hip' on which I cannot reflect without much lain. It is the tendency— by no means con ined to ourselves— to regard Festival and ither special services of Almighty God, as leing simply a mode of obtaining money for rarposes connected with the Church, How eally terrible a thing it is to see, as oue requently does in the newspapers, 'The ervices held at such a place last week were ery successful, producing a gain of so much o the Church. I do not eay that the clergy ?hen planning their special services have ny other idea than that of rendering to the Llmighty the worship which is His due, and if building up the people in their most holy aith — but the popular interpretation as vinced in the newspaper reports ought to et us all thinking deeply. Are we suffi iently endeavouring to impress on our people hesolemnityof ourapproacn to G-od? Do they earn from our manner, our reverence in even peaking of things pertaining to God, from iur care for the House of God, our avoidance if all slovenliness in everything which con erns our services, our preservation of even he fabric of the Church, that we believe in ihe promised spiritual presence of our Blessed ^ord in our midst ? This is not only a clergy nan's question. It affects you my brethren )f the laity equally with us, nay, it affects ;he whole community. For to trifle thus with the solemn things of God is to break ibat commandment of the Decalogue which is enshrined in this petition. To grow darkened in the very focua of our spiritual light, our approach to God, is to grow in a iarkness that will envelop all our dealings. Dne word as to the Sacrament of Holy Baptism. I would gladly see more careful provision made in many Churches for it3 due Celebration. Often when a new Church is built do I find no font provided. More often ;vhen provided do I find it utterly inadequate 'or its purpose and wrongly placed in the Church. However, this point 1 will leave to :he Archdeacons and press them to give it prominence. But I confess I cannot see why ;he direction of the Prayer-book that the 'Priest shall dip it (the child brought to be aaptiaed) in the water discreetly ana warily' mould not be more regularly obeyed ia this Diocese. In England the character of the jlimate is generally urged aa the reason for the adoption cf .chat the Church only sanc tions as an alternative where it is certified that the child i3 weak. Here the same reason cannot be frequently urged. It is probablythe use or custom of England and of the Western Church that haa. bred the habit But when we remember how much we thus lose sight of the full signifi cance of- the holy rite, and how much our cuBtom— not our Church's teaching— tends to perpetuate the division from, us of a large section of Christian people, and indeed how great a stumbling-block our custom is said to be to members of the Eastern Church, surely in our warm latitudes of Australia we might make a return to that mode of holy baptism which the Church enjoins. A good custom of the Charch, which both ia England and here is becoming more and more honoured in the breach than the observance, was the placing at the east end of the Church (accord ing to .the Ganona of 1603) the legibly written copies of the Creed, the Lord's Prayer, and the Ten Commandments. Possibly the greater decoration of chancels has led to the disuse of these. But surely to restore them to a olace on the east wall of the nave would be a distinct gain in a laud where the religious instruction is of so scanty a character B3 it is here. And I would Bay the same of the table of prohibited degrees with which marriage ia forbidden by the Church. The Church haB never relaxed her lawa of marriage since their table was framed. Ho clergyman holding a licence in this Diocese can be permitted to marry persons within these degrees, and it is well that our people should be more familiar with the fact. In old Churches at home it was a common custom to find such a table exhibited in the porch or near the west door of the Church ; ami .there should be no difficulty about our reviving it. I would fain have lingered, my brethren, on this portion of my subject, and have urged op my brethren of the laity the glorious privilpges which is theirs as well as ours in the chiefest act of Christian worship — the true thanksgiving service — the encharist. For the increase of communicants in the Diocese I can indeed rejoice. They are the very strength and backbone of the Church. Their growth in numbers is steady. God grant them equal and greater growth in grase. It is no new theory that the whole congrega tion of faithful people shares in the consecra tion, joins in the pleading of the merits of the Crucified One. How much more hearty would be our communions were this aspect more frequently regarded. Nay, all our ser vices, with this as the central act of our worshipj would grow in heartiness anl vigour if only those who attended them would look on their part as just as mriortant as the part of the minister. The secret of such heartiness and such vigour lies just in this— in the knowledge of the name, the character of the Holy One, the God who is love— and the true prayer, 'Hallowed be Thy name,' going up from each one to whom God has revealed it. ' Thy kingdom come.' Every earnest Churchman must deBire the increase of his Lord's kingdom. And as the first petition of the Lord's Prayer under which we reflected on some aspects of our worship taught us reverence for our Father's name, so under this second petition are our thoughts necessarily raised to the contempla tion of the kingehip of the ever- bless-sd Son of God and the charge which He has left to His Church to extend His kingdom. To this duty 1 ask your attention under the influence of the prayer which He has put into our mouths, 'Thy kingdom come.' Only last year I announced to you the conse cration of the Eight Rev. Dr. Hannington as Bishop of an immense missionary district in equatorial Africa. Now his name is added to the Churche's hero-roll of martyrs. His strong will, his great courage, his intense devotion to his Master have surely not been unworthily spent in that perilous apd benighted land. It ia said that at least six and- twenty men have voluntarily come for ward to offer themselves for the work in which he fell by such a cruel death, God bless them ! The miasibnary spirit of the Church is not dead. Yet who can say we do not need more of it here. Almost the laat words which our. lamented Dean said to me were in expressing his desire of seeing more of this spirit among us. We need it in our parishes. Many of our clergy are sxeatly overworked, and especially so in those parishes where far more work iB needed. The existing congregations absorb all their attention, and hundreds, if not thousands, of members of our Church are lost to us, and in many cases are passing their lives without any help from the ministrations of religion. And yet there are laymen rich enough in every town parish to supply the necessary means for the payment of an assistant curate, who never seem to realize the great responsibility that lies upon them is well as upon the clergy for the thorough carrying out of the Church's work, I know bhe difficulty of the times, and I desire very heartily to thank those members of the Church who, in spite of difficulties have made a generous response to my appeal for funds for the Home Mis Bion Society. But I want to see much more dene in our town parishes. The ten days' mission which it is proposed to hold in four of these parishes next Advent will, I trust, have the effect of at least evoking the work of many persons who hitherto have not attempted to do anything in propagating their holy religion. It is fitting, I should say, how warmly this proposed mission had the sympathy and support of the late Dean. One outcome of it, I hope, will be that in no large parish of or r city will Churchmen rest content without funds being provided for an assistant curate, who will assist their incum bents in developing the work which at pre sent they are anxious but unable to accom plish. I know the fear may arise that the E resent inadequate payments of the incum ents may possibly be even further reduced by any attempt to increase the number of the clergy working in their parishes, yet I honestly believe thiB fear will prove to be exaggerated. For, in the first place, the rcore work that is done, the more financial support will ba ob tained, and, in the next place, I cannot help thinking that jf a commission he appointed to examine into the appropriation of our various Church funds, some scheme may be devised by which grants could be made to assist incumbents in the payment of their curates. One way which has been sug gested of meeting the undoubted want of more workers in the Church is in the levival of what is called the permanent diaconate. I am somewhat unwilling in this address to anticipate the discussion that will arise upon a motion that is to be submitted to you in Synod, but if the result of the discussion Bhould show special difficulties in reviving thiB order, are there not other ways lying near to hand by which the laboure of duly qualified and licensed persons might be utilized in the Church. In the neighbouring dioceses in yictoria there is, you are aware, an office which bears the name of honorary reader. Those who hold the office are paid for their work, and the late Bishop of Melbourne on a recent occasion warmly praised their work. Indeed, in this Diocese we have two or three gentlemen who, under the name of catechist, and with a small stipend, are doing good work for the Church in districts where the clergy cannot be main tained. This system might be extended with advantage, and where it is impossible from various causes to obtain the services of a curate, a catechist, whose whole time should be devoted to Church work, if he were a really earnest God-fearing man with some ability, would prove an invaluable assistant to the parish priest. But we want more lay man's work in the parishes. I am not afraid of hostile attacks upon Christianity, but I am afraid of the chill air of agnosticism numbing men into spiritual sleep so deep that their religion becomes a dream and nothing more. Against this work is the remedy. Let me quote some stirring words from a sermon of one with whom I have not found myself always so much in accord as upon this point, (the Bishop of Liverpool). i(The laity of our Church are not where they ought in the direct work of Christ and the furtherance of Christianity in the land. A mischievous habit of leaving all religion to the parson of the parish has overspread the country, and the Dulk of lay Churchmen seem to think that they have nothing to do with the Church but to receive the benefit of her means of grace, while they contribute nothing in the ?way of personal active exertion to promote her efficiency. If an Ephesian or Philippian or Thessalonian lay Churchman were to rise from the dead and see how little work lay Churchmen do for the English Church, he would not believe his eyes. The difference between the primitive type of a lay Church man is the difference between light and dark ness, black and white. __ The one used to be awake and alive and always about his Master's business. The other ia too often asleep practically, and# torpid and idle, and content to leave the religion of the parish in the handB of the parson. . , , Let every parochial incumbent make a point of teaching every communicant that he is an integral part of the Church of England, and iB bound to do all that he can for its welfare— to visit, to teach, to warn, to exhort, to edify, to help, to advise, to comfort, to support, to evangelize, to awaken the sleeping, to lead on the enquiring, to promote repentance, faith, and _ holiness everywhere according to his gifts, time, and opportunity. He should educate his people to see that they must give np the lazy modern plan of leaving everything to the parson, and must be active agents instead of sleeping partners. Never will things go well with the Church of England until every individual member realizes that he has a duty to do to his Church, and keep3 that duty continually in view.' The Bishop of Liverpool speaks of the work of evangelizing. I am not without hopes that in the course of a year or two, if money matters improve in the colony, it may be in my power to form a lay brotherhood of per sons who, living in community together, should spend their time in working for God. About two years ago I drew a;set of rules which provided for a small number of men living upon a. sheep station, supporting them-' fielvesbythe produce of the station,- who were to be under the religious superintendence of a clergyman with special qualifications. They were to be under no vows, but the rules were strict. Some of them were to be employed in education, some in the more mechanical and manual work required on the station, but all were to be called uponaa occasion required to go forth and preach the Gospel without charge wherever sent. The only diffi culties in the way of its being carried out — certainly they are great one3— are the need of funds for the purchase of a station^ and of the right man to place at the head of such impoitant work, The firat of these difficulties it is in yonr power, my brethren, to overcome ; the second will, I doubt not, disappear on the removal of the first. Such a man, 1 may, however, now say, would have to be of .'argeheartedness, capable of working with men who perhaps may not even be members of the Church of England, endowed with some of the love of a tit. Francis de Sales, the courage of a Savonarola, and the adaptability of a Patteson, and, above all, the holiness and the zeal of a John Wesley. The need of the work of Buch a brotherhood is especially felt in thinly populated country districta. Oh ! that it might be found ia the heart of some liberal man to assist me in founding such work for God. Iu two ways, it seems to me, we may without difficulty assist in developing active Church life in the country districts. The first of these is by giving a more real character to the Bishop s visitation of the parishes. I have before this intimated to many of the clergy that on the occasion of my visit to any country parish where it is practicable I am anxious to have an opportunity of catechising the children of the Church. For the laat year or so I have been able, through the arrangements kindly made by the clergy, to carry out this plan in many parts of the Diocese. It not only has the advantage of bringing the Bishop into personal contact with the young of his flock, but I have already become convinced of the good that is done to the Sunday-school through the stimulus of the expected visit. It is my wish also that my visitation may be made the occasion for presenting to me a roll of the' communicants in the parish, and [or exhibiting the licences of the lay readers, and further 'for the incumbent to formally make a brief statement to me of the progress of spiritual life in the parish. It would be an advantage if at the same time the Church Wardens could present to me a short report on the financial condition of the Church. rhe other matter to which I alluded con jerns the development oi interest in Church tvqrk in a wider area than the parish. I think we must all see the need of this, and it aas seemed to me that some further interest than at present exists might be stimulated by occasional gatherings for discussion of the clergy and Synodal representatives ia various parts of the Diocese. For this pur pose I propose, though by degrees, to divide ihe settled portions of the Diocese into Rural Deaneries. I have asked the Archdeacon of Adelaide to prepare a scheme for me for the iormation of Deaneries in his Archdeaconry, md I propose to give authority to the Rural Dean of each Deanery to gather together in ;he most suitable locality all the clergy and Synodal representatives of his Deanery for liscus&ion; occasionally upon topics which ivonld be suggested to them, or which they night suggest for themselves. There will be io need of new machinery for this, and ihough it would not be fair to expect busy nen to travel great distances, or fre luently, yet even occasional meetings vill, I hope, stimulate greater interest n Church matters among those concerned. Before IJeave the subject of the increase of ihe kingdom let me say how earnestly I wish ;hat our Churches throughout the whole diocese :ould be more 'used during the week than ;hey are at present. It is sad to see a Chuich loor locked from Sunday to Sunday, and hough it may be replied that to hold the jrdinary services on the week days would be i matter of such difficulty in many places, ind that they would be attended by so few jeraons, that tlie labour of conducting them ivould be better bestowed in doiDg work in )ther ways, still I am convinced that the iteady adherence to the prayer-book rule on ;he matter produces in the long run blessings ipon the parish for which any earnest pastor :annot be top thankful. Bat if our people ;annot find interest enough in the regular norning and evening prayers to induce them ;o make the effort required in coming, can we not attach them to the Caurch by some ihnpler service, and so lead them on to a ove for the fuller worship. I aee no reason ;vhy on weekdays Bible-cla8sea and Guild neetings Bhould not b9 held, or an occasional neeting for the purpose of singing hymns, -r a weekday or weeknfeht children's service, or a missionary address. In any )f these ways we should be stirring jur people to more life, and teaching them ;o care more for the House of God. Let me also, borrowing from my own ex perience, learnt from one of the most active md able Bishops in England, press on the ittention of my brethren the valuable help which they would obtain from wisely con lucted 'after meetings,' as they are called, leld at special seasons in their Churches ivhen the ordinary Eervices for the day are joncluded. A simple instruction with a few ;arnest words of exhortation, some orief prayers (I see no reason why these, if offered by the clergyman aimself, should not be extempore), with -ne or two simple, well-known hymns, would be the means of drawing miny persons to make some use of the House of God who Snd at present no help^ to themselves in the more ornate and dignified services arranged in the Prayer-book. Yet to myself in sug gesting these various ways of increasing the 2fficieney and work of the Church in our midst, and to you whom I address may the recollection come home that is God's Kingdom for the coming of which we are taught to pray. It is rery difficult to resist the spirit 3f rivalry— more difficult to exclude the spirit of self-gratification in our work. Of :ourse this is far better than idleneas or in 3ifference ; but the remedy against all these iieB'tohand. It is in the constant recollec tion of Him whose is the kingdom. It is in jetting hold of the fact, in such a way that it may get hold of us— that by suffering and bhe cross the Blessed Lord won the kingdom ind the crown. Think what it cost Him. Keep Him ever before the mind's eye. Bring sach action before Him. Test it by the question asked of conscience— Would He approve, would He have done it? And if the clear answer comes from a sincere heart bidding you go forward, then with good courage give of your best labour, your Deat strength, for the kingdom is the Lord's, and we are but His soldierB and servants. ' Thy wiU be done in earth as it is in heaven.' A specially solemn meaning will attach itself in our minds to these words to-day. I had intended, under the heading of this petition of the prayer, to have spoken to you mainly, if not solely, of that personal holiness which it iB especially the office of the Holy Grhost to impart and to promote within us, [ had thoughtto dwell somewhat on the oeed^ for a higher personal standard of religion, and to nave pressed upon you with ill my power that, however important may be the other duties of which I have spoken, that which stands as our first require ment to fit us to accomplish rightly the Church's work is ' holiness, without which no man can see the Lord.' But now another ispect of theBB words will be before you. God has called from us so suddenly one whose going makea to us in Adelaide bo iwful a blank that we reel as under a heavy 3hock. It would be wrong to murmur. The Lord hath done as it seemed to Him good. For him who has gone we give thanks. We thank God for his life and his work here. We thank God, some of us, that we have loarnt to know him well enough to catch at some thing of his character, and to have him ever in our memories as an example and a guide. We thank God for his joy now in the Paradise of the blessed. For we doubt not he hath indeed passed from death unto life. But yet when we turn to our work here in Synod, when we think of the sorrowing family, we can only bow our heads in reverence and Bay, ' Thy will be done.' On the Bubject of personal holiness the late Dean was more deairouB that I should speak than on any other topic I have chosen. For I may Bay to you that when I had only laid out the scheme of this address some weeks ago I dis cussed with him the advisability of my addressing you as I am doing. It was at his earnest solicitation that I ultimately deter mined to proceed with it, and I Bhall think it my duty at some future time, if God Bpares me, to bring before you tha social and other aspects of our work which I aee in dicated in the remaining petitions of the Lords Prayer. But now I attempt to address myself to the subject of the manifestation of the will of God in our daily life. The dis graceful revelations which have this year been made of so much commercial im morality and shameless dishonesty have been, one is thankful to think, a real shock to our community. Religion has received a blow in our colony from which it will take years to recover. The hypocrisy and hollow pro feEsion of active religious principle which have covered so much fraud have disgusted a large number of right-minded people with even the name of religion. What can have led to such an epidemic of embezzle ment? Is it that there has been so great a leaning on the emotional side of religious teaching that practice has become perhaps insensibly alienated from profession ? Is it the fever of the love of gain which has throbbed so wildly and burnt up so madly the life of the people that it has set them in a delirium of recklessness, only to leave them emasculated and without principle ? Is it a false shame of poverty and a false estimate of what they think the honour due to wealth? Is it the contagion of emulation which makes some men-restless if they think another is getting on faster than themselves, or ia U the. love of luxury, that curse of our age, which creates unnecessary wants, and then deems it necessary to satisfy them, until the whole simplicity of the man has gone from him ? I know not to which of these causes it may be attributed, but I do know this, that any one of them ib a course of life condemned by the life of Him who came to do His Father's will, and has taught ub to pray that we may do it. Now, our first duty is clear. It ia to teach a greater simplicity of life. I need not take up your time by suggesting the method. Only that I would urge you, my reverend brethren, to make it a frequent ana prominent topic in your sermons ; next to press more_ home upon your people that manly and in the best sense old English form of Christian teaching which we have in our grand old Church Catechism— the rule of God's Commandments, the fear of God, the honour and love due to man, our duty towards God, and oar duty towards our neighbour. If these were taught aa they once used to be, if parents had taught their children and masters their scholars this good old- fashioned teaching, I verily believe that the troubles which press on us now through men being indifferent to the needs of each other, and to their own duty in supplying them, as well aa the shame which rests on us through so much aham Christianity -would have Been averted from our land. With this in view let mo urge again a return wherever possible to the custom of public catechizing in Church. From various circumstances it will be diffi cult to carry out such a plan in every parish. But the obvious advantage it gives in recall ing the minds of parents and other older persons present to elementary teaching, which in riper years they perhaps think superfluous, makes this practice most desir able. Not that what I say is to be taken as a Blight upon Sunday-Bchools. More and more do I see the necessity of extending these, and of making the instruction given in them more valuable. May not something more than hitherto be done by the clergy in gathering the teachers of each Bchool together weekly, and in working out with them the lessons to be imparted to the scholars 1 Iu what better manner can each parish priest accomplish his duty of forming in the mindB of the - children committed to his care that spirit of reverence, of fear towards God, and of duty towards others which it ought to be the aim of every earnest clergyman to culti vate ? Is it presumptuous of me to press on you from the experience gained as a parish priest in populous districts that there is no opportunity in one's ministry which is ao valuable for engraving on the hearts of our people true lessons of life and godliness as in the season of preparation for confirmation ? Every year as the season for it comes round it should be made a time of renewal for those who have been confirmed in past years. It is not too soon to begin the preparation at least a year before. I remember when the Archbishop of York inducted me to my first benefice he told me that once Mr. Munro, at the time of a confirmation in Leeds, pointed Dut to him three large groups of per Bon3 in Mb Church, ''These, said he, pointing to one of them, 'are the candidates to be presented today; these again are the communicants confirmed last year, and these,' pointing to a third, ''are the candidatea for next year's confirma tion.' On the principle involved in thia Btory I beseech you to act. When the time comes for rendering our solemn account before God how shall we be able to answer for our use of the precious opportunity given, ua in preparation of our candidates for confir mation ? Dear brothers, make the most of it ; it ia of pricelesa gain for our own growth in holiness. It is the time for forming and deepening in our young that personal holi ness which ia the aim of the petition. ' Thy will be done.' I have spoken, my reverend brethren, of our responsibility. After all, this is for our lives even more than for our work. It is the life of the priest more than his words or acts which form his people. They are too apt, as 1 think Massillon sayB, to reduce the great standard of religious practice to that which they see evidenced in the lives of the clergy. 'No man that warreth entangleth with the things of thia life' — the richeB, the speculations, the luxuries, the frivolities— ' that he may please Him who bath chosen him to be a soldier.' The Christian shepherd must in holiness precede his flock. Here is a model for the parish priest which Bishop Ken has drawn : — Give me the priest these graces shall possess— Of an ambassador the just address, A father's tenderness, a shepherd's care, A leader's courage which the cross can bear, A prophet's inspiration from above, A teacher's knowledge and a Saviour's love. Give me the priest, a light npon a bill, Whose rays a whole circumference can fill, Who is all that he would have others be, From wilful sin, though not from frailty, free. Or listen to another. Our late dear Dean wrote and sent me these lines in February last. They will mean much as we think of him to-day :— For by a holy voice it hath been said Their works do follow them ; they live and grow. Ihe thought of them is like a glory shed On us, who fain would catch their sacred glow. rheir voice is still ; but, kneeling where they knelt, We carry on their volume of desire, And here may feel, what our forerunners felt, , When Heaven touch'd the sin-stained lips with fire. Ihen Benedictus ! we may softly say, Blest Is the good example of the past ; Each generation lengthens the array Of men who in the fight of faith stood fast. - BUSINESS MEETING, At 3 p.m. the members of the Synod met at the Church Office in Leigh-street. The BiBhop occupied the chair as President, md the following clergymen and laymen answered to the roll:— Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, M.A., Ven. Archdeacon Dove, M.A.. 'Ven. Archdeacon Farr, LL.D., Revs, R. Beid, F. W. Merrill, F. S. Poole, M.A., Uanon Green, Canon Andrews, H. M. Pollitt, C. G. Taplin, A. Honner, A. Sells, M.A., W. H. Mudie, W. S. Moore, Canon French, M.A., S. F. T. Borrow, E. K. Miller, J. W. Owen, B.A., Canon Coombs, J. M. Donald son, J. S. Wayland, Canon Howell. Mi,, T. Wood, Canon Morse, M. A., W. J. Bussell, R. Kenny, M.A., J. Houghton, R. B. Webb, M.A., E. K. Yeatman, M.A, W. A. Camp bell, M.A., H. Howitt, R. Hayward, R. R. Taylor, R. T. Matthews, B.A., F, Richmond, F. W. Samwell, B. C. Stephenson, B.A., W. A. Swan, Walter Ward, M.A., M. M. Whitton, F. T. Whitington, LL.B., M. Williams, C. L. Beaumont, J, H. Corvan, B.A., Canon Dendy, D.D., P. R, P. Dodd, M.A., T. Field, M.A., J. C. Haynes, and A. C. Hoggins, B.A. The lay Synodsmen present were^ — Messrs. G. G. Mayo, S. Toms, W. Shakespeare, T. W. Lindow, D. Garlick, J. Barker, A. F, Browne, J. fi. Cunningham, F. J, Blades, L, G. Madley, A. A. Hamilton, F. R. White, G. E. Young, S. Dixon, J. C. Wharton, J. White, T. W. Roach, W. C. Hilton, H. C. Curtis, W. H. Ross, J. C. B. Monorieff, C. Lyons, T. Hardy, H. Willis, J. L. Simpson, K, J. E. Warburton, F. flalcomb, C. H. T. Connor, E. N. Wigg, C. E. 0. Smythe, Morgan Hawkes, G. de Mole, J. H. Wiles, T. S. Porter, A. Spence, W. S. Douglas, C. T. Hargrave, A. ColeB.G. Wigzell, W. R. Lewis, R. St. Mark Dawes, G. H. Catchlove, T. Edwards, H. Field, J. H. Thomley, C. T. Smith, H. A. Price, E. G. Blackmore, E. Lovelock, J. Lord, G. W. Hawkes, C. B. Young, H. Mildred, W. Warner, W. H. Howard, J. Bosworth, F. P. G. McCrae, J. G. Pitcher, G. Gill, J. Warren, W. Gilbert, W. B. Sells, E, L. Hamilton, G. A. Connor, C. A. Oldham, and E. Thurston. The Peesident appointed the Rev. F. T. Whitington as Reporter, the Rev. Canon Green as Clerical Secretary, and Mr. G. W. Hawkes as Lay Secretary. THE DEATH OF DEAN BUSSELL, The Rev. Canon Geeen moved— 'That the Standing Orders be suspended to allow of His LordBhip proposing a vote of condolence with the widow and family of the late lamented Dean Russell.' Mr. J. H. Thoen ley seconded. Carried. The President said that he did not wish to say much on the subject, as the resolution covered the whole ground. Indeed, he could hardly trust himself to speak, as he had already had occasion to deliver himself fully upon the mournful death of the Dean. It might be that later on more would be said, but at present it was not advisable to pro long the proceedings, seeing that many of the members of the Synod had received an invitation (an invitation which he would venture to extend to those who had not already received it) to attend at the Mayor's Parlour at the Town Hall that afternoon at 4 o'clock for a purpose which would be disclosed tothem there. The resolution was as follows :— ' The Bishop, clergy, and laity of the Church of England in Synod assembled desire to place on record their sense of the severe, the almost irreparable loss they have suffered in the sudden death of the late Dean of Adelaide, who by his generous and sym pathetic character had endeared himself to all who knew him; by his self-denying Christian life had set them a bright example of following the Master whom he served ; and by his great abilities had contributed the most valuable help in the discussions of previous Synods, and in the development of the work of the Church throughout the diocese ; and they further desire to express to Mrs. Russell and the family of the late Dean their intense sympathy with them in their peat sorrow.' Archdeacon Mabrtat in seconding, re called the part whiph the late Bean had taken in the formation of this Synod and how actively he had since worked. Dnring his life in the colony he had been not only a hard toiler in the service of his Master, but he bad suffered constantly. Within a very few years, at the beginning of his ministry, four deaths had taken place in his family. Then his own health failed, and he was not expected to survive long. They must admire the manliness and. courage with which he. took such an able part in the work of the Church to which he belonged. They all sympathized with Mrs. Russell, who had been a good wife to the late Dean and a good mother to his children. (Hear, hear.) The motion was camel nem. con. The Pbesident then moved— 'That the Synod do adjourn until 7 o'clock this evening to indicate our respect for the memory of the late Dean, and to allow of those present at tending the meeting which will be held this afternoon in the Mayor's Parlour.' . Archdeacon Marryat seconded the motion, which was agreed to. The meeting then adjourned for the pre scribed interval NEW ELECTION COMMITTEE. Canon Dehdy moved for the appointment aa Election Committee of the same gentlemen as formed the committee last year, namely :— Revs. Canon Dendy, F. S. Poole. T. Field, Messrs. G. W. Hawkes and F. P. G. McCrae. The committee met immediately. REPORT OF STANDING COMMITTEE. The Standing Committee submitted their annnal report upon the business referred to them or left incomplete by the laat Synod, and also upon other business. It was re ported thatjja lease of Robe parsonage had been prepared by the solicitors, and executed under the seal of the Synod. The alterations to fundamental provisions and regulations not fundamental made by the laat Synod has been duly filed in the Supreme Court, in obedience to Clause 2 of the Associations Incorporation Act, 1858. During the year Dr. Mayo, Major Jervois, and Mr. J. E. Dempster resigned their seats on the committee, and Messrs. E. N. Wigg, F. J. Blades, and J. Barker have been elected in their places. The _ Rev. W. A. Campbell has been appointed Curator of the Lyndoch Cemetery. A Bub- committee had been appointed to con sider the question of Synodal collections. Synod was recommended to decide that where 6ver throughout the diocese services are held at least once a month, the congregation should n-ake the annual collection in aid of the Bishop's Home Mission Society ; and that wherever throughout the Diocese services are held at least once a month, the congregation should make the annual collection in aid of missions to the heathen. A farewell address was presented on behalf of Synod to Bishop Moorhouse at a public meeting in the Town Hall on March 13, 1886. A letter from the Primate ha3 been received, announcing his intention to summon the General Synod to meet in Sydney about the end of October next, and asking that notice may be sent of any business proposed to be brought forward by the representatives of this Diocese. The following properties have been vested in Synod during the past year :— Six acres of land in the_ township of MaccleBfield, upon which ia erected St. John's, Macclesfield ; Lot 85, Salis bury, the site of St. John's Church; and lota 8 and 9, of Section 5629, Hundred of Yatala, Teatree Gully, the gift of Mr. P. D. Prankerd, as a site for a Church ; part Sec tion 819, Hundred of Yatala, Highbury, the gift of Miss Dordoy for Church purposes : and part Section 1204, Hundred of Onkapannga, the site of the Church of the Epiphany, Crafers. St. Mary's, Wallaroo, was removed from the list of Ohurcha receiving grant in aid on December 31, 1885, having received a grant for nineteen years, four yeara in excess of the ordinary period. Christ Church, Kadina, should have been removed from the list on June. SO, 1883, but, to give more time for procuring an endowment, the committee decided to continue the grant until De cember 31, 1886. St. Themas's. Port Lincoln, having Received grant-in-aid for twenty-one years, was removed from the list on De cember bl, 1885. Owing to the large increase of the number of Churches receiving grant in aid, the committee were obliged to reduce the grant by 20 per cent, for the half year ended December 31. 1885, and regret that it is improbable that the funds at their disposal will permit of the full rate being paid for- a considerable time, The grants fcr the year amounted to £619 8s. 2d., £37 15s. lid. lesa than the amount paid in the previous year. To meet them, the Lord Bishop provided the sum of £381 from the Allen Pastoral Aid Fund, and the Attorneys of the S.P.G. gave £200, and increase of £100 on their previous grants. The balance, £38 8a. 2d.,has still to be met. St. Mary's, Penola. has been endowed for a capital amount of £100 ; St. Peter's. Williamstown, for £100 ; and St. Jude's Brighton, for £100. Towards these endowments the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society contributed £180, and the three Churches £40 each, making the total £300. Applications have been received from St. Peter's Robe, for £300 ; St. Jude's, Brighton, £300 additional ; Holy Trinity, Lyndoch, £100 ; St. Mary's, Wallaroo, £100. In each case the contribu tion of 40 per cent, his been received from the Church, and the grant of the I.C.E.E.S., £600 for the year, will be nearly suffi cient to complete the whole of these en dowments before December 31, 1886, The whole of the assessments for Synodal expenses have, with the following exceptions, been paid :— (1), Church of the Holy Cross, Mount Gambier, £10 16a. 8d. ; (2), All Souls1 Church, St. Peter's, £4 3b, 4d.j (3), St, Paul's, Rhynie, £1 4s. Che Wardens of the Church of the Holy Cross objected to pay their assessment on the ground of ita excessive amount, and the committee informed them that if in Synod an appeal for the reduction of the amount were made, they felt much dis posed to support it. The payment of the assessment by St. Paul's, Rhynie, was excused by the committee. iThe committee think that the peculiar circumstances of St. Matthias's Church, Myponga, warrant them in asking Synod to exempt it from the payment of as sessment for the present. The amount received during the past year has been sufficient to meet the expenditure with the exception of £1 11b. 8d. Had all the assessments been received, and some outstanding accounts for vestry record-books, &c;, been paid, there would have been a balance in hand. The ex penditure for 1886-87 is estimated at £295. An assessment had been prepared. The rate per sitting let, or in cases where no sittinga are let, the rate for every £1 paid to the clergyman as stipend has been fixed at 7d., a reduction of 3d. on laat year's rate. This assessment will produce £314 10s. 5d., in cluding £12 10a., the amount recommended by Synod last year for payment by the Cathedral. Notwithstanding the existing depression, the amount received for the Home Mission Fund has exceeded that of the previous year by £11 13a. 8d, .: The amount received for missions to the heathen is £165 9a. 4d., only. £5 19s. 5d. less than last year ; £163 17s. 4d. has been paid to the Melanesian Mission, and £1 12s, to the DelhilMission. ??:'?':? It was resolved that the report, lie on the table. ' ? ? -? THB CUSTODY OF THE SEAH, The custodians of the Corporate Seal of the Synod reported that a record of eveiy occasion upon which the seal is affixed is made in a book kept for the purpose. That in every instance in which the document sealed was a discharge of mortgage or other voucher for money receivable they had traced the money, and had seen that they had been properly accounted for in the books of the various funds. They have also ascertained that all the other deeds and documents to which they have attached the seal has been properly dealt with, bo that the result of the investigation is perfectly satisfactory. The Pbesident remarked that Jthe report was an extremely satisfactory one, as the custodianB had been able to account for every Bingle penny which had passed through their hands for the past four years. ThiB at least was a proof that there was a desire to do cer tain business which Bank Managers had failed to do. The report was adopted. CLEBGY ANNUITY FUND REPORT. The Standing Committee presented to Synod the account of receipts and expendi ture for the nine months ending December 31, 1885, and the balance-sheet at that date, £280 7b. 7d., the amount of unexpended income on March 31, 1885, has been capi talized. A collection on behalf of this fund had been received from Christ Church, Mount Gambier, but there was one still due. The committee reported that the Cathedral had not yet forwarded a contribution this year. Since the laat report one clergyman had become a subscriber to this fund, making a total of forty-two out of seventy- one licensed in the diocese. Canon Gbeen regretted that the Cathedral authorities had not yet forwarded their con tributions this year. Last year a resolution was passed tnat this Synod respectfully urge upon the Cathedral authorities to send in their contribution. Their last report made mention that a contribution would be made, but this had really not been sent in. The President said that he had brought the matter before the Wardena at the first meeting at which he met them after that resolution had been passed, and pressed it earnestly upon them. If they had paid no money yet the omiBBion was one for which they alone must be responsible, Canon Dendy, on behalf of the Cathedral authorities, Btated that they had actually paid their aBEessment this year, and if a collection had not been made for the fund the omission was unintentional. As a matter of fact they had made collections for several special charities. They were confessedly poor, and growing to be more bo, and he felt Bure there could be no wish to see them more insolvent than they were. The report was adopted. CLEBGY WIDOW AND ORPHAN FUND. The Standing Committee presented to Synod the account of receipts and expendi ture to December 31, 1885, the balance-sheet at that date, and the fourth quinquennial balance- sheet. An Actuary's report on the state and prospects of the fund had been ob tained, It stated, that £60 annuity can be paid for the next five years, leaving a large reserve for future contributors. Thecommittee recommended that the annuities be fixed at £55 per annum for the next period of five years. Since the last report the names of three new subscribers had been added to the list. One subscriber bad died, and one had left the diocese. # There are now six annuitants, one having been added to the list durine the year. Canon Gbeen thought that every clergy man should subscribe to thia fund, not only for the sake of himself and those he might leave behind him, but for the cake of his brother clergy who might bo left destitute. He hoped that those who had not alroady subscribed would make an effort to do bo hereafter. The President Baid that at present their haarta were so full of a sad case in the Diocese that he could not help eeeinf; the need of such a fund. The late Bishop of Manchester in the course of a sermon had made a very practical remark about a similar fund, which was that every widow, who was in any way benefited by the fund should endeavour aa far as poaaible to devote a certain amount of time to work in connection with the Church, The fund that they had to administer was so small that it was im possible to expect any such work from those who were beneficiaries under this fund, as the Bishop of Manchester had suggested; but he could not help thinking that some day when the fund was larger some definite Church work would be undertaken by the widows who benefited by it. He hoped also that every clergyman in the diooeie would subscribe to it. The report was adopted. SYNODAL EXPENSES AND ASSESSMENT. In obedience to a resolution of Synod passed on May 7, 1885, the committee ap pointed to enquire into the whole question of Synodal expenses and assessment presented their report :— The committee recommendsd for immediate adoption the following system of assessment as being more equitable than the existing one :— (a) All Churches which ahall be recognised by Synod as Mission Churches shall be assessed at £1 5s. per annum, (b) The assessment of all other Churches shall be calculated upon the aggre gate of such income of the Church as is derived from— 1. Seat rents, 2. Stipend Fund. 3. Offertory. 4. Endowment.* 5. Special grants, {c) No Church shall pay less than £1 5s. per annum, (d) The assessment shall becalcalated upon the income of the year next before that for which the assessment is made. It is recommended that the requisite information for calculating the assessment be obtained by means of special return to b8 furnished by the incumbent and wardens of each Church. In the event of any Church not making this return within a specified time, the Standing Committee shall be em powered to assess such Church. The com mittee suggested that the expenditure should be decreased by the following means :— (a. ) By requiring the various diocesan institutions to pay the cost of printing their reports and accounts in the Synod report ; {b) By making a charge for copies of the annual report of the proceedings of Synod, excepting those copies issued gratuitously by direction of Synod, for copies of the Model Trust Deed, the fundamental provisions and regulations, and for such other printed documents as the Standing Committee may decide upon, It was resolved that the report lie on the table. ? THE DIOGESAN LIBEABT. Since the issue of the last Synod report several books had been added to the library. It is a matter of regret that the number of subscribers to the library rather decreases than otherwise, for the small Bum of half a guinea access is given to a class of literature, which can be obtained in no other library in Adelaide, and liberal arrangements are made for taking out and returning books to suit the convenience of country subscribers. The report was adopted. THE TRUSTEESHIP OF ST. BABNABAS'S COLLEGE, The committee appointed by the last Synod to consider the question of the acceptance of the trusteeship of St. Barnabaa'a College, re ported that part Town Acres N ob. 702 and 703, upon which St. Barnabas's College is erected, became vested in the Synod at the decease of BiBhop Short, A deed executed by the late Bishop on April 12, 1881. declared the pur poses for which the land should be held. The committee find that, with the exception of a sum of about £60, which is deposited in the Savings Bank, the Synod has not been pro vided with funds for carrying out the trusts of paying the expenses connected with the maintenance of the property. Hitherto the rates, taxes, insurance, and other necessary expenses have been met by a grant of £50 per annum from the attorneys of the S.P.G. This sum is hardly sufficient. The committee re commended that the trusteeship be accepted by the Synod, but that the attorneys in Ade laide of the Incorporated Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts be asked to accept a lease of the property, bubject to the written trusts for, say fifteen years, at the expiration of which time the circumstances may be such as to enable the Synod to execute their trusteeship. It was resolved that the report lie on the table. NORTH- ROAD CEMETERY. From the time of the appointment of a Committee of Management in 1882 to the end of last year the unexpended income has amounted to £530 2s. 8d. Of this sum £230 2s, Sd. is bearing interest in the Savings Bank, and the balance is lent to the Endow ment of Churches Fund at 6 per cent. Synod iB asked to direct the Standing Com mittee to pass £500 to the credit of a Susten tation Fund for providing for the care of the cemetery when the income derived from the Bale of leases shall have ceased, A contract has been entered into for forming and metalling the roadB in the cemetery, and the work is now approaching completion. The receipts for the year ended March 31 last, in cluding a balance of £262 from the previous year, were £800 18s. 4d. The balance re maining in Savings Bank, after all expenses were paid, waB £230 2a. 8d. The report was adopted. ELECTION COMMITTEE'S REPORT. The new Election Committee reported on applications for election since the assembling oi the Synod, and recommended that the Crafers Church Synodsman (Mr. A. G. Pen dleton) be allowed to take his Beat. Carried, ; PETITIONS. The Vestry of St. Peter's, Glenelg, peti tioned the Synod to take means to allow of their Church being more fully represented in Synod than at present. ADJOURNMENT. The ballotting for Standing Committee, Treasurers, and Auditors, and the election of representatives to the General Synod was then proceeded with, the voting papers being handed over to scrutineers, who will make their report to-day. Several notices of motion having oeen received, the Synod adjourned until this (Wednesday) afternoon at 3 o'clock, _^_____—________ 