THE NORTHERN STAR. SATURDAY MARCH 6, 1886. Local and General News. PUBLIC SCHOOL- The following has been kindly handed to us for publication :- Depart- ment of Public Instruction, Sydney, 26th February.- Sir : Adverting to your letter, dated 8th ultimo, requesting that certain im- provements may be effected to the Lismore Public School, I am directed to acquaint you that the question of carrying out the improve- ments referred to is under consideration, and will be dealt with as early as practicable.- I have, &c.;, G. Miller, pro Under Secretary, to T C. Lodge, Esq., Public School Board, Dis- trict No. 51, Lismore. TWEED RIVER.- Our correspondent writes on 2nd March :- The representative deputation which went to Sydney some time ago has not. wholly returned yet, and their mission so far as relates to the most important part of it, was a complete failure, as I predicted in my commu- nication at the time of their leaving. It is said that the illustrious and Hon. Dan was so awed in seeing a member of the deputation, who had the pleasure of his acquaintance in days gone by, when (to use the words of the Hon. Dan) the noble Samuel Priestly and the renowned Sussex street Merchant Kings gave to him a helping hand to extricate him out of the slough of poverty, into which he was plunged, and sat him on the high and dry road of distinction and honor, whereby he was enabled to run with patience, and obtained for himself the distin- guishing Victorian Cross of Honor, that he said unto him (the deputationist), I owe you a great deal, and I will do all I can for you. But I think the doing all I can was like his pretended regard for Mr. Dalley, for instead of supporting the Dalley-cum-Stuart Government, he did all he could to oust them, by joining hand in hand with the Kiama ghost. I have beard that the deputation refused to present the petition for the appointment of another Police Magistrate for the Tweed, to the great annoyance of the promoter and the few who signed it. The weather, since my last has been all that could be desired, causing the earth to bring forth abundantly. CONCERT.- Our readers will see by advertise- ment that a grand concert will be given by the : Lismore Wesleyan Choir, assisted by several friends, at the Albert Theatre, on Monday, 15th instant. Part first consists of a selection of Secular Music ; part second being that popular. Cantata, "Esther." There has been a lack of amusement of late, and no doubt, as usual, this popular choir will draw a bumper house on this occasion. LISMORE HOSPITAL.- At a committee meet- ing of the Lismore Hospital held on Tuesday evening, the 2nd instant, Mr. G. Larkin in the chair, it was resolved that tenders should at once be called for the erection of a wing to the present building, extending east. It was also resolved that a letter of thanks be placed in each of the local papers, to the members of the Lismore Band, for their kindness in giving a selection of Sacred Music on Sunday after- noon, the 21st ultimo, in aid of the institution. Notice of which will be found elsewhere. The following gentlemen were elected as a building committee for the present year:- Dr. Bern- stein, Dean Doyle, Messrs. Larkin, and McKenzie. TEACHERS.- At the recent Examination of Teachers Mr. E. Stout, studying at Lismore Public School, succeeded in gaining classification 11a, and he has since been appointed master of the Public School at Peakhurst. Miss Seller and Miss McGettigan also passed a successful, examination for small school, and the former has been appointed to the Public School at "Deraby Grass," the latter to the Public School at Mullumbimby. This makes four appoint- ments from Lismore Public School out of five successful applicants who studied there during the past year. The results of Pupil Teachers Examination is as yet unknown. LICENSING COURT.- In our report of the application for the transfer of the license held by J. Patterson, Woodburn, to W. G. Gollan it stated the application was not granted. The reason was the court had no jurisdiction, as it was within the Ballina district. BALLOONS.- At a recent meeting of the United States Military Service Institution, General Russel Thayer, of Philadelphia, presented in detail his system of independent and dependent balloons, intended particularly for use in war time. In the independent balloon the motor in a high pressure air compressor, coupled directly to a new-devised carbonic acid gas-engine and a reservoir for storing the air until sufficient pres- sure is obtained. The construction of the dependent balloon is similar to that of the inde- pendent ship except as regnrds the motive power, which is here electricity. The tract consists of two parallel wires supported on poles above the ground. The lower deck would be provided with two large wheels constructed to run on the upper side. This arrangement anchors the bal- loon on the earth, and furnishes the motive current from a dynamo at the end of the line. lt is expected that a speed of a least 20 miles an hour can be obtained. A model of the balloon and track was shown, and was operated success- fully. COURT COSTS.- At the Gundagai Police Court, Mr. Gordon, P.M., stated in Court that where solicitors, succeeded in settling a case upon a purely technical objection, he would allow them no costs at all.'' And in small debt cases, no fees would be allowed to witnesses' within a radius of three miles from the court. Mr. Gordon said the intention of the Legisla- ture when the Small Debts Act was passed was to cheapen the law, consequently under it the costs were lower than under any other Act. It was not fair, therefore, to load unfortunate, de- fendants with all manner, of costs in addition to the verdict. Parties came into court who lived in town, and even supposing they were kept on hour, which was a very usual thing, he did not see why the defendant should pay 5s or 10s, for the loss of time. It would be wrong, and his conscience would not allow him to do it. In fact, this matter of costs would have to be gone into by the bench, and for his own part con- siderably reduced all round. Mr. M. Nor- ton, J. P., was on the bench and endorsed what the police magistrate had said. UNION BANK.- The Union Bank have de- clared their annual dividend, which this year is equal to 16 per cent. This bank, which is per- haps the wealthiest in Australia, has a paid up capital of £1,500,000, and with a reserve of £980,000. Thus they are in a better position than almost any other hank to see their custo- mers over the bad times. - 'Mackay Mercury.' A PLAGUE OF CATERPILLARS.- From various parts of the district we hear that we are being visited with a plague of caterpillars. In some places they are advancing in myriads, like an army, devastating the whole country they pass over, leaving behind them a bare brown look- ing track where all before was bright and verdant. In some places they have gone through the cane, and where it was young and tender they have eaten it down to the ground, but it is gratifying to know that the cater- pillars are of sufficiently epicurean taste to refuge cane after it has attained a few weeks growth. The damage done therefore is not very great but at the same time we think it advisable that some steps should be taken to check the evil which, if not regarded might assume gigantic proportion's at a later date. It is quite possible that our present visitors might leave behind them the multitudinous germs of a future plague and thus the destruction a far as possible of the present visitors can only be regarded as a sensible precaution. Some few years ago, on a a similar occasion it was found that by digging a trench, with vertical sides, about a foot or fifteen inches deep, trap for those pests was made into which having fallen they were unable to extricate, themselves, and we think it would be worthwhile for our country friends to keep their eyes open this time.- 'Mackay Standard.' UNDER THE EARTH.- Mr. Freeman Norman informs us that in sinking a well on his farm alongside alumny Creek, lately, he discovered in a stratum of clear sharp sand, highly micaceous, and at a depth of 25 feet, a quantity of wood, apparently swamp mahogany. A portion of this is fast becoming decomposed while another portion bears evident traces of having burned at one end, but is otherwise fairly preserved. The stratum in which the deposit was found closely resembles in texture the sharp sand now being dredged from the lower depths of the dredging at present being carried on in the Clarence River. Specimens of both wood and sand can be seen at this office. 'Grafton Argus.' SHOCKING DEATH.- Adam Gordon, a dairy- man on Cattle Creek, Waterview run, 30 miles from Townsville, has reported to the police, that at about 20 minutes past 5 p.m. on Wednesday his daughter Margaret, 15, and a servant girl were sent to the creek for a bucket of water. He observed them as they stood on the brink of the stream, and at the same moment, he saw an enormous alligator approaching the girls down stream at a terrific speed. He cried out to warn them, but to late, as the monster, with a rush, advanced a few feet from the brink, and, seizing the girl, who uttered a heartrending scream, plunged like a flash of lightning back into the stream. Neither the girl nor the alligator was seen again. The horrified father ran distractedly along the bank. The servant, girl was overwhelmed with terror and remained fixed to the spot. THE MAURITIUS.- Files of Mauritius Papers to January 7, give the following account of the weather and state of the sugar market :- Since our last report the weather has continued very favourable to the plantations. In some districts, manipulation has been delayed owing to too heavy rains. But the crop will nevertheless be finished in a fortnight. On the 31st of December last, 1,199,587 bags of sugar had been received in town against 1,395,055 bags at the same date in 1884. The difference against 1885 is 195,468 bags. There has been no important business to record for Australia during the last four weeks, the prices offered being too low, less in fact than those we last reported. In presence of the favourable news received from Europe by the last mail, holders prefer waiting, hoping to have, news of higher prices prevailing in the Australian markets. Buyers for Bombay not making purchases for some days, the market become somewhat dull, but lately some sales have been made at prices enabling us to report the market as firm to-day. The demand has been good for, yellows which are now firm. THE BRITAIN OF THE SOUTH.- Mr. Freude in his now book "Oceania ; or England and her colonies, says :- I have travelled through lands where patriotism is not a sentiment to be laugh at . . where I never met a hungry man, nor saw a discontented face- where the fable of Midas is reversed ; food does not turn to gold, but the gold, with which the earth is teeming, converts itself into farms and vineyards, into flocks an herds, into crops of wild luxuriance, into cities whose recent origin is concealed and compensated by trees and flowers - where children grow who seem once more to under- stand what was meant by "Merry England." Amid the uncertainties which are gathering round us at home - a future so obscure that the wisest man will least venture to conjecture what that future will be - it is something to have soon with our own eyes that there are other Englands, besides the old one where the race is still thriving with its ancient character- istics. .... Let Fate do its worst, the family of Oceania is still growing, and will have a sovereign voice in the coming fortunes of mankind. 