ASPINOI L'S VENGEANC F. Cnarran VI. (Continued.) "'No, you don't I' she exclaimed with ex-. citement. 'You two young fellows ain't roing up to my mistrss's room. I can I tell you. Not if I know it; now then!' ` Stand on one side, girl !' cried the offic r sternly. 'Then I shapnt, man, she exclaimed, her voice becomiuig shrill. 'Oh,, I don't cars for your hig looks,- nor your big whi-kera ! I'm as strong as four such as yso, aad I'm not going to let you go prancingt up-stairs to t frighten my poor dear young lady to death - poor thing, poor thing. She do take on , a \--she's brokenu.hearted, broken.-pirited, and just like a dead thing ! -'m sure it made my heart ache to see her-and she no mother too-poor thing, poor thing. She's as white as a ghost. and hasn't the strength of a mouse, and so sad--s sat-I-I-I- ' The girl ioiaed her apron'to her erea to wipe away the tears which had cossrei-atd thickly in her eyelids Then sudolenly sihe threw down her spron. and stamping her foot, folded her arms, and said, vt hlimeut lv ' T,,.i stt ? i.ti-b her, then! Thedo-:tnr tai .,, :i ,I't --. andl von s'n't ; besidec 1 you said ju IL t.u thaot y..,o a -iitn' t in law I compell her to come here. :in -a ' 'Stanlt aside, you foolish woman,' ,x claimed the officer. authoritat veily, 'here is \- yoiur.yeo-ngmiistgrc5.' - :. The s"rva',t turned hastily and a. w Mabel. whiter than any spectre, anid nu in the i doorway. She was- enportsig herelf by I resting her hand .against tl?e doorpost, and I she did, indeed, as the w.riting-m iI had said,look br, kenespirited and Ir..k-n hearted. wretched and woe hbgone enough to move every heart there but those of MI r Skichink I and Mr Lovelace. As seeon as the former saw her, lie said, In a harsh, insolent, and dic'atorial voice ' Come here young womtnn ' A slight hectic fin-h nmoi?,t d tl. her brow, and for an instant her eye nl.i.h-d haughtily : hut it was only for an instsuit She s -med at almost the same inoment to perceive the11 policemen, and an . xpressil.n if biitt r hmni liation pas.ed over her features. .he cl- sld her eyes as though a pane of acute agony passed through her frame, but she im mediately, with a sl.w step, aslvanced to the centre of the ro ,m. where Mr .C kinchink and Mr Lovelace weie standing. Her young, beautiful coon ennice, whiter than alabaster,. and utterly w.c b-gone. seemed to have no tf.,ct Upon the gold hardened hearts of either Skinchink or his companion. They regarded her only as the offspring of an immeasurable scoundrel, and enupplsd that she was cogni ant of all her father's nefar:ons transactions, and was quite as hbad as him, perhaps worse, because she could put on an air of artless inno cence, which he might have found it difficult to do Mr Skinchink put on his glasses, and star. ing fiercely at Mabel, said, rudely 'Your name is Carwardine, eh!' She bowed, ' Answer me :' he said, sharply : ' a nod is no answer. What is your name?, 'Carwardine,' she returned, faintly. 'Christian name?' he interrogated, in the same rough manner. . Mabel,' she replied, with a slight quiver in her tone. '1 thought, sir, you would nave remembered that. if jowe had forgotten me. Youin are my godfathir!' Be uttered a kind of ,p.simodic wail as she ald this, and r. j-ined SThe Lord saw fit that I should be ensnar ed at that period of my life- that I should be charmid by a serpent. and become, a sponsor to a cockatrice. Mabel, whose lip quivered, and whn.e heart was fall to bursting, yet made an effort to preserve something like ie'f cmi t, dI 'your langua-e is uinwothlv of yon, andml n just tomes . Yun apprar to hlave overloik,.d the fact that I an still ignorant of the dreadful meanine of your pres- nee here, ac. companied by officers ' ' What I' cried Mr Skinehink, ' ignnuant of what has taken p'ace!?--loi! here's your father!' Mabel hurst into tears ands abbed 'iolent 'You are a nasty old brute!' egclaimrd the waiting-maid with hearty venom : ' c ht' ever goes to heaven will never fin you there, you wicked old man, tley won't. 'Silence!' ejaculated the supt rintenaent, sternly. 'You are only a policeman, you know,' she rejoinet' to him saucily. 't've done nothing that you can touch me for; this is a free country. and fi'ty policemen couldn't etop my tongue, if I had anything to sty and wanted to say it-ab, and 1 should say it, ti ', what, erer you might say.' _ Bro yvo, Pree-so lit,' nmttered the'coach man. under his breath, whie he seowld at the policeman ; 'let 'm have it!' 'Keep silence thiee!' c ieSi Mr Loovl:ed'. augrury. 'How dare any of you I' -ak?' SAh, that'is it, muttered theco clman. 'Come, Miss Carwuidina,' eaxrl imed Mr Lovelace, in a kind of magisterial voice. ' All this weeping and crying. I dare say, i '.-ry well and very p,o rr. and you goi throught it rxtremi ly well ; hut we are I:,. hlere to sympathiea with-vl. Ou tlhe, cl. trary. we believe that if anuy parties present are untitled to ayml;.athy, it ia MrSkinchlik aud myself.' 'The Lurd knows that.!' groaned Mr Gkinchink tursiug up the uhitbs of his a4es. You proe-ss ignormnce, Mi-a Carwardine, of what hsiu h"plpenmed, and why we, ac. companied by polic- men,came here lastnight Ih'e, and ar' here now,' continmidi Mr Love .Indeed-- ind?'di, sir, I am tunarlnainted oith its dcadful meaning,' r plied .Ma el. tear fully antd anrue-tly. * a have a faIrelio. tug that the c-use is eon.ethitig very terrihle -nay, I am sure that it is, or it wonldl not h:ve smnittn my papa down as it lhas done.' ir L,'ela e lent .his eyes upon her steadfastly, an I aei-, in a sl iw grave. eml : '-She tuirnse bsr geze upoit him with intaf; f cted surpriec, and, with touchiig einoti ;-i \- _ 'In his chendr, ?helpler.? sir, paralysrdi .'.t?-t y *hs otor h p repared ie- cto";a eit ev rei?d her hitae p- ts o • - oi rolilsel in re, aguiieii talhsir hinds, aoil mnerit. . - I ra it 1osii.'t. b exclaimed, qeickly. 'that yeIs-iiinrt know what ii:ii hecome of hit ?K. ciie crahi-ilherwhilnfsec up o him in . 'I do not nuders'and you,' lie ejaculat. l' Ponh i' almost yelled Mir Skiochisk.." D3 you mean to look us in the face and tell us that you doin'Itu kniow tlat your pecins vega lnd of a father haIs disappeared-gone, holted, evapoiatel lik- a puff of smoke though keplider? ' Maibtl looked at, himn utterly bewildered, li-n at MIr Loelncee, and finally atthe s,-rvnt'. as if beseechingeome one to tell her what was the meaning if these, to her incomet prtlrhensible olhervatiCons All true, nmiss.' sald the waiting-maid. Prctscila on peIrceim ing M ibel a eye fall upon hlier, as if entreating of - I. r an exp'anation ' M.1l-er's ione; went in tih- night-time: onl.wliei MIr i ousequ-,tial. -there, went inso his I ed-room, theri was oaly his Jack.= ii.ii-. iues, tu.- d up liklea foul for btcil iubd-' .?a, e'cc ridehl. Gone!-- hr f.tifer S l .diw:i;i I., that case. surely he could ilt / ,e be, tit illas he was supup?o-d to be, or iS lie ti-,nt.lI i thern was some .coitfort io l.tr; flen t ucil. t gone ! and without a ?s?nI tio hl.; ' npiei red incredible. ":,"". . . n, cn'i- scrt truthfulness in hier acquainted with the mysterious disap pearance of your father, you are, perhaps, aware that he has been guilty of the felon ious act of embezzlement upon an enormous scale?' She wrung her hands. 'fHow should I know it I' she gasped. SYou had, no suspicion of it?' he puarn. ed. SNo-no I-oh, no!' she answered in a tone. cf litter anguish. * I was alway led tV. belioreve that he was very wealthy * II my money ! the Lord knows it was al: ,mi;nc I' moaned Mr Skinchink. *.ly son, Mr Guy Lovelace, called here yesterday, did he note' interrogated" Mr Lovi lace Mabel's neck, face, forehead became on the instant suffused with crimson, . but the colour faded as momentarily as it had come, and her complexion assumed a more death like hue than bef, re * He did,' she murmured, almost inandib ly Dil you see h:m ?' he asked. ' I di i,' she rejoined, faintly. Andl speak witll him?' lie added. SEle rem-mbered Guy's confusion in the .sr:nmrr house, his ardent looks, his gift, a .. his passionato kiss, which seemed to hu.n on her lips now. Oh, if ho knew what had shtpp no hero siucr then-of lihe shame which was csa" down "upon her of the fright ful .ituation in whlichshewasplaced he would hurl her fr'om his thoughts, a.., forget her I Did she speak with b mn? The question pierced her heart as thougll it" hod been a hal h of t, e ho: ld by a savajge hand of more than mortal s tr.igth. -'.. Sho cor.'l not. nswer. AMr Lovelace attrilout d hthsatrnrgle which was then' ging onl wihi. iher Ire.s. to her teen sens- .-f hir humili ting p..sition. It nevcr cccurrel to i in tlhut nnything more than *n'e or.lmsnry sxprecs:ons tol politeness could have pa.."e.l betwc-sn his son and her. Still it was p.ss'l-l lthat i.uy might in her hearing, lave nli.sl;ionedl the ns:4l;r" of the hnsin.si wl'cl h .l I,;o.u.ht himi to The llollies, and lhe put t! stqu.tion to her. She h: sitaled for a lmoslent, aid then said. in a faltering s-lu- ' i reco!ict :.lr Ghey Lowrilnc mentioning to ten that an error of ancot,lllt swas the socc sios of his visit-?some m:.laks which my papia couli asd .o ,i l. oesily reaify.' SMr Skinchink groanedl. 'An error-a m ostke which he cosld easily reotify' lih nn't. red 'The Lord knows how easily I w ist I d;id ' ' Did lie say no.hing more upon that sub ject? askedl sMr Lsvelasc,. * To me !' inquired .lMah-1. ' To you,' hie respondled 'No,' the re Ilied, "emlphatical.v, ( 'o Ie continnl-d ). 