HOW THE MAJOR KEPT HIS WORD It was some years ago since the bench of magistrates in one of our Australian colonies was reinforced by the appointment of Major Hecrtor Mornington, late of the ——th Light Infantry, who, like many other persons, had been attr thq.o . w, country in the far .outh by the heapnes of its broad acres t At the t.eif Fp.Mornington's arrival thecu - _ i th rty fi?lya ed . fame of a na who hadVt :'otd t?e fantastic appellation of " Black Robin)i' wiasth ' leader of a gang, and his'nucces'fu. ,lai'ini had rendered his name the terror of all house wives, as it was secretly the wond.r aid ? delight of. i'( ~·teicivitt. labourers:; He; elemed ubiquitous; here one day and miles jiway the iext ; irresistible, too, for- all.. Qicium d.,o the bold freebooter's dermkads. ppedi4dj' i hite rthoulded his conduct accordir- to the traditions of those famous hi aa .n 61 old4in ?hosesteps he desired to ilkl ltiiattatr, rg~ttzatia for fanta4ic chivalry to women, and for a kind of cap ricious gfei4r6sit; tiand 'pricd i himself 6in never using fatally the firearms he alway s carried, and on keeping his hand unstained d.heL-. Qther idle and. unprincipled ir e I?.??apped' out-a similar programme for rhemselves since the days pf Black Robin; ha:t :generally the pequel turns out very different from their fir;st.piurpose. The lhaind .may be withheld from the stain of blood for a time. while all go Qw oiet'hly; but iwhen danger fiicken or pursuit gr~os hot, or when greed cannote .e satisfied without violence, tje crime of; theftis s oon allied to that of murder. ?Ce ieat tolwe le preniel pas qus ecoute." SBut Black Robin stood on` the brink- of that fatal rubicon of blood which he wiould surely cross somine day, ^ild thus conscious admliiation of his boldness. mingled. still with the associat ons of terror that clung to his., name. EIis exploits were - i every man:s mouth, " and his activity gave people ,,.eo4gh to talk of. . One day it was the mail g·.:ich,_ with its freight .of passengers and; treasure, had a.een attacked. E;er' .iyman beeirmulctediin his watch and purse, while the lady travellers had escaped scot, free with? reassuring words from the captain of the gang, Another day the police in prspitiof them were pursued and disarmed a 'blla~fdlts fjr: And ?,-ri--kidest- of* all-six sta wait fe.llows, in ahort black inask~s who could be no :e other than Robin's troopt? had, intruded --at a h'rvest dance,:i F' hereithey had levied blackmail on' thel murn, ':=.and with insolent audacity had spun ~auni ..ied6bm in aAarceh with the prettiest of the. Sgirls before tihey vaanished again into the .ght.and darkniss, swiftly as th.,y had come, none new whoence or whither, Everyone waiting in trembling expectation, woindering .hat.wquld happen next. WVhen the district magistrates met again on__thlirnextcourt day after this last and -ihiipudet achievement a long and an:ious debate was held as to the. measures which should be adlopta"l for capture of the gang. Much: indignation was 'expressed at the p.sillanimity of the men in general, ' and of tie,polite in-particular, by persois who hadk t:b':eik?lukj enough hitherto t~ leape anyai b.,,ypbance encytergr, with .the bnshragei . Nd one reprobated t':e'i cor4d?t ',moites f6ciblh -n t$hain the new- ;ugistratq, i ..ajor ,Yi or a"' ? , t to -CIirL'u', -tr' th~ morer expretp i t'ti us 'course of justice in the long-settled •oun?ziis; of the Qld: Xorid, was not dis .?.--poseda- -:.a'icient.fi'wances for the. _ lfilties :,tt -",ding its administration in dlj-f?ide; s9tur eey-p9pulated district. - - - \- .l.. ".-The sympathy that crime meets with in :;thi?'country is sc.mdnlous !'- he exclaimed, v,2,.ith :e hiemence. '" It is a t,)lrt arnd a disgrace -;ct the .colmmunnity., Th, Dolice, I'll1 swear, CT?- -!n . l1ewaue, *ith.th's i?glakuarc.s. r oth-y are a41 cuaSrnr ..; Itts acry"' : shame that a mgn ikke that -.sjou. thriLe in.ong.us, and ' "thaiat! r:r h eckis 'd6ad l htEa, e:eaped the ?alter. spilong.: tYes, very true," replied an older colonist, Iedly bh.utit we are doin, our best to te?I. d? feilowLs iike these are con -4tdedliy difficult to get hold of.'L •ir- ' F E~-B3OG e or ! I wish I Ihll thE chance of ?oming nace to .face with ttlhm. I'd make ¶ t'ork with i'Xter Rthobiun and his crew " "hey 'wr-e tao cross iiv path! Lord ! toi t In ?of those youn? f:1!ows -allowing the, roii-e·rs t o take th.ir partner.s from them ! hi-tg.s'tf'rx'e0 you young men maIIde of her& " '.-you fore'e etht thoey were udairund, and the.bushrira,iger caiied-' a re:olve'-a dece," -3?'S?i.d th' other nagistrate, quixti, - - :"-'2 ' nt--tut! Want of pluckL~-want of .luck ' i.ieid the iaiJr. A!l tihieves ar, cowardsc at heart. Show them a bold front, c and they will ily frpea . ..I." .. .I ~.; if?tlf heiie have a loaded pistol and-you have none" remarked another v of the party. " But we will wish you better ' iuccess than we have had hitherto, Major s tVorna,inocn and I, for one, shall be truly glad if we owe the capture of Black Robin to your co-operatii" ., - "V -t ha: ticipate i that, ati'er kis e5 with credit I came here to be worsted by a parcel '4 of consanon highway men,' was the grandilo- c ouenit r'joinder. The discussiou then.turned into a generai i Scaan'el: . and oli the meIses to be pursued, t with a view of more effectually scouring tih country and unearthing the bushrangrrs i fro-,I teir haunts of conucealmnent.. Finally, : the council of liagistrate" separated to relgain their various hoF'ie for the shadows were': :eingnh ni'nig ano sverial had a i.ncg way toi I ge.- Major Mornington's farm- lay :in at di'ffefret directciobhn any of .tih' others, ' and. i as he was riding away, one of his, brother magistrates asked: i re you not arried. Mrajor T Nr "o, sir. What for at this time of day,! ' i I should like to' lkn ' " Bu.hbrangers .aie 'abroad a,t all :hours of the day, arnd I always carry rmy' revoi er' h.r.:n Lniti ar.lne," said the-formen spalker. : " Pooh "' w s the .MIa, :is some hat eon-l temptuous ejcculatoii; f'I am iot afraid of t I Nvcert!?helss, as he'rode away from the little village.. and looked cut on the wide helm of forest stretching lawy onely and silenu ibe ore him, and rerm?mbereci how few and far- betw::ee :. c;:re 'te ni?tin dwellings'in thosee sýolhu_;ms. 11 eul "iot h but fi criCow Itr;;:te to himpi,'f th:. it :;sint hiae he,.n better had he .Lroug;l:, is r. voier ... 1 e had spoken with a touch of bravado, for, in truth, he ihad Started Lort ihome in, a hurry aud.. l-ad forlotten to take "it with hil, He carried more money with him, too. than was consis tent with prude ice, hava ing called that morn- t ing at the village banker's; but he consoled 2 hi mself with the reflection that this circuin Sstance could.ct be known to any straiger h.e might meet by the way. le rode amnex cellent horse, and. trusted .to the fleetness of his pace should 'hr encoun'ter afty suspicious1 Ilooking individual. In conilron with many i pcoiple. cf ~i~ ta',inl :he-blffteved that, call thn as-yod" wduhl Yvxttt tb~4he colonimal e-rnrm f rshrush?nr, which has quite a pleas- 1 igts9rt f syli~. sounding, or by the more downright and less euphonious Old World 1 Sname of highwaymen, all robbers must of Sneossith bv cast of one stereotyped and easily rc cng 'sisaidIc :aould '--til stout built, heavy- 1 jawed, sinister-eyed, traditional Bill Sykes tpe.... 1 was prepareie co keep a careful look-Oiut for suhch;:craeCtrs. and jf he should 1 pnerceiv1, any of that sort stealing out from behind a . tret or~reep stealthil from I unde? th¢` sheltr ofb soide widle drdopini um lbrlla ap'ildern, or liopipmgup sutdenly from .behind.a: thick tuft; of rushes, he felt sure he need but clap'spurs to" his trusty. steed in order to be borne far beyond their povworsof pursuit. It was rather ignomi nioaus;as he could naot jitt feel, ev'eny to think o.f the possibility of light after his valorous words to his aisociates; but on mature re flection lie bulcd iot but admit the truth of the axiom that had been propounded by themv viz., that a man who' does'not carry a tevol veris not on equal termsNwith hiitlzt does. Re H ai s'-not sirr r hereforei. when on iooking round he observed a horseman ap pr"oaching - from. the direction of the very township he--had just--quitted, ..and..as the stranger drew's artr .?l.febrceived the latter to be of youthful and. rather prepossessi~tg appear:Lnee Hisdress 'lhagl'dustv and travel stained, was such in- fashion and material as gentlemen wear, and ltted himl. well.. Hid nhore, a thoroughbred, bore the mariks of fatigue, but the rider sat him with an. easy. grace which rendered his. jaded condition Sless apparent than it would have bee'n iinder maniagemenit less? ".ilful. :He-rdised his hat i sighLitly to areet Maior Mornington, 'tin l"was+, passing slowly onwaxd when the latter spoke in response to hij saiut. . " You have the advantage of me, sir," he ex claiied. " I have not the pleasure, of re- t membering your face'" i He felt lonely~ or possibly he ivoula not I h've" troubled hiniself to speak to a stranoger. Put p ople who are n ewly arrived in a coun try, and are inti oduced into an entirely2fresh set of acquaintances all at once, as the 'Mtjor had. recentliy lberr, naturn'il 'find ii hard to ideillify them at first. Hie did not pos ess tl- hapy " roal" Ifadulty"- -reIecogni'ion, anl ' was therefrre ooten perplexed by the eitfsihe crdiality with whichi he was greeted by persons whose individuality. he vainly strove to recollect. Thus, it caused him_ no surprise to find that the ypung man, 'hom he did not remember ever to have seen bcl fore,.appeared to know him quite well. "No l rapliedthe stranger in a cheery voice. "' ? I i yres :you do not But I have seen you on the Bench, Mlajor Morning' tor. Our public men are easy to recognise, i you kno?-..' ; ; , . l circle of notal?b4 ap, whom everybodI I knows. HithteF'o?i t? dwelling in cromwdede c titC, wliei he was'a but; Wirtit -,'a?g, vast Sntmbler, t'atp'Ru4o,,1 consciqusness lad not, \- comne nmunch 'i thi his ? ei? ewe. ? ,n il es i to be ":teait rdan eveen thoug- it be :ht 'in ra ite~dol cirle. TIe tdeferemtial manner in alic, th' .tranger-ia? li?dre:set him 'im 'Iessed hmim avourn'a ,,-i~y ais heioTked t re cloelyat" l-ir-lkothought the companios2 hip'1 !of this young and powerftil.ihade nian :might i T ie e lIoth safer an-l more enitertainiig thian' a a loneiy ride bf som e'eig'lit i imiles through • the forest rangesto. his home. ,;-, ? e i "Wh'ch way are you" going t" he asked,' therefore, when they ladd 'c:haniged a' few SCOilmonplaces. . - "' To e ,"replied his niew acquaintance, amiinu a towiship a cupleof-miles beynud M Jor Morningtonos farni. e " "',by, that is close to miy selection," he saidi_ a tone ofsatisfaction. '" Are ou o settled there ?' -..; S "No, lam onlyy gong to yisit a B-- - !n(r, ami: th:: statio_~.f some wellthy sheep ta' iiners 'in the niglhbourhood;.) . 'I A el' r aequaitedt'-witli the various·'faniilies ti the ; " dlistrict, and thdytil know w'rm pretty well1 ' t.iuiy rdte. by nme.u Wekiive. alnhearl of ,:-wh:0ther- at least eiekh]hoiigli wedor enot1 t. know eaoh other personally, in these s4all circles-of society, yoa see,-' he added, with a pleasant slile. . "(Well, we may a? we- l .rid-e toget!r, as L we are going t he with somee condescensiont. or ie Ifet th .t he was cofiferring an honour on the young man. p " That is, if it is agreeable to you." h "M?ost happy, if miy horse can keep up with yours, sir. :Buit that is doubtful, for he ? is pretty nearly dole up, poor beast." -i " "You youtng fellows are too apt to take it ort of your cattle, and especially in this it country and cim?te," said Major Mornington, s as.he eyed .the handsome but sadlr ,jaelp:l horse of his companion, who, havini, icc,?epted ] s the --invitation, was now riding close by his g sided "I suppose you are too new-fanglecd here to r?eiembet the old adstge that bids ' a e merciful man be merciful to his Least ? '" " Mercy is a fineo-uality when you can afford it". retuirned the other, with a. light c laugh. " And ' cu?tivate it, sir, qnite as much as I can afford hut, sorry. ;as I ami for rmv poor Letst, he '?sit cirry mi on till S.oan:replace him. That is a fine one of: y-ours-:, huntrer-eh 'li :u " Yes,' answered tle Major, prmiipty, for bhe' pried himself on his knowledge of horse- c flesh, and the praise of his horse ias precisely t tie kii:i"! of flattery to which he a, a?r'nont suscel:ctile. He was soon (t'ep itn the p:di- f gleo: o· lii 'fileed, ..a 'subject in. wlhich. the id young mant evinced such intelligernt iuterest c as g ,i'ally raised him in i the other's estin:atioa . a " He is a fine horsa, thoug h I say it. Ibut I'm ne-.vr deceived in a horse-ay, nor a man e or w6mani either. I say knowledge of huia=. a na:tidr "r id of u':rse- flesh go together; M-r--- ii \- : o'lbrt.on," mid the strangre, supplv : 1i th', p_- mce f" w-hi'ch his comnpanion h:id, ro to ;cpeal, put on his feelers " I.lopl youir t discrirmirnton won't b., at fault here, sii. t Youll a?dt it all i, these colonies. We've all sorts sf characters here.:'. " Tut, tut ! Mr 1Robert Ai , the worrl is the r same all over, and I've seen i g-od bit of it 1' ere inow.. Of course, trafisportattion has been I S--bad thing for the country. I'm quite willing to admit that. But it's all past now, c ahl: llet mn'tell you, sir, if you young men a iwere to show a little lo-ore pluck we shouild soon stamip .out all this h?ckguardisn:, or I hushrangiing,or whatever you please to call it, by which your country s is ifcsted." I The other agreed with him, and the con versation'passed on to the hiishrang'ers and their latest explots? of which Mr Robertson (gave some racy particulars, which provoked y the Major's laughter ai'it-caused the time to pass quite pleasaitly.., They had left the a village and the few outlying homesteads far 1 behind, and:bar. entered the dark forest of tall monotonous eucalypti. 'NIot another s hunirian:iang was in sight, nor a sound "tas f to be heard.in the pauses of' their .onversa- f tion, except.thle rustling: of-the,, treetops or 1 the cracklincg of the dead leaves and brush- s awood under thseir horses' hoofs as they hurried r along. t " Are we on the right road `' asked the t Major. - " r do not see the track." r e OhI, it is quite right. 'I" am just cutting a -off a corner; we shall be on the track again t in anotjhlferl' aiit e." " You:seem to know the country well " the-MIajor said, a little doubtfully. P".Oh, perfectly. I am almost like a native having growni up .in these parts. I know every nook ';zui cranny among these ranges." Thus.reassured the Major rode oii beside' him, and the-younger, man kept up the con versation -with much .vivacity. -:The solitude' as inteise, the silence of nature unbroken bytby their voices. udldenly outof thit' silence a low cautious I noteroe, r.soundrn t trangely like a whistle L inu thc distance Tihe M4jor reined in his ,hqoreto-li., 1 rgs the note died away ,, ' ''I- ". ?i cried hiariply, " vwht~t thlat ? Eh? Any fea'-"f ilf.BlaCk.:q Robin and his gaug of rascals jn these parts?, It's -lonely. enough for ainything." Mlr Robertson,. who had not appeared to notice the sound, stopped, too, at his cornm pa-?on's words, and both looked intently in I the direction whence it'lihad come. Only the leaves -,rstled- gently, ii the faint breezet which sdrcir~y stirred theri. S"Pshaw !" he sasid,:unconcernedly. " It's notbhing. , curlew screaming, perhaps. You I are rint used to the wild bush sounds yet." 1.I '-could swear t' was a whistle, though !'" And the Major strainid his ey'es agaiii t se i whetiher he.oukl detect anything hunanr that mighti be moynog among the gaunt._rwh'It !tree stumps, -which stood like ghosts here nd i \- there, s.rdtrching out: their stathed and leaf-?t Sleass brinches aniorig the wa.ing fern fronds 3\. and the solemn verdure overhead, 1 Mr Robertson, perceiving his uncasnneas, .. r drew out a pistol from his breast and fired a j Srandom sh6t. ' ,-i S"There;" he cried merrily; as -he examined 'his weapon, and replaced it.- "iThit will frighten away anydanger that may be lurk ;ing in the air." ,. The:sharp report echoed through the still ness of the forest solitudes, and frmght?erld a '' flock of reat white coikatcqoS :which.-had been taking an afternobn nap on ofnebf the tall tee. tops at a ittle:'distance~ :"They" fluttereedf'their- 'wide' wiii rngk 4Iifr riing litiiad-?nandei'tflew away hLM'rridly;. :ttering shrill, agitated se?rr ree " .ing up orit'e; hdizoh,. and the wind, whiLh-r ?rld suddenly r itsen,- -was -swaying sind-rod Sins the -5rihcli 'th; ? l? I trees, whose Sdingy verdure grrew t dul &hd; dingiSe a the: Sgrey cloud mantle spiread itself oier therun, and obcnre'd:thd radiiance of the day. Tne Sscene had become singularly dreary, nad the Major felt an eeiie sensie of loneliness. Not fso hins comlaioi, whosoe spirits seem to rise a with the wind. S" Come away " he cried, 'gaily. ' There's a storm brewing. - We had : better get on. Let's see whethter;ithere'S.a cainter left in the ,jaded beasts." 7 . SSo saying,. :he . olapped l-his spurs to the horse's side, and thloy:plnnged deeper into ,the forest. :Major Mfornington did not find d the speed altogether convenient, for the ground was rough :and uneven, but was fain .e to follow his leader.- -He was not yet an ex u perienced lushtraveller, rud his pilot, the sun, having retreat'ed bhird the clouds,: he w ould have had;g-.tgr ~diliceiyty in knowing Swhat diretion to take ,had hr been alone, for r li Fa ~th;khfobt yeteapijredi and tihe tall e gr nsses annl thick ' oritibb nLnkidgropwiyf mnade p logress??mtir p lerpexig, , - f I I say.t yca nit t aw e g hosen t' orer t grou~n for- yopr r .-ufrird,- ' , Pull' I up a :it c;ii'tli you . tihi ·Fve r2t t he open." They w ere r~b-deop, m1lark dell, where pri1ckly shrubs and tall ferns grew c i!:ickly, .;d ar'n. uge of low hills shut out the d distant view--. - .. - n " Ay ! ay V" returned the other briskly, I nrid-v-ith a sudden, movement he reined inhis I horse and sprang to the ground. v " Stay !" he. said, as he looked at the . ;KMajor ; "your saddle girth is unloosed. Let i' i me fasten it for you." a With these words he' was at the head of I the horse. T he Major alighted, too, and I stood beside hiu in another minute. I " What do you mean, sir ' he asked in i some surprise. " You are mistaken. The I girths are all right." "Oh -are they r' said the younger man, s coolly, "So much the better. Then they I will not need settling." c As he spoke h looke:d up with an auda- s cious smile and s'id :- . " I am sorry to inconvenience you, Major a -for we've had a very pleasant ride together I -but I'm afraid I .'ust trouble you for 1 this h'orse of yours- mine is fairly knocked t up. "What is this sir? Have you gone sud- denly mad?" Let go the bridle of my horse this moment, sir ---do you hear?" cried the Major, when he recovered utterance after the first pause of breathless astonishment. He did- htt know what to think of his companion, t over whose countenance an extraordinary i and most bewildering change had passed in a i moment of .time. A-trange flush of wild t excitement glowed on the sunhurnt cheek, t and his eyes glittered with a light half-mnock ii g :nd Ihlf-fcrcious. ' \Was this inaddman, witih 'ihom :he had imprndently ventured his life in that lonely forest dell ' i "Let go, I tell you," he said, with -con- 1 teicding feeling of anger or alarm, " or I'll j teach you !" nd lie raised hlis riding whip c iith a inuhacing gasture. 1 "Hold !" cried the other, in a bold deter mind voice, as he spokeohe againi drew out c his revolver rnd covered the Major with it. t " Hold or you are a dead man !" i Those were;not the tpOes, nor the gestures t of madaess, but they were none the more re- c assuring. f ' "You impudent blackguard i" roared the j MJjor, too angry to consider consequences. " Don't think to use your bluster with me. Don't you know I am a magistrate I" "Yes !" said the other, with a loud laugh. f " And I.am Black .Robin, whom you are a plotting to catch, but who is too deep for a you this time. I Ha ! ha-! ha !" And the ' wild laughter rang out, -and was caught up and prolonged by the echoes ainong the hills. Moments may seem longer than hours i sometimes, and those were. bitter moments 1 for the soldier and magistrate, while he stood facing the bushranger, and the hand of the 1 latt;rlay lighltly oni the trigger, which by a single hasty movement might go off. It was not faitr that he felt, but raging anger, to i think how stupidly he had suffered himself t to be snared. Could he by a dexterous I movement seize'the arm that held the pistol, s and, dashing it to the ground, meet his treaeherous oppoient on equal terms, and close in a deadly struggle with him ?'' The other, quick as he was cunning, read 1 his thought. anticipite.d the movement. t : It is no use, MIajor, stir, and I fire. Yield, man or take the consequences. Be advised in time-life is sweet." SThe Major's arms fell sullenly to his side as he uttered a deep imprecation. The bushranger laughed again, and once more, at that very moment, a long, low, whistle: was distinctly audible in the distance, I blending strangely with the mocking life. "Don't blasphemie," he cried with saucy un concern. " '"It does no good, and I hear that' my frierird., the durlews, are not far. off. - I can bring thlier'o my side in a minute. But S1 prefer to do..things quietly. I must have your horse, you see, for I am hard up, and must help-myself; I'll haRe to trouble you,. j too, for that suit of clothes of yours; They're very nice, and mine are sadly the worse for I wear." . m What depths of humiliation may await e ven the uiave in this changeful life I - The Major looked heiplessly i-ound, but there was no possibility of escape. It was fatally true there was nothing to be done but to sub I mit or die by thatfelon's hand. It .' i. a fine thinggto die on a field of battle, * fighting for home and country, with thou-:' sands of spectatQrso_.watch our gallant deeds iand to'hanild down your name as a glorious inheritance to admiring posterity ; at- least, we tr- to thlnk so wlhen the necessity comes. But to be shot down like a dog by the hand of a commnonLrobibr, and to be left lying, -' all unhionored anrd unsung," in the lonely forest dell, to become the prey of the fierce. dingo- nd wild carrion crow !--it was a wan ton waste of life. -: ' I So Major . Mornington deemed - and \- dremed :wicely, no doufbt, under 'the circum-. stances. With deep -but impotent anger raginrg in his bruast, he was: fain,- neverthe » less to make ou'twaiid submission, whicah~ was I doubly.galling to his pride, .when he remem 3 bered his vainglorious speech of the morning. 1 Slowly and sullenly he' proceeded -to divest himself of one garmenlt ater another, while; 1 't1he bushranger, haying hung up :the horses :; a bjry th< bridl -to a-ah, ,, ttetchingub~a? ktin-', i coolyr didf the sario-never,' however, 1f6r " \- moment, relaxing his cautious' wLtcli 6? 'his 1 victim's piovements. ' ". 1.__Lybwl aLa. new suit badly," he said, cheerP' f fully, as he examined each artidTe In "turn I S" Mine was gbo'?~highii its day, but I S-have taken the shine oat o- it,andr-besides it t is a tritie to well known by this time. Don't e trouble yourself to remove the pocketbook, Major" ( detecting a dexterous but ineffectual s attempt on the part of-the latter to conceali it). " It will come in fine and handy for me !" e When -the exchangae of clothes had .been effected, and the bushranggr stood arrayed in e the Major's fresh, well-made suit, he glanced o at himself with keen satisfaction, and, nimbly :1 leaping on the other's horse, raised his hat e to him with mock courtesy : I "Good-bye !" he cried ; I must hope to \- meet you again, for I fear the meeting would e not be pleasant for.either of us ; not for me e- ceitainly. Let me hope you bear no malice. S-We -fellows-must help ourselves as we. can. r He pointed out ?the- direction the Major Ll should take in order to recover the track. e Finally, as he was riding away,-he tairhed back, as if acting on an afterthought, and4 -r dra'wing outn his revolvr,-tltrew it down 6on II - the ground whereL th,. Major stoodlspeechle's Swititfr r.ortiflat iomr- ,nd -fitile rage "There !" an? hbe.laughed a. :' 'T u can have it now, for it has done it"ts- .. " I day.' It may be useful to you in cir ; you nmee. some of my fellows by the way. A5nd I don't mind telling you now-it ~sn't loaLed I shot off the last barrel to let th e boy;s know where I was, and there i as rly a fash of povder in that, so it wouldn't hurt. Point it well and look dangerous. That anserse all t;:: lpuripose quite as well as if it were loaded, and is much less risky for the neck. Ha ! ha ! ' You impudent scoundrel-" began the irate Major. as he darted forward irnthe vain hope of arresting the bushranger. " You-" IBit the words fell on the empty air. The saucy rogue put spurs to the horse's side, and, being an agile rider and a light weight, was over the lhill top and out of sight in what seemed a moment of time. Pursuit with the jaded horse now loft to him was hopeless, and the lafled magistrate paused in his first breathless run, as he r'oa!iie-d this fact, and uttered, in a deep and angry tone, the soli tary but signilicant word : " gld !" 4 Then :he sat down ruefully to think it-all over.' It seemed almost like a dream '"the whole thinig had been ddne so quickly: The transformation of his lively ceinpatii6n itito the notorious bushbranger had been difficult to realise at first. Surprise had to somie ex tent paralysed him, and he felt horribly mortified to think how he had been doubly fooled. He looked cldown upon himself, in the dusty, soiled garments of the cunning thief, with disgust, but resolved that he would, by all means, keep the secret of his adventure from the outer world. Then, as there was nothing else to be done, he picked up the revolver, which he found to be un loaded, a.s the fellow had said, bestrode :the jauded horse, and fearing lest the storm should overtake him, made the best of his 'way home. It was dark when he arrived, and having confided his experience to the wife of his bosom, they agreed to keep the matter close. It oozed out, however, after a time, as even the most carefully kept secrets have a knack of doing; but the Major having overcome the first smart of humiliation, had the grace to join in the laugh its narration invariably pro voked. Black Robin meanwhile rode away trium phantly on the stoleii horse, and flourished for some time longer in his borrowed plum age. On quitting the Major he fell in with a party of police, who bade him stand and give an account of himself. "I'm Major Mornington," he said, boldly. The police, a fresh detachment, were not acquainted with the new magistrate's perso nal appearance, but they thought the man before them looked too young to be an officer on the retired list, and Robin, all unarmed as he was, ran imminent risk of being taken up on suspicion. Perceiving that his statement was received with evident demur, the fellow, never at a loss, saucily held out his arm, and turning down the neat white cuff of the Major's shirt sleeve, said, with a smile of superiority : ' " All right, ray men Look at the mark and satisfy yourselves." The chief of the police was convinced, and became profuse in his apologies for doubtingi the pseudo-magistrate's word. Black Robin graciously forgave him, and rode on, escaping once more through the power of chat matchless audacity which had helped him out of many a previous scrape. The sequel of his wild, lawless career was tragic, as the termination of such lives rarely fails to be. There came a day when brought to bay, he fought desperately for sheer life, and the weapon he had carried for so long for rollickiug int:m:dation was used in dead'y earnest. He was outlawed, and lived for some time like a hunted wild beast, growing more and more reckless and ferocious. Every man's hand was against him, and at length he was tracked to. his last hiding place, and in the scuffle that ensued, while he struggled to break though the line of his captors he was shot down, thus escaping the gallows, which otherwise had surely awaited him Temple Bar. 