Sporting. THE T.E.C. SpElNG MEETING. POITETH (SxKEPITECEiSEl DiX J SaTDBDAT. K0VZUBZS6. (FBOK OPS ePECIAI. CUBSSBPOSBEST.) MJEUjotrtHE, Saturday.— Th5s is the last day .of tie great Spring wmaHng' «t PleminKtbh. Sir Henry Loch, Lady Loch, with Lord and Lady Caxciiifftoii, Sir Wm. Bobioson, Admiral Tryon, and their respective staffs, arrived on the ground at a quarter to 1. Bcjlow are the results of the r&ci;&g;:— ? i . . : . The weather, despite the qdwspoar on ThniBday, has kept np gloriously fine during tehe week, and this forenoon, although somewhat jgloomy. and icloBe, it gives every pro mise ols fine day. The attendance to-day, as on each day and the profits of the V.B.C. over the Spring Races should be enormous. The arrangements throughout have been admirable, the committee having forked hard to make up for the absence of Mr. Byron Moore through severe indis position. The guiding spirit of Mir. Moore was, however, observable everywhere, «'m nothing of any im portance was done without bis 'advice and authority. Mr. Zeplin's gallant band w4s stationed on the lawn every day during the mietimr, and provided an excellent accompaniment to thte promenading. The catering was in Sir. Btralcer's Jin-TM^i^ and the thousands of ladies and gentlemen who were -served with refresh ments in his luncheon rooms had very little to complain about, -save a little unavoidable crushing. The accommo dation, particularly onCup Day, wag altogether inadequate, and before another year the committee of the V.B.C. will have to take into serious consideration the advisability of lengthening the grand stand. .The best plan would be to remove the ggJ^iiTig paddock farther round toward the river in a semi-circular direction, and extend the stand o its present limits. It is onlv fair to give Mr. J. A. Barry and his able staff of telegraphic operators every credit for their promptness and willingness to oblige, in sending through the press messages on Cup Pay. TSo less than 25,000 words were transmitted through the press telegraphic office. Mares' Frtduce Stakes, a sweep of 10 sovs 'each, h. ft. 1 bov only, if declared : the second hosso to receive 100 eovs, and the third 50 sovs oat of the stokes. 1} mile (194 subst. Mr. J. White's br o Volcano, by Chester— Etna (Hales) 1 W. Duggan's ch o Lord William, by Grand Flaneur . — Nina (Nerriker) ? , ... '2 'W. J. Clarke's br c'Menottie, by Bariiwell— Bomula (O'Brien) ? 3 Setting : 5 to 2 on Volcano, S to 1 each againct Menotti and Lord William. Menotti got away with the lead, Lord William being left badly at the post; Volcano went to the front in a few of lengths. The same order was maintained till they had reached the Abattoirs, when Lord William got on terms with Menotti, and the pair raced round neck and neck to the turn, the favorite continuing ia front without once being called upon to extend himself. Enter ing the straight Lord William drew away from Menotti, which Was hopelessly beaten from the start, and came in about three lengths behind Volcano, Menotti eight lengths away, third. Time, 2min 13£sec. The XUemingtan Stakes, a handicap sweepstakes of 5 sovs each, 1 ft, with 251; added. Second horse to receive 75 serve and the third 25 spva out of the stake. \ mile. Mr. J. B. Cooke'sbe Casuist, by His Lordship»Para . dox, 7st 21b (Samage) ... ... ... ... 1 D. Coopw's b t Ooeana, 7st 101b {Robertson) ... 2 J. WJiito#«brf Sumatra, 8st 71b (Moore) ? t J. Boise's brc Albert X.oddcii,7Bt 71b (Walker) ... t t Dead heat Betiantc : 4 to 1 against Ocean*, C to 1 Sumatra, S to 1 Aberdeen, 8 to 1 Casuist. Belouin, Yetman, and Harridan, 10 to 1 Glentworth and LiedertafeL 13 to 15 each of the others. The nag fell to a terribly straggling *tart, the field singling out like the tail of a kite. At the tan Casuist showed to the front, followed by Liedertaiel, Oceana, and Aberdeen. At the entxance to the course proper, Casuist still led.foUowedbvYetman, Albert Loddon, and Oceana. At the distance Casuist was leading Oceana a length, with Bedouin and Albert Loddon on close terms, and Aberdeen coming up in the centra. At the half distance it was evi dent that Casuist, who had been fortunate in the start, was going to win all the way, and the colt came in an easy first by a length and a half from Oceana. Sumatra and Albert Loddon ran a dead heat' for third place, about e. length behind. Nectarine was fourth, Liedertsiel fifth, Aberdeen sixth, and Citadel and Miranda last. Casuist had an advantage of quite two ltmgths iu the start, but for that the result might hare been very different. Time, 524sec. ? . The V.B.C. Handicap, a sweepstakes of 5 sovs each, lft, with 250 added. Becond horse to receive 50 eovs out of the stake, ljinile. Mr. W. £. Bojds'B d c Bnvo, by Grand Flaneur, Syrs, 6st 101b (Campbell) ? 1 M. Xioughlin'sb s Britisher, aged, Est 41b (Fallon)... 2 A. F. Smart's ch m Brown and Bose, oyrs, 7st 1Mb (Googh) ... ... ... ... ... 3 Betting : Even against Brown and Bose, 4 to 1 each Britisher and Moate Christo, 5 to 1 Einemaster, 6 to 1 Claptrap, 7 to 1 Pirst Prince, 8 1 to Grace Darling, 10 to 1 each Sardius, Bravo, und Hoteor, 12 to Z0 to 1 others. Brown and Bose vas the first to get away after a good start, followed by Britisher and Claptrap. At the distance Brown and Boss tras joined by Bingmaster and Clap trap, the field being veil together and close up. Passing the stand, Teliov? Hammer ran to the front, with First Prince next, followed by Bingmaster, Brown and Bose, Sardius, Bravo, and Impulse, all being in close order, with Monte Christo last. Yellow Hammer led round the bend with Jungmasrar ciutto ua uw quarter, iuiu jsruwn auu Bose, Impulse. Bravo, and Sardius, on intimate terms. At the river Yellow Hammer etill maintained the lead, with Bingmaster, Brown and Boee, and First Prince so close behindthat a blanket might have covered the lot. At this point Impulse made a run and deprived fellow Hammer of Ms lead, the other horses ?mninfjimTig- their relative positions. At the far side Yellow Hammer fell back beaten. Impulse led from First Prince, Grace Barling, Bingmaster, Bravo, and Brown and Bose. At the Abattoirs Grace Darling forced the running and took the lead from Brown and Bose. The rest of' the field kept .their places. At- the sheds Grace Darling had placed half a length between herself and First Prince, which had ran np to Impulse, with Lesbia next, and Jffonte Christo coming up fast. Grace Darling whs first into the straight running, but before the distance pest was reached she was passed by Brayq and Brown and. Bose. Then the green colors of Britisher showed conspicuous. A great finish ensued, which ended in a length and a half win for Bravo from Britisher, Brown and. Bcse firiiahing a halt length away from Britisher third. Claptrap was fourth; Bingmaster fifth, First Prince sixth, whila Meteor and Yellow Hammer shared the honors of bringing up tha rear. Time, Smin 7Jsec. Free Handicap, a handicap sweepstakes of 5 eovs each, 1 ft., with ISO added. 1 mile and a furlong.. Mr S. Martin's b fr Hogmanay, aged, 7st 12lb (Hales) ... 1 B. W. Ellis's ch h Lord. Wilton, 6yrs, 8st 101b (Camp bell) ... ? 2 J. D. Bobertson's b t The Hun, 3yrs, Sst 21b (Fiddes) t S. G. Cook's ch h Bemus, 4yrs, 7st 121b (Dalton) ... t ? t Dead heat. Betting : 3 to 1 each against [Lord Wilton and Kitawa, 6 to 1 each The Nun and Pocahoiitas, 7 to 1 The Ghost, 10 to 1 others. ' ? ' Directly after the start Daystar was the first to show in front, followed by William Teil and The Nun. At the bridge Daystar was still leading, closely followed by Lord Wilton. The same order was continued round the course until the straight was entered, when Hogmanay came up and finished a length in front of Lord Wilton, Tho Nun, two lengths behind, third; MIddlemarch. fourth, William Tell fifth, and Bingmaster a bad last. 