A Carnival pf Australian Song. (The Poet speaks-From the River Plains.) THE skies are filled vvilh sweep of birds, With wind of flowers and breath of God ; Great ribs of silver undergird The shifting sand and stretch of rod ; The plover pipes along the shore, The buzzard rises stately still, Like ship at sail : the breezes fill The House of Life from door to door ; And in the west land, silent, strange, Lieth the lonely Barrier Range. Stand still, and listen with your head Held up to see that you may read The songs and silences ! The Dead Of other days will give no heed ; They sit with sphinx-like folded eyes, Forgetful in their lonely graves ; The perfumed sandal softly waves Its hands as in a sad surprise, That men should come to break their rest, And set their limits East and West. (From the West Land.) We ride before the clouds of sand That rise in curtains of the air, A dreary waste on either hand And signs and tokens of de- spair ; Sometimes a lonely rail-girt grave, Where never flowers fell or grew, Start up to tell us that the few Fought on to death and dying gave A pathway through the track- less ways, That men should keep always, always. Reclaimed from places where they fell, The strong, great - hearted pioneers Of Progress sleep ; and it is well With them ; their hopes, their cares, their fears Are passed ; we gather the largesse Of all their striving, and we tread Where their brave feet marched on ahead, To find them in the wilderness, Their graves ; for us, a promised land, As in the hollow of God's hand. No monumental thing can turn The tide to honor or to fame, No brazen slab or gilded urn Can shape the structure of a name. No need for such to grace their deeds, Their strong worth stands like chiselled stone ; Sturt, Burke, and Wills live on alone As saviours to their country's needs- . They gave their lion-hearted lives For common good-to God's archives. How many children of mischance Have buried all their sorrows here ! How many a fever barbed lance Has followed in the wake of fear, To drive misfortune's refugees Like deer 'mong passes of the hills, To nameless ways, to nameless ills, Perchance at last to bended knees ! And slipping from the wrath of man Have passed the last Great Barbican. (From the East Land.) Here came the iron-banded ones . One hundred heavy years ago, To labor at the mouth of guns, While England smiled to see them so Complacent smiles ; her duty done To those who sinned against her law : " My justice hath no taint or flaw, " I do no wrong to any o?je" - Like beasts beneath the goad they came ; Bul England beareth half the shame. Here at this fervid Christmas tide, When flowers in their wanton bloom Spread oui their subtle, sweet perfume, And birds sing at the waterside, When through the grassy fern-pranked path We idle through a sultry day, And drink the joy that summer hath Some thoughts will rise of what has been, Of lawless law, judicial sin. A rabbit or a loaf of bread, To keep starvation back a day, The price of some poor varlet's head, And shame for him and his alway ; Children that yet had scarcely quit The haven of their mother's breast Were driven white-faced with the rest To penal shame : while not a whit Abated rancour 'gainst their fault : They had forsooth no family vault ! Their crest, perhaps, a brush or broom, Their daily task a stretch of pain, Their greatest refuge but the tomb I say, and say it yet again, That ermined shame and purple shame Dwelt then,"dwells now, 'mongst those who hold The place of rank and place of gold, Or bear the proudest birth or name Who make a scape-goat of the poor ' To carry guilt-stains from their door. Great England ! Greatness lies in this-r A noble strength, not noble pride ; No alien deeds, no traitor's kiss, A justice that thrones cannot hide. Is England great? The hounds of hate Pant ruthless on her changing tracks, And hard behind her sharply cracks The whip of doom, the lash of fate ; Her sins are many and her great Are those who sit beside the gate. Through all her tyranny and sneers, And strange and proud forgetfulness, Australia for a hundred years Is loyal in the wilderness ; And loves the land from whence she drew Her strongest children and her forms Of social life, ay, social storms, A nd all her valor through and through ; And when the Eastern war clouds fell She did her duty passing well. The orange blossoms scent the air, The roses flin? their oetals down. The breath of balm is everywhere, And here and there are fields of brown ; The warmth of nature's heart is here Its passion, and its lava pain ; The ever restless, peerless brain Of him who knows no other peer Than brother-man, whose daily bread Is won by honest hand or head. When from her place of pride the Queen Leaned down to honour stalwart men, Whose lives shone on like stars, I ween She did her duty wisely then. If riband parallelogram Or silver stars be count of worth, 'Tis but to shame all honest birth To pin them on the breasts of sham ; Yet, crawling sycophants have gained Some honours that their lives have stained. (The Poet to William Bede Dalley. ) He loves his Maker wisely well Who loves the earth his Maker wrought, And all of human as he ought This bursts the bands of any hell. And 1, a pilgrim, set my hand To twine a wreath of song for one Who knows his dole of work well done, By God's grace, for his native land. Strong, valiant soul ! A hero thou Of gentle deeds and noble things ; A poet's heart with silent strings, A soldier, with no soldier's vow. A statesman, who, in days long gone, Stood on the Pisgah of desire ; And, like a priest beside his pyre, Looked where the sun of promise shone, Then raised his hands in prayerful-wise For safety in the battle's stress, For courage in the wilderness, For truth-a nation's Paradise. And, turning round from East to West, . Saw fields of promise lie impearled For his Australia, in the world ; > ? And then he went and did his best. And, year by year, through bliss or bale, Through cavil, or through bitterness, Without a taint of sullenness, He held his soul as some white sail That breasts the noontide or the night, And lifts its shoulders to the wind ; He set ignoble things behind, And feared not-for his soul was white. And, England, in thy nobly born Thou hast no nobler son than this, Whose life is all that honor is. And hath no taint or touch of scorn. (A Vision of the Future ) Though the world should shake with its thousand wars, And the nations snarl at each other's heels ; And, dashing its white form 'gainst the bars, Imprisoned Freedom in languor reels ; Though the crowned heads and the sceptered hands Be lost in the mists of the rising storms, And the people chafe 'neath the sickly forms That harness them down with their iron bands There lies a land where the star- cross wheels, Where Freedom and Liberty set their seals. Lo ! Her people stand on a century's rim, And, "Watchman, what of the night ?" they cry. " Though the way of Freedom be steep and dim, Shall we climb to the golden heights or die ? Shall the many sway in an honest power, Or the few grind down, in their purple pride, The people's life ?" Through the wind and tide There cometh the cry, " Op- pressions cower, The morning cometh, the night is dead, And the- sun of our hope is overhead !" (The Squatter speaks.) Come under the shade of the willow there, And bring your pipes ; it's the coolest spot You can find on the station anywhere This heat would shrivel a Hottentot. 1 wonder what people at home would say If they could see us just now -Here, Ned, Bring out the glasses - it's Christmas day And we'll drink to the years that are spent and dead. Well, Chateau la Rose or Pommery Sac ? Here's a health to the old days, one and all, And a health to the friends that can't come back, And a double to those that have gone to the wall. It isn't the jolliest thing, I know, To take up the threads of the For they haven't all gone as we'd have them go, 'J And we haven't all followed the lead that pays. If the Darling there that goes creeping down Through its walls of clay in the land's hot heart, Could tell all the tales that its waters drown, It would make the stoniest mortal start. It isn't all peaches and cream, nor yet All gold in this land of the golden fleece ; And in getting of gold we often get The care that eats out the heart of peace ; And millions of acres of land may mean A million of worries, and sheep will die Ah, well, n'importe-here, Ned, Ned Green, Fill up these glasses / Now, friends, lift high, And drink to Christmas all over the world, In the lands of sun or the lands of snow ;, o May never the flag of our peace be furled While the winds from the uttermost limits blow ! So, well done, comrades ! What say you, then, A song or a story ? Who'll venture first ? Be it English, or Bedouin, or Saracen ; Or born of this land of heat and thirst. Ned Greville, Jack Jones, cosmopolites, come, A dash of danger-a spice of love ; A noontide march to the martial drum. Or a midnight watch with the stars above ! No one to unmuzzle his wit, or slip The leash from the throat of memory ? Why, boys, I fear you are losing your grip Of the by-gone days ! A song from me ? No, I could'nt sing if it were to save A soul from the pangs of purgatory : Still, still because it may smooth and pave The way for you, I will tell a story. Ned ! Gentlemen, watch him. Bring vie my hat, Then saddle Sorocco, ànd fetch him here. Ned's built, you see, for an acrobat, And he's brave as a lion when danger's near. Stiff in his left arm ? Yes ; and this Is just where the pith oí my story lies Saving of my life and giving of his, For he gave it, whether he lives or dies, When he carried the bullets meant for me In his brave black hide on that Christmas Day, When the demon drought of Sixty-Three Had gathered us down, and the land was grey With dust, like that from a world destroyed, And spread as a pall on this barren earth No, it wasn't a day made to be enjoyed A house of mourning, not halls of mirth. You remember Eleanor Seaforth-there It's pretty well known-the shekels won ; She gave her hand to a millionaire, And I-married the best girl under the sun. But Eleanor S. on that Christmas Day Was queen ; so I rode through the blistering morn On Sorocco, with Ned on Mustapha Bey, To her father's station, Altarathorn. For eighteen miles through the salt-bush plain We swung with a slow and steady stride, Then plunged in the rough scrub land again Where the trees were as ghosts of the trees that died. I was dreaming, I think, of my college days, And of Maudlin Tower and Darcy Doane My earliest friend-when sharp, in our ears A voice rang, "Stand there t and stand like stone ! Or master and man you toill get a call To a somewhat hotter and hazier run!'''' I knew him as soon as he spoke-Ben Hall, Bushranger, and with him that devil, Dunn. Both, armed like an overfed magazine ; Both, pitiless, cruel as tigers are ; But I snatched my pistol, and then Ned Green Rose up in his saddle, and shot like a star, On Mustapha Bey, straight out at Dunn ; And four guns cracked, and cracked again ; 1 reeled in my saddle, and felt the sun Fade out, and a cloud fall on my brain. , I awoke in a boundary rider's hut, I had none too much blood left to drive The wheels of life round, with a cut, And a hole in my head ; yet, to be alive Was enough. But how did I get there ? Well, On the back of my black fellow there Ned Green All rigid Ned ; ride over to CulverioeU And, bring me my letters ; Sorocco has been Getting older since Eighteen Sixty-three, And so have I for the matter of that. To return-when I fell from my horse, you see, Ned, struck in the shoulder, threw up the hat. So they took the horses and left us there But a couple of dozen yards away, They turned and fired again ; my share Of life might be easily less to-day Were it not for Ned and his big white heart: He covered me there and he took one ball In his arm, then doing the actor's part He fell as a dying man would fall. So they passed ; Ned raised me, and struggling on In the noontide heat like the mouth of hell, In the hut found refuge. I say not one White face I know would have done so well. No need to tell of the help that came ; Of his wounds, my fever, and health at last, He was valiant then, he is still the same And there is my tale from the mouldy past. And Sorocco, ah ! True, I had most forgot ; Ned tracked them and stole him again, and so You see they wasted their powder and shot, And they went at last as such villains go. But over that uttermost peak of pines, In the Land where none of us yet have been ; If they deal out justice on human lines There will be good quarters for Ned-Ned Green. {The Stockrider speaks). I ride to the tramp and shuffle of hoofs Away to the wild waste land, I can see the sun on the station roofs, And a stretch of the shifting sand ; The forest of horns is a shaking sea, Where white waves tumble and pass ; The cockatoo screams in the mulgah tree, And the adder-head gleams in the grass. The clouds swing up from beyond the hills And valance the face of the sky, And the Spirit of Winds creeps up and fills The plains with a plaintive cry ; A boundary-rider on lonely beat Creeps round the horizon's rim ; He has little to do, and plenty to eat, And the world is a blank to him. His friends are his pipe, and dog, and tea His wants, they are soon supplied ; And his mind, like the weeping myall tree, May droop on his weary ride ; But he lives his life in his quiet way, Forgetting-perhaps forgot Till another rider will come some day, And he will have ridden, God wot ! To the Wider Plains wich the measureless bounds ; And I know, if I had my choice, I would rather ride in those Pleasant Grounds, Than to sit 'neath the spell of the voice Of the sweetest seraph that you could find In all the Celestial place ; And I hope that the Father, whose haart is kind, When I speak to Him face to face, Will give me something to do up there Among all the folks that have died, That will give me freedom and change of air, If it's only to boundary ride. Rough and ready they call us, yes, And more that I won't rehearse ; But if they were living our lives, I guess They might be easily worse. A stockrider ! Thunder, I've seen some steers That are better than folks I know, Who tie silk strings round their poodles' ears, Down there in the town below. And I'd rather be rubbing the nose of my horse, And gather his head to my breast, Out here alone with the scrub and gorse In the barren and boundless west, Than swelter and sway in the greedy crowd, That hates, and hisses, and smiles, Where the gilded fool reigns empty-browed. And the siren stretches her wiles. Why, the beasts that feed and are glutted with grass Are wiser and better by far .Than tribes of people-well let that pass ! I can neither make it, or mar. I will wheel my cattle and ride them down . To the branding, or over the plains ; Content though fortune may smile or frown A freeman that knows not chains. And I somehow think in the Great Stampede, When the world crowds up to the Bar, The unluckiest mortals will be decreed To camp on the luckiest star. (The Sundoioner speaks). Carnival's open, eh, for me ? One at a time and you takes your choice Well just hand me that billy oí tea ; Must have something; to clear the voice. Whar did I come from ? well I swar 11 come original from Maine, United States ; been through the war : Good family record-ball and chain, Ain't been the ties I calculate To bind the family loyalty, And I ain't, likewise» afraid to state On our ancestral pedigree. Level and loud, that's what we've been, And yet we aint been downright saints ; If the Addin'-up-Angel, watchin' sin, Goes on the squàr', I've no complaints. You've hearn of General Grant ? your fist ! En Hancock, Guns ! At Contreras, How he did fight ! the bullets hissed, En green wa'nt the color of the grass. . Climbed the Sierras? nothin' else One of the tramps of '49 ; Scores of Argonauts lost their pelts ; Right smart caper savin mine. up to snun and given to rove, That's the c'rrect card, don't know why, But, sir, I've always had to shove The world on, sorter on the sly. Shootin5 greasers down in Mex, Ran chin' some on the Rio Grande, Seein' other chaps lose their necks, Lookin' for gold and gettin' sand. Lumberin' up with the cold Canuck, Eatm' his pork and measley beans ; Breedin' horses in old Ken tuck Dealin' for Jacks and gettin' Queens Onsuccessful, thet's the phrase ; Kept discountin' futurity : Always settin' 'em up them days, Never knockin 'em down you see. Married ? I reckon there aint no son Of Moses in this here carnival ; Or the matter of that on any run Could show you a primer kind of gal. Tall and graceful as that bamboo ~ Growin' out there by the billabong ; Kept me straight, now, I caution you ; Couldn't know her and be goin' wrong. Prairie fires are the devil's game, Lets himself loose with the whips of hell ; Cracks the world into sheets of flame, And laughs when the herds stampede and yell; That's how I lost her one red night, Slipped from her mare in the flame-my Kate ! Thar, thar, I'm old and my eyes ain't right Watery some-lets irrigate ! Rum's my choice, or whisky straight ; Too much water is weakenin'-eh? No, no chicks, I'd only Kate ; Nothin' to live for since that-day. Came to Australia in '66 : Workin' west like the Greeks to Troy ; Place of residence hard to fix, Name on the register, Joseph Roy. Diggins? Look at this nose of mine, Raytherk what's left of it ; derned queer go Bullet snipped it in '69 T'other chap died up to Bendigo. One big ear is enough for trade. Bill Solmes thought so, anyhow ; So he went on a private shearin' raid, That turned to a glitterin' gilt edged row. Some several fingers Bill don't use, They're lying up around Burrabong ; I hev an ear which is likewise loose, And a mouth which won't hold water long. Bill isn't so chirk as he used to be, He's stiff and wantin' in business grit ; But he sticks like a burr, he does, to me, We're pardners now and the billets fit. What hev I got in my bloomin' swag ? Damper and tea and a change of air ; Gentleman Jo, that's vie, can't rag Out every day and curl his hair. We travel like Csesars ; live like lords ; Movin' out to the settin' sun I ain't quite used to pilen up words, Same as before, sir-finger of rum. Bill's outside there, like to hear him ? There ain't no bigger bullier card ; Nosiest feller in all the swim Used to clean out Koorara yard. Like to kenoodle with Bill, eh ? No ? Well, here's to you, en how d'ye do ! Best respects from Gentleman Jo, Goin' out my way-see you through ! (The Hying Bxishman speaks.) The places of gum trees are weary, The wattles are drooping and grey ; The shadows are shaking and eerie, The day is the ghost of a day. The flaming white sun, from its portals, Hurls out its long lances of wrath, And my feet have strayed far from all mortals, And drear is my desolate path. The wind blows up fetid and fervid, The sand flows and falls as the sea ; The rim of the sheer sky is girded With the brazen hard bands of To-Be. And barren and dry are the fountains, The rivers are stretches of stones ; And though there be not the dark mountains, This still is the valley of bones. My brain is a sea of fierce fire, Rimmed round with harsh ultimate shores ; Each vein is a tremulous wire, And blood oozes out from the pores. Ah ! Christ, is Thy mercy forgotten ? The gods of the old days were blind ; They hated, but Thou we'rt begotten Of woman, and art Thou not kind ? Far days of compassionate childhood, Your glamour comes over me here ; The croft, and the lanes, and the wild-wood Of England, its peace and its cheer. The lark sings out over the meadows, The clover is purpled with bloom ; The harvesters sleep in the shadows Let down in luxurious gloom. I feel you, O forms, that come to me ; T hear you, I see you, I know That though the Dark Thing shall undo me, I go as you wish me to \>o Forgiving old wrongs and forgetting The shadow that fell on my peace O, face with the fair golden setting Your love is my sorrow's surcease ! And the long years of working and roving That have passed since I folded your hand, In a close inexpressible loving, Then set my sad face from your land To the sea and Australia, and striving For gold ; they have brought me but this Broken sighs for the labour of living And a longing your fingers to kiss. Out here, with the sheep and the cattle, Long I strove for my fortune and you, And cruel and hard was the battle ; But the years with their four seasons flew, And the Maytime of life grew September, And the valor went out from me too ; I could only of all things, remember, I could only of all things, be true. I see the glad grapes by the rivers That gird a Delectable Land, The gift of the best of all givers, And I feel the soft touch of your hand, My Agnes !-the bell-birds are singing, The lark-Mit the bushman is dead ! And no bells in the churchyard are ringing The sods doxon to cover his head. Ile sleeps where the wattle is swaying In loneliness over his breast ; She waits in her pain, and is praying For one ioho has gone to his rest. Ile heeds not-the warrigals trooping, With clamour swerve off from the place ; And the night winds bloiv, silently drooping, With starbeams to fall on his face. HORATIO GILBERT PARKER. 