camiola: A GD2L WITH A FORTUNE. by Justin McCarthy, Author of 'MisB Misanthrope,' 'Maid of Athens,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] Chapter XXII. — Stooping to Coxqcer. ' Hullo, Fitzurse ! who could have expected to see you here at such a time as this ? How are you ?' Fitzurse started and trembled — positively trembled and felt his forehead bedewed with perspiration. There was Romont standing before him ; Romont whom he had believed to be far away ; and if Romont had beeu one minute, half a minute, in the room he must have seen what Fitzurse was doing-. Romont was in walking dress and carried his hat in his hand. He looked as if he had just come in. That was something of a relief to Walter's mind. So far as Fitzurse knew there was not a human creature in the house but himself and Joseph. 'Why, Romont? I didn't know that you were in London. I never thought of seeing you here tonight.' He put down the re volver quietly, stealthily. Romont observed the action. j 'No, I don't suppose you did, and I never ! thought of seeing you here. I am always j rushing about, backwards and forwards. Did j you come to see Pilgrim, or Joseph perhaps?' | ' I came— yes, I came, to see Pilgrim. I \ have something to say to him ; I nave been j writing a' letter 'to Mrs. Pollen.' j ** You didnt expect to see Joseph here, did « you.' : ? ? j /-'No, I. didn't; I thought he -was in town t with Mrs. Pollen ; it's very odd our all turning j . upin thikway,' Fitzurse said with' adesperate 1 attMript at.a laugh. : : ?'?-?? ' \ ''' '* Very odd;. abhut. the oddest: thingl have i i»Ow»foT.alonetiiBe. 'IwiUteUyouwhatI *. came for, Fitzurse, my good fellow ; there's no | mystery about it. I came to look after some j money in this very room.' j '?Some money in this very room!' Fitzurse felt as if his heart was standing stilL His throat was parched ; his lips were dry. Could it be that he was found out; found out before he had time to make any profit by his - deed? j ' Some money ; in this very room ?' be I gasped. 'What do you mean, Romont? Is I therf money of yours in this room ?' | 'No, not of mine; but of Mrs. Pollen's. { She is very unwise in leaving money about in : that sort of way. She told me that she had left it here in this thing, and I could not rest until I had gone to see that it was all right. I don't think money ought to be left about in ' that fort of way. It may be a temptation to some poor devil who otherwise might continue i to bean honest man to the end of his life. I ' Mipjjc*e it is temptation or no temptation that ; often makes all the difference between the t honest man and the thief.' ' ? ? ! 'I suppose so^-I -dare say. By-theway, I | wonder, .Romont; what this Albanian follow : was. doing in this. room?: Did Mrs. Eolten 1 know that he was 'coming here '? ? Did she send ? him for .anything?' ??-;.-, ? - ? ; \- ',-Wby,'wibat about Joseph?'.1 _? : . : \ ? 'IWefi,. somehow I .thought his. manner was . rather odd when 'I saw him here and spoke to him. He didn't seem to make it quite clear what he was doing.' . . ' Oh, he didn't seem to make it quite clear what he was doing here, didn't he ?' 'No; and he was in this room — this very room.' \- 'Where you are now?' Romont said with emphasis. ' Where you and I are now — yes. Doesn't that eeem rather odd ? What could he have wanted here?' 'Do you mean to say, Fitzarse, that you suspect Joseph of being after this money that Mrs. Pollen left here V 'Well, I don't know anything about him ; he may be a very honest man for all I can tell ; but still ? ' ' Exactly ; ' What sail de honest man do in my closet?' What is the honest man doing in Mrs. Pollen's music-room where, the money is 7 But you see, Fitzurse, that would apply to you and me, wouldn't it ?' ' 1 suppose there is some difference between you and me and a rascally Albanian ser vant ?' ' There is some difference, certainly, ' Romont eaid with slow deliberateuess, ' between Joseph and you, a very considerable difference. Between Joseph and me ; well, I am not quite so sure as to that.' For the life of him Walter could not yet tell whether Romont did or did not suspect him. He was becoming desperate ; he had a weapon near: him ; it was coming into his mind that he would have to use it. Better anything, any danger, any crime of blood, than to be found out in what he was doing. Even as the thought came up wildly, savagely in his_ mind, he felt that Romont's eye was following his every motion. While he was thinking of the revolver his hand had unconsciously moved towards it,, and he saw Romont watching him ; he could see even a faint smile of scorn on Komoiit'a face. At that moment Fitzurse felt himself a murderer in his heart. He was equal to murder now ; things had gone with him at such a rash, with such a terrible descent. Better anything than be found out in what he had been doing. Better, a thousand times better, that Janette should believe him guilty of slaying than guilty of robbery. Suppose he were to kill Romont then and there, it would be easy to invent some story of a quarrel and an assault which, if it would not save him from the law, would save him from utter shame, and would still leave it in the power of Janette ^not to despisa him utterly. To do the unhappy creature justice, he was only thinking now of what Janette would say. Ail hope for himself was gone for the moment. The look with which Romont followed the motion of his right hand was a revelation to him ; Romont knew all about his doings and knew the very thought of murder that was in his mind. If he could UU Romont and put back the monev in its place before Joseph re turned—then let fate do what she would, the worst would not be known, and Janette would not be utterly ashamed of him. The level floor seemed to rock and dance underneath him; there were strange noises whirring in his ears like the throbbing of machinery in movement ; he must do something or faint. If he were to faint all would be lost. One moment and he would have played his card of despair, but he was interrupted by Romont's voice, which uttered, with the moat perfect composure, the .wordsr^- . ' ? ' ' 'It's no use, Fitzurse, Joseph is outside. Don't' you. remember that? . And besides your . hand is shaking, you couldn't hit a haystack — I should feel perfectly safe standing here, provided only that you promised to aim at me.' 'What the devil do yon mean?' Fitzurse asked fiercely. He took away his hand from ?the weapon which it was touching. He must brazen the thing out now. TT'g courage and reason were coming back. 'Never mind what I mean; we understand each other. You are not used to this sort of thing, Fitzurse ; your impulse was absurd. Well, you talked of Joseph ; you seemed to suspect Joseph of being after this money. Now if you will just wait here a moment I'll see that Joseph does not leave the house, and then we'll search Mrs. Pollen's casket, .lknow exactly how much money was there. If a coin be missing we'll talk to Joseph about it. I'll leave you here just for a. moment or two. You understand me, Fitzurse?' Romont spoke with a stern emphasis. Yes, Fitzurse understood only^too well. A last chance was given him. ' He was iu Romont's power, and Romont knew all; but Romont would not betray him. He made good use of his moment alone. He put the money back and closed the casket once again. Romont returned a few seconds after the restoration had been accomplished. 'Joseph is all right,' he said. 'I am sure you must have wronged him, Fitzurse ; he doesn't seem hi the slightest degree confused or put out ; I daresay we shall find everything just as it ought to be. This is^Mrs. Pollen's little money-box ; the money ought to be here. Why, yes ; there it is of course ; six of these rouleaux ; safe as can be. Poor Joseph ! I am. sure, Fitzurse, you -are glad to see that the money is all. right, and that there is no charge to be made against poor Joseph. You are glad of that?'- - .-... . , .- . ' - ' Of course, I am glad,' Fitzurse said sul lenly. 'Well, I. must be going. '? 'You will not wait for Pilgrim, will you not?' ? ' ' V . ' 'No, Ithinknoti - It's getting late ; and it does not much matter whether T see him to night or not.' 'Fitzurse,' Romont said, coming up close to him and taking him by the arm, ' we under stand each other, don't we ? I know perfectly well what you came here to do, and you know that I know it. I am giving you a chance, will you go away?' Fitzurse flung himself free of Romont's hold. 'Away ! where?' ' Well, anywhere out of England ? America or Australia. ~A new country is a new career. Begin your life over again, and begin it on a better plan. So far as I am concerned, nobody shall ever know anything of this night's event. Will you promise to go ?' 'I have no money.' You know that well enough.' ' You shall have money. You can take thi3 money here to begin with. Nobody knows it is here but you and I ? ' 'And Mrs. Pollen?' ' I shall satisfy Mrs. Pollen without letting her know anything that we don't want her to know.' 'There's Joseph,' Fitzurse said doggedly. ' He knows.' ' Oh, Joseph — never mind Joseph. What I don't tell Joseph won't tell, I can promise you. Look here, Fitzurse, I wish to save you, I do indeed ; and you are on the very edge of ruin. Pull yourself together ; drop all this confounded nonsense about the Fitzurse family ; call yourself by your own name — your father's name; go into a new country, and redeem yourself — and above ' all let that poor girl alone ?' 'What poor girl?' ' Janette Liele. You couldn't surety think of allowing her to marry you now ?' Fitzurse thrust his hands deep into his pockets, and looked Romont for the first time straight in the face. ' I tell you what, Mr. Romont, this is going a little too far. Because you take it into your head to fancy something or other about me — which may be mere imagination or invention, or I don't care what — you presume to go on as if you were my master and I your slave. I'll not stand being ordered about by you; I'll not be bullied by you. I can manage my own affairs.' ' Do you really mean to say that you would make that young lady your wife after what has happened?' 'If I go to America or Australia or any where else I shall take her with me as my wife.' ' Before you leave this place,' Romont said, 'you must promise me to give up Miss Lisle or I will go at once to her father and her brother and denounce you as a thief. No ; you shan't get out of this just yet.' Romont turned to get between him and the door. Fitzurse had become half mad with rage and shame and fear — fear of exposure. He was reminded of the last desperate chance again. He clutched the revolver and fired a shot at Romont, whose back was turned to him. But it was as Romont had said — his hand was trembling, his aim was all abroad — the bullet went into the door six good inches away from its mark. Fitzurse was a good shot at a shooting match, but he had had no training for shots fired in anger. Before he could fire again Romont literally flung . himself on his assailant and seized his right . hand. ', Romont was much stronger, especially in the. wrists and arms,, and he was always quite cool' and.' collected ;'. ' his physical re sources as ?well' as his mental were 'always' '? at pall^ The very suddenness of his dash at . ^Fitzurse was the result of instant calculation and not mere instinct or impulse. Fitzurse felt the revolver torn from his hand with such a sudden- wrench that it seemed to him* as if his wrist and every one of his fingers must have been dislocated by the strain. Then Romont flung him away, and he staggered back against the wall. He recovered himself and looked wildly round the room for any manner of weapon. Romont understood him. ' No use now,' Romont coolly said. ' You are covered by the revolver, don't you see? I have been out West a good deal, and I am used to this sort of thing. For you, Fitzarse —or whatever your name is — I must say that you don't seem any better hand at murder than you are at robbery.' Fitzurse flung himself down into a chair and covered his face with his hands. 'You can do as you like,' he said, without looking up. ' Shoot me if you will, I don't care — now.' And the unfortunate young man whom the rapid and hideous descent of a few short hours had brought so deep down into unforeseen crime burst into mere hysterical weeping. Suddenly he looked up; and with a face distorted by tears and agony, he said, in a choking yoice-T' '111 'do anything ; 111 promise anything— if only — if only you. won'ttel^ M^ss Lisle?' : Romont put' the revolver carelessly on a . -table, 'He kne w there .was - no further need to -- be on his guard against Fitzurse. He quite understood, now the man he had to deal with. Fitzurse was only the half-insane victim of his own vanity and ambition; he was neither a deliberate thief nor a determined^bravo. ' I give you my word of honor ; I swear to you, Fitzurse, that I will.never tell any human being of anything that has happened here be tween us ; if only you will promise to give up that girl. I am just as willing and just as anxious to save you as I was before, and I don't believe that you are wholly lost ; no, not a bit of it. I will be your friend even yet, if you will allow me. You will let that girl alone !' 'What can I say to her? How can I get out of it ? She likes me ; she is fond of me, she is indeed. What shall I say to her ? We were to have gone off together to-night or to-morrow morning.' 'By Jove!' exclaimed Romont; 'I have been only just in time.' ' Giving her up I give up everything; what dpi care about my life any more ? No ; I can't give her up— I won't give her up.' 'My good fellow, don't you see that you must give her up '—don't you see that after what has happened I must interfere and tell her father and her brother, if you don't pro mise me? I shall have to call in Pilgrim and Joseph ; yes, and Joseph ; and to send for the police and give you into custody on a charge of attempted robbery and murder. Joseph saw you take out the gold; he was watch ing you all the time. I know how you put it back, and I ' can prove at tempt at murder. You will spend this evening in prison, and will probably only come out of prison to go into penal servi tude. These are the bard realities of your position. You must see that Miss Lisle is not likely to marry a convicted felon. That is one side of the case. Now look at the other. I offer you freedom ; my absolute silence about all this, and a full chance to you to redeem yourself and start a new and a decent career in some other country. You shall have money and every fair chance. I don't suppose a strict moralist would approve of what I am doing, but I don't mind. I think that with all your vanity;1 and your nonsense you have some riod in you still ; and moralist or no moralist give you another chance. Will you take it ? Come.' ' What can I say to her ? What shall I say to her?' the wretched young man feebly moaned. 'Well, you can say something like thi3: you can say that you know now her father and mother would never approve of the mar riage ; and yon can say you have found th.it you have not as much money or as good pros pects as you expected, and that you do not think it right to her to drag her into poverty, and exile, and a quarrel with her family all at once ; and that out of your very love for her — for I take it for granted, Fitzurse, that you do love her ; you are not bad enough to have been merely deceiving her?— out of your very love for her you think it better to go away and leave her. Write something like that, and she will understand it in the right way, and think all the more of you. Then she will re member you always in a kindly sort of way, and you will always be a hero to her — even when she has married someone whom her father and mother like, and is happy. By heavtn, Fitzurse, if I were you that is what I should do, and I should be glad to hare spared the girl from misery, and saved up for myself a kindly memory in her hea.cb for ever.' 'I suppose you are right,' Fitzurse said sul lenly. ' ' At all events you are in a position to dictate terms, and I have put myself into a position which gives you the right to dictate them. There is only one way out for me, and that is through the door you offer to open. I ought to thank you, Romont, and I do see that you have acted very generously, and I shall be better able to feel in the right way by-and-bye, perhaps; but you have knocked down my castle of cards with a pretty rough hand. You have spoilt my game just as I was on the very point of winning it — and I am afraid I can't be quite as grateful as I ought to be for your generosity in letting me off— just yet.' ' I don't mind,' said Romont. ' I am doing my best. I am thinking more about the girl than about you. You accept my terms— that is the main point.' 'I must; I have no choice. It's a little hard on me, isn't it?— that a man should lose love and ambition and everything — even Lon don — all at once — and have to be grateful for it, too.' ' I dont ask you to be grateful,' Romont Eaid sternly; 'and I don't see much opening for ambition in the way you -were going, and I am not quite certain whether you were in love with Janette Lisle or only with yourself. But I am glad you have made up your mind,' ' One word more,' Fitzurse said hastily, as he earn that Romont was about to bring the dialogue to an end. ' You won't do things by halves ; I believe that much of you ; for the few days that I shall have to prepare for going away — wherever I am to go — you will not seem to have cut me? You will not keep away -from me? That would make people suspect.' .- ; ' 'I will' behave,' said Romont, 'exactly as Jf - you; were my closest friend. I will .help you in all your preparations ; I win see' you off; I shall be among the last to shake your hand and wish you good luck as you go.' Fora moment Fitzurse - was really touched. Through the sevenfold hide of vanity and selfish- egotism, : and mean ' ambition, shallow artifice, and small cynicism, the simple man hood of Romont's nature pierced his heart. 'If I were to begin again,' he -thought, 'I should like — I should try, to be like that. Well, I am to begin again; I am to have another chance.' 'Shall we wait for Pilgrim?' Romont sud denly asked, 'he is sure to be here in good time; we can tell him that you are going away; he may have some advice to give us ; he knows a lot of things, Pilgrim does.' ' No, I don't want to see Pilgrim,' Walter said hastily. ' I don't want Pilgrim to have anything to do with my affairs.' ' We wouldn't tell him anything except just that you were determined to go abroad some where.' ' I don't want Pilgrim,' Walter repeated. He was afraid that Pilgrim would bring up the story of Vinnie Lammas, which Walter was not anxious to be reminded of just then. He little appreciated the chivalrous forbearance of Pilgrim. Even to Romont Pilgrim had not told Vinnie's story except in the most rapid outline, and he had said no more about iitzurse than that he was not so fond of the girl lately as he had been. What Pilgrim did not know of his own knowledge he never would tell as a fact. j Rom6nt agreed that Pilgrim should not be taken into confidence. He understood the compact with Fitzurse to be complete, and that was what he was anxious about. There wa3 no talk of writing or signing anything. Walter left Fitzurse House at midnight, having with him more of the gold than he had himself taken out of Mrs. Pollen's treasure casket in the first instance, and having given Romont his promise to meet him at 5 o'clock the follow ing afternoon at Romont's lodgings. Fitzurse passed out of the music room into the night.* He turned for a moment and looked back upon the house he was leaving. He must have felt humbled and crushed if he had ever allowed genuine feeling to live in his heart at alL But he never had done this; he had made his life a piece of acting even to him self. As he looked back on the old hall he was not an impostor with a false name, going out disgraced into exile, pledged as the sole condi tion of his safety to give up the girl who loved him. No ; he felt himself a hero of romance, the last of the proud race of Fitzurse, driven, indeed, by overmastering destiny from the Home of his ancestors, but still intrepid and self-sustained, still resolute to strive against fate, a very Fitzurso to the end. Perhaps no writer of fiction has had the courage yet to sound fully the deeps of self-deception and eelf -delusion which are to be found in certain egotistic natures. Walter left the house then, not crushed and humbled, but, on the contrary, elate and full of new purpose. There was a possibility oc curring to him which had not been thought of, certainly bad not been talked of, when he made his compact with Romont. Suppose Janette Lisle should refuse to take advantage of his self-sacrifice ? Suppose she should de clare that she preferred his love to any other j earthly consideration ? Suppose she would not J take back her freedom ? Suppose she were to I insist on being his wife? What was he to do i then ? ' Could his compact with Romont hold j under such conditions ? Could any man be ex ' pected'to insist upon renouncing the hand of ? the girl he loved, and who loved him, if 'she, resolvdd not to' be outdone in generosity and affection, were to declare that she would not be renounced? ? : There was something' comforting,' something hopeful7, in these thoughts. Suppose i Janette Lisle did then insist on being his wife, with what splendid eclat would they not go out to America together ; the young hero who had carried off the British earl's granddaughter ! In anticipation he saw the delighted society of the new world flinging open its gorgeous saloons to welcome h™ and his bride. The tempting thought came up in his mind, 'If this should happen, if Janette will not give me up, I have the 'money ; destiny itself has placed it in my hands through the hands of my enemy. We can get away.'' When Christian Pilgrim came back from his purposeless wanderings he found Romont standing on the lawn near the outer door of the music-room smoking a cigar. There was a certain look of exaltation, if not even exulta tion, on Romont's face, and when he spoke he spoke like a man in high spirits. Pilgrim was surprised to see him. still there ; but it was generally understood that no one was to be much surprised at any of the goings and comings of the principal frequenters of Fitz urse House. Romont had a letter in his hand. ... . 'Look here, Pilgrim,' he said, 'my brave companion in Humane Society competition, I paiticularly;wantthis letter taken up to the rectory at once. I would take it myself but for reatonB.' ?? 'IU. take it, ^f ? cburse,-MT. -Bmnoni?; for Mr. Lisle V ' No ; for MissSabine.' Pilgrim drew back, a little. - - ' You don't want me to see her ?'' he asked. 'No, not necessary. But I want' it to bs quite certain that she gets the letter to-night, fche won't have gone to bed yet, I should think ; but if she has you can have it given to her maid or some one, and make it clear that Miss Sabine is to get it at once. She must read it to- night. I'll wait until you come back ; I want to have some talk with you.' Pilgrim took the letter and went his way. He felt sure it was a love letter from Romont to Miss Sabine. 'Why not?' he asked him self. 'Who could help loving her — who could be a fitter lover for her?' This, however, was all the letter contained. 'Don't expect Mr. Lisle in the morning-; I bave sot see him or sent him any message. Thtre is no necessity now. I am sure'it is all light. Don't say anything to her ; she is quits safe now.' Romont did not say a word about his love. It would have been unworthy, he thought, to take such advantage of a letter which was to tell her that he had succeeded in swing her friend. He wanted her love ; but did not want to have any ray of it merely refracted from her sudden gratitude. She does love me, he thought ; I can wait. Pilgrim came back and told him he had given the letter to a servant. Miss Sabine was still up and would get it. 'I saw Walter Fitzurse in the grounds,' ha said. ' In the grounds here?' 'No ; up at the rectory. He didn't seq m« I think ; he didn't want to see me, perhaps ; but I saw him. He was behind one the trees ; perhaps he wanted to know something about vinme.' 'Ishouldn't think it was that, 'said Romont. Idon't suppose he knows anything about what happened.' 'I hope not ; I shouldn't like him to know ; it would only make him more vain than he is. He would take a pleasure in, the thought that a pretty girl had tried to drown herself oa. his account.' 'He isn't thinking about her now, I am sure,' Romont said. ' He was there anyhow.' Romont remained silent a moment, a little anxious. Then his looks cleared. ' I know. leec. Poor fellow— he has gone to take a last look ; that is what I should do if I were he. In that way I am in thorough sympathy with the goings on of the ghosts. Pilgrim ; I should like if I were a ghost to be always haunting the places where I had felt anything, happiness or not. Walter Fitzurse is doing the ghost business to-night.' In his heart Romont. felt compassion for the fallen and ruined young man, and thought the better of him because he had stolen away to haunt the spot where his lost love was hidden. A pang of generous pity went through nun. He told Pilgrim nothing more about Walter. After an hour or two of talk Romont started to walk home alone. After all the excitement of the day a Ion? lonely walk would suit him. Faint streaks of dawn were showing in the sky as he passed the Old Ferry Inn. There was an unwonted air of life and activity in the house for such an hour; there werelightsmoving about in the rooms here and there. In the river just in front of the hostelry a small steam yacht was lying. Her steam was up, and she was evidently about to start. A boat was made fast to the steps of the old inn. Romont stopped for a moment and looked at the steamer, and wondered who owned her and what she was going to do ; then glanced at the water, thought of the poor girl he had rescued from it only a fewhours ago, and went his way. He reached his home tired, proud, and on the whole happy in the thought that he had been able to do something which Camiola would be glad to hear of ; and he slept well and had sweet dreams. Chabxek XXm. — ' ALettee from ton Poos Girl.' The quiet sunshine made even the dreariest parts of Fitzurseham look glad on the morning after poor Vinnie's distracted plunge and for tunate, wpll-planned rescue. The waves that Japped the shore, now bare for a long stretch under the church-yard wall, seemed too gentle and too sunny to have harm in them for any human creature. The very chimneys of the rectory seemed asleep like the houses in Wordsworth's exquisite poem. Yet there had been some sleepless eyes in the rectory that night. There were some of the inmates of the place who had not gone to bed ; and some who, when they did go to bed, were not able to find much sleep there. Mrs. Lammas had not gone In bed at all ; she had retrained up to see after Vinnie and spare any other person the trouble of seeing after her. Two other of the ordinary inmates of the place had not gone to bed any more than Mrs. Lammas, but for different reasons. Camiola had gone to bed, but had not succeeded in getting much sleep. The capacity, however, of some girls for doing without sleep is a marvel never to be wondered at enough by mere men, and Camiola was up in the morning as -fresh as if she had been enjoying hours upon hours of unbroken slum ber. ? ? -. ' One of those whom the rectory now sheltered had at last slept well herself, although the - cause of sleeplessness to at least one other. The heroine of last night's little tragi- comedy woke about ten o'clock. Vinnie Lammas's first sensation- when she opened her eyes was one of exquisite refreshment, the consciousness of relief and rest. She had been well cared for, and wearied out by excitement and sheer physical exhaustion had slept for hours and hours. She allowed her still sleepy eyes to wander languidly with a vague curiousity around the large and handsome room, and was dimly conscious of a feeling of pleasure at finding herself in a sleeping chamber so different from that which she was in the habit of occupying. The handsome furniture, the cornices, the cur tains, the book-shelves, and the pictures — fancy, real pictures in a bedroom !— were objects of languid admiration and slowly unfolding interest. The sight, however, of these unfamiliar objects brought her before long to the recollection of the reasons why she found herself among them ; and then suddenly Vinnie turned shame-stricken in her bed, and buried her face in the bedclothes. Oh ! now she remembered it all. She saw herself again standing on the wall of the churchyard, heard ence more the cry that came from her lip;, and felt all the horror of that wild plunge and the fall which geemed to her to be down from the very sly. She felt the water giving way teneath her plunging feet that strained in gtinctively, vainly, for a foothold, atid sb.s geemed to be sinking down, down, down, for ever- And what happened after that for a long time she did not know. The sensation that now she felt most strongly was one of mere shame. She had been taken out of the water by somebody and brought here to the rectory— and oh! what a scandal and what a talk ; and who had found her and how was she brought here ? Of course it must have been a man, or men, who had pulled her out of the water — and she hardly dared to think of the humiliation of the whole event, with all its possible conditions. To be dragged out of the iiver with her clothes all soaking rags about her, and brought here to this strange grand house by strange men ; how shocking ! And if not by strange men, by men who knew her and knew of her ; how much more shocking still ! Never could she bear to look in the face of any man who had helped to pull her out of the water and bring her here. Why, why, had she tver done such_a thing ? What were her sufferings, what were any sufferings she could have had to endure, compared with the shame, and scandal, and misery of last night's wretched work ? Whilst she was thus racking heitelf on the torture-bed of repentance and utter humiliation she felt a gentle hand on her shoulder and heard her mother's voice. Vinnie hid her childlike face in her mother's bosom, and the two women had a long cry together. After this Vinnie felt a little better, and gradually could talk to her mother and tell her story, and have such of the story as she did not know told to her bit by bit. It was Mr. Romont who saved her, she was told, and she buried her head in the clothes again. She felt so much ashamed. It was Mr. Pil giim who brought her in his arms to the rectory. Mr, Pilgrim was with Mr. Romont at the time. Oh ! well, she felt relieved ; she did not so much mind dear old Mr. Pilgrim. He was always very good to her, and he was an old man, quite an old man ; it was a great relief tb find that it was he who had the carry ing of her in his arms. She could almost smile at thati Was her mamma' sure, was she quite 'sure, that it was Mr. Pilgrim who carried her? Oh, yes ; Mrs. Lammas' was 'quite sure about that. Vinnie had Mr. Pilgrim's coat wrapped about her, and Mr. Romont's, too ; and Vinnie began to redden a little again at the thought of Mr. Romont wrapping his coat about her. Then there came a gentle tapping at the door, and Miss Sabine entered. She sat by Vinnie's side, and talked to her very kindly and tenderly, not treating her as a penitent and a sinner at all, making no illusion in fact to what had happened, taking all that as for granted and only concerning herself about Vinnie's present conditior, and whether she would like to get up and what she would like to eat and drink, and making frequent appeals to Mrs. Lammas, as if that respectable woman were the greatest authority, and at the same time the closest personal friend with whom Miss Sabine could take counsel. It was all 'Don't you think so, Mrs. Lammas?' or 'As you were saying last night, Mrs. Lammas,' or ' Your mother and I were thinking Vinnie, that it would be well,' and eo forth in the same way. Vinnie was a good deal pleased in her secret heart -to find that Mr. Lisle and Lady Letiba and Mr. Georgia were not at the rectory just then. She hoped to get clear of the place before they returned. The poor little girl fancied she would ba lectured and preached at and rebuked «?!*£? tListe and. Lady- Letitia were Jihere, and flhe dreaded euch a performance. I«S-^* -Maw-Hi*- Mr* Lammas and ^^^une a tap was beard atthe flOOT. ^ ,-- * **A5i»» it's Janette ; come in, Janette, dear,' v&miola; called. But it was not Janette; it 'was only Camiola's maid ; and Camiola ap peared to be surprised and anxious about some thing, and went out of the room. Camiola had troubles enough of her own, as we have said already. Was it because of the difference between the nature of man and the nature of woman, the man more selfish, the ?woman less so, that Romont felt happy while Camiola felt unhappy? Or was it because in this instance the man's stronger and more self asserting character made him ?ee difficulties conquered where he saw difficulties at all? The bare thought that Camiola loved him was enough to make Romont elate. Full of that thought he had no place for fears or doubts. He felt sure that all would come right. Camiola saw. nothing but difficulty and renun ciation before her. : She was positively pledged to Georgie Lisle; it was almost the same thing as if she were married to 'him. How was this to be got over? ' It could not -be got over,9' she thought; there ?was nothing but misery for Romont and her unless the time should come when Romont iad unlearned his love and forgotten her, and then he. might be happy whatever her case. But somehow she doubted if each a time ?would .come. The very feeling of pride in 'Exjmonfs love which would keep swelling up in her breast every now and then she forced herself, to repress as if it were a sin. Certainly Eomont's short letter of the Sun day night had brought her great comfort. At least poor Janette was safe for the present ; cafe until her father and mother came back ; and then she hoped safe for ever. Camiola could .not guess how this had been brought about ; but Eomont said it was so, and that ?was enough. She had full faith in his power to do any thing on which he set his heart, and she felt overflowing with gratitude to him. 'Oh, Imay be grateful to him,' she said to herself, 'there cannot be anything wrong in tlMtJ' J '??* *« Mr. Lisle and Lady Letitia were to return this evening. Camiola expected to see Georgie earlier in the day. She was determined that she most tell Georgie the truth about herself and Eomont. It would be cruelly unfair to 'him, she told herself, to let him marry her without telling him thatshe loved another man, and that the other man knew it. If after this he was willing to marry heir — why, then she would have to marry -him. Oh! how in .her secret heart she longed to think it possible that Georgie might refuse to marry. Bat she could not think it. She was sadly in accord with Eomont in this ; Georgie was so enfeebled and cowed by his absurd love for her that he would marry her on no matter what conditions. The very conviction which she entertained was only another evidence that she neither esteemed nor loved him. ' Oh, lalmost despise him !' was the cry of her wounded heart. 'I am going to marry him, and I almost despise him.' Amid her other troubles she dreaded the coming scene with poor Georgie. Janette was late this morning ; but Janette 'was not usually a very early riser. Janette loved to nestle long in her bed, even on summer mornings.' Camiola sometimes went to call her, and going into her room found her coiled tip fast asleep long after the rest of the family bad been busy in one occupation or another. As they two had the place to them selves this morning Camiola thought die would let Janette have a more than ordinary indulgence. Still it was now nearly eleven o'clock, and that was rather too late, even for Janette. Camiola thought she would go upstairs and call the girl herself, so that Janette's extra indulgence in sleep might not be too much observed. Janette was not in her bedroom. Camiola rang for Janette's anaid. Another servant came after Camiola hsd rung more than once, and said that Miss Lisle's maid did not seem to be anywhere about. Had she seen Miss Lisle? No; she had net seen Miss Lisle that morning ; Camiola's heart sank within her. She asked no more qttestie»s, but went herself all through, the house _and over the gardens'and saw no Janette. Still it was surely quite possible that Janette might havegone out without telling her. Such a thing had never happened before that she could recollect; but it might happen without needing any special explanation. *' I must ?wait a little; she will come back in a few moments,' Camiola said.- It must have been the alarms and excitements of the night before that made Camiola so absurdly nervous. She reassured herself by saying- this. How ridiculous her fears and suspicions would seem when dear Janette came in. She was stand ing bare-headed in the sunny garden ; and she Lad Eomont's letter in her band ! She was re reading it, to encourage and satisfy herself about Janette ; for that and no other reason, no doubt ; at least she wonld not have ac knowledged to herself that there could be any * other reason. One of the servants came out of the house and came towards her; Camiola tastily folded Tip the little letter and put it into the front of her dress. ' Please, miss, the young person and her mother are going, and they would like to speak 'to yon, please.' ? -. ? - ' What young person, Sarah ;.do yoa mean iliss Lammas V ????-?-?' ' Yes, arise.' - . - . ... 'Then if you mean MissLammaS, Sarah, why den'* you say Miss Lammas?' Camiola asked, adapting to her purpose the -words of Sydney Smith concerning Moses. Sarah only muttered something about not .knowing why, and in her heart was indignant at the idea of her having to describe old Mrs. Lammas's daughter, the girl who'd been a drowning of herself, as Miss Lammas ; ' Miss' indeed ! However, she did not venture to con test the point, for Camiola with all her sweet ness and her kind heart was not by any means a young woman to stand much nonsense, j Camiola sent for Mrs, and Minn Lammas at ! once. ? j ' 'Why must you go?' 6he asked. ' I wish you could ttay until Lady Letitia came back , and Mr. Lisle ; they would both like to sea j you.' j 'Yon are very kind, miss,' Mrs. Lammas ! said, 'but we've given you ever so much j trouble ; and I think we ought to go away now ; and I have to go ; but I thought you j ?would like to hear that Vinnie is so sorry for I ?what she has been trying to do, and she savs ! she will never attempt it again; and— and, dont you, Vinnie?' j ** Ob, no, I am sure she won't,' Camiola in- I terrupted; 'I know she won't; but we must ' not worry her, Mrs. Lammas, and I wouldn't ' *ay anything more about it if I were yon. I should like Vinnie— may_ I call you Vinnie? — to stay here with me until Lady Letitia comes back ; it wfll he only this afternoon; I'm sure Lady Letitia would like to see her— and I can premise you she won't preach to you, Vinnie ; that's not her way at all, but she -is ever so' nice with girls; oh, so nice, and sweet ; I can tell you wenave often tried her patience in this house, we three girls. You would like to talk to her I know, and she would like to talk to you. Won't you stay with me ?' Now if Camiola had ended this little speech l»y simply saying 'Won't you stay?' the chances are that Vinnie would not have stayed. But there was something irresistible about the appeal ' Won't you stay with me?' There was something in the words which es tablished asistership, a companionship, and to poor Vinnie's broken spirit was unspeakably touching and winning. ' Oh, yes, ni stay-if you like,' she began, and broke down into tears, which she vainly tried to stop or to bide. ' There, there, Vinnie, dear,' her mother said soothingly, and with the alarmed air of one who thinks it highly improper lor a girl ot vinnie'fi class to cry before a grand, rich young lady. 'Then come with me, Vinnie, and well take a turn together in the garden. Very ?well, Mre. Lammas, if you must go I'll take charge of Vinnie, and she shall be sent home, too, safely in good time.' Camiola saw in a sort of instinctive way that the one great thing for Vinnie now would be to restore her to her self-respect, and to let her see that she was quite free to make a new start unharmed by anything that had hap pened. The best stratagem she saw available for that purpose was to keep Vinnie to dine -with the family that evening, and to make Georgie be very attentive to her, and to treat her just like any ordinary guest. This was not very subtle, perhaps, but it was the best Camiola could think of just then. Perhaps if Vinnie clung closely to Camiola, Camiola had in her heart a reason for being glad justthen to cling to Vinnie. The presence of /Vinnie would of necessity put off that in evitable explanation and scene with Georgie l^rhaps for another whole day ; and even that *3«Jay would be something. Camiola would cot put it off for herself or of her own accord 5 Lut if .it had to be put off because of- the presence of a stranger, then she could not help f « ding somewhat cowardly throb of gladness, t-r at least a sense of relief. The two young women walked up and down under the trees fcdirinfr of various* things. Camiola had set herself to the task of drawing Vinnie out on subjects not connected with her disappointment and her sad history; and Camiola seldom 'failed in drawing out any one man or woman whom she took in hand. 'But you must call me Camiola,'' she suddenly said. - - ' Oh, I couldn't do that,' Vinnie pleaded. ' Whv not, Vinnie? You'll have to do it ; ?why shouldn't you ? We are only two girls.' 'Yes; but I am such a poor, miserable, in significant^ ignorant little creature; and you are so clever, and so rich, and so grand, and all that — os, well, so splendid every way.' 'Nonsense ; its no merit of mine if I have money; and my people were humble people. 1 dont really quite know how my uncle got the money he left to me ; it was in trade of some sort I know, somewhere oni in South America; and oh ! bow often I wish he had never got iMofar as I am concerned!' for from some words that Romont had spoken to hex in fas passionate entreatrags of the night before Camiola bad got the idea Oat he would lam approached ha with his love declaration; Jjefpjre afehad^wfcspgaged. herself to Georgie if it 'werejMJfc foilier ?fortune, anHiiisTtnwiDing nees to seem as if he were looking oat fo£ money. , - ; ' I think it must be such happiness to have a great deal of money, Miss Sabine,:0 Vinnie signed, if she were a rich girl, her lover, she thought would never have forsaken her. ''Miss Sabine?' Vinnie 1 Mind-rCamiola.11 'Oh ! I couldn't; oh well, if you do wish it —there— Camiola,' Vinnie said, bringing ^out the soft pretty name in stammering,- pathetic, loving accents, and looking very sweet and fearful, and clinging as she spoke. . 'That's right, Vinnie,' Camiola said, kiss ing the pale cheek ; 'we shall always be good friends, you and L' The pale cheek -got a little glow of color under the kiss and the kindly words, and Vinnie felt that there could not be ever again in life for her the temptation or the despair which could make her do any thing to displease Camiola Sabine. Camiola bad never studied the way of bringing sinners to repentance ; but if poor little Vinnie's one mad burst of despair made her a sinner then most assuredly Camiola had found the way to bring her to repentance. Where is the moralist or philosopher of any kind who shall estimate for us the amount of good that might be done or evil averted by a sisterly kiss given at the right time? The day was running on, and Janette had not presented herself. Camiola was growing more and more uneasy; more and more anxious to assure herself that there could not be any ground for uneasiness. That Janette could have gone' away seemed almost impos sible, after what Camiola bad heard from Romont. That she could have gone away without a word of explanation or farewell to Camiola appeared absolutely impossible. Yet Camiola could hardly listen sometimes to what Vinnie was saying, although she would not on any account nave, seemed inattentive. She did not quite know how the subject came up, but she heard Vinnie saying — ' You see,* it is so ^'fifarnt, Miss— I mean Camiola; it is so different with poor girls brought up like me. If s no fault of my poor mother. She had to work so hard for herself and for me that shecouldnt be always looking after me; and that's the way with ever so many girls ; and so we get ways of our own, and we are women before our time. It's so different with well-brought-up young ladies— « like Miss Lisle now. They are never left to themselves ; they are always sheltered from the world, and looked after, and cared for ; and they don't follow every foolish impulse; their {yvmn is all in all to them.' And just at that moment a servant came up and put a letter into Camiola's jianfl and Camiola saw that it was in Janette Lisle's ?writing. Yes, it was from Janette, and it bore the Charing Cross post-mark ; and before she had time to open it Camiola knew only too well the news it was to tell her. This is what Janette wrote :— ' My own dearest Camiola — 'Dont be very, very angry with me. Walter and I are going to be married. We could not live without each other, and he thought it best to make bur marriage certain before we told my father and mother of our love and our re solve. Please tell them, Camiola, dear; and tell them the moment I am married I will ?write to them and explain all, and ask their pardon. I should like you to tell them this, for you can put tilings so well, and they have such confidence in you. I wish I could ask you to say you think we are right in what we are doing ; but I suppose that would be too much to ask, would it? Only I do hope that you don't.think us very wrong. I am going to be so happy with him— and he is so noble, so disinterested, so self-sacrificing; he wanted me to give him up at the last moment because he is poor and cannot prove his descent from a noble family — as if that was not just another reason why I should ding to him and love him ! You may be angry with me, Camiola, but you will understand me. 'Good-bye, dearest, for the present, With loudest love faoin your 'Janette.' * Camiola had not thought that anything could have made her very glad to see Georgie Lisle home again that day. But now as die was reading the letter she saw him coming, and she positively pin to him. 7 'Oh, Georgie, dear, I am so glad you have come ; I am so glad anybody has come. Read that letter Irom Janette. And Lady Letitia not here.' Chapter XXIV. — ' Still Thou'bt ire Daughter.' Jn all her distress and dismay Camiola could not keep from expressing some surprise at the way in which Georgie took the news. He broke outatonceinto peevish complaint over what be called Janette's selfishness. 'She thought of no one's feelings,' he exclaimed, 'but her own. Just because she happened to fall in love with this fellow, or to fancy she was in love with him she must sacrifice every body and everything to her own whim. Girls, are all like that, I do believe,' he said. _ ' Axe not men a little like that some times?' Camiola could not help ^-gTrWify hi'? with some «'i»]Jnu-jaj The emphasis was lost on him. .**Of course I didn't mean a girl like you, Camioja.' This was. true. Complaints against girls in general usually include one's asters, but it is a different thingas to one's sweetheart* 'Doesn't matter,' said Camiola senten tiously, 'The question is -now. what can be' done?' . '-. ?;; *' I don't see what we can do anyhow.. Janette doesn't give any address.' ' Not likely she would, under the circum stances.' Camiola could not keep from being somewhat curt and scornful in her answers to her lover.. Then she remembered Vinnie Lammas, who had withdrawn to a respectful distance, and was looking the living picture of embarrassment. 'Georgie, you know Miss Lammas ?' - 'How do, Miss Lammas?' was Georgie's brief tribute to the social usages. He might be excused if he found Miss Lammas a little in the way just then; and he knew nothing about the event which made her a special ob ject of interest and sympathy. It may be observed, perhaps, in passings that merely vir tuous conduct seldom makes any one much an object .of interest and sympathy. We are far from wishing to bear too harshly on poor Vinnie because of her wild attempt to drown herself, but it is certain that the mere fact of her having been the sole comfort of her mother —if she were 60 — would not have induced even our sweet, pure-hearted Camiola to take sa much trouble about her. Camiola, too, saw that Vinnie would be rather in the way just now ; .and there were peculiar and personal reasons why the deserted girl should not be a listener to any of the family discussions which were soon to set in. She turned to the girl with her frank and kindly way. 'Vinnie, something has happened here yon will have to hear all about it soon enough, I dare say, and perhaps it will show you that things don't always go quite so smoothly in houses like this ; but you would not care to be here just now, I know. You will come again. Ill walk with you to your house ; yes, I will. I wish it. TR just go and put on my hat. Georgie, I am going to walk with Miss Lam mas to her house; I shall be. back in a few minutes— there really is nothing you and I can do just now,' she said to him in a low tone ; ' we must wait until Lady Letitia comes, and the news concerns this poor girl more than you would be likely to think, perhaps — I shall manage to break it to her as we go along. It is easier for us to bear after all, Georgie, than for her.' Camiola had two motives in determining to walk with Vinnie Lammas to her home. One motive was purely unselfish ; the other, it must be owned, was selfish, not darksomely or wickedly so, but still a prompting of self. Her gocd motive was a desire to be seen walking through' Fitzureeham in open day with Vinnie Lammas. Some whisper about Vinnie's esca pade would undoubtedly get about the place, and it would be ever so much to Vinnie's ad vantage if she were to be seen, the very morn ing after the breath of scandal began to blow, walking through the streets of lltzurseham with one of the ' ladies of the rectory,' as they were called. Credulity itself would ask for further proof of scandal after that. Cynicism itself would hesitate to believe the worst of a girl who had been seen to be on friendly terms with one of the ladies of the rectory. The other motive which influenced Miss Sabine was that by going with Vinnie she might escape a tStc a-ieU with Georgie. As she' walked with Vinnie all through Fitz urseham, along highways and byways,; on central thoroughfares and 'devious tracks, go ing entirely out of the direct Toad to Vinnie's house, and making- it in fact a regular prome nade, she told Vinnie tile whole story about Janette, and got much of Vinnie's confidence in turn'. They metold' Jethro Merridew, who . took off his bat to Camiola and made her a bow of grand antique formality, and they passed many acquaintances of Vinnie's,' who stopped and looked after her amazed to see her in such company, Camiola went in and had a talk with Mrs. TiPT'T'ng,~ and left the mother and daughter in happier mood than they had known for some time.' ~, . Meanwhile Camiola could not help feeling a sort of admiration and something like awe when she thought of Janette's action. Janette, the dear' little creature whom she had always petted and fondled like a child, to have' sud- denly done this deed- of daring love, to have made herself the heroine of an adventure fit for the wildest' romance. To think' that an enterprise should'haye been undertaken in the real life of the present day such as Camiola had always believed was now regarded as too wild even for a novel ; and that little Janette should have been one of the two performers in it. . Come what would, Camiola resolved that she at least would stand by the girl who was ready to brave all for her love and her lover. Perhaps in her heart Camiola heard some faint, soon-repressed whisper ot a wish' that she, too, were away with her lover. ; When, she .returned to the house she found ' herself tanging through tile rooms vacuously, in the sort of way in which one ranges idly through the rooms which were tenanted lately by one whom me coffin has borne away never to jeturn, there any more, What was it, indeed, but a sort of burial! The young Janette, whom she had' loved rand- Cradled for years, was gone for ever. The girlish days . were o«e&. Janette bad a lover now. and a husband, and the friendships were done with. ' So, at least, Camiola felt; not wholly .un selfish perhaps. Who can be wholly unselfish at such « tintei There, are; jealousies of friendship' as irrepressible, although not so keen and bitter, as those of love ; and Camiola could not keep down the thought that Janette was lost to her. The tours at last brought Mr. Lisle and Lady Letitia. To them the «hock was at first absolutely overwhelming. It seemed incredible, impossible, that such a thing could have happened in that peaceful, well-ordered house hold. Lady Letitia set herself in her bewilder ment the useless task of hunting through all the rooms of the house to see if Janette was not somewhere there. : Even Camiola's words, even Janette's own letter, brought for a while no conviction with them. ' Oh, it couldn't bs ; it is impossible ;' was all that Lady Letitia could Bay. Janette run away from her home — from her father and mother — with Mr. Fitzurse — it was absurd. Nothing of the kind could have happened ; there mast be a mistake, or madness, or something somewhere. Even. Mr. Lisle was for a long time unable to admit the thing as a fact to his mind. After a while, when their minds began to settle hope lessly down to a recognition of the cruel truth that the girl had gone, it was curious to notice with what different expression the admission gave itself out. Georgie Lisle was merely impatient and fretful; he was angry with Janette for bringing all this confounded nuisance on them, and for coming between him and his enjoyment of his own love pro jects. Lady Letitia was inclined to be merely angry. Mr. Lisle was much more grieved and shocked than angry. He soon recovered his outward composure. ? He decided that nothing was to be done for the present ; that no search was to be made, no scandal-stirring enquiries set on foot. 'You had your suspicions, you say, Camiola?' Lady Letitia turned upon our hapless heroine. ' You guessed that this was going on; you say you did. Why on earth did you not tell me V -'I only guessed it yesterday,' poor Camiola pleaded, feeling rather guilty. ' Why didn't you teH me yesterday V ' But you weren't here.' ' You might have sent for me ; there are servants ; there are carriages ; there are hansom cabs. Why didn't you sendT' ' I had a reason. I thought I had a good reason. I felt sure that nothing would happen before you came back.' '/knew it all along,' little Alice exclaimed in triumph. 'I gave you lots of hints, mamma, but you wouldn't take them. You were only angry with me.' ' You run away, Alice, there's a good little girl,' Georgie said. ' You go play some where ; you are not particularly wanted here just now.' Alice shrugged her shoulders and did not go. 'What was your reason, Camiola,' Mr. Lisleasked, 'forthinkingnothingwouldhappen until we came back? I daresay it was a good reason. But can't you tell us what it was ?' 'Ican't— not jtist jet at least. Of course, you will hear it, but I couldn't explain it now. It was a good reason, Mr, Lisle, I was sore Janette was safe.' -v ?- ' ----- ''All these mysteries!' Lady Letitia ex claimed, impatiently. ' Everybody, it appears, knew something about, this horrible plot but just the girl's father and mother. Mb one .thought it worth while telling them anything. Well, well !' And she shrugged her shoulders in protest against all the. world. There are some very good women who can only find relief in trouble by theconvietion that someone not immediately concerned is to blame for what has happened, and might have prevented it. ' I ought to have sent for you last night, no matter bow late,' Camiola said. ' Of course I know that now. But I didn't know it then ; and you ?would not blame me if you had the same reason that I had; well, that I thought I had.' - - - 'Did you hear something — from someone?' Lady Letitiaasked. 'I did; something which made me believe Janette was safe.' — 'Did you hear it from him — from tbat man - — from the man who has carried her off ?' 'Oh, no ; not from him.' 'From Janette herself?' 'No, Lady Letitia.' 'In heaven's name, from whom then, Camiola?' ' I mustn't tell you, dear ; it does not con cern me only ; of course you will know ; very soon, I dare say ; but I can't tell you anything now.' ' Do let her alone, Letitia,' Mr. Lisle said. 'What is the use of cross-examining her? She says she had good reason, and I dare say Bhehad.' ' Thank you, deau Mr. Lisle,' Camiola said, her eyes filling with tears. All this made Georgie very unquiet and impatient. He did not like the idea of Camiola having secrets. 'Was any one here yesterday, Camiola? he asked, with trembling lips and jealous, sus pectiog eyes. ' ' ' . ' 'Lots of people were here,' little. Alice 'cried. '. ''Mr. Eomont was here late last night; and Mr. Pilgrim, and Vinnie Lammas, ' and Mrs. ' Lammas ; Vinnie Lammas was brought in drowned.' . .. . ... '*'? Drowned 1' the rector, his wife, and Georgie exclaimed m one breath, all turning bewildered eyes on Camiola. .' Oh ! she wasn't drowned, ' Camiola hastened to explain, 'She is quite Twell, I have just seen her home — she fdl into the river.' 'She_ threw herself into the river,' Alice Baid viciously. ' WeU, well ; she is not dead anyhow,' Mr. Lisle said, ' and we need not go into that just now.' It was clear to the mind of every one that the secret Camiola was keeping had some thing to do with Eomont. Georgie's cheek grew red. 'You didn't say that Romont was here, Camiola?' he stammered. 'Mr. Eomont and Mr. Pilgrim brought Vinnie,' Camiola explained. 'It was Mr. Eomont who saved her from being drowned.' ' I think the world appears to have been turning upside down yesterday while we were away,' Lady Letitia observed. 'WelLinthe meantime,' Mr. Lisle inter posed,. ' we must think about Janette.' He was beginning to weary of what appeared to \- him likely to become a purposeless wrangle, or little better. ' We have to take things as they are. We cant prevent the marriage now, ana even if we could it would be wrong for us to do. We must make the best of it, and have as little scandal as possible.' It was indeed new for Mr. Lisle to admit the possibility of scandal of any kind connected with his house hold. ' Of course when this poor child conies back to us with her husband we must welcome her — and him. We must take him as her husband.' 'Could you receive him, George?' Lady Letitia passionately exclaimed. 'Oh, I don't believe I could receive him, or even her.' In her anger Lady Letitia -thought most of the daughter's disobedience and mutiny. Mr. Lisle thought most of the beloved child's dis trust of her father and mother, and of her deceit. 'Oh, of course, you must receive her and him,'' Camiola struck in with spirit. 'Dear darling' little Janette ! It was very wrong of her, and foolish — why didn't she trust any ' one?— but what has she done tbat you shouldn't receive her ? Yes, and her husband for her sake ? He is very clever, and he is handsome and gentlemanlike, and I suppose he was afraid you would never give your consent ; and oh, they were lovers after all ! Dearest Lady Letitia, of course you wQl receive her and him; do you think I don't know you ?' 'Certainly, yes, we must receive them,' the rector said decisively ; and he knew quite well whatever his wife might say in her anger she would think with him when she allowed her heart and her judgment to take counsel together. 'We must do all we can for him ; for Janette's husband. They will be poor.' ' Janette shan't be very poor ; that's cer tain,' Camiola said. ''Not while I have any- * thing. She had been more than a sister to me, and Ishallsoon betwenty-one — and, 'please God, Janette shan't be poor — not if I know it.' She put her handkerehief to her eyes, for tears of genuine delight were filling them. At last she found that there was some good in being a girl with a fortune. The words about her coming of age were flung about with a sort of loving 'defiance at the heads of Mr. 'Lisle and \- Lady Letitia. They meant to say: 'I know ' you would try to prevent me from sharing my money' with Janette, because you are proud - and yon think she oughtto be proud, too proud to take it ; but I shall be of age soon and then* I'll do as I like, and just see if my darling , Janette will refuse a sister's gift !' . y Camiola .had to turn away ; she could not keep down her tears. „, Lady Letitia went to the girl and took hex in hers arms and kissed her. 'You dear,' darling, good girl,' she, said, all her anger melted away. 'You have been the brat of daughters to me and I love you, Camiola.' The two women ^remained clasped in each other's arms, both feeling much.' happier than they had felt a moment before. 'Nobody cares about me,' sensitive little Alice exclaimed, bursting into tears and run ning out of the room. 'Iiet everything go on as usual, Letitia,' 'Mi. Lisle said. ' We will have dinner just at the usual hour. ' Come with me, George, I want to talk to you.' - * Theyleft Lady Letitia and Camiola together, and it was not long before these two were con spiring together about the manner in which a welcome was to be given to darling Janette when she came back. 'Poor Georgie,' Lady Letitia Baid with a sigh; 'lam glad he is happyat all events. There JBoneof the family at least on whom everything smiles.'.' Camipla father heart sink within her; bat she sj^id nothing. ?' . ' ' ? ?? ... . Soon after she went into Mr.Xlde^a study. jSbe was ow^ti^lf^linv^^^beipgs,: wfifli were always' allowed to go in there. She wanted to say something more to the rector. She \ found him with feis head bent over his desk, i He did not bear her. Shewent up to him ; he had one hand over Ms eyes, and Camriola -saw that tears, actual tears, were on his cheeks. Be sure Mr. lisle was not thus moved because his daughter had married a man without money or social position. He was not thus moved, even because his daughter had married without his consent and against his will. Mr. Lisle had a magnanimous spirit and a brave independent heart. What touched him to the quick was the thought that his Janette, his darling child, whom he had loved, and indulged, and confided in since she could call him 'papa,' had shown so little trust in him that she would not even wait to ask him 'yes or no' before she chose a husband for herself. He always thought she loved and trusted him, and one day there comes a young man of whom she knew nothing and he asks her to marry him and go away with him ; and she goes, and will not even wait to ask her father for a word of approval or advice ! It was thiB thought that wounded Mr. Lisle's heart and unsealed the fountain of his tears. Camiola understood him by a kind of instinct. Yielding to another instinct she stopped down, put her arms round hia neck and kissed him. Mr. Lisle looked -up. ' Thank you, my dear,' he said, 'you are a good girl. I was very fond of }ver.' ' You will be very fond of her again ; you are very fond of her now,' Camiola said. (To be continued.) ? -♦ ? ' 