A NIHILIST GHOST. So much has been said lately regarding the spirit world, and of warnings through super natural ngenoy, that I may be accused of writing on a worn-out aubjeat. However, m Bpito of this, it may interest many to hear the following strange occurrence which happened in a well known family some years ago, and which was related to me by my friend Mr. , on tho strict condition of my suppressing names and date? should I ever wish to repeat it. I will tell yon tho story as near as possible in this gentleman's own words " Two or three months after mirriago X took my young wife down to my t)lace in the north of Sootland to spend the Ney Year, it having been a time honored cuntom in our family to do so. Though the weather was bitterly oold wo all managed to enjoy our selves, and my wife, who was th? only lauy amongst us, was in excellent spirits and the life of the party. Late in the evening of New Year's Day we gentlemen were amusing our selves in the billiard room (it must have been nearly twelve o'clock), when _ I was sur prised to hear Violet's voice calling mo from above, she having retired some time before. On going up to her room, she informed mo that she had been much astonished by hear ing the tinkle of sledge bells, and that on opening her window she had seen one quickly approaohing, drawn by a magnificent pair of black horses, and that it had pulled up im mediately under her window. It was a lovely moonlight night, so she had leant out to see if she could recognise the occupant of the eledge. As she did so ho raised his head and looked her straight in tho face, discovered he was a perfect stranger. What Violet considered most was, that on meetinglher eye, he held up his left hand and shook his head solemnly, then giving rein to his horses rapidly disappeared down tho avenue. My wife was naturally anxious to discover who this mysterious stranger could be, and had called me to see if I knew. She described him as being quite young, but with snow-white hair, pierc ing black eyes, a black moustache, and com pletely wrapped in sables. I being well ac quainted with all my neighbours far and near, felt quite certain that he was not one of them, and tho only conclusion we could come to was that he was some visitor from town who wished to astonish the natives with such a hitherto unheard-of conveyance as a sledge. I asked her if 6hc was quite sure she had not been dreaming, when she indignantly replied that sho had never felt mora wide awake in her life, having at the time been sitting up writing a mo3t import ant letter. When I related my wife's story In the billiard room, one of my convivial friends suggested that we should all sally forth In a body and search the ground for tho unfortunate beggar, who had no doubt lost his way, and would be glad to bo given a drink. We all acted on this idea with a'aority, any small excitement always being coceptable in a country house. In the mean time the weather hod completely chanced, and it had commenced to snow heavily, which accounted satisfactorily for' our not bsing able to discover traces of the sledgo. We soon got tired oi the search, agreeing that the mysterious stranger had discovered he was trespassing, and had made tho best of his way home. The next day Violet appeared rather an noyed when wo chaffed about'her melancholy visitor of the previous night, and seeing that it was not welcome wo soon dropped tho sub ject, and in fact forgot it. That evening, as we men had just decided oil separating for the night.'.ths door of the Bmokiugroom burst open, and, to my intense surprise, my wife rushed in, her dtessing gown thrown on, her hair all dishevelled, tind looking perfectly ghastly. She hardly seemed to know what she wa3 doing, and, when I enquired what on earth was the matter, sank into a chair, gasping out: "Ho has come again 1" Seeing that she was really affected, I hastened to gat her a glass of wine, and begged her to give me fall par ticnlars. It appears that she had gone to bed, and had Blept soundly until awakened by tho sound of approaching sledge belld, then starting up, had thrown on her dressing gown and rushed to tho window, where she discovered the sledge had been brought to a standstill at exactly the Bame spot as on ihs previous night. On her apper.r u.co ttie driver, lookiDg up at her steadfastly, had raised his hand and shaken his head in pre cisely the samo warning manner as before. Not waiting for more, and filled with name less terror, the poor little woman had raalwd down to me in this excited condition. We nil felt most indignant at what we began to think was a very impertinent praotical joke, and, confiding my wife to tho care of lior maid, rushed out with theintention of finding and making it- hot for the perpetrator. We ran out eagerly; the night was dear and frosty, the ground was covorod with snow, although none had fallen since the morning, and I confess that I experienced quite a shock when, on arriving beneath my wife's window, we discovered the snow was com pletely undisturbed, and there was not the faintest trace of anything having passed that way. We all returned to the house oome what subdued, and talked tho matter well over, when we came to the conclusion that there must bo something queer about th 9 affair, as it was absurd to imagine that my sensible little wife oould be the victim of any such delusion. Therefore we unanimously decided on keeping a watch in tho billiard room — which was immediately beneath Violet's room—on the following night, and wait for what might ocour. In tho mean time we had agreed not to mention the sub ject to my wife, and tho nest day, she not appearing at all inclined to introduce it, things went on much as usual. Samo time aftor she had retired for the night, wo, being fortified with sundry glasses of hot toddy, repaired to tho billiardroora to commenoo our vigil, where wo turned down tho gas and drew up the b'inds, and wero all on the qui vire for anything that might happen. The silencs wa3 becoming monoton ous, when suddenly it was broken by a pierc ing shriek, and tho sound of a heavy fall. Rushing up to my wife's room, from wlienco it had prooeeded, I found her extended on the floor in a dead faiut, still in her evening dress, with her window wide open. It whb a long time before her maid, whom I found in the room, oould restore her to consciousness, and even then she seemed almost delirious, and kept wailing out, " Why does he come? What does he mean ?" The maid afterwards informed mo that she had been requested by her mistress to remain in her room with her until her master came up, and she had stated sho did not intend un dressing until then. Her lady had Etood wrapped in a shawl for a long time at the window, and appeared to bo listening in tently for something sho cxpccted. Sud denly sho had given a violent start, and leaning out of tho window, had cxcitedly called the maid to her side, and asked her in a trembling voico whether sho could not see anything coming up tho avenue or hear the tinkle of bells. It was a still moon light night, almost as light as day, but the maid, a bright, intelligent girl, declared sho could see or hear nothing, aud had only just turned from tho window when she was horrified to eea her roi3trce3 stagger back wards and fall fainting to tho ground. Tho violent Bhock that my wife had received to her nervous syatcm resulted in a long and serious illnesF, and as Boon ao she could ba moved I took her on the continent, whero she shortly recovered her health und spirits. Wo noither of ua ever alluded to tho caut-o of licr illness, she feeling peculiarly sensitive oil the Bubject, and reeanUut; my having troats3 it as an' hallucination; '?? Though-apparently,"'.-? forgotten by.us both, 'I di<l no' oonsMcc/i#,-;:. judioiouato spend tha coming New Year in >/ Scotland, and wc therefore agreed on paying a long'promised visis to Sf. Pever-bntc-w ioto- ; ?. I had many intimate frisn ?a in I nfUcntial circles. Oa our arrival they all _v;ed with ' each other in. showing ua hospitality, my wife Vfiia immensely ndmited, and vivacity and wit rar.de he? very popnar. Just bifora . our intended departure one of leadt rs of society..-:, arranged a b.il! in our honor, to vhiah Violet looked forward". with great p!e?wuHV~ and ijir.de. most elaborate preparations. When - tho nif.ht cf this 'ate arrived, and my vifa entered the room dressed for the hail, I thought 1 had r.ov>:r seen her look p.o lovely, /, with that look of joyous amicipr.tiou on her oountenanco that a bsautiful \voaian always wears when she is sure o£ her triumphs. During our short drive to tho H-jtil our destination, aha amused ma by her almost childish anticipation ol tha coining enjoy ment. On arriving tliero she ascended the stops on my arm, still laughing and chatting gaily, bat just as wo were about to enter tha door she turned her head as if violently, startled. I folt her trembling from head to ' foot, her facc wa3 deadly pale, and her eyes were fixed on the spot from which our car riage had just moved. On my enquiring the reason of her agitation, she exoitably ex-; claimed, "Look there 1" pointing to the foot of the steps. When I declared 1 saw nothing, : she seemed completely unnerved, and im plored me to take her home. Poor Violet clung to mo closely, passionately exclaiming that if I did not do r.o at once she know aha would die, and, finding remons'ranee only in creased her discre is, I thought it best to do as she wished. Whilst in the carriage I could not get aa explanation, as my wife seemed thoroughly prostrate, and on our arrival I had to support her into her room. There, when she appeared better, I requested her to esplain her extraordinary conduct. In an awed, almost scared voice Violet informed me that on entering tho Hotel she had heard tho sound of Dledge bells, and on turn iug to sea who had arrived, had perceived the same mysterions man who bad caused her so much terror the previous yoar in Scotland. There ho was, wrapped in his heavy sables, and using tha same gestures. I tried to reason with her and im press upon her the great offence her absenca would probably cause on sueh an ocoasion. For some time she was quite impraatieable, but seeing at last how much in earnest I was, my dear little wife evidently made a great effort and consented to return with me,— A.ll the same I felt quite grieved to notioe what chango this strange occurrence had made in licr, the shrinking, pale lady I was now conducting to the carriage being indeed a very different poreon to the brilliant, joyous beauty of n short time before. Just as.we vera about to not foot in the carriage a . terrible explosion was heard, and a few minutes later the fearful newa hid circulated through the city that tho Hotel , where . tho ball was being given, had been blown to the ground (it was supposed by Nihilists),. and not a boul there had escaped. . 