OUR PARIS fcSSTT25Si ■ (From our" Correspondent;) " Pajehs, November 20. It appears to be as difficult to ob tain a -Governor for Tonkin as a prince 1 for Bulgaria—suchjvacancies are now 'drags I the market. Both civilans and mi.'itaires shy at the deadly cli mate or Tonkin. " Wanted, heroes for ehol iva and d .seniery," is* Boehe for.'j bait. Why uot try- General Kaulbars a^ he is now out of work, ail is known to stop, at nothing; then as the Mandarin's love letter writing he •voii'sl keep them employed- The journals are trying to joke' Jules "Ferry into accepting, the Presidentship of Toutin —a coloay l»e invented. lie . too dreads Berfc- eholera. M. de Prey cinet would give hi in the appbiatment. at once,, if only on the-principle which led the Marquisjde-;Steyue. to" aid his friend Rawdon Crawley iff' 'obtaining, a colonial appoiifcmeat iusoiiie'pesfci fervus nook of/the universe. ; There would be one rival less for the -Grevy succession, aud tlio riddaneeof a plot ter to' overthrow the Cabinet" effected. If Jules-Ferry. _succaaibedr his- Adver saries could, say,, he was -punished, where- he" sihneil,and his pjetty young wife could be partly consoled, by the government presenting, her with, a secrefcly. effected .assurance- policy oh the life of the dear departed, as the Cabinet isaa^used oF having done in . the case ofPaul Bert. -The* latter 1 will be the-Bauquos ghost for those* . contemplating seeking;.itheit'-fortune in Tonquin^- Better ti-y like'1 Mr.. Ppppto secure three gullible-^Eaglish. men, to put down half a million of francs,.the gplSout of the pondered; building stone of Paris, boiling a11! with kitchen salt—tall the capital be used up:. .... .3 Madagascar has1 turned; up;x again fust at,the moment wheii the budget was1 likely to--be balanced—by post poning .the deficit, arid the fester Merlatti,. had- arrived at the stage .of ordering: oh his, stomach1 store of lob ster andw-alcuitrsheEsiiplusthecIiick en bones he- crushed like-a pulverizing ^machine;- hfrd-igj-seariiBustrates- Jhe r-slip" betweehi the- cupdantLT the lip. A few weeks ago= all was serene, now the situation Is like the • father- in-law in the comedytout' egfr rompv, mon gendrei This lame the- American mis sionaries are'not accused of putting, spokes in the-wheels- of French diplo macey.. The-dispute isvery clear y : Prance is hmifed respecting.; Malagasy independence,, and- practically she wishes to belall-dn all, which, thie; in habitants' refuse.. Prance must I now decide, either-fo jsend1 out A-' ifew expe fiitioig. spbnd^moEfey %hd. men . to conquer the island, or to retire -with Toss of prestige.-. jlt'-aiuh Tbnqjiih. are \- the t wo milistdnea that Jules Perxy, aided aud abetted- by Bismarck,, have tied^rouud thd':bec^ of; Ifraaicfe, and: at a time whoa the country in presence of the volcanic Cbnditidh': "of the Ton ' tiaent, has need of its every franc and. every soldier.. , | Monseignuer Perraud^ bishop- of Autun—once Tallyraad*s-- diocese ! was selected; to prohouhue8 the- panbrgerie \ on- the late ArchbL-t ho p-' of' Paris: , Gaa* diual Guiberfc, ai solenraifoy orditiarily celebrated thirty days-afr^ the- dfeatfc.. ^meral. or^ous; ace-of^twOiJiKidSj. the; Bossuefe. style- wberp- ialliis- epithets: . and eloquent common; plaaes, or; the modern^ "confined: to:» rdiimng homily eh'the- life^Sacidents oh tfe defuncts The latter- wao adopts 1 by Bi '■ tperomtk- ' 'jfe sfefeBid the-career ,< ' the late krehbishop^ whose: father yv; a stone-cuttery, and his-mother a woo comber—-.isiugstep by stepv hy^ mer .. .toripus;, aud,; chcistiau worlr, Ceoin lowly curate-up to-the premier card nalsMp of Piajace; - iBy prder},-©f | Pi . PJ<mo, the deceased Cardinal:--' wh< Archbishop of fryohs, was "directed i try aud obtain that Franee and. Ge many would cease lighting, and/leai : -the' issue to,;PapaP meditation. ;T1 belligerents apparently preferred - leave" ;the matter with the God < ; battles, plus the biggest batallions. \- Two incidents in the late-cardinal career: he turned, his-episcopal pala at Tours into an hospital, , and, for timp- bad; aV'-'bps4 table themembfers< the" Government—Ciemteuixy "who? wi a-Jew, and Ganibeifia; MihateriaiiK Cardinal Guiliert begged once the Sin \- stan commander-to Spare-, the-li^'es i some peasants-who-bad indulged'lit fr< pols at the invaders.. ■ f'Certainly," p plied tlie cq<uinanderr ":if: you ad'vli the people- imt to resist." t The ca dinal refitsOd- believing,: ad ^ pati'io sneli would weaken1 the national 1 d / feuse. It was'sdmetiimg.li^ the Eii ,li"' peior CJiaiies^Yv keeping!' t^ie Pope besieged prisoner in the Castle of S Angeloj. while- ordering" the eeiebratk : of prayets for his- deliverance:. Bishop Perra-ud ik K&hself; acclebt'jt Jfe is- a native1 of liyofls, and 58 yeat of age:. He was .destined for-a literal1 career like Ins college chums- Tain Sircey, and About.. However, lie tpo onlei^, j.oineil the Oratorians,. and b came a <hjctoir in tlieologv in l§6ff; an was nosiiinated to- the; pipfessorsbip'< Ecolesi ^tica-1 history^ at the- Sarbbnni tilM87i," wheu he was thadefa bislio| He. is »iso a member of the'Academy fie is an thin aeSncci after a 3Bllay. faKt, and recalls one of thosef asceti teirtG iii stone which orname^; tbej^oi tieo"Sf'aTa!liectritT. "'ICsnHtentvmcreT! tl5«^;|us iplo^irerice^"stirred his auditors: j his voice" is feeble, having no chest, i b1" xtx ouh' -skin aud bone lie could not .communicate those " words "which ! burn." \- His bagage litteraire for an AcaJemi e":»n is not heavy, neither is it rich : in any case it is superior to that of j his Academician, the Due de Pas quier, who has none at all, but who promises to bring out one book w hen j the Academy completes its dictionary I —they are at letter C since the eeu tury. The bishop formerly delivered, j euiogiums on Ahp. Barboy, shot by the Communists, and Jeanne d'Arc, burned by the English,, though M. Delapierrej a Frenchman, has pub lished a book to demonstrate the only .burning, the- maid experienced was that of love; since she married, lived a Darby and: Joan life, and on a patrio tic pension, years after the period when her ashes were- said to be c;,st into the Seine: jSlg.rJPerraud, among a few other works, published in 1867 1 two volumes- on ""Contemporary Ire laud."... The- Book made some noise at the tiine. It had a peppery preface by the late Bishop Dupanloup, the whole being a kind of indictment against English, religious intolerance: It is a j curious fact that alb French, books re ferriug-to any crank run. in the same groove.. All that is produced about Ireland ever treats of- England's past conduct.towards the Green Isle; but shirks the living present, which> we desirfr to know. The author-states—a belief not twenty: years; old—that ilreland. is capable of supporting. " 25 j million^ of people!'' ML de Beaumont j limited. the number to 35- millions.: The author also-' expressed, the opinion that Irish- emigration.' to England was destined, to play the role- of bringing back, the inhabitants of that great island to- the faith of Gregory the ; =Great. and St. Augustine. Further,! that the key to all, Ireland's political | And." social difficulties arises from her : religious persecu.im in the pastjEor her not having gone over to apostasy at the time of the Beformati'oh. The Bishop's brother -is also a clergyman,; and his speciality is the. " Down fall of Poland," a subject not now .men tioned before ears polite, when M. Fio qpet is President of the Chamber, and B ussian grand dukes in Paris as plenti ful as blackberries, and trying to cajole the Ereuch republic into a morganatic marriage, with Czarism. The French have- discovered that investing in op pressed- natioualities, whether Polish or Bulgarian; does not pay; Italy : and jAtermany to wit that hem her in like oue pf Daute'sPurgatorian circles. The" fasters, M'ilatti and Skied, con tinue to . be the " Men of the Time." The- former -has melted ? the solid flesh- he put up in advance down to J the counting of his bones stage. Of j the two classes into which society has I been- said to be divided—those :.who j have more dinners than appetite, and ] tlfosA wiiOj have more, appetite than j dinners —the latter,are more interested j in- ^im^^agic bottle for tricking an j empty stomach: There is nothing! posi-1 tively new iu showing oiice besieged Parisian* how to die of hunger, except thai, it is an antidote agaiust bad" .dinners.. , Attention has been rather' fixed "on thei , quantities of food bpth fosters cah- -take in before commencing. : Iheir self-st-arvatiom We are anxious to-leavn something about their stomachs: are they formed- like other peoples': how do they -become blown out like a balloon: swollen like a French bud get, or expansive like the floods in tiieSontbof Franee? Are their stomachs composed of gold- beater's-skin, or iudia-; rubber ? Aroin |de\Brasza's Coagbi coiu monwealth? Louis XIV. huda'stomach four times gj-eaterithan any of hie lov~' "lbg Aubjects : Cardinal Weisey had too ;an unbounded stomach : Falstaff held ^'jgrief bIewraLman; op- lik%aL bladder" ? yet science has never explained these exceptions. Dr. Labbe, wliq can ex tract forks" and' , spoons " accidentally swallowed—or perhaps a chest of plate out -<oi stomachs- without doing any; barm to- their owners, might? Solicit' Merlatti to-submit himself to an opera tion; and. so; let science get an As mpdiaa peep into his interior.. It would be as' interesting an experiment as Paul Bert's grafting, a' mouse on the j bafek- oT a cat; or Bio leg of a Bouen duck on the anipubated claw of a Cochin ' China hen—a race-uuioa that Senor Castelar ought to- note- as worthy of a place in his European Bepub lic. ... For the future, in the1 Brbca Medical Museum, where the skeletons^ of cri minajs- atxd iiie biains of celebrities— Gambetta and Broca himself to wit, .are preserved'—photos of owners- will .j be placed- alongside the "remains.' Every member of tliu Post Mortem So- j ciety leaves- his- body for .dissection,.! and "such otfaer snedioal use' his!surviv ing colleagues may decide. ' Rossel,' who murdered the publican's wife, has: j been unlucky in rushing to Algeria for safety r had he remained in, Paris and; j opened! a shop—say beside. a police station—he. might have lived to be a centenarian.. Diebler will likely cut s'.ort hiedaysif M. Grev y does his duty, Bossel exacted that before he-1 made a full confession before tie' ex 1 a-nwmug magistrate he should be «njKj plied with a Gargantuan break fast. The bargain was made. The ( dust men in cicausing a re. evvoiv in the rue Dufrenaj, found, a large bottle, in which were fhe fragments of ;;j jnewborn and healthy child, fear fully cut up, the bottle was carefully sealed. Glass eoffius are an ancient institution. Saragossa has produced another " IVfaid." fourteen years ago= a lady to ensure that she would not be deserted by her seducer - lover feigned to be enceinte, and to stifle in a certain degree scandal, be agreed to marry her on the birth o£ the expected little stranger, who catne in the shape of a girl, aud by arrange- i menfc,. through a third party from the Foundling Hospital.. A poor laborer1* .wife was paid a sum of money to place her new-born girl in the wicket. Three, months later the mother was- shown the hospital notiee that her child,. registered such a number was dead.. When rogues fall out honest people come by their own. The third parfcv aud the false mother quarrelled. " The true mother was informed that, the register, notice was a forgery, that her child never; was .in the hespitai,. but handed over to the "maid." After four years1 deliberation the girl, aged Mj to be handed over to the real mother,- and sent the two conspirators to prison. The husband on "seeing,, as he said, his "only child." thus torn from, him burst out laughing, a proof that he is a philosopher. : During, the fighting at Sedan, Bis ■rnarok role over to the Belgian fron tier to see if the troops were strung enough to disarm, the French if. they retreated, across the border. Oil re turning he gave it as his opinion that the Belgian soldiers had. " too much I coat:" It is presumed tliat if the French, decide ever to invade Germany I: they will, make an ugly rush through i the cock -pit of Europe, Belgium, ; Hence King Leapold is occupied?like ; other potentates, with army organiza jtion. Aware that just as the twig is i bent the tree is inclined, he approves | of school battalions. The lads will have a royal-blue tunic with scarlet braidings; knickerbockers instead of pantaloon s. Nu doubt when called , out for active service they will be sup plied with Hessian boots. The uni form is more pictures^ 10 ib.in that of young i ranee. May ti;e canteen in both- cases never fall short of lolly p jps and hot-cross buns ;. and may the repeating rifles be confined to sticks I of barley sugar. ! The population of the .Celestial ) Empire—500 millions say, has one ; inhabitant .less—Tin Tsin Sing." He has been gathered to his ancestors, but has been so Parisianised that he begged his bones would, never become "an article of exportation" — like Gambetta's "clericalism;" Tin, etc.,. was an undoubted Chinese in eye and pigtail, but he was picked up when a baby at some Eastern port, and thirty five years ago imported . into Paris duty f refe. He was", the only liying specimen of the Celestials then known in this' city of light. He wasadopted m a sense by Theophile Gautier, and by the force of induction, perhaps of heredity, T. T. S. taught himself his own native language and made up- the history of his country. , So rapidly did he acquire Western manners! that be,married a Parisian laundress. When bis first wife arrived from Singapore he pleaded he had. forgotten the. dear creature, and-he was acquitted of adul tery. He was an assistant professor in several Oriental languages, aud gained a few francs by sitting as a model foi artists.- Of late he lapsed into melan choly ; he ceased to be a curiosity as formerly : the French having beeu taught more about China through Jules Ferry than did all the travels of A bbe' Hum The Chinese- Embassy and his French friends followed Tin's romaiuir to the gra ve. ' ' Marshall McMillan's only daughter istoFe married; she has pot a sTngleJ sous of fortune, her-father was cleaned out by bis - expanses when Presi dent, his party : fooling him into the belief bis fortune would be recouped when as a General Monk, he- brought back the king. The Marshall is as poor as a church mouse .and lives on. the- wreck of his wife's fortune. M. de Lesseps has entered his 82nd year,, and his lady wiil soon present him. with a little " Panama." 