Meet Points. FASTING seems to be developing into a profession, like cricket and sculling. A man declares his intention to take no food for thirty days, and forthwith a vigilance committee, assstly msdtoel, is formed, relays of watchers are organised, tber-aometm and dynamo meters are brought to bear upon him almost hourly and thdr rssolts registered, conversa tions m started with Mm at teqoentintorvala to sss if-is mind is getting starved at an equal sacs with his body, illostrioas strangers ere admitted to sse aad question him, bulletins ss to his condition are periodically tawed, signed by well-known physicians, and finally a scien tific report upon the experiment, authenticated by aU the letters of the alphabet, is (iven forth to aa sdmlring world. And, in the name of soknoe, what is it all for? Apparently to ccc how long the human system can endure without food. But what is the good of that, again, unless we can learn how long the body can do without toed under the cHrcAtmstances in which it is ordinarily called upon to do so? Dump any one of these professional fasten down in ths heart of thebnsh, sndlsavchim there. Let him get utterly lost, without the prospect of ever seeing another morsel of food, snd see what will happen. The fact is these professionals live on the excitement. They feed on their own notoriety) besides which they have the sustain ing knowledge that for the asking they can have as much food ss they want. Recently, however, there has appeared a faster, sn Italian, named Sued, who seems to have hit upon a way of turning the thing to some ac count—that is to say, to his own account. In* stead of taking aU the glory to his own self • sustaining powers, this wily campaigner gives oat that his system is upheld by a liquor ex* traeted from an African root. At first sight this candid confession seems to lift him above the usual ruck of festers, but—when we read that after a few fasts of thirty days ssoh, ons of which is already aooomplisbsd, and has brought "dukes, princes, senators, and deputies" to his bedside, he is going to patent his African liquor, and sell it cheap, then we begin to surmise that all these famous Roman, Milanese, snd Paris physicians are only making themselves the convenient accessories to a heroic and magnifi cently original style of advertisement. "Bwnt are ths uses of adversity" is a IVi^Ml m^^mmm mrmw%mmmr^^BmWmy wmWwWwemjP**, as ia the esse with everyone who put* old material into a neat and bandy shape, he gets aa much credit as if he bad created it It has been dinned into the ear of humanity for thouaanda of yean, snd yet, strange to say, not • single man believes in it Even those who teach it most strenuously do their best to give adversity a wide berth, go cautiously round corners, are careful with matches, and fortify themselves all round with guarantee*, quite regardless of the "sweet uses" which they are so fond of commending to the lips of others. And whence this universal unbelief T Simply because the lesson has been misread. -Unkind have foolishly taken it to mean tha* it is the victim of adversity who will enjoy the sweet uses of it But there is nothing in the proverb to warrant such an interpretation. Let it be read in the light of science, as thus, " Sweet are the uses to B of A's adversity," and at onoe it becomes a matter of catholio acceptance. The result of this useful train of thought Mid, indeed, the train of thought it* self, we owe to the accident which on Monday last befel Mr. E. Palmer, M.L. A. In the midst of our genuine sorrow for that gentleman, we were strongly impressed with the sweetness of the uses of adversity—that is, of the uses of A's adversity to B, and perhaps indeed to a whole swarm of B's. It has been pointed out times without number that the custom of recklessly intrusting young boys with the guidance and management of butchers', or any other, carte was becoming, or rather had long been, a source of danger to life, but so long as it was only "common persons" who were knocked over, or who escaped by a miracle, the cure of the evil seemed as remote as ever. But when an ML.A. was lifted up, bruised and shaken, one could not help remembering tbat when, a year or two ago, a respected, a much and deservedly respected, M.L.A. was upset with his buggy at a certain turning in South Brisbane the condition of [which bad long been a subject of prophecy, it so happened that tbe portion of the road in question very soon presented, quite an altered appearance. Possibly in like manner may the uses of Palmer's adversity be sweet Only it is a pity that we should have to wait for the reform of oar abases until some ML.A is cspsised by then. For, first,, it gives rise to an immoral tendency to rejoice in another's misfortune, and, secondly, oar abuses are so muoh mate numerous than oar M.L.A.'s that we shall have to extend oar representation, and there is such a thing as the remedy being worse than the disease. Mb. Acton Adams is the nsme of a gentle man in New Zealand whose friends are very muoh conoerncd about hia probable fate. There wss a time when he lived in the quiet enjoy* ment of a oountry life, but times hays sadly altered with him lately, and between the ravages of rabbits and the worry tags of rabbit Inspectors he stands in some danger of being driven out of his tenses. It has sometimes been remarked that the very wont feature of the rabbit nuisance ia the excuse it has afforded for the appointment of inspeotors. Tbisls Mr. Adams's opinion, for there are unnumbered hosts of rabbits devouring his grass, and there are ever so many inapeotors perpetually threat ening to have bim for not getting rid of them. These two evils are almost enough to drive a man to drink, but Mr. Adams ii no ordinary man; he can't be driven to the dogs so easily, bat hs is only one stage wide of it. In his despair hs has had reoourse to ths eats, aad 400 of them have bseo. put upon his domain under oontraot to lift upon rabbits only. This is of oourse an experiment, and one which is said to have failed in other parts of New Zealand; how then will he stand if it fails with him ? It is bsd enough to be eaten out ef house aad home by rabbits; it is worse to be worried and threatened by inspeotors as well I but when to theae evils is sdded the complaint of an army of 400 unemployed cats coming ss a deputation every evening when night has drawn her curtains around—no man oan stand much of that sort of thing, and it is this that saakcs his friends doubly anxious about the unhappy Adams. Will he start a pack of hounds to run down his oolony of cats ? That seems ths only way out of it unless be stocks up his DeighbourV farms by a surreptitious importation of sake and so attracts the oats thHhenrard. It is feared, however, that he'll go to the dogs before his troubles are over! Critics, snd, ws may say, mors particularly Queensland critics. _svs received s fresh wsrn* log to dssl gsotly with poets. When ths critio rides roughshod over s poet, it is generally understood thSt any one of three results may be looked for—first, the poet may tarn sgain and rend ths critic; or, second, the poet may fall into consumption snd die; or, thirdly, hs msy in his despair commit suicide. Any One of these results—and they have all happened— ought to bs sufficient tp curb the tongue of the critic But there is a fourth possible result, of which history until now has not, so far as ws remember, furnished an actual example, but whioh undoubtedly ought to act as a mors potent deterrent than any of ths afore* mentioned three. The poet may attempt suicide, fsil therein, and remain a living re* proach to ths callous wretch who had virtually driven him to death. It is bad enough to have tbe ghost of your victim haunting your con* science, but to have ths victim himself stalk ing about — ugh! as Browning would put it. And this is just what has happened "op North." We sincerely hope it will act as a warning, not only to the Northern Miner but to all newspaper critics, to find some other advice for aspirant bards than to "try ring barking instead." There is nothing surprising in the actual result of that cruel counsel There is something so suggestive of atrocity in the process of ringbarking that the advice and ths subsequent event have all the appearance of cause and effect Had he been advised to fell trees for instance! If not with poetry, \hote is at east oase sssodation with oratory In that. But between ringbarking and felling is all the difference that there is between throat-cutting and honest scull-cleaving. We candidly confess that if wo were told, even by the Northern Miner, that our prose efforts were such as to indicate that we would find a more appropriate sphere of usefulness in the occu pation of ringbarking, we too, after the axamplo of the poet, would fail to commit suicide. Such is the awful power that the critic wields; and, awful ss it is, just bo awfully , careful should be the use of it. Apd, to return to our muttons, rather than be tbat guilty critic, rather than have a living victim, ever before us charging us with his death, we would prefer to be—to be ringbarked ourselves. Whbn a good many years ago it wss our privilege to behold Archbishop. Vaugben in the flash, we would have been ready- to b-et—li lt is permissible to bet upon so sacred s subject msn Archbishop—that it wss not in the power Ot man to make that dignified prelate look ridiculous, snd, if we .had found anybody to "takeHa up," we believe we should have wore\ Further, if our co-bettor bad expressed a wish that the wager should also have a posthumous application, we would have been willing to double tho stake to meet that condition. And yet, what ope would have supposed impossible his surviving relatives have made practicable and actual. They have got the Archbishop into a position which, in spite ot the solemn associations of death, is neither more nor* kss than ludicrous. "Hullo! not buried metl" was every bod)'s irreverent but involuntary ex clamation when a fresh telegram arrived this week announcing that the deceased prelate's family are still awaiting tho decision ot the Catholics of Sydney before consigning the remains to their final resting • plsoe— J*!*}. " to say, still waiting to see if the Catholics tf Sydney sre willing to save them the expense of the formal and ultimate interment by taking his body c« their -shoulders. It was * great hardship to them.*you see, that he should die where he did. They had not bargained tbat he would repay Weir hospitality by going dead on their hands. Barely it is self-evident that an Archbishop should die in his own diocese. But, alas, his ase doesn't see it in this light. His Australian people hsve no vaulting smbition in connection with his remains, and so tho poor deceased, who ia his lifetime was so august, is tossed from his family to his flock and from his flock to his family until- oh that we should have to say it 1 —the tb iog has become a joke. It is not for us to take a side in the matter, though it may be frankly confessed that oar -miles—even our grins—sre for those who are ever and anon an* moanced as still ''awaiting." After all, ths story is only another illustration ef the ruling characteristic strong in, aad la this esse after, death. AU who ever veatwed to taekls that brilliant dialectician know how difflouH it was |2J pat him ia a hole." Apparently it is so Wbwt Dr. SUrling propoesd in the South Aastrallan Pai-llamsnt to give ths fraachtse to women, he hinted in a covert sort of way that la his opinioa women cot-da's msks a bigger msss of the affairs of the oolony than the gentlemen who formed the Government had done | and the sentiment was favourably re ceived throughout the oolony. He was prepared *• trust them with any amount of power, and would not make an exception even in tha case -Of mothers-in-law. Other members, however, were less generous; or wss it that they had had more experience? The Tressnrer bssed his opposition on the ground that " there was a> distinction between women aad men which they will never be able to remove!" The same thing has occurred to others, and ths dis tinction never shows oat mors dearly than when a bachelor wants somebody to aseet him by moonlight alone* or, if he invites anyone to go out with him into the garden, he prefers Msud to her brother ss a companion. However, the Treasurer, not feeling too sore of his ground, insisted that if the question was settled ia the sfßrmstive the ladies muit accept equal responsibilities with men, and sit on juries or on the Parliamentary benches 1 It wss the thought of consequences to themselves, however, that created most dis msy. "Could the Treasurer attend to his legis lative duties with a woman on sach side; of him ?'* asked a member who admitted that he feb-ld hot, but would have his • hsughts diverted by interesting conversations about bore-racing and other matters when ho ought to be thinking of politics. This is where the real trouble came in, and those members who have not attempted to do serious business with a fair girl in close proximity the while determined to vote against the motion,' but to experiment as often as possible before it came before the House sgsln. There's a common opinion that no change could make matters worse, so there's hope for the women yet! 