RANDOM PAPERS. CUP MUSINGS AND JOTTINGS. Br Qcivia. There is an association of ideas through difference as well as through resemblance, and it is thuB that I am never possessed so strongly with the feeling that men are ghosts, and I am a ghost watching them, as when I am in a crowd which makes holi day in the sunshine. The average ghost haunts the night, and vanishes at cockcrow; it is seen only in solitary places; it is generally silent, and though it maybe permitted to smile sadly, it never laughs the jolly side shaking laugh of the flesh. The crowd I am speaking of loves the blithesome light of day and the busy haunts of men, and it is noisy and demonstrative, and its roar of laughter or delight is as the sound ing of the Burf on a rock- bound coast. And yet by the mental process of asso ciation through difference, I find myself compelled to regard it as a mere collection of I shapes projected on the background of the) Present only to vanish in a twinkling, for between an eternity past and an eternity to come, what is the longest life but a brief moment? Yea, verily, " We are 110 more than a mere moving row Of ma"ic shadow shapes that come and go Round with the sun-illuinincd lantern, held In midnight by the master of the show." Looked at so, the great. pageant of the Melbourne Cup, with its eager noisy thousands, and its plenitude of life and wealth of sunshine, was only for me a phantom—ciean_ vanished now as I write— nay, gone, as I lingered while the evening shadows were falling on the deserted hill and the silent fiat and the empty benches on which youth and beauty had Haunted bravely. Ere this appears in print I daresay most men have come to the conclusion that one can have too much even of racing, and that articles on sporting topics may be skipped with impunity. It is, therefore, fortunate for me that, knowing nothing about the horse, I cannot write a spirting article. My private opinion about the horse is that he was created to demoralise men, by tempting them from the paths of virtue, but as it is, perhaps, based upon prejudice, it is not entitled to much value. Yet I think few will deny that if by abolishing the horse we could also abolish trainers, touters, Btableloafers, and, above all, bookmakers, the gain to the human race would be enormous, and we would be much nearer the Kingdom of Heaven than we are at present Were Goethe's task of creating "Faust" to be done yet, I feel con vinced that he would have made Mephis topheles a genial but seductive bookmaker, who lures his victim to ruin by long odds and easy terms. After reading the papers of last Tuesday ] morning I came to the conclusion that the | whole world was worshipping the horse, and I considered that it would be only becoming ! and proper for me to show some respect to j the popular idol by going to the races. Mine | is not the strength of character required by the martyr who lifts up his testimony against the sins of the hour, and I regarded | as Pharisees Napkins over the street, who was going to do a day's gardening, and Tom kins, who had made arrangements for spend-1 ing his holiday on the roof of his verandah as an amateur painter. Conscience told me, | however, that I was weakly pandering to ' the spirit of the hour when I affected to be a racing man in the cab which took | me to town, and foisted a miserable imi tation of stabje talk upon a mild-1 looking old gentleman wno sat in a corner. He looked at me sadly, and said, after I had asked liis "tip" for the Cup | winner, "You're quite mistaken, Sir, if you think I take any interest in racing. I am sure were you to join our Sunday-school picnic at the Royal-park you would be much happier than at the racecourse." As I listened to the mild reproof, the feeling took form that perhaps there were some people who were not going to the races, and Nupkins and Tomkins rose in my estimation as j men who showed an example of personal independence, which all would do well to imitate. The city was astir before 91 o'clock, and during a stroll which I took ' for an hour or two it was astonishing to I find how many holiday-makers there were j whose pleasure led them away from Flem ington. As I looked oil these groups I began to feel that, as usual, I had j come to au erroneous conclusion, and that the horse was not the popular idol I had imagined him to be Young couples laden with babies and baskets were pressing by the hundred into the Brighton. Frankston, and Lilydale trains, and a large contingent were waiting to be taken to Port Melbourne to join the Yonns Men's Christian Associa tion's expedition to Queenscliff. Men and boys were to be seen with cheap guns on their way to the happy hunting grounds where Cockney sportmen inadvertently blow each other's heads off, and the tramcars bore the anglers to Spencer- street, who will by the banks of the Saltwater River patiently broil till nightfall with never "a bite" to cheer them. As I beheld all this, I reflected that though, as worlds go, ours is a small one, yet there dwell in it people sundered from each in tastes and and habits by a distance which is immeasur able. Though small it is wide enough, thank Heaven, for yon my friend who cannot bear to be alone, and who seek your pleasure where crowds do congregate^ and for you my eilent brother, whose ideal life is— "Deep Belt-possession and intense repose . . . No other than as Eastern sages paint The god who floats upon a lotos leaf, Dreams for a thousand ages, then awaking, Creates a world . . When I reached Spencer-street at noon, however, there could be little doubt that my first impression was the correct one, viz., that everybody, with a few exceptions, was going to the races. The Btreet was black with pedestrians, and the tramcars came up every couple of minutes with passengers clinging to them like bees at hiving time Train after train rolled out of the station, each taking its hundreds, and till 1 o'clock the crowd waiting to be carried to the course seemed not a whit the less dense. The conrse, and its sur roundings, the horses, their riders, and their owners, the plebeian people on the flat, the ariatrocrats of the lawn and grand stand, and the middle cl&kses; of the hill—have they not all been written bf any time these 10 years past, and by pens more com petent than mine? I am therefore per mitted to rove 'over the hill with the delicious sense of freedom which a pressman enjoys when he knows that his "copy" is hot wanted the same night, and that be can jot down, at his own sweet will, what interests and amuses him. And here it may said that' the first source of interest and afnnsement was an acquaintance, who shhll he known in this paper as Mr. Cropper. 1 had twice caught Cropper's eye—once in this train, and again in the crowd that was toiling tip tbe ascent to'the hill-stand—and the stealthy look it gave told of a man who was skulking, and who wanted to be an* unknown. Hitherto I had regarded Cropper as a being who religiously and morally towered far above me, and he had become in my mind a synonym for austerity and mortification of the flesh. The presence of the Dean of Melbourne on the course would not have surprised me more, and I must confess that when he had been ran to earth in the luncheon room, where he could not escape me, mine was the joy of the hunter who gathers the Bpoil of the bow and the spear. He was monosyllabic and repellant at first, as are you and I, dear reader, when we feel i\ureelves in another man's power. But after lunch he thawed a little, and permitted me to find a place for bim on the lower steps of the stand which crowns the hilL "Dear me, what a wonderful sight," he ejaculates, as he gets his field-glass into focus and surveys the Bcene around him. The "sight" seems, after strict scrutiny, to grieve him, for he con tinues softly, as if thinking aloud, "And to think that ail these thousands are given over to vanity and pleasure. How sad ! how very 6ad !" Mr. Cropper, having said this, looked so benign and pure that I felt I was doing an unholy thing when I explained to him that the gentlemen in gorgeous apparel were not the Governors who were the guests of Sir Henry Loch, but four book makers. Also when he asked guilelessly what the persons were doing who were dropping pellets of paper into one hat and paying half-crowns into another, 1 blushed with shame when I confessed that they were engaged in "sweeps." Shortly after this Cropper escaped from me again, and I retired to the green sward, which is behind the hill, where milk is vended at 3d. a glass, and where matrons refresh babies from the " maternal fount," in a rustic kiosk. Here I find that there are hundreds of people who, like myself, care nothing lor the races, and they picnic on the grass, and get up sweeps, or lie luxuriously look ing up into the pale blue sky, as if it were sweet to be "out of the hurly burly" on the oilier side of the hill. A crowd is gathered round a man whose game is "French Aunt Sally," and as the pool amounts to 12s., there is not a little ex citement amongst the competitors. Some of the best shots are sailors from the Nelson, and find that both on the hill and the flat Jack Tar is what the reporters call "a pro minent feature." Later on 1 foregather with several of them who have imbibed Dot wisely but too well, and at the end, on the flat, I come upon a bunch of them fighting with some drunken larrikins; but the picture which is the most characteristic and the pieasantest is that of the half-a-dozen bronzed faces round the blind man, who sat like Lazarus at the gate of Dives, asking for alms of the Eleasure-seekeis. One half-drunken fellow ad taken the old man's box,and was rattling it, and asking jeeringly, "How much d'ye take for it ole feller?" but he was sternly re proved by a burly yellow-bearded man, with "Stow that, you swab; let's give'im what we've got and sheer off." And as each before he "sheered off" dropped a silver coin into the box Lazarus rejoiced, and sent after them a fervent " God bless yon, gentlemen." The bell which rang for the Cup cleared tbe sward behind the hill, for even tbe dullest heart is stirred when the great race of the year is to be run. I had succeeded in getting a place which gave me an exciting view of the , coat- collar of a tall _bushman who stood in front, and I was sitting down on the trodden turf to philosophically await the issue, when I heard a well known voice ex claim, with a vigour worthy of a bookmaker at his best, "Two more chances for the Cup, genl'men; only two half-crowns; two Thank you, what initials? B.O.B.; very good. Two bob and a half from B.O.B. Come now, genl'men, only one chance more; and if nobody's game to take it, I'll have it my self." Good heavens! It was Cropper. Crop per the pure, the lofty, the noble. Cropper, under the boughs of. the deadly upas, trans formed into the holder of a sweep. Cropper joking about " two bob and a half," and ask ing, in the language of the vulgar, if" nobody's game." The last chance he took happened to be that of tbe winning horse, and after the race he nearly knocked me breathless, when he slapped me on the back, and shouted, "Well, old boy, what do you think of that. £5 for 5s.; hooray for the Cup." Over a bottle of wine he confessed to me that Mm. Cropper bad been left at home, and that she was cherishing the fond delusion that he was enjoying the aea breeze at Queenscliff with the correct Young Men's Christian Associationists. He then offered to take the odds ortheevensfor the Nursery Handicap for a pound, or to lay me four to one bar one on the field, or to back Huntingto werat ten to four. As I declined all of these propositions, and said I was about to descend into the flat, Cropper parted from me with "I always thought you newspaper fellows had some go in you, but I'm d d if you aint the dullest dog I ever met in my life. Why, I thought we would go to the theatre together, and make a night of it" Here we part from Cropper and meet him no more in this narrative. What was his ultimate fate on that eventful day, how he got home, and how he was received there, concerns us not, bnt sufficient has been told to show how, upon certain minds, the severance from use and wont, from ordinary sins to new ones, acts like strong drink, and brings out from the depths of a man's nature traits aud desires and vices which were lurking there unknown even to himself. Doubtless in a week or two Cropper will be himself again, the conventional, cold, austere, ffeah raortifying Cropper of mercantile and religious circles. But to himeelf he can never be the Bame, for there has been given to him the revelation of another being linked to his own personality—an alien, sinful, boisterous, slangy Cropper, from whom he can free him self again never more. On the flat I found dust everywhere. Dust on the ground, where all vestiges of the green turf have been fretted and stamped out, and on the dirty table- cloths at the refreshment booths, and on the sandwiches, and the rolls, and the tea-cups. Dust on the faces of the people, and on the wondrous habili ments of the " shilling bookmakers." Dnst in the air, and in the pores of the skin and the roots of the hair—a veritable Egyptian plague of dnst. Empty beer bottles, were scat tered everywhere, amid a litter of torn paper and orange peel, and fragments of bread and other nondescript Articles. Fights were numerous, but they were always checked before much damage was done by the posse of police whose shrill whistles could be heard occasionally over the din oi bawUpjg voices^ and squeaking trumpets, •jwSihlg babies ^ There had been tens ofJhousands on this part of the ground, and therefore 1 was notsurprised to see here and' there menstretched out ambng Hie cart wheels and behind the booths In a helpless state of intoxication. The dost, which I on Everything like a filthy pall, wasihitt sufficient to drive the moet peaceable fight and titte most -sober tor drink. Ah, after all. tail ho# we poor Dries may, it is pood to be ricb! For1 the poor man here there are these coarse viands begrimed with dirt, the sight oi which is enough to dull the keenest appetite, and for the rich yonder, dainty jure in beautiful vessels, served on snowy linen. But the last race has been run, and over the tlat to Footscray and Hothuta. and up to the railway on the hilleide, stream ti.e thou sands who have made the paueant what it is — a Babel of voices, a aea of faces, a vast whirlpool of lite, in which the individual unit is lost and counts tor nothing. Gra dually the human mantle of black and white is raised from the bill, and the stands and the lawn ore deserted : and as 1 stroll across the flat to the river twilight has come, and the moon is shining iniidly behind a veil of pa'e-grey cloud. '1 tie slug gish river as it creeps seaward is silent, but ; not more silent than the scene on which I look back. As I said at the beginning, even before the day was done, the pageant and its actors had become ghostlike and phantas mal, and had " Gone for ever. L'.':c lightning that fi:-?ked and died Like a snowtiake upon the river, Like a sunbeam upon the- tide Wnich the dark shadows hide." 