W.ObAIAND`bENIRAV NEWtS. According to an advertisement elsewhere; the' R?lvation Arny are going to have a-big thing on tol nighh.in Ipswich. A great gathering is to take ?' i the Sohool of Adts. "Oommiasioner" Howard,' '.StaffOicer" Heady, and "Adjutant" Wright are expected to be present, and ,the ,cere. .nony of presenting colours to the Ipswich corps will take place. A similar ceremony was performed in conneotion with the Nos. 1 and 2 Brisbane corps on Tedsay i veninga last. A metropolitan-paper ?I' the coloure r:--"' The 4ag ,are of red, nlue. and yellor-the red being einmlematie of the blood of Qhrist, the oblu signifying purity, and the yellow the phiifyiing te of the Holy'Ghost." On Monday evening last, a jtea-meeting waeheld . hapll pt'e d, for thle purpose S r. eras anitnerant re diatrio. The little urch we filled al?.?Fe hL ito reeed ned at well-laid" , p idd by f d d gherent. - At the \- Mr. cIlex? derad ?rvclhts .eoierd editable ad?dresses.: The arrangemosts for Mr. Aleqnder's mt liuiod.a n0ow.t blr-ibl imlete, and !we under. t.and:tbat the outlook for the project is very eucopr aging. -1rereare nowat the immigration depft. North tpiwic?h, Aitrinug engagement,-' five aingle lmen SJarm labourers. irn Share holders of the Ipswich Gas and Coke Com ''*aey hold their annual general meeting. at the Onocil Chamber, this evening, at half- past 7 o'clock. We underatand that, in addition to the hsual divi dend of 5 per cent, for the half-year, the directors have declared a bonus of Od. per share. A concert is to be given at the Bundanba State School, to-morrow evening, by the pupils and some friends. The proceeds are to go towards the fund which is being raised locally to assist in enlarging this now over.orowded sohool. The railway passenger traffic, yesterday, was not' paiticularly heavy, so far as Ipawich waa;concerned. About 600 tickets were issued here durii g the day, butas the cheap' tickets were obtaina le the day b -ore, many then availed them.clves of them. A goid 'many people came to Ipsw'ich, birt no couut was kept of the numbers. Among the 600 who left toWnt yesterday there must hare been many of a sporting turn, and who, had there not been counter. attractions elsewhere. would have helped to swell the conoonise at Randy OGllnp. The B;I.S.N. Comparny's i.M.0 Doruinda, which left Brisbane on the 25th of Jo.u a"y, departed from Port Said. on Sunday, h?ic.lnr-. l bound. The \- 8'" ..N. Companye-'s .t1.8. Maker? s, from Bris i t+Mersa the 23rd of Feberary,. left Ml$tvia, on Mon ;, ,-rflsA d -,-" ::.. in A meetine of the parents o pupils attending the .h Inswisch State lchool was held in the Assembly meTNoiNneihIpi*[wich, dii Tdeaedaye enilg'lkst, for the purpose of'considering certain grievances, the rineippal of which was the action of the head teacher (Mr, o.'Vowles) in the recent trespass cases against -W'eoouths,- named Jeff'ey and Rollo, which were heard at the Police Court last week. There wers foarteenoj. flteep.persons present., and Mr. R: Hoiter was unanimously elected Chairmenps The object of the meeting having been stated, a long dis. causibhsboadd, in the course of which an opinion irasexpresibd by oneof the speakers lhit Mr. Vowler was too severe with the cane, and that corporeal p?nishment in schools should be done away with altogether,as it did not make the children any better, hut had rather an opposite effect. This waoo opposed by others, who thought that, if corporeal punishment were abolished, snhoolmasters would have no remedy against careless or disobedient pupils, one of the speakers stating that, if he had not been punished with the cane when he was going to school, his edu cationwould have been sadly neglected. Other grievances wcre spoken of, such an the granting of holidays by the Chairman of the school committee, the non0advancement of the pupils. &e.;, but nothing deflpite was done in connection with these matters. Tle' cease'of Rollo and Jeffrey were then referred to,. and some of those present were of opinion that Mr. 'Vowlee had not-acted in a very gentlemanly manner in not speaking to the parents of the youths men ti6ned before prosecuting them, and that he had exercised very little judgment in taking the case before tttiseBbnoh. Eventually, Mr. Andlerson pro posed-" That, in any case similar to that of the children of Rollo andl Jeffrey. Mr. Vowles should makelt a rule. in future, to see the parents before h topk it to the Police Court." . This was seconded by 4r. EolIl, 'ad iarried unanimously. It was also deeded. onuahe motion of the same gertlemen, that the -lChiiaiana should write a letter to the head teacher, inclosing a copy of the above resolution. The Chaimnnan sid that he would interview Mr. Vowles, and let the meeting know the result.: A vote 9f 1thanks hiaving been accorded to the Chair. sn,,, themnecting terminated. Traly Ipswich is a great place for athletic sports. No sooner is one gathering over than another is on the way or being thought of. The RIose of Queens land Lodge'of Oddfelloba purpose holding sports on Easter Monday next, and the programme is pub lished this norning. ' The brethren are not going to the extreme, as some do, in length of programme, but, with the various " division" contests, we think the fourteen events will he found quite snflicient. There is variety enough in them, and quality has not been neglected. The prizes are on a liberal scale, and amount toe value of £130. Forthe chiefevent, the Grand Handicap, £50 is offered ; for the Walking Match, £14; for the Amateur Race, £15: and for the Hurdle Race, £10, The conditions of competi tioo ,are also ;nade known? Nominations for the hasnicap's iadsthbe in, in due form, by Saturday, the Ithb-otApril u and entries for the otherevents will e .reeivpdupitoi0 o'clook on the day of the sports.' Intenting, competitors would do wrllto read caree fully the publslised iformnatiod. On Tuesday.eyeoin.g ast,aes a son of BMr. James li' fii6 ridig along Bhieltase-staeet, pear the Royal Hotel, his steed -a greyn mre-heme Into -elllsioai ltli/n spring-cart?; Thershafts of the'cart penetrated the lhare's shoulders, and caused so severe a,wosnd that the animal's recovery is considered very unlikely. The rider (Charles Swan) escaped mnburt. Mr. Rankin, Police Magistrate at Blackall, states that hbehas seen a telegram from the lepsee of the W#ywreyerun declaring that the mineral recently fga in that vsinity is silver. The followiog is the report of the state of the WoogaropLunatio Asylum for the week ended on the 13th' intstat i-Admitted, 1 female; discharged, 2 males I'feinile: remaining, 300 males 300 females. The mabicl .anperintenient acknowlelgue, with thanks;, the .reouipt of parcels of newspapers from S P. and hlja. Ayecough. Brisbane. and a parcel of illustrated papers from Mr. J. C. Norman Wilson, Ipswich, (or, the patients at Sandy Gallop. 