Christmas in Many Lands. Tho festival which the majority of Christians celebrate on the 25th of December is perhaps the chief Christian festival. A doubt about its rank may well be allowed ; for, though thus is celebrated the birth of the founder of Christianity, His work was perfected by death, and His followers hold the time of that consummation also in holy regard# Yet Christinas may claim supremacy over Easter, as being the fair beginning of a time, the opening day of an era which inaugurated on earth peace and goodwill towards men. We purpose to indicate, in as full a manner as our limits will permit, some modes in which Christmas is celebrated in various parts of the world. Much controversy has raged over the question whether the date of the festival coincides with the event celebrated. Some hold that the 25th of December cannot be the nativity of the Saviour for then the rainy Beason of Judea is at its height, and shepherds could hardly have been watching their flocks on the plains. The early Christians celebrated, among other days, the Gth January as the date of their Lord's birth, but after the adop- tion of tho Christian faith by Constantine, when the church began to solemnise the natal' day of Christ, the ceremonial was transferred to Decamber 25\. The first certain traces of the celebration of Christmas are found about the time of the Emperor CommoduB (A.D. 180-192) ; and there is on record a horrible deed of the Emperor Diocletian, who burned alive a company of Christians, who in a church at Nicodemia, were solemnising the nativity of the Saviour. But the observances of the early festivals varied from those conducted nnder the »gis of the Emperor who had presided at the Council of Nice. His propaganda of Christianity was political, and to conciliate the heathen converts, pagan festivals as well as pagan rites and cere- monies were incorporated with Christian worship and Christian feasts. This union of new and old^ of heathen practices and Christian rites, will be traceable in all observances of Christmas. The message that Christmas brought to the world harmonises with the spirit which reigned in the old Roman Saturnalia. It promised that All crimes shall cease and ancient fraud Bliall fall ; Returning justice IKt aloft her scale ; Feace o'er tbe world her olive wand extend, 'And white-rob. innocence from Heaven descend. It spoke of a new Golden Age, a halcyon time ; and ílius it was not wonderful that when men began to observe Christmas as a festival, they found it easy to fit in to a Christian ceremonial those practices with which they were familiar, and which were ex- pressions of a kindred spirit. In the Scandinavian Yuletide, and in the Saturnalia of the Romans, the courts and schools were closed, old quarrels were forgotten, the serious business of life was inter- rupted, servants exchanged places with their masters, license was permitted, and the season was passed in feasting and frolic. Thus in England, in the olden time, the Christ- mas season was a period of jollity. There was a jretence of equality of classes. Hospitality was general. Revelling, after the fashion which custom had prescribed, was the order of the time. Certain viands were regarded as indispensable to the proper celebration of the festival, and of all such viands a profusion was provided. Decoration by means of green boughs was everywhere resorted to. The pendant mistletoe was a charter for kissing, and the Lord of Misrule and the Abbot of Unreason were permitted to play their vagaries unchecked. I Carols weresung in the streets, and there waa in every ' direction a relaxation of the customary regulation of society. In other lands, the celebration of Christmas bore and bears a general resemblance to the English celebration, but there arc local differences. In Germany and Northern Europe an old pagan festival was displaced by Christmas. The Twelve .Nights extended from the 25th December to January 6. At the time of the winter solstice the sun wheels back in his course, and the advent of summer, a termination to the reign of ice and snow S s foreseen while yet winter prevails. The Germans I and Scandinavians personified the forces of nature S and fabled that these were in conflict perpetually. S At the solstice, those deities conquered who bring ? in light and life. Thus the Twelve Nights wore a 1 time of rejoicing for victory. The Christian festival 9 easily took the place of its pagan forerunner. All B the symbolical meanings of the season applied to 9 the new era which the birth of Christ had in I augurated. He was the Sun of Righteousness; I He was conqueror of Death ; He was the Prince of if Life ; with Him came the manifold delights of a 5 moral spring, and relief from the dominion of gloom aL and evil. And the pagan gods, who had received g1 iomago in the heathen ceremonial, became in tho Ii Christian festival demons, witches, ghosts, having |1 special power to harm, judging by one authority, Ms at this season. But in Hamlet's Denmark, accord W _ig to Shakspeare, the time was gracious Sg Some soy that ever 'gninBt that season comes gg Wherein our Saviour's birth is celebrated, BE The bird of dawning tingeth nil night long : J». And then, they say. no spirit dares stir abroad ; 6 The nights are wholesome ; then no planet strikes, S No lalry takes, no witch both power to charm, ft So hallowed and BO gracious Is the time. I The Twelve Nights are in the Bavarian and f Styrian Alps called " Rumour Nights " and k< "Fumigating Nights," because ghosts and hob * goblins are supposed to be abioad, and priests and prudent house-wives with prayer, and incense, and talismans protect themselves against such unearthly visitants. The characters and customs of Christmas in Germany aro a strange medley of paganism and Christianity. The Christ-child with his attendant and the three Kings, who play parts in the miracle plays, had their counterparts in the older ceremonial. The German custom of binding fruit trees with Btraw ropes, and of frugal housewives shaking crumbs from the table-cloth about their roots, that the trees might be more fruitful, had reference to the influences supposed to prevail at the time of th» Twelve Nights. For a similar reason, the fruit-trees in the Tyrol were beaten ; in Bohemia they are violently shaken durinf the time of the' midnight mass; in other places they aro . regaled with remains of the Christmas supper. A somowhat similar custom, probably imported from Germany, prevails in parts of England. In Devonshire a torn cake and somo hot cider are carried into the orchard, and there offered up to the largest apple-tree as the King of the orchard, while those who talca part in this sin , "gular ceremony join luBtily iu the chorus i Bear good apples and pours enoug' Barns full, bags lull, sock« full I Hurrah I Hurrah 1 Hurrah I The mistletoe at first had a talismanic or symbolic significance, and so_ikewise had holly, the yule-log, and the yule-candle. All these were borrowed from the pagan ritual. Carols are sung in both Catholic and Protestant eountries at Christmastide. In the south of Germany carol singers accompany their strain by knocking at doors as they go their rounds, or by throwing pease, beanB, or lentils at the windows. Hence the origin of the name " knocking nights." During Advent it is the custom in Bohemia, Styria, Carniola,and other provinces of Germany to perform Christmas plays, auch a play has Long- fellow interpolated in his Golden Legend: it is entitled "The Nativity, a mirado play." In such plays the devil was usually the low comedian of the piece, but the American poet has not followed his original in this respect. There woro degrees of completeness in the representation of these plays. Sometimes they wero elaborately set forth ; hut were 1iot infrequently performed from door to door in the street, and are thus associated with the distribution of Christmas gifts. They are made the occasion of a species of trial of .the children of the house. The Christ- child, of course the leading character, announces his intention to distri- bute gifts, hut first requires a report of the conduct of the children. St. Peter or St. Nicholas supply such a rdport: it is commonly bad, and accompanied by a recommendation to apply the rod. The Christ-child pleads that the children may not be punished, but the'saints are stern, and there , comes'in the Ruprecht, or Hans Trapp, tlie typical j devil with horns and hoofs, bearing the hirch. Down the children go on their knees in fear, and recite their prayers aloud; the heavenly visitors ( sing a hymn of advice, and the Christ-child precedes his departure with gifts of nuts and apples. St. Nicholas, alluded to ahové, tho patron-saint of children, is the personage who as Santa Klaus in Holland, Samiklaus in Switzerland, and under other names elsewhere, performs the office of bring- ing to children gifts on Christmas eve. He was Bishop of Myra in Lycia, at the time of Constantine, and Í3 credited with having secretly supplied three portionless damsels with a dowry. His presumed generosity to children may be traced probably to that legend. The office of gift-bringer is not however in every country attributed to Santa Klaus. In Prance, tho Jésus Bambin attended by a convoy of angels, fills the sleeves or the Btockings with books, toys, and sweetmeats. In Alsace, one i Hans Trapp accompanies the Christ-child, as the Rupreoht or bugbear, who is the occasion of terror 'as the Santa Klaus or the Christ-child is the source of joy. And such a personage plays a conspicuous part, under various names and disguises, among all German populations. His office was to punish or frighten lazy or irreverent children. Like his name, his habits varied, and in former times, in some parts of Germany there was a female as well as a male bugbear. Associated with the Christmas holidays are many quaint superstitions and singular customs. In Suabia, for example, maidens inquisitive about future lovers, employ various modes of divination. They draw a stick f«om the wood- heap, and observe whether it is long or short, crooked or straight; or they pour melted lead into water, and the shapes it takes are indica- tive of the trade or profession of the prospective husband. The maids of Pfullingen put a gander blind-folded in the midsiof a circle formed by a numher of them holding hands, and the one to whom he goes will be married first On " knocking nights" the Tyroleso peasants liston at Daking ovens. If music be heard, an early wedding is be- tokened ; if the ringing of bells, the death of the listener. Among many others a favourite method of forecasting the future is to sit on the floor, and throw one's shoe with the foot over the shoulder, and then to predict from the position it takes what is about to happen. One superstition, believed still to survive in England, is that at midnight on Christmas eve cattle kneel in recognition of the anniversary ; and the belief is widaly diffused that water drawn at the Bame time turns into wine. In Mecklenburgh, certain animals must not be called by their right names ; thus he who does not designate fox "long-tail" pays a forfeit. In Poland, and elsewhere in Europe, the belief is that on Christmas-night the scene on Jacob's ladder is re-enacted, but only the saints may see it. Throughout Northern Germany the tables are spread and lights left burning all night, that the Virgin Mary and the angel who passes when every- one is asleep may find food. Candles are in some parts of Austria placed in the windows that the Christ-child may not stumble on his way through the village. The Christmas-tree, doubtless of German origin, can be referred to a pagan prototype. It is a sur- vival of the tree Igdrasil, which was, a symbol of life past, present, and future. It is the life tree : it has its roots in' the kingdom of Hola or death, but its branches reach to the stilts. And in the Christmas tree, much of the ancient symbol- ism is preserved, while somo new symbols have been added. Christ is the Resurrection and the Life ; the evergreen firtree, an emblem of spring time, is now a symbol of an eternal spring ; the lights typify Him who is the Light of the World > the gifts remind us that God, in giving His Son for the redemption of the world, gave us the most Xiriceless of gifts. Till within the present century, the Christmas tree was a distinctly Protestant custom. The Reformers disdaining the Holy Manger, a Catholic institution, preferred a pagan custom of imme- morial antiquity and of kindred significance. And they changed the day of distributing gifts from December 5, St. Nicholas' Eve, to December 24, Christmas Eve. But the Germnns have carried the Christmas tree wherever they have gone, and it is no longer exclusively Protestant. The manger, however, maintains its preemi- nence in Catholic countries, and its represen- tatives vary in size and beauty, according to the means of a family or community. . In many churches in Catholic countries the whole parish contribute to the expense of fitting up the manger, presepio, while moribund misers do not forget to endow it with a legacy in their'wills. In Bohemia the manger is not infrequently the receptacle of the present which the Christ-child brings, and in Italy the Bambino or Christ-child, always ants the part of Santa Klaus, and is the central figure in. the presepio. The Christmas-dinner which in Italy begins early and ends late is the distinguishing feature of Christmas observance in that country. Servants and all who have worked during the year expect money presents from their employers. The Spanish Christmas resembles the Italian in most respects." In Russia, though they have St. Nicholas and the Christmas-tree, Easter is the greater festival, and special Christmas ceremonies are reserved for the Epiphany. In the Scandiuavian countries the celebration of Christmas is ever the more hearty, and is attended by the greatest variety of costumes. The Christ- mas hox is a Scandinavian institution which haB been adopted in older countries, and in Sweden and I Norway much ingenuity is exercised in devising quaint envelopes for the gift. A great many of the English Christmas costumes are modifications of those observed in Denmark and the neighbouring northerly lands. But Christmas in England in modern times is solemnised in a fashion affected by modern teaching. What was good in the spirit of the old freedom and hotese play and rollicking is retained, but there aro greater decorousness and more seriousness of de- meanour among the old. The abandon of Christmas is left to modern children, to whom the time is joyous, because it is a holiday season, a release from cares of school, a time of giving and receiving I meats ire1^ w^en toothsome cakes and dainty knowledge the I!?1? supplied. But the elders ac ofthat charity whic»?e of fche SGason to°.in «tods in cancelling enmitiea?eciaUy a Ch«stian virtue, in striving to make the burSÇscaling friendships, the moment for themselves anMife %&-*<* for the spirit of the season, wo take tliis'*?; And in when sending abroad our special Christmab^nity, mont, of wishing all to whom it may como "^ _ A MERRY CHRISTMAS AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR. 