A HIHILISrteliOSt. Bo muoh has fccen said latoly regarding the . spirit world, and of warnings through super, natural sgsnay, that. I may bo accused of writing on a worn-out . eubjoot. . Howover, in spito of this, it may interest many to beat the following etrango occurronco whioh happened in a woll known family eomo years ago, and wbioh was related to me by my friend Mr. —z—, on the striat . condition of my suppressing names and dates, should I ever wish to repeat it. . , I will tell you tho story as near us possible in thie gentleman's own words: — '> i '1." Two or throe months aftor raarriago I took my yonng wifo down to my nlaca in tba north of Sootland to spond tho Now Year, It having been a time honored custom in our lamilytodoso. Though tho wsathor was bitterly cold wo all managed to enjoy our-' Bslves,- and my wife; . who was the only lady amongst as, was in excellent spirits aud tha lifo of the party. Late in tho evening of New Year's Day we gentlemoh wero amnsing our selves in the bifiiard room (it must have been nearly twelve o'olook), whon I was sur prised to hear Violet's voles oalllng mo from above, she having retired some timo before. On going np to hor room, sbo informed mo that she had boon maoh astoniohad by hear ing tho tinkle of sledge bolls, and that on opening her window she had ooon one quickly opproaohing, drawn by a magnifiaont pair of black horses, and that it had pulled up im mediately under her window. It was a lovely moonlight night, eo sbo had leant out to seo if oho could roooEniso tho oosupant of the rledge. As sho did so ho raised his head and looked her straight ia tho faoo, whon eho discovered he was a porfeot stranger. What Violet considered most extraordinary was, that on meetinglher oyo, ho hold up his loft band and shook bis head solomnly, then giving reintohlaboiees rapidly disappeared down tha avenne. My wife was naturally nnxlona to discover who this mysterious stranger oonld be, and had ealled mo np to see ill knew.' She described him as. being qulta young, bat with snow-white hair, pierc ing black eyes, a blaok moustaobe, and com pletely wrapped in sablos. I baing well aa- qnaintcd with all my neighbours far and near, felt quits certain that ho was not ono of them, and the only conclusion wo coald oomo to was that hs was somo visitor from town who wished to astonish tho natives with ouch a hitherto unheard-of convoyanco as a sledge. I asked hor If eho was quito euro she had not been dreaming, whon eho indignantly replied that ehs had nover felt maze mas. awswi ui uor uig, uuvmg hi iuu timo beon eitting up writing a most import ant latter. Whon I related my wife's story in tho billiard room, one of my convivial blends suggested that wo ehould ull sally forth in a body and eearoh tho ground for tbo nnfortanato boggar, who had no doubt lost his way, and would be glad to bs given a drink.. We all sated- oh tbls idea with alsority, any small excitement always being Mcoptabla in a country house, In tbo moan- timo tho woatbor had- ooinplotoly changed, and It bad commenced to snowhoavily, whioh accounted satisfactorily for our not being able to discover traces of tho sledge. Wo soon got tired, of, tha eearoh, agreeing that tho- mysterious .stranger had discovered he was trespassing, and had mads tho best of his way home. ; ; , Tho next day Violet appeared rather an noyed when woebaffed sboafher molsnoholy \- visitor of tho provloas night, and seeing that It was not weleoms we Boon, dropped tho. sab- jeotjond.infaot forgot it.-', ; .Thut.evenihgns wo men hod just deoided on separating for' the night,(tho door of the smokihgroom burst open, and, to my intonse surprise, my wifo rushed iu,, hor - dressing- gown .. thrown' on, her hair . all dishovolled, and looking porfeotly ghastly, : Sha hardly seemed to .know -what, ehs was. doing, and; whon I enquired, what on earth waa»tho matter, Bank.into a ohalr, gasping out : " Ho baa- borne again t" ; Seeing 'that .sha was really af(eeted,.Ihastened to get her s glass of wino; and begged her- to givo me full ,psr- ' tiotflars. It Bnnears . tbat - bho had gono to bod; andbad slept, ooundly until awakenod by tho Bonnd of npproa'ohing sledge bolls, then starting np, had thrown oh her drossing gown and ruahed to tho window, whoro eho aiaooverad tho slodge had been . brought . to a standstill at exactly the same spot na on iho Srovious night. On hor sppooranao tho river; looking up at her ' otcadfas tly, . , had raised his baud and shaken his head in pra- oieely tho earns warning manner as boforo. Not waiting for more; and filled with namo- leos terror, the poor. litUe woman bad rnsbnd down to me in this excited condition. Wo all felt moat - indignant at what wo began to think was a very imperjinent praatioal joko, and, confiding my wifo to thb joaro of hor \- moid, rnshsd ont with thsintontion of finding and making it hot for tho porpotrator,- We ranout eagorly ; tho.'night was oleor.ond -frosty, tho ground was oovorod with snow, although bono had fallen since the morning, 'and I confess that I experienced quite- a ahobk.whon, oni arrivingbencath my wifo's. trindow, wo diBeovered: tho buoW was oom- pletely undisturbed,' and there was; not the faintest trabe' of 'anything'haviog passed that way.; . We'all rBturhed to the house somo- what aubduod,; abd talked tho matter woll . over, when we oBure'- fo 'ths, eoholasion that there must- bo', something queer about the affair, as it waB absurd to. imagino that my seneible little wife oonld bo tho viotim of any snob dbloaibri. .'TherbforoVwo'.nnonimouBly \- deeided on keeping a whtoh iu tho ; billiard, room — whioh '.was immediately beneath Violet's room— on ths tbUowlbg'. nlght,' and wait for. what might ooour. In tho moan- timo wo had agreed hot' to -mention' tho. onb; jeot tomy wifo, and the next day, sho. not appearing at all inollnod tb.intrbduoo it, tnihgB went on much aa nsual. Soma time after oho had retired -for tho nigh), wb, being fortiflod with sundry glasses of hot toddy; repaired to' the billiardroom to oommonob our vigil, whore wo turned down the gas and drew hp tho b'inds, end were all on tho' gui .bitie' for anything that might happen. Tho silence was becoming monoton ous, whon suddenly it was broken by a piorc- ing shriek, and the. oound of a'benvy fall. Rushing up to my wifo's room, from wbonoo it had proceeded, I found hor. extended on tho floor in a deed faint, still in hor ovening dross, with her window wido open. It was a long timo boforo.hor maid, whom I found in tbo room, oould restore' hor to aousoioconoos, and even then olro seemed almost delirious, aud kept wailing out, " Why docs ho como ? What does ho me.an ?" r The maid aftorwards informcd mo that eho had boon requested by her mistress to remain (nihor room with her until her master eamo upi and oho had Btated aho.did not intend un dressing until 'then. , Hor lady had stood wrapped in a' Bhawl for a long timo at tbo window, and appeared to bo listoning in- tontly for sometbiog she axpeoted. Sud denly sho had given- a violent start, and loaning '.out of tho window, bad exoitodly aallod -tho maid .to hor aide,' and -aokod hor in a trembling, yoicb whothor sho oould not ooo anything: aoming: up tho avonuo or hear tho tinkle of bellsi It was a still moon light night, almost .aa light, as- .day, but tho maid, a bright, intelligout girl, deolarod Bho oould sea or hear nothing, and had only not turned from tho . window. when sho was horrified to sea her' mistress stagger' back wards and fall fainting to tho ground. Tho violent shook that my ;wifo hod reaolvod to hor nervous oystom rcsultod io a long and serious illness, and ;es soon as sha could bo moved I took heron tho' conlinont, where .sho shortly recovered her health and spirits. Wo 'neither of us ovar hlludod to thb causa of her illness, sbo feeling peculiarly sonsitivoon tbo eubjoot, and rcooqting my bavins treated : it as an hslluoination. Taeugli appircn'.ly forgotten by us both, I did not consider it . . : judicious to spond tho coming New Year in Bootland;and wo therefuro ngreed on joying oIodr promisod vioii toSi. Poiorsbitri; w icro I hadmany intimato. friends in I nfiieniiai circle?. 0.1 our arrival they all vied -with eaoh other in showing U3 hospitality, my wifo was immensely admired, and her vivsoity and wit made her very popu'nr. Juat biforo our intended drparturuono of loaj.ratf iocioty arrangod a boll in our honor, to whioh . Violet looked forward with grant p'.siHnre, and mido most clabornto proparationo. When tho night of this feto arrived, and my wifi , entered tho room dressed for tha bell, .1 : thought I had never seen her look eo lovely, with that look of joyous antioipction on her . 'oountonsnco that a broutiful woman always wcnio when she ii imra of her triumphs. During our short dtivo to ths Hutrl — — , our destination, ohe amused mo by hor almost childish anticipation ol the coming enjoy ment. On arriving there sho aseonded tho atops on my arm, still laughing and chatting gaily, bat just as wo were about to enter the door she turned hsr head as if violently startled. I folt hor trembling from bead to - foot, her faco was deadly pale, and her eyes were fixed on tha spot from whioh our car riage had just moved. On my enquiring the '. reason of her agitation, aho exoitably ex claimed, "Look there I" pointing to tho foot of tbo steps. When I declared I saw nothing, sho seemed oomplotcly nnnervod, and im> plored me to tako her home. Poor Violet : clung to mo alossly, passionately cxalaiming that if I did not do oo at ones aha know sho would die. and, finding romons' rones only in. oreased her distress, I thought it best to do as sho wished. Whilst in tho oarriago I oould not get an explanation, as. my wife seamed thoroughly prostrate, and on onr . arrival I had to support hor into hor room. There, whoa oho appeared hotter, I requested s her to explain her extraordinary eondaot. In on awed, almost soared voloo Violet informed mo that on ontering tho Hotel sha had heard tho sound of eledgo bolls, and on turn ing to soo who hod arrived, bad poraeived tho samo mysterious man who had aausod her so much terror tho previous year in Sootland. There ha was, wrapped in hia heavy sables, and nsing tho same warning gostares. I tried to reason with hor and im- proio npon her the great offenao her absenea > would probably oauso on snoh an oeoaslon. For somo timo sho was quito impracticable, bnt seeing at last how muoh in earnest I was, my dear littlo wifo ovidoatly mado a great effort and consented to return with me, All tbo soma I felt quito griavod to notlOo w««« vuuujju iuhi utiaugu uiiututoiiUu Ut&li; made iu her, the shrinking, polo lady I was now conducting to tho oarriago being indood a very different porson to tho brilliant, joyous beauty of a ohort timo before. Just as wa wero about to sot foot in tbo oarriago a terriblo oxplorion was hoard, and a fsw minntos later tho fearful news bad circulated through tho aitjr that tho Hotel — — , whoro tho ball woo being given, hod boen blown to thogroand (it was oopposod by Nihilists), and not a soul there had esaaped. . . 