[?] [?] [?] ; ;e s ;.c ; :: : r-'-w-i .w a-'\ ' .. ea<? .'HerunJu.!!: ,"i r. - - ; i .:r .. j i-.:..:, ots 3 . - salt (,! r.t'ouL hf:y r.- f ; : r a.sys j ii> ! 1 1": ye jr. < . - !!->! t.rt-.t y r.'j".;r e!:t,nr; 'i, | . ai.;'r.-: r'.'. ... -i! "...u6 i'. prvGi-.V- . a ..| ..V A.—. bViRU., ai.u>a AutI racing probabilitiea I have to deal, and aa we shall have two very important meetings on Saturday, it will perhaps be aa well if' we diacaaa the possibilities and probabilities at once. Juat one little customary compliment, though, in season. Backers haven't had the best time of it of ' late. With '87 1 trust their luok will turn, and with the beat wishes for ibeir suc cess, I wish them both a Prosperous and very harpr New Year. Few men alas 1 know better bow rapidly settling daya round roll than the luckless punter, and it iB only the bright star of hope — the peculiar propensity for ignoring the past and .looking ahead— which keeps them afloat. Ever superstitious, backers will, as usual, look confidently to the new year to change their luck, and I only trust they won't be disappointed. This much in the way of preface done, I'll look ahead myself, and commencing near home, will tackle the tipping task in connection with The V.B.C. meeting. A good deal of interest, ae evidenoed by double-event betting, baa been ; Vur_' I i ' "0 . T'" r».e i-ri-rh XTsuiK-fi i .iryi'c in I'v.hi - -j-il-'tb i isce a".-i not, ij"ct ."i.liti.vi O'ltii a/',;: li::: iiev 'ii-, ri hit". f>i' y oiare would have Moreover, on her Sandhnrst running, she is certainly Kohai'e mistress. Kohai's form we have in the Oaulfield Summer Cup, and Straight Shot accordingly looks a pretty fair thing in the Standish Handi- oap, unlesB something comparatively untried in good company: — say jjjeditron or Harvester— can beat her. However, aa I have more than once remarked; one cannot get at winners by rate of three, and in dealing with probabilities one must treat them as " rich," and forget all about certainties. Only one l/orao can win, and in the absence of place specula tion, it is useless picking three. I like STRAIGHT SHOT, and certainly think that whatever beats her will win. The top weight, William Tell, will run well: - The Hormanby Stakes will ha won by either Hobtense or Bsottoheoh, and as the New Zeatander was coming so fast. at. the finish of the J nvenile Stakes at Oaalfield, I shall pldmp Cor ESCUTOHBOV. Hurdle Hace, Goodwood. r . . v V The Bagot Hsradioap i. » rem«rlaWj_c)pen race. . Each of the six top weights ta in it ' np' to fab neck, and I scarcely know which to choose. I have great respect for both Sardins, Lord Wilton, and Silvermine, but on refcent form I think I must vote for 8XLTOBXIHE. Steeplechase, Contingent. Criterion Stokes. Escutcheon, if started. In bis absence, Bedouin. Sydney Tnttorsall's Cup, Arsenal or The Jbwei. : i 1 fhlliiii f ! w.n'sgc ai LC-SL J j J5y Ihtiwiy; 1 . ,Os»4'j: - ; rvr.kiv .! ( ".jiilr-i,--' js'isKT 15 . f | iiv. '.TrhL. , /.r-.vuv.l. e: aV-.if, . i,( i. - : , .r— ten. i mi!- j I ' , ' " t . .U:: I'.a I. -. > . J.. , m- iiy teeuivvu iweir into a big advertisement, or; aay,fuli-dresS rehearsal for the V.R.C. New Year's Day fixture. Silvermine (who in .all-probability 'will be servei np pretty warmly for the Bagot Plate) was not started in the Summer Gap, and it would certainly have been more honourable if certain other owners and lessees had also pulled their nomina tions out at Caulfield in plaoe of running fraudulently, for waiting tactics were certainly the order of the day. Hundreds to five were freely offered against more than one horse in the Caul- field Summer Cup, but their owners and trainers were conveniently deaf. I need scarcely add that neither of the long, priced division won. Verily things can bs done in broad daylight at Caulfield which the inoi' unscrupulous of the Eng lish legs would not dare to do oil the heath at Newmarket, and which, moreover, would not be tolerated at Flemiogton or Moonee Vail- y. c The finish for the last race of the day at' Caulfield demonstrated one of. .two things — either there were a wretched lot of animals engaged in the Malvern Handicap, .. .v;,. v,.« j ; :K.. 3' c ' :l r'l'-r ; 3 ' he i. j r.- - .. ... NtpPPU oi IW onu auwultl VI w«„ OB„oU. TheD with'. a sudden spasmodical jerk Williams set him going again, and al- though he was fully four lengths behind Damocles, the hollow-backed cheHnut (about the ugliest horse in training) dis played n brilliant buret of speed, which fsirly electrified the onlookers. In the last hundred yards he.was certainly giving DamocleB a start of about fifteen yards, yet eo fast, did he come wheo Williams roused him that as they passed the poBt Damocles wsa certainly not more then a head in front of him. All aorta of reasons have been assigned for the sudden stopping of The Ghost— " stumbled," " ftrnntoil his IttO " -fen __hnt T om in. cllned to think that he didn't like the whip, and Williams, knowing that, very sensibly eased bim a second, end then rode him home with his hands. Any- how, ss I have said, there most have been a terribly bad lot behind, or the apparition, with bis 8at. 51b., would not have been able to partially stop once, and then run right away from his field Again in tbe, last hundred ynrds. My selection — The Levite — > hone of such amorous propensities that I wonder the knife has not been : requisitioned long ere thin— evinced decided partiality for "Mr. Beid's" mares, Grace Darling and Empress, at the peat, end en equally emphatic hostility, towards Kohai and Aehmet. After.- kicking about for some little while, he -was placed on the out- aide. He' got well away, but after a desperate finish with Eohai, whom Ibe tried to savage, he was just beaten by a head.. .However, his backers got a good ran for their money, and if hit.O.table companion, 'Lord Wilton, runs as well next Saturday in the Bagot Plate, he should nearly win. Bookers commenced the day very badly, by laying odds on Mistake, who got all the beat of the start for the Selling Race, which he looked like winning easily until well in tbe straight, when he cut it un. mistakably, and Hot Iran, s Tubal Gain colt, had no-difficu'ty in- getting home firat by a length. Ow!£-y.j O-'vs a T-'.r.ad .<!- tk-,,-' ->k- ";ov r, ,, .. 7 .hUci- j " I-,,-;..,; 'rte viv - ''ttiMjivr. i .trap., i . w1... ' , v.. .no.e ..;ua . ' o-evp.eifinM»0 at r lemmgton about eighteen months back. Banker ran in tbe Caulfield Bteeplechaas, and finished like Bufue, a long » ay briund hie field. Although but one absolute first favourite won daring the afterneon, the ring, ss a hndy, had a very bad time of it, evety winner being baoked. At Bandwick, On the other hand, most of the fielders won, the Gup winner — Dago- bert — being very little fancied. Cairo, who was heavily backed in' Mel bourne, doesn't appear to have started, and those metalliciuns who had books open on this event here were all winners. Hales, who always shines at Bandwick, rode a couple of winners, end administered a staggerer to punters by beating " the certainty," Huntingtower, on Abercorn, in the December Stakes, Pilot, who in uninformed circles (principally in Mel bourne) was said to be good goods, finished, with M .-rry Duchess, absolutely last in the Summer Cup. The Country meetings. Id the country the race meetings were even more numerous thau usnal on Boxing Dav. T1-- vrn/3 - j a wiuuvi .u ML won the Winohelaea Handicap from Tem pest and Foottuan, the fatter being the favourite, Mr. A. G. Young's Hector, who has run uosnocesefuily on the flat in Melbourne, pulled off the Hnrdle Race. At Warrnambool Kilby rode a winning doable on Mr. Moran'e King of the We»t in tiie Maiden Piste and Boxing Day Handiotp, both races being won very easily. King of the West, who Is a four-year-old, ran second to Mr. Moran's Jim Cain in the Albert Stakes at tlie meeting of the club lost year, while Little John appro priated the Boxing Day Haudioap. The uasierion people nau a nice meeting, the Boxing Day Handicap being ap propriated by Eo.ho, while our old friend Ballaral could got no -nearer than third. The Hurdle Race ar Stawell only had two starters ; one of whom was Joey, who ran off, leaving his companion, Bover, to walk in. A light: weight in King Billy won tlia principal handicsp. - Up Wodonga way, the hurdle racer Black Diamond had awiu in the Ladies' Bracelet, while the. places in the Wodonga Handi cap were filled by B >nnie Chester, Kildare, and Coup d'Etat. Sparkle won .the principal -handicap at the Deniliqnin meeting from wight others, and aleo'got hbmfe first ' irx. ijip Flying v Handicap. Sparkle ia a bsagnwrsU by. Spark out of Azure, . and ken a splendid record at country race meeting. Mr. A. Smith, of Lindenow, had couple of wins— at the first day's raring of the Bsirnsdsle meeting -With H-r Ladyship (by His Lordship) in the Sires' Produce Stakes, and Eugenia in the Club Handicap. Mr. J. MGrade also appropriated a couple of races with Mewburu, who won the Maiden Race and Hurdle Race. The time for reoeiving entries for the next M"onee Vsllei meeting hu been extendcd until to-day (Wednesday). The date f r receiving nominations lor the V.A.T.O. Oskleigh Handicap and Hawks- burn Handicap has also been extended until the 5th JenDuy. 