. CANNES. .February 27. — Tho first stono of the chapel to be erected to the memory of tha late Dako of Albany was liid to day by the Prince of Wales. The sits of tho chapel is on tho south side of lh« Collino do California, below tho Eotel do Culiforni?, and the' sacred edifice, which will be built ia tho Anglo-Gothic style, will be 23 metres long and 20 wide. Hie Royal Highnets arrived at 3 o'clock, having on his arm tho Grand Buche£3 of Mooilonburg, and was followed by Prince George of Wales and the principal memben of the English colour. The religious of romony was performed by the Bishop of Gibraltar, assisted by 10 clergjmen of the Knglish Church. After the singing of eevorsl hjmns by a choir of ladies to tho accom paniment of a harmonium, the Princo deposited in n cavity made in th» foundution etone a bottle containing a parchmont, on which the namrs of tho committee by whom the memorial has been organised wore inscribed, and sealed with the arms of His Royal High neBB. Prayers having boon Baid by the cle rgy, the atone was lowered into its plaoe, the Pr ince pronouncing tho following wordi : ' Thus, thus, and thus I lay this stone, in the name of the Father, and of tho Bon, and of tho Holy Ghost, and may God prosper tho work ! Amon . Hear let true faith, the fear of God, and brotherly love ever remain.' Tho foundation stono bean th e following inrcription: 'To the glory of God, and in lovirjg memory of Ieopold, Duke of Albany ; this stone was laid by Albert Edward, Prince of Walep. a.d. MBCCCIXXXVI.' Fivb million noedles recently sunk, with an ocean steamer to tho bottom of the aea. Wo hope the mermaids will take tho hint, and make tL'-mselves some clothes. 'Akd howdoos Charley like going to eohooli*' kindly inquired a goud man of a six-year old boy. ' I like going well enough,' replied the embryo (statesman, ingeniously, 'but I don't like staving after I got there ' Dn--N0T Advbbtisb. — ' I was never oxaotly buried alive,' said an old olerk, recounting his experience. ' but I onoe worked a week in a store that did not advartig e. When I came out tny hoad was almost as white as yon see it now. Solitary confinement did it. The inconsistency of women is beautifully illustrated br tho faot that she will oalmly open a can of s -lmon with her husband's razor, and yot fly into a sort of wild, weird, poetio frenzy when sho boos her husband endeavouring to rcmovo a oork from f, olarefc bottle with her beat embroidery tolaaora. 