THE STORYTELLER* A NOVEL APPARITION. Br Arthcb Lauben'ce. We were all in the smoking-room at Ilollington Grange—all the set, I mean, of which Fred. Winton, our host, had been the moving spirit at Oxford. It was a charming room—square in shape, and panelled throughout with dark oak, from the door to the rauited roof. The style of the furniture was scarcely in keeping with this, for round three sides of the room ran a low divan covered with some soft Eastern staff, and a number of Turkish tables were scattered abont, each with its quaint brazen ash-tray and spirit-lamp. One or two Dresden lamps, with large silk shades, threw their light low down on the eminently-inviting easy chairs, while, above, the darkness of the rafters was made visible by an old Venetian lamp of fretted silver. A couple of cigar i cabinets of marqnetrie work, and a large, pipe-rack, containing a heterogeneous col- j lection, ministered to the smokers' wants, I and a blazing fire of yew and cedar logs added to the appearance of comfort every where. Fred had been a comparatively poor man at Oxford, but, just as the pinch was begin ning to be felt, his great aunt, who during her life had never condescended to recognise his existence, except latterly by Bedding him a tract by her favourite parson pro tern. every Christmas, suddenly died during a slight tiff with the Church in general, and left him Hoilington Grange and a clear twelve thousand a year. It was a quaint old country-house, sym metrical enough in front, but full internally of strange courtyards and quadrangles, which - apparently had no connexion with each other, and which were built in almost every form of architecture from Elizabethan downwards. You ascended staircases which only led down again, wandered through galleries and passages which brought you again to your starting point, or lost yourself in an interminable vista of doors, out of which (as they were not numbered) it was almost impossible to pick your own. Mar-! vellously comfortable notwithstanding, and I lying in the middle of the best hunting country in England. It stood in a splendidly wooded park, the grand old timber of which bad been planted by the monks who centnries before had held high revel at Hoi lington, though the ouly signs of their dominion left were the fish-ponds which still supplied the house. We had been dining remarkably well and fairly wisely, and now that the pool an') ecarte which had succeeded dinner had palled Bomewhat, we were gathered in the smoking-roOtn tor a last chat before bed. The Cabanas were in full swing, when some one Baid, "Fred, which is yonr ghost-room here T I suppose you have one ?' " Oh, it's an utter fraud," was the reply. " I've tried it, find found it wanting. " I did, however, once see a gbost at Ox ford," be continued, meditatively, "and from a recollection of that night I think I've had enough, of them." " I vote Fred tells the story," said the first man. We all assented warmly to this, and oar bosk throwing away his cigar, replied, " Well, if it's any gratification to you, I don't mind. Here goes I " About three years ago I had a very beauti ful wavy-haired retriever . called Wanda —most of you will remember her. I was very proud of her beauty, and passionately fond of her: so, of course, as always happens, she died a violent death. An ignorant brute, who had a gun in his hand probably, for the first time, snot her while she was lying in front of his garden gate waiting for my scout, who used sometimes to take, her out for walks. He swore she had frightened him, the cur 1 I don't know whether she did—I know I did, to .some purpose. t " This happened about three years ago, to wards the end of November, whenltbere were about three weeks left of the Oxford term; and I was terribly cut up. I had be* come so accustomed to having -her always with'me that 1 fretted more than.you would I think, and this probably prepared my mind for wbat follow A > : : " Well, one morning—I think;it was the 10th of December—Morda here, Chandos, ; and myself were breakfasting with Manners, | a chap who used to pride himtelf «a hia iteeakfaste. whieh really wert deuced good. We had finished off with Strasburg Date and Steinberg Cabinet, after devilled kidneys and grilled pheasant, and had settled down con tentedly to our smoke, when someone asked the deur old question, ' What's everyone going to do to- day}' "Manners, who really was a most con siderate man to his guests, was quite equal to the occasion. 1 I've ordered a tandeui at twelve,' he announced, 'and we're all going to drive to Wallingford to dine. I wrote yesterday to order dinner at The Lamb.' "This suited us exactly, so we presently roused ourselves, and strolled round to Charlie Symonds to join the trap, the leader of which was to meet us on the Illley road. It was a bright winter morning, with just enough frost to make our horses' hoofs ring merrily on the road as we bowled along at a good pace. We stopped for a minute at Dorchester, and when we pulled up at the Lamb we found we had done the 10 miles in ju3t over an hour and a half— not very wonderful going, but we had had no reasons for hurrying. Manners, who was driving, very nearly brought us all to irre mediable grief by insisting on driving right into the Lamb yard, through an archway which left only an inch on either side of the vehicle. However, we escaped that danger, and presently Btrolled out into the town to see some people we knew. We returned to the hotel about five, and spent the rest of the time before dinner in somewhat desultory fashion, sitting down to that meal at last in high good temper with ourselves. 'The Heidsieck flowed freely, and the tare was excellent, so by the time we had finished we were in still better tempers, and, indeed, in more or less a state of preservation, as the saying is. Unfortunately, about half-past nine I awoke to the fact that I must get back to Oxford before twelve, as 1 was not in the Deans good books, so we sallied forth to look at the night "It was very Stormy ; snow had been fall ing, and was still coming down in thin flakes —altogether not an inviting prospect My companions with one accord declared their intention of sleeping the night at Walling tord, and endeavoured to persuade me to do the same, which I steadily refused to. With me it was a case of being sent down if I did not get back, so reluctantly 1 was obliged to order the tandem and make up my mind to a lonely drive. As we retired to the bar to hare the stirrap cup while waiting, the other three still urged me to chance the Donnish anger, and remain before the cosy fire in the old inn-parlonr, bat I was obstinate. More entreaties to stay, more refusals, a clatter of hoofs in the paved archway, a chorus of whoops and good-byee from the others, and the horses' heads were loosed and we trotted out of the town into open country, where the snow was once more beginning to fall more heavily. When I began to realise how un comfortable I should be, I almost felt angry with myself tor not having set the Dean at defiance and stayed, but there could be no turning back now ; as I had started I would go through with it. " There were lights in the windows of the Swan as 1 came down the hill past that most charming of riverside hostel ries, but I only hugged myself the closer in my virtue. I re member distinctly, indeed it came back to me a little after with startling vividness, that the blinds were crimson, and that my leader shied a little at what seemed a stream of blood on the snow across our path as we trotted on to the bridge, " The storm seemed still increasing as I passed through Dorchester, and started on the long stretch of unprotected ground between that and Kuneham. It was now impossible to see the tarns, and I had tc trust to the instincts of the horses, who were going slower and slower. The snow was already deep, when suddenly it began to come down thicker than I have ever known it before or since—driven by the wind in my face till I had to close my eyes in self defence. " After a short time of this, during which I realised that I might really be in some danger, I made shift to peer into the dark ness, and endeavour to ascertain where abouts I was. The hedges appeared strange to me, and the road we were on was much narrower than the high-road on which I ought to have been. '"Evidently I had lost my way. "The place I was in was even too narrew to turn in, so, hoping to find seme outlet, I urged the horses forward again. Paralysed by the cold, and suffering intense agony from it, I could barely hold the reins, and could do nothing to guide them. I absolutely felt my senses deserting roe, and began to dream of summer and other scenes, when suddenly I was aroused by the barking of a dog, and. looking up with an effort, saw we were at a place where the road branched into two. The horses were taking the tnrn to the right, but a large dog was jumping up at them, and apparently endeavouring to make them take the other. " I saw the leader try to turn ; then the snow seemed to rise up to meet me, and I fell myself shot out of the trap into the soft bed below. " When I extricated myself with an effort, and gazed stupidly around, the trap in a ditch, with a broken wheel, was the first thing that caught my eye. One of the horse3 was close beside me, and I secured him; the other had wantlered off. " Where was the dog that I had seen before my fall ? I looked around. " Good God 1 Wanda ! my dear old Wanda' She was standing beside me, Wagging her tail and holding in her mouth an end of t broken rein belonging to the horse 1 had hold of. " I remember Baying, ' Wanda, Wanda !' in weak tones, but I was so stupefied that this appearance of my dead dog did not astonish me much. " I somehow scrambled on to the horse, and held on while the dog went in front, still with the rein in its mouth, along the road it had wished us to take at first *' It may have been two minutes or it may have been two hours when I felt the terrible - stupor that attends death by freezing coming over me. I made a violent effort to rouse myBelf and in doing so fell off the horse, I got on my feet again, but all efforts to re mount wen unavailing -, I felt I must straggle against sleep and that I mustwalk on if I was to save my life. • " I turned to the dog and heard myself say in tones that sounded afar off, and like those of some other unhappy dreMuti* "struggling for life, * Home, Wanda 1 Home, good dog f > ' ■■ 1 - ' ' " The dog dropped the rein and walked on in front, so near that I could HlmoSt touch tbe tail, every now and theh turning to look at me reassuringly with the eyes 1 knew so weili; i •> tbl had now only one thought—Uiat of kapping-awuke toeavemy life. AH thepnin ahn horrora of my ei«ifttk>it oM*med "to iw happening to sotne dM Ska, whowifyeolrtd pity,' toot-' whose -fate did' not -othewntoicbii cern foe. •- 8® w6' walked-hd, JabOrtttralyuiid silently, like a death procasslbn. yes eon-:.' acHHH now that tlie snow wiup^eashfo-; then wpa even* atightgleain of'moohlhpit now and then, and ! could see the dog's breath fa front of nw rising opaaus on-the frosty air.** The snow on the ground seemed blood-red,' like the patch in Iront of the Swan's win dows, and I found mys-if stolidly wondering whether it was real biood, and whether that was the reason the horse had shied in front of the Swan, and attain wiu.ther the dog's lent would be dabbled with blood. " Once more 1 felt the sleep-longing coining over me, this time with irresistible force, I when suddenly the dog turned aside with a short bark t-o a gate on the right. " 1 saw her jump up against it and the gate '•pened. I went through mechanically, still leding my senses growing more and more helulvss. I laboured on. too stupid even to Icel despair, but always following the dog. " Presently she stopped short and turned round: 1 peered stupidly forward and there saw what seemed to me a wall; I paused irresolute, but the dog seized the end of my coat and led me a little to one side.l passively following. Now 1 saw more clearly ; there was a door in front ot me ; this must be a | house ! Thank bod ! Thank bod ! Saved ! j "1 stumbled forward to the door muttering ' Good dog! Good dog!' and raised my numbed aim to knock ; it fell gently on the wood with scarce a sound. 1 tried again and again with the same result; 1 was too weak to make myself heard. " So—I must die afier all—here, within roach of help—what a satire ! Warm lires and human hearts, and only a door between ns, and yet I can't let them know that 1 am dying the other side of it. " Yes, this is the end ! I may as well sleep now ; what can it matter ? I turn to (lie dog, who is looking wistfully at me, ' Yes, you've done your best ; noi your fault f 1 feel myself slipping down against the door, and dosing off into my last sleep, when suddenly the dog starts into life, backing furiously and scratching at the door against which I am lying. ' 'Too late ! faith ful old friend, too late ! too late I' " When I awoke in all the agony of return ing circulation, 1 was surrounded hy kind faces and wrapped in warm blankets in an old farm-bouse about three miles from Nunc hatn. 1 looked round faintly. " Where's the dog*' "'There's no dog,' said one of the farm people. ' We were roused by one harking and scratching at the door, but, when we went down and found you, the beast had gone, ami it never came nigh us for all our shout )»g.' "And u>iiv. jou fellows, I'm going to bed ; but don't disturb yourselves; Morris here will act host" " Stop a rniuute, Fred. Do you mean to say | you really saw the ghost of your old dog. I That would be quite a new departure. Surely > there must have been some explanation I" " Well, a possible one," was the reply, "and this is the saddest part of the whole story. Next morning 6ome of t he farm-people found j in a shed some way off a retriever, who ' apparently had crawled there only to die. | She »■»« juit living when they found her, and i no more. The poor thing had had pups, all of which, except one, were dead too. llow anything lived at all in that horrible night is a mystery. "I saw her body afterwards, and she was not unlike my Wanda, but that's all 1 know; «t may be the explanation or not We never found out whose dog she was." Here Fred took up his candle, but turned round at the door ; " You fellows have often elm fled me about pampering Royal," he said, pointing to a dog rising lazily from the hearth-i-up to follow him, "Well. Royal's the pup that was saved." 