old time theatricals. ( Continued ) On New Year's day, 1844, the Theatre Royal was again opened, , The following are copies of two of the " bills of the play " of the period : — THEATRE ROYAL, MELBOURNE This Evbning, Saturday, - January 20, 1844. - will bepresented the favourite drama, . ' entitled MICHAEL ERLE, THE MANIAC LOVER ' or Thb Fair Lass of Lichfield Michael Erie .. .. .. Mr. Snowies GUliflower - : Mr. Capper Mary . . .. ... Mrs, lCpowIca To conclude with a dramatic version of Mr. Charles Dickens' story of NICHOLAS NICKLEBY Nioholos Nlokleby . Mr. Alexander Ralph Nlokle by .. . ». Mr, Capper Bqueers .. .. ' Mr. Knowles JohnBrovrdie 1 M M Mr. Winter Newman Noggs ... Mr. Miller Smike. .. ' .. Mrs. Knowles' Other characters by the. company. Doors open at six, performances com mence at Beven o'clock precisely. PRICES AS USUAL ROYAL VICTORIA THEATRE, MELBOURNE. Immense Attraction. First Night of a Drama of -Intense Interest. The Two Faroes at Half Price. This Monday Evening, Feb. 12, 1844. Will be presented for the first time in the colonies, a musical drama of great , popularity, entitled. . - LOVE'S DREAM 'or Virtue Triumphant To be succeeded by the highly laugh- ' able farce of WHY D I D Y O U DIE ? To conclude with the highly, popular petite comedy in one act of T H E R I V A L P A (3\ E S, Characters by the company Prices of admission s— Boxes, . Four ' shillings, half price, Two shillings; Pit, .Two shillings, half price, One shilling; Gallery, One shilling, No half price, v Doors will open at six o'clock, curtain will rise punctually at seven; The reign of Mr. and Mrs. Knowles ' haying come to ;an. end, a change.. of ;: management was' intimated in the following notice, which was placed throughout the city . THEATREROYAL, MELBOURNE., The ladies and gentlemen of Mel bourne, its vicinity, . and. the public generally, are most respectfully in formed that the theatre having under gone a thorough -repair - in , all its -branches, Has Opened for the Season. It is confidently expected that the - improvements ' and alterations that have : men effected at considerable expense, will meet with the. support ; and patronage of. a generous public..; Great care will be" taken to produce . sterling pieces of the best authors, - and novelties will follow each other in'',' rapid succession. ; For the purpose of . peace, order and regularity, there are a few rules established, and it is most " -' respectfully announced to tho patroiis of the theatre thatthey will be strictly ' adhered to and) enforced; . - Smoking "on no account in any part of the house to he' tolerated, and it is supposed and to he. hoped that the good Sense of the" audience, will be. sufficient to . prevent, a repetition of that nnn'oyance which has hitherto been the subject of com- . plaint , by- every respectable person visiting the theatre. s... . . . , First appearance this season of ' Mr. KNOWLES. ' First time in the colony /of the cele brated drama entitled , THE HEART OF MiDEpTHiAN . Tiiis-'(Thursday) Evening, August" r 15,- 1844. Will be produced for the first time in this . province — Dibdin Pitt's celebra ted drama; taken from the work of Sir VValtor Scott, and entitled THE HEART OF MIDLOTHIAN ' or The Lily of St. Leonard's John, Duke of Argyle . . Mr. Alexander Staunton (Geordie Robertson) Mr. Batters David Deans . . . . Mr. Capper Xiaird O'Dumbeedykes .. Mr Cameron Reuben Butler . , Mr. Wray Saddletree .. .. Mr. Davles' Ratollfle .. .. . .. Mr. MoMillnn Block Frank .. Mr. Burgin Sharpitlaw ... .. ... Mr. Miller Margery Mnrdochson ... Mr.Seorle Queen of England .. . Mrs. Richards EfDe Deans ... " Mrs, Murray Jennie Deans .. ' Mrs. Cameron Mrs. Glass _ . : Mrs. Grove Madge Wildfire .. Mrs. Knowles Mrs. Balohristie .. - Mrs.Grove After which the favourite- song and chorus from ' '.Jack Sheppard, " balled NIX MY DOLLY PALS To conclude with the popular melo drama, entitled A HUSBAND AT SIGHT Characters by the company. tjUT This Theatre will be opened (until further notice ) on the evenings of Mon day, Thursday, and Saturday. The doors will be opened at half past bix o'clock, and the curtain will rise at seven. Admission— Boxes, 4s. half price, 2s. Pit, 2s, half, price, Is. Gallery, Is. no half-price,. Half price to Boxes' and Pit will commence at nine o'clock. ' The orchestra will be under' the, direction of Mr. Richards. The new act drop, proscenium and -scenery have been painted' by Mr. Lightfoot, and the interior of the ' house by Mr. Miller. ! ; Special Notice — A few season , tickets have been prepared, appli cations for which are -to be made to Mr. Cameron as early- as possible. The season which opened so prom ising on. the 12th of August, 1844, was.not a -propitious one, and soon came to an end. . The Port Phillip 'Herald, Tuesday, Sept. 10, 1844, thus ' alludes to the fact : — " The Theatre— -we regreo no snaie man mis place oi ; amusement, is again falling into dis- . repute, through mismanagement, and the bad conduct of one of the actresses, . who frequently appears on the stage in a state of intoxication. . On Satur- ' day last no performance took place, inconsequence of the Leader of the Band, refusing to go into the orchestra :! until his salary was -paid him. As itlie "Ghost" did not walk — the . T.AnifliaY. rtfF Vtntna (To be continued, ) W.H.W. At; the age of eighty-sev,en the veteran dramatist Mr. ! J. . A. Herand \- is about-to publish what. he.announces will be his last poem, entitled, " The Sibyl Among the Tombs." Many v'fln.T\s acri. He nrnilnnAfl n, ' ftf.rikinor composition with ia .strange,, title,; . whicli will long be remembered in con- . nection with, one of. the lnbst.'caustio ' repartees which Douglas Jerrold ever.: uttered. '-'Have you seen my' 'Des cent into Hell?'" asked the poet, a few days after. its publication; " No," "growled the wit, " but I should very much like to." . - : " .. Mr. Deane. Brand and Miss Kate Chard, both well known in the colon ies, have been engaged by Augustus Harris for the production of a new .and original comic opera by Hervb at "Drury La.nc; next Autumn. .. 