A TRUE GHOST STORY. [By oun own Sightseer.] Shortly after returning homo from my first voyage to sea—that is about ten years —I was invited by a well-to-do auni, wbooo only encumbrances in tho world wore pretty daughter about my own age and a ig cat, to spend tbo Christmas with her at an old Manor House she had recently rented on the southern coast. I willingly accepted the invitation, and a week before Christmas [ was formally installed in the best span; room, which, to nay intense delight, commanded a splendid view of the s^a. Adjuiuing my room, which was on the second floor, was another one equally spacious, in which my aunt slept, while communicating with the same was a much smalki one, llm holy of holies of my pretty cuusin. A wild and old-fashioned staircase led dowa to tho first floor, ou which wore a drawing-ioom, dining-room, and sitting or smokingroom, all of which were fitted up with handsome old oak furniture, whilo the ground-floor was used ae a kitchen, and contained a snug little retreat for tho housekeeper and her husband, an apparently vory religious couple, between 30 and 40 years of age. Tho Manor House, which had a very picturesque appearance, was surmounted by a tower, containing three rooms, one over tho oilier, reached from the second floor by a narrow staircasc, but whiih was said never to have been visited since tho death of the landlord a score of years ago. My aunt was delighted with the mansion, which just suited hoc taste, and told me in confidence that sho had rented it for a mere song on account of report that it was haunted. " But," said my aunt, who was a strong-minded woman, with beautiful silver hair, aud much given to writing poo try, " you know there are no such things as ghosts, and if simple-minded people will believe in them we may as well take advantage of their folly. Besides," she added, "the housekeeper, who has lived here all her life, has nover seen a ghost, and says that an open Bible, a / Companion to Watts'e Hymns,' and 'Short Headings for the Sick and Aged,' which form the only library of herself and husband, are enough to scare away, all tho ghosts in creation." As for ruy pretty cousin and myself I need hardly say we were enchanted with tho idea of living in a haunted house. I have already mentioned that my. aunt had a bi^ cat, of which, indeed, she was so fond—an attachment, 1 may add, that was fully reciprocated—that I firmly believe if : it had died she would have mourned its loss almost as much if it had been that of her only child, of whom also she was extremely fond. Having a natural liking for cats myself, I soon took to "Big Tabby," as we used to call her, and in order to testify its affection for.us loth, it used to sleep first, in one room and then in the other, showing thus a kind of divided allegiance. Its only f.iult—if fault it ;were—seemed to be an (.xtieino antipathy to cats, especially black oner, of its own size. This peculiarity showed itself immediately on ariival at the Manor House by a tremeudous fight with a still larger cat owned by the huusckeepor, and the battle which ensued between ibem would assuredly have raultud in the death of one or other of the eumbntants had they not been forcibly separated, the housekeeper testifying, if that were possible, even more solicitude lor "Black Gorgon," . as it was called, than did mv aunt for "BigTabby." Notwithstanding its name, "Black Gorgon " was not entiicly black, its belly and paws being as while as milk ; but it had a strange weird appearance, its groat grey eyes glraming in the daik v.-ilh ' a half-intelligent, half-ferocious look, as if, gorgon-like, they would turn the object of tlieir hate to stone. Somehow or other I • didn't take to this cat, which remiuded me forcibly of tho black cat of Difoc, that mysterious animal poind whose neck its guilty master saw day by day, and with ever-. increasing horror, grow first a ciiclo of white and then the figure of a halter, and which, bricked up in a wall along with his murdered wifj, r<-vt aVd the secret of his masters crime by his unearthly cries.- However, my aunt at once gave orders that the two cats should never meet again, and tho housekeeper took precautions accoidingly. On Christmas l)*y my aunt determined to give a giand party, and issued ' invitations tu all the big nobs in the neighborhood whose acquaintance she had^made... Christinas Evo'accordingly \m§ a d«y of bustle and preparation from which I sought to escape as well as J could. In the morning I had an unsurmountablo desire to examine the tower above my room, of which mention has already been made. The staircase leading up to the first room above was so daik I could see nothing, and further progress was barred by a locked door. I went down to the housekeeper's room to ask for the keys, but the housekeeper was BO busy upstairs preparing for the expected party that she did not hear me call. However, I saw her bunch of keys lying on the table and with these I made off. Of this I was rather glad, as I did not feel at all sure that the housekeepei •would have given the keys up, and my cariosity to inspect the tower was increasing every minute. Having secured the keys I rushed upstairs and commenced operations. Unlocking the first door I lifted the heavy latch, which was similar to the one attached to the outside, both of my own and my aunt's door, and pulling it towards me, for it swung from above with a creaking sound, I went upstairs. Another door unlocked and opened as before showed me an empty room, with one narrow window, looking seawards, above which were two other rooms equally deserted and equally dark Having thus satisfied my curiosity, although to tell the truth I was rather disappointed at finding so little, I went back, carefully locking the doors on my way, and deposited the keys where I had found them without the housekeeper apparently having noticed the loss. After dinner, and notwithstanding the state of tbc weather, which waB very equally and extremely cold, I dropped into the Sailor's Arms, a little public-house some two miles off, where I had caught a glimpse of a very pretty girl a day or two before, whom the landlady, her mother, called Nancy. Ou seeing me enter, and noticing I was wet, Nancy, who was serving beer to some watermen at the bar, opened the door of the bar parlor and askad me to step in and dry myself, an invitation you may be sure, which I was nothing loth to accept. Nancy, who looked about 17, had a wealth of light-brown hair coiled about her prettily shaped head, a pair of lustrous, sympathetic eyes, a pleasant intelligent face, and, what is still more uncommon among my countrywomen, a decidedly good figure. I soon engaged her in conversation, during the course of which I told her I was spending Christmas at the Manor House. " What!" she exclaimed with astonishment, " you are staying at that ill-fated house 1 Then you will surely rue it. No one ever put foot inside that house without regretting the day." " Do you, too, believe in ghosts ¥' I said. " Tell me, that is if you know, what is the story attached to the Manor House." "I know as much about it," replied Nancy, " as I suppose anyone who never lived in it ever will know; but mark my words, before to-night is over you will know more about it than L" " Oh! that is nonsense," I said. " I have been there already nearly a month, and a more delightful time I never spent." "That is veiy possible," said Nancy, " but no one has ever spent a second Christmas Eve in the Manor House for 20 years." " Why, how can yo-i know that VI said. " You surely are not 20 years of age yourself?" " You are right," said Nancy, " but my mother, whom you saw last time ycu were here, has told me about it many a time. She has gone out to make some preparations to celebrate the anniversary of her wedding, which took place 20 years ago to-morrow. On that very day—and my mother has often read me the account of the inquest— the owner of the Manor House, a man about 40 years of age, was found dead in his bed with hie brains blown out by a revolver. A note was on the table stating that on Christmas Eve two years previously he had murdered a girl after having kept her locked up in the tower for a long time, and that the body would be found in the garden. The note added that full particulars of the crime would be found among his papers. It was then remembered that the wretched man's wife had also died in a very mysterious manner on that very same night in the previous year. A search was made in the garden as directed, and the body of a female was found buried under a al&b;, where it still remains; but although all the drawers and wardrobe were ransacked no papers bearing on the crime were found. For a long time the old bouse remained empty, and on the only three occasions on which it has been let since then/' said Nancy in an earnest tone, "the occupants left on Christmas Day." "All that may be true," I said, " and it is at the least highly romantic, but still X see no reason why, even if there be any ghosts, they should haunt me." Nancy turned upon me a pair of eyes beaming with sympathy, and entreated me to stay till her mother returned, which would not be long. There was a spare room in the honse which was at my service, and anything, she said, would be better than spending Christmas Eve in the old Manor House. Much as I liked Nancy's company, and willing as I might have been to accept BO kind an invitation, still it was of course out of the question. I accordingly thanked my pretty entertainer for her story, and promising to let her know if anything unusual occurred I left for the Manor House, my curiosity, I need hardly say, roused to the highest pitch by what I had just heard. Squally as the weather had been when 1 started, it was now doubly so. The wind blew in hurricane gusts, whirling madly round the narrow streets, knocking over the chimney-pots in its way and driving the snow and sleet into my face and wetting me to the bono. The 6ea, lashed by the wind, rushed wildly against the shore, sending its ppray over the tops of the houses, and sullenly retreating, dashed against the cliffs with an angry roar as i'' determined to annihilate them where they stood. Two ships, lying at anchor in the roads, had sent up signals of distress, and the lifeboat, which had gone to their assistance, had just returned. One of the ships, they 6aid, had dragged its anchors and, driving against the other, had foundered with all bands, while its equally Unfortunate neighbour, in its endeavour to escape, had drif;ed on to the sands and was supposed to be lost. Arrived at the Manor House I found my aunt in a very uncomfortable state, all her acquaintances in the neighborhood having written at the last moment to decline her invitation, some alleging one thing and some another in excuse. I then told her what I had heard, which naturally enough raised her curiosity, though it did not apparently seem to excite any alarm. About 10 o'clock wo retired for the night, it being Big Tabby's turn to sleep in my room. The night was so dreadfully stormy that I was unable to sleep. I therefore lit a cigar and meditated on the extraordinary story I had heard. One thing in particular struck me—namely, that the details of the crime were not known, the papers containing them never ha.'ing been found. Impelled by my curiosity, I turned over the drawers of the wardrobe and of the secretaire, not that I expected to find anything, but moved by a feeling which I could not resist. My search, aB I expected, was fruitless, there being nothing in the drawers besides my own apparel but copies of old newspapers, with which, as is customary, they were lined. At last my eyes rested on a sombre-looking chest at the foot of my bed, of which I had not taken any particular notice before. It was very large, of a dirty black color, and, unlike the chest of drawers, was locked, but my curiosity would not allow me to stop at trifles, and after working at it a few minutes with a chisel I managed to break it open. The inside of the box, or rather chest, was in the greatest possible confusion, papers of every description, such as copies of old newspapers and musty-looking documents, as well as portions of women's clothing, being scattered about. I hastily put the clothing in a drawer in the wardrobe and proceeded to examine the papers and documents. The latter comprised several copies of a will, presumably made by the late owner, and legal instruments of seemingly no particular value. The papers wore principally local ones, four of which, duplicated, were dated twenty years ago, and contained a full report of the inquest on the body of the unfortunate suicide. In one of those I found the exact words of the note which the deceased had written on that fatal Christmas Eve. It was substantially the same as what Nancy had told me, but the part referring to the lost papers arrested my attention. " A full and complete confession of my crime and of its terrible consequences will be fouod among my papers in the 8 . , . Wliat followed, said the witness who produced the note at the inquest, had been obliterated by a spark from the revolver falling on the paper and destroying the edge. He presumed, however, that the word secretaire was meant, but although thiB bad been thoroughly searched no papers of any kind relating to the crime had been found. The other newspapers in the chest were of a much more recent date, and contained advertisements of the letting of the Manor House from time to time, and also scattered paragraphs relating to it, among them being several accounts of the hasty departure of its occupants, all such paragraphs being invariably dated shortly after Christmas Eve. The chest was now apparently empty! the clothes and the newspapers and the legal documents being all stowed away separately in the wardrobe. Having done this, I lit another cigar, my first having gone out during the process of examination; and fell into a brown study. That a con fession and that an intensely interesting one, had really been written, I had no manner of doubt, and that it had never been found seemed equally clear. Although twenty years seemed rather a long time to have elapsed, yet the Manor House had been almost wholly deserted since then. The search at the time appeared to have been rather hastily conducted, and it was not altogether improbable, I thought, that the papers might even yet be found. The only qnestion was where to look. The letter "s" in the note written by the deceased had been taken to mean the secretaire ; but might it not mean something else ? Any- way it was a secret which was well worth discovering, and I was determined, if possible, to find it out. At this moment " Big Tabby," who had been curled up asleep on my bed, woke up and came purring to my side. Seeing the open chcst she jumped in and curled herself up again as if for a sleep. I could not divest myself of the idea that this chest had something to do with the secret. It looked so mysterious, standing there so solemnly at the foot of the bed, that I determined to have one more look. Pulling out the cat, who had seemingly ensconced herself in it for the night, I proceeded to examine the chest with the minutest care. At this moment the moon, which had hitherto been hidden by the storm-clouds, burst out for a moment, and looking in through the window seemed to peer right into the chest, which she lit up with a weird light. The illumination was but for a moment, the storm-cloud again hiding her face, but as she withdrew her light she shone right through a tiny crevice at the bottom of the chest and revealed, what no one seemed to have known before—a false bottom. The letter S then must have referred to the secret drawer in this chcst. Elated with the idea of soon discovering the object of my search I probed the bottom of the chest with my hands, but not the least sign of an opening was to be found, and to all appearances it was as innocent a box as ever was made. But I was not to be baulked by appearances, and after several minutes' hard work I managed to turn the chest, which was very heavy, on its side. The outside, however, bore as little evidence as the inside of the false bottom, which I was firmly convinced it had, and which indeed only the glance of the moon had revealed. The inside seemed to be on a perfect level with the outside, and if there were a secret drawer it must be exceedingly small. The only way to get at it was evidently to break in the bottom, and this, after ten minutes' hard work, I managed to do, when sure enough a lot of papers fell upon the floor. I cannot describe my sensations on coming for the first time, after so many years, on these confessions of what turned out to be one of the most diabolical of crimes. The ink with which they were written was discolored by age, although not so much as they would have been in a less secure holding-place. The first two or thre9 pages, were almost illegible, seemingly from the effects of fire, and they had evidently all been written in extreme haste, as if tho soul of the unhappy man had been wrung by the horrors he was conjuring up. I smoothed down' the papers, and essayed several times to read, but at first was unable to do so. The wind had been increasing during the night, and it was now blowing a furious gale, which shrieked and howled round the old mansion like disembodied spirits chasing each other with fearful glee through the halls of the lost. The rain beat pitilessly upon the window-panes and ran in an unceasing stream from the roof. The sea, reudered furious by the storm, had overflowed, and each successive wave seemed as if it would sweep U3 from the land. The clock upon the stairs struck 12, and unable any longer to restrain my curiosity I turned once more to tho manuscript, and read as follows:— "CONFESSIONS OP A. MUHDEBEE, " Christmas Eve, 1860. — Again this fatal Christmas Eve, the anniversary of my crime ! Heavens, how my blood courses through my veins at the thought! My brow is hot &B; fire, big drops stand upon my forehead, my pulec is feverish, and a horrid tear, impossible to shake off, seizes upon my very vil&ls.; The cloister- bell tolls oat the midnight hour, perhaps the'last I shall ever bear, for if IT comes again—IT,' IT 1 with its slow step down the cold dark stairs, and wringing its hands to me as it did on that night . . . Ah 1 why did I not have pity f How could I have done such a frightful deed ! Never, no, not for one minute since that fAtal night have I had rest; never has the vision ceased to baunt me by day and by night. There it ever stands, wringing its thin and shrivelled hands, as if imploring for a mercy it was never' to obtain. Only two short years ago ! ' It seems an age, and not the great God himself can. wipe out from the record that hideous crime. Would that He could. She deserved not such an awful fate. Ah 1 I remember her yoang and beautiful, vjth hair as black as it was luxuriant, and eyes that were all tenderness and love, and now—Great Heavens I the night she implored for mercy, with outstretched arms and eyes that glowed with a maniac's fire, for I had treated her so vilely that the gentle light from those eyes bad fled for many a year, And yet when I met her first as she tripped along so happy by herself, BO unconscious of all ill, how beautiful she I.wkci ! G «»] G.»d 1 Would that we had never met 1 Wuuid ;h.u these eyes had lost their lu*r>* they ba»i sown pucb an angel bat to des*r<>y ! But repentance is i<><> late. It cannot alrnr J li- irrevocable. She l«ft her home for love «-f in", mil we lived a happy life for years. BIR T-ICN; IT is A<r*in, with outstretched arras and threatening glince, . . . I tell you 1 canuothelp it now; the deed is done. . Leave me in peace. . . But no, it is only my fancy. Yet to-night, the anniversary of my crime, if IT come to-night, as it did last Christmas Eve, I will live no longer ; I will—well, let IT come, I care not; I cannot hurt her more. How is it that love can change to hate I cannot tell, but so it was with mine; and when she begged me and implored me on her bended knees to make my promise good and right her before the world's censorious eye, I had already ceased to love. And then commcnced a fatal time for her, for night after night 1 used to beat and finally to starve her, aud then I bound her in a room, the topmost room of all, all by herself, and gave her bread and milk, and often bread alone. And then—but why recount the story? I loved again; or was it her gold that tempted me to wed? And on that fatal Christmas Bve, the night before my wedding day, she whom I had so foully wronged heard—how I cannot tell — that I was about to wed auother, and forcing all the doors came down and appeared at the foot of my bed. I think I hear her step again, slowly descending from the topmost room, lifting the latches and swinging the doors in front, and then with outstretched i and those maniac eyes she implored me— standing there at the foot of my bed—to pity and forbear. Why did the demon- tempt me to the crime ? With one fell spring I rushed at her, and with an atvful cry she fled from the room, and back to her own den she ran, with me, like the Fiend of Vengeance, at her heels 1 From her own room downstairs again till in the adjoining room with awful shrieics the while the crime was done. I buried her. From that day to this I have never had one moment's peace. As the cloister bell tolls out the hour of 3, on the auniveisary of my crime, her shadow visits me. I hear the latches lift, and the doors swing on their hinges, hard with rust, and then the chase begins again, and amid awful shrieks I seem to murder her 1 If revenge is all she seeks God knows she has been revenged. Tbe first anniversary of that dreadfnl night my second wife died in her bed—tbc doctors said of heart disease. But I know better. She had seen and heard the ghost, but never lived to tell the tale. Christmas Eve has come again, and if IT comes to-night— IT, IT, the horrible phantom which tortues my life into a daily death—IT may claim me for ITS own, for I will live no more. Death can come but once, and I will summon the Angel of tbe Last Trump to my aid this very night." For some time after reading this harrowing confession I was unable to lift my eyes from the tear- stained page. Pity for the fate of the unhappy lady whose love had been so woefully abused was tbe uppermost feeling in my breast. One thing struck me in particular, namely, that the description of the midnight chase exactly tallied with the construction of the doors leading from the tower, all of which, as I had noticed during my stolen visit in the morning, as also my own and my aunt's door, were fitted with heavy latches and swung in the same direction. I had carefully locked them all at the conclusion of my inspection that morning, and they were presumably locked now, but the staircase was so horribly dark that I did not venture to go and see. It was now nearly 1 o'clock in the morning, and I could not resist tapping at my aunt's door. Tho noise, light though it was, immediately woke her, and hearing my voice she bade me come in. I then told her that I had discovered the dreadful secret, that I had found the papers in & drawer in the old chest, and that I could not resist tapping at her door to see if she were awake. I am almost as curious as yourself," she said, " and for fear of waking Nellie, who was fast asleep in the inner room, you shall sit on the old chest and read me the story aloud." This £ accordingly proceeded to do, and my aunt soon knew as mnch about the affair as I did myself. My aunt—whose kind, pleasant voice and silvery hair I remember now, and shall never forget—was naturally very much moved by what she. heard, although she would not let me see that she felt any alarm. The man, she said, must evidently have been haunted by his own conscience, and met a dreadful though a fitting end. The crime seems-to have been committed not on Christmas Eve; tout' at 3 o'clock in the morning of Christmas Day, a very unusual time for a ghost to walk about. After advising me to put the papers and the clothes back in the box, and to replace it in its former position and go to sleep, my aunt left the room, giving me a tigs—the Jast one, though I little thought it, which the dear soul was to give me on earth—before sho went. I obeyed her directions, replaced everything, so far as I cuuld, in its former position, got into bed, and, tired out with the excitement of the day, was soon fast asleep. When the bodily frame is thoroughly exhausted—and mine certainly was on that never-to-be-forgotten night—sleep is generally so profound that iu one hour as much rest is obtained as on ordinary occasions would scarcely be obtaiued in half a dozen. When the bell from the neighbouring monastery tolled out, with slow and solemn sounds, the hour of 3, I accordingly woke, and felt as if I had al ready slept an age. At first my scattered senses vainly endeavoured to recall what had occurred. I heard, however, a slow tread on the stairs above, and then the latch lifted, the topmost door swinging on its hinge, and the step descended with measured tread to the door beneath. At once. I remembered, all, but for a moment imagined-it must be my aunt, who, impelled by her curiosity, was examining the place herself. But the thought that the doors were locked and the keys 6afely lodged with the housekeeper dispclled'this idea almost as soon as entertained. In the meantime the step was still descending, and in a moment would be at my door. The gale was still furiously raging outside, and the noise of the elements alone was almost enough to distract the boldest. I buried my head in the clothes in a fright As I heard the step approach the threshold, the lifting of the latch, and the ewihgibg in" of "my bedroom door. For one'-second I looked, and there at the foot of my bed stood a form looking exactly described by the blood-haunted murderer, a siugle ray' from the moon shedding a pale-bat distinct-light upon the thin outstretched hands, shaking visibly as if,.imploring for the mercy that was never granted, and upon the long garment of whitp;- The sight would have unnerved a stronger man than I, and for a moment I lay almost senseless' on the bed. Then''occurred the most horrible sounds I had._e.Y.er..heard. First the room wad filled with unearthly noiseB, as of disembodied spirits writhing in agony and pain ; then followed A rusli as of two up the narrow stairs, a return down the narrow staircase (this time the steps of two being plainly apparent); then the lifting of my aant'i iVu/j-i.' • • jfs.\ «i latch, the swinging of the door, and finally , u i »i i ii two piercing human shrieks, when all was silent as before. What followed then I canudt tell, for I fell unconscious on the "bed, land for three long days and nights they said I could not speak and hardly seemed to breathe. When I regained con- ~ T F a I R • UJ 8ciousne?s I found myself in my own bed. 1 * S * — u i • ii far away from the seashore, and in my old , r J . . , T ' • . « T j home. 1 Wondenugly I enquired how I c « there, and noticed then that all were 1 dressed in black Four nights ago, on Christmas Evo, they said—at the mention 1 of that fatal date I remembered all- the eccret drawer, the confessions of the awful crim^j v the mystery of the stairs, and the unearthly sounds and shrieks. " Where is my aunt ?" I asked, with baced:breath, as the thought flashed up m tue that it was in her room that the dreadful sounds had ceased. "My aunt," they replied, " was dead of heart disease." On bearing the frightful shrieks they sought her room, and found her with her ftco'upturned, as rigid as a corpse, and her favorite cat beside her, both dead. The Manor House was left at once, the body bciug conveyed to the family yanlt for burial, and I being takon home. Tho Manor House was thus again to let. THE EPILOGUE. Ton years afterwards, one Christmas Evo, I happened to be passing by tho same old spot, and my cariosity naturally incited me to visit the Manor House. Not ft vestige of it, however, was to be seon ; only a l.lank space, burned as by fire. I stood looking at it for some time in astonishment, till tho occupant of a cottage close by, observing my curiosity, informed me that nine years ago that very night the house had been found in flames ond burned to tho ground, and that as bocne would ever buy tho ground, which was considered unholy, it remained an open waste. I next wont to the little publichouse in town, thinking perhaps I might catch a glancc i>f Nancy; but Nancy and her mother had long, since left, and in their.-.stead Was a 1 , face I remembered well, though ten years of trouble had so changed mine that she did not recognise mo, and I took care not to tell who I was. It was the-pious' old housekeeper at the Manor House. I sat again in the armchair in the coBy little parlor, and called for grog as of yore. The night was web and cold, the wind was blowing in strong though fitful gusts, and I could almost fancy it was the same evening so many years ago. Just before lO-o'clock, when the house was being closed, I hoard a singular noise on the stairs, which recalled once more with startling vividness that dreadfnl night. A latch was lifted, an upper door swnng on its hinge, and a slow step descended. It approached the very door beside which I was sitting ; that,loo, swung on its bingo, and Black Gorgon, the same great cat as of old, bounded into the room, hanging on to the latch, which it had been cleverly taught to open of itself, and stood before me on its hind legs, and, dog-like, shook its white paws as if begging for bread. I regarded the landlady in astonishment. " You may well be surprised," said that, apparently pious wrotch. " I taught it that trick when it was a kitten, and if it c-iuld speak it could tell many a strange tale. Ten years ago this vory night" I waited to hear no more, but rushed out into the darkness and the rain. The mystery was explained. The ghost which had killed my painted aunt and nearly frightened the life out of me was this wretched cat taught by this woman, and the unearthly noises in my room and the scampering up and down stairs as of two was the fight between the Gorgon and the tab. The human shrieks, alas ! had been my aunt's. 