CHURCH PAROCHIAL MISSION ASSOCIATION AND THE EVANGELIZATION SOCIETY OF VICTORIA. To the Editor of Tlie CJturch of England Messenger. Deau Sir — Two statements were put into the hands of Churchmen ?- ji last month, though in different papers, which deserve comments- § the first annual report of the Parochial Mission Association, referred i \ to in the Missionary, showing the financial position of the associa- \ tion, and a letter asking for help from the kindred society, published |: in The Messenger. With respect to the first, we are told that the '« Rev. W. G. Marsh, the authorised missioner, conducted thirty-two I missions in different parts of the diocese, but that whilst each parish S XLX VVU1UU Lit UilOaiUU 1VPU £1\\-1U Ul/JLJl CbJ IjUL V LJLK* C*. j-lliJUO^O Ul I/UW U1J.0D.LWU ? and the travelling expenses of the missioner, the amount of contri- [ butions to the association was only £57, the consequence being that f the committee were something like £100 short of ? their required income. Now, there must be something radically wrong in this, matter. I happen to know for a fact that a scaitered parochial district in the north-east, almost the most distant from the city, to H which the. travelling expense would be very considerable, yet paid H all the necessary expenses and forwarded nearly £12 to the B association. The balance, therefore (£45), was contributed by H about thirty parishes, and some of them city parishes. It H could nob be said that the parochial district was better able H to contribute the larger sums, because those who are acquainted H with it know that it was never in so depressed a state as at present. H It is not surprising that the committee find their usefulness impeded S if such scanty liberality is shown by those who participate in the 9 benefits of the association. If I am rightly informed, missions were n held in at least six city and suburban parishes. Their contributions H ? must have been sadly disproportionate to the population of each. If ? each had given one special collection the amount contributed should fl have proved sufficient to pay the expenses of the mission and have B left a handsome balance to be forwarded to the treasurer, the more B so because for city churches the travelling expenses of the missioner B is reduced to a minimum. In one of the parishes where a mission B was held nearly £600 a year is spent in connection with the dsual fl services. I presume the musical portion takes the largest Bhare. A B tithe of that amount as a thank-offering for increased vitality would B have set the committee free from half their present anxiety. Much B is often said and written about the many calls upon city churches, ? ' but if the matter were investigated it would be shown that not a few B poor scattered parochial districts, burdened with debt, and with no Hj ; endowments, contribute much more largely in proportion to the ? various funds of the Church than many parishes near the city. If H the Parochial Mission Association is doing a good work — aud no one H who knows the missioner can doubt it for a moment — then all H parishes, particularly those who have had the benefits of the mission, H ought to show practical sympathy with its work, and not contribute a ? mere trifle. I have not received a full report for the past year, but B shall be rather curious to know by whom the £45 was contributed. I This leads me to speak of the letter inserted by the officers of I the kindred society. Though sympathising with their work, and I ' being by no means an ultra-sectarian, I think that any support that I Churchmen can give to the objects of the societies ought to find its 1 way to our own — at any rate until it is free from its present liability. I Unfortunately, owing, I suppose, to the tightness of the money 1 market generally, very little is contributed for the evangelisation of ? . , our own heathen, although considerable sums are sent to foreign I 6 countries, and therefore the committee of our own society can I ? ; i rightly claim the first place in the sympathy of Churchmen. I i Another reason suggests itself, of which I speak from personal I experience. Although the Evangelization Society is formed on unde I nominational lines, and professes to carry on its work in the same I ; spirit, its principles are sometimes utterly disregarded by its agents. I One particularly, on two different visits to a certain parish, spoke I most unguardedly and disrespectfully of the Church's head and the I Church's services, besides working most evidently into the hands of i one section of the Christian Church; so much so, that when a third I . visit was contemplated, the clergyman was compelled, in the interests I of the Church, to ask the society to cancel the engagements. No I doubt in other places it has been different, but the action of the I agent in question destroyed all my faith in the undenominational I character of the work carried on by the society. As a purely 1 missionary agency it demands our support and sympathy ; but when I our own association is languishing for lack of funds, we ought to I help that as the first thing, until it is restored to a prosperous I condition. Doubtless the great need of the Church is a true spirit of I liberality — liberality from the highest motives— that being ' enlight j . ened, and having tasted of the heavenly gift, and made partakers of the Holy Ghost,' we desire that others may be 'partakers of our joy;' for when we possess that spirit it will be easy to say Take my silver and my gold, - „ Not a mite would I withhold. Hoping soon [to hear that contributions have flowed in to our own association, I am, dear sir, yours, &c;, V. M. C. 