Fiction, Throe .Kaon la H» lifM Mall. Wbixe it down! Write it down !" For many a long daythese words have been haunting me—me, astaid, sensible apin <ter, who saver in her life wrote down anything more important than a letter oi eotne half-doxen sheets. For many a, day then I have thought and thought whether X ought not to put down, for the benefit of this cynical} incredulous gene ration} the one great inexplicable adven ture of my quiet spinsterbood. After,] trying many polished and roundabout be ginnings, upon which I waBted several •beets of good paper, I at last came to the conclusion that it was quite futile for me to try and begnile the public—and above alt the publishers—into the idea ; that I was a rising and talented authoress hot that I had better just narrate in my plain way my strange and awfal experi ence ; trusting to the generosity of my leaders to pardonanyslips or roughness Inmy composUion ; mounding them again that aincethe days when I wrote essays on " History," " Truth -for my Bnglitth governess at schbol, all my at tempts in Hrio-jioe have been confined to a six-crGSsed sheeted letter to a bosom friend. In the first place, I suppose I onght to tell you something of my personal ap pearance, though as I utterly despise and abhor all such fabrications of lies as novels or novelettes, and have never opened one for—perhaps I had better not say how many years—I have consequently no idea what is the fashionable style of beginning. "Well, X am 5 feet 8 inches in height, 1 have grey eyes, a Roman nose, and a sharp chin. I am a strong advocate for women's suffrage, and in fact, for the rights of women of all kinds. I have never addressed a meeting yet, nor can I put myself down aB a " B. A." or " S.A.," as the feminine degree must, I suppose, be called, though X am afraid the tender feelings of the sex will bB hurt if any dif ference is made between them and their more favoured fellow creatures. Up to a certain period of. my life, If there wab one subject upon which I felt particularly strong it was on " Ghosts." 1 felt once or twice that X really could apeak on that subject, and even contemplated giving a lecture, but somehow, when 1 bad walked down to the Assembly Booms, and stood in the middle of the one I was going to choose for my debut, my heart failed me; I looked at the high walls, at the rows of empty seats, filled in my imagination with countless heads—1 believe there is something wrong in that sentence, but it sphindfl so flowing, I can't find the heart to scratch it oat—when I looked at those seats, and then at the raised platform in the dim distance, I—well I went home and burnt the advertisement which I had written out. But my contempt for ghosts continued in full force. I dismissed three nursemaids for telling ghost stories to my nieces of whom I had .cbarge. x '"tOrfCa Aoob»-^pbb—fco'ttlB- parish church yard—taking cars to be well above it— and I was just on the brink of joining the committee for " Haunted Houses," when the event happened which neces sitates my writing now. Yes, tip to the time of that event 1 would cheerfully have faced a dozen churchyards on the darkest night, and as for a haunted house, I laughed at the idea, and always made a point when I went to stay at any country' mansion of selecting the darkest, most oak-panelled, and most tapestried room. Yet even in those days it did strike me sometimes, as perhaps it has struck other people like myself, that every now and then queer things did occur ; things by which it gradually became evident to my friends that my opinion on some points had changed ; so they have, and 1 think when you have read how they were changed, yours may change too, unleBB yon take refuge, as I am sorely afraid you will, ia "digestion," and " delusions of the brain." It was the night of the second of November, and as my High Ohnrch cousin, at whose house I was staying, informed me the " Feast of ail Souls." .It was a weird, wild night, dark, and raining gustily every now and then. The owls hooted and yelled in the tall dark elmB with which the little par sonage was surrounded. The clouds went rushing in fragmentary masses across the sky—grey, black, and white—in appa rently hopeless confusion. I am not artistic nor aesthetic, hence this unem bellished description. Besides, I had I something else to do that night than gaze | at the flying clouds, and "listen to the moaning wind and gusty rain. I was deeply engaged in the necessary bat an romantic occupation of " packing up," having before me the present prospect of a night journey of more than a hundred miles to the house of a dear sick friend in London, who had telegraphed for me that afternoon. Yet, though at the time I noticed it so little, I shall never forget to the day of my death the sound of that rashing, screaming wind, nor the sight of those angry, flying clouds. The train left the country town from which I was to start at 10.59 p.m., and arrived in London at 1.40 a.m. " A wonderfully quick journey," as I remarked to my cousin, "scarcely a stop all the way." "Oh, cousin Joan!" said the timid little voice of my cousin's young wife. " I wish you could Btay till to-morrow ; indeed, it is a fearful night, so dark and wild. I would not travel all that way by myself to-night for anything. Don't you really think you had fetter wait till the morning ; there is an early train ?" "Nonsense, child," I answered, "the night is not a bit cold, and as for the darkness, I shan't trouble much about that when I get into the comfortable lighted carriage." But she would not be satisfied ! with her little pale face, and an anxious timid look in her eyas, she came nearer to me. "Dear Joan, she asid, in a low, rather fearful voice, "it is not only that the night Is vary wild, bijt—b«^-?IJcooir you.' viil think nu fpqr jil^t second of November, thenight he went away." r Whit wpta &ife;|ftifA;]^li£fNP countenance suddenly grow white, as the mirror opposite told me it did, and then flash t -deep scarlet; what was it that made ine suddenly wishthat I was not going oat into the .great darkness and the wild -wind j what- mas' it ihht-made me from that moment notice every moan of that same wind, and every gusty splash of the cold rain 1 It was that my ' little pale cousin had reminded me of the fact that this was the 2nd of November, the " Feast of All Souls." Ten yeua ago, on a " Fesst of All Souls," one bafl gone fromthiu quiet country rector^ goneawayintothe darkness and storm./ Oat on the windy drive I had said good bye to him; in this little room/a few minutes earlier, they had all said good* bye to him—for evermore. Be had en-; tered the London train, and he was never seen or heard of again, except that a few weeks afterwards a leportiesched qb that, he had been seen hoarding an Australian bonnd ship, acpo^paniedby a, woman. When Ihrathetiptdof Mb -disappearance the horrible doubt and mystery nearly ; seat me mad. Hen, when I recovered, :*hey told me. tbHtreport, and professed i _4o''beiUeVe:ttfIt^^^Sfoii ;tte1|'.;''1SSi»,;W did comfort me ;it withered me up, it hardened me, it dried up my youthful lore end faith. I had loved, him with all j my strength, with all the love there was iu me, and now he had deserted me, and I became what lam—a cynical, shrivelled spinster. . " Come, Joan," said my cousin Her bert's voice, "the carriage has come round, time is getting ou so I kissed : his little wife in silence, and was soon whirling away through the long dark lanes to the little country town from which I was to start. We -drove in si-1 lence till we reached the quaint old city. The wind had somewhat abated, bnt the rain was falling steady, with a dreary splash on the glittering pavement. I put down the carriage window and looked ont. A great gnst of bitter wind came sweeping down the high, narrow; street, making the yellow lamps flicker, and the few foot passengers get closer to ; the walls ; rattling the black chimney pots standing out against the wild sky ; then the shower passed, and the moon looked ont from among the dark clonds dashing around her, and threatening every moment to overwhelm her, and the wind began screaming and roaring; and, mingled with the noise, came the wild yells of some departing train, and the jangle of half a dozen chimes sound* iog the quarter. " I hope that is not my train," I said to my cousin, with some anxiety ; " what time did you say it started ?" " Ten fifty-nine," answered he " we have more than ten minutes." The car riage stopped, and we went into the sta tion. It was one of those dark stations which so many country towns boast: a place which looked as if the fanilder had, takeuin xjnlyTfie gloomy side of railway travelling, and built his edifice to corfce | spoud with the partings and dreary last good-byes of which it is such a constant witness. The wind was rnshing in at the upper end, and driving before it great spurtB of rain. What with the gloom, just relieved by the dull and sickly lamps, the puffing and blowing of steam, the howling of the wind, and the shrieking of the engines, the place looked more like the suitable terminus for trains to a cer tain unmentionable region, than the proud railway depot of an enlightened nineteenth century town. Certainly it was dreary—very dreary—and I drew closer to my cousin as we walked up and down the long platform. " How foolish I am to-night," I kept thinking. " I can't imagine what has come over me ; really mothers should be very careful to prevent the silly nurses from filling the children's heads with nonsensical super stitions ; there is no bondage more diffi cult to Bhake off. It is certainly a horrid night." "JuBt ten years ago," remarked my cousin, " since I saw poor John off from this very station. Poor fellow 1 How he laughed and talked all the way to town. I remember the drive bo well; I was only quite a young chap then, bat he was very good to me, and I was very fond of him. It was snch a wild night, very much like this, windy and rainy. You remember John Earle, don't you 1 I re collect getting him a Yobkshibe Adveb TISEE from a little lad just like that one. By the way, yon have not any paper, I had better get you oneand he ran after the newspaper boy and left me alone. Was it the cold wind rustling through the station that made me shud der and my flesh creep ? Poor lad ! Why would he talk about whatl would give any thing to forget—to keep out of my mind 1 The train came tearing in, groaning and shrieking. My cousin found me a com fortable empty first class, and put me in. " Would you like a novel ?" he asked. "No, thank you," I answered. " I read a novel, indeed. I have got the re port of the "Haunted Houses Com mittee," I continued. " Most amus- | iog." " All right," said he, shutting the door ; " chacun a son gout. I hope you will have a pleasant journey. Telegraph when you arrive." The train moved. I leaned out of the window and waved farewell to him till we passed out of the dirty yellow light into darkness and storm. Then I set to work to make myself comfortable. 1 pulled up both windows ; I put back one of the arms of the seat to make a couch; wrapped myself up in my fur cloak and travelling rugj propped my head np with my new air cushion, and settled myself ; down with a copy of the Yorkshire Ad vertiser, and. the report of the Bannted Houses Committee, determined to banish all foolish thoughts out of my wise head. Well, as you see, I certainly had every reason to be very comfortable, and have |Ms rnqra e At j&fioe;, tho^N|piN^i. illy soft and warn*, though my reportliooked very eDlivening, sod the Yorkshire paper had a splendid article on women's suffrage—my favourite topic • ain^'lfjfttfc not rest at &1L My brain seemed abp< sessed with silly tbonghts. I felt so lonely, and do what I would, strange, creeping fears would come over me, mak ing me shndder and look nervously aroimd. I gave up my attempts at read ing, and tried to compose myself to sleep —many a good cap have I bad utoder similar circumstances.' But no, sleep I could not; that All Souls' evening ten years ago haunted toe.;: Again x seemed standing at the hal! door of the little par sonage, and he beude me saying " Good bye/' Then the wind came with a great sweep and blew to the door behind me, and the hall lamp went out, Bat we did n'ofc notice it. 1 put round his ueckths brown and white muffler I had myself knitted him. Ah 1 "2 could almost feel again his soft breath on my face, and something yet sweeter and softer. Car riage wheels name round the corner of '^fsetia. ramble— the sound which for ever psrted ns two. thenmfch a passionate embrace end kisa be went away, and left me out on tbe windy drive with the dark shrnbs creak ing and rocking aronnd, those same owls hooting end crying np in the trees, and right above me and them the dark flying clouds, and the red wild moon. "How silly I am," I cried to myself, banishing, with an effort the sad vision; and start ing up I went to the window and looked ont, for I could hot bear to lie still there any longer. There was a faint moon light how, enough to show me the flat low country through which we were pass ing. It was dotted over with bright lights and columns of ascending smoke ; evidently we were on the border of one of the great midland manufacturing towns. As I was gazing ont of the window, I was startled suddenly by a creasing rustling sound in tbe carriage, like the noise of a newspaperwhen it is turned over. " How foolish I am," I thought, to start at every little noise, and I looked round expecting to see my Yorkshire Advertiser on the floor, bnt somewhat to my surprise I saw that it was wrapped op as I had left it, in a tidy folded parcel, and moreover that the heavy report was lying npon it, eo that it could not possibly have been rustled by the wind or anything else. " The holland blinds," I said decidedly to myself, but in spite of my decided thoughts, a queer little shudder crept through my frame. I let down the car riage windows and looked out; it was raining now, and the' howls of the wind had subsided into low sighs and faint moans. The train was passing through some city, and over the sleeping piles of brickB and mortar came the sound of the olook bell from the high dim cathedral -tower Twelve—twelve long booming eonnds, each growing fainter as we passed away from the city into the brown fields again. My eyes dropped to the door of the carriage and mechanically read the number, 1294—1294. Mechanically, I Bay, my eyes read it, but it seemed to fill my brain. 1294! 1294 j Where had I heard it 1 What made the sound of its numbers ring in my ears, bringing in dis tant memories of something horrible, something terrible. 1294 ! Ah ! memory came to me with a flash. It was the number of the railway. carriage in which he had travelled that night of the Feast of All Souls ten years ago ! It was the night of the Feast of All Souls again, and I was travelling in number 1294 of the same night London train. With desperate ef fort I tried to banish the thought from my brain, I leaned out of the window, I gazed down the long'reaches of flat colour less fields through which we were dashing at 50 miles an hour speed. Down here in the midlands the night was calm and still. The great yellow moon stood out in a clear blue eky, and the night breeze blew softly againBt my face. Perhaps the night wind had blown softly against his face at that very window, perhaps hiB eyes had gazed down at the same grey fields over which the same yellow moon was shining ! 'Twas horrible. I could not bear to stay. Closing the window I sat down in the middle of the carriage. The train passed into a deep ravine, and I could see the moon no more. For a moment I felt almost glad, then-1 heard —what made my flesh creep, and my blood ran cold. It was the same sound which had startled me a few minutes pre viously. There was no mistaking it this rime. The blinds were rolled up tight over the rollers; I held my folded paper and the report In my hands ; there was no other paper in the carriage—yet that rustling, creasing sonnd of paper, as of a newspaper turned over by its reader, and almost, I fancied, I could feel a waft of cool air. My limbs trembled, and my bands grew cold. Then there was silence again—dead silence. The train stopped for a few minutes I knew at some large town at 12.40. How thankful I felt, for then I could leave this horrible carriage and get into one with Borne fellow tra vellers. Surely, surely, it muBt be nearly that time now. I felt as if I must scream, jump out of the train, or any thing—anything. I conld not bear to re main much longer where I was, sncha feeling of utter horror and fearful dread had come over me. With a trembling band I took out my little white-faced watch, and held it down so that the light fell on it—fifteen minuteB paBt 12. Now it was that the strangest and most mys terious part of my night's adventure be gan. I feel that I shall not be believed, that I should have Janghed at the - tale myself if anyone had told it to me, yet I will tell it. 1 most tell it, if only to relieve my own mind of its awful mys terious burden, though as I write even now, years later, my bands shake, and my blood chills. Almost everyone knows •A ■ - r. • ,.®£ r* put homblejfeetiag thatone experienoeaj In * nightaPn, wfjp » toying—tryl ing to do coqptbl^g) ww yet one cumot j do it. . Somethingof ihatfeelingcame over monosomy, more horrible, il had fixed my eyaaOnthe little watch in my hand, and; wMpcy & wherefore. I leave ; to othersto determi it; - and-yet, determined £rma& was my relation! Tcqnld not—positively eoold not—keep my owneyea fixed open it They would *fto; some dreadful in explicable fascination seemed to draw them up and my head round to the oppo site far corner of the carriage. I began to count the figures on the dial—1,2, 3— my eyes ware on the leather back of the Beat just in front. I most look round, I must, I must! The feeling was horrible. I felt my head slowly more ; with a des perate effort I forefcd it back. Close, close to my eyes I held the little white watch dial. I tried to think of some thing else; £ belie vol screamed; I know I wildly prayed. 1 dared not, would not look; a fearful dread had seized me. Yet the fascination was strong as ever. Suddenly, a cold draught of air swept throng^ the carriage, though I knew that the wind^p -had Jw^beenshutyMy the fascination prevailed. I turned my head and my eyes fixed themselveson the oppoaite corner. Mer ciful heaven ! the window was wide opeD, and the cold moonlight streaming in. Shown out clearly againBt the glass at the side was the outline of a face—a beauti ful man's face—his face! as if cut in spine dark shadow. I recognized the well-known profile—his handsome pro file. I conld see the broad white brow, with the soft brown hair clustering round it, end under it his great eyes closed as if in sleep. Bound the neck was a brown and white muffler—the muffler I had made, and put on for him in the dark rectory garden. Then came the outline of a hand holding something in it—a newspaper. I could read the title— Yorkshire Advertiser, November 2, 1864\. This was 1874. Motionless and silent he sat—my John. Suddenly steal ing op to his face came a hand, a white, long-fingered hand. It grasped the end of that which he wore ronnd his throat— my gift! Oh! horrible! Closer, tighter, a straggle and the beantifol face fell back —dead. Then the carriage door seemed open, and I saw beneath a dark, rnshing, river, and to my ears came a aonnd of Bowething heavy falling into its torrent. * * * # When I awoke once more in the wait ing room of a town station, whither I had been brongh from the train, then I knew that my John had not been unfaithful to me, bnt that he slept for ever under the dark waves of that unknown Midland river.— -By N. O'Melia, in the MaKCHeb tee Weekly Times. 