HIS LORDSHIP'S VISIT TO TnE SCHOOLS. I Yesterday his Lordship the Right Reverend Dr. Murray, accompanied by fourteen of the priests of his diocese, visited St. John's boys' school. It being the occasion of the twentieth anniversary of his consecration, the children of the school received him in a manner that speaks volumes for the prin- ciples of Catholicity with which they aro imbued. Immediately upon his entering the school the children knelt to receive his blessing; and when he and the other reverend gentlemen wore seated, the familiar IriBh. air, " The Meeting of the Waters," admirably well rendered by a double file of the school children, who wero arranged on the beautiful stage which has been lately erected in the room, met the ears of the visitors. When the song was ended, the children retired a short distance back on the Btage, leaving in front Master S. Murray, who, notwithstanding his youth, read in good stylo the following spirited address : " MAY IT PLEASE TOUR LORDSHIP,-Availing our- selves of this opportunity, I come forward in behalf of the boys of St. John's School to offer you our i warmest congratulations on this the twentieth I anniversary of your arrival in Maitland. It would | ill become us, the children, who have ever been the special objects of your most tender caro and fatherly , affections, if we wore silent on this memorable, oc- casion, when the Catholics all over the diocese are about to show forth to tho world how well they love and how much they venerate your Lordship. It would be a broad departure from the principles of love, respect, and reverence for those whom the Holy Ghost has appointed to rule the Church of God, constantly instilled into our bosoms by the religious teachers, under whose caro your Lordship, ever mindful of the " lambs of your flock," has placed us. Therefore, with all the respect and reverence due to a personage of your Lordship's exalted position, we tender you our warmest con- gratulations, and humbly ask your Lordship to accept .the same. Oh ! that we could give ex- pression to the joy of our hearts to see your Lord- ship before us to-day, full of strength and health, and with a cheerful smile upon your face, after 20 years of hard but holy labour, in the discharge of the onerous duties of the Episcopate. With plea- sure and deep interest we have often listened to our parents speak of the progress of Catholicity in this diocese since it was blessed and honoured by the arrival of your Lordship. Often, too, have we listened with attention when we heard them speak of the determination and zeal with which your Lordship has fought against the enemies of our Faith, unravelled the thread of their black conspiracy, and prevented us from falling into the subtle snares, laid for our fnith, in the Public School system of education. Whoever is aware of the pleasing fact that all the Catholic schools in the Diocese of Maitland, with one or two excep- tions, are taught by the members of religious orders, can easily judge how far our enemies have succeeded in their design to root out what they have been pleased to call " a dark institution that is growing up amongst them," by perverting the Catholic youth. With joy and delight we read in Catholic papers the accounts of the important ceremonies of receptions and professions, which arc almost every day performed by your Lordship, knowing that each means an addition to the stnif of religious teachers, labouring in the cause of educa- tion in your Diocese. " The number of churches and dovoted -pastors in your Diocese to-day, compared with twenty years ago, is ample proof of the almost incredible advance of Catholicity, since your arrival in Mait- land. It is with good reason that the Catholics of your Diocese congratulate you on the success of your labours, and it is with warm hearts that we join them, and fervently pray that God may spare for many years to Maitland such a worthy ruler of ithe Catholic Church." Then followed the song " Many happy returns of the day," and bearing in mind that they are only children they sang it surprisingly well. H His Lordship spoke at some length, thanking the children for the songs, particularly for " The meet- ing of the waters," which was {as he knew) a, special compliment to himself. Ho also thanked them for their not only Catholic but also spirited address, and expressed his satisfaction that the children were embued with such thoroughly Catholic sentiments. After announcing to the children thatthey might take a holiday he was vociferously cheered, and when his Lordship made a present to Master S. Murray, .with which to treat the school children, that was the occasion of another great -eheer ; after which his Lordship proceeded to visit the other schools of the district. 