SPORTING NOTES. By "Nbwmabkby." As it happened, the financial prospects of the Wiliiamstown Racing Club meeting were in no way jeopardised by the compul sory postponement of Saturday last, through the inability of the Railway .Department to provide the necessary train accommoda tion for the convenience of the race-going section of the public on the date originally chosen for the tryst. An important factor to the success of the gathering on Tuesday last, however, was the weather, which was all that conld be wished for. The love of the sport is so strong with a large number of persons that, no matter how discouraging the elements may be, they are not deterred from according their patronage to racing. There is another faction, however, which, though greatly enthusiastic on turf matters, would not care to suffer great personal discomforts merely to gratify their relish for the so called " sport of kings." With such a glorious day as that of Tuesday list all f cruples were overcome, and the re sult was that the gathering on the marine convincing ground was quite large, and fully op to the most sanguine ixpeotations of the committee of the olub. For once, too, the Eailway Department were equal to the occa sion, and passengers experienced no difficulty in going to and from the course. If any thing, the running track looked better than Dtual; and as fourteen candidates went to the post for the Hurdle Baee, the spectators ere at once gratified by witnessing a really excellent jumping contest. Despite the aomaaoal ptreDgtb pf tbe fidA Mfk & Mjtorti representative, Koolyte, was sup- j ported down to 5 to 2. Some outside wagering was done In favour of Tan talise? at 6 to 1 ; but this must have been solely on the strength of Corrigan having the mount on the Gippsland horse, as Mr. ftioe. discouraged by the numerous disappointing displays of the son of Fireworks, did not bsok him for a hilling, but threw In his lot with the favourite, and thus reaped a sort of negative viotoiy. A feature of this event web the debut at the illegitimate game of Golden Butterfly, and in getting third with 10st. it must be admitted that the son of Tubal Cain and Calumny made a very creditable first appearanoe over the sticks, and no doubt after the b'g chesnut has benefited by the sound drilling he will rpceive at the bandn of the Messrs. Cripps, there is no donbt that he will yet mnhe a bold bid for rank among the first flight of our hurdle raoers, mnoh in the sauce way that Duration did. The succesB o! the Hon. L. L. Smith'e colours was all the more gratifying to those present from the faot that Louis II. went out a very decided favourite for the Maiden Plate. The nuDgster, who ie by Maribyrnong from Fleetwiog, by Lord of Lynna, showed a lot of paoe, and literally oantered home in front of Ghilde Harold and Sauviuon. Stampede was mobt fancied for the Steeplechase, but he only put his backers out cf Ibeir anxiety by falling. Indeed, the race was fall of misadventures, and of the few who steered a safe oourse. Hard Times, by Smuggler, proved the best by winning very easily. It is a long time since Mr. Glasscock had a winning turn, and the popular horse- iraaer is to oe congratulated on tne favourable obange in fortune's wheel. Sqaireeo, though hardly so good a favourite for the Selling Race as Snip, was well backed, and, greatly assisted by the very light weight he carried, he managed to beat Mr. Weeba'a horse, after a good rs.ee, by a neck. As the winner was entered to be »old for nil, the 65sovs. which Mr. Weeks gave for bim after the race went to the fnnds of tbe olub. Though I selected Allander for tbe Newport Handicap last week, I mentioned that if Yeronique (late Elapid) was the horse he used to be tbe raoe would be ail over. The eon of Rapid Bay was in something of his old form, for he managed to get home cleverly from Allander, who was most resolutely ridden by the veteran Sam Davis. I fancy that Mr. Yowles must have been under some misap prehension about Yeronique when he handi capped him in such moderate company at fist 101b. I believe that had he known him to be identioal with Rapid who performed so well in New Sooth Wales he would not have let him off so lightly. Only moderate entries have been received for the Wyn$ham Racing Club meeting on Friday next ; but no doubt a large number of thoBe who are assisting at the Y.RC. Autumn campaign will patronise the Werribee gathering, which will in a degree compensate the club for the smallness of the fields. For the Trial Stakes seven are engaged and a like number ie In the Mambourine Handicap. The Hurdle Race has an entry of nine, and the Flying Handicap has filled with exactly a dozen, but Snip and Tilberoo have been nominated for the Selling Race. I am sorry to see the Wynd- ham club receive such meagre support, for Mr. Wall, in fixing the date of the tryst, endeavoured to choose a day most conve- nient to racing men. It is satisfactory to notice that among the numerous candidates for political honours there are, at least, two good sportsmen in the field in the Hon. L. L. Smith, for Mornington, and Mr. G. Davis, for South Gippsland. Mr. C. H. T, Hart has signified his inten tion of giving up racing, and has instructed Messrs. W, O. Yaffle and Co. to dispose of his string on Monday next, which includes such brilliant performers as The Agent, St. John, Trump Yoss, The Vagabond, Country Boy, Gymkhana, and others, of less note. The death is announced of Mr. H. Hyams, of Nottingham, a well- known turf man in tbe old country, and a partner of Mr. R, Howett, who returned to England recently, after a visit of some months in Australia. It has been decided to hold the Easter Meeting of the Wiliiamstown Racing Club on the 26th April, Mr. Todd's Eagle, by Panic — Fraternity, broke down the' other morning in a gallop, and, acting on the. advice of a veterinary surgeon, his owner has resolved to blister him and turn him out. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. on Monday sold the following booths, etc., in connection with the autumn meeting of the Victoria Racing Club Booths : No. 6a, ou hill, Mr H. Skinner, £66 ; No. 3a, on hill, Mrs. Deegan, £54; No. 5, on hill, Mr Sheeban, £42 ; No. 7, on hill, Mr. R. S. O'Brien, £37 ; No. 9a, on. hill, Mr. M'luerney, £34 ; No. 9b, on bill, Mr. Benson, £20 ; No. 3, on flat. Mr. Burke, £28 ; No 6, on flat, Mr. Duross, £19 ; No. 4, on flat, Mrs. Deegan, £11; No. 2. on flat, Mr. J. Muir, £11 ; oyster stall, on hill, Mr. Rogers, £4 j outer carriage paddock, Mr. Barnard, £34 ; gates, Mr. Benson, £180. As an outoome of a discussion as to the relative merits of the fillies Emeline and Activity, a match for £200 a side between the pair, over the six furlongs course at Bandwiek, was decided last week. Emeline made the running until entering the straight, where she was joined by Activity. The latter, however, failed to hold her advantage, and Emeline won by three-quarters of a length and lar-ded the odde of 2 to 1 laid on her. I see that Aotivity. who is by Vespasian from Bridesmaid, by Yattendon, has since won the Sapling Stakes at Canterbury Park. The racehorse Cornstalk died in New feoufch Wales recently from inflammation of the kidneys. Sir Thomas Elder's yearlings, in charge of Mr. Elworthy, arrived from Adelaide on Saturday last, and were at once taken to the stables attached to Messrs. Yuille and Co.'s saleyards at Newmarket, to await the sale on Wednesday, the 3rd March. The lot number twenty>three, and among them are some nice colts and fillies. I thought Mr. W. Glasscock secured a bargain at ELirk's Bazaar on Monday last, -when he obtained the hurdle-race horse Pyrenees, by St. Albans from Pauline, for 46 gnlheas. An outrage, says the Spirit of the Times, perpetrated at the St. Louis Fair, oame to light on ita Pewter. Mr. W, | L. Summons's fine bay trotting mare Early Dawn dying, a post mortem examination revealed unmistakable evidenoes of arsenical poisoning. Early dawu was taken to Chicago this eUmmtr, and won tbe five yeai.old stake there, making a r» cord of 2mm. 21£»ee. in the second heat. From Chicago she went to St. Louis, and, although evidently sick, was third to Elvira. She trotted fourth in a race won here by. Epaulet. Stnoe ehe oame from St. L<nis she has been in a dcoline. Mr, Simmouds refused 15 000 dollars for her, and valued her at 25,000 dollars. Cairo, by Goldsbrough from Thirza, arrived from Sidney daring the week, in obarge of W. Dapgau. The oolt see cub io have gone through a good preparation. Coronet exhibited signs of lameness after his gallop with Dunlop on the training ground on Monday morning. A prominent feature of the wagering done this week has been the rapid advance of Malua, who is now firm at 100 to 15. The St. Albans horse haB been backed for a lot of money, and should be win he will be a bad horse for the ricg. Notwithstanding Malua's advent to the head of the quota tions, William Tell remains firm at 8 to 1, and a large amount has gone on Silvermine at 100 to 10. Israelite, too, has met with consistent support at 10(J to 9 ; and St. John, Sea Horse, and several others have been backed to win a good stake at 100 to 3 and 4. For the Australian Cup, Win chester is in demand at 100 to 15. The Israelite, Grace Darling, and Minerva are stationary at 10 to 1 each, but there is no specnlation for the Champion Race. Leumah added a couple of wins to bis already respeotable total at Canterbury Park on Saturday last. Those in search of thoroughbred yearlings and racehorses will be very fastidious indeed if they cannot pick from among tbe numerous string to be dieposed of next week, by Means. Yuille and Co., an animal that oomee up to their idea of what a thoroughbred should be. It will be a wonderfully busy week. On Monday the racing Biud of Mr. C. 5. T. Hart will be submitted at Tattersall'e Bazaar, and as tbe lot include such performers as The A;entandSt John, no doubt competition will be very lively. On the same day, Chuckster, Waterloo, Denmark, by The Diver ; Sally Brass, and Essie, a full sister to Abner, will be offered. St. Albans will be the scene of operations on Tuesday, when buyers will be afforded an opportunity of selecting yearlings of Mr. Wilson's breeding. Here, too, Mr. D. S. Wallace's brood mares, Nightmare, Sally Brass, Starlight, Last Light-, Vingt-et-un, Bavaria, Mountain Maid, will also be brought under the hammer. The tocsin will be sounded at Newmarket on Wednesday, when consignments of yearlings from the Binds of Sir. Thomas Elder, Messrs. Blackler, and Robertson Brothers, of South Australia ; Mr. John Field, Calatoek, Tasmania; and Mr. A. Smith, Lindenow, will be disposed cf. Acceptances for the Aibary Cap, Handieap Hurdle Raoe, and Steeplechase will be due at 4 p m on Tuesday next, the 2nd inst. As First Chester has not done sufficient work to lead his trainer to a reasonable con clusion that the oolt possessed a fair chance for our St. Leger, Mr. Kelso decided not to start bim at Flemington. He intends to endeavour to get the son of Cheater ready for the A.J.C. meeting. Entries for tbe Donoaster races must be made at Prevot's hotel, Bourke street, before 4 p.m. on Friday next, tbe 5th Mareh. For the convenience of those attending the St. Albans sale on Tuesday next, arrange ments have been made for the despatch of a special train for Geelong at 10 50 a.m. From what I oan hear, a big orowd will visit the celebrated breeding establishment on tbe banke of tbe Bar won, and it is anticipated that Mr. Wilson will have a good sale. I hope so, indeed, for the St. Albans stud master deserves every encouragement for the judgment and enterprise he has displayed in endeavouring to improve the breed of the thoroughbred of which we are all so fond. Mr. J. Bence's string has been increased by the up-country horse Honey Bee, who won the Shepparton Handicap recently, beating Gardenia, whose form was pretty good, as she justified a few days afterwards by a series of victories at Sale. Honey Bee is by Confusion, but I don't know her sire's name. Oodeis is reported to have oleaned out the fastest of the Caulfield division in a gallop over the Newmarket distance. If this is so, the Maorilander is worth watching to-day. Thirty candidates have paid up for the Newmarket Handicap, and, as they are nearly all likely starters, there will be a terrible struggle for victory in the straight at Flemington this afternoon. The Australian Cup has twenty-four left in, so that the field for Thursday's great event is bound to be large. The Bnndoora Park sale was held on Thursday last, but I regret to say that the bidding fell far short of reasonable expecta tions, both with the cattle and horses. Mr. W. E. Dakin got a really handsome chesnut filly in the daughter of The Hook and Device oheap at 140 guineas. An equally good purchase was the perfect filly by Angler from Calumny, whe tell to Mr. Creswiok for 200 guineas. Mr. W. Pearson got one of tbe grandest speoimens of the thoroughbred in the ohesnqt oolt by The Marquis from Silvermine, who was literally Bacrifiaed at 60 guineas. Another bargain was a beautiful, well-proportioned brown filly of excellent length, who was seoured by Mi. Bishop. The destination of thiB youngster is the WeBtein District, aod, depend upon it, if all goes well wiib her, it wo 't be long before we hear of her being successful down west." After tbe sale the Btallions Suwarrow, Chesterfield, and Precious Stone were paraded. There was quite a buzz of admiration when the gallant little grey was seen. He has developed into one of the handsomest horses in Australia, and is bound to make a name lor himself at tbe stud. Chesterfield haB thickened into a very powerful horse, but he suffered by comparison with Suwarrow. Preoious Stone looked in very healthy order, and when he makes up into stallion condition, be will not want for admirers. Silvermine has steadily advanced to tbe position of first favourite for the Newmarket Handicap at 5 to 1. William Tsll treads olwsen biB heels at a point more j aod 8 to 1 is taken Malus. Israelite ie quiet at 12 to 1, but Mozart has been pretty freely backed down to 100 to 7. The others range from 100 to 4 down to 100 to 2. Winchester is at the head of the quotations for tbe Australia n Cup at 8 to 1, then come Minerva. Match lock, and Liverpool; 100 to 8 i obtainable Gra» Darling, Stornaway and Off Colour. V.RC soratobiijgs — Ascot Vale 8takes — Metallurgist, Clio, Auray, Colleen Dbas, Retort, Opal, Tam o'Shanter, Worcester, Anonyms, Trishna, St. Helliere, Blue B ood, Prelate, Aotivity. Canterbury, Tbe Loafer, Housemaid colt Yellow Jacket Dame E« anor, Mortem, Halcyon, Silver Hook, Maste- Jobn, Claudian, Blacksmith, Ironstone, Pen five colt, Target filly, Beelzebub, Donald, Aglaos, L irlinestina, Tamarisk, Acme, Ptolomv, Neophyte, Volcano, Gontawang Annie Firmin filly, Dofferin, Yule Cake, Cable, Ladv Hslop, Dividend, Maincaii, Kenneth. First Consul, Newmerella, West Wind, Menotti, Damocles, Utopia, Pro gressive, Minstrel, Augur, Gadfly, Trojan, Alpha, Repose, St. Julian, Lars, Success, Mia Mia, CroeFfire, Boeooond. Si. Leger — MoBeifaoe, Mil ner, Selkirk, Harrington, Ironface, Isonomv, Master Croft. Man chester, Cairo, Algerian, Grand Faroeur, Lorelei, GaBbarner, Shimmer, 1.0 U , Cobweb, Mute filly. Parwan, Acme. Looal Option, Tbe Bird. Newmarket Handicap — Colida, Oakleigh. Pomona, Sauvignon, Unoas II., Corday, Delamia, Leporello, Asiraea, The Andes, Miss Merlin, Vascosa, Girofia, Barrilda, Ishmael, Australian Cup — New York, Oakleigh, Honey dew, Barrilda, Verbena. Champion Race— Parwan, Orarah, Cairo. Algerian Ironfaoe. Selkirk. Mun- ches er, Lorelei, Maroondah, Monte OhriBto, Percussion, Fernside, King's Own, Cardigan, Abner, Sunny Days, Rofos, Metal Clarendon. Steeplechase — Mernder, Kangaroo. Bourke Handicap — Corday. Brunswick Stakes — Madcap, The Agent. Jooular, Islander, Minerva, Mentmore, Kohai, Monte OhriBto, Matchioob, Uralla, Discard, Welcome Jack, Grace Darling, Winchester, Honeydew. St. Leger — Fishmonger, Maroondah, Magni fier. Solo, Nereu-, Monte Chris to, Lennox, Hexham, Ragman, Iago, Taro, Childerp, Fernside, School Girl, Discard, Carew, Waiting Maid, Lady Grenville, First Flaneur, Ener, Cardigan. Fitzgerald, First Chester, The Dodger, Boori, Beaudesert, Lady, Claudia, Sunny uays, Perchance, St. Giles, Gasconade, Clarendon. Eeeeodon Stakee — Highland Chief, Monte Cbristo, Matchlock, Uralla, Duration, Welcome Jack, Ebony. Autnmn Handicap — Kohal. Free Handicap — Kohal. Sires' Produce Stakes — Voyon, La Crosse. All engagements — Coronet, Stafford, Mistake, Merrimn, F.F-, Advance, The Ghost, Vanguard, Thunderbolt, Seaweed, Preston, The Pencil. 