TRoveltet .. IiADT CASTLEMAINE'S .DIVORCE. • CHAPTER XIII.—(CONTINUED.) „ By BEBTHA M. CJLAT, ITIJAOB or " HIS ONE MISTAKE," " mnowH tin . THE WOELD," " A STBVaqtB SOS A SBSO," " A BITTEK ATOSEMBNT," ETC, '" " In name.in love, in heart, but not in thoughts and opinions. It is a very different thing; giving your heart BDd giving your mind are quite diutinot things. I gave you . my whole beait, Rudolph, bat I aid not you my mind. I have reserved that for myself." Lady Oastlemaine, having the keenest nit, and womanlike, the qoickcet flow o! wcrds, generally won the victory; tut they -wero victories which coBt her dearly. liach coptroversy, each stoutly contested argument saeined to weaken in some little degree the love ot the ra&a; wlio could not rn- 1 dure contradiction or opposition—who could not brook any idea* xocpt those he had himself It would not have mattered in.the least, had tbey been If!' alone; aft»r a few minutes the wife would have gone to her husband, und said : ' " IIow foolish we are to argue and disagree over trifles. What does anj thing matter provided only that we love rjich other." Or ibe hueband would ht-ve sought bis wife, and said: \- " We will not orsnc, darling; let my stronger thoughts guide you, let jour swifter thoughts guide me; nothing matters but that we love each other. 1 ' Bat* this never lisppencd, lor there was someone always at band, to fan every tiny Fpsrk into homing flame, to Irritate, to annoy, to deepen every bad impression. Always at hand whenever one of these Utile disoussiods occurred, and few rtaye passed without them, she noted with quick, keen cam all that was said, and she knew exaotly how to Jan the fire. ' ' • Lard C&stleniaine; would po to hisfavourite seat, the great vrindow-reat in the library, or ont on the southern terrace, from where one oould tee the rhinirg blue pea, and teke a cigar to console himself. So sure as he lighted it, ho wcuid Sod the beautiful face and figure of Isabnl by his side. "I must try to convert Gertrude to your wsyuf thinking, 7 'she would begin; and then a feeling' cl irritation rose in his heart that even a shadow could lie between himself and his young wilo. " I wi!l concert her myself," he would answer, proudly, '•Then Isabel would 6b»ke her head. ' " I do not knew; I am not sure that you will." she would say, doubifullv, and that irritated him the more. Then she-would rei-k her other viotim, and would kiss the beautiful faoe, and say, laughingly ; •' You meet rot give in to that huBband of yours, Gertrude; he has great ideas of.his own authority." 1 tfarioo greot," ehe would reply, laughingly. "He wants three years' apprenticeship to a class ot strong-minded women, I fear that even I am toojpeek {or him:" "Ton must not give nay to him, or you' %iU entirely loce your own individca'ity," eaid . Isabel, t "I shall never do that," said Lady Oastlemaine, proudly; and Although she loved her, husband witt^all her heart, there was always" a Ceupe of angry irritation left after one ot •these conversations. 'It was a web of another tfnd that Isabel Qydo was weaving now. It was more successful than the firet. Then she had tried to. weave the web of lovo round the heart of one man; '«ou> she tried to wefvathe web of bate over tsro beartB that, but for her, could never have been disunited. \- She laughed at times with a wicked sense of victory, and at times she wept, despairing of suesess. Bat, day by day, the web grew longer, and stronger, and lees liable to break. CHAPTER XIV, ' LEAD US J*OT INTO TEMPTATION. 1 ' • It is a terrible thing to throw one's self wii- IcIIy into tho way of -temptation, as Isabel Hyde had done. Knowing that she loved Lord Oastlemaine, she should have kept the breadth of tho world between herself and hiiii, but in her reoWeos desire tot vengeance i-in her mad, passionate desire to fulfil her vow, she forgot or utterly ignored the danger ana the temptation for herEctf. " She had Rfvon, Eneought- and unaskafl, the , whole passionate love ot her heart to Lord Gastlemaine. She bad hated with insane hate the beautiful girl who had, as she considered, tslicn his love from her. She had Voluntarily plaoed herself under their roof for the lurpcss ol Eecking vengeanoe. Bat she forgot thti in so doing she mutt suSer unutterable pain heraelf, ' 'Every kind and loviDg word that Lord Cisllem'oice addressed to bis wife was like « sword In her heart. She would grow oold, sick, and faint when she saw his great solioitude, his cats aud attention for her, Her heart burned with jealously and envy. • There came a morning when a jiamp, oold Wind seemed to twerp the warmth away: the almois(there wee all dattp, the ekieB grey and Jowering; the sun had set in suUen die. content for tho'day, and Lord Castleinaine iiw "his wife, wrapped in her costly tors, -Isabel was with her; gds. wbeie us yun goiug ?" iru fall ."I'am^oing to-Red moss," was theprompt mnfl-,oheerfaljcply. -: ; . , - s' Jkatnijjs was the nearest town to Neath '.Abbeys—abright, pleaEsut town by the sea. . i i' To Ueamossl" he repeated. " With "whomarp yougoiog darling ?" . , " With babel," she replied. ' , ; " How "areyou going? I hops you have ! ordered Ibe brougham?'.'- . . - ' 0\ Budolpb, what a string of questionsl . No, I have not; we are gping to walk." . Tho conversation took place in the great entrance hall, where Lord CasUemaino met the two ladies. He went up to his wife, and laid bis hand on tbe fur sheen of her jacket-, —a mogolfi^ent fur for whioh ha had given a fabulous prioe—one of his wadding presents .to .her." -; "This is warm,"ie said, "but, Gertrude, darling, it cannot shut out the damp. You must breaths the damp air, in spite of your warm furs.' Do not go out; cr ilyon will go, order the broughamS' She cricS trtit impatiently that it would pot hurt her, that she hadoften been ont in thei damp, end would have DO carriage. "You make me feel like a delicate old woman when you fidget about me in that way." She looked.up at him with a smile as she epoke, but there was some little aign of irritation. -Isabel Hyde stood by, a silent spectator; each word, so expressive of his tender solicitude for her beautiful rival, pieroed her heart. will not he an old woman yet," repeated Gertrude. " I like you to go out in the frost," said Lord Oastlemaine; " that hurts no one. But damp air is quite another thing." " Oh, Badolpb," cried Lady Oastlemaine, " you will make me impatient." " It is not an old woman you resemble," said Lord Oastlemaine. "It is a beautiful white rose. Note I ask you, Gertrude, how could a fragile white rose live in this miserable damp!" " There flashed upon him the light of two beautifuldark eyes, inwhiohlove, pain, scorn, and dispair were all told. " Is all your oare or solioitude for white roses?" -asked Isabel Hyde; "have red loses nothing to fear ?" ' " If you tako my advice you will not go," :he said, slowly, "I do not think it is A fitting day for any lady to go out." " Still," she continued, " you would not have remonstrated if you had seen me going alone." Ho looked at her somewhat wonderingly, knowing nothing of the storm of jealousy that rent her heart in twain. " Well," he replied, " you see, Miss Hyde, it is Dot -the same thing. I might have advised you, but I oould not interfere with you." "I may go out and get killed with the damp, and you would not SBy one word to me," otied Isabel. " Forgive me, but how very impetuous you 4 ladies are," he said. 1 1 have displeased you, Isabel, and half offended Gertrude; yet f can not imagine why." " You are over solioitous for me," said Lady Oastlemaine. " You are.not solioitious enough for me," cried Isabel Hyde, and then seeing tbe startled look in bis eyes, she began to laugh, but no woman ever laughetl with suoh an effort before; her jealousy had for the time carried her beyond herself. All that loving bare and solicitude for Gertrude—the wind must not blow too roughly on her, tbe damp most not come near her; but what did he care for her? He was so anxious and solicitious about Gertrude that he did not seem to notice whether ehe were going out or not. But the wonder in his eyes oaUed her to herself. Wbat right had shs to show any jealousy of another woman's husband. She laughed, but there was little mnsio In the laugh. " While so muoh care and solicitude are to be had," ehe said, " I may as well claim a share." " You will always have it from me," said Lady Oastlemaine; "I strongly advise you not to walk out this damp, unhealthy day." He looked at her kindly, and she felt that to have that sense of loving care always over her she would give her life itself. "I shall go," said Lady Oastlemaine, " damp or not damp, I have determined to go to RedmoBs, and'go I will." "I will not," said Isabel Hyde. "Lord Oastlemaine is quite right, the day is against us." After those few kind words and that kind look, Gertrude oould not have opposed him, so a compromise was made and a carriage ordered. The incident, trifling as it was, helped Isabel to weave a few more threads in that strong subtile web of hers. She took Lady Oastlemaine to task in a fashion quite her own. That afternoon, ss they lingered in the warm oozy boudoir, over a cup of delicious tea, Bhe commenoed her attack. " Gertrude," she said, " you do not understand your husband.'' " Nat understand him I" cried Ljdy Oastlemaine. 1 1 bsg your par Jon, I am quite sure 1 that I do." Isabel Hyde shook her beautiful head. "No, my dear, you do not. I really believe," she added, somewhat imprudently, " that I should understand him, in time, better than you do." No jealousy stirred Lady Castlemaine's heart; ehe only thought that Isabel was a- little too outspoken; still ehe would like to know what was meant.. " What do you mean, Isabel ?" she asked, gravely. Nothing to mako a tragedy about," she replied. " I was thinking of this morning. I was DO struck by his care and solicitude over yoa, and you grew impatient with him." " I am not very impatient," said Gertrude, with a sudden contrition, " I own it, but I cannot endure to be fussed over and Watched. You ere right, Isabel. I was, as you say, impatient without cause." " I knew at once that it was his care for you that mside him persist," continued Isabel. 1 1 1 have often noticed that when he tries best to please you, yon understand him the least." Lady Oastlemaine could not explain, even to herself, but something in that moment seemed' to rise, like a shadow, betwoen her husband and herself. It was not jealousy; a; yet that fatal and terrible passion had not awoke ia her heart. It was an intangible something—a shadow; and the dearest idea she had after the interview was, that shegdid not really understand her husband,' and that other people oould read his character better than ehe oould. She felt further away from him that day than shs had since they were married. It was a miserable day to Isabel; she bad voluntarily plaoed herself in temptation, yet ehe oould not endure to see Lord Castlemaiue's passionate love for his wife. Oaoe, as she was standing on tbe grand, staircase, waiting for something that her maid had gone to find, she saw husband and wife meet quite accidentally in. the hall. It was in the shadow of the winter afternoon, before the lamps were lighted. She heard Lord Oastlemaine say: " Gertrude, darling, is that you f' She heard the gently murmured " Yes." Love alone uses such tones. Then she saw him clasp bis wife in his arms, and cover her laoe with kisses. " Uy darling, my beautiful wile. 1 shall come and.have a cup of tea with you." — Isabel turned away, utterly unable to beat Itr-^Ayjjnsjrah, if by raising her finger, she could have struoVlbe -whita.roEe beauty from Gertrude's laoe, she would haVS'idsDs. it. In her paseionuto, jealous rago, she oould have struck dead.pig Ejan sho loved. . "Lead us'nbV into 'tomptMibn l .The wordB dame to her like taint sounds through a mist. In her heart-^that jealous, despairing heart, full ot love Tor a man who had never loved hor—she felt capable, in tbat moment, of Shy Crime; she could have Slain that i&tr; yotrng -wife; she could have slain the man whose dark, iiaudsomo face had lured her to ber idoom. She turned away. Death would have not have been so bitter as the pain that rent ber heart. • An hour afterwards, when Isabel -Hyde went, as was her custom, to the warm, oozy boudoir where the tea awaited her, Lady Oastlemaine looked at her in wonder. Isabel,'' she cried " how ill you look I You have lost all your beautiful colour. Yon deserve to lose your name; you are not at all like a Bed Rose—and yon are trembling, «c- "tually trembling." " I do sot see anything wonderful in tbat, Gertrude ; any one might tremble on a Hold December afternoon." " I will give you some hot tea," said Lady Oastlemaine. " Rudolph said he would join us." He oame, looking so handsome, so brave, BO kind, and his eyes were so full of admiration and love for his-nife, tbat Isabel could hardly-bear it, " Lead us not into temptation I"' Yet she had oome there pnrposely to be tempted herself, and to tempt others. That dark winter afternoon, as she watohed guileless', innocent love, the simple happiness Of husband and wife, she repeated her vow. She would part them ; oome what might, cost what it would, she would part them, for ever and aye. But how was it to be done ? Spirits of envy and bate help and aid her I How waB it to be dofie? CHAPTER XV. THE Elsas ACT) QTJEEh'S OF EKOLAKD. The OhriBtmas week was ended, yet none of the guests felt inclined to leave Neath. The holiday had been -so pleasant—every variety of old English sport and pastime had been in requisition—charade parties, balls, private theatricals; they had almost turned night into day; yet, the day was not long enough. B •was a time never to be forgotten by those who enjoyed it. Lady Oastlemaine and Miss Hyde were the two queens; Lady Oastlemaine young, beautiful, gilted with high spirits, always bright, always ready to enjoy everything to its rullest extent, was the. leader of the revels. Isabel Hyde, beautiful and graceful, too, followed her lead, and DO one knew of tbe shadow of tragedy that hung over ber, or of herterriblevow. "I have been so happy here," she said, one morning, " that I shall not like going away." ** You need not go away; stay until the end of January; I shall be delighted, and I am sure Rudolph will." Her heart ached just a little at her own treachery; the fair face looked so smilingly into hers; tbe blue eyes were so clear and guileless; the invitation had been so cbrdi :lly given. Yet she knew that her only object in stopping with them was, tbat she might work her cruel will and .part them. Good impulses oame to her at times and pleaded for them— pleaded to ber to go away and leave them— to put Lord Oastlemaine cut of her life—to be true to the beautiful woman whom she called friend.. What harm had tbey done to ber? Lady Oastlemaine had not taken her love from her by treachcry; neither had the earl been her lover, for the love was all on her side, not on hie: be had never even been conBoious of it. There were times even now when she almost wished that she had let him see how much she loved him; and yet she would have lowered ber o;vn self-respeot, and lowered it in vain, for from the moment he beheld Gertrude he had neither eyes nor ears for any one else. > " I do not think," she said to herself, bitterly, " that if I bad gone on my knees to him, to pray of him to marry 'me; that if I had been as beautiful as Venus, and descended like a queen, that he would have married me." There were times when she gave herself up to wondering over the strange problems of life; as to why it.was tbat she, who could have been so happy, Bhould find the whole world so dark and dreary because the love of her life was given to one who did not love her. She never reminded herself that it was her own fault—that she had voluntarily and willfully enoouraged that love to grow in her heart, knowing it to be useless; that she bad given free rein to a passion that should have been crushed at the first. She blamed Providenoe, circumstances, fate, chance—any alid everything, except herself. Of all the impulses tbat oame to her, of all the good thoughts and the bad thoughts, none wore strong enough to cause her to falter in her purpose. Her puipoeo in life was to separate husband and wife—to kill the neat love that lay between them, and put hate in its place. Sbe worked persoveriogly and Industriously ; she never allowed the slightest chanoe to pass. If Bhe could possibly make Lord Oastlemaine impatient-with his wife, if she oould irritate him against her, if she oould rouse obstinate self-will tbat was so Btrong within him, she would be happy. If, by some laughing taunt, some sharp, cynical remark, she could rouse Gertrude's pride against her husband, Bhe felt one degree nearer victory. Yet it was all done with such skill, such craft, such subtlery that it was impossible for her to be detected. Sbe never lost one chance. One morning Lord and Lady Oastlemaine, Miss Hyde, and ssveral other visitors, were together and were discussing tableaux virants for the evening. " Let UB have one tableau from that most picturesque period of English history, the reigu of Henry the Eighth, said Lady Oastlemaine. She turned to her husband with a smile. ".Which of all Eing Henry's wives do you prefer ?".she asked. He was silent for a tew'minutes, then he replied: " Catharine o! Aragon," " And I," she said, " prefer Anne Boleyn. I do not believe any of the scandals about her. She was a beautiful, unhBppy woman. Anne Boleyn'is one of my favorite heroines in history." '" There is one thing about ber that I oan never understand," said Isabel Hyde," and it is,-how the king oould hate ber BO deeply after loving her so muoh." ' "There you touoh upon a strange metaphysical question," said Lord OaBtlemaine. "It is ;aid that love turned to bate is the most bitter hate of all." "I cannot imagine hating any one who has been dearly loved," oried Lady Castleinaine. " I can," interrupted Isabel. " I agree with Lord Oastlemaine; love turned to hate is the most bitter hate of all." You remember," said Lord Oastlemaine, " that most expressive line: " Hell knows no fury like a woman scorned." He spoke quite unconsoiously, not thintn're at all of MIBS Hyde. But Bhs gave him one glance—it saidBO muoh that if any one had interpreted it, that person must have understood the position at a glance. "Love turned to hate," sighed Lady Oastlemaine ; " the idea is a very powerful one. I wander if there ie much waBted love in tba world." ." Yes," said Isabel Hyde, briefly, " yon may biguite son of that." Yon must read Evangeline," said Lord Oastlemaine, and see wbat Longfellow says about wasted rfEeotiohs.' He declares that affection never ii wasted." " I do.not believe," eaid lsabel^yde, "that be could prove bis words. But we' ate going a long way from Anne Boleyn. You would like a picture from that most troubled time, Lord Oastlemaine?" " Yes," be eaid; *' I have often thonght how : interesting a series of liietorioai tableaux would be—one taken from eaoh reign. It would be Interesting and amusiug." "You would be Eing Henry," said Isabel; " but, Lord Oastlemaine, you do not look tbe part. Eing Heury was fur, and florid, and stout; yon«redark, and—and—I was going to add, handsome -, but I must not nay that. She added in ber own mind that he bad indeed tbe grand, dark beauty that pictures give to Spanish kings, and her eyes fold her thoughts plainly. "If we have that tableaax," said Lady Oastlemainel" I should like to be Abne Boleyn am sure I jould act a charaoter that is familiar to me, and one that I like." " And I," said Miss Hyde, " Bhould like to be Catherine of Airagon." "Sbe was old and plain," interrupted Lady Oastlemaine. "She was his wife," replied Isabel; "be loved her first and best; he loved her well and faithfully—tor bow many years ?" "He loved Anne Boleyn more in the few years of his wooing and his marriage, than be did Catherine, spreading his love over all those years." " I wonder," said Isabel, " which of his wives he really loved, the best. Each one seemed to have separate and different characteristics. Catherine was 'every inch a queen,' a royal lady, true to God, and to duty. What Bhe must have suffered when she found her husband's love going from ber to one so young andbeautifulas Anne—the tortures of jealousy, the fear, and the doubts. I should Bay tbat no woman ever suffered more." " I hope not," said Lord Oastlemaine. "Thai," continued Isabel, "comes your favourite, Lady Oastlemaine. Her oue oharaotsristio seems to have been her bright, wonderful beautv—her laughing, coquettish nature. But what a Bhort-lived triumph I While the king wooed Jane Seymour, how she must have suffered in her turn til the agonies that Bhe inflioted on Catherine 1" " Jane Seymour must have been very beautiful," said Lady Castlemaiih. " She was young, fresh, and fair, bistory lays. I Bhould think she was shrewd and calculating. She had seen a queen deposed to make room for Aone Bjleyn, and she n 1 solved that Anne ahould be deposed for her. I do not thick that I oare much tor hen a colourless character, I think." " Then oomes a character whom no one loves—a charaoter without romance or poetry —Anne of OlevcB. I have often wondered where Clevss is." " She walked in and walked out of history," laughed Isabel Hyde. " Then comes a wife for whom I have always felt greatest Borrow, sympathy, and pity—that pretty, wilful child, Catherine Howard; she was but a ohild. I was reading somewhere, the other day, that the nigbtjbefois ber execution her oriss were so terrible and so appalling, that Btrong men who heard them trembled. " I wonder," cried Lady Oastlemaine, "that the whole nation did not rise up to a man and tear the monster from the throne. That is the most wonderfulpart of his history to me—that he was allowed to live." " Then oomcs the last wile ot all, Catherine Parr. I always think of her aa a mothorl woman, dressed in gray or brown, and tfauoi given to serious reading." "Perhaps on his death-bed," said Lady Oastlemaine," he saw tbe ghosts of his dead wives—Catharine, whom ho tortured to death by breaking her heart; poor murdered Anne Boleyn; Catherine Howard, slain in ber early youth; Jane Ssymour, whom he forgot as soon as shs was dead. Now, which of these wives did he love best ? " " Catharine of Arrsgon—there oan be no doubt ot it," said Lord Costlemaioe. " She was the love of his lile-they were but tbe loves of an hour." "Do you think a man ever has two loves in bis life?" asked Isabel Hyde, and she looked with a dear, straight glance into the earl's eyes. " No," was the prompt reply; " every man has one love that is above all others, and whioh is never repeated; " and he, in his turn, looking at his Beautiful young wife, seemed to say, " Such love as is mine for you." This did not please Isabel, wbo oould read his thoughts as plainly as shs could hear the outspokenwordsofothere. Sbe turned the conversation back.to its own channel. " I wonder," ehe said; slowly," what people would do in these days if au English king behaved in such a way." " They would give bim short abrilt," said Lord Oastlemaine, quickly. - " Englishmen, in these days wonld not stand by in silenoe, while a young and beautiful queen was beheaded," said Lady Oastlemaine. " People would soon begin to want to know more ol the divine tight of kings." " II we have the tableau," interrupted Isabel Hyde, promise me tbat I shall be the wife tbe king loved best, Catharine ol AraRon." "Iwill see to that," laughed Lord Oastlemaine ; and Lady Oastlemaine emiled as she said: " II the poor Queen Catherine had been one half so fair as you, there would have been no Anne Boleyn. CHAPTER XVL THE nrVAIi QUEENS. Never had the grand old abbey of Neath been filled by such a crowd as tbat assembled there during the first week ol the new year. It was a dream of fairy-laud, a dream of delight. The night that every one enjoyed the most was the one devoted to tableaux vivants. It was the orown of all other festivities. The old abbey was brightly illuminated. The light from the numerous windows streamed out In great ruddy floods on tbe white, hard ground. The lights were so -brilliant that they oould be seen far away. The abbey was crowded with guests from far and near; the neighbours who bad driven there oaring little for the oold of the winter's night, caring little tor the Irottjmd the snow. Rumor had been -busy, and much bad beenn said about the beauty and magnificence of the-; tableaux-, of the rare loveliness ot the ladies who had to take part in them. Not an invitati&n; was refused, despite the disadvantage of wind and weather. Tbe tableaux were to be held in wbat was onoe a magnificent banqueting room, in the days when the Oostlemaines entertained the kings and queens of England. A more modem and smaller dining-room had long Binoe been built, and the old banquet-hall was used as a ball-room or for private theatricals. It was an invaluable room at Christmas time, for it would hold halt the residents ot the oounty. Suoh a room to dance in 1 There was no othsr like it. But to-night it presents distinctive features. There is a stage with orimson curtains before it, row after row ot easy-chairs and velvet-covered benches; there are magnificent decorations ol flowers and Christmas evergreens; the great chandeliers are filled with wax tapers, and the light, though brilliant, ia soft and -pearly. Such an audienoe was gathered, together —all the aristocracy lor miles around. Halt tha- oounty was then—young and pretty guus, tab and bonnie matrons, husbands awl toot. It was, indeed, a brilliant gatberia^ isuy Oastlemaine rcoeired her quests, then went away to prepare rfor. the tableaux. : She was,: as nsnal, tbe most beautiful and graoeful hostess, -who bad a (mite and kind word for all.. - •. : . - . Every one agreed that the arrangementswsrelmost perfect; ,nothing :oould have been better. What a lovdy mixture eif choice hothouse fiowers aud evergreens I The stage was as large as that of any theatre. The seats Vers all so comfortable and eo well arranged, there was nothing but praise and-admiring comments. Lady Castlemaine looked especially lovely on that oooasion. -Sbe wore a superb, dress of white satin, exquisitely trimmed with sprays of mistletoe. She wore the fambue Oastlemaine diamonds, end in the land then were none finer; aha looked regal and beautiful, and all eyes followed her admiringly. The series of tableaux bad been mostiicsut;- fully arranged; no expense and no trouble had been spared. Tho first was from Uillain' "Lss Huguenots," that most pathetic of all pictures, where the Catholic maiden implores her Protestant lover, to .tie the wbitehandkerchief round his arm, that hs may be saved from the massBore; but he will not, not ever to save his own life will be wear for on< moment the emblem, ot a faith whioh be soorns. At first Lord Castlemaine and leabel had been called upon to take the two characters, but at the rehearsals it was decided tbat Isabel waB too dark, that the girl tbould be represented by one who contrasted with him one who was very fair and had golden hair- Lady Castlemaine. Every one pronounced it to be a perfect picture—the fair comelincst of the girl contrasting with tho dark, proud beauty ol the man; the imploring, beseeching prayer on her laoe, the grim rcsolvo on his. It was a lovely picture; and when the curtain fell there was great applause. Lady Castlemaine trembled. " Badolpb," she sail, " I -did not know that one's whole soul went into these pic. tures; mine did.- Rudolph, if you bad been that Huguenot lover, you would have let me tie the soarf round your arm, would you not?" He caught her in his anus just for one moment, and kissed her with desperate passion. " I would have done muah for you, darling,' hs said. " I am not euro, though, whethtt I could have done tha'." " I would have made you," she said. She raised her fair faoe to his and lisped him. There eonld be no mistake about the passionate love that husband and wife had for each other. ~ Isabel's vow was not near its fulfillment yet. Then followed a scene from " Faust and marguerite," beautifully arranged and highly applauded, whioh was followed by a picture from " The Lady of Lyons"—Claude Melnotte and Pauline. Pauline was one ot the young lady visitors. Then oame the tour tableaux that L" Oastlemaine bad arranged, and which "m had oome especially to eee. The fir ' Eing Henry tbe Eighth and his wife, rine of Arragon. He wore his royal and a magnificent king he made. Catharine, in a superb dress of velv ermine, a crown of diamonds on hr ' •• hair, stood by his side. He was seated; -Ho stood, with one hand on his shoulder, as though pleading with bim. " Every inoh a queen I" - In bei whole life Isabel Hyde had never looked so royal, so beautiful I Her dress suited her to perfection; the sweeping velvet, the rich ermine, the royal crown. Art could not have lent tbat rapt, loving expression to her faoe. Her eyes, as they rested on the king, were luminous with love; expressed wifely devotion, womanly tenderness, passionate love; and yet, although tbey said so muoh, they did not tell one-half ot what lay in her heart. A beautiful picture, intended to represent the home-life of the Eing and Queen Catherine. " Much to young for tbe part," was the general comment; " but how most exquisitely beautiful I What a face I what a figure 1" But the praise and the homage were lees than nothing to-her; all she oared to see was one Sash ot admiration and love in the eyes of Lord OaBtlemaine. She did not ess it, and her own grew the brighter tor their wistful longing. The curtains fell amid loud and sincere applause. Before any one had time to aome upon -the stage, Isabel turned to leave, with a quiok flash of ber dark eyes. " You should try to look as though you loved me, at least when we are on the stage together," she eaid; and before he oould give her an answer she was gone. The true meaning ot her words did not strike bim; she was not quits like the ordinary run of yonng ladies, and he must make allowances. He laughed as she disappeared, but he would not have laughed had he known what was in her heart. Then came a beantiful picture.. A story is told in legend, not in history, how Queen Catherine, going suddenly into her drawingroom, fonnd tbe kicg on his knees before Anne Boleyn. Neither ot them knew ot ber entrance, and the king went on with his passionate, loving words. This was tbe second tableau of the scries; some thought it the most beautiful; the kneeling king with all tbe passion of his heart and soul in his faoe; Anne Boleyn with tbe light full on her lovely features, on her fair bair, her gleaming jewels and picturesque dsess— the expression of her face so sweet, BO yieldiop, eo loving. There stood tbe angry queen, and, for once in her life, Isabel Hyde allowed her whole nature to speak in her face. Passionate love passionate anger, passionate despair were all there. A face that was at once beautiful, yet terrible,- the love of a life-time, tbe love that would neither count cost nor crime was there; there also was ths passionate anger, rage, and despair, more bitter than death. A silenoe that was more impressive than applause followed. The terrible passion on that daik, tragic faoo oould not BO Boon be shaken c/I. The third tableaux was taken from the scene known in history, where Anne Boleyn, then reigning queen, finds tbe king embracing Jane Seymour, and knows—poor, haplesa lady 1- - that her doom is sealed. Lady Castlemaine commanded universal attention; there was the same expression in her face that impressed the audienoe in Queen Catherine's passionate love and despair. The fourth and last tableaux was the beautiful and hapless Anne in her cell the night before her execution—a picture ol unspeakable loveliness and pathos. Tbe queen, in a long v.bite robe, her hair lying like a veil over her shoulders, kneeling before a table, on which rested the portrait ol the king. Was she thinking ot his wild pursuit of her, of his ardent love, of his worship ot ber beauty? How often the beautiful head that to-morrow would lie low in the dust had been pillowed -on his breast I Was she wondering to herself bow he could slay her, when ho had loved her so well ? Those who saw tbe picture never forget it. When the curtains fell, and Lady Castlemaine rose from her knees, she was pale and trembling. "Rudolph," she. oried, "a shadow has fallen over me. I wish I had not joined in these tableaux. I am not Anne Boleyn, I am Gertrude Casllemainc. You would not slay me, even if I did more than poopls say she did? -You would forgive me and love me always, to tbe end 1 See how my hands tremble, and my heart has grown cold. Nothing oould pul us, could it, Rudolph?'' "No, my darling,"be replied, kiBsing the pale, beautiful face. < " You bavs tired yaurself. I will bring yon a glass ot cutm- She drank it, bat thi eoloar dld not oome back to her face.' . - vi cannot tiiink," she aaid," vAat Is tha matter with me. As I knelt tben amh fc vbange feeling cam6 over ine, aa though what * was doing then was aome faint Anmhadowing ot what some day or othsr would happen' tome."-' ; .-i*'*. Ho ]assedtheeweetlips,ihattianbled ttflL " Rudolph," ehe crM, ^do you think I shall ever kneel before your 'piotureditaoe,' with my heart broken at loosing you J" 4 1 No," he said, " Gertrude darling, I wQI never have' another tkbleaux ln thebouse il they «Ceot you in this fashion," < - Then Isobel oame to them: "We axe not only rival roses," 'die «aid, laughingly, "but we are rival ^aeens, Ger- " Gertrude has meae hertdi m by giving her whole heart to the performanoea." ' "I am quite sure," said Lady Oastlemaine, " that I ehall feel, all tight, as though the scaffold was waiting for me in' the -morning." . And although she did her beet,-that .felling remained with ber during the rest of tbat brilliant evening. * • ;.t "I want to speJk just one word to you, Lord Castlemaine, before you give up your kingship. Tell me once again, that I may n- member, whichof these wives of youndid you love best?" • Isabe' tnd met him, as it seemed, quite by accident in ine narrow passage leading to the dressing-room—met him-and stood still before him, holding his eyes, as it were, with her own, while we'asked him the question. He was half startled tor one minute, then be answered: . "Catharine, to be sure." " Then I am glad I was Catharine—slighted, despised, and repudiated as she was, I am glad tbat I was Catharine. I have been queen to your king—I shall remember that." A vague thought that the ladies, some of them, must be on tbe point ot insanity, came over Lord Gastlemaine's mind, but -he dismissed it. He was clever and keen, and the Btrange tiling was tbat be had no idea, not the faintest suspioion, that Isabel Hyds was or bad been in love with him. CHAPTER XVIL THE MILLS OF OOD. Host young married people take some-time to understand each other, to fall into each other's ways, to learn to forebear, to be patient with each other's faults. Lord and Lady Oastlemaine were no exception to tbe ;er.m>! rule. They hod differences of opinion. Ihc hui-bipd, although he spoke at times ittari'atl; riily to bis wi'c. loved bet passionately. Lady Castlemaine, «lthcugb at times wanting in patience and kindness, bad the'same great devotion for her husband. They quarrelled sometimes, tbey differed in rpinion, tbey uttered a few sharp, hasty word.-; then tbey kisfeed and made friends, ju t like other husbands and wives. Tbey were perfectly happy in their married lifehappy ia tbe present, and hopeful for tbe future. It was nearly tho cud ol Januarybefore the gay party assembled at Ncatb Abbey dispersed ; and up to that time Isabel Hyde had made no progress with the fulfillment of .her vow. She was, if possible, more deeply ia love with Lord Castlemaine than ever. The Rhort, fli-eting hours when, on the stage, she bad acted the part ot hii wife, bad done ber incalculable barm. She seemed nevfe to forget the event, and it led her into a half familiar kind of msnner with him that would have aroused tbe jealousy of eome wives; but Lsdy Castlemaine never seemed to notioe it. Tbey were both grieved to part with her; they bad begged her to Btay longer with them, but sbe had answered, laughingly: "I mu=t go eomitime; I cannot stay always. I cannot live with yon, but I would it I oould." "The only comfort ia that we shall see you in town. We are going early. Perhaps Lady Cresson will let yon oome to us for a few work* then." " Tbat would be delightful 1" said Isabel Hyde, with a smile that was eo much Greek to Lidy Castlemaine. The carriage was at the door; the white snow lay frozen on the ground; the-robinredbreasts flit's j about on the bare boughs; tbe sky was blus and cloudless, and the wind soughed around the grand old walls—a bright, beautiful winter's day. Lord Castlemaine was going to drive Miss Hyde to Rsdmoss station. Other guests had been driven by the ooachman, but sbe had looked in her host's faoe when the manner and time of her going was mentioned. "You will drive me?" she eaid. "How many happy rides and drives I have had with you I and this will be the last 1" "The last lor a time," be replied. -'Ihope we shall otten ride together in London." " Do you really hope tbat?" sbe asked. " Assuredly I do," was tbe reply, in a tone ot wonder. Tiiey all three stood oh the drive; the hor-<eB were impatiently pawing the ground* Lord Castlemaine went to the catrisge to see it tbe rugs were all right, and tbe two beautiful women stood alone for a few minutes. Lidy Castlemaino had thrown a fur cloak over ber shoulders, yet she shuddered as the wind blew. " I nm afraid," she said, that you will have a dull journey; it is so very cold." "I am quite sure ot that," eaid Isabel. " I should be dull at leaving you il it were the brightest day in summer. I wonder what kind of season it will be; a brilliant one, I hope." " It is sure to be," eaid Lidy Oastlemaine. " We shall not be rival roseB this year," said Isabel. " You oan never again be a rival; you arc victorious." We shall not be rivals; we never were, in that sense ot the word. Isabel, you will not lorget one thing—that you have called me friend ?" '•I shall rot lorget it," she replied, with a peculiar smile. " The greatest pleasure to me of the coming sea on is that I shall «eo you again," said Lady Oaitlemaine, as she kissed the face of tbe girl tbat was to bring suoh unutterable woe to her. And so with a kiss, false as the kiss of Julas, tbey parted. Tbat evening, over her dressing-room fire, Gertrude, with her husband, discussed Isabel Hyde. " She seems so very muoh attsched to ns," said Lady Castlemaine, "I think myself quite fortunate in having found such a friend. You have known her some time, Rudolph; bow is it you did not fall in lovs with her 1" "I I" be replied, easOy. " Ah, my Gertrude, she is beautiful and olever, but sbe ia not the styls of girl I Bhould have loved. You are my style, and no other. We have been married nearly a year, and I am even more your lover than I was on our wedding-day. You are, and always must be, the one only, woman in the world for me." As Gertrude kissed the lips that had uttered sucb loving words, ehe thought herself tbe most fortunate as well as the happiest woman in the world. It tbe stars tbat shine above ns and hear so many vows, oould but tell bow otten they are made, and bow otten tbey arc broken 1 If the tall trees, tbat stand with their great branches erect and bare, oould tell the vows made under their shade—eo fervent, so earnest, oue would think tbey must be immortal—and thsy last about a year I Hew ths stam and ths trees must laugh at suoh levers' perjuries; bow often this love is changed or deaf before tbe leaves have taUtn and tbe green eomei mud again) While husband and wile so discussed her, babel Hyde waa in lier own room at Holme Beaton, where she was staying with ber aunt Ladv Cresson, and she was fade to faoe with a failure, a complete and perfeet failurp. ThelastthW die hadseen atVeath Abbey was how Lord Oastlemaine, after he bad arranged licr rags and 'had made ber quite eomfortable, hastened from tbe carriage to wh6re -1iis wife stood, wrapped in her tuf «lo«k. " " ' "'-•'. How handsome he looked standing there in tbe winter snnshine, bis dark faoe all aglow with love I : Little heeding any lookers-on,-he took Gsrtrudsin his armsand kissedher. ^Good-hy, my darling I" he eaid. "I shall nbt be gone long." As they drove away, to tbe last his eyes- Ungered oh Hex, and when thoy oould eee bet nolonger, he began to talk about ber. andevery word that he uttered was in loving praise J other. Isabel Hyde , had to listen and respond.! Most people would have been quite daunted. She was going away; it was uncertain, to Ay the least of it, when they wonld meet again; and be had no thought for her; bis heart-' and mind were fall of his wife. ISven at tho railroad station,'when hs bid arranged her travelling.rugs, seen tbat ehe bad the most comfortable seat in it first-dan ear, when be brought papers.and penodiaab to amuse her during the journey, when he had shaken hands with ber and had -bidden - hp good-by, ehe could tell that hie thoughts were still with Gertrude; for he oame back to her just as tbe train was starting—not, as shs fondly imagined, to speak a few kind words - to her, a last farewdl, but to «ay: "Do you think Gertrude is looking as well H ehe did in town 7" Her patience gave way as she answered : "Yes, I think she looks as weU-as'jtji possible for her to look," ' But if she intended ber answer to he sar> castio, her sarcasm was all lost, entirely lost on Lord Castlemaine, in whose eyes hiB wife always looked beautiful. Then the train went on its way, and soon left Neath Abbey far behind. . . Isabel went with a sense of failure; and now, as she est in ber room alone, she was faoe to face with the knowledge that although die had brought all the power ol her mind to bear on her purpose—that of making mischief between husband and wife, and ot ultimately parting them, ehe bad ignominio&ly; failed. She sat for some time in silence; then die clenched her white hands. 