« ROMISH CONVERT:"- (To the. Editor of ' the Protestant Standard.) Rev. Siu, — Plcnso give- space- in your fearless, : honest, - and -learned 'journal : to the - following ; cheering! faots — :.Thov.Rov.:'v-T. - Gray, -, of the American Mothodist ; , Episcopal . vOliuroh : iu ; Florouco, Italy, reports— The, Rev.-, Div.Lauua, a -Roman . Catholic priost, and- professor, iu tho -.Vatican. University, Rome,', was oonverted from \- tuof ope:s lallaoy to Uhrist s laitli tour years ago, : and .is ever '.since u .distinguished . Methodist .preacher in. Italy. Baron .Giovunni:Gattuao, a ; young Sicilian officer of tho Italian, army, was ' oonverted ' two years ago, from tho dolusions of poporycto tho religion of Christ/and then became a zealous "Methodist - Evangelist 1 at tho city of Arozzo; This - year a Monsignore, a Roman Bishop of1, high roputo in the court of tho lato Popo Pius the Ninth, has oponly loft the Romish Church; and joined tho Methodist Churoh ; and is ovor since : a faithful and foarloss preaolior of the Gospel all over priestridden Italy.; Count Andre do la Villc,. who belongs to tho anciont and noble Fronoh family of. - the - Dukes de la Yille- Sur- Illon, who is a earned scholar, a celebratod poet, and. a finished orator, last Fobruary, from , honest conviction, publicly left- the Romish sect and --joined the Mothodist Churoh, and quickly wrote to his follow student, His Eminonco the Curdinal Yicar of Rome, proclaiming his \- prayorful decision, and most zealously admonished the Cardinal to embrace the Protestant faith. This is tho second Italian noblonian who has joined: the Methodist -Church during tho last six , years of- its. existence and eminent labours for Christ:- in Italy, undor; tho' loariied-and spiritual supervision- of . tho- Rov. . DivYernoii. - The olergv of " Tlio;Ameiienn Protostant Episcopal Ohurcli," the .;. Ministers', of, the Presbyterian! Church, the Pastors, -of - tho Congregational Church, tho Pastors of tho Baptist Chureh/and tho Ministers of the -Methodist Church, havo -roooived a host of converted Priests, Monks; Friars, Students, Nuns, liko Miss - Edith O'Gonnan (tho Esoaped Nun), who is 'like Deborah or Huldah or Anna of old, arousing the pooplo in every land to sort o God, notwithstanding the fulso and cowardly lies tho deceitful Jesuits conjure up, and which the jolly fish Editors of- some secular newspapers pander and crawl to print against her whon she is gone ; and has no opportunity -to- refute Buch mean and dasturdly stutomonts. f Such -is tho coiyardioe of Rome; who will mot :mcot-protestunts'in open -and -honest, .debute,- but - villifiosi them when absent as- thoy, ; have oalumniatod- Pastor. Ohiniquy, -and various other converted priests, nuns,, men and women, - who abandoned tho delusions ' of tho -Rdmish/. Ohuroh and embraced the Protestant : religion. Wo . find Bishop , Rilly . and his , pro- tostunt clergy, eatechists, schoolmasters, and honourary lay missionurios. are doing in Mexico, though they sufferod groat persecution whon they first began to' plant the gospol in that dark \- country where Romish uiassliouscsure us numerous us public houses, dancing houses, gambling houses, cockfigliting; houses, and bullfighting houses, but soon, tho tide turned, God led sevornl priests, students, nnd nuns, from the fables . of Rome to the soul . saving faith and hope of - tho glorious Gospel of Jeaus Christ. And tho. groat contro versy, which was hold in Rome iti 1872, with tliB Roman Oatholio Prinoo Cliigi, -as /Chairman, and Father Alesandro Gavazzi, tlio Rev. Dr. Goavanni Ribotti, and the .Bey., Dr. Francises Seiarlli, who aro three converted priosts , from 'Romunisin to Protostantisui; who attended as our lirotestant champions thero, against tho throo fol lowing Romish " rectors " namely tho Rev. Canou Fabiani, the Rev.' Father Doiv Giusepjie. Cipolla ; and tlie ' Rev. Professor Augusto Guidi. Pope Pius, the Ninth -boasted ' that liis' throb ghostly celibates would soon conquer the three Protestant -heretics; ' and eonvinco tho world that St. Potor was first Popo in Rome. The subjeot Tor diious- sion was, was St'. Peter ever at Rome ! - The hall was oruinrued by; the -wealthy people- of Italy, many Roman. Outholios woro nmuzod to find that -whilo tho Romish disputunts : had , hoaps of books nnd folios - piled . upon ;. tlie, platform,: .'containing traditionary fables for conturies, of, Peter's, priuiuey ut Koine, with all his relies, &c.;, yet) the Protes tant champions had only one) (Little Book) namely ; (the Holy Bible) which vory soon smote the heap of Romish . rubbish, namely tho forgeries frauds and counterfeits, of Popish Liioifierian legends and Gulliverism fibs of St. Peter's opiscopaey at Rome. The Protostant defenders . proved that St. Peter never wrote to Rome or travelled to Rome nor preachod ait Rome' nor planted tho ehurch at Romo, but' S t.- Paul who' did: not rule as Priest, Cardinal, or -Popo - thore;; /but- only -as a; faithful Minister of God, who > never ? owned St. Peter's supromaoy as Pope any; more: than- he' did tlie Popedom of any of tho otlior Apostles, Paul ; openly rebuked Poter, and Peter lived and laboured in- Palestine, - and , (Peter;, was,, never; in ,-Roino no- more than- the man-.in, the, moon: was. there). ..-The Romish- disputants oxh'ibited , , the rotten , rags. -Peter's ohait- which was proved to. bo stolen from 'Mohammedl'over six hundred, years after. Peter s doath. Poter's h61y chains)fishing nots, lioly keys woodon shoos, holy, cross, ..." pick and spade, and bronze statue, wore/ proved/ to bo mbst shainoless forgeries and impostures, piled by' lying, monks, and barefaced women, centuries after the death of St. -Peter j - bndvSt., Peter never calls himself Pope- of Rome, or any other place in any of his epistles, but when Rome could not find Peter's residence in Rome in the Bible, the monks inven-' ted tbose false and foul fables to decoive the world with traditionary fables, that would beat . (Dunston and his fiery flying tongues). Popery might as well exhibit St. Peter's first class ticket for his balloon flight through the air from Antioch over the Mediterreanean Sea to Rome, as to dare pawn upon the learned world the heathen relics of Peter, to try to prove his residence at Rome, which is a most laughable myth, and a most unhistorical, illogical, and unscriptural hypothesis. Let any person, Roman Catholic, Protestant, or any one else, carefully and honestly read the sacred Epistles of St. Peter, and they will very soon learn Peter was a thorough Protestant, and not a papist. If the Pope, Cardinals, Archbishops, Bishops, Priests, Monks. Friars, and Nuns believe in St. Peter : question why do they not act liko St. Peter, openly and honestly marry, and forsake the heathen celibacy of the Romish Church, &c.; Question. What good came out of thut contro versy at Rome? Ans. Hundreds of Roman Catholics renounced the lying fables and forgeries of the man of sin ; and boldly abandoned the false religion of the Church of Romo and became honest and zealous Protestants, while multitudes of their eminent Romish dignitaries confossed the whole argument on Rome's side, was a complete failure. Rome was first to challenge Protestants to debate the question ; and was first to retire from the scene. And the Pope afterward refused to allow any of his priests to discuss with Protestants, find ing the loss of several men and women of high rank who left Rome in consequence of hearing and reading the reports of that remarkable dis- cussion which ended in entire victory in' favour of Protestantism. The Rev. Dr. Schulty, Principal of the Roman Catholic University of Sienna, a few years ago with several other noble minded priests and learned laity in Austria, renounced the, errors of Rome and became firm and faithful Protestants by tho divine teaching of tho Bible. The Rev. Father Spinosa came some years ago as a cunning and slippery Jesuit to convert sleepy John Bull in England, but an Irish Protestant clergyman proved a Samson, and conquered the Spanish Philistine, which led Father Spinosa and his brother to become clergymen in tho Church of England. Father Spinosa is now successfully conducting a controversial Protestant newspaper, against the sorceries of Rome in Spain, where Miss Murray is also carrying on a very successful Protestant mission to tho poor Roman Catholic women in Spain. Father Spinosa has been labouring several years with great success and has been blest in leading many converts from Roman ism to Protestantism, and is assisted by over two hundred and fifty converted priests of tho Roman Church, who labour among whole congregations of reformed Spaniards. Father Spinosa's brother is labouring as a Minister of tho Church of England in the West Indies. In Portugal we have over two hundred convertod Romish priests over reformed congregations. In France tho zeal of the Waldenses and the Albigenses, tho noble Miscards, and illustrious Huguenots, enrried on the Christlike work of the immortal Reformation, where now we have hundreds of tho converted congregations formed from " tho elite noblesse of the French nation," and the reformed priests as their spiritual leaders there. Tho old Catholics of France under the reformed Father Hyacinthe, are carrying on a brilliant work in France, and the Rev. Dr. Dollinger, the Rev. Professor Kopp, and the Rev. Professor Michael- ous, and a great number of other reformed Romanists in Germany.' Wo learn how God, in convincing and converting papists in Holland, Belgium, oven many head lights, nobles, scholars, bishops, priests, presidents, and professors' of Romish Oolldges, have forsaken tho Romish apos- tacy and embraced most lioartiiy tho simple and honest faith of the Gospel of tho blessed God; The Principal of the Romish College in Sicily, a few years ago, fled from tho barren boasts and gulliverian legends of Romanism ; and -became a zealous Wesleyan Minister in that place. In Canada arid the United States wo have prio3ts reformed year by year, and bigotted papists also, by tho zeal and efforts of that man of God, "Pastor Cliiniquy," Father La Fontaine, Father O'Connor, Father' Walsh, and many others now in chargo of reformed Roman Catholic congre gations in various oitios in the vast American continent. Let us rejoice to learn how tho reformation is doing such excellent work. When Cardinal Wiseman boasted he would subjugate England to kiss the Pope's big too, in 1851, the Roman Pontiff sent a chosen staff of cunning and oily Jesuits to snare tho unguarded people of England. Tho Rev. Dr. Thomas Buttler, and his priestly band, wore met by Irish Protestant olorgy, in various cities in England, where tho Romish Goliath's challenged the' English pro testants to combat. How did it end? The Rev. Dr. Buttler, and several of his Romish band, became clergymen in the Church of England. Father Hanlan and' several other priests re nounced the old wives' tales of Rome 'and became Ministers in tho Church of England. And_ even tho Welsh Protestant Church is ex ceedingly blest in leading many Roman priests and people; openly, to embrace the reality of our protestant faith. "Learn how Romish bishops, priests, people, and Jesuitical - newspapers boast about tho perversion of a few bush-know-nothing protestants ; or some political huxters or soft brained youth falling; in love with some Romish woman or rite ; but truly such are only- (bush infidels) to be twisted like paste in. tho hands of a fanatical cabal of ignorant old crones, of the Romish confraternity of tho Virgin Mary. See how Rome crows about "tho sad and silly apostacy of the Earl- of Ripon, Lord Osborn, Archdeacon Manning, Dr. Newman,' Canon Oakley, the crazy poor Sibthorp and a few others/ but Rome fails to chronicle ; they fell away like Judas, Simon Magus; Alexander the coppersmith,' Domas, Phygellus, Hermogenes, Hymondens, Philetus, and all the early followers of the Apostle Paul forsook him in Asia, 1 Tim. i. 20; 2 Tim. i. 15 ; 21 iu ' iL and 2 Tim. iv. 10 ; Luke xxii. 21.- Many of the Disciples went back and forsook Christ, John v- 66; Acts viii. 18. And several angels from their heavenly state, Jude vi.- But we Protestants. scorn to hate or persecute, any unfortunate man or woman who may be snared in the Pope's trap, we charitably pray to God to give them repentance and salvation. But when Romish priests or people forsake papal bondage to in tho open sunshine of civil and religious liberty of our Protestant faith, how the Pope's Dragonades like of old hound them ; vilify, and excommunicate them with bell and book and candle, and tho Popish Inquisitors lead their fanatical votaries to perseoute and murder Protes tants for openly forsaking the foul and persecuting teaching of Rome ; as the cruel Jewish Sanhedrim led 40 fanatical Jews to swear an abominable oath not to eat nor drink, 'till they killed St. Paul ; because tlioy hated him for leaving tho Jewish apostasy in obedience to Christ's divine call, Acts xxiii. 2 ; learn what is doing on in Ireland. Tho two brothers, Priests Nolans. The Rev. Prebendary Bourk, the three brothers Priests Moriarty, nephews of the late Roman Catholic Bishop of Kerry, tho Rev. C. J. McCarty. Tho two brothers Priests Crothy. The late Dr. O'Brien, aftowards Protestant Bishop of Ossory, also Rome's Irish champion, tho Rev. Dr. Roderick Ryder, and tho Pope's Irish Star, namely tho Rev. Dr. Mortimer O'Sullivan, and Tom Moore tho Irish poet ; and various other priests and people were converted to the Protes tant faith in Ireland. I can give a list of over 300 converted Romish priests who left the Romish church and became Protestant ministers during tho last ten years. Why is this? because God has men of love, courage, talent and zeal, who still believe as ever in spreading the teaching of tho glorious Reformation, in the American Protestant Defence Society, tho Protestant Refor mation Society in England, the Scottish Refor mation Society in Scotland; tho various Pro-' tostant defence societies : in other countries, and the Irish Ohurch Missions, tho Irish Priests' Protection Society, and tho Irish Society, &c.;, in Ireland, which employs able olerical'and lay lecturers, preachers, and visitors, to bring the Saviour's call to ropentanoo, sal vation, pardon, and peace, to the hearts and souls of tho Pope's slaves and gymnosophists, crazy ascetics, anchorites, hermits, pilgrims, and im becile .flagellants, &c.;, in Ireland. And I have studied in College in Ireland, America, and Eng land under many eminent converted priests, from Romanism to Protestantism ; and I cortify as a protcstant missionary in many lands, over the last twonty years, that it is God's saving grace, tho power of tho Holy Ghost, by the oonstant preaching of the Divino Gospel of Christ, con troversial classes, lectures, sermons, pamphlets, tracts, papers, and visits from houso to houso, speaking tho . sacred and saving truth of God to - the benighted souls of Roman Catholics, which leads Romanists to embraeo the revoaled religion of Almighty God, and which leads thom from being rebols, traitors, peep o' day boys, white boys, Molly-maguires, shahavaths, corrovaths, terryalles, fenians, dynamiters,infernal machinists, greekfire agents, mountain rovers, blackfaced brigades, housebreakers, ribbonmen, house burners, cattlecutters, pirates, highwaymen, bushrangers, marauders, terrorists, communists, revolutionists, fillibusters, brigands, carlists, socialists, and red- handed cuthroats, moonlighters, and murderers, landleaguers, home rulers, satan's rulers, &c.;, in every land which has been cursed by the inhuman teaching of Rome, who are always opposing both this law of God and man in daring to terrify tho King's parliaments, judges, magistrates, and officers of the nations which will not yield to tho daring presumption of the Pope of Rome. But many good protostants of various protostant de nominations, I regret, fail to aid our Christ honoured societies for the- spread of tho Gospel' amongst Roman Catholics. ' Why is this? Answer : Because they have neither courage nor learning to face barefaced Jesuits. Look at the Bible from first to last ? God designed it, and revealed it, as a Divine controversial book against all tho errors of pagans, heathens, and all shams upon earth ; and as tho quenchless lamp to light saved souls to heaven at death. And God sent prophets, apostles, and His Divine Son to dispute tho errors of Jews and Gentiles, and correot their false teaching by tho sacred doctrines of the Bible, which all great and good peoplo loves, and all wicked people hates. I daily yearn and' pray to God to unite the protestants of- all- denominations to establish an " Australian Protestant Reformation Society." We have societies to roform Chinese, Buddhists, Indian fakers, tho fanatical dupes of Zooroaster, tho Hindoos, Mahommodans, Mormons, Turks, Jews; American Indians, and Zulu savages in foreign lands, but let us not neglect to reform the Pope's savages in our own Empire ? I well know how vile sophists of Rome and all the freebooters of the Man of Sin will paint and polish their guilded pills to tempt half and half protestants, half- breeds, to degrade all who may be tempted by their cups of bewitching onticements and en chantments, to trap tho dancing, racing, picnic gaining, and bazaar visiting, fireside and bush protestants, who desecrate God's sabbath by going on horseback and in buggies twenty and thirty miles, but scarcely ever attend God's House to' hear God's Word from God's ministers on God's day. When will tho -latitudinarian and rational- ists and the weathercock politicians of Australia awake to the real danger of popery, and unite' to save this lovely land from, the curse of Rome ? When will tho Bishops of tho Churoh of Eng land, tho Presbyterian, Assembly, the Wesloyan Conference, the Congregational Union; and tho Baptist Union, appoint qualified Ministers and Missionaries to labor for tho conversion of bigoted Romanists in Australia, like tho various protestants of other lands? I am afraid our blanket parsons, our reverend dandies, our self- regulated theologians, are entirely unfit either by learning or courage, or -' love for the rescue of tho perishing souls of our poor Roman Catholic countrymon. It is real' love - for the eternal welfare of Roman Catholics which fires pro testants to work to convert thorn to Christ. Why don't the Revivalists join us: to re vive, Christ's Redemption amongst Roman Catholics in Australia? In conclusion I propose Mr. Editor through your valuable paper to humbly call upon Orangemen and Protestants of all denominations to rally, unite, and establish an " Australian Protestant Defence Association " or- " Protestant -Reformation Sooiety " ; tlion by : God's help labour for ' tho defence and spread of tho Gospel of Christ amongst Roman Catholics arid Infidels and Jews, and guard the careless and- indifferent classes from the traps ol Rome. Let us request Lord Carrington or- Bishop Barry or yourself, or Dr. Steel, or another to be our presi dent, thon select loyal Protestants both laity and' clerics as our committee and Dr. Z. Barry as treasurer, and sent out travelling preachers and lecturers throughout Australia without fearing the frowns of Cardinal Moran or the Pope of Rome, but as Ministers and servants of the living God, in loving duty to our adorable Saviour and only Advocate Jesus Christ. And sincerely teach the divine truth of Christ to Roman Catholics. Learn the sad story ; — your Protestant children of all denominations, think there is no doctrinal difference between Romanism and Protestantism. Then Romish bishops and priests will wince and whine like they do in America when they find tho living power of Protestantism, fearlessly and suc cessfully reclaiming Romanists to tho entire alle giance of King Emanuel ; and as a loyal subject of Queen Victoria, I am ready and willing to aid such a Reformation Society by my talent, pen and purse, for God's glory, and tho conversion of poor Roman Catholics in Australia. Yours faithfully, DR. LOONEY. 