Plays and Siiows, A 2Aii mams was given ia the Foresters' Hall, Valley, onAngnatG, under the auspioes of the Soandinavian Sooiety. There were over 70 couples oa the floor, and the dresses were excellent. The master of oeremonies did his duties in capital style, and the masquerade was a decided success. The unmasking was the Boene of the evening, and the effect of the Baeohanallah progress was grand, when the lights Were turned down, and Bacchus (Dir. G. t. Smith) mounted on a bog was carried ronnd by six satyrs in grinning hideonsness suitable to the assumed character, which all the better set off the jolly, rubicnnd features and rotund figure of Bacchus. Daring the procession the hall was lighted np by the maequeraders, each bearing a coloured lantern mounted on stioks in genuine rustic fashion. We did not observe the glorious Silenns in attendance on the wine crownod god, although no doubt he was there in all his glory. The nioest propriety was striotly carried out thronghout the whole pro ceeding, and maeqneradeB so cirefully managed as the one last night, cannot fail to be popular, and a source of enjoyable entertainment much in favour with all dancers. SanBseBABB's tragedy of "Hamlet" was produced at the Theatre Boyal by Mr. W. J. Holloway and his talented company on the Gth instant. The house was crowded in every part, the dress oircle being filled with the usual fashionable Friday night audience. The Shakespearian productions of Mr. Holloway have so far been most successful, and it is gratifying to Bee that Brisbane sndienoes are so highly cultured as to prefer sound sterling merit to morbid sensationalism. After suoh suocesses as "Borneo and Jnliet" and "Much ado abont nothing," great anticipations had been formed abont " Hamlet." Whatever might have been expected, the performance certainly equalled if it did not surpass its predecessor?. Mr. Holloway has mounted " Hamlet" in » way that refleota credit upon all concerned iu its production. The scenery is new and com plete. When the ourtain fi'st rises it disclose? a charming view of the battiemenis of the castle at Elsinore. The fortress towers high above the surroundings, and the rod glare of the beacon-light throws shadows of a weird nature around. The ghost scenes are well done and most effective, whilst the scene at the summit of the cliff, where the ghost stands and delivers his melancholy tale, evoked applause. The rooms of state and the queen's oratory are well set, whilst the churchyard scene, with the church in the back ground, and the newly-made grave, could hardly have been batter. Mr. Holloway played Samlet, and it evidently is a character that he has given mnoh thought and study to. Essie Jenyns as Ophelia, the ill-fated daughter of Pohnitu, plays with that conscien tiousness and skill whioh she never fails to display in whatever she undertakes. The whole of the costumes were in excellent taste. The musio was admirably arranged by Mr. Frank Eugarde, and the hand played well 