Margory's Guardians. CHAPTER XIV. TniOSE words had hardly passed Mar goryvs lips, when a policeman, whom thedoetective had secretly despatched on an errand, returned, and whispered Soniething to his employer. Mr. Coulter uttered an exclama lion of annoyance. SI have been, a fool,' he muttered. SlIight have known the fellow would have been on the alert. No, Brown, I can't spare you to follow him, and you would lose yourself before you caught him on the moor. I will telegraph to morrow to town and the ports, but I'd a guinea he gets clear off now. Mr. Grander,'-with a marked empha-is on the name-'I must coingratulate you oni the escape of your accomplice, son, or wwhatever he may be.' ',Escape !' exclaimed the prisoner, angrily. ' What do you mean by such language.? My son is as guiltless of co-operating with me as that girl yonder.' 'Facls told a different tale in the Hert6field forgery affair,' returned the detective dryly. For the firsttiriie the colour forsook the prisoner's cheeks. SWhi.t are you talking about ? What have I to do with that ' he exclaimed, in strange agitation. ' Oh ! nothing-nothing at all,' said l\Mi.. Coulter; ironically. '.Perhaps, sir, you will. allow me. to refresh your memory, which appears rather at a loss. 'L'hre- years ago false'bank notes, to a Sconsiderable amount, were distributed .among theoinllibitanits of the town of Hertsfield; the imposture wasdisc,,vrred, and a detective (myself) was sent' for, and traced then, to two men-re port said father atid son-who wen by the name of Gutton. Before they .could beo arrested;, these men dis 'iappieared, and eiuded pursuit. They .were disguised at the time, but I rarely fail to recognise a man once seen .under nny. circumstances.. I knrew .your son at once. He is sharp in i?centing danger, and has, doubtless, started for America, or- somewhere S;qually convenient. We may catch him, or we may not; but, at any rate, we have got. you, Mr. Grander, or Gutton, or whatever you like to call yourself, and you will not get off quite so ?-isily;,I can tell you. A clever busi iness, this last little 'affair of yours, but ratheritoo strong, my dear sir. There is danger in playing with edged tools, u.id it's ticklish work' bringing down a detective to act for-you blindly, es p'ecially when he has had the pleasure of your, acquaintance before!' And, :nclUolding :this; little harangue, Mr. Coulter mopped his face with a silk handkerchief, and motioned to his men to lead the prisoner from the room. BuI:t Mir. Commyne frustrated his .iurpios by placing himself between him 'and the door. 'T:: ll me all about it, Coulter, ?heiro's a good fellow. Remember, I •nu'i' next to nothing.' Thb detective, .with a terribly, good gras?, suibmitted. '. - .. :' Whaftdo you ?antt to know, sir ?' he asked of Mr.Commyne. ' Everything,' returned this. ' entle man, composedly. " ' Humpl !' That is not so easy, sir. However, ';I will tell youi a little. I got first on;-a .wrong, track,, I allow, but 'Miss", Grey's 'ghost story soet me right. "I, made inquiries ,to-day at Ti urlstone, the result of which.con firmed my idea. I even thought I saw the p'prisoner. get' out of an afternoon train, ; but he was. then so disguisod is was. impossible to recognise him. I 'got. a war ran ' ;i, 'howeverr in readiness for liim' arid' gave or fers to the ,'meh, ýwihom I let info thie house after every one had gone to,,bd., The end justi fi,'ed:wmiy .expectations, though' what tlihfman:coiuld 'be' playinig ghost'for, :I owi, piuzzled me. Of course, now it ip clear. Evidently he was too cautious to· destro the :will, 'eitridg th'oe wit nessesu m,;igiht betray" its' existence, when: ihn the evont"if, a search, it cou!d Ib liis contrivance)'be found' (address ing Miss-Gr.ey) 'among your father's p.pers;, a:und secure him from suspi ion. Ot o;iu s honsssis':in thle liouse, miss, at the timeof oyour failber's death ?' argory 'ostented aind Mr. Coulter proceet d "Then; 'no ldoubt, he .ifouud and seoui?d "1? h wil, contriving, in some wy, to ibsilieice the 'witniesses, Pro bnbly, his plan of disappairing to throw the suspiclon of his murder on Ml:. Ragland way executed too hurriedly to allow him time to secure or destroy the will, and not trusting his son suffi ciently to coAfide to him the seecrt of its hiding-place, he had no alternative but to c me him?elt and act the ghost. Doubtle.-s he would have succeeded in his, attempt the first night had it not been for Miss ,rey's nocturnal expedi tion. As it was thanks to her caution, in holding her tongue, he believed him self safe, and walked quietly into my trap. The murder scheme was a bold one, but it was clearly neck or nothing, his plot having evidently been to work himeelf into Mr. Grey's confidence in order to win his daughter's fortune for his son, and I fear you wili find con siderable deficits when you come to look into the accounts.' 'But what about Captain Grander ?' put in Margory. ' Was he hia father's' accomplice, and how could such a man be in the army ?' ' My dear young lady, be is n-, more in the army than you are It is only a b'ind of respectability. He is in some rascally business in town, of which the lees said the betteor. The son is, of the two. a greater scoundrel than the father ; but they are a precious pair, both of them.' 'What a horrible plot!' cried Mar gory. 'And I might, have-' She broke off with a shudder. ' How can Captain Grander have got scent of what was going on, do you thi k ?' she asked, after a moment's pause. 'Is not his room near. Mr. Coi mvne's ?' ' Ys ; next door.' 'Then no doubt he heard you call your uncle, and a moment's listening at this door would convince him all was lost. I was a great fool not to send after him at once, but this will ab sorbed all my thoughts when I should have been attending to other matte s; but, at any rate, we have got the. most important one as ,ar as the business is concerned.' 'You think there is no doubt of hih being his father's accomplice in this also ?' asked Mr. Commyne. ' Not a doubt of it, sir ! In fact I'd lay anything the whole murder plan originated with him. The old fellow is daring enough, but he hasn't imagi nation - nough for that.' 'Bu I can't understand,' said M.ir gory, knitting her brows, ' how it was he agreed to have you here. -Te could easily have got someone else who would not have known anything about him.' ' He knew nothing about me, miss. I went to Hertsfield as a bank clerk under the name of Thompson and was in disguise the whole time ' The forgers escaping through the negligence of the police there, the affair was rther hushed up, and probably my real name never transpired. . Had he known who I really was, you may be very sure I should' never have set foot in the Grange.' * Well, it, is 'a ,dreadful business altogether,' observed Mr. Commyne, with a sighl. .'.The only comfoirt is having, found the will . By the bye, you noveri.told'_ me:. where-it, was, Coulter!' 'Hidden in a sort of cupboard, behind a panel,, sir. I was anxious to see what it. was ,that could make him risk his safety in that way;'so let hiw have full play till he had brought it out. He dropped "it 'when he was arrested, and was frantic afterwa;ds at seeing me peck it up. I had not the' precaution to handcuff him, he might have des troyed it in spite of us all, he is so. quick and sharp. Now, sir. I must really after my prisoner.; and, if ybou will. allow' me to advise; I should say Miss Grey had better go to bed after this little excitement.' ' 'Yes, we will both go." said Mr. Commyne. ' But what will we 'do'wich the prisoner?' 'Keep .him safe in this house till morning. The trial' will come. off early. But there is no great hurry, and he. Iso such a troublesome customer, I sha'n't feel easy to let my eye off him till:it is over. No doubt he would be safe enough at the police station, but. it.is late to knock them up, and Mr. R?g. land, mut appear before the magistrates to get his release.' ' Then do what you can to 'make yourself comfortable,' said Mr. Com myne, warmly. ' Call up Dixon to give you the cellar key. I suppose there is something to drink there, oh, Nadge ? You are mistress of the house now, my dear.' ' I !' exclaimed, . Margory, in sur prise. But Mr. Coulter interrupted. 'Thank you, sir.; but I could not answer for my men if they get to drink ing;'; and I would rather take nothing till I have landed my prisoner safe in the, police-station., Much obliged all the same. Good-night, sir; good-night, miss. Told you should not be quite undisturbed, you see.' And he was leaving. the room when IMr. Commyne, detaned ' him with a final query 'You won't leave in the morning without seeing mn -?' 'No, sir. I shall want a fly or something for my prisoner. ' You can have the carriage,' put in Margory, eagerly.: 'Thank you, miss.' And this time the detective really did succeed in quitting the room, while Margory added, as an inside, "That is, if the carriage really is mine. I can't comprehend it, somehow.' ' Of course it is yours; always has been, and the housa too,' returned Mr. Commyne, ciatching his niece's obser-: vation. Margory, uneasy with the night's adiventure, now ran out of the room, leaving her new guardian to posse?s himself of the will, well satisfied 'with the result of the night's work. CHAPTER XV. TUE morning rose bright and clear; and as the sun mounted in the blue sky an unusual buntle might have been observed pervading the streets of the small town of Thurlstono. It was neither a market-day nor an election, the only two shings that usually had power to rouse the sleep ing town to anything like life and movement; and yet the inhabitants were turning out of doors, and collect in little groups at the street corners, as if something was in the wind more interesting than their customary busi ness. By-and-by a stream began to set towards the town hall, in which the magistrates held their sittings; while another, including chiefly the errand boys and idlers, poured shortly after wards towards the police-station, dis tant about two hundred yards from the hall, round the door of which they took their stand, whiling away the time of waiting by rough jokes and chaff, and generally directed against the man who had become, for the nonce, the hero of the little town. It was not every day a murder was committed near Thurlstone, and a genuine murder examined before the bench at the town hall, and Thurlstone was disposed to give the event the pres tige it undonbtedly deserved. This present occasion was quite too good to be lost, and so the crowd gathered, and gossiped, and gaped, after the nature of English crowds in general. Within toe police-station, separated from it only by a couple of sheltering walls, Arthur Reglacd sat in his narrow cell, and listened to the sounds without, and guessed intuitively what they meant. The time was coming very near now -barely another hour, and he would be committed as a murderer--fo,r naturally of an unsanguine disposition, he had made up his mind as to the issue of the trial, in spite of the efforts he well knew his friends were making on his behalf. It was not a pleasant prospect to lie before any man, least of all before one from whom it dashed definitely away the sweet love dreams in which he had scarcely yet dared to indulge. Only five short days ago he had been so happy, and now Only five days? Had it been five months it would have seemed more real; evey little hour had seemed an eternity, and, measured thus, he might wellbe sceptical as to the time he had spent in that tiny cell. He was changed in appearance, though with characteristic pride he had that morning made as elaborate a toilet as the means at hand would per mit, and striven, though it must, be owned without any great measure of success to look as if the details and result of the trial were matters of entire difference to him. Yet nothing could conceal the haggard look of the sunken dark rimmed eyes.'and the p-.le worn expression of his face-hard-set though it was in rig d haughtiness and immobility-told a tale of suffering. As the sounds from without struck on his ear, liis eyes flashed in their old indignant pride; and draiwing himself up to his full height, he looked, in his scorn and defiance, ready to face an almy of jeering foes. This attitude he still maintained when the policeman came to conduct him to' the court. A side-street led from the police station to the High-street in which the town-hall was situated; and this little street, and, indeed, the whole way to the hall, was thronged with sjec tators On the appearance of the prisoner, a thrill of excitement ran through the crowd, and it was an immense relief when- Arthur at last found himself in the hall, though there as many spec tators as the place would hold had fllowed, or rather preceded him., while a quick searching glance cast at his' judges instinctively told him they be lieved him guiliy beforehand. "The usual details, of he examination began, the policemen gave their deposi 'tions; end Arthur felt that each. word only aided to set the tidy of public opinion inbre strongly against him. At length there was a pause in the proceedings ; some little confusion ap peared to reign as to who was the next witness, at least, only thus could those in the hall account for the noise and bustle plainly audible through the closed doors without, and which seemed every moment to increase. The magistrates grew impatient; they were not accustomed to such. con duct on the part of the officials, ad one of the men guarding the prisoner was despatched to ascertain the cause of this unusual delay. Scarcely had he reached the door, however, than it was thrown widely open, and Mr. C)ulter, the detective, entered, followed by his two men, lead ing between them a carefully guarded prisoner. The chief magistrate, believing this to be another prisoner, who had been thus unceremonously brought for ex. amination before the first one had been concluded, looked angrily at the in truders. \- Remove that man immediately.' he said, sternly. ' I em surprised you should not have known better than to bring him here now.' 'One moment, if, you please, Sir Edward,' said Mr. Coulter, bowing to the speaker. ' This, present case is at an end. You.can hardly try a man for murder when the man he is supposed t have murdered stands' before you in flesh and bloed.' And he made. a 'triumphant ges tore towards the newly-arrived pri sonor. The 3Pinoeof W:ales's eldest son has made his debut'one the tdrf, his horse Paddy hav;ing run second for the 8ubelterns' Cup at a late meeting at Aldershott. 