A TALE OF LINLITHGOW. From the time that King James VI. had left Scotland to 1746, there was always a uumber of servants, male and female, kept iu Linlithgow Palace, under the saperintendance of the Livingstone family, who were the hereditary keepers. About what par ticular time the following sad event took place tradition saith not; indeed the event itself is almost entirely for gotten. Among the domestics was Bob Hen derson. a rollicking young fellow, who was a sort of major-domo, but • who had none of the pride of that class of people. There was also Jenny Glen, who might have been called house keeper. She was loved and respected , by both geutle and simple in the town ; and palace. It was long known that' these two were lovers, and that in a short time they were to be married. One night, after sundown, Jenny set out for the town to see her mother. The road, though ehort, was very lone ly, having to pass the graveyard ; but; Jenny said she never had seen any thing worse than herself. She did Dot believe in ghostB, and ae for bad people, she would giye as good as they . gave if they meddled with her. j That day Bob had killed a two-year- ! old quey, and bad got it salted and put past. He came into the kitchen to wasb himself and heard that Jenny was away to the j town. ' Eh, Bob, did sbe no tell you j she was gaun ?' says Manny Bell. ' Od, I wad gie her a bonny fricht, if I were you.' ' 'Deed, she deserves it,' eaid Bob; 'but I suppose sh« thinks I'm tired. Is it laug since she gaed awa T 4 Oh, yes ; she'll maist be on the road back by this time.' In two or three minutes Bob again appeared—this tioie with the hide about him, and the horns on the top of bis head. The girls screamed with fright, and when tbey came to jtbem eelres declared it was the very thijig to frighten Jenny. 4 Fricht Jenny!5 ays Nanny; 'a.' the folk in Litbgow tvinna tright Jenny. She'll gang through a' the palaes be it dark or Hcbt, where neither lad nor daur gang/ Jenny meantime had been at lier mother's, and bad told her that she wae engaged to be married to Bob Henderson, and the m&ister; had agreed to rent hitn 25 acres of Parkhead Farm, at the term, at a fair rent; agd' employ him at' orra' times about the palace. The mother was much rejoic ed at the news, as Bob was a great favourite of tiers. When about half-way up the Kirk gate, .Jenny saw a strange anitnai ap proaching- like a large bog, and grunt ing like one. She moved close- to the wall, where she knew there were plenty of loose stones lying. Lifting the first one that came to baud, aud wait ing till the beast came close to her, she made a dash at its head. With a groau the creature fell at bier feet, when Jenny, without speaking, walked as fast as she could to the palace. When she entered she was met by winks, nods, and suppressed laughter. At last one of them asked her if she had not seen something curious. Jenny, struck all at once, said, "If any of you have tried to frighten me, speak, for I have killed it.' * Oh, dear! it was Bob Henderson, cried Nanny. ' It's a1 my faut.J But Jenny was off followed by all the girls. When they came to the part of the road where the affray took place, they found Bob's corpse lying enveloped iu the quey's hide. Life was quite extiuct, and a depression in tbe skull showed where the stone had done its dreadful work. Poor Jenny threw herself upon tbe body, but never spoke ; indeed, she never utter ed a word till the funeral, three days afterwards, when she cried, ' I'm gaun to Bob,' and sank down and expired.— " Octogenarian,'' in Scottish American Jouroal. 