CRICKET. BELVIDERE v. SURREY UNITED. - A one day's match was played yesterday upon the Domain ground between the first elevens of the above-named clubs. The Surreys sent a very poor team into the field, while the Belvideres suffered from the absence of Moses and Hunter Smith. The Belvideres won the toss, and decided to go in first upon the matting. They made a lengthened stand against the opposing bowling, and compiled 385 runs before the last wicket fell. The feature of the day's play was the vigorous display of cricket given by McDowall, who scored 106 without giving even the ghost of a chance. He was unfortunate in being caught at the wickets off a miss hit. His batting was clean and hard, the ball being kept well along the ground. He is to be congratulated upon his first appearance in a senior club eleven. C. Richardson played in his usual careful style for 67, and never gave a chance until he was disposed of. W. Richardson's 31 were made in his very best style. Ferris's innings for 33 was a good performance, and he was well set when a verdict of leg before wicket was recorded against him. Halligan's 76, however, was rather a luckily compiled score, though at times he displayed excellent cricket. The Surreys then went to the wickets, and when the stumps were drawn they had lost four wickets for 20 runs. Gosnell and Irwin were the best bowlers on the Surrey United side. Though the Surreys stuck to their work with unflagging energy, their fielding was not first class. Appended are the scores : - BELVIDERE. - First Innings. Fairfax, h.o.w., b. Irwin 11 --- McDowall, c. Laws, b. C. Richardson, c. Beveridge, --- Thompson 106 b. Irwin 67 --- Crane, c. Laws, b. Evers 11 C. Ryrie, b. Irwin 5 --- J. Richardson, not out 1 W. Richardson, l.b.w., b. --- Docker, c. Irwin, b. Evers 3 Thompson 31 --- Sundries 17 Clifford, c. Gosnell, b. Irwin 24 Ferris, l.b.w., b. Irwin 33 --- Total 385 Halligan, st. Laws, b. Gos- nell 76 SURREY UNITED. Richardson, b. Docker 4 --- Evers, not out 2 Crocker, b. Docker 5 --- Sundries 1 Thompson, c. Docker, b. Ferris 3 --- 4 wickets for 18 Lenton, b. Ferris 3 CARLTON v. WARWICK. - The Association Ground was occupied yesterday by the meeting of the first elevens of the abovenamed clubs. Ned Gregory, the veteran curator of the ground, had prepared a wicket like a billiard- table, and when the Warwicks won the toss, and went in first, the Carlton bowlers anticipated some trouble. Con- trary to expectation, however, they offered feeble opposition to the bowling of Wearne and Turner. The former, who has recently returned from Queensland, was in splendid form, and none of the Warwick batsmen could make much headway against his left-handed deliveries. He secured seven wickets at a cost of 48 runs, and never bowled better. When the last wicket fell the Warwick total had only reached 97 runs, of which number H. Hiddil- ston made 16, and Spurway and Seale 15 each. The Carltons made a mammoth total, there being six or seven double-figure scorers. McDonnell played in magnificent style for his score of 133, giving but one chance during his long occupancy of the wickets. His hitting at times was terrific, and the vigour with which he treated Donnan's bowling was "a caution." Everyone will be pleased that this dashing batsman has regained his health sufficiently to display his wonted brilliancy with the bat. Robinson, "a "colt " from the Carthonas, played sound cricket for his score of 56. Turner hit hard and cleanly for his 33. Burton's 28 were well and skilfully put together, while C. Bannerman's 23 wero obtained by good cricket. For the Carlton team, Wales, of junior cricket renown, kept the wicket in splendid style, and is evidently the coming man in that department of the game. With a little more experience he will be the best man we have seen for some time. The Carlton team, even with the absence of A. Bannerman, will be very hard to beat, for among the fresh men in their ranks are Brooks and Tweece, recently arrived from the old country, and Richards, who brings good credentials from South Aus- tralia. Davis was absent from the Warwick side. For the Warwicks Seale obtained four wickcts for 23 runs, Hid- dilston two for 35, and Spurway two for 91. The Coates Club met an eleven of the Hospital for Insane Cricket Club on Saturday last, on the Hospital Oval, Parramatta, the game resulting in a draw. Scores : Hospital for Insane C. C., 207 ; Nagle 74, Veitch 40, Schwartzkoff 28 (not out), Mayo 14. Coates C. C., one out for 19 ; Smith 11 (not out), Byrnes 6 (not out). On the same day Coates B. team easily defeated Holdsworth and Co.'s C. C. by 114 runs. Scores : Coates B. team, 154 ; McCarty 46, Ferguson 21, Byrnes 16, M. Tunks 14, H. Coates 12. Holdsworth and Co. C. C., 40 ; S. Dunn 10. McCarty, 6 wickets for 12, bowled well for the winners, while S. Dunn was most successful for the losers. The Standard Brewery and Warne and Reid's clubs met on Saturday, with the following result : - Warne and Reid, 55 - Bailhache, 26 ; Warren, 17. S. B. C. C., 205 - New- march, 61 ; Cox, 33, not out ; Gunning, 31 ; Sibson, 26 ; Moloney, 18. Griffiths and Baker divided the bowling honours. The Eastern Suburbs and Ivanhoe clubs met on the latter's wicket on Saturday last, the game resulting in a very easy victory for the Suburbs. The Ivanhoes batted first, and were all disposed of for 70, Meyers being top with 36, obtained by good cricket. W. Langley 12 and Boulton 10 were the other double figures. A. Gregory and Wallis did most of the bowling, the former obtaining five wickets for eight runs, taking three wickets in three succes- sive balls, and the latter three wickets for 21. At call of time the Suburbs had lost two wickets for 124 runs. McDowell played another fine innings for 71 not out, and McCrea played well for his 35. A. Gregory contributed 12. The match between the William Wentworth and Balmain Independent clubs, played at Rushcutter Bay, resulted in a draw, the former keeping the wickets most of the after- noon, putting together the respectable score of 179, of which H. Palser made 58, F. Watton 38, T. Harris 22, J. Campbell (not out) 20 by first-class cricket. Carne (6 wickets) was the most successful bowler for the Independ- ents, who had one wicket down for 15 at call of time. The Newtown and Balmain Collingwood clubs met on Saturday last. The former winning the toss decided to bat, and at the call of time had lost but two wickets for 257. S. Smith, who stayed at the wickets the whole afternoon, played a faultless innings for 143 not out. F. Sandbrook, from whom is expected great things this season, showed magnificent cricket for 84, also not out, his driving and cutting, all through, being particularly fine. Although the bowling was completely mastered by these two men, the fielding of their opponents was well worthy of praise. The employees of Messrs. F. Cunninghame and Co. and those of Gibbs, Shallard, and Co. met on Saturday last, on Farmer's ground, and, as both clubs are engaged in the contest for the Printers' Cup, great interest was centred in the match. The result was a one-innings victory for F. C. and Co. Scores : F. C. and Co., 99 - Watkins 34, Pert 18, Fairweather 15 (not out), Langley 11, Ingram 11. Gibbs, Shallard, and Co., first innings 23 (Bennett 16), second innings 67. Watkins and Furness bowled with deadly effect for the winners. On the preceding Saturday F. C. and Co. defeated John Woods and Co. Scores : John Woods and Co., 48 (Baker 18) ; F. C and Co., 54 (Wat- kins 20). Furness secured six wickets for 15 runs for F. C. and Co. 