*»!ebrat!tiild^tliei bf. the Saviour, - jore, d^ugh in tlie ifi^ of firni &r; tlef in the divinity bfClmlt there are not wantmgcasuists who would doubt what is accepted asafjidt bhurches. the recurrehoeof that flhi-fohpaa 3Sve, 1900 ybars igh,;When, ^diep Jierds watched their flocks by night." Betthe tradition be accepted; generally, -or not, it is a simple hnd'a beautiful one, and it has stood the test pf .nearly twenty centuries unshaken. On the continent in ] many {onus, but conveying the same meaning; the birth of the Saviour will be ' celebrated, and, in fact, in every Christian1 community throughout the world, in eveiy. dime, the festival of the churches will be kept, and the good cheer of Christmas; ®»r}. partaken of. In Great Britain i Christmas dates hack ta a long period, foaming &pkaidk;»f gentle Normans drank their fines'; and carved thmr pasties with 4heir daggers, when a knife wasndt forthcoming. i High ■ tf>rohgil"';:. barowidballs ;at5 -ChnstmjS;.tide,Sift lumpers and huge the jcnnts wlnch graced the festive board, theboar's beadoccupy ing a foremost place, She • Common wealth despised the Jevelty and feasting connected *ith the season of Christmas, and thePuritansptit down with la strong, hand what they were pleased to term "the tinkling delight# of Vanity Fair." Dancing: at festive or other seasons was " mere wantoning," feasting " upon the flesh pots of Egypt" was an abomination. Amusements^ of all kinds almost disap peared from " Merrie England, " and plum pudding iand mince pies were consumed in fear and trepidation. With the restora tion of monarchy, however, came a re newal of the English Christmas, and it is to be feared that, in the re-action follow ing upon a season of restraint, too,much liberty and unbridled license were the rule. However, as the years rolled on, Christ mas Day was still celebrated, and is not likely in our time to be Jofgotten. The day of rejoicing at the birth , of the Child Christ is also associated with deeds of charity to the less fortunate in the world's goods. No author gives more vivid pic tures of the English Christmas than the late Charles Dickens. Who can forget his description of the festivities in coun try houses and old-fashioned inns, with the blaze of firelight reflected upon the snow and the hilarity prevailing within the snug parlours, where are gathered relatives, rich and poor, from many a long distance. Or we can follow his foot eteps as he leads us into humbler abodes, where parents and their children are ga thered round the table, upon which is spread what is, to the partakers, a sump tuous banquet, procured by much self denial and often suffering, and eaten, per haps, with that keener relish of hunger unknown to the rich. We hear the "sweet chiming bells" across the snow covered landscape, we see halls decked with the holly and the traditional mistle toe, we behold the callous-hearted Ga briel Grub, who preferred digging graves for poor humanity, at Christmas tide, to any other occupation, being shown the life lessons in the goblin's cave, and brought to a more Christian frame of mind with the assistance of Joblin kicks. In fancy before us are " Tiny Tim" and his brothers sitting round a table laden with good things, provided by charitable bands. The mind again wanders toChristmasat sea, with the muster at morning service and the preparations for enjoyment of the time-honoured roast beef and plum pud ding, and an extra allowance oE grog. The various superstitions, at times pre vailing, in connection with Christmas we have not space now to dilate upon, but the impression that the festive season was i also a holy one, when all evil thoughts ; and evil presences should vanish, has long obtained. Is it not Marcellus who re- j marks to his companions of the night < watch, while observing the ghost of Ham- J let's father ?— " Some s&y; that ever 'gainst that season comes Wherein our Saviour's birth is celebrated, I This bird of dawning singeth all night long, I And then they say no spirit dares stir abroad : The nights are wholesome : then no planets strike 2S'o fairy takes, nor witch hath power to charm, ' So hallow'd and so gracious is the time." ' In our own fair and sunny land Christmas is not forgotten, but still holds a place in our memories. Pleasing thoughts in con nection with the festival are mingled with melancholy reflections. There are vacant chairs, perhaps, in the once united family circle. Azrael has brooded over the hearth, and the fairest flowers have been gathered by the dread reaper. Yet, our sorrows are chastened, if not Bubdued. Relatives and friends are still left to us, and, in charity to the poor and suffering, we can best temper past afflictions. That "greatest of all gifts" should be exercised at this season, as we have no doubt it will. Armidale was never deficient in this respect. Personal enmities are sup posed to cease in the broad spirit of " Peace on earth and good will towards men," else is the Christian doctrine in vain. Family discords should vanish, and domestic unity once more reign su preme. In this festive season let us not forget the teachings of the Great Master whose nativity we commemorate. To our numerous readers we wish "A Merry Christmas," with all the blessings which the season is supposed to confer. 