DISTRICT NEWS. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) Terang. Friday. Cossidebabib interest was taken in a football match which waa contested horb on last Saturday afternoon between two school teams, Mortlako State school v. Terang Stato scliool. The teams played 15 on each side. AV. Nash captained the I locals, and A. Fitzgerald the .visitors. Tho Terang captain' won tho toss; and elected to play down tho hill towards tho south goal. During tllo first quarter the play was principally at tho Terang end, and tho result was 4 goals and. 5 behinds for Terang, and till for Mortlake. Three of tho goals were Becured by Webb, and one by. G. Marks. During tho next quarter W. Wilson obtained ono behind for Mortlake, and tho Terang team secured two additional behinds. Half time having been called an adjournment l was made for refreshments'. During tho remainder of tho game both teams put forth all their strength. Excellent play was shown by Fitzgerald, who was, well seconded by Mackay as goal-keopcr. Clinton, Whitaon and Ruiulell also played well for Mortlake, and Nash, Donelly. Webb, Northeast, Cosgrovo and AVhently for Terang. The result of this half-time was two behinds for Terang, and ono for Mortlake. Final result: —4 goals 0 behinds for Terang, arid 2 behinds for Mortlake. AV. Blencowo gavo general satisfaction as field umpire. The anniversary tea meeting of the Bible Christian Church here was held on Tuesday evening last. There waa a fair attendance at tho tea. The tables were nicely arranged, and loaded with tho good things usually provided. Particular atten tion was bestowed on the bachelors' table,' and it is needless to say it was well patronised. Afterthe tca'apublicmeeting was held, over which Mr. Groy, the elder trustee, presided. The Rev. Mr. Chen hall opened tho meeting with prayer, and afterwards read tho report. From this it appears the balance is ori tho wrong side, and as the church building requires some needful repairs, an appeal was inad« to the congregation tn plaie the trustees in a position to carry theso out. The Revo's. Clemens and Wilson gavo addresses. Mr. Clemens spoke on Christian work, and Mr. AVilson gavo an admirable address on the rise and progress of Christianity. The tinging of tho choir was abovo the average. The anthems were very nicely rendered by Messrs. Chant and Napthine. and Misses Butler and Nottletnn. In pro posing the usual votes of thanks special raferenee waa made to Miss Nettleton as organist. A concert and ball under the auspices of the Terang Excelsior Football Club took place on Wednesday coning. Notwith standing a heavy fall of rain there was a good attendanco, the front seats being well filled, and the back seats fairly occupied. The secretary, Mr. Rose, and the concert committee, are to be congratulated on the excellent programme auhmittod, and the efficient manner in which the several details were carried out. Mr. Duigan, J.P., acted as chairman. The fol lowing _is the programmo :— Over ture, Misses Butler and Smyth; song, "Home of my Childhood," Mr. Gleesnn, (accompanist. Miss. M'Lcan) ; Eong, Miss Beckwith, "Barney O'Hea," (accompanist, Mrs. Frayne);, song, Mr. R, AValker, " The Monk of Old," and for an encore he sang "Vanity" (accompanist, Miss Smyth); Bong, Miss Laing, "Golden Love," (accompanist, Mrs. Frayno) ; reci tation, " Battle of Tel-«l-Kobir," Mailer G. Smyth ; eong, Miaa Butler, " The Summer Shower," and for an encore she give "Piorrot"(accompanist,MissSmyth); song, Mr. Walker, " Trusty as Steel" (ac eompanyist, Miss Smyth); duet, Misses Beckwith and Pilkington, "The Cousins" (accompanist, Mrs. Frayne); song, Mr. M'Phail, who waa encored, and in a short time deservedly gained the approbation of the audience ; song. Miss Storey,." Alice, Where art Thou j"; overture, Mra.Frayn?, "Jessies Dream"; aong, Mr. Gleeaon, "The Little Hero," (accompanist, Miss M'Lesn) ; song. Miss Pilkington,." That's the Song for Me," (accompanist, Mrs. Frsjne); recitation,Mr. Bradshaw, "The Fireman's Wedding"; song. Miss Storey, " Jaasie'H Dream," and for an encore she gave "Kitty"; song, Mr. M'Phail, "The Queen of the Earth" (encored). In the farce ''The Ghost in Ihe Pawn Shop," Meiers. Brady, Parker and Chant, well sustained their parts. The singing of the National Anthem brought the entertain ment to a close. Mr. Alen's handiwork on the proscenium was universally ad mired. The Good. Templars intend holding their anniversary on Monday ovening next. Mr. Shaw is to take the chair. 