Chapter IX. Valentine soon recovered his natural man ner. Perhaps his belief in his mother's good ness was so great that Cbesham's vile insinu ation troubled bim little. Perhaps, like otners, lie naa learni 10 uiue ms leeungs under the cloak of a gay exterior. Anyway, he assisted me to pick up the broken china, and then we took our usual seats. " Why have you come back, Valentine ?" I asked. "To watch you, of course," he replied, for the first time looking at me attentively. " What is the matter with you ? What have you been doing ?" The best thing I could do was to tell him the truth about my gambling exploit He listened very gravely until I had finished. "And that beast has gone off with all that money ot yours. It is disgusting. But why do you do it, Philip?" "Do what?" I said, to gain time. "Gamble. It is utterly beneath you— utterly contemptible for a man like you. I am a fool in lots of things, but I don't play cards." " I shan't play any more," I said, impressed by Valentine's serious words. " 1 should think not What lots of good i fellows I have seen spoilt by it You are not the same yon were: a few weeks ago. Why did you begin it ?" " For the sake of excitement, I suppose." " What do you want with excitement ? Any way a little more of it will kill you. You look wretched. That was why you kept away from us, then. It's precious dull at Bournemouth, but you would have found it a long way cheaper." " How are your people ?" " Both very well, but Claudine is in a horrid temper. She scolds me from morning to night If that young woman doesn't take care our little arrangement will come to an end." Valentine's light words jarred upon me. " I think the way in which you speak of Miss Neville neither well-bred nor respect fttV' I Baid testily. He gave me a quick glance. ".Ob, V* understand each other perfectly and neither expect too much, But 1 promised to bring you back with me to-morrow. So make your arrangements." " I will not come to Bournemouth." "Then," Bairt Valentine, "you will tell me the reason why. Perhaps you want another shy after your money." " I told you 1 did not, and how could I play with that cur again ' Then tell me why. The true reason, Philip." He was speaking very gravely, and waited for my reply. I resolved to fence no more, j would tell him. "If you do not know, Valentine, I est only say, with Heine, that the gods them selves light,in vain against stupidity." " I am not so stupid as you think, Philip, neither are you qui tea god. Butgoon, tell me!" "I have a friend, the dearest in the world, and I love a woman the best in the world. You arc the friend, and Claudine is the woman." I expected a torrent of reproaches, but none came. " I guessed as much," said Valentine, in his ordinary voice, "I tried to get at the truth from Claudine, but it was no good, so J was bound to come to you." " Well, you know it now," I said Bhortly. "Yes, I. know it now. I suppose you are awfully in love with her. That her image is with you always, that you dream by night, and sigh by day ? Is it so ?" I was getting quite angry at these un feeling questions. " Yes, I do," I answered, determined to let him know the depths of my treachery. "It's very funny now," continued Valen tine meditatively, "but I have never felt like that either for Claudine or any other girL There was a girl once at a roadside inn in North Wales. She drew the beer I remem ber. For a couple of days I felt a ghost of.a resemblance to your symptoms, but it soon was laid. It is very strange I never feel as you do towards Claudine, and, stranger still when I come to think of it, that she doesn't feel so towards me. I asked Iier not long age if she did, and her reply quite satisfied me on this score." Claudine was right in her estimate ol Valentiue. He was frivolous and thought less, or he could never have jested so. I quite lost command over my temper, and for the first and last time in my life was furious witb Valentine " Mr. Estmere," I said with great dicmity; " You have forced from me a secret, which, as a man ot honour, I was bound to reveal tc you at whatever cost to myself. I can only say your manner in receiving it has greatly disappointed me." I had risen to give my words due effect Valentine heard me finish, then followed my example. t • " You old fool," he said playfully laying his hand affectionately on .my shoulder. " You thick-headed old fool. Can't you see against whose ntter stupidity the gods are struggling now ?" What could he mean ? My heart gave a great bound. "Claudine and I decided six months ago, long before she ever saw your handsome, dark, dismal face, that on the first favourable opportunity we would break our life-long engagement That was why I never spoke to you about her. We are only waiting until we can summon up the courage to tell my mother of our determination. Her heart is so set upon it; she has always so wished for it that we don't know what she will say. Indeed, Claudine and I love her so much that even now if she will have it so we shall get married, and I daresay be happy enough, so don't yon go rushing to the extreme of hope and joy." I am not sure, but I think I fell upon Valentine's neck. I could have worshipped him, but in my heart I despised him. How could any man speak so carelessly of trans ferring such a being as Claudine to another. But I was in love, and Valentine was not. " You see, Philip, what it has cost you not telling me the whole truth. In money alone £3,400, for of course you gambled on that account: let this be a warning to you." What did I care for money now ? Who was happier than I was? "Does she care for me do you think. Valentine ?" I asked. "You must settle all that yourself,Thilip. I shall have enough to do with my mother. Besides I am a gentleman, although you didn't think so a short time ago, and will betray no confidences." But we settled 1 should not go hack with him to Bournemouth. 1 must come under no false pretences ; Lady Estmere must know exactly how matters stood. Valentine pro mised to do his utmost to bring her to his way of thinking, and then "You will telegraph?" I said anxiously. "I will telegraph at once. Now let U9 have a pipe and a sensible chat, and then you go to bed like a reformed character." So we talked till he insisted upon going, saying it was wearisome to find that, how ever the subject started, it was bound to work round to Claudine Neville. He said no more about the unpleasant events of the evening until he rose to leave me. Then glancing at the shattered panel of my cabinet, a stern hard look crossed his face. "I wish I had hit hard enough to kill that dog," he said, in such a harsh voice 1 scarcely knew it I could make no reply. lie tamed to me and clasped my hand. "Philip, 1 think you will marry Claudine. Before then you will hear more about us. Promise me through good and evil report you will not only love but believe in my mother." Through good and evil report ? The very phrase 1 had heard Claudine make nse of. I returned the pressure of his hand. "Through good and evil report I swear it,*' I said. Then we parted lor the night I had too much to think about to go to sleep easily, too much joy to picture, too many castles to build, and every one of these airy structures tenanted by Claudine and myself. Valentine's refusal to give me any opinion as to the state of her feelings towards me raised my hopes, and I augured well from his account of what he chose to call her bad temper. The happiness I felt ut the turn affairs had taken made me think nothing of, or almost forget, my catastrophe at whist. Somehow, I did not trouble much about the money lost The fact of Mr. Grace having paid it so readily showed me my fathei could afford it I was ashamed, and willing to pay any penalty he might demand, but ii would be a long time before I should see him, and meantime here was Claudine to be won. All minor considerations sank before this, and I longed for the moment when 1 might meet, and with a clear conscience look into her true, sweet eyes and read what fate hod in store for me. Valentine left early next morning. With true selfishness, I begged him not to delay his departure, lie left me laughing, and pro mising again to Bend me word directly he had smoothed matters. L was restless whilBt he was with me, and even more so wheu he had left I scarcely expected the telegram that day, bo time must be killed somehow. Then I remembered my pledge to Mr. Grace that lioid Both well should kuow all my lolly. 1 would have given something to he aide to recall the premise, bit thst being an impos sibility, I thought I iv.i-l be'.'er pet the; unpleasant ta-.k over as *■>•» as possible, so about mid-day I went in search A the dir.in puished traveller. lie was still at Loop's Hotel, and appeared inclined to stay there. It was too mueh bother, he said, to take either a house or chambers, so he chartered a long lied room on the top oi the hotel, cleared out ail the furni ture it originally possessed, and sat down to ; write the book oi travels which his publishers | were eagerly awaiting. This improvised study ; was enly free to one or two persons, amongst; whom were Valentine and myself. I climbed the stairs, rapped at the door, 1 and heard his lordship's deep voice bidding j me enter. Ue was hard at work, and both in j garb and surroundings looked as unlike a i British peer as can be imagined. The furni- ] rare of the r->;m consisted of a o. aple of j chairs—good, s'r-ng, w<toien - seated, anlj comfortable—a re.uple c-f boxes of cigars, a \ large tobacco j*r, several pipes, and two deal I tables, so gigantic tint it is a marvel bow : they were got ap-uir-c One of these stool; in a corner, the other in the centre of the • room. Both, w.th the exception or a small space in the centre oi the one he wrote at, ; were Jittered with maps, charts, books, . papers, and sketches. An open memoran-, dam b>>k and a pile of ruled paper fay in | iront of him, the tioor at his left side was > strewn with pages of mcncscript which, as I finished, ne dropped there to aw.it sorting j and fastening together. The noble author's ; attire was unconventional, to say the least. A pair of trousers, a tLnuel shirt, and a ' delightfully comforiab.'e-l«y>fcing old yelve- • teen shooting coat, absolutely oat at elbows, ; formed, with socks an-1 slippers, the whole ; of his raiment, as far as eye could see. A j short pipe was the only ornamental thing ' about iiirn- Me nodded as I entered. ■ " Ci:u> k these Wok-- off the chair, rinl-p. i and sit down, f am in the middle o: a sen-: tei.te." I obeyed, and watched bis pen forming the j big, bold, characteristic letters, and. trying to : calculate the con- crription of ink and paper* such penmanship must entail. At least it' had the merit of being D-gtbie, cn t knowing, it was inten led for publication i had no j scruple in reading as be wrote. ; " l"here was r.o help for it. Finding: neither scolding mar persu sson woe: i induce ■ my gcid :• to risk his life in the ia-t running; stream, I bad; him ho'.-l the rri JueneJ. ma!-: i and divested my<eif of my garments. Till then 1 had no idea that water ooidbesol cold. I shiver n-w as I think of it. I ; •lacked, dived, and grvpeil with varying eu;- ■ cess in the bri of tue stream, and when com pelled from numbness and exhaustion to; cease, 1 found I had recovered most of the ; heavier articles which had fa-lea from the { careiessiy-faster.ed pack, bat, aiss, that • eolace during weary days, that companion j during lonely night-, my tobacco, ait hough j packed in what I believed was a waia-tigbt' can, was a soddene 1 mass.'' i Yes, it was devilish redd, I can tell yon.~ he said, seeing I bad read his words. "The' pack slipped a» we crossed the ford, or the i cord broKe or something, and I had the; pleasure of seeing all my little comforts of' life tumble one by one into the river. Ail my . luxuries were lost utterly." j " Voa seem to dispense with luxuries even j now,'' I said, iooking round at the bare'iy-1 tarnished room. I " I've go: ail I want Xo cne can be more I luxurious than that 'i"here's true pfcilosopby j for you, my sybarite of Aibemarle-street" ' "* Are you too busy to spare ms a tew I minutes?" I askeL | " Xo; I was just thinking of finishing up : and attiring nnseii more as.. civilised being J should. Say on, ob, Philip 1 what is your errand, business o; pleasure ?" " Business, or rather 1 have an unpleasant confession to make to you." " Are yon speaking in earnest, Philip?" " Unfortunately I am," I said dolefully. " Then tell me what you have to tell ouite unrestrained y, not as to a man old enough to be your father, but as to a friead oi your own age Do you want money?" " I did yesterday; not now." "Why not have come to me? I have more than 1 can spend. Teli me all about it." I told him all about it very shortly and cir cumstantially. I mentioned no names at first. Lord Roth well looked very grave, and stroked his long brown beard thought fully. " it was not right, Philip. I am vexed to hear about it llow did you know yon could possibly find money to pay the" loss? A gentleman should nut forget this even in the excitement of the game." i hung my bep.l " I must have shot my self, I suppose." " Of course you must I don't see what else you could have done It is that alterna tive I was thinking of. I would have paid the money had you come to trie, but you were finite right in applying to Grace for it first' 1 am glad you told me about it" ilr. Grace made me promise to do so." "Oh. Grace made you promise, did he? Why was that?" " The money was lost to a Captain Ches ham. lie said yon knew alt about him." " Cheshara!" exclaimed Roihwell. " Have you come in contact with that rascal? It is a small world, Philip." "Doyou know anything about him?" I asked. " Yes, I know something about Richard Chesh&m;, and I want to know something more about him—something I fear I shall nevtr find out," he added. "Shun that man, Philip, as you would a serpent He has done mischief enough already.' " He speaks as though he hates you, Lord Rothweil." " He has no cause to do so. His only grievance against me is that I was second to a friend of mine who shot him through the hip years ago." i'hings were explaining themselves, and I was growing curious. " Will you tell me your friend's name?" I asked. Hothwell pulled away at his beard, and considered for a while " Yes," he said, " there's no secret about it. Anyone about town can tell you. It was Sir Laurence Kstmere." I " Valentine's father ?' " Valentine's lather, and my dearest friend." "Jfe insulted Valentine in my rooms last night when he came to be paid, and Valen tine knocked him down." " What did the villain say ?" asked llotb well eagerly. " Shall I be right in telling yon, Lord lloth well V' Tasked doubtfully. :S " Yes, everything, -every word," he said authoritatively. " There are no secrets be tween Valentine and me." I took him at his word, and described the whole interview, even repeating the aeon daloits assertion made by Cbesliam. Itotb wel! grew much excited. He rose and paced the room, vegardless of his manuscripts , ♦*JIe«dd it himself," 1 heard him mutter. f Vet I will hewSrhelieve it—never, xiever. It rnuii be a iie -She was pure, ani! holy. She ooaM not have sto.-r-ei :o such a ' fellow even if she hid loved l::m. Ob. if I. eonJd wring tae truth est oi his i-iaek; heart" " And Valentine knocked him down yea say," he inquire.?, turning to me. i " Flat as a pancake—a beautu'uf hit His • head almost went through my si iebcarL" ' I am sorry for some thing?, ahhtcch II i am vjii; >-•» --- jji"--. don't blame Yalentme. I wonder he o.d jot ( kili him. You would in his place. Philip? " I think I should, "* I answered. "So wgcM Laorer.ee Estmere—Valentine's father, lie trie: hard to kill hitn th:t <iir when they stood a few paces apart on that bit of preen sward in Belgium. Kven now I think if he meets him again be will kill "But Lady Estrcere?" 1 sail *' Lady Est mere. sir. is as pure as the day," said llothwell. with unusual excitement "1 swear it—I knew her and tore! her evert before Laurence ar.i she met. and I am not ashamed to teil even yon that I love her now. Lady Esttnere 5t<x»p to such a car as Chcs ham 1 The thing is impossible. Yea know her; go and see her, look at her, talk to her. learn to lore her. study ber character, and say whether, it all the world averred the truth of the hideous ems lab you e.-s 11 bring yoarself to credit it" "J cottli never beliere it," I sal!, trenh iuily. Loni Both well strode about rbe room for) a short time, evidently a prey to great' emotion. Then be seated intnself and looked at use very earnestly. Somehow. Lord ilothre l's clear na.ce ai^ays gave me the impression that no false man costal stand : before it 1 -*s only speaking truth, so bad j no need w shun it "Xo," he said, "of course you do cot | believe it You love her. or vi i love her | soon. It is as well that 1 ehc-sld tell you all j I know oi ffce lamentable atT-ir. Laurence! and his wife were iuprr to ah outward ap- j peamnces as any two pe pie could be. certain traits in tL-::r charuet-rrs clashed, their love appeared to counterla! .nee this. Oce day Laurence ctroe to me like a inui- j man. His wire bad been uuMubtui to bio.' lie said. I laughed the ilea to siorx for 1; had Lved her before he tab I tnts thee a ; poor man, with no fcepe c: sue Medina to this I title, so I never ever, told ber I lovei bar. < But I laughed at Laurence s rario ~s. ahhcuzh j I trembled, not itr her truth. La: :n the fear \ that my friend's peculiarly e oMtiiutei mini j was unhinxei—yet be was sane as I was—j and * her. at list I coudescxf.-i to argue with : bint and was met and defeated by his | assertion or hiving bal ocular rod indis-j potable proof of iter treachery to him. what j could Idoiut" ut believe him for a time ? Cer- j tain trivial circumstances canurtned his i wards to a great extent. lie never s^w Lis : wife again —perha ps she never asked for an in- j terview. for Lady Esanere was ss proud as her ; husband. A month or two afterwards be) took me abroad with him, to meet Richard Cheaham. I give that devil his due. be faced j the penalty bravely enough. lie denied notbimr. but offered satisfaction with heart- j less cynicism. He has limped "ever since,j but that is a poor exchange for the rain j oi two ihnes. Xow you know ail that I j know.". ' Yet how could Lacy Estmere'- tame get ] coupled with Cheshire's f I Richard Cbesfcam," said Rothvefl, with » some reluctance, *' was a sort of cousin of j Lady E-treere's. At one time, I believe, they} were engaged to be married. She never cocii i have seen his true side, or, what she saw, \ broke the engagement. That was before she met Laurence Estmere. Laurence knew this. | and, perhaps, as some son of compensation j for CnesharaS disappointment, was kind to } the man, helped him with his interest, ant ? frequently invited him to his house. He was \ staying there when the explosion occaired. It is very inexplicable," I said, "ye; you ] are convinced of her innocence." "Convinced, yes; I weak! stake my life on it, or should I be her friend now1 watered j when Laurence Estmere asserted so positively ! the contrary; but I saw her again. I teli | you, Philip, had it a11 been true, had she ever j deceived my best friend, had she ever stooped j to that cur Chesham—repudiated ss she was | by ber husband—even then I would have j taken that woman to my arms, and if cot honoured her, could have loved her as no woman yet was loved. Perhaps such a j thought crossed my mind—I was young then, '\ and she was alone—but, if so, one glance j from those pure eyes of hers would have j driven the thought away, never to return, j But ii 1 felt this, you, at least, may believe in her innocence against everybody. You most forget my ravings," he added. " Years of j travel have sobered me, and the past is past Lady Estmere and I are simply dear old j friends, and as such we shall end our lives. When will you see her again, Philip?" " 1 hope to go to Bournemouth to-morrow,' I answered, coloaringaa I thought of die real object of my visit " That's right; remember me to her. I may run down for a day or two. Don't get making love to Qaudine Neville, for Lady Estmere has appropriated ber loug ago for Valentine"* " Valentine has all the luck," I said, stoop ing to pick up my bat and hide mv blushes. " Not all, said llothwell with meaning. " Good-bye, then, if you are going now. Don't gamble again, there's a good boy." 