SPORTING. VICTORIAN SPORTING NEWS. fBy Telegraph 1 [From our Special Reporter.! Melbourne. October 28. aue betting market was not active to-day, only a few wagers of importance being re corded ; 1,000 to 70 was accepted about Hexham for the Melbourne. Cap, and Little John receded to 10 to 1, while Isonomy also receded to the same figure. The closing prices are: — Derby— 2 to 1 on Trident offered, 5 to 1 against Maddelina, and 10 to 1 Volcano. Cup— 100 to 20 against Trident, 100 to 11 Ben Bolt, 100 to 10 Little John and Isonomy, 100 to 7 Hexham and Meteor, 100 to 6 Malua and Trenton, 100 to 6 Silvennine, Sheet Anchor, and Arsenal, 100 to 4 Lord William and Crossfire, 100 to 3 Bravo, Commotion, and Bohemian, 100 to 2 Salvo, Metal, Grace Darling, and others. Arsenal has arrived from Sydney, where he is reported to, have done a great gallop, and ne will have many supporters for the Cap amongst the Sydneyites. Ben Bolt will come to a shorter price for the Cap, and stands a great show of winning, while Mad delina is hardening for the Derby, and she is much fancied by a large section of the public The special train with Adelaideana arrived at a quarter past 2 o'clock instead of half past 10,_being detained through an axle-box to the break-Van catching fire in the desert, and the Yankee engine refusing to work this side of Dimboola. The sleeping-car passengers complain of defective ventilation, and say it is not suitable for a not climate, and will require alteration. - Whatever beats Perhaps should win the Maribyrnong Plate, and Maddelina will run Trident very close for the Derby, if she does not absolutely beat the field. The following are the tips of the Melbourne papers : — From 'Augur,' in the Auttralasiin : — Melbourne Stakes— Sheet Anchor, 1 ; Isonomy, 2; Bravo, 3. Hotham Handicap— First Prince, 1 ; Brown-and-Rose, 2 ; The Pencil, 3. Mwi byrnong Plate— Mistletoe, 1; Hortense, 2; Lava or Aberdeen, 3. V.R.C. Derby— Tri- dent, 1; Maddelina, 2; Firat Consul, or Aglaos, 3. Melbourne Cup— SUVermine, 1; Isonomy, 2 ; Sheet Anchor or Ben Bolt, 3, 'Asmodeus,' in the Leader, tips: — itel- bourne Stakes— Isonomy, 1 ; Silvermine, 2 ; Sheet Anchor, 3: Hotham Handicap— First Prince or Ringmaster, with Brown-and-Rose and Claptrap the most dangerous of the others. Maribyrnong Plate — Lava, 1; Misletoe, 2; Perhaps or Miranda, 3. V.B.O. Derby Trident, 1; Volcano, 2; Maddelina^ 3. Selling Race— The Ghosts 1; Stafford, 2; Mr. Oxenham's Best, 3. Coburg Stakes— St. John, 1 ; Goldlake, 2 ; Newmarket; 3. Hurdle Race— Blue Mountain or Sir Launoelot, 1 ; The Agent, 2; Ocean, 3. Melbourne Cap— Little John, 1; with Silvermine, Ben Bolt, and Trident to fight it oat for places, « « Vigilant' in the Sportsman says :— V.R.C. Derby— Trident, 1 ; Maddelina 2 ; with White bait as the best outrider. Maribrynong Plate—Perhaps, 1 ; Lava, 2. Melbourne Cap — Trident or Hexham 1, the best outsider being Affluence. Melbourne Stakes— Isonomy. Hotham Handicap— Hexham. Coburg Stakes (very open)— The Agent or St. John. Melbourne, October 29. No work of any consequence was done on the Flemington tracks this morning, all the teams taking gentle exercise. Trident ^went better thanie did yesterday with Volcano, and had a five-furlong spin. Maddelina was refractory, refusing to start for a mild gallop until clods of earth were thrown at her. Sheet Anchor, Game, and Britisher cantered, all looking well. Isonomy is a doubtful starter for the Mel bourne Stakes. A rumor is current that he may change bands. Commotion is scratched for the Melbourne Stakes, and is being saved for the Cup; probably Trenton is also being reeerved. Industry and Sheet Anchor wilPbe hard to beat in the opening event. Affluence got cast in his box and hurt hU off hind le£,^ and is now under veterinary treatment. Lvty' Loyell was also injured in the same way, thus losing her Plate chance. - The Maribyrnong favorites are. Hortense, Perhaps, Mistlet3e, Oceana, Huntingtoror, Aberdeen, and Lava. I think Adelaide has a big show with Horfense and Perhaps, Hortenae is the grandest two-year-old at Flemiogton. 'The weather is taking up fine, and looks promising for the meeting. Lord Ganington arrived yesterday and visited Flemington. He was surprised and pleased with all the arrangements. Trenton did a splendid gallop this morning on the tan, doing the last round in 1 min. 50 sec., and pulling up strong and well. Hexham, Trident, and Maddelina also went well; Isonomy galloped, and did the round in 1 min. 68 sec The following are the horses for which final payments were made this morning : — Derby. — Trident, Maddelina, Chesham, Kingfisb, Kiora, First Consul, Volcano, Acme, Aglaos, Telephone (by mistake). Maribyrnong Plate. — Hortense, Lady Lo veil, Bedouin, Matawura, Essex, Escutcheon, Albert Loddon,Glent worth, Jebusite, Loyalist, Aberdeen, Huntingtower, Niagara, Perhaps, Mistletoe, Fancy Free, Eckeraley, Esperance, Lava, Oceana, Miranda. 