The Land of the Golden Fleece. fBY GEORGE AUGUSTUS 6ALA.1 AUSTRALASIAN HOTELS. More than thirty years must have passed by since the mind of Charles Dickens was considerably exercised on the subject of tbe botels of Great Britain and tbe Continent of Europe. A1 bert Smith had just published a pamphlet called, if I re member aright, 'The Great Hotel Nui sance,' in wbich brochure , and with vivacious vehemence, he had exposed and denounced what he held to be the evils and shortcomings of tbe old Eng lish hotel system. There can be little doubt that Albert Smith's pamphlet, con currently with the development in Paris, in the early days of the Second Empire, of the Grand Hotel idea, which began with the Louvre and culminated iu the Continental, was directly the means of drawing the attention of English capita lists ti hotel-keeping on a large scale as a profitable investment, But tbe radical change in the English hotel system failed wholly to satisfy Charles Dickens. The illustrious author of 'Pickwick' was sojourning in Paris -over a coach builder's in the Champs ElysCes — at the time when Albert Smith published his pamphlet on the Great Hotel Nuisance ; and at the same period I was living in the Quartier Latin. Dickens sent to me and asked me to take up what be con sidered as less a nuisance to be arbitrarily denounced than a problem to be temper ately discussed ; and in ' Household Words' I wrote a series of articles uuder the general title of ' The Great Hotel Question.' And now I have completed an extensive and, I venture to hope, an impartial survey of the hotels of Austra lasia ; and may ask travelled Austra lasians themselves, in all friendless and all candour, whether they do not con sider nine-tenths of the botels in their sunny clime to be abominably bad, and a reproach and disgrace to the civilisation of which, in a liuudred other instances, they have so much reason to be proud. The few — the very few — even tolerably good hotels existing in Australia proper are, naturally enough, to be found in tbe capitals of tbe respective colonies. It would be bard indeed, in particular, if in such cities as Sydney and Melbourne, each with its population of between two and three hundred thousand, the stranger could not light upon some hostelry or another where he could be made decently comfortable. There is a limited number of such establishments in Sydney. Still I fear that it is undeniable that the me tropolis ot New South Wales is, in the matter of hotel accommodation, laments ably behind the capital of Victoria. In Sydney I stopped at an hotel patronised by wealthy squatters, merchants, and bank managers — practically the only aristocracy to be found in the colonies, and of tbe three classes named the bank managers are tbe lordliest —and by newly arrived strangers with more money than experience. To this hotel, which I dis dain to name, I betook myself, for my sins, on first landing at Sydney, early in March, '85. For board and lodging, wbich in a fourth-rate provincial town in England 'would have been dear at five and-twenty shillings a week, I was mulcted at the rate of between three and four pounds a day. At the time I was Alone — as I am now, for good and all. I indulged, to bo sure, in tne luxury of a frivate sitting- room, for the use of which was extravagantly surcharged. In the matter of doors and windows which de clined to close properly, chairs and tables with ' game ' legs, cats and cockroaches, this apartment, with the adjacebt bed room, to reach which you had to step out of window and walk some distance along a balcony, left nothing to be desired. From every other point of view every thing was a' desideratum. For the mos quitoes with which after sundown the house absolutely swarmed the proprietor was obviously not responsible; and I freely admit that tbe lively companions in questioii were not charged for. I for bore to grumble either at the cookery or the shelter ; for I had been' timeously warned by a friend that . if you did grumble the proprietor was apt to tell you, more or less politely, that you might take up your quarters .somewhere else. I was content when - I handed to a civil but weak-kneed waiter the amount of a bill quite phenomenal in its inflation ?to- fell. ? him: that the establishment would have . no more of my money and that I' was well out of it— I mean the establishment. I visited : Sydney on many'subsequent occasions,; and was so fortunate as to find a fair amount of com fort' aridl.titfr6rilititiilifelk1ndness and atten tion-at-auother, kept by a ivwy worthy '.(S'erriian;? whb is also a butcher in a large ^wayr of ? business, -named Uhde. Our sittapgrroom -was m. -prodigious dimen sions, and, luxuriously \4decorateu — ' a gilt and splendid parlpm,'' Colonel Raw don Crawley would bavfe called it— and ithad avverandah iulrotit large euough to'accommoda'te a' church .choir. There ?were three or, four -pjore fitting-rooms on the same floor; and,-,to attend to the needs' of the guests, all of whom break fasted, Junched, dine^ tobk tea, and supped in: tbeir- roojns, thjsre was one solitary waiter a Swiss, who, I was accuB tomec\ to calculate, -did more work in the course of twenty-four , hours than the average Australian working man does in a week. And the A. Vf. M. grumbles over his work, and not unfrequently ' scamps' it. Louis, the Swiss waiter at. the Grand, did not murmur over his ga$ley-slave's toil, and did not ' scamp ' it. me tooc. was abuudaut^almost too abundant — and fairly well cooked. Tbe bedrooms were so many bandboxes. If there had been more system in the ni'inagciuenl, aud a great many moro servants, the hotel would really have been au excellent one. The tariff was very moderate. Ten guiueas a week cleared our board aud lodging. Bever ages, other than water, were of course extras. I should have paid for the same accommodation at a first-rate Amerioan hotel ten dollars a day — say fourteen i pounds a week ; but 1'should have lived I in luxury. There are other tolerably - good hotels iu Sydney, the charge for 1 ! board and lodging for a bachelor varying i between nine and twelve shillings a day, Some thousands of pounds haVe recentli been Bpeut in cnlnrgiug and beautifyigi the Royal, in George-street ; anewhottf forming part of a new theatre in Pij street, is in course of construction ; a« some months ago the columns of th newspapers were deluged, with the at vertisemeuts of a limited company whic proposed to erect a new and vast hotel i the Circular Quay, tbe great wharf t the head of Sydney Cove, where the co lossal galleons of the P. and O. and tb Orient lines and . tbe steamers of the Au- tralaslah Steairi Navigation Compani have their berths, and whence innumej able ferry-boats and steam-launches pit At present the hotels of Sydney, sidering the size, the age — it is a hundrei years old — and the' vast wealth of ttj city, are simply miserable, There is , vast number ot boarding-houses, cheap enough, but scarcely ou a par with tbe ' hash-bouses' of the American cities and eating-houses abound, where coarse and ill-cooked food is dispensed at modt rate prices. Melbourne is better off in the wayi hotels than tbe Metropolis of the Motb; Colony, although, with the exception i Menzies', you will not find in the capiu of Victoria a single hotel that would the test of comparison with such hotelsi you fiud, as a matter of course, in Ameri® cities — of Chicago and 'Frisco I will a nothing — like Denver or Omaha, Sacj mento or Monterey. Melbourne is vm far ahead of the chief towns of the otic colonies in hotel economy. Scott's, u Oriental, the Union Club, the Yaa Yarra, the Albion, are all well spokeno and there is in Bourke- streetatleaston gigantic coffee palace where the weag of the blue ribbon may boar^ and lodj cheaply, without being exposed toil perilous temptations of ' whisl straight,' or of colonial beer, which lit named beverage is said to rival int stimulating qualities the . celebrali boarding-house wine cited in Balzit ' pere uonot ' — tne wine tnat u strong enough to make goats dance, bave usually found really good hotel equally with good wines, good cigat and good clothes, to be expensive articls Menzies' is, par excellence, a famil hotel, and the resort of the wealtli classes who from all parts of tbe coloni annually flock to Melbourne towitij the famous race for tbe Cup. I wasi New Zealand when, early in Novemfo tbe remarkable equine tournament! the Flemington racecourse was decide and can consequently only mention iti cidentally. At several hotels I visil iu different parts I found that where I arrangements for domestic comfort l been originally good they had long eii been spoiled by the carelessness of I servants. Where by chance we foi a really capable waiter, he habitui complained of being overworked, ant! being unable to obtain any assists: downstairs. The servant-girls who t descended to officiate as chambermi were— those at Melbourne and Ballt always excepted — civil enough, but li dawdling, and dense. The best n Irish girls, educated in the Roman Cat lie convent orphanages which abound the colonies. The worst were recent portations from England, but whol been just long enough in Australii have learned to talk about their ' rigl and to tell us that they were not ' sis aud beasts of burden.' They had h well schooled in the catechism of con tutional liberty by their newly-foi sisters, the Australian servant-gi There is something to be said in extei tion of the laughable but exasperating capacity of these last-named you nglaoi In the first place, they utterly loll the idea of domestic service altogetli Just as the Australian working mani fers that his son should be a clerk ran than a mechanic, his wife thinks tl her daughters should go out as ect teachers, telegraphic operators, pn letter sorters— anything, in fact, 1 servants. The girls themseves to been splendidly educated— I use I term 'splendidly' advisedly — 'fi gratis, and for nothing,' in I public schools. Much of wnat they In learned may bave gone in at one eari come out at the other, but 'they have tained, at least, the ability to strm few airs on the piano, to write legiblj, spell correctly, and to speak grauii cally. It is with the eitfemest rn that you hear in Australia the kinf language which the comic papers at hi usually ascribe to Sarah Ann or Mi Jane. Of novel reading they are pass ately fond. In the bush the servant^ very soon becomes an expert horsowoi- one uas ner siae-saaaie, her ricting-ni and— if you please— her Amazonian i tinuations, ' chamois leather with bl relt.' She is franctically fond of d« ing. Iu the remotest bush towui there are evening ' socials,' at wti young men and women of the wort class meet to dance. . The girls astonishingly precocious, but theyi not physioally strong ; and the lug intelligent manageress of oneofthel good hotels wbich we found, tfee-G« Northern, at Newcastle, apologised the remissness of her female servant: the plea that they went out tosonii evening ' socials,' and danced so cS and so vigorously, that they were si lutely too-tired to sweep, scrup, andf properly. This may have been isolated case ; stftl, over .-and over sj have I been struck by the tar lethargic, listless, weary - rway 8 of native damsels at Australian hot Another ^ less mischevious i more diverting characteristic tbese damsels is their almost vmcible reluctance to address a ladj ' madam' or ' ma'am.' They will tivelj read her name if it be inscribe! her trunks ; or piok it up in some wb another ; and tnen they, will say ' ' Mrs. Smith,' or ' Did 'you ring, 3 Brown ?'*-=Mrs. Brown has poss rung five times before the- bell was swered — but 11 madam' or 'mn'i seems to stick in their throats. It i finally be noted that the Australian vant-girl, if she be fouhiii fault v hastens to ' Buit herself,' by abrui leaving her employment ; that spends most of her wages in finery ; I sne is almost always overdressed ; i that she would sooner be torn asui by horses than( wear a cap. 1 wages arehigh. She may get ten ore fifteen shillings a week and her bo« but neither washing nor beer-monet allowed her ; and, on the whole, I do whether she is better off than a well-# ducted female servant In a well-o ducted English household is. The A tralians are muoh addicted to talk about the ' thousands of overwori underpaid, half-starved lodging-ho slaveys in London.' They are wbi unaware of the fact , that no well-* ducted English girl need be a ' elav at all, in a lodging house or anywl else. A girl with a -good character instantly obtain a situation where would be fifty times more comforb than she could be in the family eves an Antipodean millionaire, nnd wl her wages, although nominally smal would have, 'all round,' a larger 1 chasing power than they would havf Australasia. In Tasmania we were so fortunate to find two comfortable hotels — one Hobart, where there was an elde waiter so courteous, so affable, and wit so stately, that he might have been bD1 to Lord Chesterfield, footman to I Charles Grandison; and body-servat' Beau Brummel ; the other atLaunoesf In New Zealand we found the hotels1 perlor on the whole to those in Australia, At Auckland Mr. and Mrs. Craig keep a ^capital 'house,' wbiolv they are enlarging to- palatial dimensions. Of the quality of the hotels at Wellington I ara obvi ously unable to say anything, i for tbe reason that, although I visited tbe capital three times, I never was able- to obtain any hotel accommodation there ; but at Christchurch we put up, over and over again, at an admirable bouse, ICoker's, wbich has the be9t cuisine to be found — away from the clubs — in all New Zea land. Structurally, the Grand Hotel, Dunedin, is the very finest, not only in Maoriland, but in all the Australian colo nies. It is splendidly and tastefully fur nished throughout ; the private rooms are numerous and luxurious, and Ihe public dining-room is a most grandiose apartment. The establishment is con ducted strictly on Transatlantic lines, one of tbe Messrs. Watson having spent a whole year in the States, journeying from city to city, between San Francisco and New York, for the purpose of study ing in :i'u the American hotel system. Electric bells, hairdresser's saloon, tele graphs, baths, csmliers de service — nearly everything that the traveller can possibly require he finds ready to his hand at this excep' ionally commanding and commo dious caravanserai, which cost forty thou sand pounds. And hitherto the Grand Hotel, Dunedin, has proved the reverse of a payi-ig concern. How devoutly must the proprietors wish that some be neficent magician might arise to spirit the magnificent butunremunerative edi fice away bodily, and drop it down in thfe middle of George-street, Sydney ! So far I have spoken only of hotels which were in some respect or another good. Had I space I might glance at others, which were just fairly tolerable, at Kyneton, Castlemaine, Maryborough, Ipswich, Rockhampton, Gympie, Tam worth, Singleton, Toowoomba, Warwick, Stanthorpe, Tenterfield, Glen-Innes, In verell, Armidale, West Maitland, Bar thurst, Dubbo, Mudgee, Orange, Yass, Goulburn, Albiiry, Glenelg, Mount Bar ker, and Gawler. But what are these against tbe host of wretched hovels, the rfoketty shanties, the crazy weatherboard cabins miscalled hotels, in which I have been constrained, since April, 1885, to hide mv miserable head, rarely paying less than two pounds a day for food and 1 shelter, which would have been dear at five shillings. I have had to sleep aDd to work in, comparatively speaking, a bird cage/a rabbit butch, a hyasna's -len, a( hencoop, a dog- kennel, and a pigstye. As regards food, mutton, which might have been good- albeit generally destitute of fat— had it been fairly roasted or boiled, but which had been thrust bv an infernal Chinaman Into a horrid arrangement known as a 'colonial oven,' aud there nearly scorched to a cinder ; beefsteaks, scarcely ever broiled, but fried, apparently n in kerosene and soot ; scarcely any !- vegetables beyond plain and badly i boiled potatoes. ? The soil of these wonderful lands would grow every imagi nable kind of green meat, but tbe colonies do not care much about market ? gardening out of South Australia and Tasmania. The craft of Father Adam j 'does not pav.' Its pursuit is disdain ?r fully left to 'the Chinaman, aud when John Chinaman fails to arrive in the t morning, with bis two baskets slung to a pole across his shoulder, there will be no vegetables at the hotel where you are residing. So is it with fish. The sea swarms with this wholesome and delicious food—with hake, bream, groper, torpedo, sohnapper, rock cod, naniguy, fiddler, and king AbIi, to say nothing of oysters and -crayfish; but away from the-^reat towns— which you may count ontbe fin gers of one hand-there isvery seldomany, fish to be had even in a township on the railway, within a few miles of a seaport. Fish markets are few and far between. There are people who fish for profit ; but fisher folk, as a class, are nonexistent in Australia. The calling does not pay. Bod the unhappy travellers at the hovels miscalled hotels are fain to fall back on scorched mutton and sootil.v fried beef, with the eternal boiled potato. Sometimes the meat is cut into dioe and put into a deep dish with a crust of flour, water, and grease over it. It is shoved into the inevitable colonial oven and called a pie. Sometimes an attenu ated fowl or a very tough duck makes its appearance. Dairy-fed pork is not often ? seen ; but there are amazing quantities procurable of badly cured ham aud worse cured bacon. The last is nauseous enough to have come from America, where, notwithstanding all the wondrous ?pig-slaughtering and pork-curing stock yards of Cincinnati and Chicago, the art of curing breakfast bacon is not yet understood. There are American hams which when boiled in champagne are palatable ; but, as a rule, both ham and bacon in America, as in Australia, are very nasty — hard, intolerably salt, a great deal too lean, and clumsily smoked. The Australian sausages, which are cer tainly home-made, are a nrae more mui gestible than the American ones, simply because the Australians are too careless to put a sufficiency of bread crnmbs into their sausages, or to season them pro Serly. As I have elsewhere pointed out, ley are immoderately fond of what they think to be faithful reproductions of English sausages, polonies, saveloys, and black puddings. It would be unjust, however, to dismiss tbe subject of hotels 'up country' in Australasia without mentioning tbat, although you are oc casionally regaled with condensed milk— the landlady of one establishment where we were treated to that deli cacy kept fifteen cows, but she did not care about milking them -ifcnd altfiougli the butter is more ilrequently oleomargarine than real better, the coffee is generally very good, because it is usually made from prepared eBsetice of coffee imported from home. The'aUgar is'almost invariably the coarser kind of white moist. Loaf sugar is rarely pla&td; on the table. Amazing quantities of Worcestershire sanceare consumed. If vou want dry toast they bring you up sundry slabs, hot and reddish-brown in hue, and nearly as hard as tiles. They are hard because there are no open ranges it which the bread could be properly toasted. It has been shoved into the colonial oven, and baked into indi iioj-Hnesn Etrers are. as a rule. plentiful ; and on eggs, poached, fried, or boiled, together with biscuits and jam, I ? mainly supported existence when travelling In the bush. Stay ; there was always soup— a soup with a good, strong, fortifying stock. Plenty of meat— O, plenty of meat in it ! The Australians pour Worcestershire sauoe into this soup to make it stronger, a gastronomic cus tom which I have often noticed as ob tainingroD board sbip. The Australian .soup, for those who like a thick and slab ?mess of meaty pottage, is really not unpalatable ; only tbe beast of a China man persists in putting scraps of offal — bits of bullock's ' internal arrangements' ? Into his soup, and so renders it horridIy*distasteful to thoBe who abhor , offal. Such a thing as a clear soup, or a puree, must not. be expected out of the great cities. The tea is more frequently bad than Rood, The bad, fromthestalks occasionally .found in the decoction, is popularly know as ' posts and rails ' tea. There is always plenty of jam on the bush hotel table. Anthony Trollope accused the Australians of making their jam from pumpkins. I see no reason why. they should not do so if the jam be nice: and I found the Australian jam very appetising Indeed, although a trifle too sweet. Pastry, worthy of the name, you must jiotlook for in the buph ; but you ^riil pccasionaily , get something which passes current -for a cuBtard pud ding or a blanc-mange. These haveoeen made from '-preparations in powder im ported from home. The bread through out Australia is splendid, and were there any good cheese to eat with it life at au Australian hotel would be a little less burdensome than it actually is. I have beard of places, both in Vic'»oria and New South Wales, which are famous for cheeBemaking; but I never was lucky enough to obtain any caseous substance better than a bad imitation of our North Wiltshire, Iu concluding this notice of the Australasian bush hotels, so far as re gards their cookery, let me observe tbat wines and spirits are charged for, at. simply extravagant and extortionate' rates. Fifteen shillings is the ordinary price of a bottle of very inferior cham pagne, aud proportionate overcharges are made for all imported liquors. ? The ' colonial beer most Englishmen would think both dear and bad ; but some of the Australian wines are magnificent, aud all, although normally too strong, too young, aud slightly earthy to the taste, are cheap. But the Australian up-town hotel-keepers are reluctant to let their guests drink the native vintages. Tbey prefer to sell them imported brands ; and, when they do deign to place Austra liau wines on their list, thes? wines are charged double or treble what they would fetch at a retail store. It does not pay the bush hotel-keepers to sell Austra lian wine. . ? . . . . ? ? ? Ghosts. — An attempt is being made in tbe old country to revive tbe belief in visitant from another world, and many are the wonder ful stories that fill some of the journals, Tbe sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley'sghoBt : ' How do I know that yon are not a bit of undigested bread f' for, of all the ghoBt producers, a bitof ' heavy' bread is tbe most potent. It is a won der, therefore, that people do not adopt tbe sorest spell against ghosts by using Berwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread ; for, although it won't ' raise ghosts,' it i fill raise bread in the most admiiable fashion. Every wiBe storekeeper has it by him, and very good house wise buys it. VALUABLE DlBOOVEB? FOB THH HAIB. — I jour hair is turning gray or white, or falling off, nse ' Tbe Mexican Hair Eenewer,' for it will positively rei tore in every ease Oreg or White hair to its original colnur, without leav ing the disagreeable smell of most 41 Beetorera.' It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting tbe growth of tbe bair on bald spots, where the glands are not decayed. A sk your Chemist for 1 The MiXican Haib UEWKB,' Hold by Chemuis and Parfum'rs everywhere »»t 3s. 6d. per Bottle, Wholesale depot 83, Farrine'io i Boad. London. MAT GOOD DlGBSTION WAIT ON APPETITE, says Shakespeare^ but 'good digestion' wil never wait upon bad bread, and it is therefore of the greatest importancethBtin making bread one should use only those leavening agents wbich have acquired a high reputation through long use in households throughout tbe world Foremost amongst these must be rackoued ' Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder,' which bad stood the test in every climate of the world Get it, nse it, and add your testimony to that of the millions who praise iti 