PICTURESQUE VICTORIA. By "THE VAGABOND." ON THE LAKES. In his second expedition in January, 1840, Angus M'Millan, accompanied by Messrs. M'Alister and Cameron and two blackfellows, came along his old track to the Tambo River six months before he had seen the plains and the lakes from the far off ranges. On the 16th of January he records in his journal, "Travelled down and crossed the river. Course E.S.E. Beautiful open forest country. Reached the banks of a lake, and, being the first European who had ever tasted its waters I named it Lake Victoria." This must have been at a point north of Tambo Bluff, on the eastern shores of what is now known as Lake King. The explorer did not pursue his course southwards, but must have retraced his coarse across the Tambo, for the next day he writes, "Made and named the Nichol- son River; followed it up to the ranges and crossed. Calculated I was now about 20 miles from the beach by Flinders' chart. Came to and named the Mitchell River. De lightful country." M'Millan then followed the north bank of the Mitchell, above the pre sent site of Bairnsdale, and near Prospect Creek, looking over what are now the fertile Lindenow flats, he saw "A magnificent view of mountains to the N. W., and lake to the S.E. It was truly 'the land of the Mountain and the Flood,' so I called it Cale donia Australis. The finest country ever discovered in these colonies. Oh! how I should like to see my starving countrymen at home turning up this sod. Having crossed the Mitchell, the party by a S. S. W. course "came to the banks of another lake the present Lake Wellington, but which, strange to say, M'Millan neglected to name, although the next day I find he records "Left the lake and changed the course to N. W. up a large and deep river which I named the Avon." Angus M'Millan was never in Shakspeare's country, yet he appreciated the Warwickshire bard, and in places there is a similarity between the two streams. It was some months after this that Count Strzelecki, crossing the river northwards of Stratford, named it the Dunlop, but the Avon it has always re mained. In March, 1841, Mr. W. A. Brodribb and party, following M'Millan's tracks from Port Albert, crossed the Latrobe to the banks of the Avon. I find that there is another sur vivor of this party still living - Mr Arthur Ranken, of Lockyersleigh, county of Argyle, N.S.W., uncle of my friend "Capri cornus." Mr Brodribb says -"We rode down the river for some miles over rich chocolate-covered ground, and along broad marshes covered with reeds, occasionally finding traces of the blacks, until we ob rerved a large sheet of water extending right and left as far as the eye could reach. Salt or fresh ? was the question. We galloped to the brink, got off our horses, and, pannican in hand, rushed forward to taste the water, whick to our surprise and delight we found to be fresh-at least drinkable by man and beast-and that evening we made tea of it. Thousands of black swans and ducks were on the surface, and they almost darkened the air when they rose at our approach. In the distance towards the southeast, we could observe a low sandbank, showing where this water was separated from the sea, and we at once named it ' Lake Wellington,' in honour of the 'lron Duke.' Lake Wel lington it has remained, the largest body of fresh water in the Australian colonies, having an area of 34,500 acres, or 120 square miles. In my Western tour I placed it on record that Colac was the largest fresh water Victorian lake, being then under the impression that Lake Wellington was salt. It is not the purest of water, and with certain winds the tide is backed up through M'Lellan's Straits, and the water of Wel- ington is then decidedly brackish. I taste it sparingly, and find, as Mr. Brodribb says, that it is good enough to make tea with. Au reste, I feel compelled to adulterate it with the contents of my flask, furnished by an eminent firm in Sale. As an old traveller I know that bad water kills more people than good whisky, and at my time of life I cannot afford to be rash in these matters. I have heard a great deal of the Gipps Land Lakes, of the delights of camping out on their banks, and the good sport to be had with rod and gun. Others have told me of the miseries of mosquitoes and sandflies, and have complained that the scenery is generally tame; others say that there is nothing to re commend Lake Wellington except its size. From a practical point of view, these Gipps Land lakes, with the rivers running into them, have been of the greatest use in open- ing up the country. Bairnsdale would not be the prosperous place it now is but for the 60 miles of waterway connecting it at Sale with Melbourne. Bruthen, and the stations on the Tambo, and beyond Buchan, and to wards the Snowy River and the Maneroo, have been greatly aided by the river and lake marriage. When the railway is completed to Bairnsdale, people will ungratefully forget what the Lakes Navigation Company has done for them in facilitating commerce. But even in the future the Lakes must ever be great waterways; and as regards the picturesque,i I find the Lakes beautiful enough. Certainly they cannot compare with the English lakes of Cumberland and Westmoreland, with Windermere and Derwentwater, with Grass- mere, Ullawater, and Wastwater. There are no associations of poets and poetry here, as at Rydal Mount and Elleray. These are not equal to the Scotch or Welsh lakes, or to those in Switzerland and New Zealand. The traveller would certainly be more impressed with Loch Katrine, or Talylynn, or Lucerne, or Manapouri. For myself, I consider that the Otago lakes are superior to anything in the world. There is more beauty, too, around the lakes in the Western district of Victoria. But let cavillers say what they will, the Gipps Land Lakes have a special charm of their own. In the English lake district, what would the waters be without the mountains, Helvellyn, Bowfell, Blencathara, Fairfield, and Coneston? The Snowdon Lakes would be tame without the surrounding Eryro range, or Talylynn without Cader Idris .Loch Katrine draws its great beauty from the heather covered slopes of the mountains which shade it. Lucerne would be of little account without the snow crowned Alps. Manapouri is fixed in my mind by the Cathe dral Peaks. So here, from the Gipps Land Lakes, one sees afar off the range of the Aus trailan Alps dominating the plains north- ward, bringing in to the landscape a beauty and a joy for ever. In winter, when the mists roll from their summits, these snow capped ranges cut the sky line clear and distinct. On this summer day they are indefinite in soft blue haze. There is no beginning nor ending to their shadows. Their lone grandeur, the "majesty of desolation"' is toned down by the distance. The sharp peaks on which no human foot has trod lose themselves in a fairy cloudland. Tier upon tier of hill and mountain connect the earth with the heaven above. I recognise a few prominent landmarks-my old friend the Baw Baw, and Mounts Welling- ton and Useful, and Castle-hill. Nearer to the lake are the rolling wooded ranges of the foot hills. The shores are covered with gum, peppermint, and ti tree scrub, forming a strong contrast to the emerald green bordering of high rushes. Here and there white patches of sand. From the east the sea breeze fans the cheek and expands the lungs. I have ciews of mountain and water, and breathe health-giving air. All that there is of belief in the bounteous goodness of our mother Nature is now evolved. Carlyle says:- "A man lives by believing something, not by debat ing and arguing about many things. A sad case for him, when all he can manage to believe is something he can button in his pocket, something he can eat and digest. Lower than that he will not get." Past the fourth decade most men arrive at the " after dinner"' decade of existence. A good meal and a sound bottle of wine are certainly articles of faith, but I hope I can believe in something more. In church matters I rather agree with John Ruskin, when he says:- "There is a true church wherever one hand meets another helpfully, and that is the only holy or mother church which ever was, or ever shall be. " In the matter of prayer and in the conduct of life the true Buddhist follows out the theory - " He prayeth best best who lovest best All things both great and small." I hope I love all humanity bar none and in Ruskins sense am a church member and I love all animated nature bar snakes. Here, on the Gipps Land Lakes then I am happy, one is in the home of the waterfowl. Only in my trip down the Murray have I seen anything approaching the abundance of animal and feathered life that one does here. This is what Mr. Garnet Walch says of Lake Wellington - "The black swan seems here to find its chief habitat and the eye grows tired of counting the hundreds and thousands of these graceful birds to be seen on all sides throughout the length and breadth of the Lakes. Carnival days those for the aboriginals still remaining hereabouts when the laying season sets in and the shallow back waters are studded with the rush-woven nests of the swans. The eggs, each large enough when broken to cover an ordinary dinner plate to the depth of a quarter of an inch are eigerly collected by the blacks, and furnish them with more than an aldermanic feast. Many of the settlers also gather the eggs, and affirm that they are good eating, a single egg furnishing an ample meal for the civilised stomach. Large numbers of the birds them selves are slaughtered for the sake of the down on their breasts. But not only do black swans and ducks and teal abound, but the Lakes are also the home of numerous other birds. The bell bird with its metallic note the Iyre-bird towards the mountain ranges, the black cockatoo, cranes water hens plover, Wonga pigeons, and every variety of parrot fill the wooded banks; high overhead great hawks sail on their privateering cruises, and huge pelicans watch the waters for their prey. The rare but ungainly musk duck which can neither swim nor fly like other waterfowl, paddles clumsily away from the passing steamer but hardly out of gunshot, for he seems to know that his flesh is not esteemed by man; whilst solemn shags seated on every waterside coign of vantage, hold a feathered parlia ment with occasional adjournments to a sub- aqueous refreshment-room. Now and then the steamer scares a mob of Kangaroo, and sends them hopping further inland or a heavy sudden splash suggests the fabled bunyip." The "bunyip" has been seen in the Gipps Land Lakes. There is no doubt that the traditions of the existence of such a monster arose from the presence of stray seals pioneering in the lakes and rivers of the coast. Much magnified, the rumour of a water monster would be carried inland. Nearly 20 y ears ago the Rev. Mr. Hagenauer killed on the shores of the Lakes a specimen of the "great spotted seal" nearly 9ft. long. The blackfellows who were with him ran away trembling with fear, protesting that it was the bunyip, but the reverend missionary of the Unitas Fratrum has a strong arm as well as a stout heart. With one blow of a waddy he knocked out the brains of the 'bunjip' whose skin now adorns Ramah-yuck, and I have no doubt that this act of prowess greatly increased the respect with which the aboriginals all view Mr. Hagenauer. I have not yet seen a "bunjip,' but I view a very interesting episode in the habits of native birds. One now sees here not only thousands of black swans, but thousands of young cignets, from the stage when they are little balls of down perched on then parents' backs to the period when they are long of limb, "gawky' and awkward. In the open lakes they are safe from all danger. Safe from alarm from the paddles or propellers of the steamers, safe from the attacks of the cruel eaglehawks, which soar overhead, eager for a chance to swoop down and carry off the living materials for a meal. It is one of the prettiest sights in the world to see the swans roundup their young ones, and cover them with their spreading wings as a protection against the murderous eaglehawks. But I see something even prettier than this. We are in M'Lellans Straits which, with its shores of rushes and thick scrub, reminds me very much of the lower part of the Rewa River in Fiji. We disturb many broods of swans here. The parents generally fly away in affright and the cignets paddle to the bank and the protection of the rushes. One very young brood is nearly swamped by the Dargo. We watch the comical little balls of fluff struggling through our wash, when we see a deep shadow moving on the water. " A' hawk," says Captain Peter. "-----him, he'll get one " I, too, feel like swearing, and I long for a Greener's choke-bore. The cygnets are paddling as fast as they can to the shelter of the reeds, but they will be too late. The eaglehawk makes its swoop, but, hurrah! it is stopped. A brace of spur-winged plover dash at the bird of prey, and spoil its straight dart. The plucky plover then follow the eaglehawk and battle it with their wings, and cover the retreat of the cygnets, till at last the marauder has to fly away discom- fited. There is a lesson here which I take to heart, and I vow never to draw bead on a plover again, or eat its eggs. Lake Wellington, 12 miles long and 10 wide, is a magnificent sheet of water, but Lake Victoria, 22 miles m length by three to four in width, is the favourite of the sports- man and tourist. On the north side there are a number of backwaters, and bays, and' lagoons, where the waterfowl breed, and one cannot find a better place for sailing, shoot- ing, fishing, or camping out. There is little settlement here as yet. In M'Lellan's Straits there is a township surveyed at Seacombe, but it is on low, swampy land, apt to be flooded. There are a few selections, the occupiers half farmers, half fishermen. At the lower end of this lake one often sees a regular mosquito fleet of fishing boats which in the mornings await the steamers on their track to Sale, and a rapid and smart transfer of baskets for the Melbourne market takea place. Here, too, there is a sprinkling of pleasant homesteads and orchards. In days to come the lovely sites for country residences which one sees on every hand may be occupied with smart villas. Paynesville is the junc- tion of the water traffic. Northwards one goes to Bairnsdale by the Mitchell River. Crossing Lake King you steam up the Tambo to Bruthen, eastwards to the Lakes Entrance via Shaving Point and Bancroft Bay, passing Rosherville, named after the holiday resort renowned throughout Cockneydom as "the place to spend a happy day. " The English Rosherville was so called after the proprietor of the estate, Mr. Rosheri, whose son I knew as a barrister on the Oxford circuit. In Gipps Land Rosherville one can spend a happy month. Lake King is always quoted as being the most picturesque of all the Gipps Land waters, but for yachting the long stretch of water on Lake Victoria pleases me most. Also the silt from the Mitchell, the Nicholson, and the Tambo is forming many mud banks, and although there are well de fined channels, buoyed and piled in all the shallow place in the lakes, I like with a fair wind to make a straight course. The central position of Paynesville makes it well adapted as a camping place for tourists. Perhaps I shall like the Lakes Entrance better when I get there but suffi- ilent for the day is the good thereof, and in one thing Paynesville will ever remain dear to me. Started as a fishing village, it has now sprung into a watering place. Payneville possesses two good hotels (one of which, kept by Host Cox, late of New Zealand, is specially recommended to me), with accommodation for tourists. It has a post-office, a school,a church, and mechanics' institute, as well as a good wharf. Boat building is carried on here. There is a population of about 130, and the number of nice cottages show that the fishermen are prosperous. Indeed, from all I learn the Gipps Land Lakes fishermen are a class to be envied. They grumble at curtailments ot their "rights and privileges," but there are few who are not well to do. The men of Paynesville stick together, they know what they want, and cast a solid vote at elections irrespective of other issues but their own immediate interests in the waters of the lakes. At the present moment their fish baskets are carried to the Melbourne market at a remarkably cheap rate, but certainly, it is a great hardship that refrigerating cars are not provided at Sale, and the proceeds of their toil on the waters always delivered fresh at the metropolis. Paynesville is a good starting place for yachting trips. To enjoy the Gipps Land Lakes aright one must sail around them. The trip of the Lakes Navigation Company's steamers is certainly a pleasure one. You get fresh air, good meals, amuse yourself with playing quoits as if at sea, listen to the praises which the Scandinavian captains lavish on their respective boats, of which they are as proud as if they were crack steamers of the Orient or P. and O. , the hoisting of the sails being made an event as important as the order " 'Bout ship" in the largest barque, whilst the engineer, of course, glorifies the ma chinery, but the acme of enjoyment can only be attained in a fishing boat or a yacht. Paynesville is only some nine miles from Bairnsdale by road. It is easy enough to drive from the metropolis of East Gipps Land to the fishing village, and taking boat have a good day's sail on the Lakes. In fact, Bairns dale claims both Paynesville, Rosherville, and the Lakes Entrance as its dependencies, very much as Queenstown, on Lake Wakitipu, views Glenorchy and Kinloch as places just to visit for a day. Bairnsdale people would like me to visit the Entrances on a cheap Sun day excursion in the Ethel Jackson, a proceed ing quite in accord with the principles of the Australian Church. But I am not to be seduced from my programme of spending some time around Cunninghame. A special invitation, however, takes me to Paynesville from Bairnsdale for a yachtmg trip on the Lakes. The drive for five miles along the banks of the Mitchell is a charming one. Then we arrive at Eagle Point, the highest land south of Bairnsdale. This is a public reserve, sacred to picnics, and is as lovely and picturesque a place as there is in the colonies. There are shady dells, eligible camping places, which suggest a fire, a billy, and a fryingpan. Or one can lie down under a spreading tree at the Point, and, fanned by the cool sea breeze, have a view made up of lake and forest and hill and dale, as pleasing a thing as you will find in Victoria. Across the narrow levee of the Mitchell Jones Bay is at your feet, behind is Eagle Point Bay. White waters are running on Lake King. The Tambo Bluff stands out prominently on the eastern shore. Southwards one sees the line of hummocks which divide the " Back Lakes" from the Ninety Mile Beach. Far to the north the eternal hills melt away in the distance. I am not going back on my experience of Mount Taylor, but Eagle Point is easier of access to the general tourist, who can ride or walk hither from Bairnsdale or Paynesville. None should neglect doing so. Besides the view there is a trace of history here. The ruins of the first brick house erected in Gipps Land can be seen. This is on the bluff imme- diately above the Mitchell River, under which you steam to Bairnsdale. It was a coign of vantage selected by Mr. Tyers, the first commissioner in Gipps Land, who established his residence here. The foundations of the dwelling can yet be seen and English fruit trees are in the mass of scrub. There is a sheer descent to the river below, and it is for all the world like a spot I know on the Appomattox River in Virginia, part of the estate of Randolph of Roanoke. But there the soldiers of the South and the North are buried side by side on the bluff, the posses sion of which was so hotly contested. Here there are no sad memories - no ghosts need walk, save perchance the perturbed spirits of a few ' dispersed ' blackfellows. Our party to-day consists of Mr. A. T. Hill the Cymry bach anwyl Dr. Morgan, Mr. W. B. Thomson, solicitor, and Mr Jones, the postmaster. The two latter gentlemen are the regular captain and crew of the yacht Thetis, the crack boat on the Lakes. Mr. Thomson is as courteous as his namesake who was one of my ciceroni on the Peak Downs and he is as good a yachtsman as Mr. "Jack" Want, of Sydney. I little thought to find a lawyer in a country town in Victoria who had rare experiences on the Devon coast, has seen the storm rack gathering up over Lundy Island, has sailed from Ilfra- combe to the mouth of the Lynn, casting anchor in Coombe Martin Bay, and who has tacked round Bidetord Harbour, and knows Clovelley and all the beauty spots celebrated by Charles Kingsley. I recognise a true sailor when I see him at the tiller. No man "of Bideford in Devon" was ever a truer shellback than Lawyer Thomson, of Bairnsdale. Mr. Jones is an able second, and altogether it is just as merry a party as one would meet with in Australia. As we swing off from Paynesville wharf the ques- tion comes shall we sail round Raymond Island, on the other side of M'Millan's Straits, a scrubby, rather low, and particularly snaky location, shortly to be cut up by the Govern ment and sold as residential sites ? Or shall we go to the Back Lakes or tack to Ridgeway, and get the view from thence? Very glad am I that the skipper steers to the latter place. But there is a good deal of tacking and many long "boards." We round Bluff Head and beat round Deadman's Point into Duck Bay, where there is a regular surf on a bar at the narrow entrance to two inland sheets of water known as Picnic Bay and Lady Bay. Above us there are wooded bluffs, the scalloped outlines of the shores are beautiful in form, the rippling waters reflect dancing shadows - it is the Middle Harbour of Sydney in miniature or a branch of Pittwater, or one of the backwaters of the Hawkesbury. On one side of Picnic Bay is the house of Mr. Digney. On the other, the landing place and boat house of Ridgway. A steam launch and a pair of "water shoes " show the aquatic taste of the owner, Mr Charles James. The James family is one of note around here, and some of the brothers were also pioneers in Fiji. We climb the hill, partake of hospi- tality, and then walk through the fertile garden and orchard to the point where the timber has been cut to allow of a vista. A space has also been cleared through the opposite peninsula. Truly a magnificent prospect. Before one stretches Lake Vic- toria - a white sail here and there, the Dargo steaming in from Sale. Opposite are the inland shores of the Back Lakes, a series of salt water lagoons stretching from Lake Denison below Mr. Clements's Prospect Station, where I tarried the other day, to the entrances at Cunninghame. Beyond these sand hum mocks and the Ninety Mile Beach. There is an entrance to the Back Lakes round Sperm Whale Head, which faces Dead Man's Point. On the other side of this is Rotumah Island. There is an isle of the same name in the Western Pacific, but I vainly try to discover the reason of the similarity in nomenclature. There is Boole Boole, and Cingiana, and Binnegarra, and Haunted Point at the en- trance to Purves Bay, but there are no signs of life on the south eastern shores. Some slight resemblance in the situation of this Ridgeway to the owners family home, Ridg-j way, on Southampton Waters, and as I look memories of happy days in Hampshire come back to me. Of "above and below Bar, " where, on fine afternoons, the block was evolved, and the prettiest girls in Great Britain were to be seen. All the prettier these Saxon lasses in the eyes of Anglo Indians returned from shaking the pagoda tree, or to the vision of adven- turers on the Spanish Main, or at the Cape. For, years ago nearly every other day a steamer would land returned travellers from distant climes at the Canute Docks. And theI old boys always went to the Dolphin, where they could see the girls in High-street, instead of to the pretentious railway hotel, or quieter Radley's, where poor Artemus Ward died, comforted to the last by the kind offices of Mr. Hingston, brother to our own "J.H." I always loved Southampton Waters, and I am very much inclined to also love this place. We take another passenger on our return trip. Beating out of the narrow entrance to Duck Bay is almost as exciting as going through the passage in a coral reef. There is a fine breeze, the waves are running high and dash over our little craft, which obeys the helm as a racehorse does the bridle- touch. I feel exalted with the ozone and the salt spray. I am but a poor journalist now, but there is the blood of Norse rovers in my veins, and how the blood goes tingling and pulsing through my body as the Thetis bounds along. Another drenching wave! Hurrah! My friends notice that I am quite a different man to what I was in the morn ing or when climbing Mount Taylor. Our passenger, too - my friend George's cousin- is a descendant of the Vikings, and is just as full of pluck and cares as little for the salt water as any one of us. I feel that I should like to sail right away to the South Seas. All too soon, as it seems, we make Newlands Backwater - a narrow estuary nearly four miles long, running back from Paynesville. Mrs. Wilson receives us most hospit- ably at Beaulieu, where we leave our pas- senger. Considerations not unconnected with wet clothing prevent our tarrying here as long as I could wish, but I would any day stand the maximum possible amount of wetting to have such another enjoyable sail on the Lakes. 