walktn on with the gun in my hand, when the peelers came along and arrested me for bein' a Whiteboy. I declare to you I was nothin' of the sort; but the result waa I was tried, found guilty, and sentenced to fourteen years' penal Horvitudfl in Botany Bay. My poor little Nora ! She was all I had to grieve for me, for my parents were dead and I had neither brother nor sisser ; but she, pojr girl, nearly broko her heart. She came to bid me good bye and made mo promise that when ray time was up I'd go straight back 1o her; and sho aaid she'd try and cotno to AutT.ralia, but I told her never to think of coining to such a aava«e place. I thought then that fourteou years was a lifetime and that I'd never live through them; but they pasicd some way, and I would havo gone back to Ireland, bit1; tho gold tempted me to stay. I told Nora I'd ro for her and our daughter—my child whoio face I had never aecn, and, God help mo ! never may see—when I had made a pile and could main tain them liko ladies. I never got an answer to that letter, and I thought Nora was vexed and unreasonable and wanted mo to go back to Ireland a poor roan. I waited a long time for her answer, and I was ho bu*y besides that it was nearly a year btfore I wroto airaln, and still I got no answer. Then the luck turned against me and I lost money; turned aarain, and I made hundreds. Thiuuc'u all the years of penal servitude whon I laboured hard for nothing, and was indifferently fed and clothed, I thought unceasingly of my wife and child and the humble happy borne that would bo ours when I had regained my freedom; but when wealth came to me—when I could drink champagne and wear a suit of broadcloth— their images faded partly from my mind. I still wauted them, but 1 wanted riches moro; that was the truth. I wat too ambitious: but at length my avarice was satisfied, and I sot ■ail for Ireland. I intended to buy an estate, and live in grandeur. I got to the village where I had left my Nora, and found few that could recognise me. Few, did I say? There wasn'c a solitary soul that knew me. I was a smooth-faced lad of fiveaud-twfnty when I had left them, and I returned a bronzed and bearded man of forty-five, and old-looking for that age, too. I mide inquiries for ray wife and child and discovered that my Nora had been de»d for the l*»t seven year*. She had died just before my time was up, and a few months after her burial my daughter had gone with auother girl— * friend of hers—to America. The newt drove me wild; I went to Nora's grave, and cried and moaned over it all night, and th m 1 foil ill with a fever. I wat ill for Nome months, but at loon as I pcsilbly could I set to work to trace my daughter. I went to America, and after two jean' Marching I found tbe girl that my daughter had left Ireland with; but she know nothing of my girl except that the had got a situation as governess in a family in New York; for it teems my poor Nora had contrived to have our child well educated. Mra. PatertOD, my daughter's frirnd, could not even tell me tne name of the family with whom my child had been, but from her description I at length found them, or atlcaat people whom I supposed to be tho aamo; for in thu same year they had a young Irish girl at governess, but she biwi left them after two yearn and they thought she had gone to Australia. So, aecing it was a hopeless taik seeking hnr in America, I returned to the colonies, and hero I a-n to this day, travelling, always travelling, looking for my child. What uae is my money to me? I never had a home since my boybood, xo I may well say I with I had never seen Australia or its gold." The old man paused, and a tear gathered in hit eye. " Yourt has been a sad life, O'Connor," said Hasting", "and I pity you; but do not lose all hope. Yon may find jour daughter yet." " They told mo the was liko her mother," taid O (Jonnor, " but she it older now than her mother was when we parted. If ray daughter it still living tbe is forty-four >f ars of age. Perbapn the it married and has children." O'Connor's story threw a gloom over the prrty, and for some time they sat in silence and had recourse to the soothing w<>ed. " Come, Meldron," said O'Connor at last, "you must relate something now. Hastings and I have done our part." "Like Hastings, I must study the pictures on the wall for an idea," said Meldron laughing. •• Thry are varied euongb," aaid O'Connor. II See 1 hero is one that ought to suggest aoran thing pleasant." He pointed as he sp^kc to a large coloured picture entitled "Gathering Wattle for Cbri&tman.;" It represented a young lady in a louse muslin robe aud large shady straw hat holding a wattle bough, from which two bright-faced little girla wero pickirg sprays. Meldron looked at it " Yes," ho said, " that reminds me of my Victorian home; I've often teen my little giatera and their governess—by t.h« way, a namesake of jcurn," glancing at O'C.mnor, who asked eagerly : " What wan her name?' "Patience O'Connor," answered Meldron; and OCjnnoi's faco aa-ldcned a^ain as ho naid : "My girl's name- is Nora, but do you know where jour Miss O'Connor is now?'' "I don'c kuow," answered Mrldron: "sbo bad a lot of trouble over a fellow she was engaged to—a good fellow, too, and a groat friend of mine, though he was a great deal older than I." "How was it the had trouble?" aaked O'Connor. 1 "Oil, don't tell us if it's sorrowful," said Hasting?, " we're all in the blues as it is." " But I am Hpsciolly interested in my name* sake, «aid O'Connor, "and unless you object very much, Hastings, I'd like to hear moro of her." <tr™ no objection." said Hastings. "Fire aw&y.Mr.; Meldron." "It' 1? fifteen years now since she 6rst came to us, said Meldron, " nnd Hho was such a bright merry little thing that wo all likfd her ; of course she used uot to teach me, for I was a big fellow then, nearly 14 years old, and as we only lived five miles from Maytown I used to ride in there every morning to school. There was a station near ours owned by a man named L»ncetield, a regular old screw; his own children had hard times, and his stepson, G-eorcro M'Laan, or rs wo usod to call him S*ndy, on account of his yellow hair, had still harder times. Mrs. Lanceneld was a timid gentle little woman, and it was simply for hor sake that Sandy stayed at his step father s, for he often aaicl he'd do better if he cleared out. Miss O'Connor and Sandy became great friends, and after a time lovers. I well remember my mother telling Miss O'Connor not to have anything to say to Sandy M'Lean because he was poor, and I came in nnd took his part so war ml v that Miss O'Connor kissed me and eaid I "was a true friend. Some timo after, Sandy got a lot of c»Ulo to take to Queensland, and when he had delivered them he took up a small run on tho Moonic. Ho usp.d to write regu larly to Miss O'Connor, and she always showed me his lettets. He worked hard, poor chap, and was^ getting on pretty well until tho big flood of '64 came and swept tuvtxy every hoof he had on the run—it was shoep he had —and not only did he lose them, but the. season's clip also, for he had the wool stored waiting for drays to take it away. He re ceived some injuries trying to save some horses, and ho wrote to release Miss O'Connor from her engagement. He told her that he was utterly ruined, for the run would not bring sufficient to pay his debts, and that ho w.is not fit to do anything except to sliepherd— that all he had to call his own was a dog. Miss O'Connor was not one to sit down and cry; she had some money saved, and she wroto to Sandy that she wouldn't give him no. and that they could get on very well. Whether Sandy got tho letter or not I don't know, but anyway he never answered it. Miss O'Connor remained with us until my sister's education was completed. Sho took Sandy's silence greatly to heart and lost all her bright merry ways. She said sho was sure he was dead, for if he were living he'd write to her. I know she refused some good offers. Sho told mother she'd remain true to Sandy's memory." " Had the no relatives ?'' asked O'Connor. " Not in the colony. She was an only child and an orphan." "Talk of Merry Christmas," said Hastings; we are far from bring merry with these grue some storier. I think I'll order some punch. Hark! I hear buggy wheeli—jome belated traveller." At this moment the landlord entered with an armful of wood to replenish the fire. "1 hear a bu?gy," said he; "I expect it's Mr. Clifton." . " Clifton !" echoed Meldron. "Where has ho bren ?" "Right down to Rockuampton to fetch a governess up. Ho was to have been here a week ago, but I suppose something detained him," answered the landlord, and then he harried out to meet the travellers. " A governess !" said Hastings. " Clifton's is within a day* rido of Alica Downs, isn't it. Mr. Meldron?" " About fifteen milei. Why ?" " Oh, nothing; only they'll see you pretty often now." Meldron was about to answer when O'Connor stared up, exclaiming, " Good Ood ! I hear my Nora's voice!' •■ Hush!" said Hastings. •• Sit down, man ; they'll think yon mad." "It sounded to me like—why it is—Miss O'Connor!" exclaimed Meldron excitedly as tho door opened, and the landlady ushered in a neat little lady, whoso gray hair—she had her hat in her hand—contrasted strangely with her smooth checks and bright, soft, blue eyes. She droppnd the hat, and extended both hands to Mr. Mildron, exciairaine, "Charlie Meldron, I am so gUd to sec you 1" "I didti'c know yju were in QueenxUnd," said Meldron I was astonishod when I heard your voice. Whftt'n the matter?" he added quickly, as Mis* O'Connor caught his arm with a low cry. "That mail!" sho said, looking at Patrick O'Connor. " He* drunk or mad. Oh, don't let him touch me 1' Patrick O'Connor was advancing towards her with outstretched arms. " He's not drunk or mad," said Moldron. 4 I believe he thinks ho's your father." "Tbink* he* my father! Oh, he mast be mad!" " Nora, Nora, speak to me," said O'Connor. "How does ho know my name is Nora?" asked the perplexed and half-frightened lady. "I thought your name was Patience?" said Me.lriron. "Patience is only a nickname. My school mates gave it to me, and I always used it, but my real name is Nora." " Nora O'Connor—oh, tell me your n> other's name!—her maiden name," said O'Connor earnestly. "Nora Davitt, and my father's name was Patrick O'Connor." " What county did he corao from ? And was he sent out for bein' a Whitoboy ?" "He was. He came from Tipperary, but I never saw him ; it was after he lefc Ireland that I was born." "My daughter!—you are my daughter. Found at last! Glory be to God ! Oh, I knew you tho minute I beard your voice !—my own Nora's voice, and the same blue eyes, too." O'Connor was wild with joy. Ho aoked many question*, and to every one Miss O'Con nor gave satisfactory replies. There was no doubt that sho was indeed his daughter, and tho Chris trans Day that in a few hours dawned upon tho earth found thorn still sitting by tho. lire converging paily and happily. Meanwhile in anottur room Hastings and Meldron wore talking. "I was so surnri^od when I «»aw Miss O'Connor," said Meldron; "and, by Jove, isn't it odd that «h«» turrs out to be old O'Connor's daughter ?" "Strango indeed," said Hastings; "I can scarcely believe it. And, Mr. Meldron, I think I know now who the poor fellow was that I found dead in the buih!" "Who do you thick he was ?" asked Mel* dron. "George M'Lean—your friend and Miv O'Oonuor'd lover." "Sandy! Wby do you think that?" " Because the portrait I told you of wu Mias O'Connor's. As I s*id, it is a remarkable face; one that could not bo easily forgotten: and I recocwined Miss O'Connor as soon aa I h*\v her. What waa the name of your place in Victoria?" " Lima." " Lima ? That's it! That was on the top of her letters; and she gave messages from Charlie, Alice, and Bessie." "Alice and Bessie are my sisters' name*. Yes, they must have been her letters, and the man you found poor old Sandy. Sh« never called him Sandy—always George. Had the man you found fair hair ?" "Yes; fair hair and board, blue eyes, and was about sft lOin.; he had a scar on his left temple." "So had George M'Lean. Poor old fellow ! So that's the way ho died. I suppose we'd better toll Mis* O'Connor ?' 41 Wo'll tell ncr father, and let him break it to her." The O'Connors, father and daughter, looked bo bright itnd happy when they nil met at the lunchcon-tablo that Meldron decided to let Coristmas Day paas ere ho toM the Ule that would cloud their happiness. Miss O'Connor rallied him on his gloomy look*, and said he mußt be fretting for aorne one in Victoria. She xpoke of bygone Christraasca at Lima and of George M'Lean. " I thought he was dead," she said, " but now that I hove mot u>y father, who has spent so many years lookinjr for me. I hope tb»fc some h»ppy day I -.hall meet George. We will travel through Qaoensland." "I would advise you not to hope," said Meldron. 'I think if George were living he would have written." -n,vHc, r. fa ~e clouded- " Ah, do not say that, Charlie. Those stories you told last night have made you look on the d*rk sido of the picture. I was looking at the pictures on the w»U, and my father t.oid me the story that Mr. Hasting* related—' Dead in the Queensland Bush.' I was so interc s.ed, and the picture made it more interesting still. How sad it was! I wonder whose portrait he had and whothor the original ever knew of his lonely death." "Ob, Miss O'Connor,"and Meldron, "it was George M'Lean that Mr. Hastings found." " Charlip," she said, and turned her white face and piteous eyim to him ; *' Charlie ! oh, Charlie, it can't bo true !" "I'm awfully sorry, but it is true," he answered. " Tho letters were dated from Lima, and spoke of Alice, Bessie, and me; and Hastings recognised you by the portrait. It can't be helped, Miss O'Connor, »nd— and"—vaguely trying to console her—"itall happened so long ago." •*Bo long ago!" repeated Miss 0'Ooonor; "■0 long ago! Ob, my God! doe* that make it easier to bear?" "Nors, Nora! my child—my pet!" said her father, taking her in his arms. "Father; oh, father, let me go I" She wrenched herself from his grasp and rushed to her own apartment, and, bnrying her face in the bedclothes, gave way to her grief. It had followed so quickly on her joy that it seemed harder to bear. At last: as she raised her tear* stained face her eyes fell upon a picture on the wall—» common print of our blcsied Lord nailed to the cross, and with the crown of thorns pressed on his brow. The sight calmed her; the remembrance of the sorrows of Him who for our sakes endured such agony cau«ed her to view her own sorrow in a different light. She raised her clasped hands to heaven and murmured, "Thy will ho done." Then she went to her father. "We must not complain, drar father," she said. "We have eich other.' 1 The next day they left the Traveller*' Best, and in a f*w weeks more were on their way to Ireland. Patrick O'Connor bought a nice property, and ho and hi* daughter still live there, serenely happy and beloved by all the poor, who find in the p*ir true friends. In the favourite apartment of Miv O'Connor two very common- looking pictures hang, and people wonder why they are there, for anyone can see that they are merely cuttings from newspaper*| yet they know that their owner treasures them, as they are carefully framed and glazed. They are the picturrs that occ 3 wero pasted on the walls of the bush inn in the far away If ever Never country; the pictures through which she discovered the fate of her lover and Rained comfort in her sorrow. Pictures on the Wall. [WRITTEN FOR THE "QUEENSLANDER" CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.] BY M.M.C. It was Christmas Eve, and in the rude parlour of the Travellers' Rest—an inn situated in those far Western wilds known as the Never Never—three men were seated at a table doing' hearty justice to the Christmas fare with which it was spread. The eldest of the party was Patrick O'Connor, a halo old Irishman, whose usual occupation was sheep-droving, but who was supposed, and rightly so, to possess a fair share of worldly wealth; he was returning South after delivering a lot of sheep at a Diamantina station, and as the Travellers' Rest lay in his way he had decided to spend the festive season there. Next to him was Tom Hastings, a cattle-drover, well known and respected both in the South and the West, and he was now on his way out with a small mob of pure Durhams which were to form the nucleus of a stud herd on Alico Downs station, owned by the firm of Meldron and Meldron, of Melbourne, Victoria, and managed by Charles Meldron, who was the third guest at the inn, he having como there to meet Mr. Hastings and also to get a "decent Christmas feed," as ho termed the well- cooked meal of which they were now partaking. The day had been intensely hot in the forenoon, but at midday a heavy storm of rain accompanied by loud thunder and vivid lightning had come on which had the effect of making the evening so cool that the men, on leaving the table, were glad to draw their chairs close to die bright fire that sparkled on the hearth. For half-an-hour they smoked and chutted, and then Meldron proposed a game of cards. " Oh, hang cards !" said Hastings; "let us do as they do in the old country—tell Christmas »tories." " There are no ghosts in Australia," said O'Connor. " Are ghosts necessary to a Christmas yarn?" asked Meldron. " I think so," answered O'Connor; but we can do without them. "Go ahead, Hastings; we're all attention." "Ahead with what?" asked Hastings. " Why, with your Christmas story. It was your suggestion, so 'tis but right you should commence." "But," objected Hastings, "I haven't an idea how to commence a yarn of any descrip tion." " Look at the pictures on the wall," Baid Meldron ; " take an idea from them." "By Jove! not a bad suggestion," said Hastings. " Let's have a look at them;" and taking the flaring slush lamp from the table (kerosine was at that time an unknown luxury in the Never Never) he proceeded to examine the walls of the room, which were covered with pictures taken from the various illustrated papers. " Here is one," he said, " that reminds me strongly of the Maranoa." The sketch he indicated wns entitled " Dead in the Queens land Bush," and represented a river scene—a pool of water overhung with large ti- trecs, beneath whose shade lay the dead body of a man, with his swag under his head and his faithful dog beside him. " I know a spot exactly liko that on tho Maranoa," continued Hastings. "And, by Jove, I found a dead mail there, too." "Tell us about it," said O'Connor and Meldron in one breath; and Hastings seated himself and commenced: " It is fully ten years ago now, and it was an awfully dry season here in Queensland when I left the New England district with a mob of cattle to stock "Watts Bros.' station, Idalia—an ' inside' placo now, but considered an out-of* the-way place then. Well, as I said, it was a dry season, and the Maranoa River, up which I had to travel, was merely a chain of water holes, and deuced far apart the holes that con tained water were, too. One day—Christmas Eve it was—l went ahead to look out for a good camping-place, and was right glad when I came to a large hole of water. Tho id-trees grow thickly on tho bank, and the water was of a palish green tint, yet it struck mo that the odour that hung about it was rather stronger than one would expect. I saw a dead bullock on the other side, bo imagining it was from it the bad smell came I jumped off my horse, and was soon on my knees having a big drink, for I had emptied my water-bag three hours before. Suddenly my horse snorted and gal loped up tho bank. Thinking a snake had startled and perhaps bitten him, I rushed after him, and in doing so tripped and fell over something that lay in my way. Imagine my horror when I saw that the obstacle over which I had stumbled was the dead body of a man in rather an advanced stage of decomposition. Wasn't I sick! I was beginning to feel somewhat hotter when tho cattlo hove in Bight. I got on my horse and told tho men to take them to tho other side, for I was afraid they might tramplo on the corpse. When the men heard my story they were for going on ; they vowed they wouldn t camp there. 'Wo must,' said I; *we shall have to bury the man.' But they kicked against that, saying it was bad enough to have to camp there, but they wouldn't go near the body. Well, we fixed tho camp, and when the moon rose I took a spade from the cart. ' I'm going to dig a grave,' I said, <if anyone hero is man enough to help me lift the poor fellow into it.' 'It would sicken a dog to do it,' said the cook, an intelligent young chap, a native. 'If a dog could do it he would,' said I; ' tho poor fellow's own dog would, at any rate, for ne's dead beside him. ♦ Well, we'll have a look,' said tho cook; and he and two of the drovers came down with me to where the dead bodies of man and dog lay. Strange to say, the sympathies of all the men were with the dog. ' It's a shame to say a dog ain't go£ no soul,' said one; ' dogs are the faithfuUest critters out.' 'Poor brute!' said another, bending down to pat tho animal, which by-its appearance had not been more than a day dead. * Poor brute! We'll bury you with your master.' So we made a grave and put both of them in. Ab we lifted the man, a pocket-book and a leather case fell from his breast. When we had laid his blanket over him and shovelled the earth on top of that, I took the pocket book and case to the fire to examine them. The ease contained a portrait of a lady whose fac was rather uncommon, not exactly pretty, but intellectual-looking; she had blue eyes and brown hair. The pocket-book contained three letters and a long ringlet of brown hair. The letters were written by a lady, and all com* menced, ' My dear George,' and were signed, ' Your loving Patience.' They were of old dates and had evidently been written by hia sweetheart. Although apparently only a swag* man at the time of his death, he must hare been a squatter when the letters were written. I never heard anything more about him. I sent the portrait and also the letters, together with a statement as to where I found and buried the body, to the nearest police station, and—well, my story's ended." " A sad one enough," said O'Connor, " yet common enough, too. There's many an un known grave in the Australian bush. I wonder what he died of F It couldn't have been thirst by a waterhole." " No, unless he had boen without water for a long time before. There were little bags of tea and sugar in hia swag, but not a scrap of flour." "What a way you Europeans have of speaking of Australia," said Meldron. "I suppose there are lonoly deaths in other coun? tries W "There may be," said O'Connor; "but Australia and its gold have ruined more men than enough." " I wish I'could get some of the gold," said Hastings. " I tried my luck at the diggings, but never saw the colour. By tho way "— indicating a sketch of the Bondigo diggings which was pasted on tho wall—"thoso were good, I believe. I know of some fellows that made a pile there." " I was ono of those that made a pile," said O'Connor. " Worse luck!" he added, with a sigh. " I wish I had never seen Australia or its gold." " Well, I suppose you weren't forced to come to Australia," said Meldron. "You needn't have come unless you liked." O'Connor smiled. " I got a freo passage to Australia, lads," he said; " 'twas neither my fault nor my wish that I loft old Ireland." "Unless you committed some fault yon wouldn't have been tent out," said Hastings bluntly. " Well, I was, and I didn't commit any fault, but I was seen in the company of those that did, and the country was in an excited state. I'll tell you all about it, boys : 'Twas in the year '35, and I hadn't been more than three months married when a neighbour of mine died, and I said to Nora, my wife, that I'd go to the wake. Nora didn't want me to go on account of a dream that she had had that harm would come to me of it; but I laughed at her fears and off I started. 'Twould have been well for mo if I had taken her advice and stayed quietly at home at my own fireside. Well, 'twan a fine starry night, and I was walkin' qnictly along, whon a man leaped the hedge beside me, and, Bays he, thrusting a gun into my hand, ' Keep this, Paddy,' ♦ What for?' says I. But without answering he jumped the hedge again and I, foolishly, kept 