"fl)UMI)£l) Of FAC1, : 6VT. MAICOLM SATSOR. T had1 writlon n novol whioh, I may Boy wihout hircctation, had boon 'received, aliko by this puhlio nnd thoypross yrith markod favour. - Possibly -tho orbnerobs reooption bxtondod to it may, m sorao maasbro, Iitivo boon tho result of my own .franknosa ill at onco nckuuwicdgitig tho ouroo from which I hod drawn myinepi- rntion._ Novortholoss, I sin, I think, jus tified in saying that tlio book owod its . aucoctsB less to tho intricacy of ; its plot' than to the adroit manner in which tho inoidonts wore handled, andj above all, ;to tho suhtlo analysis' of a mind- gifted boyondtlio common, " Thb' volumo Ibis boon so rocontly in thb hands of roadors, and by thorn' so fully , discussod, , that I fool a nob unnatural difEdcnco in roforring to it Uoro in bny- I thiub lifto detail. V If tlibro is ono thing ;I disliko moro than anotlior, it is tlio thrust- ing of iny oivn pors'onality boforo tho public. But, unfortnnatoiy, I havo no I option in tho presont instanco I. havo I mwnn ntnlAnin rtlni?(vn vvnrlnv fliwniiiYi.lnnn/in of peculiar gravity, and tho rosponsibility I resting on mo until that plcdgo is rodebmca . I cannot readily bo ovor-ostimatcd. I havo I —unwittingly, it is truo— porpctratcd a I sorious wrong against a follo'w-croature, I and tho only mothod opon to mo of un- I doing tho bvil tliua wrought ' is to make I my recantation no loss, public tlrnn thb' I error which rondore it necossary. I Although, thoreforo,' I do not fool coiled upon to ontor with any dbgroo of nrinuto- j noss into tho particulars of my ston— a I task particulariy distasteful to ono of my l.modost disposition— I am forced to ciul I to tho reader's memory ono or two of tho I leading ovonto sot forth in ita pages. It 1 , will bo romomborod tliat in tho preface I at I onoo, as I havo said, disliarmod hostilo I criticism on tlio score of originality by can- I didly daclaring tho basis of my foio to bo I tho account of a certain trial for mnrdor, I which I hod unearthed from an oidnows- I papor. It would, howovor, bo unfair to I vrttf /t«m iliftm In ftiA wnrl #llil T virtf that tho dotiiils thoro given wore of tho. most moagro kind — a varitablo skoloton in fact from which not only ovory vestige of flesh had long ainco disappeared, but which, during thoso years of sopulturo, had lost a goodly number of ita original hones ; and among thoso many of its most important. To mo, thon, foil tho task of rehabilitating this timo-womstructuro — of clothing it again, so to speak, with ita ; former wrappings — and of imparting to' it . suoh vitality as might provo acooptablo to the puhlio of tho presont day. |'; Tho npwopapor report to which I havo |; alluded was short and to many might seom | prbsaio. It told in concisb language how a cortain Bonjamin Nortii liad been tried I and conviotcd of tlio niurdor of his wife, Hypa'tia, which' crime no doubt, although , tho foot remained unrecorded, . ho in dub course oxpiatod on 'tho" scaffold, Iho I eyidbneo . went -to' Bhow tliat . for many I years previous to' tlioirmarriogo tlio union I of thbso.two -had -boon looked '.upon -as 1 probable, and that; only a sorios of nialign . ruiflubneos -hod . provohtbd :. tho Conauiu- j. mation; of -thbir hopbs at ah oarliur.poriod. - I Thoir happiness; hoivovor,' wiis fatod to bo I of brief .duration.' Shortly' after tho wcdding. Hypatia— no longor; bb it/ said, I . in. thb first bloom of hbr voutii — dovolonccl - symptoms, of ill-health. - .Thb oireumstanco did not pass unobserved by hor liusband, in whoso favour it was urged at tho trial that no oho could havo displayed greater patience or devotion.' Tho haunts of hor oarlior days'worofbraakoh, and old friotido saw almost nothing. of thoir : former ' cpih- rado. On tlio rare occasion which fouhd him nhsont ffom-liis wifo's sido'it was np-"; parent; 'moroypr, tiiat lio hod clmnged greatly.-- His- ; nmuiior was more sorious and at tjmcB ovoh doprcsscd. . A cortoin glooni hod iottlpd upon his ; face,' apd -liis very. gait betrayed a mind anxious and'' harassed. : . ;:' ;-j--..:.7 : ,.Thb:BUddcn death of his wifo -.followed soon of tor. Of its cnuso thoro novor was tho Blighfost doubt : . a -day! or two pro- - viottsly North hid ; purchnsod a quantity of arsenic ivitii tbo ostoiisiblo purpose of giving it to his horsoB to iniprovb Oio ap- , poiriinco of thoir; cnats. It was 'clearly proved, and. indood .was novor . doniod, ' tliat bis wife's death had rosultod from a doso of thisybry poison! 1 f : :Thb,dMoucp .nppcara to have boon con ducted on tho; most primitive linos, A ploa cortaiiily was advanced that tlio woman had,' oithor by' accident or design, . takon tho nraonio hereolf ; liutlos no ovi- I tlonco was addiibcd in support of tho: as . sortion, tho man's cosb qutokly foil to the. ground. Nor, from wliat I.could gathor, . aid tho result causo. 'him ; oithor ourpriso I or uneasiness. . Liko tlio GrcokH ; of old, I ho Bconicd to seo in his approaching doom I tho hand of fnto from which riopiortel aid \- could save him, . Such, waa tho fromowork upon which I lutd avowedly biult up.my story, carry ing candour oyoii so far as to give chapter and ybrso for ray. authority!.' And Although it mia, at; fiiisf glnnco; bo thought ,thot -thb narrative contained littlo either of ;an I extraordinary or sensational nature,; to I iuo thoro waa.muoh; both, keenly patlibtio I and dramatio. in it. . , ; I coii)ured up tlio I early struggles; of thoso loving hearts thb long, Sow yoara of waiting until | thoir . hopes at last slipuld bo orownod witli . trmtion. in llypatia l ro- cogniocd a woman of a trusting and loyal disposition ; in North a man of lofty, if coiubwliat oolf-cohtaincd, character. And towards theso;two, just na tlio cup of happiness was raised to tlioir lips, tho liand of death was coon to stretch forth; and the inovitablo and to opproaoli. That . North" was bpnyincod1 of his wifo's 'noar dissolution I had no doubt,- and that ho folt: the coming Boparation evon ' mbrb. . acutely than horaolf' was no loss clear to mo.' And; sb'ho had takon liia dotormina- tion. If thoy might . no 'longer, ' liv.o to- gbtjier, ' death' at least uliouta not port tlioiii. Imbued with this resolyo, ho had purchased tho.poison, intondihg'to niako |, away :with hoth' his,, v/jfo And liimsolf. |;But,;aItyr adiiiinistoying Iior portion, his | nerve hodfafiodhim; and boforo ho could j ouminon up coumgo suflicionfc to completa I liin purpose,' justico was on hie : traok. | Nbvortholoss, wlion Iiio fate, canio, ho iubt j it calmly andhoroically, conscious that if ho | had Binned in act lio' was ht least innooont | in infontion.. j . The character of tho man had grown | upon ..mo with wonderful yividnoso, end I | had taken tho greatest pains to portray i tho. motivo.s by -whioh ho . lmd boon I animated. Tlio success of tho hook ' inay ho acooptcd ho soma: indication: that my | efforts wore not wholly ili voiin. . Somo fow weeks after its publication I was sitting one ovoning alone m my otudy. It was clbso upon-'mldniglit; "and t limi- already boon writing for several hours, as it vioi) iiooeseary tho work Iliad in lmud should be flniahodbynspeoifiod time, and 1 was anxious to koop faith. Just at tliat ' moinont I found niysolf brought to a stop / J>y tlio want of cortaiii data,, whioh I rc- momborod wore to bo'foinid in one of my roforbneo-books. .'Being desirous to com-, ;plb'to" tlio artiblo boforo', retiring for the ' night, . I accordingly laid osido my pon, ; . aiid prococdod downstairs in pursuit of the yolumo in question. ; A few. minutes' soareh . Buflicbd to_pro- vido mo with wliatl required, nnd, taking the book in my hand, I returned onco more : to my work.' Entering _tlio toom hastily, it was not until I reached my . place at tha table tliat I noticed tho chair opposito to mo to bo occupied. / , . I must confess to eonsidorablo surprlso and even some littlo alarm at the appari- . tion of a Btrangor in my house. With tlio oxooption of tho servants Ilivo alonb, and; cortnihly I had no recollection of ; liaving invited anyono of this gentleman's appear- ' ; onco to cofi on mo at so unscomly an hour as midnight. Besides, how had lio con trived to ontor without. making liiuuelf' hoard? 7 "Good evoning, sir," ho said with, a Btrong provincial aceont, as I took my soat!' , . ' ffnivl nmiiinf " T rnnliod. nofc.VOrr. cordially, porhaps ; hut under tha oirouin- ctances an absonco of waimth might bo oxcuscd. "I fbar, howovor," I contmuod, . "I. havo not tho advantage' of knowing whom I am addressing." As I spoko I mado a hasty siirvoy of the strangar in the' hopo of rocolliiig tho 'occasion on which wo had met boforo. But my efforts were in vain. Hia features 1 Boomed wholly unknown to mo. " . Those, it may bo obsorvod,' woro suffi ciently remarkable to lo'avo a lasting im pression upon a momory loss retentive than my own. But what struck mo most forcibly in this first examination was tha old-fashioned oir of the man ; an impres sion, by tho way, considerably heightened by his stylo of coatumo, whioh appeared to bo moaellod upon apntternfasnionnblo in tha years of this contury, but curiously out of kocping. with tho present-day fur niture of my room. Tho other points in particular attracted my attention : the first, that ho was a vorv small man— so small, indeed; that as ho sat on a not in ordinately high chair, his foot did not ovon touch tho ground, but hung sus pended in mid-air, oscillating backwards and forwards liko a pair of pondulums ; the othor, that hia faco was axededingly red and chubby. ; Thoro was, moreover, a good-naturodtwinklo about his oyes which immediately suggested to tho obBorvor a powor of appreciating a joke, if not of too suhtlo an .ordor, quite equal to tlio. ayorago. Although I mysolf was unconsyious ,of ; having givon uttornncoto any thing, par- tioulavly humorous, ho . seomod to draw from , my roplyra .considomblo fund of ' amusement, for. it sot him laughing aomo-: what boisterously, " And yet,!-' ho an- suorod, " thorp's nobody living knowis-- or thinks ho knows— more about me unit - my doings than yourself, " " You must bo labouring ' under some mistnko," I rejoined grayoly." " Unless ; iny momory: greatly dpeoivos mo, wojiavo never mot boforo to-night,! so that- it is impossiblo ! I; should bo ; acquainted with your history," ' . ! .,;" . "Tliat's prd'oisely What: Ihavo' eomo tq' complain about,", said tho; littlo "man, tnrning.a shade roddor, and with n touch of irritation in liiB Voico ; " you admit you have novor soon mo boforo— know nothing v>f my thoughts, actions, miinnors, or' tasto3, and yotj foraOoth, you coolly con stitute yourself my biographer I";, ;; . ' . . " Your— your— tvliat ?" I quoriod. . " My biographer;" ronlied the stranger. ' "My -naino, sir, is. North— Bonjomin , North,— and I've token somo littlo troublo, lot mo toll you, . to conio lioro to-niglit, tliatel may bavo tlto eatisfootlon of a por- sonoracpiquaUbn with tho goiitloman wlio, hosboon good enough" to writo my lifo. " . . Isat back in my oImir Bpoochlossrover- como with' tlio variety of' omotioris which crowded Upon nio!; But what; porhaps, . oppressed iuo moro than any, was the thought that .1 had bcon basely triokod. and deceived., ; 2'iah .Boiijntuiii North—' rod- fneed, commonplace, fat littlo pornon,' thoprototypoof tliat lugli- soulodnndgcntlo 7 mail whoso caroor I had traced with "so loving a hand? . It was impossible ; or, if- it . 'wore indood truo, thon. I .had- boon, deopiy wrpngod : robbed 'of 7. wliqt ; is doarost to' the writer's heart--ft . hbblo idoal,.. . , ! ''.i''-' !:/ ; . '!.I thought I should. surprise you, " ho resumed, " nhd I'm glad to find tlmt.you have at leiiat' tlio' raco'to bQ sileht. But d oh . suppoab I've , come ell the way from tho othor world simply to-taunt you. No; bit, in bo acting I hod a definite objoct in .viovv— aii dbjoot, moroovor, I. intend shall bo nccomplisliod boforo l return.",' Ho .jiansod for a'inoinbnt",' whbther from.' ox- citomont or want of . breath J was Uiiablo to dotormiuo, but quiokly continued in on iinprdssivb toils, ; contrasting ludicroualy! with his appearanco, ' ' You, sir; liayo done nio.a sorious irijtliy." Ab lie. said .those words I folt iriqlinod ten broak'into n 7 hysterical; laugli at tho qbsuidity of tlio accusation, but with'n strong ofibrt I controlled mysolf. ; ; " I . do not," j I observed, " quito Understand what grounds you have for complaint." - No soonor iiad.-I spokon tliau I would hnvo givon much to recall the contonco. Tho qlfoct upon Mr. North ivas.so decided as to cnuso mo sorious nlnvni. Iiio faco to seo him roll off his seat in a .fit of apoploxy. TliO liorriblo thought forced itsolf upon mo : what if I woro loft with tlio cofpso of a ghost upon niy . hands? Fortunately, hoivovor,- 1 waB spared that calamity, for, recovering hiinsolf, ho ' again- addressed mo, tliis - timo almost . savngoly — ' ; _ " ' Grounds for complaint 1' lie echoed. ' Why,' sir, putting asulo oil quostion as .to facts; regarding which, by tlio way, you are about, as for wrong lis a man can . bo, " whore; '.may I iiak; did you find authorityfor tliooharactor you liavo givon mo?"' Tho quostion eortainly nonplused mo not a littlo. - "X— I must allow," X answered, "I drow that from'my imagin- otion." . .. Imagination 1',. ho ropliod in an accent of tho mo3t . profound contempt. ' Exactly ; you novel-writers seom : to fanoy that the moment; you 7 have uttered .Bhibboloth " Imagination " tlio last word lias booh said. It novor occurred to you, I supjmso, to think what nij/ feblmgs might bo on. tho.Bubject ?' ' ; . "I confess, " I returned, somowhat humbly, " I had not given that point tlio consideration it doubtless, dosoryod. You must rbuiombcr, however,": I added in oxtoiiuatibn, " that, you had boon dead somo Bcvcnty years or moro. Moroovor, X took tho precaution of -ohunging your namo." , , ' : " ' That's good,' retorted the little man, oiviiigiiig hia logs to and fro with ftddi ' tiorial force.. EealIy, you aro too conside rate. .. And such a dwguis.u, too 1 No body, of . courso; could possibly, rocogulso, Bonjnmin , North under the psondonym of Boninmin Soatli.' . ' ; , ; ; " Tho two names are at least as far nport as tho polos," I suggested with a vacuous smile, hoping to turn . tho. matter into a humorous channel. . ; ' ; , " Egiid ! yoii'vo a pretiy wit,' lio nn- -swbrbd; 'a ..nioBt bxcollont wit.' Thon,. waxrag; warmer— ' Demmo, sir 1 I'vo known it man run through' the body for a worse joko.' I hastened to oxprcss iny satisfaction : tliat the quality of mino. was not such as lo'- call.'aovm7 upon' mb; a similar' fate. But I spoko to regardless oars, for,' paying no hood- to my interruption, Mr. North again proceeded to tlio.attack ' . " ' Como, sir, lot's havo a look at this preciouB hook of yours. You've, a' copy . undor your hand, I coo. . Thoro are ono or two passages I'd liko to havo the pleasure of 'hearing you repeat', aloud. vSupposo wo begin,' .with pngo ' twonty- nino I' . . ' ; , . Tho consternation visible upon my faco at this. proposal brought back my.intorla-, cuter to a plciisantor statb of tilings, and a Innlr rtf mnrlfful cnnhmif. Rfittlccl linon. Ilia-. features aa ho said, with ' a, grim chucklo, . 'It isn't ovory day an. author has tlio. privilege of deolaihiing his. own pro-: ductions to eo approcintivo on nudi- enco.' _ 7 ' . Ite cognising tho (utility of rosistanco, I took up tho volumo and oponcd it at tho point indicated. As I read, tho words seemed, to toko a -now and unnatural moaning, and I could hardly realise that thoy wore tho same whieli,nn hour ago had . appeared so full of powor nnd doscriptivo inBight. ' " '.Tho laws which rbgulato Nature and Humanity,' I began, in a hard, spasmodic voico, ' wliilo working towards tlio samo onds, linvo each thoir difforont mothods of attaining results. Willi the former tho thing that is precious is too often hidden beneath a valuoloss husk ; with tho latter seldom or novor. So it was in Benjamin South'a caso. Tho noblo soul within was adumbrated by tho lofty oxprossion of bin fiu-.n tha uiicoiiscious venrninas of a highor nature were traced upon ovory lino . of his fentares. Tall 'and meagre, almost to emaciation, his voty person indicated a disregard for ali sonsuol pleasures,: which, it was manifest, swept post shame- strickon nnd abashed, leaving him pare and unsullied as the soft white light of tho ' crescent moon." ' . _ 7 " It's a littlo mixed,' said my. listorior, with a grin of malignant ploasuro, ' but it describes mo to' tho lifo. . And7 your olocutionoiy stylo brings out tho points, with suoh vividnoss, thnt you really must allow mo. to 7 congvntulato you upon it. Bray continuo; sir, for n'oit to epitaphs, on' gravostonosj it s tho most ontortain-' ing reading I lwivo mot yrith for a long, time.' v.''".." !'"7':;, .GnwiUing as I folt, tlioro was hothing for it but to ao as ho requested. : i'Ho.was gifted," :I procoeded1. ,_'f witli a mind 'of Binguarly anaiytieM . and intros pa'ctivo typo, possessed,' too of an7' un- oqunUed fOoultyof pfbjooting itsolf into ; tlio future, aiid- of . bringing back thonco much tliat would liavo proved olusivo to a nature lcsa lihorally endowed, Tlib po- . tbntiality of his preseneb waa apparent' undor any , cireumstanbos ; ; it.'domuiatbd" nll'yrith whom ho canio in cbntoetj and ; may perhaps bb' best doscribed ' by, ; the wore olcctncai. it wilt . not; Howovor, ' surprise anyone. Unit a mind , so purely subjoctivo m ita action should" have had ita; weak pbiist, and it; must bp7 admitted that syntfioticnlly South's wiaacbinpnra!. tivo failure. Tho qreativo faculty had,' boon in a great 'measure donied to ' him; and horom'lio fell Bhort of greatness,' But in saying so muoli I do no more than . allow tliat ho- was ono of tiioso who only . just iniss attaining the heights upon which .mon of tho nahleBt genius and powor of oxjpr'ossion havo walkod and lived." ' . ' Thank you 1' said my guest, whoso . faoe during tlio 'rooital: of.'tno proeeduq had gradually bocomo. overcast ant troubled. ' I think I won't ask you to go on. It's vory fino; no doubt,- .but I'm afraid I don't quito grasp tho meanmg. BbsidbSj.it makes mo sleopy, and I liavo 'ono br two mattora to sot right .before I leave.' . - 1 .laid esido the hook with , a sigh of re- liof, For tho first timo in my life I1 had; foand tlio pages dull. Mr. Norths next roraoi'lc surprised mo -not ' a httlo : You're nob married : of . course 1' he eaid. 'No "I 'answered, 'bub7 why - " of courso" ?' _ » ' Thon ho continued, disregarding my quostion, 'in dcscnbing tho rolntious ' existing botwoen my wifo and mysolf you . drew, I presume : upon your imagination' again S' "Yes ' I replied with somo ontliusiasm, "Y pibtured- to .mysolf tho indissoluble union of two souls, bound togothor by no earthly tio,.hut,ihorgod tho ono into the Other by tho sublimo alchemy of a divino hand." 1 "Tlmnk- you 1" ho said drily. "When I want oxtraots I'll refer to tho book "it solf. '!, You cortaujly /moo a protty power ful imagination " I looked down, colouring a littlo at" tho direot compliment. " You hadn't tlio pleasure of knowing Hippy, I thmk ? ' ho asked. 1 "Hippy? " ' I ropeatcd intofrogativoly. If T lilSAIi ilm Intn TVfun TlkTiVl-fl, " No," I replied. "Ah," lie wont on in a dreamy way, " You missed a great treat," Then, rousing himself, ho loaned forward in. liis chair, holding tho arms - firmly so nb to nroront.himself. froin' falling, and in a hoarao whispor, addressed mu If- thoro over was a shrqw. and a tormagnat .bom into this world, it was my wifo." . Tho intensity with which tlio words wore spoken bore evidence to thoir truth. If othor proofs had been, wantod, it would" ; liavo boon found in thooxpression of hntrcd and fear apparent on tho Bpoakor's fuco. To mo .tlio shook although' painful, was not altogether nnoxpeeted. Already ouo illusion hod boon swept away, nnd now: I could bear with a certain degree of calm ness tholoss of tho second. ' , "My dear sir," I said, I beg that you will not oxcite yourself., I think I begin to understand tlio objeob of your- coining to-night Lob mo .assure you that any statement you may desiro to makowil! ho not only impartially judged by mo but treated as wholly private. , " Private l". i>o interrupted with an angry wave of tlio hand. : " Egad, sir, the greater thb publicity tlio bettor I'll bo pleased. You don't suppose I camo hero merely to set royoolf right with youi" > I thought it prudent to paso over , in nilonco tho blur" jmplic'd . by liin wo? k- " If I havo injured you in any way, 1 1 aaid with chilling /courtesy; "I am p.o- . pared, to do wliatovor lieu in my powor to pliwo the nmtter upon its light j . . V. - .'. v .. . .' - . ..... . ' : "A— tad tired ' 'H My assurauoo appeared .to '.give iked on"¥ ! Noras profound, wtiaftwtion. passion. ') hack in liis placo onco more, and faco of - I ' - 'Uttlo preliminary cough began to lo mark ' 1 " That's idl I ask for," 7 be ' si lib laid i whon l've told you tho roal- fa jnly his caso I slmll expect you to mnki ho that , widoly known as. tlio imaginai. j fits of! cdntairiod in . that volumo."; Sto' tlio . '"It's 'vqiy ditoppointihgtb;.ybu, too foul ,mit," ho wont, on, settling down to ocs and |) stbr, '! biit truth compbls nio.to sayjftV might 7 I novor waa anything but a vory ordiij| elected, happy-go-lucky sort of a mortal. -I do' \ nnd, quito understand what is meant by- ' p r body jecting oneself into tlio future,' but in ' j-o that caso tho nearest approach. to tho prqc ilifo to' , Ltako it, was whon my fnthor tiirentq inco on to kiok nio into thb.middle of noxt tveilli our r on account of Bomb youthfid escaped" As to tho othbv comphmtaty things ' ytj man, liavo heou good onough tosay of moy l'ivn its sorry to confess thoyra quite beyond jj bonded comprelionsion. ' . ' . -.' in and 'f l was a littlo hit of a baTum-scarao follow j hut I hover : wanted for friend ; pr;ef And tlicsq woro thb days, lot me .toll jr' should ' .sir, wlibh n man did'nt : shrink f row ' second; or oven his third, bottlotll " injiteasv-i and when the nights wore all too BhoraioiHouwpv .tho fun and frblio wo sought to' crowd into or on thom. Perhaps wo weren't so liboralljto,'80 gifted with imagination as the present - ' generation ; but, by. gadj sir lj wo wortU. tJl0 . ready enough to hack up bur opinion !my with solid facte if required. ; ' ir faco " I was barely thirty whon my fnthor often' died, leaving , mo a snuggish. bit ofpro- jn,,, f porty. It didn't represont afortunq .o!ipou courso, but tlio incomo yielded ,by it wai ilcar(, sufficient for nil wanta and a fotv lnxuricjl01l. ' over and above. Alas I my Bbcjning 'go;ri v ' fortuno waa to provo tho causo of my ruin.',vhtiri . for froin tlio doy on wliich Hypat inlcarncdf jj0 tho news of my idtered circumslanccs.alib,;,, . mado up hor mind that I should bp nei&toen;' hushandT. -'facb. At tliis point his .voico sank, to n di'ep|'0 m0 . and improsaivo tono :— ' > .\j!f . . . "For ten years alio gavomonojieiuxj, -joh, ' follbwing mo from ploco to placo with tho ' tenacity of a bloodhound. From tlio ba l:\'1 ' ginmng I know that thoro waa ho hopo '.'.i ; for mo, hut J diod Iiard.' I racked my ; w-r- t brain for excuses. I throw obstaclo after , . _ obstaclo in her way, yet all to no purpose. / r, . : It was only a question of time, anil ahq ; .. know it- Tlio momont ot lostcsmo who'jt Vc_ I could struggle no longor, but found rnj self forced toyiold up my freedom nt tho, " V altar of our village church. .'i6,?6. "Thon hogiih for riio nlifo of uhuttcfr 7 , ,j. , ahlo misory." Tho Into Mrs! North was p ;|5 7 woman of noblo proportions,' wliilo, fas you havo possibly obsorvod, I nnv notmy- .ffiS; solf a Horoulos. lVhon,'thsrofbro, as was if her wont, sho placed hor book agauist tlib. L.. j; door , protesting that X should 7 nq: longed visit my old haunts nnd cronibs, I cquld. i " r riot but;rocbgniso how vaihwMtholpqw.br;;?!' of prayor to moyo hbr from thb position.?,' it "> v ff.I bccamb depressed ahd moody, :: ;A1kh5;.<7! : my .former buoyancy desortcd mo and:; <$$;. ; whott by '.ohnneqt.Iqhcbuhtbfed ,'nn.iald;pKj.! hequaiiitahoq',!; I", 'SliriinK ; away ifrom his presonco out of pure sbaqib;: . ; ' , r'oi.ijCtS;: : :: '! Two .yoara passed, and my|wifo foUi' ;i . ill. ; IVhat th'o disoasb was can' bo'of. nb 'i'X : interCBt to you;,but by. tlio viUngo dpetor7'.';!/?!'' it was prohounccd to bo deadly. V It P'aa V;, !3 my. sad duty'cohtinuedthespoakorWitoV;,?- ; a eariously comia glaneo at mj'Belf1l " to v,!,;1'!; ' communicate to hbr' the'7, torribl'b 'intolli-. . . A?1! :gorioo."' ' , - \ ' xH ''Tho' habit 'bf bbcdionce. liad by;'tius '7 \f9I; titno; becqmo B6qngrained: bi iny ;naUiio-'J!7:| ' f.linf. T rllrl nnl. nnnri r1n<A+>i i«bn ri/lvtnivfnrtrt X-te lOltl pf ' Ueiv holplessriosSj but .rpmaihetl ton- : stqritly . at hor Bido. Upon tliis, .mdeedj . l ,: she, insisted ; aHd-Mi hor ttoMy did hoti .' confine her to bcd. I acquicsccd;ih"!her!;: '.:rc; , wislieB with my usual nlacrity. i As 'tlio end; drew ncar.'alio .becaraov-; ',!1! iihbuqdvrithn taost unjust BiiBpibiohtont;;ffefiJ hor doath-wqiild not hbunwolconte'tomq,'';1 I' cannottoUyou,eir,".baidtboUt.tlbinah"'a( ivitii- a' break in hi3 voico . and'.making .' . vV boliovb.to wipo away a tear, "howdooply. j. tliis delusion iiained mo. : .. "And now, sir, what do you tlnnfe. tho >; inhuman monster did ?- You nro- aware .- that I had purchased tlio arsenic to givo . . It. to tho horses. .Impressed by tlio idea 71) I havo mentioned, and dotormmcd that I - - (; should not bo left to rojmco iu my. now- found liberty, sho resolved upon poisoning:/ liorsolf, woll knowing how fatal to mysolf : - , vt tlioconsoquehceamustprovo. ..And)7hOingi.v' ' a woman largely gifted with tho courage ; - , ; of her conviotions, sho actually did it." - > . . . . Exhausted:, by- tho.. narration, of- hfo.:; wrongs, Mr. North pausod lioro. r. For my- : own part I hardly know what to tlunk of A so oxtraordmary a story. - In a moraont 6r:two, howovor, ho rosumed : Thnt, sir, -is-tho truth.' Now are you; ,. convinood of tho wrong you- liavo dono to - mo?" " Yes,!' I admitted; "your.- version:. , . eortainly throws a nowliglit upon tho in-. : ,i oidents." : Bo assured it is tho correct ono, and -m: ecooi-dingly, Bir, I olium tho. fulfilment of 7 your nromiso,. and ask tliat you will clear . my. ounractor from tho tissuo of fnlsoliood : , : . — don't bo offended, Bir, font is a tissue - of falsehood — withwhicli yourimagmation :i - . lino interwoven it." .:.'.7, 7 : - " You mean;" I answered somewhat re luctantly, " tliat I shall placo boforo thai t. public tho partioulara you liavo just com- , mumcatcd ('' "Exaotly." . I sighed on I thought of my lost ideal ; but 1 lmd pledged my word,. "Aa.yo'U will," I replied. "I promise." "Good 1" lie roioined. Tiion suddenly changing tho .subject,' "By tho way, havo yqu ovor noticed tho peculiar conforma tion of that bunt ovor your head ?" "No," , I answered looking: in- tho direction indicated ; "Idon't know that : I havo. Perhaps,'' I suggested, turning again7. - towards', him, " it is tlio cfl'cct ot— — " . , : I iStoppod, Tho ohnir before mo vvan r empty. " '-. .. 