THE CONFESSIONS OF1 AN EPICURE. Br Raxeod. Poets are said to be bom, not made, but as I do not happen to have any acquaint ances among that class of gentry who delight some foolish people with their quips and cranks and odd conceits, their sham emotions about a feeling called lore, and their happy knack of making unreali ties seem real, I cannot vouch for the truth of the maxim. But that the select class. vulgar ignorantly decry as gluttons, have the germs of their noble tastes implanted in them at a very early age, I, from my own experience, can confidently assert. A true epicure, a genuine wooer cf cunningly devised meats, will read with a sympathetic interest that my first recollections are of the joys of feeding. As I sit in my com fortable chambers with a cup of coffee of my own brewing before me and one of those incomparable cigars in my mouth, which none but my dearest friends and those cf my own gastronomic persuasion have ever tasted, dim visions arise in the smoke of the time when I first had practical evidence of the great troth that we live to eat, and not, as some senseless humans assert, that we eat simply to carry on the gross and. aim less pursuits of existence. It is true these visions smack somewhat of candle ; they bring back recollections of rusks and paps and other infant kickshaws, of which now, with my better cultivated sense of taste, I would scorn to partake. But none the less are they precious to me as the firstremem bered signs of that delicacy of palate for which, in my own circle of friends, I may say without boasting, I am so justly famed. Over my school-days I would fain draw a veil. To the fame disciple of the cult they must in the best of ci-eainstane*s U» one darks vista of clouds, only here aad there broken fey a glimpse of sunshine. My masters without exception were enemies to the sublime worship, or, if they did ever practice its rites, it was only in strict seclu sion, and when no disciples were there to see and partake. Too woll do I remember toe nauseous lumps of fat, » he compound by schoolboys known as ' breid-as-i-reape.' the uiilk-and-water tea, which, unlike* the quality of mercy was but too truly strained, the pies in whose recesses lurk-*l tiie ghosts of long-forgotten joints — a dismal resump tion of unsavoury viands. I shnd-ier as I look back on the fearful purgatory -srhich has to be undergone before the epicure's paradise can be attained. Breaks in this dismal period there certainly were. Holi days, when glimpses of the perfect life were vouchsafed to me; hampers, to.-, that opened out sweet glimmerings of a better state to come. Of a lean and hungry habit of body my health could not stand this un willing penance, and on leaving school I was sent to fatten at a farm- house, there to breathe the balmy odours of the connJry, to inhale the health- giving sun-lls of a ' farmyard. The barbarous delicacies of a rurel home sweetened by a lusty appetite, which only ont-door life can bestow, worked wonders on my eorely-tried frame. Here it was that the discovery first dawned on me, which subsequent experience has faith fully confirmed, that I possessed the bon vivant's most prized qualification, the ina bility to grow fat. There tlie blessed truth was revealed to me that henceforth I could saunter through life with a body over fit to receive the delicacies lying in my path. My fanubonse friends did their besf, but when the time came to leave it was with much regret and surprise, in wliLA I out wardly had to join, that I departed as I had come, lean and lanky and long of limb, but well, yea infinitely better qualified, than I was a few months before, to prose cute my culinary researches, to practice my self-c-hoses profession. Looking back on those happy days I recognise now what, in the confidence of youth, I never dreamed of — that the long and patient perseverance needed to create that most perfect specimen of mankind, that summum bon.uin.of human ity, a thoroughly maturpd and experienced epicure. As with most men, there are epochs in my life, days to be marked with a white stone, moments when new and un dreamed-of sensxtions crowded upon me Can I ever forget that day when first I fleshed my teeth m my maiden gooso, when filet my palate formed a lasting friendship with the proud and stately turkey, never so great as when reposing in his osm bro.vn gravy and flanked with the spoils of that animal unclean in the eyes of the Jew, but how lovely and toothsome to the Gentile ? The mere mention of these gustations brings recollections crowding upon me, of lasting attachments formed with the edible products of every clime. Bombay ducks rrom - inaias coral strand,' the glutinous bird-nest soup and sweetly crisp chow-chow from 'far Cathay;' cheeses of varying flavour, Parmesan and Roeiefort, the mel low Stilton, ttie strong-scented Gorgouzola, grnyere in its silver shroud — liqueurs and wines without end, the rich Tokay, the well- prized port of ** 24,' maraschino snug ly nestling in its grassy cradle, the Madeira that twice has seen the Cape, chartreuse that first came into being in the vat of monkisli vi^aor- us ; briar's hf ad (Wo tVc forests of Germany, cauvas-back ducks , and ptarmigans from the far distant waters j and prairies ot America. Why, I could fill j pages with the names alone of my foreign ! friends who so oft have sat on my table, so ! oft soothed my ever-fresh palate. But it is not given to all mankind to be gastronom ers. If the eyes of any such hap to light on this confession they must attribute my silonce to consideration for our less-gifted brethren, and not from any insensibility of taste or ingratitude for pleasures I hare experienced. As yet I have not taken to myself a wife. No woman yet have I found who had penetrated the arcana of the truly happy. Some of niy friends, however, hare mailc the experiment, -with the too rain hope that the lovely creatures whor' had chosen to participate in then- juye would appreciate the new existence opened to their view. Alas ! one and all they have been disappointed. The invidious wiles of matrimony have perverted my oldcoui nasions from their noble aims, and the brotherhood of gastronomers knows than] no more. Their example is a warning to me. If ever I do taiie the fatal step it will only fee because that bal?fal spell called love drags me along, an unwilling victim. I 3kiv-? turned aiy back on the land of cold mutton and fried chops, and never wish to gaze, far less to Ik an mlahibiit of it again. Thus for have I written tny confes sion. Those disagreeable necessities of existence, candid friends I mean, tell me I am a, glutton, utterly selfish, without one hisfii thought or noble ideal. &l;» ! how little they appreciate zne. how uoaWe are they to understand the sublime heights to which tie true epicure raises himself. To the world I give the outpourings of my souL Perchance one or two readers may be fount who can realise the delights I bare experienced, who can feel the joys I have felt, who can recall memories such as I bave cooVed. I£ these lines meet the eye of any such they will not have been written altogether in vain. 