THE EVENING MEETING. In the evening the annual tea and public meetings in connection with the Missionary Society were held. A large number sat down to tea, and at the after meeting, which was presided over by the Chief Justice (Hon. S. J. Way). there was a crowded attendance, v The Chairman said they must all feelat'auelief to turn from commercial failure and-sh»ken con fidence to a cause! in: which jtheres;wa8 no '? room- for feaT or dread of JEasluw or, ot; confidence bei*ig misplaced. He wj,^ gl«i there was such a' crowded and enthusiastic attendance that evening, because it showed that in the interest ti**ey took in mission work they were true to tbe traditions of tha charch with which the^P were connected. He, however, regretted thai/ three missionary meetings were announced for that even ing. _ A gathering was being' held in con nection -with the London soc5sty, and he wished that the Conference eould have attended it in a body to sfeow their appreciatioa of the pioneer work tb.-*ft associa- . tion had done. But then their meeting ws» I arranged twelve months ago, and therefore they could nc& pot it off at a day's notice; He was sorry too- that the Primitive MeShodist missionary meeSujg was being held that even iDg. If in the future they were unable to- tix on different nights in tha course of ttralre months for holding- their gatherings he hoped they would combine and hold one gvtnri : united meeting. If, however, all the tteee- ? gatherings that evening were as enthusiastic as the one be had been called to preside over, good' work would be done- at ea«h, and those wbr : bad the interests of mission work at heart 1 would have no cause to la-meet their being held1 I at one time. An evidence of missi »nary zim j had recently bepn shown by the Viot--rian j 5ible Christian Conference, wm had sent tn^ir j talented preacher, the Rev. Mr. Orchard. t.i I help their brethren in New Zealand. The three most eloquent men be had heard in his life were the Revs. Spurgeon, W. Read, airl Mr. Orchard, and he hoped that after the latter gentleman had finished his work in New Zealand the V.ictorian Conference would treat them as liberally as they had the island olony by sending Mr. Orchard to S-uth Australia for a few months. (Cheers.) Travelling recently from Melbourne to Adelaide overland he had seen a handsome white stone church on a commanding site within thirty mile3 of the South Australian border, and on nearing it lie had been pleased to learn that it w-ts a Bible Christian church. As the railway approached the border of the colony the church extended its operations into the fruitful western districts of the adjoining province. It was therefore .with especial pleasure that he had learned from the reports of the Conference that they had determined that the churches in the south-eastern district phould . not be abandoned. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that such an idea would not be again entertained. The receipts of the mission funds last year had exceeded those of 1884 by £18, and en couraged by that fact they should look around for fresh places to occupy, and not think of m tiring from established positions. The SU. verton mission was one of the most important of their numerous undertakings of late years. The Bible Christians iii common with other Methodist connexions boasted that they were always in the van in home mission work, and he was pleased that in this instance they had been the first in the field. The other denomi nations had followed their example, but there was room for them all, and the Conference had decided to send another minister to engage in the work, and thus hold_ their own There was room in the district for almost unlimited extension, and he hoped that on no account the opportunity would be neglected. He supposed they all read the Advertiser, and would therefore have seen in that morning's issue the report of the sermon by the Very Rev. Dean Russell, B.D., on the failure of the Commercial Bank. In perusing the columns of that journal he had noticed it, as he invariably read any article from the pen of the dean, whom be regarded as one of the most capable moral teachers in the colony, and he was struck by the story contained ia it of the Anglican clergyman, who in speaking of his interest in the Commercial Bank prior to its failure had said :-V If I sell these shares I do it because I have private information ; the buyer bas no such private information. I can not overnight determine to do that which would prevent me from looking my boys in the face in the morning.' These words were an honor to the gentleman who uttered them, and would be long remembered. He th mgb-t they could look into the actions of one of their own denomination, and find an _ example of similar honorable self sacrifice, Mr, W. G. Torr, who had risen to a high position in the Education Department, and had secured one of the most coveted positions it was in the power of the department to con fer, had voluntary offered to surrender the post he held, with its emoluments, and at his own expense devote three or four years of his life to obtain a degree that would place him on a level with the best masters of the colleges of the colony, and for the purpose of taking charge of Way College. (Cheers.) Under such a master their boys would return from school more firmly attached than ever to the church of their fathers, and there would be no lack of young missionaries not only for the distant stations of the colony, but. to go forth to the distant parts of the world. Such an action as Mr. Torr's would not only be appreciated by the present generation, but would be re membered with pleasure so long as the history of the chuich endured. (Cheers. ) The Rev. J. Collins moved— 'That we hereby record our gratitude to God for the many tokens of bis pleasure with which the society has been favored during the past year ; for the help afforded to his servants in time of trial, and for the measure of success with which be has crowned their united labors, and we earnestly pray that in the ensuing year all connected with mission work may receive a large baptism of the Holy Ghost, and mide more abundantly successful in leading men to Christ.' He had been pleased to find that there was a revival of interest in their work and church in the old couLtry. ^Daring his short stay in England he had found that in many districts they were so pressed for room that they had to build larger churches or en large the present ones. In Penzance and Truro they had been compelled to pull down acd rebuild. In Plymouth the denomination still held their old position in Zion street, but they had taken up a position in the newer por tion of the city, and were building there. The home church was setting them a good example, and was perhaps never in a more flourishing condition. (Hear, hear.) The President of the Primitive Methodist District Meeting (Rev. S. Wellington) who at tended as a delegate from the conference of his own church, seconded the_ motion. He pre sented the fraternal greetings of his denomi nation, who wished the Bible Christians God speed, lhe names that their founders had given the various sects might in the course of years fade from men's minds, but the name, of Christ would stand for ever. The objects of tbe mission society were philanthropic and totally unselfish, as they sought by its means to diffuse the gesptl light in less favored centres. Tbe Rev. J. Thorxe said they had heard a great deal about missions to the heathen?, but he thought tbey needed all their young men to evangelise the centre of the colony, which was as much in need of evangelisation in soine parts as China or Africa. Tbe motion was carried unanimously. Over £70 was raised by collection and sub scriptions. 