T>TTfn i (t TTT»T TA n n ± (J I AtSlJ N-|)fl,K - ^ X1 ^JXJiX LADY CASTLEMA IKE'S DIVORCE By BERT^lfe. CLAY, AHMOU'-OF " HIS OSft MISTAKE," «• THROW OS THE W)IU,»," -«sJs MttDGOMS Foil A ntlt a >' HITTER ATOKEMEKT," \- - ETC, FTC, ElO. » ' CHAPTEEXXTX. THE WIFE'S TRUE <3CAilDIAN. Lord Castlemame was just a little punled ; not suspicious, but puzzled, lie had nothing to he suspicious over. He was in , the reading-room of. his club, Jiia face and hesd hidden, by a copy of the ? t/lies', on which he Was of the club, both typll lsnown/toJiiro, canie.in and Bat down close lo .shini, .without perceivicg him.- -They liad "evidently bepn;dee^ly,«aeross(Sa in eanvcrsaUon, nowj'"- There js ttotiiiug.in it,' said one to he otheh ? I knoiv her well. I mp ft.' • 'It isieldofii^'ou find ismbte .without fire,*.said the other. I 3o riot know. I fee)-«or« this is all :suioUe. tony sucti rumors re-'Wrn.^pi^aU.fii^a'day.* Thi? was K|iolcen by 'Sir riarvey Hop^,-iwho-al.« ays took a (night mid hopeful view - cf thiiigs. Colonel Charters, w'ho him, Was a man who took a dark^yTew' of everything^ 'True,' he replied, ' but I think therein generally some cause lor Ihcni. I am sorry in this ..case., tor I have a 'sincere liking for the lady, anil the husband too.' I do nut belieye it,'said Sir IJarrey Hope. I know them both, husband and wife, and 1 drt cot "think there is a happier pair in London." ' 1 must' admit the same thing,' said the dark^nijnJei) Colonel; ' whenever T have se§n them tngetber tbey'liiive seemed most united, most devoied to each other. I was utterly aNtoiishsd.' * But what did you liear,' asked Sit HHI vey, * only foolish 'rinnois ?' 'I heard the same old stury—that he had gone mad over her.' 'Tha^is nut l.er fault,' interposed Sir Harvey. ' She cannot be \ilame<l for that.' * Certainly not, but knowirg the character of the man, she .should not }>ive him the slightest encnnrauement. Wheli he was in EiiMlnnd before there was always some scandal or other aViout.liim.' ' That as not her fault either,' interrupted Sit Harvey. 'True,-but il should make'her caieful/ said'the (J/oloiiel. ' ' Probably, 'beijig young and »n;iccustonied. to . tl)e\xorld;' si)e knows 1 nothing -whatever 61 the evil, sitie of his reputttlioii, ; a ! nd oniy kno«s him as! one ot the bravest officers in England.' ' Then her husband shnulii look after her,*-grumbled the Colonel, 'I. Iiave no patience witli ihe men of to-day ; they sit by, in Nilent ir.aciivit.v", while their wives go strnVht to tuin. Icannot tell what they are intiile of.' 1 This is rather a sweeping assertion,' said Loid Castlernaine, itiying iltiwn . his paper, and looking'both gentlemen in the face. . They- 'coujd not have been more hor'rififcd than if they liail suddenly seen a ghost. Sir Harvey's ruddy face suddenlytiinied pale, iind Gulonei Charteis, in his agitation, almost dropped his cigrtr; but Lord Castlernaine was serenely unconscious ; he had not. the mo^t i emote idea the conversation had been about him ; lie would not have believed it if either of them had sworn it. ' That • is a sweeping assertion,' Charters,' he said ngaiii; ' mid. do you think, quite deserved V ' I~am sorry to say 1 believe it to be perfectly-true, i am amazed at the indifferent, callous fashion in which husbands see young and beautiful wives launched on the very sea of fashion, dissipation, »nd excitement, and make no efluit whatever to help keep them safe. I say that jt amazes me. A husband should be'iheguardian of his wife.' Sir Harvey Hope laughed'; but his laugh was not a bright one. ' 1 do tiol think many wives would like that notion.' he said. Lord Castlernaine remarked : 'I am proud of the reputation the Castlemaiues have always enjoyed, of being good <li(jsba'»ls.'-: : The two gentlemen, looked at each other. Their eyes met, but they spoke no word. . ••• J It woulei be- jndiscie2t/ be continued, 'to ask ef w/iom you were speaking?' Sir Harvey admitted that it would. The Colonel was silent. * I could not help overhearing the conversation,' he said,' it is no matter of mine—no biisine-s whatever oi mine;*mitt' i.fl understandyotf riglitly, rumor is busy with the name of some young and beautiful lady.' .The two. friends 16'uked' at cach otter strangely. Js it/ replied Sir Harvpy. 'That samfe^utiaji dcsciilms himself as going mad about hc», while she is mauled ¥ ' ' Tiue,' nodded (he Colonel He. wished himself YtW away, iind evidently thought the less said the I f Ui't ' lf fihe is married,she hasa huRhand to take cme nf her, I suppose, and to keep nil mm at a distance," said' Lord Casliemniie Both genthm-n nodded, but did not answer. Tlic «ttiation to say the least of it, was pnjiiant and peculiar. 'I should very qmckh- decide what to do in his case, bo he whom he may,' continued Lord Castlemninc- ' If he has dared to speak in that way of any married lady, let her husband take up her defence. There is no need to whisper it in corners. Let bet husband find.a whip with a strong lash -, then let him seek out the. cow.ird who has so spoken of his wife' and lash liiin in : public. One or two such exninpl.,6 would cure such scoundrels of trving to make love to other men's'wives.' ^gain the two gentlemen looked helplessly one at the other. ' 't'hat is the right thing to do,' added Lord Castlemnine. ' To quauel «ith such a mail is to encourage him ; to fight with iiim would lie to dignily hiin. The rigiu thing is to horsewhip him.' * How can you horsewhip a gentleman ?' usked the Colonel, helplessly. ' A gentleman!' repeated U.rU Castletnaine, with infinite scorn. 'We are not speaking o; gentlemen; i Ve are speaking of cowards and traitors, who have no respect for women, mid no respect for the honour of their fellow-men. We do not call such persons 'gentlemen.' J would brand such men, I believe;' and Lord Castlemaiues face shone with a noble light as he spofce. ' I believe in the sanctity of marriage and in the honor of women.' 'A noble lellow,' thought the Colonel; ' but what a situation i' •Cui'ious . things wilj happen,' he said, aloud. 'The world is pretty much what it has always been. The sins of Adam and l£ve", of Cain and Abel, of David and Solomon, are our sins.' ' We may all be sinners,' said Lord C.isilemame, 'that lies between nsand ••urG.id; we may all be at the same time loya 1 and honest men, that lies t>el ween us and our fellow dentures.' Colonel Charteis rose from bis seat and yuwned as politely as possible. Sir Harvey imitated him as quickly. Lord Oastleiiinine wondered why t?ieii inleiebt in the subject died so soon, apd. why they seemed in such a huity to leave. , * I inn going your way,' said Sii Harvey to the Colonel ; ' shall ive go together V The two gentlemen lelt the club together, mm in ai m. ' Of all tbe strange things,' said Sir Iiarvey, solemnly, • That is the strangest. To think that we should have ^one into the* very room nl>e<o he was, have taken seats nt?r him, yet not have noticed it was lie.' And to think thnt within sound ol his own ears we HIIOUIJ liatc discutsed his wife and Colonel Lennox.' ' He lias not tiie l!iin;e>t i lea of whom we were speaking,' said .Sir Harvey. 'Not in the least,' replied the colonel. 'It would not have been a pleasant hour for us if lie had done so, and it would have been harder still for Lennox.' Yes,' said Sir Harvey.'with a grim smile; 'even bis victories in Ziiliilnnd, the Victoria-cross, nnd all the honors lie has received would jtot ha>'e saved him fiom that tt>nu le whip.' '1 wished that 1 teuieuil«ered less,' said Sir Harvey. ' Nothing that we say or do will make the world' any better, said the colonel'again. ' No, unless we begin by reforming ourselves,'said Sir H;iivey. And the prospect see ni-d so remote and so desperate that ciir Haivey, for the time being, looked quite a gloomy man. (To be continued.) 