A Royal Spanish Wedding. Thb fijyjjfiifc.''' ooromonial of royaUioa in (aave an Viierican'papor) always interesting, ana the marriage of tho Infanta Dona Eulalio of Spain to hor cousin, tho Infante Don An onio, son of the Duke of Montspcnsior, at tho Ohapoi Boyal in Madrid, gives actuality to tho text of the marriage office UBod on tho occasion. Tho first question waB addressed to tho bride. 'Tour Highness Dona Mario Eulalio Fran coieo of Bourbon, Infanta of Spain, —Tour Highnoss is awaro that you ara hero to be unitcd'and n arried to hia Higlmeas tho Iufanto Don Antonio Louis Fhillipo Mario of Orloaos and Bourbon, concern iDg which murriago hia Holinee» has re moved tho objections ruiacd on account of parentage of different degree of con sanguinity and other ouubob. It remains now for your Highnoss to say whether you know of any other rcaBon ior whioh this marriage oon tract should not be enterod upon — that is tj say, whether there oxiats between your High ness and the said Infanto Don Antonio Louis Philippe Marie of Orleans any other rolalion ouiji j Huumcr jou uaio given jruur wura iu any other n on 5 whether you havo mado vows of ohastity or religious- pledges ; or whether .you know of any natural obstaclo whioh might oppose the validity of this marriage ; finally whether you contraot tho marriage of your own free will and desire P Tour Highness will de clare this on your faith and' your royal word,' Cardinal Ceferino Gonzalez, Archbishop of Seville, who performed tho coromony, aooom ponied by hiB clergy, gave then tho Bishop's crook into the hands of tho attendant priest, aud snid : ' Tour Highness Dona Maiio Eulalio Francoiae of Bourbon, infanta of Spain — -I request jour Highno-s, and a'ao you, jour Higlinoas Don Antonio Louis Phillipo Marie of Orleans and Bourbon, to toll mo whether you know of any obstaclo why this marriago should or should not be contracted, or why it could not bo valid or legitimate- that is to Biy, you are to make manifest whether you know of any other obstaoliB besides tbo; 0 which, hi* Holineia haB removed ; I maVo thij Bame request to you who aro horo pressnt. For tho second and third timo 1 request you that if you know of any such obstaclo, you are to make it known openly.' Addressing him self again to the biido, the Archbishop con tinued, 'Tour Highness Dona Mario itululib FranijoiBe of Bourbon, Infanta of Spain, will you take for your legilimato husband, as it is commanded by tho Holy Boman Catholic and Apostolic Church, his Highuosj tho Infaute Don Antonio Lours Phillipo Marie of Orleans and Bourbon ? ' Before replying, her Boyal HighncBB kissed the hands of hor parents, and on tho question being repoatod, sho answer, d, 'yes, 1 will.' Then the Archbishop proceeded : * 'Does your Bighness givo. yourself as wife to his Highness the Infante Don Antonio Louis Phillipo Marie of Orleans and Bourbon ?'' To which the brido answered : ' TeB, I givo my self.' The Archbishop continued : ' lJcas your Highness recoivo the said Infante Don Antonio Louie Phillipo Marie of Orleans as your hus band ?' V'Tcs, Ireceivo him,' answers Dona Eulalio. The tame questions were then put to Don Antonio, who replied in tho same way After this tho bride and bridegroom jo'ned their right hands, and. the patriarch, hav ing taken hia crook, said: 'And in tho nsme of tho Almighty, - and the blessed ApostleB Peter and Paul, and the Holy Mother Church, I msrry your Boyal Highness Senora Dona Mario Kulilio, &c; , to your Boyal Highness Senor Don Antonio, &o.; ; and this bond ot marrisge I confirm in tho name of tho Father, the Son, and tho Holy Ghost. Amen!'. The archbishop, with crook end mitre, accompanied by his clergy, ono of whom held the crcss, another the aspergillus, oud a third the plate on which wore arranged the 13 coins which every Spanish woman re ceive on this occasion, together with her wedding ring, commenccd tho boncdiction of the coins. He then blessed the wedding rings, putting ono on the finger o£ Don Antonio, to whom ho elso gave the other, to ba given to the bride. She arohbishop thon threw oome coins to the bridegroom, who threw them to the biido, by whom they wero put back into . the plate. After this, their Hignesscs joined their right hands,' followed the cardinal to the armchairs prepared for them on the altar stair, whero thoy knelt down to hear tho wedding mass, which was thus terminated: 'Now your Highnesses have roceivod the blessings ac cording to_ the customs of the ohurch, the advice I give you is to keop faithful to cash other ; to be chaste in tho time of prayer, and even more chaste during fasts and saints' days. May your Highnesses love each, other as hus band and wife, and may you live iu the fear, of God.' The Cardinal then gave the bride to the bridogroqm, saying, 'I givo her to you for a companion, and not for a servant; may your HighncBB love her as Christ loves Hj'b ohurch.' The benediotion dosed the cere mony. 