WATERLOO CUP MEETING. 14th, 15in and 16th Jult. Patron, his Excellency Sir Henry B. Loch ; president, Sir W. J. Clarke, Bart., M.L.C.; yice-prosidente, H. M'Qaade, A. Smith. "W. K. Thomson ; treasurer, J. M'Culloch ; field stewards, T. Bromell, J. Cookson, L. C. Law- ford, "W. M'Culloch, J. M'Culloch. R. R. Oliver, H. Paltersoa, J L. Reilly, J. B. Scott, J. "VV. Scott, S. Smith, W. Thomson, F. Tilley, J. Wolstenholrne : judge, D. C. Collard 5 slipper, R. G. Banner ; secretory, J. Munday. . Waterloo Cut', for 64 all-ages, at £25 each. » inner, £500 und a pi.ee of plate value 50 guineas presented by ileasrs, Ihihnc ani Luwford; runner up, £200; two dogs, £50 each ; fonr dogs, £30 each; eight (logs, £20 each; sixl'.vn dogs £10 each. J. M'Culloch us r b Red Hind, by Chester— Rosy Fawn, beat S. Smith's ivd Solomon, by Rebellion— Westcrla. , D. Grant ns r wb May flower, by Rebellion— Westcrla, beat A. Bell's bk w d p Salloi Boy, by Mariner— Dohafiow, . B. Hepburn's f vr d p High Thorn— by Capri— Hum ming Bird, beat C. M'Culloch's bk w d Mcrtoun Boy— by Rebellion— Miss Richardson. . H. Frascr ns w t <1 Hani Needle, by Nutlad IL— Eurydlce, beat it. K. Monigomerle ns w bk tk b Sclina, by ltcbelilon— WcsUtIo. : D. fonea's bk w b Querist, by Capri— Qules, beat C. D. Siraker ns f w bMerrle Sherwood, by Monsoon— Gazette. R, Forrester ns f w d Padlock, by Rebellion— Wes terly beat S. Renwlck ns f vr b Query, by Right Idea Dumah'e Joy. If. Chlmsldc's r w b Chime, by Castor— Mint, beat A. Clark ns r «r f w d Ballarat Riot, by Oversman II. — Ballarat Aim. J. E. WUlsmore's w bk d WHUam Henry, by Beacon —Emma, beat J. L. Rclliy'sf vr or w f b p Marigold by Beacon — Lady Jocelyn. W. Surgeon t ns r or f w d Sing Song (late Papilllon), by Chester — Lady Maryborough, beat J. Paulson's r wd Here's Luck, by Tyrant— Fair Water. J. Thomas's bk vr A Tynwald H1U, by Spring — Vic, bent J. Doctor's bk v d p Miller's Boy, by Dusty Miller— Lady Orntond. J. I Saqui's I w U Fnntome Fortnne, by OTcrsmnn If. —Betsy Baker II., beat F. Tilley ns v f d p Leonldas, by Chesterfield— Husyfoot, F. Qulnliran's \r bd <1 Montrose, by Monsoon— Minerva, beat K. L Tooth's f w h Tarnntara, by Sentry Go— Juliet. J. Cookson ns w bk d p Mikado, by Mockangcr— Heather Bell, beat C. Lush ns w Id b p Koxelann, by Kingfisher — Koxano. W. Hurler's w f d Haymaker, by Harrington— Fasci nation, beat J. Mtiudny 11s w bd b Wavelet, by Orersman II.— Waving Water. F. Woodhouso ns w be d Melfort Irvine, by Melfort— .Werribee Shadow, beat 11, Gray's f w b Glitter, by Castor— Mint. H. M'Quadc ns bk w d Monarquc, by My Lord— Clio, beat W. M'Culloch ns f w b Pencil, by Chester ' —Riviere. E. Rowlands ns bk vd Qualifier, by Capri— Qules, beat A II. Collltigs'a r v dp L'onfuslou, by Beacon— Lady Jocelyn. IL Gora'o bk vr d Birthright, by Sentry Go— Crocns, beat S. Willis ns f or r vr b Shcnroo'i Serpent (late Patcnga), by Cluster— Lady Maryborough. W. S. Bellin'a Iw b Pink Row, by Capital— Fasci nation, beat Chas. \V. Bromilaw ns f b Leollnc, by Hopmarkct — Daisy. J. Wolstcnliolmc ns r or I w d Won't, by Beacon- Emma, beat C Fraucls us bk w d Pauic, by Rebellion — Wcsterla. R. Donovan ns r w d Robust, by Chester— Casta XHva, bent J. Quirk ns f w b Heyday, by Sentry Go— Kip. F. Richardson ns w Ik b Sweet Singer (lato Tamlnn), by Rcbdlion— Laily Maryborough, beat J. Hauainun's bd w d Lord Lyon, by 1-clex — Lollie. W. Puterson ns w f d The Last Request, by Castor— Mint, beat A. >mtth ns bk w b Brunhildv, by Fakcu- bom— Fascination. W. Thomson ns f Wd Painstakcr, by Rebellion— Wes- ' teria, beat .A. Baltne ns w bk b Rhudiuthc, by Re bellion — Westcrla. I C. Lawford's bk w b Tsrlllght, by Misterton— Coquette, beat J. 1). WUlsmore's w r d Ovcrsboy, by Oversraan II,— Waving Water.' W. K. Thomson ns r or f d FeltrJm Castle (late Whalebone), by Hopmarkct — Daisy, bunt J. B. Scott's w be d Sutiutrtick, by Aristeus— Stinllowcr. A. J. M'Dosmld us bk w d p Grateful, by Brigadier— Gnowdrop, beat K. M'Quadc us bd w b Thrift, by Enterprise — Ben-y-G)cut. Charles Pearce's f vr b Pleasant Girl, by Dlonyslas D'Kauc — Wee Cash, beat G. C. Symous's bk w b p Sundial, by Chronometer — Squib II. O. Whittlnghr.m'a r or f d Wrekln, by Chester— La Rapliie, beat W. Bailey's bk w d Connlry Boy, by Plough Boy— Cole (.n Gorutn. J. W. D. Robinson's r d Corancamllc, by Chester— Casta Dlvu, beat M, J. IlardimunV w f d Hawk, by Eingfishcr — Real Grit, II. Patterson's wbkb Phillinn, by Rebellion— Wes tcrla, bent J. Whitcoak ns t orrsv d Glendubli, by Orersman II — Uocy Juan. - C. Inman's r d Mongoose, by Bfansoon— Gazette, beat E. M'Kiiiley us r or f v.- b p Sunrise, by Ciuouo- cuctcr — Squib IL II. Red Hind beat Mayflower High Thorn ,, Hard Necdlo Querist „ Pud.cck Chime „ Wllliuin Henry ' Sing Song „ Tynwald Hill Montrtue „ Fantome Fortune Haymaker „ Mikado : Monnrque ,, Melfort Inino Birthright ,, Qualifier Fink Rose „ Won't Robust . „ Sw-.et Singer The Last Roqttctt „ Tnlnstakcr Foltrim Cms .e ,, Twilight Pleaaant „ Gratctu! Wrcklu ,, Corungamlte Mougooie „ Phliliua. HI. Red Hind bent nigh Thorn . Chime „ Querist : Montroso „ Sing Song Monarquo „ ILtyinaker ' . Fink hose „ Blrlnrlght The Lait Request ,, Robust Fleasunt Girl ,, Feltrlm Casllc . Wrekln „ Mongoose. IV. Cblmo beat Red Hind (dr.) Monaiqno „ iiontrosc The Last Request ,, Pfnlc Roso Wreklu „ Pleasant Girl V. Monarquc beat Chime Tbo Last Request Wickln. VI. W. Patterson's ns (F. Ha-ilott's) w f tl The I.nst Re quest, by Castor— Mint, beat II. M'Quiida ns (II. Morti zneris) bk \/ d Monarque, by My Lord— Clio, aud won the Cup. Waterloo Fcrsb, of £215, less 10 percent. 4o» ducted, taken from the Cup stakes, lor the 32 dogs beaten in the first round of the Cup. Winner, £67 second, £27; two dogs. £13 10s. each; lour dogs, £9 each; eight dogs, £4 10s. each. S. Smith's Ivd Solomon, by Rebellion — Wesleria, beat A. Bell's bk w d p Sailor Boy, by hloriucr— Do- hallow. c. M'Culloch's bk w d Mcrtoun Boy, by Rebellion— Miss Richardson, bent R. K, Moutgomcrie ns w bk tk b Sclino, by Rebellion— Wcsterla. C. l3. Straker ns f w b Merrlo Sherwood, by Monsoon —Gazette, a bye. S. Renwlck ns f w b Query, by Right Idea— Dumah's Joy, drawn. A. Clark ns r or f w d Ballarat Riot— by OTcrsman II. —Ballarat Aim, beat J. L Kollly's f worwf bp Mari gold, by Beacon— Lady Jocelyn. J. Hoctor'abk vr d p Miller's Boy, by Dusty Miller— Lady Ormond, beat J. Fatthou's r w d Here's Luck, by Tyrant— Fair Water. R. L. Tooth's f vr b .Tarnntara. by Sentry Go— Juliet, beat F. Tilley ns w f d p Leonldas, by Chester field— Busyfoot. J. Munday ns w bd b Wavelet, by Oversman I!.— Waving Water, beat C. Lash ns vr bd b p Roxclana, by Kingfisher— lloxsns. Hon. W. M'Culloch ns I vr b r:ncl1, by Chester— Rlvlero, beat D. Gray's I w b Glitter, by Castor- Mint. A. II. CoBIngs's r vr d p Confusion, by Beacon— Lady Jocelyn, beat S. Willis ns I or r w b Sherwood ser pent, late Patonga, by Chester— Lady Maryborough. Chns. W. Bromilaw ns f b Leolinc, by iiopmarkvt— Daisy, boat C. Francis ns bk w d Panic, by Rebellion— Westerio, J. Hausman's bd w d Lord Lyon, by Lclex— Lollie, beat J, Quirk ns f w b Heyday, by Sentry Go— Kip. A. Bulme ns vr bk b Rhodanthe, by Rebellion— Westcrla, beat A. Smith ns bk vr b BrunUiide, by Fake n h am— Fascin ati on. J. B. Scott's vr bo d Sunstruck, by Aristcus— Sun flower, beat J. B. Wiilsmore's vr r d Oversboy, by Overs- man IL— Waving Water. F. M'Quadons bd w b Thrift, by Enterprise— Ben-y- Glcnt, best G. C. Symons's bk vr b p bundial, by Chro- nometor— Squib II. ' W. Dal ey's bk vr d p Country Boy, by Plonghboy— Coloon Gorum, a bye: M. J. liardlman's vr f d Hawk, by Kingfisher— Renl Grit, drawn. E. M'Klnlcy ns r or f w b p Sunrise, by Chronometer — squib it., beat J. Whitcoak ns f or r w d Glendubli, by Overs in an 11.— Docy Juan II. Solomon beat Mcrtoun Boy Merrle Sherwood ,, Ballurat Riot Turautora „ Miller's Boy Pencil ,, Wavelet Confusion „ Leolino Rhodanthe ,, Lord Lyon Thrift ,, Sun>truck Country Boy Sunriso HI. Solomon beat Merrle Sherwood Tarnntara „ Pencil Confusion ,, RhodautUe Country Boy „ Thrift. IV. Tarantara beat Solomon Country Boy ., Confusion. V. R, L Tooth's f w b Tarantara, by Sentry Go — Enlist, beatjW. Bsiiev's bk w d p Country Boy, by Plough- boy— Colleen Garum. and won the Purse. Waterloo Plate, of £145, less 10 per cent, de ducted, taken from the lup stokes, for the sixteen dogs beaten in the first ties of the Cup. Winner. £67 10s.; second, £27 ; two dogs, £9 each ; four dogs, £4 10s. cacb. Mr. H. Frascr ns w f d Hard Needle, by Nntl&d; IL— Eurydlce, beat D. Grant ns r \v b Mayflower, by Rebel lion— Westcrla. J. K. WUlsmore's w bk d William Henry, by Beacon —Emma, beat R Forrester ns f vr d Padlockj by Re bellion— Westcrla. J. L Suqui's f vv d Fnntome Fortune, by Oversman II. — Betsy Baker II., beat J. Thomas's bk vv d 'Jynwald 11(11, by bpring — Vic. F. Woouhonse ns wbed Melfort Irvine, by Melfort —Werribee Shadow, beat J. Cookson ns vv bk d p Mikado, by Mockunger — HcaUter Bell. E. Rowland ns bk vr <1 Qualifier, by Capri — Qules, a bye ; J. Wolsteuholmc na r or t vv d Wont, by Beacon —Emma, drawn. W. Thomson ns f vv d Talnstskcr, by Rebellion— Westcrla, beat F. Klchnrdson ns vv bk w Sweet Singer (lato Pamlna), by Rebellion — Lady Maryborough. L. C. Lawford'a bk w b Twilight, by Miatciton— Co quette, beat A. J. M'Donald us bk vv d p Grateful, by Brigadier— Snowdrop. 11\. Patterioirs w bk b PhllUno, by Rebellion— Westeria, beat J. W. D. Robinson's r d Corongamite, by Chester— Casta Diva. IL Hard Necdlo beat William nenry Melfort Irvine ,, Fantome Foriuue Palnstaker „ QuuliA.r I'hilllna „ Twilight. III. HardiNecdio beat Melfort Irvine Fulnstakcr ,, PhilUua. IV. H. Frascr ns M. J. OnrJhnan's vv f d Hard Needle, I y Notlad 1).— Eurydlce. and won the Plata Prior to the draw en Tuesday the usual Waterloo banquet was held at the Union Club Hotel, Collins-stroet. Mr. H. Gore, of Kingston, presided over a party of about seventy, having on hia right Mr. J. Munday, the secretary, and on bis left Mr. W. M'Culloch, M.L.C. Amongst others present were Messrs. Harry Smith, L. C. Lavv- tord, W. Thomson. J. Quirk, T. Bromell, M.L.C., J. M'Cullocn, W. S. Billin (South Aus tralia), \V. Swallow, F. Tilley, J. B. Willsmore, M.J. Ilardixnan, B. Hepburn (Ballarat), J. Bates, G. Mayger, J. Wolsteuholme, Jos. Duflfott, J. L. Iteilly, W. K. Warren, Jas. Baker, J. W. Scott, Cameron, an Knglish visitor, &c.; The only toasts honored were those of Tbo Queeu, The President (bir William Clarke), and Mr. J. Monday, the seerohiry. On the re moval of the cloth the draw was expeditiously proceeded with, the main features associated therewith being the favorable positions ob tained by Bed Hind, Montrose, Mikado, and Pieasaut Girl Merrio Sherwood, Chime, and Marigold were iucluded in the second ."eight" nnd Birthright, Sherwood Ser pent, Leolino and Won't fell together in un comfortable proximity at the head of the bottom thirty-two. It was a coincidence for Pains- taker and Rhodantho to bo again pitted together, the brace being well separated Irom any of the cracks. Wrekln, Country Boy, Hawk, Corangumito, Phillina, Sunrise aud Mongoose presented a tolerably good display of talent in the bottom eight. On tho card Loing read over speculation of a very spirited nature ensued, both on tho individual courses and for tho event straight out The courses which carried most money were Red Hind Venus Solomon Merrlo >hcrwood ,, Querist J'ndtock M Quenr Sim: Song „ Hero s Luck Confusion „ Marigold Birthright „ Sherwood Serpent Leolino „ pink Rose Lord Lyon „ Sweet Singer BrunUUde „ The Last Request Palnstaker „ Rhodantho Twilight ,, Overjboy Cornngamlte „ Hawk Phllilua ,, OlcudublL The following odds regulated the bolting Individual Covjmes. 3 to 1 on Rod Hind v. Noloinou (tk. and wtd.) 3 — I —— Mayflower v. Sailor Boy (tk.) 2—1 — Mertoun Boy r. Hlghthotn (tk.) 10 — 9 — Hard Needle v. Seilna (tk.) 2—1 — Merrle Mierwood v. Querist (tk.) 7—4 Query v. Pad o.k (tk.) 7 — 2 — Chime v. Balhirat Riot (tk.) 5—2 — Mnrigold v. William Henry (tk.) 5 — 4 Sing Song vr. Here' Luck (tk. nnd wtd.) 11—3 Fnntome Fortune v. Leonldas (tk.) 6 — 1 — Montroso t. Tarantara (tk.) 2—1 — Mikado r. Roxclana (tk.) 3 — 2 — Haymaker v. Wavelet (off.) 3 — 2 _ Melfort IrvJoa v. Glitter (off.) G — 4 — Montarque v. Pencil (tk.) 5 — 4 — Confusion t. Qualifier (tk.) 7 — 4 _ Sherwood Serpent v. Birthright (tk.) 2—1 — Lcolinc v. Pink Rose (tk.) 3—j — Won't v. Panic (tk.) 7—2 _ Robust v. Heyday (tk.) 3 — 2 — Lord Lyon . Sweet Singer (tk.) 10 — 9.— Brunhilde v. The Last Bequest (tk.) 10 — 9—— Rhodantho v. Pnlnsiaker (tk.) 5 — 2 — Twilight r. Ovcrsboy (tk.) 3—1 — Feltrlm Costlo v. Sunstruck (tkA 6 — 2 — — Pleasant Girl v. Sundial (tK.) 6 — 2 _ Wrekln r. Country Boy (tk.) 6 — 4 — Corangamlte r. Hawk (tk.) 3 — 2 — Phllilua r. Glendubli (Ik.) 3 — 2 — Mongoose t. Sunriso (tk Long Odds. 1000 to 100 agst. Red Uind( k.) 1000 — 60 — — Montroso (tk.) 1000 — 70 Sherwood Serpent (tk.) 1000 — 4O Tnlostakcr (tk. and cff.) 1000 — 4O Sing Song (tk. and wtd.) 1000 — 4O — — Chime (tk. and off.) 1000 — 34 Won't (tk ) 1000 — 30 — — Merrle Sherwood (off.) 1000 — 30 — - Birthright (Ik.) 1000 — 30 Lcollne (tk.) 1000 — 30 — Rhodantltc (tk.) 1000 — 30 — Twilight (tk.) 1C00 — 30 Wrekln (tk.) 1000 — 30 Mongoose (tk.) 1090 — 25 — Robust (tk.) 1000 —' 20 — Here's Luck (tk. and off.) 1000 — 20 — Confusion (off.) 1000 — 20 — - Brunhilde (tk.) 10:0 — 20 Feltrlm Castle (tk.) 1000 — 18 Query (tk. and off.j> 1000 — 18 Pink Rose (tk.) 1000 — 16 Phillina (tk ) 1000 — 15 Lord Lyon (tk.) 1000 — 14 Mikado (tk.) 1000 — 14 — Marigold (tk. and off.) 1000 — 14 Fantonio Fortune (tk.; 1000 — 10 Hawk (tk.) 1COO — 10 Overs boy (tk.) 1000 — 10 Sweet Singer (tk. 1000 — 10 — — Corangamitc (tk.) 1000 — 10 Pencil (tk.) 1000 — 10 Glendubli (tk.) 1000 — 10 — Leonldas (tk.) 1000 — 10 — Padlock (tk. and off.) 1000 — 10 — — Haymaker (off.) 1000 — 10 — Wavelet (tk.) 1003 — 10 Pencil (tk.) 1000— 10 — Pleasant GlrP (Hi.; 1000 — 10 - - Solomon (tk.) 1000 — 10 Grateful (off.) 10 JO — 10 — Mcrtoun Bov (off.; 1000 — 10 Sunrise (off.) 1000 — 10 Seilna (off.) 1000 — 10 H»rd Needle (tie.) 1000 — 10 Querist (tk. and off.) 1000 — 10 Monarquo (tk.) 1000 — 10 Qualifier (off.)- 1000 — 10 The Last Request (tk.) 1000 — 8 — Melfort Irvino (tk.) IOjO — 8 — William Henry (tkj 1000 — 6 Thrift (tk.) 1090 — 8 — Mayflower (tk.) 1090 — 6 — Roxclana (off.) 1000 — 4 Sailor Boy (off.) 1000 — 4 High .Thorn (off.) 1000 — 4 Ballarat Riot (off.) 1000 — 4 Tynwald Hill (tk.) 1000 — 4 Tarantara (tk.) 1000 — 4 GUttcr (tk.) 1000 — 4 — Sunstruck (tk.) 1000 — 4 — Sundial (off.) 1000 — 4 Country Boy (tk.) 1000 — 2 — Punic (tk.) 1000 — 2 Miller's Boy (tk.) FmsT Day, Wednesday, 14m Joey. Tlio fourteenth anniversary of the Waterloo Cup, under tho auspices of the Victoria Cour sing Club, was celebrated at the Oval, Diggers' Rest, on July 14, wheu the competition for the blue ribbon of the leasb was commencod under circumstances which were certainly far more favorable than was auticipitcd, in consequence of tho long continued dry weathor which has been experienced of late. Owing to the recent want of rain at Diggers' Rest, it was at first thought that no other course would bo loft open for the executivo of tho V.C.C. but to lot the meeting stand over until a change took place in the weather, but, fortunately for those who were interested in tho ivmnen, tho rain put in an appearance at the eleventh hour, and, although the Oval did not receive such a soaking as the owners of the compoting greyhounds would have desired, the turf was in oapilal order, and proved excellent going. With one or two ex ceptions, the hares ran very stoutly and af forded rare trials, nearly the whole of tho courses boing of tho most legitimato descrip tion, tho hares, in tho majority, of instances, proving too good for their pursuers, and fur nishing some capital racing spins. Vory few kills wore in consequence effected during tho day. A better day's sport than that witnessed on Wednesday could not havo been desired, tho trials, which on tho whole were of an interesting character, causing a con siderable amount of interest, whilst specu lation on tbe individual courses and long odds was freely indulged in. Although tho attend ance was not quite as largo as at tho last anni versary, this fact may bo accounted for owiug to tho threatening appcarace of affairs at early moru. Notwithstanding tho uninviting charac ter of tho weather as tho time drow near for the starting of the special trains, tbe Spcncer- street railway station presented a lively scene, and two heavily laden trains wero required to convey visitors to.the trysting spot. Shortly after leaving the metropolis the appearance of tho sun made matters cheerful. On several occasions during tho progress of the Bport it seemed as if tho rain would iuterfero with the day's outiiig, hut fortunately the weather, with the exception of one slight drizzle of rain, re mained finobutthreatoning throughout tho day. Intercolonial visitors mustered in fair force, whilst the proceedings wero graced by tbe prcsenco of a number of tho fair sex, who evinced a lively interest in tho proceedings. Not the least important feature of tho meeting was tho successful manner in which matters in connection therewith were carried out by Mr. Mundav, the seorotary. Tho catering arrange ments, in the hands of Mr. C. D. Struker, weie also satisfactorily conducted. It may be men tioned that although operations did not com mence until after cloven o'clock the trials wero disposed of with unusual expedition, the forty- eight courses necessary to go twice through the Cup card being run off shortly after half- past three, when a return was made home wards. Little or no delay was experienced in starting the trains, which wero under tho con trol of Iinqroctor Bell, and although a vexatious stoppage was occasioned on tho return jour ney between North Melbourne and Spencer- street, town was reaobed in excellent time. Tho Intercolonial olomont infused into the contest contributed much to the interest centred in this' year's Cup, New South Voles being represented by Monurque, Thrift, Taran tara and Leolino; South Australia by Red Hind, Pink Rose, Brunhilde and Pleasant Girl ; and Tasmania by Seliua. Tho result of tbo day's affairs showed tho elder colony to claim Monarquo amongst the sixteen "survivors, whilst South Australia fared better with Red Hind, Pleasant Girl and Pink Rose. The open ing round ' proved disastrous to several pro minent favorites, notably Sherwood Serpent, Merrio Sherwood, Looline, Rhodantho, Con fusion and Marigold, on each of which odds wero laid. The defeats of Mertoun Boy, Query and Lord Lyon aUo occasioned disappoint ment. In tho second round, tho down fall of Painstakor, Hard Needle and Twilight brought further grief to the layors of odds, and tho day's transactions on tho whole were considerably in favor of the fielders. The fact of Red Hind, Montrose, Sing Song, Chime Birthright, Robust, W'rokiu and Mongooso re maining in omens unfavorably for the ultimate safety of the most Influential books opened on the event right out. albeit tbo fact of High Thorn, a 1000 to 4 chanco, The Last Request, Querist, Pleasant Girl, Huyiuakcr, eaoh quotod at 1000 to 10 ou tho night of tho draw, boing included in tho sixteen winners of two courses does not altogether destroy tho hope of an out- eider eventually coming to tho front. Perhaps tho most notablo feature of tho ruuniug was tho sad havoo committed in tho ranks of tho puppies, euoh youthful 'luminaries as thV J?£'by innr Won'c. Country Boy and William Honry boing numbered amongst the slain ; atw> wfArmnra Hka Marl. gold, Mikado, Mcrtoun Boy, Sailor Boy, Loonidns, Sunstruck, Hawk, and Sunrise. It will thus bo gathered that tho elder cont ingent displayed marked superiority over tho junior division, of which Querist and High Thorn are tho only surviving representatives. Tho last named showod a rare dash of foot in each of his courses, and was sufficiently fortunate in having his appetite whetted with a couplo of kills. Querist also acquitted herself meri toriously for a puppy, aud upsot a great pot in Merrio Sherwood. Molroaos kennel was in irresistible form with Red Hiud, Chime, Pleasant Girl, Pink Rose and Robust, and there are more unlikely things than that tho Essou- don traiuer will score bis third consecutive Waterloo victory. C. Ellis, of Ballarat, was also to tho fore with Montrose, Queriat aud High Thorn. The first named caused his friends some anxiety by tho style in which be was harassed by Tarantara in the run up, but all doubt was dispelled as tho West Bourko Plato hero closed with bis same, which ho bandied Jiko an artist, allowing tbe New South Welshmau nothing save the kill. Tho veterans Sing Song, Robust and Wrekin performed ex ceptionally well; neither could any fault bo found with tho mauuer in which Mongoose, Tho Last Request, Piuk Rose, Chimo and Monarquo acquitted themselves. When at closo quarters Chimo appeared to score with more artistic ability thau any other competitor, her performance agaiust William Henry being unsurpassed duriug tho day. Tho Sydney representative, Monarquc, although hia 6tyle is not of a fascinating description, showed heaps of pace, and was always, on scoring terms with his game. The two outsiders of tho party were Haymaker and Feltrim Cattle, whose form was only moderate. Birthright was deemed uncommonly lucky in securing tho Jiat from Sherwood Serpent, who seemed justly entitled to the course. This was the only mis take mado by Mr. Collard, who is in all other re spects to bo complimented on his decisions. Banner was aloe up to his customary form with tbo'slips. Red Hind opened with a decisive victory over Solomon, who never once raised the hopes of his friends. The South Australian bitch scarcely displayed tho same brilliancy as of old in the raco to tbe hare, but she was all at homo when on terms with her game, and wound up with characteristic gameness. Mayflower mado a hollow example of tho Western district repre sentative, Sailor Boy. High Thorn surprised tho layers of odds by takiog a commanding lead of Mcrtoun Boy, who was a triflo the cleverer, but tho suporior pace of Mr. Hepburn's puppy pulled bim through a near thing. Hard Need to got off lightly in a short course with Selina, who was given very little opportunity of avert ing defeat, the hare being chopped off the first turn. Querist upset a warm favorite in Merrle Sherwood, who was left without an effort after the puppy deprived her of the opening point. Auotber favorite encountered defeat in Query, who at one time looked like wipiug out tho meritorious open ing poiuis recorded by Padlock, but the la»t named camo gamely at the fiuish, and pulled through a clover winner of a distressing trial. It was evident that tbo heavy work of the present fioasou bad deprived Query of much of her former fire. It wa6 an unsatisfactory race to tho hare between Ballarat Riot aud Chime, the last named having all tho best of the luck after both had been alternately un sighted. Marigold unexpectedly struck her colors to William Henry, who showed immense superiority of pace, with a demon of a hare, who proved too good to bo punished. The' heavy wagering which had taken placo on the previous evening attached unusual interest to tho course between Sing Song and Here's Luck. The last named struggled fairly well for a couplo of hundred yards, but failing to persevere lie cut it, aud look no part against Mr. Scott's dog, who executed a fine performar.ee. Of two duffers Tynwald Hill proved his superiority over Miller's Bov,' who showed himself a very indifferent animal. Tho con summate c.v3e with which Fautomo Fortune outpaced Lt-onidas dispelled nil errone ous ideas advanced respecting the calibre of tho Chesterfield puppy, whose form proved below mediocrity. Tarantara struggled unex pectedly alongside Montrose duriug the greater part of the run up, but tho favorite shot out on approaching tho hare, nnd alter that tho issue was never iu doubt, the Sydney dog being only permitted tbo barren merit of a cross kill. Tarantara ran against tho judge's horse after ho had been worsted for the few opening points, but tho affair happened at a tiino when his de feat appeared complete. Taken all round, Montrose's performance was of a highlv finished character. Roxelana was at a marked disad vantage when opposed to Mikado, who, how ever, could do but little iii the 'way of harass ing a strong hare. Haymaker's fine turn of speed enabled him to run all over Wavelet, who had very slight chanceof averting dofcat with a weak hare. Melfort Irvine fairly towered over Glitter for pace, and Monarquo made short work of Pencil, who put herself out of course by. killing at tho first opportunity. It took Confusion all his time to get up in advance of Qualifier, and once puss deviated the first- named was compelled to toko a back seat, tbe Bowling Forest puppy fairly wearing him down iu tho rest of tho course to covert ; and Birth right led Sherwood Serpent a length, but he ap peared to bo decisively beaten on racing past for tho concluding drive to covert, though the )udgo's Jiat was in his favor. This appeared to be a very faulty decision. Pink ltcso caused 6urprieo by her effoctual overthrow ol Leolino, who ran with that loosener frequently charac teristic of bottled up candidates. Won't die- played marked superiority of pace over Panic, but ho was so badly disappointed on the hare jerking back that tho black found a wide opening, of which ho readily availed himself, until Won't dispelled all doubt by once more showing speed in a concluding stretch to covert. Robust had too much paco for Heyday who attempted all sorts of taoiica when she fouud herself overmatched. Lord Lyon re fused to extend himeolf alongside Sweet Dinger, tho veteran running a waiting race from first to Inst. Sweet Singer wound tin with one of .tho oloverest kills of tho day. The Last Request cloared right out from Brunhilde, who went down absolutely pointless, thus prov ing bursal: considerably overrated, Painstakor easily avenged hia last year's defeat over his famous finler Rhodantho, who was but a faint shadow of nor former self, and was fairly over matched trom beginning to tho end of a tine tpi'i to tho top of tho cuelosure. Twilight en countered a very fceblo opponent in Overs- hoy, who ran liko a novice, and is evidently deficient m experience. Feltrim Castle had tho foot of Sunstruck, nnd tho haro suiting hiiu ho was enabled to score a comparatively east triumph— alboit had not so much time wasted in getting to tho hare it is quite p. sible that buustruok would have turned the tobies ou Lis more speedy oppouent, who showed himself tbo less cleverer of tho two in tho little work that onsued at tho finish of the trial. Thrift went with all her former fire for a few opening points, but she afterwards stood 3S.1 i 1D juflfc t0 lat0 t0 ,nfl«ence tho decwiou her favor. The Terdlct was not in accordanco with the views of Thrift's trainer, who requested an explanation. To closo observers of the courso tbo decision ap- pearod to be justified. Wrekin had too much Bpeed for Couutry Bo y, and the veteran Coran- gamito fairly smothered Hawk for h1„ tho last named evincing a lack of c' rhillinaaud Glentfiibb ran otjo of tho bot co6 tested courses of the day, and so closely w tho points balanced that it appeared nnvim.!? race until Mr. Collard declared for PhdlinV Mongoose's splendid commencement at or time seomed'imporillcd by tho cleverness o\l bited by". Sunrise, but tlio Monsoon dog 0(t' : ing ft second wind, camo' gallantly at i?I finish, aud there could scarcely he any doubt «i- to tho verdict when Sunriso mado a im»s«. larly brilliant kill.- In tho second round 'Rod Hind cclipa u previous effort by a remarkably gecj t crfor manco against May Flower, who failed tV paco with her kennel associato in the run im albeit sho far from disgraced herself in tb0 ceediug work. Tho winner again finished lit- j tho extraordinary stayer she invaria j- proves herself. High Thorn got off S a very short spin when oppose! i Hani Noedle, who was quickly clorin" wi-h tho .Ballarat puppy when the iattor knocked over a weak hare. Querist did not admit of much assistance from Padlock, who wca- down badly beaten in a racing go to tho horre Chime placed a noticeable gap between heVsr-li and William Henry, and executed oneoi'iho most finished performances of tho day ju Chirnsido's bitch fairly excelling uersclf. '.Sin Song also distinguished himself in his 'fco-id spin with Tynwald Hill, who was vastly ovtr. matched, and offered no interference 'to tbo Chester dog, who was never previously j-eo-i to such advantage. Montrose again mainlined his reputation by tbe one-sided style in wlroh he silenced Fantomo Fortuno, the trial beinz splendidly run iu every respoct, Althou-h Haymaker had the foot of Mikado, the ban favored him into the bargain, and lame as he was, ho scored a fortunate victory over the Western district dog. Monarquc .'us. posed of Melfort Irvino without inconvenicjrN slicking very oloso to his gamu tn roj ,v t ! covert, and finishing liko a stayer. Birthrrht was luckv in meeting with a weak hare, whi b he picked up off the first turn. The trial wis somewhat unsatisfactory for the Jc-er iij?. muoh as he was in the load when the haro circled to his opponent. Coutrarv to exjc u- lion, Won't was led a clear length by I'M Ro3e, who maintained her position admiral iv and took tho full advantago of a stumble on thJ part of Won't. Robust went with all his qM dash when pitted agaiust Sweet Singer, the haro being of a sort that admirably suited his turn of speed. The Last Request rendenj another exhibition of pace when opj ,,;id jo Painstakor, and ho had tho good fortune to meet with a wretch of a hare, which he qtii?kly knocked over. This was a lucky get off f.»r th-j winner. Feltrim Castle's victory over Twilight was a very slovenly affair, tho winner Miowin? two paces at various parts of the course. Pleasant Girl again shaped creditably against Gratoful ; and Coraugnmito was a triflo uniu, i;y in being unsighted, but it was plain that Wrekin was his superior, when th y joined i?sue. Mongoose's victory over Phillina una very pronounced, tho Monsoon dog showing evident signs of returning to his Derby form. Subjoined is a resume of tho running : — Watciiloo Grp.— First Koumi: Rod IUnd Lut Solomon. Belting; 3 to J on Red lllnd. R- Ult l Inr.ndlak-ly t.rew dear of Solomon, tui on ncurliu- r: j hiuc the lus»t n»mcd decreased the gnp to two RtM Hind ke|ii hrr place for the pceimil, mul raulcJ Li fcur more drives before favoring the white eoll.-.r wt;i responded with two feeble wrenches, when siriigglcd gamely past on tho outside, and only Solomon one exchange In a grand trial to coru t. Mayflower beat Sailor llor. Betting : ? to 1 on Mr. flower. Majli.m er led twelve lengths, :iml takhse \U hare all to ht-r-clf heat Sailor Boy, nh,olu!e>y i v. Iiluh Thorn bent Hcrtonn Boy. Belting: 2 to I on Mertoun Boy. After racing neck and nec.t forSOvj-K High Thorn drew out six lengths for the turn 1 once nnd then placed the black, who held U> gw;i ;&r; three pretty points. Kqmd cxchnnges foiluw.."!, v.n High Tl-orn stumbled, again well p ae ng Mutoen Lor. who killed, nnd lost n near thing. Hard Needle Boa; Selina. Betting! 10 to 9 on Hard Needle. il.Kd Needle coon stretched away from K'.in-t, but on Rearing the hare lire latter decreased the cup is two lengths. Swinging woll round with his gsnu-. tl:o Necdlo picked up a weak hurc at the first time of a-klr.., tlius achieving an easy victory over the 'i'asuuriia bitch Querist bent Merrle Sherwood. Betting: 2 to 1 en Mvrile Sherwood. Querist got up first by a bare l.ncth ufa-r a splendid struggle, nnd running with iriLiu.iLj cleverness she defeated Merrle Sherwood pomilcst lc tine trial to the top. Padlock beat Query. Betting: 7 to 4 on Qairr. Padlock led Query four lengths for the tmn. himself cleverly f.»r «he second, went on for two nict wrenches, and then ptneed Query, who HMpom'.rd with Itv: t:lUng drives, exchanged once, then went o:t tors grand sequence; but Padlock, coining sgahi, to jk Mi own part at the finish, nnd had won u close thing when puss escaped. Chime boat Pallar.it Riot. Betting : 7 to 2 on fMm?. Chime and ll.illarat Riot wero Hltcrnutely un-iJuc t, and, after going about 209 yards, Chime drew un: ani got up lx lengths in advance for six cnusecutivi ihnvj b fore tho h«rc cscup.d, llntlurat Riot m rar Linj fnv-red with an opportunity 01 overt Ing detest. William llcnry bwt Murlgotd. Betting : 5 to 2 Marigold. WillLim Henry lucrcassd his lead to adez ft lengtns (or a dcflulio turu, /uid then plnccU the hciolm', who taiicl to scoro before the hnio tscij'vJ Slug boug beat Here's Luck. Belting: 5 to 4 o j.-ia; Song, After r gnat struggle for 203 yuid Shu drew out six lengths for the first point, when he no oss with rcmarkablo cleverness for tha repcutlng t»c L Ick for tho Uiird drove to covc.l as o challenged winner. Tynwald lilll b.«t M IUcPa Boy. Betting; 3 f-> 2 en Tyiitnld H:1L Tynwald HIU got up two Icneths fc» the turn and, malntnnlug hiposition, as j>u-> oams buck hu went on in solo pojsvsston, never j»:nnlrt his opponent u solitary point prior to tha lure rnaMn.' gwl her escape. This was a very one sJJvd Fantomo Fortuno beat Leonldas. Belling : 11 to 3 on Fantomo Fortune, l'antumo Fortune nnd Lentil Lt went very wide from the slips, but on Hearing t!:< Urj the former showed iu advance aud made tha turn duvJ clear lengths in front of tho Western ciisttic: puppy, win ran a heaieu greyhound from first u J/.»t racing tr ul, merely exchanging once prior to j»a> l»- d ug her pursuers farewell. Montrose best Tanuitara, Betting; 5 to 1 on Sio trosc, Tarantara and Montron raced neck osd r.ui for 300 yards, when the favur.to drew out two lergtu» sent the hare round und placing himself fur the: n.-ri went on for a splendid sequence, never Icarta; i-6 Issue In duubt up to tho time ho placed tho New Nondi Wale representative for a cioss kill This wjjsury ouu sided performance. At a time when Taranuu'l cuss wa» u hopeless on«\ she cannoned agaiust ju 'go's horse, but the contrttemjii could have cu cflvri 011 her chance of winning. Allkado beat ffoxchmn. Belling: 2 to 1 on Jhksdo Although RmxoIuui changod sides, she was ltd lengths for the Ilist turn, Mlkuihi, continuing 10 ><riJ the lead with a racing hare, never allowed his aJverMit to scoro, Huxotaim throwing up her head just bvfuro hare got houic. Hu) maker bent Wavelet. Betting: 3 to 2 on Hay- inukur. Haymaker was flvo lengths fustcr t an let (or threo we»k wrenches, when he exchanged oncx'i uicicby placing Wavelet, who fl.cked the h.ue prier w Haymaker cutting across for the death. Lviuo beat Glitter. Betting: 3 to 2 oa Melfort Irvine, llulfort Irriuu placed a gap of 5 length U-twycu himself and G Uttvr, andbclug well au icJ a racing hare, the blue went on fur three very prima before favoring Mr. Gray's bitch, who fsdid w get on scoring tenni pieviyua to the liotc reaches home, Monarquo beat Pencil, Betting : 5 to 4 on ilor.srqK- Monarquc led i'viicll six lengths, uud put iu fire ft" 4,1 rtry dcclslvo strokes before sending the hate lojn it® JVncll. who destroyed her chance by killing at the cr>. time of asking. Qualifier beat Confusloo. Bolting ; 5 to 4 on Cor.ffl Mod, Confusion led a length after a cloo atrucs-' lulling, however, to keep his place as puss sv.vrvtJ, 1:9 iwllnqulshcd possession lu favor cf the black, who ";:r< than held his own in a succession of racing stretches only giving Confusiou onq excUauue In u fine open trial to tho top. 0 Birthright beat She rwood S«nicnt. Bitting : 7 w f on bherwood fk.rio.-ne. Birthright led a bare has"3 the lum, but losing Ids place as tho hare brake bscj wherwood Serpent vent en for a croud zoavnes m-erlous to exchanging once. IUring the hill altc lamented licr score with a lew neat points ami at- ff S?shc tired at the finish, permitting Birthright to SJeMst for the concluding point, Mr. bcotta-bitch ap- r £?i to have lots In baud when tho hare got away. Sf. .Sclalon, however, was otherwise. Ank llJieU- at Luollne. Betting : 2 to I on Loollnc. nli Poso led Lcollno two lengths for four nn«rt Mrcs when sh© gare tho New South Wales bitch a imnce of which sho failed to Ink© Advantage, Pink ncftin tiiidlRff up cluvcrly on the Inside, rattled In three more strokes beforo ptnclng Lcollno for tho dcatlk Lh«, Wll8 r very easy victory. Won't beat Panic, belting: 3 to 1 on Won't. Won't fretrheil away a dozen lengths In advance of Panic, in t making a wide sweep as tho hare jerked back, ho vftnn open Held for Panic, who put In a few weak wrenches, when Won't struggled up on lite oulsldo, mid showing superior pace In a flunt stretch to covert, ih -rc wasnodoubt as to which flag would go tip. Robust beat Heyday. Betting : 7 to 2 on Robust Robust cleared hhnself or Heyday, and maintaining the ndvantago. he got up two lengths for four faint drives, and then left an opening, of which Heyday availed himself for a couple of drives, but na Robust held hb own In a few exchanges which ensued to covert. his victory was assured when puss reached the plantation. t Sweet S!n&crb;:at Lord Lyon. Betting: 3 to 2 on Lord Lyon, sweet Singer cleared herself of Lord Lyon far tire first turn, and she continued to persevere much ©ore honcjtly than tho veteran, who, however, took his own p irt at tho last, but was Iota to Uio bad when Sweet Singer cut across for n clever kill. The Last Request beat Drunhilde. netting: 10 to 9 on Hnmhlldc. The South Australian bitch never scored against llit! Lost Request, who displayed n tine tarn of speed, and maintained clever possession of a racing iiare route to the (op of the ground. . l'uinstaser bent Rhodantlie. Betting: 10 to 0 on Rbodanthc. Khodnnths was led tvro lengths by Pains taker, who led off vrlth ft couplo before favoring his sister. A few merry exchanges ensued, when the old bilch began to lack her accustomed cfflcluticy, and, re fusing to persevere, bhc wus fairly overmatched nt all points of a rattling trial In the wako of a grand hare, who saved her scut Twilight bent ovcrsboy. Betting: 5 to 2 on Twilight. Oversboveut a very indifferent figure in tno rear of Twilight, who spun round him at ail pnrts of o good trial to tho boundary fence. Feltrlm Castle bent Sunstruck. Retting: 3 to 1 on Feltrlm Cast'e. Feltrlm Castle led Sunstruck five length! for « succession of feeble drives until ncaring the rise, when he sent puss round to Uic whlto and blue, who Instantly became busy, and although he pultod the lute down lo stylo on the verge of covert hu was points to the had. Grateful bent Thrift. Betting: 2 to X on Thrift. Thrift pluced a gap of at least five lengths between her self and Grateful in a long race to the hare. Wheeling well round on the scut she went nlteud for a couple of weak points and then placed Grateful, who responded freely ami exchanging ouce near covert it was n clever victmy for Grateful when the hare escaped. Pleasant Girl beat Sunib'nl. Betting: 5 (o 2 on Tleasnnt Girl, Sundlul only scored onco by favor agninst Pleasant Girl iu a fine open spin to the top of the ground,, the South .Aih:raLuu bitch running with all her former brilliancy. Wrckln beut Countiy Roy. Betting: 5 to 2 on Wrekln. W ckiu led Country Boy 3 lengths and ex changed oocc, after which Wrckiu went ho ne in undis puted coinutund, and never permitted tho Ballarat dog to have any further suy In the cou>& Corangamitc b-at Itnwk. Betting: 6 to 4 on Coranga- xnite. CorunguiiUto led Hawk 5 lengths, ami going with nil his prlsthio fire he never once left the acur, urlring determinedly ull the way to (hu fence. Phllllna beat Ulcndubli. Betting : 3 to 2 on Phllllnn. rhllllnn elenred out three lengths in advance of Glen- dubh, nud steadying herself as puss jerked back she rattled In a couple, and then left an opening, which Glcndubh turned to good account, nud scored lour con secutive points leforo letting in I'hlUina who lost the plnco at tho ucxt attempt. Tho remainder of (lie course was equally contested, but so close was the hstu that tfio verdict was In doubt until tho red handkerchief notified tho victory for Phillimu Mongoose bent Sunrise. Betting: 3 to 2 on Mon goose. Mongoose led four lengths for n vcrv meri torious commencement. Sunrise ultimately becoming placed responded with somo valuable points, but Mon goose more than held his own'towards the finish, uud n splendid kill oa tho part of Suuriae left tho bitch in a small minority. Sscond Rocxd. Tfaxl Hind treat Mayflower. Betting : 4 to 1 on Red lllnd. lied Hind led a length and n half up to the hare, when she favored JUy flower /or the next. Another exchange ensued, then Red Hind flecked and again placed her opponent, who could gain no advantage during the romnlmler of a fino give ntid take exhibition to the boundary /once, where Red Hind wound up with a raco paaL This was a fine performance. High '1 horn boat Hard Needle. Betting: 2 1 toon Hard Needle, high Thom led Hard Needle from slips, but on ncarlng tho hare tho last named decreased the gap, and thoro was scarcely daylight between them : Mr. Hepburn's puppy wheeled cleverly round on tho line of a weak hare, which ho captured at tho first time of asking. Tills was a lucky win for the victor. Querbt beat Padlock. Betting: 2 to 1 on Querist. Querist reached tho lure three clear lengths in udvunco of Padlock, mid although she lost her place in making the second drive her extra pace served her for two more, And after an exchange shu.took solo possession and drove home the easiest of winners. Clilmo bent William Henry, Betting: 2 to 1 on Ciiimo. Chime led M'lilbuii Henry ton lengths, and settling down with extraordinary cleverness site took the linro t« herself for a acrlvs of brilliant points, never relinquishing commmd until ncarlng the fence, where William llcnry became placed for a few Insignificant drlres. This was one of tho best performances of tho day, .Sing Song beat Tynwald Hill. Betting: 3 to I on Sing Song. Tynwald Hill never had u ghost of a chance with Sing Song, who led him six lengths and was always within scoring distance of his gutno up to the time puss escaped. Sing Song utver appeared to greater advautngc. Montrose beat Kantomo Fortune. Betting : 3 to 1 on Montrose, Montrose grudually cleared hhiuolf of Fan- tome Fortune In a long race to tho hare, and was threo clear lengths to the good for tho turn ; on making puss deviate at the second Attempt, he acnt her sharply round, and serving himself again he drove to covert an unchallenged winner. Haymaker beat Mikado. Retting : 2 to 1 on Hay maker. Haymaker was three lengths faster than Mikado, who became well petitioned as the hero broke, but puss Immediately again went to tho Harrington dog who, persistently favored, had won nn average trial when the Hoy Hall Cup winner sent tho hare over for him to kill, Mouatqtio beat Melfort Irvine. Retting: 3 to lou Monarque. Molfort Irvine only scored ono point by fuvor ngalmt Monarque, who handled a fait Intro In faultless faflflon, and finished In good form. Birthright beat Qualifier. Betting: 3 to I on Birth right. birthright and Qualifier went very wide from Hip, tho former apparently being unsighted. Tho hare circling In Ids-favor, he was enabled to get up first, nnd made short work of lib opponent by killing at tho first attempt. Tltb was n very unfortunate trial for the loser, who had uo opportunity of ftvcrthigdcfcat. rnk Rose beat Won't. Betting : 2 to 1 on Pink Rose. Pink Horn led Won't a length for the tun:, when tho horn shifted to the latter, who responded with throe pretty sUoKta, then stumbled In attempting to kill, and took no further part against tho South Australian bitch, who had a snfo innjorlty when tho hare got nway. Robust bent Sweet Singer. Hotting : 7 to 4 on Robust, Although the hare c'rclcd from him. Robust get up with a two lengths' lead of Sweet Singer, and driving puss In front of lihu with lib usual determina tion, hereon had n long account tohh credit. Although he tired slightly at the finish, put milting Sweet Singer lo race past, lie had a balance Jn hand when the hare got nway. Tho but Rcque»t boat Palnstnkcr. Rotting: 3 to 1 on 1'ahiatakcr. Tho Last Request led I'ainMriccr four lengths for ihreo riiarp drives, exchanged once, And then knocked over a weak hare without ccr.inouy, Kdtrim Castle beat Twilight. Betting: 3 to 2 on fwRight. Fuhrim Castle stretched past on ncarlng tho Wi'1 u?l. risttle-I (n a couple of uleo points tucommcnco with. Twilight then found uu opening, which she turned to goo! account, and holding Iter own in the subsequent work, nothing but u wondcrfullyclcvcr pick up ou the part of Feltrlm C&stlo; saved him from defeat. Pleasant Girl beat Grateful. Retting: 4 to Ion I'lca 'r'' t'riricful held uu lo X'faasant Girl for about 200 yards, when the Instimmcd forged ahead, and In creased her lead to six lengths at tho turn. Sweeping well round she served hersolf for the second, and ureln- tuuiing her superiority, sho hold possession to tho verge of covert, where she effected a neat kill. '.WreMn beat Corangamitc. Betting: 2 to 1 un vu'Cklu. Wrckiu and CorangamUo went wJdo from ahp>. tho haro favoring tho former, who got up eight lengths in advances. After making a braco ho placed the wlritc collar, who retaliated twice beforo cxcluuiglug nud plac'ng tho fawu, who bad tho best of the subsc- Qu:m work to covert. Mongoose bent X'hllllna, Betllnj: 3 to 2 on Mon goose. Mongoose quickly clenrcil himself for tho own ing drive, and coming cleverly round be always bau the bitch at his morcjr, tho Uiter only bcc.-uilng olacod for » few Insignificant point, at the Itnlih. Tito card was read over at tho Union Olub in tho evoning, wiien somo lteitvy speculation knock out of Ked Hind proved caturo proceedings, for from 1000 lo 100 freely accepted at tho draw sho was driven back to 100 to 5, and friendless at the price, Tho odds aro very suggestive of tho South Australian representative being amiss. Montroeo succeeded to the favoriteship, and was firm at 100 to 17. Birthright and Monarque wero both in demand at 100 to 14 each, and Jring Song and Tho Last Requost in good odor at a couplo of points longer. Chime likewise maintained a bcalty tone at 10 to 1, and with tho exception of Wrckiu and Fink Hoso none of tho others travelled well in tho markot, Tho following wero tho ruling odds : — Watkm.oo Cur. Third Hound. C to 4 on Red IIIiul r. High Thorn (Ik.) 7 — 4 — — Cliline v. Querist W. and off.) 5 — 4 — Montrose v. Sfng Song (tk. freely) 7 — 1 — Monarque r. Haymaker (tk.) 1 — 4 — Birthright v. l'Jnk Hoso (tk.) 2 — 1 — . Thc i.Ast Request r. Robust (t?c.) 5 — 4 _ Feltrlm CA»tlc v. Pleasant Girl (tk.) IX — 8 — Wrckln r. Mongoose (tk.) Losg Odds, 109 to 17 agt. ilontrosc (tk. and xvtd.) 100 — i4 — Monarqic (tk.) 100 — i4 — — Birriiright (tk.) 100 — 12 — Mng Song (off., 10 to 1 wtd.) 100 — 12 — The Lost Request (tk. and off.) 100 — 10 — Chime (tk.) 100 — 7 — Wiekfn (He. and wtd.) 100—8 Pink Rose (Ik.) JOO — 5 — Mongoose (off.) TOO — 5 Red lllnd (off.) XW — 4 — Robust (off.) 100 — 4 --- Querist (off.) X00 — 3 High Titorn (tk.) 100 — 2 — Feltrlm Cnstlc (off.) 100 — 2 — Pleasant Girl (off.) 100 — X — Haymaker (tk. and off.). WATKur.oo I'LTJP. 5 to 1 on Solomon v. .Sailor Boy 5 — 4 — Query v. Merrfo Sherwood 7—i — Halhirut Hint v. Marigold 5 — 2 — Tiuimtui v. Lconldat 2 — 1 — Wavelet v Roxchtna 2 — 1 — Pencil v. Glitter 4 — 1 — Sherwood Serpent v. Confuilon 7 — 4 - Lord Lyon v. Heyday 7 — 4 ' RlukUnllie v. BruuhlJd© 5 — 2 — llirlft v. Sundial 5 — 2 — — Country Boy v. Hawk 7 — 4 — Glendnbh v. Sunrise. Watkkloo Platk. 7 lo 4 on May Flower v. iiuidireedlo 4 — 1 — Fantome Fortune v. Pndlock 5—4 — ilclfm t Irvine v. Mikado 10 — 0 - Qunlttter v. Won't 2 — 1 — l'ainstuker v, Sweot Ginger 5 — 1 — Twilight v. Grateful 5 — 4 — Conmgnmltc v. Phllllna. Skcond Day, Tiiuiibdat, 15tii July. Tho woathor on Thursday morning proved of a much more inviting nature than on tho open ing day, and tbo interest centred in tho progress of tho Cup contost was such as to attract another largo concourso of intending vot/njeurs at Sponcer-stroot railway station, from whence tho special train 6tarted at the usual Iiour. O11 arrival at Diggers' Best tho oharming sun- shiuo which prevailed placed visitors on good terms with thomsolves, and tho day throughout proved of a most perfect character for the full enjoyment of an Oval outing. Tho ground was a trifle caked by tho sun's infiueuco by comparison with tho favorablo condition of tho turf on tho preceding day, and tho hardened nature of tho going was not without its influence on certain greyhounds who enter tain a dislike to extend themselves unless iltoy obtain a lirm hold of the turf. Hares admirably maiutuinod their customary form, and as u result tho trials wero of tho usual bona Jttle charaotor, testing to tho utmost both tho strong aud weak points alike in tho constitutions oi tho competing greyhounds. Punctuality was again tho order of tho day, and so regularly and rapidly did the sport proceed that tho card of 44 courses was comfortably disposed of by half- past three o'clock, thus pormitting another early return to town. Tho liveliest interest was evinced in tho resumption of tho Cup run ning, and tho state of tho betting oporatious on tho previous evening aroused no ordinary curiosity as to how Bed Hind would acquit hor- self. Lame though she was, nor in- domitablo gamonoss enabled her to cut down tho speedy High Thorn, but tho effort rendered her hord tk combat t and sho then had to be drawn iu favor of her kcu- uol companiou Chime, who commeuccd by hav ing a very narrow squoak with Querist, who cloarly proved UorscK to bo tho best puppy at tbo meeting. By tho successive defeats of Birthright, Sing Song nud Montroso, three pro- tninout favorites were erased from tho preced ing night's betting returns, aud with the removal of so many fancied candidates tho ulti mate result promises favorably for tbo pencil ling fratornity. Tho Now South Wales repre sentative llouarquo caused a great ./wore by his unexpected ovorthrow of tho fancied Montroso, whilo the accomplished performance of Tho Last Request over Fink Rose was not ono whit inforlor in point of merit. Tho hitter's indivi dual records havo been brilliant in tho oxtrome. Tho dog, it may be known, was tho property of tho Into Thomas Dodds, formerly trainer to Sir William CUrko, who bequeathed him in his will to a Mr. Haslctt, of Coburg, with tho expressed wish that ho was to bo reserved specially for this year's Waterloo Cup. Tbo injunction lias beon faithfully com plied with, and tho dog appropriately named Tho Last Request. Dodds entertained the highest opiulon of his favorito'a ability, and it would bo au extraordinary coincidence wore Tho Last Request and his sister Chime to go to slips for tho dual courso, both aulmals hav ing Been bred by tho deceased trainer. To rovert to tho Cup running, Red Uiud led off with another victory over High Thorn, much to tho purpriso of thoso who fiattorcd thomsolves with tho idea that sho wns a dead one. High Thorn gave tho South Aus tralian bitch every chance, for ho blundered in attempting tho oponlng point, which c<m(rc- tmps caused him to run very unsteady ever Afterwards. Although Cirimo deprived Querist of tho opening poiut, the last named showed to advantage in tho subsequont work, and a con cluding race past to covert All out cutUlod her to tho verdict. Montroso executed another masterly display against Sing Song, to whom he only conceded ono oxchango ill tho middlo part of a good trial. Haymaker, who was lamo, made a much hotter fight against Monarque than BUggostcd by tho odds, but tho last named, although ho won easily enough, lackod that dash so characteristic of him on tho previous day. Fiuk Uoso achieved an easy victory over Birthright, who failed to display his accustomed fire. Robust went down pointless beforo Tho Last Request, who made a particu larly brilliant trial, finishing with inarkod vigor. Feltrim Castle made a praiaoworthy fight for the few initiatory poiuts, but Fleasant Qirl asserted her sux>eriorlty in a very pro nounced rnannor towards tho lattor portion of tho courso. tt was a very near thing bctwoen Wrekinand Mongoose, tho former having vory little in hand when his opponout killed. Tho fourth round was opened by Cirimo running a bye, Red Hind botng unable to put in an ftp- Searanco owing to bavins broken a toe. Tno ownfali of Montroso before Monarquo proved a groat - surprlso, and tho victory of tho Now South Welshman was tho signal foran outburst of applauso on tho part of tho fielders, whose books stood badly against tho favorite. Al though outpaced from slips Montrose mado a horoic effort, and was anything but disgraced. Tho Last Bequest executed a masterly per formance against Pink Rose, who failed to combat successfully against tho superior pace of .her opponeut. It was an uncommonly near thing between Wrckin and Pleasant Qirl, and but for tho meritorious commencement of tho former, I10 would have most assuredly suffered defeat, for tho bitch fairly waltzed round him m tho middlo portion of tho trial. It will thus bo gathered that Wrokiu's third and fourth essays were too closo to provo comfortable. Tho most prominent i'caturo of tho Puree running was the ignominious defeat of Sher wood Serpent at tho hands of Confusion, whoso subsequont victory over Lcoliuc showed him to bo no dunce. Merrie Sherwood, Taran- tara and Thrift also performed well ; end in the Plato Fantome Fortune, Qualifier aud Twilight stood out from tho rest of tho contestants. Mr. CoIIard was not so happy in his decisious as on the opening occasion, exceptions being taken to his rulings in several instances, more par ticularly in tho trials Hard Needle verms May flower, Melfort Irvine versus Mikado, and Corangamito rersus Phillina. Banuer was more fortunate with tbo slips, his deliveries befug uniformly good throughout tho day. Appended aro details of the running the Waterloo cit. Tuiko Round. Red Hind bent High Thorn. Betting : 3 to 2 on High pom. iltgh 'ihorn lmmwll«rely quitted himself of Re I Hind, nnd fnerensed his lend to 8 lengths for tho open ing wrench, when he stumbled, placing Hcu Bind for the next. After aii exchange the bitch, Rune as she was, took possession for three more, and running with uncommon gamcnc»s she had considerably tho host of some exchanges, and wound up a decisive winner. On being picked up her damaged foot was In such a bad state as to necessitate her withdrawal Chime beat Querist. Betting: 7 to 4 on Chime. Chime, after a hard struggle, got up 8 lengths lo front of Querist, who failed to hold her own as the hare came back, and was at a disadvantage for the next few points till passing tire tree, where she took up a good position and Mid somewhat the best of It, winding up with n jnce past to covert, which left her in a very small minority. Mrntro'o beat Sing Song. Betting: 3 to 2 on Mon trose. Montrose led two lengths for the first six drives, then favored Sing Song f r nn exchange, and af.er- wnrda went on for another nice sequence before again piecing his opponent, who now took poc-sion of n strong have, but failed to make any us - of herbefcro sho escaped. The winner ran this course in hl> very best fotm. ilonajqtic beat Haymaker. Belting: 7 to 1 on Monarque. Monarque led Haymaker a couple of lengths, ami more than holding Ids own in a tine ex changing trial. Jus left off with lots to the good. The New South Welshman scxtcc y ran wit!: tho same bril liancy as on the previous tlav. Pink Ros.- beat Birthright Betting : 7 to 4 nn Birth- right. Pink Hoso led Birthright a couplo of lengths, utid made three decisive drives before sending the hare round to tho black, who exchanged once nnd then went on for three very fnlnt strokes; another exchange ensnt-d on tho rise of the hill, whereupon Pink Rose drove to covert an cosy winner. The Last RequVat best Robust, letting: 2 to X on The Last Rcqurst, The Igut Pi qued drew past Robust on reaching tho lure and Increased hh lead to four lengths; maintaining greedy p9aser»Vq he never once relinquished commanJ nnd uvuve to covert r.n undis puted winner©/ a splendid trial, the hurc being too gcod for both. Ptakuuit Girl beat Feltrlm Castle. Betting : 5 to 4 on Feltrlm Ca»tle. On nearlns the hare Pleasant Girl shot past brilliantly on the Inside for the turn, and after n four exchanges took po>sesslon all to herself, admitting of only casual assistance from ths red collar, who ran a beaten greyhound after tho first couplo of points hud been scored. Wiokin beat Mongoose. Betting : fl to 4 on Wrckln. Wrckln l.d Mongwst a length af.cr a great struggle for the first two points, when a mm ding-dong trial envued, every score being stubbornly contested, and when Mongoose finally wound ap with a kill there could haro been very little In it either way ;.ln fact the verdict was In doubt until air. Collnrd declared iu faror of Wrckln, Fourth Round. Chime ran n bye. Red Hind being drawn lam-. Monarque beat Montrose, Belling: 4 to 1 on Mont rose. After a great straggle Monarque drew out u clear length for the turn, when ho got the bost of a cannon ; being equally as elerer In a splendid scries of ex changes, he moreover showed pace In several stre ches, and drawing out at the finish won a finely contested courso with points to spare. This wns a very unex pected victory oa the part of the New South Welshman, who Improved perceptibly oa his previous performunco against Haymaker. Tho Last Request boat Pink Rose. Belting : 5 to 4 on Tho Last Request. Tito Last Request was slowest away, bat on ncarlng tho hare ho forged past on the extreme outside and hold a lead of two lengths on reaching puss. Going on for two drlvoi V: then shifted the haro to rink Rose, who could do no more than re turn tho compliment. From, this out Tho Last Request showed superior paco In the wuka of a racing hare, ami although lie ovlnccd slight symptoms of tiring at the tep end of tho ground, tils victory was beyond doubt, as puss escaped. Wrckiu boat Pleasant Girl. Betting: 3 lo 1 011 Wrekln. Wrckin showed the way for a valuable opin ing sequence, whu the haro ultimately broke clean away In favor of Pleaasut Girl, who settled down In dustriously, nnd had all but equalised matters, when Wrckln camo again for two exchanges, tho hare beating bath. The verdict was In the balance until tho red dig Indicated a victory for Wrekln. WAYtsnr.oo Pursr.— Flrjt Round.— Solomon was any number of lengths fader than Suiior Boy, and did a lot of work before relinquishing possession "iu favor of his more youthful adversary, who, however, was unable to keep paco with the sou of Rebellion, who run rings round Sailor Boy and ultimately won with ridiculous easo, Sailor Boy running In a very slovenly manner. Hertoun Boy soon placed daylight between himself and Sedna, and running wltta plenty of fire and determina tion, never permitted of any assistance on the part of his opponent, who made a very poor display, ilerrlo Sherwood nm a bye, Query being drawn. Bal larat Riot was unsighted from slips, but on joining Marigold he did three-faurths oftho work, nnd experi enced little or 110 difilculty iu sottllag lite pretentions of the daughter of Beacon and Lady Jocclyit Here's Luck led four lengths for a fow oponlng points, after which ho hung fire, and was comfortably outworked by Mil ler's Boy beforo puss beat tho pair of them. Tarant.-tra led Lcouidaa four lengths, and rau up a formidable ac count before throwing itwny a chance. Ultimately Ionidas became very bnsy, and was within a few points of his rival's score, when tho Sydney bitch came again, and rattling up another serviceable account, had a good baianco hi hand when tho Western District representative terminated with a IctB. Wavelet administered a verydcclslvotUrashlng to Roxe- Iftna, who, after becoming placed for the first time for Onu point, threw up her head prior to tho termination of the course, a trick sho had been guilty of ou the pre vious day. Pencil cleared out three lengths before Glitter for a few nico points. They exchanged equally twice, after which Glitter was loft a loser us site made a concluding stroke to the ulantatlon. Confusion took a lead of four lengths of Sherwood Serpent, and rattle 1 in a good score beforo placing tho latter, why fell heavily, whereupon Confusion wont ahead for three more and tho kill, thus upsetting tho long odds of 7 and 8 to 1 laid on his opponent. LeoIIno took a long lead of Psulc, ami mado uso of her oppoj tuiiity for a valuablo opening Account. Although Ranlc showed to somo advuutngo towards the finish, ho was considerably to tho bad when the haro got away. Lord Lyon led Heyday four lengths for tho turn, kept his place for tho next, and holding his own ever after- warns defeated his opponent with consummate .Vnse. Hhodantho shot past Brunhlldo on uenring the hare, and running with a dash of tier old form she easily alienee X the South Australian bitch. Oreraloy had more foot than Sunstruck for a few opening points, but onco tho hare broke tho former went all abroad, nnd was leisurely outcounted by Mr. Scott's pnppy during tho remaiuder of a good trial to tho covert. Tin lit. was Immensely superior to Sundial, who never became placed until neorlng tho l>oundary fcnco, where alio put in a few unimportant points. Country Boy ran a bye. Hawk being drawn. Sunrlso streamed clean away from Glcndubh, who never got within scoring d'stanco In a good trial, Tho loser was found to bo lamo on being picked up. Second Round t Solomon effected a one-sMcd pc» for- mauco against Mertoun Boy, who was at a disadvan tage for want of paco throughout ft facing spin to tho top of tho ground. It was a onc'ilded affair between Merrto Sherwood and Ballarat Riot, tho 'former leading from start to finish of a fast run trial to tho boundary fence. Miller's Boy only scored ouce by favur against Tarnntara Jn ao admirably run course on the p.irt of the Now Seuth Wales bitch, who went great guns from first to last. Pencil raced right away from Wavelet and always keeping on the right side when tho hare broke buck she gained an 0 any victory. Confusion, with the odds of 5 to I on him, rau all over Lcol.fi?, wltn performed vory Indifferently from first to lust of a gruclhr. Lord Lyon led for the turn, nnd al though he wits thrown out badly us Uio haro brake, he quickly joined Issue, and held his own lo such an ox- tent, to the end of an average exchanging trial, that no surprise would have been manifested had tho flag gone up for him Instead of for UhodAMha. Thrift ran right ?wV.f.ro.m Sunstruck, who was hopolcsslv beaten when tie killed near covert. Country Boy led Sunrise n couple of lengths for the first and second, when they exchanged twice before Sunrlso killed and lost. WATr.Ki.00 Pr.ATn.— First Round: Hard Needlo led up for a couplo of opening wrenches and the turn, when he stumbled head over lice's, thus placing Mayflower for a few nice points. After Another exchange the Needle again blundered, whereupon Mayflou, c; went on for a strong score, and more than holding her own afterwards, she seemed to havo well won on finally killing. Surprise was manifested whon tho flag denoted otherwise, l'adloek lite) to nothing uiter making a few opening points and he was cleverly outacond hv William Henry. Fan tome Fortune had too much pice forTyuwald Hill, and monopolised all tho work of merit In a fair open trial, the last named bcin/ hi a largo minority when he finally brought down puss on the vergo of 0110 of the homes. Melfort Irvine's superior pace served him for a couple of Introductory points prior to well placing Mllca.lo, who displayed marked cleverness in the rest of the work, and appeared to have scored a safe victory when the-huru beat him. Contrary to expectation, the official verdict was in favor of Melfort Irvine. Qualifier ran a bye. Won't being drawn. 1'alnstAkor led three lengths for the first und second (Mints, oxchunged twice, and then sent tho hare to bweet Singer, who destroyed her chance with a prema ture kill. Twilight deprived Grateful of all tlic points of merit In a racing stretch to the top of tho ground, the last named only becoming placed for n few weak strokes at tho covert side. Cornngnmdc drow past a bsro length. for the turn, And put together such a ser viceable score that although rtiUlina hod the beat ot the subsequent work she was two or three points to tho bad on relinquishing pursuit before the hare finally es caped. Tho decision In favor of Phllllna was received with surprise Tbero was another crowded asomblogo to hoar the card read over in the evening. Mon arque was atriflo hotter favorite than The Last Request for tho event right out, 7 to 4 being freely accepted about the former, and 2 to X wanted for the latter. Chime and Wrekin wero each befriended at the odds quoted below Watkbloo Cup, Fifth Round. 2 to 1 on Monarque v. Chime (Ik.) 15 — 3 — The Last Request v. Wi ekio (tk.) Long Odii3. 7 to 4 Agat Monarque (tk. ) 33—20 T— The Last Request (Ik., 2 to 1 wtd.) 5—1 — — Wrekin (tk.) 5 — 1 _ Chime (off., 55 to 10 tk , 8 to 1 wkl.) Waterloo Tdissk, Third Round. 5 to 2 on Solomon v. Merrie Sherwood (IIl). 3 _ 1 — _ Turanians v. Tend! rik.). 2 — I _ Confualoo r. Rhodanthe (tk.). 5—1 — Thrift v. Country Boy (tk.). WATF.IU.OO FI.atp.. 3 to 1 on Hard Needier. William llcnry (tk.). 3 — 1 — . Fnmorne Fortune v. Melfort Irvine (tk.) 5 — 2— I'ulnsiakcr v. Qualifier (tk). 3— 1 Twilight v. Phllllnn \tk.). 'Third Day, Friday, 15th July. Satisfactory in the extreme wero the circum stances which accompanied tho closing doings in connection with tho annual contest for tho championship of tho Australian leash, and the tvifiium on all hands was pronounced tho most, successful ever held under tho auspices of tho loading club. Notwith standing that only throe courses wero required to briug tho cup Competition to an issue, tho attendance was by far tho largest ever known to asssemble on the concluding day, a fact plainly significant of tho widespread in terest associated with this year's tournament. Visitors wore favored with a continuance of tho charming wentherwhich prevailed on tho second day, and as hares admirably sustainod their form tbo trials again proved of a faultless descrip tion. The minor arrangements of the meeting wero likewise satisfactory, and no hitch oc curring in tho progress of affairs, tho final courses of the Cup, Purso and Plato wero run off shortly after three o'clock. The resumption of hostilities In connection with tho big event was awaited with keen interest. Tho four remaining, candidates wero eagerly interviewed on arrival at tho soeno of opera tions, nnd a closo inspection revealed tho fact of everything boing right with each of tho quar tet. The previous evening's betting furnished a correct clue to tho running for tbo fifth round, inasmuch as both Monarque and Tho Last Request landed the odds laid on them for their respoc- tivo courses. Chime mado a praiseworthy effort against tho first-named, but nor deficiency in speed placed hor at a disadvantage, and her moritorious display towards the finish of tho course availed her nothiug. The Last Request silenced Wrekin in a very pronounced manner, nnd ho ran so brilliautly and mado matters so easy for himself through tho artistic use of his teeth that bis favoritism over Monarque for tho tiunl struggle becamo very pronounced. The trial proved tho best contested of tho ; wholo mooting, but tbo New South \Vale3 representative) could nover quite obtain tho mastery, albeit ho actually balanced ac counts previous to his opponent gamely struggling up tor tbo concluding point, tho ouo which alone enabled Mr. Collard to award him tho all important victory. Although ho tired sufficiently to flutter tbo hopes of thoso who identified themselves with his adversary, The Lost Rcquost succeeded in effecting a highly meritorious commence ment, but formidable as was tho task ho set Monarquo, tho lattor set to work right deter minedly, nud such a commanding lead did ho maintain on ascending tho rise, and ko ap parently distressed was his rival, that matters suddenly looked promising for I ho black and white dog. The hare, however, wns too good to be mado much uso of, and taking hor pur suers ahead at a great paco Monarquo was thus unablo to inflict sufficient punishment on his game toentitlo him to tho award, albeit, with a weaker hare, it was quito possible for htm lo haro outscored tho early points of tho Victorian dog. It caunot bo denied, however, that The Last Request was honorably entitled to the victory, and by declaring in favor of the son of Castor anil Mint Mr. Collard is to bo com plimented on having given 0110 of tho very best decisious of tho whole meeting. Nothing short of sheer brjlliaucy pulled through tho wiuner in tho deciding courso, nnd his superiority over his sixty-three opponents was vory marked in this respect. Thoro can bo little doubt that- ho was tho fastest dog engaged Iu tbo Cup, and in addit.ou to displaying uni form cleverness iu all his courses ho never evinced any symptoms of tiring until con fronted by Monarque. As notified yesterday, Tho Last Roquest w«9 bequeathed by tho lato Thomas Dodds to his present owner, Mr. F. Uaalott, with tho express dcrirothat he wns to be reserved exclusively fortius year's Vfatorioo Cup, and now that tho dog has succeeded iu carrying off tho highest honors of tho leash the incident savors more of romanco than of realty Tho winner was trMned by W. Edward?, n former pupil of T. Dodds, and as tho dog is only just l'ccovoriug from a sovoro attack of influenza it was tho exercise of commonplace perseverance aud care which ulouo enabled bu.uicutor to successfully pull him through such a critical ordeal. It was the first and only appearance of Tho Last Request in public, but a fortnight ago ho was given a trial at Mooneo Valley, when he was badly beaten by Hard Needle, and in consequence rejected by Mr. J. Hardiraan, who had the first rofusal of nominating the dog for tho Waterloo Cup. That the in ferior dog in the trial should have succeeded in winning tho Waterloo Cup, and tho superior ono mado content with tho lesser honors attached to tho Plate, is a coincidence which serves to illustrate tho uncertainty attached to the sport of coursing. Monarque mado a gallant effort on behalf of New South Wales, and it was generally admitted that the beat representatives of either colony mot in tho dec ding trial, and that tbo contest was worthy of the occasion. By way of com pensating for tho " defeat of Monarque, tha elder colony scored a victory in the Purse, by the assistance of Tarantara,jwhose perform ances throughout wero of a most consistent character. The veteran Hard Needle, who hai run more public courses than any living greyhound, further contributed to hia re cord by appropriating the Plato, and inflicting severe punishment to each of the threo ani mals which crossed his path yesterday. It ma/ be remarked that not a single exception waa taken to Mr. Collard's ruling ; while Bamer has seldom or over been seen to such advantage with the slips. It was half pa9t twelve o'clock' when coursiug was resumed with tho WATERLOO CUP. Fifth Round. Monarque beat Chime.— ILttlmt: 2 to I on Monarqne. It was a great struggle between Monarque and Chtmo, the former being burcly clear wh'.n ho reached the bare. His first score was a wrench, bat lis quickly sent tho hnro round to Mr. Chlrnstdc's bitch, who exehnnged twice, whereupon Monarquo drew oat /or five conse cutive drives before again passing his opponent. Chftno responded with a bruce before puss broke In faror of Monarque. who scored three faintly prior to Urn fawn rocing past for two concluding strokes to covert, where tho New South Welshman was left a decisive tv-nner. The Lnat Rcqneat beat Wrekln. Betting: 2 to 1 on the Last Request. They had notproccedcd many strides beforo tho favorite showed iu advance ; gradually In creasing his lead, ho placed a g.ipof five lengths be- twesn himself and his Adversary on making the opening point. Steadying himself beautifully !;c ratrled in four more with artNUc effect beforo favoring Wrekin, who instantly returned the compliment nnd gave the Coburg dog the opportunity of making n determined effort to kill. After ono more exchange The Last Requat con cluded n highly finished performance with a kill of no ordinary merit. Deciding Course. The Last Request beat 3lona,-qi:o. Betting: 5 fo 2 oa The Lust Kcqu.-it. Great excRcnunt prevailed when the respective representatives of Victoria ar.fi New South Wales wen: hsnded over to Banner. The spec tators were not kept in su>p:n«c. and eves were no sooner diverted in tho direction or the slipping paddock escape door, than the cry urn juhul, "Here she comes.'' Titebare prowd one of the right sort, and v. hen she had reached the regulation limit, Banner deipstched both dogs 011 their eventful journey to n fuultic.-s slip. They were no sooner released than Monarque raised tho hojK-t 01 ids admirers by drawing clear of hla o, ponenr. and limmdi.-itely a shout went form ".Motuirqnc leads." After racing in the wake of his n:it.voi:!<st for fitty yards, Tho Last Hi-quest sp'rtcd briUcoiily past nud uiftlntafning tho effort he Increased !:£i lead to four lengths on el sing with hh gsmc. lb stcndled himself cleverly for a commanding opening stroke, and scored nt:o her similar half-point before puss broke r.war from him at right angles. Monarquo now became iustalUd In full command, and used puss faintly thrio before uresring hur tor a full point. In arrier-g stretch which pres.ntwl Itself. Monarque showed pace over the favor ite, who, however, took up a grand position us the hare jcrkelbuck from the New .south W.:Ju dog for the second time, and putting Jn a defiuit s print Jic favored Munnrquo fur the last time, but the h.ne.n was made nofmthu use of, and the New Welsh man showed the way ro covert it low, by a pchit only, of a splendidly contested trial on both sides. Watrrloo PutwK.— Third Round: Solomon, h«<! th) foot of Memo MP.wwtod, led four lengths for 'the flret turn, and Ui iig much the smarter he mor.opriLc i u\ \ the early work, Murrio Sherwood only bo'»4 pltccd to wards the close of a distressing courso re the top of Vm ground. Tarontara cleared right awny frotn IVm-H, owl put together such n formidable Account that a though tho last named showed to considerable a ivm- tugo towards tho c!o?c, she whs three 0. four points to tho bod when puss bid her adieu. Confusion led Rh> danthc four longth for as many bc uuiful drive, cnl thou placed the old birch, who exchanged twice, nfter which she responded with a nice br»cc of point, but Confusion, coming Again, kept his p:a:u for two more nnd left off si hollow winner when the hnro get awn-. After a tbort no go, Country B;>y Lfi 'thrift three lengths, aud displaying superior speed in n succc.kkm 0/ re ring stretches he was enable! to acl:icruucoa:parA tlvdy o.isy rictory over the Syur.cy bitch. Fourth Round: 'lar.mura led four long!;:, «n.l, being much the smarter, she ran ail over Solomon hi n satisfactory working trial to tho h'-un-inry feucf. Country Boy, wltlt the odds of 4 to 1 liir.:, forged past Coafuslou a bnro length v. ncmTr.g !iic hare, on. I maintaining his own In n sreec.Mc:: of finis exchanges, left off with two or three points to tho goad. This was n great surprise to tho layers of odds. Deckling Courso : Ter.minra wont a-vav by hcrsjif. Country Buy pulling up a/to; gomg half a dozen strides. Eventually ho made up Ids nii:;d to follow on. but dldu't join: Iu uutll'nearing the tup of :hc ground, when he exchanged twice und killed, tue ting going up agatnst him. Watkuloo IT.atr —Second Round: Hard Needle kd William Uor.ry ten lengths, nnd never gave his op ponent the least look In uutll tho finish, when the white nnd bluek wrenched faintly to covert. Funiome For tune led for ISO yards, and then died away, pennRtftig McUort Irvine to so ahead for a fin? seme. Ultimately Fantome Fortune became placed far n time, but ftga.'u fading away ho was handsomely bc.itrn when Mclfari Irvluo Mutt by for tho concluding stroke to c>rcri. i'jin-t.tker fad a length, exchanged <u.cc, served hiuucU for the next, exchanged ngulu nud th-.u faok puss fc himself, winding up.ty dcfca:IgQ,T-v!t: in u very one sided nianuur. i'hJIIIiM drew put u bare length for ike turn, nnd maintaining her position sho weal ahead /or several definite poinu b-forc glring way in Twilight, whoa) few concluding drive wero of no av<tl Iu alter ing iho ftWAid. Third Round : Hard Needle nn» clour away from Mcl/<>:t Irvine, who scare Iv did anything but kill 0:1 the vergo c / covert. FulntAfctfr led 'three iongriis, And serving hhnself tinto nfter ttmo never threw away a chance, only permitting t'hlilin tu occasionally score ly favor In a tiring courso to the top nf ike grunr.il. lfacldhig Lourse : Hard Needle led Fuinvtsk-'r tlirci lengths, and being wo l suited with a racing hare nrver loft the istuu In dunl:, I'aiustuker only exchanging one: In a raring trlul to the top of the ground. 