INSTITUTE OLERK OP WORK*. (To the Editor of the Border Watch.) SIR,-As this appointment appears to be now settled I wish to make a few remarks thereon, not indeed with the view of rectifying the evil already done by the unseemly action of the Trustees, or rather, I should say, a majority of them; but, rather, I do so with the view of helping to prevent as muchs a possible further loss and hurt to the Institute and to its use* fulness. However, before I treat of this latter matter, I shall endeavour to show wherein consists the unseemly action or wrong done in this appoint ment, and on this, I think, from what has been reported of tne Board at their meetings there iB evidence enough. It seems to have been a determination in the majority of them from the first to do an act hurtful to the In stitute fundsj viz., to appoint a clerk of works privately without regard to _ price or cost. This must appear to all impartial minds to be unseemly, even although it may have been done without any dishonest intention. But, further, the appointment of a clerk of works at this early stage, before the calling for and receiving and accepting a tender for the work, was wrong, because it might, and in all probability will, affect the number of tenders and the amount specified in them for the work. For instance, suppose that a person wishing to tender for all or any part of the work knew or supposed that the clerk appointed had a bias against him, and there fore-as all are but human-might harass him as much as possible, he would either refrain from tendering or put in at a higher figure. On the other hand a tenderer who felt that he had the good graces of the appointed clerk would have the advantage of this his opponent, by either having him out of the con test or being enabled to put in cheaper. _ Now I do not say that these things will arise in this case. But the very possibility of it arising should cause the appointment to stand over until the tenders were accepted, when the trustees would have had a chance of judging whether there was any cause for collusion be tween tenderer and the person to be appointed, and could have acted accordingly. I aver then, that this unseemly haste was wrong. No. 2. Then it would appear that when those gentlemen found themselves cornered Bome what in the hasty appointment of their favorite clerk, consented with the other members of the Board to give other two townsmen a chance of the job-" a chance " did I say? nay, my lord, liberty to tender is the word-for it appears by the sequel that such a thought was nev«r for a moment entertained by their highnesses as giving those two, or any two, the ghost of a chance. Why they consented to allow them to tender is beyond comprehension, for a child might have seen what the result would be - that the one who knew he was the favorite would tender high, and those who knew they were not would bid low, so as to overcome the grevious handicap of favoritism ; and if not, show to the world, at least to the subscribers, the true character 'of their elected trustees. This they did. Finding they were being offered an insult, I imagine they tendered at a figure which made the ring stare. They were cornered before, they were doubly so now -out of the fryingpan into the fire; or, more appropos, out of the rose briars into the Scotcli thistles. They had offered an insult to two respectable persons by asking them to tender. They admitted them eligible for the work, still they had no intention of letting them have it or of doing justice to all and to themselves. They could not see that they had fallen into the pit they had dug for others. They then appealed to the architect, but although he ottered them help they would not take the escape he tendered, partiality being stronger than their sense of right and justice in their minds. Still this ended. Number 3 mistake, if it may be so called. Then followed a friendly petition from a number of subscribers who thought that as the thing had been hastily done, without due con sideration, their petition might give the Board a chance of. re-considering their de cision, and getting out of the unenviable position they had placed themselves in. But this had no more effect than what had gone before. Neither the interests of the Institute, the remonstrances of subscribers, nor the honor of their own Board had the least effect to move to a right course. The petition, in fact, has only had the effect of confirming the suspicion that the appointment was a foregone conclusion. This may be called the fourth and last act-up to the present time-and I think sufficient has been shown to establish my first proposition of unseemly or wrong conduct. And now for a few remarks on the hurtful effects of this on the Institute itself. The first bad effect is in the loss of the money thrown away, and the amount of this is indi cated by the difference between the lowest and highest tenders. Mr. Davison takes the lowest and the highest, or successful tenderer's, and makes it £40; ertainlv no inconsiderable sum to be gifted away needlessly, and, as it was put by Mr. Davison, " they had no right to throw it away." It would nave gone a good way in helping to furnish the building, and at a 10s. subscription it will take 80 subscribers to make it up. But this is not the greatest evil. Who will oe induced to give liberally-either by subscriptions, donations, or legacies - if they think the moneys ave to be handed over in this fa?hion to favorites of the Trustees T Might not a teuderer have thought to tender cheaper -just because he was to be paid of funds donated to a good object? Be that as it may, such doings have tendency to disgust even liberal people, and give a handle to others to withdraw from the subscription list. Then, lastly, there is the moral ouestion. The Institute is supported as a method of edu cating and conveying knowledge to the multi tude, so that by improvement they may become better men and women, better citizens, in short, to do their duty to both God and man j and I would ask is the conduct of our Trustees in this matter calculated to enhance the value of such an institution. Can werespectmen as leaders and guides in knowledge _ who appear incapable of taking a stand on a point of rignt and wroni* 5 Sir, these are some of the things whereby the Institute will suffer. And let the subscribers and all who wish well to it endeavor to set their faces against all euch corruptive influence. Especially at the present let them see that uq favouritism operates in the acceptance of tenders sent lu for the enlargement of the building. I aro. Sir, ANOTHER SUBSCRIBER. 