Camiola : A Girl with a Fortune. By Justin M'Carthy. Chapter XLYI1L— 44 1 CAN DIE ALONE.' 'When Walter got out of the grounds he wandered, dragged himself along with slow, uncertain, unsteady steps in the direction of the old church. He bad no purpose of any kind ; he was not thinking of going to the_church until 'he'8aw himself actually near it, and its spire came between him and the clear starry sky. Then he saw, too, that a faint light shone from one of the windows. There was something unnatural and mysterious, something that hinted of spectral presences and influences in that faint light coming from the church windows at that unwonted hour. He took out his watch, and was able, by holding it close to his eyes, to make out that it wanted but a few minutes' of 11 o'clock. Ho would go into tee church, he thought ; in his present mood the sight of anything beyond the common and the natural would be welcome to him. It scdmed to him teat it would be well if he could go into tee gallery on tee left as one enters the church, the gallery on tee wall of which is the monument to the great man whom he was still pleased to regard as the historic chief of his house. He thought ho should like to lie beneath that monument and die there He got over the wall and into the churchyard. The sound of the river flowing beneath came with a melancholy cadence into the thoughts of the ruined young man. One of the doors of the church was open, and Walter went in. There was no ghost to be seen there ; nor ghost nor living creature; yet a light was burning, and in the gallery which he meant to reach.' That one light, a jet of gas, half turned on, made the darkness of the other places seem unearthly and appalling; one would naturally long to get within too shelter and protection of that one rav of light. Walter crept with tee softest tread up to the gallery and stood alone be- * neath the historic monument. This egotistic dreamer of 6ick dreams fancied himself for the moment some ruinql scion of an illustrious house who comes to die beneath the trophy of his greatest ancestor. Thus far he was alone in the church. He did not now trouble himself to think about the reason for the light burning and the open door. The reason was very simple. There was some work of cleaning which had to be done that night and which had to be put off until then ; it concerned the gallery with the monument, and the old woman who kept the keys and lived in a cottage near was up and doing and superintending the business. She and her girl-assistant had merely gone back to her cottage for a moment to gladden and strengthen themselves with a good cup of tea, and naturally left tee light burning and the door open, not thinking of the slightest possibility of any sane Fitzursohamite or other personage caring to go in. Walter was alone. He leaned his bock against the railing of the gallery and was gazing upwards at the marble effigy and inscription on the wall. Once he glanced casually oyer his shoulder at the pavement of the church beneath ; a pavement much made tip of the flat tombstones of the dead ; and he thought how horrible it would be if he were to fall oyer and come crash on the pavement and be killed in that hideous way, He drew away from the railing and nearer to the wall with the historic marble to which his eyes were upturned. Suddenly he heard the sound of a quick footfall on the gravel of tee churchyard. Some watcher or workman coming back, he thought ; and he roused himself from his dreamings and returned into reality. It would bo ridiculous to be found there ; and yet if anyone came in he must dis close himself or run the chance of being left behind and locked up in the church tor the night. Tre sound ceased but' Walter felt sure there was someone in the cliurci.; in side the door — below. Then the footfall was heard again. The man — it certainly was a man — was coming in, was coming towards that very gallery, was ascending the stairs. What matter? Walter was doing no harm, and could easily explain that he had come in out of mere curiosity, seeing the light. At the foot of the stairs leading up to the gallery the new comer suddenly stopped, and Walter heard him lock and bolt toe door behind nitu. He, then, and this new comer were locked and bolted in together in this gallery; the locked door on one side, the depth from the gallery to the stone floor beneath on the other. What did it matter r The man would unlock the door and let him but ; and yet it felt appalling somehow ; and now the man came rushing up the stairs, and Walter drew away to the further end of the gallery, and set his back against the wall, like one who iB prepared to defend himself. In another second Christian Pilgrim came tearing along tee gallery towards him with eyes sending out a light like teat of the corpse-candle that burns pale on the sea- washed rocks, and he clutched Walter in his strong fierce arms, and gave a wild laugh of triumph. 44 Come,' he cried; 44 1 have found you at last ! I told you I would kill you, and I'll kill you now ! No one can get to us here ; we are locked in. Come ! ' He was dragging tee wretched young man tq tee railing of tee gallery, evidently determined to fling him over, down upon the pavement. In another moment Walter would have to die the very death the bare thought of which had just set all his nerves, in quivering, shuddering motion. He struggled with all the passionate energy of youth and despair ; but he was struggling with a man of for greater physical strength, a man now, as he felt sure, possessed by the demon of insanity. Walter gave vent to his feelings in a shriek of agony; aery for help where he believed that help there could be none. 44 You fool,' Pilgrim said, with a terrible laugh ; 44 if you have to fight for your life, you oughtn't to waste your breath. I don't care : I want to die. Come with me.' At that moment steps were heard as of one rushing into the church; then a beating and clanging at the gallery door. Walter cried out again. Pilgrim laughed in a low chuckling tone. 44 Too late now,' he said between his teeth; the words went into Walter's very ear ; 44 they can't get at us here.' He redoubled his effort to drag Walter away, but the moment's interruption had caused him to relax his grip a little, and Walter was now clinging with both hands to the projecting marble which symbolised tho shield of his supposed ancestor. The struggle began all over again with the most savage energy. Pilgrim now knew that he b'd no time to lose. Some one ran into tee church beneath and gazed np and tried to pierce the gloom and see what was going on. The struggling forms were almost directly between him and the light, and he took in the whole situation in a moment. One quick glance all around told him what he must try to do; the only thing there was to do. Beneath tee railings of tho gallery and not far inside it, although far below it, stood the mllpit. The pulpit was almost directly in front of one of the pillars, narrow wooden pillars they were, which sup ported the gallery. Above the pillars came the gallery; teat is to. say tee pillars did not rise outside tee rails, but ceased where the rails began. Still if a man could roach -r- — ? iromtbepulpit-to the pillar, and could shin op the pillar, he might by a sodden and venturous effort succeed in fling ing hlmseliout so as to catch at one of the tails. With one such grasp the rest 'would be easy work. In much less than ihe time it-has taken to put thin into .writing the man had sprung into the pulpit, leaped like a cat fronithe pulpit to t-fiA pQlar, climbed up the pillar hand over hand, then with a desperate spring and clutch upwards had suc ceeded in getting hold of one of the rails, and in another second was with the two fighting creatures in the gallery. Walter was breaking into a cry of relief when his eyes, dazed and startled as they were, could see that his supposed rescuer was Joseph, the Albanian, and then he remembered his dream, and believed that Joseph too had come as his enemy, and he thought that all was over, and closed his eyes and gave up the struggle. Pilgrim had succeeded in dragging Walter away from liis grasp of the monument, and was backing towards the edge of the railings with his wretched prisoner in his gripe. men and^he rails, and he caught 'Walter round the waist. His own back was squeezed hard against the rails. Even in this moment the sort of good-humoured coolness which was his characteristic did not desert him. 'If only this railing holds,' he thought, ' we shall do well enough.' But he already felt the roils bending and creaking ; they would never hold out long. 4 4 Pilgrim, my good fellow,' he asked in a low quiet tone, for he ass umed 'lie had to deal with a madman, 44 don't you see that you will have us all over and down on the pave ment in another second? Good heavens, Fitzurso, havo s you no strength at all; can't you help yourself ono little bit?' Walter was hopeless. The voice of Romont speaking as it seemed to him -out of the lipB of Albanian Joseph was too much for him. His head swam round, his limbs relaxed ; he fainted in Romont's arms and hung down limp as a dead body. Pilgrim was still holding his grip, but he was no longer crushing against the rails. Ho had sense enough still to understand ilomoni's words and to keep from in juring him. His strength was tcirible, but Romont braced himself up tor one last effort, and literally tore the swoon ing body free of Pilgrim's clutch. At the time Romont did not fully understand Pilgrim's purpose. He believed that Pilgrim ouly meant to kill Fitzurse. Afterwards it dawned on him, and by degrees became clear, that Pilgrim meant to die with bis victim. Now, when he had torn Fitzurse free, Romont made no attempt to restrain Pilgrim. He had no time ; he did not think of it; he could not have done it if ho had to care for Fitzurse. He was stretching Fitzurse on the fioor, and meant then to appeal to Pilgrim, and try to calm him and get to know what it was all about. Pilgrim gave him no chance. With a wild ory, 44 Keep him, then, if you will keep him— I can die alone!' he flung himself heavily against the frail railings. Some cf them gave way ; there was a plunge forward ; Romont heard another cry, this time inarticulate, and then a crash on the pavement below, followed by such a succession of echoes that one might have thought for the moment all earth' 8 caverns were in succession breaking into tumultuous applause over the deed which had just keen done. The dust flew in clouds; the rats were heard to scamper affrighted among stools and seats ; some dog in a barge on the river answered to tho noise in the church with a prolonged howl, which might have seemed the death-wail over the man who lay killed on the pavement. Chapter XLIX.— 'I SEE ALL.' * That is a striking passage in 4 ' Philip van Arteveldc' which tells of the mysterious manner in which, 44 when this or that bnc chanced, the smoke outruns the flash,' the news gets to our ears almost in anticipation of the event. The Did church by the river had hardly cGased to echo to tho crash of Pilgrim's fall when, somehow or other, a shudder*. Ing sensation seemed to go through Mrs. Pollen's whole frame, and the words almost rose to her lips that something terrible liad happened. Soon the story began, to take shape. Somebody had just arrived, it seemed, who, passing by the churchyard, had seen light withiu, and while still on his way to Fitzurse House heard a noise which, to liis startled imagination, seemed like the thunder itself. This story was first told in definite manner to Mr. Lisle, who was always quiet and prudent whenever anything had to be done. He went to Mrs. Pollen and said a word or two to the effect that be feared something had fallen in the church, and he had better go and sec about it. At the time he had no thought of any thing hut some mere accident to masonry: some falling of part of a roof or other such comparatively \- trivial thing; but Mrs. Pollen well knew that if anything had happened it was more than that. 44 Take some people with you; take some men,' she said, quietly. She would have kept her nerves if she were told that the end of the world was to come next moment. 44 I fancy something bad has happened bo prepared for any thing.' In her heart she was only thinking. 44 If anything should have happened to-Berlie Romont, and it was I who sent him, and slie asked me why did I send him. I must get her out of the way for the present, anvhow until we know something.' She looked about, and at last saw Camiola the centre of a circle of children, to whom she was telling stories. \- 44 Camiola, dear,' 6he said, 44 1 want the music-room cleared. I have %particular reason. There is a little effect which I have had in preparation for some time, and I must get the music-room all to ourselves for a few moments in order to manage it. Now, will you just go and Bee that it is cleared out r You can tell 'them why, as far as you know; but get it done, dear, will yon? Just go about among them and tell them, and I will come to you as soon as it is quite empty and tell you what 1 want you to do next.' What Mrs. Pollc-n thought was this : No news will have reached the people in the music-room yet. It is barred against all outsiders, and no rumours will have found their way in there yet from this side. If Romont is safe, he will come back: here at once, and he will enter the music-room by the use of his key, so as not to he seen coming in and to be able to tell us quietly all. Then he will see her. The first thing she will know of the whole affair is that he is safe.' Camiola thought there was something rather odd and mysterious about this request of Mrs. Pollen's. She could not tako it quite literally; she could not altogether believe that it meant just what it said and no more. She could not help thinking that it must have something to do with tho disappearance of Walter Fitzurse and Pilgrim and the mission of Romont to look after them, and her nerves began to quiver. But she had long learned to have so muoh faith in Mrs. Pollen as to believe it was best to do, without question, what her eccentric friend desired to have done. So she submitted. 44 Oh, yes,' she said, with a tremulous lip, 44 1 will go, since you wish it.' 44 Y es, dear, I wish it.' So Mrs. Pollen said, willing to risk all rather than have some wild, extravagant story snot suddenly into the girl's ears ; and Camiola went upon her curious errand with a sinking heart boding of ill. She succeeded iu getting the people quietly out of the music-room ; the general opinion being that something was to happen afterwards in connection with semi-darkness and a magic lantern, and that it would be well not to wander away too far from the door, the inner door, of the music room, lest the news of this great treat should get abroad over the whole company, and tho whole company accord ingly swarm to the centre of attraction. Camiola at last found herself alone in the music-room, and she assumed that she was to stay there until Mrs. Pollen came. It was yery lonely. The softened lights had in them something subdued and melancholy; the place seemed like some great chamber of the dead with funeral lamps burning. No doubt it was the contrast between the crowded and noisy condition of the room a few moments ago and its loneliness now that put 6uch a feeling into Camiola' s mind ; that contrast and the disturbed state of her own nerves and her own heart. She felt utterly depressed and out of courage. The future looked all blank and darkness to her. She was becoming miserably con scious that she had committed herself to a cruel mistake when she once again succumbed to the supposed desire of Lady Letitia and consented to marry Georgie. She was growing to he entirely ashamed of the part she had played, and she began to torment herself with the thought that Romont, too, must despise her now for what -die had done, and that he cared nothing more for her. Every thing had gone wrong with her, rite thought, since that first night in Fitzurse House when she found out that she Ctfiu love with him. Only now, when Mrs. Pollen spoke to her, did she learn that Romont had been in Fitzurse House this evening, this very night ; and he had not sought l»jr out, had not come near her ; evidently did not intend to come near her. And now he was in danger of some kind, some vague undefined danger; and suppose she should never see him again, should never be able to explain or ex cuse herself to him, should never have a chance of making him believe that, however inconsistently or wrongly she had acted, she had loved him all the time and knew that she loved him ? These thoughts filled her mind and blended very sadly indeed with the Bounds of the festivity that was going on so near. The music and the noise of talk irritated and jarred upon her nerves. The solitude of the room became un bearable. 44 1 will not stay here any longer,' she said to herself ; 44 1 can't bear it.' Suddenly she heard a rustling on the gravel just outside the door, and then a key turning rapidly in the lock. Not a great many persons had private keys to open that door, and of those row who had there Was one at least whom Camiola would not care to see just then and there. She stood up by the organ waiting, anxious, almost alarmed ; in the mood of one who knows that something out of the common is about to befall ; she stood with one hand resting on the keys of the organ and her eyes intense upon the door. The door opened, and there was an oblong of dark ness ragde for a moment, and then Romont, in the dress of Albanian Joseph, came into the loom. He stopped short, seeing her, and 6lie saw that his clothes were torn, and that his face was cut and bis hands were wounded. 44 There has been bad work,' he said, quietly, not willing to alarm her, yet anxious to prepare her for grim news. 44 Poor Pilgnm is dead.' Tho long crushed down feeling of the girl rose in a great wave and overwhelmed her, and she ran to him and cried: 44 Oh, but you are safe ; thank God, you are safe ! ' She threw her arms round his neck. The knowledge which she had vaguely that there was danger, and that he was in it ; that he would he sure to go far into it ; the solitary nerve thrilling writ in the music-room, his sudden entrance, the blood upon his face and hands, and yet the assurance that he was safe — all these influences were too much for her and beat down her self-control, and she had thrown her anns around his neck before she knew yvhat sli^jiya^dping^ and now that she did' know 'and was endeavouring to draw back she found that he would not let her. 44 My sweetest Camiola,' he said; and he kissed her again and again, unchecked it must be owned ; 44 and so you were in alarm forme? How sweet of von; and how happy for me to come on you in this way. Now, of course, you won't hesitate any more ? ' 44 Oh no, no ; how could I after this ! ' He drew a deep breath. 44 1 am so happy ; I can't help it ; I am so happy, although poor Pilgrim is dead. See, I have stained your beautiful dross.' 44 It is your blood,' she said, with a slight shiver. 44 You were in such danger then and you arc hurt ? ' 44 It's nothing; only a few scratches got in trying to save a worthless scoundrel. I am sorry to have stained your dress, but let it be a symbol to show that 1 would shed my heart's blood for you, Camiola. And you really do love me'? ' 44 Oh, yes ; I loved yon from the very first.' Then there was a silent moment of measureless content to both. 44 Toll mo all that has Jiappened,' she said, suddenly. 44 It i6 a shame for us to think of ourselves at such a time ; it is not like y-m or me.' 44 Very like me,' said Romont. 44 1 couldn't help think ing about you and ine— about us —if my dearest friend lay dead. Indeed, poor Pilgrim was a very' dear friend.' At this moment Mrs. Pollen entered the room. 14 You needn't tell me anything just at present.' she said; 44 1 have heard all ; yes, and I see all.' Chapter L.— MY TWO. There was an inquest; there was a police investigation ; the papers were filled for a time with accounts of the Fitz urseliam mystery, and the attention of the public was turned to the place in a manner which made the best of its residents very uncomfortable. The ordinary Fitzuree hamitc, however, was proud of living in a place which had a mystery and a violent death; and was sure to make a boast of the fact that he knew Christian Pilgrim, and that he used to see Walter Fitzurse every day when Fitzurse was quite a boy. For a while the story of Jetliro Merri dew's sudden death got inextricably mixed up in the public mini with the tragedy in the old church, and indeed some people will never succeed in getting tliem properly sepa rated. A philosophic person might have found some pleasure and profit from observing an illustration of the growth of the myth evolving itself out of the daily developments of legend concerning the life and death of Jcthro Merridew and Christian Pilgrim. One rather popu lar theory was that Christian was Merridew's son, and consequently the brother of the circus woman ; that Walter Fitzurse had made love to her and then abandoned her ;- that Merridow died of grief at seeing what a wreck she had become; and that Pilgrim tried to kill Walter out of revenge, and, failing in liis purpose, endeavoured to escape, and was accidentally killed in the effort. As far as the more intelligent part of the public were concerned, Romont's evidence made the whole story clear enough. Pilgrim's reason had suddenly deserted him; and Walter Fitzursc's assailant was for the time a mere maniac. From what may be called the Bow-street point of view Fitzurse was in nowise to be blamed. He was defend ing himself the best he could, and, hut for Romont's inter vention, he would have been killed. The event made a terrible impression upon Fitzurse. For a while his whole nervous system was so shattered that it did not seem certain his life, or, at all events, his reason, would not go. He was taken to Fitzurso House and cared for there by Mrs. Pollen. When he was getting a little better Janette came to see him. They bad a long interview ; no one present, of course, hut these two, the husband and the wife. The result told very briefly by Janette was, that they agreed to separate, he to go to the 'United States and try to make a way for himself there ; to do liim justice, it was he who in sisted upon this. Then, after a time, if their affection for each other seemed to return, they could come together again. 44 Something tells me,' said Janette, with solemn eyes lookinginto the eyes, of Mrs. Polleil, 44 that we shall not meet again,' Mrs. Pollen thought, in her secret heart, that it would be just as well if this prophetic warning were to become vended, but she did not say anything of that kind to Janette. 44 She loves him still — after all,' Mrs. Pollen thought. 44 If there is anything in him he may have a chance even yet.' _ Meaiforhile the hope was something for Janette to live on, despite her boding; and she was, perhaps, not alto gether unhappy. Her sister Alice clung to her now with a plaintive and eager affection, praying for lier love— for all nerlove. 44 You must give me all vour love, Janette ; you must, indeed, now that he is gone.'* They buried Christian Pilgrim in the old churchyard. His body lies just near one of the paths that lead to the wall overlooking the river. Vinnie Lammas must have trodden on that very earth the night she ran across the churchyard to fling herself into the water. Jethro Merri dew sleeps in the churchyard too. His daughter was at liis funeral, and comported herself quite decently, pooplc said, considering that she was a circus-riding woman. To days of excitement succeeded days of reaction and depression to some, at least, of our friends at the rectory. The rectory was for the most part silent as the grave. The journey to Egypt was still talked of ; but of course every one knew by this time that Camiola would not go, and Lady Letitia and Janette somehow did not seem as if they had animal spirits enough between them for such an undertaking. The rector strongly urged it, believing that they both needed to be shaken, up and that the very incon veniences and discomforts of such a joufney would do them good. He did not much mind ahout himself ; it was part of his business and liis duty to put up with things and not to want to get away from Ins post. Mrs. Pollen and Camiola were talking over all this one evening. Camiola stayed now at the rectory and now at Fitzhurse House. She had taken almost altogether to Fitzhursc House since it had come to be known at the rectory that she would not go to Egypt and what else that determination on her part implied'. Camiola had been pouring out her soul to her friend concerning her love and her happiness; and after a while she went onto s^y that there were some shadows over her happiness too, and that these came out of ' the general sadness which had settled upon the rectory. 44 You Bee I am afraid that I am part of it — part of the causcofit,' 44 Not so far as Janette is concerned.' 44 Oh no ; I didn't mean that. I was thinking of Lady Letitia, and I am still sorry for poor Georgie. I suppose he is unhappy ; bat £ couldn't help that ; I couldn't marry him. Why should I ? Bertie is all the world to me.' 44 1 always* told you so, and you wouldn't believe me.. I tell you something else now, Camiola. I am not afraid of hurting your vanity, my dear, for yon have hardly any to hurt. I don't believe Georgie will remain long uncon soled.' 44 Don't you, really ? If I only thought that I should be so glad. Don't you really ? You are almost always right, however you get at things.' 44 Well, he* was always too hysterical for me ; I have not mnch faith in that sort of thing. He was like a child — the more you try to keep him from a thing the more he wants to have it. 'No, Camiola, he won't die of love for you or any other creature that ever put on a petticoat.' 44 1 wish I might hear of his getting married,' Camiola said, thoughtfully. 44 There must be girls who could make him happy and whom he could love. There is a ereat deal that is lovable in liim.' 44 Is there ? I suppose so ; I never could quite see it, but I dare say it is so. Well, I haven't the slightest doubt that he will got married very soon, perhaps before you do.' 44 1 hope so,' said Cainiola; and there the talk ended. _ Mrs. Pollen's words might have been taken as prophetic. The very next day Camiola received a line from Lady Letitia enclosing a telegraphic message from Cairo. 44 Georgie to Lady Letitia Lisle. 44 Dearest Mother,— 44 1 have found happiness at last. I am married to a charming and noble-hearted woman, Agnes Clements, widow of Major Clements, who was killed in South Africa. We are devoted to one another; tell father; I hope you will both be glad.' Mrs. Pollen and Camiola looked at each other for a moment in a sort of bewilderment, and then both at once broke out into a peal of laughter. Their mirth was ringing still when Romont entered the roonu. ? ? ? ? - . .. 44 1 wonder who she is ?' Camiola said. 44 Oli, I know,' Mrs. Pollen answered ; 44 1 know her very well. She was vciy pretty ; she is a dreadful little flirt.' 44 Was very pretty?' 44 Yes; in a sense she is very pretty still.' 44 Still ? Good gracious, how old is she ?' 44 Not old at all,' Mrs. Pollen said demurely ; 44 1 should call her young, in fact. About my age, dear ; running rapidly into the forties, I should think ; at all events into forty. A very nice age, don't you think ? If he happens to be rather too young, that's not her fault, ym know; she would be younger still if she could, I daresay. I knew her in Cairo. She makes up wonderfully well ; you have no idea how nice she looks in evening dress and by lamplight. I should think she would settle down and drop flirtation now that she has got a nice young fellow to marry her. And just to think, Camiola, that you were really going to throw away your youth and your life and your love — to say nothing of Bertie Romont, here— on a creatine who .could be consoled so soon by a woman like that.' 44 1 don't suppose I ever really could have done it,' Camiola said, apologetically. You never could have done it,' Romont said, 44 be cause I never would have allowed you to do it ; not if I had' to carry you off like Locliinvar. I never felt very much alarm about it.' 44 Can she make liim happy, I wonder?' Camiola asked. 44 1 shouldn't wonder,' Romont answered. 44 These regular hack flirts sometimes make very good wives for the Sort of men who like them. I shouldn't like them myself, but every man to his taste. Our friend Georgie apparently does.'. 44 It's a good lesson for one's vanity,' Camiola observed, gravely. 44 1 might have thought he was dying for me.' 44 Fact is,' Mrs. Pollen said, 44 they don't die.' 41 Don't they?' Romont asked. 44 What about poor Pilgrim ? I am convinced that love was in one way or another the cause of his death. He went mad, I grant you, but it was love that did it ! ' 44 Then I will put it differently,' Mrs. Pollen said; 44 the men one wouldn't inind-dying for never die for us.' 44 I would die for you,*' liomont said, 44 if you wanted me to ; and if Camiola would give me leave.' 44 But she wouldn't, and^-ou know it ; and that sort of dying is easily done. I feel vciy sad about poor Pilgrim all tho same.' The journey to Egypt was of course given up now. Lady Letitia felt no very passionate longing to see her son's new wife. The campaign was all over, and Georgie would probably soon coihe home. Lady Letitia felt wretched over the whole affair, and perhaps could not quite keep from secretly blaming Camiola because she had not married Georgie at once and out of hand, and so prevented all possi bility of his ever marrying the fading widow. 44 Our only hope must be that she will not fade too soon,' said the rector, with a determined effort to make the best of things, 44 and that his glamour may continue, so that 6he may not fade for him. You see, Letitia, he would never have done for a girl like Camiola. Although he is our son, wc can't help admitting that, can we ?' 44 No ; I suppose not. Bertie Romont is certainly much better suited for her ? ' 44 Oh, yes, ever so much better ? ' 44 And as it couldn't be our son, St. George, I am very glad it is Kitty Romont's son that is to get her. I posi tively will go and sec Kitty Romont again. Fancy all that ha6 happened since I saw her last ! ' It was arranged that the marriage of Romont and Camiola was to take place very soon, and was to be alto gether a quiet affair; the married lovers were to goto Italy ; the Lisles were to go to a German bath, taking Janette with them ; the whole encampment was about to break up; some going off to be happy, o there to make tho best of things. The soft, sweet autumn was fading already into a mild winter, and Mrs. Pollen, Camiola, and liomont were standing one afternoon on the lawn of Fitzurse House. The .marriage day was coining near ; the lovers would soon go away. They were talking over many things— past, present, and to come— with their friend, whom shortly they were to leave. Amid all their happiness there was a cer tain sense of sadness at the thought that they were to part. So many things had happened lately that it did not seem altogether possible for their lives to settle down again into the familiar grooves. There were occasional moments of silence. 44 1 suppose you haven't thought yet,' Mrs. Pollen said, 44 of what you are to do with yourself in the way of a career? What is he to do with himself, Camiola? Is he still to be a professional philanthropist ? Is he ever to be J oscph the Albanian again r ' 44 Oh, no,' Camiola said hastily, and then suddenly corrected herself; 44 Yes; I think he shall be Albanian Joseph sometimes, for my exclusive benefit ; I think he must wear the mummer's disguise on every anniversary of the day when he rowed us on the river ; don't you remem ber that day?' 44 Yes ; I remember,' said Mrs. Pollen. 44 1 think you too must see hini on these great anniver saries, Mrs. Pollen. We must have you.' 44 If I am anywhere near,' said Mrs. Pollen. ' If you are anywhere near ?' Camiola asked, surprised. 44 You don't propose to be veiy far away ?' 44 The question is,' said Mrs. Pollen, 44 what I am to do with myself now? I have lost my right hand man in Christian Pilgrim. I don't like the look cf this place while his memory is still fresh upon it. I seem to see the stains of his blood everywhere around. I shall go away for awhile, and travel with Vinnie Lammas, although I am rather sick of travel, and I shall be lonely.' 44 Come with us,' Camiola and Romont exclaim ed'in one breath, and they really meant it. Mrs. Pollen smiled tenderly on them both and said : — 44 Come, now, that would be shabby and selfish of me, would not it— to inflict myself on your honeymoon? No, my dear pair of happy lovers, I shan't do that. Perhaps I shall aric you to keep this place for me after yon get back to England, and while I am still thinking things out and not certain what I shall dg- You see, I am not quite clear whethoron the whole I have made a particularly good thing out of my attempt to put matters all to rights In Fitzureeham. I wonder whether Pilgrim might not be alive 'and Janette Lisle unmarried, and Walter Fitzurse still spooning on little Vinnie Lammas, if I had never come near the place ? I begin to think I had better leave Provi dence to manage things for the future and not take on me to intervene.' 44 If you hadn't come,' Camiola said, 41 what would have happened to us I wonder, to Bertie and me?' 44 Oh, well, I fancy Bertie and you would have come all right anyhow ; I am sentimental enough still to believe that when people love like that they are not to be kept asnndcr. Bnt I don't feel satisfied with the general out come of my attempt at administration ; and, indeed, it generally seems in the worid as if the more some of us tried to do good the less we succeed ; and we had better jnst be commonplace and discreet, and let things alone. I am an unlucfcy woman, I think. Well, I'D go away for the present. Perhaps I may come back ; although the most graceful and poetic thing would be, now, to disappear and never be seen here any more, and be always an odd sort of memory or myth in Fitzurscham. 'Who knows fcut that I might in time get turned into a legend and he regarded as a saint or a ghost, or something of the kind ? Wouldn't that be better?' ' You are a saint to me— a patron saint!' Romont said. 44 Am I, really? Well, is that not another reason why I should go away, and stay away, and live on always like that in your memory and in the memory of my hand some Camiola, who is looking so particularly grave just now ? ' 44 1 can't hear the thought of your talking of going away and slaying away,' Camiola said, with tears rising in her eyes. 44 My dear, you make me very happy. You two,' Mrs. Pollen said. 44 And you make life seem sweet to me ; you make me young again. I shall drag but a lengthening chain, you may be sure, at each remove that takes me farther from you. You have done a great deal for me, and whether I am here or whether I am there, near or far, I shall have you with me always in my memory and in my heart, you two ; my two.' ? Thihcld dark eyea.weE&.maistas-^e-spekoy-asd-shs- teek-- ? — a hand of each in hers. THE END. 