' CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES- Thursday. . Owing to the incessant downpour of Wednes day evening tho ranger was compelled to close the course proper, so that trainers had to make the best of the tan and sand. Tho majority pre- ferred tho former, wh ich was in good going order. St Paul was mated out threo turns on tho tan, tho Inst being at a good strong pace. Master ; John brushed along for 4 or 5 furlongs. | This colt moves very nicely. Beckwith enn- fered/'ori the sand. Young Horatio and St Albert cantered once round, when they were joined by Maori Chief, the trio completing another circuit for good work. Louisa Berta and Tho Loafer put in some medium paco exercise. Nabocklish was tried over the schooling fences, performing very satisfactorily. Union and Geraldino strodo along on the tan. Ben Bolt, who looks well, strode along for a conple of rounds, moving in his usual frco Btyle. Chucketer was given a pipeopener. The old horse is in rare buckle Western went suitable work. New York and Bohemian put iu a strong twice round, both going strong all the way, and finished well ; tho former is one of tbo moBt improved horses here Delamia ran a sharp 4 furlongs. Epicurean and Mia Mia cantered and spirted. Douglnstan was treated to a strong circle. Goodwood pottered along gently. Sirocco putin somenicestridingexercise. Lady Lovcll and Glontworth brushed along for 3 or 4 furlongs. Chicago wont good useful work. . Highland Chief and lilondin put in eomo good work on the tan. - Lord Allen cantered. Crown Brand moved along for a mild or so, as also did Land Shark. Retort and Bonnie Lad covored a mile at a good working pace, the hurdlo racer going particu larly well. Lady. Ashtou was giyeu long ser viceable work. Eugenio spirted. Pocha- houtas and Umlierto strode along for 6 furlongs Jim Cain nnd Littlo John put in a couplo of rounds on tbo tan, increasing ihe paco the Inst time round. King of tho West and Jack went suitablo work. Greculus Esurius wont about 3 miles on the tan at a nice strong pace ; ho is a very promising looking gentleman. Victor, Waiter and Mormon went healthy exercise. The jumper Banglo was given a pipeopener on tho tan. Faithful cantered. Berkloy was striding along, while Alhanus and Footman, both looking well, were hounding along on tho tan. Brunette and Ajax went suitable exercise. In tho afternoon there wan a largo number of touts assembled on the course to see Silvermine and Bonnie Doon gallop, the former with Robertson up aud tho mare with a light weight cantered once round Om courso proper and then trotted to tho eix-ffflong post, where tlioy broke away and ran a good strong round, the Cup horse having the most to say at tho finish. He galloped strong aud well. The hurdle racer Ocean was given a couplo of turns on tho tan nt a good working paco. Ho looks nice nnd well. The Ghost and Empress wore companions over a round on tho tan. in whioh the latter, with Gorryup, showed to advantage. Graco Darling and The Crane ran a useful round, tho former pulling over her companion. Gadfly strode along for useful exercise. Millstream, who was a bit fractious, worked on tho tan, as also did Hot Iron. Moaliagrida, Lord Sutton and Upper Cru6t were cantering and spirting. The 2-year olds, Lithologist, Golden Flceco and the colt by Robinson Crusoe, from Dagmar, were pottering along gently. Friday." Friday is generally regarded as an off morn ing, but as the course proper was olosed yester day the ranger decided if the weather kept , fine to open the grass for a few hours this morning, consequently ho kept faith with tho har riers and oponed tho track soon after daylight.. Work commenced rather late, it being after 6 when a start was made. Tho brothers, Littlo John and Jim Cain, wero given a good strong round on the grass, both going well. Gierculus Esurius, Jaak and King of Tho West, the latter with a hood on wero doing good preparatory excrciso on the tan. St. Paul compassed a round on the tan, going strong and well. Mnster John, Beokwith and Kenneth woro given slow - paco oxercise. Four furlongs was the distance moted out to Louisa Berta and Eugene. Ladv Ashton put in threo turns on tho sand at a good useful pace. Newmastor and Gasburner covorod about a milo on tho Band. Crioket nnd Patience wore brushing along on the tan. Tho jumpers, Bonnio Lad and Na- booklish, were given two turns on the tan at a good swinging gallop. Blondin and Highland Chief ran homo for tbo. mile. Both tbeso horses look wolL - Lord Alton' worked slope. Claren don and St. Albert ran a useful round on tbo grass, while Maori Chief and Young Horatio woreoxerolsibgon tbo tan. Silvermine went twico round the grass for long Blow work, while Bonnie Doon occupied the sand for nice striding work. Bohemian and Now York were cantoring, winding up with a brush from the home turn. Ben Bolt went about a mile and a half, Chuokstor bringing - him along from the 8 furlongs to tbo bot tom turn the course, proper, whore bo eased off and allowed the former to finish alone. Ruby and Lord of the Manor worked on the grass Epiourean and Mia spirted 2 or 3 furlongs. Ocean' was given slow naon Western ran a mile, while NarrSng went h,« pace work on the tan. PocahontaTm0,M along for three-quarters of a mile, UmS being treated to a round on the sand. Uni and Geraldine wore striding along oa the tin Sirocco, Marmion, The Chanter and ChUm were all working on the tan. Preston covSS a milo on the grass; ho is looking pretty 2 Ceetus, Alexandria and Isabel cantered Alba nue and Footman wore despatched for a round on the tan, which tboy negotiated in good style Berkeley, Boreas and First Pop wero moving along quietly. Grace Darling was given good strong work over a mile, tho old more going strong and well all tho way. Gadfly was doing slow pace exercise on the graes. Fusee worked on tho tan. u 