POLLY'S MEMORY. [CONTINUED.) I told myselE that one trooee was very like another, and that nmuait have seen scores of trees like the weird throo before me. But it was all of no use. I not only felt that the trees were old acquaintancs, but that, at our previous meeting, they had beo haved precisely as they woro doing now. in spite of the boasted firmness of my norves, I was also certain that there was something very alarming mixed up with these old acquaintanucs, and it was quite a roliolef wheon a faint tinkling sound struck upon my oar, and gave auother turn to my thoughts. At first tihe sound rominded me of a shoeep-bell, but who would leave sheeop out on thie moor such an ovening as this? Suddenly I recollected where I had hoard it bofore. The sound came from a blacksmith's forgo Quite a cheerful discovery it seeoomed in the desolation arouud mno. Presoently a still more welcome sound that of w heols--sent me runnling down to the front door, though it was so dark when I oponed it that I could hardly see either Mlr. Burton or the dog-cart. " A rough night, Miss Westorfiold !' he called out in his cheeoory oes. "CaIIn you manage to got in? Lot me give you a hand." I scrambled up to his side and we set off towards Littlomoor, but hardly had we gone fifty yards from the door, wheontho horse slipped, struggled, tried to save himself, and then fell down. I heard the shaft of the dog cart snap as Mr. Burton fell out on one sido and I on the other. We both arose with the words, "Areo you hurt?" " Tlhank God!" exclaimed Mr. Bur ton, when hlie hoard fromn my voice that I was safe, and then ho wont to. the horso. The poor creaturo had strained its shoulder and limped with dillieulty, after Mi. Burton had helped it on to its logs. The dog cart seemed hoploe lossly broken, so far as we could make out, for it was now nearly dark. "Do you think we could got to Nowford?" I asked. "Perhaps we might hire a fly there to take us back to Littlemoor." Mr. Burton shook his head doubt fully. " ro- might manago it. perhaps, if it werone .not for. the snow; but now the ground is covered I fear we should miss our way. My horse is a clover anijinal and knows this road well, or I should hardly have managed to got back hero at all this evening." " Oh, lot us try. I think I could find my way as well as a horse." Hardly, howeverr, wore the words out of my mouth than I made a sudden lurch forward, and should have fallen, if my companion had not caught hold of me; the ground was very uneven, and I had set my foot on some soft snow which had drifted into a large hole. I began to take a loss cheeoorful view of the walk. to Nowfbrd, and Mr. Burton looked out into the surround ing gloom. "There is a blacksmith near hero," .I suggested presently. 'Of course there is!" exclaimed M:r. Burton. "flow stupid of me to forgot it! We night got shelter there for the present, at any rato, for I am afraid we must make up our minds to stay the night hero." On inspection, however, we found that the blacksmith's house contained but two rooms; one of which was occupied by'the owner's wife and a troop of little children, while the otlher was filled with a party of'wag onors, who, like oursolves, had been craught in the storm. The blacksmith, who know Mnr. Burton, offered to give hinm a shake down in the kitclheun, but admitted that he did not know what to do with a lady. Mr. Burton seemed equally puzzled, so I dre'ded matters mysolf by saying I should sleep at Wildmoor. My companions kindly tried to dis-. suado me, but had nothling better to suggest, and I firmly refused to lot Mr. Burton remain with meio. The house contained only one habitable room; Mr. Burton was neithoryoungr nor strong, and might suffer frol spending the night in an empty house with no fire and no..furnituro; but I could make mnyself comfor~tbld ia my grandfathor's room, with the help of the wraps we had brought in the car riage. I had no doubt about passing a good night; there was no danger of any one coming to such a solitary place in so fierce a storm. Altogether I had so many reasons to give that I was allowed to.take my own way; the blacksmith lent mo a lantern, and escorted me back to Wildmoor, and, without a shadow of nervousness, I bade him good. night, watched his burly form disappear into the dark, closed and barred theo door, and thni returned to my grandfather's room, feeling slightly elated, and thinking what excellent nerves Ipossessed. As I entered the spia;tmout and closed the door behind me I noticedd that i door on tihe olpositc side of the room slowly opened with a crieak ing: sound. Still I did not. fe6l frightened; I went up and oxamined . the door, and looked at the little closet into which it opened, but, as I did so, I liad a curious sensation that I had done exactly the same thing on some former occasion, though, rack my brains as I would, 1 could remem ber nothing more about it. It was as though I had a dim recollection of something which ihad occurred to me in a former state of existence, and Wordsworth's liues floated through my mind : Our birthis butasloopla, nforgettig: 'rio soul tiht rises winh us, our iife's stur, Uathi bId elswhoere itsettu ing. 'Alli couro?l, frOm afar Not In entire forgotfulncss. I could not shake off the strangns £ccl-hg; it cven accompanied me as a lay down on the great old-fashioned bed, and I fell asleeoop, musing on the strange tricks our imaginations can play on us. My sloop was dreamloss and had lasted for soveral hours, when sud denly I awoke to complete conscious ness, as if I had boon aroused by somo external cause. Tihe moonlight was streaming in through the uncurtainod window, the snow had ceased falling, but a high wind was chasing tile clouds along the sky and tossing about the bare ar,?s of the trees which I had noticed in the afternoon. I lay watching their shadows as thley played over the wall. How familiar it all scomed! And somo thing was going to happon-I felt quite sure about that; I oven felt that 1 know what was comling, yet I could not tell myself what it was that I oex pected. Never hlad I felt so porleloxed be fore; could the loneliness of my posi tion havo affected my imaginatton? Was I, Mary Winterfiold, actually suffering from a fit of nervousness ? But the strange thing was that I felt no nervousness, and was not in thile least afraid, only puzzlod at my unaccountable sensations. I fairly exhausted myself in my efforts to find out the explanation, till at last I lay quite worn out, my brain too tired to exert itself any moro, my eyes vacantly fixed on "the moving shadows which soomed to fall closer and darker than beforo. Tlhey fell closest near the little closet; and I now noticed that. the door, which I remembered closing, was again opein. 'Prosently, without aly sense of sur priso, I became aware of a chango in the shadows. They were no longer thoso of trees alone, but among them was the shlidow of a man-an old man, seemingly, to judge from the bent form and omaciated figure. I watched curiously, though still without fear, as tile shadow seemed gradually to thicken into .substance, and the old man, stooping down, raised up a board in the flooring of the closet, and began handling something wlhich lay bonoeath. It was money, I thought, from the sound, as I heard a faint chinking noise, repeated over and over again; but I could not see distinctly, and I made a movement to notice better. Instantly tihe old man turned round an angry face towards me, and gave me a fiorco look, whichl chilled me with a sudden terror. Tile calm curiosity I lhaid hitherto oexperienced was changed in a moment to a state of horrible fear. I had never before felt such an extromity of dread. I had not known thliat one could suffer such an agony of alarm. Ihad always been confident and foerless, with a touch of contempt for timid people; but now I was to learn the paralyzing effects of intense and.abject fear.: 1 cannot toll how long I remained in this state; the idea of duratioi was quite swallowed up in the inteonsity of my emotion, but it ended as strangely as it had begun. Suddenly I' felt 'my mother's arms around me, idtid',ho hushed me to sleep like a.tired·child. When I awoke in, the:iiorning the events of the. night woro fresh in my recollection, and, as I got out of bed, I reflected that my norres must be weaker thai f sII.Suspeeted for a lonely night to have prduc'ed -:such a horrible nightmare. My oeyei natdrally turned.to the scene of the night's alarm, and a strange feeling thrilled through me as Isaw the closet door was ofon. But I felt vexed at my own folly in attending to such .a trifle"' It was nothing wonderful that a badly liung door should burst open durng tile storm. I. went forward to shut it, and then found for the first time that one of the boards in the flooring was loose. I hastily knelt down and slipped tlhe blade of my penknife into the cmrack. A little pressure was enouhl to raise the board, and then my knife slipped out of my hand, falling into the space below, and I hoard the same chinking noise which I had already heard in my dream. Dreading, I haidly knIow what, I pit' my hand into tihe holei and drew out the 'identical bag of m moy whicl had been handled by the shadow man of my dream. Never surely, did the discovery of gold give less satisfaction to its finder'; my one 'foolng was:a ddoji mortification that my dream should. have.como true; thatI, Mary Wini torfield, ia sober-ininded teacher, who lhad always prided horself on sound ness of jiudgmont and strougth, of lerves, dald become suspiciously like the heroine of a ghost story. . fairly cried with disgust, vexation, and bowildermenont.. A knock'at the door made me dry. my oyes and inake an effonrt at conm posuro before going down to admit Mr. Burton. " Miss Winterfiold, I hdpo you are quite weoll!" hooe exclaimea. "Yuba look as if-" . Re stopped short, but I conipleted his sentence. As if I had seen a ghost, you would say;. Is it not mortifying? And my norves have always boon so good,'. I added, ready to cry again. " 1 think it is only natural if you did feel a little frightdned alone in that gloomy house," said Mr. Burton, kindly. " lh, I' should not- have minded that. It is only my dream proving true wnhich disturbs me," was my in coherent reply. And I oroceodod to toll my story to Mr. Burton. "I can relieve your mind on that point,l' ho said, whoen I came to the clhinliug of the moneyi " de sound you -heard -.was no doubt from the blacksmiths: forgoe. -e was up at' four o'dlock this morning,;probably ydo: wer-e dreaming at that: time; as yonasy theli moon was shining who. you aw?6ke,.and it did not rise till half-past three.. SBut that would 'not account for my finding thi money.', M'3onoyl 'Do you--msean to say you actually fouimd mtioy ?" said Mr. Burton: " This is really inte resting."" And it was with great alacrity that lhmo 'old goeitleman followed me up ttdirs5 and proceeded-to invostigate mattors' foi hiiitslf. - Besides' the bag of gold, the hiding hlace contaiited'a' bundlo of papers, which interested Mr. Burton even morethan tihe money had dlone. IHo looked them carofully through, and then turned to me. "I congratulato you upon your fortunato discovery, Miss Winterfieldl; those papers aroforeign bonds and securities of considorable value." And he mentioned a sum which sounded fabulous to my simple notions. At any rate,3 there wduld be no doubt now as to the prudence of George and Ettio's marriage, and this was a result which I felt would be cheaply purchased by living through half-a-dozen ghost stories. lWhat an evening 4hat was when I returned to toll Ged~oger of our good fortune, and Ettie was there to hoar thlie wonderful news. Nor did it lessen my satisfaction when George, after a careful examin ation of some old letters, which had been found among tlhe papers, told me that he believed hlie had dis covered a clue to the mysterious man nor in which they -had boon ro covered. The letters in question were written byy father and mother, and word apologies and oxplanations of an inci dent which had occurred whoen the latter was on a visit to my grand father. From these we gathered that the old mnan hlad long boon addicted to miserly habits, though not to tlhe same extent as in later years. My motlher on one occasion paid a visit to Wildmoor, taking me with her, and, by some mistakeo, instead of putting me to bed in tile room intended for me, hlad laid mo to sleep in my grand father's bed. She did not discover her mista?co till somne little time after the old gentlemai lind gone up to his room. She had boon sitting down stairs in the parlour, occupied wivth a bit of needlework, when she was summoned to my side by a shriek of terror. She rushed into the room to find me in an agony of fear and my grandfather in a furious passion. - I-o declared that we should leave the house instantly, upbraidiug my mother with having set me to spy upon him; and my motlher was so alarmed herself, she would gladly have gono at once; but it was a rough night, and a snowstormn during the previous day made thle roads impassable. With some difficulty, she persuaded tile old man to lot us wait till tihe morning, and carried me off to her room, where she hushed me to sleeoop in her arms. SSuch was my mother's story as she wrote it to my father; and lhe ap peared to have sent it on to his father with a'letter of - explanation of hisi own. - . , - This.loetter had -never been opened; George was the first person to break thel'seal; how it came to be Wvith the other- pkpers we could only guess. - My parents had been silent about tlis visit; they feared thal t any aUu sibn tb it might rovive the terror which I had uffored from, and which, fdr a time, affectedmy healtlh. I must have been very. young at the time, certainly not more than three years old, if. as much,, and - appeared to entirely forget myj psiiiful adeontuire. To tihe face that sufficient recollec tion of it lay dormant in my mind, to be called forth under the stimulus of so many of the original- cirbinm-stances -the snowstorm, tlinihadow?r of the trees, the sleeping :in:the. room and the old bed; even the. blacksmith's hammer, which represented the clink ina .of the money, being repoated-to this fact do we all owe our present. rosperity; and at last George has learned to speak in resiecetful terms of Polly's wonderful-memory. 