Mysterious Disappearance of a Young Man Affected with Religions Mania. LAST week, a young man, named Ludwig BayrhofEer, employed as clerk with Messrs. E. Marwedal and Co., left bis lodgings in Herries- Btreet, Toowooinba, under circumstances which appear now to be somewhat suspicious. From what we can gather the facts are aB follow : — On the evening of Thursday last he was seen walking in the direction of the main range, ami when accosted said he was going north on some business for Mr. Marwe.lel. He, however, re turned to his lodgings at Mrs. Wedii's, and went to bed, but during the night be must have got up and left lite house, although no one.heard any noise, but in the morning his room was empty. On the table was found two letters, one in English and the other in German, addressed to the Rev. Mr. Langebecker, German minister, and a parcel of business books belenging to Mr. Marwedel, tied in brown paper and sealed. The letter in English is as follows : — "Pleaso take possession of all my things and property at the Government Savings Bank and Mrs. Wedd's, and do with it what you believe is best in Jesus Giirist. Please receive my home letters for ine whenever they arrive and pray with me joined in love to the Lord to give his blessing in Jesus Christ to my dear old father, and to the other family. Also, we pray for the Queen and the j German Emperor and the whole Christianity, hut, before all, let us pray for the poor heathens, that the holy word of God might lie fulfilled in their hearts. Pray for me, joined in love, that the Almighty God might bless mo with his Holy Ghost, to do His will in ine through our beloved Saviour and Redeemer, Jesus Christ."' The letter concluded with the Lord's Prayer. Accompanying the letter was a bank pass-book showing a credit balance of £35 17s. 6d., the address of his father in Germany, and an' order to pay £1 to Mrs. Wedd, his landlady. His employer, Mr. Marwedel, states tint for some time past, BayrhofEer line exhibited signs of men tal depression, and appeared nt times to be suf- fesing from loss of memory, and nimble or unwilling to attend to duties. On being remon strated with, lie said he would take the books home to his lodgings and post them up there. He was permitted to do so, an 1 for several days did not come to the office atoll. On Mr. Marwedel obtaining possession of the books, lie found that nothing had been done to them, but along with them was enclosed a pocket bible addressed to " Mr. Marwedel. In the telegraphic correspondence of tho Cou rier it \b stated that a revolver Bayroffer had in his possession was missing, thus leading to l lie conclusion that the poor man was purporting committing Buicide. We learn, however, that this is not the ca=e, for the revolver was found amongst his effects taken possession of by Mr. Langbecker. It was evident, however, that Baj rhoffer was suffering from religions manm, ami hail some days ago expressed his intention of joining a mission for the conversion of aboriginals Whe ther he has gone to the bush with the intention of carrying out this idea which had evidently taken possession of his mind, it is of course im possible to tell, but it is certain religious things have been uppermost in his mind for some 'ime paBt. As soon as he was missed the police were communicated with, and a search paity organ ised by Mr. Ruthning of over 20 volunteers, were our in all directions yesterday, hut up to ten o'clock on Tuesday night, no trace whatever of the man could be found. In order that he may be identified, we append a description of his appearance : — Age about 26, dark hair, and large prominent eyes, height about 5ft. 3in. or 4in., and broad shouldered. He was dressed in a dark tweed suit, and black Boft felt hat. Bayrhoffer was a native of Frankfort, and had only been in the colony about twelve months. He had no relations here, but was well known as a quiet Bteady young man, and waB much respected by his employer. 