the novelist. children of gibbon; By Walter Besant. book ii. Chapter XIX. Tottenham churchyard. TOTTENHAM When the man left liim Claude remained j Standing and mechanically listened for bis ■^tsteps on the Bt&iva; ; they were as light as ie steps of a girl and almost as noiselesB, it be heard them on the gravel in the street f„Iow. Then they ceased and he lifted bis and breathed a sigh of reliet He was I one. It is something to get rid of such a iresence, though one knows full well that t wiU come again. Over his mantel- shelf (jere was a cabinet adorned among other ■hings by a small square of looking-glass, in Biich lie caught thesight of his own face. T[e shuddered and crimsoned with Bhame— or he saw the face of the man who bad just eft him. Only lor a moment the resemblance lashed across the reflection and disappeared g it had come, but he had seen it, he was his Tie took up the photographs of the two drls which he had laid upon their faces vhile the man was with him. The same I ^=omhlance crossed Violet's face in the same » other than his daughter. . . , , , Te was, then, the son of a convicted felon, i burglar a ticket-of-leaye man, a habitual s burgmi. ^ jje ija(i formerly thought tTmcndacioualystatedfabrifilius, the son omith not the son of an honest man thoa8e m mor?he cherished with filial pride Sadmiration; but oi a man who had spent « „t nf his life in prison; he had been all fife going about under false pretences ; h v ry name was false ; it was Carey, not Monument at all; James Carey, his father, ros a most notorious and celebrated burglar; *j3 very christian name was chosen for him In honour of an| illustrious thief. A burglar «rid a convict—the one goes very naturally and fitly with the other. If a man's birth ■were a m^tery and he were tempted to pry £to the secret and discover the truth in the hope of turning out a baronl or an earl, and wore then to find out that his father was net b nobleman at all, but only a rogue, there would be little pity for that man, because, given an unknown father, and remembering that there are more rogues than barons in the world, the chances are m favour of the less desirable connexion. But when a man has all his life rejoiced in the honour oi hia father and been as proud of him, though he was but a locksmith, as if he had been a baronet, and now has such a father sprung noon him suddenly, that man is very greatly to be pitied. He needs all the pity and sympathy that the world has to offer. It is one thing indeed to have it whispered that you are self made, son of a working man; and another thing to hear it whispered, each (whisper ringing in your ears like the blast of Fame's trumpet echoed from pole to pole, that you are a son of a—Convict. Claude heard that whisper already, the .corn was full oi the echoes of that .whisper. They rang from wall to wall from floor to Epiling „ "I will emigrate," he said, "I will take notber name—I will go to some i&f; off :olony where no one will know who I am.' A foolish resolve Because there is no Btolony, near or far off, which .will receive pny ■man without knowing all atmut him; who was his father; what he has done. He may keep these things secret. Then' he will enter no better society than can be found at a bar or in a saloon. He wjll be a declasse. London is the only place for such conceal ment He who travels, as tbe poettells us, may change his sky, but not his mind. He may also change his name, but never his history, and that, whatever it is, the colonials will know before they admit him to .their society. He remembered immediately that he conld not emigrate, because he could not leave his people. He thought of the - misery which might come to them; to his mother; to his brother Joe ; to Sam, proud, like himself, k>f bis honest father; to Melenda—to Valentine first, and to Violet next He thought of their defenceless condition—conld he leave them ? Could he go away and leave them to the tender mercies of thiB—creature ? One must not speak evil of one's father; one should not think evil of him. Therefore, it is well that there exist certain neutral words, which only carry reproach by the manner of expression. Thus— ' this—gasp—creature," " this—gasp -man," " this—gasp—womanMoses said, j then he broke the tables of stone—"this— I gasp-propfe." We can use such words as f gasp and all without breaking any of the! commandments. ! He stood in his silent room for an hoar, trying to look the thing in the face, and fast mg; altogether then a thought, a feeble mought, struck him. Joe it was who said tnsi lather was dead. What if the man was animpostox? Why did Joe say he was dead? | "fat reason could there be for Joe making : FM story? He forgot the evidence of the ; looking-glass and Hie photographs for the | moment, catching at a straw. He would so Smn(!S.cl.anu,c9n8ult Joe- His mind was so ! ffita-bhd with the burden of this hor : jjle discovery that he actually forgot that it I He seized his hat and I ham iatent to 864 10 Totten i * down Fleet-street where there I ionniBii ii I^°P'e about, especially late aliw^in!? ;iUp hudgate-hilb which was still of lifo flongCheapside, where the stream 1 thread A^u8tl! I?nJlinS» hut in a narrow tows * e nk th?re were the last omni Bntfw?-n 8reat. ■houtlng and a crowd. wa8.Tiiet Whetherthe streets no diff? or ljue'» crowded or empty, made feRSSS!"! m4 *»*be shuHwT?,0* Jo«e house, with its dosed , ana arawh blinds,be realised for the jwtume that it was the very dead of night, two in the morning, when every slew. soundest. He might.knock up bto but what excuse could be made to ™ wife and »>k;m— - * whicbi , taugUV • undsthtsm] ne might sit down end SUMh hist ^jnauy years ago Tottenham - ... email town fall of pleasant lanes, spacious houses, leafy orchards, and splendid gardens. With memories of Isaak Walton and the high crown and the famous arbour—" the con texture of woodbines, Bweetbriar, jessamine, and myrtle "—and the seven sisters, and many goodly mansions inhabited by great London merchants, and of Quakers fiery for the faith and abounding in good works. The Quakers have mostly gone; the big houses are mostly polled down; rows of streets lie to right and left, ugly, with grey brick and mean design, and monotonous uniformity. Claude strolled about these new streets, slowly and wearily. His first excitement was wearing off; besides, he was feeling tired. Presently he took by accident a road which led him past the new houses and into the region of old Tottenham—such of it as still exists. He was in a lane with walls on both sides—they were old red brick walls, with stone crop and wallflowers on top, but these details escaped him in the darkness—beyond the walls were trees, and beyond the trees were gardens, and the night air was heavy with the scent of a thousand flowers; the flowers of early autumn when the mignonette is still sweet and the honeysuckle and jessa mine still blossoming. The lane led him, he perceived, to the church, which stood a dark mass with a black tower outlined against the sky among the white tombstones. He opened the gate and stepped within the churchyard. Tottenham Church has a very good church yard, full of interesting monuments of un known people, and in the daytime you might wander there for a long time, and learn quantities of history just looked at in the bald disjointed way common to tombstones. You might, but you cannot; because they have stack up a row of spikey iron railings along the path bo that no moralist, unless he have long legs, can even get any good out of the churchyard at all. It is an abominable, unchristian custom. What should we say if the Catacombs of Home, or the Cemetery of Aries, were to be closed for ever, and their messages and lessons to the living were to be read no longer? What if they were to hang curtains before all the tablets in West minster, and rnb out the inscriptions of Eshmnnazar? This, however, if yon come to think of it is exactly what the worthies of Tottenham nave done for their folk. At Waltham Abbey, too, this thing has been done, and at St. Giles's in thecity, and, I dare say, m hundreds of churchyards. There are also two splendid yew trees in the church yard, which ought to be surrounded by benches for the old folk to sit upon in summer evenings j but they are within the spikes, and there is no bench round either of them, and bo another opportunity is lost nntii there comes a Vita with a touch of poetry and sentiment, and then the spikes will be taken away, and the benches will be put np, and the dead will resume their solemn lessons to the living. Claude was more desirous of resting than of reading the monuments. It was too dark to read, in the first place; besides, he was not in a moralising, but rather in an accusing and rebellious mood. He stepped over the spikes, being tall and long of limb, and, find ing a flat stone, sat down npon it, and tried to think connectedly, which he had not as yet been able to do. It is something just to put the case plainly. Three or fonr hoars ago, he explained to himself, he had sud denly come into possession of the most unde sirable thing in the whole world, a thing absolutely impossible.to get rid of, .or to for get, or ever to put away and hide—a disgrace ful and shameful father. Try to think, yon of the majority, whose fathers have lived blameless lives and left an honourable record behind them—put it to yourselves—what it wonld have been to you had they—like Claude's father yon will find a difficulty in finishing the sentence. When your doctor discovers that yon have got a disease which he will never be able to cure, which you will have to carry with you to the grave, a harden which will never fall off your shoulders, you presently, when the shock is over, fall to inquiring after the various methods employed by the faculty for alleviating the horrid thing. Just as the man who has to carry the knapsack is always trying to adjust the straps into the most comfortable position possible, Claude began already to adjust his straps. It was a horribly heavy burden which was laid upon his shoulders. It might even render im possible for him the only life which he thought worth having—the life of culture among men and women of culture. How could the burden be alleviated? There seemed bat one way. It was the way already adopted by Valentine. The man—his father —must be bribed into effacing himself. No one must see him except Claude himself. He must bear the burden alone; he must keep the secret to himselL Perhaps when the man quite understood that his only chance of getting money was to keep quiet and ont of the why, he wonld do so. It he disobeyed—why then—Claude ground his teeth—then he might do his worst—and then poor Violet 1—poor Valentine 1 He sprang to his feet in an agony of wrath and shame, for, in such a case he coold do nothing for.-them, nothing at all bat sit down with them in sack-clotn and ashes, and remember that this was only the first generation, and that there were yet two, or even three, to fol low, with the Bins of their grandfather drag ging them down as they strove to climb upwards. The annals of our ancestors are for the most part forgotten, so that it is only in great families where history is preserved and handed down to posterity that the tragedies, the disgraces, and the shames are remem bered. To do the great families justice, they seem rather to rejoice in the desperate vil lanies of their ancestors. But the evil deeds of the rude forefathers are for the most part vanished into oblivion, no longer remem bered. no more talked about by the second vereu« uu uiuns uu&cu; auuub uy me wwuuu and the third generation. Who rcmembereth that the great ancle of the family baker— himself a worthy man—was hanged? Who careth that the respectable family solicitor had & grandfather sent to Botany Bay ? What difference does it make to the vicar that his father's sister—the thing having been care fully concealed—ran away with 'the groom? All these stories are clean forgotten and out of the people's minds; bo that the Bins of the fathers do not seem always to pursue the generations which come after. Yet there are some hereditary disgraces which nothing but the waters of Lethe can wash away, W here is'Jthat benevolent stream? In what region, in what nhknown corner of the earth, does its cnrrent flow"? How shall we find it so that we may make that which hath been vanish away, and,become as if it had never been? There is a way—religions men tell as that way—by which things may be forgiven; but I have never.heard that they will be for-] gotten.' 1 suppose it was about two o'clock in the momifig when Claude eat down opon the tombstone,, hie mind torn by these and a thousand other thoughts, which took shape in the .twilight, and bitted before his eyes like gbpsts fn the deep Shadows of. the place became feces which mocked At him; he saw the figure of himself ivahdednfe with downcast eyes and bowed head; the shades of Valentine and Violet fall at his feet, weeping and sobbing for shame and disgracehis brother Sam stood before him with helpless rage in his eyes; Melenda turned away in humiliation from her friends, and hid her proud face; and his mother wept because the Jhkig she hod concealed so long from her children had cbme to light at last The night was not dark, but there were black depths beneath the trees and in the recesses of the church ; this light is favourable for a procession of ghosts. Then there was a waning moon rising in the East, and the sky was clear and the air was BtilL The silence fell upon his heart, but did not soothe him. The dead men lying around him tried to whisper comfort in his ear. " We have lived ; we have suffered ; we are dead. Our suffering is over ; yet a little while and no Bhame or disgrace can touch you—your lot shall be with us." Yet the words brought no consolation. The soft air of the night tanned bis cheek, and murmured gently—" Live out thy lite. This thing can do thee no harm; go on as if it had never been." And again— Bear it alone, and hear it with brave heart, for the sake of those who might be crushed beneath the burden." But these words failed to comfort him. And again—we areascoffing and infidel generation, but in all times ot sickness, sorrow, or any adversity, there are certain words which rise up in the mind of every Englishman, though he believe in nothing at all but his own in fallibility, out of an old Book which it is a fashion to dishonour, to neglect, and even to deride—so in Claude's mind there arose and lingered certain words, which need not be eet down, concerning strength and trust, and presently he lifted his head, and saw the grey dawn spreading in the East and heard the birds twitter in the trees around him. Then he got up—the air was cold—and he shivered, it was light enough now to see things all with clear ontline in the chill morning light He tried the handle of the door of the Great South Porch ; by great good fortune it was open. Within there is a bench on either side; he thought he would sit down there. But he tried the handle of the church door. Wonderful accident I That, too, was open, and he stepped within the church. It was fast growing lighter; the painted windows (the lower windows are all painted in Tottenham Church) were be ginning to show a glow of colour, and a pale light shone in the clerestory window, making bays and columns mysterious and ghostly. Then the windows grew brighter and the columns warmer, and presently the East sprang suddenly into splendour when the sun rose and the colours fell upon pillar and on wall, painting the figure of Ferdinando Hey borne and Richard Kandeler and Eliza his wife. With the daylight the ghosts and devils of the night fled shrieking, and Claude stood upright, facing the splendid sunshine, and remembering that he was a man, with a man's work before him, and a man's duty to bear and his bnrden to endure, and his honour in his own band, and that the past was dead. Therefore—I do not explain the phenomenon, bnt I state it—while his strength and courage came back to him, and he felt once more the power of hia will, and peace returned to his soul, his eyes overflowed with tears, and he sat down and hid his face in his hands, and then—he fell asleep. It was nearly eight o'clock when he awoke and went out of the church. The bnsiness of the day, so far as concerned the birds in Xhe gardens round the churchyard, was already pretty well over, because the sun, who gets up at half-past five in the middle of September, was already nearly half-way towards high noon. It was too late, more over, to see his brother, who would now be on his way to the workshop, or perhaps already deranging somebody's pipes and laying the foundations for an attack of typhoid, or for a boiler explosion, or an over flow of the hath, or an escape of gas—for Joe was really clever in his own line. But that mattered nothing now; he was not going to tell Joe or any one else at all. It should be his own secret "I wish, however," he said, " that I had a clothes-brush. And my boots would be all the better for a little attention. I'll go and see my mother." She was already dressed and in her arm chair. To his astonishment, Valentine was there too. The fire was bnrning brightly, the kettle was singing, the cloth was spread, and she was making the tea, looking fresh and bright enough to raise the spirits of a man going in for a competitive examination. " That is the step of my boy," cried the old lady, while he was yet afar off. " Claude!" cried Valentine. " You here at this hour?" Claude stopped, and kissed his mother. "Give him a kiss, Polly,"she said in the quick peremptory tone with which she ordered her daughter about, " Can't you kiss your own brother, child f Valentine blusued. but obeyed—that is to say, she offered her band as a substitute for her cheek. " Suppose," said Claude, when he had paid this knightly homage, " suppose I had got up early in order to walk here and have break fast with you, mother? But how is it you are here, too, Valentine." " I stayed with mother all night, because her nerves were a little shaken, and I did not like her to be alone." "I'm glad to see yon, my dear. Polly, go and buy two Or three eggs and a bit of bacon. TheboymuBt be hungry. Have you got any money, child ? Now, ran and make haste." Valentine nodded to Claude and laughed, and ran npon her errand. "She's a teal good girl, Claude," said the old lady. " That a what she is, mind; there's nobody like Polly. Don't yon let her be put npon by Melenda. She's got a heart of gold, and she thinks of everything. The other day I had a dreadtul fright—oh I a most terrible fright, and it pat me all of a shake " What was it. mother f " My dear, I thought I heard a footstep—it was a footstep that I knew, and the second time I beard it-the step of a dead man— your father, Claude. It Was only a dream, I know, becausePolly die came in a minute or two afterwards, - and she a&id; there was nobody. But it gave me snch a shake as I never had before ; I haven't felt like myself ever since. But Polly, she don't mind staying here."" ' ; " What time waait, mother}" " In the eFening*bout eight o'clock. Polly stayed ell night tilth me . because I was afraid." 1 And yon—yon "heard nothing more, did yon?" il . ■' v No.nothingmore. Itwaspnlyadream, yon see. 13nt it gave me a terrible turn. When a person is blind, ahp feels these fancies more than most,'' - 5^s ,; "Don't thlnk any more abont it," said Clanda It mbst have been the step of his father i but how await that -Valentine saw no one ? And how could he have got his Temple address? Then Valentine jcame back with her pntDMMl- - .''Yon don't toofcweU, Claude," Bhe said 'VYon havedaik nonnmnd your eyes and Cn are palQu Have you been sitting up ter. ^'lummy weili hut I thought you veto looking pale, Valentine. There is nothing! the matter, is there ?" "What should there be?" she answered,; with the approved evasion. Involuntarily they watched each other,! both thinking of the dreadful secret they knew and would keep from each other. And once Claude met Valentine's eyes, and they were full of pity. Why did she pity him?| Yet, if she knew, how would she pity him?1 He could not mistake that expression which would be read and understood by the merest beginner in the art of thought-reading. Why did Valentine pity him 1 She knew nothing, j "Eat your egg while it's hot, my dear," sail the old lady, pleased to have her boy with her. " You were always a famous boy for an egg. Polly, my dear, cut his bread and butter thick. And plenty of sugar in his tea. What a boy he was for sugar 1 Claude, it's twelve years and more since you had your breakfast with your mother. If I could only see you, my dear, with my own eyes eating hearty as you used. I suppose you've grown out of bread and dripping. Polly, is the bacon kept hot for him ? Don't let him say we sent him away hungry. I hope the loaf is to your liking, my boy ? I wish we had some jam for him. Cut him a crusty bit, Polly. He likes crust. You and me can eat the crumb"—and so on, because her boy was at breakfast with her, and because, as women use, she made a king of him, and of herself and her daughter she made his slaves. Claude ate and drank, being hungry after bis night in the open, and he laughed and joked. Between him and Valentine—each saw it, and thought it hidden from the other —stood the spectre of a grey-headed man with cunning eyes and smooth face, holding out his hands for more, and threatening to turn all this innocent joy into mourning, and all their pride into sadness. 