PRESENTATION TO THE BISHOP OF GOULBURN. On last Wednesday week October 20, a large and influential meeting of the clergy of the diocese was held at Bishopthorpe, when an address, expressive of loyalty, affec- tion, and esteem, was presented to his Lord ship the Bishop of Goulburn. All being assembled in the drawing-room, after prayer the Ven. Archdeacon Druitt rose and said — My Lord, we think the time has arrived when we, as clergy of the diocese, who have been treated with unvarying kindness by your Lordship, should express our sympathy with you under the present trying circumstan- vac; , . , . ces' connected with our beautiful cathedral-; : also our regret that one on whom your LoVd- 1 ship has showered every kindness, and raised 1 from a position of comparative obscurity to the highest a clergymancould hope to occupy in the the colonies, should have lifted his heel against you. Archdeacon Pownall will now reod an address, signed by thirty-two of your Lord ship's clergy, in which we have endeavoured to express ou: love, confidence, and esteem. We trust your Lordship and Mrs. Thomas may long be spared to remain among us, and that your work may he abundantly blessed to the advancement of the Anglican branch of Christ's Cu'.holic Church, the welfare of which you have s > much at heart. The Ven. Archdeacon Pownall then read the address, as follows : — To tho Right Rev. Father in God, Mesne, by Divine permission, Lord Bishop of Goulburn. May it pleas- your Lordship, — We, the undersigned, being licensed to the cure of souls in your Lordship's diocese, desire to express our deepest sympathy with you in the opposition your Lordship has met with in the developeraent of the Cathedral sy stem of the diocese, and the painful posi tion in which you hare so unexpectedly been placed. We cannot help expressing our grief at the same, knowing as we do your Lordship's earnest and self- denying labours in the erection of St. Saviour's Cathedral, and your great and unvarying kindness to all over whom " the Holy Ghost hath made you over seer." We hud hoped that the full expression of opinion given by the synod of the diocese, in the passing of the Cathedral Ordinance, combined witli the generous offer that was then made to the incumbent of St. Saviour's parish, would have removed all difficulties, and we cannot but deeply deplore the continuance of what is so detrimental to the best interests of the church. We venture, thon, to express to your Lordship our feelings of sympathy, affection, and loyalty, under the trying circumstances and the misrepresentations to which you have been subj'ected, and we beg to as sure you that we shall not fail to pray that the Great . Head of the Church, whilst giving to you the comforts of His grace, may guide, bless, and crown with suc cess the arduous undertaking in which you are en gaged, that of laying, on the true lines of the Anglican Church, her foundations in this diocese. We also feel that in the erection of the noble and beautiful Cathedral of St. Saviour, your Lordship has, by enlisting the sympathy and generous help of churchmen in various parts of the world, placed the church in this diocese undei a deep obligation, and that generations to come will point to the Cathedral as embodying past Christian |benoficence, and repre senting, as it ever will do, the devoted and self-sacri ficing efforts of the first Bishop of Goulburn. We earnestly trust that the difficulties that have arisen, may so in meet with an amicable and honour able settlement, and that the Cathedral may prove not only a symbol of unity, but also the centre of life and activity, the pulsations of which may be felt through out the length and breadth of the diocese. Again praying that the Divine blessing may con tinue to rest on your Episcopate, we are, your Lord ship's faithful and obedient servants in Christ Jesus, W. H. Pownall B.D,, Archdeacon and Canon; Thomas Druitt, Archdeacon and Canon ; E. H. A. Gwynne B.A., Canon and Incumbent of Burrowa ; A. D. Faunce, Canon and Incumbent of Yass ; A. D. Acocks, Canon and Incumbent c ofAlbury; G. M. D'Arcy-Irvine, M. A. Canona and. Iccumbent of North Goulburn ; J. C. Betta S.A.C.C., Canon and Incumbent of Bumbala ; ' D. H. Ellis B.D., L.L.D., Precentor of .St. c Savionr's Cathedral; H. E. Thomson, Incumbent . of Tumut ; George Spencer, Incumbent of Bega : James Herbert Williams, Incumbent of Junec ; Edward G. Pryce, Gegedzerick ; Charles Kings- ' mill A.K.O.L., Incumbent of Young ; Walter t M. While, Curate of Burrowa ; Julius Scott, < Incumbent of Germanton ; Richard Lee, Ineum- ' bent of Kameruka ; J. Ross-Edwards M. v., Inouiubent of Gundagai ; J. Auchinlcch-RoBH, 1 Inonmbent of Cootamundra ; Thomas Watsoa, Incumbent of Muriumburrah ; James Studda, Secretary of Church Society ; C. L. Handcock B.A., Incumbent of Braidwood ; A. C. Mosley, Incumbent of Marulan ; Thomas Symonds, In cumbent of Queanbeyau ; E. F. Hutchiugs M A., Incumbent of Binda ; E. J. Sponcer, Incumbent of Moruya; C. E. Amos, Incumbent of Bungen- dore; J._ W. Johnstone M.A., Incumbent of Guuning ; J. H. L. Zillraan, Incumbent of Gegedzerick; J. Clampott, Incumbent of Crook- well; F. A. Bevan B.A., Curate of Albnry : «T. Pritcbard B.A., Temoru ; W. II. L. Kendall, Cobargo. His Lordship, who seemed much affected, said in replv that he was most thankful to his venerable friend, Archdeacon Druitt, for his kind remarks and much gratified with the affectionate and loyal address read by Archdeacon Pownall and signed by so many of his clergy. He trusted that he should ever retain the love, confidence, and esteem mani fested by his brethren of the clergy, and thanked them heartily for kind wishes to Mrs. Thomas and himself. He then read the following reply : — " My Venerable and Reverend Brethren, — . This loyal address of affectionate sympathy from so large a body of my faithful and de voted clergy cannot but be most gratifying to my feelings ; and I acknowledge it with most devout thankfulness. It is truly a source of strength and encouragement at a time when, amidst misrepresentations industriously circu lated, I am, as always, striving to do my Master's work from the purest motives. " From the first inception of the work of building a cathedral, sixteen years ago, down to the present moment, I never entertained any other idea than that it was to be the cathedral church of the diocese, to be organised in due time after the model of cathedrals in England. It is well known that my own utterances, public and private, on the subject prove this beyond the possibility of doubt. And all my actions and, I may add, my unre mitting perseverance in collecting, with God's blessing, the chief portion of the large sum of jf, 26,000 in subscriptions for the building fund and in special gifts for the adornment and completion of our exceptionally beautiful cathedral, which I rejoice to observe that you appreciate, are a sufficient evidence of the same nature. " Surely no person could for a moment im agine that any Bishop would permit himself to impose upon the geneiosity of churchmen in the diocese, in the colony, and even in Great Britain itself, by soliciting large contributions for any merely parochial church in the diocese. Such an idea is too absurd to be entertained. " The first interruption to the project of a cathedral did not rise until the building was nearly ready for worship. And again a few weeks before the dedication of the cathedral an intimation appeared in writing to the effect that if a certain clergyman in the diocese was not made Dean he should claim to have the building treated under the provisions of the Church Temporalities Act, as his parochial church, with the remarkable proviso that the Bishop might be allowed to make use of it ' for the exercise of any peculiarly episcopal functions.' " On the subject of the synod I may observe that it possesses legal power to make binding ordinances. The synod having had ample op portunities of learning the true state of the case, has unvaryingly, as you are aware, for fourteen years declared the building to be the true cathedral of the diocese. " No intelligent member of the Church of England, approving of her polity, could allow himself under any circumstances to be led away from the central principle of the unity of the church in the diocese, as symbolised in the Bishop and the cathedral, and to throw him- self into the stream of party opposition against the complete organisation of the diocese in the limfe-honoured cathedral system of our church. " With regard to the clergy, my natural dis position, uniform desire, and Christian prin ciple of action, have, I trust, for nearly three- and-twenty years ever led me to feel and to manifest courtesy and kindness to my Reverd. Brethren. But in all ranks and professions it too often happens, alas ! that those who have for years received from their superiors too much consideration and generosity are the first to exhibit ingratitude and an utter oblivion of past benefits ! The present case is no excep tion to this unnatural sequence of events. " In accordance with your prayers God has ndeed granted me the special coiqforts of His grace in this most trying time And now thanking you most heartily for those prayers, and tor the kindness which prompted this loyal and cheering address, and assuring you 0! the sincere gratification and pleasure with which I now receive it, I pray in return that the richest blessings may descend from God the Holy Ghost upon each of you, my venerable and reverend brethren, upon your families, and upon the flocks committed to your pastoral care ; and that you may be kept to the end faithful to him who is the great ' Shepherd and and Bishop of your souls.' " I remain your affectionate and faithful friend and brother in Christ, "M. Goulburn." The address was handsomely bound in the form of a volume and beautifully engrossed and illuminated. It is proposed to expend a balance of money remaining in the hands of the treasurer in purchasing a souvenir from the clergy to Mrs. Thomas, their constant friend and hospitable entertainer. — Goulburn Herald. Indignation Mf.etings. — The conduct of members of Parliament in supporting the " Brutal Ministry " throughout the late session has given rise to a feeling of disgust in the minds of the electors throughout the colony, and a general cry tor a dissolution of the pre sent House is now being made. Indignation meetings have been held in nearly all the suburbs of Sydney, and at several towns in the country at all of which resolutions were unanimously carried to ask the Governor to dissolve the present Parliament. Prorogation of Parliament. — The first session of the twelfth Parliament of New South Wales was prorogued on last Monday by his Excellency Lord Carrington, and the vice regal address which is very lengthy, is quite as unimportant as has been the business that has been done by the legislators during the un- irecedented length ot the session. I he ad- Iress states that owing to the great depression vhich has prevailed throughout the colony or some years past, and which has been :aused by a continuance ol adverse seasons ind by the low prices of our principal pro ducts in European markets, the revenue- of the :olony has been very seriously aftected. Al- :hough the estimated receipts from various sources in connection with the administration of the lands of the colony have not been fully realised by reason of the unavoidable delay which took place in bringing into operation the revenue producing clauses of the Land Act of 1S84, it is to be remembered that on the completion of the appraisement of the whole of the pastoral lands of the colony the revenues which are still uncollected for 1886 will be re ceived in the early months of next year. The address then alludes to the different Acts that have been passed during the session, and con cludes by stating that it would be gratifying to cherish the hope that after labours of such an arduous nature as those which the mem bers had undergone, there could be a more lengthened recess than that to which they will necessarily be limited ; but the necessities of the public service require that their labours shall be resumed at an early date. Conditional Purchases. — The following conditional purchases were made at the local land office yesterday : — Henry Webb, 40 acres, county Bucclcuch, parish Napier ; Hamilton Lucas, 40 acres, county Murray, parish Bedul- lock. Conditional lease. — Hamilton Lucas, 120 acres, county Murray, parish Bedullock. Postage by the German Mail Steamers. — In accordance with the provisions of the 42nd section of the Postage Act, his Excel lency the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has approved of the levy of a postage rate of 6d. per half-ounce on letters and id. per ounce on all other mail matter forwarded from the colony to all parts of Europe by the German mail steamers. . Local Land Boards. — Meetings of the local land boards will he held as follows : — Yass, 1 ith November and 9th of December ; Gunning, 8th of November and 9th of Decem ber; Burrowa, 24th of November and 21st of December; Binalong, 15th of December. Tea Meeting. — A tea meeting and service of song will be held in the Wesleyan church at Mundoonan on next Wednesday. The tea meeting takes place at 2 o'clock in the after noon, and the service of song in the evening at 7.30. Miss Edith O'Gorman. — It will be seen on reference to our telegraphic columns that the Orangemen and Roman Catholics at Lismore have had a shedding of blood over the arrival of the " escaped nun " in their town, and that special constables are to be sworn in from both sides to maintain peace. No matter how wounded the feelings of the Roman Catholics may have been at the Orangemen escorting the " escaped nun " into the town, they should have preserved a quiet demeanour and not have resorted to acts which cannot redound to their credit, and which in all probability will cost them their liberty by being placed in prison. Crown Land Sale. — A sale of one subur ban lot, containing 15 acres 3 roods, and situated at Crookwell, will be held at the Yass lands office on next Wednesday. The Inspector of Weights Wanted. — One of the latest schemes to make articles weigh well, and gain thereby a profit, has been invented by produce merchants, who drive old ?ails into potatoes. This dodge has been known for several weeks past in Yass, and the belief is, that the nails find their way into the potatoes in the stores of the New Zealand and Victorian produce merchants. . News for Civil Servants.— We learn from the Evening Nevis that the Government has taken the first step to render the Civil Service less attractive to the colonial youth and less cumbersome for practical purposes. The ques tion of lengthening the' hours of work through out the service was fully discussed in Cabinet yesterday afternoon, and as a result an edict has been issued this morning in all the depart ments to the effect that, from the 1st proximo to the end of April, the hours of work will be from 9a.n1. to 5 p.m., and from- 9 a.m. to 4.30 p.m. during the months ot May, June, July, and August in each year. This arrangement, it is thought, will be the means of reducing con- siderably the service, and steps it is understood are also to be taken to so classify the work that closer application to their duties on the part ot Civil servants will be inevitable. The new regulations have been received with profound disgust — more especially, it is said, in the Lands Office. We fail to see how, in any way, this arrangement will tend to reduce the service. We do not see what use there will be in lengthening the hours in the country offices. In fact there would be just as much business done in any of the country offices if the hours were only from 10 a.m., to 3 p.m., as there will be from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., such a step will not tend to reduce the list of applicants for appointments to the Civil service. If the Minister who introduced this idea of rendering the Civil Service less attractive to the colonial youth, would enter the various public offices in Sydney, and see how many unnecessary clerks the present, as well as previous Ministers have given appointments to in the shape of sinecures, he would find that in all the offices, particularly in the Lands office, there were both men and youths looking at each other. Where there is not at present sufficient work for them to do between the hours of xo a.m. and 4 p.m., what is the use of prolonging the agony of the clerks by keeping them in office an extra hour doing nothing. The only way to make the Civil service less attractive to the 11 Colonial youth," is to increase the labor two-fold, and discharge half of the present employees who are on the staft of the Civil Service. The Woolgarlo Mines.— The gentleman who is to take charge of the Woolgarlo mines, is expected to arrive in Yass this morning, and in a letter that he has forwarded to Mr. McCallum, he states that he will proceed to Woolgarlo to-morrow to make preparations to commence work at the mine at once. The Melbourne Bank Defaulter. — A telegram to Friday's Echo, states that in Mel bourne, on the previous day, the representative of the solicitors for the Bank of Australasia waited upon Mr. Call, police magistrate, and stated that in consequence of information that had reached the bank authorities since the issue of the warrant against S. W. Campbell, defaulting teller of the bank, they desire that the warrant should not be executed. An order was made accordingly. It is understood that the amount of Campbell's deficiency was subscribed go-day. Bios atLismobe. — A tologram from Lismore states : — A riot took place here last Wednesday night as Miss O' Gorman, the esoaped nun, was about to com mence a lecture at the Albert Theatre. A body »f men commenced groaning, eggs and stones being thrown on the stuge, and all attempts to preserve order were useless. Ladies and others got out through the windows the beBt way they could. Exoitement waxing warm between the Catholics and the Orange- men, both parties resorted to such weapons as ohairs, stockwhips &c.;, and a free fight took place, soveral persons on both sides being much injured. During the scene Miss O' Gorman and party escaped. The Catholic party then took possession of the hall and made a few speeches, and tho excitement subsided about 11 o'olock at night. Some of tho police were present, but too few in number to preserve ordor ; and it is stated that if the Orangemen had stood their ground the consequences might have been serious, as there was ne polico magistrate here to read the Riot Aot. The furnituro in the hall was muoh injured, and several persons had nasty cuts and wounds in flicted. As the parties concerned are known, it is ex- peoted that several arrests will be mado during the Later.— Visiting the Albert Theatre, this morning, I found it a scene of confusion. The stage was full of stones, sticks, brokon chairs, floor benches, &c.;, and it was covered with blood. A fight took place in town this morning. As the Orange party say they will stand their ground and repeat the lecture, it is reported that the police have telegraphed to Grafton for instructions. There ifcrc 600 people in tho theatre at the commencement of the riot. ' Buchu-Paiba."— Quick, complete cure, all annoying Kidney, Bladder, and Urinary Diseases. At chemists druggists. Moses moss & CO., Agents, Sydney. Far, far better for you than beer ale or porter, and free from the intoxicating effects, is American Hop Bitters. Read. Towle's Pennyroyal and Steel Pills for Females quickly correct all irregularities, and relieve the distressing symptoms so prevalent with the sex. Boxes is. 1 yid., and 2s. 9d., ot all Chemists and Patent Medicine Vendors. Pre pared only by The Lincoln and Midland Counties Drug Co., Lincoln, England. Wholesale of at the Wholesale Houses. Beware of Imitations. " KEATINO'S POWDER" destroys Bugs, Fleas, Moths, Beetles, and all other Insects, whilst quite harmless to domestic animals. In exterminating lleetleB, the success of this powder is extraordinary. It Is perfectly clean in application. See the article you purchase is " KKtTINGS, as imitations are aoxlous and ineffectual. Sold la Uns Od, Is, and 2s fld, each . by all chemists. , , The Chinese on Victoria.— On many of the sheep-farms Chinamen are employed to assist, and the faith that the inhabitants of the Flowery Land have in the virtues of Freeman's Genuine Chlorodyne may be inferred from the fact that one well-known and popular sheep-owner, re siding at Narrandra and Fiverina N .S.W orders one hundred and twenty doen of Free man's Chlorodyne at a time for the use of John China man and the other employees. This Gentleman, in writing to Mr. Freeman, says—" I have much pleasure in testifying to the excellent curative properties of your Chlorodyne in many diseases during many years' residence in Australia. I have given it repeatedly, and always with good effect, both on Europeans and natives, and have never found it to fail to give relief after two or three doses." Insist upon having "Freeman's' only. Trade mark an Elephant.— Obtainable from all chemists and storekeepers. " Rough on Rats."— Clears out rats, mice, roaches, flies, ants, bed-bugs, beetles, insects skunks, jack-rabbits, sparrows, gophers. At chemists and druggists. Smokers whose Indulgence in the Weed is continuous should use just such a cordial as Wolfe's Schnapps, for these palpable reasons : Tobacco drains the salivary glands and deranges the nerveus organism. It is a powerful drug, that tells on the strongest constitution. 1 1 invites dyspepsia, heartburn, indigestion, nausea, often bringing on tremors, and its fumes impair the vision. While this elixir may not obviate these results, it will certainly brace the system against its pernicious effects. Always ask for Wolfe s Schnapps. ... Bad Dreams, disturbed sleep, indigestion, stomach gas, all vanish before American Co,'s Hop Bitters. Read and ponder. 