" FATALITY." I Br LIONEL P1P'RnROw THUUE are very few men of my age who cannot recall some strange event or events of their lives, or of the lives of people with whom they have come into contact. TheBstory I amgoine to relate, which requires no great effort of memory on my part to recall, is of a gloomy and tragic character. Twenty years ago, in this same village where I now live, and where no doubt I shall die, there was an old man of ninety years of age, ca led George Daynes, who lived all alone in a small cottage nearly a mile away. For about a year after his appear ance he led the life almost of a hermit, speaking to no one, and effoctnally repulsing all advances that were made from time to time by the curious villagers, who would have given much to know who and what he had been and was. He seemed to have money enough to supply h:s wants; and he was known to have relieved a beggar more than once; indeed, some people even went so far as to say that he was some rich man whoso great wealth had become. distasteful to him, and who, becoming tired of the world and all in it, had resolved to end his days in some remote corner of it. A rivulet flowed by thevillage. Old George Daynes passed much of his lime in fishing. People had often watched him at this oecupation, which was the only chance of looking at him unobserved; but no sign did he ever give that could lead them to form any conclusion as to who and what he was, or who and what he had been. His inscrutability baffled the most obser vant of those curious folks, who would have given anything to have penetrated the mystery that surrounded him. Oae day, while fishing, he fell in the stream. I, who happened to be at hand, rescued him. Not the slightest emotion did'he suffer to escape him at his narrow' escape from death. A strange, almost ghastly smile rested for a moment on his withered lips. Then he uttered a simple "Thank you, sir," and turned to go. I, however, insisted on accom panying him to his cottage, and wilh much reluctance he consented. Resting on my arm, he walked witi me to his lonely habitatiou. I was much surprised at the vigour he dis played. Although past ninety years of age he seemed to posess the strength and vitality of middle age, and walked with a firm and steady gait, only need. ing the assistance of my arm from the f ca that he was a little shaken and unhinged by his immersion. Arrived at his cottage, he changed his wet attire for dry garments, and then spread a repast of wineand biscuits on the table, inviting me to partake thereof. The cottage--at least, the apart ment we were in-presented no re markable features. In fact, a room could scarcely be more commonplace than this one was. The old man spoke litile. Hepar took very sparingly of the repast, drinking no wine at all-only a glass of water. I :had never had such ai close view of George Daynes as now, and: as I ldoked from time to tiiie at his face, its expression startled' me more: than once-so strange, unaec countable, mysterious it seemed to lie. My curiosity was strongly excited, and aftel' a while I pressed the old man to tell me about himself. He started when I mentioned my desire to him, and at first the only reply he made were the words: . "I am a man marked out by Fate" *Na/urally enough this strange reply increased my curiosity in no slight degree, and I pressed the old man more and more, and at length he said in a cold tone "Well, sir, baving saved my life, you have some claim upon me, and I suppose I ought not to refuse you. Come to morrow,' at.this hour, and I: will tell you the story of my life." Eager to penetrate the mystery that enveloped this strange being, I re paired punctually to the cottage next day. The old man did not disappoiiit me. He told me his story. In his own language, as nearly as I can remember it, I will give that strange and gloomy tale. He told it thus :- "tMy father was a rich man. He fell in love at 19, and contracted a secret marriage with the object of his affections. I was the only issue of that marriage. My mother died before I was three years of age. The marriage had been kept secret, and my father formed a second alliance-a wealthy one-soon after the death of my mother. He could not, for many reasons, doubtless, acknowledge me as his first-born and legitimate son, and I was left to the-care of an agent whom he appointed to look after me. ThiP agent brought me up as his own son, and I thought him my father. He behaved well by his charge, and I re ceived at his hands all the advantages that wealth can confer, for my real father paid my guardianvery liberally, besides setting apart a large annuity for my own use. When I arrived at man's estate, my supposed father, fol. lowing out the instructions of my real father, informed me that I was the son of a man of rank and wealth, who could never reveal himself to me that I would be liberally supplied with money, and also with letters of intro duction to persons of distinction ; and that I was to take any name I pleased; also that, if I took means to discover my father, my supply of money would be immediately suspended. My guardian gave me some sound advice, and we parted. " Cast- upon the world with no one to whom I could claim relationship, but plentifully supplied with money; such was Iat twenty-one. I will not d\yell upo nimy jseisations on first be ing acquainted with my strange posi tion, I will only say that I was a young man of strong passions, and of a pro foundly sensitiro mind. At first my solitary position affected me, and I was a prey to a settled melancholy and misanthropy. As I had never felt the slightest want of money, the wealth with which I was now supplied did not possess any great charm for me. But soon becoming tired of my solitariness, I plunged deep into the turmoil of the world, and spent money far and wide. It was my only pleasure almost. Toadies and sycophants fastened themselves upon me with the tenacity of barnacles, and I took a gloomy pleasure in observing how hollow and interested was the friendship they boasted. Indeed, so cynical was I become, that the friend ship of men whom I knew to be far above feeling any interested or syco phantish motive, was viewed by me:in almost the same light as was that of the unprincipled mercenaries who hung about me. "After a few years of life such as this, I saw a woman who inspired in me an emotion purer than any I had yet felt. I loved her, and she returned my love. I now viewed the world and its people through a less distempered medium than hitherto; this was the elffect of the pure passion I felt for the lady of my affections. All, in fact, would have gone well, only tha . S, . I had a rival. He was a very young man. I was some years his senior. He was somewhat more hot-headed and hasty-tempered than I. I had not formed any acquaintance with him, and only knew him by the fame he had acquired by his physical achievements. He was an athlete, skilled in all bodily exercises. 'It was not my :intention, throughout' this story, to remark upon any. of the ac tions of others. I siinmply ielto'; ,ou may f.:ofrm? your own opinions. My rival, seeing-that I had a.much 'better chanced. than .lhifihself of:wininiig the liidy (in fact;I had already' "won her), had recoubrso tb thb: asiasmt means (to him) ?of . idding ::himelff of mne. He picked a :ql-rre! ~wvithi:me.; ,.High words and hot passted betweein us. He niade': an allusion to the- more ?tihn sussicted obscurity of my birth: I in stantly challenged h'lim. He .as in-, stantly a~iepted -my ohllalege confi. dent in :id own powers, ?vhich 'ae :f~ai superior to 'mine. i ,, The formalities Ihavingr b,?en gone throigh, We m 'at ath- apoipj'.:sd place.- He, as the challengedparty,,lhad the choice of weapions: AlA duel wiih pistols is' always uncertain, for th surest and firmest hand miay swervev. As he meant to kill me,he chooseo swords. I had sdme:l kiowledge of that weapon-moie than mly antag;i nist thought.. " Our rapiers crossed. After a fiew. passes, he wounded me slightly'. The seconds interfered, but without avail as we haid'agreed upon it beingm a duiel a l' outran ce. Again we crossed, and again he wounded me. .Once more -the seconds interfered, biut with no better suOccess. " For 'the third :time our weapons moet. He , executead .a :feint, which failed. uInriecokiveing, he stumbled slightly, and his:gtard for. am oini?n fell. "el With 'tho :pidity :'of the light- : ning-flaish, and before: I could myself realise it,. my-blade pierced his heirt; and with a low, shuddering moan he fell and 'died I "'Being : young, I was naturally much affcted by the circumstance of' havidgkilled .a man, even in fair and honoitrable combat, but the duello was then of too frequent occurrence, and'I felt the ?-un's death to be too well deserved, to experience any: real grief for what Ihade.done.· Yet a -sort of gloomy, forboding came ovor me it seemed at tiiies like an omen of illfor my future '. - - :"I wedded the lady to whom I was engaged;: and 'through ? wlihom I had taken a life, about a- month: after wardsi. ' - -" As we Were about to start' on our wedding tdur, a gentleman called on mie upon the most urgent business. "The urgent business amounted to this: The young man who had fallen by my hand had had a father who loved him dearly. At the time of the duel the father had been in another part of the world, and had only just' returned, and he had sworn a most solemn oath to avenge his dead son. He had sent his friend to arrange a meeting between us. I absolutely re fused to meet him'. I had no cause for such a meeting. The secretary bore to his principal a point-blank refusal. I started with mybride upon our honeymoon tour, and you may imagine for yourself to what an extent was my happiness marred. I dreamed of nothing but the ghosts of dead sons and the apparitions of avenging fathers. "We returned to England. On the second day of our arrival, the friend of the father called again, saying. that a meeting was inevitable, and that his principal would take no refusal. - It is my fate,' thought I, and I accepted the challenge, but wrote a-note to the bereaved father, expressing the deep. aest sorrow for what had occurred, in the hope that he might yet be induced to forego his meditated vengeance, for the thought that I might kill the father as I had killed the son was hor riblo to me. But all was in vain. "We met. This time I had the choice of weapons, and I chose pistols, because then there could be no chance of my killing my adversary, for I resolved to fire in the air. " The distance was marked out, and "The signal Rwas given. Following out my intention, I fired into the air. The shot of my adversary missed its mark. The pistols were reloaded. My adversary snid-" You must fire at me, Mr '-----, and not 'into the air. I am no coward. I will not fire a shot that is not returned." " I simply bowed. We raised our pistols again. I pointed mine in his direption, and then shut my.eys, re solving to lot chance direct the ball. " We fired. We both fell--1 with a broken arm, he-dead. "I had killed both father and son. " The state of mind into which this event threw me, coupled with my wound, caused a violent and nearly fatal illness, from which I recovered slowly. " When I was my old self again (in body, for I could never be so in mind), the agent who had always supplied me with money presented himself at my house. He had, he said, something of the utmost seriousness and import to acquaint me with. "I asked him to proceed. He did sa. " With much hesitation, he imparted to me the fact that the men whom I had killed were Here the old man paused. I looked at him. His aspect was terrible. I started back affrighted; but such to me was the enthralling interest of his wild tale, that I gathered courage enough to ask him to proceed. HI-lo drank a glass of water, and said- " Tne men who had fallen by my hand were no others than-my fatlcer and nmy b other !" The last words came from the old man in a frightful, husky, thrilling whisper, and my blood ran cold asI heard them. The old man's eyes gleamed witha wild light. Presently he poured out, with trembling bhand, a glass of wiine, and drank it off, after which h'e roceeded-. "Yes; it was sO.: I had :killed my fathe :I had killed my brothar- I was a parricide-a fratricide. It wasm \---Fataliy!.. .," The abgent told me all. . . At the moment that the sense of his words burst upon me, I heard a terribile .shriek from the next room. It wvas utterod by my wife. We entered the apartments. She was lying at full. length on the carpet--dead I S"iShe had overheard the agent's words,.and the fearful shook to ono who: was afflicted with heart-disease had been fatal. ... '' You will wonder that the agent did not warn me in time to prevent the ociurirenco of these horrible events. The reason is simple He wams on . visit to America, and only heard of what -had happened long after, on his return to England. "It seems marvellous that uander such affliction my reason retainedi its seat, but so it was. ," With his death, my fathei's pro vision for me ceased, and I.was psuni-. less henceforth.: . "It::happened tl~at." at 'h ?'ire,, however, I had a large store of mofey untouched. - ": ."With it I trave!lled: 'fionorie eend of .the earthi.?to the other, khowiing ino rest, fiuding my only solace in'endlfess; varietyi h'd chanige. Have you -rad EdginrPo's " .Man_ of ~the Orowd!? " You:havw;: Then youcunl form some conception of what I was then.:. I was a living exemplification of that gloomy skbtc.h; P olitude to me ,was' frightful. Toabe aloie for an inistant was torture unutterable. Only iin the vast crodrds of cities did I-find anything like relief. The noise and turnioil of a thronged and busy'tbo~oughfare in a. manner distracted my thoug, hts. I: was a verit able Man of the Crowd. "I enideavouired to droirn my griefain wine, but in vain. I would drink, drink, Until my limbs forebore to move, and my eyes lost their sight in vain, in vain I The minid would not be killed; the: frightful spectre of theb past only became yet more frightful to" me. I drank no more. "But soon my money ran out I must" gainU a living in: asome way, or perish of hunger. Whj· did I not kill myself, you may ask? I know not I Many a time I havoe held to.my brow the loaded pistol, with my finger press ing the trigger, but I did not die, I cannot tell what prevented me frodm dying a suicide unless it :was. Fatality. ." In my leisure I had often tried my hand at painting, and found my self by no means deficient in the art. I painted now. I painted--but.what pictures! . " They were the outpouings 6f mny distracted mind and gloomy soul. They were of such subjects as-let me think-as this :-A. desert, wi'h a lurid sun setting beneath its horizon two men seated on the burning sand a dice-box between them-one drink ing the precious drops of water for which they have just cast lots ; in the expression in the distorted countenance of he who has lost I threw all the des pair and gloom of my own soul, and the result was such as startled the least susceptible of those who saw it. Allmy piotures were of this stamp. I painted many such. It became a passion with me. One of my greatest works was called " The Prisoner." It was a dark and dismal cell, to a column in which the inmate was chained. A single faint ray of light illuminated his pallid faoe, It was said to be sub lime-marvellous. In this way I rapidly acquired a large fortune. " In time painting lost its solace for me, and I ceased to practise the art. Again I was a wanderer, and spent my life in journeying about the face of the earth. I was changed in appearance to so great an ex tent that none whom I had known pre viously recognised me now. I had taken another name. No one dreamed that the famous painter was the young man of fortune of other days, and I had no interest in, or wish to, unde s eive them. . " Over sixty years having elhaped, my mind acquired a little peace; my great grief and despair yielded before time, which altres all things,. r wandered here at last--here I have. found a comparative rest, although haunted yet by the terrible spectre of, the past; here I have taught myself resignation; h re I shall die.--Be. it so." A long silence ensued now that the story was told. The old man was in. no slight degree agitated by his own wild recital. At length'I put to him a question "Had your father no other chi!dren than you and the brother you have. mentioned ?" "Ye?," the old man said, "one other, a son, who w:s only eight years old at the time my father died. : This son inherited the fortune. v' I. have. never heard of him but once, and that. was when he undortook, with others,. an expedition into, the 'intei o ii of Africa. I never kno?' ·iliethei. he returned or not." ' So strangely agitated was the o!d man by the recollections so'vividly' re called, that he could not rest :in his seat, but rose and took a turn :round the room; then he asked me to walk a little way with him. " I vish I had riot told you?. my story," he said, "' for.it makes me feel. quite like the Man of the Orowd:again. I dread"'to be alone." ;: .I did all I: could 'db in the wa. of conversation to distract 'theeld man's thoughts from that.oi whbich ithey were bent so painfuily;,' but without avail :'He spoke little, a'nd 'the' few words he did utter were: miieaningless. and vague. - A's we slowly traversed the way to. the village; -I- saw approaching..us a. man who must have been very old-. nearly eighity. My companitoni, absorbed in his own arflectionsl did not see him, and, when. heo was quite close to us, Deynes. stumbled over a tuft of grassi and felt i~eavlIy cagainst the- stranger, who, 'stepjping: bck, trtippea orei' en in equtaity in the ground, and Ibst his. footing completely. ::Falling backwards ta the earth, his. head camne in contact with the slhar,. angular fi-agmerit f a.broken bottle,. and, as o01d Diaynes regaiued his equili brium, a.horrible siglh let o0ur eyes. ' The "straugr i was lting: on the piound, wih theli -bloed Sltreaming from hie head, old.Daynes uttitd :a sound. seareoly humin, as :heo saw 'whathad barpined I took iih strangi ,up, and carried him to the cottago... . i He was insensible, but a little' cold water:pretelitly brought him round. :,Seeinig: that hec had i-regained his senses, old Daynies stooped beside the. couch on which hie lay, and ~aid, in a. irapid,' hiuky, and scarcely atticulate 0voice.: " Whob ar? youi 9 'peak 'W Vhat is. your name "?. :.The lips .of the oundead' man moved, and Daynes benti eagorly to cathli, them. I: could not hetir imyself, ibut doubtless George Daynes he'ird the. :answer to his question, for he ispirang erect and cried, in a harsh, jarring tone ."It is so-lit is as I thouglit! I have killed'the last i Fatality has pur sued. me even 'ehe-r 'aiality ! ' The last' ominous word lhee uttered was accompanied lby the.horrible,'soul thrilling laugh of thn maniac " He fell to the floir. 1 glanced at the wounded. man-his eyes, were fixed and glassy; lihe was dead I. 'Turning'again to Gcorge Daynes, I saw that he had alison.from the floor, and was seated in one of the chairs, looking vacantlybefofe him. ' Reason, which halid'pe'haps "'been before trembling in the balance, had been? ,completely overturned by the weight of this new and:frightfuil blow, and the'old man was mad;. " .. Phe restis. soon told. : DAynes"would, of course, have been .incarceraited''ili some asylum: for the -iisinaf, but ithat I, having some" in fluence, interfered, and prevailed upoh ithe authorities to give. him into iny charge. I promised to take every precaution for'his safekeeping. Life remained in lhim for nearly a year. At rare times he would con verse rationally on various subjects, but insanity would invariably return soon, the first sign of its reappearance always being that gloomy word "Fatality." At length he died. A few minutes prior to his dissolution his reason pre vailed, and he talked as would a sane man-chiefly about his will, made many years ago, in which he left all his wealth to various charitable insti tutions. But it would seem that even at the very moment of his death insanity once more usurped the seat of reason in his mind, for his dying eyee flashed for one brief instant with a dull red light, and the last faint utterance that his lips formed was that frightful, ominous word, in which, as it were, his history was contained " FATALITY." 