? A LUSCIOUS bill of fare will be discussed at Flemington on Saturday, when the Victoria Racing Club's Now Year's Day Meeting will take place. Let UB rehearse the menu:— Standish Handicap, with £300 added; six fnrlougs. Normanby Stakes, with £400 added; five furlongs. Hurdle Race, with £200 added; about two miles. Bagot Handicap, with £1000 added; one mile and n-lialf and a furlong. Steeplechase, with £300 addedabout two miles and a-half. Criterion Stakes, with £150 added; three-quarters of a mile. MB. H. BYRON MOORE, the V.R.O. secretary, directs the attention of owners and trainers to the fact that if they wish to withdraw from the Normanby Stakes (for two-year-olds) the forfeit (2 sovs.) must be declared and paid before 11 a.m. to-morrow (Friday), or nominators will be liable for the full sweepstakes—10 SOVB. each. FEED ARCHER'S fortune is now stated to be close up to £250,000. Statistics show that during his racing career he rode (in England 8084 times, and won 2748 races. THE Elsternwick Park Meeting, which had been adjourned from the previous Saturday, took place on Friday, when a numerous attendance witnessed capital sport. Walhalla (late Ironhand) was in great request for the Hurdle Race, one mile anda-half; Marron being second favourite, and in a field of fourteen they finished in that order, Olds riding a grand race on the winner. Ten started for the December Handicap, five furlongs and a-half, Gardenia, Maroney and Cestus being most fancied. Getting well away at the start Cestus Boon had a decided lead, but entering the straight ftouge-et-Noir and Maroney headed him; but Goiry was not to be denied, and coming again on Cestus, he won a great race cleverly by a head from Bouge-et-Noir, who was only a neck in front of Maroney. Time, 1 min. 131 sec. Reticent was the favourite for the Open Steeplechase about two miles, for which four started, but he couldn't get nearer than third to Union Jack and Monarch Gilderoy being last. Half-a-dozen faced the starter for the Selling Race, four furlongs and a-half, Mistake, Ariel and Derision being all well-supported. At the finish Derision won easily by two lengths, Iiiddington second, Berkeley third. Time, 60|sec. The winner, who was entered to be sold for £25, was bought in for £75, half a century of which went to the club's funds. The Elsternwick Park Handicap, one mile, a furlong and ahalf, brought out a dozen competitors, and as E. Power was up on Hogmanay, backers eventually accepted as little as 7 to 4 about his chance; Pish o' Silver ranking next at 5 to 1. Once more had the punters discovered the best two in the race. Hogmanay winning comfortably by two lengths from Fish o' Silver, with Impulse third. Time, 2min. 8£sec. THE Eclipse Stakes (tlie third) to be run at the Sandown Park Second Summer Meeting, 1889, promises to be a splendid thing for the promoters. The prize is 10,000 sovereigns, and this year, when Bendigo proved the winner, there were 263 entries. These dropped down 79 for the 1888 fixtures, the number only being 184. But for the 1889 event the total is no less than 303. Truly there is that scattereth and yet increaseth, and in nothing is it better exemplified than on the turf. '* ROBIN HOOD," the English sporting contributor to the Australasian, states that " the Emperor of Germany has abolished every description of betting on German racecourses; but has allowed the use of the Totalisator on condition that 20 per cent, of the profits are devoted to the purchase of blood stock and breeding of thorough breds at the Imperial stud farm." The old fellow is getting rather ancient, but evidently his head's pretty level yet. THE committee of the Victoria Racing Club have determined to extend the date for which nominations will be received for the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup from the 3rd to the 5th January. FRED ARCHER commenced riding in 1870, during which season he had 15 mounts and two wins. In 1871 he had 40 mounts for three wine. In 1872 he rode 180 tames, winning 27. In 1873 he rode 107 winners out of 422 mounts, being beaten by two for first place by H. Urns table. From 1874 till his death he was each year at the top of the tree, his best records being in 1884-85. In 84 he rode 577 times and was successful, 241. In '85 he had 667 mounts, and gained 246 victories. WE have it on the authority of " Mark Twain," after perusing the Roman Daily Battle-axe, that it was quite evident from the criticism of the reporters in the ?ood old days of the ColiBseum, that they knew a great leal better than the gladiators themselves how a gladiatorial contest should be fought. That times have not altered much since then must be patent to the most casual reader of the details of the scoring of the first day's play in the intercolonial match. We are informed in one place that " although the necessity for further changes in the bowling was not clearly apparent, Bruce went on in place of Midwinter just before the luncheon hour." After this perhaps Mr. J. M'C. Blackham will, pefore making changes in his bowlers, consult the man in the box. AND again, how soothing it must be to an umpire's feelings to discover that he was actually correct in giving a man out leg- before-wicket. True the umpire's name is jot given (a Sight omission) but these remarks published »y bir Oracle will surely never be effaced from his memory: The board showed five down for 171, and Garrett came "ext. The first ball from Trott pitched on the batsman s foot, he having missed it, and as the ball was Wight, and the Sydney captain's foot fairly in front, ie was given out leg-before-wicket." The scribe had deviously informed us that M'Donnell led the New south Wales men. THE drubbing delivered by Shaw and Co.'s Miglish profesionals to the M.C.C. Australian Eleven by »runs is a sad reflex on Australian cricket. Three Men run out in each innings is such a terrible performance that even " Felix " himself (the very worst judge '• a run that ever handled a bat) felt constrained to do | bit of the " Satan reproving sin" business, and rated M-essrs. Garrett, M'D wraith. and Trott in good set terms, ine match did not excite one scintilla of interest, even the dead-heads of the M.C.C. refusing to put in an ippearanee to witness such an exhibition of third-class 'ticket, buffoonery, and dastardly attempts to intimidate the umpires. DO YOU DINE ? Always at llren't Xa. I yottee Palace, JBourke-at. Butt, directly opposite a e Warwerka. and also at No. 8 branch. 21 Flindera- lane W. The great national game of cricket is making rapid strides "Australia, and a team of Australians can hold their own Wwst the world. Good cricket cannot be played without >°oa materials. These are supplied by Boyle and Scott, 41 oourke-street east, who have had made specially to order, and ,', „ foby Mr. Boyle, of the Australian eleven,some really wenmd e ct bats, the best ever sent to Australia. Oricketers oan widot from over 3000, the Latest Stock in the Colonies. Large •aortment of Lawn Tennis Materials, and every requisite for outdoor sport IT only took five days to finish the match, ir. which 873 runs were scored—or an average of 218i per innings. The Englishmen were evidently on their metal, for whenever Shrewsbury saw a curly one of Trumble's coming he never attempted to play it, but stood deliberately in front of his wicket. The old time theory of a man not being out leg before wicket if the ball does not pitch straight between the wickets is about played out when English professionals descend to Buch practices, and the quicker the law is altered in Australia the better. If a ball delivered by a bowler hits a batsman's leg when it would otherwise have (in the umpire's opinion) taken the wicket, the batsman should bo out. Otherwise it is next to an impossibility for a round-arm bowler with any work on at all to get a man out l.b.w. THEY have been having some billiards in Old England, and Peall—with a monster break of 2413—takes the record. Of course, it was "all in," and, equally, of course, the spot stroke figured largely. At one time Peall made 449, and at another 388, consecutive spot strokes. He hroke down at an easy .winning hazard. WHILST playing a spot-barred match against Mitchell recently, Roberts — who was conceding his opponent 4500 out of 12000— put together604 in one break, and we are informed that in it there was neither fluke nor false stroke of any kind, every hazard and cannon being made in the faultless style now so well- known when the " only player" holds the cue. ANOTHER bout at fisticuffs has been arranged; this time between Professor Jackson (the darkey) and J. Stewart, of Glasgow. The contest is for £100 a-6ide and the championship of Australia, and is billed to take place at F.oley's Gymnasium on the 7th February. I do not know much about either of the pugilists, but from performances—not the one against Leos,though—I should fancy the representative of the land of cotton in preference to the champion of the 'land o' cakes. He can punish, and he can take punishment; and as to his being a darkey, well in the words of the old song—"He's black, but that's no matter." THE final heats of the Great Sheffield Handicap, for prizes aggregating £525, were run at the New Camngton Athletic Grounds, Moore Park, Sydney, ou Christmas Day, the final heat resulting as followsC E. Merchant (22 yards start), 1; A. Warner (28 yards), 2; C. E. Armstrong (19 yards), 3; J. B. M'Mahon (24 yards), 4. There were fully 8000 spectators, who took the liveliest interest in the different heats. Things did not pass off quite pleasantly, the committee finding it necessary to disqualify W. Davis, of Lake Cudjelico ; also F. Glover, North Shore; and J. H. Went, Newcastle, for six months, on the charge of suspicious running. W. T. Millard, Carndoff, who supplied incorrect records of his performances, was prohibited from taking any part in the meeting. £100 a side, the best of three falls, for theGrseco- Roman Championship ofths World, hammerlock barred, and ground wrestling limited to two minutes, are the terms of a match arranged between T. Cannon, Champion Grseco-Roman Wrestler of the World, and the famous Italian athlete, Signor Bali, who is connected with Agrati and Tessero's Company, now attracting so much attention at St. George's Hall. The event will come off on the 22nd January, at the Bijou Theatre. THE threatening forenoon and the hundreds of counter attractions affected the attendance at Caulfleld on Monday; but an agreeable change during the afternoon and some interesting racing, enabled those present to thoroughly enjoy themselves. A Selling Race, five furlongs and a-half, was the first event, and was won by Hot Iron from F.F. and Mistake, in 1 min. 13 sec. The winner, who was entered to be sold for nil, was boughtin for £110, the whole of which went to the funds of the club. Goodwood, Marron and Whalebone filled the places for the Handicap Hurdle Race, for which ten started. The Summer Cup, a mile and a-quarter and a distance (17 starters), resulted in a great contest between Kohaiand The Lovifce, the black horse defeating the brother to Creswick by a short head, Metal third, in 2 min. 291 see. " The devil's number" started for the Juvenile Stakes, five furlongs, for which Hortense's weight was 9st. 71b. Despite this, she was first favourite at 5 to 4, Mr, R. Mitcheleon's New Zealand colt, Escutcheon (by Musket—Rosette) being warmly supported down to 5 to 2, and Perhaps having a number of supporters at 4 to 1. The betting market indicated the race, for Perhaps was first. Escutcheon second, and Hortense third. Time lrnin. 3isec. The Handicap Steeplechase, two miles and a-half, was contested by fourteen jumpers, Ruby winning by ten lengths from Curiosity and Moonlight. The Malvern Handicap, seven furlongs, was the medium of some speculation, and, of the sixteen sprinters who faced the starter, that very uncertain animal yclept The Ghost came at the last moment, and was installed first favourite at 3 to 1, Damocles and Munwyrtina being nextin demand at 5 to 1. The Ghost nearly did it, but not quite, a close finish being decided in favour of Damocles, Honora being third. Time, lmin. 32sec. THE A. J.C. Summer Cup was won by Dagobert, a five-year-old, carrying 7st. 21b., who beat Myall King, Eitawa, and fifteen others, in 2miu. 39sec. for the mile and a-half. THE Auckland Cup (1000 sovs.), two miles and a-quarter, has been won bv Nelson, who carried 9st. 81b. and compassed the di6tanoe in 4min. 3 Jsee. I TOM CORRIGAN Promotion, at the got a nasty spill off his horse, day. Steeplechase at Caulfleld on Mon- TALKING of accidents reminds me that Spoffortli could not take part in the intercolonial cricket match owing to having strained his groin. OLYMPUS. 