Moot Points. As compared with the student of English history, the student of Australian history is under one great disadvantage. Whenever the former gets into a labyrinth of difficulties to whioh ho has no cine, when at some pertienlar juncture the courae pursued by politldana seema to him utterly unmeaning, there la always one explanation to fall back npon which is as serviceable in accounting for historical phenomena as' that Protean factor electricity In satisfying the curiosity of tho inolplent scientist Jesuits. Theso are always at hand to explain the mysterious parts of history. From polling tho wires behind or below a throne, to the conversion of kingdoms by meana of private music lessons, the Jesuit is at tho top, at the bottom, and. at eaoh side of every thing. Thus to tho student he is amazingly handy as a unifying prinoiple amid divendty of phenomena. Nor let it be supposed that wo ara falling baok npon old experiences and reminiacences of an obsolete state of thinga. Our attention has just been drawn to a work published in EngUnd only a few montba ago, "Recent Events, and a Clue to their Solution," in which the author, Lord Bobert Montagu, explains the whole oourse of Engliah politics during the last decade or ao by tho fact that not only Gladatone—-for thai we might have been prepared—but Beaconsfield also were simply Jesuits, playing into each other's hands all the while for the interests of tha Papacy and the order of Jeans. This, of course, leaves nothing unaccounted for, and it is pre cisely for tbis that we envy the English student of English history. If we had a clear-up- every thing oluo like that always ready to catch at, our political history would read as simple aa the "Peep of Day"series. Griffith's inexpli cable conduct, for instance, in regard to Separation-—keeping it back with the ono hand and forcing it on with the other—Jesuits. Tho keeping back is only apparent The forcing on is real. Sir Samuel and Macrossan are playing into each other's hands. Sir Samuel knows that in the new Northern colony tho Macros san influence will be enormous. Macrossan ia a Boman Catholic; ergo— but we leave tho Orange mind to fill in the details. But we fear it won't go down here. We aro condemned to get at tho bottom of things without the aaeis* tance of Jesuitry. We must get along ao best we can without a simple unifying principle to bind our politics. Happy English student I Happy Lord Bobert! Of courae everybody has read the story, tbat has been going the round of tho papers, of the Coloradian who died after a period of gradual petrifaction, which process continued even after his death until tho body wss completely turn-xl to atone. Tlie only matter of surprise to ua in connection with this atory is tbat there are some people who regard it as incredible. To be sure, its authenticity is vouched for by the nevrspapers of Colorado; but, apart from that suspicious cirpimstauce, we can sea nothing in the story that makes any unwamnt* •able demand npon our credulity. We have *»jwn quite a number of people who died after Cerang harder and harder, the onlydifferencebe ttg tbatfaithe case of the acquaintances we refer ao tne petrifaction generally commenoed with ww heart, whereas, in the Oolarado man's oase, we process seems to have begun with the head. J• ■*• f»t then, from regarding this as ■uiply an entertaining newspaper incident On the result* of the examination of the body *KJE!. eX|;? rti ?PP° !nt«* by the Smithsonian Institute, to which it appears the remain. ST.v^ 1?*' 11*1 b * the Petrifee him •JJ^thero hang issues which may intimately £?£? !? *1U„ If *• dooto™ c«> find oat how the condition was induced, thoy may he aUo to show us how to induce it For tortanoe, if it be true, as is already alleged, ttatthephenomenon arcs* from an exosssof *?S?!i!i OLH?. eill. the *uUm* «»wd:r it will •etfsa easiest thing in the world to repeat tho loaa in other cases. The next thing to take JS!. o!.^! 11? *£ "«• ■* whlch th« "y^tern SS. J °<Hy to ** *«*■■»•» «d we have ume doubt, from our own observations in the matter, that thia will be found to be about the *** m • Icore yeM- ' The Colorado man WMB?, a coincidence whioh we consider re* ■arkably confirmatory of our conjecture. Avlnggot thus far, we have arrived not only OV a convenient method of disposing of our -i*"!!F,«. tat ?* • mttn* of "moving ■nob of the unhappiness of old age. We now enough about old age to be aware that a SSL? i.*. .S 1*10 * ***" **■■ il« oWef draw* ■jo*, bnt it would be impossible to feel this a22L* V* was Kektin« daily firmer and "•*•*•*• Then, again, the painful anticipation £2 *"" dilution oould no longer bo experienced (when every day the man grew ■joro and more conscious that he was becoming j*^ »<>na»ent w« even go so far as to oeueve that octogenarians will at length go in 2^L5r tm v,It- Bat if th«y **-* do v »»«mtaruy, why, then, of coune. Vtafltion that has often been asked in this -^iSS?.!^ 6 iurt Dut to ■» *PP«ranco •JJJMaont^western borders, because we know ■^ nnve been breeding in millions in tho ■ownern colonies, and have now sent an ad * US!. I.!!*} */V out the un'«»ced condition k!l2al!^dof^ aM- The quwtion, though, Ms often been put in respect to marsupials of -Ti » •* •notlwr» more particularly mar. Ijotory answer has yet been given to it Just UJ . fl^T q?t ry U b*,n« DUt m connection with a flight of butterflies. A Mr. Sheppard, 2LS,J£ dhv« RIJ w fa New South Walei; wmite to know all about it. He says:-««About L?■.S?^ uL!S t•^ iO,l w" *■*» b^«^ Safe*** 0* fcßttorf *" p*ttm«« «* •*>«* » tfclook they came in hundreds of millions, and cjontinaed the same stream till about 4 o'cleck, CI SL 6*& <>I»»PPe*red. They cams fcfeLu,!?!? a?- •v_* t7 >B«* «*»•«••* wind Jjwtoj nt the time, but it could not torn them Awn thsir course, and the flight covered a wJete tract of country, and reminded those who s»w it of a snowstorm. At Vegetable Creek, in Kjr England, the same thing was going on for nwoost or more, the oourse of the insects being i*om south to north or north- northeast.and tSiVPJ*" wind- K » **o mentioned man Tentorfield and Grafton. So that there mat nave been •pretty extensive gathering if ttey could have been all totted up together. Vow here is good work for our •• bug-hunters," 2—?£?• *eßt,etM,|i Ut them teU us where these butterflies come from. Did they i«>w op as caterpillars, He dormant as chry- MHd% and then come forth in their beauty; or md they come straight away from the clouds ? Whs* these points have been settled they eta pwsno those butterflies further, and let us Imw where they have all gone to and what thwj'ro doing there. This inquiry, we think, JMjoc<» W ournsWi»aAuraUEteforsonwluui WJSBBBSarVO _Ia any matter ont of whioh claims for JJ"¥" ***** »»u*»y companies, whether they be Government or private companies, are always looked upon as fair game; and perhaps lfi tho long run it is aa weU that this should bo the ease, so necessary is it that the lives and limbs of the pubUc should, like tho persona of the Boman Tribunes, be declared and held inviolate. It is this consideration whioh re candles ns to the fact that within the sphere ovanof our own acquaintance there are men no hatter than ourselves who are eating tbe Head of idleness on the strength of a slight jar to tho nervous system in a socaUed railway aoeident, while we never get a chance. In fact, we never thoroughly believed it was poo* etbtetogo too far in the way of damages In aaeh cases until we read last week the case of Mr. and Mrs. Ooultas v. tho Victorian Rail way Commissioners, the verdict in which, wo fear, is calculated to rouse such a reaction as to exclude us from aU hope of profiting by any* thing short of serious injury. In this case the fedueiio ad abeurdum stage of railway acoi dent (?) damages is reached, and others will probably have to suffer from the inevitable ro* bound. Mr. and Mrs. Ooultas were driving over a raUway crossing, when the gatekeeper who had admitted thorn called to them to come hack, as a train was coming. Mr. Ooultas de cided that it was safer to drive on, and did so, jost clearing the line before the train rushed by. Mrs. Coultas, who was then in a oondition for which it was not even pretended that either the gatekeeper or the RaUway Com missioners were in any way responsible, was ao much frightened by what had happened that she became iU, and a nurse had to be hired to attend her—though, aa she waa likely to require sneh attendance at any rate, it does not appear how the train was accountable for that extra expense. Again, the poor gatekeeper was sbortiy afterwards tilled at the very same spot} but instead of being thankful for thei* nafrrow escape, and instead of being overawed by the thought that Providence had taken tho matter into its own hand by destroying the instrument that had opened the way to their danger, they bring an action against the Oommiaaionen. Result, £312 to Mr. and £400 to Mrs. Ooultas, the jury finding, amongst other things, that "the plaintiffs could not have avoided the accident." That la to say, they not only cleared the line, but cleared also over £700 on tho ground that tbey could not avoid the accident whioh they had succeeded in avoiding. We have heard of damages for very slight acci dents indeed, but this is the first time we have known damages given for escaping one. Considering tho rate at which temperance, or rather, to be more correct total abstinence from intoxicating liquors, is being exalted over all the other virtues, it will not be surprising, seeing what human nature is, if in a few gene* rations tee-totaliam become—what it has not yet pretended to be—a religion. If it does— and, remember, we are saying nothing against it; au contraire, we consider thero is the makings of an excellent religion in it—it will bo a very ritualistic, symbolical, fetishiah, ceremonial, infallible, hierarchical, holy ohurch. Of all these, except perhaps the fetish tendenoy, the symptoms are too visible and audible to all of us to require illustration. But already we begin to ace the manifestations of the growth ot the fetish tendency also, tn the case of other religions this exhibits itself in the imputation of aacredneas' to oertain objects, and, though the great faiths of the earth with the advanoe of enlightenment may lose the sense of tho sacrcdness of things, they still hold on to the consecration of places. Now, we fancy that teetotaliam is already beginning to ahow signs of considering certain places as in themselves consecrate and holy, as partaking not only of the nature of a meeting-place but of a ohuroh or temple. How else are we to explain tha fact that when, at a recent municipal election in Melbourne, tho Temperanoe Hall was given up to the returning officer and scrutineers, not only wero these men not allowed to refresh themselves after their customary fashion, but the very grog which was sent In to them by a sympathising friend was ssised by the secretary of the institution and locked np at the baok of tbe building ? One cannot help seeing in this the growth of a belief that the very wails dedicated to the causa are themselves saored, and that a sort of moral py-amioe wonld be the result of introducing within them the abomination of desolation. It is quite evident that in the case of this sealous officer temperance has oeased to be a rule of oonduet, and beoome a religion. The Temperanoe Hall is a holy Temple. To bring a bottle of grog inside it is like placing a pig on the altar on Mount Moriah. Of that offioer it might almost bo said that the seal of the house had eaten hia up. Oertain it is that those thirsty scrutineers wonld havo wished that that could bo said of bim not only almost but altogether. Thera is a very common superstition—and for aught we know to the contrary it may have prevailed sinoe Cain settled bis Uttle trouble with Abel in an arbitrary and one*sided manner—to the effect that a murdered man cannot rest quietly in his grave until his destroyer has been brought to justioe. Even in these young colonies, where Old World prejudices die ont, this superstition, if such it is, is as strong as elsewhere. We know of many instances, bnt wfll only refer to tho story of Miller's ghost to show hew uneasy aro the souls of those who have died at tho hands of an assassin, until tho whole tenth bas been brought to Ught Poor Miner's shadowy form used to sit uncomfortably on a split fence scaring the good folk who paased that way in the dead of night, until on one oocasion a surviving neighbour, who was returning from market weU primed with Dutoh courage, paid more particular attention to the shadow, and ran him to earth in a swamp where his mortal remains wera afterwarda fonnd. This is veri fied by most credible witnesses, who even as boys were never known to Ull a He. A stiU more remarkable case has just been under in* vestigation in New Zealand. This time Cain was tha victim, and great efforts havo boon mado to bring home tho murder to HaU, his son-in-law. After having been buried for a time the body was exhumed; that the stato of its stomach might bo inquired into. That was a trifle, however, to tho subsequsnt proceedings, when a coroner's jury had an op* portunity afforded them of "viewing" the body. Here is a substantial proof of the cor rectness of the old superstition—a man's body rises up twioe in judgment against his slayer. But is it necessary in New Zealand for the coroner to Me tho body of a murdered man? Or—stiU more awful thought I—must he sit on the corpse, however ripe it may havo beoome from ago? ReaUy we feel for that coroner! The Education Department has received tenden for the State school buildings, Beau* desert, from the foUowing:-Edward llickle wright, eighteen weeks, £1380 18s; H. F. Kerbs, fourteen weeks, £676; Jar. Longuea, seven months, £845; John Georfy, throe months, £696 10a.; J. Byere, j un ., eight months, £792105.; Jas. Lee, six months, £864 ; WUliam Oould, five months, £090; Thos. Beet-ton, sixteen weeks, £822; D. Denholm, seventeen weeks, £863. Also for playahed and fencing at the State school, WeUington Point: Patrick Horiak, Cleveland, £219 65.; John Georfy, six weeks. £167; Witty and Thompson. & rw&,»J BISJ 15a -5 •*>»>»» Heigb, two months £176 j! F. C. Kauae, four months, £226; Wil liam Gould, £180. Alao State school additions. German Station : A. Whitecroaa, five months, £484; Jaa. Lee, fire months, £469; John Sands, fourteen weeks, £459; W. Johnson. «»} af, D. Granville, fourteen months, £880/ 