" OCEANA." BISHOP MOORHOUSG ON MR. FROUDE'S WORK. Our London correspondent writes 44 In the enrrent number of the Church Times, the favorite organ of the High Church party in England, appears a very ably- written review of Mr. J. A. Fronde's 4 Oceana.' It would require no ghost to come from the grave to tell au intelligent, travelled reader that it Ls the work of one who 'has got 'coiouial experience.' So much has appeared in the colonial nud English press on ' Oceana ' that I should certainly not at this late day refer to this particular 'review of the book, only I imagiue that its authorship will invest it with a certain interest, even to Sydney leaders. I am erediblv informed that this elaborate notice of Mr. Froude's book is from the pen of the new Bishop of Manchester Dr. Moorhouse. Your readers will, I fancy, on this account, be glad of the opportunity of reading Bishop Moorliouse's views on your late visitor's much criticised book, especially in view of the interest taken in ilie subject of a 44 united navy " by .Mr. Dalley and A-tmiral Tryon. I venture to quote some what freely from the Church Times critique: — Tuo Australian coluuisU fool thom.sL'lviM to be for the present Iticuiublo of indcpeiuiuiico, and hare a dread ot Herman/, the one power most Ukriy. they think, to snap up terri orlos neglected or forsaken by England. Ii Is iuiposslulo for us to estimate tho grounds of tU.s four utiles we have personal experi ence of tnu turuateui'd countries. Living iu a laud thickly peopled atid well defended, we full to grasp too eomnaratlvoly ompu condition of Australia and New/oa and, ami consequently treat their fear with U.-concealed cotnenipt. This is uot wise, and we are thankful that Mr. Fronde has contributed his share towards ur tisiug public attention uc home to this great questiou. The second certainty is om? which appeals more forcibly to t.iu pockets of tarpuyers ; it is the need for a stronger and larger navy Amongst the many schemes fo lederntion the only one capable of beuig nt once adopted is advauced on p-ige 100 — "The suggestion lias been mude to mi admire I that the colonies should nuke uu estinuito of the present cost of Uicir ships, and |iav it as a subsidy to the Bri tish Admiralty, on conditlou tiiatun etfeetiv: squudron sh.imd be kept always hi Australian watcrc A joint biccrest in tho fleet wunld bo a lomr step — so long that another would hardly be needed — towards Imperiul confederation. The cords tbat held Oceana together may bo slight in appearance if they am woven of seamen's hemp, but no Ueiup is better spun than tbe Admiralty ropes witn tho red thread at their heart. The union wi li Australia would be at ouce a visible fact, aud that iu a form which would leave uu room for Interference with colonial au tonomy." in an extension of the navy lies our hope for the future, aud the more we study the well-being of our colonies the better for us and the in. Mr. Froude dwells lovingly upon tho thoroughly English aspect oi most of tho Australian towns ho visited. In Vic toria especially, " I could not help asking myself what, after all, 1 the meaning of uniliug tho colonies inoro closely to ourselves. Tnoy are cioseiy uuite.i ; they are ourselves ; and cau separate only in the, sense that parents ami children separate, or brothers and sisters, and until symptoms have actually ap- pe.tred nf a wish on our part to throw them off, or on theirs to desert us, the very talk of such a thing ought not to be." The worthy Bishop goes on to discuss other grave questions debated in 4 Oceana/ and lavs special stress on Mr. Fronde's strictures on the indebtedness of New Zealand. His lordship quotes that passage beginning—' The colony collectively and the municipalities separately seem contending which can borrow the most handsomely' — words which have been as milk and honey to the editor of the London Standard , and as gall nnd wormwood to Sir F. Dillon Bell, the New Zealand Agent-General. After the sentence, 4 Tho workmen discourage immigra tion as likely to lower wages/ the critic inter polates in brackets — 4 Mr. Froude might have added that many of them arc moving on to Australia, in despair of trade improving. His lordship then quotes the grave sentence of tho brief but bitter indictment : — 4 Very little is being done, at least in the Northern Island, in the way of cultivation ; but they take it gene rally with a light heart, and economy will Wait till money cau no longer bo hod for asking aud adds— 4 Evidently the country requires a change of system if bankruptcy is to be pre vented." 