ECHOES OF MELBOURNE [Bt The Ghost.] The debate on the address in reply to the Governor'a speech has dragged its slow length through another week, although had the Ministry possessed the requisites courage and firmness, tho tide of talk might have been stemmed on Wednesday evening. As tha Opposition have announced thair intention of not tabling any adverse amend ment, Mr. Gillies doubtless thinks it politic to allow his opponents the opportunity of : pointing out the weak spots in the Minister ial armour, and exhausting their supply of blank ammunition. One or tm) side issue3 were raised during the debate in tho Assembly, and' the last has evidently not been heard of the1 'gristing in bond' business, which really involves a question of policy, and may yet ? cause ' the Govern ment a good deal1 of trouble. Mr. Bent and his friends have by this time found out thatany effort to displace the Government, is just at present premature, and that it ? will be wiser to bide their time,' when the lack of ability of tha ' Premier in 'discovering ' the1 ? drift of popular opinon; and his blundering obstinacy, will give 'the gentlemen to Mr. 'Speaker's left the longed ' for opportunity of occupying the: Treasury benches., : Tho debate has had the effect of rendering two facts ? plain. The first ?' is that among the ' gentlemen 'sitting behind them' (the Government) are simply ' candid' friends,' ?owning no allegiance1 to1 the : Ministry, and. ; the second, that the ' Opposition '? numberi in its Tanks1 ' the:'most influential' and powerful debaters 'in Parliament; includ ing a'large ' proportion of' ex- Ministers' |6f the 'Crown. '??'? U«der' these ? ; eircums'tances '.' !the 'Gillies-Deakin'-combinatioh','11 despite.1 the assistance of : the ? metropolitan' ' 'Presi, 'dan hardly expeot a lengthened1 ? tenure' of' /Office1.'' J'' I'l^'.i;-. ?rn,X;'l;ii:l l-un .virnjoo n.i: ?riijttfg already'' quite jitlainfthat'.'eren* 'the'-' iTeryiJmeagre-prograthme -set' out 'in theC Governor's speech will not be carried out, even should the Government be able to hold its own during tho session nud struggle into recess. Tho irrigation moasuro will occupy a largo part of the time of Parliament, and tho remainder will be fully occupied in undoing tho work of the preceding1 session by amending the Fac tories and Workshops and the Licensing Acts. The short experience of those measures has Bhown that they are tyran nical in their provisions, and utterly un suited even to achieve the cuds their pro moters had in view. Like uiarriage.which: the proverb tells us if undertaken in hasto is repented of at leisure.law-making should, bo deliberately carried out., The nojjlecfc . of this precaution will necessitate the , undoing pf; a large amount of work ' scamped ?' during the Inst Parliament- . However, honourable members will now have tb,e light of experience to jjuido thorn, arid r experienco should ever teach the people's, representatives that it is not. always,. wise.., to give way to. tho wishes of 'faddists 'and reformers, who would, fain , make all tho world virtuous by act of Par- , [iament,; and render, everybody rich and happy by Custom-house regulations. ; ;Mr.,;Pavid Gauusou, the chosen repre sentatiye.pf South Melbourno, may not,per hap's,,beia mpdel.membar of Parliament, , but' he is assuredly a very 'cute lawyer. Ho. has ,raiBed; a PQint in connection with a recent Police, Court prosecution of pub licans,, for, an, infringement of , the act, ?jvhichi unless! the law is. allowed to become a dead letter, will necessitate its amend ment, and with the experience the general public; and 'the' licensed victuallers, have gained, of the, vexatious provisions o£ this most recent specimen of 'grandmotherly ' legislation, it will bo a matter for, regret if the act while being 'improved' i* not im proved off tho . Statute Book. Even the most rabid of teetotalers in their wildest, droams can hardly have , anticipated the vexatious annoyance the measure lias caused and is causing, and should bo glad of tho opportunity afforded them of re tracing their steps and framing a law which, while checking tho too prevailing sin of drunkenness, will not unduly inter fere .with the rights of property or the individual liberty, of the subject. Denied tho use of the Melbourne Town Hall, the advocates of Home Rule in Ire land have held an opon air meeting, which must be pronounced a success. Resolutions were unanimously agreed to thanking Mr. Gladstono for his effort to maintain the unity of the Empire, and expressing ap proval of his policy and n, hope that it would be endorsed by the constituencies at the forthcoming general election. The immense gathering was presided over by Sir . Byran O'Loghlen, whose tone was moderate though firm, and all tho speakers imitated tho moderation of the chairniiin. To a people enjoying, as do the Vic torians, the blessings of s-.'lf-^ovorn- niont, it appears but a baro aofc of justice that the boon should be extended to her Majesty's subjects in all portions of her dominions., If Mr. Gladstono is wise, and frames his measure for self rule in Ireland on those in operation in Australia, he will doubtless be able to carry out his desire of putting an end to the s.ystum of government by Coercion Bills, which has too long obtained in the caso of Ireland. The matter only requires to be properly understood by the English people; in order to ensure its adoption at tho hustings and. subsequent carrying into law. Mr. Murray Smith, our returned Agent General, has been welcomed on his return by the citizens of Melbourne. The banquet at the Town Hall was in every Tray worthy of the occasion. All the high officials of the colony, and most of its prominent representative men, attended to do honour. to our ' ambassador,' and Mr. Smith's reply to the toast of his hoalth was— ? although sneered at by a section of the Melbourno Press — in every way worthy of the guest of the evening. Mr. Murray Smith took no credit to himself for his action in regard to the successful floating of the Victorian loan, the Now Hebrides, or any other of the matters in which ho had so well served the colonies ; nor did he in any way allude to the way in which ho had been jockeyed out of tho position in order that Mr. Berry might bo appointed. If all Victorian politicians were as oblivious of self as our late Agent- General,, the tone of our public men would be vastly improved, and Parliament be looked up to as the true embodiment of tho wisdom of the nation. Tho sooner Mr. Murray Smith re-enters the Assembly the bettor. Although guarded iu his utter ances, he, said enough to let it be understood that on his return to political life ho would cast in his lot with tho Opposition. , 