[?] l&iCijIik;'BY.jei^f LEMAINB'S DIVOBCE. . I^-V-V APJTHOE.CF 'HIS OXE MISTAKE,' ? ^j^,:.-'THBOWHrCfif THE WOBD,' ^?''^W^i'A tocjMLB FOB A BING,' ?fi*i ??.?'. 'A BITTEB ATOKEMENT.' ETC. '?'£?' ': CHAPTER LLI— Continued.) «???? ??*.-. .' . ? ? ^i*1' ta noli »? tfnl' i i I14™ w*'en to7on ? -^Bgivo asked you to come and Bee mo. I have :.rTBHcl it I oonld not see yon In London ? ' fe'^ttl^JooonaiX go nowhere,' »ald Lord : ^i»B«ema'ine, hastily. ' Now I loot at yon, I i Jtlfak yoa are a little changed, too, Isabel' ?f^'lworiderlain not altogether changed, »%enmy heart has grown Biokwttb. «are and ?- jprrow. I oonld no longer ensure my anxiety ssSooiit yon.. I fanoied you might be dying ?». horealone. Bo, 'without saying a vord to any *? one, I came here. I took a lodging at the organist's cottage, and finding yon were at the abbey, i came over to see you— to urge yon to ~* do what you should tlo,' * ' And what shouldl do ?' - , Ik,' Ton should forgat your past; yon should IbaVecfljoDrgloomandiDBbeaDOW life in the future. A roan in your position owes . duties to hie country and'eociety. It may be hud ior yon to come book, but it eeems to nn ?,. you are untrue to yourself and to your tape . when yon shot yourself op to brood and die.. ' *~ KelunT to pnblio life, return to social lite ; you' * can .jet find happiness «nd be useful.' .,' V Lori OaBtlemaine shook hie head.' :?„[, ^-'-There areraioueb. to do the pnblio work '.??? yon jspesi of . Society does sot need me, and T-. . l.amSbvotinK myself ailigently to the care oi ? :jtiy' tenantry, to tho Improvement of the ?/Catering tjlassesy and progress of education in : !. ffietorantry. For the rest I am a broken .-,- 'man.'' .??'— .- ; .'-'I ltnow— I'knbw,' oried Isabel, 'an ?.'.., apathy possess* you. I want to rouse you ' -from it.- Ton have given np everything. Even ' in the matter of divorce the ease is at a Stand-' '?? still.!''.. . . v ' ~' 'There will be no divorcj,' said Lord Casllemaine, slowly. , - ; v 'And why not ? - Given that, you would be free of the past, Bad onoe more be happy. \- Gertrude certainly fled from yon.' ' 'T think possibly in that act she was ? suffering from mania or hallnoination, ana to : seoure a divorce on that ground would be . : irerseenfion.' -.'..? ' Ton make me angry, angry for your sake I ? tried Isabel. 'Sou were the one wronged .,; and persecuted from the beginning. Oh.Ger . . trade was never worthy of yon. It makes my heart ache to see you dinging to a memory .. -Tjfaiovt! that at best was an illusive fancy. r*- ?Whengiventhejoyof being yonr wile, her \ .'? heaft was not great enough to appreciate her ? place— she ecorned your happiness, trampled -pit your wishes. At last I have felt it my duty : ' to by and rouse yon from fruitless grief by ? ? ?*? ? ?' ' telling yon that your idol was always and onlj . ^day.' ; ' ','?:'? SI Don't Hash, Isabcll' entreated liwd ' OaBtlemaine. 'lain now remember notbing ? ' - -that once sngered me; I only recall her as »- ' *tay lovely and loving Mile, with whom I was '.. ' U|X hnolit hnm nlnrflva luan anhannvif ThflA ... not been too harsh ana hasty.' :': ^^'JfOniwrshandhastyJ Ton wrong yonr -'?is?lf,«ndyoij are all wrong abont her. Ger \- ,'.Ttroae was not loving— she was a spoiled, . eipriciona beanty. Can yon not see it yet? . ' She h&a; teen trained by en ambitions ''..nioiher, ana her pride -was gratified at Bet ' rt^tndden1 and easy oonquest of the Earl of \- . ,':-!asaemaine. Ent here was a fiokle fancy, ...anS-«ninbrdjnBte .vanity. Ghe was bom a \- - ^,oo9uette, ana dearea to Bee «I1 men. at her ;- Jeet.; ?J'o^onqner Cplonol Lonnor, who had ??vilreenTjotpriooB OTer eo many hearts, was her ? .priOe, ena to Inunlge that pride she would ' ' '«oorn your love, ehame yonr honour, ^nook ?,- jour oommande.- Ob, after *U this, can you -^.'o^SBis! Hyde', yoh ^rere her friend 1'- ','3^ 'JBasi^ I vas your friend. . I knew yon . ,'' ''Ctttj'BndjWhenlTnether Iroad her well; I. ?--:;'. ^mdB.rBtood ypnr- infataation ( I tried to warn - ,.:: i^Jpnjaind nhen I ooold not sate yoo, l«et -^'rtelFW^ttetekoftnaidngherinonitrorthy ^J'.r'Jdjfi&'vrWea to ronse her pride in yonr 'j^Wed to eaveierlromliersell and her follies; ?'?:?: ithonghtlMwera withherl oonld prevent ?T ; v her from committing errors— ooold help ' ? dbnia her taetee to yours— could prevent j. : . 'itoUUions between yon. I set my whole heart i 2 Gh saving yon from ehame and ditgraoe, end ;;.^I. have failed.' ': ,.?? , ,iln-rd Oastlem&ine; looked op slowly, he ?? . toptegoietly. ? . '. 'Isabel, answer me. Sob saw Colonel . -Iienrrai often; yon saw him when he lodged \- *t the organist's. Tell me, why did yon meet ..vJumtB-yonaia?' , - - :' ? -:Is»bel haa not thought that this wag -: 'inpwn. -She knew nothing of the poanher, : . long tinoe Jiappy In CJanada. Bat, nothing 'flaunted, she made prompt reply; '- -.ii^Why did I? Can yon not lee that, like : llimyjotheraiits.U wasforyon? I did not ; ^.^'Han&irlClolonel; Xiehnox; I disliked him g A- \- ?; -Pfli )toj) gfeit atontratt to you. Be disliked \- . tne,Whsn I found that! couia not prevent : fJertrude'e mad folly in itlemptingaiooniineet v- . ^p*«um, sliflnrovjnsio^oii.nbw uttlfl^raight . . . that has iaiten on van «nd.wtecke-l four lite, '?'--': jmd is jBnjSmg^Sailte in-a»rknBs«, and! . depririBgyburoonritryefjour.iia; tohinder ? -bat, whraGertniae would not listen, I tried 1 tppeau -to tSolorail jDmnsx. ;' I WnpetOea to : his fconbi to *6 eway lanS ifalnpf *er io . Ioliger;ltoiaiimahg4»«aa«n/^«inj; .^jBd intking « je^brhim^^lai^^ ' - - V-, '' J— ?* '' v '-'^_. - ? ?-;.-?'?? :V *ilhlisr, 1 latltd. Bit it ires ior jon, not for them; I did it «li lor you.' ' ' 'I cannot imdoriteud jou,' eaid hiti Oastlemslop, uneaoily. ..-..'.--? 41 Iijok back. lt-merober those early days of cur friendship ; the winter .before yoa met Gertrude; who was your friend then? Was not I the one you nopght? Were ws not ofteneet together? Who so -well as I ooold share aU your aspirations, understand yonr plans, (smnathise in -our pride.of a uoblo race? Did we tver disagree? Whose talk interested you as mine did 1 Had I not more ambition for you than you had for youredt? Did I not ufg^ you to give yourself to politics, to tcoomn a power in the country?1' ' ' We were indeed warm friends,' said Iiord Oajtlcmoino. ' And I was worthy ot your friendship : and I am one who will ffve a friendship unreservedly, and not limit its display. I desired your happineeB; and when yonr infatuation for Gsrlrude made it imnoesible for me to give you happiness, exocpt throoRh her, then I devoted mjBelf to trying to make her worthy ct you, to warding danger from yonr home; and I failed, fi wan not my fault that I tailed. If your happiness had been in my hands primarily, you never would have known any sorrow.' 'I did not understand Gertrude. I should have made allowances. She was younfe, inuperiencea, indulged. If I bad been more tender, leas dictatorial, had left her less alone insooiety, had dally won her confidence more gently I Ob, I know my own errors, when it is too late 1' 'That is madness I' mid Isabel, restrain ing her voiopt but her aonl was in a. turmoil of jealous f dry at his words. 'There never was a man so deceived. Did ehe try to gloss over yonr faults, or what she oalled yonr faults? Did ehe not make a jest of yonr .honest pride of race? The stories of the honse of Gtstlemaine were her theme ot sarcasm. She despised you beoause you were given to pmsnits of peace. Men of war, like Colonel Lennox, were her heroes, as redooated soldiers are heroes ot fear-maid's. She aoonsed yon of pride, of tyranny; she loved to vex you. When ehe had grown weary ot Colonel Iiennox, ehe would have amused herself and tortured you by flirting with some one else.' ' Yon are wrong, I am sore yon misjndge her. And, *t all events, remember she is yet my wife.' 'I do not wish to remember it. Break that tie. which is now virtually null and void. Take up a new life ; marry some one worthy of yon ; make a tour ot the world, and in two or three years return ; open these closed doors ; fill yonr houee with hospitali ties worthy of yonr raoe ; take your place in Parliament ; become b power in your country; live op to yonr rights as E irl of .C&stlemaine.;' 'It is impossible! Mine is a heart that loves but once. Whether flirtruoe loved me as I did her, I cannot tell. To bar my leaet thought was true. Beeide her no other woman looked lovely or desirable. Even if she had really fled with Colonel Lennox, and J had secured a divorce, it would not have been to marry again. I Bbonld have lived in the memory of my lost love and my lasting woe.' ' Isabel Hyde suddenly bent her head on the table near which she sat, and burst into a passion of sobs and tears. . ' Lord Gaatlemalne remembered 'what Ltdy Graven had told him ot Miss Hyde's evident interest in himself. Even his heart, apathetic now to all words of love, told him that Mies Hyde had bow spoken to him of more than friendship. He knew not what to say cr do. -Ha sat in silence until her stormy emotion had worn itself away. 'Miss Hyde, I am gratefol to yon—grate f nl for sympathy, for past friendship, for pre sent interest— but all your remonstrances most fail to change my course, or animate rqy heart to any hope of .happiness. I-iet me remind yon that yon are yet a young, beauti ful woman, with yonr fortune before you. Grateful as your kindness is, I cannot accept it at the nrioo of embarrassment to von. In you kind sympathy for me, and for my wife, yon forget— -what your Aunt Oresson wonld not fail to recall— that you are too young end beautiful to come here without a ohBpe ron. We ranet part ; my sadness grieves yonr kind soul ; and yonr friendly interest in me makes it bard for me to reject your coun sels, as I unalterably must. Will you not allow me to accompany yon through the park to the ? Nuns' Gate,' where we shall say good bye?' ' - He rose. Isabel rose also. She pushed back the disordered hair from her heated brow. She looked into his face. ' Say good-bye ?' she faltered. 'Yes, Isabel. Good-bye is all I can offer,' (or even friendship, now.' ' Good-bye— and forever V' 'Forever I' 'Oh, Lord Castkmiine!' cried twfcel, holding out herhandstohim. ' Lord Castle maine I— Rudolph I will yon never care ior me?' Ambition, pride, selfishness, many evil pas sions were in Isabel's feeling for Lord Castle maine; but there was also love, real love, and that love thrilled in that passionate cry. It was one drop more in the cup of Lord CoBtJemaiue's bitterness. He was ehiralrara toward women. He had really been a friend to Isabel Hyda, though he had often thought her a singular girl, and her manners had many times pua eled ton. He knew by hard eiperienoe how terrible a thing was loveontraged.nnretnrned. Bat her cry fell coldly on a dead, shrouded heart.' He held ontiis hand gravely. ? Come, Isabel, we must go; we must part. It is only one more of the hard things in onr iota. 'Go, and forget me.' 'I cannot— I will not forget 1 ' saidlss* ' JEtemember,'eatd Lord Castlomaine, ' thai whether she is living .or dead, my heart was unalterably Riven to Gertrude.' , And he led her beyond the ' Nans' Gate. ' \- CHAPTER SOL 'I SOUL DEVEB EETOBN. , If Gertrude OasOsmatng had been - erlini nal, uyioc from infltice, making -jvery ' effort at oonoBalment, she wonld probably have been disoonred long before. As ehe proceeded on the DoverT)oat,«t Calais, and afterwarif, in a perfectly quiet, open, matter-of- fact way, no . one had had particular attention called to her, and no one, when inquiry was made, was able to identify her. ? ; Colonel Lennox 'and Isabel sedulously kept the eewet sbont the carriage— the colonel, be oanse his dijeomfltnre, if known, would have made him' the lasting tntt of jert; -Isabel, be cause her aotion in the matter would ham ruined her with Lord Casflemalne. .' The oarri»ee-arlrer had not only been well paid by Gertrude for silence, bnt that night's work was his last driving In England; he had already secured his passage as an emigrant to .Australia. The theory ot the pursuit had. been that Gertrude had gona by ears, or on foot. No one imagined that she had caught the Dover boat that very nigbt. The stewardess of that boat was sailed next day Into' Belgium, to a dying mother; and the fact- that «t Calais Gertmae had covered her hat ana faoe with* thick tisane veil, and carried her cloak on her arm, with only its white lining visible, had completed the slender chain of events whioh diverted pursuit, especially when that pursuit dated all its inooiries at least twenty-tour honwtoolate. . Tint very week ot Isabel's painful visit to Nesth Abbey, Dr. Btndil and Mr. Grim hel«|bi« there to «oniult with Lord OtiQe ?'.' ??';?'.'?'.'.' \'-1l '~.h:~ ' ' ?+? ' c V1'. ... '. V' '?'/? ? ; ?' ??'?'? ?'. ?;,.?!. :s, ;\ '.;?', ?? ; ''_:.?-' ' '. .V ?'?*' I have concluded my personal visitatio'p 'of every public and private institution for the sick and the insane in the United Kingdom,' eaia Dr. Bwaal ; ' I have aonversea with the attendants, and looked over (he records ; I have examined the burial records of every parish in England ? and I cannot get the faintest trace of your wife.' ' Our agents in Sootland Yard have come on no traeo, and seem hopeless ot success,' said Mr. Grimbeld. ?' It ip, as I told you at 6rst, Lord CasUemaine ; we must make more of the press — of advertising.' 'Ihad'ooooghol tho presn, drogfiingmy family nfftirs to light, when that paragraph about the divorce, in Truth, turned all eyes and all tongues on my unhappy wife.' 'But you muet consider how great interests are at stake. Yon may have a wife— posubly a ohild. You mnit find them. If you have a ohild — a son— that child is' the heir to yonr estates and titles. He wopld noT7 bo nearly a year and a half old. Ha may be living in pauperism, or as a foundlisg. Every week pasccd, dims recollection of events, end makes discovery more difiioolt. The finding of your ohild, if it exists, is ot iDslant importance. If yon marry agaiD, acd have a son, his possession of title and estates would be always jeopardised by the poseible criatonoe ot an elder eon. Besides, not knowing whether Indy Casllemaino is alire or dead, you cannot marry— unless, indeed, you con olnde your suit for divorce, which you might possibly obtain.' '? I (hall never oonclude the euit ; and I shall never jnarry. ' ' Then, odess you find yonr ohild, it one exists, what is to become of your title and estates. Yours is a long line to end so miserably.' 'Andr what oonrjs do. yon Jriih me. to '' Advertise through the police ot tho entire United Kingdom, by printed slips, carefully describing Lady Oavtlemaine'e appearance and date of dopsrtare, giving no name bat mine as address. Advertise in all the papers of the kingdom, by slips addressed to 'Gertrude,' asking her to return, or give in formation, and pledging that her demands shall be gratified on every point— that she shall have all her own wav. Advertise also in Italy, in Germany, and France.' ' Do anything yon like,' said Lord Castle maine. ' Advertise as you like ; but I know it Gertrude yet lived I should have beard from her. Could she have endured loneliness like mine?' 'Ton forget,' said Doctor Bindtl, 'she may have a child. That would very largely console her, and fill her heart.' 'But there is no need for her silence, Bha knew I loved her.' ' Answer me a (ew questions,' eaid Doctor fisndal. 'Ton were jealous of Colonel Lennox, and accused her of various follies 2' 'Unhappily, yes.' 'She seemed greatly terrified, overwhelmed, distressed?' ' Yes.1' 'In your anger, yon threatened separatios or. divorce?' . ' Yes, yes ; I have admitted all that.' 'Do you not know that if she had remained, and you had demanded separation or divorce ? ' 11 1 would not have done so,' interrupted Lerd CaBtlemaine. 'Probably not, when the whole hots were before yon. She did not know that.. She thought yon meant it. I say, if yon had 'oarried ont yonr threat, and she had had a child, especially if a son, you wonld have had custody of your heir. Teen is nothing like maternity to sharpen a woman's perception of results, ot facts. Unused to any business, as Lidy Castlemaine was, the mother instinct would have shown her her danger of being deprived of her baby. If she had some slight mania, as I apprehend, that would have intensified her terror ot snoh loss— her expec tation of it. A mother will do anything to retain her child, If Lady Castlemaine -is living, and keepo silent, it is beoause she fears yon will claim custody of her little one.' 'Bnt what am I to do ?' oried Lord Castle maine, riBing, and pacing his library in dis order, Tbe idea of Gertrude hiding in loneliness, terror, poverty, to conceal that beloved ohild, so precious in his thought, drove him frantic \- ' Advertise, as Grimheld suggests, in Eng land, Scotland, France. Address ' Gertrude,' ' Tell her, her ohild shall not be interfered with i ehe shall make her own terms. Also, fee the Frenoh polioe heavily enough to set them searohing for any stray English lady, fair and young, with a young child. Franco is near; your wile spoke Frenoh fluently. 'A» we have failed in England, I look to France. Franoe, too, is the land where she could live longest on the sale of her jewels.' ' Randal it quite right,' eaid Mr. Grim* held. A tap at the library door, ' The mail, my lord,' said Jenkins. . Lord -Oastlemaine took the letters, and meohamoaUy turned them over. He Btarted baok at sight of one, and dropped it, with an exolamation.' It wbb from Egypt, in the .large, peculiar soript ol Colonel Lennox. At first Lard Oastlemaine felt as if he could not open it— as if one of hh friends must break the seal. Toen he gathered him sell together, because there might be some thing under that cover whioh no eye should see but his own. He withdrew to en alcove, and opened the envelope, with a trembling hand. -It -was .dated at a military hospital. It ran thus : i ' Lorn) Castlejiaine : — We have been enemies ; but when life reaohes its end, en mities are forgotten. 1 write to do justice to your wile. I never met a lady whom I admired 'as I did Lady CaBtlemaine. 8he was as good as fair. There was nothing in her intercourse with me to which any hus band could object, except that ehe tolerated my society, and that was because she did act know my 'character. All my association with Lady Oastlemaine— all onr meetings arose not from tier will ; she -was invariably betrayed into my company by her friend, who deceived as both. I should say nomore. Where yonr wife went, end why, 1 do not' know. Atk Miu Hyde— she Js; omi. . LBmor.' 11 Ob, Gertrude I doubly injured Gertrude I' oried Lord Osstlemaine. 'We must find Miss Hyde, and question her,1' said Grimheia. -? ? ' I will telegraph to Lady Oresson to obtain hersddrees.' * * ? * * . ? ' The day after that hitter interview with Lord Castlemaine, Isabel entered her annt's dressing-room, in Lady CteBson'e country house on the banks of the Thames. 'Isabel,' eaid Ltdy Oressoo, sharply, 'yon told me you were going to Miss Aller. ton's. I had a note from her yesterday. Yon have not been there. Where were you?' Ji&bel; was silent. * 'I insist upon knowing— I have a right.' '¥«? .*g»J»w » -right,' said Isabel, boldly. 'You are to take me to Lady Gor don's oonntry-seai, ana Tfaavs two gorgeous dresses i upustairs, witnesses of jour right, I was at Heath Abbey, toseeLord Gutlemaino.' .!'Heavens,IsabBll What madness 1 And yon %ith a proposal from iorl ? Stuart .pooglasl' . . ?? . - ....'„? ..': 'Ihavenoteooeptedhim.aunt.' ' J*dy Oresson threw op her hands and eyes. . ? . ... . ? 'Isabel, yon an twenty-four) Son havr been /foe eeaniu ont I You have refused ttro or three offers, bnt have had no good bffen nil pow, How, by extraordinary, marvelloUB fortune, a fine- looking man. of your own age, heir presumpHve to the Earl of Danealn, Pfonpsej, «fl4- yon say you have not aooepted Wml YouBotoieelraraCisaenwine!' ' . ' ' *''' '' ' K'\ 'I went,' eaid Isabel.^iard and bold, 'to see for mytelt whe'her there was any hope that Lord CaBtlemaine' would finish his divorce case, tnd make an Oder to me.' ' Horrible i Itonstrous 1 Outrageous I' groaned Lidy Cresson. I«ahel proceeded steadily : ' There is no such hope. He will not get a divorce. He will no't marry again. He is still the slave of that white-faced fool who left him.' ' Hush 1 Your language is scandalous.' ' I went to him, aunt, because for more than four years 1 have loved him— because I am mad about him. I think I would rather take Rudolph Caitlemaine, without title or estates, than one of the princes ot the royal blood.' 'The princes and Lard Cistlemaine are equally cut of your reach.' 'I see it. Compose yourself. Aunt Ores eon. I told Lord Smart Douglas that ha should have my answer at Lidv Gordon's, n»xt Thursday. I shall aoocpt him. I shall have a little title, a prospective coronet, a for tune, three hondsiimc estates, an amiable hus band, who marries twoinse his uncle orders him to do so, and who likes me as well as any one. Bo euro, aunt, the belle ot five leatom appreciates her good fortune. At all events, I shall not mike a scandal, and leave my hus band, as Gertrude Craven did.' 'Ob, beau- ens I And yon are to be pre. sented on Thursday to the Earl of Duned din I ' ? ?♦???? Thursday bad como. Soene— Lady Gor don's country feat in font, thronged with guests. Envied of all, ia Isabel H;de. Attar Sve seasonB ehe has captured a prospective carl I Lord Stuirt Douglas is a tall, jolly, noisy, red- whiskered, florid, honest young Sootch. man — not very sentimental, but heartily ad miring his fiancee. The Etrl of Daneddin has oome, and is to b» presented to bis future niooe. Isabel is on the arm of Lord Steward Douglas ; Lady Gor don hae the earl's arm, L\dy Oresson is elate. The fire-meet in tho great drawing-room, and them are many there to see. ' Ddo)«, slloir me to present the f utureLadr Douglas.' Sadder - a hlaok cloud rests on the face of the old Sjotcb earl. His extended hand stops bait way ; bis«old, blue eyes fixed on Isabel in a ferocious glare. ' This lady your fuiure wife, Douglas ? ' ' Yes, uncle ; and you are an admirer of beauty- dark beauty ? ' ' I ncvef forg.it a beautiful face once seen,1 said the Ojirl, still glaring at Isabel. Then i ' Lady Gordon, may we withdraw to a more private room I ' The five are alone in the library. ' Miss Isabel Hyde,' nays the earl, in the voice of a jadge, 'osrry back yonr mind to the latter part of September before last— al- most two years ago. Think of the Eadmoss Btation.' 'She was visiting Lidy Cistlemaine at Neatb,' cried Lady Cresson. The earl waved his hand, and prooeeded solemnly : - 'At Bsamosa station, after midnight, yon entered the train for London. The third olass oars were out ot the question ; the second class were pretty well nllcd; two first-class cars were paid for as private. You entered the other, where there was one traveller, in a cloak. Yon were not alone ; yon were with Colonel Lennox, and I was that traveller. Yon went to London. You and Colonel Lennox left the train together ; yon entered a oab together. Before I secured a cab yours was ont of sight. 1 1 was before f onr o'clock, a very dark morning, and— the character of Colonel Lennox is well known.' Lord Stuart Douglas, with flaming eyes, had dropped Iasbal'a hand and stepped back. Lady Gordon looked scorn and dismay. Lady Oresson was pallid, and dropped into a chair, She oried : ' Sir, you are mistaken 1 ' ' I am not mistaken. I could swear to her, I saw her for over on hour. I heard her voice. It was she I ' ' I only met Colonel L°nnox by aooident at tho (station I' oried Isabel, breathlessly. 'I missed an earlier train. It you had followed the cab you would have seen that I went to the Westminstfr Hotel, nndhoto his club.' ' You oan never explain or excuse a lady of your age &nd; position wandering alone at night with Colonel Lsnnox. The wile ot my heir mast be without reproach. Lady Gordon, allow Danglas and myself to take our leave ; it will cause lees tslk.' They departed. Lady Gordon looked at aunt and nirce. 'Dear Lidy Cresaon, yoa have my Bympathjr. This is terrible I Bat my home is full of friends— young ladies, too ? ' 'I understand you,' eaid Lady Cresson. ' It you will order a carriage, I will at once remove my niece.'1 They were in the car, 'Isabel,' eaid Lidy Cresson, 'I will see you again. You understand, yon can enter London society after this. Go and hide your head 1' They parted at tbe Junction— Ljdy for London; Isabel apparently for [sabel passed tvo stations. At the th hit the car, and waited for another tra She had made up her mind. She would throw herself on tbe meroy of Lord Castle maine. She wonld tell him that she had been sacrificed in her e3ort to save his wife, for his sake. In reoklesnly undertaking to lead Colonel Lennox away from Gertrude, she had 'destroyed herself. All hope was lost now but in Lord Castlemtine. She would go and boldly plead her love for him. Even if that failed, in what would ehe be worse oft than now? CHAPTER LXll. SOW TOT DEI11I CAME TSDB. Shut up alone in her first-olass carriage, Isabel Hyde Buffered^ an anguish as ot lost souls. Fury .against herself, remorse, not repentance, seized her. How easily she might have prevented this horrible end I On that fatal night, when she had meant to betrayGertrndeintoflyingwithOolonelLennox she had madly lost all by going to London in hisoompany. She ooaH have remained at the oottage, bribing the woman to silenoe. ' She oonld have gone to s hotel at Bedmoss, and left alone in the early morning train. In her confusion and wrath beoause Ger trude -had overthrown all her plans, she hurried -to London in the same carriage with Colonel Lennox and allowed him to escort her as far as the hotel. True, ehe had entered the hotel alone ; she had given a feigned name ; breakfasted alone, and gone home by that afternoon's train. London had been empty ot sooiety people ; no one recognized her; ehe supposed that escapade dead! and buried. Now it had coma tome up like a ghost to break her engagement with Lord Douglas, whioh was nuking a nine, day's wonder at her amazing good fortune. Lady Gordon would be obliged to explain to tome extent. Lord Douglas would feel bim selt obliged to explain. Her aunt had finally out her off. Her family would be furious at her folly, ana the wreck ol her prospects. The glories of Douglas and Duneddin grew on her as they vanished out ot her grasp for aver. She was taking her last chance. Her one hope was in the help, the chivalry, the blindness o! Lord Oastlemaine. \- To him she hastened, flying with all the cpeeaofstaam through the -waning summer 9v-^ , . , , ' , , tiotdOasUematae ana Doctor Kandal were; uneasily pacing the terraoe. LordOasUemaine. US sent Ms dispatch to Lady. Oresson. His, one hope lay now in wresting the truth ttmn Isabel Hyde. Every hour seemed a year, tratij h« could ge» on the track ot hit vanishtjl wife. Up the long avenue dashed a horse, ooverec with foam, and ridden by a man looking like a public honse hostler. Man and heist ware bretthlem, and covered with dust. Tbe rider held out to Lird CaBtlemaine a slip of paper, rumpled and soiled, torn from a note-book, and hastily written upon with a lead pencil. L:rd Cistlemaine snatched the paper and read (he lines : 11 Terrible R B. accident, five miles beyond Bedmoss. A lady in first-olass car seriously injured. She is in a state ot extreme anxiety to see yon. Come at once. She oannot live out tbe night.' Lord OaBtlemaine reeled back against Doctor Btndal. 'Doctor Rendul, it is Gertrude I' ' Who is tbe lady ? Have you nothing else!' shouted Dr. Eindal. The man was still fumbling in his pockets. He found the objeot ol his search and handed it over— a card. 'It was io her pocket,' he said. On the oard was : - 'If abei. Hide.' 'Mini' shouted Lsrd Castlemaine, ?'aid you see her? Was «he dark?' 'I don't know— yes— I saw her— yes, she was dark and handsome. It is her spine, my lord. She is quiet, and don't suffer ; but she . is gain' fast. Yon'd better hurry yourself!' ' Horses 1 horses I' roared Lord Castle, maine ; ' the two fastest horses I' Tbe grooms sprang abont in the stables, and in five minutes two swift, blooded horses, impatient in tbe road, were ready for Lord Cantlemaine and Dr. Rindal. They leaped into the saddles, and were away like the wind. The tun had set ; the moon had risen ; the world was still in the balm and dew of the Bummer night; the inseots whirred and chirped ; softly from the distant woods called . the sad whip- poor-will, or ohanted the nightin gale; and still over the broad, hard road thnn dared tbe feet of the horses, as Lord Oastle maine and his friend went to her who waB dying in her wasted youth, and so unfit to dte. They reached the place at last— the turn in tbe toad where tbere had been a collision. Cause— a negleoted switch. More remote cjueo— a switch-tender asleep. S'ill more remote cause — a' human being overworked for seven days in the week ; given a pittance; shortened boars of rest; length ened hours of labor. Treated as a man? No ; as a machine. Well, the machine breaks down ; the man falls BBleep. Asleep ? Bather into coma. Who is to blame ? Same one is to blame. See this wrecked train; see all these dead bodies The jury will blame and punish the switch-tender. High Heaven will blame the oompany who overworked him; and this blood and his blood will/ be required at their hands. Here is the cottage where Isabel Hyde has been carried. Aoonchhas been drawn into the centre ot the room, made as easy as possible, and on it lies Isabel Hyde, tbe shadow of death already quenohing the fire ot her great black eyes, and smiting the lately splendid color from tbe oheek of aooiety'e Hsd Bose. Lord Castlemaine and Dr. Itindal entered. 'Isabel,' said Lord Cutlemaine, bending to take her hand, ' Heaven only knows how grieved I am to see you like this 1' ' You will be sorry about me, Lard Castle maine?' eaid Isabel, ' Yes ; words oannot tell how I shall grieve that you die so young and so suddenly. ' And you will etay with me until I die !' 'Yea, Isabel.' 'It is more than I could have expected; and it is better. What was there left for me to live for?' eaia Isabel. Tbe women ol the house withdrew. Dootor Bindal went out and spoke with the dootor who was attending the injured, then returned and made some slight examination of Isabel ; more w«b not needed ; her late was on her taw. 'Miss Hyde, do you know your state?' 'Yes, I know,' said Isabel. ' And what can I io for you, Isabel, now or hereafter ?' eaid Lord Cistlemaine. ' You can listen to what I have to Fay,' said Isabel. 'I Bent for you for that. I shall shook you, Lord Oastlemaine ; but do not leave me tor that,' ' I will not leave you. I have promised,' ' S»y, before I begin, you forgive me.' 'I— forgive you,' said Lord Castlemaine. 'Think baok to when we first met. I know you liked me ; you liked me better than all the rest ; I saw it. At first I acted toward you merely as ambition, and Aunt Oreeson's orders to make a good match dictated. But I grew to love you. I, who had never cared for anyone, whose heart was cold to parents, brothers, Bisters, friends, I loved for the first time, and I loved you— oh, how madly I' 'Hush, hush, Isabel 1' said Lord CaBtle maine, deeply pained. ' It is too late to mind now,' said Isabel. ' Let me go on. You never spoke or acted love, but there was no one you preferred, and I hoped— until you met Gertrude, end 70U loved her at once, when you had known 19 so long I I tried to win you away, bnt u unheeded my efforts to charm you ; you ?-. 'e not to be won. I hoped to the last— mpsd until I stood first brides-maid at your wedding, and there I snore to part yon— at any price.' 'Isabel I Isabel I are you mad?' cried Lord Castlsmaine. ' This is tbe hour of troth. I pretended strong friendship for you both.. II was love for you, hate for her.' 'My poor Gertrude 1' moaned Lord Castle maine. ' She wss wax in my hands ; so were yon. I made the little quarrels between you ; I made you jealous, and roused her pride, and made her headstrong. I introduced Colonel Lennox to her. I told hei yoa were measly jealous, and that be was the best of men. I planned meetings for them, sending him word wherever ehe shonld be, and ehe never ~ knew it. ^ I forced them together. I saw be loved her ; she never dreamed ot it. I asked him to lunch et your house ; I arranged the tableaux I I telegraphed him to meet us at Bath. I goaded her constantly, to resist you. I read to him, and loaned him all her letters from Neatb. I told him to follow me to Neath, and he should see her. /planned meetings which were surprises to her ; and I tried in vain to ronse in her love for him. She was his friend— only that — just as cool and calm to him as a woman of snow.' 'Oh, Gertrude, my darling 1 my injured darling 1' wailed Lord Castlemiine. ' Gertrude furiously resented the hour when he passed beyond calm, respectable friendship into a plea for love. She resolved never to see him again. He wrote her— the only time. In her distress Bhe burned the letter, fearing yonr jealous rage. It was to me she told Tour threat of separation, yonr order to go to East dale. It was I who painted to her the dis grace of separation. I told her yon wonld rob her other child. I planned to fly with her to France. I told her we could hide in the South ol France until yon came to her terms. I had hired the carriage, brought it to the ' NunB' Gate.' I put the glove, picture, and handkerchief ot Colonel Lennox in her room. I took her to the carriage. I had arranged to leave it on a slight excuse, have Colonel Lennox silently take my piece, and go with her to Dover— to Calais— before he revealed himself. I knew a flight with him wotild never turn innocent, and yon wonld divorce her. I hoped yon would turn to me. I oannot tell how it was— J had led, ruled Gertrude all along— at the moment I left her in the car riage she took her future into her own hands. The carriage dashed off furiously. She was in it atone. Colonel Lennox and I were left studiitg in the road. We went at ones to London. That nigbt jodrney with him has Binoeproveamjdestruotion. Iw»iseen,reoog. 