TUEF GOSSIP, Br Augcb. Having been present at the Hawkesbury and A.J.C. meetings, I have had an oppor tunity o£ judging the capabilities of the horsesof ourneighbours which are likely toput in an appearance at Caulfield and Flemington during tiie months of October and November. From .their public and private performances I'm forced to the conclusion that the elders are the worst, while the three year olds are the best that ever represented the sister colony. Cerise and Bine was scarcely herself, bat a fitter horse than The Jewel never stripped upon a racecourse, and he acquitted himself creditably. Industry is a good mare, a slash ing big daughter of Musket, with great Lur line quarters; and Corday is a useful animal; but the form of the handicap horses can be gauged by the easy manner in which Meteor, Coriolanus, and The Agent pat down the respective fields opposed to them. Still, some of them are very lightly weighted in one great handicaps, and, as they will be Strang right up by the time the contests take place, one or other of the rich prizes may go to them. I would prefer, however, to place my faith in the three year olds. Trident Btands oat prominently as the best, superior to anything w.e Baw last year, and quite capable, .'pefhaps, of emulat ing the brilliant deeds Jof his relative, Navigator; but I want t&iatte; him alongside a Malna or a Commotion gre t concede that be is equal or superior "to his brother, who was undoubtedly a colt of the very highest class. Trident has done.all that he i^as been asked quite as easily as did Navigated before him. He galloped away from his Deny opponents with consummate ease, won the Craven Plate in a common canter, and romped home in the three-miles race. But was be upon any oc casion opposed by a first-class animal ? Pos sibly be is a phenomenon, while the others of his age are really good-animals. Next to the crack, tbereWas no three year old at Hand wick that I fancied more than Bravo, a colt who bears a etrongresemblance to his sire, Grand Flaneur, but: with more muscular quarters. He ran forward for more than a mile and a half in the Metropolitan, and he won the Members' Handicap like a racehorse. This coH is -by Grand Flaneur from The Orphan, l^ifuribyrnong from a mare by Lord of theHEfiBa from Moss Rose, who was once in Mr/DaMestee's stable. It is to be regretted that'his breeder seems to be one of the carelesa ^oft, and neglected to send in returns of his mores to the compiler of the Stud Book H briers were cof®isaai of the fact that the ab$£n&e; of the BamCajaf their brocd mares from .the. pages of this: work considerably reduced their value they would be not so dilatory in sending in tbeir re turns. There is no greater sinner in this re spect than my old friend Mr. W. E. Royds, who ought to know better. Volcano has improved considerably since he last appeared in public, though he is still a gaunt Fisherman-looking gelding, who will fill out into a fine horse if his legs stand. He ran but once, viz., in the Foal Stakes, and beat his stable companion, Tamarisk, cleverly, but if the latter had not been made so much use of I am nb't so certain that he would have beaten her at all. She is one of the gamest fillies I have ever seen, and seems to be on the improving side. With Trident, Volcano, Tamarisk, Acme, and Neophyte the Hem. James White should have a rare innings thfe season. Acme, like Tamarisk, appeared to improve every time she ran, and over any distance up to a mile she will prove hard to beat, in My Lord the Horn VV. A. Long Iras a very brilliant colt, a perfect gentleman to look at, bnt a trifle deflcientperhaps-i* his back ribs, and a doubtful stayer. The style in which he smothered his field in the Shorts Handicap was something worth looking at, and that, too, after getting off very badly. I think Crossfire is made of sterner staff, and can get any distance. It was a treat, indeed, to see her straggle home with Lord William, and afterwards with Tamarisk. In the latter contest she laboured under the disad vantage of having to run in bar shoes, other wise she would been returned the winner of the A. J. C. Oaks. Should anything go wrong with Trident Mr. Long's filly will be in some request fot bur Derby. From the moment I saw Lord William run so respectably at Hiawkesbury I was satis fied Mr. Osborne possessed a good colt in this son of Grand flaneur. He is engaged in the Caulfield Guinqoa, V.R.C. Derby, and Melbourne Cup, and will probably be seen at Caulfield and Flemington. Kingfish struck me as a colt susceptible of some improve ment, and with only 6tb upon his back in the Melbourne Cup be ought to nearly, if not quite, win.' Should all go well with Tri dent, bis owner may consider discretion the bettor part of valour, so far as the Derby is concerned, and reserve the colt for the Cup. Chesham didn't figure at the meeting, bnt he was doing nice work-on the training gtonnd with the view of beihgebt ready for theV.R.C. Derby. Neophyte , and Fernandez are useful youngsters, and, adding these to the number, we may expect to see Trident, Volcano, Tamarisk, Acme, Neophyte, My Lord, King fish, Crossfire, Flairgowrie, Chesham, Lord William, Bravo, Neophyte, Fernandez, and perhaps Yellow Jacket, among the visitors to Melbourne this teUson. Never in the annals of the turf has the sister colony possessed SO, powerful a string of three, yew bids., end unless Malua or Commotion should happen to come to the post, I don't see bow we are to prevent them carrying ail before them in the weight-for-age races. Bohemian's victbiy in the Metropolitan astonished Ml who imagined that he conldn't get ft distance. Once r laboured under the impression that a mitf was about the length of his tether, but he.grew so much like Rich mond thet theto jseemed no reason, why he shonldh'tbet a diBtMic&abd; I fully expected' to see the uaulfiMd CUjTChosen as the race in which he >A* . th »rthe question at rest Tom Jopai, ) art I of tutf irtr&togy;, TOWTOCd' that the Metro- ' politan was the easiest of the four great races to win, and be acted accord ingly. Yet there was nothing in his three previous performances to justify any body in selecting him as a likely winner of the Metropolitan. We remember that the worst of these was attributed by his late owner, Mr. E. Weeks, to a dental opera tion having been performed, but Jones denies J that there was any truth in the rumour that the horse had been suffering from an affec tion of the teeth, and he must therefore have been out of all form, or bow are we to ac count for these inglorious exhibitions ? Be lieving that he was a non-Btayer, Mr. Scarr i let him in at 7st., and, though his trainer de I termined to put up lib. extra in order to secure the services of Alec Robertson, the horse confounded his detractors by winning cleverly. The well-planned coup might have been overthrown had not The Jewel changed his legs a few strides from home. It is sur prising how quietly the triumph of a Vic torian horse is received at Randwick. Be yond a few cheers from the Victorians who had backed him there wasn't a single voice raised in favour of the winner. He didn't get a hand from the New South Wales men, and the Victorians who had not backed him asked seme of the most amusing questions respecting bis previous running. " The deeds of Coriolanus should not he uttered feebly." The ancient Roman has now been on the turf these Bix years, and has run over all sorts of courses, including Flemington, Caulfield, Geelong, Wyndhum, Hobart, Adelaide, Randwick, and Elstern wick-park, and now when he is eight years old he comes forth, and wins a race in brilliant fashion. With Emir Bey, Bundoora, and others, Coriolanus was as a yearling sent to New Zealand, but, although his breeder, Mr. S. Gardiner, of Bundoora-park, disposed of the two named, be refused the money offered for " the Cochin China," as his pre sent owner affectionately calls him, and, after winning the Champion Stakes, he sold him for 800 guineas to Mr. ILK. Maitland, who had no luck with him. He was after wards the conjoint property of Messrs. S. Martin and J. _ Harper, and tin ally found bis way into the Kingston stable. He commenced his career in the Maribyrnong Plate, but was not successful as a two year old ; in fact, his first triumph was gained in the Champion Stakes, where he surprised everybody by de feating Commotion and others. Next to this his best performance was winning Tattersall's Cup, ana last spring he ran third for the Caulfield Cup, but subsequently sadly disap pointed his owner, who backed him for a lot of money at the V. ILL. spring meeting. Lat terly the old fellow has been the schoolmaster at Kingston, and, having shaped very well in a gallop with Meteor, Mr. Robertson posted off home for him directly the -son of St. Albans Lad won bo easily at Hawkesbury. His nomination for the weigh t-for-age races looked like a huge joke, and he was very wisely reserved for one race, the Waverley Handicap, the only event he started for at the meeting, and he won in very fast time. In these days, when we hear so much croaking about the deterioration ot the racehorse through early two-year-old racing, it is grati fying to see horses like-Bohemian and Corio lanus proving that it is no detriment to ruu early in life. Another old one who won a handicap at the meeting was The Agent. Whose best distance on- the flat is a mile ana s quarter, and he pseved this by winning the Free Handicap. Corday, who won her race handsomely, is a daughter of Grand Flaneur and the Angler mare Egalite, and, though she has a penalty in the Caulfield Cup, she should have a show. Of the two year olds that ran I'm still of opinion that, although she didn't even ob tain- a place, Mirailda is the best of those tbatrfigored at Randwick. A week before the Richmond Stakes Bhe ran half a mile in splendid dtyle, bat she then became ehin horsj add did -very little work afterwards As a cqnltSqpence she-put on a lot or flesh, ] Svhjw Yehitan knd Matador were the fittest of tRe fit, albejit in transcribing my telegram it whs made to appear that the latter was one of the " fattest" of the competitors. In the Richmond Stakes the performance of Pontifex was decidedly the best, for he. was left lengths behind everything, and was not much more than a length from the winner at the finish. The style lit which he came home looked like Btaying, and if this son of The Pop tiff goes on all right he will carry the blue and white very forward at Caulfield and Fltmington. Yetman, who won so cleverly, is engaged in the V.A.T.C. Foal Stakes, but I not the Maribyrnong Plate, and being a very j quick beginner, he will always be dangerous over short courses. [ Among the sires represented at the meeting the first place must be awarded to Robinson Crusoe, who had but a single winner, but that winner was Trident, who stood head and shoulders above everything that per-1 formed. It is strange, indeed, that Robinson Crusoe during bis career should have begat only two first-class horses, Navigator and Trident, and both from the same mare. Chester had excellent representatives in Vol cano, Tamarisk, and Neophyte; and Grand Flanenr looks like Mr. Town's coming sire, for Bravo, Corday, and Lord William are claimed by him. Goldsbrough's daughter, Crossfire, is perhaps the best filly of the springtime; end Zeno, another Goldsbrough, is a horse of some pretensions to be con sidered a racehorse. Musket had a worthy representative in Industry, and Maribyrnong a really good son in Bohemian. Kingsborough's solitary victory was achieved by his daughter Kathleen. Tubal Cain had a single winner, Coriolanus, and he won the only race he started for. The Richmond Stakes fell to a son of Julian Avenel, and there can be no doubt that Gemma di Vergy can lay claim to a first-class hurdleracer in Caloola, whose most formidable rival, The Agent, turned his at tention to the flat, and gave Slanderer a torn by winning the Free Handicap. The starting again was a bone of conten tion, and ever will be on a coarse like that of Randwick. Mr. Devlin was fairly successful on the first day, but after that he seemed to go all to pieces. He had to make an example of several of the jockeys by recommending their suspension, which is the only punish ment that has a deterrent effect upon the obstreperous boys, and be threatened others with similar pains and penalties. I heard many people find fault with Mr. Town's I decisions in the two instances where | Crossfire ran a dead heat, bnt the jadge is the only man who can decide a close thing. 1 and as the spectators on one side differed! from those on the other, depend upon it the ' judge was correct. With the exception of the running track, which was as hard as a turnpike road even the 'day after rain fell, Mr. Clibbom's arrangements were as perfect as ever. I have before suggested a coating of rotten tan to improve the running ground, and if it be adopted there will not be much cause for complaint a year afterwards. To the abruptness of the Derby turn was attri buted the accident in the Selling Race, but the jockey's explanation exploded this idea. The course, however, is anything but a per fect one, and Mr. Long's.proposition to ex tend it farther towards the tan and the western end would, if carried oat, effeet'6 marked improvement W. Yenmans had bad lack in Student, who broke his leg in the Steeple* chase, and had to be destroyed, and Batty received a nasty shaking, bat is nearly right again. As a rule, Mr. Scan is very happy in his handicapping efforts, bnt he was not bo successful as usual in this direction, and backers had not much difficulty in selecting winners in two or three trials The result of this was that the large army of bookmakers had a disastrous time. Some of the Victorian division of backers had a good time, and deservedly sot for they have seldom returned from Randwick with a balance on the right side, and, therefore, were fully entitled to the luck which attended them. How Mr. Mayo must regret that he failed to nominate The Jewel for the Cauifield Cup or Melbourne Cup. His previous visits to Victoria had been attended with little or no success, and his cup of bitterness was filled to overflowing when Prince Imperial injured himself so severely in the terrible accident at Cauifield that he was unable to start for the Melbourne Cup. Smarting under a series of misfortunes which attended his Victorian trips, Mr. Mayo determined to stand out this year, and failed to nominate for either Cauifield Cup or Melbourne Cup. Since then The Jewel has proved himself a worthy son of a worthy mother, but upon three occasions that he has started this season he' has gained the unenviable position of second. Had the horse been nominated for the Cauifield Cup and Melbourne Cup he would have been handicapped at about 7st 51b. tor the former and 7sfc. 21b. for the latter, and one or the other would probably have been annexed by him, for, as ne did not win ab either Hawkesbury or Randwick, he would have had no penalty. Lord Carrington has three good-looking two year olds, but I doubt if they can be fib by the V.R.C. Spring meeting. While I was at Randwick their work was confined to tittipy canters and trotting, and, as they were all fall of flesh, 1 presume Mr. Day doesn't intend to pnsh them forward for their spring engagements. Rupert 11., byMaribyr nong from Sapphire, is a youngster that any man might feel proud to own, and the fillies are both promising youngsters. There will ba a hearty cheer at either Randwick or Fleming ton when the buff and black jacket of the Governor ot New South Wales flashes first past the post There were loud lamentations over the scratching of Ringmaster for the Metro politan, and the owner of the horse was generally condemned for the action he took. The excuse that the owner had been fore stalled was somewhat lame. I think I've beard it before under similar circum stances. If the owner desired to back his horse he must have known that if he left the commission until Ringmaster arrived in Sydney he would have to accept a short price. The market was open to him as well as the public, and if he neglected the opportunity it was his own fault. No doubt it is galling to an owner who gets his living by racing to find that all the money in the market has been swallowed up, and when the takers are re quested to disgorge some of it, to be refused in an off-hand manner, but the pub lic is entitled to some consideration. Here was-a. horse who had done a great gallop at Flemington, to which full publicity had been given, and the public, as usual, blindly rushed to back him, while his owner, for reasons best known to himself, bad not taken the precaution to invest any money on bim, nor did'bfe try to do so until he got to Sydney, when he found that certain parties had forestalled him. How could he expect, any other result?. It is said.that the money was taken by the bookmakers, wiitiT refused to lay the owner 2,000 to 200, hence the scratching. To speak in the mildest of terms, the public, was treated very cavalierly, and, while the present system of betting exists, it will beJha&tatoeenri; of tire Chap ter, or until the totalisator is brought into existence, when we may hope to see every thing in connexion' with racing conducted in a fair and square manner. The Hon. James White has been offered 10,000 guineas for Trident He is not worth it except for one purpose, to effectually dis pose or hiB chance for the V.R.C. Derby and Melbourne Cnp. When Newminster was similarly situated some thousands of pounds were offered the Messrs Chirnside tor' the colt, but they refused, and so bah. Mf.7 White. 1 - The Victorian friends of Mr. Henry Driver will regret to hear that he has had to undergo a very serious operation, his tongue having to be removed. He is now progressing favour ably, and hopes are entertained that he will be able to occupy his old position of judge to the Dunedin Jockey Club. Colonel Fraser, the owner of the thorough bred sire King Cole, having adopted the custom of charging 40 guineas for dams of winners, while he charged only 20 guineas for other mares, the New Zealand Stud Company will not under these circumstances pat any mares to the son of King Tom. Why the dams of winners Bhould be charged doable for the services of the horse is inexplicable to me. It is a new departure on the part of a studmaster, and I think the New Zealand Stud Company was perfectly justified in re senting it That erratic individual Tom Osborne, the English jockey, has tnrned up in Colombo, and stated his intention of remaining there nntil toe races were over, and then going on to Calcutta. The Indian papers do not hide his light under a bushel, for the Planters* Gazette gives full publicity to the high jinks played by him at Cauifield. Isonomy must be in great form just now. On Saturday he carried IGst and won the fiat race at the Adelaide Hunt Club meeting. He is engaged in the Melbourne Cup at 7st. 121b., and, as he is reported to have grown into a magnificent horse, he ought to be in toe front rang when toe judge gives his decision. Glancing over the Victoria Amateur Turf Club balance-sheet—which, by toe way, con tains more information than that of the V.R.C.—I notice that there is one item miss ing. The salaries of thesecretary, accountant, clerk, &c.;, are given; and the starter, sosays toe document, now receives £25 per day; but toe amount paid to toe judge is not included. Is it so insignificant that the committee or toe secretary feel ashamed that it should appear in the balance-sheet ? It I remember rightly,. Mr. Vowles used to receive toe munificent sum of £40 per year. I believe it-has been raised, but though the position is tar more responsible and important than that of the starter, toe latter receives a larger sum for two days' services than the judge does for toe whole year. This appears very contemptible. No doubt Mr. George Wataon is facile piinceps as a starter, and bis honorary eervices for some time deserve recognition, but if be is worth £250 a year surely thejadge m entitled to £100. Bich raring- institutions, eufch as the V.R.C. and. V.A.T.G., S ^ officials liberally, becauste toe inoeess of ~ meeting depends upon their probity. I'm aware there a of committee who think"! taries and other offitialfr^ thesfervicea they rendf :ive **#de time to their club will agree »viih me that the i vetoark does not apply to the V. A.'l'.C. Williamstown promises to outrival most of our suburban racing clubs in the richness of its prizes. This year the centre-piece of the November bill of fare will be the Williams town Handicap, of 1500 sova., one mite, and entries fortius will close at the V.'l'.C. office, 100 Bourke street, at 4 p.m.. and with the secretary, Mr. Sutton, at the Steampacket Tavern, Williamstown, at S p.m. on Monday next, when I expect to see at least GO horses nominated. On the same day and at the same place entries for the Elatemwick-park Meeting will close. The programme comprises seven events, starting with the Trotting i-ires 1 ro duce Stakes, which is followed by the Severn side Cup, a time handicap trot of CO sova., with cup value 30 guineas, the S'h Mr. Frank Bobbins. A Hurdle Bace of ,■> sovs., LheOctober Haudicap of 7t> sovs.. Steeple chase of 100 sovs.. Selling Race of GO sovs., andiElstcruwick-park Handicap of 100 sovs. tre-the other items. > 4 . Little Nell, the dam ofSwivelter, Chuckster, and Kit.Nubbles, foaled a colt to Lot hair on the"24th September. The old mare has been suffering from an injured jaw, from the effects-of which she was considerably re duced, hut she is now picking up, and be ginning to put on fiesb. , Chelsea, a grandson of The Marquis, whom I a few weeks ago referred to as a winner in the old country, lias added another victory to his credit. In the Brighton Stakes, a handi cap of a mile and a half, he carried Sat. 121b., and won bv a reck. At the same meeting The Wrekin, by Wenlock from Mayoress, by The Marquis, won a Welter Handicap. Mares by The Marquis produce many; winners in England, and one of the best or them is Mayoress, who is by the son of Stockwell from Titicns, by Longbow from Songstress—a mare whose name appears in the pedigrees of several of the late Mr. Bryant's stud matrons. She is the damof that sound old slave Toastmaster, who has won manv races in England, and one ot her latest productions, the aptly-named Wbit rington, by Galopin, won the Great Breeders Convivial Produce Stakes of 400 sovs. at York, Silverbraid and Diavolo being second and third. The winner was ridden by Fred Archer, who, when the mail left, was still behind C. Wood in the number of winning mouuts, Wood's total number of wins being; 115 against Archer's 108. i In his office in Sydney Mr. T. S. Chbboru has several old racing books full of interest to those who take any delight in turf matters One day last week, while having a chat with the worthy secretary of the A.J.C.; hehanded them to me, and I spent half :an..bonr ui perusing them. One, over 200 yeais oid, by Markhatn, in quaint and peculiar language, deals with the horse in a manner which would hardly be considered orthodox in these en-' lightened days : but most interesting to me was the book of rules of the Syduey Lace Club, published in 1810. They raced for the pure lore of sport in those days, and the roping and ramping of the present time were, j I suppose, unknown. Jockeys were not then j in receipt of larger salaries than the Premier i of a colony, for the rulere of the turf set their 1 faces against the payment of excessive fees, j as the following rule shows :—" The riding I jockevs shall be paid in the following man-j ner The jockey; riding the winning horse hve guineas, aad'iH the others three guineas ; each. Any gentleman who shall pay a greater or less sum tbau above prescribed to be ex pelled the club." The weight-for-age scale was not in accordance with modern ideas. Horses of four years old had all the best of J it. for ''^weights were For 2 yra, Gst 21b.; B^refTst. 4lb.*j 4 yra, 8st; ft yrs, SsL 121b.; 6 yra, 9st 101b.; and aged, lOst Mr. Clibborn also presented me with the portraits of three of the oldest living jockeys in Australia, I viz., Johnny Higgerson, who rode Tarragon when be won the Champion Stakes : Jemmy Ashworth^bo rode Volunteer upon that memorable occasion, when the two horses ran a dead heat, antF-Zoe when she ran! Second to Flying Back and won two Cham rfon Races; and Sam Holmes, who was on tpe back of Tonjboy when he defeated Veno, and f ode many horses to victory. Higgerson, whp is ■men bigger mau than the ordinary run of jockeys, now, I believe, has a little farm j Holmes keeps an hotel at j Parramatta; and Ashworth is the respected clerk qf the course at Randwick. 'vhiie in Sydney I took a run out to H. ynqr's stable, to have a look at Arsenal, q colt has improved the right. w ay, and mgh at the time of my visit he was a little wove himself, he struck me as likely'io be enough by Melbourne Cup Day, providing his feet allow his trainer to give him a strong preparation. Lady Lnrline, Peabody, ana Colenso were a trifle backward, in conse quence of suffering from sore shins, but Hayner hopes to have one or two of them ready tor our autumn meeting. Up to August 21 J. M'Laughliu, the crack American jockey, had daring the seascn rjdden in 207 races and won 89. This is an excellent percentage. J , , Another of the old school, of Tasiuaniaji, jportsmen has passed. ajguy- "V^t'ora' to &tje-; " "ifobart will remember jlrejri&ei;&jle;' .... priftqr of the Horse and J^cgej?" Hotel at NeWtown, Mr. Thomas Todd C6olev. full of years and respected by all who knew him, Ire died at his residence on the 22ud Sep-. tember. Mr. Cooley, who was 83 years of j age. arrived in Hobart in 1823, so thai-he i nan been no less than 63 years a resident, and 47 of these were spent in the (}I<|'jhiouse at Newtown. Dur/ng that time be owned or was interested in several good racehorses, and one of them was Swprdsman, as stout a! horse as ever trod turf. ( Mr. IL Haines, one pf the most respected members of the Victorian ring, has returned i to Australia by the mail steamer Cabbage,1 aHtAtnttiv n itrin frt fho rvniriffv . ' their appearance I ventured ah opinion tbat most danger would have to be appre hended from horses under 7st. I.then had my eye npon Krupp, a very fine son of Mosket, bathe has gone wrong, and probably will not start, ' Rumour bath it tbat Mr. Moran has been, offered £1,500 for his horse Little John. Although this appears to be' more than the horse's value, the offer was refused. At the Cleveland (America) trotting meet- i iug the gelding Harry Wilkes trotted three single mileheats in 2m. lib., 2m. 14&., and 2m. 15|€. In a contest between the 2m. 19s. class no less than nine heats were trotted before the race was decided. This most have been a little too modi of a good thing. T. Jones arrived from Sydney on Monday, and brought with him Bohemian, Buzza, and Ways. The last-named is a very smart two — Yhy Maribyrnong from Snrt Buzza " 1 to him by Mr. S. Martin, and zvour to patch him op for a does succeed in bringing tiie horse to the post, and ivinniii't o ran-, I shall regard it j as little short of a miracle. He may do so if j a long spell of wet weather were to set in, but j not it the tracks are hard and dry. Meteor's injury was a badly bruised foot, which has 'ever since been carefully attended to, and ( now, with the assistance <>t a bar shoe, he walks comparatively sound. 1 fancy he will be all right by the V. II. C. Npring .Meeting. J Those who have horses engaged in the ] V.R.C. Mares' Produce Stakes and Maribyr nong Plate are reminded that if they intend to withdraw, they roust declare and pay a forfeit of one sovereign for the former, and five sovereigns for the latter, before 4 p.m. on Monday next, October 4. In the event of forgetting, they will be liable for half forfeit in each race. At rtemington a few days agon saw old Commotion striding along on the tan, hut 1 noticed wheu he pulled up that his injured leg was considerably bowed. So far as bodily health goes the gallant old son of Panic was never so well perhaps, but Mr. Dakin fears that when he is extended be will crack up. What a gratifying 6ight it would ' be to see Malua, Commotion, and Trident opposing each other iu the Canterbury Plate. . . I Last year, with Urnlla and Xordenfeldt in the Derby, the Hon. James White made the, mistake of selecting Uralia as the more pro mising Derby candidate, but after the Rand wick meeting he was satisfied of his error. A similar occurrence seems to have taken place this season, for while I was in Sydney ihe lion. James White informed me that ! during the winter lie had come to the con clusion that Volcano was his best representa tive ior the V. H.C. Derby, and had backed him and neglected the brother to Navigator. Previous to the A.J.C. meeting Trident settled the vexed question beyond theslightest doubt, aud now the squire of KirUliam iinds himself iu the same predicament as last year, when he had most of the Uralia money and the public had the bulk of that which had been invested on the New Zealand-bred colt It is now rumoured that Mr. White will, if possible, win our Derby with Volcano. No doubt with those who have laid heavily against Trident, or those who have backed Volcano in preference to the favourite, the wish' isfather to the thought. If Mr. White desire? 4o win the ^ R C. Derby he will have to do"so' with his best, and that is Trident jForjny pqijt l feel satisfied-that-Volcano can notruniefs Several of ilie best apimals en gaged^rop,oo£ . Had the A,3:C. Foal Stakes | becnin^x^siSi^a ball" instead, pt a;ipile and a quart¥r Tamausk would have jbegtcn him, aud, as' Crossfire is a better apiroal than Tamarisk,-she should be quitpcapable of settling the pretensions of Volcano, aud if she is not, then Kenneth, Lord William, or Cke8ham. The last-named was doing nice work at Randwick, and should be cherry ripe in November. I've never wavered, ip my opinion respecting his staying better than Blairgowrie, and it is just possible that if he is a starter he may make a better light of it ] | than did his stable companion. | j There should be some good sport at | FJemington this afternoon on the occasion of j the Melbourne Hunt Club Meeting. A Selling | Race opens the proceedings, and should The j Chaster and Sorcerer put in an appearance oue or the other ought to win. There is nothing first-class in the Hurdle Race, for which I fancy best Joer, Louis, and Dis tiller. Notwithstanding the heavy weight allotted to Abdallah he shall have my vote for the Huut Club Cup, and next to him L like Robin. To the regular visitors the most; interesting event of the day will be the mile race on the flat There will be a pretty numerous field for this, and if Dunlop were in the same form as wbei\ he performed so ! i brilliantly at Randwick be would be one of i those most worthy of confidence. Gardenia, Chuckater, The Ghost, and St Odille are all j well treated, and further down The Nun, j Claptrap, Duke of Athol, The Levite, Trojan, j Hogmanay, Bonnie Doon, and Don Giovan i all look well upon paper. Of the Jot, I prefer { the chances of Claptrap, The Levite, and Duke of Athol. For the Steeplechase 1 like nothing so well as Blackthorn, and in the Sapling Stakes, Eclat, Patience, and Hahki da.v tna.v fight it out for places. Here we are within a week of the Canlfield meeting, for next Saturday will be the opening day, when the Guineas and Foal Stokes arc to be decided. All who have horses en gaged in these events are reminded that if they are not scratched and the forfeit of fife, sovereigns paid before 4 p.m. on Tuesday, next, they will be liable for the whole ftgke. At present the 22 leit iu the Guineas incfatlde Volcano, Tamarisk, Acme. Blairgowrie, Ches hatn. Lord William, Gadtiy, and Maddelina, and if half a dozen of these lace Mr. Watson, the public will probably be treated to a splendid race. Iu the Foal Stakes 1 notice the names of Yetaian, Sumatra, Pontiles, Abydos, Miranda, 'The Wave, Perhaps, Tabard, Wilara, Bedouin, and AlbertLoddou; and ip the event of the Sydney division pjj.tfptg in an appearance, we shall be able to discover if we nave any chance with them in the Maribyrnong Plate. Mr. Barnard has issued the weights for the V.A.T.C. Hurdle Race, Steeplechase, and Toorak Handicap. In the Hurdle Race, Ocean and Distiller strike me as having the beat of it, and nothing looks better in the Steeplechase than Studley, Blackthorn, and Moonlight; while for the Toorak Handicap, i Hogmanay, Kenneth, Claptrap, Ellington, j The Levite, Trojan, and Dop Giovan sbonld j provide the the winner amongst them. ! Whilst schooling with Squgpf^r over the' steeplechase jumps, on Monday afternoon, a1 King Tom horse, belonging to Mr. Junes Pateraon, and ridden by Holmes, fell heavily. and sustained such internal injuries that he hod subsequently to be destroyed. Daring the past three years his trainer, Mr. Whitty, has., beep unfortunate enough to lose half a dozen more than useful homes, including Victress, Minerva, Wizard, and Dick Neville. After a very brief sojourn at. J. Morrison's, Distiller has gone back to his former trainer. ' As visitors from the other, oolonies are on the look-out for boxes, E Piggotl has re quested me to state that he has three or four to let! H The Adelaide correspondent of this journal informs hoe that J. 1C11 will leave Adelaide for Melbourne on Sajtujday, and will be ac companied by Isonomy, Satyr, Probation, and Perhaps. W. A Filgate will leavcAt the same time with Tarpeia, The Boron, and Lady Carrington, all looking very well. * Mr. Vowles has published the handicapjor the Moonee Valley Cup, and, taking a cur sory glance at it, there Beams to me to be a tremendous lot with a chance, though if Tichboume could begot back to his did form he would be the pick of tbej^ncd}. He fa as, however, performed so inoiffereiitfy of late nut the handicapper was perfectly justified sssasttfsF* ** .progTamme^*jhpears uTHgMrf itomia the N.T-G Handi -hi^dosea wjih other* at 8 p.ra. on October, pp to which time Mr. F. F. The fall programing of ^ " Racing Club is published this week, and con-1 j tilius, iu addition to the Williamstown Ilau j dicap, a llurdle lluce of 80 sovs., Truganina J Stakes of 73 sovs., Telegraph Stakes of 100 j sove., with selling conditions, Steeplechase: J of 80 sova, and Prince of Wales Stakes of 73 1 sovs. i Mr. Bond has requested tne to state that , bookmakers' registration fees are now due. and may he paid to him, or Mr. «J. J. W light j Messrs. Pougharfv, Son, and Parker an j nouuee that they wilt hold their usual I quarterly sale of* horses at Wodonga on : Thursday and Friday, October 7 and S. when 1 they will dispose of no less than 300, many . of them weli suited for the Indian market. j ^ Mr. T. S. Clibborn held a sale of horses in 'Sydney on Mon lay, when he disposed of Highland Mary for 243 guineas ; The Orphan. ; to Mr. \Y. Uannon, for 280 guineas ; Bel vorina, Mr. Cree, Go guineas: Cora Lee, Mr. i 11. K. Maitland, 150 guineas; Czarowitcb, I Mr. s. Knight, at SO guineas; and several | others at smaller prices. ' The conditions of the A, J.C. Summer Cup 1 appear this week, and are much the same as 'usual. The added money is 500 sova., and | the sweep 20 sovs. Entries close at the A. J.C. and V.R.C. offices on Thursday, Qcto i u„. 1 4 | ber 14. I j The Sydney Driving-park Club is in tlie field j with another meeting for the 23rd October. In I eluded in the bill of fare is a Handicap i rot i I of 100 so vs., twotnilcs, Saddle Handicap Trot , of 30 sovs., a Pony Bate of 35 sovs., ana a i Produce Stakes for trotters. Entries close j with the secretary, Mr. U. Skinner, Hunter I street, Sydney, on Friday next, October 8. | Barlow, the English jockey, has returned j from New Zealand to Sydney. He informed I me that he was living with Mr. T. Esmond, | but would be prepared to accept mounts at , the forthcoming Spring Meeting. He can j ride 7st 101b., and anybody desirous of secur | ing the services of a good horseman can do ; so by communicating to 15. J. barlow, care of | Mr. Lamond, Waterloo, Sydney. A sire that has received but scant atten J tio/i from breeders is the imported horse i Brandon. This year he will stand at Tarramia (station, seven miles from Varrawongn. at the I moderate fee of live guineas. This horse was j imported from England, and is by Suffolic from Irena, by Jlataplan (brother to Stock ' well} from Hermione, by Kingston, and those j who have mares in the district should not ! hesitate to send them to him. j On Tuesday next Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, I and Co. will submit to auction the imported ! Arab Crusader. This is one of the best Arab horses ever imported, lie was a great per former in India,and in point of conformation no more perfect horse has ever been seen in Australia. Odd Trick was n good racehorse, and, being by King of Clubs from Whirligig, by Lady kirk from Phizgig, lie can boast a pedigree as aristocratic at that of any horse at the stud. This season he will stand at Ballarat race course, at the moderate fee of five guineas. The attention of racing men is directed to Tatters-all's Cup and the Carrington | Stakes, to be run at Sydney TattersftU's meet ing on the 1st and 3rd of January respec tively. To the former tiie club adds 500 sovs.. and the latter is a handicap of 1,000 sovs., 700 sovs. to go to the winner, 200 son's. to the second, and 100 sovs. to the third. Entries close with the secretary, Mr. James Perry, or at the V.lbC. oflice, at 4 p.m.-on TliuredBy, October 14. Mr..C. D. Straker is the successful caterer , for tlue Williamstown Racing Club for the ensuing year. I The annual general meeting of the Victoria | Amateur- Turf Club will take place on Mon j day at Menzies' Hotel. As there is no I opposition -to the retiring members of cotn j mittee,4he business is not likely to take up I much of the time of members. I The Victorian settling over the A. J.C. and ! Hunt Club meetings, will commence at Bo wee's Tattereali's at noon on Monday, and will be continued in the evening at the Vic torian Club. , Tantaliser arrived from Gipps Land vester-1 day, and as be is looking remnrkabty well he should be one of the first flight in the Hurdle j llace, to be run at Flemington to-day. The New South Wales representatives have begun to m«ke their appearance at Fleming- j ton. On Thursday afternoon T. Peyton ar-! rived with a portion of the Hon. James i White's powerful contingent, the seven he j had under his charge consisting of Volcano, ! Tamarisk, Acme, Sumatra, l'ontifex, and Aberdeen. My. Feunelly will arrive on Mon day or Tuesday with the Derby favourite Trident, Monte CUrieto, llexham, Lava, and Bando. Mr. Maitland arrived from Sydney on Friday, and brought with him Meteor. Coriolanus, and his recent purchase, Cora Lee, who met with a slight accident llingmaster also re turned, and next week Messrs. Forrester and others are expected, while Mr. T. Lamond will, in alt probability, reach Flemington this evening. The latter will go to his old quarters at Laurence's. Scr &TCHIS08.;—Selling Race—Seawced.The Gift.Pan, fdnlia, Bouge-et-Noir. M.U.C, Hurdle Bace—Little Jack, ranee, Whisperer, Yellow Hammer. Hunt Club Jiarkaway fAPCracken'tj), Chorister. Handicap Flat Bace—Blondin. Handicap Steeplechase—Moonlight. (Sapling Stakes—Query, Lucina filly, Eft*. V.A.T.C Caulfield Cup—Bohe mian Maiden Plate—Koolytc. Toorak Handicap—St. UdiUe, Katie. Steeplechase -Euohre, Native, Sword 