.... THE OLD LIFE IN A NEW WORLD. .! ' -A NOVEL. ' - -v.-By. .GEOBHEHORDIS PORVES,. i ; AirniOBOB "Ealaalo," &c.; ! /.'lurm .XVIH.Janet Proves Herself a , 'Woman of Hee Word. ; "Worthy Mrs. Harrow heard of Janet's abrupt depart uro from Nallangong with tho utmost snrpriso and alarm. If it had been possiblo for her to do so. slio would have started for tho station that night, lato as it was. Sho could uui, ouu mas more was somo connection between Milcs's sudden change of plan and her daughters action. What was "tho incident of an excessively painful nature," that Miles could not more particularly disclose," which bad "mado it necessary" for him to leavo tnein? Ihe poor old lady fidgettcd and frettod All rSlu rt«ncTCW 1>rnme,!I11BntJ lrltu "itbor the night through, distracted by a thousand regrets, doubts and fears. Especially did slio reproach herself with having loft the yonng peoplo too much to themselves. "If I had hut given it a moment's consideration," she thought bitterly, " I should bnve seen the danger." Tho joiirnoy down seemed interminable. Sho had never kuowu- it so tedious. Yet Dick Adams swears to this duy that "it was the fastest liino oyer made on the road." It was a cold morning but the old lady sat on file box seat. "I could not stay inside, Dick," sho said, " I must havo the air in my faco to keep mo up at all." So tiio kiud hearted coachman helped her up, nud made her as snug as ho could. "I wonder what the dooco is up," ho said to himself; but though a great rough fellow, ho hud delicacy ouougli not to ask any questions. Prom timo to time he stole a look at tho old lady's wan, worn face, and on each occasion ho used his whip more freely than ho was wont. At Baker's forge tho burly smith came out to havo his fow minutes' custoninry chat, and was sur prised when Dick merely nodded nnd turned down to tho Memmcring homestead at a hand gallop.. " That was tho missis on the box surc-ly,' muttered the blacksmith, as ho watched the coach disappear in the distance. "I must send one o' the bid3 doon to th' station to sec if soomct's oop. " The meeting between tho mother and daugh ter was necessarily a painful ouo. Janet fell oil lior mother's neck and sobbed as if her heart would break. Mrs. Garrow, with a "mother's instinct, asked no questions. She knew that after a whilo an explanation would he forth coming without tho usking. Sho took Janet in her arms as if. she were a child agaiu, rocked her to and fro, and smoothed the hair hack from her burning brow. It was then, lcauing on her mother's loviug breast, that Janet told tho story of hor love. She made no reproaches, indeed at first she would not admit the cause of the rupturo between her lover and herself,' hut at last, as somo reason had to be assigned, sho confessed that "in somo sort of way" ho was engaged to another woman. When Mrs. Garrow condemned Miles's couduct in terms" of not unnatural severity, the unhappy girl protested that ho was the dearest, tho best of men. ' If he had been all her mother said, sho would havo screened him all tho same. But a feeling of shame prevented her mentioning her engagement to fark. Sho had made up her mind beforehand that, as it had to bo told, it were better told at once. - But the words died on her lips. Thero is nothing which gives so much relief at a time of great mental distress as confiding one's grief to sympathetic cars. Janet felt better ablo to bear her let when another shared her grief. But as tho days rolled on sho felt the secret of her engagement to Mark weighing her down again. How sho wished that she had told her mother at.the same time that she had confided to her what had passed with Miles. "But what would sho havo thought of mo ?" cried tho distracted girl. " If I lot a short time pass she will think that it is quito a frosh engagement." Thus ten days passed, and her mother had not yet been told. Mark did not como near the place during this time, and Janet was deeply grateful to him for liis consideration. But Mark know that he would not advance matters by thrusting him self oh her whilst her gri'of was so fresh, and ho thereby got credit for a delicacy, which he had. never felt. He kept away that it might bonefit himBolf ; he never considered Janet in the matter at all. Besides he thought that Janet might mako requests that would place him in an ungracious position to refuse. He had undoubtedly snatched a promiso from the girl, when she was hardly ablo to realise what sho was doing. He had forced her to swear an oath, which, at tho time, sha certainly con sidered could novor ho enforced. Mark know the healing properties of time, and recognised that his suit would loose nothing by remaining for a week or two in abeyanco. ; Even when ho saw her ho acted with the greatest lorbcuranco. Janet had dreaded meet ing him, thinking he would urge his claims im mediately. Tho first fow times ho met licr ho bebavod in such a delicate way that tho poor girl felt deeply grateful to him. Ho would only stay on these occasions for a fow minutes, any) nunn than nnnaflMil tll.at-nncA and nnvinna Janet began to pity him. " Poor fellow 1" she would say to Iiersolf. "He knows that I can- mot lovo him, and ho fears that I will ask hint to absolve me from my promiso. Ho thinks I hear him ill-will for opening my eyes. I did too at first.; But now that 1 see how distressed he is. I cannot feel resentment to htm any longer. Ho loved me, and ho know that— that another did not deserve my love. Ho is mere generous than many would bo, and I thank him for it." Ono . evening— it was the night before Ko met Miles in Melbourne— Mark rode over to Mommering.. Janet- was sitting on tho verandah alono, occupied, alas 1 as usual now, with tho saddest thoughts. Mr, nnd Mrs. Garrow and Joo had all driven into tho town ship, aa Mark well know, and Junotwonld bo alone for an hoar. . Ho sat down by her side., His faco was serious and anxious, and ha spoke in a hesitating vpico, which at onco appealed to tho kiud-heartod girl. ' \- janct r no saia, "you win ucnuiwieuge that, however hard I have found it to repress my feolings, I have tried to show some con-, sideration for you. - I. know what bittor griof you arc Buffering, grief that I would havo forfeited my right hand to spare you, griof that you probably lay to my chargo." ; " No,: no !" said Janet in a faint voice. f '. "No ono knows better than I do," -Marl? continued speaking very slowly, and in a low voice; " that to claim tha fulfilment of your oath seems hardly generous, hut— — " .' . v " Holoaso mo, thou, Mark 1" cried Janet pas-j Slbnatoly. " Beleaso mo, and do tho best,-tho kinder, thing you over did in your life. I don't say that it would bo for good, Murk. I seem never to havo kuowu you till now. I like you hotter now than I ever did booro. Who knows that I might not learn to lovo yon. But just now it — it is so soon, Mark, ltolcaso me, Mark, relcaso mot" "Janol" answered Mark, speaking quickly and as earnestly as the girl herself. " Can yon expect it ? Alter seeing tho prizo I so covotcd in tho hands of another can I relinquish it when it is mine onco more. I feel it is not generous By refusing I may mako you hato mo. But 1 cannot, Janet, I cannot 1 He bent his head on his hands. Ho had worked himself up to such a pitch that ho . actually Iclt what he said. "But how can you wish to mary me, Murk," she sobbed, " knowing that hut the other day I loved another." An angry cloud passed over Mark's face. "If 1 thought thnt you loved him now," ho exclaimed (" God help me, I do !" Jnuet sobbed to herself), " If I thought you would lovo him oven when you were riiy wife, I would uot give you up.. Yrou said just now that you mighi perhaps learn to lovo mo. Janet I will curu yoiir lovo. When you find mo loving, patient anil mieoniplaining youwill tmk youraolf if some thing more is not duo to mo than were toler ance." ; , And so they went' on, llie'one pleading for lovo tho other for freedom until tiio souud of whcols in tho distanco told them thut they had only a short timo more alone. Murk iind gradually urged his caso witli grealcr warmth. Janet's resistance wa3 getting more and more feeble. "Janet, dear Janet I" ho said at last, "Before 1 go confirm your promise. Say ouce more thnt you will ho my wifo." Janet's face was very pale as she looked in to his anxious eyes. " I will, Mark!" she said in a firm voice " And may God help me to bea good one." Tho news of tho engagement was received at all bauds with considerable surprise, with satis faction by none. Mrs. Garrow at.' first could hardly believe her cars, though hut a short time previously she had looked upon such u Ihiug ns quito possiblo, and had even viewed the match as a desirable ono. Mr. Garrow never interfered in such matters. " 1 don't quite like the man," ho said to his wife, " but after all it's Jaunt's business. Mark is very well off, an 11 give his wifo a comfortable home" Undo Hob was utterly upset by tho announcement, and would have taken to drink over it, if there had been any drink available. Ho hated Mark, and had never been at any paius to conceal his dislike. But the person who folt it most was Joe. " To think of licr marrying that fellow," he said to himself with indignation, " a niitu that no ono lms a good word for. But she shan't if I can prevent it." The first time that ho caught Janet alouo ho gaTo her tho benefit of his opiuiou. "Well, Janet!" lie said indignantly, "I norcr thought that you would do anything of this sort." Janet looked up from her work, but her eyes fell again immediately. Her face was paler than of old, and her lip trembled. She knew what was coming. "What, Joo, dear?" sho asked in a low voice, i "Oh, you know well enough 1" exclaimed tho headstrong boy, who had no idea of leading np to any subject, but always went straight to tho point. ".Engaging yourself to Mark Crowtber. You know what I think of him, but of course what' J think is of no consequence to yon. Thoro isn't a soul who'd stick up for him in the whole place; I'm blessed if there is. Why he is " : Janet caught hold of his arm, but tha lad flung liimself roughly away. "Don't say what you think ho is, Joo," cried the girl, with tears in her eyes. " Remember he is to bo my husband. " " We will see about that!" cried the angry boy. "You broke off with Miles — you were engaged to him, Janot — why shouldn't you break off with Mark ?" " Oh, stop, Joe, stop I Ican'tlistento you I" exclaimed Janet, piteously. " But I say you shall, Janot !" Joe cried, more headstrong than ever, " To think of your giving up Miles for hiini Why, Miles was worth fifty million billion " " Stop, stop 1" interjected Janet, with a passionate cry of grief. \- " He was, though," proceeded the irrepres sible Joe. "1 don't know why you scut Miles off, but whatever he did he was worth a paddock full of this fellow." " You cruel; eraol boy," sobbed Janet. " Oh, yes, that's right. Call mo a boy, nnd say I know nothing about it. All I toll you is," said tho lad angrily, as ho walked away, "that if you marry him you wont see any thing more of us. You are a nasty little flirt, that's what yon are 1" The news was received at Eiandrong with no more favor. Bat it caused intense surprise. Tho keen eyes of the wideawake Martha and Emily had long before taken in tha position of Miles and Janet, and when the former left in such an abruDt war thev had riehtlv concluded that the engagement had been broken off. And here before thoy had timo to tako breath a fresh engagement was announced 1 They had always viowed the possibility of such a thing with the greatest abhorrence, hut it was now ten times as liatoiul to them. " I wonder that Mark had no more pride I" said Miss Martha. And more good taste 1" added Miss Emily. " I certainly think ho might havo waited a little while and not given everyone a chance of sneering at him," snapped out Miss Martha surlily. : Then of course they turned their attention to Janet. . " But what a horrid girl she must bo to ro- engago'herself so soon," snarlod Miss Emily. " Sho did not take very long to forget Mr Bostron." . ' . " Calypso her pouvay ser consolay doodrppar d'.UIyssel" interjected tho faithful Sparrow. "Miss Janet is evidently not a disciple of "It's almost improper," exclaimed Miss Martha. " ' " '"It's positively indecent," cried Miss Emily. '' ' - - ; - i " It certainly is'most extraordinary conduct; mescheres," comincutbd 'thb' more -moderate governess, "bnt do hot. give hp hope; , . What sho has donoonco, sho will do again.!' I . !> -Th6 very' afternoon that the above conversaj tioatook place Janet drove -across. to see them She-had received so little sympathy, nt.ihpmi that sho hoped. to meet with" some from; tin sisters of tho man sho- was to marry. -.Murk, who had gono to Melbourne, had told her that ho would announce their engagement- to his sisters, and ask them to call on hor immediately, But Janet had suggested that sho should call on them instead. Sho wont to Eiandrong pre pared to bo all that was sisterly to them, butall tho kind words sho had in readiness froze on her lips under their cold gaze. Sha went back homo conscious that hor visit was a failure. When sho laid her pretty head on her pillow that night she cried herself to sleep, for all the world seemed against her. When Mark returned from Melbourne, he gave Janet tho ring ho had bought her, placing it himself on hor fiuger. It was a handsome diamond hoop. What pleasnro it's possession would havo given her two months before. Bnt now it seemed a reproach to her, and sho only wore it when Mark was present. Ono day that lie came on her unawares lie noticed its absence. "Where is my ring, Junct ?" lie asked. Janet colored. Slio said that she had forgotten it., "Besides," sho added, "it ii rather large for me. I'm afraid of losing it" Mark looked at her baud. 11 1 don't think your hand is quite as pluinp as it was," ho said. Janet hont over her work. Sho thought of another ring that another baud had placed on her finger. Ouly a trumpery silver ouo that Miles himself had fashioned but of a shiliiu" when a boy, hut Janet hud prized it as if it were of inestimable value. Had prized it? Alas I Sho prized it yet 1 It was the only thing sho had that lie had givcu hor, and many were the tears that she still shed over that relic of happy happy days. "That brother of yours is a most extra- ordiuay fellow," Mark proceeded, "Hero have we been engaged a month, and ho has never congratulated me, or recognised my position in the slightest." Janet leant over her work more intently than ever. "Now.I know lliat ho never liked me, but (lie least lie could do, for your sake, Janet," protesied Murk, "would bo to shake inc.by the hand nud say he wished us good luck, or something of tho sort." Janet tried to speak. " I — I — I don't b — believe " she be gan. "Now I'll tell you what, Janet," exclaimed Mark, " I think you should speak io liim about it, and point out that hie conduct makes our positiou very unpleasant. You might ask him, merely for the sake of appearances, to you know what I mean, Juuet." Janet premised him thut she would fry to put matters on a pleasantcr footing. She did not tell him how often sho had already at tempted to do so, nor oi tho rebuffs she had met willi from tho indignant lad, nor of the pain that slio herself folt at Joe's unfriendly attitude. But she kept her promiso, and made one more attempt. Sho appealed to Joe to mako some slight advance for her sake. She told him that Mark wished so strongly to be friends with him. She pointed out to him that ii he persisted iu refusing to recognise Mark's position it would iufuliibty end by- separating them. "Joo, dear Joe," sho sobbed. "We have always been such friends. (Do you remember, Joe, you used always to call me your littlo chum ?) Dothisformo, Joo ! I — am so uu- happy 1" There had never as yet been a timo when Janet's tears would not have won an easy vic tory, bnt Joe's hatred of Mark had steeled bis heart oven against tho sorrow of her whom he so dearly loved. His brow contracted, and uu angry flush lit up his boyish face. " If you are unhappy," he said almost bru tally, "you have yourself to thank. I shall be civil to the man, bat, mark mo, if you marry him I will nover put my foot iusido your door." When Mark asked Janet tho result of her in terview she gave him to understand in a few halting, hesitating phrases, that it had not re sulted quite as she would have wishod. Sho could not tell him the exact truth, but Mark guessed it easily enough. Ho ncvor proved his capacity as au actor more than on this occasion. When a perfect frenzy of rago was consuming him, ho appeared to he overcome with grief alone. Ho felt Joe's unkindness (so he said), for her sake. "It makes me miserablo," ho added sadly, as ho left her, "to think that my love should surround you with so much unpleasantness." " Poor follow," sighed Janet, as she watched his retreating figure. "Wus there ever love so unrequited ? I feel that ho deserves my love, but I cannot give it. I bring him nothing but unhappiness, yet he nover complains. He might justly reproach me my coldness, justly complaiu of Joe's heartloss resentment. Yet, poor fellow, he bears it all without a word." But did ho tako matters so philosophically ? Not ho i When ho was alone the rage which was smouldering in his soul broke into a flame. "Ifl over get tho whip hand of that infernal bay," he said, with a look on his face that dis torted his features, "ho had better look to himself. I'd like to wring his neck, the voune cub." " Nor, to'tell the truth, did Janet s bobaviour givo him much more satisfaction than her srotbor's. Her sad looks and weary smile, hor pale cheeks and worn features, told Mark as much as if Jauot had opened her heart to him. " Sho loves him -still, ho cried, biting his fingers with rage. " Sho will marry mo, for sho would keep her oath if she should die for it, but she loves that fellow still !" Each visit increased his torture, and if tho engagement had been a long one, who knows that oven his strong will would have been able to last it out. His sin had found him out. Janet would bo his wifo ; herlove could noverbo his. Thus three months passed away. Tho day arrived which was to finally crown Mark's schemes with succoss. _ Janot roso early and hastily dressed herself. Going to her desk she took thorefroni tho ring which Miles had given her, and ran down to the hridgo overlooking tho water holes. Sho gave ono last look at her treasure, pressed it to her lips, and then flnug it with all her poor strength into the water. "Oh, Miles, Miles!" 6he sobbed, ns she covered hor faco with hor bauds. " If youlind only nskcdiiny, forgiveness with your own lips, who knows.bnt: I; might — -." V ; : rV i She-did ;not;dnro finish the 6entonco. Hns.tily rrtraoiRg her. Wops, -she- threw horselt 'on-hor knees at.the bedside, hand, prayed the God of , the friendless. to hclp-Uor through that;day. ,i ! . » . - - ! I : -Hong afterwards, Dick' /Adains, discussing the '.weddiiigY told:'the' box seat;- whq! was no other than young 'Morton, what ho thought of 'tho;whoie affair. ' A': : 'i-' - ' ' !'" There weren't nolhiu' to find fault with in the weather, sir, for the sun shono his brightest, an' they spy as it's a. happy brido as the suu shines on, sir. But no sunshine as ovbr I see 'ud ha' holpcd Miss Janet that day; I used to call her tho Rose o' Memmcring, but that day she was mora on a lily than a roso. - In her white gown nn' with hor white fnco she looked for all tho world like a ghost. Thcro weren't no tears in her oyes, sir, for her ,oycs inn t. tho sort as sheds 'cm, but there was u look in lior face which said as plain as plain' that her km gentle heart was a bleeding tor death;- " Young Joo Garrow wos uotproseut,- I be lieve," interjected Morton. , >. ' " No, sir 1" replied Dick. " Thoy give r" us lie was culled away on .business to Queeus- land about u week afore, which utweeu you and me, sir, I thinks was all tily oye. It's mighty queer business, I'm a-thiukin', which ud lia took Mr, JooVuvay from his sister's wed- , if summit hatlna bin' wrong. Ho hated Mark Crowthcr, us weil ho might indeed. Mis! Sparror and the Misses Crowthersos was thero rigged out fit to kill at 40 yawls, an' Missis Garrow ad a bran new dres3 from the old country they said. But no fiuo cloths 'ud ha' brought a smile to her face, poor mother. D'yo know Uncle Hob ?" asked Dick. Mortuu nodded an assent. t " He was there, nu' a nice spoctaclo 'oraado o' himself. He stood near the haltar, sir, an sniffed an' sniffed, never n-usin' of his hunk'ehif, an' thero 'e stood long arter they'd retired to tho wcstiy, where there was a bit o' writin' to bo done. _ Ayoi An' thero 'c'd ha' stood to this day, it's my opinion, if my missis, who's as strong as a hosso, tho' 'er heart's as soft as butter, adn't a caught hold of his arm an' walked 'ini orf to our place. When she'd cleaned im up a bit slio sent 'im orf homo, an' sho says as 'is white weskitwas that damp with tho tears as 'e'd shed, as it might jest ha conic out o the tub." 