TRAINING NOTES. CAULFIELD, Tiesdat. The morning broke fine, and the ranger opening the outer portion of the running track, there was a lot of serviceable exercise performed. The track wis in capital condition, as were the sand and tan, and the principal work was got through before a drizzling rain commenoed to fail. Mr. Connolly opened the proceedings, and be worked his team on the ins'de going, lady Ash ton, looking well, bowled along at a strong half pace over a couple of miles, Bonnie Lad following suit, also Topsail. Carnarvon, Louise Berts, and others of the team were all treated to some sharp pane exercise over six and seven furlongs. Silver mine, who is looking in good health, worked in com* pany with The Chanter on the turf; after cantering they ran once round the track. Bonnie Doon was also on the turf, and she moved along smartly over six or seven furlongs, going well, Marraion doing strong work on the tan. The two year olds, Lady Lorcil and Glentworth, were treated to medium exercise. Ben Bolt accomplished a useful gallop once round the turf, where Western also strode along in pretty good form for a circle. . Bevenge, Bride groom, and Anarchy were all indulging in some briskish work. The Sussex colt did long preparatory exercise on the sand. - Mia Mia and Dougafetan ran a circle of the turf from half to three-parts pace. The two year olds, Epicurian and The ware, were moving along briskly over - five, furlongs. Mis take, Goodwood, and. litette veto putting in some capital exercise on the tan, where Buzza, Delamla, and Hew'York also worked ; and Hewmaster, accompanied by Gasburner, did good striding work; Cadland joined Footman for a useful circle ol the running track, and First Pop worked with Albanus once round. B. Battvdid nice strong pace work on thi turf with Pocahontas and Vmberio, Hazard and a bay gelding doing good pace exercise on the tan. Grace Darling ran a striding pace-onoe on U19 iaa> URCU VWIIHK fWl ■ mwiug pmwww round tho ground rEmprees followed suit. The Bobinson Crusoe oolt did a bit of sharp exeroiee orer three furlongg; The Ghost, Gadfly, Crane. Hot Iron, Golden Fleece, Lltbologtat, end othen of the leaps were doing mild work. Hatter /ohn. with the two year-old Dargin, mbvod along briskly over- three or four furlong*. Qsmorloe and Day star strode along at a nice paoe bnoe. round the tuff, and Dexter and UeereUhaum did Similar exercise. Cricket, a useful- looking brown gelding, 6 ypb by SUnderer, and his (table companion, Patienoe, a bay filly, S yre, by HamJet, were doing serviceable work a couple of tiuies rpund the tan. The Hewn. Jforan'e horse* cantered. K. Campbell exercteod Blondlu, Agnes, Highland Chief, and Lord Allen. Deng sent Potomac and Cestui for than) exercise on the tan over hall § mile;-they were followed by a chestnut filly and Limy Monde. the pair running or era almilar distance sharply. Darter care Ambassadress somo usclul work ontho same going. 