* 1.tt31fcian lW+ The NIeasuroless Deeps. I- think sometlmes-that-thoesilence itself has a soundless- ghost, , A stillness deopcr than ocean, whero,gather the countless host Of shades that :aro shade's reflections, -of glooms that are shades of.gloom, And echoes of thoughtsinnfathomed iwhich' never in words find room. There are thoughts which move at midnight! too dloep for avision's racsll; There are waves (ldeeoop 'downin silence, too strong for the graspof speech: And a mystic intuition In. ielnito depth of Too far to impressreflections or-shades on-n smortal fano.' . We know in the silent chambers the beats of. a distant heart, We have seen-with an tiinor vision the cur. talns of sllenco part,i And farin the shaded distance have read, as on magic scroll, ": The words no sound could utter, addressed to an earnest soel. There are things so' doer : ad sacred they flee the approach of so' l, There'aro ideas pure ai holy no natural b hedgerows bound " . : And somewhere; weo. adjustad, unseen, an. heardl;intonse, Are the truths which reach us only through a' seventh mysterious sense. We hear not, speak not, fecet not, yet we think, and trust, and know, . While the viewless mystid currents swoop by in their endless flow, While above the ihirrorod crystal there flutter the ghostly wings; And a song too sweet for language Its jubi. lant anthemi brings. The grandest truth of the ages bave enitored the heart like this, The things we can never utter producing the greatest bliss; Mysterious intuitions, swift shades of a shadow-thought, Have flooded the soul with sweetness in miraclo wonders' wrought. We know there are soul vibrations, -a- subtle and glorious bon'd, Uniting the world mnterial with a something so far beyond That it rnches ns in seal waves, too delicate far for touch, That the .brightest words are heavy and burden them overmuch. - So we learn its beanutios wisdom. Its peaceful currents flow Too far for the reach of evil, too high for: the touch of woo, Too deep for our words to fathom, -too soft for the grasp of sound, - In a planoo which God hath guarded. with a silence most profound. Then weloeme the mystic message, the peace beyond all compare, Toesweet to be grasped or measured, found. but by a voiceless prayer; The sign of a higher (presence, a rapture which may not cense Till it reach the great Nirvana and blend into endless peace. A symbol of something coming, revealing. some time to bo, " The ripples of glory lapping the shore of an' endless sea : The secret of life eternal, too grand for the bonds of speech, Conveying a soundless messa o to the wait. ing souls on the bench. So the soul receives its message, by a ro to .we may not trace, - From the deeps where fathomless silence broods ever in endless space; - - Whore the finite may not monsure*with its puny rule and rod Tha truths which the' soulm receivetl direct from the heart of God. J. EDGAR JONhs. 