CRICKET1 CHATTER. Bir FEttx. I heartily congratulate uie execnuve aim members o£ the Carlton Cricket CJab an the success thflt has at tyst attended their long* continued and vieoroas efforts to obtain per mission to use for cricket purposes the Uarl ton football-oval in Prince's-parlc. Carlton; will now have a first-class ground, a ground: in every Bense worthy of such a prosperous jgp'd Improving suburb. The present oddly #baped enclosure baa done good service for 'many years. The wickets prepared^on it^forf tmd^lmyatothUieewitfi' kt the same old ex' cellent condition. But the members feel that the Carlton club is a club which should have something more than good wickets and the present little pavilion. They feel that Carl ton ought to have a ground in keeping with the times—a ground on which improvements could be effected such as would attract numerous members and merit support from influential residents in the Locality. There is no doubt that the Carlton football-oval can be converted into a really excellent I cricket-ground, and thot there is ample space for a roomy pavilion and stand, and for those recreative adjuncts which are found in all our J prominent clubs ; and there is no doubt that, with the united endeavours of the football and cricket club, such results will he achieved I as will astonish those who fancy that Carl-1 tonians have no " en" in them. The oval is pleasantly situated in Prince's-park, and the tall, closely-planted, and well-foliaged trees that Bkirt the path on the western side keep back the dust that sweeps along the Sydney road. All round the aspect is pleasing, and for cricketers who live in Parkville and North Carlton the oval is specially well positioned. And it it be a satisfaction to record thatj the Carl tonians are about to have a new i ground, it is also satisfactory to note that the ] quality of Carlton cricket is not deteriorating. The advent of Midwinter, the old Sandhurst infant, to the ranks of Carlton had a very beneficial effect, as also had the secession of Triuuigk and Sam Morris from Richmond. These three players, with G. Browning, helped materially to place Carlton in the I splendid position it occupied last season, when it went right through the campaign! without sustaining a solitary defeat Sam Morris is now playing with the University, J and his absence is considerably felt by the Carltonians, but for all that the club should have a capital record this season. Mid winter is in fine form, and soisTrinniclr, and the enthusiastic brothers Browning are all there as of old. It. Freeman, formerly of South Melbourne and Richmond, is playing with the Carlton first this season, and he is a good bat and capital field. P. Deeley is a graceful and effective batsman, and Leydin and one or two others are nearly always good for a few. The second eleven has gained some good men, and it is believed that two or three of them will develope into thoroughly capable players. I must not omit to mention that the best thanks of the mem bers are due to Messrs. Laurens, Gardiner, Mills, Dr. Rose, Snider, Moloney, Lowenthal. Leonard, and \V. H. Lewis, for their very valuable services in connexion with the efforts made to secure the ovaL Mr. Molo ney's speech as one of the deputation to the City Council was something to be remem bered. On Monday night the members pre sented their photos, to Mr. Snider, in recog hition of his services to the club. Notwithstanding that Tuesday was Cup Day, there was quite a master of cricketers on the Melbourne ground for the match M.C.C. against All Comers. It was arranged that 14 of M.C.C. should play 20 all comers. Horan captained the latter, and winning the J toss from Walters, the latter and his men had to take the field, where they remained from ' a quarter to 1 till 6 o'clock, with a break of three-quarters of an hour for lunch and a tew minutes for refreshments. The All Comers lost 8 wickets for 202, of which lloran made 116 not out in his best form. Barthold quickly rattled up 03 not out, and A. Tarrant, the North Fitzroy junior, played like a little book for 48. Greenwood 27, llarwood 13, and Hutton 10 were the other doubles. Walters tried no fewer than 12 bowlers, and the only successful one of the lot was Thomas, who secured 5 wickets. For Warwicks against Alberts Arthur Gregory on Saturday carried bis score of 81 not out to 126, when Weaxue bowled him. The Warwick total was 266. Ned Gregory's son, Sid. Gregory, made 73 not ont in fine style for the Oriental C. C. against Carthona on Saturday. The little Sydneyite is only 15 years old, and bowls even better than he bats. A Sydney exchange states that H. H. Mas sie will be absent from Sydney for some time, and will probably be unable to play until late in the season. H. Hiddilston has left the Warwicks and entered the Carlton fold. Though Shaw, Shrewsbury, and Lilly white's team of English cricketers had scarcely time to feel their feet on land before starting their j contest against 15 of South Australia, the; result makes manitest that the fine form our visitors' showed this season in England has not been materially affected by the voyage to Australia. The Englishmen put together the fine- total of 329, to which Shrews bury contributed exactly 100. As might reasonably be expected he was not quite himself at starting, but after set tling down he played in capital trim. Three chances have to be set down against his display, all given early in his innings. ; Barnes (84), Flowers (28 not out), Scotton(27), Gunn (26), Bates (21), shaped well for their respective scores. The fifteen made only 132, and 127 for 8 wickets, and the match thus resulted in a draw. Lyons, 27 and 43, Slight, 24 and 22, Wilkinson, 21 Knill 18, and Giffenl2, were the South Aus tral iau doubles. Lyons took six of the Englishmen for 08, and Barlow secured six of the South Australians in the first innings for 30, and Bates four for 16. In the second innings' Read got three for 12, and Barnes three for 22.. The fielding of the Englishmen was perfect. The attendance was very poor, doubtless owing to the fact that the Fifteen had not the ghost of a show against their formidable opponents. R. Houston was a perfect Hotham hero on Saturday. He played a splendid innings for 164 not out, out of a total of 243 for three wickets, against WiDiamstown. His hitting was superb, and his display faultless. Read (38) also batted well for Hotham. Fiynn, the well-known Kyneton bowler, has been engaged as a ground bowler by the East Melbourne Club. This club, has now three capital ground bowlers.' ' The Sydney University Club met Carlton on Saturday Tjn a matting wicket in tbe Sydney-domain, and the record at call of time was—University, 226 for six wickets. Wood 81, and Barbor 81 not out, played ex cellently. Th^ Carlton fielding was below its usual tor». : . . For Beividere- against Panam&tta;, H. Moses played in fine style for 78, and W. Richardson put together 81 not out by first class cricket:' The Beividere record was.262 for seven wfekets.'' Oieadjrikk JqUiponters are nottbe-Joli monters-of old. 4b thair match, which ter minated on- - Saturday - agkinat. Melbourne, their "fielding and batting were decidedly below fitet-ct&as; fotm, except in two or three instances. It will be remembered that £tel bourne had tost nine wickets for 183 on the first daft and'that bnly 7 runs were added on the-secftiid day, when heavy rain cajseidown and caused,the stamps .to be drawm On Saturday lastAl Shfie and Phillipa.-the hot on Is, batted eo weiUthai the boardehowed 240 when a"8eoaratlon wait °j " " ' "" skaped'capil^lly tor 88,* one. chAnce 'd& JM oji Allee st points Boyl made 15. and nOwldHNa XfJL/" -he «» <juitea young player of an improving type, it is reasonable to infer that ne will by and by become good euough to represent bis colony, especially as be is also m?H-'n?, owler and firaart field- Phillips made bis 31, not out, by rather stiff and jerky piny, but two or three really good wVe credited him, notably a 1 vf?l ^ rl nVa£d cut °? Worrall, which tra y«l d 'ke a shot to the boundary. Of th« Mell?ou/n? fowlers Worrall did best, seven wickets falling to him for 90 runs. Trapp got one for 19, Nunweek one for 32, and Duffy one for 43. Lewis kept wicket admirably, aud Brown deserves special men* tion for the excellent catch which disposed of Shee, The East Melbourne started theii innings about 4 o'clock, and at two minutes to 6 o cJ°ck their innings closed for a total of t , ,apP had been present to go in alter the fall of the ninth wicket, a draw would have been the result As it is, victory rests with M. C.C. by 103 on the first innings, i here is no excuse for the utter breakdown ot the Joliinont batting. The wicket was in admirable condition, and the ball came a/on" as true as possible, except occasionally wben l uillipa managed to get some work on. Worrall was top scorer with 24. His form was first-rate, and he had hard luck in being bowled off his leg. Iloran totted up 21 rapidly, and seemed well set when, in trying a big jut, he was neatly taken in the long field by Lorimerofl DulTy. \V, Brown showed fair form for 21 but he should try to get rid of the fault of sending balls up towards cover which should go right past the bowler. Allee, though he was very ill at ease at starting, managed to gradually settle down, and was not dismissed until two minutes to 6. His contribution also was 21, and it included one or two telling hits. Groube was not quite at his best in making his 17, but the ball that bowled him would have beaten any batsman. It was a beautiful length, and broke back fully 4in. Duffy merits a word ot praise tor his 10 (not out), and Lewis ran iumsell out without scoring. Of the remain ine men the less said the better. The Mel bourne men fielded admirably, Wood, Cohen, and Lempriere being particularly noticeable tor their dash and effectiveness. The only observable defect in the Melbourne fielding was that Koss, behind the sticks, was not in \- 1 hillips, who secured 3 wickets ,I?rJ'>-£?wled very well indeed, and so did DuffjOHro got 2 for 39. Sliee took 1 wicket for 4 runs, and Walters 1 for 15. The Mel bourne play throughout, in all departments ot the game, wicket-keeping excepted, was superior to that of the Jolimonters. If the latter tail so lamentably when Blackham Calmer, bpofforth, M'llwraith, and Bruce are absent from the M.C.C. ranks, what would become of tbem were the services of this famous quintette available? It needs no prophet to point out that the splendid old time torm of our famous blue and white is rapidly waning. With 4 wickets down for 105 it seemetLas' it the buutherners would easily head the Rich mond record of 149 ; but thanks to the very successful efforts of Over, who secured 5 wickets for 9 runs, the remaining South Mel u added only 20 runs, thus giving the Richmond a well-deserved victory by 24. ,e1r,c'ean fowled all his victims, who were sold by the great pace which Over puts on without apparent effort Slight, who had 4 (not out) to his credit on the second day, was run out on Saturday without increasing his score ; and Bowman, after adding 9 to his 4 (not out) of the second day, was sent to the right-about by Over, llosie also bowled well, 3 wickets falling to him for 44. In their second essay Richmond had made 105 for 5 wickets wheft time was called. Beut ley (not out) 2D, Over 20, Turner 16, and Dunn 10 were the doubles, and each played well for his runs. Trott took 3 wickets, Barrett L and Minriiin L On a beautiful wicket on Saturday, on their ?w"r £r®nnd.i the Uni varsity men totted up 177 for 6 wickets, against the Carltonians, who were not represented by their full strength. M. Goldsmith headed the Uni versity list with An artistically compiled 52, and he had bacdTines in being run out when thoroughly well set G. Freeman showed hie usual fine defence and neatness of Btyle in putting his 39 together. Sam Morris played excellently aud vigorously for 23. W. H. Williams was credited with a similar number, and F. Wingrove by free cricket contributed 21 (not out). In the match, E.M.C.C. against M.C.C. second elevens, Cotter's wicket-keeping was splendid. He made scarcely a mistake all through, and was instrumental in securing no fewer than 8 out of the 16 E.M.C.C?. wickets that fell. The contest resulted in favour of Melbourne by 56 runs on the first innings. The totals were—E.M.C.C., 79 aud 76 for 6 wickets; Melbourne, 135, to which Stephen contributed 44, Cotter 30, and Dunne 20, by sound cricket in each case. W Hastings (40, not out) batted well for East Melbourne. Allen took 8 E.M.C/C. wicketa tor 59, and Grace bowled capitally for East Melbourne, 7 wickets falling to hito at a small cost The following extract alluding to the marriage of the' well-known bowler, F. Spofforth, is taken from the London Sports man of 24th September" Owing to an un fortunate misunderstanding as to theappli-. cation of the words ' Spofforth married to-day in a telegram received on Wednes day night, the interesting oeremony whereby the demon * bowler joined the noble army of Benedicts was prematurely announced, the event actually taking place yesterday (Thurs day) afternoon at Breadsall Church, near P,- Jhe bride, as we had stated, was Missi Phillis Marsh Cad man, second daughter o Mr. Joseph Cadman, of The Cedars, Breadsall. None of the bridegroom's fellow cricketers were present, except G. J. Bonnor, who officiated as beet man. The bride, who was attired in a white duchesse satin dressy trimmed with Limerick lace, was attended by her three sisters and a niece, who acted as bridesmaids. They were attired in white silk, and wore plain gold rings bearing the date of the wedding, the gift of the bride groom. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. John IVhitaker, rector of the parish, and thebndewas given away by her father! Alter the wedding breakfast at The Cedftg Mr. and Mrs. Spofforth left Derby for London where they spend afew days prior to sailing in the Onent jmer Orizaba, which lehws n Thursday. Presents ahd good wishes reached the. imppy pair from tar and wide, Lord Hah-ia stoli^a CTSceful remembrance." W- O'llonlon, the weji-Known wi keeper wbilet plajdng iri^ teat^ at Miea lnnes. New SQUth WaIes, had^iis Uandfcaiv ? u fojclf jbihlngi. Btebasa bo? the Earl of Dalkeith from the London -tyor'-s tnan of 23rd September" Scottish cricketers have learned with the deepest feelings of regiet thot the Earl of Dalkeith, one of the most liberal and enthusiastic supporters of the game in Scotland, met with an accident while 6hootiug on Friday last, which termi nated fatally. His lordship was deer-stalking on the estate of his ancle, Cameron of LochieL In running down a steep hill at Auclmaearry, Inveruess- shire, he fell, and his gun exploding the contents lodged in his shoulder, lie succumlred to his injuries an hour and a hali afterwards. The earl was most popular in Scotland, and was well known as an enthusiastic cricketer, while his purse was always open to forward the game in Scotland, ami at his own expense he h is frequently brought teams trom England, lie took an active part in wandering cricket, and last season ileslj appeared for the Iu. C. C. and Ground at Lord's, but only obtained a single." Ou the ITawthorn ground on Saturday a very exciting match took place between Haw thorn and Ballarat. The visitors went first to the wickets, and made 111, to which T. Autcliffe contributed 40, not out, in first class style. Batcman 14, and Bradley 10, ! also shaped well. Bussell took five Ballarat wickets for 40, Hatherley three for 3d, and Crideson two for 22. With seven wickets down Hawthorn wanted only a few runs to win, but the eighth and ninth wickets fell rapidly, the score standing at 110, or one behind Ballarat when the last men | stepped to the crease. As i3 often the case at such an interesting stage the batsmen were over anxious to get the runs required to win, and the result was that without any addition to the 110 the last ruan j was run out, leaving Baliarat victorious by a solitary run. Hatherley 29, Nuttall 20 not out, and Berestord 12, batted well for Haw thorn. Bowes secured 4 wickets for 2G, and Bradley 3 for 39. The Ballarat fellows were entertained at dinner at the Hawthorn Hotel by the local players. Late on Thursday night the Englishmen arrived at Spencer-street station from Ade laide. They were driven to the White Hart Hotel, where they will remain during their stay in Melbourne. All the members of the team look in tine health. 