MYSTERY of MOOR FARM Br HENRY FRITI, AUTHao Or "A Irace .for Life," " Through Flooid through Fire," Ois the Ilngs of the flinc." 1.c., ,.c, CIIAPTEI XII rOrOSIAi AII OtsON'5 LA6ST WOIID, 7at acMdl: "Didyounotspeakl' ' " lfac[?¢h: "t'Wht".tY" . . .-': ?h ' L ady Mrbeh: "Now." ttacbelth : "As I descended P" . . :; * Arsia the adventure in the 'Fairy, Alugustiis Skelton wiuit home to his father's house at Cnnnon" leigh, but more than ever determinod to, win Ellen. Ire could not help respecting her, and notwithstand ing allt his light converstioen, and easy-going, chat S with Annlo Lanyard, there was something about Ellen which precluded him from indulging in such "freo and easy'"' banter with her; and in-conso. queues ho wne.vory anxious to put himself upon an intimhnate footing, if possibleo. Such a position could only be gained by honest and legituimate mcans.. Ellen, although her sur-. rountdings were not of the most, elegant character, and although she bore Ilichards's name and shared his bosel, was so evidently above the usual: social etanding of the good folks of Ioechyombe%, that some of the young ladies of. the neighbourhood had taken an interest in her. Not from mere curiosity? P Ul1', no, of course not. But they emnployed her in little sewing jobs, and then she made lace for them. So Ellen before long became rather,! the fashion." ' Many attempta were made,, and all: failed; to. obtain from her any information respeeting bher birth and parentage.:. She had:quito'.forgotten atill: about them. Sind that cruel buffeting bhy the sea, and theisovero lever thatimmediatelvensued Ellen's' briisi, ias 'gairdedtli's past; uses a'sealed hoole. She could give nolaccount of 'herself previous to the wreck-except. she know she had salled in a grat, ship from the other end of. the World: ; .: '. AugmustusSkelton had made some impresion upon': her. Sho rather. liked him,- but hoe had bheard rumours conicerninghis conduct which did not in anyway prepossess her in his favour. :lie: was, rather mysterious'; and why did he begin to talk of love and esteem so soon ? Amtos, whomn sbo had known.for some months, said not a word ,tol her. about liking or loving. Perlihaps=only she didn''' put it to herself in the s'ame words-l?erhaps he was lko the "jolly. young waterman -- . r. n "For loving or liking hoe little did coro;" and yet, for all his coldnies', that 'ountg "tnmn " Was never in want of a fare" according'to the ballaid- only Ellen might have spelit faitf " ,':.. ' We must'confess that Augustus rather occupled Ellen's thoughts for '.dsay' or two after the adven. tuor we have record6ed in the last chapter." Skelton, on his 'side, sitting alone, as, a rule', in his great house-for he had few friends: at tcanonloiglh thought Very seriouslv of her. :'Disappointed in the matrimonial venture into ,which he had entered at his father's'de?ire;byth To'foiudering of the li FolIrei, in which .he understood his future brido hadi em. harked from Sydney; he was now quite free tofollow his own inclinations. If the old lawyer were onlyr: wellenough he would have a chat with him about the property, but the doctors hadnot yet successfully performed the operation. So matters stood, and summer had come. Many a:timeoAugustua made an excuse to visit Boeehy. combo and see Ellen, and day by day lihe grow more fond of her. Hie noticed with fierce jealousy that shb and Amos often were together, but he counted upln his attractions of piurse and person to turn the seals in his favour.. • Although he was frequently on the point of de. cldaring his now absorbing passion, he did not feel inclined, to, run any risk. -If ho could: only get Amos Lani-ard out of the way I , Why couldn't he marry Anmnie, and have done with it? 1 i was her father's late apprentice-a foundling-bearing his name, 'os Ellen; also a foundling apparently, bore Itichards's name, It would never do that two such unknown and such poor, unclaimed, biodics should thus nmarry when he (Augustus) on the one side, and old Litmyird or. the other, could provide for wife and husband as well as either had any right to expect. -" fow could he gqret rid of Ames ? The thought haunted him. l1e felt sic that Amos only was in the way. ' Had not Annie assured himn that Ellen liked him (Shelton) ? And would she have aeceompa. nied him in his boat had sIte not liked him ? 1Io counted on his manner iand usual suceess with women to conquer her disinclination, if any existed. linut Augustus had to learn t:ht li'gin is a very different thing to li'ing. 3litv girls imay like ti man, but they would none of thionl fancy himtu as a husband. 'lThe more it young weolilal dispLtvs her liking, the less, as It ruile, ashe really cares for the mnm, unless she is, as it were, authorised to ci're for hitm. Augustus forgot this. e Solie continued to Lbsk in Eillen's tmiles, awl to return Ameo's scowls andl frownsi . The tiisherman feared to provoke at quarrel on Ellen's ccuint ; aindl thus thingswent on. Animos t.st ,c retmoetd,liut hotw ? If Skelton could only' gct rid o.f hint ! 1 did not fiar Atmosas aI rival if lhe could onlt assure hiniself that Ellen cared for him ; but snoLut iow r olther the girl always seeied to appeal t1i Mrs. liiltrdts andl to defer to Amos's wishes on1 cesitons ii a itnmaner which induced Augusitus to believe that sumoe audr ttanding existed between otlr thei and i.son. But hid was quito mistaken -Anmos had never told his love; neither had hlie let the worm conct ealment lprey upon his cheek. lie, on his ptirt, was ohldintg lek in nmodest sense of hist unwerthiniss. Ellen wtondered why, if he liked her. he toade ti, sign uand Skelton alterately famed, and mtade love' to his divinity. Ono thing was settled-Anw, Neat ,t. An ally was found at last. This friend in need ivias Atnihe il-t yard, tid Skeltto firmcd a plan to inudce the girlto help him in his ?echetmesa, : iIo bribol her by the most, powerful iducementt le could have used; for he wa; quiek-siglited enough to see how the hlandlay. 1 bribed her with lumarrtiago with Amtos, the tman hie loved in ,.ecret. Augustus S iitton had sti ci t ieu key-note, and the girl's heart vibrated to the touch, atl with no uncer tain sound. "You love himt, then " said A ugstus. "Tell the truth, Anntie, and I will htlp you. You shall cmarry him there's nothing to be ashamed of in your puro and honest at[tbitnteit to the young man," ' Oh, i've somethnes thoughit I'm very wicked to thitk tibouit hitu sic. (oaI kn1ws I'm not all I inight bo ; but I'm n.t a wittked gtrl, acd with him I'm sure I shluld bo lippy. Ie titnot h1lp it., .ir. Don't think tad of till,; but I hace loved him long," "Think ' ,adly of yau, Annie ; why of courso not. I've guessicd your ecret is you giteceld tuite. It in sI litv that foutr Ilelplo thclcld lie nitinl|ilcip' 'heciise tbeco'itnnot speak their mitls. So you hatt 1elter do as I tell coii." i. , Bit what am I it, do ? I cas't go to him and tell him all about it." 'c N; hut he can tell yoa all about it. Leave it to me. All I astk is pcrmi'sio n to its cour name if neces. tarty. Youuwill want somtllthintg to sattip hlocisekee]iitg, too, some day. I'll titte eare of th't, Annie. Now, 'cr5 tmu.it not bi ieen ehattins,'. I'll come into ,hecliyctltbu ol "Vt-Wtdncslay, untl you can tieet tlen here on this spot..-or, better .till, lt the Old Castle." .' The gitl agreted, atnd they larhtd. i Sheltictad t mit l up his mind to a bold atroke. lie wohlt spread l net for Amtti from which he would tfiu it ditlienlt to escape. Good nltured enough when ntin thwciettd, Augtustus was a tterly imiserolilous when he withedi to gala hi ends, pitlicularly when le fell. retty sure of not teing found out. lie w'ac ci bol gitbler, and now Ito was ]flaying for a very high stalke. .is tialsion for theglirl had comltleetely miasti red htt. lh brooded upon il, and nothingto hIs lirci c nd until ined mind seenmd diftleult as long us the rewitrd was Ehllen, )ireected to a hetter lirpoe, this determination might have made a "'mn" of himt-a nseful memeber of society. As it, was, he was only an animal. " When he left Annie on the hill-side ho rmde his wiy acro.s the cloc'n in the dis'ct-etion of the 1uoor Fasm. Sineohis father's disacppcaranct e hitd only twice entered it. iae could not tiar the litre. (in the hill above the ruined luots Castle, and itot far from the rlvulet-ttihe Linel, whitc flowced throuiigi i. po itily-wooded ravino towards the ?a?a-wcrce facs cottsges. In one of iheso lived ocl ar;ltti; the Jawyer occupiled another, and 5ou1o well-to-do fither folk the rest. August its stopped before tic lawyer's house to inquire how he did. Josith lhtrtisn wta very ill. Tlhe irmlaunnng, had bocn 1prformed, hut the brain hai1 tict y'e. tutun fullty rehot ud from the pressite. 'lherocici n itill 'iimi fctgs?innt 1,o.int g cn the imti, sued, iclttiti l i-h o h oitit h wh i ,ct'l li Ieit'er,hlwt c] i V I ii ret, itu iabls to ileti ihttelligitbly, itd wiics very, vlrY" wt':k. SThtere was nonwthinlg on hin mind e\'identlh. JIn wcish d to disbutlen himtself of sote seoret, but cetild not. There ht lay., tnxiout. .tcrinti, ittoc'able. waiting for the light to come, and in deadly fear of dying ere he could unlock the mystery, of which apparently he held the key in his helpless hand. ie recognised Augstus Skelton, and tried to speak. The effort was terrible-he must have en dured agonies of mental torture in that moment. lie made a sound, but Skelton could distinguish nothing. Old ifartha was nursing him; she rosoe and cour tesaoyod as the young man entered. "linen you the keys of the ul?tairs roome, Martha I"' asked Augustus. "I want to go over to the farm. I should like the front door-khey as well ase the back. I want to look in there to-night." Martha raose, and saying she would soon btoe back, huriaed to her cottageo close by, and returned with Lto required bunch of Jeys. "Seen any ghosts lately '" asked Augustus in a bantering tone. "Any of the rILrtr-un family for instance i" "Ath, ir, you may jeer and have your jokes, but itsnolaughint' matter. That llartaum was there, ghostor no ghost. Remember the old -ayin' ." " You don't expect me to believe that there wits a real person there V You don't mehn to say that Flraneis ltrtr..nt returned to England " All this lime old II:arTison was in a treendones state of excitement. lie ,ens dreadfully ugitated. Itofoanmed at the mouth cnd moved one arm-his left-for the contusion wase upon the ltft ilde of the skhll, and the Olpposite side, ?as is uuoollo the case, was paalyo?ed. lie evldently wanted to l.tpak, lot neither August usnor Martiha noticed him jusit thin. "Imeans to may, sir, as 'hi r-. Il:rl Io':1:n e' -we--wht( her in his tlesh or nlot, I tcan't t-ay. But hit ale o here that evening, end 1 saw hitn ta; plain tos JI ,e you. Who couldit have been, clh, cir? Wlho could it bo but---" t?sescis lBastst-el, no"'r 1ItL1. t: r!" What was that! Who Vpoke F" SAugustus and the old woman stoared at each other in dismay. Some one had yelh d out tha wotls in an unearthly cry-a cry of terror and of mortal fear! Who was it? They turned with simultaneous impulso to the bed.'. Old Josiah was sitting up,wildly staring about him. His eves were fxted again rigidly, as if ho sawe a vision. 'Iho appearance of the old man was awful. Even Skelton was for the moment moved, and Martha recoiled in haste. Could Ahe have spoken I Could that wild, despairing cry, that ag enlsing appeal, have comeo from those motionless lips ? Impossible ! The others approached the bed. The old man wns mIrmuring behind his locked teeth and rigid jaws. Then he was quietly lead down again, and reomaiced intent with never-winking eyes and glassy atare-a horror in the house!1 Augustus turned to go. Old Martha followed him out into the passago to the door. "Youmust get some one, please, to mind him, now; that's the second time I've heard that spirit's voice,.and I wouldn't remain here another night for a king's ransum. There's a blight upon the plco." "Nonsense, thore's no spirit in thet case ato all! TVhy,,. Martha, you are easily frightened; old Josiah couldn't have called out, I suppose. But ho utight CI Come back a moment. Let uts seo how he is; perhaps he can speak and won't." They roturned to the sick Ian's chamber, and want up to the bed. The eyes were open, but the jaw load fallen; the muscles had resumed their wonted elasticity for a moment only. He oras dead ! CHAPTER XIII. BEARCHIGI OR o TIlES CLUB. 'Whbas'thbo matter P Hlave we doviltslhbereoP'" -Tempeut. `DnAD! Josiah Harrison gone to his last account without imnparting to anyone the dired secret press. ing on his soul. bSke(lton could scarcely credit tho" fact that the old man was dead, and a terrified ex prossion took the place of the somewhat cynical look his face habitually wore. "This is dreadful, Martha, Poor Josiah! 1Ye must give notice of his death. Do you-do you think that weas his voice we heard P " Augustus was very anxious for the answer. Old Martha was silent for several seconds. She was occupying herself sbout the bed, and when sie had done all that at the present could be done, and closed the eyes, so widely staring, she tidied up the room. Then, beckoning to Augustus, but without a word, she followed him into the passage. "Master 'Gustus," she said, "I'm an old woman, and served your father well." "Yes, Martha, I know hlie valued you highly,'and if there is anything that I can do--" "No, no, sir, it nin't, money so much,',though a triflo's never thrown away. Still l've secn things in my time. I've been 'tending to your father's house on and off for many ait month, and that night----" "You mean the night my father was-diseap peared ' w.ked Sheltou, correcting himself. " Yes, sir, that night peoor Mr. larrison-he was with him. Since thast night hlie hais been dunnb. lie was the last pierson as see your father. I1e knew tho r ightsl of his death, if io be he be dead." "If he be dead! Why do you think there is ait doubt of it?" xc laiited Augustus. "lB it possiblo that lie is concealed sanywhere, or has left the country ?" he asked s they camno out of the cottage, and stood in the little gar'iun. "I si'ays nsothin'-I can't, not kIuowin'. uist tint it, curieus and strange, ilaster 'Uhtsus, that siico that day no uiln has set eyes eon your fiather, nor ino osne seen that udark isrtr;insi main Ain't it curious like, that J.,siath-poor soul!-wsas' ?u:sed i'at eight after your father were mLet by the gipsy, Naomi IBryce?" It coteitailyis curious; but Naomi eotn have nothing to do wilt the l mystery of thla disappearanct and Eeizure of old Osisah asni msy fatiher. No, Mhurthal you tare wronrg tabout Naomi llryce."' " Maybe I auli---maslvbo I ain't. ,She imad the s/dsark man irisdidpoor J'seil th(a/ 1/y/ t ; little Jack Norton esaw them togetllhr. ie told me lhe wais frightened; sand I heard the bell toll onO, ! -ionly once 1 told the gintlehmn in court all I s;w and heard, usnd they couhilu'L do anythiig. Didn't yo hearu the ghost's cry ? Well, that ausbt hi' been loor Joasiah's ilust words." " What do you mentn, [Martha t'' " i meain tlhu, hisseues camse jutst before hlie died, and hlie sho/ted outf the nuame hs last spoke beforeI his beri' toofel. palsly/sedl. I'ms no scholard, but I1 remember my father tellin' me that on board a ship where hi were inl hattle, as oflieer of the ship aisi giviin' his ordlerslwhcu there comioabullet sndkrocked hint oni the head-insensible-a'most dead----" " I don't quite seco how this affects the c'ase," said Selteion, interesled nevertheless. " WVell, sir, you will when you let me finish. This oflic?er, hie 'wisi, as I said, givin' his orders when hlie was hit, so my father said; and hlie lay for seversal days insensible and dumb. All of a sudden, safter he was operated on, he looked pll and said, , Now, my men, slow round iItt ls '1 ge,' aind lie swore it them, too, be dill. le began, si, .ijust ait the rcrypllace he'd been sopprld girit' ordrs by that shot on his head. so with poor old llarrison. That's nimy idea. Neow, Sil." Augustus Skelton was silent. This was a view of the case, nd supported by actual experience, which lhad not occurred to hih. Every search had boen made, an inquiry held, an open verdict had been returned, and yet. no clue had been found to the murderer. Old Josiah, the only person who could have given siny informnution, ihad been snunoned so sad ldenly to his account. Augustus was ill at case, and looked scared. "We must havo an inquiry," hlie said. "I amnt very thanklful hie didn't die when you wero awa.y, IMartlhn. 'We were in the room together, that's one comfort." " Yes, Mas1ter 'fGustus," she said, slowly. " It ewouldn't i' done for anyone to whisper as !ou or ume h1d any hand in it. Thero's enough said a'ready." "Enoughl said alreadv! Whlat do you mean, woman ? Said about whit? " cried Augustuis, t urn ilg deadly pslo-so pale that, oven in the uncertain glimmer of tlhe dying day, the old nurso remarked it. "Notlin', nothiu', Master'Gustus. I've served you and your fam'ly many's the ;year, and never uindi' ; nrot but that your poor father was kind tc .i-alwsays. hlut ye know it is curious, and a peoplet will hint at things they'vo no business to---' bS"hoy can'it roy anything about me," exclaimed Augustls, recovering a little. "They nover hinted r.t :sc did they, Martha ?I" ''Well, I'd rathtier not say iall I hear. But there's sonio its thinks you know more than you chooses to say, sir-that's aill." SWhat nonense !" he oxclinmiid. "Well, let them t'itk. 1'll go urip and see the vicar and confer twilh him." "Y'ie; sir, and I'll go aind get soumo one to help and !,'It things slraight. W"e cans't leave the poor cl:rpso alone, and Iotsy (the servant) has left to go Conse. lhlar, deal', it's ai sudden thing !" "It's the vengesnco of artrasin," whispored a hloarseo votaes close hy. " l'iwasro the ioxLt stroko !" Augunine and Martha 1othi started, nnd in terror gazed tit easch other. Skelton turned to the gate, and pe?1e'd into the gsathering darkness. Martha did not move. Skolton lshan walked round the cottage, and probed into every ehrub and buhh. ]inothingresulted from hie search. "Thero'n some foul play here," he raid. "IBut wo needn't he afraid of ehtdow,. Do yol go home, or get a5sietance. I'll tee the vicer, and ',:?.alt with the doctor. ''They won't wvant any inq,-t." Old Martha and blulton watlle:.d i ,owI ri to the garden gate, and into the high re:.l t':,'cthe?r. The old woman, chaking het r head mourn:fully, r. .trnet to her cottage, and thien went to it nighLuur'e, wthile At?itae pra-ocecded to the Vicarage, :ome mnile and a hndf awvy. As the pair poritedl, a figuro rose fromnt a spot wahero it had be.n hiding below tho palings in deep shadow, and followed Augustut Skelton a little wayalong the lonely arnd teep track over he downt, and then turned away in the direction of theo Moor IFarm. :t was Naomi Bryce! CHIAPTER XIV. A iROPOSAL-A AlteST. "Sheo works by charms, by spells, by tbefIIt . M--arry I1ine of ll'iudear. NAo.t Bvern did not long foslowAiugustus Skelton. Slh, lhad heard and seen enough that revening, und, tIn sides, she had an appeintmnent, where sh was ou??e no one would interrupt her-at the farm. Since she had been discharoged from gol, n oN ui hbal tramped towards Bootehyeombend had now for fur days boon cohcoledr.in the oustlpidiugs at~ " the Moor." Noeping close by day he set hert-elf to prowl about, and probe by night into tht almost impionetrable mystery that surroundeid thu fati of John Skelton and lis unikmown visitor--naknown 1that is to the majority of the inhabitants of IDceh-y. com bo. .. .: .:...:. . ..',,;,_ . :::.l. ,. Slhat afternoon thu gas Ihad girti vtttsr hId a penny, one of the few:she posesaed,.to delirtr a scrawl to Amos Lanyard. on the' bth b She had watched the boy deliver the serpof piper, and w'is stisfiel that Amos would keep the appointment. She had her reasons for thus aeletling Amos from all the other fishermen, and meaintioe rhte had not been idle. Sho had overrheard?iio conrvrsation between Annie and Augistus Skelton. She wished to put Amos on his gnard. Many a otno had Naomi Bryce hbeen seen to chat with Amos, and itbhadibeen, often remarked that the gipsyi " took 'a great interest" in the yonng man.• By nuiny she was considered "cracked," as they said. Sho accordingly returned to the 'qfor Farm, where she wias sure of being undioltrbedr ; for, such was the terror inspiridlby tho suippsoel xlstiencc o thei "ghost" that no one willingly eassed near the farm after dark. Naomi had not been long waiting, when- Ainos arrived at the.sMoor, and found her at the farmo-yardl gaite. "l list!" asho said in a.lowvoico ; , iistil Come this way.": Amos sufferod'himsaelf to be conducted in senmi darkness thriiough the yird aid into a long-disused cow-shed, the door of which Naomi carefully closed. "Now," she said, "I supposo you are wondering why NaominBiyeo sent for you, Amos Lanyard'?" "Certainly, I aria,' returned Amos, who was not withouit his share of awe in the presence of the niiyterious gipsy-woman who had foretold the downfadl of the Sknlton's house. ".i an., mother; that's the truth." " You will be made or mnrr'd, Amos Lanyard, according or not as you take my advice. The stars are now in your favour. 1)o you Fee yonder planets ?" A portion of the heavens, brilliantly lighted by a rising moon and many stare, was visible through the opening in the old wall. "Yes; I see the mioon and two hig stare," he replied. "`They are close to the moon." " Those are your lucky stare," she added; "and theov are rising. lio advised by mue. You can, by a bold stroke, win and wear your bonnie hride, who is threatened by your rival." " iBy my riveal ? Iy Augustus Skelton, do you mean " execlaimed Amos. "lie is the only man likely to come between me and my love." " You are right. It is Shelton. ile intends to lure her from you, antd ito carry her away trou you. Bo on your guard." Amos was silent for a tmoment, and then he said: "Supposing this to be true, what interest has my success for you ? Who ire you, or who am I, that ,you ihould interest youraeelf for me so greatly ?" " You will know all in time. I lat' the Skelton brood, and would see thems swept away. I (eu'till seo even now their star ditcending-sce, it falls. Look, loot !" At that moment a bright star l dated athwaret the eky, having a long streak of silvery tight behind it, and, turning red, it broke, and distappeared. Amos felt rather nervous in the presence of this strange woman, who could sead the situs and the risoand fedl of faminlies-the life and death of his rival. " W IIl," hoe scaid, after a pause, "what am I to it F" "1lio cautious fist; bo bravo always. Bl on your guard with tlihoe who love yo em itod, and who will try to atia you for themselves." " On my gur'd-you may depaid I will ha; but against those who love mise mosat Yes, I promiso," Ie added, thinking of ]llen, (whose manner ih. d lately leon kindir) andl the old fishermtan Lanyarud. " Well, have you cour.ge now to try for your own-for your fortune, for your rTnae ?F "What do you mean, mother; you area puzzle to me. I amn willing to do aught that mttn cant de ; but when it contes to Mars and demones, I don't quite like it. Is there deviltry in it F" "1 Tuh ! " oexclaimed Nuomi, impaticntly. "I amn no witch nor enchantress, In the turret yonder or in the lock-up room is your fortiune to be read. Will you try to gain it ? Let m1 look at your hand. Come hero." She drew himt into the full light of the moon, now sailing through the fleecy clouds thait thurried across the deep blue sky. Athos was rother frightened, but shite held his hand, and did not heed his timid protest in the least. "I see hero," lshe said, studying his open p:lm attentively. " I see here at long life, at wife you love, andi wealth tnd property. You will marry her ye0 love it last; hut trouble lies before you, crossed by one who loves you twell, and by one who Inhatesro you too. You will inhabit ai grand house, and- well the rest is dark! " A cloud just then passetdl over the moon, and Naomi let fall his hand. " I cannot tell you more." "hlave you the courage to attempt to gain your fortune ? It lien yonder. Will you try to tind your birthright in the Skelton's houst ?"" " I'm quite olut o' my reckoning," replied Amos, "Am I to break into the haunted g'allery "'' he asked. "launtted ! " repeated the gipay, with contempt. mNoh yIanything that y/t need fear. I [limited lv the tear anti groanrs of orphatnn-b3' the widow's crioa for mercy-by the useiless appeals to it hard heart! Theli gatllors! At. that's what wne waut to s'ee. If the house is lut'nted, it is by the splirits -of the dead who here been tortured in life by the ran who hai s dis appeatred. Vengeance will com--it may have cnmo already." Amos stepped back--half in terror, half in astonish. ment at this outhurst. Iiaomi hid atlways bon mysterious. She had always foretold evil of John Skeolton, but the younig ian htadt necer ceeoon hier so moved before. le waited until she had beeome calmer, and then he ,aid- "?I clan't understalndl yo, mother' (he often addlressed her so), I can't understand ye. Amn I to break into the house like a thief-do you mean tiht F" " Why not '.'horo's ait mystery hidden there, for thi solving of which I am rettdy to t'av arny l0ice. I cll iuon yoi tohelp mei . I comitansid you, Autos Lanyarrd, to do nso. To you alone I can houh for assisttnee. A dlay will roots vhen omo will thank me for thi. Will you do is I dilreet ." " But," etid Amos, hesitating between a fear of tho law, and a eerdin anpernatural influence ho fiteod Nitomi toiesecosid to hurt him, "I can't got il, there is no way; besides--" "'lhero is it wy. Come v-ith me." Stht led him to a winlow opening 1o the garden, and raised only by a step from the gravelled pith.. " I have worked at this and tried it. Yo1 can ente here. I will iteep watth for you. C'omut--quick " " itt why can t poet do this yourself ? Wttt have I to got cut of iF P Supol'eso 1 do enter atd get into the gallery, what atx I to leak for ? It's ito ul t11'y goig?, on a wi'lt 5,oos0 ihemti. Wh'i nm T, or wheire toil to order mo shout F I Jli't going to be a zoblit' for y'otu ] tell ye." " It,', no rolderv. "When T toll you what I waint you will underst, and. Amos Lan)'£rd, ones I haid a 10n ; he wsit---- Ihish I WVhat's that ?" Amos had not tine to repl\', 11e tnrned to look; a hand was lild upon his shouilir. Th' patrol! T.lhel y"sng mnan wast at prb, oner. Uad he hbe.n diet-olt-d F When he ret'ovrierd himself, he noticed that laonmi had disappeured. (T be c; ontinued.) luem'hINtl a negro o thu road, a travsllea aiht: " Yo" iaitt I lost somi of your frienlt, I see!" "Yes, nmssa." "lVas It a lear or distant relathee ?' W Well, putty dtstait-- but twenty mitle,," was ills reply. 