JSSA YS, S''i'LETCHES, 6Vc. n|oI~t|dI tfil ?rllu i la Ill! iiii (~11~~ 1.1? ,ll1 ,[Ihsl? . 'l i~ i11 oi' rsiS r itie 'i'prc o ociin-iy i -hrsnost iesl Ii ut i thu d ,litl i tllu dig iir tiy ?o t lh .noLttl|'cs lallu ut u ,ltreurlY t i lOlll e 11 u t hrlluluu lu ii esslotl or rc.iccitwi.] M:IY MUSTER, By CITZEN SiD. HAv~IsN become so fr Ibucolicised as inot to fear a passive bull or slightly irritated cow, and " knowing my way about" the bush to the extent of a radios of about four miles, I begin almost to suppose myself sulliciently experienced to think of mluing a selection of at least forty acres on my own account ; or perhaps rather oue of those allotments that are so constantly advertised as the " pick of the conutry," which may be had upon such easy terms as would probably enable mo to do somethling for my posterity of two, by ]clving to them the Jand and its instalments due, onl my own deplarture into futurity. But I am off the track of my evcnltfl history jn taking this way. Let no return to the subject. My friend's fenice has been removed to increase the area of his estate, and conse quently the cattle soon discovered tlheC gap between the old and new feaces and travelled througlh it in search of pt.turcs new (Aftcr the rain), and 1 suppose to look rooud the adjacent country. At all events they got out of bounds and led the:ir owner and his assistants more than one pretty dance to find them. As stolen kisses Ilve, itissaid, a delicious sweetness, so doubtless to thei lips of truant cows stolen grass is doubly pleasant. So long therefore as thle un finished line of fenIce bly openl, so long was the ordinary feeding rooum tos small for its occupants. On i.hle eveutful day to, which I am now referring thy had been fruitlessly sought and were suplposed to Ihave rambled "o'er hill and d:le" at their own sweet will, and might conlo home with the milk in the morlini,. It chanced, lhow ever, that as 1 could ride ai quiet lhorse, and knew my way from Broolyn to Rose Vale, and was to maike an excursioll to that place alone-please note tlhait like Coliolanus " alone I did it "--1 wals armned wiith stock whip which I colul not crack, and instruc tions, or rather permission, to mu.stcr and bring home, if I coull, the escaped mob of (three) female bovinecs. To a citizen will ing, this was a glorious clhance for a new "experienee ;" for had I not onice unider taken to drive soeu cattle along the road aided by the faithful ILbly. I toll this elegant " idawg " to " put them alonig," but evidently in termis hIe misunderstood my grammatr beinig too goodl for himI- for he instantly " headed 'enl" and tiurned tlheir iierce-looltitg fices aiinl horns towards me, and they literally pit tme along, as Jlonathan would say, " i considerusle bit." Ily degrees 1 recoveredl conlidencie Itnd colli mand, and eveitually by Lllby's help sent tlhelnm along tking tlheir tails befiro Imo'. For Roso Vale I tlherceforo set out, feeling what " a Nero " ai success would mako toe, at least in my own eyes, while thiere could lie no failure if Ihe cows wer, out of sight. I found my way out of the bush on to the road to the valley of departed roses, quite serenely, and riding gently on, espied in the distance bte h for f ,1 ?a strawblerry cow. 1 hastenedl on to see if' I could discori whethter the bhull for her neckl, from which sliha ld maninged to dislodge tihe clapper, was still attachled to her neck, for theni I slhould be sure of my find. Thlie strap and bell were all right, ias also were Sltrawberry's two companuioas. I theni fiound my way into tle road, and laving tmadelo siuro I was going towards Hose Vale, ihuriried on. But I did not reach that vale, fromi which alas, the rose has disappeared, without an "sxpericnce " tlhat tlored tmeo entlircly. To get ito Charley Mltfeott's paddlockle I had to lower the sliprails. ti atteumpting to resmont my pony she moved off just as I had it loose leg in the air. I heedlessly gransped the top riil to stop her and con sequcntly founld myself on the iback of my maciutosh, with iy' stirrup leather andil irsn it the pit of mIy stomachi. I rose is iligiinliilly aii ciiciinastsiii~Ce would permit., wlhilo Polly winkeicd as if sho tholughlt-but I will not say what I thought sho thought. ;Not very lunch of ion and my mount. No To\'lo wIls soon roachecd, nmy business tronsacledl, and my pleasure led mi to " Iook in " it tlioe public school. Hero 1 fndi.l clhout t wenllty linppy-lUookine, very olluai, and ncietly-drcssed boys nud girls, whlo rticeivcd thelir visitor in a wcay at once letokening lthalt good manners were at all ovents not neglected, illiouigli not specilud in tlhe elaborate itble of studios whlichl tlie " depirtmuent " requlires. Uuder tliohe diriectionii of thlieir tacnllcr, Mliss M. S. Mooroe, some of time clhildrcn were strioggling witlih tllhat grainmuticall pii/zzlo " il.nalysis," in wlhich thel poor thlings oftoeii get hiopo lesly mixed tup with their subllject, predicatle, object, extensiou , dt crllrlll, and to tlhe childrei I nallulIsciamil. Others were busy extircting Latini roots, insteaCd of othe iore congenial and pIrofitable extraictiion of tllhose sltmups and roots which will hlowever bo their probubls occupatioln wlicn grammar and analysis will worry them no more. From all I could observo andii lellrii during my short stay, tio " depsiltinOiit" could, I imagine, ii.nd littlelo fallt iillndecl willi the progress iilildo bIy thIl childrcn ulnder Miss Moore's iiistriictliIlt. liie girls were doing sonme most useuliil Inid I!>ecessliry plain workl and tliu resullt aIpC;IreLd tlo Il " aIw far, SCw Rood." I co'll Illnt lbut nlotice the colIlird figure called a morse l]aiiging on the wall. It was a "qnite too imip.Issilo" crelaturo suchll na uI lnld slihi! o as lru certainly niot fonud aionig ie liiihrsrs witli whliclh Miss Moore's Sclilliris arc fa niiliar. Tl)e( scliool ]ioiise is ain oblllng s;im shill with hittings of the veiny cnnriiisiiiiiitl ki;d, anil til pass hljliiljl tilm mull)er cliusesCb ii ilillpsibile witli ontl remiiovinvg lie liilcrinsl lifrom the tlabls. Would this I") tllhus in tJrowii-itriet 0r JD.rlilglllir-t sioollOs ? I Ialso cIllcd u))oni Ihlie 0,llst iilniiiilit of RIoseo Valeo, Mr. ioliert M iill 11, wivmim I fommund to be full of iniformition of thie lbu since fast, mlnd having for his partner thoe imartost little wooman with a complexion many young ladies would envy, andI who is thle mother of sons and daughlter averaging over six feet iu height with prolportions to match. Istt my time ran short, and in order to gather my mob 1 lid to qoit the pleasant company of this family, and ridle on in search of my clrthe. Ere long I spotted them in a pathlock to shieh they had no right of entry. " titiously I proceeded to cut them outi, lut I nit lirst couldhl ied no way by whicht I coold eat in. I followed tim fence, however, until I came to the break whcre tih: cows had cropped in, and S?trawbcrry 1loked at mne contemptuously and fed on. I advanced boldly enough how ever to make lher iunderstand she would have to make trackls for home, upon which tsh intimated as well as eho could that she wouli not go alone, but could not object if the others went. I extended the thong of my whip in a crach, a very ghost of a stock mau's delighlt, but enough to start the two red cows, one of which dashed up her heels, shook iher horned head, and lookisig sideways seemed to laughi and say, " come along, old boy, and I'll put you throughl." At lecngth I got them out into the bush, ancd here my troubles ap peared to be about to begin in earnest, for thie thlree seemed bent on each taking her own sweet road. More than once was I almost tdraggedt off my steed by having to shove through bumshes- thank goodness there were no briars-or through my whip thong clinging round some sapling or twig in my frantic clorts to use it persuasively on the bIackl of a beast. Slowly and sadly I wnded muy way, thie cows sometimes before andil sometimes behind, until I reached the more beaten track. To Ieep themi oi this was no easy job for me, and to keep the three in sight caused me many deviations from thie right sway. Teh gate leading into the road was reached at last, and as I went to be polite and open it for thethe hei brutes turnedt their heads the wrong way anid snalde off. lThis caused me to rush throughl thIe scrub to turnl tlhem, and here a dreadful accidlent was avoided by my receiving aI frighltflt wsound in the trouser leg instead of miy own which was in it. llad miy leg been torn ias miy trousers were I nmust hasve hlid down my arms at once and foregsone further driving. At last I got them on to the road IIand was not long in yarding the truants, and, bailingi up.old Strawberry, I soon put a new clapper to iher bell. On being loosedt shei evidently disliked the music sand kicked, st,p lged, and danIced round the stoclyard in a despersute way. Fl'inding the exercise only wiuded hier she gave it ip anud she is now comentablo by sound oven whoen lostto sight. I was coru plimented in this, my first case of mobbing, asud afterwards assisted to ipaddock the runmaways, whoso wandoring propensities can only be iindulged when the fencing is incomluete. 