ASPINO IL' CHAiERn V. (Continned.l 'My frantic fancy ! I thought n ! Wh t a cursed fool I must be to conjure up ime possible ghosts ! etlhow exactly it was like old Carwardine, as that flash of lEghtn ing showed me his. fIac-his face-ye-yes. and another, too, another, by tle lord Harry ! A spectre-like face, shite and Lony, ;large. black eyes, and lank, dark hair-cou?id .th.1 have been fancy -it must have been-I was half drunk-- doubled the faces.-but- was it ?-pheugh ! No-no-no, there was no eye-witnesstherc-no-ahal HIalloo? Whtoss there?' he shouted, suddenly apr'tng"ng a foot or two back, ansa sharp. loul knlick was given at his dining roomu door. ' Oh, if you please, tir, it's only me, sir - Mrs Jelleyjug,-your leI'hly,--sir, at your service, sir,' returned a hear.se, thu.ky voice without. 'What, in the name of the devil. Mrs Jellyjug, do you want with me at this time of night ?' he cried, angrily, cold perspiration still trickling down his f rehead. 'Me, sir ?-nothen, sir -:ie regards myse If, sir,' returned the landlady.. 'You owes nse nothen, sir- least-ways, won t owe me tee then for rent will Micklemas goose-day, sir; I wants nothen o' you myself, sir.' 'Then ahat brought you here, woman, annoying mue-ch?' he rejoined, in the same angry tone. On'y to see if you was at 'ome. sir.' answered the woman, meekly. You see I am--what then?' he respond ed, sullenly. ' I don't see that you is, but I eare as you is consekwently I knows as you is.' she re plied. 'Au' p'raps you'd be obligiu' enough to let me know if you're goin* out any more to-night to keep out all on it, an' come home vhen I'm coc,in''errins for my 'usband's breakfast, a looking-askuse me, sir- as . if you'd been chuck'd into a beerw..t nd 'ad crep' out througih a dust- hin ' 'I am at .'om-, I am nt t g. ing out, and I want. none of your infernal impertineu?es.' roared Aspinoil, passionately. ' " at is (O1.1 Nick's name is it to ye.u what time I csme home, or when I go our, or whether I go out at all?' 'Nothen to me, as I ai.I afo :. sir,' ob served Mrs Jelleyjug, with a Sitti r. '0 course you can go out like'a pink an' come in like a sweep, if you chooses-it aiu't no business o' mine ; but vether you goes out to night, or vether you stay at home, may be outhin' to the scraggy lrokin' o' jek as has been dodgin' about our di. r.san' a peepin' in at the keyhole, ever s'r ee y.,, ?- p" uop thI stairsas if youthort 'hier'" ?, a .yu .; 4 brut in the house, an' you wcer' a:tlr. r - wakin' on it.' Aspinoil would have I. ft dip.s.-d to storm at.this comment.ry upon his conduct submitted to him ly his lanudlady, but that the blood rushed back to h:s head when l'e was informed that a 's.cragry-lookin' objek' was dodging about the door af'er him. 'Mrs Jellyjtig!' he ejeculateld, in a", undertone, as. he stole up to the door, " .,n must have been dreaming A perts, n ldolg. iug about after me ? You a- e talking simp'y the languge of a Pc llamite. You t -ke tos little water with your cor lial of an evouitng. I am afraid.' 'Look'ee here, sir, don't you ca'l a ho, et 'ooman a bed.damite,' cried M:rs Jell-3jutg. raising her voice to a Fitch which sla .mred him. '&Ld-demite; yourelf now! W11ho are you? You don't pray.fur. my c'*rdle; you don't. An' besides. ve only 'ad a onartetn au' a three outs 'atween two on us,' 'My good Mrs Jellyjow.r y u must not mind my j king.' intoep, ?-d Arpinoi', in one cf those bland tones I.e en we ll ksi?*t. low to assume. 'But, setl. ulsl, otl yeo think any person has I" en lItok.i.g I?-e' te outsi'e the house?' "As there? Vy, Ib in's v.ltchiu'on hi. mor'n 'arf a nour. at .le.tt,' `anssered lths womnon, scornfully. 'Describe him to me, my .o-el tMe-' olly hag, if you please,' exclame'lh 5si,-.il ,t1tck ly and prevously.' ' Find him out for yourself then,' cricd the landlady, very inate. 'Jellybag, too! You jes' let my 'usban' 'ear you call ime Jelly bag ' ' Mis- tr;.ss Jelly-jug, I said,' iuter ltptd' Aspinoil, in a far louder key than ihe it:d 3ct used. 'You mis-unde stosl me I am not i-a a humour just now for joking. I can tell you; therrfore, none of your hanged non sense. Tell me what Iind of person it a s hio is outside ' 'A onuy speciment,' r.tmu net the land lady, a little modified; ' ain't much m-tr'n'a boy, lanky on his pins, an -.sr.'gay as a Jamp post ;an' he's got a nang.hks a ghost, TKfnl]y-Eli'plnebedus---ftfsh -uuftua-ut-n -tes way when grub is serve! out. -:He'a got large staring black eyes" too, an' a lot ' smragge?,blaol hair flying loiist his face a?' neck, as if he hadn't 'ad it cut since he was a babby.' SAspinoil started. He felt his ,calp prick and shoot, and a cold shudder pas el over his trame. e Why she described the very face he had seen in Mr Carwardine's library and which he had attributed to the delusion of an over. excited imagination. S' Wat a moment, - Mrs Jellymng,' be murmured with a gulp, * I am undressed.' 'I'ain't a comin' in, don't be affeard, Mr Moses,' shI.retlnned, promptly, and nodded her head to herself, as much as to say ' that's one for you, my friend.' * I mean ' he said, hastily, 'that I will be with you in two or three minutes, and then we will soon see who it is who wants me. Don't move, MrsJellyjug, until I e me.' .'Even before he concluded ep aking he commenced to hastily fling on a few articles of clothing, and.when only partially attired. he unlocked his door and opene.l it with' such startling abruptness, that Mrs Jellyjug gave a little shriek, and would have been precipitated from the top to the bottom flight, but that he, with an oath, caught her by the dress and saved her from falling. ' Death and Old Scratch! he murmored, frovwning, 'don't make a noise. Let me descend fit.'._ As he spoke, he stepped with a light step down the stairs, reached the passage leading to - thie street, and moved swiftly and cautiously a!ong until he reached the door, a-nd then he paused to listen, He heard a footstep approach the bonse with a kind of suspicious hesitation, and it stoppel at the street door. It s?eemed as if someone s'ithont was listcning too. Aspinoil opened the door with a sudden enl .i;htening-like jerk, and found himself ftecto face v it'o Mr. Jell jut. -That respectable individual, who wa Seeped to the lips with a?graliday, ad swore away the evening in the society of and at hiswife, had just raised his hand at the knocker of the door; as his fingers rested lightly uponit, it was wrested .from them with the speed of lightning, and the face of Mr Aspinoil shot forward until it was within two inches of his own. As soon as Aepinoil recognised him, he darted past him, and looked eagerly nl, and down the street, but without perceiving any one. He turned quickly to Mr Jellyjng, and said, sharply ' Did you meet anybody coming up the 't:o,' answered Mr Jellyjog, slowly, as he gazed a ith a species of fierce amazement at his lodger's paucity of attire. For omne time he had been insanely and quite unjustly jealous of Aspinoil. Mrs Jellyjog hlad weakly fostered it by dark hints and mysterious inuendos, to the effect, that if her Jellyjug was not passionately attached to her, there were others 'as was'-meaning, as Jellyjug thoaght, of course, his ' single man lodger.' 'Did you observe anyone when you reach ed here l' interrogated Asl,inoil, in the same tone. ',on !' replied Jellyjug, doggedly, his eye still running uneasily over Aspinoil's dier hevelle.d eallearance. 'Surr!' exclaimed, ' spinoil. iSure !' mtintered Jellyjug. At this moment Mrs 'Jellyjug descended the atairs with.a lighted candle in her hand, and she looked somewhat dishevelled, too. She had- inadvertently pushed h r cap away in her fright,. when Aepinoil-aoned.d.Antnf thee r; .on..h ri?t m.. trevionsly, and shai wtIm'esneOnseiiou ?it. ". , -.--'...---- . \- Not so Mr Jelln g, who was electrified by seeing the partoe lof his life and his weekly wages descend down the stairs from the upper pairt of the house, iistea-I of aoeending from the kitchen The moment lie caught sight of her, he saw her disordered head dre,as,nd he snort ed. . spinoil at the same time turned t. her and said hastily- 'Yuiu imn.t have been deceivrri, Mrs Jellyjug; t':cre wae no one moving about her--.' ' Waru't there tho' i' she replied, quickly; S'these sa-, andl I'll swear it I * t war tme ! g:owled Jellyjug, with a dark scowl at Ier : '*you warn't deceivrd: it war I who wter c uing. It war I who ha' been dec-.ived, not you.' . spiinlil t nr t into an angry laugh. '.lJllyj'lg. on are an idiot I' he exclaimed, with a curl of lhelip,and added in a graver to:e to Ih s wif-; 'don't. I beg of you,. 'Mrs Jrllyjig, ditu, hI me any more to-night with your stup:td fancies' '0' eonrse!' growled Jellyjug: ' I know'd it war her. t'os never comes do,r, in the kitchen, ilt's e whol - '-What a fool the man is I' cried Mrs Jellyjug, testily.. 'Yon go down in the' kitchen do, etoopid, will you ; the saauages is getting cold !' .. 'I've 'd my supper, I have !' growled Jellyjung, savagely. , Aspinoil waited to here no more; he dived his head once afain out of the doorway and looked up and down the street.. He was gratifi.d to find that it appeared to bedesert ed, and he, tht refore, hasktned up the stairs to his apartments. He had more than a suspicion, as he ran swiftly up. that. Mr and Mrs Jellyjug were fighting their way down to theirs ;" lit u it was no business of his,- he decit'ed to make no attempt to interfere between them. On re.chinug his rooms, he removed the lighted lamp to his bed-'oom, and closing the door, crept-and shuddered as hie crept -to the tindow whichoverlooked thestreet. tie nnf-ste en ti e shutters, antl glared upi anl doo n, but failed to catch a glimpse of a y p. roon w hatever, tuch less one who an-wered the description which Mrs Jellyjug bad just given to hinm-a description which he recognisrd ith -a terrible feeling of a Il" clo-e*l his window shutters. and re t 1.te :.aitdlty, and still shuddering, to his hed-'roonl, lmi rnce smore prep lred to retire It i?n ti-,ni!s which ass?rndd from below, eo :i. te1 a conviction that his 'a:mlord and aunl taly a re discussing some knotty point on t' e iaruetuntm naid aom?rinan principle., and that they were each enforcing their pro .o-ition,. a'thl tlie plates and d-ihes and k-, e-- r ftl rks. l htier- w.as itch crash:ng of crockery, a heavy tramplingot feettos and fro, a series of so eame. -cnmpani.d by a Ia:n:l's voice enitore::e-lly i-ed and -itntils as thoughi a ut:i'e f cltlahs were being incidentally idal-hd ns- tist thekitchen door; but Aspinoil ,i nott htedl.thlse noises he thu ght of. saw only.tlat other face which had loomed in so sp c tal a f shion upon him in Mr Carwar dines litln y. and which as'crding to Mrs Jctlyj .-'a s ccount, was flitting about the str ct. cIi front of the house, and peeping in at tite keyhole of the door. ,He staried with. a shiver at this last thought, sprang at his bed-room door, and opened it with a dash; but th-re was no one there. Pe heard only .ell jug'. voice elevated to exasperation, another crash of cro"kery, and .a - ent scream succeeded (To be continued ) 