THE ONE THING NEEDFUL BY MISS M. E. BRADDON, Author of " Ladt Audlet's Secret," &c.; Chapter XIH. — "Nor cah I Drbau op Thee as Dead." Mr. Nestorius made tho walk to tho Castlo last as loug as he possibly could. Ho pro fessed himself enchanted with that pas toral landscape, with its calm Middleshiro beauty, seen in tho rich coloring and under the sombre skies of autumn. Ho was inte rested in the river, and made Stella show him the late Lord Lasbmar s boat house, and the little creek that ho had been so fond of, the rushy retreats whero he and his adopted daughter had spent many a summer day. It was half-past ten when they arrived nt tho Castle, and Stella ran off to her room to wash her hands and re-arrange her hair before sho went to her ladyship. Tho statesman was keenly interested in this poor dependent, and took occasion to talk about her nt afternoon tea in tho library, where tho shooters were allowed to enjoy themselves in their mnddy bouts, and were refreshed with strong tea and cheered with pleasant talk, be fore ttiey went off to dress for dinner. After noon tea was much the pleasautcst meal of tho day at this particular season, when it wns just light enough to ilispcnso with lamps and just cold enough lo enjoy a wood fire. Lady Car- iniuow, secure in tho consciousness of sound daylight beauty, lounged gracefully in an oriental tea gown ; while Lady Sophia, who knew that a habit was the one costume which really suited her, balanced herself on the toes and heels of her neat littlo hoofs before tho fire place, and honored the company with ono of thoEC graphic descriptions of n run which are so intensely interesting lo the narrator, and such an intolerable bore lo tho andiencc, Mr6. Vavasour, who never sat on a chair when she cottlil find an excuse for graceful sprawling, was reclining on tho hearthrug caressing her poodle, while the bishop's daugh ter's, who disapproved of tho lady but admired . tho poodle, shosved their experience of society by (heir polite attentions to tho dog and their cool avoidanco of its owner. Mrs. Mulciher, looking like the Goddess of Plenty in a tailor gown, presided at a tea tablo richly furnished with every variety of muffin and bun. It was ono of Lady Lashmar's had days, and she was not to appear until dinner time. "I havo had a long t alk with your poor brother's prote'pec," said Mr. Nestorins, luxuriously seated at Lady Carminow's olbow, and enjoying his second cup of tea. " Sho is the most extraordinary girl I over met." " As how?" asked Lashmar coldly. " She is not twenty, and sho has read moro than most women of fifty. She knows half a dozen languages, and has an intense apprecia tion of classic literature ; and yet she has all a girl's humility, and a perfect unconsciousness that she is gifted above the rest of her sex." " But do you coll it gifted to be able to tako in half a dozen grammars and dictionaries ? " asked Lady Carminow contemptuously. "The wretched girl has boon crammed by old ' Mr. Vcrncr, an eccentric of the purest water " A remarkably fino scholar," interrupted Nestorius. "And, I daresay, like one of those certifi cated schoolmistresses ono reads of in tho papers, the poor tiring will go off her head some fine morning from too mnch learning." "I beg your pardon, Lady Carminow, this girl has not been crammed. Sho has learnt all sho knows for tho lovo of learning. Books have been her only companions in this honse, Mr. Verner her only friend out of it. She has absorbed tho fruits of his long years of study, sho has pro fited hy poor Lashmar's training, and hy Vomer's multifarious reading." " In a word, sho is a bine-stocking of the firBt water. You don't mean to say, Mr. Nestorins, that you, who aro so manly a man, can admire tho unwomanly in woman. " " There is nothing unwomanly in Miss— Miss — by-the-by I did not hear her surname this morning. She was only introduced to mo as Stella." "Her father's name was Boldwood," an swered Lashmar, "but sho has been called hero by no other namo than Stella, Her father was a blatant Radical, who preached socialistic and oetheistic opinions to the operatives of Brumm. No influence so baneful for tbc un educated classes as that of an educated man who has gone wrong." "Boldwood, a Freethinker and a Radical !" exclaimed Ncstorions. "Upon my word, I bc- licvo the maomust baso beon a fellow I knew at Oxford, a Balliot'man, one Jonathan Bold- wood." Jonathan was twname. Poor old Lash bad-an'idea that he had seon him in the Oxford eight." ' ' Nothing moro likely. Boldwood was a great athlete and a very clever-fellow into the bargain. It was thought that ho would take high honors at Balliol. But thore was a screw loose some where, He turned Radical, and wasted Iris timo at the Union, whore he was- famous as a grand speaker, Ho read Kant and' Hegel when ho ought fo have been reading for his de gree 5 and theond was failure, Ho published a pamphlet, which sneered at. the Uni versity ps an institution, and libelled the dons, The rest is silence. Ho was not abso lutely sent down, but" he was one of the most unpopular mon in tho college, and oae lino morning he disappeared altogether, leaving his hooks and baggage-and a sheaf of trades men's hills- on his tabic, ne was heard of three years afterwards travelling in Spain, a student of Romany and fhe companion of gipsies, following in the footsteps of Borrow, without the Bible, I nover heard of him after wards." "His last incarnation was -as a working engineer in Brumm," said Lashmar. II was always supposed there that he had married a gipsy ; hut I had imagined tho common type of English racecourse Romany, not tho moro romantic Gitaua. That idea of a Spanish alli ance would account for Stella's dark eyes and bluc-black hair." ' Sho is a most interesting girl," murmured Nestorius, with a dreamy air. Lady Carminow felt offended, She had no ulterior viewsahout Mr. Nestorius, but she would have liked him to languish under tbc spell of her falal beauty ; at least, so long as they two were slaying under ono roof. Wherever she was i( behoved her to be first. See had a particular dislike to learned women, and hated to hear a woman admired on account of mental graces ; perhaps from an underlying consciousness that her own mind was the poorest thing about her. " I must know more of this very interesting girl 1" exclaimed Mrs. Mulciber, iu her round comfortable voice. 1 "Why cannot we have her lo tea of an afternoon 7" Mrs. Mulciher wished to stand well with Mr. Nestorius ; firstly, because ho was a great man in the abstract, aud it would he pleasant lo ho able to describe him as her particular friend, and secondly, because she did not believe lhat his retirement from public lifo would he eternal. Tho day might come when tiro student would again bo Prime Minister, and then it would be well to hare gratified the great man's little whims, and lo ho remembered as a pleasant, serviceable person. " Why not, indeed 1" exclaimed. Mrs. Vava sour. "It would be capital fun. She would he copy for Vay. lie could put her iulo ono of his books." Vay — pet name of wife's— locked daggers, lie lmted to have his hooks talked about ; most of all to have them talked about by Mrs. Vuva- sour, who never read them, and who had tho credit cf writing ihem. That suggestion that everything iu life was to be copy" for him, lhat he had uo ideas of his own, but must go 'Published ay spaas! arranger ncnu Willi .tUo- AatkaK All xirtisjti arte. ; about the world character stalking, was posi tively maddening, " I never put actual people in books," he (aid. " Quite true," muttered Ncstorius, aside to Lady Carminow, "his characters arc anything but actual people." " It would not be at all right to have the fcirl here as a kind of laughing stock," said Clarice with a magnanimous air, as if she were defending the absent. " Not by any means as a laugliiug-slock, Only as something fresh, and bright, and original," argued Mrs. Mulcibcr. "But she is only a kind of servant," urged Claricej " It would be cruel to unsettle her mind." think her mind is too well furnished to be easily unsettled," said Nestorius; "a kind of servant who knows half a dozen languages is not likely to remain loug e servant. Itely upon it that girl will strike out some career for herself before she is much older. She had been m hondnge hitherto, but she has made good use of her bondage." Mrs. Mulciber pounced upon Stella in the corridor on the following afternoon, introduced hcrsolf with affectionate familiarity, and wanted to take the girl to the library. "We all want you to como to tea," she said. " Mr. Ncstorius has been telling us how clever and how nice you are." To her surpise Stella flatly refused. "I used almost to live in that room when I was a child," she said. " It is there I most vividly remember Lord Lashmar — my Lord Lashmar. His ghost haunts the room. I could not hear, to hear talk aud laughter, and to see strango faces there." " You are a very foolish girl," said Mrs. Mulciber, with her kiudlv common sense tone. "Your 'life must be hideously dull, a positive slavery, the hard work without the privilege of an upper servant ; and here is an opportunity for improving your position, and getting your superiority rocoguiscd by the very best people." " I don't care for the best people," tho girl answered bluntly. "Tbcynro nothing to me. I would rather he with Sir. Vcrner than with the finest of Lady Lashuiar's friends. " ; "You forget that Mr. Ncstorius is among those very people. To know such a man is a .liberal education." " Mr. Nestorius is very clever, and very kind — hut 1 would rather see him at Mr. Verner's cottage than among the fine people downstairs." "You are incorrigible," exclaimed Mrs. Mulciber. " Your only cliancc of ever getting on in the world is knowing smart people." " Then 1 shall never get ou, for I hato smart people." As she spoko there was a vision in her mind ol a long vauished day. She recalled that afternoon in the library — the girlish, graceful figure clad in tawny silk and scarlet sash ; the bright, beaming face turned to her, the pitying hand from which she hud shrunk as from some thing unclean ; and her own image in a black frock, skimiply made, common. She had keenly felt the sting of her own nnboaulcousncss as contrasted with that radiant vision. She would have felt it even if Lord Lashmor had not denounced her as ugly undj illmanncrcd. She had been both — slio was both even yet, perhaps, although she had been able to get on so well with Mr. Nestorius. These mighty souls are indulgent to ugli ness and bad manuers. Did not Plato and all tho best men in Athens put up with Socrates. So did sha argue with herself, aud nothing would induce her to accept Mrs. Mulcibcr's invitation. - "She is what our neighbors call forouche," said that worthy woman, when she announced her failure. ' She is very much at homo with Homer and Virgil, but slio is afraid of us." V Nothing more was said about Stella. Cap tain Vavasour had kindly consented to read a short story which lie had just written for Harper, a story of tho upper curreuts, aud to listen and to criticise absorbed everybody's at tention. Tea, muffins, shortbread, sentiment, Buddhism, plcasautly occupied the afternoon hour. In tho evening the Vavasours started games ; dumb crambo, charades, clumps, the usual kind of tiling. Mr. Ncstorius excelled at dumb cruinbo. It was au attribute of liis all roundism. The 1 'iclsiliy man must stoop from Greek to games, from the fate of nations to hunt-the-slipper. Lashmar detested this kind of fooling, so he went off to the library and plunged into the thriling pages of Hansard. Ho was interested in a factory bill that was to come ou next ses sion, the everlasting question of right and wrong between employers and employed, and he wanted to make himself master of the sub ject. It behoved him, as one having much property in Brumm, to bo a friend of tho ope rative, ulbeit setting bis face steadily against all innovations that smacked of Socialism, He had begun to read after ten o'clock, and he read on till after twelve, by which time the house party had finished their games and re tired for the night. Mr. Nestorius yawning tremendously directly he escaped from that appreciative, circle of which he. had been the life. Deep iu (he report of a case of trade union tyranny, which had gone almost as far as murder and quite as far as arson, Lashmar was unconscious of the opening of a door near hiiu, aud ojily looked up from his book when he felt a sudden brightening of the light in front of him. It was his mother's slave, standing there in her black, gown, with a candle in her hand. " I came to look for a book for her ladyship. I did not know you were here, my lord," she faltered, startled at finding anyone in a room she had expected to find empty. " Can I help you ? What book is it ?" " Sir Thomas Malory. The Morte d'Arthur." "Why, that is the very book," began Lash- waif, and then stopped abruptly with a smile, looking at tho pale, gravo face in front of him, which gave no answering smile. It was the very book she had been reading seven years ago, perched on tho ladder yonder at the other end of the room. Involuntarily he glanced towards the spot, shrouded in deepest shadow. " There is another copy," she said ; "I know where to find it." She went to a shelf a littlo way off, and selected a small octavo. " I hive been reading the Idyls of the King to her' ladyship, and slio wishes to hear the etoiy hi Lancelot's death in iho old romance,'' she explained. " It used to be a favorite story of yours when you were a child, I think," said Lashmar. He had been looking at her deliberately while she found her book and moved quietly towards the door, looking at her with the thought of what Mr. Nestorius had said about, her in his mind. One thing was certain. Tno ugly child, if ugly she had ever been— had grown into a very interesting woman. He did not know whether to call her beautiful. The small features were delicately moulded, but they had not tho statuesque beauty of Lady Carminow's outliuc. The little noso inclined to tho retrousse, tho tips were too thin for loveliness — lips of Minerva rather than of Venus — lips of Sibyl or mystic rather tliau of lovable woman. The comploxion was a pale olive, Uiat tint which suggests bronze rather than marble. Tlie hair was blue-black, lustrous, heavy. Tho eyes were tho most glorious orbs that Lasiunar ever remembered fo have looked upon ; eyes full of thought aud full of pride ; eves of a queen, and of a quoeu who would rule ber kingdom. He looked at ber gown, the black merino gown, v.-itfc its plain, straight skirt and denii- train.; just such a gown as every house maid at Lashmar wore oi an afternoon. His mother had not been over indulgent to her dead step ton's protfge'e. _He opened the door for her. "Do you know that it is past twelve o'clock?" ho said. "I suppose your duties arc over for to-night ?" " No ! I shall be be reading for some hours, perhaps. Her ladyship is such a bad sleeper." " Rather hard upon you!" ' Not at all. I am fond of reading, and 1 am always interested in the books her ladyship chooses." Sho was leaving him with only a slight bend of tho graceful head. " Good-night ! " he said. " Good-night, my lord " She was gone, and he sir:' --icd where she had left him. ' So that is tho tawny- visaged brat, with the goblin eyes, that nty poor brother brought into the Castle iu his arms that midsummer night nearly fiftccu years n6u>" ho said to himself, "Poor old Lash"! how proud he would have been of his bantling if he had lived to see her as she is to night. A girl who warms an ex-Prime Minister to enthusiasm ; a girl who, for dis tinguished looks and pride of mien, could hold her own iu any coterie in London, Paris or Vienna. And she has grown up to this under my mother's stringent rule." And then going back to Hansard, and find ing it impossible to revive his interest in trade unionism and Mary Ann, he said to himself : — " She looks as if she had a temper — just the same kind of temper that made her flout Clarice, seven years ago, in this very room. Sho looks as it sho had nerros. Why doesn't my mothor let her go out into the world ? It is like chain ing au eagle to keep licr here ?" Lashmar heard voices — a musical baritone — a subdued contralto — on the terrace, uuder bis window, at eight o'clock next morning, and lookiug out, saw Mr. Ncstorius aud Stella walking up aud down, in uppareutly earnest conversation. ' She is us much at her ease with liira ns if she had been reared among Cubiuct Ministers," ho said to himself. " I hope he won't turn her head." Nestorius was talking to Stella of licr father, a theme that thrilled her. No one until this hour had ever spoken that name since Hubert Laslnnur's death, and Lord Lashiuar had always been reticent upon this one subject, shrinking from all questioning. " Aud you really knew him!" she exclaimed with delight. " You were ut tho University with him!" " Yes, I knew him well, and admired liis gifts, whicli were great. He was an original genius, and iu a world where all things are growing old and stale, that ought to count for much. Is it many years since — sinfie you lost him ?" Mr. Ncstorius had a dim recollection of some tragical story connected with Lashmar's adop tion of au orphan child, and he touched the subject apprehensively'. "Ho is not dead," tho girl answered eagerly, paling at the question. " At least, 1 have never hoard of his death ; aud I always think of him and pray for him, and dream of him as living. I see his face in my dreams often, though I was such a child when he went away." 'A'' Ho went' away !", repealed Mr. Nestorius wonderingly. " Yes, very, very far away. I think he must have gono to Australia ; but Lord Lash mar would never tell mo much. Perhaps ho thought I should think my father cruel for leaving me, but I knew him too well to ikink that. He must have been in trouble of some kind — groat trouble — or ho would uot liavo gouc without iuc. Aud theu camo the fire, and Lord Lashmar saved my life, aud adopted mo as his own little girl." " Did your father leave long before the fire?" "I can't remember. All that part of my life seems like a dream. I woke ono morning and saw green trees, and gardens, and a river. It was like waking up in fairy land. That was the heginniug of my life at Lashmar. I know my father was very unhappy. Tho world had used him hardly, (ho said, and I think my mother's death must have broken his heart. Ho told me ouco that sho died of a brokon heart. ' You are to remember that wheu you arc a woman,' he said. < Remember that your mother's heart was broken. Remember tbis too : Futhcrs have flinty hearts.' I used to say the words ovor and over again to myself before I knew what they meant." "There was somo history behind that!" rnnsed Nestorius, deeply interested. " And so you think your father went to Australia ?" "Only because Lord Lashmar saifl ho had gono very, very far away. Ho would hardly have said that of America, which seems so hear now-a-days." " No I ho would hardly have said as much of America. But surely if your father were liv ing, he would bavo communicated with you — he would have sent somo one iu scorch of you would have made some inquiries about you, iu all theso years. "Oh! please don't try to make mo bclicvo that ho is dead," the girl pleaded, with au agonised look. ' < In all these years my only comfort has been fo think of him as living ; winning his way to fortuno in a new couutry ; waiting until he had made his fortune to come home to inc. That has been my only day dream. It is the only hope I have in this life. Don't spoil it for me." Her hands were clasped, her eyes streaming with tears. Never since Hubert's death had she spoken of her father. Sho forgot that Mr. Nestorius was a great man and almost a stranger to her. She bared her girlish heart to him. " Not for worlds would I dispel a sweet delusion, dear child, even if it is but a delusion !'' ho answered gently. " But you must uot talk of life being empty of hopo for you. At your age the future is full of glorious possibilities. Ah, if 1 were only as youug as you and as gifted ! Come now, be frank with me. You must have ambition. Yo do not mean always to bo her ladyship's reader ; to fossilise in that position ?" " No, no, indeed," exclaimed Stella, and theu, freely as she would have talked to Gabriel Vcrner. she told Mr. Nestorius her dream of the future ; a cottage beside the Avon, with faithful Bessy for her housekeeper, friend, companion ; an abundance of books, aud her pou as the source of her income ; all sho wanted was a complacent publisher who would buy her books. "Youbave an idea that you could write if you tried," said Nestorius, knowing that tho dreams of youth are for tho most part only dreams. " 1 have been writing ever since I was thir- teeu years old," she answered gravely. " You began with tbo first year of your teens. That was early. What have you written ?" " Verses first, stories iu rhyme, like Scott — I don't mcau like his, for mine are uot to be uamed iiesidc Marmiun or the Miustrcl — only ou that plan. I blush to remember all the uonseuso 1 have written." Did you ever show your verses to Mr. Vcruer ? " Never. lie is all that is good and dear, and a great scholar, but ho is very matter-of- fact. Ho would havo read my manuscript patiently from the first liuo to the last, and would have said : My dear, this is not so good as Homer,' or something to that effect. I shall never show my poor verses to any ouc, but they consoled me while I was writing them. But I have written two or three stories, which I do not think can bo much worso than the worst of the novels Mudie sends her lady ship." " Let nie see one of your siorics ; im mediately," said Nestorius eagerly. " What a wouderful girl you are ; and von havo written for years, aloue iu your room, day after day." ".Night after night, "".'aid Sit 11, i : " I had no time to write in the day. Tho night has bceu always my own." > « And you began to write, and you hive gone ou writing without . encouragement, 'or help, or counsel of any kind? You are: a' wonderful girl. Go and get me one of your books immediately." " Will you really be so good as to look at a few pages and to tell me frankly if tho story is quite intolerable rubbish ?" " I will toll you tho truth in all honor ; and if your story is as good as I think it must be it shall be published, even if I have to turn publisher and produce it myself. And that will be the first step towards independence and your cottage by the Avon," added Mr. Nestorius, smiling down at her. Her checks glowed and her eyes brightened at the idea, Except from old Gabriel Vcrnor, sho bad received no such kindness since her benefactor's untimely death. She looked up at tho statesman with eyes that overflowed with grateful tears ; tears of jovfulncss this tiuio. ' How good you arc," sho faltered ; " if you are as good to other people as you have been to me, 1 wonder " She stopped, blushing at her own boldness, suddenly remembering the gulf between them. " No wonder what ?" " No wonder that you arc tho most popular man in England, in or out of office. At least," faltcringly, " that is what Lady Lasiunar said of you the oilier day." r' Lady Lashmar is very kind. But I am not so interested in other pcoplo as I am in you, Stella. I may call you Stella, may 1 uot? You were introduced to iuc by that name," ' ' I have no other name here. My father's name is forbidden, as if it wore an evil thing, bccauso lie was a Radical." ' Stella is enough. It expresses you ad mirably. Aud now go and get me your story. Tho one you like host. I will read it before luncheon, and if you cau moot mo in tho aftcr- uoon at dear old Verner's, I will tell you honestly what I think of it. I'erhups I shall havo to say that you havo produced no situation quite so good as Priam's supplication to Achilles for tho body of Hector." Stella smiled, and went meekly to obey her patron. Slio returned iu five minutes, breath less, bringing a inauuscript, which was thick cnougli to be formidable. But it was written very clearly iu a ueat and somewhat masculine baud, a penmanship modelled upon that of tho lute Lord Lashmar, who had been as a god to Stella, She hud cherished every scrap of his writing ; she had trained herself to write like liim. Mr. Nestorius was not appalled by tho hulk of the manuscript. He was au enthusiast iu all things great and small, and took up every cause with a like earnestness. " Your story is longer tliau I expected," he said; "I shall uot have liuished it by this afternoon, but I shall be able to tell you some thing about it. " He went off to his dressing room after break fast, pretending to havo letters to write, drew an arm chair to the fire, and read Stella's inauu script. He had not read twenty pages boforc ha started up from his chair and began to walk up and down the room rapidly, as he always did when deeply moved. Ho felt liko a discoverer, almost as Columbus must have foit wheu ho found America. Tho girl is a genius, ".be told himself de lightedly. " There is a power in this, there is a freshness that means genius. She inherits Boldwood's originality. His audacity too. This is a story that people will read." It was a story by a writer suckled at the purest founts — a writer whose fancy had never been wasted on tho visious of minor seers. The girl who had read Homer and Virgil, and Dante aud Goethe, and Milton and Shaks- pcavo from licr childhood, had started with advantages rarely possessed by the writing youug woman. Her siylo' had never been vitiated by evil examples, her mental eye had never been dazzled by tinsel. . Her English was true, aud clear, and vigorous. Every sen tence went homo to tho mark, liko a well- aimed arrow to tho goal. Her thoughts, when uot purely origiual, wore culled unconsciously from tho noblest sources, Her plot, her charac ters were all her owh ; hut sho had learnt character-painting from Homer aud Shaks- poarc, plot-weaving from thoso Greek drama tists who havo given us all tho elements of dramatic fiction ; while youth, with its poetry nnd enthusiasm, its ardent love aud uncom promising hate, glowed in every page. Tho story could only havo been written by a young woman ; and only ono youug woman in a thousand could havo written it. "Tho girl has a fortune iu her pen," said Mr. Ncstorius, " in an age when strong fiction is ouc of tho necessities of life like strong drink. Poor child I sho can afford to shako tho dust of Lashmar Castle from her feet as soon as sho likes." Yet when he mot Stella at Mr. Verner's cot tage two or three hours later the great man was laudably moderate. "Your hook will do, Stella," ho said; "I 6hall scud it to my publisher directly I havo . finished reading it. There is tragedy coming, I seo ; the inexorable fates are dogging your heroine's stops. Why could you not give us a happy ending, like that of Alcestis ?" " I wrote the story as it came to me," she said. "I felt that when Iolantho was so happy somo evil must be coming ; think how happy my life seemed when those horses ran away." " Ah ! poor child, your life has been loo full of tragedy. The comedy is all to come— fame, and fortune, and true Jove" — with a faint sigh. "That vivid pen of yours may win you all good thiugs." "It has consoled me when I should have been miserable if I had been obliged to think about myself," answered Stella. " And do you really, really think the story is worth printing, sir?" she asked with child-liko diffi dence. ' I am sure of it. Your heroine is not one of those invertebrate puppets one reads of. She is a creaturo of flesh and blood, as much nlive as you are yourself. She is sure to find friends — and enemies, which is still better, for foes talk louder than friends, aud talk means fame." 