STRANGE PERSONAL EXPERIENCES. TTTR BARK ROOM. In 'these days of advanced scientific knowledge and wonderful discoveries, it must be an ignorant person indeed who will not believe what he cannot under stand ; but the following narrative, which I would not give had it not been a per sonal experience, may try the faith of a good many. I am an elderly man, and have been in a lucrative business for the greater part of my life. I had worked hard and not without profitable returns, so that on my fifty-fifth birthday I sold my business and made up my mind to live on my means in comfort for the rest of my days. This I, however, found to be a difficult matter. I had been a hard working man and the idleness was unbearable to me. Happily or unhappily, just as the reader's experience may choose the signifi cation, I was yet a bachelor, and living at a hotel; but after some months of idle misery I determined on purchasing a house, and setting up a regular establish ment. I thought I could get a competent lady housekeeper, and get into a way of dinner-giving, and that, to try and get rid of the tedious hours, so I commenced ex amining the morning papers for house property to sell or let. I think it was on the second day of my guest that I read the following rather peculiar advertisement in The Herald:— " For sale or to let, the 'Bushgrove,' that well-known and commodious family residence, situated within easy distance of Melbourne. The owner is parting with the property for very peculiar reasons, which greatly reduce the purchase-money. —Apply to, &c.;, &c.; Thinking this a very odd, not to say unbuslness-like advertisement, my cu riosity was excited, and taking my stick in hand I set out for the office of the agent with, the paper in my hand.. The man was at home, and laying the " ad." before him, 1 asked him to explain. " The place belongs to so and so," he said, naming a well known wealthy gen tleman, "and he has entrusted it to me for sale if possible, but under what I call very foolish conditions." " What are the conditions ?" I asked. "That I tell the intended buyer the truth before he purchases." "Well, you had better tell it to me." "It seems there is a haunted room in the mansion." "A haunted room !" I repeated with scorn, "and you, a business man, sup> posed to have some common sense, can sit there and talk to me about a haunted room gs if you believed in it!" " I am glad you hear what is stated to be a fact in such a manner, sir ; as for myself I neither believe nor disbelieve. I pimply know nothing about it. If you will go to see Bushgrove my trap is in the stable and I can drive you there." I examined the house, approved of it, bought it, and am living in it to this day. I chose the said-to-be haunted room for my own sleeping apartment, but I do not sleep in it now. My experience in it was as follows :— On inspecting the room I noticed that it seemed very badly lighted, but the Vene tians outside were closed, and there was beside a great willow tree almost iu front of one window. The agent would have given me some further information re garding the apartment, but I cut him short. " I don't want to hear anything about it," I said. "I don't believe in ghosts, but if there is anything supernatural about the room I want to find out in what shape it is myself." So the first confirmation of the honest owner's statement I got from the work men I had put in to get Bushgrove in order before I sent in the furniture. They said it was impossible to light the room. I proved the fact myself when it had been repapered, painted, &c.; I en tered it at midday, when the Venetians were thrown back against the sunlit walls, and the objectionable willow tree had been cut down. The room was in a deep twilight, and there was round the burning gas jet only a halo of light such as you see round the moon in a hazy sky. I made no remark, but when the place was furnished I wa3 glad to have an op portunity of investigating the apparent phenomena. It was rather an odd experience to have to carry a light in your hand from one part of the room to another, as you required, but it was mine on my first retiring to rest in that chamber. I don't think 1 was afraid, but I felt queer, for I was satisfied no*, that no matter how many lights you burned in the room, the illumination of each was limited to a small circle, and of course I had to own that there was something queer about the room. I don't know what I expected that night, but I will tell you what 1 saw. 1 had put out tiie lights manfully, ere I stepped into bed, and I made it a point not to open my eyes until I had lain down with my face to the front of the bed, and the clothes tucked arouud me. Then I opened my eyes, not to the darkness as I expected, but to the most mysterious sight man ever saw. The floor was carpeted with Brussels, but in the middle of the room, where my eyes first rested, I saw the bare boards, and the body of a man lying on them dead. Around the corpse was a circle of pale light, like a shade of moonlight, as it were a dense wall, as it seemed of dark ness encompassing it. I sat up in bed the moment I saw this strange tiling, and as I did* so, the French clock on the mantel tinkled out 12. It was exactly midnight I stared at the spectacle for nearly an hour, trying to account for it as some kind of fraud. The man was within 10 feet of me, or appeared to be so, and I could distinguish every feature and every little peculiarity of position and attire. Be was dark-haired, and had a full brown beard. He looked about 40. He lay on one side in a bent, yet not unnatural position, as though be were asleep; but the "rigidity and pallor of death were on his limbs and face, and the lips were slightly contracted and drawn back from singularly white teeth that gleamed awfully in the queer light. He was attired in dark trousers and a white shirt. On the latter there was a red stain near the throat. He had red silk braces, one of them being, however, unbuttoned and lying back from him on the floor. In the hand that was partly under him there was apparently some thing clutched, but I could not dis tinguish what it was. It seemed to me that in desperation to prove the thing, but a vision of the imagination I bounded from my bed and went within the circle of supernatural light. I stooped and touched the man's face and felt the cold hard brow of the dead ; but 1 felt something more—at the touch a shock was sent through every nerve of my body, just as if it had been from a powerful electric battery, and I v as sensible of an inability to move. J usi at that awful moment my timepiece sfi uck one, and from the hand, which I was incapable of moving from the cold brow of the corpse, I distinctly felt the substance sink ing away as the light around it faded out, and 1 was in darkness once more. Now, I do not want to expatiate on these facts, but leave them to my readers as subject for thought. I have not to this day discovered the secret of the dark room, and I, doubt less, never shall. I passed tlrree nights in the room, and always with the same expe rience. The corpse was visible in its mysterious light from midnight to 1 a.m. on ly. rIhere were no other manifestations, and no efforts of mine succeeded in accounting for that. I have satisfied myself that no means of illumination have power over more than a small radius in the dark room, and 1 have shut it up and tried to forget it. Nor have I mentioned to a soul my experience. I do not wish to frighten away my servants, or bring a host of curiosity-mongers around me to explore for themselves. I have not, how ever, the slightest objection to receiving any officially accredited member of your staff at Busgrove, and affording him every opportunity of examiningthedarkroom, on conditions that its locality and my name be kept a profound secret.—Melbourne Herald. 