THE TURF. i (if>ttn{ab" (Bushworth),—If you refer to the Tas I luauian-bred Figaro, he was bred by Mr. K. Bryant, and was by Wanderer from Fairy, but we do not 1 now who owned hint, or whore he was located in 15C0. rrobabiy some of our readers can provide the information. . ii l N " (Ballaral)—Malua and Darebfn both ran at two years old, so did Fryingpsn and Chester I consequently you are wrong, and lose the wager. We are not responsible for the inaccuracies of correspondents. "Angler" (Hamilton).—Fisherman died at Maribyr jiou" in the year 1805, therefore, it is impossible for anybody to own a fisherman mare 10 years old. "J. SI. I."—Trenton finished third in the last Mel bourne Cup. "P. K." (Ulupna West)—The stewards had no power to disqualify your horse unless it was proved that vou were aware of the boy having left hfs employer's service without leave. Appeal to the V. R. C. W. M." (Ivanhoc, N.S.W.)—Memder and Denmark are both thoroughbred. We have not space to spare for their tabulated pedigrees, "ii. S." (Waimate)-The name has not been changed. "if. 0. A."(tang Lang)— 3. Weliesley is by Panio from Frou Frou, and is full brother to Wellington. 2\. I'alincrstoii, by The Premier. "11. W. 11." (Penola)—The V.R.C. Racing Caloudar sfates that he was disqualified by (he IViumicra Turf Club, on the 4th March, 1886, for misconduct. "I 0. N."—You had better draw the sweep again. "C. D." (Iieiior-road)—1. Snowden's dam was by Stumps (brother to Peter Fin) from a mare by Jihbinond or Tancredi from Young Harriet, by Cauiillus. 2. Colsterdale, by Lanercost, won the Liverpool Cup. "A. C. D." (Boulia)—The Assyrian is a dark bay or brown horse, by Countryman from Tinliudcr, by Tan agon from Deceptive, by Yelverton. " Bonanza."—Morrison rode Silvcrmiue intheSvdnev Cup. " I. M. S. (Stciglitz)—Messrs. W. 0. Tuiile and Co. ui 1 provideyou with a full tabulated pedigree of the horse 011 receipt of one guinea. Wo cannot spare time to tabulate the pedigree. "Trenton. "-The " Turf Register" will bo published about the 21st inst. "J. IL" (Hcathcotc)—Ocean is by Chivalry from Tilly. '• Handicap."—As the race your horse won was a private match, he is eligible to run for the Trial Stakes you refer ta " II. L." (Sunbuiy)—They would have to jump 14 fences of an average of about 4ft, iu height, i. g. You will have to apply to the secretary, Mr. J- D. Kobinson. " T. S."—L G. Fordhsin was born on the 11th Sep tember, 1837 ; Fred Archer, on the 11th January, ls37. 2. Archer has ridden more winners than Fo-dham ; he passed the laiter's total last year. 3. Haiua and Cyclops are not full brothers; both are bv St. Albans, but the former is from Edella, and the latter from Jewess. 4. Whitebait is by King' oi the Anglers from Waitress, by Panic from Miss Saxon, by The Premier. "J. M." (Camperdown)—little John, Jim Cain, and The Ghost are among the winners by Hauvlct. For the whole of their performances we must refer you to the "Turf Register." CRICKET. " R. F. Dunkcld."—F. R. Spofforth is a far better bowler than Maurice Read. i " 1L L. B." (Tarella)—In the match England r. Aus tralia which you refer to, W. L. Murdoch scored 153 (not out), and IV. 0. Grace 162 (out). " Ignorant."—The intention evidently was that a draw would be given in if the match were drawn after playing full time, but aa the game was abau-1 doncd the bet is off. AQUATICS. "Rover" (Sandhurst).—L Teenier and Lee are both Americana Ross and Gaudaur are Canadians. 2. If Beach is beaten in bis first match, the second can not be for the championship of the world. BILLIARDS. "Anxious."—Having knocked the black pin down while making his stroke it would be a " burst." ATHLETICS. " V. F. A." (Brookong)—Tou may be right, but we had the information from one of his backers. " J. A. G."— I. About 36 inches round the chost would be good measurement for a lad between 17 and 18 years of age. 2. An inch or an inch aud a half. "Highflyer" (Dry Creok).—L II seconds, and 17 seconds. 2. 17ft would be fair for a loug jump, 3sft. for hop, step, and'jump, aud 4ft. din. for standing high jump. " Puff" (Lake Victoria).—R. Ncave, of Victoria, in a bop, step, arid jump cleared 40ft 2iu., so the Mew Zealand record is not the best CARDS. " T. If." (Dunedio)—According to the strict rule only one player can go alone; neither Of his opponents can go alone against him. " b."—Low deals. The player who cut tho eight was, therefore, entitled to tho deal. ' 0. s. \V." (Akaroa)—It is not a revoke. The rule quite the same as at whist, and tor your edification wo publish itIf a suit ia led, and any one of the players, having a card of the came ™ U)l?y,?n?ther suit to it, that constitutes a revoke. But if the error be dlsoovered before the Jo. , quitted, or before the party having so played a wrong suit or his partner shall play again, toe penalty only amounts to tho cards boiQfif treated " r nXp?.sMd being liable to be oaUed." M. (Bolaud'a Hotel)-All depends upon the " tf «.wAHTS8?'and whrt 14 from. wilda)-In cards played 6,7, 6.6.7 the the nth 6 fS0^ three lor aaequenoe, and as ^. bthera oould not go and he then played the __8ccond 7 be scores another three for & wmunu 