THE REV. S. MACFARLANE ON SOUTH SEA MISSIONS. The Rev. S. MacFarlane conducted service at the North Adelaide Congregational Church on Sunday morning before a large congrega- <*> tion. The rev. gentleman took for the text of his sermon the words " The isles shall wait for His law" (Isaiah xlii. 4). He said when leainh glanced his prophetic eye down the vista of coming centuries he was favored with the glorious vision of the conversion of the Gentile world to the Messiah. The prophecy was now receiving its fulfilment, and gradually melting away into tbe details of history. The language of Isaiah might fairly be applied to the islands of Polynesia when Christianity made its appearance among them. Era Christ took his departure from the world He thus addressed His desciples:—"'Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptism? them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." This command seemed clothed with a species of military authority admitting no questioning or reasoning on the part of those to whom it was or is addressed. Never had the Saviour's last command bran cancelled, revoked, or alteyixl. It iB as binding now upon the church individu ally and collectively as when it was first uttered. Look at a map of the Pacific. A hundred years ago the prince of darkness reigned snpreme throughout all these widely extended regions of our globe. The idols were as numerous as tbe inhabitants, aud the temples as the villages which lined the shores or were scattered over the hiilsand mountains. Idolatry abounded everywhere. Cruelty and oppression were common. Voyagers who knew little of the people, but were charmed with tbe scenery, were wont to describe the islands as gems that sparlded in the peaceful waters of the vast Pacific. But the nearer the view the darker the moral aspect became. We who have lived for nearly thirty years amongst th?m know something of the moral filth of the inhabitants of those " gems of the sea. 11 After a brief eurvey of the introduction and progress of Christianity among the South Sea Islands he said during the last half-century or more the missionary work has been prose cuted at the Society Islands with varied suc cess. The missionaries and native Christians have passed through a eeries of trials and per secutions. Most nobly have the native churches been sustained. The Tahitians have held on to the principles of Protestant Christianity with true Waldensean tenacity. All mis sions in Polynesia profited by the example of the pioneer mission to Tahiti, The history of that mission has effectually exploded the idea that civilisation should precede Christianity in tbe evangelisation of a Christian people. The directors of the London IJissiocary Society entered upon the work of missions in Polynesia with enlarged and noble views. From the beginning they designed to extend their operations to other groups besides the Society Islands. No sooner had the missionaries become settled on Tahiti than the ship Duff, which left Kngland on August 10, 17'-HJ, to open up this mission, again sailed for the Friendly or Tongau Islands, Upon these were landed Christian missionaries. But this mission was uot successful. In a few months three of the missionaries were mur dered, and the remainder were taken to Sydney in 1800. Ko subsequent ettempts were made to evangelise the Friendly Islanders until the establishment of a Wesleyan mission in 1822. The Rev. Mr. Lawry was the leader in this new enterprise, which was Crowned with a glorious success. The work of evangelising Polynesia had now fairly commenced, and soon received a mighty impetus from that prince of South Sea missionaries, the martyr of Erro manga. The work at that time required just such an ardent, enterprising, and adventurous mis sionary as the Rev. John Williams. He built a vessel called the Messenger of Peace, by means of which the gospel was carried west ward to tbe Navigator Islands. Thence it was carried to Polynesia by John Williams in the ship John Williams, and from the Loyalty group in Western Polynesia it was taken to New Guinea. Describing the good that had been done by Nonconformist missions he said we have living proofs of its actual accomplish ment in thousands of converted So ith Sea cannibals, Esquuneaux, American Indians, bush negroes, and Papuans in New Guinea. But of more worth than all numerical statistics of progress is the deep and broad moral influence of the gospel, as that is even now to be seen in the regeneration of the whole heathen races. Social life with its thousand year old horrors and barbarities in the immense land of heathendom is being visibly changed into the civilised forms of human existence. What a marvellous transformation has taken place amongst the islands of Polyn?sia since that first band of missionaries landed at Tahiti in March 171*7. The mission of the London Missionary Society has con tinued westward through the Society Islands and Harvey group to Samoa, and thence to the New Hebrides and Loyalty group, to Tokelau and the Eltices group, and from the Loyalty group to New Guinea. With the exception of the last-named great island there are no more heathen on any of the islands of the Pacific where the London Mis sionary Society has stations. Instead of heathenism and cannibaism there have sprang up a growing trade and a growing- education. The islands are fast becoming ti Australia what the West Indies ire to lingland. They are exceedingly fertile, well adapted for the cultivation of sugar, coffee, cotton, and in some cases rice. Forms of civil government have been established, and in some cases English, American, German, and French consuls ap pointed. The Wesleyans and Armenians have also prospered amongst those islands; the former in Tonga and Fiji, the Utter in the Sandwich Islands. Sir Arthur Gordon, speak ing of Fiji, states that out of a population of about 120,000,102,000 are regular worshippers in the churches, which number 800. In every family there is morning and evening worship. Over 42,000 are in attendance in tie 1,534 Christian day schools, The number of native Christians belonging to Protestant missions in the South Ssa Islands was abcut 350,000, of whom 70,000 are communi cants. How had this been done, or what has been tbe character and ecclesiastical policy of Nonconformist missions? The prominent features, of these missions bad been and still were pleaching, Bible translation, establish ment of schools and printing presses, organisa tion of churches, and the general welfare of the people, including their civil, social, and physical condition. Oneof thegreatestpsculiari ties of the spread of Christiani'.v in the Soutn Seae is the work accomplished by native agency. From Tahiti to New Guinea the native con verts have been the pioneer evangelists. Island after island, and group after group, firet learnt the message of love from the lips of these simple earnest faithful men and their heroic wives. These native teachers are better acquainted with the habits, manners, aud customs of the heathen than the missionaries, and eo are well adaped to fill the gap be tween tbe debased savage and the European missionary. Hi? experience of native teachers went to enow that they can get at the heathen of their class and influence them in favor of Christianity quicker than European mission aries. As soon as the natives get hold of the truths of Christianity they are anxious to be sent to convey the glad tidings to the islands beyond. The seed had been, sown, and much good had been produced. Some of the fruit may have fallen unripe and immature. Still, after making full allowance for all defections in mission churches there remained much which we should cherish, and of which we might be justly proud and extremely un willing to say farewell to. Who would say — " Level the church edifices which the people have built for the worship of Jehovah and raze their foundations," or who would silence the chime of many hundreds of church bells, the sound of which breaks the Sabbath morning stillness on so many islands'; Who would disband the chinches and turn over the members once more to idolatry or rtbuild the old temples; rekindle the fires upon their altars; call forth the human victims for sacrifice; make the hills and valleys ring with the shouts of midnight revellers around tbe burning pit? Who, if he could, would stamp out Christianity if he could restore idolatry ? And if all were thus bound to admit that Christianity had been a great blessing to these tribes none can escape from the obliga tion to propasate it. In the evening the rev. gentleman delivered a discourse in Stow Memorial Church, Flinders-street, basing his remarks on the text, "Tbe work is great and large, and we are separated upon the wall one far from another." —Nehemiah iv. 19. After touching on the quettion as to how we are engaged in build ing up the kingdom of Christ the lev. gentleman said he well remem bered the time when he sailed along the New Guinea coast with a. fewLifu teachers to foim the first mission station in that great savage country. They had left the vessel at an island in Torres Straits, twenty miles from the New Guinea coast, owing to the dangerous navigation in unsurveyed waters, and proceeded to Davan, Saibai, and Katau. They wt-re fciinply going to eay a few words to the savages aud leave with them several teachers, who seemed nifu very much like themselves. But what mighty ietues depended upon so insignifi cant en event. They felt that they were com mencing a work destined to change the natives and everything about them. But how many of thoee in the boat would ere long fall before the fever of the country or the spears of the savages was a painful question. Not long afterward?, act! not far from tbe vii lage they were then visitimr, the first martyrs of the New Guinea Mission suffered, two Lifu teachers and their wives being murdered by the ignorant savages, who soon found, as they subsequently confessed, that they had murdered their best friends, supposing them to be enemies. They had since received teachers, and had embraced the the gospel, and were now living at peace among themselves and with their neighbors. Illustrating the sort of builders they had in the native agency, he said that in 1871 two Lifu teachers were located on Darnley Island, a healthy fertile island in Torres Straits, opposite the mouth of the Fly River. Betweenthenatives of Darnlpy and Murray Islands and those of the Fly River there was intercourse and inter marriage, and the speaker's intention was to. make those islands the stsppinp-stones to the adjacent mainland—tbe main body of New Guinea. There were not many natives on Darnley Island, but they were decidedly opposed to the teachers being located auionpst thorn. Finallv, the chief gave the required permission, but only on con dition that they should be removed in six months if he desired to get rid of them. Un Murray Itland the natives were more numerous and more warlike, making occasional raids on the powerful tribes of the Fly River, and returning with nativeskulls and native produce ?s tro|>hies of their prowess. One of the teachers left at Uaniley determined to carry the Gospel to the people of Murray Island, ?od that island vras now the central station. The natives had all embraced Christianity, aud were making fair progress in civilisation. The church had 150 members, a vvell-attended day school, established laws, magistrates, and a native police. There, too, the Papuan Institute is established, containing sixty youths from other stations, whence a few were going every year as pioneer evangelists to the savage tribes of New Guinea. And it was to this native agency that they must look for the evangelisation of New Guinea. They were the builders-who were acquainted with the natives and accustomed to the climate. Under wise European superintendence this agency would soon work its way into the very heart of New Guinea, shedding light and love and peace amongst the long-benighted and neglected people. Speaking of languages, he said it did not follow tliat because a tribe or nation had no written language their speech was merely a gibberish. He had hvod among Papuans for twenty-seven years and had reduced four of their languages to writipgr, and could testify th?t in sjme re"pects they were even superior to tbe English. Some of them had* a court and common language, inclusive and exclusive pronouns, dual and trial numbexs,and the words were all as precise in their meaning? as if they bad been defined by Johnson. The Erammar was as regular and uniform as if it had been formed by Lindley Murray, whilst the pro nounciation was as exact as if it had been settled arid phonographed by Walker, thus clearly pointing backward to a higher Btate of civilisation from whence they were falling. Linguiets like tbe late Bishop Patterson had noticed a striking resemblance between the grammatical structure of the Hebrew language and the Papuan dialects. Touching on the New Guinea work, Mr. MacFarlane said they had gained the confidence of thousands of savages, established 00 mission stations, formed six churches, and reduced four of the languages to writing, and had es tablished two institutions for train ing teachers from amongst the natives them selves, from which nearly thiry trained young men had gone forth and were settled at heathen villages, doing good work. New Guinea, like the rest of the world, would be won for Christ if they were faithful. They mutt woik and pray and Trait. 