REV. J. C. EIRBY AND EVOLUTION. To THE EDITOB. v S \ r ~ T re P udift tefche idea of "evolution" being a craze S ufcl0 £ TFJ 1 ?^6/, 0 thor ? u g% continuous as some that , i J ? od s method of creation has been Ivf B !U n( « U P ot evolutionary processes, no modern ®f'® mi9ts o f . a «>J repute deny. It appears to me that a8n a , me(1 Y 0 " 1 »ct of their having been foroed Z' }h it their will to concede point after point. . V^henDarw nfir J s i fcP ro pounded thetheorycertainreligion- "vj 0 ", , ^ n.° P lace an . v where j there was not a shadow of truth in it, and all who believed in it were on the high road to endless fire. Then evolution was allowed to be true as regards the differentiation of species; but genera were distinct straight-off creations. Then all the vegetable creations might have come to be trom evolutions out of one germ, and all animalB excent man from another. Mr. Neill has now narrowed it down to the distinction between the organic and inorganic, xi do j°. not uot tbink think that that the the distinction diatinnhinn between luW. the organic ame and the lowest form of the organic. I believe that the differentiation of existences is most minute and gradual. I do not think that the metaphysics of Dexartes are divine revelation, and he is the great teacher of the doctrine of dead matter. Mr. Neill is evidently a believer in the Cartesian doctrine of dead matter. Where does the Bible say God created dead matter? The Bible does not endorse French philosophy, even though Mr. Neill may do so. It seems to me more rational to believe that God, the livingGod, created not dead, but living matter. " God said, let there be light, and there was light." The living God spake to a living something, which gave a living obedience. Material nature is represented in Holy Scriptures as a living thing, He maketh hie angels winds, his ministers a flame of fire. I do doubt the existence of not-living torce, says the Lord Jesus, " Consider the lilies how they grow, etc. If God so clothe the grass of the field, will he not much more clothe you, ye of little faith." liere we see Christ teaching that it is the power oi ioree of the Eternal Father which makes the lilies grow. bliaU I blaspheme and say that that force is dead ? 1 believe in the continuous living operation of the living God my Eternal Father. I find that quite as happy and rational and Biblical a doctrine as French philosophy of dead inert matter. Mr. Neill assumes the existence of this dead inert matter. For such a belief he can allege nothing but perhapses and probabilities, and he will be a very clever and able man if he is able to state in words what the probabilities are of the existence of such dead inert matter. I advise Mr. Neill not to speak of the existence of dead inert matter till he has something better than probabilities for his belief that such matter exists: and that he will never get in this world. He must know that the mass of our beliefs rest and must rest upon probabilities. It is absurd to expect mathematical or intuitive proof for everything. I believe the probable before the improbable. When we look into nature it is probable that God has created all things by a process of graduated evolution out of living matter, and liighly improbable that He has done so by a series of tie novo ascending acts of creation out of dead matter. Religious men, out of a narrow bigotry, opposed Newton s astronomical discoveries. Then they were madly opposed to geology. They said they would overthrow the -Bible. But wiser religious teachers arose, and showed the people that the Bible and these sciences were in essential harmony ; so now leading religious teachers are showing that a continuous process of living evolution quite agrees with the Bible idea of a living m whom we live an wr d move and have our being " We are not required to hold to the errors or the mere traditions of our fathers. They thought, for example, that is only about six thousand years from the creation Adam, but the evidence abounds that we must place event further back by two or three thousand years As regards Mr. Neill's millennial views, I am not a in the pre-millennial doctrine. I believe in the poBt-millennial advent. I shall not argue the point but aving read much on the question, Dr. Brown's book, I onsider, has never been answered, nor do I think that ny pre-millennarians are alive who can answer it * s o w r a s have a wonderful faith in the power of the Holy Ghost using the things of Christ to bring the world to Jesus' feet. If Mr. Neill thinks the Holy Ghost and the Gospel predestined failures, and that what they utterly tail in is to be brought about by a visible appearance of the Lord Jesus at Jerusalem, and a city of saints floating m the air, he is welcome to such interesting notions but I regret to see men of robust mind under the power of such ideas. I believe in the Holy Ghost, and in the Gospel, which is the power of God unto salvation. I beheve that Christ shall come at the consummation of the ages, and that at the presence of His tremendous majeBty the heaven and the earth shall fleeaway. Come Lord Jesus, come quickly ! Grace and peace. ' J. C. KIRBY. 