Thirst for Gold — " A Thrilling Story of To-0.ay.r CHAPTER XXY.— (Continued) Yet waB there in the mother-tongue he dsBpised, one gem of a word he vastly admired ; like most quarterly writers. That charming word, the pet of the polysyllabic, was ' op.' He opened the matter in a subdued and sym pathising tone well calculated to win a loving father, such as Richard Hardie — was not. 1 My good friend here informs me, sir, you ere so fortunate as to possess a son of distinguished abilities, and who is at preient labouring under eome of thoBO precursory indications of incipient diao&3o of the corebro-psychical organs, of which I bare been, I may say, somewhat successful in diag nosing the symptoms. Unless I have been misin formed, he has, for a considerable time, experienced persistent headache of a ke phalaigic or true cerebral type, and he has now advanced to the succeeding stage of taciturnity and and depression, not un accompanied with isolation, and probably, constipa tion ; but as yet without hallucination, though pro- ba ly, and, as my experience of the greet majority of these cases would induce me to say, probably, he is not t undisturbed by odo or more o? those latent, and, at first, trifling aberrations, either of the in telligence or Lhe senses, which in their preliminary steges escape the obsery tion of all but the expert nosologist. ' There, you see,' said Osmond, ' Dr. Wyoherley agrees with me : yet I esHiro you I have only de tailed the symptoms, and not tec nclution I had formed from them.' Jane inquired timidly what the conclusion was. . ' Mi'bb Hardie, we think it one of those obscure tendencies which are very curable if taken in time ' Dr. Wycheiley ended the sentence — 'But no longer remediable if the fleeting opportunity is allowed to escape, 'and diseased action to pass into diseased organisation.' Jane looked awestruck at their solemnity ; but, Mr. Hardie, who was taking advice against the grain turned satirical : Gentlemen,' said he, ' be plaaied to bsgin by moderating your own obscurity ; and then perhaps I shall better see how to cure my son's disorder ; what the deuce are you driving atf The two doctors looked at one another inquiringly, and so settled how to proceed. Dr. Wycherley ex- plained to Mr. Mardie that there was a sort, at gene ral unreasonable and superstitious fceliDg abroad, a kind of terror of the complaint with which his son was threatened; 'and which, instead of the most re mediable of disorders, is looked at as the most in curable of maladies it was on this account ho had learned to approach the subject with singular cau tion, and even with a timidity which was kinder in appearance than in reality ; that he must admit. 'Well, you may speak out, es far as I am con cerned,' said Mr. Hardie, with consummate in difference. ' Oh yes !' said Jane, in a fever of anxiety ; 'pray conceal nothing from us.' 'Well then, sir, I hare rot as yet had the ad vantage of examining your son psrsonslly, but, from the diagnostics, I have no doubt wh to ezhe is labouring under the first foreshedo wings of cere- bro- psychical perturbation. To speak plainly, the. symptoms are characteristic of the initiatory stage of the germination of a morbid state of t'a pheno mena of intelligence.' His unprofessional v.rtrs only stared. 'In one word, then,' said Dr. Wycherley, waxing impatient at their abominable obtusenees, 'it is the premonitory stage of the precursory condition of an organic affection of the brain. Oh !' said Mr. Hardie, ' Lhe brain ! I see ; the toy ingoing mod. The doctors stared in their turn rat the prodigious coolnoss of a tender parent.'"" Hob exactly,', said Dr. Wycherley ; 'lam habitually averse to exagger ation of symptoms. Your son's sugga t m the Incubation of Insanity," nothing mor Jane; uttered an exelama'ion of horror; the doctor soothed her with an assurance thatthrre was no cause for alarm. 'Incipient; aberration ' was of easy cure ; xne miscnier ray in auiay imss Hardie,' said he paternally, ' duriag'a.lon'gjsnd busy professional career, it has been my painful province to witness the deplorable consequences of the'non- recognilioD, by friends and relatives of the ; prece dent symptoms of those organiciaffectioua of the brain, the relief of which was wifcbia 'the reach of well-known therapeutic agents if /exhibited 'sea sonably.' He went on to deplore the blind prejudice of un professional persons; who choore to fancy that other diseases creep, but Insanity pounces, on a man ; which he expressed thus neatly : ' that other deviations from organic conditions of health aro the subject of clearly , defined though delicate grada tions, but that the worst end most climacteric forms of cerebro-psychical disorder are suddenly developed affections presenting no evidence of any . antecedent cephal'c organic change, and unaccompanied by any premonitory stage, or by incipient symptoms.' This chimera lie proceeded: to confute, by ex perience : he had repeatedly been celled been called in to cases of mania described as sadden, and almost invariably found the patient had beenicrauky for years; which he condensed thus.: 'His oonduot and behaviour far many years previously to aDy sympfom of mental aberration being noticed, had been characterised by actions quito irreconcilable with the supposition of the existence of porfect sanity of intellect-.' He instanced a parson, whom he had lately at tended, and found hitn as constipated and as con vinced be ws John the Baptiet engaged to the Princess Mary as could be. ' But,' continued the learned doctor, 'upon this investigation, of this afflicted ecclesiastic's antecedent history, I discovered that, for years before this, he had exhibited con duct incompatible with the hypothesis of a mind whose equilibrium had been undisturbed : he had caused a number of valuable trees to be cut down on hie estate, without beiDg able to offer a sane justification for snch an outrageous proceeding : end hod actually disposed of a quantity of his patri monial acres, " and which " clearly he never would have parted with had" he been in anything resembling a condition of sanity.' Did be sell the land and timber below the market price? ' inquired Mr. Hardie, perking up, and exhibiting his first symptom of interest in the discussion. ' On that hoad, sir, my informant, his heir-at- law, gave me no information : nor did I enter into that class of detail; you naturally look at morbid phe- u uwamioiuiai neurit, one wo regard tnem medically ; and, all this time, most assiduously visiting the sick of his parish and preaching ad mirable sermons.' The next instance he gave was of a stockbroker suffering under general paralysis and a rooted idea that all th8 specie in the Bank of England was his and ministers in league with foreign government s to keep him out of it. ' Him,' said the doctor, ' I discovered to have been for years guilty of coDduot entirely incompatible with the hypothesis of un- disordered mental functions. He had accused hie domestics of peculation, and had initiated legal pro ceedings with a view of prosecuting in a court of law one of his oldest friends.' ' Whence you infer that, if my son has not for years been doing.cranky acts, he is not likely to bo deraDged at present.' This adroit twist of the argument rather sur prised Dr. Wycherley. However, he was at no loss to reply. 'It is not Insanity, but lhe Incubation of Insanity, which is suspected in your intelligent eon'e case : and the best eoursefor me will be to enumerate in general terms th8 several symptoms of ' the In cubation of Insanity:'" he concluded with some severity, 'after that, sir, I shall cease to intrude what I fear is an unwelcome conviction.' The Parent, whose lovity and cold reoeption of good tidings he had thus mildly, yet with due dig nity, rebuked, was a man of the world, and liked to msko friends, not enemies : so he took the hint, and made a very civil speech, assuring Dr. Wyoherley that, if he ventured to differ from him, he was none the less obliged by the kind interest he took in a comparative stranger : and would be very glad to hear all about the ' Incubation of Insanity.' . Dr. Wycherley bowed slightly, and complied. ' One diagnostic preliminary sign of abnormal cerebral action is Cephalalgia, or true osrebral head-, aohe s I mean persistent headache not accompanied by a furred tongue, or or indicia significant of ab dominal or renahdisorder as its origin.' Jane sighed. ' Ho baa sad headaches. ' The succeeding symptom is a morbid affection of sleep. Either the patient suffers from Insom nia; or else from Hypersomnia, which we sub divide into sopor, carus, and lethargus ; or thirdly from Kakosomnia, or a propensity to mere do in , and to all the morbid phenomena of dreams.' Pupa,' said Jane, 'Poor Alfred sleeps very badly : I hear him walking at all hours of the night. ' I thought so much,' said Dr. Wycherley, ' In somnia is the commonest feature. To resume ; qhe insidious advance or morbid thought is next marked by high spirits, or else by low spirits : generally the latter Tbe patient begins by moping, then shows great lassitude and ennui, then becomes abstracted, moody, and occupied ssith a solitary idea.' ' Jane clasped her bands, and the tears stood in her eyes; so jwell did this description tally with poor Alfred's case. " 'And at this perio,d' continued Dr. Whyoherley, 'my experience leads me to -believe that some latent delusion is generally germinating in the mind, though often concealed with consummate craft by tbe patio-f j the open development of this delusion is the Lext stage, and, with this lest morbid pheno menon, Incubation oeases and Insanity begins. Sometimes, however, the illusion is physical rather than psychical, of the lenoe ra' her than of tho in telligence. It commences at cijht ; the incubator begins by seeing nocturnal viiions, often of a pbotopsic character, or hearing nocturnal sounds, neither of which have any material existence, beiDg conveyed to his optio or auricular nerves not from without, but from within, by the agency of a dis ordered brain. These t he reason, hitherto unim paired, combats at first, especially when t-hey are nocturnal only ; hat being reproduced, and becom ing diurnal, the judgment succumbs under the morbid impression produced so repeatedly. These are the ordinary antecedent symptoms characteristic of the incubation of insanity; to which are fre quently added eomatio exaltation, or, in popular language, physical excit ability — adisposition to knit the brovs — great activity of the mental faculties— or else a well marked decline of the powers of tbe understanding — an exaggeration of the normal con ditions of thought — or a reversal of the mental habits and sentiments, such as a sudden aversion to some person hitherto bsloved, or some study -long rel-'sbed and pursued.' Jane asked leave to note these all down in her note -book. Mr. Hardie assented adroitly ; for he was think ing whether he could not sift some grain out of all this chaff. Should Alfred blab hit suspicions, here were two gentlemen who would tfc all events help him to throw ridhula on them. Dr. Wycherley having poMt-dy sided Jano Hardie to note down 'tho preliminary process of the Incu bation of disc derB of the Inteiioot,' r.-sumed : ' How, sir, your son appcan to be in a very inchoate stage of the malady; he has cerebral K-phslalgia and In somnia ' ' And, ob doctor,' said Jan., 'he knits bis brows often ; and has given up his studies ; won't go back to Oxford this term.' 'Exactly; and seeks isolation, and is a prey to morbid distraction and reverie ; but has no. palpable illarions, has ho ?' ' Hot that I know of,' said Mr. Hardie. Well but,' objected Jane, 'did not he say some thing to you very curious the other night ; about Captain Dodd and fourteen thousand pounds ?' Mr. Hardie's blood ran cold ; ' Ho,' he;stammered, ' not that I remember.' ' Oh yes he did, papa ; you have forgotten it ; but at the time you were quite puzzled what he could mean ; and you did so.' She put her finger to her forehead j and the doctors interchanged a meaning glance. 'I believe you are right, Jenny,' said Mr. Hardie, taking the cue so unexpectedly offered him; 'he did say s>:ne nonsense I could not make head ncr tail of ; b> t wo all have our crotchets : there, run away, like a good girl, and let me explain all this to our good friends here : and mind, not a word about it to Alfred.' When she was gone, he said, ' Gentlemen, my son is over head and ears in love, that is all.' ' Ay, Erotic monomania is a very ordinary phase of insanity,' said Dr. Wycherley. ' His unreasonable pasion for a girl he knows he can never marry makes him somewhat crotchety and oranky; that, and over-study, may have unhinged his mind a little ; suppose I send him abroad ? my good brother will find the means; or wo oould ad vance it him, I and the other trustees ; he couies into ten thousand pounds in a month or two.' The doctors exchanged a meaning look. They then dissuaded him earnestly from the idea of con tinental travel. ' Ccelum non animam mutant qui trans mare cur- runt,' said Wycherley, end Osmond explained that Alfred would brood abroad as well as at borne, if he went alone ; and Dr. Whyoherley summed up thus : 'The moeb advisable course is to give bim the benefit of tbe personal euperintendence of some skilful physician possessed of some means and ap pliances of every sorb for soothing and restraining the specific malady.' Mr. Hardie did not atifirsb see the exact purport of thie oleaginous periphrasis. Presently he caught a glimpie ; but said he thought confinement was hardly the thing to drive away melancholy. 'Hot in all respects,' replied Dr. Wyoherley.- ' but, on the other hand, a little gentle restraint is the safest way of effecting a disruption of the fatal associations that have engendered and tend to per petrate the disorder. Besides, the meaicinal ap pliances are invniuabie; including, as they do, the nocturnal and diurnal attendance of a Psycho-physi cal pbysiciaD, who knows the Psychosomatic rela tion of body and mind, and can apply physical remedies, of the effect of which on the physical in strument of intelligence, the grey matter of the brain, we have seen so many examples.' The good doctor then feelingly deplored the in humanity of parents and guardians in declining to subject their incubators" to opportune and aalutpry restraint under tho more than parental core of a Peyohosomatio physician. On this head he got quite warm, and inveighed against the abominable cruelty of the thing. 'It is contrary,' said he, ' to every principle of justice and humanity, that a fellow- creature, deranged perhaps only on one point, should for the want of early, attention of those, whose duty it is to watch over bim, linger oat bis existence separated from all who arc dear to him, and con demned without any crime to be prisoner for life.' Mr. Hardie was puzzled by this sentence, in which tho sDoaker's uousl method was reversed, and the thought wsB bigger than the words. On,' said he, at last, 'I see. We ought. to in carcerate our children to keep them from being in carcerated.' ' That is one way of putting it with a vengeance,' raid Mr. Osmond, staring. 'Ho, what my good friend moans ' Is this ; whore the patient is possessor of an income of such a charaoter as to enable his friends to show a sincere affection by anticipating tho con sequences of neglected morbid phenomena of the brain, there a lamentable want of humanity is ex hibited by the periatent refusal to tho patient, on the part of his relatives, of the incalculable advan tage of the authoritative advice of a competent physician, accompanied with the safeguards and pre ventives of ' But era the mellifluous pleonaet had done oil his paradox with fresh polysyllables, to make it slip into the Banker's narrow understanding, he met with a curious interruption. Jane Hardie fluttered in to say a man was at the door accusing himself of being deranged. ' How often this sort of coincidence occurs,' said Osmond philosophically. 'Do not refuse him, dear papa; it is not for money : he only wants yon to give him an order to go into a lunatic asylum." 'How, there is a sensible man,' said ;Dr. Wyoherley. 'Well, but,' objected Mr. Hardie, 'if he is a sensible man, wby does he want to go to an asylum P' ' Oh, they are all eensible at times,' observed Mr. Osmond. ' Singularly so,' said Dr. Wycherley, warmly. And he showed a desire to examine this paragon, who had the sense to know he was out of his souses. 'It would bs but kind of you, sir,' said Jane; 'poor, poor man !' She added, he did not like to come in, and would they mind just going out to him ? ' Oh, no, not in the least : especially?as you seem j interested in him.' . . " . ' And they all three rose, and- went out together, : and found the petitioner at the front door. f /Who . should it be, bub James Maxloy ! His beard was unshaven, his face haggard, and everything about h»m showed a man broken in spirit as well as fortune : even his voice had lost- half its vigour, and, whenever he had uttered a coc- sreutive sentence or two, his head dropped on his breast/ pitiably : indeed, this sometimes occurred in the middle of a eentenoe, and® then the refit of it died on his lips. Mr. Riohsrd Hardie was not -"prepared to" en counter one of his unhappy creditors thus pablioly, and, to shorten the annoyance, would have dis- : missed him roaghly : but he dared not ; for Max- ' ley was no longer alone, nor unfriended; when5 Jane left Bim, to intercede for him, a young man joined , bim, and was now comforting himwith'.kind words, and trjing to get him to smoke a cigar : and this good-heartod young gentleman, was' the Banker's eon in the flesh, and his opposite in spirit, Mr, Alfred Hardie. Finding these two in contact/the Doctors inter changed demurest glances. Mr. Hardie asked him sullenly what he'wanled of them. " — --i 'Well, sir,' said Mtxlcy, idespondiogly, Ijhuve been to all tbe other magistrates intta8',borough ; for what with losing my money, and what with losing my missus, I think I bsin't;!quite right in'my head ; I do see such curious things, enough to make a body's skin creep st times.' And down went his head on his ohest. ' Well P' said Mr. Hardie," peevi-bly : 'go on: you went to the magistrates, and.; what then?' Maxiey looked np, and seemed Jto/recover-the thread : ' Why they said " no," they couldn't ssnct ma to the 'eylum, not from home : bl must beja pauper first. So then my neighbours they 1 eaid I had bettor como to you.' Ana down went hie head again. 'Well but,' Eaid Mr. Hardio, ' yeu can't expect me Lo go against the other magistrates.' ' Woy not, sir ? You have had a hatful ©' money of me : the other gentlemen han't had a farthing. They owes me no service, but you does : nine hund red pounds worth if ye come to that.' There was no malice in this; it was a plain brokenhearted man's notion of give and take ; bat it was a home-thrust all tho same ; and Mr. Hardie was visibly discountenanced, and Alfred mors so. Mr. Osmond, to relieve a situation so nainful. asked Maxiey rathvr hastily what were the curious things ho saw. Maxiey shuddered. 'The unreasonable bsaits, sir, you ever saw or heard tell on : mostly snakes and dragons. Can't stoop my head to do no work, for them, sir. Bless your heart, if I was to leave you gentlemen now, and go and dig for five minutes in my. garden, they would seme about me as thiek as slugs on cabbage : why, 'twas but yerier'en I tried to hoe a bit, and up como the fearfullest great fiery sarpiot : scared me so I heaved my hoe and laid on un' properly : presently I esemed to come out of a sort of a kind of a red mist into the clear : and there laid my poor misius'e favourite hen ; I had been and killed her for a sarpint.!' He sighed : then, after a moment's pause, lowered his voice to a whisper, 'How suppose I was to go and take some poor Christian for one of these gre-at bioody dragons I do see at odd times, I might do him a mischief you know, and not mean him no harm neither. Oh dooes take and have me looked up, gentlemen, dooee now : tollee I ain't fit lo be about, my poor head is so mazed.' 'Well, well,' said Mr. Hardie, 'I'll'give you an order, for the Union.' ' What, make a pauper of me ?' 'I cannot help it,' said the magistrate : 'it is the routine; and it was settled at a, meeting of the bench last mouth that we must adhere to the rule as strictly as possible ; ths asylum is so full : and you koow, Maxiey, it is not as if you were dangerous.' 'That I be, sir : I don't know what I'm a looking at, or a doing. Would I ha' gone and killed' my poor 3uaan's lien if I hadn't a been beside myself ? and she in her grove, poor dear : no., not for untold gold: and I be fond of that too ; used to be how ever : but now I don't eoem to oare for money nor nothing else.' And his head dropped. ' Look here, Maxiey, old fellow,' said Alfred, sar castically, 'you must go to the werkhouse; and stay there till you hoe a pauper ; take him for a orocodile, and kill him'; then you will get into an asylum whether the Barkington magistrates like it or not : that ie the routine, I bsliere ; and as reasonable as most routine.' Dr. Wycherley admired Alfred for this, and whispered Mr. Osmond, how subtly they reason.' Mr. Hardie did not deign to answer bis son, who indeed had spoken at him, and not to him. As for poor Maxiey, he was in sad and sober earn est, and could not relish nor take in Alfred's irony : he lifted his head and looked Mr. Hardie ia the face. 'You be a hard man,' said ha, trembling with emotion. ' You robbed me and my missus of ouc ail, you ha' broke her heart, and turned my head, and if I was to co ne and kill you 'twould only be clearing scores. . 'Stead of that I comes to you like a lamb, and Bays give me your name on a bit of paper, and put me out of harm's wsy. " Ho," says you, " go to the workhouss !" Bs you in the work house P You that- owes me nine bandied pounds and my dead missus ?' With this ha went into a rage, took a packet out of . his pocket, and flung £900 of Mr. Hardie's paper at Mr. Hardia's head btfore any one cou'.d stop hitn. But Alfred saw his gamo, steppid forward, and caught it with one hand, and with the dexterity of a wicket-keeper, within a foot of his father's nose. ' How's that, Umpire ?' said he : then a little eternly, ' Don't do that again, Mr. Maxiey, or I shall jhave to give you a niding — to keep up ap pearances. He then put the notes in hia pocket, and 6aid quietly, ' I shall give you your money for fhoae, before lhe year onds.' 'Sou won't bequile so mad as that, I hope,' re monstrated his father. But he made no reply : they very seldom answered one. another now. ' Ob,' said Dr. Wycherley, inspecting him like a human curiosity, 'nullum magnum, ingeniam sine mixtura dementias.' ' Heo parvum sine mixtura stultitioe,' . retorted Alfred in a moment : and, met his gaze with a point- b'ank look of supercilious disdain. Then, having shut him up, ha turned to Osmond : Come,' said he, ' proscribe for this poor fellow, who asks for a hospital, so Routine gives him a workhouse: come, you know there is no limit to jour skill and good nature: you cured Spot of the worms, cure poor old Maxiey of his snakes ; oblige me.'. . 'That I will, Mr. Alfred,' said Osmond heartily ; and wrote a prescription on the leaf of his memo randum book, remarking that, though a simple pur gative, it had made short work of a great many ser pents and dragons, and not a few spectres and hob goblins into the bargain. The young gentleman thanked hitn graoiously, and said kindly jjto Maxiey, ' Get that made up — here's a guinea — and I'll send ecmebody to see how you are to-morrow. The poor man took tbe guinea, and tbe prescrip tion, and hie head drooped again, fand he slouched away. . ' Dr. Wyccerley remarked significantly that his conduct was worth imitating by air persons simi larly situated : and concluded oracularly : ' Prophy laxis is preferable to therapeusis.' Or; ns Person would say, "Prevention is better than cure." ' With this parting blow the Oxonian suddenly sauntered away, unconscious, it seemod of tbe ex istence of his companions. ' I never saw a plainer case of Incubation,' re marked Dr. Wyoherley with vast benevolence of manner. 'Maxley'sP' 'Oh, jno; that is parochial. It is. your pro foundly -interesting son I alludedf to. Did yon notice hia supercilious departure t And his morbid celerity of repartee.' Mr. Hardie replied with some little hesitation, ' Yea ; and, excuse me, I thought be bad rather the best of the battle with you.' ' Indubitably so,' replied Dr.' Wycherley ' they always do : at least such is my exporisnoo. If ever I breaka lence of wit with an incubator, I ealcu. late with confidence on being unhorsod with abnor-. oial rapidity ; and raro, indeed, are the instaooes in which my anticipations are not promptly and fully realised i by a similar rule of progression the inoii- J i — 3— — |B—g- bator is seldom a mateh<|for ths confirmed mand either in the light play of : iftrcMim, the esMntfid ions of wit, or Hie severer enoonnttfg «2 dMeeKrtfi ratioci nation.' 'Dear, dear, dear 1 Thsn how hi one |t» knew a gsniut from a madman ?' inquired Jane. ' By sending for a psychological physician.' - 'If I understand the doctor right, the frwo things are not opposed,' remarked Mr. Hardie. Dr. Wyoherley assented, and «-«e ajfemarkahlc statement ia confirmation ' Que <-.&lf; of the aggre gate of the genius e«f the country is at preient under restraint ; fortunately for the ooamftmty j and still mora fortunately for itself. He then put on his glovss, and, with tnaoh kind ness but solemnity, warned Mr. Hardie net to negleefc hiB eon's case, nor to suppose matters trenld go oa iiko tbis without ' disintegrating or disorgsidllng the grey matter of the brain. Jf admit,' said he, ' that in some recordedcases of insanity the brain on disseotion has revealed no signs ef structural ;or functional dsransement, and that, #a fib other hand, considerable enoephelie disuoganieation . has bsen shown to have existed in other eases without aberration or impairment of the reason : but suoh phenomena are to be considered es pathological curiosities, with whish the empiric would fain en deavour to disturb the sound general eenclusions of seicnce. The only safe mode of reasoning on matters «o delicate and profound is a priori : and# <as ife may safely be Msumed as a self-evident pvopeiitidn, that diatured intelligence bean the came relation ta the brain as disordered respiration be the lungs, it is not logical, reasoning a priori, to ettmtne the 'pos sibility that ths studious or other Mental habits of a Kephalslgic, and gifted, youth, can be reversed, and erotic .monomania geminate, with all lhe morbid phonomrnaot isolation, dejection of lhe spifife, d apnormsl exaltation of the powers of wit and zpfte- cination, without some considerable impairment, de rangement, disturbance, or modification, ef the pqf- ohicsl, mutoriil, and sensorial funeHo'ns of the geitsb cerebral ganglion. But it would be equally absurd to presuppose that these several functions can be disarranged for months, without more or list dis organisation of the medullary, en orea ef the eineri- tioue, matter of the enoephalen. $hsra?oE«— dto- section of your tslsnted son would doubtless toreal at this moment oilher sieabtomatouc or atheroma tous deposits in the cerebral blood-vcssals, er era su- cjatod abscess, probably of nofyerjr reeitafc origin, or, at the least, considerable isspissatisn, And opacity, of tho membranes ef the enetphaloB, or more or Ion pulpy disorganisation of one or other ef the hemis pheres of the brain : good morning I ' %-ewu UJUllUUg) Bib) aau r uUUUIIbUU lUv your friendly interest in my unhappy boy.' . Ths Psyeho-osrsbrnls took their departure (Pry- oho-oerebral for ' went away '), and left Jane Hsrdfie brimful of anxiety. Alfred was not there to dispose of tho tirade in two words, ' Retitio prisreipii,'. and so smoke on ; and, not being nn university woman, she could not keep her eye on the original assump tion while fallowing fee sories of inferences the learned dootor built so neatly, story by story, oa tbe foundation of the quicksand of a loose conjec ture. » 'How not !a'"word of this to Alfred,' said Mr. Hardie. I ehall propose him a little foreign tour, to amuse his miad.' ' Yes. but papa, if some serious change is rsal'y going on inside his poor head.' Mr, Hardie emtieci sarcastically. ' Don't'you s«8 that if 'the mind can wound the brain, the mind can cure it ?' Then, after a while, he said parentally, 1 My child, I must give you a lesson : men of the world use enthusiasts — like those tvo I have.juBt been drawing out — for their tools ; we ddn't let; thsm make tools of us. Osmond, yen. know, u jackal to an asylum in London ; Dr- Tfchsnfley, I have heard, kseps two or three sueh establishments by himself or his agents: blinded by sslf-interest, and that of their olique — what an egotistical world it is to be sure 1 — they would confine a mel&noholy; youth in a gloomy house, smeng afflicted persons, and give him nothing to do but brood ; add. so turn the scale against bis reason : but I have My children's interi at at hsart more than my own; I shall ssnd him abroad, c ' o amuvelhis- mind-with frosh objects, break off e.-.u - "tocistions, and reitore hitn to a brilliant corse?. 1 r>vr t on you to second me in iny little scheme for his g-sed.' 'That I will, papa.' 'Somehow, I don't know why, "lhe is coo'.iah' to me.' . ' ' He does not understood you, as I do, my- own papa.' 'But he is affectionate with 70U, I think.' ' Oh, yes, more than evor : trouble htfs drawn s closer. Papa, in feo midst ef our s«SRow, h»w mseh we have to bo thankful for to the Giver ef silfgood things I' , Yes, little angel: and you moot improve Heaven's goodness by working on your brother's affection, and persuading him to this continental tour.' Thus appealed to, Jfine promised, warmly ; and the mn of the world, finding he had a blind and willinr instrument in the one oraature'-he'Uoved, kissed her on the forehead, and told her to run away, for hero was Mr. Skmner, who, |noj.doult, wonted to speak on business. Skinner, who had in fact bsen holding mpeetfully aloof for some timo, eeme forward on Jane'e re tiring, and in a very obsequious tone requested a private interview. Mr. Hwdie led the way into fee little dining- room. Tboy vrsre no sooner alone than Skinnsr left off fawning, very abruptly; and put on a rugged resolute manner that was new to. him ' I am come for my commission,' said he sturdily.' Mr. Hardie looked »n inquiry. 'Ob, you don't know whit I mean, of course,' said the little clerk, almost brutally : ' I've waited, and wailed, to see if yen would have fee: decency, and the gratitude, and the honesty, to offer me a trifle out of It ; hut Uses I might wait, till dooms day bororo you would cvsr think of thinking of any body but yourself. So now shell oat without more words, of I'll blow the gaff.' The li ttle wretch rsieed his voice louder end louder at every sentence. 'Hush! hnsb ! Skinner,' f said 3Mr.'Hordie, anxiously, 'you are n»d«r some delusion. When did I" evor decline to recognise your services ? I always intended to make you a present, ajhandsome present.' , 'Then why didn't ye do it without. bswg forced? Gome, sir, you can't draw the wool ,07rir IJoah Skinner's eyes ; I have had you watched, and you are looking towards the U. 8., and that is toojbigja country for me to hunt you in. I'm not to be tnivd with : I'm not to bo palavered : give me a .thousand . pounds of It this moment, or I'll blow the whole concern, end yon olong with it.' ' A thousand pounds f !' « H ow look at that !' shriektd Skinner. ' Serves me ngtlfc lor DOu BBYmg BOTttU UUUU.9UU<U, 7 uav right have you to a shilling of it more than I have P If I had the luck to be a burglar's pal instead of a banker's, I should here half. Give it me this moment, or I'll go to Albion Vilia .andhave you took up for a thief ; as you are.' ' But I haven't got it on me.' ' That's a lie : you carry it where5 he did ; close to your heart : I can see it bulge : there, Job was a patient man, but his patience went at last. With taiB lie rail to trie Trxoaow anu wi row, iu Hardie entreated him to'fbe calm. ' I'll give it you, Skinner,' said he, 'and with pleasure, if you will give me. some security-rtbat youi will mot rturn round, as soon as you have got it, and be my enemy.' , , ' Enemy of a- gont that pays me a_thou9and pounds ? nonieneo ! Why should I ? W\i jit© in the same host: behave liken man/and _yoUtknow you have nothing to fear from me : but I wul Bob - —go halves in a theftj.for nothing : would you? Gome, how is it to be, peace or war P.. Will you he oontenfc with thirteen thousand pounds, that don't belong to you/not a shilling of it; or will you go, to gaol a felon, and lose it every penny V ... Mr. Hardie groaned aloud, bst there was no help for it. Skinnsr wos on sate : and must be bought. He took out two notes for five hundred pounds each, and laid them ongthe table/after taking their ; nnmbewfg. ; ....... ' f 5 ! hank/you/sir/ "said aaietiv'WI J® hl8 . pockefc' Then he said \- I'll iriiWa 0 kaeifcakenflthe numbers, air, ' 'BSrf,ine »e safe VgaiU T0UMe-0 eprjon iigh. HI" iaa \--'sOh, ib is diamond cot diamond. A single lihe -..'Bypjpst to say that in return ffor hist faith'fnl ?.-;c Jri haye.given Noah Skinner two notes tor v ,.-i>i;®?(K)rofl.l3LOS4 and 86.'| . . my kcart— on yourg'ivmg'me'a receipt -< \--' 'j<' It.waSjSkiuuer'j) turn to hesitate. After reflecting, f ho W0TO r,- onfall thelpossibl? consequences," ho saw. V Jr inothing to fear ; so he consented. .» ;3r. .; .Thej busines3,'coinplated)'"a "tnagio chanetoo .- . plaee in .the iitt e'clerk. 5 ''NoW-we are friendsjagain, : and I'lPgive yoii a "" //vW«e of advice; mind your eye with Mr. Alfred s \h«" is down on us.' ... ,yv : What do you mean ?' inquired Mr. Hardie, '.Sl-Rfiguiisu anxiety. .. . ' . you, sir. He met me this morning : and \- " 7® he to me, " Skinner, old boy, I want to speak ytt- He puts hiB hands on my shoulder, and v hie rouhd, and says he all at one time, " The i'l y.TririifteBn thousand pounds !" Youtaigbtlbrive -ftawked Jme down with a feather. And he looked ?. ihe through like a gimlet, mind "jo.f" Come now," \- "" ,.sys he, " jou see I know #11 s make a olean breast ..'d it." Soithen I saw he didn't know all, and.I — 1 brazshsd np a bit : told him I hadn't a notion what i-:; 'he_'fe'saTit. "Oh; jess 'I' did," be said, " Captain 7 ' Dodd'B fourteen thousand pounds 1 It' had passed through my hands." .Then I began to funk again at ; .y his finoi?ing;ibbat perhaps he : only guessed it after . allibutafc the time I thought he knew it; I jwas _. -v flustered, -ye see. But I said, " I'd look at the ! hooks ; but I didn't think hisde posit was': anything . ' dike that." "You little equivocating humbug," ' ::/sy.B'h'e : "arid which was better, to tell the truth 'atonceoad Jet Captain Dodd, who never did me ,.7.-/®®y harm, .have his own, or'hear it told to me in the :v ®oay kekP'|. tJjbie were his words, sir ; and they '„ . ,- ffikde ifiy bliop.ipun c()ld ; nd if hehad gone on at me like that, I should'have split, -I know I should: but he just sajd, "There, your face has given your tongue (he, 'lie': ,you haven't brains enough'to play 'the rogue." .Oh, | and another thing — he said he :;r ; wpnldh' fctalk to the sparrow-hawk any more, when insre was tne Kite nam oy : so cyitnat i guess your . turn is eoming, sir ; .co mind your eye. And then ' he turned bis book on me with a look at if I was eo much dirt. But Ididntmindth.it; I was glad to be shut of him at any price.' This intelligence discomposed Mr. Bardie ter ribly: it did away with all hope that Alfred meant to kesp his suspicions to himself. '' "Why did you M not. tell me this before?' said he reproachfully. '? Skinner's sharp visage seemed to sharpen1 "as -.1 he replied, 'Beoamel wanted a thousand pounds first.' -j ' Curse your low cunning !' j Skinner laughed. 'Good-bye, sir; take "care!of yourself and -I'll take care of mine. I'm afraid of 1 . - Mr. Alfred and fche etdne jug, so I'm off to London, I and there I'll- un-Skinner myself into Mr Something f or other, ind make my thousand pounds breed ten.' And he whipped'hiiti IsaviDg his master filled with \- rage and dismay. ' . 'Outwitted even by this little Wretch 1' j .. He was 'now accountable for fourteen thousand poundB, . and had only thirteen thousand left, if forced to reimbnrso; so that it was quite on the cards for him to lose a thousand pounds by robbing \- his neighbour and risking bis own immortal jewel ; this galled him to tho quick; and altogether his equable temper began, to give way; it bad already. . survived half the iron.ef his nerves. He walked up atii down the parlour chafing like an irritated lion. In which state of his mind the one enemy he how feared and hated walked quietly into the room, t andjjbcgged for a little serious conversation with ... him. - . .'It is like yonr effrontery/ said Mr.'Hardie : 1 wonder you arc not ashamed to -look your father in \- the face.' Having wronged nobody I can look anybody in Ike ffcee,' rsplied Alfred, looking him in the face , point-blank. \- " At this swift rejoinder, Mr. Hardie felt like a too eonfident swordsman, who, attacking in a passion, . i- n. suddenly receives a prick that shows him his antago- nist is not one to be trifled with. He was on his , guard directly, and said coldly, You have been belying me te my very clerk.' 'Ho, sir i yon are mistaken : I have never men- 1 r tsoned your name to your clerk.' \- Mr. Hardie reflected on what Skinner Had told Him. end fnnnd H had mada unnlhit- M<> mn.. ' ' " — — — MSWTUs j He tried ngom : ' Hor to the Dodds P' with an in- " credulous snesr. ' STor to the Dodds,' replied Alfred, calmly. : ' What, not to Miss Julia Dodd ?' r Ho, sir, I have sees her but one?, since — I dis- ... covered about the fourteen thousand pounds.' 'What fourteen thousand pouudi P' inquired Mr. . Hardie, innocently, j- 'What fourteen thousand pounds!' repeated the . young man disdainfully. Then suddenly turning on his father; with rrd brow and.flashing eyes: 'the fonrtesn thousand pounds Captain Dodd brought homo from India : the fourteen thousand pounds I heard him claim of you with curses : ay, miserable " "son, and miserable man thatl am, I heard imy own : father called villain ; and what did my father reply. ? . \ Did yon . hnrl the words back into your accuser's '/ throat ? , .Ho': you. wbiapeyedji Hush"! hush !, I'll bring' ifcyyou down,." . Qh/whata bell Shdme is if Mr/Hardfe turned "'pai'e, and almost sick: with ' these words of Alfred'# fled all hope of ever deceiv- \- inghim. 'There, there,' said. the young man, lowering his voice from rage to profound sorrow: ;I don't come here to quarrel with, my father, nor to insult him, God knows: and I entreat yon for both our sakes ; . . not t'otry my temper too hard by these childish at- v C-" tempts to blind. me: and, sir, pray dismiss from yonr mind th# notion that I have disclosed to any living soul my knowledge of' this horrible secret,': on \- : "the contrary, I have kept it gnawing my heart, and almost maddening me' at times. For my own per- gonal'satiifaolioQ I have applied a teBt both to yon >r;-; . and Skinner ; but that is all I have done: I have not told dear Julia, nor any of her family;' and . ' now, if yo.u will only listen to me, and do what I ; snireat you to do, she Will never know ; oh, never.' ' Oho !'' thought Mr. Hardie, 'he cotnso with .a tjr : -:i-Ha then- took, a-line well knpwnto artful men : be "encouraged Alfred to.„ show his hand maintaining a ?. r: . 4iSi£iplatB reserVe #s, to his ow.p : ' You. say yon did T-«!:f.-pTgoi;; -£'<i fitounicate your illusion aboiit:this fonrten : khonsand pduhdsf '-torlJnlia Dodd that iiight : may I V. asfcthen (without indircretion) what did pass between ; : - you two?' - - : ' ; ' 'I willtelLyon,.sir. .She s#w m'e standing. there, ; ? r afid asked me m her . own soft, angel. voice it j was Pi' unhappy. . Then ahe asked me, with Borne hesitat'Spn £ .' thought, why! wae unhappy. 'I said, because I; ....... - -conii:pqfc sac .the path of honour and duty, clear : .Vy.thkir,= at least, was the. purport. Then eho toidms '.V v V-hat in all difficulties she had that it was always the best way was to jpray to v;- - vG-od- to guide her; ana she begged me to .lay my j' ; -eaie- before Him, and ask His counsel. And then I ; thanked her, and bade her good night, and she me ; ind that was all that passed between tts . two ua- s happy lovers, whom you have made miserable ; and even cool to one another, but not hostile to yon. . zl-- vj'And you played the spy on us, sir ; and misuhder i;yw:.fafcood as; as spies generally do. Ab, sir! a few ironths ago you would not have condescended to \- - -"that? \- Mr. Hardie coloured, but did not reply. He had passed from tho irritable into the quietly vindictive stage. . ... Alfred then deprecated further discussion of what was past, and saiaabruptly : 'I hsveanoffer to make .' Iva :yoB f in a very short time I shsHhave ten thousand fv-v pounds ; I will not resign my whole fortune;1 that izi.iu'-. -would by unjust to myeslf, and my wife; and I loathe and dssoise Injustice in all its forms, however " — romantic'or plausible.- Bnt if you will give the Dodds ' r ! ;their5'H,£W; I wiU/share my little fortune equally : wi& you',- andV tbaflk ydn, and blera you. .Oon- \- aider, - sir, with your abilities and expedience five ' 'thousand pounds inay yet be the nucleus of & for-. : iiihe i a forShne built on an honourable; foundition. : i ' I know yon will thrive 'with my. five thousand pounds t»n timasYijora than with their fourteen thousand oJ blessings, a 'clear oon- . - . -science.- . , , ,, . !'irHoW?W-"tiffeir.w4a ;no7BOonw made than Mr Hardie Bhut his face, and went to mentaVarithmoiic, like one doing a sum' behind a thick .door. He would have tak?n ten thousand-: but five (houisnd did not much.tempt him ; besidor, would it be five thousand clear? He already owed Alfred two thousand five hundred. It flashed through; him that a young man who loathed and despised Injustice- even to himself — would not consent to be, diddled by 'him out of one sum while making him;a present of another ; and then there was Skinner's, thou sand to 'be; reimbursed. He therefore declined' in these terms: - - : . ' To is offer shows me you are sincere in thesa strange notiont you have taken up. I am aorry for t : it looks like insanity. These nootumal illusions, these imaginary sights and sounds, come of brood ing on a (ingle idea, and often usher in a calamity one trembles to think of. You have made m'e a proposal : I make you one : take a couple of hundred Sounds (I'll get it from your trustees) and travel the bntinent for four months ; enlarge and amuse your mind with the contemplation of nature and man ners and oustoms ; and if that does not clear this phantom £14,000 out of your head, 1 am miieh mistaken.' Alfred replied that foreign travel was his dream : but he could not leave Barkington while there was an act of justice to be done. Then do ine justice, boy/ said Mr. Hardie, with wonderfal dignity, ail things considered, ' Instead of brooding on yonr one fantastical ides, and shut ting out all rational evidence to the contrary, tbke the trouble to look through my books! and they willreTeal a fortune to you, not of fonrtesn thou sand, but of eighty thousand pounds, honourably sacrificed in a vain - struggle to fulfil my engage ments : who, do you think, will believe;. against such evidence', the preposterous tale you concocted against your poor father ? Already the tide is turning, and all, who have seen the accounts of the Bank, pity me ; they will pity mestillmoreif everthey hear that my own flesh and blood insu>ts me in the moment of my fall ; see me ruined by my honesty, and liviDg n a hovel, yet comes into that poor but honeefc abode, and stabs me to the heart by accasihg.me of stealing fourteen thousand pounds: a sum that would nave saved me, if I could only have laid iny hands on it.' He hid his face to conceal ill incongruous ex pression : and heaved a deep sigh . Alfred turnad his head away and groantd. After a while he rose from his seat and went to tbe door; but seamed! reluctant to go : he oast a lqngir.g, lingering iooe- at hib racner, ana saia Be seechingly : ' Oh think ! you are not my flesh and blood more than I am yourB ; is all the love to be on my side P have I no influence even when right is on my side?' Then be suddenly turned and threw himeelf impetuously on his knees ; 'Your father was the soul of honour ; your son loathed fraud and injustice from his cradle ; yon stand between two generations of Hardies, and belong tb neither ; do but reflect one moment how bright a thing honour is, how short and uncertain a thing life is, how sure a thing retribution is, in this world or the next : it is your guardian angel that kneela before you now, and not your son : oh, for Christ's sake, for my mother's sake, listen to my last appeal. You don't know me: I cannot compound with injustice. Pity me, pity her I love, pity yourself 1' ' xou young viper !' cried 'the father, Btungiwilh remorse but not touched with penitence. ' Get away, you amorous voung hypocrite : get out of my house, get out of my sight, or I shall sparn you and curse you at my feet.' . Enough,' said Alfred, rising and taming sud denly calm as a statue : ' let us be gentlemen if you please, even though we must be enemies. Good-bye, my father that wee.' And he walked gently out of the room/and, as he passed the window Mr. Hardie beard his great heart sob. He wiped his forehead with his handkerchie?. ' A hard tussle,' thought he, ' and with my own un natural, ungrateful flesh and blood : but I have won it t he hain't told the Dodds ; he never will : and, if he did, who would believe him, or them ?' As dinner thus was no Alfred ; bat after dinner a note to Jane informing her he had taken lodgings in the town, and requesting her to send his books and clothes in the evening. Jane handed the note to her father: and sighed deeply. Watohing his face as he read it, she saw him tarn rather pale, and look more furrowed than ever. ' Papa 1' said she," ' what does it all mean ?' 'Iam thinking.' " - Then, after a long pahee, he ground his teeth and said, 'It means War: War between my own son and me.' CHAPTFB XXYI. . Tinnff Hfifnre t.His onan mntura .Tana Hardie Had asked her father Borrowf nlly, whether she was ;to discontinue her intimaoy with tbe Dodds: she thought of course he would say ' Yes ; ' and it cost her a hard struggle between inclination and filial duty to raise the question. Bnt Mr. Hardie ;was anxious her friendship with that family shduld con tinue ; it furnished the channel of news, and in case of detection might be useful to advert or soften hostilities ; she has answered rather sharply, ' On no account: the DoddB are an estimable family : praj be as friendly with them as ever you" can. ' Jane colorued with pleasure at this most unexpected reply : but her wakeful conscience reminded her this answer was given in ignorance of her attachment to Edward Dodd ; and urged her to confession.; But at that Nature recoiled : Ed ward had : not openly declared.his love to her so modest pride, as": well as modest shame, combined with female co wardice to hold back the avowal. So then Mies Tender- Conscience tormented her self ; and ireoorde d the struggle in her diary ; but briefly, and in terms vague and typical ; not a word about ' a young man ' — or ' crossed in love '—but one obscure and hasty slap at the carnal affections, and a good deal about 'the saints in prison/ and ' the battle of Armageddon.' Yet, to do her justice, laxity of expression, did not act upon her conduct and warp that, as it does moat mystical speakers.' To obey her father to the' letter, shb maintained afriendly correspondence with Julia Dodd, exchang ing letters daily : but, not to disobey him in the spirit, she ceased to visit Albion Villa. Thus' she avoided Edward, and extracted from the situation the utmost self-denial, and the least possible amount of 'carnal pleasure,' as she naively denominated. an interchange of worldly affection, however distant and respectful. One day she happened to mention her diary, and say it was a present Comfort to her, and instructive to review. J alia, catching at every straw of con solation, said she would keep one too, and asked a sight of Jane's for a model. ' Ho' dear friend,' said Jane : ' a diary should be one's self on paper.' This was fortunate : it precluded that servile imitation, in which her sex excels even mine ;: and consequently the two records reflect two good girls, instead of 'ons in two skins ; and may.be trusted to conduct this narrative forward, and relieve its mbnotony a little: only of course the reader must not expect to see the plot of a story carried minutely out in two crude compositions written with an, object so distinct: he must watch for glimpses and make the most of indications. Nor is this an excesr sive demand upon his intelligence ; for, if he can not do this with a book, how will he do it in real life, where male and female characters reveal their true selves by glimpses only, and the gravest and moBt dramatic events give the diviner so few and faint signs of their coming ? Extracts from Julia Dodd's Diary : ' Dec. 5th. It is all over ; they have taken papa away to an asylnm : and the bouse is like a grave, but for our outbursts of sorrow. Just before he, went away the medal came— oh no, I cannot. Poor, poor mamma 1 . 8 p jr. In the midst of our affliction Heaven sent us a fay of eomfort ; the kindest letter from a Isdy, a perfect stranger. It cam9 yesterday ; bat now I have got it to copy : oh, blesa it; and the good, kind writer. ' . Dbab Madam, I scarcely know whether tb hope or to: fear that your good hnsband may have mentioned may name to you, however, he is just the man tb ' pass over both my misbehaviour and bis own gallantry ; 60 I beg permission to introduce myself. I and my littl« boy W»re passengers by the Agra; II was spoiled by a long residence in India,' and gave your hnsband sore trouble by resisting dicoipline, refusing to put out my light at nine o'clock, and in short by being an unreasonable woman, or rather a spoiled child. Well, all my little attempts at a fend f ailed ; Captain Dodd did hiB duty, and kept his -temper provokingly : the only revenga he toot was a noble one ; he juerpad into the sea after my darling Freddy, and saved him from a watery grave, and his mother from madness or death ; yet, he was himself hardly reoovered from; a wound he had received in defending us all against, pirates.: Need I say mbre to one who is ; herself a mother? You will know bow our little misunderstsnding ended after that. As soon- as we were friends I made bim talk of biB -family ; yourself, Edward, Julia, I seem to -know you .all.. When the ruffian, .who succeeded ourgood captain, had wrecked poor us, and then deserted us, your husband resumed ttie command, and saved- Freddy and me once more by his courage, -his wonderful coolness, and bis skill. Sinoer then the mouse has been at work for tbe lion : I despair of conveying and pleasure by it to a oharacter so elevated as Cap tain Dodd ; his reward must be bis own eonsoisncer; but we poor little women like external shows, do we not? aue so I thought a medal of the Humane 8ooiety might give some pleasure to yon and Miss Dodd. Never did medal; nor order repose oh la nobler heart. The case was so strong, and sc/well supported, that the society did not hesitate,: and you will receive it very soon after this. You will be surprised, dear madam, st aUJthis from a stranger to yourself, and will perhaps eet it down to a wish to intrude on your acquaintance. Well theo, dear madam, you- will nob be far wrong,. I should like much to know one, whose character I already sesm acquainted with ; and to convey personally my gratitude and admiration of your husband ; I could pour it out more freely to yon, you know, than to him. I am, . . i'-" Dear Madam, '7 --/ Yours very faithfully Louisa Bbbbspobd. And the medal came about an hour before the' fly to take him away. His dear name was on it, and his brave courageous acta. Oh, shall I ever be old enough and hard enough to speak of this without stopping to cry f We fastened it round his deir neck with a ribbon. Mamma would pat it inside his clothes for fear the silver should tempt some wretch. I should never have thought of that : is there a creature to babe? And we told the men how he had gained it (they were servants of the asylum), and we showed tbem bow brave and good he was, and would be again if they would be kind to him and cure him. And oamma bribed them with money to UBe him kindly : i t.Vintiahh f.Viow crniilri ia i\n rafllirA- ih but they took it, and their faces showed she was wiser than I am. He keeps away from us too. It is nearly a fortnight ow.' 'Dec. 7th. Aunt Eve left to- day. Mamma Kept her room and could not speak to her. It does seem strange thai any one bnt memma should be able to send papa out of the house, and to such a place ; but it is the law : and Edward; who is all good sense, says it was necessary ; he: says mamma is unjust : grief makes her unreasonable. I don't know who is: in the right : rmd I don't much care : but I know Iam iorry for Aunt Eve, and Tery, very sorry for- mamma.' Dec. 8th. I am an egotist: found myself out this morning and it is a good thing to keep a diary. Il -wns overpowered at first by grief for mamma ; but now the house is sad and quiet I am always thinking of him ; and that is egotism. - Why does he stay away so ? I almost wish I could think it was coldness or diminished affection ; for I fear something worse ; something to make him wretched. Those dreadful words papa spoke before he was afflicted 1 words I will never put on paper ; but they ring in my ear# still ; they appal me : and then found at their very door J. Ah, and I knew I should find him near that house. And now he keeps away.' 'Dec. :9th. All day trying to comfort mamma. She made a great, effort and wrote to Mrs. Boresford.' Poor Mamma's Letter 'Deab Madam, ' Your kind and valued letter reached us in deep affliction : and I am little able to-reply to you as you deserve. My poor husband is very ill ; ro ill1 that he no longer remembers the past, neither the brave acts that have won him your esteem, nor even the face of his loving and unhappy wife, who now thanks you with many tears for yoar sweet letter. Heartbroken as my children and I are, W3 yet derive some consolation from it: We have tied the medal round his neck, madam, and thank you far more than we can find words to express. , ; In conclusion, I prav Heaven that, ih yodr bit terest hour, you may find the consolation yon have administered to us : no, no, I pray yon may never, never, stand in such need of comfort. I. am, Dear Madam, - Yours grateful and sincerlv, Luoi Dodd.' 'Dee. 10th, Sunday. At St. Anne's in the morning. Tried hard to apply the sermon. He spoke of griefs, bub so coldly ; surely he never felt one : he was not there. Mem.: always pray against wandering thoughts on entering church.' Deo. 11th, A diary is a dreadful thing. Every thing must go down now, and, amongst the rest, that the poor are selflih. I could not interest one of mine in mamma's sorrows no they must run back to tbeir own little sordid troubles, about money and things. I was so provoked with Mri. Jackson (she owes mamma so much) that I left her hastily : and that was Impatience. I had a mind to go back to her ; but would not ; and that was Pride. Where is my Christianity ? A kind letter from Jane Hardie. Bnt no word of him.' ' Deo. 12th. To-day Edward told . me plumpl I must not go on takiag things out of the bouse for the poor; mamma gave me the reason. 'We are poor ourselves, thanks to— ' And then she. stop ped. Doss she suspect? How can she? She did not hear those two dreadful words of papa's ? They are like two arrows in my heart.' And so we are poor : she says we havs scarcely anything to : live upon after paying tho two hundred and fifty pounds a year for paps.' Dec. 13th. A comforting letter from Jane. She sends me Hebrews xii 11, and says, ' Let us take a part of the Bible, add read two chapters, prayerfully, at the same hour of the day : will ten o'clock in the morning suit you ? and, if so, will you'choose where to begin?' I will, sweet friend, I will: and then, though Borne cruel mystery keeps us apart, our souls .will be togethsr over the sacred page, as I'hope they will one day be together in heaven ; yours will at any rate Wrote back, yes, and a thousand thanks, and should like lo begin with the Psalms they are sorrowful, and so are we. And I must prky not to think too much of him. If everything is to be put down one does, I cried: long and bitterly to find I had written that I must pray to God against him. , 'Dec. 14th. It is plain he never means to come, again. Mamma says nothing, but that |9 out cf pity for me ; I have not read her dear face dU these years for nothing. She. is beginning to think | him unworthy, when she thinks of him at all. There is a mystery ; a dreadful mystery : may he notYbe aa- myatified too, and perhaps, tortured like me with: doubts and suspicions ? they say he is pale 'and dejected. Poor thing !' Bub then oh why not come; to me and say bo? ShallT write to him?- No,"! will out my hand off sooner.' ' Dec. 16. 1 A blessad letter from Jane. She : says. ' Letter writing on ordinary subjects is a sad waste of time and very unpardonable among His people.' And so it is ; and my weak nope, daily diaappointed, that- thera may by something iu" her letter, 'only 6hows how inferior I am to my beloved friend. She says-' I should like to fix another hour for us two to meet at the Throne together ; will five o'dlock suit you ? we dine at six.: bub I am never more than balf: au hour dressing.' I ' The friendship of this saint, and her bright- example, is what Heaven sends mo in infinite mercy and goodnsss so sootho my aching heart a little : for him I shall never see again. I have seen him this very evening. It wsb a beatiful night : I went to look at-r-lhe world to come I call it— for I believe the redeemed are to inhabit those very stars hereafter, and j visit- them all: in turn — and this world I now )find is a world of sorrow and disappointment— so I went,ob the balcony to look at a better one ; and qh it seemed so holy, so calm, bo pure, that heavenly world; I gazed and stretched my hands towards it for ever so little of its holiness and purity ; and,: that moment, I heard a sigh. I looked, and there stood a gentleman just outside our gate, and it was him: I nearly screamed, ami my heart beat to. -He did- nofc see me ; for I come oat softly, and his. poor head -was -down, down upon his breast.; aud he. us&clrtQ.; arrv it so high, a little, little, .while ago ; too high some said;; but not I. I lookqd, and misgivings melted "way ; it flashed oh me as if one of those stars had written it.yritb. its. own light in my heart f rPUawA aionrla Awinf nrth Aflfl llfifoYS T knewwbat I'was -about; Lhad'.? whispered ' Alfred 1'5 Tbe poor boy starfced aud ran towards me : but stopped short and sighedjjgain... My heart yearnqd '; but it was not -for me to make advances to him, after his unkicdness ;. so I spoke to -him as eoldlyi sis' over I could; and I said, ' You, are unhappy.', , He. looked up to me, and then I saw even by. that, light that he is "enduring a bitter, bitter struggle ; ao;. pale," so. worn, so ."dragged 1-J— Now how many times have i'.cried, this last month ? more than in; all the rest of" iny life a. great deal. — 'Unhappyl'ihe said ; 'I rnuib" bs a contemptible thing if I 'was nob unhappy.' And then he asked , me should, not I| despise,, him if; he was happy. I did not answer that; but I asked him why he was unhappy. And when.I had, I was" half frightened ; for" he never evaded a question the least bit. \- .He held hia head higher still, and said, 'I am un happy because I cannot see the path of, honour.' Then I babbled something, I forget what ; = then jhe went bh.like this — ah, I never forget what he say 6— he. said Cicero aaya ASquitas ipia lucet per se I'some-.. thing significat something else ; and he repeated it slowly for me, he knows I know a little Latin ; and told ine that was. as much as to say ' Justice is so oleair a thing, that whoever hesitates must be ;on the road of wrong. And yet,' he said bitterly, 1 1 hesitate and doubt, in a matter of right and wrong, like an Academic philosopher weighing and balanotng -mere speculative straws.' Those were hia very Jwords. _ ' and so, said he, I am miserable ; deserv- ing to-be miBorable.' . ' : Then I ventured' to remind him that he, and I, and all Christian souls, had a resonree not known to heathen philosophers, however able. And I said; 'Dear Alfred, when I am in doubt and difficulty, I goand prayto him to guide me aright; have you done so?' No, that had never oo'urred to him : but he would, if I made a point of it : and at any rate he could not go on in this way ; I should soon see him again, and, onoe his inind was made up, no shrinking from mere oonssquenees, he promised me. Then we bade one another good night, and he went off Holding his head as proudly as he uied : and poor silly me fluttered, and nearly hysterical, as soon as I quite lost Bight of him.' 'Dec. 17th. At church in the morning; a good sermon. Notes and analysis. In the evening Tao'o /ilnMffwmin nwaopliorl .Qha no rvt a fl-niTlff ntlf. I Baked her a question about what we had heard ; but she did not answer me. At patting she told me she made it a rule not to sp9ak coming from church, not even about tbe srrmon. This seemed austere to poor me- But of course she is right. -Oh, that I wss like her.' . ' Deo. 18th. Edward is coming out. This boy, that one has taught all the French, all the dancing, and nearly all the Latin he knows, turns out to be oae's superior infinitely ; I mean in practical good sense. -Mamma had taken her pearls to the jeweller and borrowed two hundred pounds. He found this out and; objeoted. She told him a part of it was re quired to keep him at Oxford. ' Oh indeed,' said he ; and we thought of course there was an end : but next morning he was off before breskfast, and the day after he returned from Oxford vritii his caution money, forty pounds, gave it mamma ; she had forgotten all about it. And he had taken his name off the college books and left the university forever. The poor, gsntle, tears of mortificaeion ran-'down his mother's cheeks, and I hung round her neck, and scolded him like a vixen ; as I am. i We might have spared tears and fury both, for he is neither to be melted nor irritated by poor little ui. He kissed us and coaxed us like a superior bring, and set to work in his quiet, sober, ponderons; way, and proved us a coupie of fools to our' entiro sstis- faction, and that without an unkind word ; for ho is es gontle at a lamb, and as strong as ten thousand elephants. He took the money back and brought the pearls home again, and he. has written 'Soyez de votre Sieole' in great large letters, and has pasted it on all our three bed-room door r, inside. - And he baa- been all theie years quietly cutting up the ' Morning Advertiser,' and arranging the slips with wondorful skill and method. He calls it ' digesting the ' Tiser !'"irid you can't ask for any modern in formation, great or small, but he'll find you some thing about in this digest. Such a folio ! "It 'takes a- man to open-and shut it. And he means to be a sort of little -papa in this house, and mamma means to let him. Arid indeed it is so Btveet to be com manded besides, it saves thinking for oneself; and that is such a worry.' : Dec. 19th.; Yes, they have settled it; we are to leave here, and live in lodgings to save servants. How we are to exist even so, mamma cannot see ; but Edward can. he ssvs wa two have ceiti nnnnlnr talents, and he knows the markets (what does that imean, I. wonder), and tho world in general.;; I aiked him whrrever he picked it up, his knowledge ; he said," ' in the 'Tiser.' I asked bim would he leave the place- where- sbe live. He looked sad, but said, .' Yes ; for the good of us all.' So he ia better than I am ; but who is not? I wasted an imploring look on bim, but not on mamma ; she looked back to me, and then said sadly, ' Wait a few dayv,: Ed ward. for— my sake.' That meant for poor credu- ous Julia's, who still believes in him. My sweet mother!' Dec. 2lst. Told mamma to-day I would go for a governess, to help her, since we are all ruined: She kjssed me and trembled ; but she did not say 'No ; so it will come to that.' He will be sorry. ' When I da go I think I shall find courage to send him a line : just to say I am Bure he is not to blame for withdrawing. Indeed, how could I ever marry a man whose father I have heard my father call — — ' (the pen was drawn through the resf). 'Dee. 22nd. A miserable day : low spirited and hysterical. - We are really going away. Edward \- has-begun to make packing-cases : I stood over him and sighed, and asked him questions : he said he was goiDg to take unfuroished rooms in London, send up what' furniture is absolutely necessary, and sell the rest by auction, with the lease of our dear, dear hons?, where we were all so happy once. So, what with his ' knowledgo of the markets, and his sense, and hiB strGng will, we have only to submit--. And then he is so kind, too : ' Don't cry, little girl,' he said. . ' Not but what I could turn on the- waters myself' if tbere was anything to be gained by it. 8hall I ory, J u,' said he, ' or shall I whistle ? I think" I'll whistle.' And be whistled a tune right through while he worked with a heart ai sick as my own, per haps. : Poor Edward !' .'Deo. 23rd- My Christian friend has her griefs too. But then sbe puts them to profit "she says to-day,' We am both-tasting the same flesh- eruei- fyirig bnt soul profiting experience.' Her : every word is a rebuke to me : torn at this eolemns soason of the year with earthly passions. Went down after reading her latter, and played and sang the Gloria in exoelsis of Pergolesi, with all my soul. So then I repeated it, and burs'- out crying in the mid dle.- Oh, 8hame !: shame !' 1 . k I'Dec. 24th. Edward started for. London atfive in. thqiporniog to take a place for us. The servants were next told, and received warning -uthe. one we had the pboreit opinion of, she, is such a flirt, cried and begged mamma to let her- share our fallen; for tunes, and said she could cook a little and would do hrr best. I kissed her violently, and quite forgot Iwas a young lady till she herself reminded me; and sv# looked frighteded at mamma. But mamma only smiled through her tears and said, 1 Thinkjof it quietly, Sarah, before you commit yourself.-' . 4 I am now sitting in my old room, cold as a stone : for I have packed up some- things : ao the first step is actually taken. Oh; if I bub knew that ho wss happy 1 ThenT could endure' anything. But bow can I think so ? Well, twill go;:and never tell a soul what I suspect, and he cannot' tell, even if he knows for it is his father. J ane, too, avoids all men tion of her own father and brother more tbau is natural. ; Ob, if I could only; be a child again 1. Begrete ere vain; I will eesBe- even to record them ; these diaries feed one's; selfiBhnes?, and .the unfortunate passion, that-' will n aSe mb a! bad' daughter and ungrateful- soldier of Him who was born as to-morrow : to your knees, . false Christim ! Jto your knees!" . -. 'I am calmer now; and feel resigned to the) Will of Heaven ; or -benumbed ; or aomething. A will pack this box and then go down and comfort iny mother; arid visit my poor psople, perhaps for the last time : "ah me! A knock at the street door 1 his knock ever / echo of his hand and his foot.. W here' is my composure now ? I flutter like a bird. I will not go down. He will think I love -him so. At lbast I "will wait till he Had nearly gone. . Elizabeth has come ta -say I am wanted in the drawing-room. r. Sol must go down whetherjl like or no.' Bedtime. Oh that I had the pen of a writer, to 'record the scone I have witnessed,'- worthily. When I came id, I fcJuud him and mamma seated : in dead silence: 'He rose and looked ab me- and.;! at him : and years seemed to Have rolled over hie face since last t bawit ; I was obliged to turn my !,head away ; I purtseyed to him distantly, and may : Hea ven forgive me for that :'and.we sat down, and .pre sently turned round and all looked at one another- like the ghosts of "the happy craaturos .we once were altogether: - J - Then- Alfred began, not in his old imperative voice, bub scarce above a whisper; andoh the words such as none but himself in the wide world would have spoken — I love him better than ever ; I pity him ; I : adore him; be is a scholar;; he is a chevalier; he is. the soul of honour; he. is the: most unfortunate apd . proudest gentleman beneath the sun ;, oh, niy ...dir. ling 1 my darling 1 1 He said, ' Mrs. Dodd, and yon Miss Dodd, whom I loved before I lost the right to. aik you to be mine, and whom I shall love to the iast hour, of my miserable exisfcenee. I am come to explain my own cunduet to you, and to do yon an act of simple justice, too long delayed. , To begin with myself, : you mustkuow that ray understanding is of the Academio School : I incline to weigh proofs before I maae up my mind. But then I differ from that; school in this, that I cannot think .myself to an eter-. nal standstill (such an expression-! but what does - that matter, it was hi») ; I .am a man of aciiou :;in Hamlet's place I should have either turned my ghost into ridicule, or my unole into a ghost so I keep away from you while iu doubt, but now I doubtlno longer. I take my line : ladies, you have been swind led out of a large sum of money.' My blobn ran eold at these words. Surely noth ing on earth but a man oould say this right out like that. ' Mamma and I looked at one another ; and what did I se# iri her face for the first time? Why that she had her suspicions too,' and had beeo keeping them from me. Pitying aDgel ! He went on: 'Captain Dodd brought home several thousand pounds?' Mammaseid ' Y»s.' And I think she was going to say how much, but he stopped her and made her wi-it-.n fliR nmnnnt in an flnvelorie. while ho took an- other and wrote in it with his pencil; he took both envelopes to me, and aiked me to read them out- in turn: I did,. and mamma's .said fourteen thousand pounds : and his' said feurboen thousand pounds. Mamma looked such a look at me.: Then he turned to me : ' Miss Dodd, do you re member that night we met at Bichard Hardie's door ? Well, scarce five minutes before that, your father was standing on oar lawn aod called to the man who w#s my father, in a loud voice — it rings in-, my ears now — "Hurdle 1 Villain ! give me back my money, my fourteen thousand pounds! give me my children's money or may your children die before your eyee.' Ah, you -wince to hear me whisper these dreadful wordi : -what, if you had been where I was and heard them spoken, and in a terrible voice ; the voice of despair ; the voice the voice of truth 1 Soon a window opened cauti ously and a voice whispered 'Hush! I'll bring it you down." And this voice was the voice of fear, of dishonesty, and of Richard Hardie.' He turned deadly white when he said this, and I cried to mamma, ' Oh, stop him 1 stop him 1' Arid rihe said, ' Alfred; think what you are saying. Why d» you tell-ub what we hod better never know ?' He answered directly, -"'Because itis the truth rand because I loathe injus tice. Sometime afterwards I taxed to Mr. Bichard Hardie with this fourteen thouiand pounds : and his face betrayed him. I taxed his clerk,- S kiuner : and 8kinner's face betrayed him : and he fled the town that very night.' My iriothsr looked much distressed and said, 'To what end do you raise this pitiable subject? Your father is a bankrupt, and we but suffer with : the rest.' 'No, no,' said be, 'I have looked tarougb the bankrupt's booki, and there is no mention of the sum.. And then who brought Captain Dodd hrre ? Skinner ? arid Skinner is hia detected confederate, it is clear that poor Captain Dodd trusted that sum tn us before he had the fit : beyond that all is con jecture.' Mamma looked at me again, and said. 'What am T to do ; or say ?' ' I screamed, 'Do nothihg, say nothiag: oh pray, pray make him hold his tongue, and let the vile money go. It is not his fault.' Do?' said the obstinate creature : ' whv tell Edward, and let him employ a sharp attorney : you. have a supple antagonist, and a dsriug one. Need I say I have tried porstasion, and even bribes : but he defies, me. Set an attorney on hiin ; or the police, ' Fiat Juititia, ruat coslum.' I put both bauds, out to him and burst out, 'Oh, Alfred, why did you tell? A son expose his own father ? For shame ; for ehame ! I have suspected it long ago : but I would never have told.' He started a little ; but said, ' Miss Dodd, you were generous to me ; but; that is no reason why I should be a cur to you; and an accomplice in a theft by which you Buffer. I have no preteusisns to religion like my sister : so I can't offord to tamper with plain wright and wrong. What, look calmly on and see one man defraud another ? I can't do it, See you defrauded, ? you Mrs. Dodd, for whom I profess friendship and effeotiori ? You, Miss Dodd for whom I profess love and constancy ? Stand 3nd see y oil swindled into poverty? . Of wbab do'you think I am made? Mv stomach rises agsinst it-, my blood boils against it, toy flesh creeps at it, my soul, loathes it;' then after this great burst be turned so feeble : ' Oh,' arid be, faltering, 'I know what I have done ; I have signed the death warrant of our love, dear to me as life. But I can't help it. Oh, Julia, Juli3, my lost love, you em never look on me again ; yon must not love a man you cannot marry, Oheat Hardie's wretched son. But what could I do ? . Fate offers me" but tho miserable choice of desolation orjeowardly rascality. I choose deiolatiou, : And I mean to stand by my choice like a man. So good- bye, ladieB.' The poor proud creature rose from his seat, and bowed stiffly and haughtily to us both, and was going away without another word, and, I do believe; for ever. But bis eou! hid been too great for his body ; his poor lips turned pale, and he staggered ; and- would have fallen, but mamma screamed to me,; and she he loves ao dearly,' and abandons so cruelly,' woke from a stupor of despair, and flew and caught him faintiDg in these arms. . To bb continued. 