REVIEW. "» The Curse of Cobden, or John Bull v. John Bright. By J. BUOKINQHAM Poro, Barrister-at-Law. Second edition. William Blackwood and Sons, Edinburgh and London. 1886. As it has always been the policy of this journal, while maintaining the soundness of' a fiscal system based on the principles of free trade, to give both sides of the question as far as possible, we do not hesitate to bring under the notice of our readers one of the most ingenious arguments on the subject that have appeared of late years, The title of the book sufficiently indicates the nature of the author's views. He is an un- compromising opponent of free trade, to the operation of which he attributes, among other evils, the depression that has prevailed in England since 1874. Not the least of his merits will be found in the fact that he has contented himself with 58 pages for the expansion of his ideas and having given them with considerable ; point and freshness, the reader will not be wearied by a glance at his pages. . Mr. Pope takes as his starting point the often quoted passage in one of Cobden's speeches, in which he predicted that if England adopted free trade, there would not be a tariff in Europe that would not be changed in less than five years, to follow her example. The immense development of English trade and commerce which followed soon after the adoption of free trade is represented as having been entirely the result of the railway system, which was introduced about the same time. The English people, however, who had blindly accepted Cobden as their prophet, chose to ignore the railways as a factor in the calculation, and attributed their prosperity to the commercial principles which he had expounded under the name of free trade. But foreign nations, who were under no delusion as regards , Cobden's principles, did not make the same mistake. They saw the cause of English prosperity in the establishment of her railway system, and while prudently resolving to avail themselves of the great invention, they also determined to have nothing to do with Cobden's nostrum. Accordingly they set to work to build their own railways, and at the same time they not only adhered to their protective policy as an article of national faith, but they went a a good deal further. The more that England did to lesson the restrictions on the importation of foreign goods, the more they did to increase them ; so that, while England found herself compelled to levy direct taxes in order to make up for the indirect revenue she had sacrificed at the Custom House, foreign nations not only obtained a large revenue through the Customs, but at the same time enabled their own manufacturers to undersell their English competitors, even in their own markets. . This line of argument is developed in two dialogues between a foreigner and a Cobdenito, and also in an allegorical narrative. In the latter, John Bull figures as the owner of an island estate, which, under the mistaken guidance of Cobden and Bright, has been dragged down from a state of abundant prosperity to one of severe distress, Bull's mind is sorely perplexed at this unfortunate result ; but his despondency is- soothed by the sudden appearance of Cobden's ghost. In the course of an eloquent address, in which he loudly protested against being held responsible for consequences he never anticipated, the apparition explains that the Cobden theory was not free trade under any circumstances, but free trade only on condition that other nations followed the example. Such is the outline of Mr. Pope's views on this question. Apparently he is quite unconscious of the absurdity he commits in protesting against the current assumption that England's prosperity Since 18-10 is due entirely to free trade, while he himself assumes that it is due entirely to the railways. If there is little to show that it is due to the one cause, there is just as little to show that it is due to the other. It is at least a more probable assump- tion that it is due to the combined operation of both ; ^ but Mr. Pope will not admit that free trade had anything whatever to do with it. He insists on " the enormous development of our coal and iron fields, from manufactories, engineering works, and the demand for labour of all kinds" which followed on the introduction of railways ; but he is absolutely silent with regard to the free importation of raw materials or any other incidental result of unrestricted commerce. Now any historical writer who should deal with the question in that shape would be at once condemned ason Bided and although Mr. Pope may not consider himself bound by historical conditions while writing as a mere pamph lower, the value of his production is none the less affected by the foot ne is equally one-sided in his argument on the English system of taxation for while he speaks about England '. crushing her own producers by income and excise taxes in order to obtain the money which the foreigner prefers to raise by import duties," he ignores the fact that foreign producers are, just as much " crushed" by direct taxes as the English It is much to he regretted that Mr. Pope should have risked his own reputation as a writer by treating his subject in such an unsatisfactory manner. The objectionable suppression of facts to which he has resorted might have been easily avoided. In this respect he would have done well to follow the example of Sir Edward Sullivan, whose Free-Trade Bubbles," published in 1883, while treating the question in the shape of a dialogue between a free trader and a protectionist, is not open to any similar objection. ' In the first dialogue, in which a foreigner is cross examined by a Cobdenite, the advantage! of a protective " system from a foreign point of view form the subject of discussion. It will be seen that, according to Mr. Pope, protective duties serve the purposes of revenue as well as protection, although it must be obvious that to the extent to which they serve the purpose of the protest-' tionist by shutting out imports, there can be no revenue from that quarter. He also assumes that, where protective duties are imposed, they are partly paid by the exporters ; but he, does not show how he arrives at that result, nor is it easy to see it COBDENITE : Why do you levy import duties on goods entering your country ? FOUEIOXEK : In order to raise money for State purposes and for the protection of our industries. ConnrNiTK : Do you know that this causes the necessaries of life to become dear cr than they otherwise would be FOREIGNER: Yes; but at the most they only become so by the amount of the import duties we impose. ConrjLNiTii: What sum do you put your import duties ForEiGNER: Say 30 millions per annum. COBDENITB : Then your people have to pay this sum in increased cost, spread over all the imported articles they purchase in your country 'I FOUEIGXEK: No. We believe that a part of these taxes is paid by the nations who supply the goods ; but even if woptiytho whole, the full amount comes back to us by way of reduction in taxation. As it is, we are obliged to levy certainties taxes; and if we had no import duties, then direct taxes would be incurred by 30 millions a year COBDEXITE: But your working men must suffer, because they must necessarily pay a higher price for all the necessaries of life; w hen cas d'you remitted your import duties and raised the 30 millions by an income or other direct tax, it would full almost entirely on the richer classes. PoitEiGNEn: By no means. For if our capitalists were, compelled to find this sum by direct taxation, the profits of their businesses would be decreased by the amount, and they would naturally say to their workmen, " we cannot pay you the same wages as before. You buy things cheaporlhau you did, and the difference between what you paid formally and what you pay now comes out of our pockets, and we must enable you to return the amount by accepting reduced wages." income tax would therefore fall indirectly upon the workman equally with his employer. C'oiiuENiTB : Then, according to your view, so far as the working man is concerned, the remission of import duties would not really affect him, because all he would lose in lessons wages he would gain by cheaper food and necessaries '{ FoiiEioNEn: Yes. But there are other circumstances connected with the matter which would affect him very much indeed; and if your suggestion were adopted, these circumstances would compel him either to leave his country or to starve, and I will tell you why. The moment countries find they have an overplus of production, they naturally try to find foreign markets. As a matter of course, if our import duties were removed, my country would be instantly flooded with foreign goods. For instance, England, which has far richer material resources, would instantly swamp us with her goods at prices which would render it impossible that we could come here with her. You must recollect that the goods she would send to us would be produced at a far less cost than she now produces for her own people. These goods would represent the extra quantity, or a surplus after all her own requirements had been satisfied. Every tyro in business is aware that the cost of producing this extra quantity is infinitesimal as compared with the cost of the original or smaller product." This question is argued in another shape in the second dialogue, in which the Cobdenite is interrogated by the Foreigner, The latter says: "Having spoken of the effect of the fasten blame on food with you, allow me to ask if your iron and general manufacturing industries are in a satisfactory state P COHDENITE : No. But our politicians tell us we are no worse off in this respect than other countries. FoniitaNEn: Even supposing this assertion to be true, surely it would not redound much to the credit of free trade. Just consider for a moment what these nations are doing. According to your doctrinaires they are violating the most sacred laws of political economy, and yet they can afford to buy your iron, manufacture it, send" it back again in the shape of iron bridges, rails, girders, railway stations, and a thousand other forms. Having done all this, they can undersell your iron manufacturers at the doors of their own works. They can afford to pay the carriage of the iron both ways, close your works, and set the doctrines of Cobden at defiance at one and the same time. Taking these facts into consideration, how do they agree with the asser- tion that "you are no worse off than other countries COIIDEKITE: Mr. Bright says that England can still trade favourably in South America, China, and Japan, and places where high tariffs prevent other countries producing cheaply enough to compete with us. ForEiGNER. : But remember the high tariffs in the foreign countries for towards the reduction of taxation in those countries. If the foreigner did not obtain the money in this way, it must of necessity be raised among his own people, as in England." Because you choose to crush your own producers by income taxes, c, and thus obtain the money which the foreigner prefers to raise by import duties, it is very difficult to see where the profit to the British nation arises. . The foreigner having practically demonstrated his ability to throw English land out of called upon [by the unrestricted import of food supplies, and to under- sell the British trader in his own country, will you tell me what is to prevent your trade in neutral markets viz., those mentioned by Mr. Bright-from being ruined in a similar manner V CoiiDENiTE : I do not admit that our home markets are ruined. FOREIGNER : You must remember that Rome was not built in a day and that although the operation may not be completed, considerable progress in the direction of completion is being made, as the following facts will show. You are doubtless aware that a railway has recently been constructed in your country from Hull to Barnsley, passing into the heart of your iron districts. The steel rails for that railway were not purchased at the works past whose doors the line runs, but they were obtained from abroad. The plates for the ships built in Hull (only a few miles from the iron manufactories) are all purchased abroad. Sir John Brown, the head of a very eminent firm in the district, explains the state of affairs in these words Our former customers have become our competitors, and not only son against us but undersell us, not merely In neutral markets, but under our very noses at home.' " 