Tiic Last of Jumbo. Jumbo ha3 been stuffed, and his carcase is now on show (says the Pall Mall Gazette), in. the laboratory of Professor Henry A. "Ward, the Rochester taxidermist. There his huge bulk now stands, an effigy of departed great ness;^ and squints sardonically at his well sciaped skeleton, which has been skilfully put together and set up in another corner of the room. Professor Ward took the contract soai8 time ago, and he has successfully carried it out. ' The first thing was to build a huge frame of wood and iron that should conform to the great beast's well- known shape. This was boatded up with two-inch strips until it looked like a hoashead mounted on four -piles of k< gs. Then:the hide half an inch thick and weighing 1,538 pounds was drawn over this frame. The hide was taken oil his huge carcase m;three pieces, and steeped in a solu tion of arsenic, alum, and corrosive sublimate for two months before it went upon the wooden statue of Jumbo. Then his tusks were jtuck into the sockets prepared for them, little brown glass eyes were putin their places, a coquettish twist was given to his trunk, and Jumbo was himself again. The whole structure/weighing about 3 tons,istands on a strong platform', and is so bolted tcgether th&t; the- fatiguea of- travel are not expected to• injure it at-all, • As; the effigy stands-on its pedestal in Professor -Ward's laboratory, it is 14 feet long, 12 feet high, 18 feet about tie girth, 4 feet 10 inches across-the ears, and 5 feet 3 inches around- the foot. In places the pkin is li inches thick, and looks and feels like the bark of an old maple tree. It is sewed up so neatly that the seams cannot be discovered, and it is held to its place on the wooden frame by mere than 74,000 nails. There are sparse coarse hairs all over it,- and those on the trunk are sharp and BtiS as needles. There were a number of longer hairs growing at the tip of his tail, but the enterprising young vandals of Canada plucked them out while be was lyiDgin state at St. Thomas and sold them to relic hunters at 5 dols. each._ In ti asportation, pt destal and all will be lifted upon a waggon Which • is twenty-five feet long, and can be; raised-and Toweredatwill. This will be drawn about the ringat Madison- square Garden with the children on the back of the ' wooden monster, just as in the days when he enjoy(d a flesh and blood and gingerbread ex istence. WVaggon and all will beloadeadupon a special car; the budv of which' is: only-aix inches above the gtound. And. yet, if-this tallest of ; elephants bad been bufea'little bit taller it would-have 'been hnpossibletd gethini through the railroadtuimels byapyarraiigemenfe whatever. 1 Next in importance to'the substan tial ghost of "Jv Afrieanus"stands his skeleton. This -would stock '-a bbhadxfiling establisbmeht' for a; year. 1It weighs' 800 lb., hr-dTs Paid by Professor Ward to bethc'latgest skeletbh' Of a modern terrestrial mamnialin'tha world. It towers up in the air, a frame-stork bf-huge,' bleached bi-ne3 and ribs, held together by iron andksopper-rods, bolts; and rivets;'The gieatbackteone is- there, from' tip of'tail' to V cotvicol - veftebrm;" ; with leather washers in place of the usual gristle between the joirita. Tl e dcrsal ver'ebne, wl icli ftick up in the «ir Eke the spines on the backs of some disagreeable varieties of little fish, have a carious depression in the lumbar region. It looks as if the carry ing of loads of happy children in Jumbo's green and salad days had made him hollow-backed, like a colt that is broken to the Baddle at too early an age. Jumbo was not by any means the venerable monater that many people supposed him to be. He was not 26 years old when he forgot to get out of the way of that railroad train, and had many years more to get his growth. He in c> eased seven inches inheight while in America. Bis tusks, which were worn off short by per petual rubbing against the walls of his English ' prison cell, grew a foot. The great, shapeless skull is cracked and seamed, bnt this is all natural. The fractures produced by the manner of hia untimely taking off have all been hidden, The skeleton is to be taken apart in travelling, and a number of boxes have been prepared to receive the component parts. The pieces are labelled, "Jumbo Africanus, right front leg," &c.;, to prevent "mixing those bone3 up" -on the road, and consequent attempts to im prove on nature iu the architecture of ele phants, Jumbo carried around with him six and one-half quarts or over a cubic foot of brains. His bulging brow always gave him an aspect of contemplative, benevolent intelli gence, and now it is known that his looks did not belie him as far as mental equipment was concerned at least. What the art people would call "aprivateview"ofthisimmortalpachyderm was given to a number of newspaper men at Rochester. In order that the party might have a fellow-feeling for the departed elephant, they were fed on ivory jelly made from the inner part of his tusks. Thus do the great live over again in their friends ! 