MORAN'S " GOOD PEOPLE." (To the Editor of the Protestant Standard .) Sib, — By their fruits ye shall know ,them." Cardinal Moran is a prince of that system whioh calls itself the Church of the Living God. : He is the representative of the one who calls himself the vicegerent of Christ. If such olaims are true, how . vast must be the importance of his utter ances. To speak as though. God spake — what a solemnity ! B ut he whose chief has no credentials to support his vast pretentions but those which are signed by his own hand can only be judged as the tree is, by . its fruit. Johovah, speaking fVlwnlldll TTta nw\nlinfr TauiaVi sans H U/aa iimIa ""'""ft" ow,wu» Dtv> "VW UUW them that call evil good and good evil, that put darkness for light and light for darkness," and the Lord Jesus once said, " Why callest thou Me good ; there is none good but one." . Notwithstanding, we find even in the inspired Word of God that in a subordinate or compara tive sense some men are called good. " The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord." Were the treacherous bloodthirsty men who attacked defenceless people at Lismore ordered by the Lord ? If not, why does tho Cardinal call them good?. And mark well all that the Cardinal knew of these men wbb the crime which they had committed and intended to repeat. Are Papists good in a comparative sense — better than other men ? . Let statistics of crime answer. " Woe unto them who call ovil good." Barnabas was called a good man because he was full of the Holy Ghost and of faith. Were the Lismoro ruffians full of the Holy Ghost? As to faith, they had none, not even in their Church ; for they evidently thought that without their violence and crime it would fall before the attacks of a woman. . The Psalmist says, " The Lord will abhor the bloody man- ; " and again he also prays, " Gathor not my life with bloody men." Of a contrary spirit to the Psalmist, this psoudo priest of God feels drawn towards tho rioters of Lismoro to gather with them. " I will soon pay you a visit." But, sir, is not Cardinal Moran following tho precedents of his church and the instinots of his Papal education ? " Alva," the butoher of 150,000 Protestants, was esteemed a good man by the Pope, and every bloody tyrant who used his sword against tho opponents ot the Papaoy was a " good man ; " and the people who in France massacred their fellow citizens on that dreadful day of Bartholomew wore " good poople," and a marial wna struokto COmmflmnml-fl thnir finndnfiattl Bloody Mary and James II. wore good in the oyes of the Papacy, and even of late years the queen of a continental nation, who led a licentious life, received from the Pope of Rome the " golden rose" as a token of his holiness approval of her goodness. Tho Church of Rome boasts, that she has the " Holy Spirit ; " but from popes and cardinals down to the most ignorant ruffian who makes the sign of the oross they show plainly that they do not believe any such thing. Imagine for one moment how tremendous would have been the reproof of the Lord Jesus to suoh as those whom the cardinal of Rome calls good people. The cardinal counselled peace, because be saw in prospect the ignominious defeat of his lambs if thoy renewed the riot, but he in no way condemned their cruelty and treaohery. And they (the prophets) "strengthen the hands of evil doers, that none doth venture from his wickedness." Jer. 23, 14. It is quite evident that devotion to the Papacy, however it may be expressed, whatever the character of its professors, is the priest's only test of goodnesB. The man or woman of pure , life, who loves God and daily strives to live in conformity with His will, is in. human butcher, ;the gross sensualist, like Louis. XIY., a Mary or an Isabella, tho adulterer, the brigand or the gaol bird, ara all good people if they pay their dues to tho Church. And if in addition to their saintly virtuos they add cruelty to heretios, a cardinal then desires to gathor with such bloody men. To say that the Church of Rome has failed to make men better would be weak, would imply that she had aimed to do so. Jesus invites tho vilest sinners to him i but it is to make them pure and holy, to save them from their sins. Tho Papaoy invites aud embraces in her arms tho virtuous and tho depraved, but to mako them holy is not her aim. The. sheep all, carry more or less wool, and tho aggrogato shearing pays splendidly. Tho Papaoy stands in the late episode self-condemned before the esoapod nnn. AH the reply of cardinals, bishops, and priests, and also of the ignorant who have been bred Papists as cattle are bred, is like the kioks aud struggles of a larrikin in tho hands of tho police. The convicted anti-Christ. HUGUENOT. 