Caulfield Races. Guineas Day. FRv TRT.irnni-FTT.1 Melboubne. Saturday. Cauifiuld races commenoed to-day. The weather was rainy, and heavy showora foil. Tho attendance whb very large. Appended are tbo results of the races : — Maidbn Platk. — Newmaater, 1 ; Highland Chief, 2; Yulo Cuko, 3. Other starters: Crown, Brand, ox-Premior, Duniobin, .irinto ciat, Kmpre:e, Inlander, Lord of the Manor, Buckley, Monoite, fBoiige' ot Noir, Eosa mond, Hot Iron, Crane, The Fobber, Iloyster, and Bopose. Betting : 4 to 1 Highland Chief, 5 to 1 Lpra, 6 to 1 Monnotti, 10 to 1 otheri. After it good Btart Moonotti wout to the front with Newmaster ; then Crown Brand took up the running to tho s!raighfc, where NovrmtBtfr took the lead. Highland Chief then made an effort, but Nowmaster won by half a length. Time : 1 min. 46 ices. Hubble Back. — Huntanan, 1 ; Bonnie Lad, 2; Yet Again, 3. Other starters, Ocean, Fuae, Bevenge, Teaking, Sinking Fund, GrsouluB, Eenrius. Betting : 2 to 1 Huntsman, 4 to 1 Ocean, 6 to 1 Bonnie Lai and Bovengo. Tho favourite, with Sinking Fund, made the run ning at firat, Bovenge then went to the front and led the field at a groat pace. TMi order was maintained until past tho stand, and thin Bonnio Lad took up the running. Passing the sod wall the second time Huntsman improved his position and assumed the lead. At tho home turn Bonnis Lad then came and challenged the favourite, and a splendid ra'oo home ensued. Huntamtin eventually winning by two lengths, Yet Again coming in a bad third. Timo : 3 mins. 68 J sees. Gbeat Foal Staies.— Hortense, 1 Yetman and Perhaps run a dead heat for second place Other etaitora : Albert Loddon, Prattlor, tha Dreamer, Fontifex, Abydos, Hpiouran, Lady Lome, Neotorino, Query, Sumatra, Ohriatino. Bolting : 3 to 1 Yotman, 5 to 1 Hortense and Sumatra. Hortenso had the best of a good start snd was first in tho straight, followed by Perhaps uudEpioaran. Hortenso camo up tho straight at a great pace whining by three leDgths. Timo : 5 mins 1 seca. Caulfibld Guineas. — Maddolina, 1 ; Vol obdo, 2 ; First Consul, 3. Other startera : Dounld, Betort, Bluirgowrie, Ohoshnm, and Gadfly. Betting: Even Volcano ; 5 to 2 Blau'- gov/rio and Maddelina; 4 to 1 Gadfly and Cheeham. After soveral breaks away the iiag fell to a food start. Volcano immediately wont to tho front, followed by Retort, First Consul, Blairgowrie, Chesham, Gucifly, and Madaelini in tho order named. The favourite led to th6 six- furlong post, where Chesham went rapidly to tho front, but immediately aftorwarde ool lapEcd. llnddelina then wont forward, ap parently foroing Voloano on to tho rails. The favourito mado a game raoo, but could not pass Loeg's filly, who won an ex citing raco by barely a head. Firat Consul osmo with a magnificent rush on tho firm ground in tho centre of the oourEo, and ran into third placo, Timo : 1 min. 4G sees. A protest was entered again»t Maddolina by the owner of Volcano for crossing, but after hoaring the evidence it was dismissed by tho stewards. Austbalian Huktbus' Cur. — Goldfinder, 1 ; Union, 2 ; Abdallah, 3. ?. Other starters : Ohar eoal, Narrung, Curiosity, Champagne, Baldy, Salctman, llongle, Cotherstoue, and Lara. BcttiDg : 3 to 1 Lara, 4 to 1 Narrung and CUarcoal, G to 1 Union, 10 to 1 othors. Char coal nnd Snlesraan led by turns. Goldtop, AnDax, Cothorstono, and Charcoal foil during tho race. Salesman, Boldy, Uniou, and Audollnh went to tho front, tha lnttcrhaving the lead until approaohing tho home turn ; Gold finder then eume out half way up the straight and assumed the lend, winning by two longthg. Timo : 2 mina. 51 Eecs. Toobak. Handicap. — Middlemaroh, 1 ; Eooh worth, 2 ; Hogmanay, 3. Other starters : OhuoliBter, Tho Ghost, Eagle Grange, Oama rene , Mo Dea, Huron, Duko of Athole, Elling ton, Bonnio Don, Clarendon, Harvester, Vasoosa, Maronoy, Millstroam, Western, Mustang, Blondon, nnd Eugono. Betting : 2 to 1 Hogmanay, 6 to 1 Middlomaroh and Ohuokster. Middlemarch led netrly all tho way, and wen a good race by ono length. Timo : 1 min. 47 sens. Booktons v. 2nd Westburns. — This matoh, whioh wag played in tho Musgravo Park, resulted in a viotory for tho former by ono innings and 13 runs. Tbo former winning tho toes, Eent their opponents to tho mokets, and they disposed of all of them for 23 runs. The Roohtons then went in, and wero disposed of for 64 runs. Tho latter then went in and scored 28, leaving tho Booktons viotors by one innings and 13 runs.. Tho ohiof soorors of tho winners were E. Acres 23 and E. Booth 11. 1 ho 'scorers of tho losers wero J. Marsden 9 nnd R. Boclio 8, Tho bowling on both sides waB good. Roynltonsv. Gregorys. — A matoh was played on Saturday last in tho Albert Park, which ro tultcd in an ctiBy win for the latter. Tho prinoipal tcoros for tho winners wero W. Hampson 18, O. HampBon IS, and for the losers F. Hampson 0, Rollorson 4. B. Johnston and W. Devino bowled well for the winners, aa did Hampeon and Rollorson for the icEcrs. 