ECHOES OP MELBOURNE : ' :. :'?? (Bt.The Ghost.)- : ? ' . Since: :ParUament: was prorogued last: week there has been a loll in the- political ?? '..: world.1 Members. of the 'Assembly who have any , business outside their official' ?'? duties have betaken themselves- to- it, arid -; the grave, potent, and reverend gentlemen ? who do duty as our Victorian Peers, are busvamonerst their flocks and. herds. The ? little flutter of excitement caused . by the hopes raised in the breasts of aspiring : candidates i for the ten new seats which ; would :, have been created had. not the-.: Council vetoed, the project has died out, and things generally in regard to: the ' late . session; are 'flat/ stale, and unprofitable 'Indeed* were it not for the scandal . caused . by what is generally known : as '?.tho ? Eerferd job,' the death of the present Ministry would have been far less note worthy than its birth. But the translation . to the. Supreme Court Bench of a gentlo : man whose only qualification for the office is' long service as the political legal hack. . of his party has roused a universal storm, of indignation which portends tho down- ? fall of the Government as soon as the . Legislature is afforded the opportunity of expressing an opinion on this most dia. , ; graceful episode in the otherwise tolerably clean career of the Service-Berry Adminis- ? ? tration. The so- called 'Liberal' organs arerlaying the blame of tho judicial. ap- pointment entirely at the door of Mr. Service and the Conservative section of the . Cabinet, . . and . are desirous of bringing tlie colony back to the old party lines, which, if not directly obliterated by the Coalition, have been so blurred as to become almost undistinguishable. Pro bably Mr. Berry and the section of the Ministry, that follow that gentleman's fortunes would not bo averse to a recon struction of the. Cabinet on purely 'liberal' ? lines. The Government now in power has lived more than the sx^an allotted to Victo rian Administrations, and office, at any price, is almost a necessity of Mr. Berry's existence. It is on the cards, therefore, that the Attorney-General and the^ Minis- . ters of Railways and Mines will before the Houses again meet be replaced by gentle men of, more advanced opinions and the present Chief Secretary assume the Pre miership. Any way, it is now pretty generally admitted that the Coalition Ministry has fulfilled the functions which called it into existence, and that it now no longer possesses any raison d'dtre. Although two months will elapse before the elections, candidates are already beginning to woo the constituencies. There is nothing very novel in any of their documents. They all contain the usual number of promises, which are invariably treated pie-crust fashion when the aspirant for legislative honours has attained the object of hia ambition and can write the magic letters M;L.A. after his patronymic, flaunt his free railway pass on his watch chain, and draw his monthly cheque for X25 sterling. . The .'' chosen people' are evidently desi rous of being well in evidence in the next Parliament. The Hebrew element in the ? Assembly is already well represented, Messrs. Zox, Levion, Fuik, and Harris be longing to the ' persuasion' ; yet two more candidates professing the old faith, are offering themselves. The' noes' : ap parently will play a prominent part during ??,, the next Parliament. ? j ' If evidence were wanting, of the 'plen-. tifullack' of matter wherewith the un« . ? lucky slaves of the lamp are eonipelledto eke. out their daily tale of 'copy,' it , . might certainly be found, in the fact that, our pldjiold friend the Bunyip has again., -made its appearance in 'public. This time it has selected the neighbourhood of;, Williamstown, in which, according to looal, : '., authorities, it nightly shows itself ' off tHo , ;: Gellibrand Lighthouse' to a favoured few; - . That : some extraordinary sea-monster, is.^ 'about the pla.00 there is uo .denyiag, for it', .,r haai!eeii,seen,by a number, of -persons oft undoubted .veracity. A .variety of; sur mises are indulged in -with respect . to the' creature, Borne' people even opining thatlit is, a seal, on a visit from one of the islands ? in Bass Straits, come over .to see how the: reciprocity treaty is progressing. ???? ?? -??-? ? Thp apparently interminable' | Scots, Church, embroglio Btill drags its' slow length ; along. The; recent doings of ? the General Assembly in connection with. the! so-styled recalcitrant congregation serve-to sHowj with what alacrity ; the ?'; average respectable Presbyterian^be he i cleric iori layman— entrenches himself ; -behind i his : open Bible, , and fires off texts, and with ?what: , consistent : and high-handedi ' in-, difference he,, treats the practical, appli- cation of the majority of scriptural injunc-; tions-in his 'dealings ; ,with ?: his fellow, men. If closely lexamined the attitude of the said orthodox Presbyterian .presentsjmatter for sincere tears,; or equally sincere ; laughter, according, as it is looked at from a realistic: or. ideal jistandppint, and not.dealingiwith, itintliej.,ideal, j most people' will-.permit. themselves; a; ; comfortable ilittle,. chuckle; when the.end, does come of i this.- storm1 in ai teapot. ..?:;. v, i,.; J-,':-...:.i: ??: i..|((;-v- :itU uli -;,U: No sooner i .does ; one '? strike' - end . .than ; another begins. 1 5 The quarrel's between' the/ bootmakers; and ! their employers , has ifjuai-. been; settled,'. and now ; the - wharf labourers - threateii.to, cease; work, if ; their .rdemahds f orjihorter jhours - ; and' !' increased' pay i are ; not', complied .with. Hitherto i 'these rill-j iiBed sons.,of .toil have worked, eight .and a. halt f hours,, a jday,, and* received- isevem shillings. and sixpence; Theiemployers now, offer payiat..:the:rate.;of nine.i-and three-; pence.'.a ,day,;or nine-h.oursTabpur., -; Failingi the acceptance.: , of , these' .^ternis], the Mel- ; bourne ^Shipowners' ?Association will'bring,; Over.^-ineiJL, itr.ojuj -.v.cuj, ^Giiyrj uy^iuuiua, jyuuu po8se.ssig-..asthey,dp,.in:Ithe;;numerous;in-.i terppipniS. steamers, the- easy,. and speedy meanSj of , carrying -put .their;fintdntion,-the. wharf, , ;labourers,i.jf.-. wise,.;jwill.ii see irthe necessity of giving up the- contention. Many aSna'tfUnCthoaold rcouritry)lwor£s a whole week for( the u amount ?ipefc diem at which' thejMelbpurnor lumpers' ; turn; up their inbses.i'ff-- ;--' Hut j. n-j-.i-.i ;j.-u ?-:.;?:! :!?-. Mrv DionuBoucicauli, ithe ladtor-authbr, has :been'holding;.upfithei-.mirrorr to.' Aus- ?? tralian.nature. j .Perhaps dt:tis' .-.aso well we ( should, at times, see ourselve's;as: others see us, but.the'picture:dr'awn of ^Melbourne as ' estimated iby; ithe standard JofJ the -'play- : going, section m. of the .community: is;the reverse ipf flattering. '? They are^ not West' End people,-.- they range'betweentPeckham. Rye;.fand'iWhitechapel!' lThirikofi'that;; oh,oye Jexclusives-.of i. South!- Yarra r'and- Toorak ! ?:- i Therif; as .aisort.of -.icompensatioii for. the small .value set upon the Melbourne pub'lic;Mr. JBoucicault proceeds toappraise' his.:6wn -services::.; The sum of i}2740' earned 'Clear: ipf'ialli travelling 'arid;. other expenses tin i six .weeks' in Victo'ria;''and: anJ almost:. equal ? amount netted iin^» Sydney duringithe same short time,Mr:-Boucicault considers -M insufficient -i to 'attract ''star '-. actors 'rtb ; Australia.'-', If an ? income :ofi nearly itwenty-two thousand a year is wot! deemed ! sufficiently large, ; perhaps1 ? Mrl Boucicault will: favour the world with his': idea of what he deems a salary cbmmensu rate-with his merits. Charles Kean- him-; self told :us he had played in Manchester to a 15s audience, and Macready thought him self during the earlier portion of his1 career ? well paid with: '£2 a, week arid' half a clear benefit '.': ? during his engagement ! '?'? 'Byi rushing into print Mr. Boucinault has once ' more, illustrated the old saying; '. We sitioV ultra crapidam. ':'- ..: i-i ?.??';?' * December 26. ??.'-.?? -'-? --'r!- -i; ;''.'?;'. 