" martin dbyeril's diamond. ALL itloittrf Kli.SKRVEl). A. NOV K Ti BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of 44 Jauodi's Wife," Ac. CUArTKtt XXXV r.—' Tun Accused and the Accrt«r.H. "Can wc Jo nothing for him ?" said Cicely to Philip, before lie look leave of her that evening on their return from Iiondon. ,;T don't, kuow what we can do." Faid rhilip. "I must ask ( liles whether he wishes the child to slay with Hannah, or lo go with hi aunt to Twickenham. That old woman will he the death of him." "Von are too hard on Hannah," Cicely answered with a smile, which was pathetic in its very brightness. "She is very faithful to her master." "What makes it morn difficult to manage, said Philip, "is the fact that Will is a thoroughly spoiled child Kinglakc has, naturally enough, petted him all his life, and the boy is heartbroken now that ho is separated from his father." "t don't see why yon call poor Will a spoiled child," exclaimed Cicely, in rather a hurt tone. u A sweet, lovable little fellow." "I can onlv pay," said Philip with a laugh, "that I should not like a boy of my own to bo quite as intimately acquainted with my affairs us Master Will appears to be with those of his father. But I agree with you. He is a nice little chap, but he wants somebody beside poor old Giles and Hannah to look after him." Philip took pains about the matter. He went to see Kinglakc, and represented to him that Will was suffering from the circumstances in which be was placed. xVnil when he had said his say he was sorry, for bis friend looked per plexed' and pained. "Of course the poor little lad will suffer," he said, pushing the hair back from his forehead with a wearied gesture. "I hardly see howl am to mend matters." " You mean that. I ought not to interfere ?" ",Yon have every right, to interfere, Phil," said Miles, smiling in rather a mnlan- cliolv way. 44 What did von want me to do ?" "Cairt'you send him to Miss Frcebody ? She tells mo 'that she is obliged lo go back to Twickenham before Sunday and if so, bo will be left alone again with Hannah." "No, lie must, not go back. That, would bo worse for old Hannah's companionan/p. Miss Frccbodv has an elder sister who is imbecile and frightens poor Will nearly out of bis senses. I only send them there when Lydia is away." "Wonld you" — Philip made his suggestion diffidently — il would you object to his coming down to Ladywell, to FJcanor ami myself — or to Cicely ! Wc should all do our best for him." "I know you would," said Kinglakc, turn ing away and drumming on the table some what moodily with his right hand, "but I don't tliink that it would do, Phil, thanks. I doubt whether you could get the boy down to Ladywell, now." " suppose he would go if you sent him — if you told him ho must go." " suppose lie would." Kinglakc smiled at the expression. 44 It's a lino of conduct L have very seldom adopted with Will, however, and I don't feel inclined to begin it now. Will has had his own way so iong that I can't thwart him when — when perhaps i have only a month or two of tins world loft to me." "Nonsense," said Philip. "Keep up your heart, man." " i keep up my heart as much as T can, but it's no use to protest that, facts are not ap parently against me. T. bugin to see no way out of it," said Giles, vising and pacing up and down the narrow space afforded him like a wild animal in a cage. "They mean to hang somebody for Ln Breton's murder, and unless they prove that, it was Joel Bray or somebody else they will hang me." " Have you thought of anybody else." said Philip, struck by a-ccrtain iiiilcctiou in King- lake's voice. 44 Ye..'' " Who is it ?" " 1 suppose you won't be offended if I tell you V" " Is it likely ?" " Well," said Giles, facing his fncud and look ing at him steadily, u there is one man to whom 1 fancy it. wonld bo convenient if Be Breton were well out of the way." "You mean Margrave?" Kinglakc nodded. "I have thought of that myself," said Philip, meditatively. " I may bo uncharitable," continued Giles, pulling his brown beard as lie spoke, and still looking at. his friend, " but it seemed to meat the examination that there was some animus in his way of stating the facts against me. There was a great show of fair ness and moderation, nn doubt ; but you kuow, Phil, his account of the hurt that Lo Breton got from mo in the lirst instance, when I Ftnick him with my cane, was immensely exaggerated. Lu Brecon's face cut open from chin to temple ? Why, one would think that i wasabrtue? ft. is apparently just what they do think, by-lhe-bye." " Yargrave was in the wood by his own con fession," said Philip. "There was no one else." " Yes, there was someone else. I saw anophcr person when f had lefr Le Breton. But I think that it w:ii a woman." "Yon did not mention that, at Die time?" "It did not recur to my memory till after wards. Margrave, a woman, ami I in the woods together — which of us committed the murder? One of us, or a fourth person. unknown?" 1 " J can believe anything against Clifford Yar grave," said Philip, with some heat of manner. " He is both false and cnir-l, but I doubt whether he had either strength or eournire sufficient to attack a strongly-nude man like Le Breton with no other weapon than your stick. Besides, you have leard what Pinch says? lie do«»s not believe Hie nmrdyr was committed with that stick at all. He says wo shall see what the experts say about it. He thinks the blows were given with a much larger ami blunter weapon." » "Possibly." Kinglake Hire u himself into a chair ami sighed. "It's sickening work, Phil," he said, almost with a groan. "know," said Philip, sympathetically, and he put his hand on Kinglake"?? shoulder. "But it would not he so had to bear.' saad Giles, still looking down, with a heavy frown upon hfa brow, " if it were not for that boy of mine at home, it's hard to think of a" de licate little fellow like him being l«ft to face the world alone, with no legacy but a father's shame." "No shninp. Gilo?." ".Shame in the world's eyes, is It not ? Will the world not brand him as the son of a murderer ? And — good God ! is it not possible that he may grow up — to— believe me guilty? And yet— God knows my innocence ! " He leant his head upon the table and hid his face in his hand. His strong frame shook fnom head to foot as a willow is shaken l»v a gust of wind. " Ho shall never believe it- as long as I am living," said Philip, almost with anger. "But there is no need to think of that. Wo shall bring you through." " Look ine in the face, Phil," said Giles. lift ing his head from his hands: "and tell me honestly whether you think that 1 have the ghost of a chance." "Good heavens, yes : of course I do." " I do not," said Giles turning away his head. Philip kept a reluctant, silence. He wished to say something consolatory, hut could think of nothing to say that would lie strictly true. And Giles was in no mood for pretences. 14 If it does conic about as I forcvce." he began at last, "you won't leave Will to fclmFrec- boilys, will you, Lorraine? Jt would be the min of hirn, body and soul." "He should be as a child of my own," said. Thilip in a low voice. 44 1 thought t might rely on you. Thank ' you. Phil. Ami your cousin — perhaps your cousin—" He had not. known that his voice was likely to break at the mention of Cicely Lorraine ; hut certain memories of her gracious kindliness, her frank, maidenly grace, her gay, innocent eyes, conjured by the utterance of her mtuic, overbore his self-command. He tried to con ceal the sudden tremor in his voice ; he cleared his throat once or twice, took a turn across the room and back again, Imil only succeeded in. making it somewhat more marked, especially as he began his next sentence in a peculiarly cheerful voice, with an entire change of' Eubjeet. "J hear that my hook is running through .i» new edition," he naid. People are reading il hard and fast, so that they might see whether it liears traces of the monstrous Uepravitv at tributed to mo. There will be quite a nice littlo sum waiting for Will at my publishers. You'll have to manage all that, you know." Philip followed his lead, ami no more was paid about Cicely. But lie pondered rather seriously over ICiuglakc's unwonted show of emotion." ' l)n you want Will to come and see you?" he asked towards the close of the interview. Giles shook hi head. " No." You don't?" . ''Would yuuliko a son of yours to see you in Newgate? No; not until wo arc obliged. 1 lien j -11 nee him— ouee." m'' om,! message for him, then'" said i fillip, ' for 1 must be going." ''J. have no especial message except the old one. My love to him — Unit's all. And do any thing for hi good and comfort that you think best, Iiorraine, hut don't send him toTwicken- haul." Philip was considerably puzzled to know what to do, particularly when a scrawl from Jiutuum informed him iluit Muster Will had a ii 'sn Frc:»;hody luul gone home, and she, Jlannah, did not know what to do, for the hov was suffering from a low, nervous fo.or, wandered in mind at times, and could not Inwr to be left alone. Philip took his pcrplcxititY) Sl|ViSi,!. .|,! Briery. Lady Eleanor vouch- ill hvithor interest nor 'attention. I must go to him," said Cicely, standing up aHl suddenly turning very white' , . , If A0"1 Clt-ely, you inunt do nothing of the Kind, J tail answered with unusual decision, wie looked t. htm piteouHy, 41 What harm ' ' > » could it do me ?" she said. " There's nothing Infectious in his illness, if. would only be kindness. Nobody would know." "Pauline," said Philip, "tell her she must not go. You can inako her understand." 44 Pauline will be on my side," said Cicely, kneeling down by Mr.-?. Le Breton, and resting her bead _ against. Mrs. Lo Breton's shoulder. 44 She will uot oppose me." 41 Yes, C shall, Cicely. You cannot go." 44 But Home one must go. Wn can't leave little Will to lie thoro alouo with nobody to nurso hint but Hannah. Hannah t How can f.ho nurse him, indeed ! And no ono lias any right tu stop me. If 1. ehooso to go, I will go f" 44 No, Giecly, you will uot bo unreasonable. You could not go to nurso this poor little boy without making people talk about vou. And you know have lived long enough in the world to be aware that you must uot make people talk about you." 44 It is a paltry reason," said Cicely. "No, it is a very good one. You must at ay hero ami do your owu duties. Now, I have no duties." She stopped and looked from Philip to Cicely with a sad smile. " I shall make a better nurse than Cicely," aim said. 44 But — it is impossible." " No, the boy does not know me. T will go as a nurse merely ; you shall recommend me, Philip, and I will take good cure of him until he is better, or until his father comes hotue again." Philip and Cicely glanced at each other. There was the same anxiety in the mind of each. 44 Dear Pauline," said Cicely, stroking the elder woman's thin hand and putting the dis turbing thought into words, 4 we don't want you to go away from us." 44 1 suppose .vou would tldnk it ungrateful of me if 1 saiii- that I wanted to go." "Not ungrateful— unkind to us, perhaps." 44 Well dear, let mo be unkind then. X should like to go away — for a time at least. It is painful to me to stay at Ladywell, where I always fancy that curious eyes are watching to see how I bear my husband's death. Tt is a foolish fancv, is it not ? By-and-bye I shall not feel it : hut just now I should like to go where nobody knows me, and work a little for myself, and try to forget that I am that wretched tiling — a woman with a history." m'L'hey could not oppose her wishes when urged so earnestly. Philip agreed to help her in the work that she had undertaken ; she should go up to Loudon with him next day and spend a few days at least with Will. If she nursed hiin back to health and strength Philip knew that she would feel as if she had done something for the comfort of Giles Kinglake, to whom her husbaud's death had brought such trouble. (TO 11 H CONTINXISD.) 