ST. CUTHBERT'S, PHILBEAOH GAR DENS, WARWICK ROAD, W. The following account of the proceedings in . the .above London Church of England . church . will give, our friends an idea of the lengths to which Ritualists go. It is a few notes of "J.S.," in an English, journal of his visit to that church on the 20th September last. He remarks ' " Preliminary to tho ' Choral Celebration of the Holy. Communion,' commencing at 11.30, thd Litany was recited, at the close of which, the few school children and several adults withdrew by the side door while a number of adults entered by the porch, making up a congregation of about one hundred and sixty. The choir— -twenty in number— and the preacher retired from the chancel, and pre ceded/by the cross-bearer, marched along the outside of the building to the porch; and commenced as the processional hymn, ' The Church's One Foundation.' A second pro cession, consisting of the celebrant attired in adorned vestments, incense bearers, and : acolytes, preceded by another cross- bearer, entered ' the ' chancel from the vestry. Five' lightod cahdles, iu addition to the seven lamps suspended in front of what was regarded as ' the ' Altar,' had been burning: during the ; Litany. , , A sixth candlo was now lighted, and the mockery of the Communion service com menced. Faoing the congregation, the cele-, brant read, .among other commands, the solemn-words, ' Thou shalt not make to thy- . self any; graven image. . . . Thou shalt not bow .-down to them nor worship them ;" ' and- yet' ho broke the commandment many tiraqs... during the . service; and taught ? others to . do so. . At the recitation of : the words, ' And was incarnate by the .Holy Ghost of the Virgin Ha and the . choir "qhd regular members of the. congregation went on their knees. At the close of the Creed, the 'preacher entered the ' pulpit, kissed the- cross1 on:a stole; and placed it around hik shoulders. - Ho then- gave sever ral notices out. . Firstly, the;: morrow being.,' St. Matthew's ;Day, " there would , be three Celebrations of the Holy Communion ; ' so- , condly, Bishop Denny (?), "desired to give',., thanks for. a safe voyage. The third notice, \- was rather; startling V" The prayers of ; the ' ' congregation are desired for the repose' of tho soul of Minnie Brooks." ; : He then desired , the prayers of the congregation in bohalf of the Rev. J. Bell Cox, of St. .Margaret's, Liver- ; .. pool, and, read , an explanatory letter he had . roceived.from Mr. .Cox, informing, them that ,; the mention 'issued against him. by - Lord Pehza'uce expired on' the - 24tli ult.j and re-;1'' questing''.thejf r prayers1; first, ' for "the main-;,.; tenahce af. Catholic- 'Ritual1;: and second, for -1 . himself ;andt the congregation;' The preacher ; requested, those;: who iwere i so' minded to tv .observe, the 23rd as ; a day of intercessory , prayer.- , Ho. then gave out. his text, Hence- ,. forth let rio man trouble 'me, for- 1 bear in myr . .body tlio, marks of the; Lord Jesus "' (Gal. vi., ' ,17); r He road the ' essay lie 'had' written "'; therein in about seven- minutOB. He com- ; monced by stating- that it was' the custom in -the East in .-former: time's to -brand their 11 ' 'slaves, so that they; - mighty know .them;;;- : again. .. ;Thu8 they bore in their , bodies the; marks ; of their masters. It was : supposed . that St; Jaul .'bore mark's on his .', , body, and ' that these 1 marks were the result of ' 1 " intense study of the life of Christ.'' He then' : referred to the life of St. Francis (?). who' he ; said withdrew fratn the world into a mountain part, , and, as tho resnlt of his intense medita tion about Ohrist, his hands and feet had the . nail marks of the Saviour, and the marks of the crown of thorns appeared on his forehead. . Some of them wonld, no doubt, remember reading in tho papers, ten years ago, of a girl in Belgium, who by intense study of Christ had tlie: marks of the Saviour on her hands, feot, and forehead, every Friday. Two scien tific men went over from this country to Belgium to examine the girl, but found no fraud. Ho asserted that the Lord had given these examples to the Church as incentives to intense study, and concluded by enjoining his hearers to observe the samo. During the collection the remainder of the candles were lighted ; in all, nine. Incense was used, and a bell tolled twice — three times each time — during the Consecration prayer, genuflections were two numerous to particulariso; No one communicated except the celebrant, who cere moniously consumed the consecrated elements at the close. What is the Bishop doing to allow such services to continue ? " 