RAINBOW GOLD. BY DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY. BOOK IV. HOW AAEON WHITTAKER BEGAN TO LONG FOR THE BAINBOW GOLD, ASD JOB BOOND THREW IT AWAY. CHAPTER VI. Castle Bariield bad settled back into its Bormal tranquility. The battle of the right of way had been fought and won, and the enemy showed no appetite for a renewal of the straggle. For a time people who had never before been in the habit of walking through the Warren Leaspwes directed all their strolls that way, aim on fine Sunday afternoons in especial there was to be seen a long procession of Castle Barfield folk leisurely promenading the recovered pathway, bat by-and-by the place lost its fascination, and General Coninghame's privacy was no more disturbed than it would have been if he had never made hiB ill-judged effort to exclude the people altogether. The General meditated a retirement from the Warren, and Armstrong, looking daily over the advertisement columns of the Times, saw the place announced for sale. The present proprietor had resolved to take up his residence abroad, so said the advertisement, and Armstrong had never been more sincerely thankful in his life than he felt on reading that statement. The grey man had never known by what means his obstinate son-in-law had got rid of Mr. Walker. To have bought off that dangerous spy was the most humiliating thing to which Job had never found himself compelled. He had been tied to the triangles and flogged, but it was not in him to feel that as a humiliation. That came from without, and irresistible physical force constrained him. He rebelled against it with more than fire enough, and it was that which had thrown him as a prey into the wicked hands of Monsieur Bonaventure. It was not a thing over which to feel humiliated, but a thing to be revenged. The purchase of safety at the hands of Mr. Walker was his own act and deed, but no earthly consideration except •Sarah's happiness would have had a straw's weight with him iu persuasion to it, and even with that exigent influence behind him he felt the transaction shameful and revolting. He drew some satisfaction from its very bitterness, for,_ in Job's uncompromising theology, a certain su m of human misery was to be exacted iur a certain sum of wrongdoing, and the more he himself suffered the less Sarah would have to suffer. God was cruel, but on His own stern lines was just, and would exact no tittle beyond His proper payment of revenge. !So Job learned to welcome his own selfabasement for his daughter's sake, and treasured even the agony of his own remorse and fears as being set on the right side in the awful ledger. Aaron came more and more assuredly as the weeks went on, and J ob grew more accustomed tobopewellofhim. The young man was always a shade too smooth and acquiescent for his prospective father-in- law's taste, but Job admitted that he seemed devoted to Sarah, and that he stuck to hiB new concerns with an admirable assiduity. It was winter time, the sacred season was near at hand, and Job and Sarah were seated in the little sitting-room of the cottage, with Armstrong for sole visitor at present. The fire burned brightly, the drawn curtains and the mellow lamp gave the room a snug and cosy air, and the white-and-gold china tea-set sparkled on the table, which was laid for four. Sarah wore an expectant air, and was caught now and then in the act of listening for a step onteide. She took her share of the talk, but lost the thread of it at times, and was inclined to be restless and even fidgety. But at last the latch of the gate clicked, the hinges shrieked, the gate clashed back into its place, and a step sounded on the gravel. Sarah ran to open the doot and welcome her sweetheart. Aaron entered beaming and bustling, and shook^ hands all round. Sarah took from him MB hat and great- coat and hung them on a peg in a little dark passage between the front room and the kitchen, and; being in the dark and Bale from observation, she kissed the cuff of the great-coat before she left it hanging there. " You're a bit late, Mr. Whittaker." said Job. "lam,sir,"returnedAaron,smoothly; "but Tconldn'tvery well help it. I've been detained at the mine. We have come upon coal, sir. I've brought a bit with me." He stepped into the little darkened passage, and encountering SfU^fctherejj!aveJier a silent kiss, and then, pockets a small brown-paper parcel. Returning with this to the sitting-room, he opened it. and revealed a shining lump of coal, of about a pound in weight. "Good stuff, sir," he said, holding it out to Job. " Aye," said he. " It looks all right." *' We're going to make a good thing of it, sir," said Aaron. "It's worth a thousand pounds an acre, all expenses paid." " Ah!" Job answered. " Who says so ?" "That's Morley's estimate," said Aaron. Morley was the mine surveyor, but the estimate was Aaron's own. "Look here, Miss ftound. That's the first piece out of the solid in the new mine. I cut it out," he added in an undertone, "with my own hands to show you. " It'll be worth a thousand pounds an acre." "Can I keep it?" asked Sarah. Aaron nodded, with a gratified smile, and she ran away upstairs to lock the black memento In (me of her own drawers. She would have been just as well pleased had Aaron said that it was going to be worth a thousand pence an acre as she was when he told her it was going to be worth a thousand pounds. The money meant nothing to her, but if Aaron were going to be prosperous, of course she was delighted. Hit does not say much for Aaron, perhaps, that as a matter of fact this precious souvenir, which Sarah had just triumphantly locked away, came from his mother's coalshed. It may be urged in his excuse that he deserved to be calledPcoal from the" floor of the new mine, and that, contrasting and comparing it with the sample of the local supply to be found at home, had come to the conclusion that the quality of his own find was hardly as high as it might have been. He had dropped the morsel, therefore, and had picked up another piece,.by purposed accident, in tie place of it, and, bein? a born liar, had almost persuaded himself by this time that he had picked np the original fragment. And such a piece of work is a man (when he is built on the lines of Aaron Whittaker), that the young man's prospective thousand pounds an acre had come to be as real and actual a thing to him, with much talking of it, as if it were already earned and entered to his credit at the Bank. " I'm in treaty for a piece of property, Mr. Round," said Aaron, when they were all four seated at the tea-table { "and I'm having plans prepared for building a house upon it." This, like the thousand pounds an acre, had been one of Aaron's day-dreams for some months past, and when the thousand pounds an acre had been realized he meant to put it into practice, to translate it into fact. "M—m," said Job, sipping at his tea. " And where do you think of building?" Fortunately for young Sir. Whittaker, he had already decided on his lo33le, and was able to reply without embarrassment. "Isn't the spot rather exposed?" asked Armstrong. "Well it is a little exposed towards the east," replied Aaron; " but I think of plautingat the back." He was the only child of a widowed mother, who was known to be well-to-do, and neither Job nor Armstrong had any reason to doubt him. One must either be a liar oneself, like the gentleman in the story, or have had experience of a young man who can be, with no purpose, with Aaron's fluency, before one .can feel suspicious of him. He had a way of running before things, of counting for the moment with actual certainty on the future. If anybody had told him he was a liar, he would have been bitterly and naturally indignant. Perhaps within himself he might have admitted that this habit of forestilltng the future was not quite consistent with a strict veracity, but an outsider would have had no rieht to that opinion. "You haven't actually bought it yet?" said Job. "Not exactiy." replied Aaron, lightly. *' But it's almost as good as done." "Let me see," said Job, " Who's the owner?" Aaroh had scalded himself with his tea, and could not reply for the moment. Armstrong happened to know, and came unconsciously to the young man's ressue. " What's he want for itJob asked, when lie had learned the owner's name. " We're standing off a little about the price," answered Aaron, airily. " He wants a couple of hundred more than 1 feel inclined to give him." The talk drifted to other matters, and the young man bore his part in it uutil tea was over. Then, after the manner of the household, Sarah cleared away with her own hands and retired to the kitchen to wash up the tea-things. Aaron slid out after her. and did a little courtship, whilst the two elders drew xr.ar the fire, and lit their pipes. "Hear to the wind and the rain, Job. : ' said Armstrong, after a pause. " There's aa odd sort of human distress in the sound of it. It's like Sterne's starling, with the difference that it wsn^s to get in ; in place of wautiag to get out. D'ye hear it? 'I can't get in—[ can't get in,' says the wind and the rain " Job granted an assent, and sat sni-jkiagr, scaring at the fire, and listening. By-and-by he took up the parable at the point t t ivhi-.-h his own thoughts had carried it. *• One can't wonder that ignorance^ie superstitious," he sad. "Go where you will, the world's full of voices." " Have ye any sort o' faith in ghosts, Job? demanded Armstrong. "I'm not thinking of a hollow illuminated turnip on a stick, with a bit of sheet depending from it. I'm scarcely thinking of a visible gho3t at all, 1 fancy. But sometimes, when ye're alone and chinking, did y'ever have the sense that somebody was near ye in the spirit ?" " Nerves," said Job, curtly, still staring at the fire, and pulling slowly at his pipe. "Maybe," returned the Scot. "And maybe something more than nerves. Science is a grand thing, Job, but ifs young, and, like most young things, it's inclined, if ye give it its way over-much, to be headlong, and a wee bit tyrannies!. 'Get awa'oot o' the hoose, feyther,' says young Science. 'I'll dooms soon fetch the old rubbish-heap down.' And, says old Civilization, 'Bide awhile, lad. There's a thing or two I'd like to carry away with me,' Ye see, Job, lad," the old man continned, looking mildly at his son-in-law between his eyebrows and his glasses," ye try to kill one wonder with another. I say * A spiritual presence,'and y'answer 'Nerves.' Man alive, the human economy's as wonderful and as little understandable as anything in the whole procession of ghostly things." " Ay, ay," said Job, " everything's wonderful. There's no end to wonder." He sat looking seriously at the fire, with his face half in shadow and half in the dnskv glow of the steady firelight. "But that young JackanapeB they call Science tells ye he's found the end to it. He's a fine lad, a fine lad, but cock-a-whoop, and over-certain for his years." _ " What set you on this tack, sir ? asked Job, still staring into the fire. " You don't believe in ghosts?" "It was the nights noises that set me thinking," the old man responded. "As for believing in ghosts, that's a bard thing to say yes or no tc. Sayves, without reserve, and ye may as well stick straws in your hair and set up a private Bedlam out of hand at once. Say no, without reserve, and ye may shut yourself out of more than it's easy to guess of. Ye've heard of these new table-turning, spirit-rapping gentry that draw Burns and Shakspeare out of tneir heavenly contemplations, and set them knocking double knocks like the ghosts of a pur of demented postmen? They'll knock a while before they knock faith into me. Burns wanders by the heavenly brooks, lad, in heavenly solitudes, and just once in a while a seraph passes him, and sees a song in the air. And asfor Shakspeare, he sits in the middle of a silent ring, and the mighty thoughts just float out of him, and the audience sees and hears. Eh, lad, that pair's got better work on hand than the nightly staggering of noodles at five pounds a head. He paused, with a little laugh at himself. " All these are facts, lad," he added, with his customary look of dry humour. It was Job who renewed the theme. "Yon think," he said, "that the dead know us—that they want sometimes to gee near us." "Whvnot?" answered Armstrong. "Ye know the 'Age of Reason?"' Job nodded, without looking at him. "Poor Fame's notion was that all the worlds are inhabited, but ifs as likely as not we'll have separate heavens. Ye'd be a bit ill at ease at first with a man out o' Saturn or Jupiter. Fm thinking the human interest may endure, and that maybe a soul that's lived in flesh upon the planet has no liking for strange ground. And ye can fancy even the happiest spirit asking the master-seraph for a holiday. 'Ibegyonr pardon, mylora, but I've been behaving myself fairly of late, and I'd like to get away back to Castle Barfield for an hour, and have a look at the husband and the little girL' And ye can fancy the permission being given. Ye can fancy^ too, that ifs a little hard to be doubted and denied when they do come. 'Here's your poor dead mother's soul come to see ye.' And then says the flesh-clothed soul' Nerves,' and tries to chase his poor old mother with a decoction o' Peruvian bark." " No," said Job, after a lengthy pause, " I can't believe it. The things of this world are mercifully hidden. How if the poor mother comes back to find her little girl a punted drab on the town streets, or her son a murderer—the little lad she nursed ?" " Eh!" said Armstrong, softly, " but who knows but, if she could come, she'd fetch the poor wench from the mire." "They rest from their labours," said Job. There was so singular a break in his voice that Armstrong cast back his head to look at him thiough his glasses, but saw no change in his aspect. Job, for a minute or two past, had been toying with the poker, and now he thrust it into the fire, which broke ever, and ^mfeon^Mufi? "There's no reason, the giant went on, rising to take down his tobacco-pot from the lofty mantel-shelf, and sitting down again to fill his pipe—" there's no reason to believe that the saints are troubled with the concerns of this ;vorld, and, for my own part, I should be sorry to believe in any such doctrine. A good man dies, and his son turns out a blackguard. We eav 'tis well he died—that he died in time. To my mind, that speaks the wise view of the case. There are people ia heaven now who'd fill the place with wailings if they knew what you and I know. And heaven is no place for wailings." " Ah, well!" said Armstrong; " that's a more convincing argument, to my mind, than nerves." He knocked out the ashes of his pipe, and Job, in obedience to a gesture of his hand, pushed the tobacco-jar across the table, and then lay back in his chair smoking. They were both silent for awhile, and then said Armstrong, "In the midst of all the insoluble puzzles the world's filled with, I see nothing for it, Job, for a pair o' sensible men like you and me, but to settle down to a solid game at chess." " Come along," said Job, and five minutes later, Armstrong's fingers were pattering on the table out of time in accompaniment to his tuneless whistle. The whole tribe of ghosts had disappeared for him out of the economy of nature. Job sat over the board with a thoughtful frown, and played his game solidly and steadily, though bis ghosts were thick about him, and would, but for the stony resolution with which he held them off, have flowed in a crowd between his thoughts and himself. They played for a couple of hours, and in the meantime Aaron and Sarah sat in the next room. Aaron was full of his own wonderful prospects, and, with pen, ink, and paper before him, drew a sketch plan of the visionary house. Sarah did not know a great deal about practical architecture, and though Aaron's house, if it had been built on the lines he showed, would have tumbled inwards with the builders before the roof was on it, she was quite satisfied with the plans ; and when her lover gave her the one grain of truth he had to offer, and told her this palace was entirely of his own designing, she thought him the most remarkable and admirable of men. What was there that he could not do ? She asked this with the most innocent delight and pride, and Aaron smiled the question on one side with an air of satisfied humility. " But, Aaron," said she, "cau you afford to live in such a house?" " Yes," he answered, in a sort of tolerant astonishment at her enquiry. "You don't suppose I should think of building it if I couldn't afford it." He laughed at her, and pinched her cheek in his own superior way. " What sort of a head for business do you think I have?" he asked good-humoredly. She laughed at him admiringly, and, of course, thought him fit to control the exchequer of the United Kingdom. " I don't mean to exceed my income," said Aaron. "A man who lives beyond his income is a foolish fellow. I don't think ifs wise even to live up to it, because a man never knows when a rainy day may come, and in all sorts of commercial enterprises a man's liable to have sudden calls and sudden drains on his resources. But I couldn't live like a miser. I hate a niggardly fellow." He arose, and, thrusting his hands in his pockets, nodded at her with a good-humored imperiousness which, in the girl's eyes, became him infinitely well. "I mean my wife to live in a first-rate house," he said, "and to go well dressed, and have everything handsoms about her. Why, there's scarcely anybody knows what fortunes there are to be m^e ] by judicious speculation in this part of the country. I've got two or three things in my mind that I can't spsak about yet, for fear of putting other fellows on the track. But I'm cot going to have too many irons in the lire. You know the old saying, Sarah— One thing at a time, and thai done well. Is a very good tiling, as many can tell." If her thoughts had given themselves words she would have said with Titania, " Thou art as wise as thou art beautiful." i "I hate a bragging fellow," pursued tU« ' ingenuous Aaron, "but I've got my jieai i pretty well screwed on, though 1 say it that shouldn't, and I'll startle some of these clever people about here before many more years are gone over their heags. They dou't know vhat they're treaitng on, Sarah. Tii*y can't see the we»'ih that's under their very noses." If his fc%stful vaticinations had ha 1 a solid foundation in fact he could sciroeiy have beefc happier in making them. A i i course 1 S*rah was certain that evervtnin^ hu prophesied was going to come trur, aui she uo'j ! him at even more than his o -«. n t-sM-n.ise. A I woman who is in love lives in ii une wit.ij j tinted windows, and looking OS tis 1 mcscaps ' of her lover's life sees it ali rose c »i i'n . j Aaron had a longish walk l>if ;iim t?iii i wintry night, and left a little afts»- ;0 .-'o o k. ! Armstrong took his way als >. ami i tti.nr ou<i : daughter were left ;togelh>*r. tiir*-, se i. g that Job was in a-thongWui m«ni, noved about liehtly, straightening tbe ru n and putting away the chessmen and the board; but when all was done, and she had lit her bedroom candle, she still lingered before bidding him good-night. Job looked np at her suddedy and caught a timid look of half decision on her face. "Well, lass," he said, rising and putting an arm about her waist, " What is it ?"' " You think well of—of Aaron, now, don't you. father ?" "I've better hopes, dear," he answered, " better hopes. I hope he'll turn out a good man for your sake. Good-night, sweetheart. Run away to bed." She answered his good-night kiss, and left him sitting by the fire nursing one knee in his great hands, and already staring absently at the embers. She had not left him long when the ghosts he had held away till then came trooping thick about him. " Would you care to come in ?" he murmured half aloud to one of them. "Better to hold you at arm's length if I can." After this murmur he sat in silence for half an hour or more. "You shall have your way," he said then, and rising he walked upstairs in the dark and into his own room. The rain and the wind beat dismally at the window, and except for a flickering distant light or two the night was as dark as pitch. He stood to look out at it for a moment only, and then turning away walked with groping hands before nim to a chest of drawers which stood in one corner of the room. Having reached the chest he drew a bunch of keys from his pocket and felt for the key he wanted. " \ou shall have your way," he murmured gravely a second time, and having found the key he -opened a drawer and took from it a cash- box, with which he returned to the sitting-room. There he drew his chair to the table, and opening the box reversed it, and shook it so that a double handful of papers strewed themselves about the tablecloth. He went through these carefully, selected from amongst them a little sheaf of documents, picked up one by one, and returned the others to the cash-box, which he locked. Next he arose again, and stirring the fire, which by this time was fading and thickly strewn with grey ashes, he dropped one of the papers and watched it as it flamed, curled, shrivelled, blackened with bright sparks in it, and then turned grey. Then he dropped another and watched its progress to afeathery nothing. Then another and another. When he had dropped them all he spoke. "The fortune's gone, and God grant the curse goes with it. There was blood on it. Scoundrels? Yes. But their blood was on t all the same. Go back? Go back to your heavenly hymns again, and forget me. You have had your way." 