MURDER WILL OUT. ' What a ghostly looking place this is. Mr. St. Clair! It sends a chill to my very marrow.' And the bright rosy-cheeked young girl, who looked as if she had never felt a chill of any kind in her life, shivered extrava gantly, to show how real were her feelings. ' It is a ghostly place, Miss Vernon, or what amounts to the same thing, for no one has been able to live there for years ; and, now,as you see, it is fast falling to decay, and has, as you say, a ghostly look.' ' But why is it ? Your extremely serious, not to say solemn, look and voice lead me to suppose that some "awful tragedy," as the newspapers would say, has been enacted there.' ' You are right ; an awful tragedy was enacted there years ago, and though some time passed before the discovery of what it was, the place got the name of being haunted, and no one could live there.' ' Oh, Mr. St. Clair. If it is really a ghost story, do tell it to me ! I love to hear them. Even in daylight cold chills run all over me, though of course I don't believe a word of it.' ' Well, if you are not going to be- lieve a word of it, I shall not waste my valuable time in telling it to you.' ' Tell me, do pray, and I will be- lieve every single word, even to the traditional sheeted spectre with a blue taper; it will be too cruel in you to have raised my expectations to such a fever heat, and then leave me to pine away of baffled curiosity.' 'Very well, since you are so pathetic on the subject, i will tell you all I know. It happened before I was born, but I have heard the whole thing related so frequently that I can almost remember the events myself. The cottage you see was once a very pretty, cosy one, in which lived two brothers, a sister, and a young girl hired to assist in housework; the house was at that time more than half a mile from any other habitation, and the neighbours were not very fre- quent visitors. 'Occasionally, or rather pretty often, I think, in those days, pedlars would go round the country with packs of sometimes valuable commodities, silks, laces, linens, &c.;, on their backs, and in the hand a yard stick cane and a small box containing jewellery,cutlery, and other small wares, but often articles worth a good deal of money. These pedestrian pedlars were gener- ally known to have larger or smaller sums Of money with them, as in those days the transmission' of money by post vas not as safely or as easily done as at the present time. They stayed, when in a town at a public house and when wandering round the country,at some farmhouse; the people at that time making mostly all of their purchases from these peripa tetic shopkeepers, I have told you all this as a kind of prologue to my ' piece;' the rest that I am about to relate is supplied from what transpired years after, but I shall tell it to you as it---as far as is known \---occurred. ' One stormy evening, while the family were gathered around the sup- !per table, the door opened--for the ceremony of a knock was dispensed with in those primitive times---and the head and pack of a pedlar known as Daniel McCarthy made its appearance, soon followed by the rest of his person. ' Good-avening to yees all, and it' very comfortable and purty yees are looking. Have ye got iver a bit and a sup for a poor traveller soaked en- tirely wid the wet ?' 'Thus addressed, the brother and sister turned and gave a hearty wel- come to the man, inviting him to a place at the table, and sending the little serving maid, whose name was Martha, to get a cup and plate, while the eldest brother, Tom Mildan went in search of the black bottle without which, in those days, hospi- tality was deemed incomplete, am soon, Daniel was seated at the board enjoying a hearty meal and enlivening them with the news he had picked up in his travels,interspersed with many a sly joke aud neat compliment to Miss Julia, the sister. 'After supper had been cleared away, all drew around the fire, for it was early in the autumn, aud the storm was a cold one, Miss Julia and Martha plying their knitting needles and the three men smoking in the wide chimney corner, the pedlar still being the lite of the party. At eight o'clock the hand-maiden was sent to bed, in a room over the kitchen. Outside of her window was the sloping roof of a lean-to shed only partly enclosed, in fact, a kind of piazza, where milk pans were aired and work done in sum mei weather, where it was too warm to perform it with comfort inside ; there also the brothers would occasionally put their farming tools in one corner. ' At eight, then, as I said, Martha was sent to bed, but she had a bad cold in her head, abd a toothache, and those combined, kept her wakeful and restless, though she did not care to keep a light burning, for her mistress was very frugal, and gave her but a short end ot candle to light her to bed. ' At nine, Miss Julia always retired to her chamber in the front part of the house up stairs, the two brothers Tom and Joe occupying the back chamber, while down stairs, off the best room, was a small bed room where such strangers or visitors who chanced to come to the house were generally put. It was in the back part of the house, and the window looked out just to the right of the shed or piazza I spoke of; so that any person sitting at Martha's little case- ment window could see the light thrown from that window for quite a distance across the home farm and garden. ' Martha went up to bed, but, as I said, was restless, and rather dozed than slept. She heard Miss Julia come up, aud shut and fasten her door, for she was a little nervous, and had a bolt on it. Then she heard the men down stairs separate and the brothers come up to their room, and then, as she was wide awake, she got up and looked out that she might see the re- flection of the pedlar's light, because as she remarked, ''it would seem company like." ' She waited until his light was out, and then crept, back to her own bed ; but not to get much more sleep, than before, for, after dropping off into another doze, she was awakened by hearing softly falling footsteps de- scending the stairs, and sitting up in bed, wondered if it were near morn- ing; and her tooth beginning to ache again, Bhe got up and looked out of the window. The rain had ceased, and here and there a star was shining. "lt felt close, and warm in her stuffy little room, and so she opened the casement, and putting, her shawl around her, sat nursing her toothy and presentlyshe heard whispered voices. At first she could not distinguish the words, but after a while the voices were raised a little, and she heard from Tom --- ' "There was a hundred pounds, he said, in that pocket-book; no one knows he is here.'' 'The answer was in Joe's voice, but she did not hear; and then there was a long silence, and «be fell asleep with her head on the window sill. When she awoke again, there was a faint gleam of light thrown out from the pedlar's window, which startled her, as though it might be on fire; but as she looked all became dark again ; and feeling chilly, she went to bed, but presently was again awakened by hearing a dull heavy thud, and then something like a smothered cry. But again all was silence, and she was just dropping off to sleep when she heard voices, and springing from her bed, she saw from the window two men, with what seemed a heavy burden between them going across the farm, from the house, which frightened her so much that she thought she would go and wake Miss Julia ; but being afraid of a scolding if she disturbed her, resolved to go back to bed, which she did, and being very tired with her previous wakefulness, she slept soundly untill daylight, and then got up in a great hurry for fear she had overslept herself. ' When she opened her door the first person she saw was was Tom Mildan creeping down the back stairs, which were very steep, and, in fact, hardly better than a step ladder, lead- ing from just outside her door to the kitchen. When he saw her, he gave a great start, and turned quite pale, and she exclaimed ' " Oh, Mr. Tom, was anything the matter last night ? I could not sleep for the toothache, and I heard talking and saw some people going across the farm." ' While she was speaking, the man turned back, and pushing her into her room, said with an awful look --- ' " You lie, you hussy ! How could you see in the dark?" ' " But I did see, and there was a light in the pedlar's room, too." ' " That seemed to make him furious and seizing her by the arms, he shook her violently, telling her all the time in a hissing whisper '."You lie,you lie, you jade! you lie !" until she was too alarmed to speak. ' He stood for a minute thinking and then giving her another shake, made her promise not to speak of what she saw to any one ; and being thoroughly alarmed, she gave the promise, and was allowed to go down stairs, where she found Miss Julia preparing breakfast, and rather cross. When that meal was on the table, the mistress told Martha to call the pedlar saying crossly --- '"He, sleeps like a cow, the lazy fellow.!' ' Martha was going, but Tom inter- fered, and sent his sister, and while she was away, he again threatened Martha, if, she said a word of what she fancied she had heard the night be- fore. While they were talking Miss Julia returned, saying she had knocked until she was tired, and even opened the door a crack and called him, but the pedlar would not answer. ' " Well,' said Tom, ' let him sleep. I'll go see to.the cattle and call Joe. 'Presently Martha saw the two men talking earnestly, and when they came in, Joe said to his sister, --- No use waiting for that fellow ; he's miles away ; be told me last night he would start befjore day broke, and I see he got out of the window instead of the door.' ' On which Miss Julia started off to the room he had slept in, to see if her brother were right, and Tom shook his fist at poor Martha, and fiercely said, - ' "There, you little minx, you see it was Dan you saw going away. But dou't you -dare tell Julia, or she will be frightened, and I'll kill you !" 'So again Martha. promised to be silent, and almost forgot it before night, for everything went on as usual. Everythin in the kitchen, that is : but the men seemed strangely nervous, restless, and excited; and when, in the course of the day, a car- riage drove up to the door, they both turned pale and looked frightened; and this nervousness insteadof becom- ing less next day , seemed to increase, and sometimes, Martha would tremble as she found one or the other of them watching her. ' At last, when winter had set in, the two men declared that they were tired of farming ; it was too hard a life ; and though their sister pleaded with them to remain on the old place, nothing would do but that they would rent the place to a young farmer just married, and go to a, neighbouring town to live, which they did ; but first Tom gave Martha tweuty pounds, and told her to go to New Brunswick, where she could get a good place at service, and higher wages than they could give, adding that he hoped she had come to the conclusion that she must have dreamed, all she saw and heard that night ; that it made hin cross ; but he knew she was a good girl, so he wanted her to better herself. ' So Martha, not being very much given to reflection, thought it very kind in her master, took the money, and found a place in New Brunswick where she remained until her death, but told all this to her mistress, after hearing of the death, some years after of her two masters. ' The two Mildans and their sister hired a house in the town and lived there for awhile; then Tom began to show signs of insanity ; he was not violent, but frightened ; always look- ing behind him if in the street sometimes breaking into a run, if he saw one of the town officers coming, and hiding behind a tree, in a porch or any convenient place, muttering to himself incoherently, and then looking round with a cunning leer. Often he would be heard saying in a low tone, " A hundred pounds, Joe, a hundred pounds ! " ' He got thin and emaciated, and unable to work ; then his brother moved to another town, and his sister supported Tom by her needle, until, at last, one morning, he was found drowned in a shallow pond at the back of the town. Whether he walked in while wandering about in the night, as was his habit, or whether he had purposely drowned himself, was never known. 'The couple who had rented the farm remained there about two months, and then moved out; they said they could not stay there. Then another farmer took it in the follow- ing spring, and almost before the seeds were up, they too moved out of the bouse; and this continued for years. No cause could be assigned, only no tenant could be persuaded to live in the house, and sometimes it was empty for two or three years. ' At last a stranger took it, a man not given to fancies, with a buxom wife, who had plenty of common sense and very little imagination. For a while all went on well ; the house was put in order, and the farm began to flourish ; and then the neighbours noticed that Mrs. Wood was losing all her fine colour, and that her husband was subject to fits of ab- straction. It was the same story over again ; they had to leave. When asked the reason, they could only give the oft repeated one, " We could not live there," and Mrs. Wood added, "I would not live there another month for a fortune." ' They were the last tenants. Since that time the farm has been rented for pasture, but no one cares to go near the house. 'Meanwhile, the other brother, Joe, becoming very poor and unable to work, was sent to the poorhouse ; there he also became insane, and would sit for hours with his face buried in his hands, groaning and occasionally say- ing ' Only a hundred pounds, Tom, only a hundred, and he's dead, Tom, he's dead!' ' He would seldom speak or answer any question put to him ; the chap- lain endeavoured to find out what was on his mind, but a question seemed to fill him with uncanny cunning, and he would rapidly speak or any other subject ; so he also died, and apparently his secret was buried with him. 'But the bid proverb is true ; ' murder will out'. One of the parties who had the farm was one day digging near a large overhanging rock. It was sum- mer, and he wanted to keep some drink for his hay-makers cool so he he was digging down a little way to put the jug in, when he came to a piece of rotten bed-ticking. Think- ing it a queer find, he puiled it out, and there were pieces of decayed cotton, silk and other fabrics, and a small square box; beneath them the skeleton of a man, with some frag- ments of clothing still on it. The autho- rities were notified, and a coroner's inquest was held. Then it was re- membered that Daniel McCarthy had suddenly ceased coming round with his pack ; a few recollected that the firm who supplied him with goods had advertised for him as missing ; but newspapers were fewer then, and not often taken in the farming districts, and the whole thing was quite forgotten. The firm probably had supposed the man was dishonest, and had run off with the money and goods. Now, however, putting what was known of the brothers together, with the evidence of the skeleton and pack, and the strange fact that no one could live in the house, a verdict of wilful murder was returned against Thomas and Joseph, Mildan, now deceased. ' It was after hearing of this dis- covery that Martha related her own recollections of the eventful night. ' So ends my story of the ghostly house.'-Belfast Weekly Telegraph. 