THE CHRISTIAN CON FERENCE. The confcreuce under the auspices of the Ministers' Union was continued iu the Y.ALC.A.-huli yesterday afternoon, when there was an attendance of about 200 people. The Rev. C. Bright occupied the chair, aud on the platform with him were the Revs. T. S. Forsythe, M'Ncil, T. B. Tress, J. Southby, D. Smith, M.A., and W. G. Taylor, and Messrs. Mateer and Parker (evangelists). The meet ing was opened with prayer, after which a hymn was sung. The - subject for con sideration, "Christ's relation to the believers as Prophet, Priest and King," was opened by the Rev. D. Smith, M.A. Mr. Dowiug followed, and tho meeting was thrown open for general discussion. The Rcvb. Colvin, Straughan, T. S. Forsaythe and Messrs. Mateer aud Parker und several other gentlemen delivered short ad dresses on the subject. The proceedings were interspersed with hyiuns and prayer, the former being led by Mr. Parker, who presided at the organ. In the evening the chair was taken by the Rev. John M'Nkil (Prcsby teriau), who first ad dressed the congregation and begged them to make the meetiug not a head meeting but a heart meeting. They -had not dome there to criticise each other's beliefs, but to uuite in prayer and praise, and he hoped they would do that heartily. In the hope that the Holy Spirit might auimate them, they would sing hyrau 27ff, "Revive Thy Work, O Lord." Prayers haviug been offered up, . The Rev. John M'Nkil then delivered an ad dress upon "The Work of the Holy Spirit, Quickening, Sanctifying, Enduing," first read ing the lUtu chapter of the Gospei according to St. John, and then expounding from it. Ho thought nothing hindered the work of the Spirit so much as unbelief. That was tbe very taproot of the evil of that generation — nut drunken ness, not absence from churcli, but sheer uube- lief. He remembered being horribly struck by hearing a young Christian iu Melbourne ask at tho conclusion of ,a prayer meeting — " What is the Holy Ghost lie hoped no brother or sister there present was so tar off the rails as to think the Holy Spirit' w;u only au influ ence, /un "it." Ir so, he would pray that the Holy Spirit might litt them bodily on to the' rails again. But no ! He thought they all be lieved in the personality of the lloly Spirit, and that Hid influence was pervading their meeting theu aud at that moment. They needed the implanting of a new nature withiu them, not the patching up of an old oue, uud that was tbo work of the Holy Ghost. Except a mau was born again, that was " quickeued," he could not enter the Kingdom of God. Tliey must not think the "enduing from on high" was to be a separate institution so that the recipients would be sent forth like vessels charged with electricity. No. It simply meant Christ's power working through each Christian worker aud clothing him with power. Tho Rev. J. A. Sopku (Baptist) spoke upon the Bubject of " Baptism by Fire," pointing out that the property of lire was to trausform into its own likeness whatever it touched, as in the case of coal. So were all changed who were infused with the Holy Spirit, and they becumo fiery, spiritual aud purified of the world's rub bish collected in tbeir hearts. The Rev, W. G. Taylor offered np prayer, hymns were sung, aud a number of those pre sent having spoken ex ferny/ore, the conference adjourned uutil this afternoon. 