f Otifliy, or Ifoi^iiiliy. i \- Tbtterds tHe close of a * spting day, a travellet ! emerged frpme copse bordering the West Com- ' f ord-road/atid Eprin^ing over ttie stile, took the ?direction of Aspendale, a village about two ? miles distant. . His dress was of superior order, hnt ; travel-strained and neglected. A. few yards ; behind him, but unobserved by tha former, cams ? a pedlar. The £mo travailed on togother wnM : d^tanco, though thd padlar, beins aa ag«dman, ; gradually dropped behind. At last h« tornsd : aside into a Wo, and th« young man proceeded alone. .-.?'- :: The day' was of those balmy they sometime have in England; the sky of that soft bine-white it possesses only in the early year, when the spring is just verging into summer; all was bright and beautiful. The eweet, tender green of the trees charmed the eye- while the wild notes of the birds resounding from hill and dale made the air vocal with sweet sounds. Flowers be spangled the fields., blossoms hung upon the trees, and each and all gave forth their perfume to the evening breeze. It was one of those- glorious days when the heart opens and every vein thrills as it will with a new existence ; when we feel the Creator in the glad sunshine, the refreshing breeze near Him in the voice of nature, and see His beneficent hand in all His works ; when the heart worships Him under the broad blue heavens, and acknowledges, after all, that the fittest place for our adoration is the temple He Himself has raised. All was so calm and serene that the world., its toils, its sufferings, and it a. crimes, seemed as if tbey dare not intrude upon such a scene. And that traveller, did he appreciate ' this? 'We doubt if ever he even noticed the scene, for his thoughts were elsewhere. He was a man of about eight or nine and twenty, but looked rather older, for his face, though partially concealed by a thick beard, was pale and haggard ; yet for all that he was hand some. But though there was something in his aspect' and carriage that was graceful and easy, there was at the same time something about him repulsive, something almost dangerous in the expression of his dark and partly bloodshot eyes. There was nothing defiant about him, though, for he seemed broken and sad. Half an hour after he had leaped the stile he entered the village of Aspendale, and making his way to' the Eed Lion, seated hi-mcalf in the tap room,- and called for some brandy. There were several persons in the roorru who, after then* first stare at the stranger, went on with their conver sation without noticing him. The stranger, after eagerly swallowing the brandy, Eat quietly in a corner, enjoying the cool ness of the air which was wafted in at the open window, and seemed to listen anxiously to the conversation of his companions; 'Nation good luck that of Daniel Keen's,' said the elder of the two countrymen who were conversing, and whom big companion called Jack Finch. ' Nation good luck I must say, wasn't it?' ' Why, they do tell me as the squire left frirn a matter of two hundred pounds/' ' Aye, sure he did such, for I driv him over f other day to the bank to got the brads ; such a lot of yellow boys I Two hundred golden guineas all in a bag at once !' ?* Sovereigns, man, sovereigns; there ain't no guineas now/' interrupted Finch. ' Well, never mind, if s all the same, but 'twas werry good o' the squire to think of him, werry good. I told the old chap as he'd better put it in the Savings Bank, but he said as there wasn't no bank as he'd trust. It was safe enough with him.' 'Well, people has Strange notions ; ain't he a' living up there by hisself ? Tain't safe. Why, he might be robbed and murdered, and no one be any the wiser.' They were interrupted by the entrance of Peter Coombs^ the pedlar, who, having swung down his pack, turned round and thus addressed the com pany :— -? 'JToming to ye, Sluster Finch ; morning, 3Ius ter Brown ! Morning to you, sir.' This last observation was addressed to the traveller, who, at the sight of the pedlar, started and muttered a reply which was not distinguish able, and sunk back, as if wishing to avoid ob servation. ' No offence, sir, no offence, I hope,' said the pedlar, and, having called for a pint of beer, he sat himself down. 'Now, Peter,' said Finch, 'hast got any knives ?' ' Yes, sure I have,' answered the pedlar, pro ducing some from Vijr pack. 'Them's the sort, splendid steel — cuts like a razor.' ' Lef s look,' said Brown, who commenced try ing their quality on one of his horny palms. *? Have this one, Jack, fother's got a flaw in the blade close down by the handle, do yon see ?' ' Ah, so it has. Dang it, that's a pity 'cause I like that handle best. But come, Peter, whafs the damage, man ?' 'Two and sixpence.' 'Well, that ain't dear, as things go, is it, Brown?' ' No, I can say as it is ; only I wish that other one wasn't damaged, I'd have it myself. Tou ain't got another one, Peter ?' ' No,' replied the pedlar ; ' them's the only two I've got o' them sort ; but if you: like I will bring you one over the next time I come.*' ' That will do better ; and Peter, old chap, mind and pick us out a nice one. No flaws; old fel low.' The pedlar placed the knives baclt in his pack, and then commenced to devour huge pieces of beef and bread which he had brought with him. The countrymen having drank their beer, rose, and bidding Peter good-bye, and mumbling to themselves that yon stranger was a mighty uncivil chap, and they didn't half like the looks of him, departed. The. pedlar's meal being finished, he lit his pipe and began to smoke, but fatigued with a loBg walk, he soon laid his head on the taMe and fell asleep. About half an hour after this, when the pedlar awoke, the stranger was gone. Strapping' his pack, he proceeded to look for his stick. It was not here. 'Well, well,' said he, 'I could have sworn I brought that stick in with me ; but I, suppose I lef t it up at Daniel's place ; I'll just goljaekand see. T wouldn't lose my old horse for money/* . Cheerily strode the pedlar, up the hill leading to old Keen's house. He was an honest, faithful old man, and.his occupation led him through all parts' Of the country, fie had imbibed a strong love for the natural and', the -picturesque. The view which spread itself before him as ?- he rose to . the' crown of the hill was beautiful. He eat for some time drinking in its beauties, till the Jading light of sunset warned him it was time to be moving. Arrived at the house, the pedlar knocked at the door, but receiv ing no answer, he pulled the string, as he was 'wont, and pushed the door to enter, but it was fastened. - He tapped again and waited, but still no answer came. Daniel Keen's house was situated in a lone place, and was a much larger one than, was necessary fora single man. But he was rather a strange old fellow, and though the squire had offered to build him a comfortable cottage and let him live rent frea, he had refused. The house was his, he said, and it would Jast jiis time. He was born in it, and he would die inlt. He was at times strange in his manner, and h e villagers said he had never been right sinceh is wife died, and that she, poor -thing, had been killed, by the nnnlial conduct of , their son, who eight years since had left his home, iond had never been- heard of since. All sorts of gossip got about Janiongythe vilJager§— how ne was mixed up with a gang of . thieves an-i plunderers ; and of eo.urse none of the tales failed to reach the mother's ear. . ???'?,, . There was a sort of bond.between old Keen and the pedlar. For the pedlar's son had been mixed ujTin the same affair as young Keen, and the two had decamped on the same nighty but whether in s«joimpiEaiyn.one could :6ay. ? '.' '?''?'?', ? The pedlar waited a few moments, then tapped again. He wii3?begmhing tofeel uneasy. T%It was ^ Jearly, andorordiruiry circumstanc^, for ^fold ; r: ^Fi^a he had knocked again iie listened, JEor ^eifancied he heard footsteps descending tie stairf5.: j ^They.J^^roached. -tShe^oor spftLy, uqdjjjigjj heard some Sbe breathing shortly ;and qaid^jr'lwii tEe btherisideipf the door. V:--^/-.-''^ r.. ?,?:.. ,:?«-..? ' ' J| :?? 'Jk ftQother instant the door was opened, the pedlar entered, and it was quickly closed again and the bar dropped. Towards 10 o'clock the same, evening a cottager, who lived in the - ' West Comford- road, was aroused by a knocking at the door; first it was faint, and then louder. The cottager, who was in bed, got up and looked out of the window and saw a man at his door, pale and trembling. The man, whose name was Black* well, did not bear tha best of characters. He was a, notorious pouohar, but tha peasantry of that distrlot did not look upon that as a crime of so heinous a character as to causa a man to be an outcast, and so down the cottager came. ' Whafs the matter?' asked the' cottager when he had opened the door. ' You look as if you'd seen a ghost.' ? ' Something's wrong up at Keen's, Jack, and- if I ain't seen a ghost, I've seen something as would scare anybody. Bet my life you'd been scared-' ' What did you see, mate ?',' ' I'll tell you. Tbu see, I was jnst going down to Blissetf s bottom to see if I could find a hare or two, when, as I goes past old Keen's I sees a light moving about. Thinks I, that is funny. What's the old fellow adoing at this time of night ? I goes on, but somehow I didn't think it was all right, so I goes back, and just as I gets up to the door X sees the light pass from one room to the other. ' Surely,' says I, ' that's never old Keen,' and I knocked »t the door. The light had come into the sleeping room just before I knocked. As soon as I had, I heard foot steps go back up the stairs, but nobody came to the door, so then I looked in at the window. The shutters had not been fastened, and there I saw a terrible sight. The candle was on . the table, and on the floor lay a man, poor old Daniel, and I think he was dead, for his face was white, and there was blood on his clothes and all over the floor. Just as I was alooking in there was a noise and a cry, then a groan. I can tell you, mate, I was to scared I didn't stop for nothing, but run off here as fast as I could.' ' We'll go over,' Said the cottager, whose name was Berry, ' and call up Jabez Banks as we go along.' The two men started for Banks's cottage, and in less than half an hour the three were back at the lone house inhabited by Daniel Keen. All waa now dark, and the door resisted all their efforts. They were, therefore, obliged to return and iind some means of opening it. Meantime, let us return to the pedlar. No sooner waa the door closed and barred than a hand was on his shoulder. THa feet were knocked from under him, and he fell heavily on to the floor. He attempted to rise, but a blow from an unseen hand laid him prostrate, and the next instant a mist floated before his eyes, and the nest minute he was uneoncions. When he re covered his senses there was a light on the table, and a man with his back towards him was in the act of wrenching open one of the cupboards. The pedlar started as though he would rise. And the movement caught the quick ears of the robber, and he turned suddenly round. As the light flashed upon his face, the pedlar uttered a cry, exclaiming, ' Heaven have mercy on me, it is my own Fred I' 'Who are you?' cried the man, springing to ward him, but he suddenly recoiled. 'My father,' he cried. ' Oh, Heaven, have mercy 3 I did not mean to harm you- What cursed chance has brought you here ?' At the eight of his son, the old pedlar closed his eyes and sank back horror-stricken. But in a moment he opened them and fixed them on his son. ' Oh, Fred, my son/' said he, ' is it thus we meet? Oh, would to God that I had never lived to see this day.' Tne son cowered before the meek uplifted eyes of the. father. He stood for some minutes spell bound. The pedlar's lips moved as if in prayer, a shudder seemed to pass through his frame, and his eyes dosed. Believed of those reproachful eyes, the man's evil passions seemed to return. ' Ifs like my cursed ill-luck,' he said, seizing the candle. ' Where can the old fool have stored his money?' and he proceeded once more to search the house. After a time he noticed a door which he had npt previously opened. 'There was no key, but a blow from his powerful arm and it flew open. At first the room seemed empty, but a second glance showed in one corner an iron-bound box. To break open the box was the work of a moment, and the nest a heap of shining gold lay before him. With a cry of exultation ne commenced to transfer it to his poskets. When he had secured it all, he seized his candle and descended into the room below. There lay the bodies of his father and Daniel Keen. He was just looking at the pedlar's bodyrand thinking he was showing signs of breathing, when he was alarmed by a loud knocking at the door. He hastily set down the candle, and rushed upstairs. In a minute or two after there was a cry, a noise as of the falling of some heavy body, and a deep groan ; then all was stilL When the three men returned to old Keen's house, they brought with them a lantern and a crowbar. The door was forced, and a sorrowful sight met their view. The room bore evidence of a struggle. Before them lay the bodies of the two old men, weltering in blood. On examining the body of the pedlar it was evi dent that life was not extinct, and one of the men set off to the village to give the alarm, and to procure medical aid. In the meantime the other two proceeded to search the house. As they ascended the stairs they were alarmed by a sound, but from whence it proceeded they could not exactly tell, but it seemed as though it came from an upper room. It was a low, hollow sound, as of some one in pain. They stopped to listen, but all was silent. They advanced slowly and cautiously up the stairs, for -now they felt certain that the murderer was in the house ; and though . they were not positively cowards, they fearedhe might spring upon them unawares and at an j moment. On they went, now startled, by the loud creak ing of the stairs, and now alarmed by the echo of their own exclamations of terror. Then came a low wafling, as if the wind was moaning, in melancholy cadence, in the trees Out side, and they stopped again. Was it the wind, ox was it a human cry? These were the questions they asked each other again and again, as they proceeded, with many stoppings and great excitement, and; searched every room injthe house. ' On their return they looked in at 'the rooms that had been shut up. At one moment they thought they saw a form moving in the dim shade at one end of the room. Jufit at that moment a gust; of wind extinguished the candle, -which one of them had incautiously taken out of the lantern, and they -were left in darkness. Without waiting for anything more the two men made their way. downstairs .and procured another light. At this moment they were joined by the doctor and his assistant, together with the village constable and others; and now, emboldened by numbers, they searched the house thoroughly^ but no trace of the murderer could be discovered. The doctor .pronounced Daniel Keen to be dead. But there was life still in the pedlar, and he hoped, lor toe best. The excitement was great in Aspendale the next morning, and in the course of the day it reached as far as West Comfiord, and strange rumors were circulated.' . , Circumstances also transpired which, in the minds of most paople, seemed- to fix the murder upon the pedlar. The instrument with which the deed was perpetrated vproved- to' be the very knife which the conntayinan, 3rpw|ir had refused to buy on account of 'the flaw in. -the blade, and -which was known to have been in ^iis possession a few hours before the murder was diEcovered. Some eaid that the pedlar; himself was des perately wounded; but others said that that was no obstacle to his guilt, as the old -man might have turned upon. him. ^;; / ?- 'NV ri . ^ ? Another thing which favored this idea was that though the pedlar had. partially recovered, he refused to give any account jof the transaction. An inquest was held, but nothing'' .transpired to, 'thwiw^ttay -'farther. %ht»r-6i'*:!j^' ^ysjfecy,''&xcept; : that Blackwell affirmed lie looked *hro$gh,the keyhole and ie * fancied he ;Eaw^the : face -of a-m&2i, -v '-andi^f ? ???:=at v .'-iras-if. a man .? ? he-.;,mgB \j»- |Be-ssifed.' '''.to .'. !™iiyt' JPiiw^B? ;3HJB3k'|j^- ' :': |-&3ksb| ||te .;Jift3 ; - po^iig«aPiti JtatjartSKftt :, J-f ttj^M^Rpit^Sr jfiiip^ anyone setn him after he left the publi-J-house- The search for the stranger having passed, - public suspicion next' fell upon Blackwell, and he was arrested. ' . . . ? On hearing thiB Peter Coombs was greatly: . excited, and a report' was circulated that the pedlar had confessed. In the course of the following day unfavonable symptoms set in, and before midnight the pedlar had breathed hia last. The last word that ho spoke was in attestation of BlackwalTs innocence, and his last act to sign a deposition to that effect, but nothing could iifdupa him to say anything more. ? This -was .enough ; and in the estimation of everyone Peter Coombs died a murderer. And did the real murderer escape.? Let us see. Of Daniel Keen's son nothing more . was ever : ' heard. Tn the old man's will he had forgiven . him, and all he had was to have been his son's, but no trace of him could ever be found. Some months after, the house in which this foul deed had been perpetrated was pulled down. It waa then discovered that there was1 a - back staircase communicating with an upper room. The stairs, from decay, had fallen, and at the bottom was discovered the remains of a man in an advanced state of decomposition. On ex amining the clothes the whole of the two hun- . dred sovereigns, and many other valuables, were found on him, besides papers proving hia identity. It was the pedlar's dissipated and long-lost son. Thus, in the moment of hia supposed triumph, with the gold which had tempted him in his pos- ' session, did the Almighty wreak his vengeance on, the murderer and parricide. A. W. 