Presentation to H. TV, , Potts, Esq., ' Chiltern. ' . On Friday evening,, the ' 5th instant, about thirty gentlemen met Mr. Potts at the Star Hotel to bid bint farewell on his depart lire from Chiltem. - A -capital dinner bad hr.en provided by Host i nge, nnd .T.-Onelc. Esn.. nnminied flip, nliuir. with the guest of the evening on his right. Tho Rev. Mr. Moorhouse (Anglican) filled tho vice-chair. . After grace had been said by tbe vice-cbairmnn, no time was lost in get ting to work, and for a time tbe rattle of cutlery, popping of corks, nnd jing ling of glasses, made merry and unin terrupted music. In due time the carvers ceased from labour, and the weary were at rest. But not long bad we to ruminate. Our chairman wns no laggard, nnd having charged our glasses, " The . Queen " was drunk, a verse of our National Anthem auug, and' many a hearty " God- bless her" was heard. ' The Chairman then proposed " Our Guest," and in a very happy manner expressed the general regret at his de parture, nnd very nicely blended in the reading of the address, which he then presented to Mr. Potts. The address is a beautiful piece of design and writing, and renects great creaic on Messrs. Fergusson and Mitchell, of Collins-street, Melbourne, from whom it was obtained. It reads as follows : — '< To H. TV.;Potts„Esq. Donr Sir, — Although your residence in Chiltern lias heen biit of- short duration, your follow-townsmcn foci thoy cannot oilow you to depart from thnm without expressing their high appreciation of your character an a man and a citizen. From your arrival amongst ns you entered moat heartily into . overy matter of public moment, and while in (loiug so you did not in tho slightest neglect yonr business whioli, owing to its particular nature, was a public boon. In a city liko Melbourne you will not : only have greator Beope for Cxeroising your enterprise and indust-y, tberoby. wo hope, benefiting yourself, but you will also havo a, wider field wherein you will ho enabled by yonr skill ond ability to materially assist in relieving the sufferings of tho ever-present afflicted. Your genial disposition nnd uniformly courteous mnnner, "combined wiih tho energy diBplayod in ovorytbiog you havo undertaken to forword, liavp won, the os- teem of all with whom yon linvn boen publicly < r privately aBSOoiated, Whilo wo ! regret yo 'r ear'7 departure flon thfe township, whevj yu hav® B.. fulIy elab'- fished yourself id our uUecturas, yot war ) most heartily wish yon and y.0111' S?od God-speed, good health, long ''fe, ana prosperity wherever you may be. .Signed on bulialE of the subscriber;! try J. Geoff, J.P. Rev. .T. Moorhoobii. Dr. F. Haley. B. J. Bartley, J.P. J. Strickland, J.P. R. H. Carlinoton. After the reading of the address, the toast was drunk enthusiastically. : Mr. Potts, on rising to reply, wiia re ceived with prolonged applause. He acquitted himself in a very felicitous manner, and spoke vory feelingly of the kindness he bad received in Cbiltern. The following toasts were got through without any difficulty : — Mr. Bartley, "The Educational' System," responded to by our local Philomath ; Mr. Lam bert, "The Commercial Interest," re spondent Mr. Scott, jun., cu resp-Midfiiit Mr, O. Smith; Mr. Kilgour, "The Medical Profession." Dr. ITuley re sponded, and spnke in very high terms of Mr. Potts, nnd the valuable aid such a thoroughly well qualified chemist was to a medical practitioner. He believed that it would be found even in Mel bourne, where Mr. Potts wns going to carry on business, that there were Hone superior, and perhaps but few equal to him. Rev. Mr. Moorhouse (vice chair), " The Banking Interest," acknowledged by Mr. Lambert (Bank of N.S TV.) and Mr. Donaldson (Australasia); Mr. Strick land, "Tbe Shire Counoil." In this case Mr. Kilgour was made respondent, and Messrs. Bartloy and Murtiu co respondents. Unanimous verdict — They did quite right. Mr. Moore, " The Mining Interest." This gave our genial chairman an opening, and he jnst spread himself and filled up that open ing very artistically. Mr. Thompann, "Our Fire Brigade." Captain Sexton and Mr. Mackay thoroughly agreed with the speaker in all the kind things he said about them. Mr. Peel, " The Ag ricultural Interest." Again Cr. Martin had to assume the perpendicular. Mr. Carlington, " Oar Clergy," suitably ac knowledged by the Vice-chairman. Then "The Ladies," followed by Mr. Potts with " Old Identitities." and Messrs. Strickland and O. Smith could have kept us all night interesting us with descriptions of tbe Ovens in the good old days. "The Host and Hostess," "The Chairman," — and the meeting ad journed. During the evening tbe following gentlemen supplied the vocal music Messrs. Cock, Bartley, Potts, Wain, Page, nnd Kilgour. A very pleasing/surprise was success- tuny carried out by some maies, woo had purchased a very handsome gold bracelet set with diamonds, and after Mr. Potts had received his address from the hands of tbe chairman he jiad to transport himself to the other end of the table, and receive the handsome present for his amiable better-half. When the fact became known that it was n present from tbe ladies many wore a perplexed look, evidently wondering if their dear ones at home bad been privy to the matter without acquainting their lords. If so, some of the hundred and thirty- nine articles of the' marriage compact bad been broken. For my own part, I was in doubt whether when I roaohed my domicile to hold a judicial inquiry, or to keep a judicious silence. A man is a fool thnt doesn't learn by experience. I decided to adopt the lat ter course. A most enjoyable evening, and one that will be Icing remembered, was brought to a close about the time when "ghosts hiiiig out their washing. There was n sort of informal continua tion of tbe meeting afterwards for the .consideration of some momentous busi ness." I don't quite clearly recollect wliiit it was about, and as the vagaries in my note-book referring to .jt - are cer tainly, not in my handwriting I decline to publish them as antbentia history. 