LYNCH FAMILY BELLRINGERS. The country tour of the popular, campanologians is prov- ing a very successful one, and they should by no means have any reason to regret their prolonged stay in the colony, since leaving Sydney the company have visited the Maitland and Dungog districts, where they were highly appreciated and at present are attracting large audiences in the Taree and Wingham country. During Christmas and New Year the Lynch Family will visit Port Macquarie and Kempsey, A concert by a choir of children, under the conductorship of Mr. J. W. Turner, assisted by Messrs. Dupain, Barton, Dumoulin, and several lady and gentlemen friends, was given on Monday evening at St. Barnabas schoolroom. A well- selected programme, excellently rendered, elicited frequent and hearty applause from the audience. The Rev. J. Barnier, who presided, highly complimented Mr. Turner upon the training of the children, as shown by their clever performance. In the notice of the Liedertafel concert, a well-deserved compliment was omitted. Mr Delany, who scored the Christmas Hymn, most ably conducted the concert, and to run in a great measure the successful performance, was nue. Mr. Chas. Huenerbein efficiently accompanied the songs, and Mr. Greiner and his coadjutor in the second violins did very good service, while Herr Wiukehnann's cello well atoned for the absence of the bassoon. Although the cantata " The Flower Queen" was performed for the first time by the Cleveland school children on Friday last, a correspondent writes to say that the first I performance of the work was directed by Mr. J. Churchill Fisher 20 years ago, and that the same conductor has given other renderings of the music since. The Alhambra Hunt Club Picnic still Balls merrily along at Mr. Frank Smith's popular place of amusement in the Haymarket. Last evening the hall was well filled, and the performance received with great applause, Messrs. Fanning, Shipp, Violet Kingnloy,-.ind the company, being entirely successful in their efforts to amuse their audience. There will be a complete change of programme on Monday next. On Friday next, December 24, Mr. D'Arcy Read's " Ghost Rotlivivus '* will make his first appearance at the Masonic Hall, York-street. The Strasburg Clock, which is on view at Apollo Hall, Kidman's buildings, Market-street, every day from 2 till 6, and from 7 till 10, has drawn good audiences during the week, and is well worth a visit. 