THE LATE ARCHBISHOP OF MELBOURNE. THE MONTH'S MIND. The " month's memory of the late Archbishop of Melbourne was celebrated yesterday in St Patrick's Cathedral, which again displayed emblems of mourning on the altars, the pulpit, and the communion rail Ten o'clock was the hour appointed for the opening of the office for the dead, and at that time about 3,000 persons had assembled within the building Seventy five priests from various colonial dioceses took part in the chanting of the office, and as they filed out of the sacristy, crossed the sanctuary, and took up their allotted seats around the catafalque the " Dead March was played on the organ, the whole of the congregation standing Following the priests in the procession came the Right Rev Dr. Murphy (Bishop of Hobart), the Right Rev. Dr Murray (Bishop of Maitland), the Right Rev Dr. Reynolds (Bishop of Adelaide), and the Right Rev Dr. Rev the. Coadjutor bishop of Sandhurst. Then came the Cardinal Archbishop of Sydney, attired in a scarlet soutane and a red baretto. The Cardinal having been seated on the throne, the chanting of the " Olhcium De sanctorum" was commenced, the clergy on the right of the catafalque being led by the Rev P. J. Aylward, and those on the left by the Rev. J. L. Hegarty. During the office the visiting prelates occupied chairs within the sanctuary, where also Bat the two Victorian Knights of St Gregory the Great, Dr. Brown less and Mr W H Archer 'The office having closed with the singing of the "Benedictus, ' a solemn Requiem Mass was offered up by the Bishop of Adelaide, with the Venerable Archpriest O'Meara as assistant priest, the Rev. Dr. Corbett as deacon, Dean England as subdeacon, and Dean Donaghy as master of ceremonies 'The incidental music on these occasions is usually supplied by an unaccompanied chorus of the clergy, but yesterday a large choir of city and suburban vocalists attended at the rendering of Mozart's sublime Requiem Mass This renowned work was heard for the first time in Melbourne yester da), and Mr W R. Furlong, the conductor of the cathedral choir, is to be congratulated on the completeness with which it was produced The music is of the most lofty and impressive e character, having been composed by Mozart under the influence of a presenti- ment that it would be his last work on earth, as, indeed, it proved to be. A portion of it was actually written on his death-bed. The setting of the hymn, "Dies real, dies This," is particularly majestic and dramatic in its character, the music being a striking reflex of the solemnity of the words The solo parts were well sustained by Signora Coy, Miss 0 Hanlon, Signor Coy, and Mr. W. R, Furlong, whilst Messrs. A Harley and C bj lees did duty at the organ. When the mass had concluded, the Very Rev T Cahill, S J , ascended the pulpit and pronounced a panegyric on the deceased prelate He chose as his text the seventh and eighth verses of the fourth chapter of the Second Epistle of St Paul to Timothy : " I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith. As to the rest, there is laid up for me a crown of justice, which the Lord, the just judge, will render to me in that day " A month ago, he said, with sorrowing hearts and tearful eyes, they saw the grave close over the mortal remains of the first archbishop of Melbourne. The vast crowd which filled the cathedral, and the still larger crowd which could not not God place within its walls, proved how wide spread was the feeling of sorrow, and how sincere the desire to honour the memory of the great and good man who had pushed away. In the crowd were seen thousands who belonged not to the Catholic Church By their presence they desired to honour the memory of the deceased archbishop, and to express sympathy with their Catholic brethren in their sorrow, and they might be assured that their Catholic brethren were grateful for their presence and for their sympathy). On that day, which was a day of mourning for the Catholic Church in Vienna, and in all Australia, they were oppressed by the thought of the great lies of the loss which they had sustained. 'They could look back with gratitude and with pride on the life and works of the first archbishop of Melbourne Ills career would occupy a large space in the history of the Catholic Church in Australia. It would be for the historian to describe in detail that pontificate of 83 years. He could but treat of a few of its more important events and indicate its spirit. It seemed to him that the words in which St. Paul, the most perfect model of the Christian bishop, described his own career, and told what were his hopes when that career was drawing to a close, might be most aptly applied to the apostolic career of the Most Reverend James Alipius Goold, the first archbishop of Melbourne. The apostle, for the edification and guidance of the future bishops of the Catholic Church, was compelled by the spirit of God to write recording his own apostolic career things which, in his humility, he would have left unwritten In the words which he had cited the apostle founded his hopes of future reward on two things which distinguished his apostolic his, fidelity and courage When the late archbishop arrived here in 1849 he had but half a dozen priests to assist him, hardly) any churches had been erected, and the Catholics of the diocese of Melbourne numbered but a few hundreds. And now, after the lapse of one generation, they saw in Melbourne a magnificent cathedral which promised one day to rival the historical cathedrals of older lands, and all over this colony;, they saw churches, schools, and religious houses thickly studded. Their departed prelate had the courage to undertake the building of that vast cathedral, and the erection of so many other houses devoted to religion and charity, because he knew his people. He knew well the strength of their inherited faith The words of the apostle, " I have fought the good light," most strikingly illustrated the character of the late archbishop In the year 1872 there commenced in this colony a war between secularism and Christianity, and from the beginning of that struggle to the day of his death Dr Gould continuously manifested his zeal and courage in fighting the battle of Christ. They could. recall the strong words with which his Grace had condemned the secular system of education in this colony at its very inception, but, in the light of the heavy responsibilities of a Christian bishop, the words of condemnation were not too strong With his mind illuminated by the light of God, the Christian bishop saw in the secularism of the day the germs of anarchy, socialism, and the at tempted destruction of civilised society The Christian religion was the only efficient guardian and preserver of social order in the world there must inevitably be periods of depression in trade and manufactures from time to time, during which workmen would be thrown out of employment, and subjected to poverty and suffering is during those periods of depression the working classes had not learnt the patience under difficulties and misfortunes inculcated by the Christian religion, they would come to look upon those in authority as tyrants, and social disturb unces would ensue Hence the prime importance of hunting in the mind from the earliest are those Christian precepts of patience under trials, and submission to lawful authority It was against this growing evil of secularism that their late archbishop him perpetual!) warred he loved his flock and in a special manner did he love the little ones of the flock. He looked upon them as a sacred trust committed to his charge by God. It was in their interests and for their welfare that he offered such uncompromising opposition to the legislation of secularism in this country. He did not live to see the crowning victory in the struggle in which he had so long been engaged But they all hoped, as the archbishop always hoped, that the struggle would one day come to an end. Catholic emancipation in the old country was delayed for a long time, but after many disappointments the triumph came at last. Within our own time the great empire of Germany had arrived all its strength and power against the Catholic Church, with the result that now the struggle was over, and the author of the Ma) laws was seen doing homage to the Viceroy Jesus Christ And so it would one day be with the struggle between secularism and Christianity in this colony he would urge the Catholics of the arch diocese of Melbourne to enshrine in their heart the lesson taught by the late and death of their first archbishop-lidehty to the Catholic faith He would exhort them to be renewed in their courage, to continue to fight the good fight, to march car in confidence in the certain assurance of ultimate victory. Let them all prove themselves to be good Catholics, and worthy children of their Church. '1 has they would be imitating the example of their first archbishop, and, like him, would receive the crown of eternal his 'The anthem, "Liberal me Domine," having been sung, and the Cardinal having pronounced the final a solution, the ceremonial terminated In the evening the cathedral was densely crowded, it having been announced that the cardinal would then deliver his first public address in this city. He chose as his text the following words from the 28th chapter of the gospel according to St. Matthew -" All power is given to me in heaven and in earth , go ye therefore, teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and behold I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world. " These words he said were the charter of the church's authority, and the covenant of Heaven's blessings to the end of time. The disciples to whom these words were addressed by the Saviour of the world were not sent to any particular nation but were commissioned to spread the kingdom of God throughout the world And their lawfully appointed successors for all time were in vested with the same divine commission to preach and to teach Human empires and di Hastie's pass away with the revolving area but the spiritual kingdom of Christ upon earth was to either no change or eclipse. the successors of the early disciples would be the depositories of the powers of Christ and the heralds of divine truth until the consummation of the world. The spiritual kingdom of Christ on earth had one visible centre in the successor of St. Peter at Rome, the chief pastor to rule over the whole flock and the great central authority whom all must obey That day, and during the past four weeks, they had been lamenting, the loss of a good and great man who had worthily exercised the spiritual apostolate in their midst for well nigh -10 j ears, They were mourning the loss of a spiritual father and a true and faithful shepherd of the flock whom he had been appointed to govern the whole Australian church mourned his loss for he was indeed a pillar of strength and an ornament of their holy religion. It was not easy to estimate the amount of good that had been accomplished by James Alipius Goold due at, his half century of active Chris tina work on this continent. When Dr Goold returned from his first visit to Home and landed at Sandridge be walked from that suburb to the church of St Francis in Lonsdale street without meeting a solitary building Since that time a great and magnificent city had sprung into existence on the silent land then traversed by Dr Goold and amongst the buildings of the populous Melbourne of to day the churches and colleges and houses of religion that claimed the departed prelate as their founder were not the least conspicuous or the least important The new dioceses of Ballarat an 1 bund hurst that were formed on his recommendation to the sovereign Pontiff were fully equipped in every respect for the promotion of religion and the salvation of souls TROUBLE not a prelate at the time it was Dr Goold's privilege to be honoured with a seat in the first Australian Synod held in Sydney in September 1844. It was worth noting that this synod was not only the first under the auspices of the church in Australia, but it was the first public Catholic synod held in the British dominions since the Reformation In other parts of the British Empire so much bigotry prevailed so many delUsions were afloat concerning the doctrines and discipline of the Catholic Church that it was found impossible for the bishops to assemble in public conference. Happily- a great many of those delusions had been dispelled and Australia was entitled to the credit of being the first portion of the British dominions to throw no obstacles in the way of the prelates of the Catholic church meeting in public conference In the second Synod or council which met in Melb}Jiueinl8bl Dr Goold took a prominent part and his princely hospitality won all hearts. Union tunately the late archbishop was unable through infirmity to attend the third council in Sydney last year No less than five times did he visit Home the centre of authority and he was a member of the Vatican Council of 1870 71 perhaps the greatest council in some respects that marked the history of the church On that occasion he brought with him to Rome several nuggets of Australian gold and it was with these nuggets that the commemorative medals presented to each of the 800 bishops who attended the council were made. The cardinal concluded with an earnest admonition to the young members of the late archbishop s flock to be good practical Catholics as Dr Goold had always desired them to be to illustrate their faith in their lives to be ready to defend it when necessary and to be living exemplars of the truth and the teaching of Jesus Christ At the close of his address the cardinal invested 18 young men with the ribbon and medal of the sodality of the Blessed A read and afterwards yne the benediction of the Blessed Sacrament. Several selections from Rossini's Stabat Mater were admirably rendered by the choir under the conductorship of Mr. W li. Fur long 