ACTA POPULI. By the Flaneur. Sir Henry Parkes succeeded in scoring another Cadmaean, 'or most disastrous victory on Friday night. Just as Sir Patrick was tooling the coach of State along in a style -that raised all our hopes, the Artful Dodger of St.- Leonards, slipped, up, and, by placing the ' constitootional' block be tore the wheels, hauled, everything up to a stand still once again. By his unseemly dragging in of the New Hebrides question, he succeeded in checking the delivery of, what the country I has been on the tiptoe to hear for weeks, viz.,! the financial policy of the present Government. From the very moment of his last election, Sir Henry determined to work , himself back to power' by hook or by crook, and in order to achieve this, he resolved to think no more' of the sincerity of a friend than of , the chivalry of a foe. He has fixed his heart on securing the foremost place in 'the land, and if he can't- get in-by the front door he will shin over . the garden wall, or creep ? up through a back sewer, as he has often done be fore. Beyond ' all doubt; the New Hebrides ques tion is a most important one at present, but it is safe to say that, no .one is verdant enough to believe that- :the Dodger has introduced it on patriotic; grounds alone. He cannot even take credit for being one of the first ,tb see the danger. He - simply caught up the . cry which he heard on all sides, and then' com placently appropriating the notion to himself, jho , sailed in as the only original patriot, just as !he did when he filched poor Greenwood's brains over the Education question. There are hundreds of persons mooning round to-day who, as Jean Paul would say, lay the eggs of their acts or deep thoughts without any nest — on the naked rock. Sir Henry has made it the principal business pf his life to go fossicking about in search of these eggs, and when found, he coolly dances about, and cackles, and does all ho knows to make people believe they are his own special laying. It is on those occasions when he brings forth a patriotic motion, however, that he requires the most careful watch ing. It has been truly said that when you swop horses with a jockey you require to keep both your eyes on your horse; but when you trade with a church elder you require to keep both eyes on the elder, and on his horse as well. So it. is with our political hucksters of the present day. When the majority of them table a motion drawn up ' solely for the public good,' that motion re quires to be carefully handled, in order to see whether it's thoroughly sound or not ; but when Sir Henry comes along with an article of that sort you must not only examine it inside and out, but you must take mighty great care that the dealer doesn't have you for -all you're worth while you're fooling round his wares. There can be little doubt but the patriotism which inspired Sir Henry to block the Financial Statement with his New Hebrides motion is as shady as that which caused him t'o raise the poor old Kiatna Ghost, and that it matters little to him who rules in our Southern Isles, providing he rules the roost in New South Wales. From time to time we hear rumours to the effect that the ' Parkes party' has resolved to do this, that, and the other, but as no one of any, greater calibre than an Abigail, a Neild, or a Henson over comes to the fore on these occasions, there are quite a number of persons who doubt if this Parkes party is composed of anything' more substantial than his Fenian phalanx was. in days of yore. Peraonally, I see . no reason why there should not be a Parkes party -of a certain class. In a community of the blind, the first one-eyed man who enters is always made a king, and therefore, it is only natural that the wily old dodger with his one idea of self-glorification should have a crowd of 'the small political fry following at his heels. Sydney .Smith tells us that if you take a blow-fly and look at it through a microscope you will see 20 or 30 ugly little insects clinging thereto ; each of these think their particular fly is the grandest and most important thing in the universe, and that the whole world would collapse at 'once if i their worshipped fly should cease to buzz. Therefore, it is small wonder to find the political little midges of the Abigail-cum-Henson type ready at any moment to stand up .and proclaim that the country must infallibly go to ruin unless their big fly is allowed to perch on its head, and do the buzzing. As an example of the truth of the prophet Jeremiah's remark, 'By reason of their great learning men become fools,' it would, be hard to find a more suitable subject than that prince of historical fiction writers, Mr. Froude— or, as the country compositor most appropriately set up the name — Mr. Fraude. Speaking recently at an emigration meeting at home, for instance, this modern Munchausen observed : — 'The Mayor of Eaglehawk in Victoria told me their only want was population, and that they could take the whole population of Glasgow to-morrow and find employment for them.' In the way of taking a 'rise' out of 'Mr. Fraude' this was particularly good, but the mischief of it is, that that highly gullible gentleman will travel round proclaiming his own foolishness to the world, and many of those who do not know him may be induced to break up their comfortable homes and start in search of that funny old bird, the Mayor of Eaglehawk's, El Dorado. Eaglehawk is a place about the size of a bullock- driver's damper, and considering the difficulty we have experienced in finding work for a few men in Sydney, it is safe to say that the, 'whole population of Glasgow' will find themselves rather hungry, and crowded too, if they ever act on James Anthony's hint, and chance their luck in the Cabbage Garden. Of course it never occurred to this historical muddler that tbe man was alive who could fool a party of his phenomenal acumen, and hence we can expect that he will go on repeating his traveller's tales until some returned and disgusted emigrant raps him over the head with a club as heavy as some of his own writings. Apropos of James Anthony, I am told that in a certain part of his 'Oceana' he says that Sir James Martin, whilst a member of our own honourable Senate, was distinguished by his com manding presence, and his thundering ayes. That's all right ; but as Mr. Fraude was evidently in a frisky humour at the time, he might have chipped in a word for Sir 'Enry as well, and told us all about his thundering nose. Speak up, Jimmy 'Fraude,' and tell us more of your truthful tales. Were it not for the fact that Sir Alfred Stephen is the personification of Goldsmith's Good-natured Man, he would be dancing round to-day as mad as a wet hen, for not only is he likely to experience some trouble over his inspired Divorce Bill, but, as a matter of fact, that downy old gent. Judge Dowling, has actually jumped his claim, as if were, and has now started granting divorces as coolly ,as if he were the party with whom the glorious privilege originated. In one of our Northern towns a few days ago, a very much dis guised gentleman was found guilty of pounding his wife to a jelly, and on passing his opinion! of the party and the pastime, Judge Dowling ob served — ' The sentence of the court is that, in lieu of five years' penal servitude, you be imprisoned and kept to hard labour in her Majesty's gaolatMait land for three -years. And I add to the sentence that this woman, your wife, should no longer be bound to cohabit with you ; which declaration, the Act says, shall have the effect in all respects of a decree of judicial separation on the ground of cruelty.' ?. This is taking Sir Alfred's ' inside running ' with a vengeance, for if it is lawful for a judge to grant judicial ? separation on a 3 years' sentence, what on earth is the use of our worrying to pass a Divorce Bill which cannot act on anything under a stretch or v years.1' Jiowever, judge Dowling deserves a good word for the prompt measures he is taking to shut down on our noble army of wife thumpers, and, by the way, it' wouldn't be a bad idea if our worthy Judge formed himself into a sort of missionary society, and started off to preach to the white heathens of England. In the barbarous parts of that be nighted land, it appears that there are clubs formed of persons who have been convicted of the noble art of pummelling their better halves into pulp, and whenever an unfortunate brother is fined for indulging in his favourite recreation, the secretary of his club unlocks the cash-box, and planks down the fine. This is scarcely a praiseworthy state of things for the land whose proud boast is that the man who would raise his hand to a woman — except in self-defence — iB un worthy of the name of a Ber-ritish sailor. It's the truth, however, and truth is too scarce just now not to give her a. chance to shine. when an opportunity offers. Quite a breezy little scene appears to have en livened the entertainment provided for the good (and bad) people of Goulburn by Mr. Freethinker Collins on Friday night, during his lecture on Secularism, or the World's Salvation. With the most unfortunate zeal, two rash divines — Dr. Ellis and Canon D'Arcy Irvine— stood up and gave the gifted gabbler a splendid free advertise ment by honouring his ridiculous rot with their public opposition. Canon Irvine declared, from the body of the hall, that he would bring a man of Mr. Collins's weight forward on Monday night, who would knock the Freethought champion clean out of the theological arena in one round. With all due deference to the good Canon, I think he has made a mistake in his man, Mr. Picton, and that should the pair ever meet, the irreverent Collins will send his opponent to hunt grass at every blow. The fact is that the position of the one is just as faulty as the other, but the Freethinker makes up for his weakness by a glib tongue, and a smart style of sparring. Canon Irvine declared Me Collins did not touch the Protestant religion at all, but merely attacked ' the Romish Church before the Reformation.' This of course was soon knocked into a cocked hat by the lecturer, but Dr. Ellis got a few digs home by pointing out that Mr. Collins had made several mistakes during the course of his oration, and thereby proved himself to be, like the bulk of his party, nothing more than a superficial reader, and a generally all-round unlearned man. Canon Irvine then came again on his second wind, and a scene ensued which caused persons outside to imagine that a lot of navvies had either started a free fight in the hall, or else that it was occupied by the frisky members of a Presbyterian Synod who were holding one of their hit-and-kick-where-you- can re-unions. Nothing can be more foolish than to attempt to combat with these agnostic disturbers of the public peace after the fashion of these pair of Goulburn divines. As a rule, these itinerant Tom Paines are men who study a little, presume a great deal, and then jump to a conclusion which suits themselves. Some may be sincere enough, in their way ; but the majority of them take to the lecturing desk. simply beoause it affords them an easy way of securing a tidy living. They assert that Christianity is anti-progressive, but they conveniently hide the fact that it possesses its 400,000,000 disciples to-day, while the infidel crowd can barely raise its hundreds. And then again, what is their teaching but an incessent babbling about negations which were raked up and worn bald-headed thousands of years ago? What can Mr. Collins, or the very latest high priest of what Carlyle aptly termed the Doctrine of Dirt, tell us that we have not heard before ? Let them give us something new, or something better than we now believe, or else give us a rest altogether, for we have heard all that even a Voltaire could say on the subject, and when he made no impression on us what show of converting us have those very small mites in a very big cheese, the Walkers, Yorks, and Collinses of the present day ? From time to time we are told that Colonel— in America everyone with a clean shirt and a penny shave is a Colonel — Colonel Bob Ingersoll has never yet been put down by any opponent. That, however, proves nothing in support of his theories. We can say the same of our own Dave Buchanan, who can argue from both sides and the middle of the question, and still hold his own against all comers. Colonel Bob, however, once met with a common-sense rebuke, which doubled him up like a small boy after a dose of green apples, and if I remember rightly, the rebuke ripped along in this wise. 'After all is reckoned up, Robert, you and your crowd are talking business to a people who do not take risks especially fire risks. If you are right, you won't have a dump's worth of advantage over the Christian, but if you're wrong Robert, you'll get badly left, and it won't be a cold day with you either. You will find yourself in a land where ' Tom and Jerry's ' will be at a discount, and the ice-cream man's horn will be sweeter music to your ears (when you hear it) than Beethoven's best symphony, or even the high kicking chorus in an opera bpuffe. That, you may say, is a cowardly view of it. A merchant, as you would put the case, does not know that his store will be burnt down, therefore he does not insure. He would be a mighty soft-headed merchant who would act like that, and yet this is the jackass policy you would have us act upon in a far greater matter than the loss of a hay and corn store, or even of a brewery. The Christian who acts on the most selfish end of our notion merely takes out what you would call a next world fire insur ance policy If there is nof fire, why, he has had his protection, and he's right in the same safe spot as myself. If there is a conflagration, how ever, he realizes on his policy ; while on yours, dear Robert, the clerks would write, ' total loss, and no insurance.' The rates for our insurance are not high, Robert, not a penny more than you spend on your own idiotic fad ; therefore, we will hold on to our insurance, and right or wrong, we must bluff you in the end, and scoop the game.' Now, that, in my opinion, is the proper way to jaw back on the flippant scoffers of the Ingersoll-cum- Collins school, and it is one which the wisest of men thought well of, for he advises us to answer a fool, according to his folly. 