THE AMANUENSIS. Mrs. . Bloggs Was a Avidow residing in Prahran. She lived in her own house, -which was a very comfortable house, and she enjoyed an income of some £400 per annum, left to her by tire late Mr. Bloggs, the eminent pork butcher and bacon curer. Add to this explanation that Mrs. Bloggs was a buxom, nice-looking Avoman of some forty years of age ; lively and alert, and disposed to take life easily and cheerfully, and there will be small wonder that she Avas regarded Avith eyes of affec tion by many Avorthy gentlemen' in her neighborhood. Say what we may, thare is something very attractive in a widow ; especially when she is possessed of a com fortable income and a cosy home. Bless me, the bachelors of Prahran used to eye the trim garden, and attractive aspect generally of Mrs. Bloggs' villa Avith hungry eye — yes, hungry eyes. But Mrs. Bloggs Avas a prudent woman. . Whether her experience of the late Mr. Bloggs had not given her a very exalted idea of the disinterestedness of the' male sex, or Avhether she enjoyed the liberty overmuch, Avhich the demise of the late Mr. Bloggs had brought about, the author of this verithble story cannot say. It is certain, lioAvcver, that she surveyed the position Avith coolness and candor. She had evidently made up her mind that . matrimony Avas very much a matter of business, and that tAvo people entering upon the speculation should do so in a commercial spirit. And really, as the Avorld wags, Mrs. Bloggs was i;ot far from the truth. Thei'e vvere tAvo of her suitors who stood, perhaps, in higher favor than any of the others. No doubt this arose in the fact that they were more persistent and eager than their competitors. At any rate, it is certain that Mr. William Rubbles and Mi-. Augustus Spraggles appeared to Avin more of the v'idoAv's smiles and good favor than any other of the gentle men avIio sought them. And, of course, in the nature of tilings, they hated each other with a deadly hate. Mr. William Rubbles was a retired man, He was a contemporary of Mr. Graham Berry, and had made as much out. of Ins grocer's shop as that gentleman has pro bably made out of politics. He Avas " well in," OAvned a terrace of' houses,- some sound stock, and altogether Avas, as financially regarded, a very comfortable party. But, physically considered, Mr. Rubbles was not the sort of man to excite Avitliin the bosom of any aa'oman the flame of love. He aa'as short, and fat, and pimply. He breathed in an apoplectic manner. His manners Avere coarse ; he had a habit when eating, for example, of consuming his food in a repulsive fashion. Nevertheless, there Avere very many maidens and AvidoAVS avIio Avould have been glad enough to take Mr. Rubbles for better or Avorse, and avIio, liaA'ing accu rately compared the advantage of his financial aspects Avith the disabilities of his physical and mental attributes, Avere ready to put up with the latter in order to enjoy the former. Such is the sordid character of the times. On the other hand, Mr. Augustus Spraggles AA'as a very dashing sort of fel- Ioav. He aaras tall, and Avell fnade. His whiskers were dyed to a nicety. He carried himself Avith a military air, and had very expressive black eyes. But he a\'as as poor as a rat. That Avas no secret. When a man like Mr. Spraggles attempts the Grand Seignor business and can't pay the cost, the story soon ekes out. And so it was knoAvn, right- and left, that Mr. Spraggles aa'as " doAvn on his luck," and those Avho observed his attentions to Mrs. Bloggs, not unnaturally referred them to a desire on lifs part to take up his quarters in her house, and become matri monially entitled to a share in her income. Although Rubbles and Spraggles Avere rivals, the fact was outAvardly ignored by each. A kind of semi-confidence was maintained betAveen them, of that kind which is an attempt on either side to mislead and confuse. On the part of Rubbles it was a concession of an ignorant and purse-proud man to an intellectual superior. Rubbles Avas wholly Avitliout educational culture. He could not even read, and Avas one of those remarkable ' people we sometimes encounter, who, despite educational disabilities, push their Avay to the front, and eclipse intellectual superiors. The necessity, in such cases, stimulates the mind, and prompts the invention. On the other hand, Spraggles aa'as one of those flashy, superficial people, aa'ho, by dint of self-assertion and a certain fluency of talk, so readily impose upon an igno rant man like Rubbles as a very high class creature indeed. Therefore, while Rubbles, conscious of his pecuniary ad vantages, Avould have lorded it over Spraggles, he Avas never free from the humiliating reflection that the latter had a cettain auA'antage Avhicli no money coiuld compensate for. Nevertheless, he was fully determined to oaati the AvidoAV, and curiously enough, selected his rival as an agent by which to do so. One day he called upon Mr. Spraggles at his lodgings. He found that gentle man attired in a ragged and faded dressing goAvn, and occupied in the discussion of a red herring and a bottle of beer. The curious wonder, with aa'hich tire ex-grocer regarded'tHe surroundings of the broken- doAvn gentleman aa'as not lost upon the latter ; but he inferred that such a a'isit as that of Rubbles meant business, and so did not resent the intrusion. " Spraggles," said Rubbles, " I suppose you aa'on't think me rude when I say that I guess you Avaiit nionej'." , ' ' Rude ! " ejaculated the dandy. ' ' Truth is never rudeness to a sensible man. Of course I want money. Have you come to sIioav me hoAV to get it ?" " I've come to biy off, if so be as you're willing," observed Mr. Rubbles, Avith impressive solemnity. Mr. Spraggles regarded him curiously. "Buy me off!" he exclaimed at last. "What the devil do you mean, Mr. Rubbles?" "Things is come to a crisis," Avas the ansAver. ." Look here, Spraggles — there's only Lavo 'osses in the race, me and you " — and Mi. Rubbles put "his foreftpger against his nose, and , Avinked. A faint perception of his meaning daAvned upon Mr. Spraggles. " The race ?" he faintly ejaculated. " ' Xactly — for the 'and and 'eartof the Avidder." 1 " Mrs. Bloggs ?" cried Spraggles, with a -laugh. a "Mrs. Bloggs," responded the other. "Either me or you 'as.to 'ave 'er. Now, J suggest a compromise. Look 'ere. You Avant money. I've got it. Noav, I've been thinking that a smart young fellow like you could do well with a start of a £100." . Mr. Spraggles pricked his ears. Mr. Rubbles proceeded : " I'm quite Avilling to hand you over £100 if you undertake to skedadle, and leave the field open for me ; also to Avrite in my name a letter to Mrs. Bloggs, offer ing my 'and and 'eart. There uoav — that's business," Mr. Spraggles stared at his A'isitor for a feAV seconds. Then he leant back hi his chair, kicked up his heels, and burst into fit of laughter.- "Rubbles," he gasped; "you are a nian of business. This is reducing love to a science of commercial economy." " That's as may be," said the other sul- lenly. "Are you agreeable ?" " Agreeable ? " cried Spraggles, " I shoidd think so. Hand me over that writing pad." And then he set to work to write out a form of agreement. As Avritten, it ran thus : — " Mr. Rubbles proposes to Mr. Spraggles, that he (Mr. Spi;aggles) should, on consideration of receiving £100, resign all pretensions to the hand of Mrs. Bloggs, AvidoAV; and Mr. Spraggles, hereby receiving the sum of £100, does so resign such pretensions — "subject to the approval of Mrs. Bloggs." As read by Sic. Spraggles, the docu ment ran thus: — "In consideration and upon receipt of the sum of £100 in hand paid by Sir. Rubbles to Mr. Spraggles, he, the said Mr. Spraggles, agrees to leave the colony of Victoria for at least twelve months, and in no Avay to interfere Avith the said Mr. Rubbles in his purpose of matrimony." " Will that do ?" questioned the volatile Spraggles. "First rate," aa'as the ansAver of the delighted Rubbles. "You're a man of h-onor, I" see. And now for the other part of the bargain. You are a scholar — I ain't. I Avant you to Avrite, for me, a proposal, fust chop. . There's ten tenners. Put 'em in your pocket, and make good use of 'em." ' Mr. Spraggles fairly stared Avhen the ex-grocer handed over ten crisp bank notes each of £10 value. HoAvever, he placed them in his pocket with a chuckle. Then he Avrote the folloAving letter; — "Dear . Madam,— To-day Mr. Rubbles called upon me and offered me £100 to resign all pretensions and hopes for your hand, I took the money, Avlrich is at your service. I need not say that millions would not bribe me from the hope of one day claim- « ing you as my oavii. He has engaged me to aa'rite a letter of proposal to you, and I have placed this in_ his hands for his personal transmission to you. As you may be aAA'are, this ignorant person is in capable of reading Avliat I have aa'ritten. Madam, it is for you to choose- between the rich blockhead and the poor gentle man." As read by Mr. Spraggles, the letter ran: — "Dearest Mrs. Bloggs,— As you must be aAvare, I have long given my affections to you. I- love you, Madam, Avith most disinterested affection. At our time of life such affection is no mere passing . whim. May I hope, therefore, that you will consider my proposal, and grant me an intervieAv, . during Avliich I hope to eonvince you that my vieAvs are wholly disinterested, and that in address ing you as I do I am solely moved by sentiments of the warmest and purest affection. Your adorer, " William Ruffles." " That'll fetdh her, Rubbles," cried Mr. Spraggles, as he folded and enclosed the letter in an envelope. . "What a claver chap you are, to be sure, cried Rubbles, in an ecstacy.' " Lor' bless me, if I hadn't compromised I don't believe I should ha' had a ghost of a chance. Thank you, Spraggles. I sup pose you'll be off sharp ?" "Oh yes — in less than a Aveek. I'm perfectly satisfied. As you properly put it, these matters are best settled on com mercial principles ;" and Mr. Augustus Spraggles had much difficulty in control ling the laughter Avhich the cunning sim plicity of Mr. Rubbles excited. - That evening, a letter was received by Mr. Spraggles from the avkIoav, inviting him to supper. What conversation took place, this deponent sayeth hot. Certain it is that Mr. Rubbles some feAV months afterwards brought an action against Mr. Spraggles for breach of agreement, but was literally laughed out of court by Mr. , the celebrated barrister in such cases. All is fair in love and war, arid Spraggles is noAV the possessor of the widow and her income, and is to the better also of Mr. Rubbles to the extent of £100. And Mr. Rubbles now goes about declaring that if he had knoAvn as much as he does noAV he Avould have pladed faith in neither man nor Avoman — aa'hich is what a far more intellectual personage than Mr. Rubbles observed in the good old times of Queen Elizabeth. 