NOTES IN PARLIAMENT. The Abigails, O'Bullivans, Shepherds, et hoc yaw, having happily exhausted themselves by heir otl'orts of Tuesday, there was no muliou for adjournment last night, and consequently i no Jiouso got a cnauec to give a iiiuu uwen- tiou to the serious atVairs of the country. Con sidering the comparatively uninteresting nature of the business, the attendance of members was both large and select. Mr. Lysaght was early in his place, and planted himself before tho eye of the Speaker as if a sudden thought struck hiui that he resembled au oak of the forest. Mr. Hugh Taylor, seeing the large muster, gave up nil hopes of scoring nnothor count out, ami was reduced to t ho necessity of serving his country in thu humbler wav of .shouting "Bjkt" to all tho formal motions, after which he sifhght consolation in the oblivion of the smokiugroom. Mr. Gormley rendered yeoman support to tlio Government by his indomitable listening powers, which oven Mr. Forsyth was unable to conquer, although at times the .Sphinx of Wollongong wavered under the ordeal, and, just to relievu the insupportablo dryness, entered into a private disousHou on political economy with Mr. J. 1). Young. Mr. William Clarke opened the discussion with a two hours' speech, lie displayed con siderable grasp of his Bubjoet, and lliu deliverance, if coming from any man with a reputation for sincerity, might have in some respects been called a powerful one. He condemned t he proposals of the Government ou the grouud of tlieir strong protectionist tendency. Wlwti last heard in the House lie was just- us bitterly eloquent against them because thoy coutained too much frcetradc. -Mr. Clarke's speech, although at many points accidentally bristling with formidable facts, was nevertheless weakened by nuiuomua fallacies. On the property lax he got completely befogced. Fur instance, Mr. Clarke argued that property already pays a heavy mx to the Government in the shape of municipal rates. The fact is quite the reverse. Instead of property in municipalities yielding anything to tho consolidated revenue, it is a Ihoavy drag upon it. The municipalities do not even bear all the cost of making their own footpath-j und building their own towndialis. As soon as any town or suburb incor porated itself it becomes entitled to n Go vernment endowment to assist the ratepayers in improving their own property. Again Mr. Clarke objected to taxing income derived from investments in other colonies. His argument was that thu efi'eet of the tax would lie tp pre vent people owning property iti other colonies from coming to reside here. lie seemed to think thai these are the only class of people whom the tax would reach. Mbit what about the number of New .South Wales residents who invest New Bouth Wales money iu other.colonies? There is a side lo the question which Mr. Clarke entirely overlooks. He only consider the case of an intercolonial property holder Bottling here, but there is also to he considered the New Soutli Wales capitalist who invests his money outside. Are we to otter a special iiniucjment to such investment by taxing tho fruits of his success iu the colony and leaving his intercolonial returns free. Mr. Cfarlce was quite riirht in condemning the advalorem duties as unqualified protection, ami contending that no change of that kind should be made without a special appeal lo the country. It is hot his fault, however, that tlio fiscal policy of the country was not changed without even consulting Parliament, lie 1ms only just failed iu an uttempt to strangle frcetnide in a little caucus held in his own office. The retrench ment proposals wero ably criticised in Air. Clarke's speech, and, on the whole, lie spoke with the air of a man who understood the principle he was enunciating, whether ho be lieved in them or not. While hi opinions last many of them arc sound enough, and we do not suppose ho will make any more changes until he finds it absolutely convenient to do so. M r. Inglis treated the House to a not unpro fitable half-hour after -Mr. Clarke. He spoke against the Government front the clear stand- puiut of a consistent freetrader. He supported the direct taxation proposals, hut opposed the advalorem duties. Air. inglis boldly gave his reasons for the fiscal faith that was in him and being a freetrader Felt compelled to vote the frcetradc ticket. This also obliged him to object to the tariff anomalies which directly in jure the local manufacturer by specifically taxing raw material ami admitting the manufactured article duty free. Of course Mr. Inglis could uot be expected to finish his speech without drawing in somo references to Ins Indian ex perience, which is the same thing to that gentleman as King Charles the First's head was to Mr. Dick Apart from this natural in firmity his contribution to the dobato was n vigorous and valuable one. By way of contrast probably the Govern ment put up Afr. Oreer to reply to Atr. Inglis. Afr. Creer and Mr. Inglis are "brother Scots," but there their brotherhood closes. ATr, Creer commonced with the ingenuous admission that lie did not knpw whether he wns a free trader or a protectionist. All he knows is that he is a supporter of the Government. And his speech fully sustained its preamble. Ho in tended to voto with the Government, and whether tho result was to establish frcetriulo or protection in this colony lie would leavo to chance. Not knowing whether lie was a free trader or a protectionist, what did it mutter to him. However, if he might express an opiuiou, lie thought tho proposed ad valorem duties would bu a good thing for the merchants who now had largo quantities of stock on hand. No one, ho supposed, would deny that it would enable these lucky trndurs tu got an advance of 6 por ceut. on their ordinary profits. Afr. Creer seemed to think it n remarkuble stroke of statesmanship to enable a few overstocked merchants to clap fi per cent, ou to their usual price-list aud compel their customer, the geueral public, to pay it. How it could possibly usaist the revenue, however, ho did not condescend to explain. What had it to do with Mr. Creer ? He was thero to voto with tho Governiueut ami that was tbo end of it. As for the rest, in tho languago of Air. Gormly, Che tera tera . Air. Crcur being a Scotchman, of courso cannot bo supposed to soe anything funny in his political Ideas. Likewlso tho joko of Northumberland in putting him into poor Air. Litscombo'a shoes, is also unfots Minutely lost upon him. After Air. Creor, the Government played another great card in the shape of Mr. Forsytii. l.'iuike Mr. Creor, Mr. Forsyth knows perfectly well tliat ho is a protectionist. Ho knows it ju-t tho sum: as a horse know that it i in favor of corn. It is not a pnnciplu with Mr, i'orsyih; it is an imitmct. lie is a manufac turer. And if he can't, get a 20 or a IU) percent, duty, lie will accept fi pur cent. Hence it was only natural to find Mr. Foray th Htrougly iu favor of tho Government proposals. Tho phenomenal dreariness of Ids speech might Iwvd revived the hope of Mr. Hugh Taylor, lmd the Lycurgu of Pairamutta remained in the Chamber and waited hi chance. Kven Air Bull was finally overcome, and had to givo up the ghost, while, a wc said before, Mr. Lvsaght wa only ablo to sunt through the performance by torgetiinghis sphinx-like djgnity and engaging in convcrstr tiou with Air. J. P. Voting. The rest of the House gradually found it way to the ante rooms, and waited patiently for AH. Forsyth to .suihddo. Ue had taken the " preka»hun," how- over, to load himself up with an unusual num ber of facts aud fictions without the slightest regard to their relevancy, and the process of un loading was a long and wourisotno ono. And when tho House did escape from Air. For.ylh it was only to 1»o brought under the infliction of AFr. Nield. After .Mr. Nield came ATr, O'Sullivan with a request for the House to adjourn ami prepare itself over night to submit to receive nn oration from him this evening. But tho House did not want to hear Air. O'Bullivan ; it wanted a speech from tho Government. AH. Bibbs remarked that his cxperioncc m a Alinister taught him that the less he cald the better. Jinthc.se days of shifting principle ho i« perhaps right. A man who is a member of a Frcctradu Government to-day aud a member of a Protectionist Government to-morrow ought not to commit himself to anything any moro than he can possibly help. Tho general policy of tbo present Government seema to be to "sneak" tlieir proposal iu rather than have them carried through in the usual way. Hence tlieir impenetrable Bilencc has nu intelligible meaning. ATr. Dibb spoke under protest and instead of attempting to defend tho financial proposal of tho Government, confined himself mainly to exposing the inconsist. and chiding the ambition of Air. William Clarke. That wa at all event safe grouud. The direct taxation proposals of tho present Government cannot be defended by Mr. Bibba with bis taking up exact ly the line of argument with which the -present Opposition upset his late ministry. The case to which those argu ments apply is precisely tho same now as it wm then. As for the ad valorem duties he cannot defend them without negativing all his previous argument in favor of frcetradc. Jt is no wonder, therefore, that in this particular debate, Air. Bibbs should come to the conclusion thafc the less said bv him the better. 