Sporting Eclios from England. (BY ' LITTLE JOHK.') ' \- . . THE !TOEF. XoimoK, Ahiil 17. — Althou^ tliere lias been racing galore in this year of grace 1SS6; the old-fashioned folk, the quondam backbone of the British torf, with trae Ccn Eervative consistency, decline to recognise the advent of a new racing season before the Newmarket Craven MeetTntr, whicli from time immemorial has been considered the legitimate starting point of business. Owing to a variety! of causes, the interest in sport at headquarters has been for years gradually on t je wane, and tiie mec-ting which bepan on Tuesday lost failed to attract more than a vo-y moderate attendance. Meet of tbe magnates of tlie turf were there, and tho Jockey Club stand was tided to repletion ; but the many, whose shillings and half-crowns go bo far toward the financial success of the ' Sport oE 'Kings/' as we now understand it, did not re Epond to any ~ large estent to the capital bill of fare, which was presented for their delectation. All tlie surroundings were of the most faro: aMe character, and that capricious, bnt mo,sj; important of functionaries, the clerk'6f the weather, was in one of his very best moods.' Need I sing the 'praises of Newmarket, or describe these feelings of delighfrand exhilaration with which one is iiiie.d onabri?h.t spring- morning- -when that gloi ious eapanse of country is.clptheisritli verdure, and -the springy turf, soit as velvet-pile, is figured o'er, with patches of ?wildiiowers, forming vaiied patterns of STatuie's own designing, which lie feeble h&nd.ot; man can never rival ? The air is laden with n thousand perfumes more delightful than these of the famed.' Araby-the Blest,-' while high aliove, soaring in tlie Empyrean, ' the gentle lark at Heav'n's gate sings' his joyous carol' of welcome. ? Truly, is is a scene of en chantment which cannot be excelled on the face of (i-od's earth. According to time-honored - custom, the proceedrncs opened with the l'rial Plate, .which, as a happy emeu, re sulted in a' dead heat between Prinstead and Esmonr, the latter being almost favorite) notwithstanding his poor d:s piay in the City and Suburban. The 23th NewmarKet Biennialiar three- years-olds folio wed, and there were eight starters, iord Zetland's Grey Friars; by Hermit (Archs: 's mount), being installed a hot favorite. He had, however, to pla3* second fiddle to a rank outsider, the Duke oi Beaufort's 'Button Park, who started at 20 to I. Tlie ?winner is a great leathering colt, «to, on his looks, should have been backed, but it was said that lie had been beaten in his trial/aud consequently wus -allowed to run loose. The, Double -Erial Plate was a poor affair, only seven two-yeors-olds putting in an appearance, of whom Bessie by Be&uclcre; — Eufford Maid proved the best of au indifferent lot. The great ev'eiu of the day, the Crawford Plate — a race instituted in honor of that typical English sportEmiii, the late Mr. W. Stirling Crawford, did not suffer by reason oi the reduction of- the added money from 10CO sovsto 700, as a capital field of nineteen faced tbe starter. Up to almost the last moment Highland Chief, on the strength, of his Epsom, running, -was the public f aiity, but he was supplanted in the betting by ITambietoniau, who, it was said, got badly awav in the Leicestershire Handicap.-- Anyhow, his friends never tired of taking 5 to 2\. Ee had no better luck here than at Leicester, as he was left standing at tlie post, and Wood did not attempt to was rnmoreid that he had done something wonderful with Pulmen. After they had humbugged about for I den't know how long, iord Marcus Beresford apnosxed to lose patience and let them go acyiio.w. ~ TJie consequence was tliat none of tlie horses occupying a left-hand berth had the ghost of a chance; among the number being the three best favorites— Highlaud Chief, Beitzmer, and Hambletonian. Silver Crown slipped awa~ with a lead oi a couple of lengtlisIsand keeping in' front ail the way, ran home without being called upon, a comfort able winner. The French-bred Targouille made a gallant effort, but could only get second place, Scherzo being third. Three placediorses started at 20 to 1, 100 to 1, atd 20 to 1 respectively. So much for tlie judgment of backers ! ' ' What a f unny little game it is !' as Tom Ooker used to say. The Duke of E&milton;'s Miss Lummy (the origin oi whose peculiar name I gave some time sigo) cantered home in front of her solitary opponent Oberon (Archer) ia the .Kiddlesworth, a post sweepstakes of 200 sovs, halt' forfeit. This filly has grown aad thickened wouderfully during ths recess, and,'barring beins a little light of bone, is as good looking as any animal in the land. More unliirely things have happened than that she may stretch the recks of some oi the beet of them in the Two Thousand Guineas. Another Fiench bred filly, Slariquita, by Beau Merle — Slandarine, won the light weight Selling Plate by a head, and she being a smart kind of rcunsr In'iy Captain Machell purchased her foe 3S0 guineas. ~ The Visitors' Plate wound up the first day's proceedings, and Engle's Plume, by Scottish Chief — Decoration, landed the stake for Jdr. John Hammond. Sir. Craven's Campbell was second, and Sir George, Chetwynd's Einfanns third. Ihere were tsreive runners, and the winner stated at 7 to i. The company on 'Wednesday showed a decided falling off in point of numbers ; bnt the racing was very Rood indeed, though tiie fields were not large, and several exciting finishes were witnessed. But two horses were saddled for the Twenty-eighth Sale Stakes, and -Mr. J. A. James's Asti- achan, with odds of 2 to 1 on, beat the Duke of - 'Westminster's Beil by a lengta. Prince Soltykoff's Counterfeit, by Mask, won the old-fashioned column Produce Stakes from a wretched lot of ioar. The Tvro years-old Plate brought nine horses to the post, of whom Deserter, who ran well at Epsom, and was purchased back by 51. Sassoon, was made favorite, but even Tom Cannon's artistic handling failed to make him follow up his previous week's success, as. after a masmificent finish. .Tem Goater landed Tom Jenning's Bertha, by Skylark — Annabella, a winner 'by a neck from the filly by Paimtr out of Lady Salisbury and Bachelor. Tom Jennings, jun., appropriated the First Welter Handicap with a sou of Beauclerc, named Beaulieu, wbo won by a head after another splendid tussle. Old Amain secured the Selling Plate, beating amongst seven others Hosy Morn and Patriarch. The Babraham Plate was the nest event, for which eleven -went to tlie p -st- Once more Eambletonian was made the medium of a plunge, and tliis time the good thing came oil, as 'Wood had only to sit still and bide his time to win in a can ter by three lengths. Greenwich, who was much fancied only 'beat Eastern Emperor (a 20 to 1 chance) by a head for second placa. Among the Leaten, lot were Lucerne, who will see a T-etter day perhaps at Ascot, and Farewell who won the ons thousand, guineas over the same course lust y.iar. She ran fairl.T well to the bushes, when she died away to nothing. It is evident that Hainbletooian wita ordinary luck would have won either the Bis Handicap at Leicester or the Crawford Plate, in both, of which races he got badly away. However, lus party were well rewarded for the previous dis appointments, as they landed a large stake in Lets. Wood threw another main in a Selling Plate, in which he cantered home on Maxima, by the Irish horse Alvarez. Lord Hastings may thank Archer for his success in the last race of the day, which was won by Seaton, a very unworthy brother to the illuEtriou3 Melton, by Master Eildare — Violet Melrose, whose solitary opponent was Lord Caw dors S wckpoole. The latter had previously figured in the 'Welter won byBeaulieu, and in consequence his jockey ttied to wait in front. These tactics suited Archer, who stole the first run home, and won by a head. Thursday's pro gramme was a very light one, and was not productive of much excitement. Mr. J. Hammond's Eidou won a small Selling Plate, sitter which Button park .gave ' another taste of his quality by land ine a Dost sweepstakes of 100 sovs from Mr. Houlds worth's Sunrise. A dead heat followed in a selling plate between 'Wood, on Monarch of the Glen, and Archer, on Gervas, and in the run off the former was successful. A son of the erratic Peter, called Petuiance, had little diffi culty in winning a plate of 200 sovs, and Mr. Eupert Cor rington (your governor's brother) had a turn ia the second Welter Handicap, by the aid of Clarion, by Cymbal. For the Craven Stokes, nine S-years-olds jmt in an an ap pearaaee, and Mr. Benholm's Braw Lass, who so nearly ' fluked' last year'? Middle Park Plate, wlien slie divided the winner Minting and Saraband, was made favorite at 2 to 1. She was ridden by Archer, but the Tinman is dead out of luck just now, and finished in the ruck. The winner was Grey Friars, whose victory enhances the form of Button Park, who beat him easily in the Biennial on Tues day. It must be remembered, howerer, that tlie second, was coneediafr 101b;. tut I consider Volta a good tmirrni, very little behind The Devil to Pay. In the last race Ducat proved once more how oftener than not a spell of work at the 'illegitimate' game improves a horse's form on the flat, for lie fairly galloped Anglesey and Aveliue to a stand still in the twenty-seventh. Biennial and brought grist to the PhcBnix Cottage mill. ? AQUATICS. After a good deal of finessing, a match has been arranged between Neil Matterson .and George Perkins (who is now decidedly the best man in England) to row for £200 a side, the London Sportsman Challenge Cup, and the cbampion Bhip of England. The match will take place on May 2i, from the Star and Garter, Putney, to the .Ship, at Mort lake, tae course being about 250 yards or so less than the usual one.. It is impossible to start any ' nearer to the 'bridge, as there are a number of piles of the temporary bridge still, standing, and the water rushing past them causes a nasty eddy, wnich is unfair to the Eculiers. The result, will be.imown in Sydnev before this reaches you. Mr. -D'Arcy Wentworth, Mr. B.'Hyams, of -Hackney, and Mr. Charles Lett are finding the states for Mattereon, wjio will train under tbe watchful eye of J. H. Clasper, the well-known boatfcuflder. The Perkins party were, of course, anxious to get a start, and asked for three lengths start, which, of course, was refused. They then offered -to take £300 Ifo ±200, and row level, but this also -wae declined, Mattexsoii's ultimatum being tliat he. would row Perkins level, carry Sib and row Godwin, or 101b and row any other man in England. However, the next day Mr. Lett took Matterson to Putney fora short spin, and I suppose lie did not alarm the on-^ lookers liv life performance, which Godwin watched care fully, for tne nest morning Perkins agreed to the tnatch on even terms... .[Our correspondent telegraphed on Monday last tlitit Perkins wouiaeiace by about three lengths.] Neil seems a decent lad, but he lias a very high opinion of ilis o reliabilities, which I hope may be justified by the result. ' ' Hanlan as - you know of course by cable has challenged Beach, for the championship of -the wotld, and Mr. W. J. Innjs has a £100 note, which, is burning a hole in his pocket, but there is no one here at present ready to cover it on be half of Beacu.- However, the match will soon be ' fixed up ' after the champion's'arrival. Strange to say, no one nere (I mean of course no English people) believe that Haulan was beaten on his merits on the Parraniatta, and although no worshipper of his, I have au idea that he was not quite tho Banian -who beat Trickett and Layeock ia 1SS0. But, however that may' be, people want to see and judge for themselves -which o£.;the two is tbe better man. Slany even bint that the Canadian did not get fair play ou the Parramatta. ? ' ? The following paragraph ie from 'Pegasus's' notes in the London News of the 'Woeid last -week. The italics, I may say, are his own: 'The young- Australian scnller, Keil Jlatterson, visited Clamper's boatbuilding establish ment at Putney on Tuesday, and on Wednesday .1 met him on tbe stand-at Epsom, Matterson iiilcrmed me tbat lie bad come over, with an idea of rowing any English sculler, but had no intention -of matehinc himself against Wallace E.OS8 oil the Thames, although .he had challenged Hoes some time ago to row on the ParramattaJ Why on tfi« Parramotta, and' not on. the Thames, I cannot understand.'- Of course '' Pegasus ' doesn't know that Neil is acttngunder advice,- for he is Teady and willing {too much so, ia fact) , to.fiy at any game, no matter how high. ? Boss's ability _is highly esteem edhere,audbevillhave no d'fficultyin finding men. to back him against Beach, who will find plenty of employment on the Thames, if he means business. We have beard nothing of the Yankee and C&n-; antiinn invasion since I lost wrote, but I presume they are awaiting tbe. arrival of the champion, and when tho match is made between liim and Hiiu'lpi^ we shall have Hinlan, Boss, Teemer,* Gnur'aur, Conler, and others over; so that there will be a busy time on the Thames eidu in a few ?weeks.' : - ' ' ' ' ?? .- ? . \- As . Ewimminp and diving, ere two. very fashionable Australian aecomijlisbinenlB, ImRy as well record the fact thnttbo'uuder-war£j- record' of 4miu 2}scc established byI»eier.JolinsouonAprfl6,lS82, was distr.nced lately by Jarues Ftnuoy at the- Ciuterbary HaU, Loudoc, in a large glass tauk. Finncy dropped to the bottom of the tank, resting his bead on his right arm , and the Oldham wouder did not rise to the surface until Uw timekeeper had marked the time on the watch-^nun 29isec, a marvellouB pes.' formance. 'A CHTEL* AK0S& TTB.' Long before this reaches you you will probably hare seen in the flesh the well-known sporting writer, ' Peudragon' (Mr. Henry Sampson, the editor aadfounder of the London Heferee), who left in the E.1I.S. Massilia a week, or two a^o on a trip to Australia, New Zealand, and elsewhere. Ltr. Sampson, like most men of strong opinions, is not generally popular, for he is addicted to giving hard mocks, and is unsparing- of impostors. But bis friends know that he is ' a white man,-' whose powerful pen is always ready to champion the cause of the injured and oppressed. As & judge of boxing he stands almost alone, while as an ali-round ? authority oa sport he has few equals. I shall be anxious to know what be «-hmfc» of Australia and Australians. You mar be sure that -he will candidly record your virtues, and that he will not spare your weaknesses. PAI'8 ' HECOLlICnONS.' William Da-r's amusing-turf reminiscences are not to be allowed to pass without challenge, as Mr. John Sent, who was almost as well known to old race-goers as Day himself, proposes to devote an article in the next number of Btu/r to exposing some of the errors in the ' Becolleetions.' A good deal of light will possibly be thrown upon tbe dealings of some of the supposed incorruptible and straight turf men of old time, such as Lord George Be&tinck.; A JOCKEY HIMSELF AO1IK. Serisic-r, head jockey in Mr. Arthur Yates's stable, who met with such a severe accident some time ago that his case was cotsniei^d almost hopeless, has, I am happy to say. quite recovered from liis injuries, and be -will pro bably eaon be seen in the saddle again. CEICKET.' In an admirable letter to the London Stan dabd, Mr. F. Grey Smith, as viee-rireEident of the Melbourne Cricket Club, disposes of ijord Harris's absurd objections to that club doiu^ whet it pleases with the expected profits of the ., coming Australian eleven. He assures liis Lordship that no portion oi tne surplus will remain to swell the club a balance-sheet, an'l that the present trip was undertaken solely, in the interests of the game, and' without any idea of gain. By this, I presume, Mr. Smith means that the business was not entered into simplv and solely For the sate of making money. Of course the club expected Lo gam something or is would not have entered into the speculation. Lord Karros is a very g-ood cricketer, -and a ? :ai)ital fellow in many yrays, but he is too much addicted to pen and ink. His letter to the London Staj;daeD has done a. certain amount of harm, which I am sure he never in tended. UIIIXABDS. Eobe; ts has succeeded in accomplishing what he safff he would tc-fpre tlie billiard season was over, viz., make a ? break (spot barred) of 500. lhis he did on Monday last in . un exhibition match with Cook, to whom he concedes 3030 points in 12000. Cook has shown better form than usual in this frame, but nothing can stand against Roberts* superb pi«T. Eeainning- on Monday afternoon Eoberts left off at 4 o'clock with an unfinished break of 107, and in tho evening lie continued the break and went on until he badimaEsed tne colossal total of £06 points, thus beating his previous record of 451 made'in Decemher last, when playing agaiiiEt Cook. Unfortunately I missed seeing thia pnaul performance, but I im toidtbat the champion's play was simply perfection. When he broke down it was over a very difficult scraw loser, -which he only missed by a hair's . breadto. The cheers which greeted the conclusion of this superb break might have been heard half a mile awav. J Later oil in tue evening he had another faultless run of 365. Of course, poor Cook, though playing really well, could do nothing aeaitist this, and Hcberts caught and passed him at 5000, having scored more than 5 to 2. 