SPORTING NOTES FROM HOME; Bt Robin Hood. We are in the thick of the Ascot aa I writ# this, although I hope to be home in time to morrow night to post you the result of the. Hariwick Stakes, which will be a match between the flying Ormonde and last year's premier Melton. * The week so iar has been a fairly success* ful one. To-day (Cnp day), I was stupid enough to drive down, getting wet through for my pains, as it poured in torrents until half-past 1 p.m. I have long ago sworn oft " going by road," but a Couple of well-known Australians wished me to join them, and I could .not resist the temptation, the party oi ten (including ladies) being a very pleasant one. 1 must begin what few notes I shall send by this mall by giving an account of tbfl Grand Prix de Paris, which was run last Sunday. A very strong contingent crosised over by the Saturday night's boat I, bow* ever, was not amongst the number. This was to some extent lucky, for the weather was of the very worst description possible^ as it simply poured with rain during the ovex night and all next day. The course, I am told, was a perfect quagmire, and tins per haps accounts for the slow time. The English animals taking part were only two in number, but they represented high class, as they were Minting, who has only once suffered defeat, viz., by Ormonde in the Two Thousand Guineas, and Miss Jummy, who has won the One Thousand Guineas and Oaks. As the betting will show, Minting was made a very strong favourite, Miss Jummy being next in demand. The only two others backed were Upas and Sycamore, who had a fortnight before ran a dead neat for the French Derby. Both Minting and Miss Jummy had done well since their arrival ia Paris, and it was generally imagined that the race was a good thing for one of them. This, was right so far that the first-named won with the greatest ease, but Miss Jummy sadly disappointed her friends, and finished, I think, the absolute last She seems to have been, quite unable to act in the dirt, and probably, too, did not persevere when it was obvious that Minting was ©verstriding his field with great ease. The following are de tails G BAITS PBEt SB PABIS, Of 4,000 6ors., added to a sweepstakes of 40 60V8. each, 24 ft, and 20 only it declared by midnight eg file Wednesday preceding the Ace, and 4 only if declared by midnight on May 1; the second re ceived 400 cove., and the third 200 sove. oat at the stakes; colts, 8st 111b.; fillies, 8st, 81b. About 1 mile, 7 for. 881 subs, 219 of whom pay 4 SOVfc each, and 161 pay 20 boss. each. Mr. B, C. Vyner'a b c Minting,by Lord Lyon—Mint , Sauce(F. Archer) - ... .. .. . .. 1: M. M. Ephrussi'e bl o Polyencte (Kearney).. 2 < Baron A. de Schick!ert b cSyoamOre (Hopkins).. 2 Count de BerteprtcJuJ Upas (Hartley) .. „ 0, Duke of Hamllioa's t> f Mtas Juramy (Watts) _ O M. P. Aumont's-ch f SautereUe (Lane) .. O M. M. Ephrussi'a oh o Gamin, by Hermit—Grace (Dodge) ft M. A. Lupin's b c St. Honore, by Dollar—Yivienne (EoHe) .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ft M. Ephrassi'a b c Fetiohe, by Nougat—Flsurines (Chrmtt) ..8 Betting.—6 to 4 on Minting,7 to 2 agst Miss Jummy, 8 to 1 agit Upas, 15 to 1 agst St Honore, 10 to 1 agst Sycamores S3 to 1 agst PWyor . oucte,40.to l.agst Satt terclle, 40 to 1 agst Gamin, 50 to 1 agst Fetiche. Won by two lengths in a canter. Value of mcty £5,010. lime, 8m. BOs. PEDIGREE OF THE WINNER. The Baron Pocahontas Paragone Ellen Home OW*"" ES"'3 wnivkw ' Economist Eohtdna Misa Pratt Qlenoo^ Mupessa gf Touchstone Hoyden Melbourne Clarissa Many as Rose of Kent Sultan Trampoline Camel Banter pwidnift Delhi Humphrey Clinker Daughter ot' Tomboy Rocbana SariSbeck iohanna Plenipotentiary Pawn junior Cfomns Olnkerina Oeneatoe Gohunpusmaro Bautatoon Castrd Idalta Daughter of ..SSSl Orlando Malibran FroMeoMna Touchstone Vulture Whisker Qaeoia a* :***asn Vbdn Queen Anne. I fojgot to mention that therew&S; % i Msing at SimdownUat weoki&na; that thd leading event lor 'two: oldt^the Edttah Dominion twommn Stake*—showed thw stock of BotemTO^wilieHtoIhe front—i Devote Wj*BWak>wlittld, i#ho "Were f bo&imL; -Intliii laoeSt JSerm was left at the post,'ahfl t3®swOweo^iUt*nU 188dhI' oomplimt and the decision was that it m Wood's own fault that his horse was left, Ioat may mean snythr.g. I mast now get or. to Royal Ascot Of course there were the usual rich stakes to be run tor. the usual Royal processions oc to the coarse, in which the Prince ind Princess of Wales, their daughters, and Prince Albert Victor figured prominently. As said before, the weather, except or. the Cop day, was alt that could he dtwired. The dresses in the Royal enclosure were, as usual, things of beauty, it not joys for ever, hot I <hd not think the attendance in the big ring and on the course so large as usual. 1 w.li now append ^ few detii's o: tire sport, which commenced with the Tra! Stakes, woo very easily by T -astanster. who. with Periostrum, divided fsvearit,>m. Toe Maiden Plate followed. and feh to Mr. Ken wick's Phil, s good-looking son of Pniiam mon, who started Uvoarite, and got home l-y a bead from Lriaycot. Then came the Ascot Stakes, whi h brought out the test field I have seen compete r r i; for many years. Here the fielders got a turn, i -t very few pet pie accepted the 12 or 14 to 1 finally offered ag«£U%t Be It. da. She, however, won fair'y easily, besting a very good horse in Sir Kenneth, who was giving away lumps of weight. Aetrach&c; started favourite at 3 to L Sir Kenneth trext at 9 to 2\. Time,3m. 4'*$. Value of stakes, £1*35. Next came the race of the day, which, however. ' was robbed of much of its interest from the fact that yrmoude did not put ic an appear ance. Porter's stable relied on Candlemas, and he left off first favourite r<t about 5 to 2\. Re was never in it, however, and a really desperate race borne ended in a dead beat between Button Park and one of Mr. Hojdgvorth's unnamed colts by Springfield. " cfoee up with the two bring Rjversisie. third. In the run-off, which took place after the last race, another good race ensued, but this time Button Park suye-i the ion rest, am! won Ly a seek. A. 11 the first three are engaged in the St Leger. Lor so long. as Ormonde and Minting keep well they will hardly figure prominently in the betting. The C>l<i Vase is always a popular one, and produced another fine finish, for Archer only yuat got ELrd of Freedom heme first by , a head. The attendance was. I think, larger on Wednesday than on Tuesday. although, for my own part, f do not consider the pro gramme so in tere ?ting a one. The dm race brought out a field of six, and here the Two Thousand Guineas failure Saraband started fa.voorrie.iod made some amends b~ winning in a canter, a!though he bad very little to beat. Then War Path won a handicap for , Lord Zetland, and Caller Herein fol-; lowed this by capturing the Fern-hil! for young John Dawson. Then came the event of the day, the Royal Hunt Cop, which ra won by Mr. W. Gilbert's Despair, who got borne br a neck. The winner is perhaps one of the fastest horses this moment in England: bat he is a mad horse, and declines ' to do his best one day in thirty. To-day be ; phmged in all directions when at the post, ; and tried to get rid of the hood in which be ; was intended to ran. Lostes rightly, as it ; turned out, obliged him by taking off the ob- ; noxious " garment" and Fluffing it in bis { pocket Toe horse after this was quiet and j came away at a great pace when the flag was j lowered—so much so, that beheld a Jong lead i a quarter of a mile from home, when he all; at once began to swerve, and trying to bolt, ( Le Cuiasier eradaally got up alongside him. ! Still the latter never fairly got on terms, and | was bearen by a neck. An objection on the ' ground of boring was overruled. j The Ascot Darby brought out seven run-1 nera, and as Ormonde declined tbe contest j it wag considered a fairly open one tor those ! still left in. Serahand wae brought out; again, and he sad H. Kris, who was third r in tbe Epsom Derby, were about equal | favourite* They ran first and second, but St. ? Mirin woo very easily. He, too, is in the St5 Legs', but the same remark applies to him ( as to Button- park, viz., that he will be but j little thought of as long as Ormonde keeps • well Prince Softs'then worn a oocpie of races, a two-year-old race with Herd's Hoof, I tad the Coronation Stakes for three-year- \ old fillies, with Argo Maria. Tbe letter 6Hy, it' will be remembered, nearly beat Miss Jummy i for tbe Oaks. So tbe B«ma prince to-day j cot eome recompense, for Urn Coronation; stakes is worth close cm £2,500. Tbe day's j sport was round up by Radius beating Ducat, his only opponent, for the Owen's Plate. "Cup Pays" attendance was sadly lessened by the fact that the sport was cer tain to be poor, and also by the soaking morning, which doubtless kept thousands away. Tbe race for the cap itself was a farce, for only three very moderate animals contested it, Aitborpbemgnothingbutabsndi cap horse (or rather pony), and Bird of Free dom having quite lost his three-y£ar-o!d form. Bnzgo is a Hungarian bred boree. I append particulars because it « the Ascot Cop, which used to be looked upon as the crowning trophy of the year, and to win which roanyoi the best horses of past times hare been specially prepared and reserved. - THE GOLD CCP, Yaloe 1,000 vm, with SX» n: ¥£. to eaeoad, and 100 mm lot third, added to > eweepxtafces of to ncn v each; weight for aye, with certain allowance*. About two aula mod a halt. Bun He Hindi's to c Aithorp, by TOitborpe— Bide-a-Wee, 4 yrw &rt.; (t Oasooo) .. 1 Mr. S. Bbetd'a be Sid of Freedan, by Tburingian Ftisce—Vrtnta, 4 yre, 9st (P. Archer) .. .. S Count Hunjady'e b c Bnzgo, by Brother to Khber —Btbei, 4 yr». 6st (J. Oebome) 8 Detiliij! at the start.—11 to 10 oo Bird of Freedom, S to 1 agst Abborp, 2 to Sagct Buqpi. The winner won easily At last, as Bird of Freedom failed to stay home. Buzgo was beaten badly and must be very second rate.— OnAoode was brought out intbeSt James's Palace Stakes, and was only opposed by Seatbo and Calais. There was really no bet tings on this^ although I saw * man lay 100 to 3 on-OnDonde, which, of couree. be landed, aa tiie bone fairly romped in. The next race introduced us once more to anothercelebrity, who, strange to say, was not made favourite, although it seems to me any .odds oh him on any of his old form. There was a rumour, however, that the horse was not-bitnseif, and that be bad been beaten in stria! by St Gatien. Tbe nee itself was a desperately near thing, but Charley Wood jostAQt the great horse home by a bead. Value of race, £1^550. Details THE BOBS XElfOSTAL STAKES, - OIMwn. 4Mk.ka (to tbs Bom Memor'al Fund), with 1,000added. Weight forage, with penalties 1 iBoWwine Becood received too sore, Hew Mr. J. Hammond's b h Si. Gaties, br RoUtcrhiU or lbs Borer (b Blair Athnl) fit. Edith*, '5 yn, Slit SB) (G. Wood) .. ... Mr. Dowlas Faba's b c St Mkbud, 1 Astd—tAadattod,* yn, 7efc.91b.JG. iMBSnstobb-f Odaraetby'S L*kwt ?M.'«b. {J. Woodbarn). * ' .. pMooauath, 4 ?«*,&*. 101b. towhldi for two {year cdds. This was worth £i."X>, and was : ■woo easij by Mr. Baird'a Enterprise. Free dom. who had been highly trained, started i&v.-urite.; bat Enterprise was wet! bacfcei by a very clever division. Alt the ffrst three are engaged in the t'erl-y of next yen. ' FEIt>AT "Sl .-aT, J t XE II. &S3; P.*. I hive ordy jttyt rinse to a-id ope {me to say that to-day we have seen one oi the most exciting raoes of modern times, viz., the ' meeting at weigat for age oi two dyers ' respectively the test of their own year. I refer to the cubes ten Ormonde, winner of this year's Derby, and Melton, winner oi last year's Derby and St. Leser. I shall have more to write on this subject in my next, bat cdw I can only say that those who witnessed the ease with which Ormonde to-day. by two lengths, ent down Meito-n must be con vinced that in the eon oi Bend Or we have one oi the grandest homes that ever trod the tart. . The time, toe*, was go.'h considering th'.t tbe held was email— 2m. &i.; for the Ascot mile and a half being , excellent going. Suffice it to say that, ; amidst tremeaaoas excitement and ringing! cheers. Ormonde drew to the front a dts-! tance from home, and, starting off Melton's I challenge, went on and won easily very, easily by, as I have said, two lengths. De-1 tails:— j THF EAEDWKXE -TAXES, Ot i,OHj scrs., aided to a k* ci 19 »tv J each. is.p. : aerrod to reottTf i5 oer cect, *Jo*i tbe i tiiird 5 pet oral. OG tbe «noh Hai.es. Sviokt | can*. (\\*St tiiae aad a htifi. j trie ot tftsmiisatei's Orrmssdt, S yrs, Ssi. tlb. j to. Bireesj; 1 i Issri fiasiis i Peter;, t re, ~i_ ; Ai-. (Anctr).. S ; Prince SotrrtcC's Silver, I yrs. 7-S. Tit . (Arj.iil) . C . Ifr. T- Jenrc-.rvi, Jr.-,, [-iris, 4 yrs, 9st Tib. j 0 1n.\t ot WesszritffSerW Curacte. 5 yn. 7st 12b. (F. f Banetr> " .. _ 0] E^wc—SCO to »7 oa Orergqte. 7 to ? »~<et Uettoo, j !•:<• "■*> i its Silver, izsd 2» to I wi agst otbera. j So n.cch for racing, now for a few words | on miners agnatic. The wires will haveI t->ld yon that since my last it u bear has easily 1 i.«eaten Christian Nelson. who was (jaite ; overmatched. Neil Matter^oo, on the con-; trary, won his match against Dave Godwin ' with the jrreaiest ease, a.*»d showed alto- i gether dinerent form to that he displayed against Perkins three weeks ago, wot when • be meets that scalier again, as 1 think be; will do, I expect him to make a far tighter • race of it, u be does not vui rigfct out ! When Mattereoo rowed Perkins there was i absolutely no tide running, or what litrie j • was going or. was entirely cancelled by the ! dood water coming down : this was all! against a young scalier '.ike lfatterson. who ! : is not so powerful as Perkins, nor so well , ' able to stand the soar miles all against ; collar. On the other hand, when the roan* ; Sfdr.er scalier met Godwin, there was a j swinging tide running up, and the " old on ~ j had not a ghost o: a chance, Matrerson j dashing off in front, and keeping there, i winnicr anyhow, without a seeming effort { Peter Kemp is matched to row " an cn- i known ^ in six weeks time ; the " unknown ** 1 is to be named anytime within a week of the race. Beach has given up the music-hall ; business, and has gone to Barnes to get into active work to gradsaliv get fksh off. As ' yet no one has come tor ward with any de- ' tiniie proposals to meet him, but ilantan. ! Boss, and Teemer are all expected here some * time next month. Then " the band wilt ! play, " as the Yanks hare it. { Beach yesterday for the first time got in a ! wager, and thus the ."ipon-ema* describes; what took (dacej " Atlet^U, hwera, Beach saaijel to get tot. '■ tfeor w> b» Siring, cat he iihi i—irlj cttfethctBrt V oo Thames nan n a best boat k»o iftw S o'clock ; <e Tawrsday, Jwn? 14 After hwitf been out ei a i craft (« eo taeg, he fefi ewrchi wtcnt at 1 fknt—«t 1,1 to he and—bed be eertadr did not' appear «o,a*dafter-e brief cats off the bott-boe**, he j pridiel btc to joiaa Mr. Ctajper that he was j great!* pleased itt the boat, which seemed to carry bim rtr. weB. CtaenufWdng with a ararst ternm the [ river to tfcw Middlesex shore, Beach was net km* I before be joined bit trainer, mod the pair then started j on their way ia itead; tadiion to Barnes. Fraait-1 porta that tare appeared to vmrims AoetnBss pipers ! we ladn uoeijated eeang a sow >ahtl awtward ' acoSer. but act wis not the caae. The doapios , ten is the aaost «aw style iaagtsaHe, keeps hit! elbows weii is, ud pcii* him etnee weB through in i coe piece—* more like tbe-f ona dan tc the Hairy 1 EeUev and my own day*,' mid the celebrated bent- ' bBSder. In tact, Mr. CSasper was iaeeisdy taken j with Use champion's scoIEng, and even went to tar a* ' to say that be prdentd til style even be*ore HaaJan. ' With Peter Kemp matched, and the champtoa r anxious to get somewhat uuw his correct weight, i tniniag wis bow be carried oo at Bamea in the coast. tnsaewiike style, and at sooo as they find the pre- . else desenptiou of new craft required Mr. J. H. * Clamper wiB commence opadioei tor bath Bench and j Kemp." 1 