CALLAN PARK PRIZE ESSAYS. 1 ^ SUBJECT: NEW SOUTH WALES AFTER THE CENTENNIAL. Michael Doolan, the contractor, la my brother, and I am a member of Parliament. We are both living at Manly with our families, my brothor having determined to bo near his contraot, and I being only too glad to seo the progress made in the execution of the greatest engineering work ever yet attempted. The Cen- tennial Palace nearly ruined Miohael, but tho Manly railway, and more especially the lattice bridge over Middle Harbour, for which he had successfully tendored, made some amends. The Cardinal blessed tho bridge in the presence of 60,000 spootators, and the contractor also received the benediction of hie Eminenoe, and had the honour of dining with ¿ira at the Palace. The influx of visitors in the oenteDnial year had been enormous, and especially of working mon from the neighbouring oolonios. twenty-five thousand of them preferring the pros- pects offered in this oolony, stayed on. The ? result waa at first a great fall in wages; but afler a short time all the men joined some organisation or union, and gradually wages roso until tho pay of a navvy reached half-a-orown an hour, and that of skilled workmen from 5 to 15 shillings nn hour. This large increase of wages was said to bave been duo ohiefly to the efforts of the newly-established Department of Labour, and especially of the Minister at ¿ha head of it. I once expected that I should have been appointed Minister for Strikes myself, but 10,000 nawie» made an angry demonstration before Government House in favour of Mr. 0-, and the consequence was that ho was sworn in and I wasn't. I will do the Hon. Mr. C-the justice to say that ho soon made himsolf very popular. Almost his first official act was to con- vert the wholo of the ground floor of the Centennial Palace into a public tojW« à'hùte, where 5000 mon eould dine at oue time. At first the oharge wag 2d. a head, but a resolution was passed in the Assembly to abolish all oharges for publio sustenanoo, and meals, of oourse, after that wero served free of oharge. In tho oarly part of 1889 it was reckoned that arl average of 68,500 people per diem were sustained gratis by the Biato. The Minister for Strikes, hosyever, has not found his office altogether a bed of roses. The Centennial Palace cooks and waiters had struok for higher wages and shorter hours, and during the strike the department was compelled to collect 2000 Chinamen from the various oolonios and drill them into the work. They answered fairly well for a timo, but it was found that bo many of them used to he stabbed and pricked by the impatient State guests that a new hospital would bo required to accommodate all the accident oases that came from the palace. The consequence was that the cooks and waiters on striko weio taken on again under tho arbitration clause, which meant that thoy wero to be paid what they demanded lor shorter hours of work so long as the Government arbitrators thought fit not to report to Parliament unfavourably. I forgot to mention why Mr. 0- was bo popular in the country that ho was demonstrated for before Government House. Ho had succeeded the year before in passing the famous " Four Hour Act," by which it svas made a crime for anybody to work moro than four hours on any of the svorking days of the week, and more than one hour on Saturdays, tho working man in. every caso to choose his own hours for working. His popularity as the four-hour legislator svas the secret of the Government House démonstration. Thot popu- larity, however, as I have said, wa3 shaken by the Chinese cook and waiter affair, and it was still further weakened by tho unsympathising atti ittdo assumed by the Minister when the famous "Sweetbread Demonstration," consisting of 18,000 men, paraded before the Department of Labour, and tried to intimidate the Minister by hurl- ing blue-metal cubes through the windows and taking the slates off tho roof. It was only ss'hen the Minister descended into the street and reasoned with the crowd, pointing out that there svore not enough calves in the oolony to supply every mau with swoetbreads three times a week, that their fury abated. The Minister would not have succeeded in pacifying them by taking this ground alone, reasonable aB it was. He promised to appoint a Royal Commission to inquire into tho wholo question of sweetbreads, and make recommendations for increasing the eke and number of throat-sweetbreads in calves, both male and female, and for developing a panoreas in the thyroid glands of all marsupials. On his assuranoo that a Royal Commission with no butchers on it would certainly bo appointed, the Miuister was loudly oheored, and the Demonstration re- tired to the Domain. The Sweetbread Commission ss-as appointed, and it is still taking evidence. But it is time I told you about the great engineering work on which my brother Mioh.iel had a section on contraot. Directly the Centennial Exhibition was closed the Government passed an Aot to foster native industries. Under this Act it was made necessary that the harbour of Sydney should bo filled up by a molo leading from the Old Man's Hat to South Head, and a narrow boat channel through the isthmus at Watson's Bay was to be excavated so that the fishermen might still be able to ply their callings. Michael, by my assistance, secured No. 1 section of the molo contract, and ho had already made a good show. Ho svas obliged hy tho Act to pay all men employed on the work such svages per diem as the Minister for Striltos might lix. He employed 1620 mon on the oontiact.and a largo number of lighters and steam excavators, and the plant on the ground was the largest engineering plant in tho colony, and ho paid £2200 a day in wages and other outgoings. The mole contracted for was to be constructed of loose rubble half a mile wide at the bottom, and 100 feet wide at the top, svhich was to be just three feet above high-water mark. No. 1 seotion sva* tho northern half, and No. 2 the southern half j the last commencing from South Head, as the first commenced from the Northoin Head. The contraots w-oie to meet in the middle of the cntrauco to the harbour. No roodsvay svns providod, and no masonry was required. It svas all fill up woik, and svns to be finished in l8 months from the signing of the contraots. Ono morning as my brother Michael and myself wero walking home from tho svorks, a Government messenger on a bicycle whirlod up and handed him j an urgent telegram from tho Minister for Works. The I message required his immediate attendance at tho Office of Works in Sydney. I told Michael 1 would go svith him, as I svanted to drasv my week's Parliamentary honorarium norn the Treasury. It amounted to twenty guineas, boing at the rate of five guineas for each sitting. (When the Assembly is not sitting, which is very rarely,' tho rete per diem is only two guineas.) Wo had just time for a sandwich and a glass of colonial ssino before the train for Sydney started. On gotting to the station we wore a littlo surprised to find that tho Railway Association hud ordered a general strike on all linos north of Sydney, because the Minister for Railways had, only the day before, lefused to allosv engine drivers' wives, aud families to travel from Nowctistlo froo in iirst-cloEs carriagos, unlosB thoy applied for free passes in tho usual svay. So when sve got to tho station wo found that the only locomotive then available had been locked up in the engine-house, and all the railway employees had gone out Helling for the day, exoopt the chief ticket oleik and his assistant, svho svero left to got supper ready for their friends tho driveis and guards. The chief clerk told us that as tho association's only object in this striko was " to promote a' bettor feeling " between the employees and the Miuister for Rnilsvays, and not to interfere svith the general ttaffic of the country, they had only token the mon off the Northern linn's. He added that^tho strike had been warmly supported by the Minister for Strikes-Btrikes boing an " open ques- tion " with all Governments noss'. Of com se, my biother and I knew that strikes wore "open questions, " and that the only object of this one svai to " piomote a better feeling," &c.; But, all the same, it ss as a very inconvenient arrangement for tis, for my brother's busi- ness svas very urgent, and, ob it turned out aftorsvords, so svas mino, though I did not then kuosv it _P. DOOLAN. At a i ecorit meeting of tho Royal Society of Dublin a new instiuiiieut, designed bvMr John Ballot, yvas shown It in intended to dotoini no the miiirnitudes and colours ot sims, and consists of an airungtiiiont by whioh a small luminous image 01 "ghost star" can bo thrown into the tube ol tho telescopo and novved at tho sumo lune ns the 3eui «lui yvInch is thus computed yvith it Hie "ghost star " is foimed bj tho lifrht ot a Swan lamp coat" sod by a reflector and painui through neu i ral and t -vases, by y Inch iii sizo and cohmi nie logulatrd >. ey of tne stnndnid M/ci, and colours depends on the lamp, which is kept as constant as possible ' -~. neal urrauiteinonts. 