THE Premier has issued bis address to. the electors of Rodney, and very interesting reading it is, not only as showing the policy intended to be pursued by.the.new Government, but as eviiiciug thrnr power o£ promising Some of the proposals indeed are so noye] as to be almost startling, but these are siicli as to commend general approval, and the wonder ia that they have not been propounded before. The reference to the Education Act and its. system is most interesting. The principles of lliat Act, Mr Gillies pledges himself, are to be maintained in their integrity, and his inflexibility upon this point may be judged by the fact of negotiations with Mr Harper, who aspired to be Minister of Education, having been broken off, since it was ! made a sine qua non that Mr Harper should vote with the Government in the event of any interference being attempted with the secular priuciples of the Act. A proposition is made which pleases us, and it is a pity that it was uot carried into effect at the inception of the measure. " The large and increasing expenditure under the Act," says Mr Gillies, ' " points to the desirability of setting apart a, portion of the public territory as a permanent endow? ment for education, This territory must, become increasingly valuable, and will no doubt be able lo meet the whole of the cost of our national system. An effort will be made to stimulate the higher education by. foiiuding" State scholarships to be competed for in our primary schools? and what will entitle the holders; to free •education for short er locg ternis, according to circumstances, iu some'of the ex-' cellent grammar schools that already exist throughout Victoria." The .principles of the Public Service Act and the Act for the Administration of the. Railways are to be maintained in-their integrity—the new Government could not do less than an promise that, < ?> having done so, ,Mr Gillies next delivers himself of 'a statement which is peculiarly interesting to this district, and-indeed contains principles for which we have always contended :— The question of gTe&test-magnitude; at the present time is irrigation. _ Its importance has hitberto' been only equalled by its difficulty, but the difficulty is in a fair, way, of being overcome, and" the. problem—hdw'to' supply water for the irrigation of our arid districts—is being solved: The information collected haas proved the capacity of the rivers gauged to supply surplus water to irrigate several million acres 4 has shown that there exists large areas, for storage reservoirs at places well adapted for the distribution of the water .conserved : ,£hat tbe c 1st oL-the.^Btorage i and distribii ti'on is- withiii the means which. cin;- be reasonably provided by the.State m the first .instance ; and-that, with, carefully prepared schemes aud planEj—worked out under the control of the State'and of those most vitally interested in their success—the ultimate results cannot fail to greatly improve the- position of the farmers, and, by largely increasing the productiveness ;:-of.'.-their .'-'land, '-:addi to the national -wealth. .It is estimated^that-the. .cost,, of tlie necessary works .will ..not jexceeel^ .the am-mnts which may-be iirofitably-invested in t'hein. It is proposed that the State should advance the sums requirfd in the first instance, . with or without.interest, for specified terms, as the necessities of each taise ' may ' require. When the works are of more than'local importance, the loans will be supplemented by-liberal grants in aid 5 and where they ate of. a strictlyr national' character, and their construction, tinder the direction -tnd control-of the Government, tlie cost will be proffided by the' Stite.' Perhaps those ivho have so crmtemptuously pooh-poolied ; the ridea ; of "obtaining real assistance from tlie' Government for the completion of a scheme for irrigation of the country between Alick's Downfall on the Macalister River, and Sale, and the supply of that town with pure water, - will.come to the conclusion that 'it -might be as well to. wait, before mating another attempt to force the polluted Thomson River water upon the unwilling ratepayers. We might not be justified in calling the Macalister scheme, as proposed, a national work, but at any rate we could claim that it was of more iban merely local importance, and BO come m for a liberal grant-in- aid. It would surely be of more than local importance to save a large community from having-to .drink "Water from an lnipuie supply while at be same tune a large territory could be. :efhciently watered. This is just one of those cases in which a wise andMliberal aid ;could : reasonably be given to local effort.-and the ratepayers ought -to feel "thankful that £?000 has not- been pitched away on the Thomson scheme V> e can now tike that amount, at least, in our hand, and ask.the Government to make' up ; the. difference between the costs "of the two schemes. For the rest. "Mr Gillies promises, that colleges and schools of agriculture •shall befounded-: that information shall be pro cured from all parts nf^the sworld. sliow^ ing: what labour, saving.-processes jiave -been invented, trhownnsectsiandi diseases in Stock may be combatted, and .what crops can be most ./profitably; grown in Victoria- The Tasmanian Treaty -is not' to -be resubmitted -;to :.Parliament, and though that looks uncommonly like breaking faith with our neighbours, the Govern ment will seek opportunities to^enter into treaties fotfihe iatecchange, of pro duct-s and manufactures on terms mutually advautageous. - i^deratiou is to be extended and completed so far as possible tlie Government •tecogmsing that only by this means can we Iwpe lo keep the islands of these seas from bems; Annexed by a-foreign poMer and turned into con ict settlements The Electoral Law is •tube iiinende(J. in tbe'dii-ection.foff-aiin^le electorates Ihejiocal Gpvernuient ^Act^ is to lie: fut ther amended,; and tlie pvesen phn of tssistmg sonic local bodies with, grants of money for roads bridges Ac. $lac d on a better b-ibis 1 -Liberal provi- sion is to be mide for coal and gold jiro spectuig , Economy is -to he stuaied 11 the -same -time that thfe "finance lite ma thorouglilysouud and bealtby condition iitfd Mr Gillie feels ^-justified in look lu^ forwaul to 1 pio-.jjcrou's luUire lnj %hortivtheiiieWi Adiunustration 3- lonl.uig throughrose colouiedspec'tailes and f^Jljyi parry out the piomises scattered <roun|| .v,th s^b lavish hand, fl»puW»Trfrt •probably come to regard reason for their existence through tbe -samB kindly ^edium - THE oft reject d of -NprthjQippslkjid, r Wz) end iicficatiou, •publwliedjcll.ewiiere, ^mnouncea B-iounces tint nat^ie^ia nc his -tirtrdon siara-Ba-uiiiiia Ins tour, -until to night, wlien-it-is possible that he will enlighten us ai to what particular ioh he intends to play on this occasion. No doubt h« has aelected 80tae titlo under: ! which to run at the. present tinie, for ", Wbatm'akes kit doctrines plEua and clear ''- Abnilt ihr^. lmndred'pumidsa year! And a gentleman who lias figured as a Liberalpksa GohsefvaUve, as a^oiiservativeTLiberal, 'aiibeiai-Gonservativ^ iiaiiS,; ' as an Independent,, cannot- have much diflSbulty: in Atti^HhimselE.jsvith/a; yeriient 'mast- iii* 'these coalition • ttfffes;* We : kh6w''"6f- course' ]ust ; What' J 'inducements have been lield forth to Mr Davis , to come forth, and once more tempt the fate KS'ltnSws so ; weirpand Mr ; Davis knows our "opinion of liiiii ^and of all trimmers.^ • We' -are • Sure' tlie: Oonserva-: tives don't want hini^ and we kuow that the Liberal party won't irust him, so that We are hot~ : greatly concerned aboiit the result. There are stinie unteflecting persons, however, who are' not alive to the evil which may be' done by supporting a man, not because bt -hia political predilections, but because of-his Ppresuniedly; local connection, 4nd the other day the Age administered u smart rebuke to those concerned in bringing juch men forward. We repeat oiir conteriiporary's . warmng for the benefit of all.concerned'ir-. It is Excellent fooling to those leugaged'in the game, no doubt; but it is needless to say that.neither the;party .«or the public are served by it. The very best man ouhd^r the circum- stances may be lost to -a constituency,, for the. woi^st.man may easily creep ihrough^tbe cleft? ' and crevices that split it in all directions, The remedy for the evil rests solely with the electors. If, instead of otfering encouragement to the 'enterprising projectors;who run the datnmy candidates 011 these occasions, they left them to their own devices, the doubtful characters would soon disappear'^rom off tliestage:' 5 We should Jiave, fewer ,such hybrids as. iiberal- Conseryatives or Coiiservative-Xiberals, wliile it would'be sufficieint for. a candidate to label himself an Independent to secure .damnation, from both sides. As a correspondent siigge ts,: a Jjibted^OainsnrTttfiM^b' a Cpnserrative who is only fipbinc for ,Liberal votes under disguise, while the .independent is without any principle whatever, a^ld is what the Yankee humourist describes "jest a candidate in short." Our advice to Liberals is to shun these gentry with particular care. If. a. man cannot/, find -some good reason for ranging himself fun,der. one or other of the 'denominations into which society is divided it may be taken for granted that his vision is imperfect or his sympathies are shrivelled and dwarfed.' Liberals cannot expect always to get Liberal measures from Conservatives, any more than a corrupt tree; can bring forth good fruitand it woiildibe a fatal Tnis, take to play into the hands of the Conservative party for want of recognising' this truth. We must withhold further reference to Mr Davis ? ;candidature until we,know, in what questionable shape he -intends to make his appearance befor'e r'thb electors. Lv connection .with the. new Licensing Act mow; in force, there is t one matter, that regarding tlie .alterations, in the various licensing districts, wliich' demands the attention of ^publicans. Under the old : act, licensing courts were held.at all places at which petty sessions courts "were held, and. each licensing district extended from the; town at which the .licencing court sat, half way to the next place at which such a : court was held. By the provisions of the new act each licensing district consists of one division of an •electoral district, but licensing courts will not be hefd within each such district. In Gippsland, licensing courts will, sit quarterly at Omeo, Bairnsdale, Sale, Stratford, Palmerston, Traraigon, Walhalla,; and Warragiil. The court held at Oineo Vill'„have ^control, over tbe licensing aisr = tricts (equivalent to electoral divisions) of Ome!) and Tongio. The Bairnsdale court embraces within its jurisdiction the libensing'districts'of Bairfisdale, Wonnongatta, and Buchanj the Sale court, that of Sale 5 and the Stratford- court, that of Stratford. The Palmerston Court deals with licensing business; in the licensing districts of Palmerston, Tarraville; Woodside, and Alberton ; the Traralgon Court in the licensing districts of Itosedalc and Traralgon-; the .Walhalla Court, in the licensing district of Walhalla and "the Warragul Court, -in the Buln Buln licensing district. The licensing bench will sit at no other places. Under.the present -arrangements,^applications for licenses. at, Cobannah Creek (formerly lieardat Dargo), and . Iguana . Creek (formerly heard at Bairnsdalei), will "be dealt with by the court at Stratford, as also will applications 'for licenses, "at Maffra and Heyfieid, which -jvere formerly .heard at licensing., courts .held at the places men-' tioned. Tlie - Walhalla Court will now dj'udicate upon business af Jericho, Tanjili Glerim^ggieJ and Seaton, all of - whicii formerly came within 'the compass of other licensmg courtB. The Palirieretoii Court svi'l comprise within its jurisdiction Foster, Mirboo South, and all the country oil tlie Sbsith Bide of Merriraaii's .Creek. Boolara and-,;Mirboo conie ivitiiiri tlie scope of the'Traralgon Coiirt, which is also the court 'at which applications in Eoseiiale, and the wholo of the Bdsedale' licenaing district will be heard. It js" -important for . publicans,^before giving motice of application'for a license; to ascertain-m what district the house is situated, and- where the court ; will " be held, as should; they give notice:to apply,:at th% wrong court.- they will have to suffer for their carelessness, as the- bench will be powerless to allow; the notice to be aided. The arraugeinentssas to dates, etc.. for the holding of the idicensing cnurts-are published sin another column. Mr.albert--Harris will arrive in Sale by the last tram-to-night; preparatory to, addressing the elector Our Walhalla correspondent wired yesterday "Davis wont stand the ghost of a show here.--Walhalla supports the old members.:' The obligations under which Sale and Bairnsidalehe to the old jnembsrs. ,will- also ensure, them support at both places, An account forcthe Sale Borough Gas Works •is at the Keceipt and Pay Office. Sale. A man named M Lnughlin has given - him - ;elf,U]j to the police at Gootamvmdra. N.S.W., on a charse of forgery;.- committed at Yarrs gon nonstable ;PoHocfc'' of' Yarrasron. has been appointed to -succeed Constable -Arthur -at' Heyfield, be having been transferred to Hosedale A meeting, of. the; creditors of Mr.-HnEvan iEdwards Avill be held to-day. as <noiified in our ad e tising column Wurruk Wurruk lias been proclaimed township. -Its boundaries appearin last.weelc-s. Government Gazette. •iLocal Land Boards are-announced to be held, on v the > following - dates i^B-aimsdale. 24th March : :Warragul."55th Marcli Maich. . The contrac of Mr J Peterkin has been; accepted by the Sail vay Department fnr tlie supply ot 300 touB of firewood at^Traralgon at 1 6s 8d per ton I'resh tenders, returnableby the lith Mareh, are ! invited for the consLractioa ot- a, turret clock for the Sale post office :; s Wednesday next, the -2Jtb. iDSt., .:his; been proclaimedajpublicanilbankSiolidayfatSJase: daTe:!thef,o<waBionbeingttbe.®osedale,-annual; races. •-';• Mr 3. B.Kelly.of Dargo. .basbeeh ajipomted returning officer -for the school distuct of the; north riding of 'the ^hire.of Avqn The foliowing jjollili'gailaces ijn the electoral district of South Gipjssland lave been ap pointedLeongatlia,;for.the;iAIber£on division; Callfg^ieeSorthB3lVara!goailivision;:.andPoutli jyillunb^9rthe UI^oodsidediiu>ipn t f f Tenders~for theconBtiuctiynvi theMpemd "Karracan railway arc to be palled and made retarnaWe cm the 10th Mav -Tenders are^W to be called for the construction %f the Heales • ville railway returnable <m the 170olay 4 AmeetMgofcredifcQrsintheansol vent-estate; ot P Mangan of Sale formerly ofi<ongfo d;' will be held at tlie Courthouse -Sale on Wedneslay the 3rd Ma cb, it 12 noon foi tb s iprnof of^^debts. and the -electiim- ef-a tr'ustee inj tthe estate. We regret to heai thit Mt J 6 "Coupar of Pest r st eet 1 seriou lyill -soBeri6U ly th t: it In been de med necfism to teleg apli for. medical d to the ni trop lis. Ver mucb; -s rip tb as -felt for hrni b a 3arge -circle of. I.iends Aiiumlici of ladn. 1 - ind y ntkinin nnf it; ahe^Pre 1 terjan church cbvol room to present Mrs iLogm witb & pur e <i -sovereigns "M?" Thorn •fttlm rt-cuved the lep ito" Ihediri toil & Tae^lMer&ltde; of Au tralasia <Iiimiced). wlndi jnows g. -»try 6at!-,f(irlury it»|e ot%.ffairs atarbaTT^ ~-os3!-iirofi!;aoJ d and .^^anpTi'-^alsdn'j^tteSs'us' Holy Gommunion wiil/bs, admi'iififiered this morning at St . Paul's Church by His Lordship' the Bishop of Melbourne at half-past 8 o'clock, notat-llo'cl"c!c. Theformal businesa -of tlio chapter meeting will commence at 3 in tlie. afternoon." : A concert will .be held to- night at the ; Victona HaU. at which the Bishop of .Melbourne -will, deliver a'ii address.' As this will be 'the last. occasion' : on' '-which '"the'people if Sale ivill bavei an' opportunity of hearing- one of the • "Kble'jMiH-'-efogifeii)' addresses, owin^ to .hit.- now rapidly approaching' departure from the colony,, iher-e will iio J doubt^^be a large attendance^ ' ;; i Charles Burgess. avprisonBr,' who, while awaiting trial at the Rale Assists ou a'charge pf,/horaastealing,. aiade. bis? escapei from .the Melbourne gaol, has been'committed for trial at the Horsham Assizes on the 19th March, on another jcharge pt tersetealing. This charge will be disposed' of before Burgess is sent to Sale.to answer the former chiree, and his case will therefore not be dealt wirh at the coming ' A Wellington in connection with the Sale Borough Band tonic place last night, the Lakes 1 Navigation pomp ray's steamer Omeo being chartered for the purpose. "-About J.00.people .availed themselves of the opportunity for a pleasant outing, and spent a very agreeable evening, the, excellent intisie^which thebanddisbouMed during the trip being much appreciated.' The police request'"that" careful watch be kept for two daring gaol-Veakers, who, escaping from "New -South Wales, are making;',for; Ovens nr JJippsland districts. They were last Seen at Yarr iwonga Billy on lltli iust. Th-iir names are. John Watson,-aiios- Brpose,"dressed in light-trousers, "strapped,' and light . felt ;hat, carrying a small swag, -consisting, ot*old -calico; tent ;' abbut iS 'yeari . of age, And Sft 'lOin'in^ height, grey eyes, -native\oE Bungendore; was seatanced to 18 months'imprisonment on 17th April, 01885; at'- Queanbeyan;. quarter, sessions. His accomplice is Richard Simpson, about 30 years of age, 5ft Gin high.' "stoutly built, with dark .complexion, .grey hair- and' blue- eyes, native, sentenced, to" "three years' hard labour for cattle-stealing, tried on 10th October at Armadale circuit pourt, dressed; lir dark cord trousers, black vest and soft hat. . i Mr W.-A. Mackay, secritary of Jthe Yictorian Discharged Prisoners', <Aid Society will be in Saie to-day, and af crivards proceed to Bairnsdale, his o'nject bciti,^ to collect don? atieripin aid; of TOis'"most'm&serviiigicharity.-.; During the nast" yak -930 applicatiphs for 'aid have been relieved,..with tools, of 'trade,..cloth- ; ing, board and lodging, employment, blankets, money. &c..; and thanks to the aid given by the Society it is believed , that-many persons; after c being'diScharged';from ftaol, haye been;' enabled to commence an holiest life/- • ' Copies of the evidence taken by the Royal commission on cereal crops, other that; u'heat, best suited for the "soil "of Victoria, \vith" and witliout irrigation, will be sent; to ; 1,300'me'mbers of seventy-four " agricultural societies in "Victoiia. A great deal of. interest, says , the Bdtfy Telegraph', has been manifested 1 in : the proceedings of the cimmission, and arrangements are now .in progress for a. united con-, ference of-agricultural experts from tlie various' colonies. This conference, it is expected, will' be held about the middle of XCarcb. ? Owing to some delay in sorting the mail in the Sale pnst- office yesterday afternoon. it : missed-the -train, although its departure was' deferred for some minutes awaiting the amval of the mail-bais.. All communications p ist-d during yesterday,: would - therefore not be despitched Jill this morning. In addition to the Sale mail, the mails from Port Albert, Bairnsdal§ Omeo', Stra'.ford. Conngulmerang, and Maffra- tthe second mail) suffered by the delay.' ..-..,.-"' .' 7 ' '.':, • A" meeting of-the .'Sale Swimming Matches 1 Committee was held at the Hoya\ 35xchange oh Saturday -evening to take into consideration' the. disqualifying of F. Gilder for two yeirs for entering .in the boys under, 12 race,- when -he was over that age. It was stated that the entry had been made when he was under age, though he was a.-day or.two over when he contested.' After some discussion it was moved that. the. previous resolution disqualifying Gilder for two years be rescinded, and that be 1)2 only disqualified for the race in which-he had entered. In'our advertising columns it is notified that on Saturday next, the 27th inst., elections for the Omeo and Crooked River divisions of the Gippsland -mining -district^ will taker place, Messrs G. iH.' France; G. Gray ithe retiring members), 3. Gail, aiid ,W. J, Hall have been nominated for the Omeo diyision; and Messrs W. H.JiIorgan, A. J. Traill {the retiring members), arid J.,C.;pp&e;'fe'fprtbeCrjpked'B.iver division. Two gentlemen' have to be -elected to the Mining B;>ard for each division. The list of the polling places in-each division appears in the advertisement. In our Thursday's issue, an .error occurred.iin a' police ,report. "It . was. stated, that M^s Bondeson applied for the admission of her "daughter's" children to the IndustHal Sphool. It should have'read that the children were those of a man named '-' Waters," and the similarity of the sound deceived the reporter, the more so, as the proceedings were conducted in a sort of ntidertone. , Jn Saturday's issue, .we inserted a letter correcting the error, but yesterday - morning; • the proprietor, of? tlie" Mercury was. served with a writ issued by® , solicitor named Bencraft, and claiming on behalf of Mrs Bondeson the modest sum of. £10 )0. The exact ground on which "this sum was claimed was not specified.:. - The Indian Tourist Party made their last appearance -at Sale on. Saturday night, before an'appreciative" audience. The first part of the programme, which. was entirely nenywas received with' great satisfaction. The finale, Round the World with the National flags and, hymns of Europe, etc., presenting a very pretty ' picturei In tbe second part ' Dave' -Gardner- fcepWhe,audience in roars of-langhter'-- with his comicalities," and Oscar Sinith w^si equally -successful; -.rMiss, JJellie Hariey :^nd f Miss Melville rendered some very.nice. ballads,. elicited grfe'at applause in;.his song " Simon'the cellarer.' 1 Miss Ste\vart.acted ^accompanist; , and played several choice selections witli great taste aiid .effect. , T.he programme .concluded with a laughable" farce. .'The party were to appear at'Port Albert last night, and'willstay in that disfcriefc -a night br two, and we cab recommend the performance to "all ; biir readers, as being thoroughly.;]ileasitig and -artistic. , ^ y. ; Applicants to be recorded for appointment, in; the non- clerical division of the Public Service are called upon -to-present, themselves for examination" at i}'a.m. on "Saturday; 6th Marcli. ,at one of of the.undermentioned Stater schools ;—MeIbburne, i. K"o. 391, Central, Spring- street; "Bkllai-at; Ko. 33." Dahi:Street"j' Geeloug, Kb. 260, !Flmders ^ Hamilton. No. 205 J Sandhurst, .1^0., 1,976, . .Camp. Eeserve; Castlemaine, No. 119; • Beecliworth, Ko:'- 1,5G0 ; Seymour, No. 547 ; Maryborougi], ;No. 404; Sale, No. '545. 'Arrangements will be made for 'the -examination -of candidate 5 for the position .of/' telegraph., messenger''-at- "some convenientState : fechqol sther'-th'm rtliat' they have bjen iittending. • The classes of appointments, the selection of which is to be determined byiheiesult of'.examination,,are J —Warders, telegraph messengers, line lav bourers (telezraph). assistant, mstrumont fitters, inspectors of works.: foresters, junior, messengers, gardeners.?-night watchmen fire; Trieu boatmen, mail drivers, and turncock-.. K ews came by cablegram 011 -Thursday miming- says tbe Herald, that Mi Service, the late -Premier : of this colony, had been offered a kni"hthbod. and had declined'the honour. . A representative of the JTowM waiteJ upoa Mr Service, and ascertained .that, the intelligence' was perfectly correct. Mr SetvicB is dism-; clined for several reasons-to-accept a title. It , will be remembered that the year before last a,; cablegraphic message was,received by thejEress here- -intimating that» similar proffer had been msde-to Mr Semes, viz..-:oa ths anniversary of the Queen's Birthday of Jbat year.- andfhat he'liad then refused the honour., It was theu, however: only a rumour: but we thmlOwe, have good authority in saying that rumour 0(i r that occasion was for once correct. We bsheve,, also- that we are not far wrong in averring that on nther occasions the subject.has been mooted to Mr- ? Servtce: liy the Borne -.authorities, and_ that he'haa alnayS turned a deaf ear to the proposal The hops at Ormiston. Upper Maffra. ore, >; are glad to know, looking extremely web, and promise an abundant-harvest, their health and growth having been much assisted byf: the genial slmwer6 which.cfell lasti-month.^.Mr JL)ean-begins pickin»on-.-Wednesday,-and: can; y.t-find room for a few more hands, and as there is excellent accommodation providedrfjn tbe giound for f mill s^and all other here will donbtlessbe plenty of workers found when a commencement has been made. ; Some improvements have been made in the construc- tion of the kilu.,the»T0!if.0f which, haa been j-aised an additJOpal six feet, and coyerad, with bark iu the place of .-corrugated iron. Besides the 15 acres leased by "Mr Dean from Mi; JVm , Merry at O'miston. he has also 5 acresTante^; ft-om'Mr* Rooney: at Bundalaguah; 'which also' 11 proim6'e ^ellsand. pickins .will -ibe commenced theife'in'i.bbut :a,week; or, ten days; - His-son; Ur Ch&s.; Dean. has leased Mr J. M. Clarke's hop ground near Maffra. but the crop there does not look so well and abundant as tlie others- aud-areinot nearly w saeh*ai forward State: picking hero will not be"m for about a fo'tnight- Tlie strong ivinds which have.been evperionced lately, have done a -good deal nf -diiiiane ±o:ihe,ho»nroun^s,au„b-.owing!dqwA- -uum'iersofiwles.cauaiugtlie Vmea-tobe much •tossed about and.considerablybruised.-rbut the damage done - was ;not of any .great extent, -and Was remedied as promptly as possible. -During Jast' week the heat has bsen most oppressive, with-hardly abreath of • wind, and^o exhaust, mg hasitbeen f It jtlut on JViflisy work had: to b suspended on the mire <gpdEea- and u 1; sh Itered portions of the ralWay works at Maffra The^ ffKi states that Mr Service beforejre ; -lgning his position as "S em er ^ddsssjed a letter to his secretary Mr L J Thomas ex or ssingln.extremely eulogistic -terms bis ap .pronation of thattonttemauServices &S; him dormg tbe pait three yeir "" Mr aervici states that the judgment intelligence and meat Ability -wbic)i have been displayed by I11., Secretary have'mate lally-c ntribited to lessen the labours ip which li hasbeeucnga ed audi wh'Cb-'owing'totbe- Tficentidevelopmeutofetlio 1 external pol cy liav beeh unpiecedenteily, •evere 'Per^onal!y.nthe.-late .^Premier Tec.ado lu opinion tb t the sec etary'to the Premier? -oaghttoliavej-ank 111 the first d \i ion of th ; public service -aslns-4uties are es entially of. the ;first order in importance and Mr Seme t adds that it be hacl -fe ntmued in offic he: would ba^ e brought Hie matte jtmder the -con ' jSldeiataonofthe Pubiie^ervjce<3omm sioners;: and, jntbe'event of (lieu: concurrents wou d| h&fe; asked S^ubameist to s ncfao this pio i mption '^.'He-Expre sesthe hbpe that his sue; ces or-will lewthe mattei ^nu the same light Mr Thotaa who is incleSdlan excellent offic r sanephfewof Mr John-Thomas f*imeriy of the It n n i.nt3 a j. Lbeul it. ldcntoi bll T101 eu Gr«.inment 1 noi ci injilclcl, Hi list of' Ministera -i.j tns ,f(iIloiv3.:^-Premier, Treasurer, - an! Minister 'of' Railways, Mr Gilhes ; Chief Seoretary and^Iiiiister of Water Supply, Mr 1) akin ; Att miy-Gener.il. Mr Wrixon ; Minister of-j jiistiae, ,Mr Cuthbert; Ministervof Defence, MriL'irimer; Minister of; SablIe%Jstrii6ti^^luV?«arSo!t^ ''MiniSteK!^ Lands and Agricu'tiirft, jit'Doiv ; Minister of Mines, Mr Jame^;; .Commissioner rbf. Public Works, Mr ? Is im'-.n;; ,\ ;^ommisstoiier nf Customs, :Mr Walker ; :>Postmas'.er-General, MrDerham:; member of ;the.Executive-^with--; out portfolip), Mr SI. H." Davles. ' ; -A^ompljmMtary spwMjwas giveii.onvFficlay; iv^ning.'ifipnftS'the Age, tb'Jifr Graham Berry bj' his Constituents at Geelony,^ by way of bidding iiim farewell "on 'his' approaching departure for -London to assume offiie as Agent- General for the colony "3n England. ' The entertainment took place in the^Exhibition, Theatre, and Was attenHel by.about 590 ladies and gentlemen; . Mr Wm. Summers, mayor of Geelong, piedded. ..Amongst this guests were the Pr.'mier(Mr Gillies),- the XJhief 'Secretary (Mr Deakiu);t!ie Minister of Lands (Mr Dow), Mr J. F. Levien, Mr J. Campbell, iT.L C. and ;Mr G. Cunning',lam. „The toast of Our Guest was proposed by Mr Henry "Meakin, arid in response Mr Berry mvie a spesch. in which he reviewed his political career and his .connection with Geelong as a journalist. He mentioned a number of the principal measures which had^ become law r.ince lie first identified himself - with pilitics, but. carefully abstained fr jrn:dludmg t<0he Ministry of which he was recently a imemberj -or to the acts, passed by the Parliamerit' vyhich had 'jntf- exjiired. »He explained that his object in refraining from alluding to1c,urreiit r eyents^was.that he'was now out of politics," arid 7 he "did not deein it right that he should say anything; that-might infl'ience the coming elections. The toast of the Parliament and Ministry of Victoria was proposed by 'Mt B. F. Richardson, and responded to by Messrs Gillies, Deakin, Campbell,"t'evien and Cunningham, all of whom spoke in terms of eulogy of Mr Berry as: a politician and a leider. A handsomely engrossed and illiimi' nate I address .Wjis'presented to Mr "Berry by .Mr Meakin, (on bjhalf of the recipient's friends 'i&nd; supporters iu-G;elong^ $: Mr F. C. Mason iias received the following fetter from the Lauds Department ..respecting the drainage of'the Moe'sWahipi—Landi De- Bartmeiit, Melbourne, J.2th Feb., 1886.—DESB SIB,—In answer to your letter ;nf the 10th Inst., I beg'to'intimate that Mr Surveyor Tnrdner will commence the work of ascertaining the levels,- etc., .of tlieiMoe swamp, preparatory to the drainage of the same, in about a fortnight fronrthe present date.—I airvDear Sir, ifaithfully yours, A;' Mosniii, 'Secretary for -Tjands. Mr Mason, ^whobas. been Jholding. iniffit successful meetings at Drouin; Yarragon,' .Childers, Thorpdale, Narracan, Trafalgar, Moe -and ' j^j w^wjMiilwa. tiontohis late constituents at Tfai al^ar and' Moe last nigbt.-an'd its announcement was receive i with rounds of applause. .- .'The action of the Railway Commissioners in calling for tenders for the construction of the'Moe and Narracan "Valley railway line- has,.given great satisfaction to Mr Mason's - political friends and opponents alike. Mr Mason addresses the electors at Traialgon Mechanics' Institute on Thursday, the 25th inst, at 8 o'clock. Mr fleo. Davis has,..as will be seea in another column, decided on contesting the North Gippsland electorate at the forthcoming election. This afternoon a meeting of his friends and supporters will be held at Killeen's Longford Hotel at 3 o'clock, and this evening Mr Davis will address the electors in the Mechanics' Institute,", Sale, at 7 i0'cl0'ck. To- morrow he will speak at Rosedale and Heyfield, and on Thursday at Coivivar, Toongabbie, and Walhalla. i Tenders are invited for tlie erection of a Mechanics' Institute at Maffra. Tenders must be sent in by the 1st March. 