The Mail Package. The dearth of greatness in literature is never perhaps felt so painfully as on the arrival of the home mail. Every week the mail comes in now, every week with its boxes and packages of books. Its new notions in literature, plentiful as in American mechanical appliances, but nothing beyond notions, little auins and cranks, scraps and fragments, chips and simple turnings, never the solid work or even the instalment of the great work which of old time grew beneath our eyes to completion. There are no live people in the books that come out to us now, says the old bush man, and if we had but monthly or quarterly mails, as in the old time, we should either be choked outright by the flies of rubbish they would bring, or die a literary death for lack of proper nutri tion. Ah.tothinkof theolddays when 'BeckySharp' was plotting all the time we were waiting for our mails, when we knew not what might happen to the young Virginians through the month, when even the temples of mystery of the ' Moonstone ' or ' Woman in White ' were slowly rising ; when we knew not whether Captain Cuttle might be delivered over to Mrs. Macstinger, or if David Copperfield and his child wife were doing better with their cooking. There was life and strength in the novels of those days ; there is nothing but prettiness, or milk and water tragedy now, and if you step outside the range of English literature, you are straightway amongst the pigs. Lookhere, says this grumbler, andthrowsopen a parcel containing seven books. Here is, a week's allowance. One can't grumble at the quantity, but what shall I know of any of them a month hence. What ! have we Ouida once more? And I remember the days, and they do not seem so long ago, when I sat up and carted in logs through a whole long winter night to finish a book of Ouida's. I burned all the cook's fatr too, by the way, to keep my lamp going; and when the sun rose in the morning he seemed tinged with a dozen rainbows, about which capered the great full-throated, languid blonde, or thundered the black-moustached broad- chested masculines each one, as it seems to me now, an apotheosis of the the things I scold the girls for bothering with in the Family Header and London Journal. Yet, Ouida could show us the colour of Italian seas then, and the light of Italian skies, and clever as any scenic artist in making young moons set behind silent palms, or life-blood from gaping wounds well over into Arum lily-cups. Here is our Ouida again, with ' Othmar.' It ought to be pleasant to be taken away out of our dreay Australia to the mighty castle of her first lines, ' .ASrial, fantastic, stately, with its colonnades of stone, rose- garlanded, and its stone staircase descending into bowers of foliage and foam flowers.' ' But it used to be pleasant to go to the panto mime t-- watch the bouncing men and the swinging women amongst stars of tinsel and roses of cardboard, and seas of looking-glasses, and skies of calico and lawn ; but if any theatre had kept on transforming continu ously for five-and-twenty years would it still have Eound great audiences ? Our Ouida seems to me to have been always building up cardboard towers, scattering paper roses, flashing electric lights, mixing up Russian princes and Polish counts, first ladies of the theatres and second ladies of the couits, in romantic, ' fantastic, unnatural fashion, reducing democracy to a sort of covetous hatred, filling Ignorant innocence with vain desires, doing harm, I say, doing harm in every way. I wish she would die with her everlasting ^Na dines and Othmars Damarises and Blanchettes. Can't we get back to Peg and Poll and Jack and Tom, and find the poetry, the romance of their poor -feutjjLeasant lives ? We ought to reach back a little ; we should find ourselves travelling again on the old natural lines With a book by David Christie Murray, author of 'Joseph's Coat,' of 'Hearts,' 'A Model Father,' and other books with good old Saxon-sounding nawipg ; but this is ' Rainbow Gold ;' Mr. Murray will away into dreamland with all the rest. He will tell a story of the queer cosmopolitan life, with which we are so familiar in modern fiction, when all the people, if not all the kingdoms of tbe world, seem to meet on one stage, and clash and bang and clatter and fight and court and laugh and weep. He will begin in Fleet-street ; he will wind up in the Balkans, and a merry dance he takes the reader who follows in quest of the Rainbow Gold. He is in company with many interesting people ; he is constantly imagining himself in the last ring of the maze of the plot ; but he pitches down the book when the clock strikes 11, and goes to bed never dreams about it ; and as he rides across the plains next day, the book affords him no companion ship ; an4 if, in the evening, he found that somebody had dropped in from the next station, and all the folks the yellow lids had introduced to him last night were now 30 miles away, he would hardly, get up an honest rage. : It..is light and pretty, -and bright and innocent, this book . of llainbow Gold, and a' good heart is sliOwn in the poetic dediealjon 'To my Wife,' as a clever head in the chapters following. There is a welcome and honest and manly protest in a few verses of that dedication which merit broad advertisement. The author does not claim a place in the very highest circles. Oh, there the giants build t They plant ! they train their mighty fine ! I am not of their atrial guild, I plant another sort of wine I Yet, ladling by the barrel's brink. And keeping; open honse for all, I take a sort of pride to think j Tbe wine is honest, though, 'tis smalL j 'Twere cheap and quick to lend it fire ; j The Rcenchmaa'-s neVr-brewed chalice owns | All fevers of the vile desire That racks old Lnsfg unmarrotrcd bones. Ah, no ! The liquor may be thin; j It shall be honest. -Be who sips Shall lift no sugary poisoned sin Of my concoction to his lips. Hands round, my brethren, young and old, And make a compact, strong and sure. Oath-clinched and sound — it .shall be told For ever— English Art was pore ! I never knew what good reason there was for that resolution and pledge till in this same packet of litera ture, one of the seven books forwarded me by this mail, I find a translation of a French tiling. No, it is J .not there now, and I shan't name it. I read a little, I read all, and then I went out into the bush and looked for a hot place in th,e paddock where the lads are burning off. I don't think I ever knew the need of what Carlyle calls ' the purging fires of hell ' till I read that book. Why do they put such things in English ? Why do they admit them into our j colony ? I tell you plainly I would rather see small- ] pox break out on one of my children's faces .than find i such a book as that in their rooms. ' And 75 editions j of it have been sold in France, the advertisement says, j Poor France ! The Germans can hold her very i cheaply and mock her at will while such | stuff as that is her chief mental food. What j have we here? Let it be something English. Ah, yes ; it is good English this ! ' The Talk of the ; Town,' by James Payne. James Payne has been giving us the talk, the gossip, the cream or the scum of the town, for more than 20 yfears now. We do not expect him to lift the roofs, to open the windows, to look through flesh, to divide joints and marrow, to show us the inner workings of life, the fountains that supply ? the great deep. Enough if he presents a pleasant picture of the spray and foam — a little of the surface ebullition. He cannot paint earthquakes or vol canoes — does not pretend to ; comes to you with an honest but fairly 'cute man-of-the-world sort of smile, with a pleasant picture upon his cover of three old ; rascals busy rather with the scandal than the talk of the town, and a damsel gathering flowers, but, as I I should say, listening a little bit too. And then he ! begins to talk about Aunt Margaret, who has lived a long time in the world, and of other de cent and entertaining people, young and old, who jog along together, and quibble and quarrel, and laugh and weep, till the bell6 ring down on the kisses in the last chapter, and you pitch the book away with, no more thought or concern in its contents than in the folks | you may have met in a day's city life. | Are there any more ? Yes, two more. One or two I such by every mail now, trying to sell themselves by i their covers, or their adaptability to certain railway journeys, or their mad sensation, or their new ideas. Their new poor ideas ! Why Coleridge, or De Quincey, or any of . the old opium-eating school, would have turned out ten thousand better notions than those from an ounce of the drug. - ' Seized by a Shadow !' Heaven preserve us ! Look at the thing. 'Tis liker a nigger painted for a corroboree than a Christian man's book, and as much like those grand old ghost stories Bulwer and Wilkie Collins used to tell as the blackfellow's debbel debbel is like Milton's Lucifer. Yet I read the thing, and I don't go to bed till it is finished. And I read also ' The Valley of Andorra,' with diagonal bars of red and green for decoration ; and when it is ended I think — yes, very often I think, and wonder, and ponder— over the question, Do I get any better fun out of all these packages now than I got out of Shakapeare, and the Bible, and the Family Doctor when they were my sole library through six- and-twenty months ? Certainly I learn less and how much do I owe the bookseller ? It wouldn't matter much if we had anything for it. But look at those boxes of yellow backs, all that all the ~ mails have brought us for a year past. Why, I would give the whole lot 10 times over for a Waverley, or a Dombey, a Barry Lyndon, or a Felix Holt, or another book such as that which will keep an author's name warm through two or three generations, the beautiful ' Lorua Doone.' Nelly, girl, look out those old journals of mine. Why, 4f I had but thegift I could make a bode myself that should raise the hair of all men living and rattle the bones of the dead. But I haven't, and so the romance . of my hard life dies, as the ro mance of Australia seems dying, without a single chronicler who can tell the tale truly, having seen it with his own eyes. AN OLD BUSHMAN. 