THE SOUTH AUSTB.ALI iK DEFICIT. ' Dead broke ' is the expressive term which sums up Mr. J. C. Bray's financial statement, recently delivered in the South Australian Assembly. His budget for the year is a roll of financial dis asters, and he is compelled to admit that even the modest anticipations of twelve months ago have been proved erroneous, and every prophecy then uttered has been falsified. Under such depressing circumstances as these, Mr Bray is far from being an agreeable companion. TTis position as Treasurer is the most difficult in the Ministry, and he belongs to that uneasy class of financiers who ; walk at midnight like insolvent ghosts, thinking of approaching liabilities which it seems impossible to meet At the present critical juncture it might, per haps, be more appropriate to allow the public creditors to do the walking for a change, while Mr. Bray goes to bed, but the latter gentleman evidently regards himself as paid by the nation to play the part of a family banshee, and weep over the past glories of South Australia, land he fulfils his role with a perse I verance and energy worthy of a more cheerful cause. The people of the Colony, however, are beginning to realise the fact that \ Mr. Bray, despite his unquestioned i I abilities, is hardly at his best when ? nlaced in charffe of a valuable deficit — the only thing of which he is at present ' the custodian- Mr. Dickson, in a similar position, would assume his blandest smile, and point out bow a shortage — or at least this particular one — furnished the highest possible testimony to the wisdom which irradiated the inmost recesses of the Griffith Cabinet : Sir Patrick Jennings, on the other hand, would mildly hint that there should that the Opposition, in some unex plained way, had embezzled the balance ; while Sir Julius Vogel would toss double or quits with Fortune, and trust for success to that double-headed coin which has so often enabled him to cheat the fickle goddess. But Mr. Bray has none of these resource with which to tighten the gloooi of hk annual state ments, and he possesses instead an artistic sense of colour, which enables him to paint a national disaster until it assumes the ebon hue of a national crime. His budget speech sounds like a funeral oration pronounced over the mortal remains of South Australia, and such orations are dreary things, even to the corpse. The figures which the Treasurer laid before the House, suggest the idea that he has lent out the deficit at usury, for it is increasing with the phenomenal rapidity of a loan at compound Hebrew interest. At the commencement of the financial year, the debit balance stood at £436.000, and it was theu confidm-.ily assumed that the turning-point haJ been reached- New imposts were freely resorted to, which, it was asserted, would infallibly close the gap between the two ends that so obstinately refused to meet. The land and income taxes alone were estimated so highly that some sanguine spirits even hoped for a surplus, especially when it was ascertained that the expenditure was likely to be much lower than had been at first anti cipate. But the revenue, as it now appears, has undergone the enormous depreciation of £448,000, or, in other words, one-eighth of the expected re ceipts have vanished into ethereal space ; and consequently this year's deficiency, in spite of new taxation, is greater by far than that of the disastrous twelve months which preceded it. The colony now finds itself £853,000 to the bad, with every prospect of seeing this balance increasing, within the next few months, to a million, and it is freely de clared by many to be on the high road to insolvency. The causes which arc assigned for this state of things are too numerous to be recounted. By some it is entirely ascribed to lavish borrowing, by others to a species of cowardice, which pre vented the Government from borrowing enough. The construction of railways leading only into a wilderness is de clared in many quarters to have ruined the exchequer, while, on the other hand, it is asserted that had the Ministry pro ceeded to build lines in every empty spot in theu- vast territory, South Aus tralia would now be the richest and most prosperousofalltheBritisbColonies. The innux of Chinese, the bad state of public morals, and the parsimony of Christians when the hat is passed round for Church purposes, are all named in various quar ters as causes which have led to disaster. Among the remedies proposed, that of appointing a season of humiliation and prayer seems to have found favour with an extensive class, and its advocates ap parently imagine, that Providence, thus appeased may endorse the colony's paper at three months after date, and make it again negotiable. A few ram pant atheists issue a counterblast* in which they call for the abolition of religion as the panacea for all evils ; but the greatest hope of the colony seems just now to be centred is the issue of State guaranteed paper, as a means of creating capital where none at present exists. Unfortunately, however, those who advocate this remedy are quite unable to devise any means by which its use could be kept within due bounds, and past experience has shown that where it has been employed, a time has almost invariably come when a barrow load of Government paper would barely pay for greasing the wheel of that humble vehicle. As for the Treasurer, he is reduced to fall back upon the old expedient of more and yet more taxa tion, though it is getting difficult indeed I to find anything in South Australia ! which can stand an additional impost At such a juncture, the want of a great and daring financier is keenly felt The position of the colony is abnormal, but it is very far from being desperate, and a statesman who is qualified to wield a sceptre could even now galvanize it into new life. But Mr. Bray is fitted to wield nothing more imposing'' t.han 21 cotton um Lirella, and though he tuav handle that weapon with grace and dexterity, it cannot supply the place of I the magic wand that is needed to restore order out of chaos. Such an expedient as the establishment of a Government monopolv in spirits* would till the empty Treasury to overflowing, but unless some scheme lite this is resorted tOv t'io Colony must ap parent'y struggle on in the mire until a geueral revival of trade sets in, Ordinarv men would, no doubt, stand aghast at so revolutionary a proposal and would require some time to grow accuitoiiied to it, hut the idea is far from being unprecedented, even in British territory. The Government of India is supported to a very great degree by its monopoly of opium, while Peru, nntil I the recent war, depended less upon . taxation than ou the guano deposits on its coasts. South Australia has sunk so low. not because of its wickedness, as the ultra-Christians of Adelaide are fond of asserting, but because its three staples— wool, grain, and copper — have uudevgoiw a depreciation w hich has driini up the springs of industry ; and no ordinary means can keep the Trea sury supplied until better days arrive, , For the present. Mr. Brays budget will i furnish a text for such prophets as Jlr Froade to dilate upon, but it presents at least one redeeming feature. The colony stands aghast, it is true, at the gap in the national finances, but the ont_Ty raised, both by the people and the Treasurer, shows hovr thoroughly they appreciate the danger of their position. Tn half the countries of Europe, much larger deficiences are now of yearly occurrence, and are regarded as matters of course; they are simply added to the growing mass of debt which will never be paid, and because nothing is said the superficial prophets vrho take so deep an interest in colonial finance pass them over in silence. 