THE BAi^ MEETINGS. An unusual degree' of interest ia felt juBt now in the half-yearly meetings of the Banks which are1 held daring the Tiresent , month. ?- . , At riha* -two .-. meet ings which took1 place1 -yesterday tsdme: le^Lperlment* qnestfons, were, asked ; by shareholders, and the points raised by them are worthy of most- -careful attention. At the meeting of the Bank of Adelaide Mr. J. Varley introduced the subject of advances to Directors and officers of the institution. The clause in the Bank of Adelaide Act which deals with, this matter is as follow:— 'The discounts or advances of the said Corpora tion within . the said province to any Director or officer thereof, with or without security, or on security bearing the name of any Director or officer thereof, a maker, drawer, acceptor, or endorser, shall not at any time, to all the Directors or officers collectively, exceed in amount -one-third of ; the total sub scribed .capital of the said -Corporation; and no Director shall exercise his vote at a Board meeting on any application for monetary accommodation in which it shall appear to the Directors at such Board meeting that he is directly or in directly, interested further or otherwise than aa a mere shareholder in the Com pany.'' Mr. Varley contends very pro perly that if there is to be the power to make advances to Directors and officers it should be stated in a positive and not a negative form, and. that the limits within which it may be exercised should be more clearly defined. He, howeverj urged with .great force that the power was exceedingly mischievous, and this view we believe will be endorsed by the majority of those who take the trouble to ffrink calmly about the matter, The answer of the Chairman to Mr. Yarley's very able and temperate strictures was far from satis factory. No douty, as Mr Fisher remarked, if the Directors and 'officers were unable to obtain advances from their own Bank they would be able to get them from another institution.; but that is not the point If Directors can give ' accommodation -to themselves and to their officers the way is open to fraud. It is beside the ques tion to say that under any system Iosbos will occasionally occur.;, but the point ik whether it is wise for those who are directly interested in. the Bank , to have it in their power to adopt a course which, to put it mildly, is c fraught with danger. B ia to be regretted that Mr. Vatley did noj press the matter. Seeing that Directory can' resign, and on resigning: .can disposs \--f all their shares, it k arery undesirable that they should have the power while on , the Board of ufiing their personal influence fo secure advances to themfielves. ..- : It^will be seen that by a little clever manipulation a large part of the funds of the Bank might be adyaneed to its Directors and officers, if those who had ' already obtained what they required were to resign their positions, ! There appears ;tobe no reaaon for auppoaing, that the power; has. Dean abased by the Bank of Adelaide, but witli the painful history of the Commercial Bank before ihem it is not Burprising that men like Mr. Varley f should be anxious to hare every pos -jslhle avenue to. fraud blocked up. There seems at the first glance, to be force in Mr. Fisher'fl contention that by delwriiiJg ^ ; Directors from receiving advan^fraud wdiild be promoted, be? cause if Directors are placed tinder a dis ability the disabiliViaai* .apply to any firm ot undertaking witt. which they are connected, and therejwouidb^ a tempta tion to keep their connection aecret The answer is that if a' Director could be guilty of such deception lie would be ? altogether unfit ;fo* bis ]pdsttion^ No doubt it would be unwise to maker too sudden a change in the method of con ducting the business of a Bank, and where the practice has been to -make adTane«s ta Directors an immediate alteration would* probably mean a considerable loss of business; but, nevertiieless, : Mri Varley i8 deserving of the thanks of the \, shareholders ; for the; Very clear and ? effective manner in' which ke' placed his ? Tieire uef ore them, «ndjit is. to be re giretted'I^BOm^di^nite faction was not taken r.Tbgf ;|he m6?fi^ r: r ^V ^position of the. $*&r;& Fund, and the method^:«idttio^aWeome in for a share of criticism^ 4fcKiher jrtatedthat ; ^e.Banl^^d^^-^^^and is true th&t; even if it were invested ia. Government lecaritiei an amount might i^bprrbwed on themaud ^ to the customers of the Bank, but the reserve Vrqul^itfli ie invested in securities that were unquestioned, and that iu the event of ah emergency could be at once realized, a consideration which ought not to ba .overlooked. The Government securities held, by. the Rational 'Bank represent a larger amount than the Reserve Fund, so that in that institution the fund appears to be well guarded. At the meeting of tine' National -Bank the question was asked- :whetherj-: as / they had rsuch a large .reserve, '.they , might not take a pound- per share from it and P^y ' $ fo f the', capital. The wisdom of racha step is not very apparent, and, moreover, the question is one that cannot Ik* settled by the local shareholders, but y-iirid;have to be dealt with by the share holders at the head office. At the Bank of Adelaide meeting a question was asked about the audit. Ia consequence of a resolution ' passed, at a meeting of shareholders a few years ago, the Auditors are prevented feom overhauling ; personal accounts. This is surely a great mistake^ With : such 'a1 prohibition it is impossible tiiat thejaudit can ^^'be ^satisfactory, and if the; 'Bharehblders are wise they will take_an early ?opportunity of reyersing.the decision7 just' referred to. The Auditors should have the fullest latitude given to them, and should be empowered to make any enquiry 'pr'investigatibn wHch. they deem necessary in order toi satisfy them selves of the accuracy and trust worthineas of the balance-sheet. ^Although at both of the meetings held yesterday some, of the shareholders- were inclined io be critical, there was a general feeling of ,Batisf action ; with the prosperous condition of thb Banks, and- the reports and balance- sheets were approved. . ..'; ';- .?;?..--?. The CowmjOijjsj) Ikpihi Exhibition. —We are ,enaUed .tills morning,, by the courtesy of- Hla Excellency the/Jovernorj to publish farther full telegraphic details of the inauguration of the Colonial and Indian Exhibition. ; It will be seen;that both. Her Majesjy and the' Prince of Wales made special ' reference,: as . we , . did, in our leading .columns: yesterdays -to the coincidence in'' date of the opening of the- Colonial and of the Great Exhibition 'of ^1851. * Hei loyal subjects will fully sympathize with the Queen in her reference- to the Prince Consort, and ^will. rejoice with her in the prominent .position occupied by the Prince of .Wales in the manage ment of the Colonial Exhibition. Nothing : was wanting to the com pletion of the scene on Tuesday but the presence of Mr. Gladstone, the real ruler of the Empire. It can hardly be thought that his absence arose out of any want of sympathy with- the colonies, and it would be fairer to put it down to the extreme pressure of business. The Premier is not a persona grata to' the colonies, and many will.be tempted to think that his erstwhile rival, Lord Beacons field, would have been prepared to sacrifice a day which might otherwise have been devoted to the maturing of an Irish scheme for the sake of showing his sympathy with the colonies. It is every day becoming more and more evident that Great Britain, if she is to maintain her place amongst the nations, must do bo as a colonizing nation,' and not as a simply European Power. This being so, it would have been in good taste for Mr. . Gladstone, despite his leaning to - the - Manchester school, to bave been present - at the opening of an Exhibition which 1b calculated to demonstrate the greatness of the Empire of which he is the ruler. It remains to be said, however, that the Ex hibition bids fair to get on very well without his patronage. Readers will have noticed that the South Australian Court is, according to our correspondent, one of the most frequented. For this we have to thank Sir Samuel Davenport . and .those who assisted him. They have worked with all their might and main to bring prominently forward : the. importance amongst the colonies of 'South Australia. Sir Samuel has devoted all his energies to the decora tion of the court and the disposition of the exhibits -in , becoming and attractive fashion. Just at this time the colony wants -all the- .services which her sons can render her to secure for herself : the fair, fame which once was unquestion ably hers, imd which now evil report has. almost wrested . from .her., Though we : do not respect either this or. our own j Exhibition' to work ** miracles, we are ; convinced that we can count upon botV as means to Bupply a long-needed: stimulus. What -is most wanted is a well-grounded confidence in our country and its prospects. This can be assured to ub if we take the trouble quietly to con sider the extent of our resources, and to discount; the effects of unpropitious seasons and of injudicious speculation. With all the other colonies we may expect to be benefited by the Colonial and Indian Exhibition, and the benefits which we ^ shall Becure will take the decided shape of increased immigration and the opening up of fresh fields of commercial enter prise. . Ridley's Reaping Machine. — In another column we print a letter from Mr. John Ridley, who has felt called upon to vindicate his title to be regarded as the sole inventor of the machine which bears his name. Forty- two years and more have elapsed since Mr. Ridley, then only thirty- eight years of age, gave to South Australia the invention which has ever since gone by his name. Whatever may be thought now as to the superior merits of other modes of getting in the wheat crop, certain it is that the stripper made its appearance at a most critical time in the history of South Australian agriculture. Chiefly through its instru mentality the problem of how to minimize the cost of harvesting by enabling the farmer to conduct reaping operations on a large scale with a limited number of labourers was effectually solved. In fact prior to its introduction so great was the difficulty experienced in securing the harvest owing to want of sufficient labour, that on one occasion those of the military who could be spared from duty were allowed to leave barracks for the purpose of assisting the settlers in gather ing their crops. The immediate result of Mr. Ridley's invention was to give to farming, or rather to wheat-growing, in this colony a stimulus the in fluence of which has not ceased to be felt np to the present day. Specially adapted as the climate is to the use of the stripper, its adoption in our corn fields placed South Australia at the head of the colonies as a producer of wheat, and in spite of many vicissitudes and many bad seasons she still retains the lead. It is not surprising that Mr. Ridley should feel jealous of the distinction of having contributed so largely to the advancement of agriculture in the province, and should resist the attempts that have been made to rob him of the credit attaching to his invention. Having derived no pecuniary benefit from his reaper he clings all the more tena ciously to the honour of having con structed the machine and presented it to South Australia. As he points out, for thirty years or thereabout his title to be the inventor waa absolutely undisputed. Then and not till then exception was taken to his claim, and it was alleged that he had stolen the idea from some one else who was on the track of the invention. It is not necessary to enter into the details of the controversy which has from time to time raged upon this point. This much must be conceded to Mr. Ridley, that he has by his letter once for all disposed of the doubt thrown upon his originality and the reflections cast upon his good faith. Without the slightest reservation he declares that from no source other than from 'Loudan's Ency clopaedia of Agriculture,' which contains a rude sketch of a corn-heading machine in use in ancient times, did he get the slighteat hint for his invention. This statement may be questioned, but the direct testimony of Mr. Ridley is so amply confirmed by collateral evidence that no real weight can be attached to the objection. Our venerable friend may rest content that after his decease no attempt to deprive him of the distinction he has so honourably won will be successful. Although South Australia has done little or nothing to show its gratitude to Mr. Ridley, his name will always occupy a conspicuous place on the roll of the colony's disinterested benefactors. ATLAimc Cable.— Advices from Berne notify that the Atlantic cable between Brest . and St. Pierre is restored. Passbkgkes by the R.M.S. Kaisabi Hind.— The following passengers are booked to leave by ? thiff Hteamer to-day:— For London— Mr. and Mrs. Eadford, Messrs. W. Mathieson, J. Armstrong, G. A. Ek, and Gard. The Ovebxand MAiL.--The overland mail to and from Melbourne will, on and after the 10th inst., go via Border Town and Dimboola, instead of via Fenola and Casterton* as at present, and the journey between Adelaide and Melbourne will then be completed in two days. The train leaving Adelaide at 6.50 in the morning will reach Border Tovra at 2.10 p.m. the same day, and a coach will leave there at 2.30 p.m. for Dimboola, which will be reached at 1 o'clock in the morning. A train will leave Dimboola at 10.35 o'clock next morning, reaching Melbourne at 10.46 o'clock the same night. ' ^ QuABAiminB at Tobkens IsEAirb. J— The Bteamlaunehee went- down /to; the island on Wednesday morning and brought up the Ohimborazo passengers released from quaran tine.- ?_??.??-.' :?;-'?? ?—-' r''-/-'j-' y ?'? .- ; ? ???-'- J_^ ; ? A . R-nk-KE-BTip'inma* ' Qtt ATmv-T..— TTia TInnrir Mr. Justice Bundey was engaged on Wednes day, in the case of .JP.3., A. Horn v. M. F{. GleesbnV-which is an action to settle a dis pute as to the . relations of the parties over the purchase from a broker in Sydney of forty Broken Hill mining shares at a time when they fetched about one-third the amount of what could be realized when the scrip was actually delivered in Adelaide. The plain tiffs case was laid before the Court, and the further hearing of the evidence will be pro ceeded with to-day. Tm IHTEBCOL05IAL RlFLB TEAM.— Ser- gean$Major Esselbach, of the V.M.F., has written to Major Blannin, of Victoria, ask ing him if a match could be arranged between a douth Australian team and the men who are going home to represent the sister colonies at Wimbledon. The steamer witii the team for England is expected to arrive at Adelaide on May 17, and daring her stay the match could be fired on the Port Adelaide Range. In the event of a favourable reply men will be selected who will practise in the meantime. The Steike at the Mtjbbay Relief Works.— As we announced on Tuesday, the men at the reclamation works at the Murray Flats have been placed on piecework. The Conservator of Water considered that the men at 4s. 6d. per day were not working fairly and honestly for the Govern ment, as according to the work they did it would have coat about twice as much per cube yard as it would have cost at a fair contract price. The men were therefore pat on piecework at 6£d. per yard. Of the ninety men at work only forty accepted the rate offered, the ? remainder of the men striking,; saying that,. they would not be able; to earn 4s. a day. Being anxious to prove, the truth or otherwise of this asser tion the Conservator ascertained what the forty men* who .worked earned on Tuesday. He found that six of the men earned 63. 5di, Bix os. 6dr,three5s. 2d., sixteen 5s., three 4s. 8d., and the remaining six 3s. 6d., or an average per man of 5b. per day. It was thua proved pretty conclusively that a capable man could' earn more: at piecework than the Government had been paying for daywork. All the forty men worked but eight hours each. .Our Murray Bridge correspondent telegraphs on May 5 : — ' The men on the relief works are, 'quiet, The result of working at piecework is turning oat better than was expected, Nearly all the men are at work at present— those at No. 1 Camp being on piecework, and those at No. 2 Camp being on piece and day work, the latter only until Saturday, when I under stand they will be paid oft unless they choose to goon piecework, which, under the circum stances, is better than nothing. If the men work hard they can earn from 4s. to 6s. pei day,' A Fbiendl* Critic.— The Argus of May c writes in the following hopeful strain :— 'The colony of South Australia is to be congratulated on the successful floating oi her loan of £1,332,400. The minimun was fixed at £99, and the average price realized was £99 9s. 6d. In the present circumstances this must be regarded at a highly favourable issue to a step thai at first sight appeared of doubtful wisdom There were several reasons for fearing an toward consequences. The insane 'lane racket,' and wholesale speculati n, thai have raged like a fever in Adelaide, hav- reduced the prosperity of the city tx alow ebb. The failure of the Com mercial Bank, with its distressing con seqnences, and the discovery of wide spread peculation in finanoial institutions, were not likely to inspire confidence The fact that the Government went t- the market at a time when rtheir securi ties were low might have induced 1 belief that their necessity waa greate: than it actually is. The state of affairs ii Adelaide afforded an opportunity for lender to combine and prey mpon the colony. Tha the loan was successfully floated goes to provi thatEnglish capitalists have not Io3t thoir con fidence in South Australian resources, It i evident, since the tenders far exceeded tin amount asked for, that they are perfectl; satisfied with the colony's security. Thi mark of confidence ought to have a good effec in the present depression. Altogether, th- prospects of the Bister oolony are beginninj to look brighter. 'Ehe atmosphere oi the commercial world has been cleared,' ai the President of the Chamber of Commerci put it, by the recent insolvencies. Should thi nest season be favourable, and the crops reach the average yield, tke farmers will re cover themselves. At the dispatch of the las' mail copper ^was showing an upward ten dency. Then there are rich lodes of silver the working of which pan ^nly be said t- have begun. When business ia placed on i surer footing, and the pernicious structure 0 false credit is swept away, South Australia ii likely to revive rapidly. The revival woulc be considerably accelerated by a strictei Bystem of financing, and the applicatioi of loans solely to the purposes for which the] are authorized. But, in the meantime, thi news from London belies the gloomy report! that the depression has caused, and Soutl Australia may take heart.' The Comet.— Mr. John SymonB, of Por Augusta, has furnished the following par ticulars of the comet eow visible near Orion'i Belt. He first saw it at forty-five minute! past 6 p.m. on Sunday ; the sky waa hazy On Monday evening the sky was clear, anc the comet was then 15' weat of the con stellation .Orion, On Tuesday evening then was a very clear sky, and at 7 o'clock th- comet waB 2° east of Rigel (Orion), so that ii is travelling eastward with great velocity Its magnitude is of the third ^lass, and th- nucleus extends for aboat 2J°. The cornel and its surroundings are not very distinct. Drought ik the North. — @ar corre spondent at Port Augusta telegraphed a; follows on Wednesday evening:— 'Beporfe from the pastoral districts state &tt;, ii consequence cf the continued drought, wnicl is 01 a distressing character, cattle and stocl are djonfj.' A correspondent writing fron Horrockfl Pas* on May 4 says :— ' Cattle aw dying fast, We have had no rain here to d- ny gcod, and things are looking gloomy.1' The following is irom' bur Quorn correspon dent, iunder date May 4 :— 'The country could not poasibly look worse than it does just now— not a vestige of grass to be seen, stock very poor, and rainwater scarce. Yesterday clouds gathered, and the glass fell very low, when it was generally hoped we were going to have a downpour, but the indications have all cleared off again, and we are still living in hope of seeing tain soon. The country has never been in such a drought-stricken state since the great drought of 1865.' The Bank of Adelaide.— The annual general meeting of this Bank was held on Wednesday afternoon, Mr. J. Fiaher, J.P., presided, The report and balance-sheet were adopted. Mr. Yarley urged the excision or modification of clause 14 in the Act of the Incorporation, which allows the Directors and officers to have advances to the extent of one-third of the paid-up capital. He said that this clause opened the door to fraud. The Chairman opposed the suggestion, saying that it would do much more harm than good to the Bank. He said that If the shareholders wished to take any action in the matter they must call a special meeting. In reply to a question the Chairman stated that the Directors and Managers had always set their faces against land Syndicates. Messrs. Fisher and James Smith were re elected : Directors. Me&srs.; Stodarfc and Ware were elected Auditors, the lattsr in the room of Mr. Yuill, resigned. National Bank of Australasia.— The half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the National Bank was held at the banking premises, King William-street, on Wednes day morning, May 5. There was a very good attendance, and the Hon. H. Scott, M.L.C., was voted to the chair. In the course of his remarks he pointed out that the business of the Bank had materially increased and was in a better position now than ever previously. It was stated that the total defalcations of E. W. Minchin, the late teller, amounted to£l,800, of -which £1,000 was secured by a guarantee policy ; and Annear's deficiency smounted in all to £1,000, of which sum £500 was secured. Every officer in the Bank was guaranteed for from £500 to £4,000, and the defalcations already made public \- were the only ones that had occurred, and ? they had been made within a tew days. Messrs. W. S. Douglas and C. Peacock were re-elected local Directors, and the dividend ; was declared payable. The Boys' Bbigade.— The first meeting in connection with the Boys'- Brigade since its inauguration was held at Moulton's Rooms' on'Wednesday evening. One hundred boys : were '? enrolled, and each received a badge, -which consists of a black ribbon with 'Boys' Brigade' printed in gilt letters. It will be worn round the hat, and a few ladies showed their prac tical interest in the movement by attend ing and stitching on the badges. At a Com mittee meeting of the Boys' Brigade held subsequently Drs, A. G. Hamilton and O'Connell offered to act as Brigade sur geonB, but consideration of the offers was deferred till the next committee meeting. The Hon. Treasurer reported having received the following gifts :— E. S. Wigg & Son, ink stand, books, paper, &c; Mr. Woodman, side diums with belts ; Mr. Birks, games ; H. Simpson & Son, games ; Mr. Witherick, books ; Mr. Winwood, books ; T. H. Fray, six piccolos. The following names were added to the committee :— Mr. W. Evans, Mr. J. W. Jones, Dr. O'Connell, and Mr. Lyons. The proceeds of the football match to be held shortly on the Adelaide Oval Mr. Creswell has arranged to hand over to the Brigade. Tickets can be obtained from the boys, who will be admitted free themselves on 'showing their badges. The Destruction of Vermin.— On Wed nesday morning a large and influential depu ation of the holders of annual leases and leases expiring in 1888 waited upon the Chief Secretary (the Hon. J. C. Bray) for the pur pose of urging upon the Government the necessity of taking active measures to destroy vermin on unoccupied Crown lands. Mr. J. K Stirling, M.P., introduced the deputa tion, who desired to draw attention to the ravages committed upon stock by wild dogs, and the mischief was on the increase. The deputation had not come, to ask for assistance in keeping the evil from land held by lessees either under annual or longer tenure, .but to show the Government the responsibility of assist ing those lessees by keeping the pest off laud unoccupied and unleased. He made special reference to the question of compensation for improvements on land held under annual leases which was surrendered. The Govern ment had intimated that the lessees had no right to surrender or to obtain compensation for improvements until the expiration of the terms, The Chief Secretary said the Govern ment would seriously consider the whole question. The Government felt in the interest of the public generally that they could not consent to allow those holding annual leases to receive the value of their improvements until they were legally entitled to it. j ?*' Univebsit? Shakespkabe Journal.'-— Wehave viewed the second number of the Univprsily bhakeepeare Journal. The place of honour is occupied by Miss Dornwell, B.Sc, who contributes the first part of an eBsay on 'King Lear.' The concluding portion oi Mr. Champion's scholarly paper on ' Shak Bpeare's Use of the Supernatural' is far and away ahead of the first instalment. Mr. Champion here touches upon the supernatural not as concerned 'in fairies, witches, and ghosts, but as touching the hereafter, and the mysteries of life. Mr. J. P. Short begins an essay on *' Romeo and Juliet, and there are two queries on Shakspearian matters, one oi which would seem to have 'drawn' the Editor considerably, We notice with plea^ sure that the Editor has acted upon oui advice, and appealed rather to the general members of the Society than to the official £ for contributions. With the exception of a short paper on Shakspearian quotations by the Editor, this month's Journal iB filled by members of the Society who hold no honorary rank. ? ' The Rainfall.— Wednesday's report foi twenty-four hours to 9 a.m,:— Robe, 0'025 Beachport, O'OIO, | 'InTiMPE2ANCB.'r-St. Patrick's Churol was crowded to excess on Wednesday even ing,' when Father Cumming of the Sydne] Roman Catholic clergy delivered an addresi on ' Intemperance.' The speaker said there was a relationship existing between man and God and We neighbour, but this relationship was broken by the demon drink, He quoted ancient Catholic saints who said it was the origin and Bouree of every evil. The condition of the drunkard and the poverty caused by his habits were ther graphically described. The lecturer alsc compared the prospects of a drunkard witt those of a temperate man. The Gatholu Church as well as society, had, he said, been attacked by drink, and the Chureh had nc greater enemy. It waa unfortunate thai drunkenness was so common among the children of the Church. . Death was, h- thought, in ninety cases out of every hundred accelerated by drink. With regard tc moderate drinking, which an eminent ecclesiastic had described as meaning any thine from a thimbleful to a bucketful, he urged his hearera to give it up altogether. In conclusion he made an earnest appeal thai all present would join the Total Abstinence Association at the conclusion of the address, and at the wish of Father Camming a large proportion of the audience who had hithertc signed the pledge stood up and renewed theii vows. Afterwards a large number Bigned, The lecturer, who has an easy and pleasant Btyle, was listened to very attentivelj throughout. General Orders Rifle Voluntbee Force.— Tae following orders have beer issued from the Staff Office by Lieutenant DeBurgh :— Attention is again called tc extracts below; unless the information ia quired is given it is impossible.to arrange foi the proper instruction of the R.V.F. The returns for May have not yet been received from the officers commanding' the companies mentioned below, which are within obtain able distance from head-quarters,- it is- re- quested that they may be forwarded— City, Blyth, Brighton, Caltowie, Eastern Su burban, Goolwa, Gladstone, Laura, Mount Barker, Port Adelaide '~ Ho. %' Pod Augusta, Quorn, Redhill, Biverton, Terowie, Unley, Goodwood, and Park I de, Wallaroo, First Midland*, and Cadina. Extracts R.V. Force.— Circular nemorandum of November 27, 1885 — To racilitate the sending of Instructors for drills md to ensure the rolls of the several com panies being correct officers commanding are requested to carry out the following direo iion :— The hours and date of the compulsory Irills for each month to be sent in at the end of the month previous ; and R.V.F. General Order No. 9 of 1836. Staff Office, April 2, 1886.— The attention of officers commanding companies R.V.F. is called to Paragraph 1 sf circular memorandum dated Staff Office, November 27, 188o. I am directed to point sut that without this information being . punctually sent in it is impossible for the Commandant to arrange, as he wishes to do, for a more thorough organized attendance of Drill Instructors at the R.ViP. compulsory drills for the companies desiring the same and within reach of Adelaide. City Battalion R.V.F. Regimental Order.— In lieu of the compulsory battalion drill called for Thurs day evening, May 13, the City Battalion of the R.V.F. will assemble at their Parade ground, North-terrace, on Saturday after noon, May 15, at 2.45. The Lieutenant Colonel trusts that every mau will make a. point of being present. The City Rifle Battalion will assemble at their Parade ground, North- terrace, on May 24, at 9 a.m., thence to proceed to Montefiore Hill to take part in Queen's Birthday Review. On both occasions helmets and one pouch only to be worn, Pouch to be on right front. Officers commanding companies of the City Battalion will forward to the Lieutenant-Colonel by the 10th icst. the numbers of officers and men who intend being present at the rehearsal parade on May 15, and the numbers to attend on the Queen's Birthday must be sent in not later than the 15th inst. Gawler Agbictjltural and Horticul tural SociETr.— The adjourned annual meeting of the members of the above Society was held at the Gawler Institute on Satur day, May 1, when the President (Mr. G. Warren, J. P.) occupied the chair, and there was a fair attendance. The election of offi cers resulted aa follows : — President, Mr. G. Warren, J.P.; Treasurer, Mr. L. S. Burton ; and Auditors, Messrs. E. S. Burkett and H. Paine. The departmental committees were also appointed. UAWLEB AND WlLLASTOK LIME AND BEICK Company— Some months ago tins Company went into liquidation, Messrs, H. E. Bright, M.L.C., C. Cross, and J, Allen being ap pointed liquidators, and they not having been able to dispose of the property, called a special meeting of the shareholders to lay before them a report of what had been done, The limekilns at Willaston have been rented by Mr. J. K. Charleston, and that gentleman made an offer to the Company to purchase the kilns right out, but the liquidators would not close at the amount offered. The special meeting was held at the Gawler Institute on Monday evening, the Hon. fl. E, Bright occupying the chair, and the following report was read :— ' The liquidators beg to state that the property waa placed in Mr, J. C, Wilkinson's hands to dispose of by auction, but failing to obtain the reserve price it wae not sold. The property ha9 always been open for a purchaser at the reserve, a price which the liquidators believe it to be worth, Two distributions have been made, the firs! 3s. 6d. and the second of Is. 3d. per share. The Chairman interviewed the Commissioner oi Railways and obtained a rebate of 25 pei cent, upon the rent of the Biding to the Company's works, thereby making the property more valuable. A rebate of 10 per cent, has been made tc Mr. Charleston upon the rent for the current year on account of the depressioi existing. A letter has been received fron Mr. Charleston's brother offering to purchase the property, but the price waa thought tcx low, therefore they replied that the property could be purchased at the price named to thi auctioneer, offering him the option to give u] the agreement and possession of the premisei on August 16. If this latter is not agreed t- the liquidators intend offering the property either by tender or public auction some fe\ weeks prior to the expiration of the dat named. The balance to our credit, afte allowing for the unclaimed distribution, i £75 18s. 2d.' After some discussion thi report was adopted, and the following motio was also carried:— 'That the property bi offered to Mr. Charleston, and failing a sal it be offered by public auction.' Barristers and Judges.— The tmth c that well-worn adage 'circumstances altei cases' has (writes our London correspondent been notably exemplified by the case o ' Goosey versus Jardine,' recently heard L the Court of Queen's Bench before Mi Justice HawkinB and a common Jury, for th Bait itself was devoid of any public interest but circumstances have transformed it into somewhat memorable episode, at least froc the professional . point of view. A .Btra* bonnetmaker named Goosey brought a action against Mr. Jardine, a whole sale dealer in that kind of gear, t recover £64, the alleged balance of an accoun between the parties for bonnets supplied t order. The defendant's counsel, Mr. Alfre Cock, was prepared to deny the accuracy c the account, and to maintain that some of ii entrieB were even 'fraudulently altered. His hands were full of business, and on th day fixed for the hearing of Mr. Jardine trial he had to be in another Court the fin thing in the morning, but as the list befoi Mr, Justice Hawkins was a long one fa anticipated no difficulty, and as a mei matter of form put his brief int the hands of a friend, Mr. Wedderburn, t hold till he'should be at liberty to claim i' As things fell out, the list was run throng with extraordinary ' sllckness,' and at 1 a.m. ' Goosey versus Jardine' was before th Court. Mr. Wedderburn, who had not ha time to read the brief entrusted to bin begged for half an hour's adjournment t enable Mr. Cock to come in, but the Judg peremptorily refused, and when— just as tl plaintiff had given his evidence in chief Mr. Cock did -eater and request permissio to cross-examine him he was at first stern] forbidden, and only allowed to do so as 'supreme favour' after- he had been wit much acrimony -charged with 'ecandalot disrespect to the' Court.' Then thecros examination went on for awhile, but pr- sently the Jury, prompted by the Judgi asked for the 'account-book, and havic examined one of its entries said that 'tL defendant had made out no case, whereupon Mr. Cock declined to pr- ceed -further before a Jury who ha made up their minds without eve hearing hifl client's evidence, and a verdfc waa returned for. the £64 claimed by th plaintiff. ? Upon this Mr. Cook, who hi certainly showni himself game throughoi the affair, appealed ,for stay of execution t the Queen's Bench Division, and laid tt wrongs whieh he considered his client ha suffered under JuBtioe Hawkins and th common Jury before Justices Grove an Stephen in very forcible language, windiE up with the assertion that 'there was not living soul in Court who did not know tin the case was not being tried with fairnei between the parties.' Their Lordshij retired for a short time, and on their retur Justice Grove led off with a dissertation o the utter impossibility that Judges could si on judgment on their brother Judges o exercise any power of imprisonmeni Having thus eased his mind His Lordshi went on to express his conviction that th Jury had not had an opportunity of calml considering the case, and that Mr. Cock, i coming late into Court, had not been in any wa to blame. Execution would, therefore, b stayed on payment before next Saturday c £34, a little more than half the amoun awarded by the common Jury. Mr. Justic Stephen then delivered himself in a simila vein, only he was less careful to disavow criticism of his brother Judge, an-?, mor emphatic in endorsing all that Mr. Cock hai done, saying that he had a right to resum his brief, a right to cross-examine th plaintiff, and had under the circumstance also upheld the dignity of hla profession. Foukd Dead.— A telegram has been re ceived at the Detective Office -from Corpora O'Mahony, of . Hawker, stating that a man name unknown, had been found dead in hi blanketa at Bratchina Creek. A rifle, th barrel and stock of which had been shortened was hanging on a tree near by. The polic are investigating the matter, 