An American Ghost Story ,The inhabitants of Seym-our? (U.S.A.) iand vicinity are said to be much.exercised in mind over the exditece in that town of a veritable hatintedl hotuie nd those who have occasion to ,pas the Filce after nighlt fall do so withi q iclened pulses and a fear thattheymay see. sdoiiething that would cause fright at least. It is believed that in tie little brown house where John Snllivhan and his wife were found detid in lst winter, after liairing been undiscovered for at ledast thirt-six llours : there is some strange and terrilte secret,ani that instead of its being, ih somie s ,ll;-iita l caise" of double sticide,1 perhaps boath Sililivan antd his wife were munrdered in cold blond. 'For somne .time time past timtid t people have hinted that all is not right. in' the lonely little place. Two or th-ce ,f;ianilies thave occupied the pla cesince the tragedy, and they iat once move out and awi'y, atnd .I are reticent is.to the c;iuises i only saying that they do not care to.live: there. Finally it transpired that thiefirst fniily. were an noyd0'l by stringe noises. -The second f;iuily .. heardl ll' sorts: of silpernatutrm sounds, hand so did thno thirdt familyl and it nould be hextreinel'y dificult now for the.owner. tU et. a tenant.: Veryre ceitly a' yonm' ran was ridintg 1long in eooa~piy wiih, a young lidyl when she suddenly gave, a s'hriek of 'terror amad sonvoavleive mizedhiimbthear -.e hastily asked her what she.meanit, and as soon as she could regain" her composure she said the saw the form of a woman on the roof wildly wavint her hands. Her companion tried to make her helieve that there was nothing in it, but she insisted, and still insists, that she saw the startling spectre. He made up his' mind tilat he would sift the mystery to the bottom, and the next night, in company with three or four re:iahrb friends, -he visited the spo'. [While they saw nothing, they asseut they heard mainy noises that in their opinion must be ascribed to sup?riatural causes 