ENTERTAINMENTS. MUSICAL AND DRAMATIC. The Marion Willis Company closed their season at) the Theatre Royal on Satnrday, ' January 23, withjthe old-fashioned ghost-and - murder drama of "Susan Hopley," which was played before a thin and spiritless dress 1 circle, a moderate and not enthusiastic stalls and pit audience, and a pretty numerous and more than ordinarily well-behaved gallery. Susan Hopley is a superior sort of servant girl, who sees in a vision the murder of her master (Wentworth) and her brother by a villain who abstracts Wentworth's will and schemes to marry his heiress. The villain and his accomplice kill Susan's 1 brother as he comes to the rescue of his master, and they conceal him in a cupboard in the old manor house with the will in bis band. The blame of the murder is laid on this victim, and Susan, who loBes her situation, devotes herself to the vindication of her brother's innocence She has a lover in a yeoman named William Dean, who has a happy knack of turning up and rescuing Susan when in difficulty or danger, according to the custom of rural lovers in melodramas. There are several characters of the usual sort, the conventional comic coBtermonger (with a real live donkey), the burly ruffian, the flippant housemaid, and the loquacious butler. Susan, of course, comes to the front to frustrate the schemes of the villains, and her murdered brother appearing to her in ghostly guise saves " of troubl the detectives a lot of trouble by telling her first where she will find the clue, and how to discomfit the wicked ones. She accordingly bursts upon the burly ruffian and his accomplice and fights them both single handed and unarmed. Opening a secret door the dead body of her brother falls flat on the floor. Poetical justice is then dealt out, and nearly everybody is happy except the comic costermonger, who has to yield Susan to his brother. Miss Willis played the heroine in a very vigorous style, and proved herself quite equal to all the situa tions where emotion or action was needed. She was fairly supported, but there was nothing in the play worth sitting out ou such a Bultry night, and it was a relief when the green curtain fell. The scenery was pretty. On January 27 Miss Marian Willis and her company presented "Leah the Forsaken" to a fair bouse. Adelaide playgoers have had| a recent oppor tunity of witnessing the performance of this production, and will hardly need to be reminded of the plot. Suffice it to say that it is largely religious—more religious, indeed, than "romantic and emotional"—or "celebrated," for the matter of that. The chief personage is constantly dropping on .her knees and imploring the divine pity or vengeance, and texts of Scripture are remarkably numerous. These last are generally received with ap plause from the gallery, which, let us hope, is pleased with the repetition of household words. We cannot but think that Miss Willis would have done much better if she had given us something more cheerful than the style of " plays" which she has affected during her season. We are very much de pressed in this town, but surely that is no reason why we should be called to the theatre, to weep there. Most of us have enough to weep about at home. What with taxation returns and the requests of Bank Managers to reduce overdrafts times are tears-provoking enough without stage in ducements. Even now, at the eleventh hour, if Miss Willis would give us something funny she would do better business and we play goers wonld be happier. Even the stage manager bad pity on us yesterday, for fie rang down the green curtain when only some six acts of agony had been placed before us. Her choice of pieces apart, we must com mend Miss Willis highly. a Last night's was, in many reBpects,asnfficiently heartrending representation of " Leah the Forsaken." The various actors comported themselves—" com ported themselves" is good—with becoming gravity, The Doctor, whose tag " For that's what we doctors are for" became rather tlreeome towards the end, was Bomewhat flippant, bnt the other characters wore long faces, and quoted Scripture in a most irre proachable manner. Miss Kate Leslie was especially "good," and the evil spirit or the party, as personated by Mr. Save Clinton, was Satanic enough to justify his religions zeal. Miss Marian Willis did her best to make everybody unhappy, and the whole company emulated her in this en deavour—in a different way, indeed, but with the amplest success. On Wednesday, February 3rd, Messrs. Fryer & Co. will open their circus in Wake field-street, the permission of the owners of the land and of the City Council having been secured. The entertainment differs from other entertainments of a similar character in that well-trained ponies, dogs, and goatB take the place of horses and men and women performers. The BaUarat Star states that' the feats performed argne a great amount of intelligence and sagacity in the animals, and that the show iB one of the best that has ever visited Ballarat. The number of Adelaide musicians is about to be still further decreased by the loss of MA George Hall, who will leave the colony shortly. As the conductor and leader of the Theatre Royal orchestra, as a member of the Adelaide String Quartet Club, and through out his musical career in this city, Mr. Hall has gained the esteem of many friends, who will regret to hear of his approaching depar ture, Several of his admners propose ar ranging a complimentary benefit concert, to be given probably nest week, as a mark of their appreciation of Mr. Hall's good quali ties, social as well as musical. " * The Hindmarsh Musical Society gave a musical evening in the Institute Hail, on Tuesday, January 26. Misses Moutou, Bruce, and Hav had to respond for their respective solos. Verdi's " Miserere," with Miss Monton and Mr. J. T. Cook as soloists and a subdued invisible chorus, received a storm of ap plause. The like compliment wob paid to a piano solo, " The Dying Poet" (Gottschalck), by the Honorary Pianist of the Society (Mr. L. Conrad, ,iun.). A buffo quartet," Pho Phundo Basso" (Bliss), by Mrs. Bermingham, Miss Bruce, and Messrs. Bishop and Cook, brought down the houBe. The other portions of the programme were taken by Messrs. L. Brice, E. J. Coombe,' Allison, Crayer, and other members of the Society. The applause of the audience was frequent and well merited. Mr. T. J. Bishop conducted, and Mr. John Bastard led an efficient orchestra. The concert was in aid of the funds of the Society, 