ITT AS(M»1:R: or LADY CASTLEMAINE'S DIVORCE. IFtovelfet — . — -0 . : By BERTHA M. CLAY, V » author op " his one mistake," " thrown on xha world." "a struggle for a ring," p 1. "a bitter atonement, etc. . ' CHAPTER XXIV. me little seed. "May I ccuie in V" said Isabel Hyde. . " Yes," Lady Castlemaine hastened to answer. " I was longing for you. You can go, ' Janet," said the youug countess to her maid'. ' There could be no prettier picture than the interior of that dressingroom, with its hundred treasures of art, its luxurious disarray. Lady . Castlemaine, in a dressing-gown of pale-blue silk, embroidered in white flowers, her long, goicen hair lying like a veil over her shoulder?, was one of the loveliest piotures. The ruddy glow of the firelight fell full upon her, and deepened, the delicious tints of her face, her, eyes, her "hair, and her dress. She pointed to a chair. " Sit down, Isabel," she said. "I waS' longing to see you. I have come to this con- . ftlnainn fvi o h fvio rrrnnfaaf. inrivtr nn oflfiili ifl . to have one's hair well brushed after a long night's dancing." - " Brushing., your hair is no light task, it is so abundant," said Isabel, passing her hand caressingly over the shining waves. Carres- , singly; but the thought was that some day that saintly, queenly head would be humbled to' the dust. " I shall not mind it if I fall with her," she Eaid to herself, /'provided only that she falls." And there was ever before her, both by day and by night, a picture of a queenly White Rose fallen into the dust and the mire — with- ered,' faded, and dead. None, of these thoughts were written in her face ; that wsb smiling and bright enough, as she said : "It was not about the luxury of hair- dressing you wanted to see me, Gertrude ?" " Indeed it was not," laughed Lady Caatle- maine. "I wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed my conversation with a great hero. Do you know, Isabel, he seems quite different from other men." "He is different," 'said Miss Hyde, with a ' peculiar smile. " Do you really like him " I do ; very much indeed ; he interests me greatly. Is be married. Isabel ?" " No," replied Miss Hyde. " Such men as Colonel Lennox never marry." " But suroly he loves some one. I cannot imagine a brave knight without a fair Igdy." "There is none in this ease," said Miss Hyde, "or I should have heard of it. If Colonel Lennox were to devote himself to any woman, that woman would be for the time -queen of all fashionable London." " Why do you not enter the lists, Isabel ?" asked Lady Castlemaine. She held the shin ing waves of hair in her hand, and was watching the golden hue. " You would win, j|uire." said Isabel, carelessly.: "but a great admiration - for not the kind of man I MBSHnWior marry." I "HNHSH|niady Castlemaine, thlpugounH|H|H|Bt hero, Isabel. Doiwoo seHHESBhunhia eyes? I sn&flld; like foMH9|lfe&r;≥ ; he wouMJbe sometnnHHGH " Something tcrrible/fl|jH|BM "I should noes like it. really would like to See him talk to him?" "Yes," answered Lady OastlemainPfHH really should." \ " Then will yon take a little advice from me, Gertrude ? You will never xegrji it. You would like to be on friendly terms with Colonel Lennox — to ask him to your balls and parties ?" "I should," replied Lady Castlemaine. " And you will be able to do so. He may even become the tame cat of the house, if you will follow my advice, Gertrude." "Let me hear it first," said Lady Castle maine. < " Say nothing about Mm just at first to Lord Castlemaine "But why not ?" asked' Lady Castlemaine. . ; " Why not, Isabel ?" " - "I will tell yon," she replied. She drew the shining waves of golden hair through her own hands, and there was a strange, pale smile around her lips as she answered ; ' ' I will tell you ; for, with all your quickness and your cleverness, you do not understand the world as well as I do. I will tell you, Gert rude. Although Colonel Lennox is the hero of the day, the great man of the hour — although he is one of the finest Qf Her . Majesty's officers, there are just a few people with whom he is not popular." 1 " They are jealous of him," said Lady Castlemaine. "It may be that," was the diplomatic tfeply. " Colonel Lennox holds Btrong polit- HaLopinions of his own. He urged a certain conduct during the Zulu war which enemies." not just," cried Lady Castle- but few things are iu this world," said Isabel and she thought of add they Dot one word of the real storieB against his character which would have made Lady Castlemaine dislike him' ; not one whisper of that moral turpitude which. would have made him distasteful to her. She did not even hint at the reasons why those who disapproved of his vices passed on the other Bide of the road and held out no hand to him. Ii Lady Castiemaine had even heard one of those terrible stories about him, she would have declined to meet him, and would have known that her hero-worship was wasted. Bui the impreeaion so cleverly conveyed to her was that Colonel Lennox was eccentric or peculiar in his line of politics, and so drew on himself the dislike of those who did not think as he did. The whole world must admire him as a brave soldier, a man of magnificent courage ; ,but all- men did not of necessity admire his politics. "But, Isabel," she said, " although Rudolph takes the greatest interest in polities, he would never be so unfair as to dielike such a man a3 Colonel Lennox on account of his opinions, let them be what they may;" " I do not say that he dislikes him, that is going too far ; I merely say that I have noticed in Lord Castlemaine a shadow of dislike to him, a faint shadow." " I have never even heard him mention his name," cried Lady Castlemaine. " Nor have I," said Isabel. " Iriwas by hiB perfect silence when the colonel's name wa3 mentioned, and the expressive shrug of his shoulders that I know Lord Castlemaine did not like him." " You are quick, and have a keen inBtinct, I know," said Lady Castlemaine ; " but even if it so, why should I care ? I do not like all u1 j-uuu.uj.jJUk d a1acuuo) jjua uj x cxjjcuu aulu cu like all mine." "At last — at lastl" Isabel could hardly withhold the rapturous cry that rose to her lips, Here was the small Eeed sown in good ground— if Bhe could but cherish it, cultivate it — watch it until it grew into a strong plant. But she must be careful — her fingers must not grasp it too tightly, or it would perish — she must net guard it with breadth of flame or it would die." " No," she replied, slowly, " that is quite an exploded idea— indeed, the Castlemaine . idea of matrimony is altogether out of date. Hus band and wife in these days choose their re spective friends and go each in bis or her own way." " I would never choose . a friend whom Rudolph did not like though," said Lady Castlemaine. Ah! little seed you are hardly strong enough to plant at present ! "Of course not," said Isabel, " and this is why I am intruding my advice upon you. If you were to go to Lord Castlemaine now, and say to him, ' I have met Colonel Lennox, and I like bim, I should like him to be invited to the house,' he would, with all the Castle- maiae obstinacy, reply that he did not like him, decline to invite him, and there would at once be civil war. You see that, Ger trude ?" " Yea," she replied, .thoughtfully, " I see it, Isabel." " Whereas, if you are careful and quiet for a short time, you need not have one word on the subject." ' "But what 13 your advice ?" asked Lady Castlemaine. "You have not given it to me yet." Resolute as she was, her lips paled and the hands that held the shining golden hair trembled, as she answered. "I should cultivate a friendship with Colonel Lennox without your husband know- lug ib , iiub iur lung, juas sur a iew. uaya or weeks. Then, when you know him pretty well, and have established your friendship, j your husband will take it as a matter of course, and there will be nothing said." "That seems to. me a weak argument," said Lady Castlemaine. " Still as you are. generally right in what you think, I will be guided by you. But then, Isabel, Rudolph is always out with us.' "Not always. You often drive alon8 in the park ; at afternoon tea Lord Castlemaine is seldom present; he has his olub engage ments ; you go at times to balls without him, and sometimes to the opera." " I did not know that I was so often parted from him," said the young wifo, half sadly. Isabel Hyde had the sense to know that she had said enough. She was wise enough to know that another word would make Lady Ca8tlemaine espouse her husband's cause, and refuse the friendship of a man whom he did not like. She turned the conversation to quite another subject, bufc she knew from the ex pression of thought on the beautiful face that the seed she lad dropped had fallen on good ground. No truer or more faithful wife lived than ,uady Castlemaine ; she had no thought, no interest, no care away from her husband ; she loved him with true and tender love. But there was just a spice of romance here that captivated her fancy — to form a friend ship with this magnificent mr.s who was a great hero. There was a gleam of romance, in it, and she had not the faint idea <of evil or harm. She was to makairieMs with : him first, and tell her kusbfnd afterwards, when she knew him well. > Y Isabel talked to her of the coming masque rade to be held at Raneleigh House, to Nbs given by the Duchess of Raneleigh, and whios was firt hp iihft IpAriinor ffi.i.p. r»f flio aoaarm. \ " Have you decided abont costume yet ? " she asked. " No ; I have not begun to think cf it yet. Should we go as Rebecca and Roweta, Isa bel?" "With only one Ivanboe between us," she replied, laughingly.. " Oh, no'r Gertrude, we most think of something batter than that." She did not fall asleep till morning dawn ; rnin her fancy, all night long, she- was fe&ing; tho growth of the little seed she had CHAPTER XXV. the\growth op the seed. During the next few days, no matter where Lady Castlemaine wc-nt or whom she met, the conversation always turned on Colonel Lennox, his bravery, and his adventures. . The nine- day's wonder had not died out ;' he was still a great hero. No new scandal had been told -of him, and there were some people who believed that rumor had been exaggerated. One. thing was quite certain — any lady whom he admired be came the fashion. He was an authority on the subject of feminine beauty, as on /politiqH and war. j - mk At first people did not notice his/ devotiqH to Lady Castlemaine. At first they met 1«9 rarely. Lord Castlemaine was/ his wiH shadow ; he was still too much m love . wflH her to be happy for one momenji'when ho MB away from bar ; he disliked all/those engB ments that kept him from her'side, but were times when it was qui'te unavoidH It did not strike Lady Castlemaine, eiH how strange it was that whenever she out without her husband t/he colonel waH her side at once. j HH Lord Castlemaine could not go tH Duchess of Baneleigh's 4)all. It was the last minute he found he must go toH mouth to say " good-toy" to an old frieiD was sailing away. Lady Castlemaine' and Isabel went they bad agreed to/ dress so as to their old characters — the White IioseH Red Rose. Lady Castlemaine ally charming. / She wbfe a white embroidered with fino pearls and with sprays of .white roses ; she ' woiH|H rosebuds roiyad the neck of her dreHH lovely whitcirose, the Jdeal of herBelJJRBV in the coils of goiden hair. A general mur mur of admiration followed her entranoe into the crowdedjball-room. The costume of the Red Rose was quite as great a success. The dark, passionate beauty of Isabel Hyde had never showed to such advantage aB in the exquisite dress of pale rose silk, and its elaborate trimmings of deep red roses. She wore a small wreath of damask roees in her hair. Sooiety smiled at seeing its two favourites in their last year's characters. Two more beautiful women never entered a ball-room. Strange to say, although on the Saturday morning, when they met, Colonel Lennox told Lady Castlemaine he Bhould not be at the ball, there he was, advancing to meet her, with a smile on that bold, handsome face of his, before which, if she had been a wiser woman, she would have fled, or died. She was surrounded, as usual, by a little crowd of courtiers; he towered above them all.. He took the jeweled tablets from her hand in his most graceful and courtly fashion. " I mean to' be qplfish to-night," he said ; and Lady Castlemaine saw that he had placed his name against every waitz. She shook her blonde head.gravely at him, and what he thought the familiarity of the graceful gesture intoxicated him. There was a spiee of romance about it all that amused her; it was the old story of Hercules and the distaff, of Cleopatra and Mark Antony, over again. To the feminine mind, there will always be something delight ful in the conquest of strength and bravery. Lady Castlemaine had not the faintest suspicion of evil. She had regretted 'with most bitler regret that her husband had not been able to accompany her ; but there was something of romance in the fact that every time the music of a waltz sounded this splendid colonel immediately sought her. She had no idea of doing anything that was in the least degreo imprudent or unseemly; but he charmed her bo that she forgot everything else, and longed for his conversation again. There was never a wooer so eloquent as he. He told her stories, anecdotes, adventures, som'e full of rollicking fab, some of infinite pathos — all pure as thouoh he had been con versing with an angel. But they interested and amused her ; and when he left, Bhe looked forward with eagerness to their next inter view. Ho danced with her so often this evening, and made himself so consp'cuous by his de votion to her, that Isabel thought it prudent to administer a warniDg. Is would not dn fnr r.transr? or untrained hands to force this seed, whioh she had sown with such care. " Gertrude," Bhe whispered, " I would not dance again with Colonel Lennox." „ «« Yfh y ?" she asked, impatiently. " The reason is obvious," said Miss Hyde. "That was your third waltz, and people are beginning to look at you." " To look at me I" cried Lady Castlemaine. " What for ? Why should they look at me ?" Isabel Hyde shrugged her shoulders. "You know how people talk," she said. " Suppose that to-morrOw some one jests be fore Lord Castlemaine about the number of times you have waltzed with that handsome colonel. You would not like it ?" , "No," she replied,, slowly. "I might not like it, but I do not see that it oould matter much." As it was in this case, so in every other ; no matter where she appeared, there, sooner or later, came Colonel Lennox. " I could almost believe," she said, laugh- ingly, 10 mm one morning, " mat you muau receive a telegram from the birds to say when and where I am going." She did not notice the sudden flush on his face, nor the still more suspicious fact that Isabel Hyde had turned quickly aside, as though she did not care to hear the words. Twice when she was put in the park, once at a garden party, and once at the Zoological Gardens, Bhe had met him when she was with Isabel ; and he had made so much of these occasions that she began to look upon him as an old friend. She had never meant any concealment, any disguise, any deceit; least of all had she thought in any way of keeping secretB from her husband; she had merely carelessly fol lowed Isabel's words — not to speak to her husband just tpr' 'first about it. She was too young and too guileless of heart to think much of it, or to see any evil in it. She was now on quite friendly terms with him. She had met him twice at Lady Cre3- son'a at Ave o'olock tea, and they talked on until Lady Castlemaine had been compelled to drive home quickly, and had a very narrow escape of being late for dinner. She was less on her guard now, and after dinner, during a long conversation which took place on the different stations of men, their different employments and professions, Lady Castlemaine said, suddenly ; " I like soldiers best. If I were a man, I would neither be a lawyer, a doctor, a poli tician, nor anything else, but a soldier." It was curious how strange a silence fol lowed this reknark. Lord Castlemaine looked at his wife. " You have few opportunities of studying the different professions, Gertrude. What makes you say that?" She was conscious in one moment of her own indiscretion, and hastened to oover it. " Soldiers are heroes," she said. Tinrfi flnstlpmainp lantrViprl Yes, they were quite good friends now. They met with smiles, parted with regret thought with pleasure of the next interview. Ori\her side there was nothing but the feeling of great interest, of_quiet amusement, of hero worship. On his, there was the conscious ness that he loved for the firbt time in his life, and with all the desperation of a man's ffrst passion. Verily, the little seed was growing, and would soon be a strong plant 1 < Then he became impatient to see more of her, and that could not be done unless he knew her husband, and could oall at the house. " The Lady of Neath," he called her in his own mind, and he wished that the days of chivalry were back again, that he mfght pro claim himself her knight, fight- for her, die for her. All his past wicked life seemed to rise up in vengeance against him, now that he was earnestly and deep in love. What a wretched past, what shamefal memories, what horrible remembrances 1 " "But she will never know," he said tohim- iSelf . " No one will tell her. In her beautiful fUAihall always be a great hero, and I de- more." Vhe must see her aftener; he could no H bear that a whole twenty- four hours SRHfr pass without one glimpse of her. HSw should like to know Lord Castlemaine," BHftid to her, one day. nothing would be easier," she replied. HpVill you introduce me, Lady Castle- Hpte ? " he asked. . WES Yes ; I will, with pleasure," she replied. nflyFive o'clock tea is quite an institution at jfl&th; House — will you call to-morrow and Ke a cup with us ? " I shall be most\charmed and happy," he Hplied. " It is the desire of my heart to visit Bur house." Again a Blight frown op her face warned Him. "I Have been told," he continued, "that Breath House is one of the finest mansions in Itown, and I admire beautiful houses." I "A strange taste for a soldier," she replied, I laughingly. " I like a eamp better," be cried. But she would not believe him, and play fully called him a carpet knight. They laughed and jested, and were 1 more friendly and more familiar than they had ever beeil before. She was pleased at the idea that he should visit her, pleased that he should wish to know her husband ; but there was no time to speak of it. That evening she went to two different balje, and in the morning she was too tired to re member it. She had been anxious to tell Isa bel!, but in the varied engagements of the day she forgot all about it. v.;-' As events turned out, it die not muoh mat ter, but it is possible that if she had told her husband that morning who was to be her guest in the evening, a tragedy might have been averted. CHAPTER XXVI. 1 — a five o'clock tea, The drawing-room at Neath House was a magnificent room. It ran along the whoie length of the building ; it had six large win dows thBt opened into a balcony, whioh was always filled with fairest flowers, all the flowers that Lady Castlemaine liked best — small clusters of white iilaes, the lovely nar cissus, the white daphne, the white rose; white was to be seen everywhere. It- was a room bright as sunshine, flowers, light, and magnificence could make it. / . The five o'clook tea at Neath Hons was an institution, but Lady Castlemaine was very particular as to who attended. Tho invitees were all her own partioular and intimate friends, and she was much beloved in general . society. She enjoyed social life. To see herself ouiiuuuucu Uj mil j'uuug) guiO) uy vimiij auu piquant matrons, was a pleasure to her. She enjoyed these little reunions. She liked to hear the last aneodotes, the last new novel discussed, the last new fashion commented upon ; the newest engagement, the last fash ionable marriage — all were conned over with many a merry laugh and jest. The ladies wore, such pretty dresses, the colors were so beautiful, the sound of the silvery voices and laughter was so sweet. Lady Castlemaine's teas were famous ; those who had been once longed to go again. On this evening, when Colonel Lennox was to pay his first visit to the house, Lady Castlemaine looked mora lovely than usual. She was thinking a little of him when she cho3e that most exquisite of taa gowns, which was a combination of pale-blue velvet and white satin. It was impossible to tell where one began and the other ended. On her golden hair lay the loveliest little picture of a oap ; her white hands shone with je wels. The little table before her was a poem in itself; the old-fashioned silver service, the Sevres china, delicate and beantiiul as flowers; the fragrant tea, with thick, rich cream fre3h from the country; and Lady Castlemaine, while she dispansed tea with her own fair hands, led the conversation. She was the wittiest, the quickest at repartee in all that brilliant band of beautiful women. Isabel Hyde wore a tea gown elaborately constructed of lawn-colored velvet and rose- pink silk, the soft tints of which made her fac3 look the brighter. There was only one drawback to the perfect happiness of the beautiful mistress of that splendid hou3e as she sat there, and it was that her hu3'oand was absent. All her favo rite friends were present. Miss Hyde, who was still visiting Neath House; the young and most vivacious Countess of Erksdale, who oould talk twioe as much and twice as long as any other lady ; there was the beauti- fal and bright young matron, the Duchess of YYcobwuteri wuu iiau tuu uauuiu uiue eyea ui a child, with a mind full of wit and mischief ; there was the sweet-faced, sentimental Lady Buchanan, who thought nothing more sub stantial than flowers worth discussing ; Lady Eastlake, the leader of the se3thetio school, who almost died of a suoflower and went into ecstaeies over a liiy ; there was the lively and coquettish young Marchioness of Heathers, who made war all round, her eye3, like arrows, pierced the hearts of the men who gazed upon her, and she had nothing what ever to offer them by way of consolation ; there was Miss Grantly, the famous heiress, who never opened her mouth but to utter an epigram ; there was the famous poet, Oswald Clyde, the writer of the last new poem, which had' driven the poetry-loviDg portion of the public mad. Neither wit, wisdom, nor beauty was want ing, and Lady Castlemaine, as she gracefully dispensed- the Sevres cups, seemed to hold all the threads of the conversation in her own hands ; it was she who pointed the sharp arrows of wit ; it was she who oalled forth the thoughts and ideas cf others ; it was she who seemed to bring her visitors more to gether, mind to mind. Isabel looked at her with eye3 of envy. "I should have been just such another hostess," Bhe said to herself, " if these rooms had been mine, as they ought to have been." There was a Blight stir when Colonel Len nox was announced. Most of the ladies knew him well. The Duehess of Westwater admired him, and her blue eyes were never more beautiful than when they were raised with the candor of childhood to his. Lady Eastlake sighed at the mention of his name ; there' was nothing of the aesthetic about him. The Marchioness of Heathers delighted in him; she liked his stories, -his adventures, and not being one of the most scrupulous of womankind, did not dislike him any the more for his charaoter of a gallant man. Uolonel Lennox loosed neither to the right nor to the left ; he went to the beautiful hos tess, found a seat by her side, and asked for a cup of tea from her hands. She gave it to him. He enjoyed the whole situation ; the magni ficent room, with its wealth of fragrant flowers ; the beautiful and witty women, thd clever men ; he enjoyed the conversation, the wit, the repartee. Under cover of a general laugh, raised by the Marchioness of Heathers, Isabel said to Lady Castlemaine : " You did not tell me that Colonel Lennox was coming." " No," waB the frank reply ; " I forgot." Forgot I The word made Isabel shudder. If she had indeed forgotten, evidently her mind was not filled by him. " He wantB to know Rudolph," she con tinued, carelessly, " and I thought this a very pleasant time for an introduction." "There could be none better," replied Isabel. On the table near her lay a spray of white lilac, that some careless lady had let fall from a bouquet ; she raised it and held it to her lipB ; the words she whispered into it were the same as those she had uttered in the church on the wedding-day, and when she raiBed her face again there was a smile on it not good to see. ."This must be a lady's paradise," said Colonel Lennox. " I wonder what the world did before the luxury of tea was diseovered ?" " Pretty mueh the same as it does now," said Lady Heathers. " There must always have been something to drink, something cheerful and enlivening, even for savages." " Have you seen the famous new picture at the Academy, Colonel Lennox?" " I have had so many engagements," he replied, " that I have not had time to see one-half that I want to see." Said Lady Westlake : "The pettiest sight I have seen is the large grove v«f chestnut trees in Richmond Park." \ " I quite agree with you, Lady Westlake," said the poet, v Colonel Lennox turned to his bsaniiful hostess. "My bachelor quarters are so, limited," he' said, "I am most unfortunately prevented from returning the hospitality pressed upon me : but I have had daring, and I believe original, thoughts of giving a dinner at Rich mond, if I could persuade some kind and gracious lady to help me." "You would hove no difficulty in thai," she said ; but he observed that- she was care ful. not to offer her aid. "IE I am fortunate enough to succeed in my efforts," he said. " you will promise to ba the queen of my little festivity ?" At almost any other time she would have answered, "Yes," without a thought, but there oame to her mind a sudden recollection, that until Colonel Lennox had been intro duced to her husband she could not accept any such invitation. " I must have time to think of it," she re plied. " I shall live on the hope of it," he said. " I am sorry Lord Castlemaine is not at home." " He was sent for quite unexpectedly, two hoars ago ; he seldom misses the tea hoar." "I should imagine not, for it is a very happy one," said Colonel Lennox. He wanted, if he possibly could, to get her away from these brilliant people. It was the first time he had been at her house, and he wanted to make a sentimental occasion of it, and she had no notion of the kind. How earnestly he wished these pretty women would put down their teacups and go. Surely there had been tea enough ! For a few minutes he almost hated Lady Heathers, whose viva cious anecdotes kept every one in continued laughter. If tney would but go I It was his first visit - to the house, and he wanted to say a few words to'her. How was it possible? The great poet sat silently watching him, feeliDg sorry m nis nearc 10 see uoionei Lennox on euon friendly terms with beautiful Lady Castle maine. He knew him, knew the truth qf all the stories that were told about him, knew what his reputation really was. " If I had a young and lovely wife like that," he said to himself, " Colonel Lennox would find no place in my drawing-room." But then he was a poet, and poets take strange views of things. Then, to the colonel's great relief, Lady Heathers rose, one or two others followed her example, and a small laughing group made for the door. The poet remained ; he had seen the impatience on that bold, handsome face, and he understood. " This is one of his old tricks," he said to himself ; " he wants to talk to Lady Castle maine, and he wishes we will all go away. I, for one, Bhall not oblige him." The colonel staid and the poet Btaid, until Isabel Hyde, with her usual quickness, guessed ""0 the situation and came to the rescue. She went up to him : 'I Have you seen Lady Castlemaine's por trait? " she asked. " Millais only finished it ' last week." No, he had not se6n it, but, should, of eonrse,i be delighted ; and Miss Hyde led him to the library, where the picture hung. . The colonel blessed her in his heart ; then he turned quickly tq-his beautiful hostess. " I am so glad to have a chance of saying one word to you," he said, hurriedly. " I thought they would never go." " I did not want them to go," she said, coldly " I did," he cried. " I wanted to tell you what an infinite pleasure this, my first visit to . you, gives me." She laughed dproud, careless laugh that cut him like a knife. ' . "I do not see," she said, " why you wish my friends gone, in order that you might make a simple speech like that." m lriwn me o /1 z m r. i«i q 11 uaq oumcvuajg bU xeuicuiuu 111 tJj I he asked. " Give me the rose you have worn all the afternoon." She looked at it, then at him. " I think not," she replied ; " the giving of a flower meanB much or little ; in the first case I should not give it, in the second it would not be worth having." Later on in the evening, Isabel Hyde stood by htr dressing-room fire ; she slowly pulled out the leaves of a white rose and watched them shrivel and burn in the flame. CHAPTER XXVII. 11 lady denham's masquerade." In fashionable life one gayety succeeds another so quickly that there is hardly time for any entertainment, however splen did, to make muoh impression; but Lady Danham's masquerade was quite another affair. It was to. be held at >Denham House, and wa3 the fete of the season ; the memory of it was to, live in the mind of man. .Denham House was well suited for an enter tainment of this kind ; the suite of roomB that opened into the ball-room was magnificent ; the ball-room itself opened into a large and lofty conservatory, that led again into an exquisite little fernery, a rare thing to find even in a Hyde Park mansion ; at the end of this fernery were two huge glass doors that opened on to the lawn ; they were all on a perfectly straight line, so that it was pleasant to stand in the ball-room and watch the orescent moon rise in the sky. Most people „ . a Question of Proprietorship. . m,,-"1/! . Wentworth. " Tom this is — a — ah — gen- iieman who claims to be the original possessor Df this skeleton." " Ah — dispute as to ownership, eh ?" " That tendencv." answered Wentworth. " He is, in fact, a— well, a ghost." " A what ?" _ ' The gentleman has been dead for some time," put in Smilie, the task of explaining having seemingly got beyond Wentworth. " And while alive this was his skeleton." " Oh, come now, Smilie, what are you giv ing us." " Fact," said Smilie, " just tossed this ruler through him. Try it." Fulmer hesitated. " It will perhaps convinoe youquicker than anything else, and don't inconvenience me in the least," said the apparition. Fulmer tossed the ruler, with the same result as before. He was very short-sighted and he adjusted his eyeglasses and peered across the table at the ghost, who stood impassively as he had done from the first. " I Bay, Wentworth, just strike a light will you." Wentworth lit the large lamp that stood on top of the bureau. The ghost appeared an ordinary-looking man, dressed as any man might - £>3. Falmer, with corrugated brow, gazed at him while Smilie and Wentworth felt a sort of momentary pride of ownership, as if their possession of the skeleton gave them a kind of proprietorship in the spectre. The amiable skeleton, which how shone white in the bright light, seemed to beam in a benevolent way on its former owner. " Sit down," said Fulmer, " I hate to talk to a — person — standing." The spsctre sat down. " Now, what use is this skeleton to you? " began the young lawyer, his professional in stinct getting the better of his amazement. \- " That, if you will pardon me, is no one's business but my own. I may say I want it placed where I will know where to find it— or I may say that I don't choose to have it re main here, the Bubject of socfifing and con tumely. " Oh, you're wrong there," eid Wentworth. " We both have the greatest respect for John W. He is a guide, philosopher, and friend — as well as inst-rnctor." " Just let me handle this case," said -/Fal mer with a backward wave of his hand. Now, what shall I oall you ?" ' " What you please," ' "Well, we will say the plaintiff. Now, plaintiff, in the first place you would have to prove to the satisfaction of a jury that this is your skeleton. We deny hat it is youra."| "Of course we db,1' ptit in Smilie. We bought the body and John wired it." " I don't mean that. The defence takes the ground that , this partioular skeleton is not the bones of the plaintiff, hat the bones of John W. Stodgers, deceased. Now it would rest with you to prove that thiB was your skeleton, ana as people are not in the habit of having a private mark on their skeletons, I flatter myself we would have yon right at the beginning of the case." "Yon are a very young lawyer," replied the ghost with a sort of a post mortem sneer. " If you examine the teeth of that skeleton you will find the one on the left lower side next the back filled with silver, and, if neces sary, I oan tell your intelligent jury the sort of eap thatjs under the silver to oover the nerve that onee was there." All the young men looked at J. W.r who, as if enjoying the point made by its other self, suddenly clieked down its jaw and beamed on Fulmar with its silent laugh. Wentworth took np the lamp and looked at the lower jaw. " Yes, Fulmer," he said, " that's so." " Well, we'll waive that point — we'll waive that point," said the . young lawyer, with ill- affected airiness. " I think you might as well," said the ghost dryly. ' , ' " But the real nub of the ease wonld be in this : Can a man once dead lay claim to any part of the property he owned while alive ? I don't recollect any parallel case to yours ex actly, but I have some knowledge of the statutes of Michigan," this modestly, and I think all the tendencies of law wonld be against you. When a man is dead there iB uu ijutlsblull uuu bubb luo lloab u1 iuu u£»vo iiuo right to cremate, to embalm or to bury his body. They might sell it, I imagine, although that is rarely, done in flrst-olass society. Now the point I wonld make before a jury would be » " I have no wish to disouss law with you. I have demanded the skeleton and I propose to have it whether you are willing or not." " Jnat write that down, boys," Baid Fulmer. " He hints at burglary." " See here," said Wentworth, " yon are not the man we dissected. I believe yon're a fraud." " Do you ?" returned the ghoBt. " I'll eon- vinae you in order to save myself farther trouble. I can take any one's form. For instance, that of a rising lawyer." And with that the figure before them was an exact counterpart of yonng Falmer. The next instant the ghost was himself again. " By jove," said Smilie, " what a splendid lightning change artist he would make." " Say," said Falmer, " what would yon take for a night at the big hall? Yon conld per sonate the head of the University and sing, ' I want to be an Angel ' with splendid effect." . x "I am in no, mood for ohaff," said the specter, severely. "Finally, will you give up my skeleton ?" " Let him have his old bones," said Smilie. "I certainly will not," cried Wffatworth. " Why, Smilie, I had to drill -150 holes in that skeleton.- No, sir I J. W. Stodgers remains here." " Remains is good," said Fulmer. " Well, Mr. Wentworth, when you get tired of the fight just give that skeleton a decent burial." With that the ghost was gone. "So long," cried Smilie. "What are you going to do, Wentworth ? It's yon and the ghost, it seems." " Do ? Why, keep J. W., of course." Next day there was an astounding charge against Wentworth. A passenger coming np from Detroit by the early train had been met on the road from the station by a student exactly answering Wentworth's description, who demanded money at the point of a pistol, and the passenger would have undoubtedly ' been robbed if two others ooming along had not frightened the culprit, who esoaped. Nothing but Smille's solemn oath that Went worth was asleep at the time — itwas Saturday morning, saved Wentworth. On Sunday all Arte Arbor was scandalised as it oame from church by seeing Wentworth staggering along the street in a state of beastly intoxication. The professors hauled him over the coals, and it was in vain that he protested he had spent the day worthily, trying to catoh fish np the river. He went home mad and, as J. W. grinned at him as he came in, he seized the ruler and smashed ia the trap door jaw. The rnler did not pass through the bony part of J. W., as it did through its spectral counterpart. Next day Wentworth was too ill to attend class. Smilie left him and wended his way to college. He had just taken his seat while the Professor was jotting down names prepara tory to a " quiz" when an unearthly yell at tracted all eyes to the top tier of seats that descended one by one down to the operating table. There stood Wentworth on the baok . of the highest seat. " One, two, three, look out for me," he shouted, and with that he ran swiftly down the backs of the seats, jumping over the stu dents' heads, hopping lightly on the " subjeot" that lay covered up on the revolving plank, then sprang among the/ lady students who, scattered screaming, and thenoe np to the top . of the opposite tier. "Now for a jump across the arena. Never attempted by anyone outside of thiB circus." "Catch him," shouted somebody. "He's insane." i At that Wentworth made for the narrow stairway, Smilie and another after him. He beat them easily across tne campus ana ent ered the door of . his boarding place. When the two students burnt into the room they found Wentworth sitting doefully look ing at the damaged front of Stodgers, and he swore he had not been out that morning. Next day he got notice of dismissal from the University. As he sat by his window stubbornly refus ing to be conquered by a ghost, and yet aware that perhaps Bome people would not believe the whole story if he told it, he saw his doable on the opposite side of the street. " By George 1" he cried, I'll have it out with him. If they see us both there they'll believe my story. He seized the ruler and started out. The ghost looked behind him, and then itHoo had a ruler in its hand. Nearing the postoffice the ghost came suddenly up to a group, of men, hit out right and left with the club, struok a policeman across the face, and fled towards Wentworth. The crowd pursued. Ab it came to Wentworth it vanished into thin air, and, the next instant Wentworth was in the hands of the outraged constable. From the lockup the dejected young man. wrote to Simlie : For my sake, buy a cemetry lot and bury John W. Stodgers, charging the cost to me. Yours. wentworth. That ended the fight. Wentworth, I regrei to say, is not the first student who canm to grief by letting spirits get the better of bim. 1 