The Weird Bird of tiie South Atlaatic. As the craft- bowls along in the South Atlantic a new world seems to open on the voyager. The constellation of the Southern Gross has scarcely become familiar to hun before he begins to see animal, or rather bird, life altogether new to him. One of the greatest novelties of this kind that can ever impress itself on. the mind pf man is the albatross. Some morning- the lounger will reach the deck and, casting his .eye in the wake of the Ship to judge her speed,'will see a* speck just above the horizon -far astern. Growing larger and larger as it approaches, it finally developes into a gigantic bird, And the old sailor, conning the helm, will gruffly suggest the fact that it is proper for $he tyro ' to wet his first introduction ~to an albatross. There is something inexpressibly welrdTSbout the bird itself, as • well as in its manner of flight, and it is a matter of lHtle wondsr to those who have seen it that a brain such as Coleridge's should have hit upon it for the text of his Lady of the Andent; Mariner. . Without a beat of wing, without, motion of the'body, the bird will, by long, easy-going , tacks, swoop up from astern until it gets within easy watching distance from the ship it chooses to follow. It will then " lay to"'at that respectful distance, and, after taking thorough stock of the stranger that has invaded its domain, will, with no apparent effort, swoop paBt the ship to port or starboard, as the case may be, pass, it by several cable lengths, and then,, laying to on the opposite hand to its advance, allow the ship to pass it, and will then opee more, take tip 1 its post as rear guard to the procession. - Nothing can be more ghost-like than the r action of the albatross in thus passing or being passed. No stroke of the wing occurs, and all the motion apparent, except that of - the almost uninteligible cleaving of the air, is the half turn of the bird's head toward the ship, made as if to see what manner of beast this was that had come to bother itr Though sailors are over prone to superstition, they seem not to be very particular as to the sacrednesii of the albatross, and will always assist in a capture, in spite of the curse Coleridge associates with its killing. THE lords and ladies,of the King of Dahomey's court don't wear stockings; therefore it would be useless for Queen Victoria to confer the garter upon any of them. They would beapto use it for a dog collar if she did.—Norr. Herald. STATELY old dame (housekeeper), during absence of the family, showing the bed Queen Elizabeth slept in. " VISISOB : Is it bona fide ? DAME (bridlinq): No, sir: Hinglish hoafr. SHAKESPEARE remarks that 11 the good mendo is oft interred with their bones." That may have been the rule in Shakespeare's time, but the rule nowadays is to print it in the newspapers and carve it in big letters on the gravestone.—Puck. MISTEESS (to applicant)—Yes, I wa^t a nice French maid. The last one I had lonly kept a short time, because she couldn't understand English. French Maid—Ye'llhave no thrubble of that kind wid me, mum, Oi not only understand English, but I epake it, too.—New York Sun. Most women value a clear complexion, if attainable. Helen of Troy is said to have bathed daily in wine and milk to preserve the purity of her silky skin. Cleopatra used various medicated ointments and fragrant cosmetics to enhance her charms. The bewitching Catherine of Bussia habitually washed in strawberry juice; while strange and grim tales are told about the preparation of the mysterious baths Ninon L'Enclos is .supposed to have indulged in. Our fair sex are less luxurious in these days, and we find that ladies who value a transparent white skin, a delicate complexion, in which the tint of the rose is softly blended with the snowy hue of the lily, are now being advised by an eminent authority on the art of keeping beautiful forever, to frequently 'apply the end of a raw potato to the face and neck by gentle rubbing. After rubbing, the face and neck should be washed, and gentle friction ia to follow. Ladies are strongly urged to always keep a raw potato on the waBhstand. One great advantage the. potato seems to possess over many other skin beautifiers seems to be its exceeding cheapness, as one potato can be used over and over and-over again, gince it is only necessary to Remove a little of the outer surface and to pare off a thin slice before applying the freshly cut surface. A GOOD story is told of a prominent member of society who has a habit of tying a knot in her pocket handkerchief when she wishes to fix anything in her mind which must be attended to. She was engaged in a desperate flirtation on a certain occasion, and in her abstraction dropped her handkerchief on the floor. This was noticed by her hostess, who endeavoured to break up the flirtation by, inviting her guest into another part of the house As the latter rose from her chair she stooped and picked up her handkerchief, noticing, as she did so, the knot tied in one corner. " What have I forgotten to-day ? " she asked audibly. That you have a husband," replied the hostess. ^ The story was repeated, and the lady, who is a well-known member of the diplomatic circic, always keeps her handkerchief free from knots now. 