[?] (chambbrs's journal ) In Three Chapters. — Chapter II. Con tinued. I found myself In a large and elegantly- furnished room, lighted by a lamp on tbe centre table, and by candles in the girandoles over the chimney-piece. A wood Sre burned cheerfully in the grate. Standing with his back to it. an i watching my look of amaze ment with aii amuBfd, cynical smile, was M. Legros, We were alone. ' I hope you feel none the worse for your little journey,' he said. ' We will bare a longer one to take presently, eo I think the beet thing we can do is to make due prepara tion for it.' Another journey !' I stammered. ' Where to this time?' That you will learn when the proper time arrives,' he answered, dryly. And Karavich — will he accompany us V I asked. 'Ah, bah! why trouble yourself about Karavioh?' he demanded, with a contraction of his brows. He is nothing to yoa nor you to him.' Then a moment later he added, almost as if speaking to himself : But yes ; ee cher Karavioh will accompany ns, certainly. We cannot afford to leave him behind.' A A 1.1 4.— .. _ _ _ A ttrilll A at idib juuoturc » eervaii appcMov » n«u a tray containing a cold chicken, together with other comestibles. This was supplemented by a sec<gj3l tray, on whioh were coffee, wines, ancFliqueurs. ' Come,' said Legros, with a smile, as he sat down on a chair whioh the man had plaoed for him, ' let us make ourselves what you English call jolly.' ' Jolly !' I ejaculated, with a miserable attempt at a laugh. ' I'm likely to feel jolly under such circumstances as these !' Why not V he demanded blandly. 'Ah, mon enfant , when you have lived aa long as I have, you will have learnt that tbe truest philosophy is to enjoy the present while you oan, and leave the future to take care of itself. Sit, and let me assist you to a wing of this fowl; or what Bay you to this mayonnaise ? It looks as if it might tempt an anchorite.' ' I am not hungry ; I oannot eat.' ' Foolish bo; I Remember you have a long oold journey before you. Try, at least, a couple of these oaviare sandwiches.' I shook my head. 4 I will take a cup of ooffee, nothing more.' M. Legros palled the ends of his moustache, but made no further attempt to persuade me ; so, while I sat and sipped my ooffee, he went on with his supper — if snpper it oould be called. He was a quick eater, and in a few minutes be rose and pushed back his chair. After the servant left the room, except for the opening or shutting of a distant door once or twice, no sounds from without were audible. I neither heard nor saw anything either of Karavioh or the others. But ecaroeiy had M. Legros risen from the table wben once more we heard the noise of wheels — the noise as of some heavy vehicle, which, after being driven slowly up to the house, came to a halt. In the hush which followed, one eould hear the pawing of the horses on the gravel and the champing of their bits. I noticed that my companion was listening as intently ss I was. I must ask you to remain here till I rejoin you,' he said presently. ' I shall not be more than a few minutes away ;' and with that be smiled, nodded, and left the room. I had plenty of food for thought daring his absence ; but those readers who have followed me thus far will scarcely need to be enlightened as to the tenor of my reflections. Scant time was, however, afforded me for perplexed broodings. Presently, a distant door seemed to open, and then came tbe half-hushed sound of the footsteps of several people advanoing along the corridor into whioh the door of my room opened, then passing tbe door itself, and then being gradually lost in the distance. The men, whoever they might be, walked slowly and carefully, and as though tbey were carrying gome heavy burden. A few moments later, I could distinguish the voioes of several people talking in low tones outside the houee. My curiosity overmastered my prudence. Tbe room had two windows, both of them having Venetian blinds, now < olosely shut, and, in addition, long heavy curtains that reached the ground. Grossing quickly to one of the windows, I stepped behind the curtain, and then cautiously raising one of the laths of the blind a little way, I peered through the crevioe. The sight whioh met my eyes was one that might well make the blood of a braver man than I profess to be run oold. The fog had cleared away, and by the aid of the starlight I oould just make out what seemed to me the out lines of a hearse, with a pair of horses, standing a few yards away in the oourtyard or space of gronnd whioh fronted the house. While I was still staring at this grim appari tion, a couple of men, carrying lanterns, appeared on the scene ; then I saw dearly that the object I had been gazing at was indeed a hearse, but denuded of its plumes. Bat scarcely had I time to note this, when a procession of some baif- dezen men appeared, walking two and two, and carrying on their shoulders something long, blaok, and heavy. For one moment I was puzzled, and then the dread certainty flashed upon me that the burden they bent under was a ooffin, hut not an empty one. When they came within the dim circle of light given out by the lanterns, it became plainly visible. I oould bear no more. I let the blind drop, and turned away with a cold sick dread at heart, such as I bad never felt before. Had a murder just been perpetrated nnder that silent roof, and if so ? A dozen ghastly questions surged through my brain, not one of whioh I w#s able to answer. A few minutes later I heard, through my hall-dszed senses, the hearse move away a little distance, and a second vehicle drive up and take its place. Then in came M. Legros in his overcoat and hat. ' All is in readiness for the second stage of our journey,' he said, as he robbed his chilled hands for a few moments over the fire. I did not answer him. He looked sharply at me, and, as he did so, a cold, dangerous glitter came into bis eyes. His gaze travelled to the window, and then back to my faoe, and then he muttered something under bis breath that sounded like a malediction. He i was still bending over the grate ; but, when faexthis inBt mine/all trace ofjjunoqncq„ wnqmr"'; - : r. 1 You lob k as white, my f nehd, as -f y on had just seen a ghost,' be remarked, with that inscrutable smile of bis. ' You have gone too long without food. However, there's no time now. Here, drink this,' he added ; and with that he crossed to the table and poured cut a small glass of some srrt of liquor. I took it ard mechanically drank is. Then Legros handed me tbe fur- lined cloak and my bat, and then be said : ' Once mere, and I hope for the last time.' With tbat be produced the silk muffler an l be.ndeged my eyes ; thru, taking me by the hand, be led me from the room. Chapter III. Five. minute? later, when my eyes were uubandaged, I found myself being driven along a road which was apparently in the extreme snburbs of London, the houses that we passed were bo scattered and far apart. Legros was by my side, "and two otber men were eitting opposite us ; but the windows of the conveyance were drawn up, and although the night was now perfectly clear, only the vaguest outlines were discernible of anything outside, except for a moment now and again when we oame within the faint circle of light radiated from an occasional street-lamp. Suddenly my heart gave a great throb, for by the momentary gleam of a lamp I saw that tha nnnnangnna in nrhiflh T W9R trAVpllinO' vuu VWMTWJtVHVV IH » was a moarnirg-coaoh — a ooaoh draped in blaok, and such as is never made use of except for following tbe dead. Could it be possible that the hearse with its dread burden was in front of us, and that we were follow ing it to some bourn to me unknown ? I sank back in my corner, and asked myself whether it was really true that I, who had left my far-off oountry home scarcely twenty four hours ago, oould thus suddenly, and Without any action of my own, have become a participant in some dire. tragedy, of whioh as yet I knew either the beginning nor the end. I was but a boy, just recovering from a long illness, and if a few team welled from my eyes in tbe darkness, it is perhaps hardly to be wondered at. But it was of Karavioh I was thinking more than of myself. There was little doubt left in my mind that the poor cafetier had come to some foul and sadden end. But who and what was he, and what was the nature of his orime ? Who were these men, who had constituted themselveB at once his judges and his executioners, and to what place was the body of the murdered man being conveyed eo mysteriously in the dead of night? Yain questions one and all. A sense sat heavily upon me of being in the power of an inex orable Destiny, who was leading me onward whether I willed it or no, by paths to me unknown, towards a goal I was unable to foresee. Soon the last lamp was left behind, and we plunged forward into the blacker darkness of the country ; and now our pace was increased, (be horses breaking ino a long swing tret, whioh gradually became wearisome from its absolute monotomy. As on cur first journey, not a word was spoken by any one. By-and- bye, from sheer fatigue I suppose, perbaps aided in part by the liquor given me by Legros, I fell into a sort of troubled sleep, in which the real and imaginary were strangely blended. H w long this state of semi consciousness lasted, and how many miles we travelled daring the time, I had no means cf judging. The abrupt stoppage of tbe ooaoh, and the cessation of the monotonous grindicg of the wheels, brought me back with a start to the realities of my position. Legros let down one of the windows. Day was just breaking. A dim misty light pervaded the atmosphere, through which as yet nothing was olearly visible. M. v Legros and one of the others alighted and went forward, leaving me and the other man inside. Are wnear tbe end cf our journey ?' I said to the silent figure sitting opposite me He started, stared at me for a moment, and then made some unintelligible reply. Presently the coach moved forward a little way, and then baited again. Then M. Legros came up, and, standing on ths carriage step spoke to me through the window 'Another stage of our journey is at an end,' he said. ' We have one more stage to travel together before we separate. You will now p ease to alight ; but before doing this, I must ask you to give me your promise that neither by word nor gesture will yon endeavour to attract tbe attention or reuse the suspicions c ? any rangers, not of our party, whom you may presently see. As I have already told you, you have only to obey my instructions implicitly, and no harm shall befall you. Have I your word, monsieur?' There was a stern, questioning iook in nis eyes as ne nnisned speaking. ' I am belplesB and in your power ; I oan only do as you wish.' 'Itie weP,' he said, as he stepped dowa and opened the carriage door. I was glad enough to tret out and be able to stretch my cramped limbs. The other man followed, and during the next few minutes he and M. Legros kept close to me, one walking on either side of me. My first glance round showed me that we had alighted some twenty or thirty yards from a broad, sluggish flowing riv6r, whioh I at once said to myself oould be none other than the Thames. A thin white mist lay on the water, through whioh only the faintest outlines of the opposite shore were discernible. In mid-Btream, a small steamer lay moored, from the funnel of which a thin black pennon of smoke was lazily trailing. We had alighted at a kind of wharf, roughly paved and shut In by some half-dilapidated buildings, which looked unspeakably forlorn and desolate in tbe light of early morning. Some half-score men, dressed in guernseys and high boots, were lounging about, their hands buried deep in their pockets, looking on, with a stolidity whioh it seemed as If nothing oould rouse into animation, at the proceed ings of the party cf which I formed one, whioh were eo&duoted; without the slightest pretenoe at seoreov, A little w&v; in the background stood the plnmelees hearse with its two blaok horses. We three men, I it, the middle, walked down to the edge of the wharf. The tide was low, and it was not till we were close to the water that I perceived a couple of boats which seemed to be waiting our arrival. The first looked like an ordinary ship's boat in it were seated SUjae hatr dozen men resting on their oars, with a cockswain in the stern. The second boat was a broad old- fashioned tub ; but I oonid not repress a shudder when I sw tbe coffin which had been brought down in the hearse laid a'oug its bottom. Two raeu were in ho»tt one seated at tbe head, and the other at the foot, of the ooflin. There was harety time to note all this before, incompliance with a whispered word from Legros, who still keot by my tide, I descended four cr five slimy tide-washed steps, and stepped into the first boat, fal lowed closely by my companions. As coon as we had seated ourselves, a signal was given, tbe men dipped their oars, an3 a moment later the ragged wharf and its staring denizens were left behind. And now it was I first became aware that we had the other boat with its awful freight in tow. It glided after us through tbe morning mist, as though the secret it held was one from which we might never more eeoape. Our boat headed in a straight line from the wharf. I had undergone so many sur prises during the last few hours that it was odIv one more added to tbe number to find that our destination was the steamer whioh was anchored out in mid-stream. Five minutes later I found myself on board, and, at the invitation of Legros, I at once fol lowed him below. He conduoted me into a hsndPome'y fitted-up saloon, and then left me. It oould not have been more tban a few minutes after this when the engine gave its first palpitating throb, and the third stage of my strange journey had begun. Whither were we bound ? What would be the duration of our voyage? And what possible object could my captors have in taking me so far away from home ? These were questions that put themselves to mo again and again ; and then I thought of the fate of poor Ktrsvicb, aod my heart as I did so grew Lint wiffcio me. It was all an unfathomable myBtery, and the more I slrove to find S'.-me ray cf light to guide me through the raszc?, tha more bewildered I baoai.e In order to relieve in some measure tbe burden of my thought?, I began to peer through the port holes of tbe cabin, one after another ; bus there was little to be seen to gratify my curiosity. A dim lice of deBolate flats on tbe r ae band ; on the other, an equally dreary expanse of far-reaching shore, with here and there a few scattered buildings, from some of which sprung huge chimneys, which were already belching forth black volumes of smoke to the morning air. It had begun to rain by this time ; but there seemed to be sctroely the faintest breath rf wind. The quick, ecft pulsing cf the engines told me that we were now making rapid progress through the water. I had b&en; about half-an-hour alone wben I was rejoined by Legros. He was all smiles and amiability. He gave me the Impression of a man from whose mind some burden which had pressed heavily on it had been suddenly lifted. There was no longer that strained intense loos in his eyes — to at air of watchful suspicion whioh bad been so notice able in him earlier on had altogether vanished. He was, if possible, more of an enigma to me under this new aspect tban he had been before. ' Your eyes have a drowsy look in them, my friend,' he said, pleasantly. ' First of all, yco must partake of some breakfast, and after thai you shall eleep — sleep- —sleep for the next donen hours, if it so please you. This lit le appartement ie Bet aside for your eervice so long as you favour us with your company.' As he spoke, he opened one of a row of three or four doors, and disclosed a tiny sleeping berth, fitted np, and in every respect ready for ooenpation, which looked infinitely tempting to my tired eyes. I took advantage of the opportunity to perform some needful ablutions. When I reentered the saloon breakfast was on the table. A minute later, Legros and I were joined by two men whom I had not seen before, together with one of tbe men who had accompanied us inside the c&rri;&ge.; The two strangers weie in some kind of undress uniform. Legros smiiiDgly Introduced one to them as a young English" friend of his who had taken a fancy to a oompany them a little way on their voyage. They replied by a few polite words in English; In whioh they expressed a hope that my voyage would prove a pleasant one ; hot, polite though their words might be! I thought I detected ufider them a hidden ring of sar casm After this, the conversation became general, except as far as I was concerned, it being conducted in the same unknown language as before. When I sat down at table, I seemed to have no appetite, but it came with D e occasion. Ami infinifn fliA ilnnkta «uu which oesec me, I made a hearty meal. When the others rose, I retired to my berth, and in less than ten minutes was sound asleep, It was on the point of three o'olock when I awoke. On gazing out through the port-hole, nothing oould be seen but a slowly heaving expanse of waters, throngh whioh we were quickly cleaving our way. A dreary drizzle of rain was still falling. On entering the ssloon, I found M. Legros lounging on the ooaoh over a novel and a oigarette. 'Ah, ha! you look better, much better,' he said with a nod and a smile. I advise you to do n8- I'8 the only thing on a day like this. Here are cigarettes, and on that fihelf you will find some h&M-hnodcrod; novels in half a dozen languages. Yon oan, of course, go on deck if you wish to do so, and prefer a wet coat to a dry one ' 'Thank you,' I said. «I will try what it s like on deck— at least, for a while. The fresh air will do me good.' Of a truth, there was not much to keep any one long on deck. A man at the wheel, an officer on the bridge, and two seamen forward, all in oilskins, were the only living beings visible. After lighting a oigar, I found I sheltered nook under the lee of one of tha boats. As far as my defective geographical knowledge allowed me to jndge, we were now somewhere about tbe mouth of the Thames, and heeding towards the North Sea, On our left, mile after mile of low- lying desolate shore was dimly visible through the thin drizzle of rain. This, I concluded, must ha some portion of the Eseex coast. On our right, the grey, heaving waters stretched out into infinitude. Already the dull November afternoon was darkening to its dose. From minute to minute my apirita within me neme& to be linking deeper the gloom and duolstion ot the gteal watte ol water, meted but a reflex oltha gloom and dieqaietoje ol my own thoughts. Iu a little while I flung away the end ol my eigar «"» w«? h®0- M. Legroa was no looier there ; I had the saloon to myself. It was necessary to pass the time somehow, so afier making ohoioe of a book, I stretched myself on a sofa and m&jle; a resolute attempt to read. It was a vain effort. K&ravioh;'s melancholy deep set eyes and white face blotted oat the printed words. After a time, the steward appeared and began bis preparations for dinner. He was a Baudy-haired, foxy-faced man, with a retreat- iug chin and prominent teeth. I went on pretending to read, and taking bat little or no notice of him, when I was startled by a low warning Hist !' and, on glancing up, I saw that the man was regarding me with a strangely earnest look. When he perceived that he had attracted my attention, he held up a finger as if in warning, and then said, iu a whisper that was a strange jumble of broken English interlarded with French, ' Do not appear to notice me, monsieur, nor speak to me aloud, for the love of Heaven I j. tiareu at mm in astonishment, but so far obeyed his abjuration as to remain silent. Monsieur is an Englishman,' he began again presently, but still in a whisper so low tuat only with difficulty could I make out what he said ; ' and his kind heart will sot allow him to refuse to do a small service for one who is in great extremity. Is it sot so ?' Before I oas promise, I must know what the service is that you want me to do,' I whispered back. 1 It is only to post a certain letter after monsieur's arrival in London.' I could not repress a start. 'Bat how soon am I likely to be baok in London ?' I asked, with au eagerncts I could uofc conceal. ' If all goes well, in less than twenty-four hours from now.' Here, indeed, was joyfal tidings ; but I suppose 1 mast have looked somewhat incredulous, for a moment later the man added : 1 Monsieur will find that what I tell him is the truth.' 1 In that oaee, of course, I shall be quite willing to pari any letter you may intrust to my o&re.;' 1 Oh, monsieur, thanks — a thousand thanks !' replied the man, in a tone the sincerity of which I could not doubt. ' If Monsieur Karavioh could do so, he would thank monsieur iu person, beo&uee; it is be who is the writer of the letter.' ' Monsieur Karavioh !' I exclaimed aloud. I thought that ' The clatter of a dozen kniveB on the table drowned tnv voice. The steward had turned as white as a sheet. ' For the love of Heaven, monsieur, do not speak above a whisper, ' he said after a pause and a frightened look round. What I am doing now is at the risk of my life — but that matters little. No ; Monsieur Karavioh is not dead. To avoid any dangerous questions being asked, he was brought down here as if he were a dead man, in a coffin made for the purpose. Oh, but it was cunningly contrived ! Of all Monsieur Karavich's friends, no one knew ; there was not one to warn him.' Befoie I oculd say anything further, he had left the oabin, but he was baok again in the course oi two or three minutes. Here ie the letter, monsieur,' he said, still in a whisper. The thanks of ten. of twenty, of fifty thousand brave hearts would; be yours if they knew the service you have promised to do. In lesB than fifty hours, it will be known in every oapital in Europe that Fedor Karavioh is a prisoner.' I took the letter, and put it away in an inner pocket of my vest. No eyes bat mfne shell see the letter. I will post it with my own bands as eoon as I reach Loudon But tell me — who and what is Monsieur Karavioh ?' ' One of the gueateet and noblest of men, and a true patriot, if ever tbere was one. Monsieur Karavoh is not bis real name ; be has twenty different names for different occasions. By birth he b donga to one oi the noblest families iu his native land ; but his heart, his life, his fortune, have beeu given to the poor and oppressed. Hie real name is a name of terror wherever tyranny hideB and tremble.' And what will be bis fate, now that his enemies have got him in their clutches ?' Who can tell ? It is not the first time the Bear has had him in its grip. He passed ten yeais in Siberia when little more than a boy. Probablemetii, he will disappear — vanish utterly, and be heard of never again.' 1 Is there ne way of helping him ? Are tbere no means of rescuing him V The man spread his hand with a gesture eloquent of despair. There is no hope — none,' he answered, with a half-sob in his voice. There was silenos for a few moments, then I noticed his strange face lighten, and, coming close to me, he said, in a lower whisper than before : 1 And yet, monsieur, who can tell ? Fedor Karavioh has frieuds where none would expect to find them— friends secret, bat devoted to the cause, even amongst the highest of the high. All that gold can do, all that powerful influence unseen and working in the dark oan do for him wiil be done ; but, after all' He finished with & despondent shake of tbe head. The cause, as you call it, seems to have its emissaries everywhere,' I remarked. 1 Even you yourself' I paused. If an apparition bad suddenly stood- before the man hn n.nnifi ecarcelv have looked more scared. He gave a great gasp, but did not speak. A moment later, we heard the sound of footsteps. As M. Legrc-s entered by one door, the steward disappeared through another. I became at onoe immersed in my novel. . The same party sat down to dinner tna« bad met at breakfast. Each of them addressed a few words to me in English, and tieated me with the utmost courtesy ; but, as befoie, the chief part of the conversation was kept up in a language cf which I knew nothing. When dinner was over, cigarettes and cards were introduced, and I wae invitee by M. Legros so form cnc iu a rubber or whist. This, however, I declined to do, and back to my. book instead. And so a couple of hours Bped quietly away. At length I said to M. LegroB : If yj have no objection, and these gentlemen wtu not khink it rnde on my parfc, I.will xeiire to 1 my berth ' | Do so by all means,' he answered. 'But j if I were you, I would only partially undress. It is by no means unlikely that you may he i called in &. hurry.' About four hours later I was called in a hurry, A tap came to the door, and tbe voice of Legros said : 'Are you awake, monsieur? If bo, be good enough to dress as quickly as possible.' Five minutes later I joined him in the saloon. 1 1 am grieved to say that we are about to lose the pleasure of your company,' he observed iu his blandest tones Whatever my regrets may be, I am afraid that I can scarcely expect you to share them ; but it is just possible that we may have the felicity of meeting again on some future oooasion. In any case, we shall hardly fail to remember each other. Wrap this cloak around you ; I trust you will accept it at my hands as a slight souvenir of our acquaintance ; and put this flask of oognao in your pocket ; you wiil find the night air cold on the water. And now for a few last words of caution.' His DfOWfi OantrAiftteA Vita Iaaa acnmo/3 fn darken a little as he went on : For your own sake, and if yon value your future welfare— nay, what do I say, if yoo value life itself — yon will not speak onewo:d to any living being of that whioh you have seen and heard during the past few hoars. Should we find the authorities in London setting on foot certain inquiries, we shall feel assured that any information they may ha>e acquired oan only have emanated from yon. In that case But I feel sure I need not say more, except that I wish you to believe that my warning is intended for yonr good. Aud now, cher monsieur, if you are ready.' I followed, &im; ou deck like a man in a dream. I had not noticed till now that the screw of the steamer had oeased to revolve, and that we were scarcely moving through the water. The night was bright aud starlit. ' Yonder little vessel— what you English, I believe, eall a fishing smack — will be your home for the next hour or two,' said M. Legros, pointing to a dark object some little "distance awsy. ' It will convey you to the nearest port, from which you will readily make your way to London.' He took my hand and held it with a hearty grip. And now adieu, and ben voyage .' Then in a whisper: 'Remember my warning. In & pocket of the oloak you will find money to defray your expenses to London.' They were his last words to me. A moment later I was being transferred in a small boat from tbe steamer to the smack. Even before I got aboard the latter the aiccmow ma n tinmen mar oneiti Wn Antilri c«nQiuci was uuuet wttj isgQi u < 11 o wutvi see her lights for a little while after she herself was lost to i iew, but they, too, were swallowed up in the darkness. The crew of the sinaok consisted of three men and a boy. They were a rough but kindly set, and did their best under the circu mstanoes to make me comfortable. I asked them ho questions, nor did they ask me any. No doubt, M. Legros had paid them well for the servioe they had undertaken to perform. Soon after daybreak they put me ashore , at .. Lowestoft, and by noon I found myself in London. I at once took a cab and drove off to my friend Gasooigne's lodgings, only stopping for a moment by the way to post poor Karavich's letter. I had an impression, but it may have been groundless, that my movements were watohed and followed both at Lowestoft and London. I had not been an hour in Gasooigne's company before I had so far disobeyed M. Legros' warning as to have told my friend everything. At my age, it could not well have been otherwise ; , the, burden of such a secret was too heavy for my shoulders to bear. But I had no desire to share it with anyone ele ; onoe X had told the storv t? my friend, I felt that I could hold my tongue for ever. Three days later, in the dus of 'evening, Gasooigne and I strolled down the s rest to a certain house in which Karavich's note had been addressed/. We found the number readily euongh. The ground floor was a b&ker;'e shop with an unmistakable English name nn tha sian — certainly not the name on Karavich's letter. In the window was a card inscribed: 'First and Seo-iod Floors to let Unfurnished and sure encugh, on looking up we saw uncurtained windows staring bUnkly in the dark like so many eigbt'eee eyes. We made no inquiry at the shop, bnt burri d away, feeling as if we had touched the verge of another mystery. One evening, early in the following spring, I was standing gazing into a jeweller's window in Bond street, when a passing stranger halted, apparently wis-h the view of following my example. I was ooneoious of his preseoce, but that was all. I did not even glance at him. Sudder ly a voice whispered in my ear : ' Fedor Karavioh has escaped, let his enemies beware!' I turned with a start, but only to see a tall dark«clothed figure striding swiftly away. ..» Before these lines see the light, twelve thou sand miles of poean will intervene between me and the readers of them. Had it not been so, in all probability the strange experience embodied therein would never have been made public. 