NEW YEAR'S DAY. New Year's Day broke threateningly, but about 2 o clock in the afternoon the sky cleared, and a very pleasant afternoon which was an agreeable contrast to the intensely hot weather of the last few days, was en- joyed. There was no lack of choice for the holiday-maker who desired an outing by land or water, and all the various attractions were well patronised. The New Year's Day meet- ing at the Flemington course was the chief engagement for race-goers. The road to the course was carefully watered, but the absence ot dust was not appreciated bj a very largo number of curri ige foil, who ore mostly out ot town nt this holiday time of t e yeir I he grand stmd and the lawi were well ill ed an 1 mule a "ood display of toilets but the bill uni the Hat were more sparsely attended than New \cjrs Day lins been accustomed to s°o them His 1 xccl lencv the Governor was among the visitors U he sport was fnirlj good, and the admirers ot Sheet Anchor the hero of the hist Mel bourne Cup, were glad to see him score another win On the other hand, it was much regretted that Mr Pearsons well known hurdle racer, Gasahcr, should have been so badly injured by striking a fence as to have to be destrojed Hie nintch between the team which is to represent the M.C C in 1 noland, anti a \ ictor an eleven, was commenced on the Melbourne Cricket Ground in the presence ot a larger attendance than was expected, considenng that no inter colonial or international rivalij is involved in the match Hie 'victorian team had the luck to get the hrst use ot the wicket, but the bowling of Palmer, who got eight wickets and the superb wicket-keeping of Jarvis kept the runs down, und the in nings closed tor 135 runs Ihe M C G 1 leven began badi j, losing two w ickets-those of Bruce and Hoian-for seven runs, but then Scott and M'llwraith got together, and rinsed the score to 80 and both were not out when the stumps were drawn for the daj 1 he Hibernian Australian Catholic Benefit Society held their annual sports on the Friendly Societies grounds 1 he entries for the races and other athletic events were numerous, and the events were well contested J he features of the day were the Hibernian Handicap the live Mile pace, thellicjde liace, several tugs of war, anil a hurling match I here was also an art union, and the numbera oí the ticket« winning the principal prizes will be found in nnothcr column 'Hie grounds of the Kew Asjlum were selected bj the Turn Verein this jenr as the scene ol the social re union ot the members und friends of the society, the number of whom is increasing vcar by j ear The gathering was the largest that the J urn A ercin his jet been favoured with, and in everv way the picnic was a marl ed success J he members of the Pioneer lodge ot Good lemplars went to lilydale and spent a verj pleasant dav I here were baj excur sions to nil the favourite vvateimg places, and the Beveral steamers left vith a lnrt,e com plement of passengers 1 he Oriental I air at the i xhibition building had a good share ot patronage in the afternoon and evening The aquarium was thronged until the closing hour, and between J 000 and 3 000 persons visited the aquarium. In the evening the theatres were not Inrge enough to accommo date all who desired to obtain seats M CC J-LLM-N \\. VIC101U-N 1 l-l \ I N Several of the Australian cricketing teams that have visited 1 ngland opened their colonial tour on New \enrs Day, and the Melbourne Cricket Club, anxious to follow the customar) rule, arranged some time a^o that the team to visit I ngland under their auspices this ) ear should meet n combined eleven of the colonies on the lirst da) ol the new) ear Most of tin leading plnvers were unable, however, to tal e p irt in the match and the detection ot the >,ew South Wales section ot the combined team left that eleven purelv a \ letonan one, while in the eli ven got togethei b) the club >,cw "-outh Hales and South Australia had each a sohttir) representative in Ponnor und Inn IB Indeed but lor the piesencc ot the South Australian vvicketkceper, the match might have b i n termed one between the lirst nu I ".eeomi < levens ot v urona, Mi Major linviuc the right oi selection allí i the M C I committee hu 1 had the pick ot the bunch Hit issue was turther confused by the fact that us far as their English team is concerned the Melbourne club has as yet made no definite choice. As a test match, however, the contest was likely to be interesting, and as even the best Victorian players rarely come together at one time, some good cricket was naturally anticipated. So, in spite of the V.R.C. meeting and other holiday attractions, there was a fair attend- ance ihe dull day and bud light vvero counterbalanced by one of M \lpine s e,ood nickels, so that «ach team was anxious to get in Since the intercolonial match, a considerable portion of the ground bus been elosel) mown so thatn better result might be expected from the hits I he M C 0 decided to give pnres ot five guineas each for the highest indiv ldinl score and the best bowling average in the match lhere was a good deal of dels) in com Eleting the teams, the M C C taam aving onl) ten men 'Hie) were anxious to take over 'Irott, but the Victorians objected to parting with their colt A requisition for \\\ orrall met with no better Buccess, some of the plu vers in the second team threatening to go to the laces if any of their men were taken uwav Alterations had also to be mude in the Victorian team so that no one knew ti» actual composition of either side until the last moment At halt past 12 the Bpectntors present beean to manifest impatience at tue dea/, more especiall) as the umpires Dun), of Tast Melbourne, and Phillips, ot the M C C , had been waiting for some time in the centre ot the ground After half an hour II dela>, Blackburn, who had lost the toss to Bo) le, the captain ol the Victorian side, ¡ed his team into the held, Jarvis doumng the pada for w lcketkeeping Healey wa« the eleventh man on the sidp ot the M C C team 'the Victorian eleven wu3 as foi lows -W atsford, '1 rott I ew is, Trinnick, M'Shane, ltobertson 1 dwaias Wingrove, Houston, Boyle, and W orrall Boyle sent in two of his Tast Melbourne Club mates, Watsford and Lewis, to commence tho bat- ting, the bowling being m the hands of Palmer and Bruce 1 he only other bow 1er ot repute on the side of the fielding team was Trumble, so that the prospects ot the bats men, in the event ot then pioneers being able to make a stand, looked very fair indeed Bol h men commenced to bat m veo good st) le, Watsford especially taking the bowling Irom either end with ease Among the llrst ot his good hits was a square leg stroke to the grand- stand fence Alter 20 had aopeared, both batsmen seemed si t for long scores but with sev en more added Watsford tried to snick a ball from Palmer rising high on the oft side, but touching it too lightly. Jarvis at the wickets got a neat catch W atsford just reuched double figures I dwards was next in, and not having uppeared in a good match on the M C C ground since he pertormed so creditabl) a few >cars ago he was cheered on coming ont Lewis, alter ii line square leg hit to the grandstand, shot a plain lull toss from Bruce straight into the hands of i rumble at mid on, and the catch was held Lewis had scored just 20 and with the ex ception of the foolish stroke that closed his innings batted ina ver) taking st)le With two wickets down for 11, Houston tilled the gap 'Hie pair of batsmen now together also started their partnership in excellentstvle, and soon brought the SO up both placing the ball xerv meei) on the leg side Bruce tried dn occasional full toss, but the batsmen de c1 merl to fall so simply into the trap that caught Lewis, and hit all such elevated favours hard down on the turf Tiumble then came on to bowl instead of Bruce at the Richmond end When play was ndiouincd for the luncheon hour, the score was 57, HoUBton hav ing scored 14 and 1 dwards 0 On resuming jilav, Bruce came back again to bowl, niBtead of '1 rumble, who had sent down onl) n few oveis Both batsmen showed excellent judgment in running between the wickets, while Bruce proved his cleverness íepeatedl) in tin» held Although ns a bowler and batsman left handed, he seemed to be able to use either hand in fielding with equal facihtj- a decided advantage to a nelilsman, and one that should spoil the calculations ot more than one keen run tetter amongst Hnglish batsmen next season Houston seemed to be very weak on the leg side, and both bowlers Eut them there vv ith aatety '1 ho batsmen rought up 80 in eflective style, when llous ton, playing far forward at a ball from Palmer, dragged his toe over the crease, and was amarti) stumped by Tams befóte he could recover Ihe South Australian was Bhuping well, and had got two out of three wickets, and each of them with tar more than average skill With the prospect of a long 1 nghsh tour before them, no one probably was more pleased w ith thin excellent displnv than Blackham Houston made lils '¡7 b) sale and attractive cricket, and batted much more tn>«lv than 1 dwarda. Trinnick was the nett in, and thus far the bat- ting team had in the matter of phjaiqtie, if nut plaj, been quite a second eleven With the score nt 14 Trnmblcn"'iin bow led in place ot Bruce, lrinmck was running out to hit, but rarely getting hold of the ball fairlj, and »hen he fiuallj missed one, Jarvis caine into notice again by smartly stumping him, omi thus getting Pulmer Ins third wicket. Trinnick lust failed to get the double figure, nnd the total score vvus four for 15 'trott cime next, and as he dragged torvv ard and mis"ed one, the vv icketkeeper again deftly Hipped aw tj the bails, but the batsman's toe just hung on the mark and saved linn 'Hie play was alow tot a period and it wasonlv after a monotone tis succession of uneventtnl overs that 10 Iwusbronghtonthcboiird 'imm- ole bid honied l'l successive ninden overa bcioie a single was scored from lum Palmer and lima seemed to have established a thorough nndei st indina, for 1 dvvnrds ne\t plujed forward, missed, and was stumped by tho watchful Adelaide min 'Hie batsman a toe was barelj ort the mark for a second, but it was enough tor lams Pdw^rdss innings ot 25 was a ven c ireful one, and he his evi- dently regained much of the tonn he showed a few vears u"o when he was admitted to be one ot the best all round cricketers in the colonv Boj le came and went back almost iinmediatclv, as m trj mg to hit Palmer to the on he put the ball high into the mr and was caught bv M llwnutli In the sime over 'trott wus clean bowled by Palmer, md seven wickets were down tor ]0(> 'Irott only scored 1, und his play was not neirly up to his M'Shune were the next pair together. Although the bitsmen could not score otf 'Humble, he could get no wickets, so Beck- ham tried the oltl chungo once more by bring- ing bai k Bruce M binnie put a little lite into the game w itb a couple ot hits down to the leuce at long leg Bruce bowled two wides in succession, and seemed unable to get near the wicket. Palmer then cleun bowled M'Shane with a good ball curling m a bit from kg, and the score waa eight wicketa for 1 IO nins W'orrull was next, and to many present it was something of a mjsterj vv li j one of the men whom the best te no were anxious to secure should go m so late in aividnuttedly interior eleven Again 'Humble WIH substituted ter Bruce as the i is a us to Palmer llobertson tried to glance n ball from the new bowler to leg, but snicked it slightlj, and gave lunn another catch, making the lntli batsman he had cleverly got rid of m the mutch. Wingrove failed to score, for after staying a couple of overs with Worral! ihe lunged out to the deceptive ball tram Palmer that cost so many of his com- panions their wickets, nnd again Jarvis smartly whipped the bads awuy, thus making his Bixth wicket in the match, four ot them being stumped mid two caught, while no chances m either direction were missed. Under the circumstances Ins display was n remarkable one, and the event ot the innings. Worrall curried out Ins bat, and as in the intercolonial mutch, had no lau chance to show his batting powers Hie display ot butting on a good wicket was not nearly up to expectations, neither was it whut the play at Bturting promised Palmer, with eight wicl ets lor W runs, wnsthe most successiul bo .'1er, and although much ot his success wai due to Jaiviss vvicketkeeping, a bowler vv ho can put so nnny balls ni one place with a view to tempting the bitsmen forward de serves all the success that Pulmer gained m this mutch I be must lern irkuble bowling peifoimnnee, however, wus that of 'Irumble, whose îecorti was 120 bulls, 7runs, 25muidena, 1 wicket Bruce was a lailure, us the single wicket lie got cost 5b runs. With un hour to pluj Scott and Bruce, as in the lnteicoloiuul mutch, started the innings to the bow ling of \\\ orrull and Win- grove, lewis taking the wickets 'Hie hrst ball that Bruce cot I rom W uigrove he put up into the nu at short leg ind Robertson took the catch, the tirât w ickct falling tor 2 runs lloi un carne next, but after a couple ot overs he cum> torward lo a slow curly one from Wingrove, but the bull broke huckin quite the opposite direction to whut the bowler intended, and look the w ickct, which in uiij cuse lewis must have got bj stump nig 'lwo wickets down for 7 runs was the cheerless record that tueed M'llvvraith as he came in, the two heaviest scorers of the lnteicoloiuul nutch being now in company Hie tiuvusit) ciiptun seemed to know his howlers tricks, and plujed lum eusilj, M'ilvviiiith it lust being uuelj opposite Win c,rove \\\ hen hedid fucehim,however,he sent a couple ot the slows to the chains on the leg side in verj line stj le W mgrove occasionally vuned the slows with u vcrv last one but genernllj a bit too blunt m the pitch to be dangeious Worjull, it the other end, kept well on the wirket, and the butsmeu toi a time did little with lum Attei halt un hour's play u0 hud appeared i lie hist eliunge was mime with the scoie at 41, Houston being put on to bowl in pi ice of Worrall Ile was verj short in the pitch, and the first bull was sent bj M. llwrnith to the grund stand leuce At the other bowling ciease Bubertson was substituted toi Wingrove Houston's bowling was poor, and both bata men hit lum fieclj d0 being inpidlj hoisted, with both batsmen well set In the last tew minutes 'I rott nnd 1 dwiuds lind ii try ut the bowling, but both bu lamen kept then place's, und w len 11 ij stoppt I the sturt- wits ¿0, -M Hwruitli hiving g. t 11) bv ti ts'iiitg cricket, anti Scott 2o in u moie sedate stjle lue scores aie as tollow - Merion UN i.l.l VEM lliihr ix.Mvoa. U atsforil, v Jan Ia, b Tulmer . Lewi«, c Iruinblc, b Urtu ii . "c1 .\ards, st Jarvis, b Palmer Houston, st Jarvis, b Palmer Triunlck, st Janis, b Palmer Trott, b l-imr-r . Bov le, c- M'llwralth, b Palmer . ltobcrttou, clan is, b -rumble. , ai'-luuc, b Palmer. Wornll, not out . Windrow, st Jarvis, b Palmer -iiii-rics. Total .18i DnwiiMi AXAI.VSK-liruce, 1C3 ball?, 68 run», l8 maidens, 1 wicket, 2 Mules, Palmer, -l8 balls, C1) runs, 41 maidens, s wickets, 4 willes; -rumble, 120 balls, 7 run», Î5 maldon«, 1 «leitet. ' M.0 O. TKAII. Fl IIS 1 1NMXÜS. Scott, not out. 20 Bruce, o Robertson, b Wingrove .. .. 1 Horan b Wingrove. 2 U'lln raltli, not out. IO -Uii.rlcs.. _, 11 Two « ickcts for.' SO THE RAILWAY TRAFFIC. The railwa) returns show a considerable increase in the number of passengers earned yesterday, as compared with the trafile ot New Year's Day, 1885. The record at Prinen's-bridge station gives an increase of .1,370 passengers and £24') in revenue. At Spencer-street, the re- turns show 2,054 more passengers, and £270 additional revenue ; and at Flinders street stitiou there was nn increase of 1,457 pas- sengers, and £5 in levenup; the total in- crease being 0.887 passengers and _.">2'1. It is satisfnctorv to learn that no accidents have been reported, and that the arrangements tor the "holiday tralhc worked as smoothly as could reasonably bo expected. The detailed leturns are appended - FLINDKliS STRF.E- STATION. .. 10 .. CO '.'. ~1) .. 0 .. U .. 9 .. 0 .. li PllUvC-SBIlIDGr STATION 185(1 1 18S5 18=0 i l'8j Mordialloc Oakleigh I ii) dale Sale I I) "31 I 0 0°41(l (IIS 1 0 J j S2_ _l FNOER STRKl-T STA.-ION ] 1 asscngers l llovcntie Custini ia ne Sandhurst amil Eel iici Gcclon^ al <1 ballarat S ) moiir Bei alla and Wo dotun Man borouirh and Donald Horsham and Dimboola Goulburn \ alle) Kuiat -, Qltcenscl II and Camper do« n Blendon Coburg VI illlaiiKtoi li Hace trat) û New .cor»Da) ISSa Increase over lost ) car -HI BAY 1 XCUItSIOlvC The marine excursions were more largely availed of vesterda) than on Cnnstmas Da) or Boxing Da) several of the steamers in fact being uncomfortablvcrowded Althou.li somewhat cold and threatening at the time the vessels sailed, the weather proved most suitable for a trip down the bay—a bracing breeze, genial sunshine, and the water almost as smooth as the veriest victim to sea-sickness could have desired. The various trips round Port Phillip and to the watering- places on the bay, were therefore thoroughly enjoyed by some thousands ol excursionists nndnoacci dents are r< ported to mar the record of the dn> s pleasure Ihe Buninvongand tin Bur lumbeet to k crowded trei.hts round the bin going ii? the Wist Channel and returning bi wnv of the South f minnel so ns tonftorrt the passengers a c,ood view ot both shores mid ulsool the fortilicatiuns 1 he South Aus- tralian and the Gol len ( rou n went to Schnapper Point , the lonsd ile the Casino nnd the W illiums to Queenoclift, the rxcel sior and the Alert to Geelong, and the Queenscliff to Mordialloc, all being well Eitronised 1 ach s earner had a band on oard, and everything possible was done to minister to the comfort and enjoyment of the Enssengers There was a great diBplaj of unting, not only on the pleasure steamers, but also on the vessels in port, and the bay presented quite a picturesque ilppeiiruti e. Tlir GLUMAN PICNIC The picnic annually held by the German residents of Melbourne, under the auspices of the Deutscher lum Verein, was earned out this year in the UrL,e and picturesque paddock adjoining the Kew Lunatic Asylum lins proved very suitable for the occasion, there being ample room for the races and other amusements incident ii to the picnic Hie atten lance was verylu*i,e Ihe greater portion ol the hohdiv in ii era proceede 1 bj the tr>m line to Haw thom bridge, mid thence by omnibus to the puddocl but n consider able number went in private convejuuees, and turned their horses out to cnue tor the uttcruoou inside the pu ltloel, which was well (.risscd One of the eluct attractions of the dav was the exhibition ot"jmnastics bj mern bera and pupils ot the lum Verein, the pupils being dnected bj Mi li Becherlield and the members bj Mr L. Beer Hie exhibition consisted principullj ot pet formalices on the horizontal and parallel burs, and ot somer suult tricl s, which were executed very cleverlj Ihe members ot the lum Verein I ledertufel, nuda the coiuliiclorslnp ot Mr Lewertolf, iavouretl the companj with u vunetj ot pirt solids during the dav und dancing was kept up almost con tuiuously in a huge roi eil arena, to the music of Weinbergs bund lhere weie seveial tents at which refreshments were obtainable but a considerable number ot the visitors tin 1 evidently determined to spend the day m true picnic fashion as thev took their own comestibles with them and pnrtook ot them m the cool shade under the stately redgum trees, which are still numerous in the p iddocl A well arranged programme of athletic sports had been pre pared, anti was dulj "one through under the supervision ot Mr L beer, the younger portion of those present taking a good deal of interest in the various events. Ihe proceed nigs wee 1 ept up until between 7 and 8 o clock m the evening the committee of mananemcnt havinc, decided not to hold a ball this jtar ut the Turn Vtieni.us iormerlj, but to Keep up the picnic until towards dusk Ihe following shows the winners ot the various sporting events - Boj» Kaeo, lOOjards.-J Daw barn 1 J Dargan, 2 Long Jump over obstado Jit high -M'Mahon 1 LlftliM, Heavy VV tlitht - Leiermann 1, M Mahon, 2\. Udcrmann Ililli the 7.ilb weicht which was used s tunos sud M Mahon lilted it .0 times lioj« Hace OOjards- J Dargan 1 Iv dithol 2 llutltucc O vards.- M Mahon 1 Lcdcritnun 2. Prlzolorthe llc«t Man in Three Events nainelj, thololu jump lilting ti o henvj weight and the 2 0 janlB flat race-M Mahon 1 Lcdurmann 2 Sov torlh M Malani stored 27 points out of a possible KO ai d Lcdenuai ii made 1 Ladies Hoce -Miss ilov cr 1 Old Mullers 1 »te 100 yds.-E. Beer, 1 J Berger, Tni- IIIBKRNIAN SPORTS The annual sports ot the Hibernian Aus tralasian Catholic Benefit Societ), were held in the Friendly Society s grounds, aud were at tended by about 5,000 persons 1 he nttrac tions of the day included an athletic pro gramme, dancing, a hulling mutch, tuts of war a Lue)ele rice and an art union Hie ground was well supplied with refreshments and the utmost order was maintained through out the dav The most îmnortant footrace was the Hibernian Handicap ot 120 yard«, for which Jt> accepted, ot whom 28 carne to the line 1 he foui lett in the final heat were Patrick, -larding, Kile), and De Silva, but an interesting linish was spoiled b) a bad start The pistol onl) «napped a cap, and Patncl , who was behind the otheis on the line, had got well in liont before they went awa) A protest was entered by Toll), who lost a promising chance of winning, on the giound that according to Slicllield rules under which the race was run, u pistol shot is the menai for stalling Hie starter, Mr brid», nlle.ed that he hid told tile eompilit >rs he had no more powder, but this is denied b) some of them Hie protest will be considered on Mondiy evening Hie tug of war between the Harbour 1rii«t team who îecently beat the hitherto invincible Nnvitl Kcscrvi, and the Corporation quiirrvinen, wasca,eri) ft itehe 1 and utter e tell Milo h id won a heat the lui ii tussli tell to the Haibour I rust Hie I icicle 1 nee was i gilt 11 Dw)cr who was let in so li"lill) bv ihe bandit upper that the held ot acceptances was thinned down to three Ihe I ive mile Race w is well contested O linen, the well known runnel, gave np wilt ii he had gone ulionta mile und a halt, as he tliou.ht lie had no chinee ot cniehing Marshall who had 17 > jnuls start, and who ultimiiiel) came m third to \\\ Allen, who had a sturt of bOO jurds-the handi- capped' hunt Allen, who mude his debut in this race, had to do au extia lap owing to the score being liidillenntly 1 ept The hurling match, which was plived on the toothill "round ot the rescive was watt lied b) a I ir_i number ot spectators Hie gime was won b) Hotham vi ho oh inn I _' " n Is _ bchiiuls to 1 minston s 1 "o ii mid 1 ii hinds Hie victois weic e ipi mu I hi IJHIIC"IIII and the couiili) until b) U Krit n 1 he _ uni w is pla)cdinan excellent spirit ot fiieudliuess and this was specially reterred to b) Mr Kolan, the district scc-etaiv, when the usual courtesies were being exchanged ut the close ot the plav '1 he tirst pri/e in the art union, an allotment ol land adjoining the Yarraville railway station, tell to the ticket Is o 21,obS Hie list ol the other principal pri/e takers is as follows -2nd pu/e, 10 211, ird pnze, 10.112 , 4th pri/e, 3 b40, util nri/e, lo, 134. The following nie the results - Bo)a Race-J MNaiinari 1 It. tarroll, 2,11 Thompson 3 Hibernian Handicip - Tint Heat- Patrick, 1 Time lija, ¡second ticat-Hunde» (10 ids) and Lilas (1. vils) ran a dont hunt In tim run off lilias won llilrd Ile it-l)r Silva 1 .ourtll Heat-nardin- 1 Muli lient-Groves 1 lime lüsec "sixth Heat- lol» 1 J uni UJscc "-cventb Hcat-DawEou 1 Time 1 \i 1 innl Unit-Patrick, 1 Hardlnc', - lolh, lune HAs A protest was entered analnst tho w Inner on the ground that onl) a cap uas snapped tis the starting slunal ihrcu mile II c.elo llact -O llivjer (scratch) 1 Sciullmoie (tu-ju-J - Argali (210)da), J lime, 10m U<9 live milo IHudlnp-Allen (b00 Vds) 1 Bo)d (670 v (Is) .. Mar hall (r.)ds) Tine 2Jin 20s Tug ot VV ar -Quun \ men (eu neral Gordon s team) v Harbour 1 rust non li) l.ein nil Gordon Harbour Trust How ing Club i IJuarn men (11 Donald s te mi) won li) Harbour Trust Howi IL, eluh -ho final heat was won bv tho Harbour trust 1 on in? Club Hurling Match -Lauriston v Hotham Hotham, 2 goals 2 behinds , Lauriston, 1 goal 4 behind» GOOD irMII Vi S PICNIC 1 he annual picnic of the Pioneer I otlge No ! of the Order of Good lemplars took place jesterdiv itLiljdale Ihe members of the lodc,e and their friends numbering in all about .iOO went bj trams from the Prince s bridge st ition an 1 on arrival ut I iljdule pioeeeded to the valley between the lulls through w Inch the loc ii creek runs and there spent the day verv pleasantly lnumuse ments mutable loi open mr guthenngs and in lern huntin,, amon"st the numerous small "ullies ot the nei0hbourhood lill HIjTlKI TO\ \L 'Hie pantomime 1 he Sleeping Beautj was witnessed bj an exceedingly ¡arte audience on New \ ear a Night 1 he vivacity of Miss Chambers and the fun produced bj Mr Harw ood s humorous mannerisms con tributed much towards the success of the piece Hie llajnor Brothers also caused treat laughter bv their eccentricities Hie beautiful scenerj und the ellective groupings ot the bullet were ulso much uduiircd HER MAJ1 SI Y S 011 Ii \ HOUsI Hie continued success of Henry V at the Opera house shews that the mnmge ment acted wisely when thej dctermmelto again play the drama No doubt much of its populuntj is duet) Mr Ki"nolds nn| erson i tionof llenrj \ but n Ieilui" faetoi in its success is the "euer ii ability ot tile compitij and the excellent manner in v Inch tin piece is put on the stu"e I he house was Idled on \evv\enis nifjil in all pans bj un eiithu siastic audience mr i uou IHT \IRI The Bijou Theatre snw the last perform ance of Ihe Magistrate on New \eurs 1 ve The attendance wus large, considering the length of time the piece lina run lo night Mr s Crundv s latest success The Glass of fashion will be i reduced for the lirst time in Melbourne 1IIF NUGGI 1 IHrURI The musical burlesque \donis was again presented at the Nugget theatre on New J. ear s eve Hie devei acting of Mr f eon in the ti tie ifle is as attr icti v e as ev er Mr Cashman md the other members of the comninv oik hard to mile the play the pronounced success that it is s i GI oitTYnm The variety pro"ramme ) resented by Mr Rickards an 1 Ins troupe on New \ ear s I ve drew a Inr^e number of hohdaj seekers to St Georges Hall Ihe stngs and dunces given bj tin' tmmbeis ol the troupe wet« well received j i iuj,ht 'Spoons will be plujed an 1 Mr 1 iel auls will sm" Ins littest song lue Horse l i i \ ICHii i v n ,i r lheentertairmenti rovid" 1 bj Mr 1 nrlow and the vam tv troupe who appear with lum at the \ letona hall was enjoved bv a lnrc,e audience on New \ears Hvt Mr Harlow reneated the soi^s winch have ni ide lura so popular in the past with youthful vigour, and received a large share of approbation. THE ORIENTAL FAIR. At the exhibition building last night, the Oriental Fair and Tournament drew a large attendance, numbering over 10,000 In the afternoon the drama of " Red Riding Hood," plajed by children, was \er) successful. Two balloons ascended. The game of chess, the ballet, and the other attractions were gone through in the evening The children's concert/under the direction of Mr. Perraton, was very well received. FRY KITS ClRClj' Frjer. Circus was well patronised on New Years Night. 'Hie gvmnastic fent3 of the performers were especial!) applauded. To- night the troupe will close their season m Melbourne NEW YEA1VS DAY V, V<"E MEETINGS VICIOKI V 1! VClNü- CLLIÎ Ml LI ING lhere could not be n bctler promise of a pleasant dsj s outing than the appearance ot the sky yesterday morning Hie sun wus veiled behind lleecj clouds, and instead of the trying bent of the few previous dav« the atmosphere wus tempered bj a beuutilullj cool breeze lrom the south As usual on one of the great ncingdnjsot the premier club, the visitors bet.au to arrive on the ground eirlj in the duj, und almost an hour before the lirst rice stinted, the babel ot voices bcj,an in the ring not to cease until tho last rice started Ilia course and its surroundings presented u verj pleasing appearance, and the Irish tender green of tin lawn, vnric"atcit with masses ot clover blossoms toi 1 how carelully lonuthuuuud his assist nits li ni tended ir His 1 xcellency the Governor arrived on the ground shortly be lore the iirst rice started Hie stand enclosure was lairlj well utten le 1 but the carriage paddock piesented a verj bare appenrunce Hie hill und the Hit were not ne irlj as well attended as such an excellent programme deserved Ihe pertonnance oí the Australian Bund vvisc,reutly enjoyed bj those present Owing possiblv to the tient strain on the resourens of the Hallway ¡uithc rities there wisu paucity ot tinins to bring the visitors away titter the racing was over Once or twice a lew drops of nun ti li during the afternoon, but the weather held fine till the day a spoit was ovei, though the evening closed in a little chilly 1 here seemed to be u general feeling that the intervals between the races wtre rather too long Ihe lirst event on the programme was the Normanby Stakes, tor winch the nine youngsters coloured on the curd nil started Maddelmi was made such a sti mt, favourite that she lett the paddock at the short odds ot 5 to4 u" mist her io the dism ij ot her sup porters she dtsplij ed a good de dot temper on the coui»c, mid broke away several times at the post She was fortunate m getting aw ty well at the starr, and once fairly set c,oin" she Bhovved herselt vastlv superior to the held, and, holding lier place till the way, won with the greatest ease by a couple ot lengths 'Hie positions ot the second and third colts showed how true was the running on the Cuullield coui"c the previous week Hie scratchinc.8 in the Standish Plate were so numerous that of th horses numbcre 1 nu the board only 19 nmsteicd at the Btnvtint, post sbeet \ncbor was made avery strom, tuvounte, but the îesult proved th it bucking horses is nut one ot the exact sciences and this time the fielders had the udv intuye Hie tuvounte was never dnn"irous, und the outsider Dura tion gained the victorj ultu a bullant struggle with Bohemi in LTncas fell nenr the sheds und the Ghost wus ntirly lulling ovei lum lhere was rcillv nothing else in the race, for Chuekstei who wus placed third, waa fullv sii. lengths behind the Iculing Eair, with Claptrap Stufloid, and VI anus almost level with linn After un interval of mi hour und a quirtcr for luncheon the 11 horses lett m the Hurdle ltace came on to the course lhere was a c,reat deni of chun"iiit, in the betting till 1 ilcon wus established lirst favourite Gusalier und Insolvent wire very well sup portel Kooljte cut out the worl torabtut half a mile, mid then ,-iiic place lo Insolvent us tiny ne ired the stand divine, to the dust Ousnlier dil not sie the burile, which she ran into and lolled >vet breaking her lund leg. Ueiieral lad sou soon displaced Insolvent ui the le K1 and le 1 lo the tai turn wlieie Muster Pinet p assume 1 the le iel lur a moment hut w m soon pa sed a am by l euer il lue! son Insolvent led into the Hliui"ht, und holditic, his place all the vnj huiiu, won eisilj by about thieo lengths iroin Master linetop the 1 inmute vv is never duii"erous Only three horses stute I foi the bu"ut Pinte winch wus looted on is such a ceitjiutj lui Sheet Anchor mat he Htm ted at > to 1 on lum Hie lioises cuntertd lur neaily halt a mile, when I list Prince went otl with u spult and ltd till about ii quintet of a mile lrom holm Here Sheet Anchor caught lind pi*std bun licnmaid cune with u good spurt neal hume, und (unshed a close second on sulleruiicc Onlj seven boises si irtetl loi the Steeplechase W violet, vv hu h id Coin,, m lu the s uldie bcin" mule the t iv junie it »hoit lids 1 tis e uti i wai i sholl out loi lit k11 ui d got nwai al ihe ti mun,, "loun I 1 i/etic who tal neil a "ood dull ut publie money, fell lit the next fence und Ouodwotd tell ut the next, but wus sou.tucki) remounted by lluht that he received a he irty round ol applause ftom the spectutorB îxurrung lell on the buck Btretch Lady Ashton led till after the cleuniiL. of the last lenee, where Mernder cume away und won very easily Hie horses in this race finished ni the same order as in the Steeplechase on tile Cuullield course on Suturduj Inst In the Midsummer Hindicip onlj nine of the ¡1 horses col mre I on the cuni mmteied ut the post, Durution bein" mudo a wurm luvourue Duration mude most ot the running, Lesbia pressing her closelj till reich mg the home turn, where she li ltd uwaj, und Chucks» i und Cnmeruie dial lented the favourite Duration held out all the way hume und scured her second wm ottheduj Hie rncing concluded with the Criterion stakes which wus won vetj easily bj Hie Nun, Mainsail and St Puul tillinc, the otherpluces though some of the falls in the Steeplechase were very dan_erous looking none of the joel eja were burt Hie follow ink ure the particulars of the ricm"J Tlir NORMANBY STAhtS, Of 10 sois each nilli 4C0 added Tor two)car ol Is Tbu second horse to rcociv o 60 sovs , and tho third _»BOVS livo furlongs lion W A Lone, s cn f Madilcllna, bv îs eel crsgat -Meg Mcrnles, Oat, including ,1b pena t) (Robertson) 1 Mr b a Look s lu o Dividend, 8st 101b (I'owei) - _lr I U HcidsbrtGadll), 8 t 71b (Williams) - Mr V) iields b c Blondín Bat lOIli (Itanncc) U tir Vi J Chilles b e lint Consul, o-t 101b (Han lings) 0 Su W I Clarke s bl c Damocles, Sit 1011) (Hughes) u Mr S Hiller 1 Ire Vltini )rtma it tOlb (Oki) U Ml B Olav s li c itutort fail 1011. (Ur- ltlmaitc) 0 Mr U L smiths b or br t Louise Berta äst 71e» (O Unen) . 0 notting-"i to 4 airst Maildchtii I to 1 ntfst Um demi, 4 io 1 u.et bust Consul - to 1 a^st Louise Berta al 1 0 to 1 uest C nilli Mililcllua viasvuv Iractioils nt the post au 1 de laved the sturt toreóme I lint" I II - Mr V\ atsoli sci'ing Hie o] | urtumt) wileri shu ñas 1 rouijit luto Hue, t-cnt thcinaní) on oven tenis Th luvourltc wlo bal tho insi U rum ing soon showc 1 lu from vutti Uatnocies and 1 dort auout level As the) caine on, it »as evident tu cvei)0llu lint Mi Lo li j, s till) hail the rato in hand and bl e won with tieateasu I > a couple oí lciiL,th Dividend was second, anl Cadlly third Damocles Munwvrtina iirstCouul lilonditi, Louise Herta and ltctort liulthcd next In that order fimo, lui _4s Tltr STANDISH 1_,\TI, Of 5 sovs Clcli with li 0 added second llorac to re eclvo 100 sov» and the thud uO sovs One mile Mr T CnpiwH 11 li Duration ' ) rs b) Hiu,he>i dcii-lliiinomuii,ic 7at fib (broun) 1 Mi X lunts s br e Bohemian, 4)rs, "st 1310 (llinie.ni) 2 Mr D b VV ullaeu a b li Chili.kater, aeed, bat 01b (1 obortsou) I Mr VI LuiiJiUns br li Sheet Anchor, a"cd, Oat rib. (O Brien) - 0 Mi D M 1 ol ertson s br c Meonshco 4 )is, gst 1 lb (Loiiiloncll)) . 0 I Mr ID I obcrtaonsborbr. Stafford, Ojrs, Sat Ulli (Vlooic) 0 Mr 1 O Held s elie' Tho Ghost, aecd, Sst, Sib (VV lill imp) 0 Mi I VV Ulla s eh h Lord Wilton, ¡Mrs, 8 t 71b (In in) 0 Vii li 11 ohertaon s b li Anchorite, fi v rs, & _ lib (Hov c) 0 Mi I! How ùs eli e Sea Horse, 4 )rs, .st lib (lowei) 0 Mr J Whittingham s b h Claptrap 0)rs, "st 111b (Tinban) 0 Vii & u cooks cb u RciiiuR, 3 irs, "st, 71b (D-ilton) 0 Mi I Warnes cb c Albanus, 3 vrs, 7st. Gib (Hence) 0 Jil J Ilirpcrs b g Lucas, 4 vis, "st. 41b (LtlrliUe) 0 Mr VV A HI ate s bl c Lav ington 4 v rs "st carried "st lb (Weisle) 0 Mr I t> liol citaoim b or br & Merman, n.ed, Gst. 12 li (1 lildcs) 0 Mr C Wilsons b ni Gardenia, b vrs bat lilli (Copo) 0 Mr ) Cro-iers fjllli ) bg Childe Harold, & ) rs , bat 01b cimelbst lill) (M Nauru?) 0 Mr CHI Harts Lt Islander, J )rs eat 41b (Con)) 0 -cttiin, -7 tr 4 a.rst Sheet Anchor, li to 1 aeat Bohemian s to 1 cadi nest chtickslii Cliptiap, aid Lavington 10 to leach a.,st Sttitl ird lennis and tarden a, 12 tu t oicha^se Loid VV Ilion and D na tlon After a little ticubl the lior cs were sent awav to a ni Ludid stait. Alb mus ami Islandir Itaviiic, i sll.lit advantage Duration Javineloii und Loin mian weio show inn; it the head ot the otiléis As tbey went on Hoheluian und luvilc, ton joined tile lindinir pair "ho other» vwtu I I lowing lu n cluster, with the favounto m tim (cttrc Child stcr nell in tbu rear und Muunsbeo 1 Ht Atthe abattoirs Diiiatioii a id iaitnc.ton were riliinlnL together lu front. Islandci anil Hohenii in were next at the lleid of a elu ter Cbuo" . cr vv is still Mi. well ladt and Vlooiishcc last Uno Islande! crossed 1 neus who fell ai d tho Clio«! nns also ne tri) donn Willi uns riulntí loi sniuu distance on lill" h nae3 1 iol Uuiallon led into the itialcjit nilli I alington (lone upon Un nisi le and Gardenia .otu. up last nn ill outdi te undi r the whip As thuv healed lor home, Duiatlou and Uulieim in bin.tcd out In Iront, and otter * Ano rtrugcle, the former gained tho victory bv half « let 1.U1 Chuikster »M third full} six lengths uuav with Clvptrap Stafford, anil vlbanus almost level with him Sheet Auohor was next, Merman was last lime lui 42/« Till HlltDIl KAU Of 6 sors each with lOOadduI S cond horse to re- echo 60 sov s AU111 two mile« Mr J \\\ uro s b g In olv nt u 1rs, In King Cole Grace lOst Ub (I Still le) 1 Mr i. O Connoi s br li Ma tilinctop aged, lOst Sib (SI Lead) S Mr II Manns th h I ritt'ui 0 vrs, Ost I0lb (ltulit) - 3 lion VV 1 tar-on s b m basal er, C j rs, list 21b. (I ordiier) O Mi O Crin «s l>r. Millan vislOst 31b (Com gan) 0 Mi Joiit s cb c Central Jac' o 1 ac,cd lust -lb (Vndcr on) 0 Mr II I laluoisbh \liicrli , ' jrs, 'ht 121b (Dim) 0 Ui J L»cl s th h D Miller 0 jrs 1st. sib (Mr VV aton) 0 Mr V l iv lor a b or br g 1 neon, n,ed »st iib (tertuson) 0 Mr s Millers li g Kooljtt, i^eil >st lb (VV Olds* 0 Mi VV S cox, ja 1 - b li Co kbi it (I MS 1st. (owner) 0 lieuui0 -1 to 1 a_st I dcou r to I agst Oasibtr, li t> 1 a.st In olv tnt li tu -' 1, t Cool boit 8 to I each aft 11 ittan anu V» tvei ty lu to 1 nea lil tilltr rho horse« were oil nu the move lo,clbt r on the word to "0 Itlug "1 en C1 iltja nn 1 Ivooljto teill< hi Iront \t Hit Hist Inn-ilk koolvto wob leading;, w itll C nttul t otl bo it an I \ ultnn next and tlosa up Distiller bil tiUu up a portion well In the nar Kooli tt li I into the strähnt iloselj w utel on by Insolvtut, Vulcan contrit Jatl son, Cockboat, and Crittan Ti 0 hurdle in trout of tho stand was taken in the follow mc order -Insolvent Gtntral Jutk'ou, and koolj lo eh t toctther Alttr a short gap vitro Vultim M I 1 Pinetop and Grattan L>i--ti!ler was la t t =i ur I "I over thin hurdle, luolc her olt hud let, a I utaili brought Distiller down Itoundin, the turn \\\ t tho sta d General I itlisonwasltudm,. Insolvent koolj te and VV i\ erlev weit follownik in that 1 rder anti in a cluster Ville iii an I Cockboat were next rho hoi ts nu along tim bael stittch III Hit s nue order litre Distiller, who had betn last lrom the st irt, ran olí clem ral lack bon ltd round tbe tar turn with lusolitnt a eloso second Slastcr 1 inetop hal ,0110 up to third plane At the sheds Insolvent li id t ii eli ur-t pi ice Mabter Pinetop was ne\t, willi Crauin Gtneral laikson, Koolvti aid 1 ali on next lis Kent lol Into thu stiaiL.ht well in front if citiithmj. else crattau, Misltr Pit tiop Cintnl I ti so 1 Vulcan and taloon btiut, next in tint ordei Ins li tnt led home an ta«j winner b\ marl) Mute 1. neill» in trout ol Master 1 mttop Giattau w is thir 1 about three lengths away , fhen tollovtil cuitra! J itl son \\\ iverlev, 1 alton. Vulcan Kooly te and Coe! buat In that older lune Jin Jl4s TIIL nVoOT 1 r \T1, OfGsovseaeh with SO ad le I '-ttond horse to re- covo 100 so\i »tight tor a"e One mile and three quarter« Mr VI Lou.hliii s br h Sheet Author a"od, bj St \lbans-c¡llctn Slim l»r lb (O lirlen) 1 Mi ii Martins belle.III tld 4 5 rs including Sib penalti, 0 t lb (ltobtrtbon) 2 Mi li Oshauasjs br o lirst I rince, S }rSl intludini, Jib ptnultv is lb (Slooit) . 3 licttuic. - t to 1 on btieit Vi ebor Ihu trio went auai atavtiv blow pace and for W10 first half unit tbtj vitro ilmost tanttrhnr First 1 unco led with Ile.ina I indth ut Anchorfollowlng in that order, and about a k11 th and a half apart UotiMulii,,' d10 turn past thu stan II irst Prince was sent awaj at a strong pitt, and soon cabled a lead of fulb halt a dozen lenntlis lit htl 1 his pobltlon alone bv the ilvtr and rounding the far turu be was still turee clcai lengths m front fahetl Vnchor and Reginald were running abreast At the abattoirs ¡sheet Author btgvu to thaw up to 1 irst Plince and enter* nu, the straight be v us ntarlv leitl and going well within himself In tilt stiajit shea Anchor drew to the trout tin 1 led bonn an risi winntr by halt a Itngtle It filial 1 unit wuh 1 nibil at ihe finish but tho result was nevtr for a niomtnt in doubt first I mice tluisbtd about tbrto lttiLths bthmd KesinaliL limt, Jin Tin sum IUIASL, 01 _» stn s caí h with .JOü m itlui fho second horse to i_L.t\t. Oom» rtml tin Hunt _.G.ot¡t Mr S Millers b,.'Mern iii Mrs bj King loin i'amloiu Hat, 51b (Mr VUt-uii) 1 lion U 1 carson d b nt Ladj Aunton, aa_d, Hat (MI luff) 2 Mr T Martins b ff Nattie, agid, lOst 91b (M Lcod) 3 Mr S Martin a b m Luette, m,cil. 1 _t (Batty) * 0 Mr M 1 otij-hlind br tf WJ.inlet, 5 ¿re, UM iCorr (¡ran) 0 Mi J mint slip Goodwood iced list (Owner) O Mr C li 1 Harta b k «Narrung;, uj_-»,0-t Ub (llussij) 0 Betting -5 to 2 o^it, ^ \ ni tot, 4 to 1 each ftfs. Llztttc and Memd.i, ti to 1 u_,__ Ladj Ashton, Qoad wood, and îsathi Tho horse, weio out «ouie tune before the timo for gtuiUni,', ui d tl!i_UI. thi> Limelo^.th.rMi \\\atwn sent them on their jouniij _-l_.riui_.r was show hie in front with Goodwood an 1 Native next Utfoto to I nt' fu* _Nati\o wmt to the hone Lad> Ashton tukliig second plaie with Nairune, atthp hoad ol the othci. Iho double nui (IL tar ind of tho eour_o nan negotiated in thi-> urdir Natut went awa> with a k11 of fulh « i^lit 1 eui,Ihs as th_\ loundid thofar tiun 1 id\ \shton w is-c\t After a trap follow.. I Mum 1er an I .Narnu B it th head a. the o the rd 1 luh Ashton "ra tualh gained on Nattie, and bj tlie timu tht\ nietiid tho sheds PIIO WII tu front Uno >utm blundei-d badh., hut did non Lome do\ n MirnUr U,ml._ ami Naming were ntxt At thu l.ii o I \ thu training urouml \N 3 inlet lill U tie n \t fento ti^itte foi kiw-il suit and Giodwood fill at the fentd at the b ttuni of tin btiaijjit but waa quid h rcinouutut I ad\ Ashton li I pa-it tho stand M\ lengths in front of _Suttvo and Mirndtr \\\ ho wins runnmn to0cthor _Sairun.r wat folio uni* about _t> lingtha aw i\ with Goodwood ilohü behind him Tho huíais ion in the »anio order round the turn just tho stund anti i!oti_ b\ tlnimr where ¡\ irr til]/lima to ¿rief U the i ir end of tho course Mirndtr hended l_ud¿ Ashton Nati.i w s about eÍL.htlcnP,thti awu> uitliGooduo)d ne\t Iiid> Ashton pa__-id Merndir al the Abattoir and connut, ulon_r b> the training ulound she had a tcid of tully elicit Icu.ths NLUI tho labt finco >atiw ¡ t. ed Meniihr an 1 jumpee ri^ht acio s him In tho inn home Memder taino on with a rare spurt, uti 1 latching- Ladv V h ton v tim stricht heat her bj about four lent tin _Sftti\\# \ a» tim 1 tjiv Un_.tli. awuj Goodwood was mi\t. full. lui) \ mis 0Û lime rm fO. illL MlUSUMMir IIANDICVl Of so\\- taih, with .(H) ad led The second horca to leoeito V sov_, an! tie thiid 2¿ so\s One milo anda h ilf Mr I erin- bl h Pin it on M-S bj Hughenden -IIiiitiouiuivtL nnului0 Ib i Limits, 7_t -lb (Brow II) 1 Mi D *. ..all ici. b ht-huelsttr, a3ed, 7st 01b. (1 obcrtsou) 3 Mr G Daus, b ni Caiuirino aired S«t (Trnlmn) 2 Mr It Q Talbots eh m Bim) ..omit, aged. Sat Jib (MOOR) « Mr I Itcdfiarns ihm Madcap, 5 jrs, Sst 31b (0 Brun) 0 Mr W Condron s br h A elocipedo, & M-S, "st 111b (Burton) 0 Mr ¿> O Cool s b h \n 'lcse\ ii j rs "st, (Dalton) 0 Mr M lacobs th li HenU Or, u ,r_, Ust. 111b (l.uifciní 0 Mr O Harnett. br m Leib a, tí .r¿, Cet 10lb (Flanagan) 0 Ucttin^ -7 to 1 airst Itsbn i to 2 airst Duration, 4 to 1 ag< Caiiioriue 10Ü t ) la aifsc AJ j,le ea The hors s went iwi> on yooil terms, Chuokster tnd llhnl lion i > heilig in front las^lii^ the stand Blink lionm wa. l-adinff Duration and Madcap were next Uiuiltstir and Bend Or WHO toi,ether in th« nar As tlio> rounded ti e turn pant the frtand Dura- tion tool flntt place ltliul Iionn\ \tloclpede, and Aiieji-ia were ut the head of the ueeond dlvisioti, and Chuil bier was last. Durition led atoiiL, the back stretch, when Li bia \ euc up to sciond place, An^lcs.a and \ elocij ide were at the tiead of thu others Kouu lill- ti t tar turu Le.bia wcut up level with Duration AiuUtict Blink Boun\ and Uaiuirlno were m\t together The le id I tic pair need well uwu\ from tho iU.ld as tbev ti car ed tho al ittoir-t and at thu shed:. Le^ia was in trout tamcriui, Beni Or, Chin I ¡»tor and \cloiipc lo were next in that order and clo-o tojreth.r Duration lui into tin h t rat L h ti with Linbiaon tho outside (.oiuj,' uudei the whip ChutkbUr got up on the innid but ttioin.li he mad o a gallant eOort Dmatiou had too muih loot for h lui and won bj ncarlj lulf a Ici LUI Caniermc who tlnl8hcd%cr> well was thiid hall u Ieii).tli off Lesbia and Madcap were ne\t with Bend Or* Velocipede, Anglesea and Blink Bounv ne\t in that order rune .111 J.l9 nu iiinhiiiov sTVkis, Ofösovs tach with 1 0 id U 1 lor two years old. Xhut juaittrsof a lillie Sir W D nohtrlsuns b f Ile.Nun bv Knur of tim Ultu- 1 ll"nui ue ist .lb (Vlooro) 1 Mr s G Cooli , 11 e SI in sail ,st 41b (Dalton) I Ml 1 Chirnside H b u Ml li Martin s eli e\ I I. "ih (I Ittulgo) 0 Mi 1 llal[crs b f lh i be V\ iltou, Ost 71b (1 lanagan) . 0 Betting -»lol on Thu Nilli 1 to logst VC, Oto 1 catii a¡,st M tins ill a id 1 li ebt VV alton Ibu start ippcarid to be a veri coo I one The Nun, St I atti midlhcbi Walton btlu" In front as thev eros ed tbt tau lh r was but little to chooso amont the horses I ii mt till hilf wav up tho btraic.hr, wluru Iii Nun dieu out an 1 the rite was virtually oitt Ibu sun won as she liktd a length and a hilf in front m M uimil sr Paul was tblnl three ltnt,tlis ort and I bu.be V\ allon loiuth Tune, lui lil s COUNTRY NEWS (By Telegraph from Our Correspondents.) LAL LAL FALLS TURF CLUB. BALLARAT, Friday. The Lal Lal Falls Turf Club annual meeting took place to-day, and was well attended, something like 25,000 assembling to witness the sport. During the day the branch line from Lal Lal station to the racecourse was used for the first time, and the trains ran very well, but the traffic arrangements, being hurriedly made, were not so convenient as could be desired, the last special on the return journey not reaching Ballarat until past 10 o'clock. Nineteen specials in all ran between Ballarat and the racecourse. The weather was fine but cool, and the racing was excellent. 'Hie lullow in,; nie the ii suits - lilli stales [li soi» Wil,htfor a,e Al oui ono mile-I nun Iti 1 I adv Diown 2 Sultan J. Won bv halt a lu a I lu dit un Handeln II mik late o' IO sois A) out two milts.-lolcii, Jiul ii«, 1 clutswoiih, Mandu Heath I 1 ive nu ¡selling 1 lot I aie of °0 MJV (Wmutr to be sold for £20) one Ullin and aijuaitei - liieSlaul 1 Wire In, 2 Strnuht Win Cintran W inner boli.ht in for A,-' tlub uttluij, e" 1 ni lal I alls TC Cm of 'Osoie one milo and a half -Doubtful lad 1 I a/cllt » Artus Girl, 8. Won 11 half a htad T ni in JJls lluulicipTiot -Piuttv laut 1 Twelve ron i-tl in. 1 ht 1 act ol 11 sovs sl\ furlong -Wire In 1 lue Maid - W Inner bou"hD lu for ela DULI bl OLD lulïl c-LUl! DliLISIOKD, lltlDVY. 'Hie Diil"sford 'lint Club mees took place to duj Hie weather was tavouruble, und theie wns a lur^e attendance 'Ihe racing was Rood, and the meeting pissed ovt r with- out um accident 1 tie following aie the re. suits - ladies Purwe of li soi" about one mile weight foi agc-Venus 1 Hailj Morn, J , Little Dot, 3 A tlosel)ni«h null three ran llmdicap Hurdle) itt of° sovs al out two miles. This resulte 1 in a wall over fur conductor Mail ,ftmt ltanillisp ol lu «ove second û sovs, abuul mo lillies -Vtiius fest 71b 1 Koektt, 7ft. 81b, 2 ; Flash of Lightning, 7«t 101b, 3. A good race. Handicap Trot, of IB »ovs , second S sovs., three ?alles.-Topsy, 200 )»rds, 1, Don, scratch, 2 ?Tomboy, 600 yards. 8 ; Barmaid, scratch, 4 A capital race. Time, 0m. 60s. Selling Hack Hace, of £7 10s. about ono mile - Charity, 1, Happy Joe'», 2 , Starlight, 1 Six ran Won by a neck The w inner sold for £15 Selling Race, of 20 sovs., about ono milo and a halt. -V emin, 1, Little Dot, 2 Rocket, 3. VV on easil) Consolation Stakes, ol 10 soi » , about ono milo - CriPPlo. 1, Early Morn, 2, 1 lash ot Lightning, J A .eil contested race TERANG RACING CLUB. TERANG, rniDAT. The Terang Racing Club meeting wai held today. The weather was threatening in the morning, but the clonda cleared off and the day wag fine and cool About -1,000 persons were present, and the grund Btnnd was crowded. fihe following are the results - Maiden Plate, of _> sois, one mile -Tho Baroness, 1, Sheela, 2 , Promotion, 3. _ iv o ran Time, lui. «3s. Handicap Hurdlo Race, of 30 sovs , ono milo nnd a half -Amateur, 9at. 121b , 1 Aristocrat Ost, 71b , 2 , Ladybird, Ost 71b , S Hieran Time Jin 4¡s Terang Cup, of 60 sovs. one milo and a quarter - Forlorn, 8st 101b,1, footman, Sst 111b , LittloJohn, Dst,, 3. bcron rare I ootman led tho fir t part of tho Journc), when -orlorn came un and won dev orly by half a neo- Time, 2m 20s. Steeplechase, of 30 sovs, two miles.-Tanlstlcker, list, bib, 1, All Serene list. 101b , 2, Jiac, lOst 21b , 3 IMIIO ran Time lin. "Ja Amateur Race, of 10 i-ovs , three quarters of a mile -Sheela, 1, Idlo Girl, 2, loor lat, - Time, lm 22a. Selling Flat Race of 15 Foi" ono mile-Top Rall, I, Ttj Mo, 2, Patriot, 3 live ran Time, lm bis. Maldon Trot, two miles -Noorat, 1, Dexterity, 2, Jen ess, 3 - _ BELFAST RACING CLUB. BELFAST, EniDvr. The Belfast innutl races cime off to day The weather wus splendid, and there was excellent sport, -he following are the re Bults , Port r-alry Plato, of 10 sovs* one mile-Cottage Girl, 1, Queen of the North 2 Laih Howcrflcld I Hurdlo Rico, of 11 soi-, one 11 lo and a half - Frank, 1, King Mantilla, 2 Mooiili.ht 3 l'on) Raco ono nillo -IJollv, 1 Illuo Hell, 2. Steeple, of SO sois about two lulle« -Nuisance, 1 , Tallow Girl. 2,1 rank, I Selling I lat Race , ono mile -Here s Luck, 1, Cottage Girl, J, l'ouipev, J LILMORC KACrS RUMORT rnrovT The annual races of the Kilmore Amateur Turf Club were held to dij Hie weather was bcautifullv tine, and the dnj s proceed- ings passed oil succesotulh Hie following are the results - Maiden Píate-Mr Towlers niuo Teil (Spooner), 1, Mr Brae) ens 1 tpricve ÍLvon») " Mr VV billet 9 Streak (VVbillet) 3 Thtro wert i leitirttrs Malden Hurdle liicc-Sir M Cormicks Alphonso, 1 Mr Hardmans cyclops 2 Mr Sandersons Flirt Try ) In Ibis ti nt =cvcn hör es nu Selhn" Itacc-Mr Johnstons Mu fred 1 Mr Quinlon s Glov II lit 2 Mi Diacl.cn b Discount 0 A Held ot 12 Morues stirtul Turf Club Uandi i| -Mr Tolls Eagle, 1, Mr Cosey s Mjsterj _ Mr Brae] tits Operatic, 3 Tilc horses started Ladies Bracelet-Mr Oulnlin s Glonli.bt 1 Mrs Todds Ea"Io 2 Sir I obhi'Onu Bonnie Leo, 3. ¡seven borscs started Handicap Hurdlo Race-Mr Tailors Swca'mear, 1 Mr Caecj s Dclhnco _ Mr Cordell s l'ttcr, ¿ Kino horsts started for this tv cut District Han htip -Mr Ktnntdv s Soldier Pov 1 Mr ¿tunin s Honey Bto 2 Mr Iitzpatncks Little Beeret There w ero ni e starters MOORuOPNA LACrS MOOKOOrNA, ritiDAT TJie Mooroopna annual New Years Day races took place to daj w ith the lollow ing results - Hurdlo Race of 20 soi« About two miles. Finnegan lObt 41b , 1 Kari, 10=t 71b, 2 Orlondo, list 121b, 3 Maiden Plate of 10 soi n About one milo and a quarter-Hau lit 1 Little 1 cttr 2. Mooroopna Handlea! OÍ40SOVH About ono milo Mid a half - \ erbena bv Kin of the Hine-Lily, 7st 111b l,l<ora,0st iib 2,IurPlav - t lilli, 1 Selling ltaco of lo soi s VV inner to be fiold for 20 povs- Sonneteer 1 loor Tim ° Slim lim , ltollvvaj stakes of "Osovs About one milo and aquarter-William Tell by kettledrum-1 lora, bst 101b, 1, lair lloj, Sit 21b, ..Gladiator, 7st 121b, 3. _ FLINDERS R VCING CLUB. rLiNDrns, rnmAT The riinders Racing Club nnnuil meeting waa held to diy In spite of theunlavourable aspect of the weather in the torenoon, the at- tendance was quite up to the nvera"e, and everything went mostpleisantlj and success- fully The following ure the results - Malden Plate.-Itouiola, 1, Minnie, 2 , Thomas tho Rhymer, 3. Hinders Handicap-Petrel, 1, Renown, 2, Cricket, 3 Hurdle Race.-Petrel 1, Renown 2 Czar, 1 bhlrcs Purse.-Ladj 1 linders, 1, Stella, I, Brenda, 8. Consolation Stakes -Renown, **, Stc 'a, 2, Mahdi, S _ BEECHWORTH AMATEUR RACING CLUB BEECHWORTH, TRIDAT The New Year's Day races took place nt Baarmutha-park to day. 'Hie following are the results - Malden Plate of IS sovs , ono milo -Norman, 1, Aria 2, Mountain Lass ¿ Flj ins Handicap ol lo sov s , s x furlongs -Barcal dine 1, Larrikin - Vrn J Now "i ear a Dij Ilandieip of 30 sov s one mile and a quarter -Blade Diamond Jst 1 Lnoorc, "st 41b , B , Rosebud, 7st 101b J lue rall SellniL' Race, ot 20 sovs , one mile and n distance Mountain Lass 1 Hobin, - Blue Gonn 3 Town Plate of 20 sovs one milo-I arcaldtno 7st 101b , 1, 1 roblcni, ¡>st 21b , . , Leo, C5t 41b , 3 I lvo ran Ladies' Purse, of 15 sois,, five furlong -Miss Wjo 1 Consolation Stakes, of 12 sov s, one milo and a distance -Problem, 1, Rosebud, 2. Turco ran AVOCA RACES AVOCA, TniDAT The Avoca New .enr'sDnj races were held toda), and the attendance was an evcellent one Ihe following are the results - Maiden Plato Ono Milo and i. Half-Panic, 1, Moonlight, 2, Deorfoot, 3 felv. ran Won by a neok Handicap Trotting Race Two Miles -1 oung liar man, 1, Hobin 2 Miss llungbong J 1 ourtcon rail W on by four lengths 2vew Years Da) Handicap, One Milo and a Half - Tanto, 1 Alban), 2 Lai.cr, 3 Lanatiug also ran Won casll) Handicap Hurdle Race Ono Milo and a Half - What s Wanted, list Mo 1 Deerfoot, list 1-lb , 2 , Moonlight Ost 3 Won lu neunter Hack Hace One Mile - Darl le 1, Cantab 2 E-ilo, 8\. Won bv half a Icn.th Consolation Stal is One Milo -Moonlight, 1 , Princo Objrno, 2,.\llc, S. Won b) a hcod Six ran MYRNIONG RACING CLUB BALLAN, TiilDAT. The HarmonT annual races were held to day, on the Ins-Iistou ] state 1 he weather was fine and cool and the attendance a large one. 'Ihe following arc the results - Maiden Plate -Defiance, 1, Little iraud, 2. Won casllv M)rniong Plate -Vand) 1 c, 1, Derb), 2, Zoe, 3 Good meo Malden Hurdlo Race -Derby.l, Annic,2, Loitcror, S Won casll) Trotting 1 dice-Ph)bov, 1 Jogalong 2 Hack Hace -Zoe 1 1 on, _, Good race Consolation Stak es-Wasp, 1 Won easily Fivo nu. INTERCOLONIAL RACES. (Br TiXïanArn ritojt Omi Coim_src-.D_NT") TATTERSALLS CLUB ANNUAL RACES. SYDNEY, 1 RIDÂT The annual race meeting of 'lattcrsall's Club was held at Randwick Ricecourse to day, and was a most unqualified success. The attendance was very numerous, about 18,000 people being present, including IIIB Excellency Lord Carrington and suite 1 he principal, event of the day was lattcrsillB Cup, which proved nu easy victory for the Hon J, Whites 'lempe, who won Bomewhat easily at the finish 'Hie hand Borne cup, the gift of Mr IVm Cormack, was presented to the lion James White by Lady Carrington, and the victor) was a de- cidedly popular one Half a score Btnpped for the Hurdle, which was won in tood btvle by Caloola, who was treel) backed Recruit cut out the work in the 1 ljing Handicap, and justgot home J augh a Ballat,h and Ellington wire most in request for the Selling Race, and the latter won cleverl) from Colstoun, while 1 augh a liallagh finished absolutely last Eleven went to the post for 'latter Balls Cup, and, opening at G to 4, Tempe finally Bettie, down at 2 to 1 against her _ he race was a ver) pretty one to the home turn, though the result never np pearce! in doubt after the first mile had been traversed, the favourite coming avva) when asked, and she won ver) easilv from Ben Bolt, with lnendship third Oil Colour was utterly disgraced, anil was never in the hunt from start to finish Alter pulling up, St Lawrence staggered about a.id lell lind died in a few minutes It was thoughtthathisbacic was broken Phillip Augustus and Chesham ran a dead heat for the ino) ear old Stakes Peter proved himself to be one of the most consistent horses in the land bj the deter mined manner in which lie cut down his field in the ladies' bncelet Mr Gannon officiated as starter, and wes very successful in getting his fields nvva) on excellent terms The following ore ttv» details - HUllDIE IIACF, Of 3 sovs each, with IJO BOVS. added second, 25 sov & lu o miles and a qua-ter Messrs W and .1 Loo a b g Caloola b) Gemma di Ven.) - Vanguard marc, 0 )rs, 1-st 01b (Kolc.hnin) 1 Mr JI Quirks ch g Drummer, 0 jrs, list 01b (Bourke) 2 Mr 1' Ke)sth c. Michael oged, Ost bib (Talbot) . JNinc rate iin o, 4in Jila W.YIKQ HANDICAP, 01 3 sors, each, with IN)sovs.added, tecond,25«on Six furlong Mr J VV ood sehe Recruit by Wirllke-Modesty, Ojrrs. 7st 71b (.Willis) . 1 Mr J Mayos ch h lim Worship 5 yrs, "st 111b (Phoenix) 2 Mr J .Monaghan ni b t Corday, S yra, CtU 121b (Sanders) . 3 Twenty ran. Won cleverly Time, lm. 181s. SELLING HACE, 01 200 tova Winner to bo sold lor 100 sors. Weight for a,e Uno milo and on« ftlrloi ff Mr W Kel oi b g Elliston by Marvellous Wild Wave id Ovrs "st (II Dowell) 1 Mr M Galla hit's br Ii Colstoun *50 0 jr», Sit 31b (o nor) S Mr T Lau ot d ns ch c Pbaon nil, 1 vrs Ost 21b * (Spider) .. 3 liinc ran Time lm Mis. TVTTFnSALL S CLUB CUP, Of 10 sovs. caoh with SOO SOTS, added and ft pleco of I late value 100 sovs., presented bv Mr VV M Cor mick second horso 60 sovs. and third 20 sovs. 1 io lu I s Hon I VV bite a ch t Tempi by Somnu«-White at d Blue 4jrs, Gat 131b including iib penalty (JI Aul He) 1 Mr I stnci,iands b c Ben Bolt 1 jrs Cst Ob (steifer) 2 Mr » Kelso s b m I>H miskin 0 jrs, Ost 41b (M Do eil) 8 Mr I Wil«on Jan s b li Ott Colour 6 jrs 8st 101b (Calle) ) 0 Mr II J Bo tor's b m Minerva 6yrs Sst (Gouch) 0 Mr A Hallt bourg s b h St Lawrence, G yrs, est (banders) 0 Mr A. K Corn« oil ach t lolly, * j ra, 7fit 01b. (Hales) 0 Mr J Wilson kin s br c Ringmaster 8 yu, 7st 41b (Pave) 0 Mr J Wood na br m Sawdust 0 vrs Cat 41b (t¡elder) 0 Mr 1 Mow art a bl o Bon Accord, 8 jrs, Cat (Clarke) 0 Mr M Itvan ns ch t I oeress, 4 jrs, Ost (a Gou"h) 0 VV on caällj T mc, 3ni 3"s TVTTl USALt S ÏVVO V£AB OLD STAKES, Of 10 sov s each with TOO aove, oddcl second horso "usois. a d ti rd °j sol a. I ive furloi is lion J VV I ltc s b c I hllip Aucustus I y C1 cater I h Hin a Ost Including; 71b penalty t Mr D Cooper's ch c Chcuam bj Grand Flaneur -Lady chester 8st iib t Tlir HDILS nUACrLKT, Of 100 sova for winner second hore 20 Mya. One mile. Miss M. Sm thon s b o I éter, by Piscator lhob" 4 jrs tkt "Ib - 1 àYDNry. TBIDAT The following handicapa were issued for the rucing to morrow - Trc M VT TEARS CUT, Of 3 60VS. each with 2.0 sova added Second horse "j soia Six furlonts. st lb t Tempe ciatcako Battailous Cer su and Blue Kathleen lollv H s Worship Coolibah Uri us Ittcru t «a d lit I Ir-t Demon I rocinal Lo ii le Bco Spcculitiou I sptu, lo Bullio i (late Ster lins) Chesham Le ino* » 3 I) O S 12 8 10 Abner Kriu Corday " 1 oeresa . BurrlUU .. , Kurth Morceau *. Killara 1 augh a Ballagh Rebellion Ircemnson Ho\l mi Sister Teresa Surrey V nietta Cenenl Gordon Montem I osubud TboDvnrt Véronique Oolrtlindcr . Toorale Brlcantlne Epaminondas et lb \- _ 7 4 Tin FRFF HANDICAP Of 100 gora, for winner second horso Ono milo and a quarter Tempo Merlin Soldier Boy Peter Battailous Mil en a Ccriso and liluo Metal Dit»i innd De ¡ot Friendship Petdrl . Saw dust . Ronnie Bco 1 byllu Palmoral Recruit Isbmael " Lennox En Dina ~ Trln Ferndale Cutty Sark 1 auch a Ballagh Stanbj n Iramp Rebellion 0 12 ft 10 0 9 V\ ollongons; Morceau Eclipso Brigantina Toorolo . Hoxhain Ct»tiw The Demon HAY RACES. HAT, TRIDAT Tho annual races to day were fairly attended Hie weather was hot and very dusty Ihe following are the results - Maiden 1 late-Rallier 1 Garnet, 2, Brown Duebe H 1 îiovel Itocc-lou li 1 Minerva 2 Uncas 3 Vlaralcerv Handicap of SO sov s One Mile and a Q lorter -VV here s the Cat 1 Robinson Crusoe 2 Sir Hoi rr 1 Time "m 4 a. Tattorsall a Purse -Saxon 1, Hopbush, 2 Minerva S Ficht ran Hurdle Rnco -Sir Henry, 1 Little Dune, 2 Sir Garnet 1 Tho latter fell Hack Race.-Uarl 1 Hopbush 2 MiS3 Beach, 8 Seien rat Ti ii nutter-Robinson Crusoo, 1, Saxon, 2 1 impami a 3 AV EN TWORin RACING CLUB WI NI WORTH FRIDAY The Wentworth am lal race meeting com meneed yesterday Ihe attendance wai a mencre on" and the fields small The weather was extremelj hot over 112 decrees in the shale so that there was not mucu enjov ment to be obtained T he races aro to he continued to daj and from all appearances it will be hotter still The following aro the results - lim ile Race -Messrs. Robertson Brothers Pera. Hv lue Handicap -Messrs W and A Crozier a Miss Mc - .sires Produce Stakes.-Mr A. II Peglers Marla Menl Darling Han heap -Messrs W and A Crozier^ Ilubv 1 Sandal 2 Queen Llizaboth 3. Bool makcis Pur a-Sandal L live others ran. MATHOURA RACES MATHOURA, rntDAT The races held to day were most successful, and there was a large attendance The weather was intensely hot 'Ihe following are tue results - Malden Tlato -Sparkle 1, Ragman, 2 , Sir John 3 Handicap nurdlcs.-The Bub Ost 101b and Bri-aml lOst l"lb a dead heit Lros lost 101b 3. Mathoura Handicap -Govorncss, 7st lilli., 1, Briirand &>t 2 Gnlpur, 'I Handicap Trot-Black Boy, 1 Fanny, 2 , Allee, 1 Selling l_.ee -Hector, 1, Sulphur, 2, Sir John, 3 Forced Handicap-Sparkle, 1, Ragman, 2, Tho Barb t Had. Race.-Annie laurie, 1, Blip», 2, Hector, SOUTH AUSTRALIA. THE ADELAIDE RACING CLUB (Br TELEOHA-H FRO« OUR _OII_E_F-__ENT ) ADELAIDE, TBIDAT. Tim summer meeting was brought to a conclusion to da), the following being the results - nUHDLE RACE. Shaugliran .. .* _, _> ., 1 Acrobat .» .. *. ... £ Camlto . £ nDMAOTTT HANDICAP. Tarpeia . 1 Czarina. . 2 Tclopboue .. . .. _, 8 NEW TEAR'S OUT. Belmont. 1 Tarpeia . 2 Isonomy ... ....... 8 BÎEE-HSaHASE. B.ordOs- . _, ..1 Sweep . .. 2 JILDSUUM.U HANDICAP. Tclonhono . . . .... 1 Czarina . ..2 All fcinoke .... _, S TASMANIA. THE BRIGHTON RACEa HOBART, TRIDAT EVENTOJ. The nnnnal race meeting of the Brighton Race Club came off to day with the following results - Ilunilc Hace.-West Coast 1, Shamrock 2. Mnldc i Plati - Frenchman, 1 Led Astra) 2. Bri-hton 1 late-WHil Wave 1, lteposo 2, Barb, 3 W estoria P) rrhus and lvohal nl*o ran All need btakea.-W estoria, 1, Pocahontas, Borcahs J 1 ree Handicap.-Borealis, 1 I ed Astra), 2 OBSERVANCE OF THE DAY IN THE COUNTRY. GEELONG HIGHLAND GATHERING GEELONG, rnnnr. The Highland Society s gathering took place on the societ)- grounds nt South Geelong, to day A procession of the various societies in Geelong wns lormed nnd marched to the scene of the dav s sports, accompanied b) a bund Ihe proceedings were opened by the president, Mr R Shiria, in a Bhort address, in fhe course of which he apologised (or the absence of their chief Mr Erancis Ormond, who was unable to be present, owin^ to urgent private business, 'lhere were about _ 300 persona present The foi lowing were the resulta of the sports - Quoit Match, distance IS )ds -Paterson, 1, W Prescott 2. A largo number competed Pipe Muslo (Strathspey and Reels)-Wattie, 1, M lunes 2 Throwing Hammer, over lSIb -P Fleming,S3ft Olln , 1 C VV Horne, E3lt Oin 2 Pipo Music Plobaircachel -Wattlo 1, SI'Innos, 2. To slug the Caber -II Horno (35tt lln ) 1, 1> rlaning (33ft sin ) 2 W Horne (32ft Oin ), 3. Mnldcn Hace - Ovefend 1, A .lilies, 2. Iipo Muslo (Marches) -Ferguson, 1, H W Skinner .', Dancing Reel of Tulloch-S S Grant, 1,0 Munro, 2 Narannauscn 1 llandicap 1-oot 1 ace, three distances, 7D0 SOO, and 440 v arils -Tho cup vv lilcli «-as the prl/c for this event wag won b) M Hlckc) b) 11 points, Medien and J. T Hickey being; lecond and third with 10 and 7 points respectively Putting tho Stone, 211b -Swanson, 33ft Sin , 1, Flemlne;, 33tt Sin , 2, Home 29lt 61n , 3. Dancing Strathspe)-s-and Reels.-S. S. Grant, 1, W Baird, 2 , II VV Skinner 3. Kunnin«; High Leap.-Ebblea, 6ft 41D , 1, M'GÜ livray, 2. Pipe Music, Juveniles under 15 -VI alker, 1. Dancing Highland Hing, Juveniles under 15 -J Tait 1 .> Arkinnon, 2. Hurdlo Raco Handicap.-VV Marshall, 17jd«., 1, J Williams, aids. 2 I aimer, 20v da, d. Irsh Jig-J Kinsella, 1, Comb»s 2 Daneit g Hl"hland Hing -Grant, 1, M Rae, S. Standing Hh.h Leap- M CIcllanJ and Burke tied for 4ft Sin Mnal trial In favour of the former Handicap Tlat Race, half a mile -Marshall, I, Combes, i. Gillies J Trlendly Societies Handicap,-Box, 1, Dag, 2, Mnllin, 3 Handicap Bicyolo Rare.-Dawson beat Irongrove, hal lag rtteiv ed a lap and a half start MARYBOROUGH ITIGHLAND GA1ULRING. (BT TELEGRAPH THOM Ouït CORRESPONDENT ) MARYBOROUGH, TniDAT The annual Highland gathering carne off at Prince's park todaj, and wus a great success, nt least 10 000 people being present, including Mr rink, M LA., and most of the other prospective candidates for the coming election lhere was a Inrge contingent of visitors from Ballarat, Sandhurst, and the sur rounding towns, though in Botue instances the railway arrangements were not quite satisfactory A great many Highlanders ap pearcd in the costume of their native heath. There were lai¿e entries for all events. 'Hie principal events were well contested Woolforton, of Dunolly won the \ew J.ear a Gift and Sheffield Handicap, the prireB amounting to i 15 Ihe Maiden Race was won bj Robins, and the Open Bicjcle Race by L. Virtue, of Dunolly, at scratch, who rode a granJ race, and divided the first monej with Bucknall (5">0jirds) 'Hie Waterloo Handicap Quoit Match of ¿50 waa not concluded, owing to the numerous entries TierjUnng passed off very well, and the management waa excellent. '1 he follow ing are the returns of pissengers conveyed to Mirvborough station yesterday -1 ram Ballarat line stations, 1,0% , from St \rnaud line stations, 1,477, irom Castle- maine line st liions 172, from Avoca hue stations, 450 , total, \,T> STAWFLL rim: BRIGADE DILMON bl'RA'HON (BrTFLEORAPn InovtOun ConrtFsroNDETT ) STAW TIA TniDAT The annual fite m eonneition with the Stawell Volunteer Tire Brigade took place to day, and was a great success 1 he weither was fine and cool, and there wis a lart.e attendance of v lailors from Beaufort, Ararat, and Horsham Great interest was taken in the ho3e, reel, und hydrant competitions, in which the Horsham, Beaufort, and Stawell brigades took part 1 he hose competitions fortwonnd three men respectively, were won bybtiwell The following are the results of the principal events - Malden 1 lett -G Proctor 1 Black 2 VioodBt I\Lu year's Gilt two hcits - Won by C1 lroctor, It Walker >_ , w J Dick I Handicap Hj drant Race-C Wood, 1 ; U. Doyle 2. Miners nandicip-J Prior won rather casilj Halt holidaj Handicap -1 Cooper, 1, 1 Kelly, 2. Good raco lourtoon competitors Hosortol Competition (three men)-Fir>t Tics Horsham and Beaufort bjts Stawell No 1 beat Hor shim No J and Beaufort lio 1 beat Horsham ho L, In tho final ties Stawell No 1 beat Beaufort No 1 The Hosu Competition for two tutu was also won by Btawtll with Beaufort second Handicap îiovclty Blcyoio Race.-J Murraj, 1, VV A Whitehead,.,! Herbert, J. SANDHURST CYCLING CLUB SPOUTS (1 ROM OUR CORHESPOhDENT ) SUvDnURST, rniDAT The sports in connexion with the band hurst Cycling Club were continued to tiny, and passed off satisfuctirily Hie weather, which on the previous evening was thr"atcn ing, was nil that could be desired tor out door sports. Ihe attendance was fnir, and the various events were well contested 'Hie following are the results - Half mile 1 ip« £15 -1 lannagan, 1, M Gregor, 2, .haltender 3 Sandhurst Club Bie)clcRaco, ono mile-Howell, 1, 1 belan 2 Uutcl in» \ I rofcsslonal Hic)elo Pnce tío and three miles First pri?o £"210s. ?econl £10 third £5 -Scheele 1 îvcuiiholtcr and Up-till tied for beeond placii, Rolfe 4 District Handicap, 120 ) ards.- V eako, 1, Mourll lion, 2, Chandler, !> CASTLEMAINE SPORTS. C VS-Ll MAINT, rniDAT The Castlemaine Carnival and local chanties sports w ere coneluded to da) 'lhere was a large attendance and a majority of the events were well contested. Ihe lol lowing are the results - Grand Carnival Han Heap l°0)ards-Kell) Castlo maine 0 v ards 1, J W VV csti ood earltou, scratch, 2 D Ilocau K)ucton 10) ards i Firemen s H)drait Hace.-A Heine Sandhurst Tradesmen s Purse-t 1- Simmers Melbourno 20)ards, 1 I_ F Irongrove Maldon 45 )ards _( T Ha) es Campbell a Creek 10) ards J Amateur B e)ele Race two miles-VV Wilson Cas tleinaine loO v is first W iolstrup Castlemaine 1 Ovds second, 1 M Donald lort Melbourne 7o)ds thirl Hurdle Race -W Wilson Metcalfe first D Coates an 1 J M Cra ken both of landale, divided tho second and third | mes bov eral ml or el cuts u ere also contested In the evening an entertainment was given by the 1 nglehawk Minstrels in nid ot the various charities und proved a great success 'Ihe total receipts were about -1-0. WARRNAMBOOL SPORTS. WARRNAMBOOL, TRI-AT The sixteenth annual festivnlof the United Triendly Societies, Warnambool was held to day in the Societies Park Upwards of 400 persons were present, and the day was beiiutitully tine. Hie following are the results of the principal events - Friendly Societies Handicap 1°0 v ards.-J A Tailor 1 J Molau, -, D Christian, J. Iwent) three started Walking Matoh, two miles-Simon Robinson 1 V\ J M Vetch . Siv. started Hurllo Race 121 ) ards-A M Lennan, 1 J M bennie .. O Sadler 3. Llovcn started Obstacle Race - h. Manson 1, J Whito, 2 H Hogdrs 3 -our started Go as ) ou Please Hace -VV Rogers, 1 , J Trickcy, 2\. Twelve started Walking Match one milo and a half-W Trlckoy, 1, VV J liVelgh, 2, J Bailie, 3 Right com pctcd Hurdle Raco 200 ) ards -J M honzle, 1, P J Molan, 2 , J Sadler, J Light started THE HOLIDAY IN THE OTHER COLONIES NEW SOUTH WALEä [BY SPECIAL WIRR] (FROM OUR CORHES-ONDENT ) SIDNEY, rniBAT The New Year s Day festivities passed off very successfully Ihe weather was fine and warm The principal attractions were latter sall s Race Meeting at Tand-vicl which was attended by about IS 000 persons and the Highland gathering on the Association Cricket-ground which drew one of the largest attendances ever Been on the ground. His Lxcellcncy and L-ly Car rington and Binte arrived early and spent about an hour on the ground after which they proceeded to the Randwick Race course, where a very lengthy programme was carried out Ihe special trains lo the races .and the Highland gathering were very larool) patronised There were also numerous har hour excursions and picnics nnd a large number of persons travelled on the newly opened line to Como and Sutherland VICTORIAN TUMORS V SYDNEY SLCOND JUNIORS SYDNEY, TniDAT A match was played to day on the Agn cultural Societ) s ground between the \ ic torian Junior team and a fitteen chosen from the metropolitan and suburban junior asso ciations Hie lollovving are the results ot to day s pla) - VICTORIAN JUNIORS pinsr iNMsas. Johnston 11 vv b Buckle 17 O Hanlon o Col ham bMCaw 13 Roberts b Huckle 13 Sn ith c Buist b Buckle 0 Bundo b B icklo . IS Harvc) runout . 0 Arinstrolio I Bucklo 2 Dr) hda o not out 22 Ro) c M Ehliiii ey, b Bucklo . 0 Lui ett b M Grav J Marshall not out 8 Sundries _ 7 Mnc vv Ickcls for 123 S.DNLV SECOND JUNIORS FlttST 1NMS0- ' _^ Atkinson b Marshall 0 W HU "d ile o Armstrong b Harvey 22 Huelles o Uuncle b Harvey J Gllfard -Linne« b Harvey 0 Harrington b Llunett 10 M Lib liney cDr)sdale b Harvey _ 4 Buist b Harvey 0 Bradley st Roberts b Johnston 1 Callow ay, b Harvey . 0 Cobham, b lol liston 13 hov eil c Halve) b Johnston 1 lort not out .. 3 Bucklo b Johnston 0 M Ora v c Marshall b Johnston 0 Sundries _, 2 Total 11 [Tho seoro of one pla) or 1 as apparcntl) been otnlttc 1 ] Boive-ts. A-ALVRia.-Marshall b4 balls '8 luns 1 mallen 1 vvlclct Drvxdalc 30 balls le runs 1 malden Har») 1°0 balls 33 runs 0 maidens 7 wickets H-bcrti 30 balls 10 runs 2 maidens, Llnnctt JJ balls 10 run« J maidens lv.lclit Arm strong. 30 balla, 0 nina, 2 maidens, 2 wlckota. Smith, 24 balls, 1 run, 3 maidens, Johnston, 13 balls, 8 runs, 3 wickets. QUEENSLAND. BRISBANE, riUDAT. The holiday to diy wiis generally observed There were no public amusements, but the various steamboat excursions were well patronised, and a large number of persons travelled by rail to Sandgate and other places. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, FRIDAY. The holiday wai celebrated in the most general way The principil attractions were the regatta at Port Adilatde, which was a treat success, and was attended bj about 20,000 Deople , and the race meeting on the old Adelaide racecourse. The traflic by the railways and tramways wan exceed ingly large, the seaside resorts being cspe emily patronised TASMANIA. HOBART, TriDAT To day was observed as a general hohdiv There were numerous excursions, all of which passed off well. 