MARTIN DEVERIL'S DIAMOND. All Kiuuth llnar.nvF.n.j A N O V E L BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of "Jacoiw's Wife." ifce. CHAPTER XX.— (Continued.) "That is not what I want, saw raniine, 111 a repressive tone. "Listeu tome, Cicely. You need not begin to dress yourself. All that 1. have come for is your permission for him to en- ter this house. He need disturb nobody— the garden-room would supply him with warmth and shelter for one night." " Why do yon ask me ? Did I not always say that he should never cross the threshold of my house?" cried Cicely, impetuously. "Has ho forced you to coino and ask 1110 this question ? Then I say, No ! " " You will not say no when you learn the circumstances. I must sec him and spout: to him at once. No delay is possible." " And why 1101 V" "I must try to got that Rtolon property away from him, and I must put him on hiu guard." " What, against old Dcvcril ?" " Against Deveril and Joel Bray." " I shouldn't," said Cicely. "I should let liim got what he deserves. 1 would not lift a finger to help hiin." " Von would if yon were his wife." " I should if I were au angel ; not unless J were 1" " We are losing time, Cicoly. You have the key of the gardon-rooiu iu your littlo basket. Will vou let ine have it ?" Cicely turned to a small table beside her bed, ; silent ly detached 0110 of a large bunch of keys and handed it to Pauline. "Do as you please, dear," she said. "T should toll iiiui logo to the inn and come again at a proper hour to- morrow morning; but I have no doubt that you know best." " Tf I sent him to tho inn," answered Paulino, " tho whole village would bo ringing with his return by to-morrow morning, and Martin Dcvcril would know that lie had. found the man, for whom bewails. If wo shelter him to-night I hope to make terms with liitn, ami get him out of the house and away to London by break nf day ; and then — then— I shall be able to thank you, Cicely; but not before." Her voice had trembled, but sho turned to the door with a perfectly steady face. Cicoly sprang to her side, put her arms round her neck and kissed her. " You need never thank tno," she said. " Do what you like. The whole house is at your service. I love vou too well to doubt you, whatever you do." As she relaxed her hold her eyes fell upon an object which stood beside her basket upon the table. She took it up eagerly and offered it to Pauline. "Take my revolver with you," she said, "I always keep it loaded in case burglars make their appearance. I am sure that .Robert Lo Breton is worse than any burglar." " Then vou had better keep it," said Pauline, with the ghost of a smile. " 1 think I can pro tect myself in other wavs." She laid the shining little weapon back upon the table, close to Cicely's pillow, aud left the room. As she descended the stairs she did not hear a door upon the landing open softly behind her. A prying, watchful face came forth; a dark figure with cat-like steps followed hor as she made her way to the glass-door. Carnfortli was 011 the alert. Mrs. Be Breton unfastened the door and ut tered her husband's mime. He appeared out of tho shadows with a dark and sullen face, and angry words upon hi tongue. " Why have you kept me out here so long ? " he naked. "I'm wet through pretty nearly. I. had a good mind to knock boldly and tell them to let me iu. What would you have done if I had ? " Pauline made no answer. Sho hold the door open and let him enter, then locked and bolted it once more. She had no light and the passage in which they stood was very dark. Not many yards from them Caruforth had wedged her self into a niche in tho wall ami was listening anxiously to every one of their words and movements. Her only fear was lost Mrs. Lc Breton should strike si match and light the lamp in the passage, iu which ease she could not hope to escape detection. But Mrs. Le Breton did uot seem to require a light. "Give me your hand ; I will lead you," she said, iu a low, clear tone. "Tread, softly, Robert, aud do not speak for a minute or two ; the servants might overhear you and couic down." Lc Breton muttered some angry ejaculation below his breath 5 but I10 seemed desirous to satisfy her and made an ctt'ort to move quietly. The husband and wife passed closo to tiic cor ner in which Carnfortli had bestowed herself. Carnforth hold her breath till they had turned into the wide hall beyond tlio passage. There was a light burning in the hall and the maid caught a gliuipso of the man's face as Pauline dropped his hand and led the way. Sho KtarLed with open mouth and eyes : presently a disjointed sentence or two fell from her lips. " Why, if it ain't Robert Le Breton ! Thought to be drowned at sea, too I ami now come back at midnight and let into Miss Cicely's own house ! What's the world coining to, I wonder 1" She bestirred herself to follow the intruder. It seemed that Mrs. Le Breton was leading the way .to Alias Lorraine's garden-room, which was seldom entered by any one but Cicely herself. Its separate door into tho garden made it a convenient hiding plaeo for Robert Lo Breton. The fire iu the grate was still alight ; there was a broad sofa on which he could rest ; ami the kitchen and larder wore 30 closo that he could easily be supplied with food. Carnforth waited aud spied whilst Airs. Le Breton stirred the tire, turned up the gas, and Hot food before the tuau who had so strangely and unexpectedly appeared upon the scene. At first little conversation passed between the two ; but when Lc Breton' bodily wauts were satirttlod, it was plain that ho wished to discuss some matter with bis wife. Carn- forth's curiosity was by this time greatly excited. Sho bethought herself of a large store-cupboard which had been let into tbe wall betweou the garden-room and an ad joining apartment. There, surely, sho would be able to hear something of what was passing. She hastened to hide herself within it ; but she had little rowartl for the pains she took. The wall was so thick that she could scarcely hear more thau an occasional word or two. Now and then, when tho voices were raisod, sho caught a name, a phrase, an ejaculation ; but hardly enough even on which to found a theory. Carnforth was nearly as iuuch puzzled at the closo ot her eaves dropping as she had been be fore. " Well," said Robert Le Breton, as he fin ished his supper, and turned somewhat suddenly Lo his wife, who had waited in silonco for the conclusion of his meal, " will you tell me now what all this flummery rneau?." "What fluiumcrv ?" "This lie of Hoveril's— or whatever his namo may be." " Don't you know his unme ? " "Hang it all I" exclaimed Lo Breton, with, sudden violence ; " will you leave oil' this beating about tho bnsli and tell me what you know about Deveril and his cursed diamond ? " "I know this : that, after preteuding to assist him, aud having left one of the men who had CrevlouBly attacked him bound to a tree in the iaziug snu, you treacherously struck him down : thou, thiuking that ho was dead, you robbed hiui of a number of precious stones and left him in the middle of the road. I presume that vou were interrupted in yonr work or you would have thrown him ovor the precipice." She saw from tho change which passed across his face that Doveril'a story had been strictly true. Rage, hate and fear would not else' have been so legibly imprinted upon his countenance. He aoswered witu a vehement denial of the charge. Paulino looked at him contemptuously. "You are not very wise, Robert," sho said coldly. " You never know whou it is your intorest to Bpeak tho truth. You had much bettor trust me. I might be useful to you if I knew the whole story ; half truths aro daugerous things." " 1 know that when yon do choose to help a fellow you can do it well, Polly. You've a bettor head than I have, any day. But as for old Dovcril's tale, why " " Is it 110c true V" said Pauline, keenly regard ing him. He hesitated, looked at hor furtively from benoath his bushy, dark eyebrows, aud then, tried to laugh. "Snpposo it wore " ho said. "Is it true, or is it not true ? " " SVoll, Polly, it's trno in the main. There was a little acullle, and I did think that ho was dead and that I might coustituto myself hia lawful heir. Bless your heart, if nobody never did anything worse than that 111 tho colonies wo should lead a quiet life, and no mistake." Paulino's delicate eyebrows, her mobile mouth, and quiet eyes expressed a degree of- scorn which even Robort Lo Broton could not inistako, although sho did not speak a word. " Confound it I " ho said angrily ; " what aro you staring at me in that way for ? " "I was wondoring how many more false hoods you meaut to tell," said uis wifo with cool contempt. "It is extraordinary to mo> that you do not soo how much more to your own advantage it would bo to speak tho truth sometimes. I suppose it is Impossible to vou. Well, lot us take, all tho Btory for granted. I want no more details. I only wish you to understand ono thing that Alartin Dovoril, the old man whom you tried to murder, and Joel Bray, tho miner (who became mad from the effects of your cruelty), aro both in Englaud, waiting for you— Deveril, In order to put you in prison for robbery ; Joel Bray, iu order to avongc his wrongs by rather more violent mea sures. I know whore thov arc ; I could givo you up to them if I choose." " But you dou't choose, Polly ? You would n't do It." " I thought you said that you were inno cent ?" , " You wouldn't give me up— even if I had robbed tho old follow, would you, Polly ?" " I have uot many scruples about it, Robert. I am not euro that I ought not to givo you up, I am very sorry for that poor old man. Hu heart is set upon finding you." ILo uttered a groan of impatience. Sho smiled at it 5 she played with liiui us a cat plays with a mouse. " It might be my duty. You have been a bad husband to >»o : might wish to be revenged." Then suddenly she changed her tone. " Come, Robert," she said, " .1 do uut want to be hard upon you, but if you will tell mo tho whole story, and promise urn one or two things that I am going to ask, then T w ill help you to elude the search of Martin Deveril. But I will have the Htory and the promise first." "You shall have the whole story," said Lo Breton doggedly. " And, if you don't like it, it won't be my fault." lie told the truth this time, art far as it was in his nature to tell tho truth at all. JIo gavohor a fairly acnurato account of tho miner's attack upon Martin Deveril, and did not try to conceal tho fact that ho had been anxious to obtain possession of the diamond for hiuiHolf, " Bur, hang it ! " he concluded, " tlicro wnan't a stone iu the lot tlmt was worth the risk I run. Now tell me whero old Dcvoril is ?" "If I tell yon, will you go away aud leavo main peace? Will you agree to my staying hero, and not write to me, or troublo 1110 again? And will you tell me what has become ut the stones ?" " You're hard on a fellow," said Le Breton, sullenly. "I wanted you to go with me to America. I've never cared for any woman m I caro for you, Pauline. Yon always suited mo down to the ground. You know all my ways. But I suppose that I shall not get you away from Lady well very easy ; vou'vp got too good a berth to throw it; "up in a harry. All right; I won't bother you to come. Ouly, just tell mo where Deveril in, that J. may keep out of his way and I'll bo off and never trouble you again. The stones ? I lost cverr 0110 of tficm when I was swept overboard ; \ swear I did." "You had better leave the house before dav- break, then," said Pauline, with perfect tran quility ; "for Martin Deveril lives in Lady- well, and you will hardly escape hiui if you show yourself in the open street." CHAPTER XXI. — L12 Breton's Retreat. " Then what am I to do ? " said Lo Breton, starting up with a look of terror. "Let 'me go now." "Sit down ; you arc safe enough. Were you seen by any person who knew you as you entered the village ? " " No — t think not. I came after dark." « Why ? " " Well, don't you soo, roily," said Lo Breton, half apologetically, "I didn't know what terms you were on with tho Lorraines. If you were friendly with them you might perhaps have had an interest iu putting them up ton thing or twe that happened when I was in their employ; there were one or two sliudv little transaction! which I think never came to their ears exactly, although you knew all about them." "Aly God, yes! Was a woman ever before dragged through such mire of shame and iu- fumy as that through which vou dragged me!" " Don't bo a fool, Polly. .1 didu't know, you see, whether you might not have revealed all these littlo matters to Phil Lorraine " "Yes, 1 have," said Pauline, contemplating him steadily. "You have I " He rose un with a crvof rape. clenched his hand as if to strike her, and cuIIlnI her by an ugly name. "And'whatdid you do that for ? " " Becaii'-c I would not live under the Lor raines' roof tiuless they knew how much my husband had robbed and defrauded them. £ told them everything I knew. I would do it again if it were necessary.' "And you spoke just now about your duty to your husband 1 Bo much for your line talk. I'll make vou repent it yet." " You cannot do that. You need not ba afraid, Robert. Tbe Lorraines will not prose cute you unless I give them tho word to dose. Philip has promised me that. But if you trouble ine again— you see you are iu my power in two ways, as regards the Lorrniues aud as regards Alartin Deveril. Bo be care ful." "The shortest way out of tbe business would be to treat you as I did old Deveril." "Aud precipitate your own fate. Cicoly knows what I know. Cicely knows that you are here. She would have none of my scruples about sur rendering you up to justice. If I wore dead, she would act." Lc Breton uttered another angry oath, but lib arms fell to his side. He began to see that iris wife's words were no idle boast ; that he was far more completely in her power tliun he bad yet imagined himself to be. He felt that he ought to try conciliation, but he lacked tho liner element of self-control which only would have mudo such a course possible to him. lie was mentally too clumsy to perforin the part which Fate seemed to havu marked out for him. Uo might be a vulgar criminal ; ho could not rise to tho heights of accomplished villany for which the way was clear. Ho would bluutlcr to the very end, and, through blundering, lose his prize at last. Bo he still growled aud grumbled at his wife. " What made you tell the Lorraines at all, If you did not mean them to prosecute? To blacken my name, I suppose." " No: iu order to defend myself if over you returned. I think I was wise!" "Is Phil Lorraine as soft about you as ever? Can you still twist hiiu round your littlo linger as you used to do V" " Robert," said his wife, with some emotion, "even if L forgave you all the rest, I could never forgive you tho way in which you tricked and deceived Lhal man, from the time when you half-coaxed, half- trapped uie into my marriage with vou, to the last day of your con nection with the firm. You duped liim from first to last. 1 believe now that hu let hiuiscii be duped out of pity for myself; but lwill never forgive yon for it — never !" Le Breton looked at her with an ugly succr upon his face. " I wonder that, when you thought I was dead, you did not make up to him," lie said slowly. " You heard of tbe accident on board ship be fore his wedding day, didn't you ? Why didn't you go in and win, eh, Polly?" She did not answer. The degradation of her union with this mau had never seemed so pain fully apparent to her as it was now. She pressed her bauds tightly together aud looked away. " It might have been awkward when I came back, that's all," contiuued her tormentor. "You would have found yourself in a wrong box then, eh, old girl ? "Well, I don't blame you for not ruuning the risk. And he's mar ried now, isu'L he ? Some lino lady of title, Clifford Vargravc's cousin. Which brings mo to what I was going to say. By -thc-by, don't you want to know how I got back to Eng land ?" "No," said Pauline, apathetically. "It U quite enough for mo that you are here." "Ah, yes. Too much joy all at once would be overwhelming, wouldn't it? Well, it docs not signify. The only thing to bo told ia that I had a .scuiilo with that brute Kinglako on tbe way; more by token of it, here's the mark of his stick, curse his impudence I" and ho called bis wife's attention to u red mark upon bis check. "But I gave him as good as ho gave inc. thank goodness. He wont stir out of his bed for a week to come for tho thrashing I gave him." "Do you mean Mr. Giles Kinglako?" said Pauline. " Yes, I do, A low, mean, sneaking cur, with no good about him. It's no use his preteuding that he doesn't know mo ; we've had plenty ot dealings together, aud I could oxposc him any day I chose. Steer clear of him if you want to keep out of mischief." " Do you know any ill of him ?" said Pauline, keen 1 j' searching his face with her clear eyes. "Know ill of liim ! I should just think I did. Why, he's tho biggest swindler out. Gets up bubble compauiea, and absorbs tho money of the widow and the orphan ; that's the sort of man. Rail away with a pretty girl, and treated licr so badly that sho died before tbe year was out, leaving liim with a boy, whom hu lamed by a blow when tho child was two years old. These aro facts, I know. He's try ing now to repair his fortunes by a good mar riage; so if he comes down here, creeping and crawling about Cicoly Lorraine, youll know what lio's after." "Have you wen Clifford Vargravo since yonr return V" said Mrs. Le Breton after a moment's thought. It seemed to her that one or two of these accusations had been lightly hinted to hor and to Cicely at various times by Clifford himself. "Went to see liim once— found him much too great a swell to have nuything to do with tno now. Ho'a gone on tho respoctablo tack ; not that ho was very far out of it — oven for your taste." and Le Breton uttered a rude but un easy laugh. His voice lmd become constrained, his eyes shifted from place to place. Ho was acting a part for some reason, thought Pauline ; but for what reason should ho vilify Giles Kiuglako and. try to make it appear that Clifford VaTgrave had cast off his less reputable old associates ? Mrs. fc Broton believed neither of bcr husband's accu sations, anil uierelv oust about iu bur mind for his motive in making them. Tbcro was one very possible motive. If ho and Clifford wero on friendly terms, he would honelit by Clifford's marringo with Cicely Lorraine. If lie and Giles ICinglake wero enemies, ho might suspect tho nature of Cicely a interest iu Mr. Kinglako, aud think that he could serve his own purposo by- throwing dirt on that gentleman's name and fame. Enough had been said to make Pauline become suddenly wishful lo change their plans. She had meant to rid herself of Robert Lo Breton for ever. But if he wero concerned with Clifford Vargravo in machinations against Cicely's peace, it bohoved hor, as Cicely's friend, to discover aud defeat them. There fore, it would be better for her not to lose sight of Robert Lo Breton for tho present. She turned upon him with a faint smile. "Thank you for your information. Robert. I shall be glad to hoar any details concerning thoeo ftcntlcmcn that you can give mo. They have lOth been to the houso, and I think that wo shall seo mora of them, nud I am bound to keep an eyo on everyono who comes, ioi Cicely's sake." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 