GENERALITIES. No one ever bears any complaint of a misfit when an old house tries on a coat of paint. If yon want to know how small a man is, give him an office or let him become suddenly wealthy. Wagner composed only eleven operas. The earthly supply of noises being then exhausted, he very wisely stopped. A new style in bonnets is trimmed with asses' ears. The little birdB will now be given a partial rest, but the dudes ere liable to suffer. "Thetingle scull race!" exclaimed an old lady, as she laid down the paper. " My gracious I I didn't know there was a race of men with double sculls," A new street has just been constructed in Bergen, Norway, out of the proceeds of the liquor licences. It has been appropriatelv named " Drammensvel," or in English " Gropway." Gay old gentleman to boy on twelfth birthday— I hope you will improve in wisdom, knowledge, nil vtrf.iiA " Pmr nnlitolv Mf.nwninu Anmnlimonl;. and virtue." Boy, politely returning compliment, totally unconscious of sarcasm—" The same to you, sir!" IN Vino Veritas.—Host—" Now, Admiral, don't be afraid of the wine. Admiral—" Ah I but if I get seas over I shan't be able to steer homeward." Host—"Oh, you can't hurt if you keep to the port!" Said a Magistrate to an actress—"Your profes sion, mademoiselle!" "Artiste." "Your age!" " Twenty-two." " Usher, you can now swear the lady to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth." More about Mad Dogs.—Fred—"Oh, yes. Miss Dashaway, there's not the leaBt danger in hunting with my pack. Yon Bee I've had them all muzzled." Dianna—"Yes; but how about killing the fox?' (Strange be had never thought of that.) "Mary," said a mother to her daughter, "has Henry proposed yet?' " Not yet, Mamma, but I think he will before many days." " What makes you think so?' "Because he asked me if you expected to live with me if I married, and I told;him no." The following epitaph, says a contemporary, is still to be seen on a tombstone in Brightwell Churchyard— Be lived to 105, hearty and strong, 100 to 6 you don't live as long. The latest thing in practical joking at a pyro technic display is to tie a strong thread to a friend's bat, attach the other end to a sky rocket, and get him to let it off. The delight of the victim is un bounded, and the experiment meets with great success. Mrs. Brown—" What do you think! Mrs. Godol phin has just returned from Paris with several thonsand dollars' worth of bric-a-brac that she could have purchased just as cheap at home." Mr. Brown—"Yes, I know; she bought it at my store yesterday afternoon." Bealism.—Pittite—" If you want realism, my boy, go to the Boyal Theatre and see the bobby in the third act arresting the burglar just as that worthy is collaring the family plate." Friend—".That real ism 1 No, that's what isn't realism. I want to see things as they actually do occur!" School Board visitor, while examining a scholar— " Where is the North Pole ?' " I don't know, sir." "Don't you! Are you not ashamed that you don't know where the North Pole is?' "Why, sir, if Sir John Franklin, and Dr. Kane, and Markham couldn't find it, how should I know where it is!" "My dear fellow, bow glad I am to meet you again. It is years since we parted. You look well, bealtby, flourishing." " Ob, yes ; I'm enjoying my patrimony. And you; bow bare you been 1 Ion look rather ill and out of sorts." "Yes ; I've been enjoying my matrimony. Difference of sea in for tune between^us, that's all." " Say, waiter, this turbot is rank." " Humph 1" "It's not fresh." "Can't say, sir, I've only been bere a week." A young dramatist brings a manu script to the Manager of a theatre—" LiBten 1" said the latter. " I haven't time to read all that. Ex plain to me the subject of the piece I" "It's an original work in four acts!" "Yes, yes; very good; tell me of what it treats ?" " Well, in the prologue the grandfather and grandmother are poisoned." " Well—and then V" " In the first act they assassi nate the son !" " Good ; go on !" "In the second act they Btrangle the window." "Not bad—and then 7" "In the third act they throw the baby out of the window." "Ah, but who is left to play the fourth act?" "Aha! the ghostB of the victims— didn't I tell you it was original ?' Comparisons are odious.—" Say 1 wouldn't you have done the very same thing under the circum stances?' queried Walter Britton, as he toed the mark. "I am not on trial," replied the Court. "I know it, but s'nosen you had a wife who was always pecking at you ?' " Prisoner, there is no supposing tothia case. You are charged with drunkenness and disorderly conduct." " I expect I am, Judge, but see here. S'posen you went home at night after a hard day's work, and your wife." " Prisoner!" " Judge, s'posen your wife met you at the door and called you bad names as fast as her tongue could fly ? S'posen" '' Prisoner, are you guilty or not guilty ?'; " Judge, s'posen you were in my place, how would you plead ?' " I find you guilty and sentence you for thirty days." "You do, eh ? Now, Judge, I wouldn't do that by you I S'posen your wife should—" " Bemove him!" He was removed, but he retired supposing.—Detroit Free Pries. A dashing Washington widow, who bad received marked attention from a very popular and gallant physician, found herself suddenly deserted. Her Esculapius, aged 62, was completely enthralled by a beauty of IS, and on Christmas morning the wedding took place with all due pomp. Wormwood for the widow! She swallowed it bravely, wore an undaunted front, and was among the first to offer hurried congratulations to the happy pair. The con versation turned upon Christmas gifts, and the bride said, laughing gravely, " All my wedding presents were sent just before Christmas, so on Christmas moming I had not a single gift." "Ah, my dear, that is cruel; you had me,' said the bride groom, reproachfully. Before the pretty bride could answer, the widow's eyes grew dangerous, and, swinging slowly her large fan, she murmured, " Surely, my dear Mrs. X., you should be more than satisfied, for you know antiquities are all the rage." In the awful silence following the widow rose, carefully arranged her draperies, and bowed her adieu in stately serenity. Dr. X and his bride never returned the call. 