mesraphie Intelligence. [FBOV ODK TKLBQKAPHIC AGENTS.] CROYDON (via Creen Creek), Frid?Y. A crashing of 50 tons of stone from the No. 3 King of Croydon, Georgetown, is looking, by tbe amalgam in boxes and plates, as if it would go 20oz. t<> the ton. A twenty-fourth share in tbe Highland Mary' No. 2 South was sold yesterday for £250. BRISBANE, Saturday. The tritat number of immigrants nominated in the colony for the month of September amounts to 903. of irhow 801 are British. The Customs collections at Brisbane for tbe ~ month of October amount to £40,084, showing a decrease of £15,687 as compared with last year. The amount for October last year was the largest ever collected in one month, Monday. , A Conner special cable says Charters Towers south, seventy-five thousand announced. Owing to Government warning the mines have generally declined. The Tim en says a wholly fictitious value lias been placed on many Queensland mines in order to impress the market. Uelbdcbne, Saturday. MELBOURNE RACES. Melbourne Stakes : leonomr, Boolka, Bravo. Hot-ham Handicap: Claptrap, Hexham, Lancer' The Maribyrnong Plate: Hortense, Hunting tower.|Bedouin. The Victorian Derby: Trident,. Chesham, Aglaos. SelingRace.-Huron. The Ghost, Stafford. Coburg Stakes. - Daystar, St. John, Hogmanay. MELBOURNE, Monday. The attendance at Flemin^ton on Saturday was the largest ever known on a Derby day. The Vice-regal box contained the Governors of Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia and Tasmania, Admiral Tryon, Ladies Loch, and ot her distinguished personages. I The course was in splendid order, and the racing was of the very highest class. Trident was staunchly supported for the Derby to the Last. I Volcano cut out the running at- a desperate I price until uuder the hill, when, hugging the i r iils too closely, he struck them, and cut his Mioulder; and after Chesliani. pulling doub'e, then went to the front. Volcano, in falling back, caused Chesham to lose ground ; it was seen that Hales was riding for his life ; tbe cxciteroent was intense; a loud shout was raised and the favorite was beaten ; at the distance Robertson, who still bad a sf rong pnll on Chesham, but answering gal lantlv ere y whip stroke, Trident caught Him at the h-df distance, au<l Chesliain tiring sud denly, the favorite won the blue rilibon by tw<> lengths. The horses and riders received deafening cheers. Two or three horses were heavily backed on Sa'ur.lar night for the Cup-inure notably is-nioun-who has advance! to 7 to I; tli«* belting now on the favorite, about whom £>i0ij lo £300 had been accepied aft-jr his I)' i by victmy, did not travel at ail asaunngly ' in the market, *s 4 to I, and iu af«vrinstances 5 to I, was off-re.l without a-y responses, fronton camo wi-.h a great run, a big wager of £10,009 t > £7.00j hems accepted in ou<* hand. M-lici was liacktd at the 6line figur-. Ben 11 'I". Meter, and 1 iltle J<>hd were ca<-h men tio ied, some lively speculation following. 'Jhe j latest quotations are 4 to 1 Beu Bolt and f iltle John, tak';n ; 14 to 1 Trenton, Malua, and Silv»rmine : -0 to 1 Arsena', Sheet Auchor and : HexI'.ain. A joint, message from the Governors of Australian colonies has been sent to Stanhope requesting information as to the steps proposed to ne taken to s' rengthen thi* naval defence of the Ausl r.i i.iii stations in the event of an out- < l>r.-nk of liosti ides involving Kngland. It is understood t hit the Australian Government and the adinirality arc agreed as to the neces sity of augmenting permanent navai forces on Australian waters, but tlvrc is some difficulty with regard to the apportionatc cost, and in aav case considerable time must elape before the new vessels required could be constructed. In the meantime, in view of the aspect of affairs on the continent, it was deemed advisable to strengthen the naval squadron for the protection of merchant shipping. A joint communication from the. Governors is regarded as the most likely means to bring about a prompt and satisfactory under standing. ADELAIDE, Sunday. 1 Afl^iSScfon against 'fifteen South Australians. The scores of the English men, who remained at-the' wickets all day, are 1 as follows:-Shrewsbury, 100; Scotton, 27; Barnes, 84; Barlow, 13; Read, 0; Gtinn, not out, 13 ; Bates, not out, (J; sundries, 6; tn»-l five wickets for 255 runs. 