?novelist. PUT ASUNDER. OB ? LADY CASTLEMAINE'S DIVORqE. ' AUTHOR OF; 'IIIS OXE MISTAKE,' ' THBOW3C ON THE WOBD,'| 'A STEUGGLE FOB A BISG,' ..... 'A .BITTEB ATONEMENT,' ETC. -'J ' ' 1 CHAPTER LL.— Continued.) ? ? ? I 'It is not my- fault; I have written to yofl I have asked yoa to come and see me. jl have asked if I could not see yon in London ? ' 41 I gee do one I 'I go nowhere,' said Lord Castlemaine, ha3tny. ' Now I look at yon, I think yoa are a little changed, too, Isabel/' ' I wonder I*am;not altogether changed, tmvirn sink With C&.TB and sorrow. I conld no longer endure my anxiety aboat yoa. I fancied yoa might be dying , here alone. Bo, without saying a word to any one, I'came here. I took a lodging | at the organist's cottage,' and finding you were at the abbey, I came ovct to see you — to urge you to do what yoa should do.' { .' And what -should I do?' j 'Yoa should fOrgst yoar past; you should shake oil your gloom and make a'newj life in the fature. A. man in your position owe3 \- duties to hia country and society. It pay be hard for yoa to come back, bat it seems to me yoa are untrue to yourself and to yobr-race when you shut yourself up to brood and die. Beturn to pablio life, return to social life ; yon can yet And happiness and be useful.'j Lord Castlemaine shook hia. head. J 44 There are enough to do the public work yea speak of. Society dcea cot need me, anfr I am devoting myself diligently to thejeare ol my tenantry, to. the improvement |of the laboring classes, and progress of edacatioa in the ccdntry. For the rest I am a broken man.' I 'I- know — I know,' cried Isabel, 'an apathy ?posFesee yoa. I want to rouse yoa from it. Yoa have given up everything. Even in the matter of divorce the caBe is at a Stand still.' I X a 'There will be no divorce,' said Lord Castlemaine, slo.wly. | ' And why nofr? Given that, yoa would be free of the past and once more be happy. Gertrude certainly fled from you.' | , 'I think possibly in that act she was Raftering from mania or hallucination] and to secure a divorce on that ground would be persecution' j ' Yea make me angry, angry for youij sake 1' cried Isabel. 'You -were the one wronged and persecuted from the beginning. Ob, Ger trude was sever worthy of yon. It ma|kes my heart achfc to see yoa ciinging to a memory of a love that at best was an Hlaaivo| fancy. When given the joy of being yoar wife, her heart was not great enough to appreciate her place— she scorned your bappine«3, trampled on your wishes. At lest I have felt it my duty to try and reuse yoa from fruitless B^ief by tilling you tbat yoar idol was always and onlj day.' . I ' Don't Hush, Isabel I' entreated L'»rd Caatlemaine.. f' I can now remember nothinp ' that once -angered me; I only recall her as my lovely and loving wife, with whom I was 1 and might have alway* b*en bo happy if I bad cot been too hcrsh and ,h&*tv.' 'Yoa barlhand haqty I Yoa wring your self. and yod are all wrong about ber. Ger trude was. not loving— ebe was a spoiled, capricious beauty. Can yoa not sec it yet? She had been trained by an ambitious mother, and her pride was gratified at ber suHden aod easy, conqucst of the Earl of Castlemaine. But here was a fickle fancy, and an inordinate vanity. She was born a coquette, and desired to sen all men at her feet. To conquer Colonel L*nnox, who had been vfctorlou* over so many hearts, was her pride, and to Indojfce-'that pride she would scorn your love, BDame* your honour, mock your command*. Ob, after all this, can you lovo her Mill V 41 Miss Ilyde, yoa were her friend 1' 'lUttl I vfAf your friend.. I knew you first ; and when I met her I read her Well; I understood your Infatuation ; I tried to warn yoa; end when I could not save yob, I set jnyeelf to the Uekoi making her more worthy of yoa. I tried to rouse her pride In your lofty name— her respect for yout liniage; I tried to save her from herself aud ner follies ; 7 thought if I trer* with her I could prevent her from committing errors— could help mould her ta«tc4 to yours— could prevent collisions between yoa. I set xny whole heart on etvioff you from th&mo; aod ditgrice, and I have failed.' \ Lord Castlemaine lo- .1 up slowly; ho spoke quietly. I .1 | 'JjsflbeJ, a newer njo,V fou uavr Colonel Lennox «ften; you saw hi J when be lodged at tha organist's. 'Tell m«, why did you meet hia. as you did 7' * I Isabel had soft thought tbat this was knowiJ. Hbaknew nothing of the poacher, long alnee happy in Canada. But, nothing daunted, 'he made prompt reply ; ? 'Why did 1 7 Can you not see that, like all mr other acta, it van for yoa ? I did not .car* for Colonel Lennox; I disliked mm; It* t vat too jrtat a contrail U) you. He disliked | When I found that I could not prevent |«-£truda'i mad folly in attempting a conquest Kot mm, and proving to yoa bow little weight jyopy authority had, I was so desperate In m/ W P Jon»fo «*w yon from all tbfi mtSXt r?* 00 y°a ®od wrecked yoar life. HJJii-S life In darkness, and of your aid j tShlnder would not llftenl I tried BfTthHiS P010®^ imnQj. I appealed to tempPher no with her, I failed. 13'it it waa for you, not for them ; I did it all tor yoa.' ' I cannot understand yoa,' said Lord Castlemainr, uneasily. ? 'Lookback. It jmember those early daya of our friendship ; the winter before yoa met Gartrodo; who was your friend then? Was not' I the ono joa fought? Were we not of tencst together? Who so well as I could tbare all yoar aspirations, understand your plans, e-mpftthi30 in your pride of a. noble race? Did we ever disagree? Whose talk interested ybu as mine did ? Had I not more ambition for yoa than yoa had for yourself? Did I not urg-» you to give yourself to politics, to besom* a power in tbe country fn ? ' We wzre indeed warm friends,' said Lord Castlemaine. 'And I waa worthy of your friendship; and I am one who will give a friendship unreservedly, and' not limit ita dieplay. I ?desired your happiness; and when your infatuation for Gartrude made it impossible to r me to give yoa bapj:inesf, except-through her, the-D I dcvoteu myself to trying to make ber worthy of. you, to warding danger from your home; and I failed. It was not my fault that I failed. If yonr happiness had Been in my hands primarily, you never would have known any sorrow.' M I did not understand Gertrude. I should have made allowance?. She was young, inexperienced, indulged. If I had been more tender, lc3s dictatorial, had left ber less alone in society,, had daily won her confidence more gently 1 Ob, I know my own errors, when it ia too late I' ' That ia madness 1 ' said Isabel, restrain* ing her voic?, but her soul waa in a -turmoil of jealous fury at bis words. ' There never was a man io deceived. Did she try to gloss over your faults, or what ^ahe called your faults? Did ahe not make a jest of your honest pride of race ? The stories of the house of Castlemaine were her theme of sarcasm. She despised you because you .were given to pursuits of peace. Men of war, like Colonel Lennox, were her heroes, as redcoated soldiers are heroes of bar-maids. She accused you of pride, of tyranny ; ishe j loved to vex you. When she. had grown I weary of Colonel Lennox, ahe woaTB have amused herself and tortared you by flirting with somo one else.' | u You are wrong. I am.HH| you misjudge j her. And, at all events, r-.^Htbcr ahe is yet my wife.' 'I do not wish to remember it. Break that tic. which ia now virtually noil and | void. Take ap a new life ; marry some one worthy of yoa; make a tour of the world, . and fn two or three years return ; open these olosed doors ; fill yoar houeo with hospitali ties worthy of your race; tako your phca in Parliament; become a power in yonr country; live up to your rights as Eirlof CAstlcraaine.,, 'It is impossible I Mine is a heart tbat loves but once. Whether G^rtrnde loved mo as I did her, I cannot tell, To ber .my least thought was true... Beside her no other woman looked lovely or desirable. E?en if ahe had really fled with Colonel Lennos, and I had secured a divorce, it wonld not hav? been to marry again. I sbonld have lived in the memory of my. lost lovo and my lasting woel' Isabel Hyde suddenly bsnt her head on the table ne&r; which she -sat, and bur9t?into a passion of sobs and tears. « ' . ; Lord Castlemaine remembered what Lidy Craven had told him of Miss Hyde'o evident, interest in himself. Even his heart, apathetic now to all words of love, told him that M'e? Hyde had now spoken to him of more than friendship, ne knew not what to say or do. He sat in silence until her stormy emotion had worn itself away. ' Mies Hyde, I am grateful to yoa — grate- ful for sympathy, for past friendship, for pre sent interest— but all your ? remonstrances mast fail to change my course, or animLte my heart to any hope of happiness. Let me remind you that you are yet- a young, beauti ful woman, with your fortune before you. Grateful as your kindness is, I cannot accept it at the price' of embarrassment to you. In your kind sympathy for me, and for vvj .wife., you forget — what your Aunt Crc£son would not fail to rccall— that you are too young and beautifal to come here without. a chape ron. We must part ; my Badness grieves your kind soul ; and your friendly intereet io me makes it hard for me to rcjcct your cono sele, as I unalterably must. Will yoa not allow me to accompany you through the park to the ' Xans' Gate,' where we shall flay good bye?' He rose. Isabel rose also. She pushed back tbe disordered bair from ber heated brow. She looked into hiB face. ? . ' 8ay good-bye?' she faltered. ' Yes, Isabel. Good-bye is all I can offer, for even friendship, now.' ' Good bye— and forever?' . ' Forever 1' 'Ob, Lord Castlemaine 1' cried Isabel, boldiog out berhandsto bim. ' Lord Castle mainol— Radolpb I will you never care for me ?' . Ambition, pride, selfishness, many evil pas sions were in Isabel's feeling for Lord Castle maine; bat there was also love, real loye, and that love thrilled ia that passionate cry. It was one drop moro in the cup of Lord Ca*tlemaine's bitterness. He was obivalrons toward women. lie had really been a friend to Isabel Hyde, though he had often thought her a lingular giil, and her manners had many times puz* zled bim. He knew by bard exnerienoe now terrible a thing was lovo outraged, nnreturned. But her cry fell coldly on ft dead, shrouded heart. He held out bia.hand gravely. 41 Come, Isabel, wo must go; wo must part. It is only one more of tho hard things in our faU. ' Go, and forget me.' 'I cannot— I will not forget I ' saldlsa*. beji ? ' Remember,' said Lord Castlemaine, ' that whether she is living or dead, my heart was unalterably given to Gertrude.' And be led her beyond the ' Nans' Gate, ' CHAPTER LXI. 11 1 nruix NKVj:n setdrm* If Gertrude Castlemaine bad been ft criral nal, flying from ja/tice, making every, effort at concealment, ahe would^probably have been discovered long before. As.ahe proceeded on the pover boat, at Calais, and afterwards, In a perfectly quiet, open, metler-oMact way, no one had had particular attention called to her, and no one, wben Inquiry was made, was able to. identify ber. Colonel Lonnox and Isabel eeduloosly kept the seoret about the carriage— tbo colonel, be cause his discomfiture, if known, would have made bim tbe lasting butt of jest ; Iiabcl.be. caose her action in the matter would have rained Iter with Lord Castlemaine. The carrtsge'driver b*d not only-been well paid by Gertrude for silence, but tbat night's work was his last driving in England j he had already eecured hia passege as an emigrant to Australia The theory of the pursuit had been that Gertrude had gone by cars, or on foot. No one imagined that the had caught tbe Pover boat that very nigbt. The stewardess of tbat boat waa ealled next day Into Belgium, to ? dying mother; and the fact that at Calais Gertrude had oorered her list and face wfth a thick tissue vt U, and carried ber cloak on her arm, with only IM while lining visible, had completed tbe slender chain of events whioh diverted pursuit, especially when that pursuit dated all Its Inquiries at least twenty*four boura too tote, That very week of IsAbel's painful visit to Neath Abbey, Vt, lUndal and Mr, Oilro held met there to consult with Lord Oaetle m»tn* ' I have concluded my| personal visitation of every pablio and private io- titqtion for the' sick and th'e insane in the United Kingdom,' said Dr. Bindal ; ' I have conversed with the attendants,' and looked over the records ; I have examined the burial records of every parish in England; and I cannot get the faintest trace of yoar wif^l' 'Oar agents ia^Scotland Yard have come on no trac(\ and seem Hopeless of success,' eaid Mr. Grimhcld. ' It i.j, as I told yoa at first, Lord Castlemaine ;f.we mast make more of the press|— of advertising.'! 'I had enocga of tho^press, dragging my family afliirs to light, when that paragraph about the divorce, in Trnfh, tarn^d all eyes and all tongues on my unhappy wife.' ' Bat you mast consider Ifow great interests are at stake. Yoa may have a wife— possibly a child. You mn«t find rthera. If you have a child — a. son — that chiGd i's^ho heir to yoar estates andrtitles. ne wonld nor? be nearly a year and a half old. Ha may he living in pauperism,, ox 33 t, foundling. Every week passed, dims recollfclionpf events, and makea discovery more diflhult. JJThe finding of your child, if it ^exists, is of ^instant importance. If yon 'marry again, ar.d have a eon, his possession {of title and estates wonld be. always jeopardieed by Hie possible existence ot &n; elder son. - Bdttides, not knowing whether Lidy Castlemaine is alive' or dead, you cannotjmarry — unlej^, indeed, you con clude your suit for divorce, which yoa might possibly obtain.' \ 'I ehallj never conclude 'the suit; and I shall never marry. T j ' Then, unless yod find yonr child, if one exists, wbat is„to become ol your title and estates. .Yours is a long lin$ to end eo ? 1 miserably.11! '? I 'Aud what course do you wijh me to take?' | .j: ?* ' Advertise through the police of the entire United Kingdom, by printed slips, carefully describing |Lady CastleWaiae's appearance and date of departure, giving no name but mine as address. 'Advertise in all the papers of the kingdom, by .talip3 addressed to ' Gertrude,' | asking her iio return, or give in formation, and pledging that her demands ahall be gratified on ev|ry point — that ahe shall have all her own War. Advertise also in Italy, injGnrmany, and_France.' ' Do anything yoa likeyr said Lord Castle- \ maine. 'Advertise as yba like; but I know if Gertrude iyet lived I should have beard from her. Could ahe have enilured loneliness like mine?'' ' *? 'Yoa forgltr' Baid Doctor Rindal, 'she may have a' child. That1. would very .largely . console herj and fill her tije&rt;' , - 'But therq ia no need lor her silence. ShS knew I loved ber.'r !? . 'Answer me a few questions,' said- Doctor Bandal- You were 'jealous of Colonel Lennox, and sccused her o! various follies?' ' Unhappily, yes.' ] ' She seemed greatly terrified, overwhelmed, distressed ?'' t « 'Yes.' ; . . -? 'In your anger, you threatened separation - or divorce ?' f ' Yes, yes ; I have admitted all that.' 'Do you not kn'ow^ thbt if she had remained,' and yoa had demanded separation tor divorce ' I would not have dpne eo,' interrupted Lord Castlemaine. ' ; ' Probably not, when the whole facts were before yoa. She did not know that. She thought you meant it. !! I say, if yoa had carried out:yoar threat.Jand she had. bad a child, especially if a son, you would have had .custody ot yoarlieir. Tjiere is nothing like maternity to sharpen a Jwoman'e perception 1 of results, of facts. Unused to any buaineas, as Lady Castlemaine was} tho moth ex instinct would havo shown her her danger of being deprived of her baby. If.she had some slight mania, aa I apprehend, that would have intensified her terror ot such loss— her expec tation of it.: A mother will do anything to retain her child. If Lady Castlemaine is living, and keeps silent; it is because she feara yoa. will claim oastody of her little one.' ' But what am I to do cried Lord Castle maine, rising, and pacing? his library in dis order. .1 I The idea of' Gertrude hiding in loneliness, terror, poverty, to conceal that beloved child, bo^ precious in his thought, drove him frantio. ' Advertise, as Grimhejd suggests, in Eng land, Sootland, Franco. ? [Address 1 Gertrude.' Tell her, her child shall not be interfered with ; she shall make heir own terms. Also, fee the French police heavily enough to set them searching .for any^ stray English lady, fair and young, with a young child. Franoe is near; your wife spoie Frenoh fluently* As we have failed in England, I look to France. France too, is /{be land where she conld live longest on the rsale of ber jewels.' ' Randal is guite right,' said Mr. Grim held. ? 1 ? ? . ] A tap at the library do^r. ' The mail, ray lord,' (laid Jenkins. Lord Castlemaine toon the letters, and . meohanloally turned theob over. He started back at sight of one, And'dropped it, with an exclamation. It was from Egypt, in the large, peculiar script ot Cplonel Lennox. At first Lord Castleoiaino felt as if he oould not open it— as if; one of hia friends must break toe teal. Ta.tn he gathered him self together, bccanse there might bo some thing under that oover wbich no eye should 1 Boa but his own. lie withdrew to an *alcove, | and*opened tbe envelope, with a trembling ! band, It' was dated ,at;ia military hospital. It ran thus: - j| ' Lord Casti.rmXink t: — We have been enemies ; but wben life [ireachoa its end, en mities are forgotten. 1 write to do jattice to your wife. I never mei^ a lady whom I admired aa I did Lady Castlemaine. She was as good as fair. There was nothing in ber intercourse with mj| to which any hus band could object, except that she tolerated, my Boclety, and tbat was because ahe did not know my character. ) AU my association with Lidy Castlemaine-^all our meetings arose not from her will ; ^ahe was invariably betrayed into mv company by her friend, who deoelved us both. I! should say no moro. Where your wlfo wont, -and why. I do not know*. Atk Mitt Ilydt— the k 'oict, j Lennox.' - ' Oh, Gertrude I doubly injured Gertrude I' cried Lord Castlemaine. i ' Wo must find MIso-Hyde, and question her,' said Grimheld. j ' I will telegraph to Lidy Cresion to obtafni bor addrerH.' ; ' J ?' ?? ?. ? 1 Tho day after* that hjtter Interview with Lord Caitlemaino, Iiabal entered liar aunt'a dressing- room, in Lady' Creison'a country, bouse on tho banks of the Thames. ' Isabel, u aald L\dy^ 'Cresion, sharply, 'yoa told me you wertf going to MIis Alter \- ton's. I had a noto frorxj her yesterday. You have no(j been there. Where were yoa 7' Isabel was silent, . ? ' I Insist upon knowing— I hats a right,' 'Yea, you havo % flight,' said Isabol, boldly* ' You arc to Uko mo to Lady Gor don's country-saat, and ]j have two gorKOou-- dresses up stairs, witnesses of your ri|;M, J was at Neath Abbey, to sea Lord Castlemaine.' ' Heavons, Isabel I V/hal madness I . And you with a propoial Hiom Lor.l Htuart l)oaglaa 1' . j ' ' I have not accepted film, aunt.' Lady Creiion throw Sop her bands aurl ?J'' ? ' Isabel, you ars tweiity.four I You havf h tonjiiw teamm out I Von have refused twe or three offars, bat bavej had no good offuri till now* Now, bv ejtraordlnary, marveliouv fortune, a fine-lpoking man. of vour own a«», heir presumptive to the Earl of iJunedln. proposes, and— yoa say y'on have not aeoentod mm I You '0P to mo toRd Cistlora» Ine I' v-;. -i.- ^ ' I went,'. said Isabel, hard and bold, 'to see for mypelf whe'ner there was any hope , that Lord Castlemaine would hia divorce ca.ip, end make an offer to*ne.' 'Horrible' Monstrous 1 Outrageoos 1' groaned Lidy Creeson. I-abel proceeded steadily : ' There is no aach hop-». He will not get a divorcc. He will not marry again. He ia still the elave of that white-faced fool who left him.' . ' 'Hash 1 Yoar hngaage ie scandalous.' ' I weut to him, aant, because for mora than four years I have loved him— because I am mad about him. I think I would rather take Rudolph Ca*tldmaine, without title or estate?, than one of tho princes of the royal bloo*.' . 'The priaces and Lord Cistlemaine ara equally nut of yoarTeacb.' 4,lpceit. Compose, yourself, Aunt Cres son. I told Lord Smart Douglas that ha should have my answer at Lidy Gordon's, mxt'Thuradav. I shall accept him. I shall nave a little title, q prospective coronet, afor-_ tune, three handsome estates, an amiable has bnnd, who marries bcs^uso.his nncla orders him to do so, and who likes me as well as any one. B3 Faro, aant. tho beHe of five seasons nppreciat£3 her good fortune. At all events, I shall not mike a scandal, and leave my hus band. as Gertrude Craven did.' ' OH, beavo;i3 ! And yoa are to be pre srnted oa Thurjday to the Eirf of Duned din 1 ' ? Thursday had come. Scene— Lady Gor don's country peat in K^nt, thronged with guests. Envipd of all, u Isabel Hyde. After, five: seasons she has captured a; prospective earl I ? . , Lord Stairt Doaglas ia a tall, jolly, , noisy, red-wluskered, florid, honest . young Sfiotoh maiv— not very- sentimental, but heartily, ad miring his f-ir.cz. Tfio Etrl of D meddin has come, and is. to be presented to his future niece. Isabel is on the arm of Lord Howard Doaglas ; Lady Gor don has the earl's arm, LidyCr$ssoniselate. The five meet in the great drawing-room, and there are m^ny there to see. Undo, alio wnie to present the future W3y Doo^'Ias.' ? ?- Sudd^nV a black cloud re^ts on the face j of tbe old Scotch earl. His extended hand Btops half way ; his cold, blae eyes fixed on. Isabel in a ferocious glarr. ' This lidy j^ourJuture wife, Douglas ? ' * 41 Yes, nncic; and yoa are an admirer of beauty— daik beauty— — ' ~ 'I never forget a b?antiful face once seen/ said the etrl, Rtill glaring at Isabel. -Then ? ' Lady Gordon, may we withdraw to a more ' private room? ' The five are alone in the library. . ' ' Miss Isabel Hyde,' says the earl, in tfce voice of a jadge, ' carry biok your mind to the latter part of September before last' — al- most two years ago. Tnink of the Bedmosa station.' 'She. was visiting. Lidy Castlemaine at ? I Neath,' oried Lady Cresson. | The earl waved his hand, and proceeded solemnly : : . I . 'At Radmoss station; after midnight, yoa entered tbe train for London. The third class cars were oat of the qaestion ; the second class were pretty well. tilted; two first-olase cars were paid lor as private. Yoa entered the other, where there was one traveller, in' % cloak. Yoa wero not alone; yoa were with Colonel Lennnx, and I wa3 that traveller. Yoa went to London. Yoa and Colonel Lennox left tbe train together ; voa entered a cab together. Before I secured a cab yours 'waa . out ol sight. Lt wa«j before four o'clock, a very dark* morning, and — the character of Colonel Lsnnox is well known.' i Lord Stuart Douglas, with flaming eyes, had dropped I^abil's band and stepped baok* Lady Gordon looked flcorn and dismay. Lady..: Cresson was pallid, and dropped into & chair. She cried : ' ? ' Sir, you are mistaken 1 ' ' I am not mistaken. I could swear to her* I saw her for ovsr an hour. I hoard her voice* It was she 1' ' I only met Colonel L?nnox by accident at tho etatioa 1' cricd Isabel, breathlessly. 'I missed an earlier train. If you had followed the cab you would, have seen that I went to the Westminster Hotel, and he to his 'club.' ' You can never explain or excuse a lady j of your a^e and position wandsring alone at night with Colonel Lennox. The wife of my heir mu-t be witboal reproach. Lady Gordon, allow Djuglas end myp&lf; to take our leave ; ' it will cause less talk.' They departed. Lady Gordon looked at aunt and ni- ce. , 'Dear Lviy Cresson, you have my sympathy. This ii terrible I But-my home is fbll ot friends — young ladies, too- ?' ; 'Innderataud you,' Baid Lady Cresson. ' If yoa will order a cirriagc, I will at o'noe remove ray niece.*' They were in the car. , ' ? J ''Isabel,' raid Lvly Cresson', 'Iwfll. - see you azfiio. Yoq understand, you can' ! enter London gpciety . after this. Go and hide your head 1' They parted at the Junction — Lady for London ; Isabel apparently for 1 teabel pancd t .vo stations. At the th hit the car, and waited (or another tra - 'She had made up her mind. 8be would throw herself on tbo meroy of Lord Castle maine. She would tell him that sho had been Baoriflcod in her effort to save his wife, for his sake. In recklessly undertaking to lead Colonel Lennox away from Gertrude, Bho bad destroyed herself. All hope was lost now but in Lord Castlemaine. She wonld go and boldly plead her lovo for him. Even if that failed, in what would ahe be worse oil than now? CHAPTER LXII. ' DOW TUB DREAM CIUE TnUB, ' Shut up alone In her flrst-olaaa carriago, Iaabel Hyde auflered an anguish &a; of lost aouls. Fury against berBcU, romorse, not repentanoo, Beir.ed her. Ho w easily ahe might have prevented this borriblo end I On that fatal night, when abo had meant to betray Gertrude in to flying with Colonel Lennox she had madly loat all by going to London in hia oompany. Hho could have remained at the cottage, bribing the woman to allenoe. She could have gone to ? hotel at Radmoss, , and left alone In the early morning train, | ra&ui;'er contusion and wrath beoause Ger- | rijw ? had overthrown *11 her plana, she to London in the same oarrlage with ; Oolonel Lennox and allowed him to esoort her I i as far ae the hotel. - I True, oho bad to to red the hotel alone ; ahe ' 1 bad given a feigned namo ; breakfasted alone, and gone homo by that afternoon's train,' London had beon empty of aooiety people; no one reongnUed bor : she supposed that esoapade dead and buried* Now it had come come np like a ghost to break her engagement with Lord Douglas, which was making a niuc- day's wonder at her amaatng good fortnno, Lady Gordon would be obliged to oxplaln to soma extent. Lord Douglas would feel nlm aelt obliged to explain. Her aunt had finally cut ber off. Her family would be lurloui at her folly, and tho wreck of bar proip«ots. Tbe glorJeu of Douglas and Uuneddin suw on her as they vanished out pf hor grasp for* ever* -She was taking her last ohanoe. Her one hope waa In the help, the chivalry, : tbo blindness of Lord Castlemaine. To him ahe bastenod, flying with alii the speed 0! steam through the waning oummer «V'f . . . . . . Lord Castlemaine and Doctor Rindal were anaaslly paoing the terrace, Lord GaiUsmalne had sent ms dispatch to Lady Creeson. Hie one hone fay now in wresting the truth from Isabel Hyde* I3very honr teemed a yoar. until no oould got on tho track ol hie vanlibsa wifo. : ' Up the long avenue dashed a horse, covered 1 with foam, and ridden by a man looking like a public boose hostler. Man and beast were breathless, and covered with dnst. Tbe rider held oat to Lord C&stlemaina; a slip of paper, rumpled and soiled, torn from a note-book, and hastily written upon with a Jeid ponoil. Lord Cistlemaine snatched the. paper and read the lines : * . ' ?» Terrible R. R. accident, five miles beyond R-jdmo8?. A lady in firat-olass car seriously injured* She ia in a state of extreme anxiety to see you. Come at once. She cannot live oat the night.' Lord Castlemaine reeled baok against Dcfttor Rindal. ' Doctor Randal, it is Gertrude 1' » Who is the lady ? Have you nothing else?' shouted Dr. Rindal. Tbe man was still fdmbUng in hia pooketa. He found the object of his search and banded it over— a card. ' It was ia her pocket,' he said* , ' Oa the cafli was : f Isabel Htde.' 'Mini' shouted Lord Castlemaine. #ldid you seoher? Was she dark?' ' I don't know— yps— I saw ber— yea, she was dark and handsome. It is her spine, my ' lord. She U quiet, and don't suffer ; bat she is goin' fast. Yot^d better hurry yourself 1' 'Horses I horses !'? roared Lord Castle maiae ; ' the two fastest horses I' The grooms sprang aboat in the stables, and in five rainute3 two swift, blooded horses, impatient for tbe road, were ready for Lord Castlemaine and Dr. Rindal. They leaped into the saddles, and were away like the wind. The saa had S6t ; ihe moon had risen ; the world was still in tho balm and dew of the summer night ; the insect) whirred and ohirped ; softly from. tho distant woods called the &ad; whip-poor-will, or chanted the nightin gale ; and still over the broad, hard road thun dered the feet ot the horses, as Lord Castle maine and his friend went to her who was dying in ber wasted youth, and 30 unfit to die. , * ? They reached the place at last — the turn in the toad where thera had been a collision. . Canse — a negated switch.' More remote cause — a switch-tender asleep. _S:ill more remote cause— a human being overworked for seven days in tbe week ; given a pittance ; shortened honra of rest ; length . ened hours of labor. Treated as a man ? No; as a machine. Well, the maohme breaks down ; the mm falls asleep. Asleep ? Rather into'ooma. Who i3 to blame ? Some one is to blame. See this wrecked train ; see all ' these dee-d bodies The jury will- blame and punish tbe Bwitch-tender. High Heaven will blamo the company who overworked him ; and this blood and his blood will be requited at their hands. Here is the cottage where Isabel Hyde has been carried. A couch has been drawn into the oentre of the room, made as easy as 1 possible, and on it lies Isabel Hyde, the shadow i of death already quenching the fire ot her great 'black eyes, and . smiting the lately splendid color from the cheek of society's Red 1 Rose.- - Lord Castlemaine and Dr. Randal entered. . ' Isabel' said Lord Castlemaine, bending to take her hand, ' Heaven only knows how , grieved I am to sec you like this 1' ' | ' You will be sorry about me, Lord Castle- | I maine ?' said Isabel. . i 1 ' Yes ; words cannot tell how I shall grieve : that you die so young and so suddenly. _ ; I ?J And you will stay with me until I die ?' '' I ' Yes, Isabel.' r i I ' It is more than I could have expected ; and it is better. What waB there left^for me to live for ?' said Isabel. The women of tho house withdrew. Doctor . Randal went out and spoke with tbe doctor who was attending the injured, then returned and made some slight examination of Isabel; more waa not needed ; -her fate waa on her face. ' Miss Hyde, do you know your state ?' ' Yes, I know,' said Isabel. 'And what can I do for you, Isabel, now or hereafter ?''aaid Lord Castlemaine. : 'Yon can listen to what I have to say,' said Isabel. ' I sent for you for that, r shall shock yon, Lord Castlemaine; but do not leave me for that.' ' ' I will not leave you. I have promised.' ! 41 Say! before I begin, you forgive me. ' ? '»? I— -forgive you,' said Lord Castlemaine. 'Think back to when we firat met. I know you liked me; you liked me better than all the rest; I saw it. At first I acted toward you merely- as ambitioo, and Aunt Cresson's orders to make a good match dictated. But I grew to love yoa.' I, who had never cared for anyone, whose heart was cold to parents, brothers, Bisters, friends, I loved for the firat lime, and I loved »/ou— oh, how madly 1' 'Hush, bush, ieabel!' said. Lord Castle-, maine, deeply pained* '.It is too late to miod now,' said Isabel. *' Let me go oa, Yoa never spoke or acted love, bat there was no one yoa preferred, ; nnd I boped— until yoa met Gertrude, and 70a loved her at once, when you had known icfidlongl I tried to win yon away, but u unheeded my efforts to charm yoo ; yoa . i -e not to be won. I hoped to the last — I -pod until I stood first brides-maid at youi | wedding, and there I swore to part you— at | any price.' ' Isabel I Isabel 1 are you mad?' cried Lord Castlemaine. ? This ia tho hour of truth. I pretended strong friendship for you both. It was love, for you, hate for her.' 41 My poor Gertrude 1' moaned Lord Castle maine. ' Sho waB Wax in my hands ; so were you. I mado the little quarrels between you ; I made you jealous, and roased her pride, and made her headstrong. I introduced Colonel Lennox to her. I told her you were meanly jealous, and that he waa the best ot men. I planned meetings for them, .sending him word wherever sho should be, and she never know it. I forced tbem togothcr. I saw he loved her ; she never dreamed of it. I asked him to lunch at your bonne; I arrangod tho tableaux I I telegraphed him to meet ua at Bath. I goaded her constantly, to resist you. I read to him, and loaned him all her Uttera from Neath. I told him to follow me to Neath, and he should sco her. I planned meetings whioh were aurprisea to her; and I tried In vain to roaso in her lovo for him* Hho was his friend— only that— just as oool and calm to him aa a woman of snow.' V Oh, Gertrude, ray darling I my Injured darling l' wailed Lord Castlemaine. ' Gertrude furiously rcionted the hoar when bo p&tsod; beyond oalra, rospectable friendship into a plea tor love. She resolved never to see him ?galn. He wrote I or— tho only time. In her dUtresn fiho burned the letter, fearing your j*alou9 rage. It was to rao she told Tour threat! ot separation, yoar order to go to East, dale. It was I who painted to her tbe die graoe of separation. I told her you would rob ber of her child. I planned to fly with her to Franoe. I told her wo oould hide in tho Sontb of Franoe until you oame to her terms. I had hired the oarrlage, brought It to the. ' Nuns' Gate.1 I put the glove, picture, and handkerohlaf ot Colonel Lennox in her room. I took her to the oarrlage. I bad arranged to leave It on & alight exouse, have Colonel Lannox allently take my plaee, and go with hor to Dover— to Calais— before he revealed; himself. I knew a fllRht with him would never $em innooent, and you would divorce ber. I hoped you would turn to me. I cannot toll bow It waa— I had led, rnled Gertrude all along— at the moment I left her In the ear« rfage ahe took ber future into ber own band*, Tho carriage dashed oft furloufclv, She wai In it alone* Colonel Lsnnox and I were left standing in the road. We went at onoe to 1 London. That night Journoy with him hae einoeprovodmydeitruotion, I was seen, rcoog. nlswl,' (To ttntfawid.^ 