AUNTIE'S HOUDAY. A Christmas Idy£. Auntie's world was compassed by the square of a window. Had you passed along the street any day you might have seen within, at the side of this window, a little old maid with a pinched pale face, and: grey tired eyes which were raised from her work: to look into the street. Here too, if yau had occasion to pass frequently—you might have seen Auntie's sleek cat and her mature canary, and if you had been rude enough to stare right into the room, you would have seen some of the most extraordinary millinery designs it had ever been your lot to gaze upon. Auntie was a milliner. Not one of those great dames who, dressed in fine gowns, move and have their being in the midst of a very paradise of lovely bonnets and sweet things in hats. Oh dtear no ! Auntie was quite another sort of milliner^ She w.Q^ked for a very different class of customers, but a very exacting^ verJ imperious class. She was the slave of the auto cratic servant girl, and of the tyran nical wife of the eight hours labourer. As a matter of course she had to work fourteen and often sixteen hours daily; and poor Auntie had but a vague idea that there were some happy folks who worked only eight hours in the day. She had heard of the millennium, but her knowledge of either state was equally theoretical. However, there was one day in the year in which she put aside the garish velvet, and such brilliant artificial flowers as neither field nor garden had ever borne upon its bosom. That day was Christmas Bay. It was now Christmas Eve. The shop over the way, with its great dis play of tinsel-paper and lemon-peel,, its mountains of currants, and bowls of nutmeg and spices, had put up the last shutter, and the street was dark and quiet. The bright lights of the shop had been clu e y and Christmas like, but they were gone, and still I Auntie sat at the window and worked —worked till the chimes sounded midnight, and Christmas Day had come. The last bunch of pretern&turally; red roses was fastened in its place, and Auntie'snimble fingers rested. The canary had long ago rolled itself up into a yellow fluffy ball* and had gone to rest; and the sleek cat purred gently, dreaming perchance a dream of fat mice. There were the raisins to stone, and the pudding to make, and a city-bred ; chicken, a forlorn fowl that had never Been anything more rustic in its life than an occasional blade of grass between the stones of a gutter, had to I for $10 oven- At last the I podding was bound in the cloth, and I the corps© of the city ehisken was embalmed in dripping'. Then Auntie thought about bead, and after the little withered old maid had read a portion of an eminently pious, though equally commonplace work, entitled " Sunset Thoughts," she went to rest, at least such rest as she cottld obtain with the strains of a plaintive fiddle, a festive cornet, and a wildly intoxicated piano " over the way," tingling in her ears. Up in the morning, and to early early service. A dismal business. A dulf church With a' few straggling worshippers, the only Bright things in the buildih'g being the flowers that decked the altar and' lie pulpit. Away in a dart corneflhielfc Auntie, quite a long distance1 Back, for she had never been asked, like those at the feast of olden days, to go up higher. The front pews and ctfshioriB were not for folk of Auntie's order. Modern financiers have discovered' that the mite, when invested, does not yield a return equal to that of the shelter. The guinea has a solid value in count ing house or temple. Meanwhile the city chicken and the plum-pudding—indigestible and luxurious fare, but seasonable withal were cooking under the superinten dence of an obliging neighbor, and when auntie got home they were laid out to cool, so as to be prepared for packing in the luncheon basket. The canary was fed, the eat looked after; and auntie, arrayed in the best of her gowns, sat down to wait the hour of departure to the picnic, to which, she had been invited by an ex- appren tice. They were going out of the city, up the river. It was a glorified river, a river whose banks were evergreen, where golden-wattle and epacris, and here and there in hidden places the crimson flower of the waratah were ; where trees were white with snowy blossoms, and rocks were fringed with ferns. Auntie saw it once a year; and from year to year it dwelt in her memory, the only glimpse of poetry and beauty that struggled through the dust and work of the city into the unlovely monotony of her miserable life. There is a sound of giggling and rustling at the door, and then a knock and Auntie admits the apprentice, and that necessary appendage of female apprentices, the " young man" who, in the expressive language of that locality, was " keeping company" with her. He was a fine brawny fel low, and she a rather sweet-faced" girl, not too w genteel" in her manner, perhaps, and may be her grammar might have been better, but she had frank good eyes and a kindly heart j as indeed one might see when she kissed the little old maid and pinned a bunch of roses—real, not Auntie's stock — upon the milliner's breast. Then the young man added Auntie's share of the feast ta his own, and with a great deal of fuss and joking they made a start for the steamer. Here is the steamer—a gigantic bouquet of white muslin skirts, and ribbons of all colours ; and here also is the band of musicians, the harp, fiddle, and the flute. Puff, puff, away they go, to Auntie's glorified river. The sun is bright, the air fresh and laden with sweet scents. They leave the city far behind, and enter the land of tree and flower. Auntie was very quiet. That was chronic with the poor souL Doubt less if she could have spoken about it, there might have been some poetry in her thoughts ; but years of silence cannot be broken in a day, and at best her thoughts were vague and indefU nite. Still she was quite restful and happy. One or two married men re-! marked to her in an affable way that it was " a fine day, ma'am," in which, opinion Auntie expressed her aequies-. eence. Nothing more. Her young companions were consumed with laughter at the tricks, of a funny gentleman, who ultimately received what the doctors learnedly describe as " ecchymosis" of the optic for carry. inga practical joke too far, the com. mon. result of funny gentlemen^ pranks. A stray dog, recognising in the scent of the city chicken an old but defunct firiend, squatted in proximity to the. basket. Auntie rested and was thankful for the fresh air. The picnic ground! being reached, the pleasure seekers were soon scat tered far and wide. Now Auntie had laid out her plans for this day—oh, months before. It was to be a quiet peaceful day, when bonnets and all the work-a-day would be forgotten. She- would find out some hidden place among the ferns, where she eould lie d»wn and breathe the sweet scented air, and look up to see the waving wattle with its golden cluster, and the blue sky beyond. Then she would read the other stories she had read so many years ago, and-^q-uaint—pathe tic fancy she might dream she was a girl again. The. book she had brought with her was ail old fashioned romance, with a very lovelj and virtuouB maiden as heroine, and an altogether impos sibly high-minded, gallant and chival rous young gentleman as hero ; of course a villain thwarted the plans, of the young people, and, equally of course, the villain was thwarted in turn ; and then in a very old-faahioned and equally modern fashioned; way> the abnormably good young man folded the abnormally beautiful and virtuous maiden in his arms, and said, At last, my darling." Doubtless you all know the rest. Wtiat a foolish little creature was this, at her time of life, with her withered-up body and spare unattrac tive face I Romance at her age marry come up, good people ! but she ■was a poor Billy creature, an old wo-; man with-a girl's, heart. _ Tears ago, when, Auntie was not " Auntie," when her eyes were bright, her. cheeks full. and rosy, and her limbs strojog and-supple, she had spent many an hour under the trees of the orchard at her father's farm .dreaming of. knights and ladieB fair, and one day her own knight came, and she .never knew how good and. honesta knight he truly was till one day. she awoke and found that her folly had driven him from her. Then she waited long years, if perchance the knight should return, but alack-a-day! he gave up his lance and shield, and went into a far country whence there is no return ing. The chestnut hair turned grey, and the bright eyes dim, the lithesome limbs grew weary ; but still she waited, and now she hoped some day to join her knight in that " far countrie,.. whither he hadgone. . „ The lunch was finished, arid Auntie wandered over the rocks and along the winding bush path till . the hidden place" was found. There, with the patches of eunlightdapplingthe flower Bprinkled grasB arid bracken, she made, herself a nest in which to read and dream. It was very qiriet, very rest ful. She openbd her book. Auntie wanted this to be a bright and happy flay—it was her only holiday in all the year. She wanted to look back to it, as she looked back to the far, tar away days of her girlhood. Even years of bonnet-making will not exercise the spirit of sentiment from a woman's breast. The prim, angular old maid who is the butt of your wit, my good sir, and my dainty miss, may have, stored away in the withered husk of her heart, hid away from all eyes and ears, a secret love, a monstrous foolish sentiment, over which when no eye patches her, she weeps, and which yet she cherishes as the dearest thing in all her life. " And so it is with all sentiment," says Balzac. "Our heart is a treasure; empty, it at once and you are ruined.. We no more pardon a sentiment for revealing itself entirely than .we pardon a man for not having a penny of his own," This little old maid, this woman of a thousand bonnets, was a sentimentalist. She had all those strange fancies wo men have, be they eighteen or forty efght; and the melody of an old fashioned song would bring her girlish thoughts back as on the day when first £he heard, but not—not with the old freshness, not with the old brightness. . Somehow she cannot read to-day; the shadow of her life still rests upon her. We cannot throw our daily toil aside as we would a cloak or mantle^ It clings to ns ; the ghost of our toil, the shadow of the city. The daily desolate, life, without the human sym pathy for whieh a woman's heart yearns without ceasing—withoutachild's face to brighten the darkness, without little lips to press her own; O waste un womanly, life! and yet hers. Dream ing sadly, her eyes close, and gradually the quiet and the fresh air soothe the tired-out body into rest. She sleeps. The day fades into the hour of sunset, and -miles away the steamer puffs merrily home. When she wakes the sky is tinted with the hues of fading sunset. She wakes with a start. Night is coming on and the air is growing chilly. Eor a moment she cannot realise "where she is ; then she remembers all, and hurriedly attempts to rise; but there is something resting on her. She puts her hand down, and it touches something warm. It is the face of a tiny little rascal who had nestled at her side and had gone to sleep. A baby vagrant, whose tattered clothes and bare feet shows that he at least knows naught of gala days and picnics. It is almost a pity to wake the little fellow curled up so snugly; but she must hurry or the steamer will be gone. How late it is! How Jnrig she must have slept! She stoops and kisses the chubby little face, then picks the child up and hurries to the picnic ground. She reaches it to find the steamer gone. The baby head is tranquilly lying on her shoulder, -oblivious of all things earthly, sound asleep. "What shall she do? .. She -was never on this spot before, and it is - quite, an isolated plaee, with no house or farm for many miles. Perhaps the;child can tell her where to go; he must have wandered from his home, not far awav. She rouses him, but he only puts his head again on her shoulder, and murmurs " baby go to ..sleep now," and refuses to be ques tioned. It is getting darker and darker, and a great fear fills the little woman's heart To be alone in the bush at night! the . thought makes her heart beat fast, and a rustle from among the trees .wrings from her a quick nervous cry of fear. Slowly the saffron-colored sky fades into a tender " violet, and g, lovely star shines in the exquisite mellow light. The peace of evening rests upon the bush. The : sky tints deepen into colder blue, then" into the dark setting pf night, studded with innumerable stars. Now the night wind rustles mysteriously among the tree, and white blossom-powdered branches are swaying to and fro. The croaking of the frogs in the marshy land near the river makes the solitude more absolute by its contrast with the whispering voices of the . breeze. Auntie,- with the child still in her arms, seeks the bush track, and follows it as well as she can in the increasing . darkness. Once or twice she nearly stumbles, then the weight of the child tires her. She watee. him, and t iking his tiny hand • they hurry on. The little fellow brightens with the exer cise, and once he pulls her gown, and .. pointing to the bright star, says " Twinkle, twinkle!" For two hours they travel thus; and ; then worn with fatigue Auntie rests on a fallen tree and sobs. The track is no longer easy to follow, and the moonlight, with his dark shadows lacing and interlacing, frightens and confuses ter. At last even the moon light, which, with the fantastic, weird forms it weaves, has in its way been some source of company, is lost. Then the bush is enveloped in absolute darkness. A terrible fear seizes her; and she presses the child convulsively in her arms and rocks him to and fro. There is terror and mystery on every side. Weak and nervous, she is wrought into a paroxysm of dread, and at last takes the child once more in her arms and again plunges into the scrub. Falling, scrambling, she still forces her way onward—anything better than to sit stiller—till the midnight spirit of the bush drives one mad. On, on, bleed ing and bruised, with torn dress and scratched face, till the first gleam of blessed morning lights the sky. Oh, Heaven-sent day! Oh, cruel night! She will rest now, now the daylight and the sun have come again. Weary and faint she falls by the side of a withered old gum tree. Throughout ; it all she has clung to the child. He cries for food, and she kisses the little face and comforts him. In her pocket I is a slice of cake whicli she had taken with her from their little luncheon on J theday before. She gives it to the I child, and smiles to see him eat so heartily. Then tired with the long I night's journey, he puts his head upon I her lap and sleeps. 1 # " # * # # I _ Again the night comes; and with I it returns all the terror and agony I of the. one she had passed .through. J On again; ^ aimlessly, . weakly ■ but J still on ; without rest, and without J object. Again the morning—and two pale fear-stricken faces—a wo 1 man's and a ^child's—are touched by the new day's light. * * * # # Three days hare passed, and the woman no longer able to drag her body through the scrub, has fallen among I the coarse., grass .and —undergrowth. Her eyes are very bright, and her J fingers are moving ceaselessly. She sits again by the window, and the nimble fingers ply the needle, as they I have done for bo many weary years; j It will soon be time for bed. The lights are but " over the way." But what is this face pressed to hers F I what tiny arms are these about her I neck F I Oh. dear Grod, she is given back her I youth! ^ The years of blankness—of I l°ng waiting and then of hopelessness —were but a dream; this is her child, her own little one. Oh baby face, press close, and little lips, touch her! So child! but she I will warm them. Yes, she will warm I them, warm them when the night I passes away, and the sun heat comes again. No dream! no dream! The good God has sent her this divine 1 happiness. She knows the joys of I motherhood ! "What were the weary years, the years of bitterness ? She I has forgotten them ; are not her eyes J bright, her face fresh with youth, her bosom round and full, and this baby whose arms are About her neck, is it J M°t hers—her own child—and his F I And yet she is sobbing, and her tears I are on the baby's cheek ; but it is for J joy, for thankfulness. Closer, baby ! closer, dear! till the little lips have I warmth and the white cheeks are I flushed with life. Closer, closer dear ! J * * * #. * The night sighs through the restless I t^8' -^ere is no peace in the forest. I tt thine eye to the blue heaven, J sown with stars," and peace will come to thee, poor tired soul! Stars are j the emblem of Grod's tears for such as thee. I * * * # # I J3ead! and the rough hand of a I wood splitter lifts with infinite tender ness the straggling boughs from ,?,v,e pale laces of a woman and child. The bosom of her tattered dress lies open, and the curly head nestles I on the milkless breast of childless Auntie. —Once a Jdbnih. 