The Frying Pan. The sweetest thing in walking sticks-the sugar cane. The Mint is the only business place which can make money without advertising. Hymn to be sung at the obsequies of a gentleman who didn't know it was loaded : "A. charge to keep I have. " Poets are said to be born, not made ; so it is not the poet's fault after all. Many a boarding-house patron gets into hot water when he ladles out the soup. A milkman who was nearly lynched for selling watery milk says the whey of the transgressor is hard. You can tell an ex-schoolmaster every time. He always tries his chair with his hands before sitting down» on it. It is but natural that girls who use powder should also wear bangs. Bangs always follow the use of powder. A boarding-house is not a pleasant place to live in. It is a great place for broils, and the landlady often gets in a stew. " The Chinese soldiers no longer use the stink-pot in warfare," says an exchange. When will the American journalists follow their example ? It is stated that 1000 accordéons were sold in Western Australia last year, and yet Western Australia wonders why the tide of emigration does not turn that way. There are 10,000 windmills in Holland. This is pretty good for a small country, but it does not begin to compare with Sydney during a Stonewall debate. Two Yankees met in mid ocean on the deck of a Bteamer. One asked, "Going across?" "Yes, are you?" and there the conversation ended. Why is it that the man who whangs a penny into the contribution box generally leans back with a twenty dollar look of benevolence ? Life says, " Mr. Henry Irving will appear, and Miss Ellen Terry will act, at the Star Theatre next month." We have never seen a fact more expressively expressed. The latest craze for fashionable young ladies is hammering brass. This may be very nice for a young lady, but it must be very trying to a young man's cheek. "What is the stuff that dreams ar9 made of ?" inquired a poet. If he wants to manufacture a first class variety dream, lobster salad can be highly recommended. If you don't observe so many cats about the boarding- house now you must bear in mind that the shooting season is at hand., and that rabbit pie is a seasonable article. " Is a woman capable of filling an office ?" She is. A woman has just been inquiring after some rejected manuscript in this office, and she filled it completely for the time being. Among the Esquimaux you can buy a sealskin sack for two iron hoops and a ten- penny nail. The popular wedding tour of the future will be towards the North Pole. A fashionable paper says, " Skeleton bonnets are all the rage." The husband is the one who performs the "rage" act when he Í3 called upon to pay a small fortune for the ghost of a hat. " If you want to look for heroes in our days," says a woman writer, "you must look for them in the kitchen." Fact. That's where the policeman spends most of his time while on duty. The most fashionable evening costume, according to an exchange, is a bracelet of violets worn above the elbow. We are glad that our society belles are beginning to feel the need of some adequate clothing. A dude returned from college to his parents' city apartments. As he was undressing to go to bed at night he noticed a handsome motto on the wall-" God bles» our flat "-and it bothered him all night so that he could hardly sleep. TTh/iee coccoommppoossiüitíoorr wwh/ioo Bseettlt téh/mss ppactrr, hhmss hhmàd eexxmccitllyy ac* ggllmssss ; aanradcZ aa hhmUîf ttoooo mmuucch/i, aannid tthhiisa Uss pprreecciisseeliyi/ wioh/taati h/tee f/eeeeîÏ3.s liiikfcee. Roller skating will never reach perfection until it is arranged so that there can be some way in which th* small boy can run the risk of drowning. About every- I thing else is now done on rollers. A scientific paper says that the human foot weighs two and a half pounds. There are young. men in this community who, judging from the savage looks on the faces of the giris' fathers, will soon certify that the human foot weighs a ton. Smith : "I notice that milkmen as a rule, wear heavy shoes." Brown: "Yes. They do it on purpose, I guess." Smith: "Why?" Brown: " Because, you know, it would be rather suggestive if they wore pumps." " Is't what I came here for you mane ? " said an Irishman, who had been asked what he left the ould counthry for. "Arrah, by the powers! you may be sure it wasn't for want, for I had plenty of that same at home !" A new York dime museum has imported a Russian boy with the face of a puppy. He is not likely to be mistaken for one of the young puppies who lounge in front of clûb-houses, insulting young ladies. He has a much more intelligent cast of countenance. "Look here, Mr. Photographer, what in the world did you want to turn my toes in in that stylo for ?" exclaimed an exasperated customer, exhibiting a picture which the artist had just finished for him. " Well, I thought you wanted the picture to be natural," explained the polite artist. " So I did ; but I don't turn my toes in." "No, perhaps not. But you see, the picture would not be natural without your feet, and I was obliged to turn them in to get them in the picture. 