THE S T 0 K Y T E L L E R . OUR BURGLAR. (BY EDITH ROBLX.SOX IX '* HARPEtt's BAZAAR.') ' Axd if j'oa were three girls, an old lady, and a cat, you would 'be as frightened as we.' These Words wound up what I felt to be the oratorical effort of my life, as, indeed, it well might be, ior did not peace of mind, fortune, nay, life itself, hinge upon it? For Billy, our youngest and our pride, was about to' leave home, having received a busi ness offer too good to decline, but which would unfortunately take him from us, except for an infrequent Sunday. And with Billy all sense of security departed, for, though only seventeen, he was so bis and so fearless that we would have matched him against the burglar that was our haunting fear : though our neighbourhood bad never been molested since the memory of man ; though neither friend, relative, nor acquainance had ever been a victim to a burglarious attempt, and we ourselves had never suffered from the over-covetousness of humanity : though our neighbourhood was probably not set down in the blue-book of robbers, and our house itself presented a most untempting appearance, thanks to a landlord who held it to be the whole duty of a householder to receive rent. Most families have a peculiarity. Darwin tells of one which for generations had six lingers and six toes. We were not so afflicted, but our peculiarity was not less a part of every member ot our family. From youth up we had had a mighty conviction we were to be robbed. Still, we had felt no real fear as long as we had Billy and the weapons that, to please us, rested nightly by his side — a section of a cas- pipe, and a policeman's billy with out any lead in it ; presumably the latter was efficacious for the moral force that might still linger about it. ' I'll get you a revolver,' offered Billy. 'Six shots. You might hit your man with one of them.' ' But to this proposiil there was a chorus ot rejection from Aunt Barlow down. ' We should be sure to shoot each other, like those awful stories you read of in the papers. I would not even take a pistol up by the handle,' declared Matilda, energetically. To the feminine mind firearms divide themselves into two classes — pistols and guns. 'A dog? 1 can get you a beauty — bull-terrier. I'd like to see the man who could get by him. Such a muzzle '. ' proposed Jack Walcott. But thi3, too, we rejected with even more energy than the pistol. 1 am not sure but what, in our inmost hearts, the burglar seemed preferable to the canine ' beauty ' that would let nobody get past him. Billy laughed a little scorn fujly. Our fears were an old subject of mirth with him. Not so did Jack. In his slow, patient way he sat there smoking, and trying to devise still another way for our protection. If he could only have stayed with us — for no one could have felt afraid when Jack Walcott was near — big, burly, and commonplace, and the one man on earth for whom Billy had any reverence. .Somehow it always I seemed as though it was his commonplaceness. even more than j his muscle and size, that made him such a tower of strength, i He lived some distance Iroin us, but summer evenings usually ] found him on our porch, smoking always, talking sometime*. Jack always fitted in. One reason was, lie was not one of those uncomfortable people who alway3 insist upon talking, and the time none of us cared to talk wason a summer evening. 'I shall take the dinner bell to bed with me every night,' said Lou. 'All the neighbours have told us to ring it out of the window if we hear anything.' The degrees of pur fear might be expressed by positive, com parative, superlative. Lou's was superlative. 'To rouse the neighbourhood at every mouse you hear ! — you will do nothing of the kind,' said Matilda, crushingly, who by virtue of a slight seniority undertook to manage Lou and myself. 'Then we must get somebody to stay with us,' pursued Lou. ' I do not 6tay in this house alone this winter.' Lou was always making impossible suggestions, and leaving them for somebody else to carry out. The present one was instantly scouted. ' uh dear no !' said Aunt Barlow. 'Take any one here? Never:' negatived Matilda, ener getically. 'One gets used to the angles and corners of one's own family, but a stranger would create perpetual friction. We should hate him in a week.' Billy murmured something, we couldn't hear what, but it was not difficult to guess. 'Besides,' 1 added, impartially, 'I don't think he wo.uld. take kindly to many of our own peculiar institutions — the sittingroom sofa, with the damaged springs and arms that roll off like a cannon if you unwarily touch it. You did that, Billy,' I threw in, parenthetically, 'and you always said you would mend it, and never have. Is there a lock in this house in running order, a window that does not require a practised hand to open or close, or a door that shuts as it should ? We are used to skipping the third back step, because the landlord won't mend it ; but would a stranger take kindly to that method of descent? He might like blinds that fasten either one way or the other, and do not have to be nniled according to the season, and a furnace that is not always coming to pieces in the coldest weather, and a front door that has not a gap of a half-inch between door and sill, and a diningroom where the hous-* has not settled so that there is an inclined plane you could coast on from the window to the stove,' I wound up, breathlessly. Apparently our united objections had negatived the plan beyond question. For full five minutes we sat in silence. Then — ' I wonder if he would mind a cold dinner washing days ?' said a voice from the shadowy doorway. 'He will not be here to dinner or through the day, that is the best of it,' said Matilda, thoughtfully. 'I shall hive nervous prostration if we don't have somebody,' threatened Lou. ' I will not be left alone.' ' But we will not have just anybody. If we are really to have a boarder, we must have one that will suit us exactly. I will tell you the kind we wont.' ? * 'But they don't keep intelligence offices for boarders,' objected Jack. 'That need make no difference. He can be found,' and lean ing back in my.favourite low chair, I proceeded to give the neces sary qualifications in our defender. ' A thick, brown mustache. There is nothing I dislike more than a thin, sandy one. He is to show no suspicion of baldness. What a pity it is so many young men are fast getting bald ! Easy to talk with, handsome teeth, medium height, and rather slender. There is something positively oppressive in a big man about a small house. Dark eyes, too. 1 never did like pale ones. And be sure his hat is nice. If it is not we shall have nothing to say to him,' quoting half to myself from my favourite writer, ' ? Virtue may struggle in a bad cravat, But man and nature scorn tho shocking: hat.' ' And before I reached the end of the lust line it dawned upon me to my sudden horror, that I had been describing somebody the exact opposite of Jack Walcott. But luckily he had not noticed. Tie was not one who did notice such things, and indeed, midway in my description, had begun to occupy himself in cleaning his pipe, preparatory to another good smoke, from the unusual amount of care beseemed to be bestowing upon it, till we were- undeueived by his putting it in his pocket and rising. 'Not going?' in chorus. Yes, he must. Oh 3'ea, he knew it was early, but he hud some writing to j do at home ; and he went off, fondly accompanied by Billy to the I end of the street, leaving behind him the promise that he would I lind the desired boarder for us. We felt at ease on that point, for | what Jack promised — though it had been the discovery of the ! north pole — was as good as accomplished. Three days later Billy | left us, agreeing with manly indifference to 'come home when j he could, and write when he had time.' Not lor worlds would ou,r brother have Uad it appear ho would want to see us as, much , as we should him. His farewell present, with a derisive grin, was a brass chain for the front door. It was received, however, in quite another spirit, and speedily became Lou's greatest com fort, she even putting it up when we were at dinner, or she was left alone live minutes in broad daylight. For our Keign of Terror had begun, and the brass chain was j but one of the many expedients the fertile feminine mind— roi ? course it was the invention of a teminine mind — has devised that i thieves shall enter not. and :if which a burglar with any sense : of humour must smile as he calmly strips the house ot its j valuables. Every nisin at su:uly.wn we made a round of the I house, and locked all the windows' we could. Upon those which ! could not be locked — thanks to.our landlord again — were placed ! tiat-irons. The back-doors were likewise secured by a con 1 tiivance like a huge hair-pin placed over knob and through key. ', There were nine of those. Lou had them in charge.- At bed- ! time a careful inspection of our chambers was made in a body, i not even the cabinets and small closets being overlooked, all the dresses in the latter being probed, that no man might lurk within their lokls. Every night all the silver was placed in a basket and hidden under a pile of comforters : the few valuables that remained — relics of other days — were stowed away in iiirious odd places. They might almost as well have been stolen. for the next morning we never could remember where we had put them, in our terror of the night before, while each of us had a peculiar object for which we cared, and about which our fears tenderly hovered. Every night, the last thins, Lou would go to the spare-room closet and look at her best bonnet. Why, we did_ know, unless possessed by the idea that the burglar wanted it for his wife. And the visit was as regularly accompanied, on opening the closet door — after the exercise of much strength, for. like the rest of our doors, it did not work right — by »hrieks : for, clad in Matilda's best black silk, there confronted her — Harriet Harriet was the dummy whereon we draped our dresses, alter having exhausted each other's patience in our amateur diessmakiii:.'. The object of my rare was a match-box. 1 cannot explain that either. It was not a valuable one, only a pretty French design of a trunk, with a pair of boots thrown on tup by way --i handle. I did not give it a thought daytimes, but with the approach of darkness my fears began to gather around it. ami by bed-time 1 could not have slept if 1 had not placed my precious match-box in the deepest pigeon-hole ot my desk underneath a pile of old MSH. Matilda displayed more reason in her fetish, it being a heavy gold watch chain that had been presented to J-aniel Webster by the State of California on its admission to the Union, and that had fallen to her as a heir loom. My sister placed this in her work-box, which with deep lying strategy was left on the sitting-room table. It was locked, and the key put into the cabinet : this was locked in turn, and so on through a system of double locking as complicated as Mrs. Pullet's. Where the linal key was deposited 1 cannot say, for, like Oliver Cromwell, it never slept twice in the same place. And then to lied, to awake countless times through the night with the conviction that a black-masked figure stood by the bed side, and a voice was saying ' Shpake, and I'll put an ind to yez. ' Somehow 1 never coulil fancy any but an Irishman being a burglar. More than once we were aroused, too, in a way that would have terrified less timid people, for Lou, sure somebody had effected entrance in spite of her nine hair-pins and a chair against every door, would slip quietly out oi bed to one of us, and with the idea of displaying great presence of mind, and awaking her quietly, would put her hand Hat on her face. Boused in this manner, of course the victim began screaming, in which Lou would instantly join, thereby convincing her bewildered and terrified victim that something dreadful had really happened. The duet of screams would continue until the others came running in and matters could be explained. In too exasperated moments it occurred to Matilda and myself that the burglar's society would have been preferable to Lou's. '? Though a whole week had passed by, and we had neither seen nor heard from Jack. Walcott, none of us doubted for a moment but that he would lind the original of my description. A promise^, with him, though given half in jest, was still a promise. I wsyB** standing on the porch one afternoon, just before tea, whenyn'e ; came tramping up the street. I ran down to meet him, bujr ire\' refused to come farther than the gate, or where the gate sirouf^' have been. j? '* ;' ''What is that pretty German story you are so fond of i-v'iie began directly — 'about the boy who longed for the bead^itnil'; rare flower, and set out. in search of it, wandering over the wdcjd ? in ah its highways and bye-ways, its trodden places and iorT' gotten corners, till, a worn-out old' man, he returned home to lind the ilower blooming unnoticed beside his own door-stone. Well, I have looked everywhere for your heart's treasure, to iind at last 1 have been staring him in the face for the last two years. He sits at the desk opposite me, hates the city, wants to live in the country, even if he has the trouble ot trains — so he told me this morning, whereupon it flashed across me he was the man I had been looking for.' A nice, quiet young fellow of seven or eight and twenty.' Why was it Jack spoke of men of that age in such a paternal way? He himself was but a little over thirty. ' He wants to come, and I agreed to bring him out to-morrow night. You'll be ready for him? His name? Oh yes— Walter Forbes.' 1 told the news at the tea table. 'Not that we shall lik« him,' I wound up, decisively, and the family echoed with equal force, ' We shall not like him.' It was ungrateful both to Jack and our Drote7:tor, but we were too conservative to take kindly to anyone who should break in in the slightest on our manners and customs. He was but. the lesser of two evils. The frying pan that was only not the lire. We were in a small flutter of excitement nil the next day, for our life was so quiet tlmt even the meeting a stranger was an event. True to his promise, Jack appeared in the evening with our defender. He was all that I had requested — nay, 1 think, demanded— -I decided at a glance. That he »vas easy and pleasant to talk with that first evening proved. Jack wns unusually quiet, even for him, so Mr. Forbes had the field to himself. Alter all, 1 thought to myself, as I prepared for bed— the first time for many weeks I could go to sleep unheeding my match-box — perhaps, after all, we should not exactly hate him. In two days- 1 could say it with more firmness, fo'r, beyond the blessed security in which we now lived, Mr. Forbes proved a decided acquisition to our family circle. He was always so pleasant, so obliging, so ready to lend a hand on every occasion, that the first strangeness soon wore off, and we could look upon him as the mythical elder brother for whom we had always longed. He won Aunt Barlow's heartby appreciating her inimit able beef stews — that was enough to have obtained her regard for a less attractive man. He trained the vines on the porch with Matilda, played and sang with Lou, read German with me. And so far from our finding the presence of a stranger irksome, it was of him as of that famous statesman, 'He was never in tho way, and never out of the way.' And then the relief of knowing we could seek our couches in safety ! It was towards the end of the first month thnt we were one evening recalling our foolish fears and more foolish methods of preserving our property. Mr. Forbes had not come. He might be later than usual that evening by reason of making out the monthly accounts, he had told us. And we, who had fallen into the way of looking to his home-coming as a pleasant event as something to look forward to in our quiet life, could not brenk ourselves this evening of what had unconsciously become a habit with us all. So it was 11 o'clock before, we spoke of bed, and then only to resolve wo would. not retire till Mr. Forbes had returned. Meanwhile we went on with our entertaining chatter about our ridiculous fears. Then it branched off into burglaries that had actually taken place within the circle of our knowled'e, those we had heard of and read about, highway robberies, cunning thefts and daring housebreakings, battle, murder,- and 3udden death, each of us striving to add some especially thrilling. . anecdote that might lurk within our brains, to come forth as a cheering subject) fur midnight conversation. Lou, whose memory lor uncanny deeds was phenomenal, outdid us all. We had drawn our chairs nearer to each other as she related a particularly dreadful ghost story — we had reached ghosts as the I linal touch ot horror — when there was a clatter in the dining I room. If it had been daytime it would have been perfectly clear | to us that Beauty had upset the spoon-holder. As it was we ' felt sure it was the cat (or so we told each other); but un told sums would not have tempted any of us alone into that diningroom. 'it is just as I have told you all along,' said Aunt Barlow. 'It is not safe for four women to live alone. Will you come with me. or will you not?' So, in a band, Lou well behind, we entered the diningroom, to lind that Ueauty had indeed been promenading the table. But by that time our fears had reached such a pitch that nothing would do but to count all the spoons, then the forks, and finally to gather up all the silver, and return with it in a hurry to the sittingroom. Somehow the diningroom always seemed the focus of our fears. Bv that time a kind of frenzy came over us, and when some body— I am not sure it was not I— proposed our getting other of our valuables, it was at once seized upon as a wise suggestion. In a Dody, Lou bearing the double student lamp (less as a means of illumination, iroro her manner of carrying it, than a weapon to be Hung at the burglar, who was probably hiding under some bed), we went over the house, collecting every bit of valuable property, even that stored away in odd nooks and corners, Aunt Barlow unearthing her precious goid watch from the recesses of the feather-bed she always would sleep on, and bringing to light from behind one corner of the carpet the pair of diamond ear rings she had promised td the first bride. Matilda clutched.the gold chain, and 1 added a roll of bills, fifty dollars, the pay fora storv, the cheque for which I had cashed only that morning, and my inatch-box. Lou did not add my special piece ot property, biit was of much assistance in reminding us of this or that valuable slowed away in some odd place, or out of use so long it had been forgotten We huddled tlipm in our aprons or over- skirts and returned to tin* sittingroom to wait for Mi*. Forbes. Even in our terror I forgave his laughter when he came at last and found the sittingroom presenting the appearance of a pawnbroker's shop, with four dishevelled females sitting about in attitudes of disconsolate fear. Even ghost stories had lost their charm for that last half-hour, and in silence had we waited for the footfall of our protector. We could laugh a little hys terically with him in our relief, but begged him, just for that one night, to take uur property under his own charge. We should not sleep unless we knew it was in his room. Lulled, however, by that security, and tired with the excitement and unwonted late hour, we overslept the next morning, and it was two hours past the usual time that we could talk over, at the breakfast table, the terror of the previous night. A little shame mingled with our daylight views, and I think none of us were sorry that Mr. Forbes, having breakfasted at the usual time, had gone into town. He would be back at his ordinary hour, and we did without spoons and forks at breakfast and dinner, for he had forgotten to leave behind the key to his secretary. And then Billy walked in in the afternoon, and had so much to tell us that we could only allude briefly to our boarder, and pass ingly to our excitement of the preceding night However, Billy knew us. But Mr. Forbes did not come on the usual train, and Jack Walcott did. He walked straight into the house without ringing, and greeted us with as little ceremony as though he had seen us every night for a month, instead of making one brief call. What had come over Jack in that month we had tried to guess, but could arrive at nothing more satisfactory than the humiliating conclusion that Billy had been the attraction for him, and not our charms. 'I have some sorry news for you aootit Walter Forbes, he began, direct-ly. ' I thought I had better break it to you gently, rather ,th an, .jiaVe you learn it through the papers, knowing how 'rnucbiyou-wefe a\l attached to him.' He addressed us all, but hw'eyes \vere'Vastfened on iiip. ' Embezzled. Absconded.' S ' Whi«\\! 'J'r^f: lA*ns a fonrfio/d exclamation, and even the one word had not ooife^ till afteb'arfull minute's paralyzed pause. Billy left the ?jrOom. Sptnetiifng kept us all from speaking still. We were 'trying to* aVlurst our ideas of the universe. Walter Forbes a ? . N.oTA'rev&Qjfm; not say the word even t - ourselves. ? *\Spnrfe mistalce turned up two or three days ago, but nothing 'wassaid about it to him. Experts were set to work on his books, and it seems he has been helping himself systematically for the last year. He got wind of it somehow, perhaps over the books last night, and did not put in an appearance this morning. A sad pity. Such a nice young fellow ! And it is the seventh case that has taken place on the street since spring.' With one accord we took out our handkerchiefs and began to cry. Ah ! I know why I was crying. But why in the world were all the others crying with equal vigour? Billy had come back. 'I've broken open the secretary.' he said. 'There's nothing there. Will it be a heavy sentence, Jack, if they get him? Hope they will. Not so much as a fork left. 1 suppose it's safe to bo ten years ?' 'They'll probably get him. All of ten years.' Somehow that idea freed our tongues, and woman- like we pro ceeded'^ judge with our feelings, not our judgment. ' Poor dear fellow !' murmured Aunt Barlow, 'How he must have sutfere.l !' 'You heartless boy I ' cried Matilda. ' Couldn't you telegraph him, or do something? ' anxiously. ' You don't mean he's taken all our things too? ' cried Lou. Billy added nothing. His face was to the window, but Ins shoulders were shaking. Y.ot what there was ridiculous in the situation it was impossible to see. ' I'll never believe he was to blame. They have no business to put such temptation in a man's way. Seven cases ! How perfectly dreadful ! Charles Lamb says there is an end to every man's honesty, and it wasn't his fault if it was too much for him,' 1 said, warmly but incoherently. Jack made no answer. Something, however, in his face made me feel that he disbelieved utterly the truth of my somewhat rambling defence. After all, was it really Jack Walcott's com uion-placeness thnt made him such a pillar of strength ? Yes, the long- looked-for burglar had come at last, and, as mis fortunes are apt to, in an entirely unforeseen form. ^ We never saw or heard of any piece of our property again. There was a report that Walter Forbes had been seen in South America, and was liked and respected there : and we ate our meals with plated forks, were stinted in the number of our spoons, and had now no property to worry over. W« never by any chance alluded to our bourder. By common consent his name was banished from our board and hearth, but the reason for that consent we never dwelt upon even to ourselves. Billy, by the greatest exercise ot forbearance his young soul had ever known, forbore to spenk ot him, only his eyes would twinkle now and then os they rested on the bare sideboard, and Aunt Barlow could never refrain from a portentous sigh when beef stew was set upon the table. It was a dish we all grew to hate. , But, after all, 1 think tho thing 1 mourn the most is my match box. The contract for the erection of the new railway bridge over the lliver Yarra, at the Falls, was signed on February ?- W Messrs. David Munro and Co., who paid the deposit of ±,5,JUU at the Kail way Commissioners' office. The amount of the contract is £100,834 13s. -Id., and the work is to be completed within two years, under penalties of £30 per day. Messrs. Munro and oo. have engaged a large stall' of men, and they anticipate that twy will have no difficulty in constructing and erecting the ^rlflh, within the stipulated time. The same firm is building tne.b0U'J Yarra mil way bridge und the new l'riitce's-bridge,, ut the tooco^ Swanston-stree.t. 