FOOTBALL. The annual meeting of the Adelaide and North Park Football Club3 was held at the Southern Cross Hotel on Thursday evening. About sixty members were present, and Mr. L. P. Lawrence occupied the chair. The treasurer's report showed a very satisfactory, balance in hand. The following were elected, officers for the ensuing seasonPatron, Mr. J. Acraman; president, Mr. L. P. Lawrence; vice-presidents (twenty-six); secretary of Ade laides, Mr. R. Lewis; treasurer, Mr. W. H, Sharland, jun.; secretary of North Parks, P. Lawrence; committee, Messrs, R. Whitfield, h. Hamilton, E. Giles, F. Everett, and work ing officers; match committee of Adelaides, Messrs. J. D. Stephens, H. Hamilton, aud D. G. Evan; match committee of North Parks, Messrs. A. W. Richardson, F. A. Fiveash, and A. Sharland; delegates to S.A.F.A., Messrs. G. M. Evan and R. Hall; special delegates, Messrs. H. Hamilton, A. Dick, and R. Lewis; delegates to A. and S.F.A., Messrs. Stow, Smith, and F. A. Fiveash; special delegate to A. and S.F. A-» Mr. P. Lawrence; auditors, Messrs. C. Duffield and F. A. Fiveash. The election of captain and vice-captain of each, twenty was left over until the first match. Mr. D. Green's services as trainer for the Adelaides was accepted, and twenty-one new members were elected. At 5 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, March 24 (says the Mount Barker Courier), Mr. John Reed, who has had the oversight of the rail way works between Nairne and the Victorian border ever since their commencement, drove home the fastening of the last rail of the line. Between Nairne and the Murray Bridge com munication has been open for some months, and it is now several weeks since the desert line was completed. Messrs. Millar Bros. left the fourteen miles of platelaying from Tailem Bend to the eastern side of Murray Bridge until they could work it with sleepers and ballast from the Border Town end, and now that work is brought to a satisfactory, conclusion. There is, consequently, a clear run from Adelaide to the Viotorian border, and, before the end of the year, the missing link between this point and Dimboola will be supplied, and communication with Melbourne will be an accomplished fact. There are yet some finishing touches to be given to the com pleted line, and it is not the intention of the department to begin passenger and goods traffic until May 1. There was no official ceremony in connection with last Wednesday's proceedings, but Mr. Henry Robinson, of the firm of Robinson & Haig, remembered the platelayers and other workmen engaged on the line to the extent of 36 gallons of beer. The total length of the railway between Adelaide and the Victorian border is just short of 200 miles. Under the heading "In Hot Water," the Mount Barker Courier tells the following story:—Last week some rather disagreeable conversation passed between a navvy add a young woman at Tailem Bend—the amenities and decencies of language being totally ignored. Next evening the lady had neither forgotten por forgiven the' coarse apd offen sive words directed against tier social reputa tion, and, seeing: the nawvy in her neighbor hood! sent a boy tn ted ^iim that she waited to speak to him. The -man, thinking that the olive branch was goirig to be held out, went at once; The lady waited until he was within a few yards of the opening of her teat, she walked ont and Balnted him with a bucket of boiling water on his face and shoulders. The result was the loss of hiB flowing beard, and the parboiling of the skin on his neck, which had the appearance of that of a pig newly scalded. A summons was served on the woman on Friday latt, citing her to appear at Wellington on Saturday morning at 10 o'clock. She did not come, however, having in the meanwhile gone to Border Town by the train. A telegraphic message reached that place before her arrival, and she wa3 immediately arrested and brought back to Tailem Bend by the return train. On Monday forenoon the charge against her was heard by Messrs. Jer vois and Bonnin, and, after listening to the evi dence, the gentlemen considered that some thing was proved against her, and sentenced her to two months' imprisonment. A series of strange events and curious mistakes is thus reported by the Burros Record as having occurred at Kooringa shortly after midnight on Tuesday :—" It appears that some person or persons made up their miad to have a 'lark,' and during the night the/ daringly effected an entrance into Mr. T. Halls's yard and there poisoned his dog, but thinking the first 'dose' would not prove fatal they discharged a gun at the animal, but missed it. The dose, however, took effect, and the dog died shortly afterwards. Tne charge that was intended for the dog struck the door and window of the dwelling-house. The noise awoke Mr. Halls, who got up and went outside to see if he could ascertain the cause of the gun being shot off so near his house, but not a sound could then be heard. He was determined to try and catch the offenders, so he harnessed a pair of horses to a buggy, and was about to start off when he heard a second report of a gun at the end of Lower Thames street. Now comes the most laughable part of the proceedings. It appears two young girls were just coming from the post-office (so they say, but rather a late hour to get letters from the post-office), and when they got near their home they saw something on an old well, which they told each other wa3 a ghost, and being young in years and very timid, they could not think of going inside before this object was removed. They at once decided to arouse Mr, Blight, and they did so. When they awoke him, he asked them what they wanted, and they replied saying, 'There is a ghost out here.' Mr. Blight got up, opened the door, and saw the object, which he also pronounced to be a ghost. He got his gun and put a charge of powder in it and fired, and the supposed ghost shuffled off at a pfetty quick rate. By this time Mr. Halls arrived, and he found that it was someone else having 'soma fun,' A start was then made to capture the ' ghost,' but it disappeared from their eyes. A3 they were looking about they saw a young man returning home, and thinking the ghost had come in another form they all made for him— with sticks, mallee rails, and guns—and re quested him to' bail up!' On investigating, how ever, it was found they had made a mistake, as the young man in question said he knew nothing of the affair. At this time a great number of people were aroused from their slumber, and had come ont to see what had occurred. Neither 'ghost' nor the offenders who shot at the dog could be seen in Kooringa, so a start was made for Redruth by several young men, and they perchanced to come across another innocent individual and they gave chase after him. After unsuccessfully 'halting' one or two other persons they returned home about two o'clock in the moraine. And, as yet, we have not heard of either the ghost or the offenders who shot at the dog being captured." The annual general meeting of shareholders in Maurice Salom & Company was held at the City Auction Mart on Friday, March 2(5. There were nine shareholders present, repre senting in all 37,410 shares, and Mr; S. D. Glyde, M.P. (chairman of directors) presided. The directors' reportand balance-sheet were laid before the meeting, and the chairman in moving their adoption stated that the balance to credit of profit and loss on January 31, after allowing for all bad and doubtfnl debt3, was £2,652 lis., out of which an interim dividend at the rate of 8 per cent, per annum had been paid on September 4,1S85, absorbing £1,000, and leaving a balance of £1,652 lis., which the directors had decided to carry forward. He drew attention to the auditors' concluding sentence in their report, namely, " That no reduction has yet been made in the premises and goodwill account." On account of his position on the board he did not desire to question the right of the. auditors' action, but left it to the shareholders to express an opinion as to whether they should write a sum off to any particular account, or simply carry for ward their undivided profits as a balance carried forward. For his part he thought tha course they had hitherto adopted the most desirable. Mr. C. H. T. Hart, in seconding the adoption of the report, commented on the auditors' remarks, and protested against any such report being attached by any auditors to any balance-sheet. He considered they were travelling beyond their province by adding such a rider to their certificate. It was the auditors' duty to certify as to the correctness of the figures and to check the cash and bills, and not to value the assets. It S9emed to him that there was an idea abroad just now that directors should do the bookkeeping, and that auditors should do the directors' work—a state of affairs which he strongly protested against. Mr. Hiram Mildred, in supporting the motion, was of Mir. Hart's opinion, and characterised the auditors' action as impudence. The reports were adopted. The chairman, in the absence of nominations for other candidates, declared the retiring directors (Messrs. Hi O. E. Muecke and J. T. Nankivell) elected again to the positions. Mr. W. Hamilton considered the directors'fees (jointly £35Q) too high, andmoved that they be reduced to £250. This was seconded by Mr. Hiram Mildred. The chair man deemed it undesirable in the preaent state of times to reduce either the number of directors or their remuneration, as the money, considering the anxiety and time occupied in faithfully attending to their duties, was well earned, and although it was perhaps a delicate subject for him to speak about, ha did not hesitate to express this opinion on tha part of himself and his co-directors. Mr. Hart objected entirely to reducing the fees, as he wa3 in favor of paying men well who did their duty. The resolution was lost. The election of auditors was then proceeded with, the result beirig in favor of Messrs. H. Stodart _ and Hiram Mildred. The sum of fifteen guineas each was voted to the auditors for their services for the past year. The fourth of a series of monthly entertain ments was given by the members of the Welsh Free Church on Thursday evening in tha Alfred Masonic Hall. The Rev. R. Jones presided over a large and appreciative audi ence, and an excellent programme, consisting of songs, recitations, and'impromptu speephe3, was well carried out. The following document enclosed in a bottle was picked up on Sleaford Beach, near Port Lincoln, between the Bluff and the Old Fishery, by Mr. W. Boyd, on March 7:— "Ship Greta, of Liverpool; barque Isle of Anglesea in company; steering south. Lat. 36° 32' S., all well; loDg. 136° 30' E. February 4, 1886. P.S.—If picked up please report, as this is to tell how the current runs along Kangaroo Island.—W. D. Cassady, Master." Oscar Smith's Indian Tourist Party repeated their pleasing entertainment at Garner's Rooms on Friday evening in the presence of a good auditory. The funniment3 of the end men, the vocal efforts of the company, and the terpsichorean performances all met with approval which manifested itself in constant applause. This evening there will b8 an entire change of programme, and new faces will be introduced. Amongstothers Miss Jenny Nye, the vocalist and dancer, and Mr. H. Townley, will appear. An interesting game of polo will be played on the Old Racecourse, East Park Lands, this afternoon between two. sides chosen from tha Adelaide Club, over 30 and under 30 years, the former comprising Messrs. J. L. Stirling, G. C. Hawker, jun., E. W. Hawker, and O. H. T. Hart, and the latter Messrs. T. Barr Smith, Allan Baker, S. Rolli, and H. Bowman. There should be a good contest between these Bkilled players. The concert by the Military Band on Friday evening attracted a large orowd to tha Rotunda, and fortunately the weather was very favorable for the enjoyment of the music* The band carried out the programme^ which included "Marche Ennoble" (Beethoven)* played in memory of the late Mr. John, w hinham. A number of other good selections were also carried out with success. On Friday evening Mr, A. W. Dobbie de livered his popular lecture on " The Wonder* of Mesmerism and Clairvoyance," in_ tha Brompton Wesleyan lecture- hall, in aid of the circuit funds, The lecturer gave exhibitions of his mesmeric influence to the delectation of the audience, the subjects (local) being quite subservient to his will. The Mayor of Hind marsh (Dr, J. Hees) presided, and there was a good attendance. Miss_ N, Orchard con tributed selections of music. The meeting of tha Baptist Gospel Tem perance Society, held. in. the Garrondown Baptist Church on Fridaykyemug, was largely attended. The chair occupied by the Rev. W. R. Hiddlestone, whp referred to the growth of the temperance movement at Hind marsh, and stated that mrrangementii wero pending for. the. coalition of the Congregational, Bible Christian, aqd Baptist temperance organisations with a view of concentrating their efforts to advance the local movement against the drink, traffic. A family of Welsh vocalists named Frances rendered some part music, which wns greatly appreciated. Ad dresses wer^ given by several members of tha society. The weekly meeting ol the Gospel Temperance Mission, was held on Thursday night in the- Labor Leag'ae Hal!, the president (Mr. VVallbank) in the cj>air. Mr. Fry crave ft very impressive address on the evils of drink, and some musical selections were, rendered. Fourteen persons eigued the pledge. 