ST. JAMEs' CHU.RCH. The morning service was conductMe by Mr E. H. Smith. He preached a well-considered sermon from RIomans vi-vi, by which lie showed that by a just appeal to the consciences of miel, they were made aware of the folly of sin. In the evening the TncumlWent preached. The subject of discourw was "The Defence of Stephen.' Pontious Pilate having failed to please the Jews and finding him.self in inestimable diftioulties oomumittel suicide. And when the martyr was on his trial there was no Governor to call the+ murderers to account. San hedrim was a violent body of llen backed up by. a wild populhve Our hero could expect no money fromn them, Great stress is laid on his face. They u saw his face as it had been the face of an angel."' Physiognomy is 'Iot always a satisfaction, but generfally speaking the face is the index, the dial-plate of the soul. Cares and trials for which we are not accountable may betray themselves in our features, But in dedicati?g ourselves to such pursuits as Christian joy corresponding resuits follow. This is not fanaticism, for the Holy Ghost must just be gilM before we can eXpeolieoo or wn:,nifCes such joy. Nor was there rashness on Stephen's part. Some have been bohl to meet death because ignorant or thoughtless. He counted the costC and met it joyfully because he was strengthened. This joy, however, haId an irritating effect on his judges. It "rritated because it condemneii them. It is worthy of notice, too, the diflbrent eflects produced at different times by radient counteeltpes. W1helt the skin of Moses' faeo shone as he carne down from the mount the people fled-here fear predominated. On Ohrist coming down from the mount of transfiguration, the people, when they saw Him ran to meet him there otnfid?once or attraction was prevalent. In our martyr's oase rage was uppermost. And only that they were spell-bound they would not hsib tolerated his long oration. They Ii him go on till he called them murdert. which indeed they proved thenm~ i ' to be, 