ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. f (Br InsE Gnoest.) During the week the proceedings in Par- I liament have been more than usually in- 1 teresting. The Governmenthlts sustained its first defeat, having been beaten on a I division by 35 votes to 28 onan important I clause of the Irrigation Bill. The question e at issue was whether there should be "free i grants" to water trusts, and the Assembly being in an economical moot4 resolved that all monies requiired to carry out the details a of the various.Irrigation schemes should e simply be advanced by way of loans bear- 2 ing interest. One of the most important i propositions of the Government has thus I been negatived; and as it appears from thi tone of the Assembly that some of the other proposals in the Irrigation measure are equally distasteful to the House, there 1 is every probability that by the time the v Bill has beeoonsubmitted to the "tinkbr- t ing" of both branches of the Legislature it it will bear so small a resemblance to Mr. n Deakin's original that even the authors of n its existence will have soome difficulty in recognising their handiwork. As both the Government and the opposition have: re, peatedly stated that there was no desire to makeo the Irrigation slemo a '" party' qnes (t tion" the scramble •for Ministorial 1 fuvours-- i'hich under the original propo t sals of the Government would have been t inevitable--has now been made impossible. a 'Thio interest 'shown in regard to c the magnus opus of the session is not likely to he very keen : in '(the 'future, and it may therefore he predicted that tlhoIrrigation Bill will not he further . debated at any great lengthll,and be ready areb long to be sent 'to.' anothei: place" to r receive the filishing touchls ,it requires I before being placed- on the Victoriau statute Bdok. • 1 Generally speaking, " annual orations" on any given subject in Parliamuent, are not a success. Sir Wilfred Lawson, the persistent teototal member of the Britislh House of Commons, generally delivers his t yearly: speech against.the continuance of 6 the liquor trafllic to a bare quorum; and Dlr. liarpor is not much more fortu inato in Victoria in his 'periodical onslaughts on the educational systelm of the colony. As the studied' oraioti proceeded. honourable members one bh) one glided from the chamber, and when th1i honourable member hadl : spokent for ad hour, attontion was called to the fact that no quorumn was present, and the, speakeo had to count out the house. Mr. IHarpec dwelt nt'length upon the advantageof th j Danadianupohin, but in the absence of "th pressure-from withou't" to which thb nmajority of thei people's representatives so readily adapt their views, Mr lHarjidr arguments fell upon deaf ear, and gentlemen who do not in their hearts of hearts; care a button whether the Bible or the Koran.is read in the State Schools, were by the sudden collapse of the debate, debarred from expressing their .deep re gard for the present state of matters edsi 'cational,; and "the act" as at ,present, framed-the principal charm of which cod sists haldly so much in its "secular" and "compulsory" character, as in its absence of cost to the bulk of .' the people." Thub little Parliamentary episode would bo hardly worth chronicling but for the fact that a gentleman occupying a conspicuou?s position in the "goody-goody"world,has tl5e, courage to assail what has been hithertfi looked upon as a kind of fetish, not'to b' spoken of except in terms of abject rever ence; and that his example may in tinme lead others who now join in the parrot er,' anent the " inviolability" of the Educa tion Act, to consent to allow its amend ment where it has over and over again been shown to be faulty. I The troubles of the unemployed in Mfei bourne have come to an end, almost is suddenly as they commenced. It was only requisite for the Government to offer work in order to discover that work was really not wanted by the agitators. Some of the persons who alleged they and their familids were starving declined manual laboir, sri it "blistered their hands," whilo others, taking advantage of the free railway passes provided by the Commissioners 6f Railways, returned to the country after !a week's holiday in tie i.metropolis. 'The movenent, like most of its predecessors of a similar kind, evidently originated with the class " who go'about asking for work, while praying they may not1 get it", Victoria, although it may be "a paradide for the workingman," contaiis an average share of "loafers, : ': Parliament as a body has never takeh kindly.to the Civil Service Commissioners. HIonourable meumbers are wrath-at lsaving been deprived of thed patronsge they wore wont to exeet in virtue- of their reprd sentative position, and on. every. possible occasion show their vexation. IDebates on matters connected, with the Civil'Service are therefore invariably acrimonious and personual and tble.last one itidulgejl in on Thursday forms no orception to the rule. Mr. Jones, the member for Ballarati, enquired if it was thbl cas that a gentld man from the Customs department' had been promoted to be Examiner of Titles in the Titles Office. The Attorney-General forgetting his usual suavity-replied some what curtly, and the enquiring member at once moved the formal adjournment of the House in order to further ventilate the matter. At the first blush it does seem somowhat strange to outsiders that a. person who has been engaged in examining luggage and soft goods should be chosen to examine titles, and it waus not until full details had been given by the Ministry, and the explanation vouchsafed that the Customs official was really Sabarrister-at-lawv that peaoo again reigned in the Assembly. During the debate the important statement was made that the Ministry did not " in all cases " accept and Iact upon the recommendations of the Civil Service Commissioners, but ignored those officials when it was found convenient to do so. This information wasre apparently welcomed by a number of " Ministers ex pectant," who deem the position of a Miuister nothing if there are no loaves maid fishes to bestow on friends and relatives or iniluential supporters, and acted na oil upon the troubled waters of the populur chamber. The following story whiclh has beec going tle rounds of the Law Courts shows tile " cheek" andl ready wit of young Aus tralia. A few days since one of the Sup reos Court judges noticed for hIis rigid deplortment and stern demeanour was making Isis way fully robed from the Court whlere he had just been presiding to his pri vateroom,whlceq on the thrsresholdhe cnleuea tered three urchins, ragged amn barefooted, and of the true street Arab type. Tile youngsters had been anmsing themselves by cxpcctoratiig at large, as is the want of the larrikin class. " \YWhat are yeou boys doing here ?" sternly enquired his LHonor. No way abashed, the youngest of the trio promptly replied, "Please, sir, wo'se the P'ress." They were Hiera hi rI?t?so, Sept. ,4. 