EXAGGERATIONS: . . ." We cannot doubt that much of the evil which disturbs the Church of Eng land, of late years, has been fostered by the loose and exaggerated sayings con cerning the Lord's Supper, which Bishops and Presbvters have allowed thAmspdvns to use, and which have no authority in the Word of God. " The Lord's Supper," says one bishop, " ® most important of all the Church's services." Another writes " It is the highest act of Christian worship." And a third, in a recent charge, speaks to the same effect. "Rnf. nrlianA 4M 4-l.n — Cf - J nuv/iw is mo i/i ouripuure said to be " the most important of all the Church's services?" What! more im portant than the other sacrament, bap- - tism ? — more important than that other ordinance of God, " the preaching of the Word," the chief appointed means for applying to man Christ's purchased salva tion ? Cor. i. 2 L. Then again " the highest act of Chris tian worship." How " highest "? , Does worship consist in any thing external'to the mail ? Is not worship an act of " the heart"? Do they really intend to say that the devout soul in the retirement of- the chamber, does not offer as ' " high," and so as acceptable, a service to God as in the midst of his fellow- Christians at the holy table ? The assertion seeihs as un philosophic as it is unwarranted by Scripture. Is there not, here, perhaps, a contusion of terms1 — "worship" put for CEREMONY ? The highest " ceremony," as Rome makes it, it may be. But we are' not Roman Catholics, and ." ceremony " is one thing, worship is another.. Our own observation also leads to the conclusion that there is little union between the'two \- nay, that where there is the most ceremony, there, as a rule, is- the least worship. A very common phrase is, " The Eu charist is the central act of divine wor ship;"';; ; ' ' Worship.", As our Lord instituted Supper there was little " worship " connected with' it. He " gave thanks," aud after the partaking "they sang a hymn." "Of course, worship should ac company the act. . -But .in. tho institution the object was not . worship, but " me morial," " This do in remembrance of Me." Then, as to the term " central act of worship. If worship be not the primary object in view of the institution its centralisation therein, of course, falls to the ground. Here is another dictum, "As a Pres byter of the Church I perform the two highest offices of the Christian Church in the administration of the Sacraments." Now the highest office of the Church is not the administration of sacraments. The highest office of the Church is to "preach the Gospel." Christ did. not administer sacraments ; Jn. iV. 2— Nor did Peter, Acts x.48 ; — Nor did Paul, Cor. i. 17. Their work was "to preach." Inferior ordinances were administered by inferior officers of the Church. (Acts x.) The Apostles were not functionaries. To the Apostolate belouged preaching. Any one, if thereto appointed, can administer sacraments. But to " preach the Word," in the proper sense of preaching; requires the gifts of the Holy Ghost, which all do not possess. Inferior men will deprecate that to which they cannot attain, and un duly exalt that which lies within the com pass of their own slender capability. Hence the glorification of sacraments, ceremonies, &s.;, to which they are able to attain, -and the disparagement of the glorious " Ministry of the Word," which is beyond the compass of their powers. The following are quotations from two excellent clergymen. The first from one of two vols, of Bermons on the questions of the day. "The Sacraments," writes the first, " constitute he greatest religio'us acts of the Christian life. Of all the ordinances of Christianity they are the highest and most sacred." Again, " The communion of the Lord's Supper ' is, of all meaus of grace, the highest, noblest, and most elevating." In another vol. written with the same view (to guide thought) the preacher opens with the following sentence. "I approach the subject with feelings of awe ana reverence." " Reverence." Of course. Who would not wish to ' speak reverently of any appointment (specially such a one as this) of our divine Savionr? But "awe." " Awe " ! Whence " awe " ? Is there anything about "awe " in Scripture con nected with the Supper? Think what produces awe — A conflagration — An in undation sweeping all before it — An earthquake — The hurricane — The desert, —The roar of the thunder,— The glare of the lightning, — These produce " awe," for awe is connected with terror.— But, a banquet — a communion — a gathering of- fribuds— a Father's table — Where did the writer learn from Scripture that there is any " awe " in that ? " Awe " 1 Did one not know him to be a Son, one might from such a term suppose him to be yet in bondage. But, No. He wrote " tradi tionally." For the moment, he forgot the "Word. Then the other. Where in Scripture did he find out that the Sacraments are ' the highest and most sacred of all the Christian ordinances " — and, " the Supper of all means of grace the highest, noblest, and most elevating "? Is there in the general silence of Scrip ture on the subject of the sacraments anything to warrant these assertions? What in this language, then, becomes of the Word — God's Word! Is not that to be put first? Has not that preced ence of everything ? " Thou hast magni fied Thy Word above all Thy name." Was not the pious; writer of those sen tences " born of tlie W ord Jam. i, is —" sanctified by the Word ;" Jn. xv, 3 — "quickened by the Word;" Ps. 119 — " saved by the Word ;" II. Tim, iii, 15. Surely then, first, and forembst, must come the Word. — "I commend you to God and to the Word of His grace," says S," Paul, " not to sacraments," when taking a final leave of his friends at Mile tus. 'Acts xv. 23. Too common is this error; of putting Sacraments before the Word, We have inherited1 the mistake, with many others, from Popery, But. the word is the thing. ; :iThe quantity, and the quality, also of the preaching one so constantly, hears ou what is emphatically called the sacrament (as if there was no other!) painfully shews how . little ' many minister's have studied the proportion, which this ordinance bears to: the rest of the Word. The skilled musician harps not on one string, but from many strings produces, harmony. Notice some " superstitious usages " arising out of these " exaggerated views." We see our clergy introduce kneeling even to the'actof consuming the remains of the bread. after the service is over. Is not such superstition a near approach , to . idolatry ? Cloudy and half fetish views lead' to unmanly and paganish action. If our Reformers, instead of following the Pope's kneeling use at the mass, had ..returned to Christ's use at the Supper, \- Clergy and Laity, would not now be -in 'this' " peril of idolatry. — The one thing for , us all is , to stick close to the word o:f:god./:j; ; j r\':- " ' ;. fTlje; Rev.'. M.' Brock tells this story. — lAbst' rOTgecfablemedical -man, who was cal 1 ed f in v tb "atten d! (too lace) a R. 0. ecclesiastic of rank' who died 'suddenly, told me 'thatj' after., he was' dead;V.they put Jth e ; wa fer ! in t o his .'in oath.? Nay, I know ;aprbteat'aht clergymah, whq;did the same thing ;to a man,'- who was insensible.— Nor is this to be wondered at, where men suppose there is some mysterious virtue in the ceremony of consecration. Thus, a Bombay paper reported that the Rev. ————— an Indian chaplain, was by his Bishop suspended three months for administering the bread to a corpse. J ust what a fetish priest would do. In such cases it is a charm, iu which sense Picart informs us it was used either to avert evil, to excite love, to give fer tility, and buried with one (a piece laid on the stomach of the corpse) to chase evil spirits. — The same principle leads some of our clergy to instruct the young to come to the Lord's table with bowings, prostrations, crossed hands, licking par ticles from their hands, &c.;, unmanly actions dishonourable to God, reproachful to the clergy, and degrading to them selves. And look at this " exaggeration " of the Lord's prayer from a popular book of devotion among us. Give us this day, &c.; ; " Feeding our souls with the precious food of the body and blood of J. 0." Forgive us our, &c.; ; " In all past neglects and unworthy re ceptions of holy communion," &c.; — Thus, the domestic meal is turned into a church rite; and a general prayer for pardon narrowed into one special petition con cerning that rite not then even instituted ! "What wap the writer thinking of? — Not Scripture, but tradition. Another step, and we are brought to Bonaventura's parody of the same prayer, addressed to Mary ! " Notre Mere, qui es aux cieux, ton nom soit sauct ifie," &c.; Superstition is progressive First, in the prayer we see the bread, then Mary !— What next ? 