MARTIN DEVERIL'S DIAMOND. A NOVEL, By Adeline Sebgeant, Author of " Jacobi'b Wife," &c;, CHAPTER IX. THE OTHEE SIDE. Uicely's disappointment in Mr. Giles King lake's demeanour led her to welcome his promised visit next day with very little pleasure, although her manner remained studiously, and even anxiously, courteous to him. He seemed bent solely on thoughts of business—he made notes, measurements, and drawings, and when he came into lunch at her invitation he talked a good deal about recent literature with Mrs. Le Breton, whom he appeared to find a very interesting com panion, and very little about the work that he waB doing amongBt " the manor houses of Kent." At another time Cicely would have been pleased to listen to him, for he talked, unaffectedly and well about subjects in which she was at home; but Bhe was rather put out of tune by the discovery that she had lavished a good deal of sympathy where it was not needed, and, although she avowed herself heartily glad of the fact, it was not in human nature that she should be devoid of some consciousness of humiliation. She was quieter and graver, therefore, . than usual, and Giles Kinglake would cer tainly have set her down for a child of' seventeen had he not known from various other facts that she must be over that age. He went back to his work alter luncheon expecting to see no more of her; but it hap pened that abont 4 o'clock the two encoun tered each other in the garden, at a point which Kinglake would scarcely have reached had he not well remembered his way abont the grounds. He raised his hat when he saw Cicely, and apologised. " 1 was trying to take the short cut from the house to the Church. Miss Lorraine," he said. " You have blocked up the gate, I see, . at this end of the grounds." " Yes," said Cicely, briefly. " Papa wished ■ to keep the village people out. They made a thoroughfare of the garden." "Just so. Then 1 must go round by the road?' "There is a little gate further on," said: Cicely, in a somewhat ill-assured voice. "It has only been made lately, although my. father consented to it before he died. I—we —thought that the people were incon venienced by the change, and we wanted to keep everything as it had been in the old days—in the days of your family." " It looks to me as if things were a great deal better managed now than they were io our day," said Kinglake, aB he followed Cicely down a narrow track through a fir plantation which led to a gate in the fence. " I do not think that you need regret the past, Miss Lorraine." " Bnt surely you must regret it!" said Cicely, indignantly. ^ , "I'm afraid I don't. I never regretted Ladywell Priory in the least, if that is what you mean." " But haven't you any sense of old associa tions when you come here? I often wssh that the Grange was mine; there are real memo ries of our own people connected with it. I like it much better than the Priory. 1 like to be amongst my own people, and I should have thought, Mr. Kinglake, that you would like it too. . . ...... There was distinct reproach in Ciceljra tone. She resented Mb hardness of heart with respect to old associations as if it had been an injury done to herself. "I am still amongst my own people, so far as I have any," said he, meditatively. " All the relations that I have are with me in London, Miss Lorraine. I have made my own associations." "Ah, but think of all the ghosts that you have left behind 1" cried Cisely. "I hope my ghosts don't annoy you," said Mr. Kinglake. " In my time they weTe very quiet and well-bred; they never came unin vited." Cicely was obliged to laugh. " I feel as if you should have taken your spectres with you." she said. "Ifoncyitis only the ghoBts of one's own relations that are tolerable." "Perhaps so." Then he was silent and seemed to reflect a little. " I'll tell you how I should get rid of them, Miss Lorraine. I should refurnish the place completely. I should lay bare the picture gallery and fill it with really good paintings: in fact, I should banish all trace of the paBt from every part of the house, and • restore' it after the newest fashion. It must be very disagreeable to live in a place where the existence oi former occupants is forced upon you whether, you like it or not." " Do you mean," said Cicely, slowly, "that you would feel no regret at aU if we changed everything in the place that reminded people of yonr family ? that, supposing we had at once called in Maple—or MorriB even—and metamorphosed every room in the houee, yon would absolutely—not—mind ?" For the first time Mr. Kinglake hesitated and pulled his beard a little doubtfully. They had both halted near the gate which opened upon the highroad, and were facing each other. Cicely's eyes were fixed earnestly upon his face—it was plain that the question was one of no trivial importance to her. Giles Kinglake's look was bent upon the ground. i> " 1 won't say," he answered at last, " that I should like to see bo complete a change as the one you seem to suggest. I should perhaps feel that it was a pity to sweep away anything that might be called of historic interest. But it seems to me, Miss Lorraine, if you will forgive me for saying bo, that you I have been preserving things that are of very ! little value ; and my advice to you would bo to keep only the things you like for their own sake, not the things that you think the former occupants cared for." " I think everybody with any taste prefers old things that have a history to the Brand- ! mew, shining, varnished articles out of an upholsterer's shop," said Cicely, with some defiance of manner. I- "Of course. But there is a point where new furniture becomes necessary," said King lake, dryly. " There was another pause, and then Cioely laughed, and seemed to regain her usual gay good, humour. " I was afraid that you would look with -scorn on our modern innovations," she said, " Not at all. I like modern innovations;" " Unromantic though they may be ?" "I'll tell you what it is, Miss Lorraine," said Giles, with decision which was not devoid of bluntness, " I don't think you know or can imagine what a life ours was during the last few years of our stay here, or you would never expect me to have kept up a sentimental fondness for the place. Do you know what poverty iB ? Can you guess what it is to have a big place like this which you can't keeD up, and to live in constant fear that the bailiffs may appear in your drawing room any morning? or to know that members ■of your family—your mother, perhaps, or your Bisters—are suffering for want of money which the sale of the house would put into your hands ? I was a precocious boy, and I felt these matters very keenly; and it was to me at least like the lifting oi a great load from my shoulders when my father made up his mind to sell the place, pay his debts, and live quietly abroad. He felt the change, and I believe that my mother felt it too; but, to tell the truth, 1 didn't." "Now I understand," said Cicely. Giles Kinglake did not look as it' he heeded her response. His face was turned from her, his brow bent, his eye fixed on a distant point before him. A new thought crossed Cicely's mind. She "Cone down this walk with me. I must show you something. I want to know whether 1 have done right in this." He followed her, scarcely noticing whither she was leading him, until they reached a plot of ground divided into three or four flower-beds with walks between them, and a low wooden bench under a weeping willow at the side. Kinglake's eyes brightened as he looked at the beds and then into Cicely's face, but he said nothing.. : "Is it true what Farrant told me?" she I began, eagerly. " Were these not little \- children's gardens ? I did not like to disturb them; butnowl do not known She stopped short, and Kinglake answered her with a grateful look. "Yea, these were our gardens when we were children. There were four of ub." k " Farrant said that these two belonged to vour sisters—the little ones who died," said Cicely, colouring and speaking in a low voice. I thought when I came here first that as they had been kept unchanged so long I would keep them too. But this morning I wondered whether I had not been mistaken." "No, you were not mistaken," said Giles, absently. This was Ella's plot, and the other was Kate's. They died of scarlet fever when they were 7 and 9 years old. They were both buried in the churchyard." He paused a moment and then looked into Cicely sympathetic face. "(That was why I ment to go to the churchyard. I remember my little siBters very well." "The other plots belonged to yon and your brother, did they not?" "Yes; that one in the corner was Frank's. He tell in a skirmish with a hill tribe in India ten years ago. We planted that willow-tree together. ■There was a silence. The tears were very mear Cicely s eyes. Mr. Kinglake seemed unconscious of her presence. He paced round the little garden walks, examined some initials — " G. K." and " F. K."— roughly cut upon the bench, and plucked a leaf or two from the willow-tree. His face was quiet and grave—a little moved, perhaps —and for a long time he said nothing. At last he returned to Cicely's side, and spoke in his usual clear and open fashion. " Thank yon, Miss Lorraine," he said. " I dou't mind what you do about the Chippen dale chairs or the portraits of my ancestors, bat I do like to see these little gardens still undisturbed, and I feel deeply obliged to yon for keeping thnm as they were. "I will always keep them so," said Cicely, " and if there is anything else that I can do— .anything that you would like untouched—I shall be glad to carry out your wishes," "There is nothing else, thank yon. Bnt don't feel bound to keep these plots if you want the ground for anything else, Miss Lorraine, just because of an association which is, of course, nothing at all to yon. I confess that it has been a pleasant surprise to me to find them looking so much as they used to do; but after all it signifies very little whether they are here or not. They will always exist unchanged in my memory, and if I close my eyes I shall always be able to see Frank trundling a wheelbarrow down the path, and the two little girls shaking seeds into the soft black mould. " They shall never be altered in my time,' said Cicely with great earnestness, as they walked away. "And, Mr. Kinglake, we shall always be pleased to see you here when you are in the neighbourhood. Even when I am away in the autumn, if you let my cousin Philip know beforehand that you wish to go over the house he would send word to the housekeeper. Perhaps your family—your re lations—would also like to see it." " Yru are veiy kind, Miss Lorraine; but the exigencies of my life don't often allow me to make such expeditions. I am very much I obliged to you for your kind offer. (I and my— my Family' —something of a smile stirred the corners of his lips as he adopted her expres sion—" are very quiet, stay-at-home people. And now you must allow me to say good-bye and to thank you again for your kina care of j those little plots of ground. My mother used often to wonder whether the new owners of the place had dug them up or left them un touched." " I wish she had known," said Cicely, re membering that Mrs. Kinglake had died abroad some years before. " I wish so too," said Kinglake soberly. Then tbey parted—he bending his steps towards tne Church, and thence to the rail way station, and she to the house which she scarcely knew yet whether she liked the better or the woroe for Mr. Giles Kinglake'B visit. At any rate she was freed from the yoke that she bad imposed upon herself for so long. The fear of the Kinglakes was no more before her eyes. The one remaining repre sentative of the family bad quite dissipated her sentimental reverence for its memories. She would be misled no longer by servants' tales; she knew better now what the King lakes were, and what they wished to have preserved. She would certainly keep the gardens unchanged; she would also look after the graves of the two little sisters in Ladywell Churchyard. She would do exactly what Mr. Kinglake advised and wished, and nothing mote. In short Cicely transferred her allegiance from the house of Kinglake in general to Mr. Giles Kinglake in particular, without being at all aware that she had done so. Meanwhile Giles Kinglake went home to "his family," which occupied with him a small red brick house in a London suburb. His visit to Ladywell apparently afforded him some food for reflection. Ashe travelled up to town in a tbird- class carriage, he sat with his eyes fixed on the banks and meadows which he was passing, and seemed absorbed in thought. But before half the journey was over he shook off the sombre mood that oppressed him, and devoted him self to the perusal of a book which he was about to review. It was 8 o'clock when he leached home, and by that time Ladywell Priory and its mistress bad become of far les3 eDgrossing interest to him than the scenes and the character of the romance that he was reading. Giles Kinglake's family did not appear to be a large one. He was admitted by an old woman iu a white cap, who uttered a few words of greeting, and bade him wipe his feet upon the mat as if he were only 10 years old. A dog came out and leaped upon him, but no one else appeared, or gave any sign of greeting. Kinglake ran upstairs for a moment, and spoke to the occupant of one of the upper looms, then came down and ate a frugal and solitary dinner with the old woman, Hannah, and Laird, the collie dog, iu attendance. He read steadily throughout the meal, and only spoke at its close. "I have been to Ladywell to-day, Hannah," he said. "You. Mr. Giles?" "Yes, I went on business. You will be glad to hear that the place is well kept up, and has a good mistress." " Is it very much changed ?" aBked Hannah, in a low, unwilling tone, as her master again took up his book. " Very little, I think. Yon may go and see it yourself if you like, Hannah; Miss Lorraine would not mind, 1 am sure," " It is not very likely that I should go near the place, now that it s gone into the hands of strangers," said Hannah, dryly. "I wonder you could bear it yourself, Mr. Giles." He laughed a little. " I tell you I went on business, Hannah. 1 can't afford to be sentimental." Hannah snorted contemptuously as she went out of the room. " He wouldn't always have been so close," she murmured, while she busied herself in the kitchen. " He used once to talk much more free and open than he does now. It's my belief that it he was fretting his very life out he'd never sav a word, for fear of hurting the blessed lamb upstairs. And there's another life which will perhaps be lost for want of country air. and good food and money, such as the old master squandered by handfuls in his early days ! Eh, me ! it's a weary world, and a weary one to him, although he don't choose to show it. He'd be better, mebbe, if he did. There he goes upstairs to the blessed lamb at last. He's been longer than usual to-night." | iGiles Kinglake opened a door and entered a room which he called his study. The even ing had grown chilly, and a fire had been lighted; it threw a pleasant glow over the little, low room with its dark-red curtains, well- filled book BbelveB, and tbe square, old fashioned writing table, heaped with papers and books. A broad, comfortable sofa stood between the window and the fire. Here, propped np with cushions, lay a little, pale faced boy of nine years old. This boy, "Wilfred, constituted, together with Hannah and Laird, the whole of Giles Kinglake's "family." He was a pretty boy, with great, soft, dark eyes and waving golden-brown hair, but his face was sadly pale and thin, and his bine veined bands showed the feebleness of long cobtinued ill-health. He looked np, how ever, when Kinglake entered with the brightest and cheeriest of glances. " You've been an awfnl long time over yonr dinner, dad," he began. " 1 thought you'd forgotten me." "Did yon ever know me do that? said Gilles, with a smile. He came close to the boy and patted his head as he spoke, then stooped to kiss his forehead. long .. . _ ... . What were you doing yesterday, father, dear ? I was asleep when you came home." _ " And asleep when I went away this morning, yon lazy, little chap. Where do you think I went, boy? To the place you are so fond of dreaming about—Ladywell.'' " Oh, father! And you did'nt tell me yon were going !" Will's face clouded over; he looked very much inclined to cry. " Why, you silly boy," said Giles kindly, "it would have done no good if I had told you. I hardly expected even to go through the house or the grounds, so I thought that I should only be preparing a disappointment for you if 1 led you to think that 1 should do He had seated himself at the boy's side, and was holding one of the thin little hands between bis own. Will spoke imperiously. " Daddy, dear, you may just get your pipe and smoke and tell me all about it. You must have lots to say." "I'm afraid I haven't," said Kinglake, " but 111 smoke for half an hour before you go to your bed, old chap, and answer any questions you like to ask.' He went to the mantelpiece, chose out and lighted his favourite briar-root pipe, and came back to the boy's sofa with it in his mouth, puffing and exclaiming between his teeth as he re Beated himself, " I've got to be put through m^catechism now, I suppose. Go ahead, "What did you go for?" said Will, curiously. " Gougb's book. You know it; about the manor-houses. A stupid compilation. I couldn't well leave out the Priory, you know, Will." "And did you go all over the house and grounds ?" " I went over the lower part of the house. Not upstairs." " Not upstairs ? Oh daddy dear ! Not up stairs to see the nurseries, where you and Uncle Frank used to play." , " Well, you see, Will, 1 rather shirked it. What was the good of seeing the changes that muBt have been made? You would not like it half so well if you were told that the little cane bedsteads bad been taken away, and the high brass fender had disappeared, and the rocking-horse stood no longer on the old landing. No, boy, let us imagine that things are exactly as they were twenty- three years ago, if we can, and keep Ladywell Priory as our own particular and especial castle in Spain." " But things were much altered downstairs, father?" " Not so much as I expected." And then Mr. Giles Kinglake. who had seemed so very indifferent to the changes which Cicely had pointed out to him, proceeded to recount them all in minutest detail to his little son. Will listened with glowing eyes and chang ing colour. It was plain that he knew the Priory almost as well from description as if be had spent his whole life there. When Kinglake paused he interposed an eager aueBtion. " And the little gardens, father t You saw them ?" " YeB, Will. The weeping willow »b quite a tree now. I brought a twig of it away for you. The letters on the bench are as clear as ever they were, and the rosebush in Aunt Ella's garden, which Frank and I planted, Jou know, was covered with great red roses. wish I could have brought some away for you, old boy, but I did not like to ask." " Of course not," said Will, quite indig nantly. "I should not have liked yon to ask for anything, or to accept anything, from those horrid Lorraines." "Ihave no doubt," said Kinglake, with some compunction, " that Miss Lorraine would have sent you some if she had known of your existence, Will. She was taking great care of the little gardens, for the sake of the children that Bhe had heard of from the village people." " We are remembered there, then !" said Will. "I knew we were; although you alwayB said that everybody had forgotten us. Don't you think, father, dear, that when you have made a lot of money by writing books, and grown quite famous, you will be able to buy back Ladywell Priory again, and go and live there?" "I'm afraid not, Will," replied his father, sadly. "We must make up our mind that Ladywell has done with us, and we with Ladywell. I don't regret it—except for you." He looked tenderly at the delicate little lad's pale face, and said no more. "When I'm a man," said Will, "I shall see whether I can't get back Ladywell Priory, if you won't, father. But I believe you will." 