POLITICAL DRAMATISTS— CHURCHILL AND PARNELL. The London Spectator, in a recent article, gives . vivid sketches of half a dozen of the leading men as ' dramatists' in the House of Commons. The most striking are those relating to Lord Randolph Churchill and Mr. Parnell, and the very characteristic impressions made by them on the new Parliament. Regarding the former the Spectator says : — ' There was the long speech of the Leader of the House, the speech eminently of an old actor m a new part. Lord Randolph Churchill was listened to with that curosity and half-amused tolerance with which the House regards a man of great parts who has undertaken something quite new, and who is showing a considerable amount of skill and adroitness in executing the novel duties he has undertaken. The whole House gave him credit for infinite pluck ; more than half gave him credit for party sagacity ; most of the mem bers probably thought his dignity extremely well assumed, and wondered how it would wear ; and a good many must have felt that all his show of superficial interest in Ireland must have been a display of some artistic merit from a man who was in reality using Irish policy only as the reins through which to feel the mouth of the House of Commons. But even while the House carefully discussed and analysed, and caricatured and dis torted, and weighed and measured, and on the whole probably appreciated tolerably correctly, the policy conveyed, the chief subject of interest was after all the relation of the man to the speech. The question which ail implicitly, and some explicitly, asked, was how Lord Randolph would translate speech into action when the tug of war really came; whether he had in him the mettle to fight Mr. Parnell as Mr. Gladstone once fought him ; whether he could express the strong and manly British feeling without outraging the Irish ; whether he could sustain tho onset of Gladstonians and Parnellites combined ; whether he was statesman enough not to betray some day in the heat of the battle that he was subordinat ing the interests of nations to the play of ambi tion; whether, in fact, he was able to win the sympathy of a nation, or only to excite the pas sions of a party. We must say that we think the House, though very willing and even resolved to give him a fair trial, looked on his first rather ambitious throw-off with something of incredulous curiosity.' This is the picture drawn of Mr. Parnell: — ' Mr. Parnell's speech was characteristic of the attitude and the power of the man. It was not what he saidj but what he is, which made so great an impression on the House on Tuesday night. Cold, strong, contemptuous, sinister ; determined to show the Tory Government the full significance of his influence in Ireland ; as full of scorn for the Tories to-day as he was for the Liberals yesterday ; ready even to make light . of Ireland itself, so far as making light of Ireland can add a sting to his attack on his English opponents ; ostentatious in the display of bis power to paralyse or aid the Government of Ireland in pro portion as they shall think fit to reject or accept his suggestions ; indifferent how long the anguish may last in Ireland so long as he can make the Government he detests suffer acutely from the consequences of that anguish ; more amused by the embarrassments of his enemies than gratified by the enthusiasm of his followers, — Mr. Parnell impressed the House of Commons profoundly because his speech gathered up and impersonated the grim indifference to the feelings of either friends or foes, the unbending purpose, the cynical amusement at the perplexities he creates, and the clear anticipation of the Parliamentary chaos he intends to produce, which have throughout marked his political career. Mr. Parnell enjoys nothing so mush as enacting the spectre at the feast. If Shakespeare could but have given us a hint that Banquo's ghost thoroughly enjoyed his part, he would have given us some notion of the impression which Mr.- Parnell produces on the British Parliament.' 