CLARA'S HERO " We are too good friends to be lovers, Charley, Fie 1 There would be no ro mance in it. I intend to marry a hero," The speakers were alone, by the fire, in the dusk of the evening ; the lady sitting before it, the gentleman leaning against the mantel-piece. He gave something like a sigh, but added quickly, in a manly voice, " I am sorry for it, Clara ; but I am not a hero. Good-bye." He was gone. But as lie had spoken his farewell, his eyes bad looked down into her own sorrowfully and tenderly ■ and somehow they seemed very like eyes Bhe had seen in her day-dreams. Was she mistaken ? Did she love him ? She mused, for awhile, with a strange feel ing of loss : loss of something very, very dear to her. Shot ttle knew that in the heart she had rejected were all the qualities requi site to make her hero. They only wait ed an opportunity for development; and that opportunity goon came. Fort Sumpter had been fired on. Drums were beating, flogs flying, every body was excited. Brothers, sons, and husbands were enlisting. Among others, Charley entered the army : he raised a company and marched to the relief of Washington. The evening bjefore the regiment left, Charley called to bid Clara's family good bye. Clara had not seen him since their tete-a-tete, except occasionally in the street, when he recognised her only by a: distant bow. She had been but half sat isfied with herself lately. She bad miss ed Charley more than she had thought she would. When he came in her heart began to beat fast. She asked herself if he would be dike himself to night, or cold as be had been lately. Beyond a few general remarks, however, Charley said nothing to her • he was occupied chiefly in bidding farewell to her father and mother, with whom be had always been a favorite ; and besides, other officers were present, also old friends, and who had, come likewise to say good-bye. Clara was asked to play while dharlie Walton sang. Bo he came and stood beside her. At the general request, she played, " Blue Bonnets over the Border." But while Charlie's voice rose clear and steady, her fiDgera trembled. The others joined in the cborus, and no one noticed ber agitation except Charley, who dared not attribute it to the right cause. Once; or twice she had hoped that they might be alone for a minute, when she half in- J tended to speak the truth But .Captain 1 Walton left before most of the others, going away wondering and pained by ber • seeming coolness. I The war went on. Charley Walton fought in numerous battles, and rose: rapidly. At Gettysburg, he command-; ed a regiment, and, toward the close of ! the thud day, fell desperately wounded With much difficulty he was brought^ home, and, for weeks, it was doubtful > whether he would live or die Meantime the ideal hero in the heart, of Olara Blake had long vanished, and I the image of Charley Walton had taken its place, Often, how often, did she go. back to the old sweet days of their friendship. These memories were her; ohief pleasure now, for there seemed no enjoyment in the present, no hope in the future. She would have given worlds if she had never spoken the words which sent him from her side., Ab 1 she often thought, if her answer bad been different, his letters might have brightened the weary jdaye. SometuneB i Bhe was shown those addressed to his family; and their modesty In alluding to his own desdSj with which the newspa pers were ringing, made her worship him more than ever. And now, when he was -so ill, perhaps abont to djo, she could not even see bim. Oh! if she bad acted differently, it would have been her sweet duty, in this hour of agony, to be at his bedside. What words can tell how her heart was racked at reflections like these f At last he was pronounced out of danger. Then it was said he was able to sit op, to ride out, to walk a short distance, to be able to call on his friends. But Olara never met him. He did not oyeja come to see her father ed .mother, at which they wondtved often. But, in truth, Colonel Walton was deeply hart in his mind. Friends and acquaintan ces, far and near, had visited him in his sickness ; old intimates of the family, ladies aB well aa gentlemen, had come as soon as he could leave his room ; but the one longed-for face had never ap peared. So near, and yet denied the pleasure of one word, one lcok even. Did she fear he would misconstrue her if she came? YesJ that must be the reason, he said to himself; he was hurt beyond words; and had made up his mind to return to his poBt, for which he wbb now preparing, without calling at the Blakes at all. But a night or two before he was to leave, the longing to see her once more became insupportable; and just as twi light was creeping on, he turned his steps to her house. He was dress:d in plain clothes, but the servant, who was an old one, knew him, and ushered him into the drawing-room without announce ment, as iu the old times. Clara had been out on horseback, and was sitting alone, before the fire, with her hat still in her hand. She was lost in a reverie so deep that she did not hear Oolonel Walton's advancing footsteps, and was only aware ol his presence when she happened to look up and saw hid lean ing against the mantelpiece. She gave a little start, for at first she thought she had seen bis ghost ; but recognising him, hastened to explain ber emotion. "You look pale, you frightened," she said, breathlessly, and still trembling, but holding oat ber baud. And she added," Ihear yon are going back soon Surely, your friends should keep you bere | till you ace better." I " My friends J" he answered, a little bitterly. " I once counted you among them. But yon, at least, have done little to keep me at home,—not, I be lieve, remembering old .times sufficient ly to send, even ouce, to ask if I was I dead or living." ; He little knew what she had suffered, or he would have spared ber these words. He little suBpected that only the remem brance of her foolish speech, and her fear of his contempt, had kept her away. She sat silent, with quivering lips, and fast filling eyes, while he continued thas :— «' I called to say 'Good-bye' again; perhaps, this time, for ever. By the by," he added, as if suddenly remember ing tbe interview in ?his same room, " Have you found your hero yet, Clara.? * But ber face was bidden in her bandB, her voice was choked with sobs. " Heaven forgive me," he said, all bis bitterness melting away at the sight of her emotion; " what have I done ? I have been a brute " " I have deserved it all/' she mur mured. "I—I—didn't mean " A sudden light broke over him. There was something in her tone, her manner, that dashed hope into his heart. He stooped down and bent over her. " What would you answer now, Olara ?" he said, bis voice shaking. She looked up at him ; it was enough. In another moment *he was weeping glad tecrs on his shoulder. When Charley went back to the army, he went as Clara's husband. She bad found HEB HEBO. 