Local and G6neral News. The Bhrrumbeet (a.) will make a trip to Sydney and Melbourne, leaving Newcastle to-night at 10.o'clock.. A nisotiUig of siae Great Northeirn Opera hive Bakers' Association t ilcs placj at Fryar's Hotel, Blanc-street to-night. The financial condition iof the Walgett Hospital shows a credit i'blanceof ieiarly" £800. Two years ago thejnstitution was. £500 in delibt. The decision of !the Marine Board as to the coll sion between the Namnoi and New' castle is given in this morning's telegraphic columns. " ... " ' Delegates to Tiad's and Iabo ur Couocil are reminded, that a special general meeting takes p'ace tod- nigh asG TattcrsJtl's Hotel, Newcastle. The . quarantine tender ; arrived.,' from Sydney, yesterday. morning tortake a.Chi nese leper to the quarantine: station The unfortunate Celestial is coming from the Ar midale district, .. * . . .It is notified in the advertising columns that a public meeting, will .be held ,in, Adamostowntihis evening, when the report and i balance-sheet; of the! Improvements Committee .ill be submitted. Ak' ery large number f':friends will be glad to learn, .that Mr.. . Driscoll, manager for Toohey's brewery; Newcastle, has'ie:o vered from his late llIness ;sufficiently tb gdt about again;' amiSd he hopesL~ toh b6etiite well in a few days.' . ... ' " , inessrs. Edwards. arid Tighe h'old an auction sale' of household -firniture'aud efficts in Bolton-street this morning; after which they, will conduct their :,usual .sale; of horscs and vehicles, at their yrrda, B!ane-3treet., y As.m ,nione3 in another column, to-night is g?herously 'sit apart t by IMa'dane Wood ; year'e circuiis iopre'tary as abenefit night,: half of. llie proe'edsi fiom thelperformance to be devoted in-aid of the Charles Pminon fund. ;'-' . '. '.; . ' ' ' .- /'. ,.',"/ This evening an: illuminateda mirror of panoramic yiews of historical! buildings of ancie-r and modern times will be exhibited in theEubbio School, Glebeland. /iThe pro ceeds of the entertainment unie to be devoted to the- school picnic-fund. The parents of two sets of children were prosecuted at the police court)ester. day for neglec:ing to send them to school the number of days prescribed by the Public Instruction Act. Fines and costs were im posed in both cases. Yesterday afternoon, a carpenter on board the Chilian barque Maxima, loading for Valparaiso, at No. 1 crane, fell down the hold of the vessel, and died from the injuries sustained. .: The body Was taken to the hospital morgue, and an inquest will be held in due course. There has ieen a great exodus of the male population recentlyemployed oh the Government works at Pelican Flat, Lake Macquarieand now a policeman appears on the seene. Whether he expects to arrest ghosts,orsimply recruit his. health is not known. . Fur the convenience of schools and famni 7lies, end of tho? who.may find it incon .veniert to attend the aightly performances, it is intended to have a matinee at Madame Woodyear's cireus to-morrow afternoon, when children will be admitted at.specially reduced ch-rges. The proceedings last nighlt in the'Legis lature Assembly resulted in-the correspond ence between Sir John .Robertson and the Governor lbeing .read, showing that a dissolution had been asked for and refused; andrthat Sir, John-subsequently resigned, without recommending the Governor to send for anyone.: .. 20 minutes after midnight a .tumber .6f police . and civilians, numberingi. 30 strog?,deploy'ed, forrised in calumns, and skirmished up Bolton-street, .and a wild ,umour prevailed that the local Portion of the Soudan Contigent had been ordered on a5ti-e duty, anid were being ereorted to the hiills by ai admiring crowd. Itproved that th pjose wrer ian quest of goato-hernce tho grumour. Go it ,ye valiant band. At W, at end" Southampton a boy of six years has -diedfrom,, gin drinking. " His motheirlefa a bottle by her b'elside, he being in the room. Subsequently she founddhim in a deep sleep, prespiring profrsrilyand smellinge of igin , which.he had 'hvidently dranlkfrom a bottle, kM doctor wat called, and remiaind fsix hours, hbut :thedchild di6d Trom 'the adeoho 1r p oisp oihoeen" ' I.,tespec ng the riding accidentteo Tr J. Ii" Whire, surveyor, we (MaetldndiMuor cury) understand that his ingtiees'.ee of a moreVIseriousZ/nature thare were at first, thought. In addition to a fracture of .thd left collar hone, three ribs on the same side are broken, and thelufngrhrs been per forated. The left.leg and thigh are bruised.o! The accident was caisedthrough thethorse he was riding Ishyin, while pass -ing a fcab:,- !?r. White is doing asIell ts 'c a un q e e x p ecte d , ' ' " ad We understand tlat the Newidstdis itj Band, un'ier Mfr. E. G" Chiapimani, ha kindly voltuteered their services, and intend conititieg 'selections of-music at the con cert, to be given on the 25th instant, in aid of Mr.D.Sidney -Browni, of- Tighle'k.Hill. the entertainment to take place in the Wick hain- School.of Arts Brownis suffering, it will bleremembered, from consumlnitibn, in. duced by cold caught while working in the pit, and the poor fellow is beyond doubt ex tremely ill. ..He is an old resident of Tighe s Hill, and ektremely popular, and it is hoped a strong effort will be put forth on behalf of himself, his wife, and family. "Paterfamilias" writes, advocating the establishment of a penny savings bank in Newcastle, with a view to teaching the little folk the value of thrift. He thinks it advisable that officers should be appointed, empowered to lodge the mi;Iiey in a savings or some other bank at their option. Our correspondent adds that kindred institutions to the one proposed have long. been estab lished in. Maitland and elsewhere, [ie this connertion we may state that the return for the year 1885 shows thait there was a total sum of £9349 at.the credit of penny banks in New South Walks, of which a small proportion was at the credit of the West Maitland Panny Bank-].. De. STANISE will consult patients uffer lug from diseaseo "f the -ye ear, and throat at Harris and Sproull, Family and Dispensing Oh.mists, Newcastle, on satue. day next, the 21st inst, and will return to his rooms at Wynyard Square the following Monday. morning. - 7425 W. Winn, & Co. wish it to .be distinictly understood atha etW discount of from 2s. to 5sofia th'e£ 6ff men's and boyes' clothing, 'will .terminate on Thursday, February 26th l, ut after that date te?iy will offer some great bargains in mnen's and boys' sutst- trousers and vests,. coats, hats,, tweeds, ':nd general drapery.- The Orlenit steamer, John Elder, arrived in Sydney on the 13th instant, and biringstheien17 cases and bales, valirad at '.833 17s, id.; besides thl6 shipmrient they have 15 packages,.values.£535 78. 3d., com ins in the Warwick, and 27 more, value £844 11s. Gd, in the Cooleen, lboth direct to. Newcastle, making a totil by-these three. vessels of £2313 16s.. 3d. 5.543 * Why the -enormous consumption of Conqueror Tobacco ? Dixson's Factory consumes .the, great, bulk of all American leaf ..im'orted into - N.S.W.,,. and the quantity of tobacco produced is far greater thanl any Southern factory. " .-0280 Flies and Bugs, beetles, iasccts, roaches, ants, bedurigs, rats, mice, gophers, chi pmunks, eleared out. by RnoiGi. ON IteTS.., Moses Maosm -and CO., Sydner, agents. , . 410 Thit Weiei,'5 s acnaeai-s'is a nediclne eontainire treat virtuen Is undeniable,- .. ... ", - 6973 