THE CAULFIELD DIVISION AT FLEMINCTON. fnv QUI CAUMTELD SrECXAt-l Tbo raolng men who saleoted Ouulileld for the scene of thoir training operations havo little rea son to regret thoir choice, as tho naturo of tho ground ronders it available at all soasons. Vi'itli a grass gallop at thoir disposal tlirco days a nook and a tau track, which has beon lately addod, to fall back upon iu wet weather, tho foot that tho Caulfield division, ns a rule, hold thoir own wherever thoy go Is easily accounted for. Although thoir numbors do not roach to ono half of thoso in training at the Now- markot of Victoria (Flomington), thoir success of lato has beon vory marked, aud is duo mainly to tho facilities provided by tbo man agement of Iho V.A.T.C., who havomado Caul- field second only to tho parent institution. If they only had a thorough system or drainage tbo V.A.T.O. would possess a racing and training ground second to nono in Victoria. It may be interesting to readers of The Leader, on tho ovo of tho approaching spring carnival, to know somothing of tho prospects of tho Caul- field division, who aro likely to tako part in tho good things provided at Flomington during tho next week, and I will theroforo briefly glauoo at the chances and doings ol.thc horses that in the early hours of tho morning havo recontly come under my daily observation. Amongst tho 2-year-olds remaining in tho Maribyrnong Plato, are Lady Lovoll, who, it will bo remembered, boat Hortonse in tho Nursery Handicap at tho Caulfield Cup meeting. Sho is by tho Drummer out of Paradigm, is nico and forward, aud has dono good work over fivo furlongs withherstablo companion Glontworth, a nico looking chestnut colt by Goldsbroiigii— Hazard. Tho Wave, a dashing filly by Mari byrnong, will also get tho five furlongs, and as tho trio aro in rare bucklo there aro moro un likely things than that Caulfiold might annex tho big 2-yoar-old ovont of tho season. The other 2-year-olds in tho minor events are Epi curean, Carnival, Nectarine, Julian Gray and Lord Allen. Of this lot I prefer tho winner of tho St. Albans Handicap at Moonee Valley, who has filled out aud improved a good deal sinco his dofoat in tbo Sapling Stakes last August. Carnival is a promising filly, al though sho has disappointed her ownor onco or twice. Still I don't think tho fault was on her side. Lord Allen, who is all over a gentle man, ran forward iu tho Nursery Handicap at tho late Y.A.T.C. meeting, and as ho has not beon long in hand, it will probably bo later on in tho season before wo see the host of him. For tho Blue Ribbon of the turf there aro several candidates, viz. : — Blondon, Tho Crane, Retort, Louise Berta, Mia Mia, Beelzebub, Tho Loafer, Faithful, Daystar and Whitebait ; but as it seems to bo a foregone conclusion that the Sydney crack, Trident, has only to keep well and it is a certainty for him, I do not ox- pect to seo moro than ono or two of tho before mentioned pay up, and they will probably include tho best of Mr. J. G. Hold's. I do not think any of the others could win a Derby iu very ordinary company. Wo next come to the principal race of the meeting, the Melbourne Cup, a race which it is the height of eTery trainer's ambition to win. All sorts of tactics are resorted to to get well in this handicap, time and money being no object to tho lucky possessor of an animal who can stay the distance in anything liko decent time, and as thi3 year tho stake has boon increased witb a substantial sum for second and third homes, a keener contest than ever may be anticipated. Grace Darling, tho winner of last year's Caulfiold Cup, is undoubtedly a brilliant mare, and hor running socond in tho Molbourno Cup, which I, among3t many others, am of opinion she should have won, had she been more judiciously ridden, proved her Caulfield victory to he no fluke. This year she has 13 lb. more to carry j still, fit and well, I would not put her out of it were she in lier last year's form, but as I am not enamored either with her work or condition I Bball pass on to Silvormiue, whose game struggle with Britisher, and his defeat by Ben Bolt, who was so artistically steered by O'Brien, just on tho post, is fro3h in tho minds oi most racing men. lie has 4 lb. off his back and meots his rival at equal weights. It would not surprise mo to soe tho tablo3 turned on tho son of Newbold. Had Siivormino net mot with a mishap, which necessitated hi3 absence from the training ground for 10 or 12 days, I cannot but think tho Caulfield Cup of 1886 would never havo been in doubt. As ho has been doing well since I shall select him as ono likely to figure conspicuously on the 2nd Novem ber. Bohemian, with his 10 lb. ponaity for winning the Metropolitan, ascends to the 8 st. division, aud although it is a very different weight to that allottod to him in tho Sydney event thero is ovidence that ho is going to have a cut in at Melbourne if tho work he has beon doing and the bettiug market are any oritcrion. He is very well, hut Bhows a slight soreness, which disappears as he warm3 to his wcrk. Still, I cannot think that ho can give an animal liko Littlo John, for instanco, 1J st. over 2 miles, Ben Bolt come3 next, with 7 St. 10 lb. He has since his Caulfield victory been doing well, and, as ho has shown us that he can gallop, with the same rider up, I fully expect hiin to run well ; but it is rumored that O'Brien ride3 Sheet Anchor. For my part I think, whon it comes to tho woighiug out, ho will wear the black and red jacket. I next come to tho Geelong AViutor Handicap winner, Little John, a G-yoar-old, with 6 st. 7 lb. He looks to mo tho pick of the baskot, as far as tbo Caulfield division is concerned. He bas done a power of usoful work, and is pounds better than when he beat Metoor. With the services of Sam Cracknel!, he will wear down most of his oppouonts, and should finish in the first division. My Inst, but not by any means the least, is Highland Chief, an animal I have a great respect for, and being very well with only 6 st. to carry, ho must havo a good oulsido show, particularly with the assistance of the Caulfield crack light weight, Qorry, who, I be lieve has been engaged to rida biin. Sinco bis sojourn nt Caulfield bo has dono a lot of work, and is thoroughly seasoned and well. His companions, Young Horatio, St. Albert and Maori Chief, I do not think for a moment will start. My impressions, as far as tho Caulfield division is coucorncd, are that Littlo John, Silvermine, Ben Bolt and Highland Chief, are the best and I like them in the order indicated. T1IE HANDICAP CONTINGENT. Camerino, who is trained by her owner, Mr. G. Davis, is looking fresh and well, and as sho i3 engaged in two or tbreo of tho principal handicaps of the meeting, I hope to soo the daughter of The Gondolier laud a good stake for her painstaking trainer. Pocahontas is a vory fast lady, and with a fair weight can hold her own in the best of company In anything up to a mile. Batty has got tho daughtor of St. AIban'8 up to concert pitoh just now. Jim Cain it is said is within 7 lb. of hi9 brother, Little John, but I doubt it, but thoro oan be n mistako tbat ho can gallop, and many-think until the present day tbat barring tho ncoident ho would havo boen very close up in tbo Caul field Cup ; bo has doue good sound work and is as fit as anything hero. Sirocco, who is in tho same stable as Silvermine, has generally acted" as schoolmaster to the lattor. He has done use ful work and sems to be in rare buckle. In the' year that Grace Darling won the Caulfield Cup' his trainer, previous to tho race, thought he had a good thing, but ho went wrong.' Six of those training here are engaged in tho Selling Race— viz., Albanus, Lando,-: Meleagrida, First Pop, Tho Ghost aud Dougals- ton. The distance, which is 7 furlongs, will suit these to a nicety, all of whom have done useful work from 6 furlongs np to a mile. If The Ghost were torunatruo raco I would select him in preference to anything. Lando, a nice looking chestnut, by King Arthur, is about the next best, and as I am of opinion tbat he has been on tho shelf for some time, he will require watching. Strange to say in the jumping busi ness wo are very sparsely represented, having had ouly one nominated for the Hurdle Race, who has since been scratched. Over the big tim ber we have a trio, viz., Lady Ashton, Victor and Union, and tho former, who I am informed will be piloted by W. MH.eod, is the only one wo can depend upon to do battlo with such foes as Game, Native and last, but not least, 1 Contingent. Tho other pair I need not discuss. Newinaster, who is engaged in the V.R.C. Mares' Produce Stakes, i3n fine made chestnut colt by Newminator, from Primrose. There can be no doubt about this gentleman 1 galloping, as the way in whioh ho won the' V.A.T.C. Maiden Plato whon not half fit proves him to bo no duffer. i Louise Berta, who is a nice looking filly by the' Melbourne Cup winner Darriweil, from Alethe, is engaged in the V.R.C. Oaks. Sho has never yot gained a winning bracket, and I fancy that a short distance will suit her. It is to be hoped tbat she may repay tho worthy owner of the rose, green and tartan jacket ere long, as ho is a thorough sportsman and deserves success. Vo next como to Gadfly, who is another candidate for tho samo event. It will bo remembered tbat this filly annexed the Ladies' Trophy at the V.A.T.O. meeting last August, and as she has sinco shown a lot ol paco her plucky trainer thought the Caulfield Guineas was a good thing for the daughter of Lapidist and Midgo, but after showing very prominently for 6 furlongs she seemed to die away under the woight and was badly beaten. At present Bhe seoms to bo a bit light, so that I do not expect to soo her do muoh this spring. Sweet Marion has been treated to a spell, and Mia Mia's name has been erased from the list, so that I do not expect to soe anythiug from here start in tho great event for tho fair sex. I might mention that Caulfield can boast of fcoing tho residence of some of tho best horse men in Australia, viz., M. O'Brien, who has won tho V.R.C. Derby on Rufus, the Melbonrne Cup ou Sheet Anchor, tho Champion Race on Le Grand, besides the Caulfield Cup twice on Calraa and Ben Bolt. Young Gorry, who is regarded as the best boy of his weight in Aus- traia, is to ho found at Mr. J. G. Reid's. Another lad who is making a name for himself is the younger Bance, who. I am informed, has been retained by a Sydney owner to do all his light woight riding ; his brother, who has already steered a good many winners, is getting rather heavy. The manner in which he piloted Epicurean on Saturday last, howover, proves what a pair of hands cau do when well used. Wo havo also the cro33 country riders, R. Batty, J. King, J. Allen, ICilby, Ross and Gar diner, all of whom havo taken up then-quarters here, and who could hold their own in any country. 