;Poet's Corner, C < THE OLD SERMON. Tle solesan hush of midnight is brooding ever the earth : Aloeo in my state .and splendour, I wait ;,\or the new day's birth. - No sound breaks in on the stillness, no voice in the silence calls, 4 'So heavy the velvet hangings, so thick are "my study walls. ' I ,would sit in the dusky silenco, and rest Sboth heart and brain, And gather strength for the warfare that b i geosow again; . [ But a itre comes in the darkness of a .-:': i I knew when a boy. ; ,Jadilt esills the heart that; is' throbbing wt·b?*wlH the flash'of wordly joy. "ie a simple church inu a meadow lande '" " Whirs I aeoe white hlired, pseto stand, `` Who warns his flock with upliftes a,: r ,?~zr , ),hand .+' . : " i" Or~i f Except ye be like the children, AlI Dis: Ye cannot enter in." -There's a glitter and glory around me that ''~. is hlorn of, aguinea's shine ; ,'I eesuere a thousand acres, and know t a tbt their wealth is mine; I hear in the shout of the gaping crowd the, .'i 'homage they bear my name- . ' It Is written in radiant letters on the; .glittering roll of fame; ,,Thisound of the words I utter is echoed S frem land to land, Lad the helm that sways a nation is trusted within my hand; But my heart grows faint like a woman's when the dusk of twilight nears, And I dread the solemn midnight when that white-haired man appears : For soul and spirit become per plexed; I dread the wyords that are coming The awful sound of that simple text : . 'Eicexpt ye b'e like the children, Ye cannot enter'in.." ' Les?g "and 'fierco was the strugglo':that placed me upox the height; I wrought 'with a will fbnk the lustre that :lhas made my inkthe so bright: I won me a crown of -laurels and wreathed it around my ?row, And the wounls of the,-miglity: conflict r "I bear shout me now; And mine is the right of resting, of paus- ing awhile in the strife, Fo`'I fought the fight like a victor, and . conquered the thing called lifo. But that picture will come in the dark ness, and stifle the fire-light's gleam. Till I pale and shrink like a culprit who is .bound in a nightmare dream : .For I see the old man ,standing there, ".-lThe lifted hands and the whitened hair, : And I hear 'the trembling voice 1t :.deolare; , " Except ye be like the children, To cannot enter in." So I sit alone in the midnight, while the 1`ghosts of the past flit by0 " And they warn' me with shadowy finger. 'of 'tho end that is drawing nigh ; I think of the life within me, of the .ilerce and resistless will, And the. frail and helpless body that raust lie so sold and still, Till hthai quivering heart in my. bosom p eIgrows faint and numb with' fear, With dread of the awful summons that one day I must hear; And I-turn with a. shudder of leathing from the power I stooped to win,: An?dl I long for the heart of childhood, uiuntouched, unsullied by sin: For the voloe of truth falls on moy ears, And memory calleth adown the \-- t e s ^, " ,r While awed and frightened my soul still hears' ' \- " Except y be like the children, ';;;:; ":Ye cannot enter in.": 