EWTERTAIWWEf^ I THE THEATRES, &C.; "Hoodmaa Blind" appears Jo save satisfied the frequenters of the Theatre Royal veiy well. Two benefits, however, at this house represent an exceptional interest \-- vi,* first tto I in quite a different direcaoo. week, namely on Thursday nigbt-o! ifc Titheradge—is of an usual significauoe lor the several reasons that it is a compli ment paid to one of the moat popular actei we have ever had in Melboarae, and it oomprehendg also the performance ol • Shakapearian play, at a time v^11 Shskspeare has almost been bsxrisbed to® the stage; Save by amateurs there h*f® been no Shakspearian plays giron at ®i theatre for a long time, and this wrirtto from an apparently implied rule nor atnosr® almost to an innovation. Meteorer, faraiahea the opportunity ol seeing J» Titberadge in a character wholly differ*® from those with which hie name has w® associated. Of jfr. Titberadge's performance^ Hh®^ the conventional mode of repreeentwig ; character. Doting the last S0ye«» 4 T /trovers?.baa been going on relaticfi t®,. I proper method of acting not oolf^z, imi every other poetically tragic Whai recbter, a qnaHer of aoen^Jg dbestdiiw ail tradition, p'V" ^ naturally, as opposed to toewnW N>~r school, he created a sort of panic. The were wholly with him, and so ~ux"° But the old public: w ce(j critics. But were the denounced him, gchool of condemned him. The re fossilised en however, was complete, f°™ bf Tto <S"«™ inMinct. ol and although tbe iteelraced themselves thc staael'ave.^ q traditl0nal namietl suffiu 'f bee le browed Hamlet, with up tbe b ack' bCae cpulehral voice, a measured turned e\ es, 1 a large hat, and a tall tread, a velvet <d' ered to be a gloomy feather no actor, amateur or memory of the pa . yenture to re8U8ci Proff10-n ihe completeness of his funereal tate him ? funerealism in frag »e9S; l ut "never collectively. There are men 3' iS conservative theatre- goers, who n0 doubt, con d with 8ti11 ft ritlete, but they are in a IoDS -J! They miss the hollow voice, the min01 a face and the occasional tearing of measured face, ana ^ ^ decry the 9, ^oiment of the undertaker business, true student of Shakspeare regrets but the , f he knows that Shakspeare m » represented ss a man of KfiS »°d with like pas although disturbed some Sas to his mental balance, yet having the attributes of a human being, and notof a mere Sen-m^™- Amons these re»on.Me _ *rP Titheradge is to be classed. He Excepted the conclusion that Hamlet was J cer'on having a mission beyond that of re 8 P ifnn and he therefore comports himself C1 A:' iy. If even his Hamlet had no merit bevond that of intelligence, thoughtful nesfand a correct discernment of its poetic beauties, it would deserve to rank among conspicuous examples of successful repre sentations of the character ; but its merit is bevond this. It is a coherent embodiment of the idea of the character. It helps one to understand of what the character is made up. It sets in relief the attributes of melancholy, introspection, vacillation, reflection, and tenderness which together go to compose it It is not addressed to the pit and gallery • it makes no appeals to those who are capable of "nothing but in explicable dumb shows and noise." ^ It commends itself to the intelligent, thinking, Shakspearian student; and even to the man who may never have read Shakspeare at all, but who knows how reasonable, even if erratic, beings comport themselves, it cornea with a conviction of its naturalness. And Mr. Titheradge is to be commended the more in that he indulges in no fanciful interpreta tions, no capricious " new readings." He takes sensible views of the text, and his sole desire is obviously to make the character understood as he himself has tried to under stand it. It would be possible to make par ticular mention of many passages in which Mr. Titheradge's good judgment has guided him to a correct interpretation, and in dealing with his Hamlet as a philosophical study, it would be a grateful task to do so. It may be suffi cient at present, however, to'say that his per formance of the character on Thursday night has added greatly to bis reputation as an actor of eminence, and that whether he only occasionally appears in the poetic drama or, in the course of theatrical revolutions, he shall come to limit himself to them, he will from this time deserve to be credited with an ability still more varied than that which even his warmest admirers have hitherto believed bim to possess. The rest of the cast being in a manner extemporised for the occasion can hardly be dealt with as if it were composed of members of a company accustomed to play regularly together. Nevertheless, it is to be said that Miss Knight made a pleasing, if not entirely Shakspearian, Ophelia; that Mr. Ireland as the King repeated a part for which years ago he justly acquired a good reputation; that Mrs. Gordon as the Queen gave ample demonstration of the posses sion both of general intelligence and particular discernment of specific require ments ; that Mr, Stirling - Whyte's Polo nius may be reckoned among the very good examples of the character that we : have had on the Melbourne stage; that Mr. i Jewett made a fairly good Laertes, that Mr. j Leake was a respectable Ghost, that Mr. Fen ; ton probably did his best as Horatio, that ; Messrs. Bryant and Lisle were, perhaps, not ; more uninteresting than the average Rosen crantz and Guildenstern, that Mr. Inman ; showed hia good sense in making Osric a : gentleman as well as an exquisite, that Mr. i uuiiuea essay as First Actor was to his I credit, that Mr. Elton as First Grave-digger i did not reach beyond the average stage efforts '[ associated with the part, and likewise i of the Second Gravedigger of Mr. Taylor ; that Mr. Gladstone in the rudimentary part of the priest showed, as he always does, what pains he is willing to bestow upon a minor character; and that Miss Maty Weir as the Player Queen gave evidence of the careful dramatic training to which she was subjected as one of Mrs. Lewis's pnpils. Between the fourth and fifth acts Mr. Garner and Mr. Titheradge came in front of the curtain and made what are to be regarded as characteristic speeches. As a matter of course they were well received, and the audience appeared to be glad of the oppor tunity of attesting to the excellence of so good an actor, and of so genial and liberal a ^ager. Last night "Hamlet" was re peated, and to-night " Hoodman Blind" will Be restored, TheotherbenefitaliudedtoisthatofMr.G.B. , Ireland, a gentleman who has been variously * before the Australian pubUc for nearly 30 i years, and who, on mahyocbasldhs, has won deserved and marked approval of Ida efforts [ the theatres in this city. He,'will renew } peccable relations with hlB friendson the [ j!? wetant, and will eusta& the character ' ° 0tbello, Mr. Titheradge playinglsca ^he appearance together of two gentlemen ! m etand *° weU With the Austrtliao I interest, end el ' hope fop, the Shakspeare will be restored to the position of favonr he once held on the Melbourne boards, it is something not unsuggestive of satisfac tion to know that he is regarded as a not un likely source of attraction for such special oc casions, as the benefits of prominent members ] of the stage. At the Opera-house the success of Miss Col-1 bourne-Baber as Arline in "The Bohemian I Girl" is to be added to the notable events of the time. Mr. Beaumont's benefit on Thurs day, and his probable retirement from the operatic stage, form collectively matter for I thoughtfulness and regret For probably no one connected with the lyric drama of these colonies has maintained so consistent a de gree of favour as he has. He has been in timately associated with operatic enterprise for upwards of 20 years, and he has sung in every kind of opera, from the most typical examples of that which is known as "grand" to the airiest of opera bouffe. No voice could i have been more tried than his has been, and it would have been more than a wonder if it had not shown some signs of giving way. As a popular singer Mr. Beaumont has never lost ground; he has always been received with an enthusiasm amounting to affection, and the sympathy he received on account of the unfortunate accident which very nearly deprived him of eyesight, has no doubt ever since invested himwith a special sort of interest. The circumstance, moreover, that he is one of ourselves, that he is thoroughly Austra lian, although it would not have supplied the place of that genuine merit he was known to possess, has unquestionably helped to strengthen the bonds of the regard in which he has always been held. For all which rea sons , his farewell appearance comes as an event of note. It is felt that he has well earned the rest he is about to take, and although the lyric stage may know him no more, it is hoped that he may still be heard from time to time on special occasions, if only for the renewal of old associations. It | is only necessary to add that the house was crowded, that the applause was enthusiastic, and that Mr. Beaumont sang and acted so as I to justify these marked demonstrations of [ approval. At the Bijou on Saturday night a play j with the title of " The Great Pink Pearl," by Messrs. C. R Carton and S. Raleigh, was produced for the first time in Melbourne. It is called in the bills "A Farcical Comedy," and we are further informed that it was played for more than 200 nights at the Prin cess's Theatre, London. Also, the bills are good enough to say that "no pearl is so priceless as Bweet hope ; when dull despair darkens the soul, and every light is gone out of thy life, behold I will enter there, bringing soft Bolace, like the rose of dawn." | It is possible that the compiler of that play bill had a reason for putting in that quota tion—from somewhere. But it is tolerably certain that no one who goes to see this farcical comedy, will discover the reason for the quotation. Because it is Apropos of nothing. There is nothing in the play about "sweet hope," or "dull despair," or the "darkening of the soul," or the " light going out of the life," or "the soft solace, like the rose of dawn." It is only a somewhat con fused story of a letter getting into the wrong hands, and the person into whose hands it gets making an improper use of it To be sure, he is extremely hard up, pressed by his landlady for rent, and by his tailor for his account, and he is hungry enough to jump at any chance of escaping from his difficulties. So he jumps. It is a grand jump, from a garret in London to a suite of apartments in the Grand Hotel, Paris, but he makes it, and fairly well lands on a safe footing. The object of the jump is to nego tiate the sale of a pink pearl which a Russian princess wishes to turn into money, and the price of the pearl is five millions of francs ! It is in this way one comes to learn the value of pink pearls, especially great pink pearls. Until this play was played, probably not one person in a million knew the value of pink pearls. Now we know that a pink pearl not bigger than will go on the finger of a young lady is worth five million francs— or let us say two hundred thousand pounds ! No wonder the Russian princess wants to turn it into money. The agent she selects is an American financier, and it is the letter addressed to this plutocrat which, falling into the hands of a hard pushed newspaper man, causes all the dramatic complications. It is the old story of a game of cross purposes, the princess mistakes the newspaper man for her real financier, the princess's husband mistakes' the financier for a political agent, the Russian police mistake a sheriff's officer for a dan gerous Nihilist, and, in short, there are mis takes all round. It adds to the complications that the pink pearl for a time gets lost. The sheriff's officer gets the case of the pearl, and a little milliner goes off with the pearl itself, and there is much consternation for awhile. The sheriff's officer, who only wants satis faction of a judgment against the newspaper man, is arrested on suspicion of compassing the death of the Czar, and the peace of Europe appears likely to be disturbed. The sheriff's officer, it may be observed, is very badly treated ; for, first, he ia given into the custody of a London policeman, and after wards he is consigned to the mercies of RnBsian spies with Siberia in posse. Whether the author designed to point a moral that sheriff's officers are per sons who ought to be ill-treated may be a question. It is certain that he allows this sheriff's officer to be exceedingly ill- treated. The husband of the commercial-minded prin cess is what is commonly termed " a giddy old party," who takes pretty modistes to the Jardin MabiUe, with, of course, the most1 Platonic Intentions, but his proclivities in this way are made greatly to help out the solution of the problem of how the great, pink pearl came to he lost, and it helps to balance the matrimonial account between himself and his wife. Finally, they adjust matters, like senslble people as they are, and are supposed to lira h^pily ever after. Whether the newspaper man adjusts his affairs can only be surmised. In any case he is found out to be an imposter, and pre sumably has to arrange his affairs with the sheriff's officer. When the curtain falls everybody on the stage is under stood to be satisfied. Whether every body on the other Bide of the footlights is content can only be surmised. It depends, no doubt, on the extent to which he may have guessed the two and a half hours' conundrum he has been witnessing. If he has read the quotation " No pearl so price less," &c.;, he may very likely have been ex pecting to see some exemplification of'' sweet hope," and "dull despair," and "every light going out of a life," and "soft solace coming in like the rose of dawn," and so on, and in this case he will have difficulty in reconciling what he has seen with what he has expected. Upon the whole, it will be better to let the "No pearl so priceless as sweet hope," &c.;, stay in the bills, and not enter into the cal culations. The piece was, in all probability, intended to make an audience laugh. As it ran 200 nights at the Princess's, London, it must have made the public laugh, and per haps if the management only persevere long enough here it will make the Melbourne pub lic laugh also. | Its production was signalised by the first appearance in Melbourne ox Miss Florence Wade and Mr. Henry Alleyne. They played, respectively, the characters of the Rassian Princess and the Russian Prince. They are both well-trained members of their profes sion. Miss Wade is graceful, easy of car riage, has an agreeable voice, and an intelli !gent manner. The broken English Bhe had j to speak was not overdone, and the Russo French bearing was naturally demonstrated. Moreover, she dressed with excellent taste, and, in brief, produced a very good impres sion. Mr. Alleyne was similarly successful as the Prince, of whom he made a gentleman, and not, as is sometimes done when snch a part has to be represented, a caricature. Of the rest, Mr. W. H. Wallace was hardly in his element as the adventurous newspaper man, who, in his hands, did not appear easy. The part is one of very light comedy, and Mr. Wallace's forte lies in the direction of eccentric comedy. Mr. Day was seen in the character of an artificial Irishman, who, having once been an operatic vocalist, had fallen in love with the Russian Princess, but who, having become a conspirator, has taken to making dynamite musical boxes. In alliance with the news paper man he goes through a series of adven tures, bis last being the wearing of a disguise consisting of a black beard and a red wig, which, as a matter of course, from a stage point of view, is quite successful. From Mr. Day's point of view it must be said that the success was less assured. Mr. Day has been seen under circumstances of a happier kind. Miss Lily Bryer was seen in the part of a most dainty little modiste, of which she made a great deal, and which she looked admirably. Miss Mainwarin'g had the thankless part of a remorseless landlady to play, and played it remorselessly. Miss <5wynne looked all to the life a pretty maid of all work. Mr. Douglas was at all points the Russian agent ;Mr. M'Donel's tallness in the part of the attendant Ivan gave him a specialty that, for a while, en gaged the complete attention of the audience. Mr. Carey as the Prince's confidant made well of a monosyllabic opportunity, and Mr. Rod ney did exceedingly well as a French waiter. The stage appointments were carefully managed. At the Victoria-hall the young ladies are now nautically disposed of, with an effect proportioned to the picturesqueness of the setting. And the performance generally is of consistent merit. The Metropolitan Liedertafel gave a "smoke-night" concert on Monday evening with the customary success. The only novelty on the occasion was the first appear ance of Herr Hasselman, who sang in Italian and French, and acquitted himself respect ably in both languages. The part singing was, as usual, of the best kind, especial mention being made of the singing of Abt's "Serenade," and Lacbner's "Warrior's Prayer," both of which were given with the truest characteristic feeling. Mr. Pallett, a member of the Liedertafel, sang two songs carefully, but he has a nasal intonation which was destructive of their true effect Mr. Rofe, another member, has a good baritone voice, which be knows well how to use in the delivery of songs which may be classed as conviviaL Mr. 0. F. Smith sang " The Anchor's Weighed"—a good old song with many memories—in the good old fashioned manner, the manner associated with after-dinner recollections when yoo are not too exacting Here Linden was the solo pianiBt,and be acquitted himself as became so accomplished an executant But the instrumentalist of the evening was Here Beimers, who^ besides taking part in two of Mozart's Somite with Here Linden, played as a solo Borne selections from " The Barber of Seville," and thereby evoked and deserved quite a cyclone of applause. The committee are to be congratulated upon the stand they have made against the puerile exactions of encores. Towards the close of the concert, however, the shouting for repetitions was complied with as being easier than to resist the demand. Mr. Guenett recommenced his popular con certs on Wednesday evening, this time in the new upper room of the Athenaeum. It is a pleasant room, well suited for the purpose. The programme included selections from Haydn, Mendelssohn, Gounod, Beethoven, Mercandante, and Smetana, All these names are well known, except the last, and to pro bably 999 out of every 1,000 even musical persons Smetana comes as a novelty. And yet Smetana had his day, was a pupil of Liszt, and the instructor of Dvorak r-whoee name is eo variously spelt, and so perplexingly pronounced—and although he died insane, afe fo ment musicians do, he did fond work in his way, and in his time, and so d&miMfofrtwettbeted.; The instnuneu tal functions on this occasion were princi pally sustained by that incomparable quartet known as the Zerbini quartet; the solo pianist was Mr. Otto Linden, and the solo vocalist was Madame Christian, who was accompanied by her sister, Miss Emily Chris tian. Altogether, Mr. Guenett has recom menced his chamber concerts, or as he chooses to call them, popular concerts, with a likelihood of success. 