THE MERCURY; TühSDAY, MARCH S3, 1SSG IF Hie electors aro w.t prepared to exor- cise tho franchise in a proper manner by tho time the gdior ii olection co aies round, it will not be for want of sufiicient'ndvico. They aro lectured almost every day, by one paper or another, and they aro told what they ought not'to do and what tlipy ought to do, with n persistency which seems to imply a doubt OB to whether tho advice is r ally being taken. Lat us hopo that such as seo tho admonitions are tho better for it. As far as we onu loam, the people on the othor aide of the Island have not been muoh excited by the abundant advice which has boon given thom, for thoy do not appear to havo taken a very keon interest oithor in the work of claiming their votes, or of looking out' for fresh candidates. Thoy do not seem to believe that a crisis is at hand. There has been a great deal of piping, but thera has not been much dancing. In the country districts mat- tera are even in a state of greater tran Iquility. There is an aggravating persist- ence in never-minding. ' In vain aro the people told that if they are n >t ruined they are just about to bo, ia vain aro thoy assured that they are slaves, and in vain are all the acts, or inactivity, for it does not matter which, of the Ministry de- nounced. Constitutional newlights flare up and vanish, leaving behind tho un- pleasant od>ur of- an expiring "BÍX to ? the pound " It is very provoking that people cannot be got to believe that they aro ruined, although the Idea of March aro passed, which were fixed upon for our catastrophe, just as tho soothsayer told CAESAR to bewire of that baneful period. Even the prophets them- selves do not appear to be uncomfortable Thoy smile and smile, liko some other folks we have heard of, and bear tho ruiu of the country with a great deal moro equanimity than they wore able to' btar, according to their own accounts, tho prospect of it. It is said that DICKENS wos in tho habit of living in haunted houses, but that lie never could got any- thing to happon, although ho spent a great doal of money in search of a ghost. Some of our bogios are ns^ difficult to get at BB his wero, for though thoy aro made to squeak and. gibber by proxy they cannot be Induced to appear when they aro oxpectod Punctuality is said to bo'tho politeness of Jcing», but clearly is not of' national bogie«', for thoy abash their friends by being absent when thoy ought to carry-consternation throughout ' tlio country. Thon wo have tho Electoral -Act, wh oh has bcon~pronouncod to bo a ¡failuro, but which, after all, may J bo siid !. , . '/ ,; »''.'ti.,. I*.- 'Î - i .. to bo working vory will. Of course, it docs not ploaso ovorybody, what law o\or did or over will? Thoro'blro cortain per- sons who fancy that they aro showing thtir clovornl,ss when thoy show how ill conditioned thoy - aro, whilst there is a'^ays a sot/of "tromondous fellows" who profeBs to bo, nnd really think that thoy are, ftblo to put ovorybody to rights All wo can siy of thom is, what the young sister said to tho younger brothor, on tho subject of soma p omisos of thoir mamma Quoth the aiator, " Has mamma promised yousomothing very nice ?" Brothor-" Oh, yos, welly, welly nice." Sister-" Thon, don't you toko it." This is morely what wa say in regard of tho very positivo and glib advice which has been given to the working-classes especially, and to tho doctors generally. Our advice is, don't you tali o it. Our masons are somowhat different from thoso of the younger sis'er. She know that in the sweet thoro was a salutary bitior concealed ; wa know that in tho words of promise thero is nothing concealed, oxcept it is self-seeking, which is not at nil salutary to the publie for whom the mixturo is made up Indood, our admonitions may fairly bo said not to bo required, for there is not the least chanco of tho advice being takon, oxcept by tho gullible few who think that he is wisest who makes moat noise. One point on which, however, it do B Boem to bo doairablo to speak a few serious words ia, tho endeavours which litvo boen, and are being, mado to induco tho olectors to pledge themselves months before tho date of the election. In thia part of i the Colony a fow pars ins aro going about trying to bo beforehand with ordinary candidates, possibly because thoy think that their chances would bs small if thoy waited decently for tho propor time. Wo do not suppose that they will deceive anybody, or persuade many to plcdgo themselves so far in advance, but it is as well that we should caution the electors against tho tactics that are being pursued. Wo may remind them thit there ia plenty of timo. The gone ral elcotion cannot take plao until July at tho earliest, so that there is not any need for hurry, and it will be wise to wait and Bee who are tho candi- datos likely to como forward. The beBt men certainly will not take tho field at >ho present time. They will not go wan- dering about seeking to got the eleotcrB to pledge themselvcB long before tho proper date, long before any opinion can bo formed as to tho mon likely to come forward, or evon the isjuos to bei docided, but will do all things decently and in order. Theèo aro the mon whom it is desirablo, in tho intorcsts of tho Country, to induoa to t.ku the field, so that tho o'ootors will do well to diaoourago all attempts to jump the position. Jumpers in the mining world aro, as a rulo, not very desirable persons, but in tho political world thoy are alwa)s a shady Bet, and just such politicians as the community oin well do without. In regard to tho character of repre- sentatives the electors cannot b3 too par- ticular. They must not fall into tho mis- take, in1 o which somo districts in Victoria fell, that those who make tho most lavish professions can do tho most work, orovon o-«, ,'nplinnd to do tho work, bocauso this is opposed to all tho experience of the woild. Ton years of Btrife, without so much as tho g <in of a Binglo thing, was the penalty which Victoria paid for tho elec- tion of those who professod merely and did not understand, and wo, horo, may at lonst profit by tho mistakes of our neigh- bours. " V manmaycry'church,church' at every word, nnd with no more pioty than other people ;" and in like mannor, they aro not the truly liberal who aro always crying out that they aro Liberals No doubt wo shall have plenty of professions as soon as the electoral campaign ahall bo begun, and it wou'd not bo difficult, oven now, to point out tho sort of candidates who will promiso most freely, and declaro that they aro going to do all Borts of wonderful things. Others, who fool re- sponsibility, who know how many things prevent what is doiirablo being dono, who understand that all legislation is at best but partial and unaatiBfactory work, will' not protmio moro'than thoy think Ihoy can perform. Tho struggle ia not, as it ia foo ¡silly put, between those who wish to d 1 well and those who WÍBII to tyrannise over tho people, for no such nbiurd tt.ito of affairs, happily for all, oxiats, hut tho real difficulty fs to decide v> lint ia b st to bo done and bow to do it in th<» beat manner. If the world cou'd have been saved by good intentions'and lavis i p-ofesjionr, it wou'd havo been suvod long ago. 1 I ., t , THE íeccnt opiaode in connection with II.M.S. Diamond is not without a parallel in this Colony, though tho parallel docs not hold good quite throughout. In 1875 H.M.S. Baracouta arrived in this port, having on board some caBcs of typhoid fovci, but tho captain'repoited that all was well. Hie consequence waa, that pratique was at pnce granted and the mon wero allowed to land, and they availed themselves of their liberty by wandering all over tho city. They mingled, as is the want of seamen on I leave, pretty freely with the peoplo, and made themselves merry in tho usual fashion. It tianspired, however, that there wero some caaes of typhoid fever on boord, which, as in the rocent instance, had broken out while tho 'vessel was in Sydney, and thereupon there arose a very warm dis- cussion. Although tho health officer of the day here did not think that there was any danger of contagion or infection, and two cases wcro landed and treated in the hospital, the public could not be made to take so pleasant a view of tho proceedings, go that the captain of the Baracouta was greatly blamed for having reported that the health of his ship's company was " good," when, in fact, there were cases of fever on board. The subject was discussed by the Chamber of Commerce, tho general opinion being that sufficient precautions bad not been taken. Certainly tho conduct of the captain of tho Diamond presents a very favourable contrast to that of tho captain of tho Baracouta, for in tho recent instance all tho facts were made known at onco, as they should have been on the previous occasion. There is a moral, and a valuable one, in tho business however. The Bia aconta, when sho got back to Sydney, whenco sho had biought tho fever, was found still to havo some cases on board, and she was at once scut into quarantine. Now, it is woithy of remark that no sooner wcro tho men landed in Sydney, and the sick sepal ated from the healthy, than tho fever disappeared, although it had continued on board tho vessel a very considerable time, just as we now see in the caso of the Diamond. From this wo may deduco the conclusion that the present health officer \- ; f-j v.. y^^s-, did the very "best for tho crew of tho Diamond in 01 doringa thom awjiy'toltho'iiualantinc station, where they aro now» all doing well, and ha\o, we* .aro told, nearly recovered |from what, iiî loss favourable cniMimstanoiis. might have been a long und serious illness. _If tho_captuin_of the Diamond, and til« doctor too, will reflect ovoi this fact, they n}ày rpgrifrij th¿ action of j tho health oflicei less unfavourably than, they havo hitheito, for they nie leaping Um benefit of tho action which they condemned. Wo may add, foi their consolation", that just as tho litimoouta was sent into quarantine after her |ieturn to Sydney, so would the Diamond have been, if Bho had gono back to that port. Nor would BIIC havo faiod bettor if BIIO ihad gono to Melbourne, for tho authorities at that placo kept a close watch on the Bal aconta, and would hayo had, i no doubt, something to say to tho Diamond. It may bo ti no, though the point is by no means settled, that typhoid fevor is not contagious or in- fectious, but it is unite clear that tho way to prevent its spreading is to romovo the sick persons to whore thoy will havo plenty of fi edi air, and bo removed from the place in which they first conti acted tho disease. CAULK NEWB.-TIIO Right Hon. John Bright is ondcavouring to mediate as mutual friend and conciliator between Mr. Glad Bteno and the two recalcitrant members of bia Cubiuot. It Is anticipated that Prince Aloxnnder. yiolding to the protests and do mauds of Russia, will wnivo his claim to be mado Governor for life of Eastern Roumolia, Disruptions in the G lads tono Cabinet are increasing, and thcro arcstiong probabilities of a coalition between tho Conservatives and Moderate Liberals. Tho recout proposal of tho Admiralty and War Office that British officers might hold appointments in the colonies is not likely to be ratified. EXECUTIVE COUNCIL.-Tho usual weekly meeting of tho Executive Council waB held at the Government offices yeatorday at noon. His Excellency the Governor presided, and tho Ministers present were tho Promior ( Dr. Agnew) and the Trcosurer (Mr. Burgees). 'Tim Attoinoy-Geneial was engaged in court, aud the Minister of Lands was nbsont on a brief visit to the, Huon. Amongst the busi- ness transacted waa tho appointment of Mr N. J. Brown to tho vacancy in tho Federal Council, and the bestowal of approval on the regulations submitted in , connection with tho distribution of the £5,000 vote for deep sinking in mining. | CENTRAL BOARD OF HEALTH.-At tho meeting of the Exccutivo Council yesterday tho two names chosen by the members of the Central Board of Health out of ithoi'18 candidates for tho post of inspector under tho board weie submitted for approval, and the choice fell; upon Air. Aw Mault, late of the Derwent Valley and Huon Railway surveys, who was duly appointed to the office. TnE FEDERAL COUNCIL.-At tho meeting of the Executive Council yesterday the Hon. Nicholas John Brown,' Minister of Lands and Works, was appointed to represent tho colony of Tasmania in tho Federal Council of Australasia, Dice Mr. Adyo Douglas, whoso sect became vacant a fortnight ;wlien ho left the Ministry.' I THE ANNEXATION NEW GUINEA.-Tho 'Premier has received the following telegram from Mr. Duncan Gillies, Premier of Vic- toria, in reference to the annexation of the .New Hebrides :-" Premier of New Zealand asks mo to inform you that ho has tele- graphed to ' the Agoiit-Genoral ' for that colony to tho effect that with : reference to tho announcement in the newspapers that France was about to' send 1,000 moro con- victs to Now Caledonia, is a threat, and an attempt to force the colonies to yield in the matter of the annexation of tho Now Hebrides. Mr. Stout urges that all the colonies shall bo firm in theil- opposition lo that annexation. Tho Agent-General for Victoria ha8 likewise been instructed to the same effect as tho Ageiit-General for Now Zealand." , THE RKPMSUNTATION OP RICHMOND. Mr. N. E. Lewis issues an address to tho electors of Richmond in our advertising columns announcing his intention to come forward as a candidate at the approaching general election. Ile intimates that ho will declare his opinions on tho political ques- tions of the day at a meeting at the Library Itali, Richmond, on Monday evening ,next, the 29th inat., at 7 -.'¡0. ' THE ROYAL COMMISSION ON PUBLIC' WORKS.-Tho following circular has been forwarded to tho chairman of the road trusts throughout tho colony as a means of obtaining aaucntial information :-The Royal Commissioners appointed by His Excellency the Governor are now engaged in taking evidence as to tho manner 'in which the public works of the colony have been carried out during the past three years. ' It is hardly possible, without unduly prolonging tho enquiry, for tho commissioners to visit every municipal or road diatrict in the colony, but with a view to make their report as complete and useful aa posaihle, they will feel obliged if you will forward, in writing, any conciso statement as to tho manner in which public works have been carried1 out in Íour diBtrict' during tho period mentioned, f you think it necossary that the commission should examino witnesses. on points of administration and conatruction only, they will endeavour tomake arrangements to meet your convenience.-I havo the honour to bo' etc., Titos. C. JUST, Secretary."J J, , ! ] ! DERWENT'VALLBV RAILWAY.-The pay- ment of a sum of £5,000, due to; the ,con jtractor for tho Derwent Valley Railway on account of work done, and 'which has been jin abeyance for some weeks on account ot tho refusal of the contractor to dismiss one of his officials, as tho resident engineer for the Government desired1 him to do, was paid over to him on iSaturday hist. The difficulty was got over, by tho fact that the official in question was required on other contract work in Victoria, and by his 'departure the deadlock waa removed. ; RAILWAY ROLLING STOCK:.-Tenders were received up to noon yesterday for.the Bupply of 200 iron hopper coal boxes for use on the Tasmanian Government Railways., In all seven tenders wore received, six from firms within the colony, thcother being from Mel- bourne. The tenders will receivo tin- imme- diate consideration of , the Government. Timo being a great point, it is probable-.that the" work "will lie distributed amongst two or Inoro firms. Mr. A. G. Humby, of Lower Maequarie-strcet, having intimated to tho Government . his. inability tD 'carry 'out1 his contract for tho construction and putting together of rolling stock, the Minister of Lands is now in communication ' with 'two other tenderers with a viow to their taking up the work. i ' .. ' ' . ' ; ' . ' ! PUOIIATUS.-Tho following probates'lia ve boen granted :-David LOWIB to Alexander George Webster, £9,250; Richard Gerald Fitzsimons to Eliza Fitzshnons, £1G5; Frederick James Houghton to Edgar Houghton, £142; Henry Cowell to, John' Steel, £0,230 ; Patrick Hewitt to P. R. Hen nebry and Martin William Gilleran, £100 ; and Michael Mackey to Ellen Mackey, £25. Letters of administration of tho goods, etc., of Alexander Jool Harris havo boen granted? to Kate Harris, the estate being sworn under £550., i CORRECTION.-In the speech of the Presi- dent at the annual meeting of the Southern Tasmanian Agricultural and Pastoral Society, on Fridaj evening, the following sentence occurs :-" In New South Wales a special fund is raised under the Rabbits Destruction Act by assessment on owners of 200 horses or 200 cattle and upwards at a rate not ex- ceeding l^d. per head, and for owners of 100 or moro sheep not exceeding Is. 4d. per head, the average expenditure in Now South Wales per annum since the Act carne into operation being £82,883." Tho Is. 4d. should bo }d. (one farthing). THE WOOLLEN INDUSTRY.-Included in the exports for Sydney per s.s. Flora aro 180 pairs of superior French blankets, and 900yds. of _ white (launel from, the Derwent Woollen Mills, one among tho many orders which Messrs. Johnston Brothers and Co. oro filling for tho Sydnoy merchants. ' > \ PDIILIO MEETING AT GLEBE TOWN.-All property-holders and residents dn Globe Town aro requested by advcrtisoinont to meot at the residenco of Mr. Sharpe, Trinity Glebe, at 8 o'clock, on Wednesday evening, for the purpose of making a formal protest against the threat of the lion, the Minister of Lands to rail off and sever all connection botween Globe Town and tho public Domain by'means of fencing off that part of tho globe in front of tho housos now faolng the Domain, and also the streets leading to it. MUTUAL UNION INSURANCE CO.-An ex- traordinary and tho first general meeting of tho shareholders of this company will be held at tho office of the company, No. l8 Elizabeth-street, this ovoniuß at 7'30. DEBATING ASSOCIATION.-A mooting of the Hobart Parliamentary Debating Association will bo hold this evening at Davey-strcet schoolroom, at 7*30 p.m. UNCLAIMEU TKLEORAMS.-Messages, ad- dressed to "Merodith, Hobart," "Mra. Bilton, Gladstono-strcot,"aud "J. F. Ryan, Royal Exchange Hotel," arc lying at tho Telegraph Office, tho messengers being unable to find the persons so addressed. «A " SUPREME COURT.-Owing to tim Criminal 'Sessions being held to-diiy, mid the proba ibility of their also oxtenclli'g ovor W'odncs day, tho Small Debts Sittings of tho '?Supremo Court havo been adjourned until Thursday. Sovcral casos romain on tho roll for disposal. _ Tun ACTION AOAINST THE CORPORATION. -The action 'Cresswell v. Mayor and Alder- men, in which tho plaintiff sought to moko the corporation liable for damages sustained by.bim .through tho heavy Hood in November hist, concluded yestoiday, tho jury returning a verdict in favour of tho corporation. LEGAL ADMISSION.-In chambers yester day, beforo His Honor the Acting-Chief Justice, Mr. George Beedham, of Hobart, was admitted to act as a barrister, attorney, solicitor, and proctor of the Supreme Court. Mr. Beedham served his articles with Messrs. Clark and Simmons, of Macquarie street, and passed his examination in law in January last. CITY POLICE COURT.-His Worship the Mayor (Mr. J. G. Davies) was in attendance |at the City Polico Court yesterday, and dis- posed of tho following eases :-Augustus Vincent, charged with stealing a quantity of 'goods from tho rcsidenco of Mr. II. R. 'Brent, Now Town, was remanded until tho ¡24th ¡nst. Robert Brady for vagrancy was 'sent to gaol for o month. Ann ftFcDonough, 'who pleaded guilty to being drunk and dis ¡orderly, was fined 5s,, or sovou days imprisonment. , INQUEST AT CARLTON.-An inquest was .hold on tho 17th Morell at tho house of Win. lEaton, Carlton, to enquire into tho circum ¡Btanccs attending tho dcatli of Nelly Edith (Eaton, aged five months, who died on the ¡15th March. Mr. G. Marshall was coroner. 'Jano Eaton, mother of tho child, doposed .that tho, deceased was her daughter, and ¡was five months old. She had been ailing .for a week, and died of bowel complaint and ¡thrush, sho bcliovcd. Tho child liad been .attended regularly and fed well. Ellen (Eaton was grandmother of the deceased. She had been away in Sorell, and therefore had not known much of the last hours of ¡the child. It had had dysentery, and died 'at 3 p.m. on the 15th. It had had a drop of camphor given to relievo it. G. W. Lindley deposed that ho was appliod to by tho great grandmother of deceased on Sun- day,'the M til, for medicino for the child, but he refused to send it, not having seen it, and had intimated that should, death ensue from tho illness from which it suffered, ho Bhould not register lier death without a modical certificate. Ho had declined to register its death. ' Dr. Charles Turner de- posed to having mado a post mortem exami- nation of tho body of deceased. Sho appeared to havo been well fed, and was a fairly nourished child. Death was caused by in- flammation of the bowels. Tho jury found a ¡verdict accordingly. j HOSPITAL ITEMS.-Tho following cases were treated at tho General lloapital yester- day :-David Williams, carter, O'Brien's Bridgo, for a cut on tho log, received from an adze ; Julia Osborno, servant, Barrack strcot, for a cut thumb. ' j BOYS' HOME,-A special meeting of the fjovernora of the Boys' Homo was hold at tho ionio yesterday. There were present Mr. F. W. Mitchell (chairman), and Messrs. J. Macfarlane, E. O. Nowell, tho Hon. Alfred Dobson, and the lion, secretary, Mr. . E. Hawson. Tho governors first made a round of iiiapection, and woro genorally pleased with tho beautiful state of order and clennlincBB in which tho catablishnioiit ia kept by the master, Mr. Wiseman. Business being proceeded with, it was decided to call for tenders for repairing- tho roof, as it lind leaked a great deni during tho lato rains. Tho large mast erected in front of the homo having fallen some timo BÍUCO, it wna con- sidered that it would be undesirable to ro place it, and the muster waa authorised lo utiliao tho timber uacd in its construction in putting up gyninoatic appliances, which would DO moro beneficial to tho boys than would be any excrciso thoy could obtain up oii the mast. After transacting some fur- ther routine busincas the meeting ter- minated. ; CHRISTIAN WORK IN PERSIA.-As appears in our advertising columns, Presbyter Hor mizd Is to give an address on tho above sub- ject at the Memorial Hall to- night. Xbo Ncatorian Christiana lmvo been subject to much annoyance mid persecution at the liandB of the Khoords, and thoy aro now trying to purchaso territory where thoy may worship and work free from such inter- ference. To help towards tina Presbyter Hormizd is now visiting tho Australian colonies, soliciting subscriptions. An in- teresting account of Christian word in Persia ivill doubtless be given, and It is hoped a liberal collection will be taken up. The chair will be taken at eight o'clock. ! BAPTIST TABERNACLE ANNIVERSARY.-A fruit «oireo in connection with the anniver- sary of tho Baptist Tabernacle will bo held Ibis evening at 7 o'clock. j TEMPERANCE MEETING.-A public tem- poralice meeting will bo held in the Congre- gational Schoolroom, Hampden-road, this evening, at 8 o'clock. i THEATRE ROYAL.-Another now piece was produced at tho Theatre Royal last evening by the Holloway Dramatic Company in the preaence of Blieb a large audience thal thero can be no doubt of tho continuance of tho popularity of the season with the public. 'The novelty WOB Merrit and Righton's comedy drama, The Jirokcn Idol, which turua out to bo a fairly interesting compn jjition, although on somewhat hackneyed lines, the freshness of tho treatment, of which. Is, strange to say, not nu additional Recommendation. The old story of the clerk, who is falsely charged with a forgery on bia employers, ig..served up as usual ¡with the accessory of a faithful wife, though tho unstained purity which the hero ?nul heroine usually bear dramatically under such conditiona ia ' somewhat tarnished in ¡this instance on his part h-, tho fact that he has-though no forger-boen weeding the till to buy luxuries for a sick wife, and that ¡subsequently,when in hiding, and his wife is J supposed to bo out working for bim, ho plays false to hor and Bolacos himself with another female friend ; wtiilo she, on her pait, in- stead of working, as she is supposed lo do, ¡B striving for wealth by a coup at tho gaining £able, in defaults'of which sho uses hor fasci- nations on a strange old gentleman whom Rho meets and from wliomslie borrows money. The excuse for the faults of tho husband is the necessities of the wife, and tho excuso for the, fault of tho wife ia the necoaailics of the liusbtuul/but it was evident that neither found ? very' cordial endorsement from tho audience. ' To tho way in which tho pioco ia put on tho stage-no exception can bu taken, nor, generally Bpfcaklng, to tho.aoting. Miss Easie Jenyna lina plenty of acopo in display- ing tho wayward emotions which move tho loving,rovcngoful woman, whoiscertuinlytho yictlm of most untoward circumstances. The archncBS of her comedy, and the lightness of her playful scones, and tho tenderness of her protecting affection for the young girl Cissy, contrast well with the indignant scorn of her rejection of her divorced husband's renewed suit, and the agony with which ahe await» the divnlgenco of her encounter with the elderly friend when she again meets bim iinder altered circumstances. Misa Jenyna, moreover, looks very handsome In her London-made costumea, and poses success- fully as much older than sho really is. Mr. ^V. J. Holloway plays Hiram Goldring, a partner in tho firm of Granby and Co., judici- ously, but it is notsingularinany way.oxcept perhaps in the evanescence of tho dialect, acquired probably during a very brief visit to Yorkshire. Mr. II. R, Jowett softens tho faults of Richard Roxby as much as pos- sible, and Mr. diarios Holloway is forcible aa Mr. Lawyer Magnum. The fun of the piece-and it is rcaily the best part of it Is supplied by a joyous trio-Miss Alico Doorwyn as a very channing "slio-would bo married-again " widow, Miss Nita Steele as a hoydenish young girl just emancipated from school " for evor and a day," and Mr. R. Stewart as Fitz, her lovor, who is not only a fool, but knows it, and doesn't mind acknowledging it. Plenty of laughter fol- lowed the eccentricities of this comic trio, especially at Miss Deorwyn's pretty devices -and for their prettincss they deserve to be, as they aro, successful-to catch another mate. One word as to tho orchestra. Its personnel has been BÜghtly changed 'lately, but not for the better. Tho increase in the number of the strings is no counterbalance for, tho loss of the brass instruments, and the excellent little quintette would be wel- come back again. Tho weakness of the old piano renders a heavy background necessary. The flute also wants attention. It was sadly out of tune-(sharp)-lost night, notably in the River of Diamonds waltz. This evening, by Vice-Regal command, The Jtiny of Iron will be given once more in tho presence of their Excellencies Sir Geo. Strahan, Sir Henry Loch, Lady Loch, and party. MEETING AT RICHMOND.-A public meet- ing, called by requisition, will bo hold tiri« afternoon at three o'clock in tho Couimil chambcrs, Richmond, ' for tho purpose of taking into consideration tho action of the chief inspector of sheep in requiring all briars to bo cut on private land within two months. FOOTBALL.-A meeting of those interested in football will be held at the Bridge Hotel, Richmond, on Saturday evening next, 27th but. ^ _ , i _,/; ÜKI.LHHIVB RWIATTA.-A commiltco moot- ing was held at Dawson's Hotel, liellcrivo, on Saturday evening last. Present: Messrs. C. E. Featherstone (in the chair), li. 11. Alomes, 0. II. Lamb, R. Dawson, Thoa. Dawson, and W. Benson, lion, secretary. Tho following résolutions were unanimously agreed to:-1. That a concert lio held on regatta bight, When tho"prizcs won at" the regatta will bo presented. The management of the concert will be loft in the bandst of* . Messrs. W. Benson and H.._L. Smith ;.2. That*» band ""no engaged* for regatta day ; 3\. That tho starting point'"bo tho same us last year ; 4. That tho chairman arrange for a flagship ; 5. That tendere bo callod for a booth for tho salo of liquors, otc., on regatta ground ; 0. That the preparation and pro- duction of the programme ho left to tho chairman; 7. Tlio order and timo of »tai Ung the various races was thou fixed, the Derby Scullei-B to bo sent away first at 1 p.m. sharp ; 8. Tho prizes wcro fixed as follows : Derby Scullors, trophies ; Sailing Boat Pace, first prizo £7, second prize, £.'1 ; Second Class Yachts, first prizo £10, second £5; Scullers Raco, trophies, valued at £5 and £3 respectively ; Cham- pion Four-oarod Race, one prizo of £30 ; Ladles' Purso, ono prizo of trophies to tile value of £20, to bo increased to £30 if a Northcrncrowcoinpotcd ; All- comers' Derby, first prize, £10, socond prizo, £5 ; Municipal Puise, first prizo £8, second, £4. 0. The secretary waa instructed to write to the Warden and councillors to know whothor thoy would subscribe to tho Municipal Purso. 10. Members of committee wore requested to produce subscription lists and pay in amounts collected at next meeting. 11\. If Mr. Coogan did not compote for tho Amateur Sculling Championship, it was do cided to hold n raco instead for amateur scullors who havo not yet won an Alexandra prize. . MERCANTILE ROWING Cr.un.-Tho trophies for tho races to bo rowed by members of this club on Wednesday aro on view in Mr. S. P/Lawrcnco's window. . They con- sist of two gold medals, presented by Mr. J. N. White, for a pair-oared race, and four silver medals for tho winning crew in the third competition for tho eupj presented by tho Hon. W. II. Burgess. Tho mcdills havo been manufactured by Mr. Lawrenco, and are of a vary neat design. . CiiAMl'to.v FOUR-OAR - RACE.-In conse- quence of tile death of the bow oin-, Phil Markham, of the Oakford«' crow, tho race for tho championship between them and the Pillings has boon postponed. 1 FOOTBALL.-Tho annual mooting of tile Venus Football Club was held at_ the Good Woman Hotel last evening, when there was' a fuir attendance present. Air. C. l'olston was elected chairman. '1 he annual report was read, and showed that tho club was very successful last season, and no doubt tho mombers will givo a good account of them- selves this year. The following officers wore elected :-L. Walton, President; T. Bagley, J. Langford, and C. Polsto'n, vice- presidents, C. Davies, captain ; W. Langford, secre- tary : J. Brennan, treasurer; &., WilliauiH, U. Fclmingham, and G. Langford, match cominittco ; C. Mason and E. Collins were elected a general committee. After the transaction of alittlo important business tho meeting terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman '. CONCERT AT NEW NORFOLK.-To-morrow evening tho Filibuster Band give a concert at New Norfolk, instrumental and vocal. The programme appears in another column, and presents mi attractive variety. It ia announced that u dance will follow the con- cert. NATIVE AFFAIRS IN NEW ZEALAND.-Tim following pal agi aph from a Wellington ox change gives'a fair idea of tho picbcnt state of native affairs in Now Zealand. Incident- ally it also convoys the idea that tho Nativo Minister is not above "taking tip" from tho " poor savago" :-" llori Ropilla, who accompanied Tawhai and Major To Wlicoio to England, had an interview with the the Native Minister yesterday at tho Gov- ernment Buildings. He was accompanied by several of tho Taupo natives, who ex- plained that thoy had some matters to lay before ¡Mr. Ballance HoriRppiha expressed himself as being favourable to tho unity of both races, whilst another chief presented the Nativo Minister with a. whalebone mere, attached to which was a greenstone pendant and a roll of bank notes (£20), as a token of friendship and peace. Mr. Bal lauco expressed 'gratification at tho visit, and, referring to lawhuio's mission to Eng- land, told the natives that tho only Govern- ment they bad to look to was the Govern- ment of New Zealand, which was as supremo hero and as much tho Government of the Queen as tho Government was in England. At the beginning of tho interview tho natives knelt down and prayed that tho Almighty would > bloas theil- de- liberations. Tho visit of Ropilla may bo considered as of great significance. Ho is a man of conbidorablo ability and of lofty nims for tho good of his people. After ho carno back to tlic colony lie went about as a propa- gandist, strongly urging his people to join the temperance movement, but just us strongly urging thom not to part with their lands, to have nothing lo do with tho Nativo Land Court, and to place their entire trust in Tawliiiio and their own chiefs, Ho was eagerly listened to, and got tho natives at Taupo to sign a document, stating they would havo nothing to do with tho Nativo Land Court, His influence with tho Waiiarapa natives was very considerable, and on one occasion, as tho Native Minister was travelling to Woodvillo, ho found tho King's flag flying at Tuhoraita, at the sugges-1 tiou of ltopiha, who was then going about on bia propagandist mission. Tho faut that the Taupo nativcB preferred tho viqws laid before them by the Nativo Minister BOOH afterward, coupled with the fact that thoy havo since put nmilliuii and a half acrcsof their land through the Native Land Court, lias had, in all prob- ability, something to do with Ropiha's chango of convictions. Ho ÍB by far too clover a man to shut his eyes to such significant facts. His visit to Wellington may be regarded as a great triumph for the Nativo Ministor." PUIILICANS AND PuiUTAKH,-A somowllat singular conference on tho licensing ques- tion has (says tho European Mail of tho 5th ult.) boen al ranged to take placo in'Eng- land. Repi esentativos of the brewers and Good Templars, of tho licensed victuallers' organisations und tho United Kingdom. Alii iinue, ure to meet in council to discuss what alterations in the 'existing law aro desirable. Tin's meeting is likoly to , put into the Shade the recent conference between clergy- men and Nonconformist, ministers on dises- tablishment. There is something vastly amusing in publicans appearing , in the character of tho lamb who was to decide with what sauco ho would prefer to bo eaten. . REGIMENTAL ROIIBERY.-Truth states that Iho following complaint from India seems a legitimate one :-" As you oro always ready ta oxpOBO abuses, cannot'yóu say a word in your paper regarding tho robbery of officers of H.M.'s regiments serving in India by the conversion of their English pay into rupees at tho i-tito of 2s. Gd. per, rupee, when tho market %-alue of tho samo is less than Is. Od., thus robbing every officer of over ono [¡hilling in every rupeo ? If the state of tho Indian treasury is Buch that it ¡B unablo to pay its ofiiccrs at the market rate, tho same as tho N C. ofliúor's and menj let tho officer havo the option'of having Ids English pay drawn in England by the agents. Ho can then got it remitted to India at the market rate." . ' J < ' - -1 AMI'.KIÜANTIME-TABLES.-The next chango In American and Canadian railway time- tables will, it is said, bo the abolition of the familiar " a.m." and " p.m.," and the iium-, boring of tho hours consecutively from 1 to 24\. A committee appointed by the American Society of Civil Engineers to learn the vioWBoftthe railroad officials of the conti- nent on tho , subject has racoivod replies favourable to the system from represen- tatives of over 100,000 milos of line, includ- ing tho great > Canadian roada-tbo Grand Trunk, Canadian Pacific, and Intercolonial. Tho telegraph corporations, also, it is said, desire tho chango, which would do away with many opportunities for mistakes. Tho metcoiological servicb of the Dominion has usod tho now system for some timo past. i PRESCRIBING BY TELEGRAPH.-It is said thatsomo of tliooporators in tho service of the Western Union Telegraph Co. at Now York aro graduates in memoinc. It recently happened that one of them had his attention attracted by a message which stated that a coi tain physician ata placo three miles dis- tant WUB wanted immediately to attend a young person who had just Bwallowed an ounce of laudanum. Tho student-opera- tor asked at ouco for all tho parti- culars, und on receiving thom a con- sultation was hold at the Now York olfico. It was decided that it would bo liu/Aidous to postpone treatment until tbo doctor could bo found and driven tiirco miles to attend a patient in so dangerous a condi- tion. Tho council therefore telegraphed tho opomtor at tho office neaiest to the patient's roaidenco to soo that powerful omoticB woro ndministoicd, suggesting home-made ones, such as lukewarm water and mustard and water, after which tho patient was to bo vigoi ously l ubbed and whipped with switches to prevent sleep. This unexpected order was faithfully carried out, and with such happy results that the poison failed to act. Something Uko this was dono, it is said, at Manila about a year ago. Titi: COUNTESS OK MONTE CIIUIHTO.-Tho rielioHl woninn in thouin Id ban lately been diseovoicd. Donna iaidora Cniwino, of Chili, is thu luuky individual. No one, not oven she buniolf, knows the exact amount of her wealth, which is derived fiom land, callie, minos, bonne, mid ship propel ty to nny o\tent. In addition to thean som ces of iiiooii(<5~iiho~ owns tho only~conl minéssjií Smith America, fiom willoh she diawa about . i"I(i¡ÓO0 a nioiith. It is shitcd 'that' Donno Cousinqjs a " louiaikablo business woman," and in hefdoiilingsvvitb thoenal airoimisthavo bon owed somo of thosbrowdnessof her Scotch overseers. It coats her about 5s. Oil. a ton to mine mid delivoi Ibu coal, ami abo sells it al about 30a,, Ilma malting a pi out of some 500 percent. Tim " Coiinlcas of Monto Chi ¡alo," na tho Chilians call her, is a Widow, and about 15 years of ago, but saysY shu will never many again. NovortholoBs, pho is no1 altogether averse' to masculine so- ciety, for, on ono occasion, when tho United States licet uns at' Valparaiso, sho invited all the ollicers to spend a weok with her. Probably tbo " Countess" would bo relieved at finding some way in which to spond her millions, for sho Is a gi oat patroness of racing, and always bael« hor own horses. Butjhero, again money breeds monoy,|and BIIO always wins, , Tin: DANGERS OP UNCOOKED HAM.-Tho following is fiom thu New York Herald : l" If you want to dio a horrible death, cat raw hum," reinotkcd tho venerable scientist, Dr. Thomas C. Furnell, just as he plaucd a paiticlo of tho remains of Miss Emma Woitzel, of No. 215, Wooster-strcot, Now York, who died at Trinity Hospital, undor a Îioweiful micioscope in Ino back parlour of , ii» house iii West Houston-street. The spuoimoii whioh Dr. Furnell was examining , had been out fiom tho pectoral muscio of the Î'oung woman, much ogoinst tho wishes of 1er rolotivos, by Deputy Coroner Bonita, and wa» found to bo allvo with tho parásito trichinnv Dr. Donlin, assisted by his bro thor Thomas and Dr. Finnell and his two sons, made during the afternoon an autopsy on Miss WoiUcl's body, and found -, that hor death was duo to hynostatic pneumonia. The piece of muscle willoh had boon taken fiom tho body was microscopi- cally examined, and tho spooimons secured were carefully mounted for futuio refcrenoo nud limelight illustration. From tho .first t bit of muscio placed under tho magnifying i glass a fully-developed worm waa taken, xbo parasite, which is known to science as trichina sp'tralis, was olivo and squirming-1 when pluccd on tho plate. It was visible' to tho naked eye, and was spiral in form,1 with a long rounded body, sharp at tim hoad and' ' a trillo broader at the tail. The worm, which is vivipui ons when seen through tho microscope, resembles a hair, and was in three sections. It possessed, no organs, but au alimentary canal ran tho entire length of tho body. The second worm , mounted was dead. It was injoetod with a reddish fluid and looked hideous. 'Tho piece of muscle which had beau cut out o£\ Bliss Woitzol's breast was believed to con- tain hundreds of parasites. When several dozen of the loathsome worms had been ' placed on glasses and properly labelled, Dr. Fiilnoll gaVo tho following information con- ' corning trichina) to a Herald reporter :-',' " Trichina) havo boon found in man, tho pig, '' dog, 'cat, rabbit, guinea pig,' rat, and blrdB. After thoy have invaded tho body of a human being, and have bocomo fully de- ' voloped, they aro found in largo nmnbot-B in ' the small intestines, and less abundantly In the large intestines. Ft oin omi to three worms uro enveloped in a capsule. In that condition thoy aro scattered in immense numbers throughout tho vol- untary ''mnsoles.' Thoy romain'1' dor-' munt the first day, but on the second they ' aro fully dovolopod worms. On the eighth day they bear immense young worms. In 14 days they become encapsulod and scat- tered tlnoiighout tho muscio, causing Bovero pains In some cases tho parasites have been known to remain inactive for yours. The remaining six members of tho Woitzol family, still at tho Trinity Hospital, ara re- ported to be quite low. Tho patients bad learned of tho death of tho young woman, and tho ead news had a distressing effect upon tho nerves of her brothers and siatera." 