STRANGE PERSONAL EX PERIENCES. A TRI ' i Iinosr STORY. H.iving tired ourBeivc - bira-nesttng, oltmb- ing tree, leaping, and indulging in other pranks, we at last approached the old mansion, a large t<inatc, lofty, substantial house of three- at or) a. It had been uninhabited for years. Many of tbe windows were broken, some dosed with shutter, tb© lower one built up with stone# The, hall door, sppro .chad by a flight ot stone step#, tbrongn wuose joints long crass had grown, was also barricaded with large stone#. We examined in detail the front of Uua dtM ttedhall. We passed round to the back, and, climbing tbe garden wall, tfef covered With FHdl grea#, tbe fruit trees tncrrsUd with mors and mi'dew. deoty on all around. I turned around and looked up to one of tlif top wiodows, and there, to my utter amazement and terror, beheld standing at its window an aged man, dreesed in a bUck cut-away coat. He wore a three- cecked bat, and his skirted coat wae braided with gold. A large blaik dog wae on tbe wiidow sill before him, aud bis arm was stretched before the dog's breast, as if restrain ing him from leaping down at as. AU this was taken in at a glance. I pointed to the window. Tbe three of ue leaped from the wall, and ruehsd over " bank, bnab, and scarr," through brake and drain. Arriving at th high road breath- lenn, with clothes torn, hand aud face lacerated, feet and garment bedraggled with mire and wet, I aeked the other boys if tbsy hsd seen the old gentleman and bU dog, m I described, them. They aiNurel ma they had. This extraordinary apparition at i.i d-day, i-o much St variance with the ordinary ex perience, tbat tcch unearthly vbmora ol glitnpaei of the moon appear only at the witching hour of night, I really beheld ; or at least I believed that I beheld it, a truly a any obj >ci I had ever seen before. I visited tho \> ace lately. The old honse bud coiuplitelv disappeared. Not a tract of it roouiu. Of my two com panion© on that day, < n<> ha long since stolen to bis eternal rot. Tho round earth in tervenes between the other and mt«l'. K>r years no doubt crossed my mind that I bad actually t< eo that phoet. If you ask me if i believe it ntill, with tha nowUdge of after years, I mast oonfees that ! have devi ed a theory to xplain the apparition. There were ghost stones connected with the deserted rn.iu aion of Martinutuwn. I recollec'eJ. on re" tioD, to have ha'd ,ui o'd nu, .e toil, h j i when the family h td uli lef1, .I'/t ani eoiu>- cr vanta remained, tlivy were t . U n . cm- r. ..'h>. round the Are in ecr.ai.u h.i.l. .dJauiy thay heard u footNlap .<< of o: t- v, : k ; r ; S-iam the stairs. Step l.y » ep the > .. mm i with stately tread theie -Aailt«dm<o i . t, j ancient gemJeman, with tb' -t ! < ««d I,- j away braided coat, mlk etock i/. ..!, ; broad silver hutkU. ad a i. vinuj m-I | rapier by hi aide- He u»/> d mi , ; moment on the group by tha fu" y | ronnd walksd from tin- lowm m 1 (.. -..-. e I fled manner, was lieai l to the top of th# houe .tud Ml.; » »„ hind bio. That was the !.- ini.i .ci) ,,f ' servants stayed at M .nm-town The < :vr. ;i to which I afterwardr, caum. ! -i. : n ,,y ghost adventure through the - <>f > t . tbat had patstd, was, tn«t foa>s one wi'i. b; ,rk dog must bavs been ID t he ho <e at th- n iu> that be came to tbe window and looked out i. ns, and that to my mind # i yo he a&sunn; i v«n to tbe minute.st oarticuUr theappearam-u ot the old gentleman wnoee apparition I had heard de acribsd veare fc' fore. but of whom I had no re i scious tnonght at tbe time. It may bo i-hcd how I aooonnt for my two companions having witnessed exactly the same upparitiou. I ne only aos war I can give ie that tey beheld the man and dog, and tbat it was only iu anRwer to my questions they agreed ae to the cocksd hat ana bratdaa coat.— -ukixcnanBe. 