MARTIN DEVERIL'S DIAMOND. Au. Kicitra Rkskiiveu. A N 0 V E r, n\" ADELINE SE li GE ANT, Author of ".Jaco ill's WiFJt." Ac. CHAPTER XIX.— Tin: Change. " We have stolen a march on Cicely. She fnllv intended fo be at Rudy well before our return, but she docs not come till to-morrow." " Who says so ?" " I have seen Mrs. Le Breton in the village. She savs that. Cicelv will he very much vexed that she wus not there to welcome you, Eieanor." No respous-c. Eleanor was sitting in a low chair near a window, ller face was turned to wards ihc panes as though she were absorbed in contemplation of the landscape. She did not speak. Her husband walked to the window and leaned against the deep embrasure, with his knee upon the wide-cushioned sill. He looked at the scene on which her eyes were resting — a green lawn shut in by a ina<s of foliage, bright wiih autumnal tints, a grey sky above — and wondered whether she liked it. " It is pleasant to see au English lawn again," he said. " Do you think so f It is very monotonous," said Lady Eleanor, laugaidly. "One gets so tired of tho endless green of au English luud- soape You will not care much for this window, then V" said Philip, rather regretfully. " No ; it is so shut in. Why have you let the trees grow so thickly ? Oue can see nothing." 4> They shall be thinned if you like," ob served Fhilip, not without hesitation. He rather loved tho row of laurels and laurnstiuus bushes, with the grove ot elms and chestnut trees be yond. But Eleanor shook her head. What is the use ?" she said, apathetically. "Ten weeks have gone already— ten weeks and three days since .ve were married — nearly three months. In three months and a few days, you know. I shall not be here." , Philip started. ".Don't talk in that way, Eleanor,"' he said hastily. She lifted her face, and a slight color cauio into her pah cheeks. "Why not?" she said, with a torn of resentment in her voice. " You know that it is true. We- made a compact to live with each other for sis months, did we not? You do not suppose that I haves changed my mind V" Philip did not look at her as he answered. " We need not talk of it beforehand. When the time coiues it will be soon enough." ' Very well. So long as you understand that at the end of the six months I am free to go where I like. Of course there is no need to speak of it now." Philip moved impatiently, and did not answer. There was a perplexed and worried look upon his face, but Lady Eleanor did not sec it ; her eyes were roving mly round the room in which she sat. Has tiiis room beeu used lately ?" she asked after a little pause. " Not cry lately." u 1 thought not ; it is so dark and low. Oak nanc-ls always make a room gloomy. I can't boar a gloomy room." M You can choose any other that you like better, Eleauor. This was selected because it had been my mother's sittiug-room. She used to sit hero a great deal " "Then I had belter have another," said Lady FP.eauor, with an edge in her voice which Philip did no; quite understand. But he answered chO'Ti'uUy and gently. " L-.u me show you the house now. It is a rambling old place, and all of it is rather gloomy. I am afraid. But, perhaps, we can can tiiid a room that suits you better." Eleanor rose to her feet with some show of intoretC. ' Yes." she said, "it t am to spend three month here I shall want a cheerful room." Philip's lips moved as if a reply occurred to him. which on second thoughts he forboro to make. Eleanor never seemed now to have any second thought. She said what came into her mind to say, whether it were painful to her husoaml or the reverse. Perhaps she even took a sort of pleasure in saying the things that were mo«l galling and disagreeable to lmn. In this way she felt that she was revengiug herself upon him tor all Ural the Yargravcs had made her suffer. She was the injured porson, aud she wanted to punish him for the iujury. When Philip had once got her away from the Yavgraves' house, he had easily persnaded her that she would be happier in a foreign conntrv, where there would be' plenty of things to do and to see, thau in the rural obscurity of Lady- well. lie entreated her to remain with liim for for at least six months ; ho was not without a silent lopo that, wheu she hud recovered from t ue wound given to her dignity by that odd acci dent about hi uncle, she would yet turn out to 1)0 the sweet and docile wife that lie had ex pected to lind. He had great difficulty in bringing her to promise that she would make so lengthv a trial ot married lite, and it said muck for his patience and quiet perseverance that lie at last succeeded, but the result was not prov ing very satisfactory. Instead of growing calmer "or gentler -as time went on, Eleanor9 moods became at once more fitful and more in comprehensible to her husband. One day she would be feverishly merry, or, again, melancholy aud languid : then fn tfuiund ill-humoured even to insolouce, or simply silent and absorbed. .She had relapsed into mere spoilt-childishness, stick as Mr. Lorraine had fancied she would lay aside after her marriage, and Philip was often a; his wit's end to know what to do with her. At times she seemed to enjoy their life abroad, but towards the end of their'honevmoon (a strange sad honeymoon, indeed !) she showed so much wearlucss of sight-seeing that her husband pro posed a return to England. She was not ill- pleasod with the prospect of living near Cicely at the Grange, and Philip hoped that she would be happier there than she had been at Florence or H oidelberg. but her remarks upon the gloomi ness of her sittiugroom struck him with dismay. He took her over the house— an old-fashioned, quaintlv-contrived place, which had been en larged from time to time as necessity arose aud the Lorraincs' means increased. At any other season Eleanor would have been delighted with the building, particularly with the great hall in the centre of the house, from which various rooms and suites of rooms branched off, and round which ran a wide gallery leading to the upper room?. An oak staircase with a finely-carved balustrade led to this gallery, and the hall was lighted from above by etniitcu- gluss windows, which had beeu put in by Mr. Lorraine some twenty years before. The great fireplace and carved mantelpiece formed part of tho oldest portiou of the house : an inscription and a date were carved upon it in rnde old English letters, which Philip pointed out to bis wife with pardonable pride. " Stranngeres and Pilgrimes : 1698/ Those words were carved by the hand of the first Philip Lorraine who lived in Eaglaud. He loft the Netherlands during the wars with Spain, and settled here with his wife. Their first child was born in 1593, and it was then that he made this inscription — to remind his son that, although born on Euglish ground, he was not an Englishman, and might one day return to hi9 own land. But the son took root here and stayed." Eleanor glanced at the inscription with a wearied eye, then down at the floor, which was partly covered with a richly-tinted Turkey carpet. ' The hall is large enongb to dance in," she paid, without making any commeat on _ Philip's store. " The floor is eood. I should think. Do you'nver dance here?" " Never in my time. IVe have had many a Christmas tree, "and many a game at blind man's buff, but I don't think" we ever danced. My people did not care for dancing." "The musicians could be placed in the gallery," said Lady Eleanor, with a quick turn of her head, which hid her face from him. " Yes, one could give a very good ball here. But perhaps people would not come. Or per haps you would not invite them." " If" you invite them they will come," said Philip. "Yes, I might inauguiate quite a new state of things if I were going to stay here, might I not V" said Eleanor coolly. " But as 1 am not — " Philip would not hear. " Come through this door," he said. "You will find the most cheer ful rooms in the house in this wing. It is quite shut off from the rest of the building yon see. There are two rooms below and two above, with a separate staircase, and a door into the garden. It was first the children's wing ; the two nurse ries were above ; the schoolrooms and one bed room below. The schoolroom was made into Cicely's 6itling-room when she stayed with us, and she alwavs said that she was fond of it. We culled it dicelv's parlor." Cicely's parlor was a very different place from the panelled room upstairs which Eleanor disliked. It was bright, fresh, and airy ; rather barbarous in its style of decoration— all pink and white and gold — and not in the least to be compared with the panelled room as regarded picturesqneness, but Eleanor was attracted to it by its distance from the more generally used portions of the house. " I should like to ha7e it for my own special room," she said. "I suppose no one uses it now." " My uncle, sometimes." " Oh ! But he will not be back before I go, so that will not signify." "Very well," said Philip. "Make it your own, if you like it better than the# upstairs place. You can appropriate the entire wing. The upper rooms have a door into your own dressing-room ; a contrivance of my mother's when we were small children." "We?" repeated Eleanor. "You have no sisters or brothers !" " I had a sister once. She died when she was : 17." Eleanor made no further remark. Sho was not interested in Philip's dead sister. All that she had feared tor a moment was an influx of living relations anxious to be on fraternally intimate tenr s with her. .She made the. inspec tion of the rest of the house in almost complete silence, f oilier 3ick fancy was pleased by nothiug, riot even by the succession of rooms all openii g upon the loog passage ; rooms which once would have been a groat delight to her for their number anu convenience. In the roiith parage, a? it was named, her own department? were followed by I'hilip's dressing-room, Philip's study. Mr. Anthony Lor raine's study, iiiv;:ring-r>'cm and bedroom": then u corner was turned, and another set of room was reached, opening upon the won side o; the gallery, and generally appropriated to any guests staying ill the hoiwe. Un the north side oi the hotpc theie wore i;o upper rooms, tor the entrance-hall ran tip to the roof : .the drawing- rooms extended through the whole length of the hou>e troui north 10 south on tin. we?t side, while, on the east the diningroom. library and billiardroom corresponded with the reception- rooms upon the wch. The kitchen-; branched out, south and e.»sl, forming quite a little 'ring of their own; and the yard into which they opened wa< separated by a slone wall from the garden that stretched outside the windows of Lady Eleanor's uowly- oUcwori .sUring-ruom. It was au oddly constructed hou>o, but neither a small nor an inconvenient oue. The garden was as strange in Eleanor's eyes as the Grange itself. It had beeu laid oul alter a quaint, bygone fashion, and its shaven lawns aud trim lish-pond. its yew trees clipped into the likeness of peacocks' with stunted tails, its shady alleys and smooth, evergreen hedge5, were such as might have been p.uunvd undor the eye of that great garden-lover, Dutch William himself. There was something a little melaueholy about the nodding yew trees and lichen-stained marble basin of the fountain that had long coaled to play. Eleanor shivered as she trod the mo-s- grown walks, and thought regretfully of the sunshiny Italiau town that she had left. But what was the good of speakiug? She knew by this time that she had only to say the word, and that Phillip would carry her oil' whithersoever she would. He had been her most obedient slave ever since her wedding-day, aud bad never disputed kcr slightest wicdi — save ouce. Yes, once be ha I steadily refused to uo the thlug that she hud inked of him. It was dur ing their stay in Italy. She had wanted to stay the night at a town of whith her father had spoken with enthusiasm. Philip refused to do so — absolutely and quietly refused, without assigning any reason for his rcimatl. Lady Eleanor argued the point : she eveu con descended to plead a little, but he was iuexorublc. She shed tear. of vexation, which he must, have scon : she muttered angry words, which ho certainly heard ; but neither tears uor petulaut speeches produced any effect upon him. He had his own way, and Eleanor was compelled to yield — a fact which tilled her with resentment, 'vet gave her an increased feeling of respect for her husband's .strength of charactnr. He was usually so very getulo and considerate, ko mindful of her slightest wish, that it was a new experience to see htm assume the attitude of lord and master. Ever afterwards Eleauor was always suspecting him of a wish to tyrannise, a wish which she be lieved to be only held in cheek by a conscious ness of his guilt towards her, and a desire to appease bur just anger. »Shc did uot quite know whether she scorned or loathed him more ; she was quite sure that she did scorn and loathe him,nud that his apparent gentleness was only a form of hypocrisy which she hated worst of all. His harshness about Aquileja was au incontro vertible proof of it. Before the day \vas over Cicely had arrived ; she and Pauline dined at the Grange, thus ob viating the tC'ti-a'tth' evening with Philip, which Eleanor particularly disliked. Cicely plunged at once into plans for tho couiiug win ter — rides, drives, calls, parties were eagerlv suggested — and Eleanor listened and assented, though with a little chill of manner which Cicely could hardly understand. It seemed r.s though she had not made up her mind whether she would go into society or not that win- tei. I nui still in mourning for u\v father," sue said to Cicely, as they sat apart du.'iug the evening, " and I "did not think that there would be many people to visit in the cuuutry." Cicely glanced at Eleanor's black dress with a little look of wonder. " You know that you need not wear mourn ing now unless you choose," she said, rather hesitatingly. But Eleanor cut lior short. " 1 do choose," she said. " I shall wear black as-long as I ani here — as long as——" She did not complete the sentence, but sat with her dark eves fixed upon the fire and her fingers playing' with the great black fan which she held iu her hand. A vision of tbc future flashed across her mind. How would it be with her when she had renounced her home, her husband, her friends? Who wouid care for her : "Where should she live, and what should she do ? The wind was howling outside the house ; within there was a bright glow of fire light, warmth aud color, the scent of flowers, and the sound of music. It seeuicd to her as if she would come uay have to leave the light and warmth aud go into the howling of the storm. She gave a little shudder at the thought, ;iud then roused herself and spoke to Cicely. "Who is playing?" she said suddenly, as the long-drawn wail of a violin fell upon her ear. "Philip aud Pauline. It is quite their old pastime. She has played his accompaniments for years. Yon will have to play them now, Nell." " I can't play," said Eleanor, in a low tone. They were practically alone, for Philip and Mrs! Le Breton had gone to the grand piano in tho next room, where they could be .seen through the open door, absorbed in tlm nui-ic that tucy were making. Lady Eleanor leaned back in her chair and watched them with a speculative look in her eyes. "Indeed, you can play very well," said Cicely, warmly. "Mr. Vargrave says so. He savs "that you used to play bis accompaniments for him wheu he sang." "I did sometimes," said Eleanor, not able to hinder a sudden rnsh of color to her pale cheeks, which she lifted her fan to hide from Cicely's eyes. But Cicely ran on, unconscious of the blnsh. " We met him very often in Scotland. He was very kind, aud helped us in very many ways. Then he was stating at Sir Frederick's when I was there, and 1 saw a good deal of him." " You liked him?" " Oh, yes, I liked him very well. But Pauline does not like him at all." "No?" said Eleanor, indifferently. "Why not ?" "I don't know. She thinks that helms not been very good— very steady. It is so difficult for a girl to judge," and Cicely's eyelashes fell over a pair of very troubled hazel eyes. " You have seen more of him than I, Eleanor. Was he — nice — at home ?" The girlishly-worded question meant a good deal, and Eleanor was welt aware of its sig nificance. »SUe flushed and paled again as she replied. it Yes — I think so. At least he can be very nice wheu he pleases." " Oh, I kuow that," said Cicely with vivacity, and then the conference was broken up, for Mr. Le Breton and Philip returned, and tho conver sation became geueral. " Do you think that Eleanor looks happy ?" tiss Lorraine asked of her companion as they drove home thai evening. " My dear, how can I tell ? Lady Eleanor ia a sealed boos to me at present." " Well, Philip is not a sealed book. Do you think that Philip looked happy ?" said Cicely, with emphasis. "I don't think he looked unhappy." " Perhaps not— altogether. He looked more roused up than he does generally. He watches Eleanor's every look and word." " He is very attentive." " Uncomfortably so. That is just the word I want," cried Cicely. "They are both in au un comfortable state." They haven't settled down vet, but in a few week? we shall find them very different. Eleanor is sure to be delighted with the Grange j it is a house after her own heart." Pauline was not so sure of that as was Cicely, but the held her peace. Something in the aspect of husband and wife towards each other had disturbed ber, aheknuw not why. Eleanor's cold, unresponsive face when Philip spoke to her ; Philip's anxious yet somewhat formal attentions ; the way in which each avoided the other's eye and tacitly refused to speak of one unotfier to a third person — these things had filled Mrs. Le Breton's heart with shocked dismay. Had she done right in forcing Philip to keep his promise ? Would .not Philip and Eleanor both have been happier apart? When Cicelv had gone to bed Pauline came downstairs, remembering that a certain glass door which opened upon the terrace had not been fastened. Before lockiug it for the night she looked out and let the cold night breeze Elay freely upon her hot cheeks aud brow. It ad been a painful evening for her, in spite of her self-command aud self-repressiou ; and of all bitter thoughts the doubt an to whether she had really acted for the best was the most bitter. Sho remembered Philip's grave brow and Eleanor's unsmiliug lip?, and n wave of passionate and unavailing regret BWtpt sud denly across her. " He would have been hap pier with me," she said to herself. " He would have been happier with me. And yet I thought that I was doing right. What shall 1 do if everything goes wrong and ki3 wife never learns to love him after all ? Yet, is it possible that he would have been happier with a stain upon his honor, after breaking his promise to a helpless girl ? No, it Is not possible and yet aQd vet — My God, send me some sign to show me that I was not wrong 1" Her bitter, voiceless cry went up to the silent heaven and brought an answer down. And yet she did not recognise the answer when it came, so unexpected was its advent and— to her — so horrible its guise. For, as she waited, with the tears hot upon her cheeks, and the cold night wind blowing the hair over her pale brow, a face gleamed out of the darkness for a moment and disappeared. It seemed as though some person might be biding in an angle of the bouse where the shadows wero at their deepest, and bad chosen this method of manifesting bis presence to her eyes. Either that— or else she had seen a ghost. For the face was that of Robert Le Breton, risen from the dead. And was this tho only answer that Heaven could make her to her prayer ? (TO HE CONTINUED.) 