Local Brevities \------------------- A ghost in Evans-street. Scarcity of news this week. Sudden death at Springwood. I.O.O.F. meet on Tuesday night. District Court on Thursday night. Orange Lodge meets on Thursday night. I.O.O.F.,M.U., meet on Wednesday night. Friday next a public holiday. Hawkesbury show. The comet has been plainly visible during the Iast few days. . Advance Penrith.—-Buildings going up in every direction. " Moro to follow." Electoral list Nepean Electorate to be revised at Penrith, on Tuesday, 18th May. Tea meeting and concert at St. Mary's, to-day, Anniversary Good Templar's lodge. Water and gas question comes in for discussion at the Penrith Municipal Council meeting Monday night. Friday, 14th May, has been declared a public holi- day in the districts of the Hawkesbury and the Nepean. Programme of to-days sports, giving full particu- lars as to starters, colors, &c.;, for sale at this office price 6d. Mr. T. H. Smith, M. L. A. received a nasty kick in the abdomen from a horse he was attempting' o catch on Sunday night. A good deal of sickness at present prevails in the district, colds appear to be quite fashionable, and there are several serious cases of fever. Great sports on banks of the Nepean to-day. A small charge of sixpence will be made for admis- sion to the ground in aid of the prizes. The road leading to Castlereagh, at Grimes' cros- sing , was blocked for nearly an hour on Friday morning owing to a couple of dump cars having run off the line. Mr. Henry Evans, who was gored by an infuriated cow some weeks ago, is still very ill, but is gradually improving, and hopes are entertained of his permanent recovery. One of our Penrith aldermen waited on the rail- way platform a few nights ago for the purpose of seeing who had tickets. We were among the number, but had no ticket. We notice our speculative friend, Mr. T. R. Smith, has purchased two acres land near Emu Plains Railway Station for £400, and McQuade's farm, fronting the Western Road and the Nepean River, for about £1700. A correspondent urges upon draymen and horse owners generally, the advisability of using horse rugs during the winter months. This is certainly a matter that requires consideration, and we shall have something to say on it next week. Messrs. T. R. and S. Smith, report having sold, on account of Mr. John Brown, the Llandillo estate, to Messrs. J. 0. Phillips & Co., for £8,000. The purchasers intend cutting up the estate in 5-acre blocks, which will be sold on easy terms. 