aVEIES OF THE BAY. The proceedings this week in Parliament will be confined to one branch of the Legislature, as the Legislative Council will uot meet until the 10th inst. Tho Legislative Assembly will re- assemblo at 2 p.m. on Wednesday next, when the resolutions passed in committee of supply last week will be reported. 1 ho House will afterwards consider the Impounding Act Amendment Bill, which Mr. Dow has taken charge of. The House will then go into com mittee of snpply, and in case the estimates are completed, the Local Government Act Amend- meat B.ll will be considered. Tho consideration of this measure was deferred from last week at the request of themunicipalites, amongst whom 100 copies of the bill have been circulated in or-lertu afford them an opportunity of discussing its provisions. The steamship Cuzco put in an appearance in the Bay last evening from Loudon, after a passage of A-. days from port to port. As usual her passenger list is a Tcry Urge one. The total number of packages of mails brought was 333 bags, 33 of which were for Adelaide, 99 for Melbourne, 111 for Sydney, 17 for Geelong, 6 for H.M nary. 19 for Tasmania, 17 for New- Zealand, 71 for Queensland and 4 for Noumea. Fire packages under the new parcels post were also brought out by tho Cuzco, one of which was for Geelong, three for Tasmania and one for Queensland. During the passage Mary Bousfield, a widow, 83 years of age, died of heat apoplexy while the vessel was passing through the Red Sea. The New Zealand Government appear to be determined to light the Eastern Extension, Australian and China Telegraph Company to the bitter end on tho cable rates question. On Saturday telegrams which 'had recently pissed between Sir Julius Vogel and the chairman of the company wero published ia this journal, irom which it appeared that the New Zea land Government refused to continue the sub- sidy and declined to reter the matter in dispute to arbitration, and tho company, therefore, notified that from to-day the tariff for telegrams pass ing over tho cable would be increased from 6s. to 10s. for the first ten words, and from 8d. to Is. for each additional word. Tho New Zealaud Cabinet held a special meeting on Friday and determined to impose terminal charges upon all telegrams received in New Zealand over the cable at the rate of 4s. for the first ton words and 5d. for each additional word. The charges, therefore, from to-day, for a mes sage of ten words, in which both address and signature are counted, despatched from Vic- toria to New Zealand will be ISs. 6d., and Is. 8d. for each additioaal word ; messages from New Zealand to Victoria, however, will not be subject to tho terminal charge, and will be transmitted at 12s. 6 3d. for each additional word. The Spring Meeting of tho Victoria Racing Club wus inaugurated at Flemington on Satur day, in the presence of an unusually largo at tendance, which included, in addition to the Victorian vice-regal party, their Excellencies tho Governors ot New South Wales, South Australia and Tasmania. Daring tho early port of the day the weather was so unsettled and gusty that fears of a sadden change to rain were entertained ; but, although a rather disagreeable wind blew from tho west- ward duriDg the afternoon, the weather otherwise was fine. The first event on the card, the Melbourne Stakes, resulted in a dead beat between the taToritc Isonomy and Boolka, with the New South Wales colt, Bravo, third The owners of the dead-heaters agreed to run off after the last race, when Isonotny won rather easily after a good race for the first mile. The Hothani Handicap fell to Claptrap, who was followed homo by the favorite Hexham and Lancer. The South Australian filly Hortense, by Gang Forward — Josephine, notwithstanding her 14 ' lb. penalty incurred by her winning the Great Foal Stakes at Canlfield, on tho 9th ult., beat her field easily in tho Maribyr- nong Plate, Huntingtower finishing second and Bedooln third. Atter a most exciting race Trident won the Victoria Derby, beating Cbeshom, Aglaos and four others, the winner afterwards being decorated with a bine ribaud in accordance with the custom always observed in New South Wales, and paraded round the lawn amidst the greatest euthasiasm. In the Selling Race the places were filled by Hnron, The Ghost and Stafford, and an excellent day's sport conclnded with the Coburg Stakes, won by Daystar, who was followed by St. John and Hogmanay, The meeting will be continued to-morrow, when the Melbourne Cup will be the centre of attraction. The arrangements made by the traffic branch of the Victorian Rail wars to conTey pas- sengers to and from the Flemington race- j courso on Saturday wero more complete ' and satisfactory than those ot last year. . They were carried out without the slightest hitch, and gave every satisfaction The plat- j forms at the racecourso were nnderthe direction ' of Mr. Moore, metropolitan district traffic superintendent, assisted by a picked staff of , officers, who performed their work in snch a j manner as to prevent tho slightest confusion , amongst tho large number of passengers who j arrived by each train. As experience is ono of j the most essential elements in carrying ont tho arrangements at the racecourso platform tho I same officers are chosen each year to do tho 1 work. If some of the officers are not available j in cossequenco of having been promoted to country stations, Derby day affords an excel- lent opportunity for tho new officers to acquire experience for Cup day. The increasing popn- larity of the bine riband of tho turf may, to a great extent, bo judged by tho larger number of passengers carried on Saturday as compared with the figures for the correspond ing period of 1835. The total number carried to and from the racecourse platforms on Satnr- day was 21.794, and tho revenue amounted to £3537, whilst the number carried to and from Footscray was 5319, from which a revenue of £54 25. lOd. was derived. No comparative statement of tho latter traffic has bean kept by tbc department, but it is intended to do so in future. In regard to tho traffic to the racecourse platform tho number of passen gers carried on Saturday was 6877 more than for tho corresponding period of last year, whilst tho revenne returns show an increase of £1144 6s. The alterations in the railway time tables for the suburban and provincial trains, which come into force to-day. have necessitated a number of changes in the postal arrangements. In futnro the mails from Foster. Mirboo and Baromi will bo due at the General Post Office, Bourko-street, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, at 11.10 p.m., iD lien of Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays at 1.15 p.m. as here tofore. An additional daily mail for Mirboo North will close at the General Post Office at 3.30 p.m., whilst an additional daily mail from Mirboo North will be due in Melbourne at 11.10 p.m. Arrangements haTo also been made by which an additional mail for Warrack- nabeal will close at the General Post Office at 5.30 a.m., the return mail being duo in Mel bourne at 10.25 a.m. In future the mails for Minyip, Slieephills and Coromby will close in Melbourne at 5.30 a.m., in lieu of 5.30 p m., a; at present. A meeting of the conncil of tho University of Melbourne will be held in the council chamber at the usnal hour this afternoon. Amongst the business on the notice paper is a recommendation of Ibe Professorial Board that matriculation examinations be held in the year 1887 on the 7th of March, the 30th of May ami the 5th of December andamotioubythevico chancellor that a deputation from the council wait open the Minister of Lands and request that two additional acres of the land reserved for educational uses in subordination to the University be granted for the purposes and conveniences of tho Medical School. The vice-chancellor is also to move " That the hon. Treasurer of Victoria bo requested to place on the supplementary estimates the sum of £500 for two additional clinical lecturers. Professor Allen's letter in reference to bis posi tion as Demonstrator of Morbid Anatomy will be further discussed on Dr. Robertson's rnotiou to rescind tho following resolution by tho council passed on tho 27th of September last : — " That as it appears by the records of this council that the duties of Demonstrator of Morbid Anatomy are included in those of Pro fessor of Anatomy and Pathology, and wero so included prior to Professor Allen's appointment and by his knowledge, Professor Allen has already been pnid for tho services for which he now asks payment."' At a meeting of the committee of tho Ben- digo Juvenile and Industrial Exhibition held on Saturday it was decided that no exhibits should be received ufter the 6th inst. The sub committee reported having arranged for railway excursions at fares to include admission ; the crcctiou of a telephone exchango by Mr. Masters, and for a model cable tramway with Mr. Clapp. Mr. Murray, tho telegraphic engineer to the Railway department, has pro mised to introduce an electric railway if his time will permit of it, and arrangements are to be made with Mr. Fletcher to superintend tho hanging ol pictures in the art gallery and to de liver a lecture on Fine Arts. At tho twentieth half-yearly meeting of tho shareholders of tho Land Credit Bunk of Aus tralasia, on Saturday, a report was submitted, showing that the amocnt at the credit of profit and loss account was £2697. Of this sum it was agreed to appropriate £1842 for the pay ment of a dividend at the rate of 8 per cent., to transfer £500 to tho reserve fund, and to carry forward £354 to the credit of next half year. In moving the adoption of the report the chairman (Mr. C. R. Martin) stated that tho bank had made very satisfactory progress during the last half year, consider ing the state of business generally. The deposits were increased some £13,000 during the six months, and there had been a steady improvement in them each half-year which was a very favorable rtem in the balance sheet of the bank. Tho dividend was as usual a very good one, aud he hoped that during the currcut half-year they would be similarly pros perous. Mr. Peck seconded the motiou, which was carried unanimously ; and, the usual votes of thanks having been accorded, the proceed- ings terminated. Tho Mauritius papers by the French mail to the 14th October inform us that the strngglo be tween Sir Joha Pope Hennesseyand Mr. Clifford Lloyd has terminated in the discomfiture of the latter gentleman, who, finding the position too hot for him, did not await his expected ap pointment to the Seychelles, bnt applied for and obtained leave of absence, and has returned to England. The Governor, who is about to pay a visit extending over some weeks to tho Island of Re'union, will bo represented during his absenco by Mr. Beyte, formerly Receiver- General, but appointed Coloninl Secretary sinco the retirement of Mr. Clifford Lloyd. A deputation has been arranged for Wednes day next between the representatives chosen from tho pilot service and the president of the Pilot Board to confer on the recent strict ures preferred by certain members of the Chamber of Commerco as to tho non-efficiency of the present service. Messrs. Straker, Denis, Press and Burton have been chosen to represent the pilots, with their solicitor, Mr. W. H. Croker. The bnst of the Dean of Melbourne, com missioned by a committee appointed to obtain a suitable and lasting memorial of one so identified with the work of tho Anglican church in the colony, is now completed by Mr. Pereival Ball, and may be seen at bis studio, 10 Latrobe-parade. The work, which has already been noticed in The Age, is an excellent likeness of Dr. Macartney. On Wednesday, 3rd November, his Excel- lency Lord Carriugton, Past Grand Senior Warden of England, will bo entertained at luncheon by tho members of the Masonic Glob, in their new premises, Collins-street east, which are just completed. The following selected candidates for com- missions to be lieutenants on probation have been placed on the unattached list of the Vic- torian forces : — Alfred Henry Halford, Arthur John Merrifield James Whitesede M'Oay, John Henderson Young Nish, Charles Trubshaw Rad- cliffe, Gerald Wight. The seniority of these officers will be determined on their passing the examination required after tbo completion of their prqhation. Sir. Samuel Connor, M.D., has been appointed surgeon, with the relative rank of captain Lientenant Edwin James Cordner is appointed adjutant to the 4th Battalion Victorian Rifles, rice Lientenant It. Wallace, transferred to the Victorian Artillery ; and Lieutenant Frederick Russell Leach retires to tho unattached list from the same bat talion. When it was reported some months since that the codtin moth bad been discovered in Mrs. R. G. Thomas's orchard at Uniey, many orchardists who inspected the pest were doubt- fnl as to its being the true codtin moth. Mr. F. S. Crawford, with a view to settlo the matter (states tho South A uslraliau Advertiser) took one of the grabs, placed It in a box and awaited resnits. He has now no donbt as to its being the true codlin moth, as will be seen by the following report forwarded by him to the Commissioner of Crown Lands : "I have the honor to report for the information of the Commissioner of Crown Lands that the caterpillar taken from an apple grown in a garden at Uuley in December, 1885, and placed in a box in my garden in tho ensuing January, has been reared into a moth, which emerged from its pnpa cose about the 23rd instant. After earefnl examination and com parison with both figured and written descrip tions of the European codlin moth, I am certain that this is the true Carpocapsa pomonella. I baveeshown the specimen to Mr. Teppcr, who has compared it with the two specimens of European origin in -the mnsenm, and he is convinced of their identity. The fact is, therefore, now fnlly established, although personally I never had the slightest donbt that the true codlin moth is at present at Unley. Through tho kindness of Miss Olmerod 1 I hsTe .lately received a copy of the 1885 report of tho entomologist to the Depart ment of Agriculture of the Dominion of Canada, ana I find that he recommends as the latest and best remedy against the moth the spraying of the trees as soon as the blossoms have fallen with a solution of Paris green ; strength, one tablcspoonful to a barrel (40 gallons) of water, a little dextrine of floor being added to make the wash adhere better to the foliage. As Paris green — an arsenicate of copper — is a most powerful poison, tho greatest care shonld be taken in using it" The election of a member of the Brighton Borongli Council took place on Saturday, when Mr. David Munro was returned as representa tive of the north ward, defeating his opponent, Mr. T. Wilson, by 90 rotes. The election caused considerable local excitement, and was very hotly contested. The principal point at issno between the two candidates was the ques tion of borrowing money, Mr. Munro express ing himself in favor of necessary works being carried out from funds to be raised by loan, Mr. Wilson being strongly opposed to any such courso. The poll was declared in presence of n very largo crowd, which was briefly addressed' by both candidates. The secretary of tho local board of health of Bcanfort has telegraphed to the Central Board that Dr. Nolan reports diphtheria in four fami lies at Raglan, and recommends tbo closing of the State school, as there haro been three deaths from this disease in Raglan. Tho secretary of the Central Board has wired to say that if" ths health officer, after inquiry and inspection, re commends the closing of the Stato school, tho matter will receive immediato attention. An action for ejectment, arising ont of an alleged breach of contract, was heard in tho second Nisi Prins Court, before the Chief Jus tice and a special jury of six, on Saturday morning. The plaintiff, Patrick O'Brien, uuder an agreement dated the 15th Juue, 1885, leased to the defoudant, Joshua Bonuett, for .a term of three years, a piece of land at Drouin containing 50 acres. The defendant covenanted to erect a four-roomed cottage upon tho land within tho first twelve months, with a brick chimney attached to the two front rooms, and to insure the house for £75. In tho event of the defendant tailing to carry out any portion of the contract the plaintiff was empowered, after giving a month's notice, to enter upon the land and take possession, for feiting ail improvements. The defendant had erected the house, but the chimney was con structed at tho rear of the building, and he had not effected the stipulated insurance. The plaintiff endeavored to exercise his rights under the contract, but without avail, and now sought to compel compliance by a suit at law. The de fence was that the two conditions referred to bad been waived with the plaintiff's own licence and permission. O'Brien had consented, as it was contended, that the chimney might be erected where it now stood, and the house had been insured by arrangement in his own name. The de fendant was quite willing to build on additional chimney, attached to the front rooms, when re- quired, and the company refused to insure the house in the names of two persons. This ac tion, it was submitted, was extremely harsh. It was provided in tho contract that the lessee should have the option of purchase at the ex- piratfon of his tenancy at tho original prico of the land, but as it had increased from £6 10s. to £25 an acre, the plaintiff was endeavoring to eject him before the termination of tho term, ia order that he might reap tho benefit of its enhanced value. '1 he jury answered a number of questions in the defendant's favor, and his Honor reserved some legal points for further consideration. Sentences wero delivered by Mr. Jnstico Kcrfcrd in the Criminal Court, on Saturday morning, as follows : — Christopher Mummery, fraudulent insolvency, three years hard labor ; Michael Purcell, assault and robbery, fonr years hard laoor, with 15 lashes with tho cat o' nine tails during the first six months ; Ernest Wakes, burglary, four prior convictions, three years ; John Williamson, feloniously receiving, two charges, five prior convictions, three years ; Ernest Johnson, attempted crimiaal assault, two years, with the first week of the third, sixth and ninth months in solitary confine ment ; John O'Oounell, indecent assanlt, two years and 15 lashes ; Walter Daniels, burglary, three prior convictions, two years ; Henry Millership, cmbezzlemc it, three prior convic tions, eighteen months ; Henry Thomas, burglary, eighteen months ; Chas. Bishop, re ceiving, eighteen months ; John Nash, larceny, eighteen months ; Wm. Williams, larceny, twelvo months ; John Donegan, receiving, twelve months ; Raclmel Hay, larceny, nine months ; Harriet Scott, bigamy, nine months, Tho second performance of Dvorak's cantata, Tho Spectre's Bride, given by tho Melbourne Licdertafel on Saturday evening, attracted only a moderate attendance notwithstanding tho fa vor with which tho work had been received at the previous concert last Monday and tho unanimous opinion as to its high merit ex pressed by ail who have heard it Tho solo vocalists were, as before, Madamo Boeina, Mr. Robert Kennedy and Mr. Morton, and their singing of the difficult dramatic music left nothing to be desired. Thero was somo im provement in the choral work, more attention being paid to light and shade, but tbo orchestra exhibited all the defects of tho previous ren dering, the second duet for soprano and tonor commencing Fair is the Night being unintel ligible during the first few bars on account of the uncertainty of tho wind instruments. Tho second part of tho concert consisted of miscel- ccilaneous selections, including Nicolai's over ture to Tho Merry Wives of Windsor; a sceua from Verdi's II Trovatore, sung by Madams Bocma ; The Death of Nelson, by Mr. Ken nedy ; and Mr. Siedo's chorus, The Time of Roses. The Southern District Band, in consequence of the had weather which prevailed on the oc casion of the Hospital collections last week, gave two supplementary performances on Saturday and yesterday in the Botanical gardens, under the conductorship of Mr, T. J. Annear, in aid of the charities. On the former day, owing to tho attraction of the Derby and the prevalence of dost, there was not a very great attendance, but yesterday, being beautiful weather, large crowds of per sons thronged the gardens. The music of tha band was much appreciated and very satisfac tory collections were made. There was a largo attendance at the Nugget Theatre on Saturday evening when Oscar Smith's Indian Tonrist Party repeated their miscellaneous performance. The Exhibition-building was crowded on Saturday evening when about 7000 persons attended the Spanish and Columbian Festival. Tho whole of tho performances now run very smoothly. Mr. L. C. Wilkinson holds a sale by auction of houses and land at Windsor to-day. The a. Hohcnstaufuu will leave for Sydney from Port Melbourne railway pier at noon to-day. We hate received from Mesars. n. IL Pore and Co. and their employis XI 10. for tho Hospital Saturday fund. Mr. J. Bcllln wlU offer market garden at Souti and East Brighton, also 10 acrvs at apjlng Yale for sale at the rooms, 7 Collins-street west, at noon to-dav The hon. secretary cf the Metropolitan Lledertafel deirrs to call the attention of subscribers and visitors to the adv. rtisement notifying the arrangements for to- n'cht'a concert. The steamship Kdlnn will make an excursion trJp to Geelong and Portarllngton to- morrow, leaving tho Queen's wharf at half-past 9 a.m. A hand will accom pany the excursloit.sts. on Fiiday afternoon, tho 5th las., a special open-air concert win be held in the Zoological Gardens. Tho band will consist of 25 performers, under Mr. Julius Sledc's leadership. Tua concert wll commence at 3 o'clock. The People's Concert In tho Temperance Hall. scll-street, was again successful in attracting a large at tendance on Saturday evening. The chair was occu pied by Mr. Hy. Crlspeu, and the accompaniments irer furnlshod by Mbs Dwlght and Mr. J. Wheeler. A concert la aid of the funds of the Victorian Tonla SoWa Asssociatlon will be given In the BroteaUnt IJalL Eshlaliion- atreet, on Wednesday evening, A varied5 programme. In which the nftMuted choir will perform some excellent selections, has been provided. A public temperance meeting to inaugurate the Templars' Improvement So iety will be held this even ing. in the independent schoolroom, liatlidowne-street Carlton. Addresses aru to be delivered by Dr. J. F. Joyce and others, and songs and recitations wilt ba rendered during the lr.t:rvals, A public temperance meeting for women only will bo held this evening, In the Temperance Hall, Russell- street, under the ansplcvs of the Melbourne Women's 'iempvrance Union, when addresses will bo ellTeredbr Mesdames Varcov, Richardson and others. Several lady amoicnr wilt contribute a prtgramme of songs and re citations ctnrlagthe evening. ihe city of Fltzroy brass band performed selections cf mnsJc In the Exhibition Garden yesterday, when collections were taken up by the fr Uxroy Volunteer Fire Brigade and delegates from the following New South Wales brigades:— The Sydney No. 1, Sydney No. 4. i ranTlile, Aloxandro, llanly Beach. Parramatta, Mi! Lachhin. and they collected the sum of £16 Is. 6d. The general monthly meeting cf the Shelley Society wlU be held this evjolng a: 8 o'clock, at tho rear or tha Assembly Hall, Collins-street east, when the following papers will be sabmltted The Uymn to Intellectual Beauty, Mr. David Blair; Shelley's Letter from Italy. Mr, C. H. Round ; Alaator, Mr. Frank bcrivenor, Tho public are cordially Invited. The number of esses relieved weekly by tha com mittee of the Ladles' Benevolent Society for the fortnight ended 26th October was Families, 529 (numbering 1333 Individuals), comprising— widows, 312 ; sick and laflrm. 115; deserted wives, 30 ; wive whoso husbands ore In prison, 7; wives whose husbands are absent, 7; wive whose husbands are partially employed, 13; da, an- unempioyed. 20: aged couples, 25. Outlay during the fornlgot In relief of cases, X156 3l Contribution thankfully received and information given by the hon. treasurer, Mrs. Dunn. 17 The Avenue. Windsor ; by tho secretary. 4 Jackson-street, M. Hilda; or hy the col lector, Mr. M. Wright, Cotham-road, Kew. Messrs. Beauciiamp kindly receive parcels of c oihlng, Ac., at their office, I4 Collin tree; west, for the society. 