traveller. In Its Hnins. \- Amost six hundred years before that Birth at Qethlehem whioh (rives modern time its index— namely, in SS2 EC, the year when the Isthmian games were restored — a cast of colonists, swarming out of Gels, not very tar oSJouudei Acrsgas, which sfterwardsiecarae, bs Pindar wrote, ? the most beautiful city ol mortals.' They oonld not have chosen a fairer spot on sll the coast of this lair island of Sicily, rich as it everywhere is in loveliness ana aa&rra.; jjroiten ana acceniuaiaa gcouau gave natural ramparts to the city and the ma jesty of domination to the temples; while the wide stretch of blue Eca in front brought the beauty and burden of ships to the port, which opened its gates to its friends and chut them like a trap against its fees. Jnpitnr and Minerva — or, more corrcc'.lv, Z*aa and Athene— were the tutelary deities c[ the city. The one was Zeus Atabyrius, an owlal form of Mulooh ; the other was the wise grave god dees worshipped by the Bhodians at Lindus — from whioh city came the original colonists of Gels, Bringing their familiar deity with them. We have all heard of Piialaris the tyrant of Acrsgas, with his red-hot brazen bulls, in which he roasted men alive. But we do not nil know that this was not only from wanton cruelty ; though, as with the Inquisition of later times, much personal hatred and malice might have bees more mixed np with it ; but that it was also one form of religious Euperstition of the Mod only too common in all faiths. Greek feel ing, however, did net tolerate human Baeri- . ikes. Milk and honey, fruit and flowers, and poor innocent beasts, whioh at the worst served aftewsrds for toad, were offered to the Rods, to gain favour or ward off punishment. But save in very rare and exceptional in stances, of which Iphigenia asd her rabsa queue colt are the most notable, tbe deities of Hellas were not propitiated by the blood and tears of man. The men of Acragas there fore, soon roEO op in horror and indignation against Phalaris and banished him for his blood-guiltiness ; for all that he had gieatly embellished the city— always a claim on the gratitude of citizens. Among other things, he built a temple to Jupiter Poleius, the ' founder of cities,' on the eight of which, and in a manner incorporated with while over* powering the older fane, in the Christian church of Bta Maria dei Groci. Thereon, that wiso and benevolent despot, whoso tomb is still to be seen, was the real star of Acragas. He made that Greek luxury, a spacious fish-pond ; he built the best of the temples, of which the ruins etill remain to attract travellers from conntries then un known, but now dominant, while all this ma jestic past is but a memory and a name ', and Pindar celebrated asd extolled him, whioh perhaps is tbe firmest holding on immorality that he poap.eeees. Among others, he built the temple now called Juno Llcinia ; that is, the same Juno as w&e; worshipped at Ijiei uum ; as a modern Catholic might dedicate nchureb to Sta Maria delta Catena, or di Gcfu, or della Pirfi'i, &?:., always the same coddeas. but with snecialined attributes. It was for this temple that Zeuxis painted his famous picture of Juno, taking for hi; models tbe five most beautiful virgins of Acragss, and producing a ra-.atrrpiece each as the world had never eeen before. But the forces of notnrc, like tbe passions of rsen, have no respect for works of art, whether in paint or in stone. Earthquakes and storm?, winds, frost, and fire did their work o! destruction on fill these splondid conceptions and perfect Achievements of genius ; and Saracen and Norman completed the ruin which Cartha ginian and Xi^mnn had begun. And now we ha7e of Acragae, ' the most beautiful city of mortals,' only the unintersBting little town of Girgenti; and the ruins of the ancient temple?. But what reins I Out on the edge of the rock stands the beautiful and Etill perfect skeleton of the Temple of Concord. It needs no great sketch of fancy to reconstruct the past, to repeople tbe void, to call back from that dim and misty Hades where the pale ghosts wander mournfully, the forms of those who once filled the temple with love, nnd light, and youth and beiuty, with music and sours and the fervent prayers of pious souls, asking the benign Goddess of Peace to ehed her influence over men, and stay both war and el&ugbter.; The beautiful Sicilian girls who were the realisations of the nymphs und vnnnsfr nofdpeppB. finmp c!mr. iag, eome playing, others bearing basket; fall of fruits and flowers— their foff feet falling in measured tread anS tbe rhyth mic swaying of their bodies making visable mu'io to the eye ; the stately mf.trons, grander Bail graver, the Junos, the Demcters com pleted, to whom life bad brought its cares as well its fulfilled jpye, its imperative duties as veil as its pleading loves ; the young men Scanning the maidens and falling in love at a glance, as love is kindled into flame by a spark; the husbands and the elder fathers, occupied with things and indifferent to beauty; tbe poor dumb beasts, garlanded with flowers, and led to the slaughter as offerings to gods Blow to cove and quick to punish, as even the gentle gods of Greece themselves were : — all file along the paved road and up the marble steps, and range *hnni*l«-n wi'hin *he colnmned hall, which then had no Christian arches to block up the space. The cymbals clash and dang: the Bhrill note of the double pipe eounds fait and clear; and tbe echoes of the sacred songs some back from shaft to wall in a fall diapa son of joyous melody. Who cannot bring baek that scene, as be stands among the asphodels and violets, and forgets time and space in memory ? Father away is that Temple of Juno Laciois, already spoken of, where the skeleton is by no mease so perfect as this, ssd where the red hand of fin has left its crimson tonoh on tbe old gray stones. Farther still are the ruins of the.Temple of Heronles, from which the infamous governor verres, he who was denounced by Cicero in one of his most eloquent orations, attempted to eteal tbe magnificent bronze statue of the god ; send ing his slaves at night to prise down the sacred icon; but failing— as the pious of the time said, by the miraculous energy of Hercules himself workeing through his effigy —onto the horrified men ol what was then Agrigsntum, no longer Acragas, and not yet Girgenti, rushed to the rescue and delivered their deity from harm. And there is etJU more nndistingnishable chaos of the Temple of Jupiter— ruined before finished — where the great caryatid lies prone on tbe greensward, use one 01 we on gods despoiled ol hie glory disjointed, broken, destroyed, preserving only the dim and roughened outlines, but wanting aU that made the life ana beauty of die faith. Near to these confused rains is the beautiful little upright fragment of the Temple of Castorand Pollnx, those twin'sons of Lois who stand as the emblems of fraternal fidelity. The air is tall of old- world memories, and involuntarily that noble hymn by Theocritus to the Diosonri comes to ui like a living sonnd wafted by strange singers across the scented bean-fields—' dear work-steads of the hairy bees'— and Shaken like perfume bom the flushed banehea of flowering fruit-trees, and tbe sweet pale loveliness of almond blossoms . Bat their day i« done. Their Temple is but a hint, precions for architectural grass, and . beaotifnlinepiteofitsdeo»y;andtheythem ?elves, this heroic pair, are* as dead as the tbe stone effigy lying prostrate on the grass. 'Farewell, yea tons of Irtda'— 'Castor of the swift steeds and swart Polydeuees,' 'to «iom*H minstrels were dear,' 'the twsin that aid all mortals,' 'tbe beloved pair,' 'racconrers of man in the very thrill ol peril, and of hone* maaaejied in the bloody press oltaWa, ana olshrpiiUitt.aefying the ?tothat sal and rise in ieaven, have en OOOmtBMl wB fMkUOlU vTHkI Ol tyLOIIQB ?'? tewralU The present ttiflailiojoa the past ?Hi Judas has Conquered -heeee ; but what tb* worM hMlott inntetMwe tt«UHntainf ; in spirit, and gratitude for beauty may out lite belief in its divinity. If Theocritus pervades all Sioily, Girgenti is possessed by Empedoclop. Clad in bis purple robe, crowned with laurel, shod with, golden eandals — what was this man ? Was he the wise measurer of mortal force, the diligent observer and partial oonquerer ol nature, come affirm him to have been f Was he the iself- oonsecrated seer and mystic, sincere if also self deceived, -who imagined more than he knew, and who obscured his clearer thoughts by phantasies and his per ceptions by illusions? Or was he the con eoious charlatan who traded on men's credu lity and discounted their ignorance 7 Who can say ? He, too, is one of those faces in the clouds for which each observer has a different form. But whatever he wan, be was born end bred at Acragas, the beautiful city where tbe gods were housed in glory and worshipped with fervour; and it was from there that he set out to seek for immortality in tbe eternal fires of Etna. And now, what do we find at the modern town and station of Girgenti? A oountry barren of trees bat fruitful in grain ; uplands as Rteen with epronting *orn as English fields scenting tbe air with perfume almost as rion BB that whioh steals from the jessamine and orange blossoms of tbe high-walled gardens ; uncultivated tracts full of asphodels and violetf, of borage and- the garden discs yellow cbrvsanthemum, of fragrant herbs, and the rarer sorts of oar wiM- flowere at home— tractB where a botanist may spend his hours in rejoicing. Leaving tbe country and going into the town, which is set opon the high rock dominating the plain, we find but little beauty. The women no longer ' card the soft wool about their knees,' as in tbe days of tbe proud Erjnioe, who refused to love at all that desperate Simtotha who loved too muoh ; but they are said to be- the most prolific of all Sicilian women, and fcr a man to marry a Girgentese is to be sure of heirs and the tradi tional quiver-full. The chief object of interest in tbe town is of course the Duomo or cathred ral, where they show you superb vestments wrought in gold end silver, with garnets and turquoises mixed in with the embroidery ; an engraved ivory staff, And two splendid monstrances — the one of gold and Jewells in the form of a sun rayed and banded ; the other, of silver flowersTwith the Madonna's hair in the oentre. The plain white-washed columns dividing nave (ram aide agree but ill with the florid ornamentation of the high altar or the bold carving of tbe roof; and the echo which seems to ran round the wall like an invisible flame was once the cause of more heart-burnings than tbe architeot knew when he struck by ohanoe on that fatal angle of incidence. II you are at Girgenti at Carnival time and go to a vtgUnoi or masked ball in the theatre you will see a little of Sicilian manners and something of Sicilian feeling. Among the Savages and the swallows, the gold-homed, red-bodied Fiends, the Sailors anil the nonde scripts who daneo together with more vigour than graca in the platen, you will not see one woman. The Sioilian blood is too hot and Sicilian jealousy too rampant to permit the pnblio and indis criminate mingling of men and women ; and there siili exist in these lees visited and less continentalised places, strong traces of the Saraoenici eeclusion of women. In the boxes, two female masks — the only female masks in the theatre — come down ever and anon, attended by their male companion, to ctobs the platea for such refreshments as are to be . found at tbe back of the stage. No one speaks to them, and they speak to no one. Even that group of Zulus who respect no man, make way for them : as do those half dozen Swallows who run in and out with short steps and shrill cries, letting fly live birds as a diversion the more. These two bands are evidently well known in the place. They go in and out of certain boxes offering bonbons, which are laughingly aocepted, and thevdanea with less clumsiness and more grace than the rest. Among the spectators in the boxes are two or three exquisite little madia of children. One curly-pated Lonis XIV., of perhaps the ripe age of three, after making frantio efforts to kiss papa with the intervening mask to prevent contact, is handed about from box to box like a big doll. In one it is the centre of attraction and wor ship to five stalwart men ; for Italian men are like women in their love of childron, and yon will constantly see the father performing vrhai we consider to be essentially womanly offices for a little child, while the mother stands by looking on complacently. There ifr a tiny, gold-horned, red-bodied imp, whose delight in his horns is snch as one might have expected from a yonng fawn when be first learned that he conld butt that bold kid with his own weapon. For a last word : Girgenti is now abso lutely sate. A lew years ago, brigands might hare been found lurking behind tbe fallen columns with tbe enakes and the lizards, and the long pan handy. Now you haveonly the lizards. The enakes have been frightened away by tbe throe g of visitors; oarabinieri keep evil disposed men in check ; and bri gandage, like the old cnlt, has vanished into the dost and vapour of things past asd dead. The editor feels lone and miserable When he con find no joke that's ecis«oreb!e Piuk. 