famous hamlets: gUJ, :,,(wd, every amateur, is Every actor',an7lamlet. Not only so, but ,ll bitious to plW IL, „ believe they are ipi«,t,ie mos difficult, the '"ostnSi of ml the characters Siu»^' ^;;Cdrama. More o.ten f the feba-Pig 8011,ething «Inch tban 0l'icr^ 15 .. raiit and respcctabdiiy. ranges ,etn riuicntalist happens to he the Where the ^|lorcm3 voice, strong lungs, possessor of probability is that be and sturdy b" ■ (jd " struts and bellows mouths the p* • • | j J, sccures for him the ^ y»n« geutkmr praise aii'1 P' eXpect a tragedy to be in tbe 83Shem hot and strong. Actors served up.' 8 » robustious " i« "ame, and ffh0 are le*. h leg9 reSonant bnve been eiido^d^ by pre vocal orgai ' . 0j Denmark painted in jenting the ' ^portion as tbey are neatwltl1; ommonplace, weak-minded feeble ond , their interpretation of the persons app Btriking innovation in character a3 It is 80 tinlike any histrionic ®ra ,fore it)» tbey exclaim, tbinf!f , Io unconventional, so like the "8° : men you meet at lawn-tennis 0iC!- 5°" but eccentricity is not originality ; par H, the hundreds of Hamlets who and, amoiu the Eut5iiah and haVettt'fboard8tow few have penetrated f""She surface of the character, or have hind them a solid and enduring re iSon b, connection with it! Mr. Breve £ in hi enumeration of them, commences t0 ;' i»c and Betterton. The former re rfbed his Instructions direct from Shake Id if some contemporary playgoer Tad only le" us * detai,ed descriptdon °*hlS nerformance of the part, it would have been Suable; because it would have revealed to us the real meaning of its creator. But un fortunately no such an account has been pre BSed. Addison and Colley Cibber have both recorded their admiration of Betterton s Hamlet; but the peculiarities they have given us concerning it are as insufficient and unsatisfying as they are ^tn.raWe. Cib berconfined his criticism to Hamlets action and delivery in the scene with hiB father s spirit; a scene which " he opened with a pause of mute amazement, then, rising slowly to a solemn, trembling voice, he made the ghost equally terrible to the spectator as to himselt; and in the descriptive part of the natural emotions which the ghastly vision gave him, the boldness of his expostulation was Btill governed by decency, and manly, but not braving, his voice never rising into that seeming outrage or wild defiance of what he naturally revered." This is so good that one wishes Cibber had left a complete analysis of Iicttcrton's Hamlet, written with the same judgment and discrimination. The next remarkable delineation of the character was Garriek's. Of this two graphic descriptions have come down to us, the one written by Fielding the novelist, and the other by Lichtenberg, a German critic, who : visited England in 1775, and related his im i pressions of what he saw in London | in a series ot letters addressed to some ' friends at home. We have also Tom iDaviess account of the performance, and : -'lusions to it by many contemporary writers, l Tom Jones Fielding conducts Partridge id the hero of his story to the playhouse, id describes the impression which was pro uced upon the former by Garriek's Hamlet. I'hcn the Ghost appeared, the novelist tells b that " Partridge fell into such a violent t ot trembling that his knees knocked gainst each other. Jones asked him what %s the matter, and whether he was afraid f the warrior upon the etage ?' ' 0, la, sir,' aid he,' I perceive now it is what you told at. 1 am not afraid of anything; for I mow it is but a play. And if it really was a [host, it could do one no harm at such a listance, and in such company ; and yet if iwas frightened 1 am not the only person.' bho, who,' cries Jones, 'dost thou take o be such a coward here besides thyself ? Fay, you may call me a coward if you will; but if that little man there upon the stage is not frightened, I never saw my man frightened in my life.'" The little man," of course, was Garrick, and Partridge's words forcibly describe the reve rential awe which another ^contemporary eriHc speaks ot as having been conveyed be actor's eyes, features, and voice, Part* ;e was so absorbed in the business of the ie, that when Jones spoke to him, he spered,^" Hush, hush! dear sir, don't you r him?' And then the novelist goes on nry that" during the whole speech of the fit. Partridge sat with his eyes fixed partly the ghost, and partly on Hamlet, and with mouth open; the same passions which cecdcd in Hamlet, succeeding likewise in i ■ tbe end o£ scene, Jones ban eu ins companion upon the effect it had f at!d 1>attridEe. excusing him mt" i i? j ktiew i4 was no fifcost, iriehtl a i " " whett 18aw the liule man i5» '.TlV1 was that which irtridee" ■ , dost thou imagine, then, 8btened?"Cne« v0ne8' "tliat he was reaIiy lid not va ' 8lr'" Partridge, iSiS?UI,eML.<,taerw afterwards, 14 how he'nrns waa,hl8t,*n father's spirit, 8 feat forsAAtr ^urdere^ fa the garden, that ive been b^ n I0W' ^ aa I shonld st words' attest tbA a ^ case*" These %, and tntalncsa o£ Garriek's produced f„ ,e pro£oa&d; impression hiie th?y£vS c,af68 ofthespectators, *' Dencetothv^f t ^ °f Ch^hiU~ I agree, ^ thee,® Nftture. murtbepleasedwith ^^ 'awfTL8^6 PaftridRS is again ^ehim,.an/ ,WaIlty nl yhht 1s Tfaete.theKU. ay, no wonder you are in such a passion ; shake the vile, wicked wretch to pieces. If she was my own mother I should serve her so. To be sure, all duty to a mother is for feited by Buch wicked doings. Ay, go about your business ; I hate the sight of you." At the end of the play Partridge was asked which of the actors he preferred, and replied the one who played the King, because lie spoke half as loud again as Hamlet. There upon Jones informed him that the player who enacted the Prince was universally reputed to be the best actor that ever trod the boards. "He !'* rejoined Partridge, with a contemptuous sneer, "why I could act as well as he pavsclf. I am sure if I had seen a gho3t I should have looked in the very same manner, and done just as he did. And then, to be sure, in that, scene, as you called it, between him and iris mother, where you told nte he acted so line, why, Lord help me, any man, that is, any good man, thut had had such n mother would have done exactly the same." This is pro bably one of the linest tributes ever paid to Garrick's acting, and proves how thoroughly the Rosciusof the English stagecomprehended and exemplified the declaration of Polixenes, that— ' Nature is made better by no mean, But nature makes that mean ; so, over that art Which, you say, adds to nature, is an art That nature makes." Lichtenberg'a description of Garrick's Hamlet is remarkably minute and graphic. At the entrance of the Ghost he says—" Gar rick turns suddenly about, at the same in stant starting with trembling knees two or three steps backward ; his hat falls off; his arms, especially the left, are extended straight out, the left hand as high as his bead, the right arm is more bent, and the hand lower, the fingers are spread tar apart, and the mouth open, and thus be stands, one foot far | advanced before tiie other, in a graceful atti tude as if petrified, supported by bis friends, who, from having seen the apparition before, are less unprepared for it, and who fear that he will fall to the ground; so expressive of horror is his mien that a shudder seized me again and again before he began to Bpeak ; the almost fearful stillness of the audience which preceded this scene, and made one ieel that he was hardly sure of himself, contributed, I suppose, not a little to the effect. At last Hamlet exclaims, not at the beginning, but at the end of an expiration, and with an agitated voice, " Angels and! ministers of grace defend us !"—words which complete all that this scene could want to render it one of the greatest and most terrible. Ordinarily, in this scene, the im personator of Hamlet lays himself open to the reproach of the satirist " Borne dozen lines before the Kb oat is there Behold him for the solemn scone prepare; Bee how lie frames bis eyes, poises each limb, Puts the whole body into proper trim; From whence we learu, with no great 6tretch of art, Five lines hence comes a ghost, and, ha! a start, Garrick, like one moving in a dream, fol lowed the Ghost in breathless silence to a | " more removed groundand in the so liloquy, "0,thatthistoo,tooeolidfle8h,"hewa8' completely overpowered by tears ; the words " so excellent a king " being uttered inaudibly, and "caught only from the movement of the lips, which* closed upon the word firmly and with a quiver in order to suppress an expres sion of grief which might seem unmanly." The celebrated soliloquy, "To be, or not to be," Garrick commenced in a whisper, de livering it as if wrapt in thought, or, rather, as if thinking aloud, and looking somewhat obliquely on the ground; while here, and, in deed, throughout the play, the actor " took care that every thought and wordBhouId tell, even to a deaf spectator, of the earnestness and weight of the accompanying words." One of Betterton's contemporaries states that, in the third act of " Hamlet," when the Ghost appears, that actor's complexion, though naturally ruddy and sanguine, used to turn "as pale as his neckcloth " by reason of his Budden and violent amazement; and Garrick's power of entering into the sensa tions of ithe character he impersonated seems to have been no less remarkable; for Lichtenberg tells ns that during one oi the soliloquies indulged in by the Prince of Denmark, where filial piety assumes its most pathetic expression, the actor's tears "fell without cessation. At the close," his Ger man critic goes on to say, "righteous indig nation j mingled with sorrow, and once as his 1 arm fell forcibly, as if giving a blow, in" order to emphasise a word expressive of his indignation, this word, unexpectedly to the hearers, is choked by tears, and is uttered only after some moments, with the tears at the same time flowing." Hannah Hore'a de scription of Garrick's Hamlet was more general than particular. In her opinion he fulfilled every requisite of the character, and her estimate of his acting must not be omitted:—"Whether in the simulation of madness, In the sinkings of despair, in the familiarity of .friendship, in the whirlwind of passion, or the meltings of tenderness, he never once forgot he was a prince, and in every variety of situation and transition of feelingB you discover the highest polish of good breeding and courtly manners, To^the most eloquent expression of the eye, to the handwriting of his passions on his features, to a sensibility which tears to pieces the hearts of his auditors, to powers so unparalleled, he adds a judgment of the most exquisite accuracy, the fruit of long experience and close observation, by whicb he preserves J every transition and gradation oi tbe passions, keeping allunder the control of a justdepend ence and natural consistency. So naturally, indeed, do the ideas of the poet seem to mix with hia own, that he seemed to be engaged in a succession of affecting situations; not giving utterance to a speech, bnt to the in stantaneous exbression of -his feelings, deli* vered in the most affecting tones of voice, end with getfturea tbat belong only to nature, piCQD of criticism, while it serves to explain the secret of the SBfU whiohG wrick leid OB all who Baw ami heard him in the character 1 of Ilamlet Probably no actor ever looked the part! better than John Philip Kernbic; and llazlitt, I who has had no superiors and not many j equals as a theairical critic, characterises his portrait of the Prince as "sweet, graceful, and gentlemanly," and sums up the re presentation thus:—"The scholar's eye shone in him with learned beauty; the soldier's spirit decorated his person ; the charm of his performance was its retrospective air, its intensity and abstrac tion ; his youth seemed delivered over to sorrow. Later actors have played the part with more energy, walked more in the sun, dashed more at effect— pique themselves more on the girth of a foil; but Kemble's sensible, lonely Hamlet has not been sur passed." Charles Kemble's Ilamlet was con sidered by Mrs. Siddons to have been line in conception, but inferior in execution to his brother's. According to his daughter, who is still living, and who used to play Ophelia to him, her father was most effective in his great scene with her. At such times, she writes—" 1 have experienced such deep emo tion as hardly to be able to speak. The ex quisite tenderness of his voice, the wild com passion and forlorn pity of his looks, bestow ing that on others which, of all others, he most needed; the melancholy restlessness, the bitter self-scorning; every shadow of ex pression and intonation was so full of the mingled anguish that the human heart is capable oi enduring, that my eyes scarce fixed on his ere they were filled with tears ; and long before the scene was over the letters and jewel cases I was tendering to him were wet with tears." Edmund Kean looked upon his own Ilamlet as his best performance; but this was not the opinion of Ilazlitt, who speaks of it as " too strong and pointed not sufficiently pensive and meditative ; erring at times on the side of excessive energy, hut, in places, unsurpassable; while the " business " he introduced seemed to be the inspiration of genius. Thus the critic speaks of his manner of kisBing Ophelia's hand as " the finest commentary that was ever made on Shakspeare. It explained the character at once (as he meant it) as one of disappointed hope, of bitter regret, of affection suspended, and not obliterated, by the distractions of the scene around him." Macready, who played the part for the first time in 1821, and for the last time in ISol, when he was nearly GO years of age, gave a scholarly and impressive rendering of the character, but was at the same time too measured and monotonous. He was study ing it, however, to the close of his life, and finding in it continually new depths of meauing, and fresh beauties unpcrceived before. " Ah!" he remarked after his retirement from the stage, to the present writer, " it is only when we are too old to enact the characters of our sublime dramatist that we begin to have some glimmerings of what they really mean." And this is especially true of Hamlet But now and then an actor of consummate genius arises, like Garrick, who seems to penetrate the charac ter by intuition, to take possession of it, just as evil spirits were formerly supposed to enter into human beings. Such a one merges his own individuality, for the time, at least, in that of the poetical creation he embodies and presents,and the result is such a performance as that which amazed and fascinated the Foxes, the Johnsons, the Goldsmiths, the Beauclercs, the Reynoldses, and all the wits, beauties, statesmen, and social illustrations of the period at which Edmund Burke, seeing the matchless actor in the gallery of the House of Commons, referred to him, amidst the applause of the assembly, as " the great master of eloquence, in whose school they had all imbibed the art of speaking, and been taught the elements of rhetoric." 