L O C A L A M I G E N E H A L . Lawyers, Managing C lbbks, and Cur.KTR.—It was cur intention to have commenled upon the scathing remarks of Sir Henry Wrnistordlcy in the Supreme Court ou Tuesday as to the duty of lolicitors to their clients; but we are informed that more is to Ke beard of the matter, and that the circumstances that have been di*elo*ed are to be brought before Sir William Dobson and His Honor W . B. Giblin, on Tuesday next, being the first day of term. W e ran only say that the trenchant remarks of the Acting-Puisne Judge have created a profound sensation in town, and that in all business circlts they have been the absorbing topicof conversation. As tbe matter is sub judirc we will for the present withhold our comments on the expose. P aklumentabv. — The Legislative Council was engaged yesterday until hrif*past 11 o’clock with a variety of subjects which did not altogether suit their opinions, and lo-niqht they will proceed to discuss ' he action of the Agent General and the Government in regard to the Main Line Railway Company. In the Assembly a loDg discussion tw k place over the defence estimates, and M r Burgess intimated that a Royal Commission wjuld be appointed during the recess to enquire into the etatc of the defences and so on. The remainder of the Estimates were finally parsed, and the Appropriation Bill was introduced and rend a first time. The second reading has been fixed for tomorrow. Tbc House will not meet until half-past 7 this evening. The Main Line Haji.wat and the Agent-Gekkbal. — M r Braddon lies given notice of tbe following motions for to-day: — That this House disapproves of any further negotiations being entered upon by the Government forthe purchase of the Mam Line o( Railway, and will not sanction any departure from tbe terms and conditions of the original contract, without tbe approval of Parliament fivgt obtained." “ That all differdi6pute between the Main Line Railway Co. and tbe Government be ttlcd by leg') process, and that tbc -overnment shall not sanction any matters as aforesaid being arbitrated upon ” “ That in the opinion of this House the Act whereby the office of Agent-General for Tasmania was created should be repealed from the 1st JaDua-y next.” Council of E ducation—A meeting of tbe Council was held yes’erday, at which tbe members present were Canon Archer (in the chair), the Rev. G. Clark, and Messrs j . Grant, G W . Waterhouse. As they were not sufficient to constitute a quoram, the meeting fell tnrough. inroueu. There m are five nve candidates canaiuaies from lioV|, rt for tin local examinalioo for tbe Melbourne matriculation, to be he'd in Hobart on December 0, under the supervision of the Council. There will probably be also three candidates from Lauuceston. Hal Masque.—f'n hallo in masehcra to)k place in the Town H all lest evening. There were GO or 70 couples present, who were attired in all sorts of fancy and grotesque costumes, lh e music, was supplied by Messrs Walton, Crooks, and Sharp, and the refreshments by Mr J . Turner, of Liverpool street. Dancing was kept up until 3 30 this morning, when the masqueraders left for their homes well pleased with their night's entertainment. P bdestuianism — Some evil- disposcd person or per.-ons having covered over the bills polled on the “ Tasmanian News” hoardings announcing the match hetneen Seott and Harrimat), we beg leave to announce that the contest wilL come off as arranged. Cauinet- making.—There is on view at W. J . Lloyd's sUam cabinet works, Elizabeth street, a magnificent wing wardrobe, which has been made on the pTemUes. to the order of a gentleman resident on Battery Poiot The length is 7ft Bin, external break front, made all of colonial woods. The des'gn is taken from Messrs Snell and ^ n s ’ book, of London, and is both elegant and useful. The centre carcase is fitted with two short glass doors, elaborately fitted with drawers i.ndcrneath, whilst the end wings, which arc also of plate-glass, form compartments for hanging. The carvings and woikmanship are of the highest order, and tbr job reflects tbe greatest credit on Mr Lloyd, and illustrates the high perfection the cabinet industry is brought to in this city by this enterprising citizen. Tjikatee R oyal.—“ Falka” was placed on the boards of the Royal for the third lime yesterday evening to a good attendance, and the success in d enthusiasm w itb which it was received was not the less pronounced than on former occasions To night *’ Falka" will be withdrawn to make way for "The Bohemian Girl.” which will be produced for tbe benefit monl. The performance will be under & distinguished military patronage, and it is anticipated that a crowded bouse will be the result. The cest will comprise Miss Baber as Arlioc, Miss Liddiard a Queen of the Gipsies, and Miss Ethel Harcourt as Buda. Municipal Election.—Mr T. D»l!< announces that he is a candidate for alderman at tbe ensuing election. P. and O, Co.—T his company having re-modelled their ee?ond- class accommodation in several of their steamers, offer unexceptional inducements to persons desirous of visiting tbc Old Country. Dbbwent Sailjno Club.—T his club will open tbc season with the customary mnnrrovrcB on Balurday afternoon. The proceedings will be dirre'ed by the vice-commodore (in tbc absence of the commodore) from tbe Ella flagship The fleet will moor off the Esplanade at 2 15 with head sa Is lowered until the rignal to get uvder weigh is given. Full printed directions may bo obtained from tho secretary. A sperial invitation is extended to all boatowners not momberi of tbe club to join. / N ew Town Rkoatta.—A change lias been made in the programme of/th is regatta, tbe Alexandra having,'been altered to a Handicap Skiff for boats of any length, open to qh Luna fide amateurs. ^ Dkapeby. • Wilkinson, the Manhester man, announces that he is holdng a cheap sale this week in Liverpool trcet, and for a short time atso at ranklin, Reserve F obce —A meeting of nonommissioned officers of tbe Reserve orce will be held in the Military Barack this evening after pirede. Skating R in k.—T his popular place .. again open. Entries for skating^ contest close a t 10 o'clock to-morrow night. ftr. J ohn’s F riendly Society.— Tenders will be received un ti’l December 4 by the secretary of this socioty for medical attendance to its members. Elwick R aqks —The booths in connection with the above, which takes place next week, will be sold h r public auction to-morrow by Metsr? Flexmore and Lord a t 11 a ro. Meebib R ohelts and Oo.—Thi auclioneeriog|Grm will hold to-morrow, at Siriog Bay, an important sale of live stock on account cf M r W- Haytou Purchasers of cattle so desiring will have them delivered at O&tlands;, Swansea, or Sorcll. The lime is 12 noon. Mecsro Roberts and Go. also notify that their establishment in future wi 1 bs ch sed on Wednesdays, at I o'clock. L eugious Mania.—Religious mania moft fnquently displays ilself in tbc minds of persons whose intelligence and education are below the average ; but an exception to wbat may be taken as & general rule is just now to be met with at Cincinnati, in America. In that town matter of forty inhabitants, described i “ prominent and above the average intelligence,” arc afflicted with a strange form of religious madncsB They believe that two ladies, both married, an i sisters, arc respectively Christ and tbc Holy Ghost manifest in tbc flesh ; and so great is the influence exercised hy these two women that thsir followers, in order to worship them, lm c , in many instances, given up lucrative positions nnd abandoned their calling and homes to live near them. The fanatics forming the new sect—which is the talk of the day at Cincinnati—account for the fact that Christ should manifest Himself in % female, by the theory that in Heaven there are no sexes. Many of tbe foolish people who have given u p their positions arc already in sore straits how to live but they decline to work, saying they have no need of moDcy, the Millennium being at h a n d ; all they require i« spiritual food, which will be permitted them hy Divine agency. Religious mania is admitted to beone of tbemostdifficolt forms of brain disease to cure. Never theless, we think the relatives or fricuds of the forty prominent citizens of Cincinnati" would do well to place them ir the hands of some experienced medical man for a time, aud sec wbat effect might be produced by followinga suitable relate.— Evening A N e w M obtah and S h e l l —Tbe Paris correspondent of tbe Standard Tuesday gives the following account of experiments made with a new and apparently most formidable projectile. "Geo erel Boulanger, being anxious to induce tbc Chambers to vote a large sum for the adostioD of an entirely new engine of war, invited the Budget Committee to accompany him yesterday to Malmaison to wttness experiments with a monster mortar destined for the destruction of fortifications. The mortar is said to be a most formidable weapon. Tbc shell it tUrowasis uo less than one metre long. Its diameter is 22 centimetres, and its weight 110 kilogrammes. Thi* projectile bursts hy the action of a rccenily discovered chemical composition which is kept &secret; All that is known about it is that it produces all the effects of gun cotton without having its inconveniences, for it can be transported easily and ncrer explodes of itself. The experiments with tbe new mortar and projectile made a great imprcss’on cn the members of tbe Budget Committee who witnessed them. Plates of 6olid steel were pierced end shattered to atoms, and 6oiid stone walls were demolished with a few shots. The shell has a very strong steel point which enters in tbc walls of fortifications like a wedge into a block of wood. The projectile then bursts into thousands of piccc>. The noise of the bursting of the shell is described as f&r; greater than that produced by firing off . n , _ , u . a-j ;.:-,; ; bllloon „J co,osBslil dim^ sionds & 1<na„ been for , some time .. ........ in course .......... of t ___ construction in Berlin. A series of meteorological observations, extending orer several years, have shown that near the earth the velocity of the wind in the tempsrate zone rarely exceeds 40ft per second, and Herr Ga^windi, who bas designed the great Berlin balloon, expects to attain a speed cf 45ft to 48ft per second. A sum of £10.000, it is said, has already been offered for the patent The balloon is 500ft in length, and 50ft in diameter. The total weight is about 43,0001 envelope and netting alone representing 10,0001b. The propelling machinery Fists of two steam engines of 50 1 power each. The cost is estimated at £5000.—Enp 