THE THEATRE ROYAL.— MR. TTTHERADGE'S HAMLET. It is an old stage maxim that every am- bitious actor who reaches tho front rank goes through his Hamlet as a child goos through his measles — somo survive and somo perish. Mr. liuicrauge, Known oy ins AieiDoume puutio as a highly capable actor, either iu comedy or in melodrama, animated by a praiseworthy desiro to better tho touching of the Melbourne stage aud to improve the study of Shakspearo among tho play going community, yesterday evening selected tho performance of Hamlet, tho nc plus ultra of tragedies, for his benefit at tlio Theatre Royal. The liouso was crammod from tho Uoor to tho ceiling, and the attend ance not only justified the anticipations of lite management, possibly founded on a suct-as d'estimn , but proved that tlio Melbourne public are not indifferent to serious tragedy and philosophical reflections. Mr. Titherodge may be congratulated on a distinct success in his impersonation of the Prince of Denmark. Tho strength of tho impersonation was the honest and genuine rendering of tile part, freo from staginess and full ot intelligence, aud its weakness that of t lie deficienoy of the do- clamalory passages and the soliloquies. Tito performance was hut indifferently acted up to. Miss Knight played her part of Ophelia with Veal power, ' though in a somewhat conventional manner. Mr. Stirling Whyte was a capital Polonius, and the audience were really grieved when they saw him piked behind tbo arras. Laertes has yot to learn that acting is not confined lo tho moutli, although his fenolug was satisfactory ; nnd of the imper sonators of the Ghost, Horatio, Rosencranz and Guildenstern the less said tho hotter, lit tho part of Osrie Mr. Inman gave an intelli gent lesson to Government aides-de-camp, if they would only take profit by it. Mr. W. Elton, as lirst gravediggor, disappointed ex pectations, while the Queen was played with passion and with fair dignity by Mrs.' Gordon. To tho various sins of omission, such as the point missed in the scene where Hamlet vofusos to kill hia uncle because lie is praying it is unnecessary to advert. At the conelnsion of tlio fourth act Mr. T'itheradgc, introduced by Mr. Garner, made a brief but modest address, thanking the audience, una especially his por- souai ineuus, ana lurtnermoro nuuauig to thu improvement in the theatrical taste of Melbourne, where ho claimed the largest single theatrical organisation existed in tho wholo world. 