CHURCH OF ST. BARNABAS, SOUTH MELBOURNE. Tho foundation atone of the new Anglican Church of St, Barnabas, which is to bo erected nt tho corner of Montaguo and Thistlcthwaito streets. South Melbourno. wns laid vestcrdav afternoon by his Excelleuoy thoGovornor, who, accompanied by Lady Looh. arrived on the ground punctually at four o'clock. A largo crowd of persons, numbering probably 500, was in attendance, and amongst the elergymeu who were present were tho Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne, tho ltorsl Dr. Bromby, C. Stuart Perry, \V. W. Mantcll, J. Caton, J. Thomson, T. ii. Armstrong uud IL Collior, tbo last named gentleman being tho incumbent of tho parish. Upon tho arrival of tbo Governor and Lady Loch cheers wcro given by tbo crowd, after which tho service appropriate to the occasion was couductcd by the Rov. T. If. Armstrong, who was assisted by tho Itcv. Dr. Bromby ana the Dean. Aftor n portion of tho servico bad boon gone through, Sir H. Loch was presented with" a beautiful silver trowel, and listened to a briof history of the church up to tho present, which wits read to liirn. Copies of tbo metropolitan daih papers nnd other jour nals wore placed .beneath the stone, which was then lowered into its plneo, his Excellency say ing — u I lay this stouo of a church to bo called St Barnabas' Ohurolu in the nnmo of tho Father, Son and Holy Ghost.' On the stouu resting iu its place the Governor aaid — u I declare this stone to be well aud truly laid." Altera further portiou of the service had been proceeded with, liis Excellency, ad dressing the incumbent mid those present, ex pressed the pleasuro it gave him to attend nnd lake part in tho ceremony of laying tho founda tion stone. He had been informed that in no parish was extended church accommodation more uecded than in that part ot South Mel bourne. This new church was estimated tocost, whim completed, about X7000. Towards this Auni he leared, but a small amount had yet bean raised, and as he understood tho parish was not a wealthy one, extranuousaidtoaoon- Biderablo extent would havo ty be looked for. But no parish was au pour thai its people were unable to contribute towards church accommo dation. Some might give pounds, some shillings, and others sixpences, but all ought to contri bute towards providiug forchuruh requirements, and ho folt euro the church people of tho parish would respond nobly and assist in raising fuud3 to complete the church, the corner stoue of which thoy had just seen laid. "When he (the Governor) hud iirst been invited to perform the ceremony of laying that stone, be had mentioned tho fact to Dr. Moorkousu, who had urgod him to accept tho invitation to attend, as lie (Dr. Muorliouse) felt deeply interested in tho erection of the church, and hoped it would receive liberal support from' tho parish ioners. His Excellency concluded by sayiug that ho would take a deep iuterest iu the church, aud that he hoped lo hear before long from tho incumbeut- tlwt it was finished. (Applause.) The Iter. II. Collior expressed, on behalf of the church authorities and himself, their thanks to the Governor and Ladv Loch for their attendance. Thu church, wjieu completed, will bo an edifice built of brick, faced with Waurn Bonds freestone and cement dressings, and of tho early English Gothic order of architecture. It will have a tower at tho south-western corner, above whore tho fouudation-stono was laid — rising to a height of 200 foot, and in tho north western corner there will ho a porch. The nave will be wide, und the side aisles very nar row, autl the church when finished will scut about 300 worshippers. Thu present contract is only for a por tion of tho building, the cost being about AT5Q9. Tho contractors arc Messrs. Fur- ncau::, lieasley and Angel, who expect to bo finished iu about two months, when thero will be sitting accommodation for about 250 persons. The maiu front of tho church will face 'Montague-street, and the height from the stroot to the apex of tho roof will be 65 feet. Soma trouble has been ex perienced in getting a Golid foundation owing to thu grouud beiug naturally low lying, and therefore inclined to bu swampy underneath. The difficulty was, howovcr, sat isfactorily over come by tho use of a foundation plat form of redgum and concrete. The land wns granted to tho Anglican Church authorities in 1870, and much money baa siuco boon expended in filling it up. Hitherto publio worship has been conducted in n wooden building, which lias bceu in uo since 1878, tlio .Rov, T. II. Armstrong having at first hatf charge of tho parish, which was theu purt of St. Luko's. In April, 1879, the present incum bent, tho Rov. if. Collier, was appointed. Under the ministrations of those clergy men tho congregation has grown steadily, and tho church building had twice to be enlarged, nnd in 3882 tho parish was made a separato oue from that of SL Luke. Iu Janu ary, 1885, it was resolved to erect u permanent building of brick, for which plans wore pre pared by Messrs. Terry, Oakden and Burnett, Mr. A. H. M. Addison being tho delineator. The clork of tho works for tho building, which is now being erected, is Mr. Dauhohn. 