Ipteratace. CAMIOLA: A GIRL WITH A FORTUNE. Br JUSTEST McCARTHY, Author of 'Mies Misanthrope,' 'Maid of Athens,' &c.; {Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] Chapter XLVTIL — 'I Can Die Aloxe.' When Walter got out of the grounds he wandered, dragged himself along with slow, uncertain, unsteady steps in the direction of the old church. He had no purpose of any kind ; he was not thinking of going to the* church until he saw himself actually near it, and its spiie came between him and the clear starry tky. Then he saw, too, that a faint light shone from one of the windows. There was something- unnatural and mysterious, some thing that hinted of spectral presences and in fluences in that faint light coming from the church windows at that unwonted hoar. He took out his watch, and was able by holding it close to bis eyes to make out that it wanted go into the church, he thought ; in his present mood the sight of anything beyond the common and the natural would be welcome to him. It seemed to him that it would be well if he could' go into the gallery on the left as ons enters the church, the gallery on the wall of which is the monument to the great man who he was still pleased to regard as the historic chief of bis Bouse. He thought lhe should like to lie beneath that monument and die there. lie got over the wall and into the church yard. The sound of tbe river flowing beneath came with a melancholy cadence into tbe thoughts of the ruined young man. One of ths doors of the church was open, and Walter went in. There was no ghost to be seen there ; cor ghost nor living creature ; yet a light was burning', and in the gallery which he meant to reach. That one light, a jet of gas, half turned on, made the darkness of the other places seem unearthly and appalling ; one would naturally long to get within the shelter and protection of that one ray of light. Walter crept with the ecftett tread up to the gallery and stood alone beneath the historic monument. This egotistic dreamer of sick dreams fancied himself for the moment some ruined scion of an illustrious bouse who comes to die beneath the trophy of bis greatest ancestor. Thus far he was alone in the church. He did not now trouble himself to think about the reason for the light burning and the open door. The ieason was very simple. There was some woik of cleaning which had to be done that night, and which had to be put oS until then ; it concerned the gallery with the monument, and the old woman who kept the keys and lived in a cottage near was up and doing and superintending the business. She and her girl-assistant had merely gone back to her cottage for a moment to gladden and strengthen themselves with a good cap of tea, and naturally left the light burning- and the door open not thinking- of the slightest possi bility of any sane Fitzursemite or other per socage caring to go in. Walter was alone. He leaned his back against the railing of the gallery, and was gazing upwards at the marble effigy and inscription on the wall. Once he glanced casually over his shoulder at the pave ment of the church beneath— a pavement much made up of the fiat tombstones of the dead — and he thonght how horrible it would be if he were to fall over and come crash on the pavement and be killed in that hideous way. He drew away from the railing and nearer to the wall with the historic marble to which his eyes were upturned. Suddenly he heard the sound of a quick footfall on the gravel of the churchyard. Some watcher or workman coming back, he thonght ; and he roused himself from his dreatnings and returned into reality. It would be ridiculous to be found there ; and yet if any one came in he must disclose himself or run the chance of being left behind and locked up in the church for the night. The sound ceased ; but Walter felt sure there was some one in the church ; inside tbe door— below. Then the footfall ?was heard again. The man — it certainly was a man — was coming in, was coming towards that very gallery, was ascending the stairs. What matter? Walter was doing no harm, and could easily explain that he had come in out of mere curiosity, seeing the light. At the footof tbe stairs Jeadingupto thegallery thenew comer suddenly stopped, find Walter heard him lock and bolt the door behind him. He then, and this new comer were locked and bolted in together in this gallery ; the locked dcor on one side, the depth from the gallery to the stone floor beneath on the other. What -3id it matter ? The man ?would unlock the door and let him out ; and yet it felt appalling somehow ; and now the man came rushing up the stairs, and Walter drew away to the further end of the gallery, and set his back against the wall, like one who is prepared to defend Him self. In another second Christian Pilgrim came tearing along the gallery towards him with eyes sending out a light like that of the corpse-candle that burns pale on the sea washed rocks, and he clutched Walter in his strong, fierce arms, and gave a wild laugh of triumph. ' Come,1' he cried ; ' I have found you at last! I told yoa I would Mil you, and I'll kill you now ! No one can get to us here ; we are locked in. Come_ !' He was dragging the wretched young man to the railing of the gallery, evidently deter mined to fling him over, down upon the pave iLeiit. In another moment Walter would have to die the very death the bare thought of which bad just set all his nerves in quivering, shuddering motion. He struggled with all the passionate energy of youth and despair 5 but he was struggling- with a man of far greater 1-hysical strength, a man now, as he felt sure, possessed by the demon of insanity. Walter gave vent to his feelings in a shriek of agony ; a ciy for help where he believed that help there could be none. ' You fool/3 Pilgrim said, with a terrible laugh ; ' if you have to fight for your life you oughtn't to waste your breath. I don't care ; I want to die. Come with me.' At that moment steps were heard as o£ one rushing into the church ; then a beat ing and clanging at the gallery door. Walter cried out again. Pilgrim laughed in a low chuckling tone. 'Too late now,' he said between his teeth ; the words went into Walter's very ear; 'they can't get at us cere. He redoubled his effort to drag Walter away, but the moment's interruption had caused him to relax his grip a little, and Walter was now clinging with both hands to the projecting marble which symbolised the shield of his supposed ancestor. The struggle began all over again with the most savage energy. Pilgrim now knew that he had no time to lose. Some one run into the church beneath and gazed up and tried to pierce the gloom and sea what was going on. The struggling forms were almost directly between him and the light, and he took in the whole situation in a moment. One quick glance all around told him what be must try to do ; the only thing there was to do. Beneath the railings of the gallery and not far inside it, although far below it, stood the pulpit. The pulpit was almost directly in front of one of the pillar?, narrow wooden pillars they were, which supported the gallery. Above the pillars came the gallery ; that is to say the pillars did not rise outside the rails, but ceased where the rails began. Still if a man could reach from the pulpit to the pillar, and could shin up the pillar, he might by a sudden and venturous effort suc ceed in flingiDg himself out so as to catch at one of the rails, With one such grasp the rest would be easy work. In much less than the time it has taken to put this into writing the man had sprung into the pulpit, leaped like a cat from the pulpit to the pillar, cliuibed up the pillar hand over hand, then with a desperate spring and clutch, upwards had suc ceeded in getting hold of one of the rails, and in another second was with the two righting creatures in the gallery. Walter was breaking into a cry of relief when his eyes, dazed and startled as they were, could see that his sup posed rescuer was Joseph the Albanian, and then he remembered bis dream, and believed that Joseph, too, had come as his enemy, and he thought that all was over, and closed his eyes aid gave up the struggle. Pilgrim had succeeded in dragging Walter away from his grasp of the monument, and was backing towaids the edge of the railings with bis wretched prisoner in his gripe. Ro mont promptly thrust himself between the two struggling men and the rails, and he caught Walter round the waist. His own back was squeezed bard against the rails. Even in this moment the sort of good-humored coolness which was bis characteristic did not desert him. ' If only this railing holds,' he thought, ' we shall do well enough.' But he already felt the rails bending and creaking ; they would never hold out long. ' Pilgrim, my good fellow,' he asked in a low quiet tone, for he assumed he had to deal with a madman, ' don't you see that you will bave us all over and down on the pavement in another eecend? Good heavens, Fitzurse, have you no strength at all ; can't you help yourself one little bit ?' Walter was hopeless. The voice of Romont speaking as it seemed to him out of the lips of Albanian Joseph was too much for him. Hi3 bead swam round, his limbs relaxed; he fainted in Bomont's arms and bung down limp as a dead body. Pilgrim was still holding his grip, but be was no longer crushing against the rails. He had sense enough still to understand Romont's words and to keep, from injuring him. His strength was terrible, but Romont braced himself up for one last effort, and literally tore the swooning body free of Pilgrim's clutch. At the time Roinont did not fully understand Pilgrim's purpose. He believed' that Pilgrim only meant to kill Fitzurce. Afterwards it dawned on him, and by degrees became clear, that Pilgrim meant to die with his victim. Now, when lie had torn Filzurse free, Romont made no attempt to restrain Pilgrim. He had no time ; he did not think of it; he could not have done it if be had to care for Fitzurse. He was stretching Fitzurse on the floor, and meant then to appeal to Pilgrim, and try to calm him and get to know what it was all about. Pilgrim gave him no chance. With a wild cry, ' Keep him, then, if you will keep him — I can die alone 1' he flung himself heavily against the frail railings. Some of them gave way; there was a plunge forward; Romont heard another cry, this time inaTticulate, and then a crash on the pavement below, followed by such a succession of echoes that one might have thought for the moment all earth's caverns were in succession breaking into tumultuous applause over the deed which had just been done. The dust flew in clouds, the rats were heard to scamper affrighted among stools and teats, some dog in a barge on the river answered to the noise in the church with a prolonged howl, which might have seemed the death-wail over the man who lay killed on the pavement. Chapter XLIX. — ' I See All.' That is a stricMng passage in Phillip van Artevelde which tells of the mysterious manner in which, 'when this or that has chanced, the smoke outruns the flash,' the news gets to our ears almost in anticipation of the event. The old church by the river had hardly ceased to echo to the crash of Pilgrim's fall when, somehow or other, a shuddering sensation seemed to go through Mrs. Pollen's whole frame, and the words almost rose to her lips that something terrible bad happened. Soon the story began to take shape. Somebody had just arrived, it seemed, who passing by the churchyard, had seen the light within, and while still on his way to Fitzurse House heard a noise which, to his startled imagination, seemed like thunder itself. Thi3 story was first told in definite manner to Mr. Lisle, who was always quiet and prudent whenever any thing had to be done. He went to Mrs. Polltn and said a word or two to the effect that he feared something had fallen in the church, and he had better go and see about it. At the ' time he had no thought of anything but some mere accident to masonry, some falling of part of a roof or other such comparatively trivial thing ; but Mrs. Pollen well knew that if anything had happened it was more than that. 'Take some people with you; take some men/' she said quietly. She would have kept her nerves if she were told that the end of the world was to come next moment. ' I fancy something bad has happened ; be prepared for anything.' In her heart she was only thinking ' if any thing should have happened to Bertie Bcmcnt, and it was I who sent him and she asked me why did I send him. I must get her out of the way for the present, anyhow until we know something.' She looked about, and sA last saw Camiola the centre of a circle of children, to whom she was telling stories. ?'Camiola, dear,' she said, 'I want the music-room cleared. I have a particular reason. There is a little effect which I have had in preparation for some time, and I must get the music-room all to ourselves for a few moments in order to manage it. Now, will you just go and see if it is cleared out? You can tell them why, as far as you know ; but get it done, dear, will you ? Just go about among them and tell them, and I will come to you as Eoon as it is quite empty and tell you what I want you to do next.' What Mrs, Pollen thought was this:— No news will have reached the people in the music- room yet. It is barred against all out siders, and no rumors will have. found their way in there yet from this side. If Romont is eafe he will come back here at once, and he will enter the music-room by_ the nse of his key eo as not to be seen coming in, and to be able to tell us quietly all. Then he will see her. The first thing she will know of the whole aSsiir is that he is safe.' Camiola thought there was something rather odd and mysterious about this request of Mrs. Pollen's. She could not take it quite literally ; sfce could not altogether believe that it meant just what it said and no more. She could not help thinking that it must have something to do with, the disappearance of Walter Fitzursa and Pilgrim and the mission of Romont to look alter them, and her nerves began to quiver. But she long learned to have so much faith in Mrs. Pollen as to believe it was best to do, without question, what her eccentric friend desired to have done. So she sub mitted. ' Oh, yes,' she said, with a tremulous lip, ' I will go since you wish it.' 'Yes, dear, I wish it.' So Mrs. Pollen said, willing to risk all rather than have some wild, extravagant story shot suddenly into the girl's ears ; and Camiola went upon her curious errand with a sinking heart boding of ill. She succeeded in getting the people quietly out of the music-room; tbe general opinion being that something was to happen after wards in connection with, semi-darkness and a magic lantern, and that it would be well not to wander away too far from the door, the inner door of tbe music room, lest the news of this great treat should get abroad over the whole company, and the whole company accordingly bwarm to the centre of attraction. Camiola at last found herself alone in the music-room, and she assumed that she was to stay there until Mrs. Pollen came. It was very lonely. The softened lights had in them some i thing subdued and melancholy; the place seemed like some great chamber of the dead with funeral lamps burning. No doubt it was the contrast between the crowded and noisy condition of the room a few moments ago, and its loneliness now that put such a feeling into Camiola's mind ; that contrast and the dis turbed state cf her own nerves and her own heart. She felt uttezly depressed and out of courage. The future locked all blank and darksome to her. She was becoming miserably conscious that she had committed herself to a cruel mistake when the once again EucctiBibed to tht supposed desire of Lady Letitia and consented to marry Georgie. She was growing to be entirely ashamed of ] the pait the bid played, and she begin to tonneBt herself with the thought that Jtto irent, loo, must despite her now for what she had done, and that he cared nothing more for her. Everything had gone wrong with her, the thought, since that first night in Fitzur.se House when she found out that she was in love with him. Only now, when Mrs. Pollen spoke to her, did she learn that Romont had been in Fitzurse House this evening, this very night ; and he had not sought her out, had not come near her, evidently did not intend to come Eear her. And now he was in danger of eome kind, tome vague undefined danger ; and sup pose the should never see him again, should sever be able to explain or excuse herself to him, should never have a chance of making him believe that, however inconsistently or wrongly she had acted, she had loved him all the time, and knew that she loved him. Theee thoughts filled her mind and blended very sadly indeed with the sounds of the fes tivity that was going on so near. The music and the noise of talk irritated and jacred upon her nerves. The solitude of the room became unbearable. ' I will not etay here any longer,' she said to herself ; ' I can't bear it.' Suddenly she heard a rustling on the gravel just outside the door, and then a key turning rapidly in the lock. Not a great many persons j had private keys to open that door, and of ! these few who bad there was one at least 1 whom Camiola would not care to see just then and there. She stood up by the organ waiting, anxious, almost alarmed, in the mood of one who knows that something out of the common is about to befall ; . she stood with one hand resting on the keys of the organ and her eyes intent upon the door. The door opened, and there was an oblong of darkness made for a moment, and then Iiomont in the dres3 of Albanian Joseph came into the room. He stopped short, seeing her, and she saw that his clothes were torn, and that his face was cut and his hands were wounded. ' There has been bad work,' he said. quietly, not willing to alarm her, yet anxLus to pre pare her for grim news. 'Poor Pilgrim is dead.' The long crushed down feelings of the girl rose in a great wave and overwhelmed her, and ehe ran to him and cried — ' Ob, but you are safe ; thank God, you are safe '.' She threw her arms round his neck. The knowledge which she had vaguely that there was danger, and that he was in it, that he would . be sure to go far into it, the solitary nerve-thrilling wait in the music-room, his sudden entrance, the blood upon his face and hands, and yet the assurance that he was safe — all these influences were too much for her, and beat down her self control, and she had thrown her arms around his neck before she knew what she was doing, and now that she did know and was endeavoring to draw back she found that he would not let her. 'My sweetest Camiola,' he said, and he kissed her again and again, unchecked it must owned; 'and so you were in alarm for me? How sweet of you ; and how happy for me to come on you on this way. KoV, of course, you won't hesitate any more ? ' ' Ob, no, no ; how could I after this?' He drew a deep breath. 'I am so happy. I can't help it ; I am so happy, although po3r Pilgrim is dead. See, I have stained your beautiful dress.' ' It is your blood,' she said, with a slight shiver. ' You were in such danger then, and you are hurt?' ' It's nothing ; only a few scratches got in trying to save a worthless scoundrel. I am sorry to have stained your drees, but let it be a symbol to show that I would khed my heart's blood for you, Camiola. And you really do love me?' ' Oh, yes ; I loved you from the very first.' Then there was a silent moment of measure less content to both. 'Tell me all that has happened,' she said suddenly. 'It is a shame for us to think of ourselves at such a time ; it is no ^ like you or me.' ' Very like me,' said Romont. ' I couldn't help thinking about you and me— about us— if my dearest friend lay dead. Indeed, poor Pilgiim was a very dear friend.' . At this moment Mrs. Pollen entered the room. 'You needn't tell me anything just at present,-'' she said ; ' I have heard all ; yes, and I tee all.' Chapter L.— Mt Two. There was an inquest ; there was a police investigation ; the papers were filled for a time with accounts of the Fitzehurseham mystery, and the attention of the public was turned to the place in a manner which made the best of its residents very uncomfortable. The ordinary Fitzureehamite, however, was proud of living in a place which had a mystery and a violent death ; and was sure to make a boast of the j fact that he knew Christian Pilgrim, and that he used to see Walter Fitzurse every day when Fitzurse was quite a boy. For a while the story cf Jethra Merridew's sudden death got inextricably mixed up in the public mind with : the tragedy in the old church, and indeed j seme people will never succeed in getting them j properly separated. A philosophic person j might have found some pleasure and profit from observing an illustration of the growth of the myth evolving itself out of the daily ' developments of legend concerning the life and ; death of Jethro Merridew and Christian Pil grim. _ One rather popular theory was that Christian was Merridew's son, and conse quently the brother of the circus woman ; that Walter Fitzurse had made love to her and then abandoned her ; that Merridew died of grief at seeing what a wreck she had become ; and tbat Pilgrim tried to kill Walter out of revenge, and, failing in his purpose, endeavored to escape, ^and was accidently killed in the effort. As far as the more intelligent Dart of the public were concerned, Romont's evidence made the whole story clear enough. Pilgrim's reason had suddenly deserted him ; and Walter Fitzui&e;'a assailant was for a time a mere maniac. From what may be called the Bow stieet point of view Fitzurse, was in no wise to be blamed. He was defending himself the best he could, and, but for Romont's interven tion, he would have been killed. The event made a terrible impression upon Fitzurse. For a while his whole nervous system was so shattered that it did not seem certain his life or, at all events, his reason, would not go. He was taken to Fitzurse House and cared for there by Mrs. Pollen. When he was getting a little better Janette came to see him. 'They had a long interview ; no one present, of course, but these two, the husband and the wife. The result told very briefly by Janette was. that they agreed to separate, he to go to the United States and try to make a way for himself there; to do him justice it was he who insisted upon this. Then, after a time, if their affection for each other seemed to return they could come together again. 'Something tells me,' said Janette, with solemn eyes looking into the eyes of Mrs. Pollen, 'that we shall not meet again.' j Mrs. Pollen thonght, in her secret heart, ; that it would be just as well if this prophetic ?warning were to become verified, but she did not say anything of that kind to Janette. 'She loves him still — after all,' Mrs. Pollen thought. ' If there is anything in him he may have a chance even yet.' Meanwhile, the hope was something for Janette to live on, despite her boding; and she was, perhaps, not altogether unhappy. Her sister Alice clung to her now with a plaintive and eager affection, praying for her — for all her love. ' You must give me all your love, Janette ; you must, indeed, now tbat he is gone.' They buried Christian Piigram in the old churchyard. His body lies just near one of the paths that lead to the wall overlooking the river. Vicnie Lammas must have trodden on that very .earth that night she ran across the churchyard to fling herself into tha water. Jethro Merridew sleeps in the churchyard too. His daughter was at his funeral, and comported herself quite decently, people said, consider ing that she was a circus riding woman. To days of excitement succeeded days of re action and depression to some, at least, of our friends at the rectory. The rectory was for the most part silent as the grave. The journey to Egypt was still talked of ; but of course every one knew by this time that Camiola would not go, and Lady Letitia and Janette somehow did not seem as if they had animal spirits enough between them for such an undertaking. The rector strongly urged it, believing that they both needed to be shaken upon and that the very inconveniencies and discomforts on such a journey would do them good. He did not much mind about himself ; it was part of his business and his duty to put up with things and not to want to get away from his post. Mrs. Pollen and Camiola_ were talking over all this one evenisg. Camiola stayed now at the rectory and'now at Fitzurse House. She had taken almost altogether to Fitzuree House since it had come to be known at the rectory that she would not go to Egypt and what else that determination on her part implied. Camiola had been pouring out her soul to her friend concerning her love and her happiness; and after a while she weut on. to say that there were some shadows over her happiness too, and tbat these came out of the general sadness ?which had settled upon the rectory. 'You see I am afraid that I am part of it — part of the cause of it.' ; 'Not so far as Janette is concerned.' ' 'Oh no ; I didn't mean that. I was think ing of Lady Letitia, and I am still sorry for pcor Georgie. I suppose he is unhappy ; but I couldn't help that ; I couldn't marry him. Why should I ? Bertie is all the world to me. ' 'I always told you so; and you wouldn't believe me. I tell you something else now, Camiola . I am not afraid of hurting your vanity my dear, for you have hardly any to hurt, I don't believe Georgie will remain long ucoonsoled.' 'Don't you, really? If I only thought that I should be so glad. _ Don't you really ? You are almost always right, however you get at things.' ' Well, he was always too hysterical for me ; I have not much faith iu that sort of thine. He was like a child, the more you try to keep him from a thing the more he wants to have it. No — Camiola, he won't die of love for you or any other creature that ever put on a petticoat.' ' I wish I might hear of his getting mar ritd,' Camiola said thoughtfully. *' There must be girls who could make blin happy aad whom he could lo vs. There is a great deal thit is lovable in him.' 'Is there? I suppose so; T never could quite see it, but I dare say it ia so. Well, I haven't the slightest doubt that he will get married very soon, perhaps before you do.' ' I hope eo,' said Camiola, and there the talk ended. Mrs. Pollen's words might have been taken as prophetic. The very next day Camiola re ceived a line from Lady Letitia enclosing a telegraphic message from Cairo. ' Georgie to Lady Letitia Lisle. ' Dearest Mother— I have found happiness at last. I am married to a charming and noble-hearted woman, Agnes Clements, widow of Major Clements, who was killed in South Africa. We are devoted to one another ; tell father ; I hope you will both be glad.' Mrs. Pollen and Camiola looked at each other Cor a moment in a sort of bewilderment, and then both at once broke out into a peal of laughter. Their mirth was ringing still when Romont entered the room!'.' ** I wonder who she is ?' Camiola said. 'Oh, I know,' Mrs. Pollen answered; 'I know her very welL She was very pretty; she is a dreadful little flirt.' ' Was very pretty?' ' Yes ; in a sense she is very pretty still.' ' Still ? Good gracious, how old is she ?' ' Not old at all,' Mrs. Pollen said demurely ; ' I should call her young, in fact. About my age, dear ; running rapidly into the forties,' I should think ; at all events into forty. A very nice age, don't you think? If he happens to be rather too young, that's not her fault, you know ; she would be younger still if she could, I daresay, I knew her ia Cairo. She makes up wonderfully well ; you have no idea how nice she looks in evening dress and by lamp light. I should think she would settle djtra and drop flirtation now that she has got a nice young fellow to marry her. And just to think, Camiola, that you were really going to throw away your youth and your life, and your love — to say nothing of Bertie Romont, here — on a creature who could be consoled so soon by a woman like that.' 'I don't suppose I ever really could have done it,' Camiola said apologetically. 'You never could have done it,' Rormnt said, 'because I never would have allowed you to do it; not if I had. to carry you off like Lochinvar. I never felt very much alarm about it.' 'Can she make him happy, I wonder?' Camiola asked. 'I shouldn't wonder,' Romont answered. 'These regular hack flirts sometimes make very good wives for the sort of men who like them. I shouldn't like them myself, but every man to his taste. Our friend Georgie appa rently does.' ' It's a good lesson for one's vanity,' Camiola observed, gravely. '' I might have thought he was dying for me.' 'Fact is,' Mrs. Pollen said, 'they don't die.' 'Don't they?' Romont asked. 'What about poor Pilgrim ? I am convinced that love was in one way or another the cause of his death. He went mad, I grant you, but it was love that did it !' ' Then I will put it differently,' Mrs. Pollen said; 'the men one wouldn't mind dying for never die for us.' 'I would die for you,' Eomont said, 'if you wanted me to, and i£ Gamiola would give me leave.' » ' But she wouldn't, and you know it ; and that sort of dying is easily done. I feel very sad about poor Pilgrim all the same.' The journey to Egypt was of course given up now. Lady Letitia felt no very passionate lorjging to see her son's new wife. The cam paign was all over, and Georgie would pro bably soon come horns. Lady Lstitia felt wretched over the whole affair, and perhaps could not quite keep from secretly blaming Camiola because she had not married Georgie at once and out of hand, and so prevented all possibility of his ever marrying the fading widow. 'Our only hope must be that she will not fade too soon,' said the rector, with a determined effort to make the best of things, 'and that his glamor may continue, so that she may not fade for him. You see, Letitia, he would never have done for a girl like Camiola. Although he is our son we can't help admitting that, can we ?' ' No, I suppose not. Bertie Iiomont is cer tainly much better suited for her ? ' ' Ob, yes, ever so much better ? ' 'And .as it couldn't be our son, St. George, I am very glad it is Kitty Romont's son that is to get her. I positively will go and see Kitty Romont again. Fancy all that has happened since I saw her last !' It was arranged that the marriage of Romont and Camiola was to take place very soon, and was to be altogether a quiet affair; the married lovers were to go to Italy ; the Lisles were to go to a German batb, taking Janette with them ; the whole encampment was about to break up ; some going off to be happy, others to make the best of things. The soft sweet autumn was fading already into a mild winter, and Mrs. Pollen, Camiola, and Romont were standing one afternoon on the lawn of Fitzurse House. The marriage day was coming near ; the lovers would soon go away. They were talking over many things whom shortly they were to leave. Amid all their happiness there was a certain sense of sadness at the thought that they were to part. So many things had happened lately that it did not seem altogether possible for their lives to settle down again into the familiar grooves. There were, occasional moments of silence. ' I Euppose you haven't thought yet,' Mrs. Pollen said, ' of what you are to do with your self in the way of a career. What is he to do with himself, Camiola? I3 he still to be a professional philanthropist ? Is he ever to be Joseph the Albanian again?' 'Oh, no,' Camiola said hastily, and then suddenly corrected herself. 'Yes; I think he shall be Albanian . Joseph^ sometimes tor my exclusive benefit. I think he must wear the mummer's disguise on every anniversary of the day when he rowed us on the river ; don't you remember that day ?' ' Yes, I remember,' said Mre. .Pollen. ' I think you, too, must see him on .these great anniversaries, Mib. Pollen. We must bave you.' *' If I am anywhere near,' said Mrs. Pollen. 'If you are anywhere near?' Camiola asked, surprised. ' You don't propose to be very far away ?'? 'The question is,' said Mrs. Pollen, ' what I am to do with myself now ? I have lost my right-hand man in Christian Pilgrim. I don't like the look of this place while his memory is still fresh upon it. I seem to see the stains of his blood everywhere round. I shall go away for a while, and tiayel with Vinnie Lam map, although I am rather sick of travel, and I shall be lonely. 'Come with us,' Camiola and Romont ex claimed in one breath, and they really meant it. Mrs. Pollen smiled tenderly on them both, and said : — ' Come, now, that would be shabby and sel fish cf me, would it not?— to inflict myself on your honeymoon ? No, my dear p3irof happy lovers, I shan't do that. Perhaps I shall ask you to keep this placs for me after you- get baclc to England, and while I am still thinking things out and not certain what I shall do. You see, I am not quite clear whether on the whole I have made a particularly good thing out of my at tempt to put matters all to rights in Fitzarse bam. I wonder whether Pilgrim might not be alive, and Janette Lisle unmarried, and Walter Jditzurse still spooning on little vinnie .Lammas if I had never come near the place ? 1 begin to think I had better leave Providence to manage things for tbe future and not take on me to intervene.' ' If you hadn't come,' Camiola said, ' what would have happened to us I wonder; to Bertie and me ?' 'Ob, well, I fancy Bertie and you would have come all right anyhow ; I am sentimental enough still to believe that when psople love like that they are not to be kept asunder. But I don't feel satisfied with the general outcome of my attempt at administration ; and, indeed, it generally seems in the world as if the more some of us tried to do good the less we sjje |peed ; and we had better just be commonplace j and. discreet and let things alone. I am an unlucky woman, I think. Well, I'll go away for the present. Perhaps I may come back ; although the most graceful and poetic thing would be now to disappear and never be seen here any more ; and be always an odd sort of memory or myth in Fitzurseham. Who_ knows but that I might in time get turned into a legend and be regarded as a saint or a ghost, or some thing of the kind ? Wouldn't that be better 2' ( 'You are a saint to me — a patron saint !' Romont said. ' Am I, really ? Well, is not that another reason while I should go away, and stay away, and live on always like that in your memory and in the memory of my handsome Camiola, who is looking so particularly grave just now ? ' 'I can't bear the thought of your talking cf going away and staying away,' Camiola said, with tears rising in her eyes. ' My dear, you make me very happy. You two,' Mrs. Pollen said, 'and you make life Eeem swett to me. You make me young again. I shall drag but a lengthening chain, you may be sure, at each remove that takes ; me farther from you. You have done a great deal for me, and whether I am here or whether I am there, near or far, I shall have you with me always in my memory and in my j heart, you two ; my two.' : The bold dark eyes were moist as she spake, ; and she took a hand of each in here. i The Eku. 