DISESTABLISHMENT. TO THE EDITOR I am, &c.;, LIBERATIONIST. Sir—I may remind the good "Senex" that did not begin this battle, but a Church of England man began by a lone letter of assault upon Dissenters and Liberationists, and all nave done a simply to defend these parties. I thuk the love wasonthe part of the Wesleyan3, marched in a body to hear them read prayers and sermons. " Senex" seems to think that there was an amazing kindness on lite part of that clergy in allowing Wesleyana to attend divine service. I have no doubt he does think so, for the Anglican idea is that" we are the best china, bat all Dissenters are very common earthenware." How loving the clergy most be who could speak of the destruction of a chapel as a public good, and "'Senex" saw that him self. As regards evidence for the purchase and tale of livings, "Senei" has already admitted it as one of the evils the Church must bear for a time. London papers of late dates contain an account of resolu tions passed a few weeks ago by the Lee Conservative Club as things urgently needed, and tiiefirst of these is: "Theabolition of the sale of next presentations to livings." In answer to this the Archbishop of York wrote— I am fully sensible of the need of Church re pnn on the general line of yonr resolutions." As regards the ill and bitter feeling of the Anglican clergy, daring the first week of January the Rev. Sydney Godolphin Osborne wrote to the t Times—" I can well remember the day when having large congregations in my church—for tie most part of fie laboring class —the thorn which festered in my ode was the work done at 'meeting' held in a large cottage in my parish by the Pmnitive Methodists, and the sound of their umviueb in the open air, many of them yet being attendants at my own church—in fact being some of my best parishioners." Good and blessed wurkin thecon vergion of sinners was Mcordingtojhis?minent i churchman "athornwhichfe?teredinbi?side. n "Senex" is under a total delation. Xtbera tiotiists do not want the reform of the amazing: abuses of the Anglican establishment put into their hands. We want to disestablish (he Church and leave those who believe in prelates and read prayers to reform thedHacb&s; they may think fit. "Senex" flihih <that Wedejan ministers want to help Ghnrch people to reform the prelatic church. Z do not believe thattheywant to meddle with other people's religion. They think that Anriiwm. ought to have ability to reform their own church. Why, Weeleyans do not want the assistance of the Church clergy in order to manage the Wesleyan Church. Ihaveoething but love for my brethren and osten in the AngUoanOrorch, brrt that is no reason why I should love their naughty ways; toy love makes it needful I should tell them some truth in love, and urge them to do justioeto Diasentera. " Senex" thinks that be will leave me to the Rev. Mr. French, but Mr. French knows that the conduct of the Church in respect to the matters I have brought forward is in capable of defence. It will help "Senex" to understand the kindness of the Gbnrch to Dissent also to understand how we have lost many chapels, and also to see how opposed the Church is to all fair and equal law as between Dissent and Church, if I speak a little on the question of sites for Dissenting churches. Throughout England and Wales Dissenters of all eorts have had great difficulty in inducing the landowners, who are chiefly Church of England people, either to give or sell sites for the erection of Dissenting churches. In many cases the landowner 'would only grant leases, and so when the leases ran out the Dissenters lost their chapels or had to pay extortionate amounts for the renewal of leases. In the case of Lord Salisbury for twenty years be has refused a ?te to the Wesleyans at Hatfield on any terms whatever. But the Anglican establishment has itself compulsory-powers by which it can acquire church sites, as Sir W. Harcourt has clearly proved in answer to the Church people who sought to prevent, and last year did prevent, Dissenters obtaining the same compulsory power which they themselves possess. I suppose "Senex" will allow -that Sir. Beresford Hope is a. ina/li^g Ang/Ki^of^ * darling of the clergy. Well, he led theopposi tion to the Dissenters, and he has been weO supported out of Parliament by the Bev. H. H. Moore, Vicar of Darwen. In the Darwen Ncks of January 2 there is a long letter on the question by Sir W. V. Harcouri^ now Chancellor of the Exchequer, which he con cludes thus—"Under these circumstances to deny a similar right to Nonconformists is indefensible." Sat the A^gH?-o?i clergy have used all their influence, and have succeeded in denying equal rights to the Dis senters, and they know that alarge number of Dissenting chapels are likely to fall into the bands of Church landlords. We shall hare the Bill this year in spite of them. Is it any wonder that Hue Dissenters are tired of such a system, and that their cry now is Ddtada. erf. We are prepared to give to 'Angiiwi^a innia rights and privileges—no more and no less, > Just-minded men would not want any more. But Anglicans want to oppress Dissenters, and have privileges for themselves. If they had had more policy they would have removed Dissenters' crying grievances concerning burials, marriages, and church sites, long ago; then, perhaps, they might have retained their privileges another fifty years. Mr. Hope's conduct about the Dissenters' Church Sites Bill put immense fire into the disestablish ment movement. But "Senex" has never a word to say about Dissenters' grievances. The Church of Jesus Christ is neither the Wesleyan, nor the Tt/mntn J nor the Anglican. I am a Catholic, not a sectarian; I follow Paul when he said "Grace be with all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and in truth." The one mind we are all to be in is the sincere and truthful lore of Christ. As for email questions about prelates and con ferences, these ate immaterial to Christian unity. The division of Methodists into different organisations is not a. division of the Church of Christ, neither is the division of Methodists or Plymouth Brothers (the latest denomination begotten by the A"£?'>mt establishment) from the Awgl?m" organisa tion a division of the Church of Christ. Those who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and truth are in the unity of Christ's spiritual body, God forbid that I should be so superstitious or deluded as to confound the Church for which Christ died with the Wesleyan, or the Angli can, or Roman organisations. These all have their excellencies and their defects, and are useful handmaids to the Bride of Jesus, but that is all. I wish nothing but true success to the Anglican Church. I shall be glad for all its abuses to be amended, for it to become more kind, humble, laborious. One great reason why we want it disestablished is the belief that it will be more healthy and efficient for good; another that there may be a. fairer Am. sion of revenue between the dersn TO THE EDITOR. Sir—l have been much interested in the cor respondence in (he Advertiser on the disestab lishment question. The following is a capital letter which appeared in the Cambridgeshire Times. It is from the pen of the Rev. J. Uoyd James, and is worthy your readers'pero?al:— "Which is the bee church? The public shall judge. Dissenters choose their own ministers, and, if those so chosen suit not the congregation, or tbe congregation the minister, the agreement may be cancelled by mutual consent, and both are free. It is not thus by the church established. The clergyman is appointed to the living without the church having a voice in the matter. He may even buy the living like any other property, privately or publicly, sod even-by auction, the revenue and souls. He may be forced into die church against the -will of the worshippers, and may stick there, whether useful or useless,*? the profit or not to the profit of his congregation, a pleasure or a burden, and they cannot beta? themselves, but must put up with ft,iwwever dwagiwmhlfi to the hearers and worshippers. How, sir, which ig free, Dissent or Gbnxch ? Thectagym&n; may even introduce innovations quite ob noxious tohischorch; hence the squabbles in courts of law, which are scandalous and grievous to every Christian man. It is said by one of the writers that Independent icinistexs axe dependent upon their congrega- ' tions. That is the beauty of Dissent. If it were so in the Established Church it is more than probable that most of their clergy would not be where they are. Dissenters us inde pendent of the State, and dependent on their churches. Tbat is Scriptural and apos tolic to say the least of it. We would not have it otherwise. It is a healthy state of things for ministers and congre gations. The advantages far outweigh the disadvantages. We' ate in good company. The Jewish priests and. prophets were so. The Divine Master and His apostles were so. They were not State paid, but depended on the free will offerings of the people. The Christian worker, if he works, is worthy of bis bite, and the Master has declared and pledged His won! bis wants shall be supplied, though not by compulsion. We are in the class of Elijah and Elista. We are in the class of Samoa], who was not guilty of taking anybody's ox or ass, while in modern times famfiin have been sold up to pay the tithes. Yon say this is lav ; bat I say, it is not Scripture. Cbastiaas and their work are to be judged by the Scnptaxes. We axe in the class of Paul, who cultivated a conscience void of offence both towards God and man, and preferred working with his own hands rather than prove ? harden to others, while in our own times hard toiling farmers, poor widows and im poverished tenants, whose bnrdens are more than they can bear, work and swea% waste their strength to get money to pay ths titties; and in these hard tunes *^"? Church ha) not in the least helped its own tired and weary supporters in remitting part of the burden. What the law gives the Church must have. AH the consolation the sufferers receive is to have the 'fox toil,' as Kev. J. W. Green designates it, brandished in the faces of Dissenting ministers. We do not envy the ' fox tad," if that is the term for sacred endowments. One I am, &c.;, INDEPENDENT. of the writere ays we Independent ministers are poor. We are in MooA. company there again. Die .Steter baa not where-to lay His head, Peter lad neither stlrer nor gold, Paul received coQecbmn with gratitude; Doctor Owen, Cootfwin, and others preferred the liberty of conscience to church .revenues! with the yoke too gaOiag to beac They trusted to Providence rather than bind their consciences to what they could wot subscribe. John Banyan choae fourteen years of imprisonment in Bedford gaol rather ibsn ?J1 his liberty. Dissenting pastora ?re poor, yon say. I<et it be so; our churches are not money-making concern?. Yet eome of ub have left their farms scd more remunerative occupations, not for the cake of Rain, but far the love of prraching. We are of tie class of John Weakly, who could not get ft free and fan- field in the Church to do all the good he desired to perishing foulb. Cat as to poverty, whit of the 200 cerates who drew up a petition a few ?weeks ago, to the effect that they preferred diEestabfisbrpent to their grievous position, woiiing hard, while rectors live at eas=e and in enjoyment of the pay? Tte curates are the working bees of the church, and deserve a better treatment They visit, they preach, and are worked *odeath, but are not recognised accord ing to their service. With Dissenters, those who do the work receive the pay. We have been toM that we have not money to give to the poor like the State clergy. We give out of our little, like the widow and her mite: they of their abundance; which of the two givEi? did the Master commend? There is a great danger in thfe matter of Christmas and other charities, to trumpet it too much, for vain glory, like the Pharisees: and to tempt the poor to attend the church, for the sake of what leaves they may get, instead of the spiritual good and unbribed worship of God. We are told that the church hoe liberty to pray; it ought to have; but in tide public service of the Established Church there is no praying; bat the reading of prayers. Prophets and apostles did not read prayers. Here is a church, that cannot read a single chapter or publicly offer a single prayer but what the law of the land autho rises and prescribes. Another thing we are told is, that we do not object to tfae doctrines of the Church. That is certainly a mistake. We do not accept the doctrine of regeneration in the baptism administered by man, the im parting of the Holy Ghost by the imposition of a bishop's hand, nor absolution, hot the \- assurance of a glorious resurrection to any one over whose grave the Church burial service is read. This Hie clergymen themselves have sought to alter, bat in vain. The State law is in the way. ' liberal Churchman7 assert? that Dissenting- ministeis cannot preach whatever they like, for fear of giving offence t<£the lords of the congregation, while (he Church clergy men can. This shows he draws on his imagi nation, and not from facts. We have perfect liberty and fear no one in the matter of preach ing. We declaim against the euib and vices of the age, against the pride and conceit of class, against gluttony and drunkenness, tippling and betting, Sabbath desecration and gambling, without the fear of the squire ar.d his family, the fop and the spendthrift. The loss of not being asked to dine at the hall does not intimidate us. I wish the clergy were as bold to drive the evil habits of 'the tipper and educated classes' from the land, who in many cases encourage evils we would not tolerate in ear society. We teach that ritual ism is no religion, but a sham, and destroys instead of saving some. We teach that faith in Christ alone saves, without bowings and genuflections before crones and emblems. One writer boasts the Hainan Catholics are one with them in tnainfaiininp the Establishment. \\.Scch company makes it suspicious that the Establishment is not the bulwark of Protes tantism ; it will be a help to the Catholics to establish their own."— TO THE SDTTOB. Sir—Wai you please print the following extract from a letter written by a Church of England clergyman itmng the late election contest. The Mr. Cndltp mentioned was the Liberal candidate in the Stamford Division of South liccolneMre:—"Seeing that the issues at stake are world-wide, and that the con sequences will be appalling, every elector, Liberal or Dissenter, who is ? wise and thenghtful man. should panse serioady before he rotes for Mr. Cndlip, for by bo doing he ?will be forcing on a scheme destined to bring infinity £01107 and misery, aot only upon England and upon oar ESnttsh Empire, but upon the whole world. If the Church of England feH, as Mr. Cndfip desires she should, ber fill most inevitauly ruin wrnnhgrg incaloal ftbk of dor schools, haqnUa, infirmaries, charitable and benevolent instttotiooa, orphan ages, religions and nlrilniittropic societies in England and m all fte world. Thea? are all parts of one stupendous whole, and these, together with tile Cfannb, will be involved in one and the same universal bankruptcy. The <aaeb, should ft come, will \>e terrific, andtte cry throqgbont tin world each a cry us bas never before been beard.—l am, sir, toots faithfully, lindaey K. Knox, Creeton Rectory, Orantham, Kov. 13th, 1855." If that is at all a reflex of tin feeEngs of churoh xcea no wonder ttey go dead against DISESTABLISHMENT. 