A SCOTLAND YARD FOR SPECTRES. (Pall Mall Gazette.) THE Society for Psychical Research divides with the Browning Society the privilege of being the best ridiculed institu- tion in London. Its members are conversa- tionally known as " sikes," though The Sike is not an individual, but the society. Sikes are sub-classed as soft-headed and hard headed, each holding opposite views as to the object of their association. The soft- headed sike regards the society as an organisation for the protection of impostors and the endowment of slate writers, and has subscribed his guinea on that understanding. The hard-headed sike is bent on a purely scientific investigation of phenomena alleged to be supernatural, and is by no means averse to the excitement of a little amateur detective work in hunting down roguish professional mediums. These hard-headed ones can both think and talk, and they naturally usurp the direction of the society, delivering all the lectures and publishing all the papers, whilst the emotional members can only sit in the bitter silence of outraged but inarticulate faith to hear their most cherished ghosts identified with rats and echoes, and their treasured letters from the other world shown to be in the handwriting of Madame Smith the medium. This is the more unbearable because in many respects the evidence adduced is necessarily one-sided. In the case of haunted houses, for instance, the soft-headed sike believes in the ghost, but is afraid to sleep in the house. His testimony is therefore set aside, while some gross materialist member of the committee, who believes nothing and would sleep anywhere, is allowed to give his prejudiced testimony uncontradicted. Besides, it is well known that spirits only manifest themselves to sympathetic natures, so that the very failure of the hard headed to attain to spirit- vision is in itself a proof of the soundness of the views held by the opposite party. Perhaps the weightiest recommendation of the Psychical Society will be conveyed by the fact that out of 263 pages in the last published record of its proceedings 200 are devoted to the exposure of an elaborate fraud. Four are occupied by the report of a committee concerning a gentleman whose left forearm became miraculously encircled by a metal ring, the conclusion being that "we" (the committee) " cannot infer that it is impossible that the ring should have come into the position in which we found it by known natural forces." The remaining fifty nine are occupied by a paper by Messrs. Gurney and Myers on mesmerism and hypnotism, an account of some experi- ments on a confectioner in whose fingers anaesthesia was induced by mesmeric passes, and an elaborate report on " thought transference," in which it appears that the Vivisection Act has partly failed in its purpose, for on page 431 appears the cold-blooded note, "Back of neck pinched with scissors," an injury that cannot have been self-inflicted. The more zealous sikes, it appears, do not hesitate to submit to barbarous tortures in pursuit of the incipient science of telepathy. All the pin-pricking, nose-tweaking, ear nipping, and nostril- tickling they en- dure are forgotten or forgiven when the exclamations, flinchings, and rueful rubbings of the blindfold medium prove that she, too, has telepathically shared their pangs. Mr. Guthrie actually took a mouthful of Worcester sauce as a test of taste transference ; but the medium only observed placidly that she tasted "some- thing sweet - also acid - a curious taste." The most interesting part of the volume in question, and one that must be credited to the Psychical Society as a distinct public service, is the report of the committee ap- pointed in May, 1884, to investigate the marvels testified to by the founders of the Theosophical Society. That body, it will be remembered, claimed the guardianship of certain mysterious Mahatmas of Thibet, who could project their "astral forms" to the remotest corners of the globe, and appear or deliver letters there to their friends and pupils. The latter were called chelas ; and! one of them, Mr. Damodar, K. Mavalankar had progressed so far as to be able to project himself; while another, Mdme. Blavatsky could perform many amusing tricks with letters, cigarettes, and other light articles. They soon indoctrinated Colonel Olcott and Mr. Sinnett, who wrote English books about Theosophy. The bait of a new religion with plenty of miracles yet to come was greedily gorged; and all went well with the chelas until the General Theosophical Council expelled a certain couple named Coulomb, who immediately revenged them- selves by publishing in an Indian paper some letters written by Mdme. Blavatsky, from which it appeared that the mysteries of the Mahatmas were of precisely the same nature as the mysteries of Messrs. Maske lyne and Cooke. Mdme. Blavatsky pro- tested that the letters were forgeries. The hard- headed sikes sent out Mr. R. Hodgson to examine the manuscripts. The soft- headed ones denounced them for that deed as, " ungentlemanly," pointing out that the Coulombs were "only servants." But Mr. Hodgson was, meanwhile, at work com- paring handwritings, visiting the scenes of the alleged miracles, and examining the con struction of "the shrine" at Adyar, into which the Mahatmas bad been wont to pro- ject their letters. Mr. Hodgson's report could not be staved off by any device inventible by soft- headed ness. It is upon that report mainly that the Investigating Committee based their conclusions, of which three may be quoted : -1. "That there is a very strong general presumption that all the marvellous narra- tives put forward as evidence of the existence and occult power of the Mahatmas are to be explained as due either to delibe- rate deception carried out by or at the in- stigation of Madame Blavatsky or to spon- taneous illusion, or hallucination, or uncon- scious misrepresentation or invention on the part of the witnesses." 2. "That after considering the evidence that Mr. Hodgson has laid before them as to Colonel Olcott's extraordinary credulity, and inaccuracy in observation and inference, they desire to disclaim any intention of imputing wilful deception to that gentleman. 3. "That the committee regards Madame Blavatsky neither as the mouthpiece of hidden seers, nor as a mere vulgar adventuress. It thinks that she has achieved a title to permanent remembrance as one of the most accom- plished ingenious, and interesting impostors in history.," 