THE LEADER WRITER. THE Lunacy Commission have recommended that patients shall be divided into two classes. The first class to consist of imbecile and harmless patients, semi- insane patients and patients " whose condition demanded that they should be housed and fed until otherwise provided for." The secondciass to consist of all other patients. In addition to this " a separate asylum to be established for idiots." A first-class lunatic appears to us to be a very enviable being. We were very nearly going mad ourselves when a judge—without a jury—mulcted us in heavy damages and costs for remarks upon a Government official. If we had done this we should have been a very jolly first-class lunatic indeed. We can hardly iinagineany nicerorpleasanter position. We should havetaken kindly to lunacy, and blessed our luclty stars that we were bereft of reason. We should have sat upon a stool all day long as well as any other man, twiddling our thumbs, eating the bread of idleness and housed at the expense of the ratepayers. The idea is so delicious that even now we think we shall go out of our minds and try and get ourselves " housed and fed" for life. But let no one think he can call us a lunatic with impunity. We may go on "the devoid of reason" ticket and get housed and fed until otherwise provided for, but let the man beware who calls us mad. To be devoid of reason may give us a life of ease—to be told so will give us the opportunity for which we pant. We positively long for some man of substance to throw doubt on our strength of miud. Before a jury we might make nothing out of it—the wretched common sense of jurymen is a bar to the working of oracles—but before a judge of uncommon sense, who would sympathise with our infirmity, and put himself in our place, we should be bound to win. In the " separate asylum to be established for idiots" there are many persons we should like to provide for. Among them we should certainly put Judge Casey and the jurymen in the late ease of Browne v. Punch. Nothing but softening of the brain could have induced our old friend Jay Jay and the hard-headed, common-sense, practical men of business who formed the jury to find for us. We see that now, though we did not see it at the time. We had not then heard His Honour Mr. Justice Holroyd's remarks. Our readers may smile, but it is an absolute fact that till we heard Judge Holroyd charging himself we thought we had a leg to stand on ! But we were speedily undeceived, and we trust that in common decency Judge Casey and his jury will retire at the earliest opportunity to the new asylum for idiots, and remain there as loug as the " one judge and no jury" system remains in existence. What greater proof of idiotcy can we have than a County Court judge and a jury going through the farce of a trial, when no matter what their views are on law and facts, another judge without a jury can upset their finding and declare the man guilty whom they agreed in thinking innocent ? We shall consider idiot asylums a fraud unless Judge Casey and Ids jury present themselves for admission. If ALLAM, in his Constitutional History, chap. XII., says :— "There is in England a remarkable confidence in our judicial proceedings, in part derived from their publicity, and partly from the indiscriminate manner in which jurors are usually summoned." We are not aware whether the law in England now allows a judge to try a libel case without the assistance of a jury to hold him in check, but we sincerely hope for the sake of justice that the grand old mother country lias not committed such a terrible mistake. The " remarkable confidence in the judicial proceedings" of which the great historian boasts would speedily disappear if either the liberty or the property of the subject were at the uncontrolled mercy of one man. And we can hardly imagine anything calculated to bring judicial proceedings and the office of a judge into contempt more than the suspicion of unfairness or prejudice in the determination of a case that he tried without a jury. Let us imagine that a judge tries a case without a jury, and tliat lie is socially acquainted with one of the parties to it—that he has met him at dinner here, at a ball there, at a garden party, a picnic or some other resort of the gay. He is on nodding terms with him, and feels generally disposed to do biin a good turn. The other party to the cause he does not know. He has heard of him perhaps—" a low fellow—a dispiser of authority—one who laughs at everyone; aye ! even at Her Majesty's justices, sir !" Now, in the first place, is it possible that when the judge has as a jury to decide on matters of fact, he can help being influenced by his acquaintance with one party and his prejudice against the other ? And, in the second, is it possible to persuade either the public or the man against whom the verdict is given that the first hypothesis is possible ? We have all heard the story of the Irishman wlio, charged with a capital offence, stood in the dock undefended by counsel The judge offered to procure him legal assistance, but the prisoner scorned it. " I have a good friend in the jury, me lord," he said, "who will eatliis 'loots rather than let me be hanged !" If the English people ceased the time-honoured plan of the indiscriminate summoning of jurors which Hallam applauded, might not a plaintiff or defendant boast of " his friend the judge" as the Irishman did of his friend the juryman, and would not justice be brought into contempt? If a jury 'indiscriminately summoned" returns a verdict both parties must bow to it. No one would suspect six or twelve men summoned at random irom the general public of beiug actuated by motives of either friendship or prejudice, but a one judge and no jury" verdict must from the very nature of things be open to suspicion. If these remarks are true as applied to England, how much more forcibly should they not apply to a small community like that of Victoria ? We have the " one judge and no jury" system here, as we have lately found to our cost; but we trust that we have been the last victim to it. Urgaus of every political party have condemned in the strongest terms the verdict that was given m the libel case of Broirm v. Punch, and we trust that before the year is over such a state of affairs will be rendered impossible in future actions If we could only » indiscriminately summon" the ghosts of Hallam and a few other constitutional writers and ask their opinion on the case ! lHE Secretary for Railways has played a good practical joke on a member of the public who foolishly wrote, complaining of the overcrowding of smoking carriages on the suburban lines, and suggesting a cure. Mr. Labertouche told the complainant "quite seriously—which is the pomt of the joke—that he " should object when the smoking carriage is full," to any more passengers entering. M r. Labertouche, we may explain, is not one of our regular contributors, and our admiration of his humour is in no wise the result of personal or professional regard. It is, of course, a capital skit, and we can fancy how it will be appreciated in railway circles; but if the Secretary had sent it to us we should have noted it, as Mr.' Gillies did the N.Z. Premier's letter about the admission of our wool to America on the score of friendship, as "too thin." Fancy the effect of an objection to the overcrowding of a smoking carriage when the door is left open ! We do not like the idea of turning men from the station of life into which they have been called by nature ; but we would beg to inform Mr. Labertouche that we have always an opening for a first-class practical joker on our paper. Only , when he writes for us he must endeavour to tone down his exuberant wit. The readers of PUNCH like jokes, but there must be an air of probability about them. " Objecting" to overcrowding is too, too thin. TIIOUGHI w| object strongly, no doubt from interested motives, to a judge without a jury trying a case in which we are concerned, we must honestly confess that we should like ourselves to be a judge, and untrammelled by the jury system, have the lives, liberties, and fortunes of the community at our disposal. There is ho class of tradespeople that we should devote more cheerfully to the gallows, that we should condemn to longer and severer terms of imprisonment, or that we should mulct in heavier damages, than bootmakers who make boots that creak as we walk about. We are candid enough to acknowledge that we do not regard the jury system as perfect. It would annoy us—it would annoy us very niuch—if we were a judge, and if a shoemaker charged with making a pair of creaking shoes were to be saved from our just wrath by the scruples of jury of brother tradesmen. There might be a tailor among the twelve who made his coats too tight in the arm-pits, and who would fear that his turn might come next—as it should. There might be a hatter, whose hats had cast-iron rims that left indelible marks on our brows; a barber, that shaved skin and pimples away with the hair that we only wanted removed; a grocer, that gave us adulterated food and drink ; a blacksmith, that shod our horse so that he was bound to form corns. These men might— we believe would—combine to defeat the ends of justice, and the erring bootmaker would leave the Court "without a stain upon his character." But if we were Mr. Justice PUNCH of the Supreme Court — without a j" y—'t would be hard for the bootmaker. VVe r should vindicate the awful majesty of justice. The wretch should tremble in our presence. We are perfectly without prejudice of any kind, but there is absolutely nothing that annoys us more than a creaking boot; and when we had the maker of one in our hands we should be as hard on him as if he were the proprietor of a comic paper. A man who makes creaking boots is really guiltier than if he attempted to make jokes out of current events, and amuse the public at the expense of the individual. £200 damages with costs would be altogether inadequate to the offence; and if we were judgewithout a jury—where we simply inflicted a pecuniary fine in one case, we should have blood in the other. The damage that a pair of creaking boots does is incalculable. It lasts with the life of the boots. It worries the person who wears them, the persons who hear them, and all who come within their range. Creaking boots are the cause of domestic discord. They waken slumberers in church. They disturb the peace of public meetings. They make the doctor's visit a pain instead of a pleasure. Till a bootmaker is hanged—or, at least, imprisoned for life—we cannot expect this evil to be re- dressed; and we can hardly expect such a consummation till the jury system is utterly abolished. We are torn with contending emotions. Under the one judge and no jury system we suffer. Under the judge and jury system the false bootmaker escapes. We propose a compromise. Make us judge—abolish the juries—and have up the bootmakers ! They might pray in vain to St. Crispin to save them from their awful doom. AT the banquet given to Mr. Donaghy last week by'his Geelong admirers, the Honourable Thomas Bent is reported to have said that'' he would do his best to help Geelong to secure what it required in regard to local wants." We might, then, point out to the Hon. Tommy that what Geelong particularly "wants" is—waking up. Therefore, if the Brighton Brawler is in earnest, and is really anxious to perform what, under the exhilarating influence of soup and other things he has promised, we would suggest that at the next public meeting to be held at the Pivot, he take the chair and address the ssemblage in that classical and forcible style hich is peculiarly his own. IT is to be hoped that if summonses are issued against all those who were present at the late prize fi— boxing match, the' authorities will not forget the constables who attended, and did not attempt to stop the exhibition till one of the combatants was unable to stand, or, as the papers put it, " came up to be knocked down," and eventually his opponent, in disgust, exclaimed, "Why don't you take this man away ?" Seventeen rounds had been gone tlirough ere these gentry interfered. 