THE WITOCH'S RING. A very curious, struggling, sleepy, old I village is Addingtune: Half a century be- s' hind the rest of the world, it still sits be- o tween the green hills of the Eastern State, i" its elbows on its knees and its chin in its a hands, musing on by-gone days, when old t King George held the land under his sway, ii and when, as: its old folks ssgely b remark, they were not as they are now. There are a great many old peo- t] ple in Addingtune-in fact, very few people n die young there. The atmosphere is so C dreamy and peaceful that excitement cannot s exist, and the. wear and tear of the busy i world is unknown, or at most only hums b faintly over the hills, like the buzzing of a S fly on a sunny pane on a summer day. And . so they sit still in the chimney corners from year to year, and muse, and doze, and dream, t until they dream their lives arway and take s their final sleep. It was. to an old crone of this description that I was indebted for my r adventure. In the'course of my idle wandering about' the village I chanced one day to peer over a crumbling wall, and discovered an old, dis- b used burial ground. The brown slabs were broken, prostrate, and scattered, with only "' here and there a forlorn, unsteady stone e standing wearily, and waiting for the time - to come when it, too, might fall down and t rest with the sleepers beneath. Scrambling I' over the low wall I stooped about among the ' grass, pushing away the tangled masses of s vines and leaves from the face of the slabs, t that I might read the inscriptions there. I But the suns and storms of nearly 100 years had obliterated nearly all the letters, so that only a portion of names and dates remained. t Finally, down in a deep corner of the en closure, where the weeds grew densest and the shade was darkest, I found an old stone, which, leaning forward, had protected its i face from the storms, and on this stone I read the words : =" Barbara: Conwall, born 1670, died 1730. Age 60 years.. Having been lawfully execu ted for the practice of witchcraft." My curiosity was at once aroused- I inquired of several persons as to the history of this woman, but without success for a time. Finally, however, I found an old woman, who told me the history of Barbara Conwall as it had been handed down by her ancestors: Living in an old stone house at the edge of the village she was rarely seen-for no 'one: ever crossed her threshold-save when she was occasionally met by a frightened party of children idling away a summer afternoon's holiday in the woods, when she would scowl and pass away, stooping along over the fields gathering herbs with which to brew her mighty- potions. No one ever,; interfered with her, however, until a sad year came to Addingun:. An epidemic broke out and raged with a fury.that nothing could withdraw. People began to mutter that Barbara the witch was the cause of it. Passing along the road. she was stoned by a party of boys, to whom she turned, and, shaking her bony hand, shrieked that the curse was upon them. Two of the lads sickened and died in a few days, and_ though scores were carried away in a like manner, no especial import was attached to their death. Barbara began to be watched. They looked through, her window at midnight and found her bending over a seething cauldron, throwing in herbs, muttering- cabalistic words, and stirring the mixture with what they reported to be a human bone. Old Barbara was working her charms; When one morning a'man came into town, bruised and covered with mud, and testified that as he rode past oli Barbara's house at 12 o'clock the night before, he saw the Arch Fiend and the witch in conversation upon theihpusetop, surrounded by flames, and laughing fiendishly in the lurid glare as they shook their fists at the plague-stricken village sleeping below, his tale found ready credence. The fatt that he was an habitual drunkard, and had on more than one occasion rolled from his house in a druunken stupor, and passed the night in the ditch, dreaming wild dreams, did not in the least detract from the belief the villagers in his account of this pair of demons had pounced upon him, and had first tortured andl thrown him senseless into a ditch, their indignation became un controllable. Old Barbara was tried, condemned, and hanged, though she protested her innocence to the last. The little sum of money found in her possession was used to buy that grave stone-as no one would-dare appropriate it and to this day if a .yJne were bold enough to go to the grave at midnight on the sam-i day of thie year on which she was hanged, rind say, " Barbara, I believe you are i:nrocent," at the same time stretching out a his hand over the grave, she would appear t to hilu and place in his hand a tailsman. 1 This talisman would bring good fortune as I long as he retained it, but at some time in his life the witch would return and claim her I own. C The old woman ended her story in a low, impressive monotone, which, with her earnest- s aess and sincere belief in what she said, al most carried conviction to me in spite of s reason. As I sauntered away, ridiculing c these ignorant and superstitious village folks 1 I found myself almost unconsciously wan deri:g back to the old burial ground to the old witch's grave. Carelessly glancing at the inscription I was surprised to find that that I very day was the 150th anniversary of her I death, and still more surprised when the I thought occurred to me of watching at her grave. I ridiculed and scoffed. Where was my boasted common sense and incredulityl 1 But still returning ever, came that wayward thing called fancy-and it conquered. The world was wild and weird that night, when I stole forth from the village. The wind was moaning through the trees, and sobbing piteously; the black clouds were driven in broken patches across the sky, now setting down the moonshine, and again shrouding it in the blackest night, and making the shadows chase each other about, and steal around corners upon one in a man ner that made me wince in spite of myself. Climbing the low stone wall-rather ner vously I confess-I stole away through the old down-trodden graves, pushing through the weeds and briars as silently as possible, and making my way toward the dark, dreary corner where the old witch reposed. A grave yard at noon is a very different spot from a graveyard at midnight-especially if one is i there to seek an interview with a spirit. " I reached the place and stood by the tomb. It still lacked a few minutes of 12, and as I stood there watching the moonlight flitting: over the graves, I longed for a ray to creep in with me. But no- approaching and re ceding, and wavering all about me, it never : touched this grave, but fled away as often as it approached, as though frightened at the I black shadow for ever lurking there. By-and-by the vilage clock tolled 12. As the slow tremulous tones stole out on the night, the wind ceased moaning, the clouds i covered the face of the moon, the insects I stopped chirping, and when the last stroke ! was finished thealmost unbearable silence was broken only by my own breathing, which I 1 strove in vain to suppress. The darkness was intense, and I could see nothing. A terrible feeling of guilt and terror seized me, that I, a mortal, should be intruding here at such an hour. Mechanically I strove to ] speak the words I had been told, but my lips refused to form a sound. Still I stood in that awful black silence, chilled with fear, until with a mighty effort I reached out my arm over the grave and grasped-a hand. It was only for an instant-not that, for it was jerked away in a twinkle-but long enough to feel how warm and velvety it was -and how small. Not that I lingered there to reflect upon these novel qualities in the hand of the ghost, and an old witch at that, for you altogether mistake my bravery in supposing it ; but it was after I had cleared the old wall at a hound, and was out on the moonlit road, walking at a rattling good pace towards town, that I recalled it. From a state of intense cold I had changed to burning heat. The touch of those soft tingers thrilled me through as with an electric shock, and I walked faster still in my excite ment. Gradually the consciousness forced itself upon me that I had something in my clenched hands. There was first a glitter and then a spark, as the moonlight fell into lhe hollow of my upraised hand, and I saw there a glittering ring set with flashing stones. The icicles began slipping down my back again, and I hurried on. Some persons may be inclined to deride my nervousness on this occasion, but I assure such that I am not naturally a timid man. I have a medal hanging in my room at home which asserts that I am not a timid man, and above all, I had always been void of suprstitious' fear; but truth compels me to say that I not only lighted all the lights on reaching my room at the little inn that night, but turned them very high into the bargain, and that 1 made a systematic inspection of all the closets, and removed from its peg a long cloak that was hanging in a very sug gestive position on the wall. This done, I sat down and examined the ring. It was a quaint, old ring, curiously carved and massive. The setting was composed of several small coloured stones, set in a circle about a diamond. My financial circumstances had rendered it unnecessary for inme to ac quaint rnyself with precious stones and their values, so that I could only surmise that the ring was somewhat valuable. Considering the excited condition of my nerves by this time, it was not strange that I should start when my eyes fell upon the name that was inscribed in quaint letters inside the ring '. Barbara." SI sat and mused upon the whole adven ture-what the crone had told me-the grave Syard, the ring, and (this was returned to me Sthe oftenest) the thrilling touch of that soft Shand in the darkness. Perhaps I should say right here that I called myself an old bachelor, and had never 1 been in love-that is, with any mortal. I t did not think that I wvas devoid of sentiment Sor feeling, for I often dreamed of love and Sworshipped beautiful things of my own fancy, Sbut my life has been thrown among boys and y men; and women was far away and a mystery. a A motherless home, a stern father, a hard working student's life at college, a stranger .1 struggling for bread and reputation in a great I city--one can perceive how it could be that I had made few acquaintances among women. g In reality I was only 25, but my experience u had made me feel older;so, as I said, I s called myself a bachelor. d I have given the brief history of myself in s order to prepare the way for another confes \- sion. I was falling in love with the owner of that soft, warm hand It is preposterous d but it is true. I began to doubt my reasons. C In vain, I tried to remember that Barbara, n the witch, was an old, ugly woman. The \- only picture I could call up ',as that of a \- beautiful, young girl, with-but words fail h me ; onmly she was far from ghastly, but was as warm, and substantial, and full of life as i, that hand had seemed to be. The fire irons fell with an unearthly clatter and startled me out of my dreams. I went to bed to soothe my nerves with sleep, and lay awake most of the night with the lamp burning. Fortuue smiled upon me from that night., Two years of busy, city life had passed, when old Barbara's talisman was still unreclaimed when one day-do you believe in love at first sight I Well, if the appearance of Walter Wyman's sister had not conquered me as she stood under the parlour lamps, a revelation of beauty and youth, the touch of her hand when she welcomed her brother's friend would have enslaved me forever. Never had a touch so thrilled me since-since I had the witch's hand in the graveyard. The same peculiar shock passed through me, and the memory of that spectral night came over me like a flash. But I did not start out to tell a love story. Let me briefly say that I fell in love, hope lessly and ridiculously in love, and that I acted just as all lovers have done since the world began. It doesn't matter much about a man's age. At 27 he will act pretty much as he would have done at 17, and so I wrote verses and sighed, and tormented myself with a thousand hopes and fears, and grew hot and cold by turns, and wonderfully timid, and prided myself in concealing it all, when, as a matter of fact, the state of my feelings were perfectly apparent to all my acquaint ances. Matters were in this interesting state one day an opportunity occurred of which I availed myself with a degree of skill and presence of mind that I am proud of to this day. It all came about by my asking the young lady if she believed in ghosts. " I suppose I should," said she, " consider ing my experience." Leave a woman alone to make an evasive answer. Of course I implored an explana tion, and she related me the following story : " It was about two years ago when a party of girls, just home from school, were visiting a friend down in the country. One of the girls had heard a foolish story about a witch's grave, and some nonsense about her annual appearance, and a talisman, and when I ex pressed my incredulity, they braved me to put it to the test. What is the matter I The place '1 A little town called Addingtune." "Foolishly I accepted their challenge and received a terrible fright. I carried out the instructions and stretched my arm over the grave. It was so dark I could see nothing, but someone seized my hand. I was so be numbed with fear that I could not cry out, but could only fly through the lonely grave yard to where my trembling companions were awaiting me in the field. It was a foolish adventure, for I fell ill, and it cost me a valnable ring which was left to me by poor Aunt Barbara. ' For her little name sake,' she said, when she sent it across the sea to me. You see the ring was a little large for my finger, and was pulled off by by-" "By me !" I interrupted, taking the lost ring from my pocket. It was time for Barbara (I forgot to say what was her name) to be startled now. I hope that I may say that I came out strong on the occasion. I told my story in a very impressive way, lingered over the effect of the witch's hand on my heart, spoke of the good fortune the tailsman had brought me, made a very pretty allusion to Barbara, the witch, reclaiming her own-for she was not a witch, after all, as [ could testify, having felt her charms and finally, not only offered to return the ring, but to give myself np into the bargain. She took both. 