Jud Brownin's Account of Bubinstein's Playing. (From The Musical Trait Jltcitw, Now York.) "Jot, th.y nay yoa htard Bubeiutein pUj Trhon you iroro in Bew York." 111 did in tht cool." " Well, tell us about it." " Wkat I me? I might's'well tell yon about the oreation of the world." "Come, now; no moot modesty. Go ahead." "Well, sir, he had the blamedest, haggest, cattycornedeat planner you ever laid your eyeB on; sometbia' like a diatraoted billiard table on threo lege. The lid was heisted, and mighty well it waa. If it hadn't been, he'd a tore the intire insidcs clean out, and scattered them to the four winds of heaven." " Flayed well, did he ?" "You bet he did; but don'tinterrup'me. When he first set down he 'peered to keer mighty little 'bout playin', end wisht he hadn't come. He tweedle- leedle'd a little on the triblo, andtwoodle-oodle-oodle'd some on the bass— just foolin' and boxin' the thing's jaws for bein' in his way. And I says to a man setting next to me, s*I, 'What sort of fool playlu' is that?' And he says, ' Heiah !' But presently his hands commenced chasin' one 'nother up and down the keys, like a passel of rata eeamperin' through a garret very swift. Parte of it was sweet, though, and reminded : me of a sugar squirrel turnin' the wheel of a candy cage. ' "'Now.' I says to my neighbour, 'he's showin* off. He thinks he's a doin' of it, but he ain't got no idee, no plan of nothin'• If he'd play me up a tune of some kind or other I'd ' "But my neighbour says, 'Heish!' very impatient. " I was jiefc about to git up and go homo, bein' tired of that foolishness, when 1 heard a little bird awaking up away off in tbo woods, and call in' sleepy •like to his male, and I looked up and I see that Bubin was beginnin' to take some interest in his business, and I set down agin. It was the peep of day. The light came faint from the east, the breeze blowed gentle and fresh, 8omemore birds waked up in the orchard, then some more in the trees near the hcuse, and all began sintrin' together. People began to stir, and the gal opened the shutters. Just then the first beam of the sun fell upon the blossoms of a leetle more, and it techt the roses on the bushes, and the next thing it was broad day; the sun fairly blazed, and the birds sang like they'd split their little throats; all the leaves were movin' and fiashin' diamonds of dew, and the whole wide world was bright and happy as a king. Seemed to me like there was a good breakfast in every house in the land,' and not a sick child or woman anywhere. It was a fine mornin*. , "And Itsays to my neighbour, 'ThatI musio, that is.' "But he glar'd'at me like he'd like to out my throat. "Presently the wind timed; it begun to thicken up, a kind of grey mist came over things; I got low-spirited direotly. Then a silver rain began to fall. A could see the drops touch the ground; some flashed up like long pearl earrings, and the rest rolled away liko round rubiej. It was pretty, but melanoboly. Then the pearls gathered themselves into long strands and neokl&ces;, and^ then they melted ioto thin Bilver streams running between golden gravels, and then the Btreams joined eaoh other at the bottom of the hill, and made a brook ' that flowed silent, except that you could kinder a-o the musio, especially when the bushes on the banks moved ae the musio went along down the valley. I oould smell the flowers in the meadow. But the sun didn't shine, nor the birds sing; it was a foggy day, but not sold. Tho most curious thing waa the little white nngel boy, like you see in pictures, that run ahead of the musio book, and led it on, and on, away out of the world, where no man ever was—I never waa, certain. I could see that boy just as plain as I can see you. Then tbe moonlight came, without any aunsot, and shone on the graveyards, where somo few ghosts lifted up their hands and went ovor the wall, and between the black sharp top trees splendid marble houses ros* up, with floe ladies in tho lit* up windows, and men that loved 'em, but could nover get a nigh 'eni, and played on guitars under tho trees, and mado me that miserable I could a-cried, because I wanted to love somebody, I don't know who, hotter thau tho men with guitars did Then tbe son went down, it got dark, tho wind moaned and wept like a lost child ijt its dead mother, and I could have got up then and there and preached a hotter sermon than I ever listenod to. There wasn't a thing in the world left to live for, not a blame thing, and yet I didn't want tbo musio to stop ono bit. It was happier to bomiscrablo than to bo happy without being miserable. I couldn't understand it. I hung my head and puilod out my handkerchief, and blowed my noeo to U*ep from cryiu'. My oyes is woate anyway; I didn't want anybody to bogazrn' at mo siiivlin', nud it's nobody's businoBS what I do with my nose. It's tuitio. But several glared at ino nutd usTuckor. Then, all of a f*udden, Rubin changod his tuno. He ripped end ho rar'd,ho lipped and he tur'd, ho pranoed and he charged like the grand entry at a circus, 'Peared to me that all the gas In thehouso was turned on at once, tilings got eo bright, and I hilt up my head,'ready to look any man in tho faoo, and not afoord of nothin'. Yt was a circus, and a brass band, and a big ball, all gcin wi ft tht same time. Ho lit into them keys liken thousund of brick, bo gavo 'em nu rest, day or night; ho set" ovory livin* joint in mo o-goin', and not bein1 able to stand it nq longer, I jumpt spang onto my seat and jest hollered: " ' Go it, my Rube!' " Every blamed inn.u, woman, and child in ■ thehouBeriz on me, and shouted, 'Fat him oat! put him out!' "'Fat yonr grandmother's grizzly grey greenish oat into the middle of next month!' I says. ' Tooh me if you dare! I paid my money, and yon jest oome a.nigh me.' " With that several policemen run up, and X had to simmer down. But X would a-fit any fool that laid hands on me, for I was bound to hear Buby ont or die. " He had oh&nged; his tnno again. He hopt light ladies, and tip-toed fine from send to eend of the key-board. He played soft, and low, and solemn. I heard the ohurch bells over the hills. The oandles in heaven was lit, one by one; I saw the stars rise. The great organ of eternity began to play from the world's end to the world's end, and all the angels went to Then the mnsio changed to water, fnll of feeling that couldn't be tbongbt, and began to | drop—drip, drop, drip, drop-- olear aud aweet, like tears of joy fallin' into a lake of glory. It was sweeter than that. It was as sweet as sweetheart sweeten'd with white sugar mixt with powdered silver and seed diamonds. It was so sweet, I tell yon' the audience oheerod. Bubin he kinder bowed; like he wanted to say, * Much obleeged, but I'd' rattier you wouldn't iuterrup' me.' " He stopt a minute or two to fetoh breath. Then be got mad. He ran bis fingers through his hair, be shoved up hie eleeve, he opened his coat-tails a leette farther, ho drug up his stool, he leaned over, and, sir, he j ust went for that old planner He slept her face, he boxed her jaws, he palled htr nose, he pinched her ears, and he scratched her cheeks, till she fairly yelled. He knookt her down, and he stompt on her shameful She bellowed like a boll, she bleated like a oalf, she howled liko a hound, ■he equeoled like a pig, she shrieked like a rat, and then he wouldn't let her up. He run a quarter atratoh down the low grounds of the bass, till he got olean into the bowels of the ieirth, and you heard thunder galloping after thunder, tbro' the hollowa and cavea of perdi ■ tion; and then he fox-chased his right hand with his left till he got away out of the treble into the clouds, whar the notes was finer then \- the pints of cambtio needles, and yon couldn't hearnothin' but the shadders of 'em. And then he wouldn't let the old piannor go. He for'ard two'd, he oros't over first gentleman, he croB't over first lady, he balanced to patds. he ohassade right and left, back to yonr plaoes, he all hand's around', ladies to the right, promenade all, in and ont, here and theie, back and forth, np and down, perpetnal motion, : double and twisted, and turned and taoked and tangled into forty'-leven thousand donble . bow knots. -"Byjings! it was a mixtery. Andthenhe . wouldn't let the old piannor go. He feoht up the right wing, he feoht np the left wing, he feoht up the oentre, he feoht np his reserves. He Area by file, he fired by platoons, by oom pany,' by regiments, and by brigades. He opened ma oannon siege gunB down thar, Napo leons here, 12 pounders yonder, big gnus, little guns, middle-sized gnus, round shot, shells, shrapnels, grape, canister, mortars, mines and magazines, every livin' battery and bomb a-goin' at the same time The house trembled, lights danced, the walls shufc, the floor oame up, the ceilin' come down, the sky split, the gronnd rockt—heavens and earth, creation, sweet potatoes, Hoses, ninepences, glory, tenpenny nails, my Mary Ann, halle lujah, Samson in a 'simmon tree, J-rossal'm, Tump Tompson in a tumbler cart, roodle-oodie oodle-oodle-oodle-oodle — rnddle-uddlo-uddle addle—raddle-addle-addle- addle—riddle-iddla ' iddle-lddlo—reetle-eetie-eetle-eefle—p-r-r-r-r r-lang! per iang; p-r-r-r-r-r-lang! Bang! "With that bang! he lifted hisself bodily into tbe at', ant} he oame down with his knees, his ten finger^ his toes, his elbows, and his = nose, striking every single solitary key on that pianner at the Bame time. The thing bns'cd and went off inty seven'een hundred and fifty seven thousand five hundred and forty-two hemi-deml-semi-qulvers, and I kuow'd no I mo'. "When I oome two, I were under ground i about 20 foot, in a place they call Oyster Bay, treating a Yankeo that I never set eyes on be fore, and never expeot to ngain. Bay was breaHn' by the time I got to tho St. Nicholas Hotel, and I pledge you my word I didn't know my name; The man asked-me tho number of my room, and I told him, 'Hot music on the \- half-shell for two?' I pintedly did." 