TURF GOSSIP. Br Avgvtl To St Albans! will be the cry on Tuesday next, when a special train will leave Spencer street at 10.50 a-m., and return early in the evening. The fact of several of the yearlings to be disposed of being by the champion sire St Albans is sufficient to attract a goodly crowd to this famous breeding establishment In addition, the First Kings, Lothairs, and Bos worths? are very {fine yearlings, and to those who have never visited St Albans the visit should be of a most pleasant character. After the yearlings have been disposed of, eight brood mares, the property of Mr. Donald Wallace, will be submitted. On Wednesday, Messrs. Yuille and Co. will keep the ball rolling at Newmarket, where they will place before the racing public the yearlings of Sir Thomas £lder and Messrs. James Faterson, A. Smith, Robertson Bros., W. Bladder, J. V. Smith, and John Field. On Monday I had a look at Sir Thomas Elder's lot, and was greatly pleased with moat of them. Of course Newstead's brother attracted most attention, merely because of his relationship to last year's winner of the Maribyrnong rlate. He has plenty of power all tbrongb, with sounder-looking legs than bis brother, whom he very much resembles, and as there is bound to be some keen com petition; I expect to see him reach four figures. Physician, by Darriwell from Julie, is a stylish gentleman with a first-class pedigree, and The Cheese, by Darriwell from Gruyere, is a real chip of the Tim Wbiffler brown, whose Melbourne Cnjp victory wilt not be readily forgotten by those who witnessed it Theorist, by Darriwell from Emily Faithful, is a grand colt; and Epicurean, by Darriwell from Alethe, is a rare mover, and has more power than his sister, Eouise Berta. The Newmarket winner, Tyropean, is represented by a colt by Darriwell, a very creditable Specimen indeed; and if be inherits his am's Bpeed with his sire's stamina, then will he be b racehorse of the highest class. The Very" inappropriately-named Newstead Abbey is half-brother to Joanna, and a strong mnscatar colt is Whirl storm, foil brother to Mistral. A brother to j Dun lop is another that is likely to command1 favourable criticism. Among the fillies I like nothing better than Daybreak, by Wild Eagle from Aurora, by The Marquis: and Plebiscite, by Darriweil from La Naine, is a most blood-like lady. It is to be regretted that the moat valuable filly of the lot, Harridan, by Darriweil from Meg Mcrrilies, injured herself so much on the trip over that Mr. Elworthy will not he able to send her into the sale ring. Misfortunes never come alone, for after the South Australian yearlings had been landed, with Maddelina's half-sister, the only one injured, Tinman, half- brother to The Assy rian and other good performers, wrenched one of hiB hocks so badly that it is doubtful if he will be well enough to be dis posed of. By many good judges he was con sidered the most promising of all the year lings to be submitted, and his close relation ship to so many horses of repute would possibly have induced some wealthy racing man to have given 1,000 guineas for him. Messrs. Robertson's other yearlings are a credit to their breeders. The colt by Englishman from True Blue belongs to the same family as The Tinman. He stands on short legs, and has immense power. Smaller, but very neat, is the colt by The Englishman from Lady Elizabeth. He is a rare-bred one, and so is the well-grown colt by The Englishman from Excelsior (sister to Alethe, the dam of Lonise Berta.) A chestnut filly by The Englishman from Catspaw is one of the best-looking fillies that will enter the ring, for she is a sound, lengthy, well-grown youngster, with every prospect of making a real flyer. Mr. James Paterson's yearlings will be dis posed of on the same day, and the first on the list is nearly full brother to the celebrated steeplechaser Mernder, whose performances of late have stamped him the greatest cross country horse at present in Australia. Second on the list is a colt by King Tom from Gelatine, the dam of several winners, and next to him comes a rarely bred gelding by King Tom from Azemia. A gelding by King Tom from Maid of Honour, by The Marquis, should be worth pur chasing, and I wonld remind our turfites that at the next spring meeting of the V.11C. there is to be a race of 300 sovereigns for two-year-old geldings. A brown colt by Proto-Martyr from Gascony descends from the old Gaslight family. The remainder are fillies, most of them by King Tom, one being half-sister to Boolka, and there fore worthy of Borne notice from racing men. Mr. John Field's lot consists of seven colte, all by the V.R.O. Derby winner Lapidist Fire of them descend from Edella, the maternal ancestress of Malua, to whom they are closely related, one being balf-brother to Mr. Inglis's crack. The other two descend from another mare, Whizgig, whose fame has been established by her sons and daughters,1 who have performed on this side of the Straits. Last month I gave full particulars of these yearlings, and as they are superior to the lot sent over last year, intending pur chasers should not lose sight of them. From Lindenow, Mr. Alexander Smith sends half-a-dozen, three fillies and three colts. Among the former is a full-sister to Merrimu, who has played such aa important part in handicaps during the season. Then there is a half-sister to the V.R.C. Derby winner Rufus, and as she is by The Hook, she should be valuable as a brood mare. A filly by The Hook from Actress also claims descent from Whizgig, and the colts include a brother to Lord Chancellor, half-brother to Dirk Ilatteraick, and a colt by His Lordship from Minnow. ( The Fulham-park stud, of South Australia, will be represented by a baker's dozen—nine colts and four fillies.1 This lot includes a colt by Richmond from Ruby, and he is therefore half-brother to that good horse Sardius, which fact alone should have considerable weight with owners of horses. Most of the others are by Richmond, three of the colts being by that sterling little horse Conrad, whose blood is bo richly prized by breeders. Mr. J. V. Smith Bends only three colts, one by The Hook from Peg Woffington [being a very fine yearling: The other two are re markably well-brea youngsters, one being by Wild Eagle from Sunbeam, and the other by Progress from Queen Elizabeth. By the steamship Glengoil Messrs. Kcrouse and Madden have despatched to Madras 155 horses, specially selected for gun and artillery work. It is sufficient to say that the shipment is quite up to the high standard of previous shipments made by the same exporters, and as a conse quence they are oound to meet with quick disposal when they arrive at their destina tion. " Merlin," of the Tasmanian Mail, com bats the idea that Miss Grissell was by Skeleton, and assumes that because Mr. Cox, who owned the mare, sold a mare j named Grizzle to Mr. Gee, the produce by Black Jack was Miss Grizzle, the maternal ancestress of Aspen, Claptrap, &c.; In order to make snre that there was no mistake in the pedigree given by me, I had the compiler of the Tasmanian Stud Booh interviewed, and he declared that there could be no error, because he obtained the infor mation from Mr. Cox and Mr. Gee, and it is hardly likely that they wonld have given a wrong pedigree. This occurred some thing like 40 years ago. Besides, the Black Jack mare was a black mare, while Miss GrisBell was a grey. In 1832, Mr. Wadding ham had a mare named Miss Grizzle running ; in galloway races. By-the-bye, Mr. H. Weedon, of Laun ceston, has very kindly forwarded me an I interesting curiosity in the shape of j the book of the secretary of the Corn wall Turf Club, containing the re cords of racing in Launceaton from 1832 to 1830. In those days, Mr. C. B. Hard wicke was one of the leading spirits in the turf world, and remained so for many years. He died only a few years ago at the ripe old age of 93. His fellow-stewards were Messrs. James Cox and Thomas Henty, the treasurer was Mr. James Henty, and the secretary Mr. R. P. Stuart Good old names these. Their presence on the official list proves that the love for sport was strong in tbe breasts of the pioneers of Victoria. At the annual meeting held in 1833, Mr. Glea dow proposed, and Mr. Cox seconded, " That thoroughbred and imported horses be allowed to run without carrying extra weight" In those dayB hait-breds received an allowance. This very unwise concession led to all sorts of abuses, many a blue-blooded aristocratic horse running as a "cocktail," and obtaining an allowance to which he or she was notentitled. In 18361 find Mr. Waddle's Moss Rose winning the first heat of the Wanderer Purse, the gift of Mr. Thomas Henty, bat she could only get second to Captain Ritchie's Princess Royal in the second and third heats. The competitors were two'-yeafc£U|s, and they didn't spare them in those days.; At a meeting of the Tasmanian Turf Club lost week, Mr. James Hamilton's resignation was received with rezret, Mr, J. B. Curran was appointed to succeed? Win, ai)4 the cio& could not have made a bettdf choice, fbr'Jlr. Curran's heart id in hie wbrfcyind, with the assistance of the new Sadler, I'm sure he will kee^'iM SpjMatine, for he is a thorough enthtisiaev&wd; Is well" acquainted with the requirements of both the public and owners of horses. At the Ringarooma (Tasmania) races, Cara mut, a son of St Albans and Aglaia, won the principal race of the day, the Ringarooma Handicap, and directly afterwards came forth and easily won the Flying Handicap. His owner, Mr. Joseph Powell, was alBo successful in the Consolation Stakes, which he won with Rob Roy. Mr. C. Krushka's Young Horatio, by Horatio, won the Hurdle Race, and the same owner's Daylight the Maiden Plate. Since the abolition of the tot&lisator;, racing in Adelaide has deteriorated to such an ex* tent that it is now only about leather-Hap ping form. Mr. William Filgate, with praise worthy spirit, has made up liis mind to attempt the task of raising sufficient funds to hold a meeting at Morphetville in the month I of May. Several of the leading citizens have promised their support, and if others will respond in a similar manner, a liberal pro gramme will be iramed. By abolishing the totalisator. and driving all the trainers out of Adelaide, our neighbours have deprived themselves of the benefit of the circulation of something like £100,000 a year, for no men spend money so freely as the sporting men of a community. Some day, possibly, the legislators of the Bister colony will ac knowledge their error, and again legalise the instrument under restrictive conditions, limiting its use upon any course to about six days in the year. This would enable the South Australians to hold a couple of big meetings, and Victorians would again assemble in force at Morphetville and on the old course. The latter will, however, have to be placed under the direction of a properly constituted club, and as Messrs. Blackler and Ferry are quite willing to give up their claim upon anything like reasonable terms, there should not be much difficulty in arriving at a satisfactory arrangement Entries for Doncaster races close at Pre vot's Hotel, Bourke-street, at 4 p.m., oa Friday next, March 5. By advertisement it is announced that the Australian Jockey Ciub will receive applica tions for the office of starter up to Monday, March 8. The salary is £150 per annum, and as the successful candidate will probably be appointed by various other clubs the position should be worth having. Victorians who act as pioneers in the northern portion of Australia don't lose their love for sport by transplantation. The Isisford Jockey Club, composed principally of men from this part of the continent, is to have its annual meetiug in June, and as the races are chiefly for amateurs, one oi their number now in the colony has chosen a beautiful collection of prizes from the estab lishment of Brush and Co., of Collins-street There are three prizes for the Handicap Corinthian Race, the first being a splcudid silver tea and coffee Eervice, value £80, the second prize being a set of silver side dishes, value £25, and the third a set of fruit knives and forks, value £10. Another event to be run at the meeting is a Corinthian Race, for grass-fed horses only, welteP' weight forage. The first prize for this is a silver urn, value £50,'and the second a spirit stand, value £20. The whole of these trophies are useful as well as ornamental, and reflect credit upon the judgment of the selector. Itseems that I did the Runnymede track an injustice in venturing an opinion that the accidents, whereby three horses each broke a leg at the late meeting, might be attributable to the state of the track. From the secretary I learn that the owners of the horses were per fectly satisfied with the course ; upon which neither pains nor expense had been spared to render it as perfect as possible. Marie's acci dent iB accounted for by the mare standing too far off the hurdle and jumping into in stead of over it. Manfred faced the starter with 6uch broken-down fore-legs that the wonder is he lasted so long in the race, and Goldtop's accident is attributed to having struck a hurdle. Several of the owners who had horses running at the meeting have written to say that the Runnymede course i3 one of the best of up-country tracks, and this is corroborated by Mr. C. F. Fraaer, who ex presses himself well satisfied with the arrange mrntsofthe Runnymede Jockey Clnb. I'm delighted to hear such excellent accounts of the coarse, and also to find that the accidents were in no way caused by any defect in the running ground. The Clarence River Jockey Club has for warded circulars to all the registered racing clubs of New South Wales, with a copy of the resolution lately passed by the club in favour of the totalisator. In the introductory portion of the note the secretary says :—" I am also instructed to add that in the dis cussion which took place upon the resolu tion it was pointed out that not only was the legalisation of the totalisator desirable in the interest of the public and as a source of revenue to club funds, but that its use, under responsible control, as suggested, would also tend to remove from race meetings some of their most objectionable surroundings." By reference to the advertising columns this week it will be observed that the Liver pool (N.S.W.) Jockey Club has issued an excellent programme for St. Patrick's Day. It contains five events, the first being a Sel ling Hurdle Race of 100 so vs., which is fol lowed by the Pace Trial Handicap of 150 sovs., three-quarters of a mile. The Auction Plate of 100 sovs. precedes the Liverpool Han dicap of 200 sovs., one mile and a quarter, I the whole to conclude with a race called the Mutual, a selling race of 100 sovs., in which any surplus over the selling price is to be divided between the clnb and the owner of the winner. There is one most extraordinary condition in some of the races, and it is that nominators can use their own option as to whether they pay the sweep or not, but they can start their horses whichever course they intend to pursue. New South Wales racing men who are at present in Victoria will bear in mind that the entries close on Monday, March 8, and so that they may have no diffi culty in nomiu&ting; arrangements have been made with Mr. Bond to receive entries at his office, 100 Bourke-street Mr. J. Perry will also receive entries at Tattersall's, Sydney, and Mr. A. Paine, the hou. secretary of the club, will take them at Liverpool Honey Bee, who won the Shepparton Handicap, has joined Mr. Bence's string at Gaul&eld.; FromCaulfield I hear that the fastest horse there is Midstream, by Hie Diver from My Lady, by The Marquis from Lady Manners Sutton. He is, however, the possessor of a vile temper, and as he is likely to play up at the post Mr. Watson will do well to give him a wide berth whenever be faces him. W. Duggan arrived from Sydney with Cairo a few days ago. Those who have horses engaged in tbs Albury Cup, Handicap, Hurdle Race, and Steeplechase are reminded that acceptances are due at 4 p.m. on Tuesday next, Much 2. Nordenfeldt is doing slow exercise again, bo Mr. Feunellv Drobibiy considers he has a chance of bringing hia to the post for his A-J.G en^a^tiiicnti Mr. Kelso has finally determined not to bring First Chester over to ton foe the V.R.C St Leger. The coit is doing well, bur is cot quite fit, and his owner oreiers to mate an eodettoor to hare him cherry ripe tot the A.J.C. St. tecer. Mr. Fred Woodhouse, sen., l a? completed to the order oi Mr. IL G. Talbot one of the best pictures that ever left the veteran artist's easeL Ir is a portrait oi the CauiSed Cop winner Blink Bonny. whose chid points hare been hit off to a nicely. Another picture, which has attracted a good deal of attention, is that of another Canlheld Cap winner, Grace L*riin~ This is by Mr. Fred V> oedbouse, jun., and is now on view at Mr. Stevens's establishment, Elizabeth-street. M ben Mr. IbAert Howett was in Australia he expressed an opinion that our horse- were over-trained. " An Australian Ksctcg Man ~ (Mr. J. E. Savi;: . writing to the A Observer, eeenis to think that English trainers err on the other side, Referring to the condition w the horses that ran for the Ascot Cup. he says:—" \Ve etxxi at the sandling-paddock gate, waiting for the horses to come in, and saw each one unsaddled. They were all completely baked, blowing like grampuses and streaming with sweat, and all they had done was to ran two miles and a halt in five minutes by niy watch, and in foar minutes fiity-eight seconds and three-fifths by tne official t;me. Mr. Gordon Canning, Well known to many of your readers, was in ttte ground, arid I cannot better express my . sentiments than by using bis wc ris after the race, lie said, ' Well, after seeing two-mile , racing its Australia, a more ridicaJess farce i than two-mile racing in England cannot pos- i eibly be imagined.: That training as an art ; ia at the present time in England a thing un known there can be no question. As a busi ness it is thoroughly understood. The prin c.pal training stables are merely enormous, I'.very stables, carrit j on in the roanner most incaure to the proprietor, and calculated to give him the least trouble: As many horses ■ as p.-esible ate obtained, and they are: exercised otice a day, then they are} tried, and the best ran. itraizht c.r other-, wise—often otherwise. Oi course a man , could keep a hundred hacks iu just the same way, and try them and ran the (.-est. . . ! Going to see the Leicestershire Handicap, Mr. havill continues :—'"I met a sportins reporter who had been on the Australian i press. C'noe when we had met before be had . not been quite agreed with some oi toy ideas ' on Enzijsh racing Australian, so I ; said, 'Now. see meet hereon capital; ground, and can fight our battle again.' lie ; pointed to Prism generally admitted to be a very fine horse, and said, ' Where in Ans- ' traiia did you ever see such a borne as that Y Prism is a chestnut with a high crest and ' thick neck, and. altogether, is more like a j carriage-horse than a racehorse, at least to ! ay wind, but nevertheless is considered by I some to be one o: the finest horses in j England. As I t-.ld Mr. , 1 think, rhat L>arebiti or Commotion would look ! pretty well by the side of him, espe-1 cially ii it came to weighing-in, I then i tackled him ^on English training, and j said tbusly'Now. as yoa were a sport- i ing reporter in Australia you naturally eaw j a good deal oi the game, and arc- in a posi-1 tiou to gi ve an answer to the question I am ! about to ask. Supposing that any one of j! these horses now walking round us, and which are supposed to be as fit as hands can ; make them, was put down upon tiie Fleming. I ton course to an in a race do yoa think any j member oi the Australian public couid be * found to back a horse in each condition":'! He replied, " So. honestly, 1 don't think they j would: but then in Australia all jour horses 1 are overtrained.' I said, 'Then, can you teli ! me how it is, it our horses are overtrained, i that when we run one in any big race short i of work, or in anything approaching to the fat state these animals walking round ns 1 a*® in. we are in variably beaten ont of ( sight? This question remains unanswered ; up to the present time, and is likely to." i Pacing men must not forget that the i entries for the Elsternwick-park meeting' close at 4 p.m. on Mondav next The pro-1 gramme is varied [and literal, and de serves the favourable notice of owners in j general. Chief among the events is the i Shareholders'Cop, value 100 so vs., with 200 ' so*®- sdaed. 'J his is a handicap of one mile S and a furlong and a half. The Hurdle Race ! oi 70 sovs. and Steeplechase of 100 sovs. are other events that will attract some attention, and, with minor events to make up the bill ot fare, there should be a good time at Elsternwick-park on r-t. Patrick's Day. ' Entries for the Glenelg meeting close with the bon. secretary, Mr. D. G. Williams, at' o p.m. on Wednesday next, March 3. 1 The Sydney Cap is a race which is as j popular with Victorian racing men as it is with those of the sister colony, and 1 would i rmiDd them thai entries close at 4 p.m. on A\ ednesday next, March 3. I The attention of racing men is directed to ' the programme of tbe Lalranald Race Club ! which appears this week. The prin-■ opal item is the Balranald Handicap of 100 sovs., and this and the Hurdle Race and Grand Stand Handicap close with the bon. secretary, Mr. H. B. jefierson, on the 22ud March. . On Monday next, Messrs. Cfampbell, Pratt, ?r ' m conjunction with Messrs. W G Ywlle and Co-, will dispose of, at Kirk's I Bazaar, a number of huuters, weight-carry-j ing hacks, &c.;, recently imported from New Zea land. i Tbehurdleracer Young Horatio has arrived i from Tasmania. Among the visitors from New South Wales is Mr. Edward tee, and Messrs. W. Forrester, W. Gannon, \V. Hall,and a number of others have arrived to assist af the V.K.G autumn gathering. The Williamstown meeting was a great success, and passed off without the slightest witti afaydew''ePt ^ pecnliat tactica adopted Five events are contained in the Ballarat programme for Easier Monday, commencing ; a Hurdle Race of 75 soys., next to which comes the Easter Handicap ol 75 sovs, one milt Then follows a Selling Race of 75 sovs. To the Steeplechase, which is two miles, a sum of 100 sovs. has been added, and the wind-up is the Trial Stakes of 25 sovs. Nominations close at the V.R.C. office at 4 p.m., and with the hon. secretary, Mr. A 3L Greenfield, at 8 p.m. on Monday, April % H1., I*»V5ble that the Ballarat Hunt C/iap will hold a meeting in September to wind tip me banting Benson, and the II. T.C Spring Meeting is fixed for the 3rd and 4th of December. The following acceptances and general entries ate due daring ifhe coming week: Entries for the Maiden Plate and Selling Bace of the Chiltem XI, C., on March l; general entries for the Wimmera T.C., March 1; Melton entries m March 1; acceptances aod general entries for the Albnry B.G.. J Koondrook T.C., acceptances and entries, March i-, MrmmaXC., J&t; the handh^tos and trot, March tpmMRC, (N.S.W.). on 9 for the ua^saater meeting, ! March r. acceptances and general entries for the Kerartg T.C. on March & On Monday there ought to be a rml . gathering at Moonee Valley. Mr. Cox has provided a c&$stxl programme. which opens j with the Maiden Plate, i;r which Mistral, i Kenneth, and Bosmond mar fili the places. | Lonis 11. having won a race is not qualified ; to ran. Shosl<f Snip and Squireen start lot i the Selling Race one or the other should win. ; Pelaxaia, Honors, and A oh met look the best , upon paper for the Visitors' Handicap, : Uranus and Trishna tor the second Selling f Race, Royal Maid and Larington for the Corinthian Handicap, sni Preette, I'elaaiia, and Honors :-.-i the March Handicap. There will hs an important sale o. thorough bred st-.-ck at Tasiersail's Bazaar, Exh:bition j street, en Monday, when the whole of Mr. C. t Halt's horses in training will be submitted to auction. The string includes The Agent, Sl John. The Vagabond, Jocular, and others ■ well-known upon the tort* of Australia. On the same day Messrs. Yuiiie and Co. y;li submit Mr. D. S. Wallace's horses in training, ! iticluuir.g C'hackster, Essie, and Waterloo. Sussex, the best all-round horse, perhaps, Australia ever produced, is to be sold by ' auction cm the same day as the Oienonnistcn stud. Mr. J. R. Cowell, who bss been on a trip i to America, returned to Melbourne on Wed nesday, looking all the better for the change. There w;s only a moderate gathering of turfmen at the Bundoorn-park sale on Thurs ; day. Httd the result was several buyers ob tained bargains. 1 thought the colt by The jf-r.r'jui-: trotn ci.'verniine. purchased by the • Hon. W. Pearson, was one ot the cheapest yearlings ever sold, and the Angler—Psyche ' colt, The Hook—Device filly, Quatnbone— Listener idly, and Angler—Calumny fitly were cheap enough if only for breeding purposes. Mr. Peppsn also got a useful filly in the daughter of Mazurka, and Mr. W. Lang pur chased one of his old favourite line in the colt ty Angler from Heroine. Three sons of 'Hie Marquis were passed in without eliciting ; a Lid, but, after they were sent to their boxes, ; a desire was expressed to have thera put up again. Lui Mr. Gardiner very properly refused ' to hate thera brought into the ring again. They are from young mares, and are three very promising colli. I Leiiere it is Mr. ; Gardiner's intention to have them trained, ' and I shall not be st all surprised to see one ; . of them emulate the deeds of New-minster I or His Lordship, ?icouple of the most brilliant , two year olds that ever trod turf in Ans-; trail's. , The great eun Malna arrived at Flemington ] on Wednesday evening, and on Thursday he made his appearance on the training tracks. I He looked big and well, and was as gay as a ; lark. He was sent twice round steadily with j neck sweaters on, and moved as well as ever. Mr. C. S. Guest has forwarded a neat little book containinz the programme and nomina- j tiong for the principal events of the Hawkes bury autumn meeting. I notice that Messrs. Miller and J. Wilson have youngsters en-! gaged in the Claret btsfces, and I would re- j mind thpni that they will have to declare forfeit on or before the Monday preceding! the first day of die meeting. j One of the best looking Arabs that have ever been imported to Australia is Crusader, I who is now on view at Kirk's Bazaar. He is i a bay. with ail the Arab character, but bigger I than tlie general run of the sons of the j desert In India lie was a capital performer, j and aftm winning n nnmticr rii races hail to ' and after winning a number of races bad to be fired, the marks of the operating iron j being plainly visible upon his forelegs. I Mr. W. Blackler arrived from Adelaide on j Thursday, and brought the Fulham- park I yearlings with him. Richmond has stamped j some of the colts with his own image, and j the son of Ruby is one that is bound to com-; mand the attention of racing men generally, j Sheet Anchor, Britisher, and Huntsman ; arrived from Ballarat yesterday, and Off Colour, Ringmaster, and First ITince from St. Albans. The excellent bill of fare provided for the March meeting of tiie Victoria Amateur Turf ; Club will require the attention of racing men ! ou Monday. The fist comprises a Maiden I Plate of a mile for two years old and up | wards, Hurdle Race of 120 sova. St Hilda ' Cup oi 290 so vs., Selling Race of 150 so vs., | Steeplechase of 200 so vs.. and the South ! Varra Handicap of 100 sovg. As no time has ! Ijeen fixed for receiving entries, nominations | lodged before midnight will be adroissable. ; This was done in order to give visitors to | Moonee Valley an opportunity to nominate I with Mr. Bond, who will be present to re | ceive entries. I ScsATcmro-.—V.R.C—Essenden Slakes—Highland j Chief, Duration, Monte Christo, Mat-block, L'ralla, Welcome Jack, Ebony, Molua. Hopeful Stakes— Elondin, Kenneth, Cetlong. Brunswxk Stakes— Wentroorc. Kohai, Monte Chrieto, Matchlock, Uralia, | Discord, Welcome Jack, Grace Darling; Winchester, Hcneydew, Jocular, Diander, The Agent Madcap, Minerva. Coiir.lbian Cup—Mauallok. Sires' Produce Stakes—Vovon; La Crosse, SteepJechase—Slernder. Bourke Handicap—Corday. Autumn Handicap— Kohai. Free Handicap—KohaL Champion Stakes Monte Christo, Vetcimiov, Maroondah, remcdc. The lVm.il, King's Own, Cardigan. Abncr, Qarcodon, Sunny Days, Itufus, Metal. Garfield, Fitx-Tubal, Par wan, Carah, Cairo, Algerian, iron race, Selkirk, Man chester, Lorelei. Airengagements—Coronet, Stafford, Mistake, Merman, P.P., Advance, The Ghost, Van guard, Thunderbolt, Seaweed, Preston, The Peucil. 