Items. Fire. Ghost Fairies. ODeretta. To-night. Accidents. Fine weather. Business change. Nearly a big fire. A new auctioneer. 'Fallen fortunes.' Another rifle match. More dogs poisoned. Who shoi the ghost ? Rally up ! footballers. Bread, work, or blood ! Exodus as great as ever. New tale in fourth page. Dogs a nuisance at Burra. Pigs a nuisance at Hallett The social riots in London. France will have the New Hebrides. Reorganization of our military forces. Taxation returns sent in to date 14,666, Mr. P. Gillespie and little Lacy tonight Football meeting on Monday night next Excitement in Lower Thames-street War between Greece and Turkey imminent. Rats doing mischief at Bulloo Downs, NSW. Railway receipts one-third less than last year. A lad ten years of age killed by a Melbourne tram. Mr. Gower, S.M., retires at the end of this month. Railway to Victorian not to be opened tOl May 1st. Received — Henry Sewell's Payneham Nur sery seed catalogue. Main roads in the Midland District cost .£613 per mile to make. General meeting of Burra Football Club Monday evening next. Dog owners should take the hint and keep their dogs chained up at night South Australia joins in the protest against French advances in the Pacific Messrs. Jenkin Coles, Handyside, and J. C. F. Johnston, M.P.s, in Victoria. It has been proposed to send British in dustrial school children to the colonies. Railway accident on the Little Zig-zag, in New South Wales. Several persons injured.' Four hundred bushels of oats seized coming across the border from Victoria to South Aus tralia. Constable Ryan, of Sandhust, Victoria is missing. Believed to have been murdered by the Chinese. Our Parliament disgraced by one of its members ; — at least just now one scandal is made public Kapunda Agricultural Society has a valuable property and a .very small debt How about the Buira Society ? The Ship Astronomer, with wheat from Wallaroo to England, has been totally wrecked off the Welsh Coast. Rifle match between 10 men of B. Troops of Mounted Rifles and 10 of Burra R.V.F Com pany next Wednesday. A crowded meeting in the Adelaide Town Hall resolved to ask the Premier to call Par liament together at once. Two children burnt to death in New Zea land, being left at home alone by their parents. The house was destroyed. A committee of shareholders appointed with power to negotiate for amalgamation of Com mercial Bank with some other. Tradespeople rally round the Eapnnda Agricultural Society, but Burra tradespeople let their society severely alone. Directors of Commercial Bank to be pro ceeded against for damages caused by tile publication of a false balance-sheet A man in Sydney attempted to kill a girl who had refused his addresses, but only wounded her in the cheek. He then shot himself dead. At Bordertown some arsenic was bv mistake with flour in making pancakes, and three per sons who ate them are dead, and several others ill. South Australian taxpayers pay .£57,000 a year interest on loan money spent on main roads beside maintenance .£100,000 a year. No revenue returned. Mr. Coles told the Victorians that South Australian finances were not in an alarming condition, and we could easily sell enough Crown lands for cash to pay off the whole of our national debt if we liked. ' Oxoniensis' in the Register justly makes merry at the idea of Mr. Cumberland's politi cal aims, and regret that the chief political and military men of the colony should have allowed a travelling entertainer to use them to help him to amuse an audience. The Central Road district has 724 miles oF road made and 378 unmade ; the Midland, 227 miles made and 204 unmade ; the North Mid land, 140 miles made and 268 unmade ; the Northern, 90 miles made and 491 unmade ; the Flinders, 133 miles made and 295 unmade ; the Peninsula, 335 miles made and 190 unmade ; the Victoria, 166 miles made and 106 unmade ; and the Albert 212 miles made and 165 unmade. The average cost of construction per mile is, for all the boards, £818, at which rate it will take £1,717,800 to complete the declared length of line in the eight districts still unmade. 