THE HUNDRED BOOKS QUES TION; To tfir Editor or Tun Hhbald. Rut,— The hundred book idea is borrowed from M. Comte, who published his list oq " ths 3rd Datte, J6." For tbs promoters of a work- logman's library or oollsgs the question is not 01 much importance nnleea it is their intention to limit the number of books in the library to tbe "century," or (like M. Comte) to burn ell othsr literature when thsy have made their choice Nevertheless, if your space will admit I would make a few remarks suggested by the lists furnished by your contributors. 1\. Not the mere text of tbe Bible (which everyone hM) is wanted in a library, but e few good commentaries which may enable the Bible reeding workingmsn to under stood whet ho roede, end save himself and bis friends from tha nonsenM of ignorant interpre ts! ion. How many students of the utiannotat'd Bible can oorreclly explain St. Peal's words, "I know nothing by myself, yet em I not horoby justified ?" 2\. Kxclade the works of thet six- fingered Philistine, Smiles. Ths working men hM only to look around him to see many instance) of men who by good lack, resolution, end too often elasticity of conscience, have risen from the laboring class to wealth and power. He will not need the worke of Mr Smiles to prove that. But Is this rise from one class to mother to l>e the idea! aim of the studies of th0 working man? It is a beso ideal. Moreover the means tend to defeat the end, for tbe ad vantage which superior rducstlon now gives to tbe few must diminish with more general diffa sicn of knowledge. 3\. Exclude the works of Maraulaly, as rank a Philistine lu his way as Mr Smiles ; or keep them to afford the intelligent working man who reads MacauUly's panvgyrios of the machinery of ths ballot box and ths spouting- house, and compares tbsm with ths existing reality, the pleasure of feeling how mnch more he knows about it than did the historian. 4\. What is to be said about a list of philoso phical works, the solid centre of which consists of the writing of Lscky, Buckle and Draper ? Tbs Goetter ; Ths School of Hlnmina- natioo is generally supposed to be deed, but it would seem that the ghost still walks. Give the workingman something worthy of the name of philosophy, e g.t good translations of Pluto, Kant, Hegel, Schopenhauer, and E. von Hartmann. «>» abb Ww»s translation suggests a remark The capability of any work for translation depends, not on the genius of the author, but ou tbs relative importance of ito matter and its form. A philosophical or historical work can be translated without loss ; not so a poem, unless the genius of the translator be equal 4a 4li.«f A! IKA nfchnf.T Mffllill. SlP. TA11PI. d'cf, B.A. (Melbourne). 