AV French HiMterical Cihost «tory OîîCE upon a time-that is, towards the close of the Inst century-the forest of Scnart did not possess a better reputation than the forest of Bondy bas enjoyed in our days. One tine night in the summer of 1799 the diligence from Paris to Melun had just entered tho alice which traverses the entire length of the forest-centennial oaks whoso thick branches shroud the road in darkness. Tho rotunda and coupe of tho old-fashioned vehicle were full ; inside were two travellers, and on the imperiale a pro- vincial tenor made tho woods echo to his song. In such a situation no ono seemed to run tho least risk, and the diligence pro- ceeded gently at a walking pace. On arriving near Corheil the driver shook up his horses and made tho stones of the sleepy town rattle. At tho relay office tho guard got down and invited the not unwilling pas- sengers to partake of refreshments. Tho latter,, nothing loth to nccedo to tho pro- posal, descended from their perch, looked at one another, yawned, and counted their numbers.,,. .".Hullo!" cried the conductor, " what has become of my two inside pas- sengers ?"" Don't torment yourself, gov- ernor," said the tenor, "they will turn up, your travellers, and tho wolf will not have devoured " them." " Parbleu, 1" rejoined a notary on his way to Melun; "why, just before entering the forest I leaned over to offer them a. pinch of snuff at the window." The conductor searched in vain. No trace of the travellers was to bo found. Tho diligence Had to start again without picking up the missing pair. A few days after this surprising incident the police weat to inform M. Môhul, Professor at tho Conser- vatoire, of the disappearance of his old friend, Monsieur X. Nothing had been seen of him since the evening on which he had stepped into the diligence for Melun in the Cour des Messageries. The news caused profound grief to the celebrated musician. All the researches he made to discover his friend remained fruitless. So strange an occurrence could not but greatly disturb the composer,, who spoke and thought of it incessantly-rso much so, that he lost appe- tite and sleep. One night, when tossing in bed, the ! clock of St. Koch having just struck two, the moon, shining through the half-opened shutters, threw its rays on the figure of a queer little hunchback holding in his crooked hands a roll of cord. Mebul rubbed his eyes and raised himself on bia pillow,, endeavouring to convince himself that, he was not the victim of nightmare. The hunchback waa still there close to the bed, and the terrified musician was about to inquire tho reason of this singular appari- tion, when suddenly his tongue clove to the roof of his mouth, his hair stood ou end, and a shudder passed through his frame. Be- hind the little figure with the crooked hands he descried the white shadowy outline of his missing friend, whose faint glance seemed directed towards him. The next instant a passing cloud hid the moon from sight, and the vision vanished. On waking in tho morning, when trying to collect his thoughts, tho suspicion that it must have been a dream forced itself upon his mind. And yet how vividly he recalled the whole scene. " I could have sworn," he said, " that I saw my poor friend looking at me sadly, and making signs to me. But what could the little . hunchback have to do there?" Gradually, however, the remem- brance of the phantom, which 'he did not dare to relato to his wifo, disappeared from Méhul's mind, and if he sometimes thought of his lost friend, he forgot to associate him with his vision. Five years elapsed. Im- perial Casar had ascended the throne of the King of France, and all the world was abroad at the rejoicings that marked the close of one of the troubled stages of the national annals. Méhul and his wife, fol- lowed by their children, stood admiring, like good citizens, the illuminations in the Champs Elysees. All of a sudden he felt some one tugging at the skirts of his coat. Turning sharply round, the composer seized the hand of the pickpocket,-whose crooked fingers and misshapen form recalled a familiar appearance. Where had he seen them before ? While holding the man in his grasp, the recollection of the phantom flashed across his mind. But in the pre- sence of the Commissaire de Police, Méhul shrank from giving vent to his suspicions. How was it possible to accuse a man of a murder on tho ' evidence of a dream? Nevertheless, it was only with an effort that tho musician refrained from telling his strange story. All night, while lying on his bed, with half-open shutters, the moon shone forth as five years before, and the clock of St. Hoch gave forth the hour of two. Just at that instant a white shadow emerged from the' luminous rays at the win- dow, and a sepulchral voice murmured, " Avengo me, my friend ; avenge me." This time tho composer of "L'Irats." no longer hesitated. " Yes, dear f riend, I will avenge thee." " Forthwith he repaired to .the Polico-station of tho Champs Elysées and related what he had seen. If it Had been any one less important than the maitre de chapelle oí the Emperor the Commissaire would have dismissed the bearer .of so strange a message as a lunatic; but the official listened gravely to his story. A keen examining magistrate was employed to ferret out the secret of the Hunchback. It transpired that during the Reign of Terror the man belonged to an association known as the Tape-dur (strike hard). After the collapse of the Committee of Public Safety portions of this band betook themselves to the highway for a living, which our friend the hunchback preferred to following his trade of a tailor. Through the indiscretion of a servant ho hod heard that Mehul's friend was going to Melun to pay into the hands of a notary the price of a country house he hod bought, in which he hoped to spend the remainder of his days. Taking advantage of his lonely situation, the bandit strangled the other occupant of the diligence, and dissapeared with His body, which he buried in the forest. A less sentimental jury than is to be met with nowadays con- demned the murderer to the scaffold. Such was tho story related tho other day in a Parisian boudoir by the grandson of a Mar- shall of France, who heard it from Móhul Himself. The imprimatur of " Mary Sum mer IB given to this legend. ?Lecas Mercury -jorresponaenc 