THE V.R.C. GRAND NATIONAL A MEETING. Visitors to Flemington on Saturday last had the assurance of, the executive e of the Victoria Racing Club that this would be the grandest steeplechase meeting ever held in the Southern Hemisphere in view of large entries and the promise of fine weather, the club no doubt felt fully justified in making some such announcement. And although Saturday was in some respects the worst of the succession of exceptionally fine days experienced during the week, the prophecy of the club was realised, the attendance being in excess of that of any preceding Grand National day, and the racing good and free from serious accident Early visitors to the course found a thick fog hanging about the river flats and the white fence on the further side of the pear shaped course was entirely lost in mist. The fog lifted towards 1 o'clock, but even when the first race was run the colours were only faintly visible to the naked eye when the horses were furthest from the grand stand, and they were not easily picked out even with a field glass. Everywhere about the course there are signs of preparation for the Spring Meeting, and an attendance to overtax the resources of Flemington a few months hence must be great indeed The appearance of the ground showed effects of the want of winter rains All the grass lands are brown and bare Flemington equally with the farming districts has suffered from the droughts for the time the defect could be overlooked as lessening the possibility of accident in the case of the jumping races, and promising fast time and good finishes. Thereis}etnmple time for the course to gain the pleasant aspect that gene only charms the eye at noon on Derby Day Amongst the visitors were His Excellency the Governor, Lady Loch, and a large party in the viceregal box The attendance appeared to have been considerably under- estimated by the Railway department At Spencer street there was much crushing for tickets at the few pigeon holes from which they were doled out, and an even more determined struggle for the possession of the railway carriages as they were brought along side the platform As to the return journey the defects e railway arrangements occasioned a vast amount of announce and discomfort. At one time after the last race there was an inmate of unaccountably long duration between the departure of one train and the next, and the platform meantime became overcrowded. unseemly struggles for entrance to the subsequent trams occurred, and many ladies stood on the platform for 10 or 50 minutes quite unable to gain access to the carriages and exposed to th e dancer of occasional violent rushes The serious inconvenience and risk which were endured in this way must have suggested to those in charge of the arrangements at Flemington the urgent necessity of adopting there the excellent system which is carried out at Spencer street of setting apart a separate entrance and section of the platform for Indies and the gentlemen accompanying them At times, when the traffic is made quitely provided for, as on Saturday, some such means of protection against the crush for those who need it most seems to be lm passively demanded Although the railway authorities failed in their estimate of the public requirements for the day, the club caterer, Mr Straker, was on the whole nearer the mark as regards the usual excellent luncheon, which was well spread and well served in the rooms beneath the stand Had the upper refreshment rooms been as well looked after and as amply supplied many strong complaints would have been avoided But in this case also it does not appear to have been foreseen that there would be an unusually large gathering, nor yet was it borne in mind that the strain on this particular department is always greatest in winter, when very few people care for al ft each luncheons in the carriage paddock or lawn the music of the Australian Military Band, under the baton of Signor Zelman, pleasantly filled up the brief intervals between the races the Held for the Maiden Hurdle Race did not compare favourably with that of last year when Hippognfl proved the best of It starters Now only eight saddled, and in public estimation the race was merely a match between Sir Launcelot and Mackay If the latter had known more about the hurdles his superior pace would have made him favourite, but he was considered weak in this respect, and Sir Launcelot carried most money For about a mile and a half Jlaiimtl went so well that he promised to stretch the necks of the favourites at the finish, but he was not equal to the last quarter of a mile, and, as was expected, the issue was left to Sir Launcelot and Mackay Malone had got the latter going in a rush that must have carried him in front of the favourite, but he tried to gallop through rather than over the last hurdle, and had not the woodwork gave way he must have come down 'The shock staggered him and before Malone could pull him together for another dish it w is too late As it was, he got within three quarters of a length of the winner at the finish though Carey had eased the latter at the time, stung that victory was a certainty Hobart was the other placed horse There were six starters for the Maiden Steeplechase, long one less than last year, and some of them, though never having won a steeple chase were by no means youngsters Per hope the best thing about Consternation was that the name seemed to indicate Panic blood Andy moved in a slovenly fashion, and with the exception of Wickliffe who in general appearance was not unlike Denmark the first appeared on this course the rest were for style a somewhat poor lot Under the circumstances it was notsurpri King that no one cared to back anything but A\ icklilTe, who started at even money, and won just as he liked Sir Robert, War Dance, mil Consternation all fell, and trooper was too slow to keep within even chasing distance of the favourite or Andy, which got second place A held on 11, or one more than last years, remained in the Grand National Hurdle Race, and after luncheon there was a general desire to get a glimpse at the favourites. Sheet Anchor was rounder and more symmetrical than as an The Cup winner was as gay as possible, and admitting his ability to jump, life of winning the Grand National Hurdle Race seemed almost a certainty Duration was, for c image, the finest horse in the paddock, and Burned stout and well enough to carry any Height Ditto, although in excellent condi- turn, was rather small for such company Hub), while low is a stout squarely built mare, of a type that generally lasts to the end of a three mile race. OCPUH cnrMi.. H ric« her, is another of those that gallop on when much faster horses are beaten, and had a little more been known about him his per feet c condition must have gained him a Bound support at the liberal odds offered If there was any other horse in the race entitled to notice it was Grattan, in whose condition there was a marked change for the better. His part), however, thought poorly of his chances although having Batty to ride him When they were set going the light weight J\ old Dog made most of the running, but Sheet Anchor was in a good position at the in aid of the field all the way). In the first round the favourite jumped well, but the second circuit was of a more slow enl)|kind, and a series of slight mistakes possibly lost him the race All,; the river side he hit a hurdle sharp!), and slowed down for a time. At the back he came once more, and after being nearly run off, he again jumped low, with the customary) result of seeming to sulk for a time after striking Once again IIIB pace and condition brought him to the front and he WICH rapidly drawing on Ocean, when he again struck the last hurdle in the straight, and finally lost all chance of winning Ocean, who was well in the sun all through took the lead as the horses came past the suds for the last time, and although club) came well when called on at the (man, she had not enough pace to catch Ocean, who carried Ferguson home a winner us eleven!) as The Agent did in the same rice 12 months ago Ocean, who is by Li Falkirk, was bred by Mr Chirnside, and li is » on several races in the Western dis- feet A few months ago he ran so close a Bicunl [or the Hamilton Cup that most people thought he had won it, and at the same meeting he again got second in a handy map All that need be said in favour of his trainer is that Ocean, when he came back to the paddock, was as dry) almost as when he 'felt it Sheet Anchor was a good deal cut about the lies, and showed the effects of having hit the hurdles very hard. The only mistake made' was by Distiller, who when Rain; well can romula hurdle and knocked J as a spectator standing close to the Jump 1 be 12 horses starting for the Steeplechase were. not the finest held either in numbers or quain), that Mr Watson has sent away for the event For condition the three best were Game, Reticent and Lady Ashton J he Former, while having more than once Carried Corrigan very successfully over hurdles, was new to big fences, although nothing that training could do to enable him to get over the trying course safely, had been left undone. His pace was admittedly superior to that of any other horse in the race, and his condition was perfect, so that it became merely a question of standing up, yet the stable were much less confident than they had been about Sheet Anchor. Reticent, who won the Maiden Steeplechase 12 months ago, was well brought out, and Lady Ashton had nothing but her weight to interfere with her running. Studley was much finer than when he won last in this colony, but his appearance was not improved by it Outside the three first mentioned. Native was the only other horse who seemed equal to the Grand National standard In the race Native, Game, and Lady Ashton were in the front division all through the mare, in the hands of Mr. M'Culloch, being much more tractable than usual. All the horses completed the first round safely ; but in the second, Charcoal, Bob Cooper, and Spangle in turn came down. The favourite jumped exceedingly well, and a slight collision with Roulette in front of the stand was the only mistake he made. Coming into the straight Lady) Ashton, Game, and Native were in front, and as it was then a question of pace only, the favourite won as he pleased by half a dozen lengths from Native. Corrigan, like Ferguson, thus repeated his last year's performance, when he brought Wymlet home a winner On Saturday his victory was a popular one, and the rider was loudly cheered. Of those who came down, Power, an Adelaide rider, who had the mount on Charcoal, was taken to the jockey s room in the ambulance, but beyond a badly) bruised hand was not injured. The others remounted and rode in. Only five started for the Selling Race, Fusilier being favourite Problem was in excellent con- lines, however, and King had no difficulty in winning with him OnbeingoUeredutuuction, the horse brought 165 guineas, the purchaser being Mr. P.P. Gordon, and the whole of the amount went to the club. The day's racing wound up with a mile flat race, for which there was an excellent field of 19 runners. Out of these backers picked at least half a dozen probable winners and backed them For once Duke of Athol got away on fair terms with the rest of the horses, and as he showed in front shortly after the start no one expected to see him caught again. O'Brien, who rode a desperately hard race on Garden, however, judged his time admirably, and bringing the mare alongside the 'lame man in the last few strides, pressed him on the rails, and snatched the victory from him by a head, as the result of very clever riding, Quintin Matsep got third place, The following are details of the day's racing: MAIDEN HURDLE RACE, Of 5 SOVS each, with 200 added, second horse, 25 Sovs ; third, 10 sovs. About two miles. Mr. W. barley's b g Sir Launcelot, by King Arthur -Poetess,! yrs, 6st 7lb (Carolyn Mr H. Oxenham's b g Mackay (late Silver King, aged, 10 it (Maloney Mr J Cripps's br h Hobart, 0 yrs, 10st 5lb. (il'Lood) 3 Mr T. JVaghten's br m Arganthone, 6 yrs, 10st 10lb (Scobie). Mr W. Radcliffe ns ch g Aristocrat, 60 yrs, 10st 7lb (M'lvor).0 Mr T Correy's br g Pyrrhus L, aged, 10st 7lb (Held). Mr T. Code) 's ch g Jooy, 4 yrs, 10st (Cree) 0 Mr. G. Glasscock ns br g Earimil, 3 yrs, 6st (McGowan) 0 Betting li to 4 agst Sir Launcelot, 5 to 2 agst Mackay). VA Itu the horses at the post on the further side of the course, it was difficult to pick out the colours thoughts to,:, the coral pink jacket on Aristocrat bein.'iilout visible Pyrrhus led away first from a good start, followed by Mackay), but the latter was in front as they passed over the first hurdle , P) rrlitis 1 , Corindi, Joe), and Hobart following him In order with Aristocrat list The places changed a good deal in the first quarter of a mile, and as they entered the straight Joe) was leading slight)) from Earimil and Arganthonc, P) Thus I, Hobart, and Mackay) Oiling the next three places. All the horses Jumped v. eli in the straight, but toning up the rh cr side Mackay) and Aristocrat fell still farther back, and seemed to be beaten Earimil, going well, was in the lead along this stretch, with P) Thus I, Jooy, Sir Launcelot, Hobart and Arganthono running in a string behind them At the back animal, still going well, kept the lead, and Hobart was making a demonstration at the same point, willie Vlacka), not yet beaten, threaded his way through the field. Just as they shot past the sheds Hobart deprived Earimil of the lead, and was followed by the latter and Pyrrhus I down towards the turn in Joey struck the lost hurdle outside the straight, and was nearly down, but his rider pulled him on his legs and kept goes; Over the last hurdle and wheeling for the gap Sir Launcelot rushed passed the others easily, and was followed into the straight b) Earimil, Hobart, and Mackay. The latter was galloping so well that he seemed certain of catching the ballarat horse. He, however, struck the hurdle in the straight sharply, and carried some of it was, the shock nearly putting him off his legs. Malone pulled him together sharply), and, with a rush at the finish, got within three quarters of a length of air Launcelot, but it was on sufferance only), as the latter was being steadied Hobart was third, three lengths, away, Earimil fourth, Arganthono firth, Aristocrat sixth, Joey next, and P) Thus I. last. Time, But 55. MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE, Of 5 sons each with "300 added Second horse "j son H third 10 song About two miles Mr G Buckley a but Wickliffe by Young Touch atone Athelstone aged, 9st 10lb (Cree) 1 Mr G L Whitehead and. Andy, 0 yes, but Dib (Allen) 2 Mr R 1 Povor'sgr g War Dance aged, 11st Dib (Gardiner) 0 Mr S. Miller's gr Sir Robert aged, list of Malone) 0 Mr J HarbotUos b c Consternation 4 by re 10st 10lb (Hill) 0 Mr T M Perridge s br g Trooper 4 yrs 10st Dib illegal) 0 Betting -Even on Wickliffe fair Hobart was the first to show in front after the start the homes all main., at an easy pace but both Lonatcr lation and Wickliffe passed him as they cleared the first of the fences. being a parallel with the might Over Uto stand treble the order was Wick Later Consternation and, Mr Robert War Office and Trooper The two (greys made a slight b or her at the palings but otherwise all the homes fenced veil in icklííTe who both jumped and galloped in much better style than any thing else in the race was in the lead along the back n id fire add the event seemed a certainty for after, the field way thinned out by the rail fences along the side. The first of them brought down War Dance at at the next jump Mr Millers troy and Condor action also full Wickliffe and At dr cut on close together with Trooper beaten off an fair Roberts who had been rumour and following. a lot of, fifty bells id Vt Wickliffe and Andy kept close foot or so and to the straight where the former moved out for a several lengths lead and And) won at of ice under the veil ip and b r Hobart were racing, for third place The former had most race but no third horse was placed by the Judge June Cm, has GRAND NATIONAL HURDLE RACE, Of 10 sovs. each with 400 added second, 50 sovs third J sovs About three miles. Mr W Moffatt b g Ocean by Lady; Kirk aged, 9st Jib. (thereupon) 1 Mr G O Brien brain Ruby aged, 10st 12lb (Owner) 2 Mr M Loughlin s br h Sheet Anchor, aged, 11st 10lb (Corrigan) 3 Mr J Cripp's br h Duration, G yrs 12st 7lb (M Leod) 0 Mr W lladcllffonabrhTantaliser, aged, 10st 8lb (Malone) 0 Mr S Miller s bg Kool) te, aged 10st 4lb (Watson) 0 Mr W iladclWo ma ch h Distiller, 6 yrs, 10st 8lb (M Ivor) 0 Mr li Chffuoy a br h Hilltop 6 yrs 10st 2lb (King) O Mr It. Manus ch h Grattan, 6 yrs 9st 10lb (Batt) 0 Mr I 1 Umuooda bh Ditto 6 yrs. mt 21 b (Williams) 0 Mr J li Hills b g Wild Dog, late The Joker, led Out. (Murdoch) 0 Betting, -o to 4 shaft Sheet Anchor, 0 to 1 agst Duration and Ruby 100 to 15 agst Hilltop 7 to 1 area Cool) to U to 1 agent Tantallscr and Ocean When the flag, fell Sheet Anchor, next the rails just ed away with the lead followed by Ditto Hilltop Grattan and Kool) to As they swept round the turn towards the river the places changed more that once Grattan and Ditto In turn 1 having the lead for a to v strides but half way up the side and as they approached the bridge, the light weight Wild Dog was taken out for a lead of several lengths and the others prominent at the head of the Hold wore Ocean m A O- A "-" " u Grattan no last horse was Tantallscr At the back Wild Dot Glad Ocean were still running first and second Huby had moved up to a bed place and behind her were Sheet Anchor Grattan Hilltop Duration and Ditto running in a line Lansing the sheds Distiller ran round the hurdle and knocked down a spectator standing near the shed, Later ing the ex rail, at the first six horses were Wild Dog Once n Hub) Grattan Sheet Anchor and Hilltop Coming down the straight He b3 went up into second place and Hilltop passed Sheet Anchor but the favourite was still galloping well within his 10 vers Ocean ran up level with Wild Dog, as they entered once more on the side stretch and the pair were followed by Ruby Kelly to Sheet Anchor Duration Tantallscr and Ditto with Hilltop falling back Sheet Anchor hit the hurdle near the bar go sharp!) and, In close quence seemed to be losing, ground for a while AS they got round to the back Ocean drew out and for the first time took a clear lead from Wild Dog while Hub) and Grattan-who passings 10 stand was now, QH a oil as an) thhiL. in the race-were the next pair A (good many thought Sheet Anchor beaten here but as they neared the sheds he was 11 taking, up his lost to Old again At the last hurdle before entering the straight after being nearly run out by Ocean he again struck and lost at least four lengths so t) at Ocean led him into the open As he was still going well the favourite looked like surviving his mishaps, but he hitUio last hurdle also and then died away leaving Ocean and Hub) to contest the finish The former proved by 11 self unquestionably the better of the pair at the weights and Ferguson repeated his last year's performance by ldiidlnB Ocean a sound winner by a length and a half Hub) being, three lengths in front of Sheet Anchor Grattan was fourth Duration fifth goal) to sixth V lid Dog and Ditto next close to gether and Tantallscr and Distiller the two last Hilltop who was beaten at the back of the course walked in Time 6m 33s GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE, Of lSo s.each with 600 added Second horse, 50 sovs. third 2sOVS About three miles Mr M Loukhlinsbg Game, by Panic, aged, 11st 10lb (Corrigan) 1 Mr E. Martin's b g Native, aged, 10st 8lb (Per (Jason) 2 Hon W Pearson s b in Lady Ashton, aged, list 5lb (Mr A M Bullock) 3 Mr 8 Millers be Studley 6yrs 12st (Watson) 0 Mr L. Weeks b g Bob Cooper, aged, just 111 (Boyd) 0 Mr C G Head a br g Reticent 5 yrs, 10st lb (Chaston) 0 Mr J Uurbottlesro g Roulette, 5 yrs, 10st 3lb. (M (Cowan) 0 Mr 6 1 Lawang kanaka, aged 9st 10lb (Creo) 0 Mr J Latta na br m Spangle aged 9st 10lb (J M Bulloch) in fl Mr J 1 The s br g Brown Eagle, aged 9st 8lb (J W Williams) 0 Mr S a Halles br g Charcoal 5 yrs 6st 7lb, carried 9st 111 (T Power) 0 Mr W Moran in Nuisance, aged, 9st 7lb (A. Williams) 0 Betting -3 to 1 agst Game 11 to 2 nest Studley li to 1 agst Hetlceut 13 to 2 agst Lady Ashton, 10 to 1 agat Native and Spangle, 12 to 1 aged Roulette, IE! to 1 agit Brown Eagle and Charcoal As soon as they ranged up in line, the word was Rivers, ant) Native jumped away with the lead, Bob Cooper, Brown Savin, and Kanaka being next behind him, and Lady Ashton, contrary to her usual custom, galloping lost. As they approached the first jump Charcoal rushed out and gave the field a load over it, while NatUo, Brown Eagle, Game, Roulotto Kanaka, Bob Cooper and Lady Ashton leaped behind him in the order named, with Spangle tailing off At the bridge Roulette was galloping- alongside Charcoal, with Game, Brown Eagle, II of tier fit, and Kanaka all close at hand Along the back Native was taken to the front, and had, Ashton also improved her position materially. As they passed the abattoir! the order in the loading group was NatUc Charcoal, and Lady Ashton, then came Game and Reticent side by side, with Brown Eagle, Bob Cooper, and Kanaka next. The only alteration in the position of the leading horses as they passed the sheds and come round the bend was that Game passed Lady Ashton and moved up third At the first of the line of fences along the straight Charcoal struck and rolled over his rider, Pen or being lifted into the ambulance carriage when the other horses had passed Native, Lady) Ashton, and Game were thus left ailing the very first places Brown Eagle hit the palings heavy Hy, and was thrown to one side, but kept on his legs Native and Lady Ashton went side by side over the stone wall and the logs, but at the first of these fences Came and Iteuletto came into collision in the air, and, although they were both knocked out of their stride neither suffered much through the mistake The leaders kept their places until the bridge was reached, when Bob Cooper fell At this point the order was Native, Lady Ashton, Game, Reticent, Roulette, Kanaka, Brown Eagle, Studio), and Spangle with nuisance lost. Studley had remained in the rear for the first round, but after crossing the logs he tried for a better position. Atom.' the back Lady Ashton went past Nathe, and showed the way, but before they got to the studs the latter was in front again The horses as they now showed In line after the leader were Lady Ashton and Game close together, then the green jacket of Kanaka with Roulette, Spangle, studley. Reticent, and Brown Eagle next In order The rail fence in the bend brought down Spangle, and after the field crossed the last jump Lady Ashton rushed out and was the first through the gap into the straight As soon as Game challenged her, however, the mare was beaten, and from the pace made by the Dowling Forest course it was evident that nothing could reach him Native made an effort, and was ridden right out, but the punishment was unnecessary and useless for as the cheers were raised (or Corrigan-who Uko Ferguson, was repeat- ing his victory in the last Grand National Steeple chase Game came home a comfortable w timor by five lengths, Native, who was casing up, being a length in front of Lady Ashton Rctlcotit was fourth, Kanaka fifth, Studley sixth, Brown Eagle seventh, Goulette and Nuisance next, and Spauglo, who had been remounted, lost. Time, tim. 483. SELLING HURDLE RACE, Of 3 sets, each with 150 added Winner to be sold for £50 Quo mile and a half and a distance. Mr W Little s b g Problem, by Bonnie- Carlisle, nil 6 yrs 10st. 2lb (King) . pair T Colley s cUg deep. nil, 4 yrs, 9st. 10lb (A Smith) ! Mr S Nathan's the Fusilier, nil, aged, list. (Hojd) j Mr J B Milla I) f 219 Dog (late The Joker), nil, aged list. (Murdoch) I Mr A Davies a ch g Louis nil, 4 yrs, 6st 10lb (Chaston) I Betting -5 to 4 agst Fusilier 2 to 1 agst Problem Fusilier was the first in motion when the word was! given but when the horses settled in their places the order was Joey Fusilier, Wild Dog, Problem and Louis Along; the river side Fusilier and Wild Doe; were in the lead running abreast but Louis raced up to them as they reached the bridge, and after passing this point he showed clear in front with Joey near and 1 problem last Along the back Louis ran round a hurdle and Fusilier went on with the lead Problem made an effort here and when they posse 1 the sheds, he was treading closely upon the heels of a miller As they came into the straight Problem drew out from Fusiliers, and the chesnut was at on - under the whip. Joe) challenged In his place, he had not space enough to come on terms with I could who won easily by five lengths, Fusilier being To same distance behind Joey, and Wild pot; last. Time Jin OJs The winner on being offered for sale was bought by Mr P J Gordon for 100 guineas. PLAT RACE, Of 5 sons. each with 150 added One mile Mr C W (Lyon a b m Gardenia by King of the ill ne' -Hour-dcLiB 6yrs 7st. 111 (0 Brien) Mr T Jennings's li Duke of Athol, 6 yrs, 7st. 2lb (Brown Mr W E: Dakin s cb h Quintin Matsep, 6yrs, 8st -lb (Power) Mr J I Saqui by Plausible, 0 ) rs, SsL She. (room) Mr h. Hamilton s b h Meteor, 6 yrs, 8st. 7lb, In cluding 7lb penalty (Moore) Mr J B Reid's ch g The Ghost, aged, Sat 5lb (J Williams) Mr I U Cully s br li Middleman, 6 yrs, 8st 3lb (Robertson) Mr R. Baldwin's b m Medea, 0 yrs, 8st., Including 7lb penalty (Pate) Mr T Jones s bro- Bohemian, i yrs, 7st 7lb (Hughes) Mr T Coffey's bro KlUwa, 3 yrs, 7st 10lb. (A. Smith) Mr S Nathan's ch f Straight Shot, 4yrs 7st 10lb (Williamson) Mr M Jacobs sha Sunny Days, 3 yrs, 7st 8lb (Redfearn) Mr O Barnett's br m Lesbia, 6 yrs, 7st. 7lb (Hutchens) Mr le K. Maitland s b or br g Stafford, 6 yrs, 7st 2lb (Fiddes) Mr 1LG Talbots like Kohai, 3 yrs, 7st 4lb (G Williams) Mr M Loughlin s b o Oakleigh, 3 yrs, 7st 3lb (Fallon) Mr u Barnett s b g The king's Son, 6 9s, Oats (carried 7st.) (Bruce) Sir W J Clarke's bro- Menotti, 2 J re, 9st. 2lb. (Harrison) Betting -6 to 1 agst The Ghost 0 to 1 (at first 10 to 1) agst Middlemarch 0 to 1 agst Lesbia 100 to 16 best straight-out 7 to 1 agst Stafford 100 to 14 agst Qulnthi^Matsep, 8 to 1 agst Oakleigh, 10 to 1 (at first 6 to 1) agst The Bohemian, and 10 to 1 agst Gardenia and Duke of Athol Duke of Atholl was restless as usual, and declined to come near the other horses, but was lucky enough to got well away from his extreme outside position when the flag went down Gardenia had rather the best of the start, and kept her lead for a time, while Kohai was left at the post, swinging around on the back stretch Duke of Athol was in front, and there was a general belief that he could hold the position against all comers The Tasmanian horse was followed along the back b> Lesbia Medea and Uanienia, while Plausible was last At the ab ittoird Mcdeu had passed Lesbia and moved up second while stafford had headed Gardenia The Ghost come very fast on the outside as they ap ) reached the straight, but failed to reach Duke of Athol who galloping strongly seen ed to be a certain winner Half way down O Brien sat down for a hard finish on Gardenia and by great exertion got his mare up to Duke of Athol In the last couple of strides and snatched the race from him by a head the rider of Duke of Athol being, jammed on the rails so that he was unable to use his whip free!) counter Matsep was third three lengths a wa) Lesbia fourth Stafford filth The Ghost sixth, Medea next and Mcnottl last Time lin 42s. 