INTERCOLONIAL. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS. NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, December 22. A most important discovery was made to-day. The diamond drill which has so TI I used for boring for coal on the Ilclt-S.rhirland a state, fifteen miles from Sydney, and about, three quarters of a mile from the Illawarra Railway line, struck a coal seam at-, a II path of 212ft This, together with the result A of bores put down for several years past', proves the continuity of the rain our Kian from the Woolongong district to New castle, right under Sydney and suburbs. 'in di covery is regarded as of the highest value. It is understood that the of proposal for reduc- ing Kio bank rates of interest on all posits and discount rates will be allowed to remain in abeyance for the present-, us conti leto unanimity has not yet been secured. One of the Queensland banks is the only institution which has raised any difficulty, and renewed efforts will be made next month to introduce the new arrangement, A telegram from Jervis Bay says that the hull of the stranded steamer (Corangamite went to pieces at 2.30 this after" n. It is are Burned from this that the efforts to float the vessel off after blowing up the locks i protrude ing into the forehold proved most classes), The Govcrnmonthnsappointed an Executive Committee to arrange for the representation of the colony at the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition, but Kio names have not yet transpired. The Cabinet, at a meeting to-day, accepted the resignation of Mr. Fletcher, late Minister for Mines, In consequence of the vacancy thus caused a rearrangement of portfolios will be necessary. Dr. McKellar will represent the Government in the Upper House, and probably be offered the position of Postmaster-General. Dr, Randwick and Mr, Suttor are mentioned as likely to preside over tboMiuesDepartment, Leave of absence for six men he has been granted to Mr. H. C. Russell, the Government astronomer, to enable him to attend the conference on astronomy to be held at Paris in April next, and to which he has been invited by the French Academy of Sciences. The Stock Department have commenced a series of experiments with the view of testing; various Australian plants which are known or suspected to possess poisonous properties, The retiring mayor, Alderman J. Young, was entertained at a picnic down the harbour to-day, there being a large and representative gathering of citizens. Mr, Your g is to be presented with a handsome and valuable gold chain as a souvenir of his term of office. The great International Bicycle Race Meeting is fixed for the 6th and 13th February next. The English cyclists, F. Wood and K. James, will compete against 0, K. Wood, Bonnett, and Foulkes, the local amateurs, and Con Dwyer, of Victoria, Fisher, the New Zealander and Kuhnel, of Adelaide. In view of the great risk to life in the case of fire breaking out in the temporary buildings in connection with the Sydney Hospital, the Colonial Secretary intends to order the immediate removal of the patients from the temporary structure. Probably Randwick Asylum will be used for hospital purposes until the permanent hospital can be erected in the city or elsewhere as may be determined. Latest scratchings are Tamarisk, for the SumruorCup ; Emmeline, for all engagements VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, December 22. The scratchings are ;-V R O. HurdloJtoce, Ocean; V.A.T.C. Steeplechase Lady Ashton and Framlingham ; Hurdle Race, articulation Malvern, Heap, Umbra, Brigantine, and Don Giovanni ; all engagements, Albany, The naval and military authorities have received communications from the Agent General relative to the performances of the Nordenfelt submarine boat, and are of opinion that such a vessel would be of great assistance in the defence of the colony. The authorities have communicated with the inventors of the Morris rifle range, with a view of establishing a practice range in the closely populated neighbourhood of Albert Park. H. G. Ray, wine and spirit merchant, who is the person charged with smuggling 210 cases of brandy, had an interview with, the Collector of Customs to-day. He exonerated McDougall and Co., and denied at by fraudulent action on his own part Further- explanation is deferred until after the holidays. In the, meantime the department will continue the inquiry, which Mr. Ray says will prove his innocence. Inquiries by the Collector of Customs show that the clearance >s of steamers were not tampered with in Sydney, as was supposed, but in this colony. It is believed that the identification of the person who altered the document will be established, The Railway Commissioners have accepted the following tenders J. Fjlkm.f'ha'ji and Sons, for the construction of the Ghost Southern line, for £251271 ; the Pfcamuc Foundry Company, of Ballarat, for twenty passenger engines, for the sum of £53 000 and that of Messrs Gibbs, Bright, and Co., the supply of 30,450 tons of steel rails and fishplates, at £4 17s, 7d. per ton. The Melbourne Cricket Club to-day unanimously decided to persevere with the project of bringing out an English eleven principally amateurs. They state that they are not acting in any spirit of opposition to the trustees of the Association ground at Sydney, and if the latter are really desirous of bringing out a strong team for the centenary, the Melbourne Club committee will join them. It is said that the sympathy of not only the Melbourne cricketers,' but nearly all the New South Wales team now in Melbourne, or with the Melbourne Cricket Club in this matter, SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, December 22. The warden reports that the results on the main field at Teetulpa are generally very good, and the washings at Tonkin's Well highly satisfactory. A second death from typhoid fever has occurred on the field. Mr. Custance, professor of agriculture, resigned his position owing to the interference of the Secretary of the Lands Department. 