Phelan Happy But Lame. ————♦———— " Good evening, Phelan, how is Mary Ann an' yourself ?" said Michael O'Rourke as the two friends met at O'Phesey's place up in Dolittle Alley. " Oh ! we are well, thank ye, Moike. In fact, Oi might say, loife is worth the livin' wance more, an' Oi fele as light- hearted as a calf in a tin acre lot. You see the skatin' rinks have all closed, an' now Mary Ann is continted to stay be the house an cook me males for me. Niver- theless, Moike, wid every bit of swate there is always a certain amount ay bitter, an' be me soul, Oi got moy share lasht noight, an' Oi am that lame that Oi fale as if a strate car had run over me pur- son." " Phat was it, Phelan; that made ye lame / Oi hope it is nothing serious," said Michael, in a sympathetic tone of voice. " Oh, it was something serious, Moike, an' if ye will be aisy, Oi will tell you how it happened. Do you remimber not long since me son Edwards an' Patsy troid to scare me be pretendin' that there was berglars in the house ?" " Oi do that same. for ye come up here to O'Phesey's the next day an' tould the gang abute it," replied Michael. " Well," continued Phelan, "as Oi tould yez thin, in the foight that tuk place, the three av us fell upon Patsy's bull pup an' he gave up the ghost without a struggle. Yisterday Patsy brought home another brute av the same koind, a brother or sister av the wan he lost, Oi believe, an' turned it loose in the back yard. Mary Ann called me attintion to the dog when Oi wint home at noon, but dogs niver tike to me somehow, an' Oi didn't culti- vate his acquaintance. Lasht noight after supper Mary Ann said that she was going over to your house for a little whoile an' axed me wud Oi go along, but Oi de- cloined, sayin' that Oi had some wood to saw. She left, an' afther Oi had finished shmokin me poipe, Oi wint out in the yard afther a stick av cord wood, which Oi intended to fetch into the wood-shed. Oi had got no farther than the cmter av the yard whin Oi saw a white strake comin at me, an' Oi jumped asoide jist in toimne to have it go by widtout strokin' me. Me moind was made up in a minute, an' Oi knew that unless Oi cloimed some- thing moighty sudden, Oi wouldn't have a whole pair av pants on me body. The dog was betune me an' the woodshed, an' so Oi skinned roight up on top av a board fence. Now, there is a brick barn next to the fince, wid only a space av abute six inches betune the two, an' in me haste to get beyant the reach av the dog, both me legs got wedged into that space an' there Oi stuck. Oi niver realized befure how lonesome Oi could be without Mary Ann for company. Oi troid to coax the dog be talking baby talk to him, but he wouldn't have it that way. Ivery toime that Oi opened me mouth he opened his too, and let a growl that made the cold chills crawl up me back. Oi called for help but nobody was round to hear me, an' for three long hours Oi was obliged to remain in that position. Finally Mary Ann came home, an' on hearing me yell, came out in the yard. In less toime than it takes to tell, that bloomin' pup had Mary Ann treed on top av the wood-pile, an' thin he sat himself in the middle av the yard, an' showed his teeth as though he was laughing at us. Oi looked over at me wife an' sez Oi. "Mary Ann, me love, are ye aisy on the cord wood ?" " Ye see Oi wanted to appear cheer- ful." "Am Oi aisy, is it ?" sez she, "Jist ye wait till Oi get outen this, an' Oi'll fill that dog so full av poison that he will think lie has struck a rough on rats' factory." "Did ye ax me to wait till ye got outen this ?" sez Oi in a jockin' way. "Oi did," sez she, "an if ye had a bit av pluck abute ye, ye wud come off the fince an' baste the pup over the head wid a brick." "That is all very noice to say," sez Oi, "But Oi au that fasht betune the fince an' the barn that Oi can't stir aither fut." "At this moment Patsy came out to see phat was up, an' whin he discovered the two av us treed be the dog, he called Eddie, an' they gave us the laugh. Patsy called off the dog, an' Mary Ann crawled down, but they were obliged to knock off three boards befure Oi could get off of the fince. Oi informed Patsy that aither the dog would have to leave or Oi wud feed him on dynamite, an' explode him be hittin' him wid a brick. 