-e(BY TL GosTo) ::. A fair amount of work has been got through 1by thlie' Lgislature during the 'week. The Conicil'has;' contrary to its 'usual cristom; met on two consecutive evenings, passing. the Discipline Act, and making considerable progress in'the bill' increasing tlhepowers of the magisterial' benbh. The Assembly has disposed at last of the Irrigation Bill, and the vexed quhes tion in regard to the eotabiishmeit, qf' a central council to distribute the "prospect= ing' vote" of .£80,000, the Governmmet' being compelled to give way in regard to' their original proposals. 'Phere has been, of course, as might have been expected undoer the feeble rule of the faineant Premier; the usual storm in the Assembly. the origin of thedisturbance being the injudicious exclusion by the Government of the metro politan members, from the select joint committee of both Houses' appointed to deal with the question of the removal ofi the Spencer-street Station with a view of permitting the westward extension, of Collins; and Bourke streets, and afford ing access to the docks to be constructed by the Harbour Trust. MiIr. Carter and the Speaker came into angry collision, and. aso, hle matter at issue between the two gienlmen was at once made a party'ques tion, a ." row" at one time appeared immi nent. The imperturbable gold humour of Mr. Carter,-however, saved the Assembly from ascene, and Mr. Gillies having-as is his wontwhen he discovers le has not a sufficiently large number of supporters preparpd to support his views-given way, peace was restored and business proceeded with. The week will, however, be rendered memiorable in Parliamentary annals by the action of the Assembly in passing a roso lution granting free passes over the rail ways for " tilhe term of their natural life" to the political veterans who served on the Legiseaturelwhen payment of members was notin vogue. The recognition of faithful and good service rendered, coming as it does to some of them after a lapse of thirty years; is, it must be. confessed, rather tardy still, as the old proverb has it," better late than never." Had the Government, how ever, acted less grudgingly in the matter the Premier offering a mild and fruitless resistance to the resolution proposed by Mr. C. E.'Jones, one of the members for Ballarat, and 'a former Iinister of Rail ways-the boon would perhaps have been more 'appreciated by the recipients, aind Mr. Gillies have' relieved'himself in some degree from tli charge of political' in gratitude' which, even his wariest atd mirers cannot deny, is justly laid to the honourable gentleman's charge. As a matter of policy the course adopted by tlhe head of the Government was a blunder, for the ' old members" are still a latent power in the political world, and will assuredly, assert themselves when the opportunity comes in a feshion far from pleasant to' the Premier and his colleagues. Of late years the dedisions given by Courts of Petty Sessions have at times caused much irritation and given frequent cause for adverse comment. Yet in face of the experiences of the wyorkjng of those tribunals a bill has passed the Council and been transmitted to the Assembly largely increasing the power of the magistracy paid and unpaid. Among other things it is provided that on the complaint of any creditor a magistrate may issie an order preventing any person indebted in the sum : of ten pounds from leaving tlhq colony, provided notice of thee intended departure shall not have been published in the newspapers notifying such intended departure for a period of three weeks. It is ' useless to point out howv arbitrarily this clause may be made to operate. It is to be hoped that the Assembly which is supposed to be the House charged par excellence with guarding the individual liberty of the people, will interfere and place its veto upon a measure under which personal freedom of action can be so un warrantably dealt with. Should the measure be allowed to become law in its present form, the creditsystem will receive its death blow, and "cash payment" be come the rule, unless if as at present the exception. Pity the sorrows of the poorpolico meagis trates. These unfortunate, over-worked, cinder-paid officials, who, in the majority of ipstances. are not professional mei, and have received no special trainfng to enable them to perform their duties, have hitherto starved on salaries ranging from £550 to £850 (with travelling allowances on a liberal scalel are to have their pay increased, and their work lightened, Verily " to him who bath shall be given." Some of these " curled darlings" of the service, who in years past obtained their positions through "proper representa tions" or the favour of the law officers of the day, actually are called upon to per form journeys of from 20 to 100 miles a day by rail, and sit as a Court of Petty Sessions, or act as coroners dp 1ing three or four hours a day. Their work has, it is true, been increased by the passing of the Licensing Act and `6ther statutes; under whichlthey are called upon to adjudicate, but as a rule their work is neither onerous nor fatiguing, and'their remuneration is quite adequate to'the services they render. There are .ni'ibecrs 'of ill paid officials in the Government 'service really deserving increased pay, and it is to be lhoped the Civil Service Commissioners, 'to whom the question of increasing the salaries of the police magistrates hba bqen referred', ?ll not further saddle the taxpayers with a burden already sufficiently onoi-ous, in the shape of an increased Civil Service vote. One of the 'foulst blots on the vaunted •civilisation of the Victorian metropolis is at-last to be removed. Anew morgue is to be built on a spot to b'e at"once selected by the hminister of Justice. The state in which the piesent' building is, may be gathered from'' the advertisement in the Government a:ellse c'lliig for tenders for wire covers to preserve the' remains of the unfortunates fished out of the Yarra, or "found dead" 'ii the TIelbourne streets, fren; beiqg. levoure(d by the rats. For years, duspito the reports of the City Coroner, and the riders of juries on coronial inquests, tl'e disgraceful building has been allowed to remain a?s an eyesore to the city, and a reproach on our humanity. Cases have frequently arisen in, whiell the identi fication of the corIoses las been rendered impossible owing to the disfiuurementof the features of the dead by the vermin that infest thie 'vile hole. At last. the Government' has been 'stirred from its apathy, and this '"old land mark," as a city dignitary called the morgue, erected in 1852, is to give place to a more suitable temporary resting 'place for those who profor the " hereafter" to the illa of the present life. hMr. John qGmrdier, q ili.a., iC evidently 'n?tsingnl?e, !ha it bos.alon ,tiat - ' ogar" is. ?u'tpio t fuaetor in Victorian'pbolitice. The members of the Victorian Chamber of Mtanufacturea and the Chamber of 'Com merce have just had an interview with the head oi' the Government, for' the purpose of furthering a reciprocity treaty' with Queensland, and inducing the northorn colony to admit free of duiy the manufac tured goods of Victoria, in consideration of the products' of their plantations being allowed to pass into the, colony free of Customus restrictions. It is to be hoped the'itattbr'will diot be allowed to drop, as was the reciprbcity treaty with Tasmania; Experience must ore' this !have shown the opponibnt' of frib and' nirestricted inter courso botivoon various nimnber's" of the; Australasian group that their fdtiro ?,l'-' fare largely depends upon 'their flnding' markets for their native industries outside their own boundaries, and n6ow that coh? siderations in regard to " the sugar" are to have their due weight it may be hoped that even such ardent Protectionists as the honourable meomber for, Carlton will. he found 'supportif'g the treaty 'ibhen the` G cillies-Deakin coalition onsooter upi courage, to sobolit It to Parliain?nt. ' ,ct: . . ti . . . . , 