OIL AND VINEGAR. « By Ceevioolus. I WAS really vain enough to think that I had floored Mr. William Cobbett — to use a vulgarism which I know will be offensive to such a super sensitive grammarian. But no — he has come up again smiling (vulgarism once more1 in that organ of light and learning the Mornitt' ' Erald , which is said to be published in the wilds of Jjindley- Murray Street. In the first place he sneers at " Mister " Morrell— who has written a grammar. I am not going to pose as Mister Morrell's defender, bat I might point out that his little grammar has been for nearly fifteen years a text-book for the Matriculation Examin ation _ of the London University, and the local examinations in Arts of the two great English Universities. I readily admit that the common use of an incorrect expression does not render that expression correct, and unfortunately such constant carelessness has led to many slipshod phrases or colloquialisms creeping into every day use, even in that circle known as 'Loudon Society,' with which Mr. William " Cobbett would appear to claim to be acquainted. In his letter in reply to my strictnres of a fortnight ago Mr. W. C. says "T lose who constitute them (sic) grammarians, are, as a rule, by no means in the best position for getting correct information." It Will hfi flVlRPTTP tllfif. tliD fAPooni n r» al nn>o vi f expression claims to be a complete sentence, in asmuch as it commences with a capital letter and terminates with a full stop. A sentence is well defined by Master Morrell as "a complete thought expressed in words." But where is the complete thought contained in the remark just quoted ? W. C. simply says that self-constitut ed grammarians are by no means in the best position for obtaining information. Informa tion about what ? The price of butcher's meat, the distance of the sun from the moon, or, say, the distance which separates William Cobbett (redivivus) from a grammarian 2 This precious grammarian then proceeds to sneer at the social status of school-masters, and says they are as -'peremtorily (sic) shut out from the best so ciety as the family groeer." But I would point ont to my friend that there are school-masters, and school- masters just as there are William Cobbetts, and William Cobbetts. For instance, there were Doctor Arnold, of Itugby, and Mr. Squeers, of Dotbeboy's Hall, and Mr. William Cobbett 'a somebody,' and Mr. William Cobbett 'a nobody.' In tbe cases of Doctor Arnold and William Cobbett 'a somebody,' the first was a friend of the noblest in his land, and both were men whom anyone would be prond to know, from the sovereign to tbe humblest sub ject. I might farther point out that the pre sent Bench of Bishops in the House of Lords is almost entirely composed of ex-school masters. But to return to the little particle that : The original William Cobbett may or may not have held that it is not a relative pronoun, bat I would remind the spurious William Cob bett that even Cocker's Arithmetic and Lind- ley Murray's Grammar, are not now-a- days con sidered standard authorities, and although the original Mr. Cobbett may have expressed cer tain views relative to the pronoun that, other and later grammarians of equal note may differ' from them. Tempora mwtantur et iccrba? mu- tantur in illis , to slightly alter an old quota tion. For instance, the is no longer called by Lindley Murray's unmeaning epithet of 'article,' but has become a -distinguishing adjective.' The spurious Cobbett, however, admits that his great namesake i6 not a final authority on grammatical questions';' bat that good grammar is that which is spoken in the best London So ciety. From the plurality of person he adopts in pointing this out 1 should conjecture that lie is no one more or less than the erndite Editor himself, modestly veiling his identity behind a taking pseudonym. "By the best society," he says, "we do not mean the best society of Liver pool, or Manchester, or Melbourne, bat tbe be6t London Society — and in such society we venture to say, that if any man were to say — 'That man that was sent to Harrow, in order that he might learn pure English,' the eye-brows evgry woman, if not erery man within hearing would be raised," He goes ou to say, "And if the speaker was (sic) not known to be some body, he would be set down as nobody." And I venture to say that if the lattei sentence mere uttered in the society of educated persons the eyes of not only every man aB well as woman, but also of a considerable number of children wonld be raised ; in fact, it is enough to raise the ghost of the original William Cobbett him self. Finally, with regard to the language of the best London society, it is not remarkable so much for its grammatical accuracy, as it is for its refinement of accent, it is, in fact, fashion able jargon, or shibboleth, which may almost be said to possess a dictionary and grammar of its own. # I bemembeb reading a paragraph ten or fifteen vears avo — when I was young: and charming — which created some interest and discussion at the time of its appearance. It was en titled : "How to live on sixpence a day." I never solved the problem in my own person, and I conjecture very few have succeeded in doing bo with any great satisfaction to themselves! Agri cultural laborers, and in fact, the working classes generally in England at the present time , would, doubtless, be interested in a work with some such title -as this. "How to starve your wife and family on six shillings a week," with illustrations .(practical). This problem is by no means so difficult to solve as the other. There is no doubt that in England at the pre- i sent time, side by side with the utmost wealth and poverty is the extremity of distress — the latter largely preponderating. A horny-handed Geraldtonian, who recently visited the old coun try, has described to me the prevalent misery and want in England as indescribable-. In his own | forcible words, "The people will soon be eating one another, unless they emigrate." I asked him why they did not emigrate,' to which my friend replied that they could not afford to do so. I opened my eyes at this, until it was ex plained to me that the majority of would-be emigrants can neither afford to equip them selves for a voyage according to the Emigration Regulations, nor the money to take them np to London, supposing that they live in the country. Surely some assistance should be given by the Home Government to persons willing but un able to emigrate for the reasons mentioned. It is not within my province to suggest the details of an extensive English Emigration scheme, but there should not be much difficulty in organis ing a scheme for the depletion of sur-charged towns and districts, and it is almost certain that such a scheme would meet with wide support from the public. If poverty-stricken English men and women are willing to leave the over crowded old country for colonies such as this, possessing vast tracts of unsettled laud court ing population and cultivation, it should betheir own faults if they are not soon raised far above their present poverty and misery. But they must be content to. forego the cheap and usually low pleasures of the Music Hall and Penny Gaff, and to fulfil the primal penalty of Adam's fall— earn their living by the sweat of their brow. The conditions of life are totally dif ferent in Australia, (and in tbis Colony particu larly so) from what they arc in England, and new arri vale should endeavor to "adapt themselves to them, and not j)inc after the cheap and nasty amusements they have left behind. In small communities people must amuse each other after their work is done, and in my experience, which is not inconsiderable, I have never come across a community which is more commendable in this respect than our own. But tbe first con sideration is food and raiment, and I maintain that in this colony, at any rate, only |be rogues and fools arc poor men. and the thonest and wife are invariably wqll-to-do. But to drop to my customary frivolity, "thejre are few in the colony doing so well as a defendant in a receni County Court case reported in the Eastern Dis tricts 'Chronicle , who stated he-was receiving sis shillings a day, and beeping seven\ out 01 it Possibly, however, he meant a family ofseven. 