SPORTING NEWS. V.R.C. SPRING MEETING. STEEPLECHASE (FOURTH) DAY. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) As Oaks day is the most favored of ladies, steeplechase day is the one affected by the more venturesome sports to whom a spice of danger is an appetising sauce, and being Saturday, the half-holiday people have an opportunity for an outing which is denied them on Oaks Day. These .circumstances lead to a large attendance, and the steeple chase was witnessed this year by an unusu ally large gathering, the stand, hill, paddock and flat being equally well patronised. The’ morning broke fine and warm with every prospect of an enjoyable day, and the course remained in fairly good order, although it must be’ admitted • the pre vious days’ racing had rendered it dusty in certain portions, and generally speaking, the track showed signs of wearing. This was, however, a matter that affected the competitors rather than the spectators, to whom a second or so difference in the time made was a matter of but small moment. A good race and close finish is what sporting patrons yearn for, rather than fast time, but, nevertheless, the veriest tyro likes to see the record beaten, although from a sport’s point of .view they are unpatriotic enough to prefer an exciting contest to see ing the “fastest on record” accomplished. The vice-regal party arrived, as on the pre vious days, in time for the first event, their advent on the scene being greeted with the National Anthem by Zelman’s band, and from this out up to Steeplechase time the attendance began to increase rapidly up to the time for starting the chief event of the day. Tiie meeting has been prolific of dead heats for third place, in which respect the racing has been unique. Of to-day’s events the first was the Mares’ Produce Stakes, only brought out three starters, Volcano, Lord William, and Menotti, the Hon. J. White’s nomination being a strong favorite, with 2 to 1 on Volcano, showed that his prowess had not been over estimated by leading from start to finish, and won, hard held, uy two lengths in the slow time of 2 min 13i sec.. The Flemington Stakes fell to Bravo.. After a maguificeut struggle up 'the straight,' in which Trenton failed to reach the; Derby winner, Trident landed the Canterbury Plate. . Then- came the Free Handicap, which brought the meeting to a close.. Makes’ Produce Stakes. Hon. J. White’s br c Volcano, Sst lUlb (Hales) .. 1 Mr W. Duggan’s ch h Lord William, Bst 101 b ■ (Nerriker) .. .. .. .. -2 Sir W. J. Clarke’s br c Menotti, Bst 101 b (O’Brien) 3 Only three faced the starter. Latest bet ting:—s to 2 on Volcano, 5 to 1 against Menotti or Lord William. At the fall of the flag Menotti was quickest on his legs, followed by Volcano. The latter, after going a few lengths, took up the running, and was soon a length in front of Menotti, who was two lengths ahead- of Lord Wil liam. Along the back and' round by the bridge the favorite increased his lead. At the abattoirs Lord William drew up level with Menotti. Bound the bend. Hales was holding Volcano, whilst the. other two were being ridden. At the distance Lord William disposed of Menotti, but was unable to reach the favorite, who won by two lengths, hard held. Menotti, pulling up, finished a dozen lengths in the rear. Time, 2 min. 134 sec. The Flemington Stakes. Mr J. H. Crooke’s br e Casuist, 7st 21b (Rummage) 1 Mr D. Cooper’s b c Oceana, ■ 7st 101 b (Robertson) ... 2 Mr J. Uaimes’ br c Albert Loddon, 7st 71b (Walker) t Hon. J. White’s br f Sumatra, Bst7lb (Moore) .. t The starters were Bedouin, Yetinan, Fire brace, Sumatra, Oceana, Aberdeen, Miranda, Albert Loddon, Glentworth, Probation, Es perance, Casuist, Citadel, Liedertafel, Nec tarine, Loyalist, Essex, St. Michael, Jessica. Latest betting—4 to 1 Miranda, 5 to 1 Sumatra, 6 to 1 Oceana, Aberdeen, 8 to l Harridan, 10 to 1 Probation or Casuist. Lord Carrington’s filly, Esperance, gave much trouble at the post, and it. was some time before Mr Watson could get his field away. When at last they were started on their jour ney to a very straggling start, Casuist, Liedertafel, and Yetinan seemed to be first away, and crossing the tan were in front, with Oceana in the centre, Aberdeen lying well in- the centre, 'while the favorite was indistinguishable among the ruck. Casuist led Yetinan near the rails by a length cuter-' ing-tbc course proper, whilst Oceana and Albert Loddon. were next on the inside. Casuist still led' at the distance, the field being. spread all. over the course, but Oceana • had supplanted Yetman for second place, ' the . chestnut having fallen back amongst the crowd. Bedouin seeined to lead the next division, which consisted of Albert Loddon, Nec tarine, and Sumatra, Mr White’s colors on Aberdeen being prominent in the centre. Casuist led Oceana up the straight, and won comfortably by a length and a half from Oceana, while Sumatra was brought tip with a rush, and caught Albert Loddon on the post, making a dead-heat for third. Then came Nectarine, while Citadel and Miranda drove the field home. Time, 521 sec. The V.R.C. Handicap. Mr W. E. Boyd’s b c Bravo, 3 yrs, Gst 101 b (Camp bell) .. .. „ i Mr M. Loughlin’s b g Britisher, aged, Bst 4ib (Fallon) .. .. .. .. ..2 Mr A. F. Smart’s ch m Brown and Rose, 5 yrs, 7st 131 b (Gough) .. .. .. .. • • 3 A protest was entered against the winner. The starters were Meteor, Sardius, Brown and Rose, Britisher, Grace Darling, Claptrap, Ringmaster, Monte Christo, Bravo, First Prince, Lesbia, Impulse, and Yellow Ham mer. Latest betting—s to 2 agst Brown and Rose, 4 to 1 Britisher, 6 to 1 Bravo, First Prince, Monte Christo, 7 to 1 Claptrap, 10 to 1 others. After some trouble the field was sent away to a good start, Yellow Ham mer and Brown and Rose being next the rails. Brown and Rose, Ringmaster, and Claptrap were the first away, and at the distance Mr Smart’s mare led, being followed by Ringmaster, Claptrap, and Impulse, with Yellow Hammer close by on the inside. Yellow Hammer led past the stand, with First Prince, Ringmaster, and Brown and Rose next, then came Impulse and Lesbia. Yellow Hammer lead his field along the. river stretch, Ringmaster having taken First Prince’s place as second, then came Brown and Rose, Sardiuus, impulse, and Bravo. Coming up to the Bridge, Impulse had run up, and was lying fourth on First Prince’s quarters, while Brown and Rose and Bravo were together close between with Meteor last. Impulse was now brought forward and headed the unfortunate Yellow Hammer passing the bridge while Brown and Rose went in front of First Prince. This order was changed along the back, when First Prince ran into second place, while Grace Darling who had been lying on the outside, showed iip prominently forward and two lengths away from first Prince who was second to Impulse, led Ringmaster, Bravo, Lesbia, and Brown and Rose. Williams, who was on Grace Darling, brought his mount to the front at the abattoirs, First Prince, Yellow Hammer, and Impulse being her immediate attendants. The mare still led at the sheds, Impulse having run up next to First Prince, followed by Ringmaster and Lesbia. The same order was maintained round the bend where, however, Monte Christo came iuto prominence, while Campbell was bringing Bravo along with a rush, closely followed by Britisher, First Prince, and Brown and Rose. Grace Darling still led, but was headed by Brown and Rose before the distance-post, while Britisher threw away his chance of victory by attempting to “ savage” Brown and Rose. Half-way home Bravo was in front, with Britisher next, and Brown and Rose third, and they finished in this manner, Half a length separating the first two horses, while Brown and Rose was a length behind Britisher. Then came Claptrap, Reginald, First Prince, Monte Christo, Grace Darling, Lesbia, and Sardius, while Yellow Hammer, who had died away after the’ straight was entered, was last with Meteor. Time, 3 min. 7£ sec. Steeplechase.' Hon. W. Pearson’s b m Lady Ashton, list 111 b ; (M’Leod) ..' .." 1 Mr G. Martin’s b g Native, list 41b (Ferguson) .. 2 ; No third horse placed. The starters were Game (Corrigan), Lady Ashton (M’Leod), Native (Ferguson), Lady, Carrington (Kain), Wickliffe (Cree), Havelock (Malone:, Moon light (Cupit), Curiosity (M’Gowan). Latest -Betting—s to 2 Game, 4 to I,’Native; 6 to 1 iiLady Ashton, Lady Carrington; 8 to I Havelock or Wickliffe, 10 to 1 Curiosity. Lady Ashton and Game, who were next the rails, were the first to get away, Mr "Pear son’s mare taking the lead and keeping it for nearly the whole of the journey. Game was second passing the stand, but at the turn Curiosity was up second. Lady Carrington' led Lady Ashton, Game, and Curiosity over the first jump, but at the stand fence Lady Carrington fell, and was never after in the race. The favorite fell back along the back stretch, and was 20 lengths be hind Curiosity when -the abattoirs were passed. Four lengths away from Wickliffe, who ran on Game’s quarters, came Havelock, then Moonlight, while Native came last. Moonlight' fell at the fence near the sheds, but was afterwards remounted. Lady Ashton led round the fence, with •Curiosity close up, while Game was 12 lengths off in'company with Havelock; who was .followed by Wickliffe, Native being absolutely , last.': Wickliffe fell back to the rear before the fences in fi-ont of the stand were reached. All the horses were' jump ing well, and the palings and stonewall were taken beautifully, although Wickliffe who was last, Jumped in an extraordinary manner. Curiosity got within four lengths of Lady Ashton, round the back, while Game had diminished the distance between himself and Mr Menzies’ speckled horse to two lengths. Game .ran up second, four lengths away from Lady Ashton passed the bridge with Curiosity next, and at the next fence Have loek fell. The leader, Lady Ashton, blun dered at her next fence, but recovered in time, and" at the abattoirs was leading Game by three lengths. The same distance separated the favorite and Native, while Curiosity was two lengths further off. This lead of Lady Ashton’s was increased to four lengths nearing the sheds, where Game fell, and .several illconditioned persons on the staud set up loud cheers, which were, how ever, quickly suppressed. Lady Ashton again stumbled without coming down, but at the next fence Curiosity, , who had been jumping very nicely, fell, and was immedi ately followed by Wickliffe. Lady Ashton then led home pursued by Native who clouting' on the second fence from home, gave his knee a nasty gash. Loth horses were completely done at the fiuish, and could only be kept going by the constant use of the whip. Lady Ashton finished about 10 lengths in front of Native. These were the only two horses who finished. With the exception of Kane, who rode Lady Carrington, and sustained a slight concussion of the brain, none of the dismounted jockeys were hurt. Time, 6 min. 51J sec. Canterbury Plate. - - V Hon. J. White’s ch c Trident, 3 j’rs, 7st 81li (Hobs) 1 Mr W. C. Cooper’s b lr Trenton, 5 yrs, 9st (ilb (Robertson) .-. .. .. .. .. 2 Mr P. Henty’s b h Cyclops, 4 yrs, 9st (Williamson) 3 The starters were Trenton, Cyclops, Tri dent, and Tamarisk. Lattest betting—6 to 4 on Trenton, even money Trident, 10 to 1 Cyclops, 30 to 1 Tamarisk. The four were sent away to an excellent start, Tamarisk at once taking up the lead, Trident, Cyclops, and Trenton following in the order named past the stand, the pace being very strong for the commencement of such a long journey. Tamarisk increased his lead to eight lengths along the back, a couple of lengths being betweeu Trident and Cyclops. Trenton was the same distacuc behind Mr Henty’s horse. No material change was made until entering the straight when Cyclops headed Trident, and the quartette were brought up close together. Huxley on Tamarisk led his field past the staud at a terrific pace, there being a couple of lengths between her and Cyclops; then came Trident about the same distance off,’ while Trenton, who was being kept in,was about the same distance behind the Derby win ner. Thepace was now very hot, and along the river stretch Cyclops was joined by Trident, both being about three lengths behind Tama risk, while Trenton maintained his position two lengths away. The New Zealander was brought forward by Robertson passing the bridge, and leaving Cyclops behind went up to within a length of Trident. Mr White’s filly’s mission :was now evidently fulfilled, and she fell back, allowing Trideut to take the lead. Cyclops also found the pace too strong for him, and the race became a match betweeu Trident arid' Trenton. The chesnut led by two lengths past the abattoirs right round the bend, where Hales and Robertson both set to work. For a time it looked as if Trenton would cut his rival down, but all Robertson’s , efforts were unavailing, and* Trideut won after a gallantly contested race by a clear length, Hales having eased off in the last few strides. Cyclops came in next about 20 lengths off, while Tamarisk was far in the rear. Time, 5 min 25J sec. Free Handicap. Mr S. Martin’s b g Hogmanay, 7st 121 b (Hales). . 1 Sir C. Ellis’ ch h Lord Wilton, Bst 101 b (Camp bell) .. ... .. ■.. 2 Mr J. D. Robertson's The Nun, Bst 21b .; .. f Mr S. C. Cook’s ch g Remus, 7st 121 b .. .. t ■ The starters were William Tell, Lord Wilton, The Nun, Pocahontas, The Ghost, Hogmanay, Remus, Kitawa, Jiin Cain, The Pencil, Daystar, Cestus, Lara. Betting—2 to 1 Lord Wilton, 4 to 1 The Nuu, 5 to 1 The Ghost, Kitawa; 6 to 1 Pocahontas, Hog manay; 8 to 1 William Tell,TO to 1. others. From an indifferent start, Daystar was first to show in front, followed’ by William Tell Kitawa, and The Nun. .Then came Poca hontas and Lord Wilton. By the bridge Daystar was still in front, the others being in the same order, excepting that Lord Wilton changed '.with" Kitawa for. third place. At the sheds, William Tell took up the running, attended by Daystar, Lord Wilton, The Ghost, and The Nun. Along the bend, Cestus ran up second, but soon dropped. William Tell led into the straight, with Lord Wilton and The Nun close up. At the distance Hogmanay came past, and easily disposing of -Lord Wilton, won by a length, Remus making a dead heat with The Nun for third place. Time, 1 min. 5S sec. A Protest. The protest entered by the owner of Britisher against the win of Bravo in the V.R.C. Handicap was considered at great length by the stewards. It was alleged that the rider of Bravo struck Britisher across the nose with his whip, and thus prevented the Ballarat horse from securing a win; and certainly Britisher showed marks of a blow from someone’s whip. It was alleged, on the other hand, that Britisher destroyed his chance of winning by attempting to “ savage” Bravo, and it appeared from the straight that Mr Loughlin’s gelding was attempting to bite. The stewards, after careful consideration, decided to dismiss the protest, but it was an unfortunate accident for the supporters of the Ballarat stable that their horse did not win. 