An English Ghost Story. Lm>y Hahy 13 again said to ba haunting Bis hum Abbey, and is causiag r.o little sensa tion. She was the tvite of the Ennliah am bassador to the Court of France in I5SG. The abbey is the most historic religious house in Berkshire, ana in one of the apartments is a peculiar painting representing the lady with a very white face and hands, dressed in the eoii, weeds, and wimple then showed to a barobet’a lady. In this identical drsss, it is most strongly averred, she has been frequently. seen in 0110 of Ike bedrooms of tho Abbey, with a self-snpporting basin moving before her, in which she is perpetually trying to wnsh her hands, bat tho most remarkable part of the story is ti)3t tho so-called apparition al ways appears in tho negative, viz., the black part white and tlia white part black. The story, bb now told by the domcstio3 and vil lagers, is that she beat her son William to death because he could not write without making blots, and a singular part of the tale is tbat°a short time ago, in altering tbo shut ters of the dining-room, a great number of children’s copy-books of the time of Queen Elizabeth were discovered pushed between the joists of-the.floor, some of whiah answered exactly to the tale us if the child could not write a single lino without making a blot. Neither the domestics at tho Abbey nor the adjacent villagers will hear one word against tho narrative.—London Letter in the Phila delphia Telegraph. "I wisn to know the amount of lumber re. oaived at this port annually, from tho north," said Deacon Fitch, walking up and down the sanotum with his eyes on the carpet. “I wonder whom I had batter apply to for the figures.” _ “That’s an easy one,” Baid Mr. Upton, smiling good-humoredly at his ohief’s over sight of an obvious source of information. « Shall I ring for the eomrasraial editor ? ” “ Oh no,-no,” the Dercon exclaimed, mo tioning his obliging subordinate to keep his seat: “ It isn’t for tho paper; the figures are needed to guide me in a private investment. I want the truth.” 