ARGUS GLANCES. During the lingering agony of the Licen sing Court every witness was sworn on tbe Donay Bible. As some were Orangemen and most Protestants the value of mou" estima- tion of the volume js attested oy tnetr evi dence. Swearing a witness is a very solemn , cere mony. Swearing at him is infinitely prefer able. It seems the height of profanity to call God Almighty to witness that a. new public house is or is not required in' West Kempsey. They coupled on the Verge last Saturday afternoon and fell into the abyss. _ Not one of tlie supporters of the monopolist farni.y were game to be present. Hi Kah lah ! Messrs. Sydney and Austral Verge are introducing Chinese cheap labour in order to secure a majority at the Municipal election. Burnley and Tom Kerrigan stood on their heads about five o'clock on Wednesday after noon. They were about tbe most astomsned men in the city of flooded p.ains. Rum and milk restored their equilibrium. Father McGuinness has appointed himself mayor of Kempsey. He has evidently put his foot into it while in the Lane. The assemblage of publicans and sinners at the West Kempsey Court House on Tues day and Wednesday, caused, some terrible apprehensions among the Licensing Lencti as to the safety of the roof. When the pro ceedings had concluded and the Bench rushed into the open air there was one trinual sigh which nearly knocked down tho balcony of the Court House Hotel. The magistrates went for their whiskey and rejoiced tlmUhey had been some service to Kerrigan. a n-.-no r-ii ov in si sin all town in Michigan took leave of his flock in the following ad dress: — " My dearly beloved brethern, our separation from each other is not particularly painful and for three reasons — You do not love me ; you do not love each other ; and the Lord does not love you. If you had loved me yrou would have paid my salary for the last two years. You do not love each other — if you had, I would have had more marriage ceremonies to perform. And too Lord does not lovo you, otherwise He would have called many more of you to Him, so that there would have been more funeral services." The congegation did nou press him to stay, , , , . After consulting with the leading China men of the district wc can confidently an nounce that all exiles from the 1< lowery Land will vote for the Verges, Pak- a-puh in the immediate future. ' A Good Story— Archbishop Whately was once in a field near Dublin where some men "were at work in a hay-field. "Now-, my lads," said the Archbishop, " you all see that tree yonder ?" — pointing to a large tree several hundred yards away. " Yes, your grace," they all said. " Well," said the Archbishop, " the man who touches that tree first shall have this half-crown." The men got ready for the race, 11 Now then," shoutsd the Archbishop, " one, two, three, and away!" Off the men started, each doing his best. When about one-third of the way to the tree they heard the sound of quick steps behind them, and soon the tall figure and long legs of the Archbishop swept past them. With a triumphant laugh the Archbishop touched the tree and put the half-crown into his pocket. But, after they had acknowledged him as the winner, each of tho losers was presented with a half-crown — Bristol 2 imes c0 Mirror. A writer in the London Sporting World says : " Turf matters flourish well in all the colonies, if we except South Australia, which is a priest-ridden, Salvation Arniyised, cant ing, snivelling colony." ' White-chokerism," says " Diogenes" in the S. A. Advertise.!, is now a religion the main tenets of which are — " Regularly to attend church, frequently to attend the Y. M. C. A. amiably to smile at teafights, freely to buy at bazaars, loudly to groan at prayer- meetings, sanctimoniously to look at love feasts, furiously to denounce 'the publican and sinner, then to consign the freethinker to perdition, but . firstly, lastly, _ and most of all, to keep your eyes on the main ehance." In illustrating the fruits of advertising, an American paper says : — " A family in Florida lost their little boy, and advertised for him in a daily paper. That very afternoon an alligator crawled up out of the swamp and died on the doorstep. In his stomach was found a handfull of red hair, some bone buttons, a pair of boot-heels, a glass alley, a pair of check pants, and a paper collar." 'Humph,' growled the King of the Cannibal Islands, as he glanced at a New York paper, which was all that was left of a missionary that took the leading part in a Royal feast. 'Wherefore gruntest thou, your Majesty?' murmured the Prime Minister. I knew that missionary was a fraud.' Inasmuch as to wherefore?' 'Because in this paper, which came from his own country, there are several advertisements for a girl to cook. If there is one thing I hate it's a hypocrite, unless he's well done on toast.' On Saturday afternoon May 1 the Duchess of Albany laid the foundation stone of St. Mary's Church, Tottenham, for the Mal- borough College Mission District, After a short service the Duchess, assisted by the architect, proceeded to lay tne founda tion stone, saying : — In the faith of Jesus Christ, and in memory of the Virgin Mary His Mother, I place this dedication stone. And this I do in the Name of God the Father, God the Son. and Gqd the Holy Ghost." A number of Ladies and children then present ed purses to her Royal Highness containing contributions towards the amount still wanted to complete the Church. The Dutch have a singular contrivance to cure laziness. It a pauper, who is able, refuses to work, they put him into a cistern and let in a sluice of water. It comes in just so fast that, by briskly plying a pump, with which the cistern is furnished, he keeps himself from being drowned- A young gentlemen who has been acquain ted with Ins girl two nights attempted to kiss her at the gate. Afterwards he told the doctors that just as lie « kissed her the earth slid from under his feet, and his soul went out of his mouth, while his head touched the stars." Later despatch shows that what hailed him was the old man's boot. The will of commander Hayward, of the United States .navy, who died recently in Egypt, provides for the cremation of his body, and adds : " I desire that my ashes be placed in a suitable urn of copper in her (his wife's) grave at her feet. If it were possible, I should insist that they be placed inside her coffin, in which case I should not wish them to be enclosed, but that they may be strewn over what may remain of her pre cious body." At a conference on the proposed Pacific cable, it transpired that the cost of construc tion would be two-and-a-half millions, and a subsidy of £67,000 would be required from the Colonies and England, the latter giving one tin I'd tl\e amount; At the "Wimbledon rifle contests the Alex andria prize was won with a score of 65. Keating, of New South Wales making 51. Captain Blackham won the Windmill con test. The Australian cricketers phtyod against the Yorkshire team on Monday. The Austra lians wept in ft1'5!" and scored 275, Palmer cqntrihuting 94, Trumble 46. and Spofforth 37\. Yorkshire has 42 runs, without the loss of a wicket, One of the Creedmoor riflemen has such confidence in his skill that he has been endeavouring to get his mother-iu-law to place an apple upon her head and let him shoot at it. The covers having been sworn off the Revised, Edition of the Rible at Y/cst Kemp sey recourse has been taken to a cheap Douay. Bnrning off in full swing. Fires brilliantly illuminating the midnight sky all over the river. There is a man in Kempsey that deserves promotion. Charley Wright is liis other name. Whether he serves yon with a sum mons or invites you to a Good Templars cold water spree his urbanity is like the motto of the C'hnreh of Rome " Semper Bade m" Charley is the best Clerk of the Court we ever saw. He did not take down what the wit ness said : could'nt read what lie had taken down, and as the witnesses were equally in a fog the ubiquitous and ostentatious Wright scored a win. In fact he looked like a heal thy cat in a well-stocked tripe shop. 