THE COURTING OF MARY SMITH. £* F. W. ROBINSON, Author of 'Grandmother's Money,' ' Anne Judge, Spinster,3' 'little Kate Kirby,' 'The Black- Speck,' 'Lazarue in London,' &c.; .'^Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK VI.— RENUNCIATION. Chapxeb IV. — Tsjs Ice. It had come at last, and in a strange way. Mary Smith had expected to relate that piece «f news to him herself, and had not imagined that the garrulous young Dodson had fore stalled her. She had forgotten thatMr. Iiovett bad enriched young Dodson, and told him the last news. Here was a subject possibly more painful to her than the preceding, and yet which she had no power to evade. She hardly liked the tone in which he had addressed her jnst now; he had expressed bis sorrow, but there was the old scoffing: ring in his voice, and the pity for her approached very closely to OHuiftiij ??fr r*rr au^f nuu t*-»*.j ^**uv/a* 'i''Vfvn * And yet ehe was not wholly displeased, although her complicated feelings would have been very difficult of analysis. That lie .should -not have cared at all — that it would have been a matter of indifference to him — she \- would not have liked j but she wished that he had said he was. sorry in a different kiiid of way. But then women are never satisfied, ' 'the cynic asserts. Still, this took it ont of the .sentimental track, and that was something. ' Until they had met like this she could have imagined rilmost ftalt he mighthave reproached her for her haste, -or considered that in some strange -way— by the law of elective affinity \- say ! ,he had a «w»w» upon her. That be had had a fancy for her— perhaps a love for her— his one letter to Jonathan Jjovett had made tolerably clear ; but it was not bis place— or it pleased her to think that it was not his place— to imagine that she had ?been in any way in love with him. He had no zight to think that when they parted, sorely ; therefore lie had no right to demand ?at the present time an explanation of her reasons for accepting Jonathan Lovett. She and Mr. Obinery had been everyday acquaintances, if meeting under peculiar circmnBtances. thrown together by fire, brought together by his faith in her, her trusteeship— by many little incidents and fancies; but he Hod no right to think for one instant that -she had .ever been .in love with him. - And he probably never had had so ridiculous an idea -cross his mind. And, once more, he had xeally no right to say he was sorry to near of her engagement, and to say it in a tone that -was just a trifle- aggravating. That was .unkind .and ungenerous of him. That was not like ?Ambrose Ginnery. 'I do -not see why you should be sorry — why you should consider it bad news,' she caidVatlsst, - 'Dontyou?' 'No.' 'Am I called upon to explain 3' he asked, almost sharply. 'It would be fair to me, and to Mr. Iiovett,' ehe added, after a moment's con \- sideration as to what the explanation might portend. Yes; it was better he should explain, so . that the subject might be finished for ever and aye— decently buried, with a little -white grave stone over it. ' She sat and watched him nervously, thankful for once that he could not 'watch her, or see how the color changed upon her face; wondering at her own emotion and at the influence, strange and rapid, and even \- -unaccountable, that this man seemed to pos -Eess over ner. j.oib man, xor ever apart irom her, -who belonged already to the past, whom ehe had Been so seldom and whose character she knew not at alL She had only gaessed at him she thought a little sadly; constituted faun her hero, after a fashion ; surrounded him vrith imaginary qualifications which he had never possessed ; been struck with one or two {bases of character that were pleasant and manly ; but of the real Ambrose Obinery what did she know save and except -that he had trusted her; that he had seemed at once to understand her? *' You don't see why I should be sorry,' he repeated slowly, aud she could imagine ;that he was really looking at her with eyes -full of tenderness and love, *'I am always sorry when a young girl marries a man -twice or thrice her ' «vm age. It is so miserable a sacrifice, and for so miserable a reason.' - 'How can -you tell that?' asked Mary. ' It is a miserable reason on both sides,9' he replied ;'-*' the man has outgrown all know ledge of what real love is, and he does not, if he is a -wise man, expect real love for him in -return. HeknowB that on the woman's side it cannot possibly exist,' 'You cannot estimate women by your own poor standard of human life, Mr. Ghinery.' ' As a general rule^ — ' ' The general rule is a enarp,' she said, in terrupting him, 'and you have no right to judge me by it.' ' 1 have no right to judge you at all,' he answered sadly; 'it is you who have asked ? ane to explain.' 'Yes. Go on.' 'I am sorry you are going to marry Mr. Xovett. With all his money, with all the . wealth that has dazzled you, despite the ' position to which he will raise you, I am in tensely sorxy.' . . ' Why V she asked again. '. _ 'Because you do not care for him; because it ib utterly impossible that a woman like you ?can love a man like him. You have no pur suits in common; he will crush all your aspi xationSj set his foot down upon all your fancies and -wishes and young hopes; scatter them *«™ » hreathsB the windscattemhisfle down. Oh ! he cried, with excitement now, 'it is an unholy and mercenary match. You, Tvith genius and youthand powers of a rare affection, to marry this cotton-spinner; to be no better than any calculating, sordid souled woman one meets in Jfayfair; to consider that his money will repay you for the sacrifice you make to him, or that in -any way it can give you a moment's happiness. To think that you should be reconciled to so mercenary a match— you of all the women I have ever met that I could have said,- 'She's good.'3' 'But if I eay I love Jonathan Lovett, old as he is, rich as heis?' she cried. ' I do not understand you now.' ' If I say that it is love that takes me to his side?' she a«ked; ''that I see him a lonely man whose hie I can help to brighten, and -that I know it is only in my hands to do so ? \- -That I eee in him mnch nobility of character .. . . iand power of self-sacrifice, and true religion ? even? What then V 'lahould not believe you, I am afraid,' he answered. -s - ? 'Itistrue.' V ' - 'It cannot be true,' he said positively. . '- ?' It is !' she answered, as positively as he. '-??) ,-»e *Jid? not contradict her again; he was . impressed by her insistence and firmness, and was silent for awhile, thinking it over, wonder ing if all that he had thought and dreamed . were fragments of a vision. Presently he spoke again. ' It is true, then,' he said, ' and I am none the less sorry. You would tell me the truth, and, after all, why should I try and doubt you? That would be to lose my confidence in the one woman 1 have trusted. Titania loved Bally Bottom — why should not Mary Smith love Bully Lovett? . His address was a etrange mixture of the \- pathetic and the aggrieved, of the respectful and the sardonic— the outpourings of the heart of a dissatisfied man. Much that he had said Maiy Smith would have resented deeply atanothei time ; but he was blind and suffering, and not the Ambrose Chinery with whom she had parted a few months ago. Still, she replied to his last scoff, but very calmly. ' Titania was under a spell — I have become engaged to Mr. Lovett with my eyes open,' she said. 'Ah! it is a great advantage to have one's eyes open,' he replied ; ' I know that.' ''Oh! I did not mean — I did not think — pray, pray forgive my saying it !' she cried at once, deeply moved; 'I cannot remember! It seems so unlikely that you should be struck down like this. I do not believe in it yet.' He was moved by her emotion, and the firm mouth quivered strangely, in spite of his will. ' I am used to chance shots, friend — I know they are sot meant unkindly — no one would - try to wound me in that way. I can even think already that a man in my position gets more than his fair share of men's love and kindness and attention, and draws hearts towards him. and is cheered by hosts of friends, and bleeped' with the inward light their affection throws up --n his way. And I have made more friends since iny affliction than I ever d-d before. I have more trust, perhaps. More tiust in men,, I meao — and if you will for give my saying so.' '? _ Heie was the old ring of scorn again — what an anomaly this man was. 'There is nothing to forgive.' ' I am bitter — but my experience of the sex has not been favorable. Some men's are not — either by their own fault, or that of the women who have been thrust in their way. And then women change so,' he added. *' What kind of party has this Ploy Deane be come?' 'I am notqnalifiedto pronounce a decision.' ? ' You know her. That Dodson told me you had known herjnany years,' he said. ' Years ago 1 knew her — yes,' was the reply. ' When she was married secretly to you, and I thought she was single all the while.' ' Has she altered much V ' Very much.' 'As excitable and passionate as ever,' he said ; 'taking offence at every hasty word, and constituting it a grievance — loving and hating in one breath— inconsistent always— selfish always— always rain. Is that the woman still?' 'Yes— I think it is.' ' By Jove ! Deane has his work cut out — and the retribution is upon him. She drinks, too, Dodson says.' ' I have heard so.' * 'Poor Ploy — that is the last news of her, then,' he said, almost mournfully. 'I dare say if she had married a rich .man when she was young her hie would have been altogether different. If I bad been rich, now !' Mary Smith did not answer. The silence which followed this remark was answer enough for him. 'I was not hitting off at you,' he hastened to say ; ' but there, it is my time to apologise. We are taking it in turn6 — skating over thin ice, the two of us. But, thank our stars, we are neither of us thin-skinned. We do not intentionally seek to give offence — that is in excusable.' 'Is it?' was the dry, sad response, which Ambrose Ghinery paused again to consider. 'Oh! bygones are bygones, Mary Smith, are they not?' he said earnestly ; 'and I have spoken out my mind too freely, considering what a little we know of each other. Bat then I seemed to know such a lot ; you were one of -my own profession, in a way ; you wielded the instrument which is 'mightier than the sword,' and — and I took to you, and liked you, and treasured up very foolishly every bright, little, cheering, trustful word you ever said to me, You don't mind my telling you this 1' ' I -would rather ? ' 'I said more than this to Mr. Lovett — I will not call him ' Bully Lovett' any more, for your sake,' he added quickly; 'but when I wrote * to Mr. Lovett concerning his daughter Verity, telling him that I had met Foster Deane, and had urged him to call on Mr. Lovett, and tell him that the rascal was not aware that Verity had l«-ft home, and was not concerned in it, I took that opportunity of writing about you. I s&id; ? ' 'Yes; I know,' interrupted Mary Smith. 'Mr. Lovett showed me your letter ; or, rather, read it aloud to me.' 'Did he?' ' Yes.' 'Did he, though?' he repeated; 'read the letter! Did he?' Ambrose Ghinery did not rapidly get over this piece of information ; it seemed to require much vain repetition for the truth of it to be come fumly impressed upon his mind. 'He read aloud that portion of it which re ferred to me,' said Mary. ' I thought .he would — I intended that he should. I asked him. What did he think of it himself 2' '* He did not like it,' Ambrose Obinery laughed. ' If he had already thought of making you an offer, I am sot surprised. There was another Richmond in the field, though his armor was rusty, and bis helmet battered ont of shape— knocked into a -cocked hat in fact. But it was all true — that I said and thought. And do yon know what I said it for ?' ' I don't know— of course.' ' Can you guess ?' ' I -would rather nottry to guess,' was the reply. 'Why not?' 'Because I would rather not,' she said. ' I have a woman's reason. I will not dance because I will not dance !'_he quoted. ' Does not the verse -run something like that? And how wonderfully true the lines are.' '?'They^are Landor's, are they not?' 'Probably.' 'They ? ' 'Yes— rail right,' he said quickly; 'well talk about them presently— not just now. We will keep to one subject till we have threshed it out. ITorthis once. For,' he added, 'I shall meet you no more 1' Her heart thrilled at his deep tones, but she would have stopped his confession if she could —if it' had been possible. 'I -wrote all that as a bint to you which you might consider after your own fashion,' he con tinued ; ' which I left you time to consider, so that there -should be no hasty judgment, or hasty answer to it. I had let you know before then what I was, and what a wrecked life mine had been. I knew yours -was to be bright and famous soon, and yet I let you see — and Jonathan Lovett see— that I loved you, and would be glad to come back to England one day and tell you so. I believe I warned you that I should do so at the door of Goalsby In stitute last autumn, and— well, I thought you understood me. That's all.' Mary Smith was very silent. There were tears in her eyes, and it was as well that he could not see them. They made her as blind as he was for a fleeting instant. And yet she could not say that she understood him too well. ' I did not think I was coining back in the dark, though,' he continued, after a pause ; 'that Othello's occupation would be -gone ; that I should soon be very poor— a grass kind of widower, with a child to take care of and a first wife still living, aud a pension doled oat to him from some charitable society or other ; or perhaps from the Waterspout people, wno are liberal, if cautious. I did not think of this . happening — and under these circumstances I should not have asked you to become my wife, or take such a seedy, devil-may-care fellow for a husband, and support him for ever after wards. That was not on the cards.' Mary Smith was still silent, and after wait ing for awhile, he said a little tetchily — *' Have you not a word to say to me ?' ' Whatcan I say?' she murmured. 'Something by way of consolation, if you will— if you only will,' he pleaded, ' to make the Test of my life a little brighter than it is — and if you can say it truthfully, of course. For 1 am going away from you — for -very good — and here's an end of me after this night. And a few kind -words— if only in forgiveness for my great presumption, for the harsh word3 that may have escaped me in my first surprise— will be treasured always — will remain forever after wards the fairest of all memories of you.' 'I know not what to say,' she replied help lessly. ' Say anything. I will be quite content.' 'And this is the last time I shall ever see you?' 'Yes. The very last.' For an instant it was her impulse to tell him she had loved him — tbat she had waited for him, prayed for his safety when away, looked forwatd hopefully to his return, taken the words in his letter to Jonathan Lovett to her heart, and prized them as dearly as he could have wished. But it was not fair to Mr. Lovett, or fair to herself, or to the stricken man sitting there before her. It would lead to so many questions — it would put her in a false light— there was so much, after all, that would not be comprehensible, and so much that she could never tell him. It would dis tuib the placid surface of the lake, and bring on turmoil and storm, with no result that was advantageous to either of them. It would give him a false impression of her, set him against her presently, and, at least, she would be one of his fair memories to the end. 'I forgive the harsh words which have escaped you,' she said, 'and which I do not think you wished me to take seriously, or to be left with me as your legacy. Heaven knows, Mr. Ghinery, what I - understood by your letter, but at least X was very proud of your esteem of me, and I knew no greater sorrow in my life than when the newspapers falsely told me you were dead. It was as though one had gone from my life — one adviser to whom I night have come some day with my little literary trouble?, to have tbe benefit of his larger experience — one true friend and brother —the father of the little girl left to my charge.' 'f wis-h I hud r?it-d in the desert,' he mut ter* d, *'it would have been so much the better.' 'No, no ! You are rash and ungrateful. Life is before you — your eight will return — you are farnou6 — you must not despair. You have no right to despair, Mr. Chinery ; it is not like you. ' ' I am not like myself. I have changed,' he answered. 'And will change again, back to your old self.' *' No. I think not.' 'For Dids' sake.' 'Ah ! thank you,' be replied. 'Yes, there are one or two missions for me left yet — there is much to do. Well, a blessing upon you, Mary Smith, in all conditions of life, which I pray may be fair and smooth, and full of the colors which God can give it, if He will. And so good-bye to you.' He had risen now, and was standing facing her. 'You will wait to speak to my father again ?' she asked. 'I would rather not. If you will help me on with my coat I shall be obliged,' he said, in a matter-of-fact way. ' You are going, then?' 'At once.' 'Mr. Lovett gave me a message to deliver to you.' ' To me ?' 'Yes— to you.' 'It is no consequence,' he said ; 'you must not worry me with any of his messages to night.' 'It is only that he wishes to Eee you to morrow. 'That is not likely,' he said with a short laugh. ' ' You will not leave Goalsby early ?' '1 hardly know when I shall leave the town. Possibly late — I can't say.' e 'Mr. Lovett wishes you to call at Keccle son,' she said, ' It is quite impossible.' ' He will call on you at your hotel.' ' 1 do not think he will.' 'Do you dislike him so much?' she asked re proachfully. *' No, no !' he answered quickly ; ' but there is nothing he can say which I shall be glad to hear — which will not pain me to listen to. And I would be spared, if it were possible.' Mary Smith helped him into his great-coat, and said sadly — ' You are hard upon him.' *'Yes. I am a villain — a coward. But forgive me ; I am not myself to-night, I am a mad man at heart.' Tfcen his strong arms suddenly enfolded her to him, and bis face was against hers before she was aware, and his hot, passionate kisse? were on her face and lips, until she struggled despe rately away from him. ' How — how dare you do this !' she cried, sinking into a chair panting and affrighted. 'I am mad ! You will hate me now. You have a right to hate me with all the rest of them I' he cried ; then he stumbled his way out of the room, and the instant afterwards she heard her father speaking to him. ' I will see you across to your hotel, Mr. Chinery.' she heard her father say. ' Thank you. I shall be glad,' was Ambrose Chinery 's reply. ' What time is it ?' ' About half-paEt 11 — perhaps a few minutes later.' ' And I have to catch the midnight express to London,' said the blind man. Chapter V. — Me. Smith's Maxceuvees. Ambrose Chinery took the arm of Abel Smith when they were outside in the culd street. ' I think I could have found the way to my hotel without your assistance, Mr. Smith — which I do not deserve,' he said. ' It is no trouble. It is an honor, I repeat,' said Mr. Smith politely. 'Honor!' cried Ambrose Chinery, with a sudden laugh which scared the eider man ; 'like me, you have strange notions of honor, sir,' 'It is an honor to be of service to a man so gifted as yon are — and before whom is a famous future,' said Mr. Smith warmly; 'that is what I mean. 'Do you generally pitch it as strong as this?' asked Chinery gloomily. 'I don't 'pitch' it at all, Mr, Chinery,' eaidthe other at once; 'indeed, I was pre judiced against you before I had heard your lecture.' 'And then?' 'And then I thought you were remarkably able — and that with such powers as you possess ? ' 'That'll do, old man!' he said abruptly; 'yours is not the first prophecy of the kind, perhapp, but it will no more come true than the others. I am not an able man — I am an egotist and a fool! — and a blind fool! I am one of the most unlucky men in all the world. I am always in the wroDg. I insult my best friends — I make people utterly despise me,' 'No, no ! I don't.believe it.' 'And I ought to be despised. When you get back again to your daughter tell her tbat that is my opinion of Ambrose Chinery. That I agree with her in every particular — that I am a scamp and an unprincipled dog, and have out- Bohemianed Bohemia. She will understand what I mean.' ' My dear sir,' said Mr. Smith, ' the excite ment of lecturing has been too much for you in your present state of health.' 'Very likely. What does that matter to you?' ' Ob, nothing, still ? ' 'And what does it matter to me?' he ex claimed. 'I should be glad if it killed me outright, for that matter. I have cumbered the earth long enough — 1 have nothing to live for or to hope for.' 'Your daughter?' He was silent at this, for a while. When he spoke again it was in calmer tones— more like the old self that Mr. Smith had never seen. ' Oh, yes ! there's Dids, as your daughter has reminded me already. Poor Dids — poor little, strange, neglected Dids, who will never care for her father a great deal. But that is natural,' he added. 'I shall not expect or exact too much from one I have lived apart from. I shall — but what a maudlin, snivelling idiot I am to- night ! Don't you consider I am drurk?' 'N — no,' said Mr, Smith, strangely heBi tating over his reply; 'I don't think tbat exactly. I don't see how you can be.' 'Drunk with success, probably,' he said bitterly. 'I should not have thought success would have acted upon a man like this.' 'Success drives people mad. There are many instances of that,' was the dry response. 'Ask the keepers of asylums, or read the newspapers. A man gets an exaggerated idea of his own importance in the world — his super lative cleverness — and then he goes off his head like the fool that he is. The best thing for him, though ; it eaves him from becoming a nuisance tonis friends by raving about him self and his accomplishments, and they shut him up, shave his head, and have done with him. Are we not near the hotel yet?' he added tetchily. 'It is at the comer of the next street.' ' You walk slowly.' 'I am not a good walker at the best of times.' 'How's that?' said Mr. Chinery, with bur lesque anxiety ; ' tell me all about it.' But Mr. Smith was not to be lured on to another topic. It had already dawned upon him that Ambrose Chinery was talking against time, anxious to have all the talk so that Mr. Smith should not ask him any questions. And Mr. Smith was anxious to give him a hint or two, and Ambrose Chinery might have gaessed this — seen the ruse for all his blindness. ' I suppose you do not come back to Lanca shire, Mr. Chinery ?' he asked, without any at tempt to satisfy his companion's curiosity. ' Did I not tell you I was going to London ?' 'Yes,' said Mr. Smith; ' and at the con clusion of your lecture you spoke of returning to the hospital; but they will cure you there, I trust, and speedily.' ' I am not so sure what they will do to me,' he answered, listlessly. _'I should have been glad to hear — before you bid me good night — that you axe not coming back to (Lancashire ?' said Mr. Smith, slowly and emphatically now. ' That you have made London your home — the head centre as it is for all literary men, where theie is so much to do for anybody with brains.' 'Thanks for such a heap of valuable hints, Mr. Smith,' said Chinery. ' You are very welcome, I am sure. ' 'You give it with an object, of course. You don't want to hear again that I am in Lanca shire?' '1— I should be glad to hear you were in London for good,' was the reply. 'Are you afraid of me V 'Hardly afraid.' * ' Is your d aughter ?' ' Oh, no !' said Mr. Smith confidently, ' not she.' 'lam one of the dangerous classes, I believe. But,' he said, stopping of his own accord now, and forgetting his late anxiety to reach his hotel, 'I will not come back to Lancashire, I promise you.' 'That is well.' ' For my own sake, you understand. Not for yours, or your daughter's,' he added, some what roughly. 'I don't care for whose sake it is, so that you keep away,' said Mr. Smith. '?Because!' Mr. Smith did not reply so readily to this enquiry. 'Because your daughter is in love with me V he asked now, and between his set teeth. ' Ob, no ! not at all. Don't run away with such a notion in your head as that, Mr. CLinery,' replied the librarian. 'Because I am desperately in love with your daughter. Will that do ?' 'I don't say desperately ; but I have an idea that — that there is — a little attachment on your side,' Mr. Smith replied cautiously. 'Mr. Lovett has that idea too — you wrote and told him so, he telU lne ; aud — and it mikes matters just a little uncomfortable all round, and without any particular reason either, aud — and so I thought I would mention it to you.' 'Is old Lovett jealous?' Chioery cried, laughing now. ''Actually jealous of a penniless blind man ?'' 'He has never said a word about being jealous,' replied Mr. Smith, 'and I don't think he is. I don't eee why he should be.' 'Don't you?' replied Ambrose, with another of his hard laughs; 'neither do I, He has the pull of me. He has his money and his castle, and he is going to marry Mary Smith next month. Everybody in Coal'sby will tell you that. And Mary loves him and hates me. It is all right, old man .'' One could almost imagine that he had been drinking, his manner was so wild and strange. Suddenly he became very matter of fact. - ' Let us get on to this infernal hotel,' he said. 'I believe you have been taking me out of my way.' 'Well,' confessed the old man, 'I must own we have not come exactly straight.' ' Confound you !' ' I wanted to talk to you.' 'It is odd that you should have made up your mind to do so, and that I should have answered you — both of us strangers to each other,' he said thoughtfully ; ' but I take it, sir, that you have been listening to my con versation with your daughter, and that this burst of confidence and interest is the outcome of your eavesdropping.' 'Precisely so,' answered Mr, Smith. ' I should have thought you would have osen above all that,' said Chinery scornfully. 'I thought I was myself,' said Mr. Smith dolefully; 'but I have grown suspicious of late days. Your coming to life again so absurdly has made everybody unhappy— ani I thought that if it depended on any words of mine you should not add to their unhappiness very greatly after this night. I was on guard, for my daughter's sake — for the sake of the man I hope 6he will marry.' ' Do you doubt her marrying him?' ' I do not.' ' I love her, sir. I need not tell you that if I were rich,' he cried warmlyagaio — 'if I had only a fair chance before me— if I were not blind and helpless — if I should not drag her down to direst poverty— I would have done all in my power to win your daughter — to take ber away from tbat old cotton-spinner. Way not ? I loved her first, before he ever thought of her. And she would have loved me — perhaps did before I went away — perhaps dots. God knows ! I don't, and never, never shall.' ''Here is the hotel,' said Mr. Smith. ' Is there a fly waiting there ?' 'There is a cloEed carriage.' . ' It is for me, no doubt. Good-bye.' ' Good-bye, Mr. Chinery.' ' I will not come back to Lancashire,' were his last words. Then the two men shook hands, and a youth who had been waiting came from the hotel, took the arm of Jus blind master, and relieved Abel Smith of hie charge, ' I think I have made him understand, poor fellow,' said Mr, Smith to himself, as he walked slowly back toward the Free Library, 'and I hope it is all for the best. One can never tell in complicated cases like these, where nobody will speak out. Where ? God bless my soul— is tbat really you, Mr. Lovett ? Why, who would have dreamed of finding you in Coalsby at this time of night ?' Yes, it was Mr. Lovett, carefully buttoned up to the throat, and with Bome filaments of snow — which was now drifting down the street — resting on bia shoulders. He was very up right aud stern, with his stick held tightly in his hand. He would have marched past Abel Smith without perceiving him, so full was he of some piojtct in his mind, had not the librarian arrested his progress by an exclamation of in tense surprise. ' I have not been out of Coalsby this even ing, Smith,' he said. ** Have you been to the library ?' 'No, I have not,' was the sharp response. ' Oh, indeed !' 'I have been detained here by — by [business of importance.' ' And yoursister ?' 'She went back in the carriage long ago?' 'How will you return, sir?' ' I haven't thought about it. I suppose it's not impossible, is it, to get to a place six miles off?' 'Certainly, not impossible.' 'Then what is the use of asking such ques tions ? You are always like that, Smith.' ' Am I?' the other answered helplessly. 11 1 hate people eo full of questions. What do you want walking about the streets at this hour?' he said. 'I have been seeing Mr. Chinery back to his hotel.'- 'Which hotel is it?' 'The Dolphin.' 'Thank you.' Mr. Lovett was off again, had not Abel Smith seized him by the arm. ' You are going to see him 1' ' Yes, I am.' 'Is it necessary?' ' I have an idea that to morrow will be too late ; that be will not see me,' was the reply. 'Don't you think that — that he has had enough excitement and talk for one night, ill as he is, too ?' suggested Mr. Smith. 'I don't mind about that. I must see him,' ' Is it — is it so very important ?' he enquired again. '? I think it is. It is important to me, at any rate.' ' I— I wouldn't go.' ' I tell you I will go !' cried Jonathan Lovett ; 'it is a matter of life and death.' ' What !' 'And go 1 will, Smith.' ' Oh !' said Mr. Smith ; then he added, after an instant's pause — * ' You had better go straight to the railway station, then, for he leaves by the midnight ex press.' 'Why did you not tell me before, you idiot !' said Mr. Lovett, as he hurried away. Mr. Smith looked after him, saw him cross to a cabstand a little way farther on, and where one or two enormous hansoms, with horses to match, -were still upon the rank, clamber into the first vehicle, give directions to the driver, and be hurried away at a great rate towards the Coalsby station. 'What is he going to do, I wonder?' muttered Abel Smith. Chapieb VI. — Making it Cle&b; to Him. There was not much for Abel Smith to wonder at, after all. It was tolerably evident tbat Mr. Jonathan Lovett was anxious to over take Ambrose Chinery before that gentleman caught the night mail for London. What might be the reason for this singular proceed ing — this rash haste exemplified in a man who generally acted deliberately, and from calm conviction — it was not so easy to gaess. Mr. Smith was afraid that it did not bode any good to the peace of his daughter, that there were elements of discord rapidly developing from the lecture at Coalsby Town Hall, and that the lecturer's return to England— and to life — was not the unmixed blessing that it might have been to everybody -who had the honor of his acquaintance. Mr. Smith would go home and talk it over with Mary — perhaps she could see farther into cloud-land than her old father. Meanwhile the Brobdignagian hansom, drawn by a high-cheek-boned Brobdignagian horse, was whirled along with its fare to the Coalsby station, reaching that dusty, grim, fussy edifice as an illuminated clock, in an obtrusive turret built askew, marked three minutes to twelve. Mr. Lovett sprang out, paid his fare, and walked through the booking office on to the platform beyond. There was considerable bustle there, late as was the hour — many Goals by folk had evidently made up their mind to leave town in the middle of the night, and make for stations beyond the locality wherein they lived and throve; the porters were on the alert, the signal was 'down,' and the train from the North would be clanking up to the platform in another minute or so. Mr. Lovett ? looked right and left of him. Yes, there was Ambrose Chinery pasing up and down the plat form, in company with a youth, upon whose arm he leaned. It was a sad, grave face enough now, with all the passion anenched from it, and with a long look ahead, as it seemed, out of the eyeB which God had sealed— hardly a patient face, despite its gravity, and marked by a sternness which one did not see frequently upon his countenance. Jonathan Lovett notified that the journalist walked with difficulty, like a man tired out with his day's .work, aud having made this dis covery, the cotton-spinner remained in the background, and seemed perfectly content to watch the man he had taken so much trouble to discover. An instant afterwards the nigat mail had plunged intothe station, and doors were opening, and tired and sleepy passengers looking out, and a few travellers extra hungry or thirsty, leaping forth and scampering to the buffets, in wild haste for any refreshment that a minute and a half's grace would permit. Ambrose Chinery was assisted by his atten dant into a first class carriage, who, however, did not enter with him. He was a Coalsby lad from the hotel, and knew Jonathan Lovett by sight, as most Coalsby folk did, and held iiim inconsiderable estimation as one of those shining lights— the representative men of Lan cashire. Hence Jonathan Lovett found -an aide- de-camp more ready to his band and for his purpose than he had anticipated. The iad touched his hat, and 'Mr. Lovett held up a warning finger and stepped quietly into the carriage after Ambrose Chinery. 'Here, hid,' said Chinery, dropping some silver into the hands of his late guide, 'a little extra for keeping you out of your bed. And— many thanks.' ' Good night, sir. Thank you,' 'Goodnight.' Ambrose Chinery spread a railway rug over his knees, leaned back in his seat, and gave a very long, heavy sigh, thinking probably he was alone and at peace-^-f ree at last from all those who had worried him, or whom he hai worried. Going to London, and leaving Lan cashire for good, as he had promised Smith of Coalsby. At all events, in blissful uncon sciousness at present that the man that worried him most, who had upset all his calculations, changed his life, given a new turn to every thought, was sitting opposite him, with his big bands crossed upon his stick, and his round eyes fixed steadily upon his sightless face. 'Ticket, sir,' said the railway guard, sud denly appearing. Ambrose Chinery took bis ticket from his pocket, and the guard gave a clip to it with his nippers, and then shut the carriage door. He bad touched his hat to Mr. Lovett also, know ing him perfectly as a season- ticket holder, with a right to travel over a considerable stretch of the line, and thinking that Mr. Lovett was in a hurry for once to get away from his native place. Then a bell rang, the doors were banged to, a shrill whistle was given, and the train moved from the station and gathered to itself speed, as a live thing might do, anxious to get away from a place so outrageously full of smoke »nd smother. The furnace fires were all aolaze that night, and from tall factory shafts the flames were licking at the eky ; it was a town that rested neither night nor day. Mr. Lovett drew up the window, and this was the first intimation to the keen ear of the man opposite that he was not alone in the compartment- which had been chosen for him. Ambrose Chinery gave another sigh at this, and sat back in his seat with closed eyes ; but be was not composing himself for .sleep, only for a long thitik. Mr. Lovett thought it might be for tb.9 former, and as time was precious to him, and as he had made up his mind what to do, he thought it was as well to begin and get it over. He leaned forward and touched Chinery's hand, which was a very hot, dry hand, despite the coldness of the night, or the first minutes of the new day which had come to them both. Of tbe new life, too, though one was not aware of it. ''Mr. Chinery,' said Mr. Lovett, in a deep voice. Ambrose started perceptibly. He recognised the voice at once. ':Mr. Lovett,' he said, in a low, wondering tone ; ' is it really you — or your ghost?' 'It is I.' 'I am sorry you are here. I would have pre ferred jour ghost to-night,' was the response. ' Very Jikely.' Then Mr. Lovett changed places, and sat himself down by the side of Ambrose Chinery, who drew himself more closely into his own Corner, and looked vexed at the contiguity. 'You will hear what I have to say mare readily if I sit here,' said Jonathan Lovett, by way of explanation of his proceedings _ ' Have you anything to say tomb?' inquired the journalist, 'Yes.' ' Much to say ?' he added in a more wonder ing tone. ?' Tbat depends upon yourself.' ' Oh ! then you will not have a great deal to say ?' was tbe caustic response. Jonathan Lovett touched his hand again, and once more aggravated Ambrose Chinery. What did he mean by these odd little dabs with bis hard, cold hand ? Was Jonathan Lovett going to patronise or to pity him? He, a vul gar parvenu, with a fortune made out of shoddy — the man of cotton giving himself airs to the man of letters. Confound him and all his works ! And confound the ill-luck which had set such a man by his side, and possibly all the way to London. As if he had not been tried enough to-day — as if the day had not been long and cruel enough already ! Or, rather, as if the new, young day which the chimes of Coalsby had heralded in a few minutes ago were to follow on like the old — full of the old day's bitterness and disappoint ments and griefs. 'Young man — for you are a young man to me,' commenced Mr. Lovett, ' I am sorry you aie running away in such desperate haste.' ' I am due at an operation to-morrow morn ing,' replied Chinery, 'and I should not like to baulk the operators with an interesting sub ject. Besides, this is the first time in my life I have ever been considered interesting, Mr. Lovett. Think of that.' ' I shall do nothing of the sort.' 'Ob, -very well. It is not compulsory, of course.' ' I don't want to listen to such nonsense as you are talking now,' said Mr. Lovett, gruffly and decisively ; anybody can say nasty, biting things who is cursed with a bad temper, and a disregard for other people's feelings — there's nothing clever in it, and nothing smart. And if there were I shouldn't laugh at it for one.' 'Really!' 'It wouldn't be in my line. You were rather partial to that kind of style at Scarlet pool, I remember, before I knew who you were; and one or two of my mates — gentlemen,' he corrected — 'whom I knew at the Grand — christened you the ' disagreeable dog !' That's all the credit you got from us Lancashire lads, Mr. Chinery.' 'I did not want any credit. I paid ready money for everything,' the other said. 'And you didn't deserve it, either,' he went on, not heeding Ambrose's remark, 'You were putting yourself out of the way to take us down a peg or two, because we were a bit too bumptious and independent for you ; and, though it wasn't kind, I dare say some of us were fair game enough to a highly edu cated, clever, superior person like yourself.' 'That will do, Lovett,' Ambrose said fret fully at laEt; 'never mind about my superiority, or my education, or my cleverness. You have not left Coalsby to-night to tell me this?' 'Yes I have.' ''It's a — Mr. Lovett, what the deuce are you driving at?' he exclaimed. 'I don't want to quarrel with you — I don't want to ex change many words with you — but perhaps you will explain this ?' ' I am coming, to it sharp enough ?' The elder man heaved a longsigh in his turn, and once more touched Ambrose Chinery's hands, who, after this, thrust them deep down into his pockets to escape further 'mauling.' ' Go on,' he said. ' I took a dislike to you at Scarletpool— it was -before either of us knew Mary Smith,' Mr. Lovett added ; ' before she had come there — when my daughter was alone — when everything was so different.' 'Ab, yes! so different!' echoed Ambrose, and in a different tone. '?Since then you have met with a great affliction. I have encountered a few trials — our life does not seem altogether a comfortable state even.' 'You tell me that!' 'Why should I not?' 'You who are going to be married next month !' 'I do not say so,' was the mournful reply. ' But you are engaged to Miss Smith. She is to be your wife. Why are you juggling with your words like this to me?' cried Ambrose Chinery indignantly at Ia3t. 'I am engaged to Mary Smith,' replied Mr. Lovett. ' That was settled a little while ago, and the preparations are going on for the wedding, and will continue to go on, just as a make-believe, and to keep people from chatter ing too much and too soon. But I shall not marry Mary Smith.' 'Sot — marry — Mary — Smith !' ejaculated Ambrose Chinery in little jerks, 'Precisely so.' 'And what is the reason you have changed your mind ?' asked Chinery. i *' Cannot you guess?' I ' No, sir. I will guess no more. I am listen ' ing to you.' 'Because Mary Smith loves you, and you are in love with Mary Smith,' said Mr. Lovett, putting out his hand again towards Chinery's, and finding nothing but coat buttons to reward bis search ; 'because I have seen this ever since the news of your resuscitation reached Lan cashire ; and that, fond of her as a man of my age surely is, and feeling even that it cuts away every hope from such a life as mine, I am not going to let the last act of my career be the making of her young life unhappy. That Bhall never be said of Jonathan Lovett, sir— so help me God !' Ambrose Chinery was moved. He had not expected such a declaration as this ; he had bien all along upon his guard, thinking Mary's father had sent Jonathan Lovett after him to sound him, to bribe him to keep away, to wring some pitiful assurance from him, the word of a man like him being not to be set down as gospel truth without stronger evi dence or influence to clinch it and confirm it. 'Go on, sir,' ne murmurea; '1 don't I .imdeistand you yet. Not quite ; not at all, in fact.' ' I suppose I am difficult to make out,' the other continued ruefully ; ' but of late days — I don't know the why and wherefore of it all— I have become changed. A man making bis peace, as it were— ras be would do if he were foing to die. Something like that; though in not going to die— not a bit of it.' 'Well?' ' But I am changed ; I am not the man you knew first at Scarletpool ; I've lost the hard ness out of me ; I've got soft from hanging too long in the sun, like a pear. Or Mary Smith has done me some good ; or my losses have taught me a lesson ; I don't know ; I don't want to know — I don't care,' he went on im patiently. ' All I know is this— that my lass is unhappy, and that Bhe is a good lass, and would keep her word and break her heart rather than say anything to break mine ; the soul of honor, sir — which I have not been, and which is hard for a man of business, Jiving by baseness, ever to be, because thers are such heap3 of liars and cheats trying to best a body. But I'm not going io have Mary Smith unhappj— she hasn't a right to be— she aha'n't be. I don't want to marry her ^dth the thoughts of another chap in her head, and look ing always o-rer her shoulder after him, even when he is hundreds of miles away. That wouldn't be any more happiness for me than for her — and eo I thought I would come and tell you, and get it over with you, to begin with.' ' What has put all this in your mind ? Has Mary ? ' fc 'She has not breathed a syllable. Bat I know — I c*n see — I'm Lancashire,' he said quite proudly. ' It may be all fancy. JealouEy.' ' I may be a bit jealous— yes, I am !' he cried. _ ' I wish you had never come back. I'm not thinking a great deal about your welfare, or your wrongs, or your chances— only of what Mary Smith thinkB of you ' '? You do not know what she thinks.' 'Yes, I do.' 'You know more than I, then,' said Am brose. 'She may hate me— very probably does hate me now, and for all that I know.' ' You don't deny you are fond of her, I sup pose ?' 'Why should I?' 'You have told her so! You have made love to her — haven't you ?' 'Yes.' 'Tonight even?' ' To-night was the first time I ever said a word of love to her.' ' I saw you kiss her, damn you I' said Mr. Lovett. ' I was standing over the way look ing up at the windows. But there, there !— you had a right, and I never had. Leave all thiB to me, now — will you? I want Mary Smith to be one of the happiest little women in the world, and she shall be. You see if she shan't be, you newspaper man, when you get your eyesight back again. That is my mission in life— it's not a bad one. I shall be happy, in my way, trying to promote hers and yours — perhaps .'' Ambrose Chinery's hands were out of his pockets, and the right hand clasped Jonathan Lovett's with a firm, steady grip that told of much gratitude and kindly sentiment and brotherly love ; but he did not speak for a long while. The train dashed through a tunnel, where there was a deafening row in their ears ; and when it had passed out into the open again Ambrose found bis voice. 'God bless you, sir,' he said in a low quavering tone ; ' you are one of the few good men left in this world, I should say.' '? I'm not a good man. Don't insult me !' ' ' This is not the first time I have heard of your good works. I met Dodson ? ' ' Never mind aboutDodson. I haven'ttime to talk of that ass. At the next junction where the .train stops I shall get out and leave you. I think,' he added, ' 1 have said all I want to say. You make me out, I hope, young man V' 'I am trying.' ' But you understand ? ' ' Oh, yes ! Yea, I understand,' said Am brose Chinery, in a somewhat bewildered fashion. 'You need have no fear for the future— whether you are blind or not. Your future will be Mary Smith's, and that is my care. You will marry a rich wife, you ? ' 'For heaven's sake, don't talk to me of riches. I don't want them. I don't wish to hear of them — I cannot .take one penny from you even. But,' he said, pressing his hand, 'for you thought of me, or rather for you thought of Mary Smith, I am indebted to you. And at least the lasting gratitude of one man will follow you to the end of his life.' 'Thank you,' said Mr. Lovett dryly, 'I don't fancy there is any occasion for that. I Alary Smith will be a bit grateful for my letting her off, that is all I want.' 'She will be. There is not a doubt of it. That is, supposing,' Ambrose added suddenly, and with commendable modesty, ' she really cares for me at all. Heaven knows, I am as ignorant as you are about that.' ' H'm,'saidMr. Lovett, They did not speak again till they were close upon the next big flaring junction, whisb. was full of noise and light and life. The train was slackening speed then. ' Will you write to me, or let some one write for you, from the hospital, to-morrow or the next day '!' Mr. Lovett said. ' I should be glad to hear from you— and to learn how yon are getting on. I should be glad, too, to come and see you shortly. To bring Mary to you — if you don't mind — and will have a little patience.' ' Good bless you !' muttered Ambrose Chinery between closed lipa, which quivered very much in spite of his determination to keep firm. ' I do not leave you with a sad heart now, I think,' said Mr. Lovett. ' I shall go the rest of my way rejoicing, sir.' 'That's well. How do you get to the hos pital?' 'A cab from the station will take me direct.' ' Ah ! — yes — very handy for you,' said Mr. - Lovett, in his old commonplace tone ; ' and now, good-night.' They shook hands, and when the train had stopped Mr. Lovett got out of the carriage and walked away without another word, as a conversational fellow-traveller will do at times with his luggage on his mind, or his indiffer ence to 'the amenities' highly developed at his journey's end. Ambro3e Chinery did not know he had gone, and thought he was stand ing outside on the platform waiting to see the train off, until he spoke to an imaginary Jonathan Lovett and got no answer back. (To'be continued.) 