SECOND NIGHT. On Wednesday evening the second debate took place, the subjoct for discussion being :— ' Is the development theory better fitted to ex plain natural phenomena as to its origin than Mosaic creationism;' Dr. York opening in the affirmative, and Mr Long replying on the other side. Tho times were as before — half- an hour each, and two quarters of an hour al ternately — and with each section of time the proceedings became more disorderly. Dr. York far the most part dealt with tbe matter by means of statements criticising the Biblical account of creation in an Iugersoltiem manner, while Mr Long mot the arguments of his op ponent, deriving assistance from copious notes. On Thursday tho discussion was again re newed, the subject on that occasion being: — 'IstheBiblo plenarily and divinely inspired.' Mr Long affirmed the question, and read a manuscript treatise, in which he avowed he accepted tho writings of Mosos because they were most comprehensible, whereas the account of a beginning given by scientific men could only bo understood by trained secularists, and therefore, useless to the million. He then dealt with evolution, and defended certain languago in the Bible by ? .asking if the records of crimo contained in newspapers and information in medical books could be objected to. He also defended Hie Bible against alleged mistakes by stating that such might be found in Shakespear. For instance, the great poet spoke of a bourne from which no traveller returned, and then he has the ghost of Hamlet's father parading the earth. Dr Long thon read his paper in which ho gave a view on tho onlv book he held was inspired, the book of the universe. Noisy interruptions followed, in which the adherents ? '' of ?- cither speaker took vigorous parts. Dr York ultimately, howovcr, finished and the ? debate closed. On tho whole, if neither one *. .side noti tho other can claim an advantage, ; ; there is.no doubt ? that the entertainment — if it can be bo called one — had a ludicrous aspect, which was easily ^grasped by the greater -; .portion of the assemblage. 