A NIGHT'S ADVENTURE. It was the morning after the first day's run on the Adelaide Savings Bank, and my household were assembled at breakfast. Of course, we were discussing the subject like every- body else, for the paper was full of it. My household, already" referred to, consisted of myself and wife-newly married-and her parents, for at that time we lived with the old people. We might have been living there now but for that unfortunate panic. But I anticipate. Like most other people who were just a little ahead of the world, and had a few pounds put by for a rainy day, we were personally interested in the Bank. And in our secret hearts we were very anxious about it. But we did not care to acknowledge that. So we spoke of the run as an absurdity, as being childish, unreasonable, and almost criminal. We said it was an instance of the way in which foolish people would take any madman's advice, and follow like sheep over any precipice, if any one should be rash enough to lead them. " I never heard of anything so ridiculous in my life," said the old gentleman, looking rather alarmed neverthe- less. ''The bank is as safe as the Bank of England, and I feel quite easy about my own small deposit." " Of course I agreed, said I couldn't understand how anybody would believe such idle rumours, hadn't any fear about my own little amount, and so forth. But mentally I resolved that before nightfall I would have the money, in golden sovereigns in my own possession. Just then the car was heard approaching, and my wife, as she kissed me good-bye, whispered in my ear " Do let us get the money out of the bank, dear, while we can, but don't say anything to father or mother. I wouldn't like them to think us afraid. "Certainly, I will do so since you wish it, my dear," I replied, glad to get so good an excuse as that of pleas- ing her but of course, as I am not afraid myself, you will see the propriety of not mentioning it to anyone."' When I returned from business in the evening, I carried with me a little bag containing the savings of my bachelor days. Very nervously, indeed I carried it; for to my excited fancy, even the most innocent looking persons appeared like highwaymen and bushrangers. Of course I said nothing to the old people about what I had done, and even refrained frommentioningthe subject at all, lest in an evil moment, I might, by some incautious word, commit myself ; but to my great relief they did not, in any way approach the matter. We filled up the evening with a little music and a rubber at w last, and at length it was time to retire for the night. So far all had gone well. We had got the cash, in full, and my wife's people had no suspicions, But how were we going to secure our money now we had got it Should we put it into a stocking and has; it in the chimney, or should we hide it under the bed And then my wife wanted to know whether I. had noticed anyone watch- ing like as I had left the bank, and if I thought quit house could be easily entered by thieves, and spoke of various other undesirable possibilities, which had occurred to me long before, but which I had been afraid to mention to her. At last we decided to sit up all night and protect our wealth in person, taking the duty in turn. I was to keep guard through the first half" and then she was to relieve the watch. So I sat down, and taking a novel that had just come out, prepared to spend the next four hours as comfortably as might be possible For an hour or two the night dragged on very slowly, nothing occurring to break the silence, but I attempted, with very moderate success, to take some interest in the story of was reading. After a while I try senses began to grow dull. I lost ; all t collection of the narrative before me, and then I awoke with a start 1 as the book fell out of my hands. This aroused the wife, who, not being able to get to sleep again, began talk- ing to me. , " I hope," she said, dear mother's money is all right. I think I will advise her to-morrow to-"' i What was that 1 We listened eagerly ; my wife white as a ghost with terror, and staring vacantly. My own heart seemed to stop, and then begin its beating again with awful distinctness. There it was again ! There could be no doubt about it now. It was a footstep, soft and stealthy, but audible. We had a burglar in the house ! For a moment I was unnerved, but only for a moment. My young wife was to be protected, and that was enough. I seized the candle and a heavy walking stick, and rushed downstairs. I could not see his face ; but in a moment we had rushed at each other the light was out, and we were struggling together fiercely on the ground. It was a fairly equal contest ; we were both strong and determined, but I was uppermost. . At this moment my wife, carrying a light in her hand and screaming wildly appeared on the stairs, and behind, her mother crying hysterically for help, and that murder was being done, " He's killing my husband and there's nobody to help, murder police ! murder J " shrieked the old lady at the top of her voice. " It's not your husband, it's mine,' screamed my wife. OF he'll be killed ! he'll be killed ! and what must I do." "All right, my dear" I gasped, as well as I was able, " I can manage it I think." " Where is my husband then % cried my mother-in-law again, fainting. "Here I am, don't be afraid, my love," said the voice under me. In my astonishment I let go my hold. It was the voice of her husband. There we stood speechless and amazed, unable in such astounding circumstances, to utter a word. My wife's mother first found her tongue. "What do you mean by attacking my husband, and frightening us all to death, you scoundrel " she yelled. " He is my husband," cried my wife, " and it was he who was attacked ; Oh ! that my father should be a murderer." And she sobbed bitterly. Meanwhile her father and J stood looking at each other, too much amazed to do anything else. At last, it occurred to me that there must be a terrible mistake somewhere, and I suggested that we should adjourn to my room for explanations. It now came out that our relatives, like ourselves, had withdrawn their savings on the previous day. Like us also, they had determined to watch their treaseur through the night. The noise my book made in falling had alarmed them, and burglars being feared, a search of the house was determined on. Thus the footsteps we had heard were accounted for, and the rest has been told already. I re-deposited the money next day, and sought fresh lodgings : but although I made ample and humble apologies, I am afraid it will be a long time before I shall be forgiven. Lantern 