The Advertiser MONDAY, JUNE 21, 1886. We have in previous articles indicated generally the principles upon which future public works may be carried out in a way fairly calculated to meet local requirements, and at the same time to guard the general resources of the colouy against demands which at present must either be refused or delayed until money in the State coffers is more plenti ful than it is likely to be during the next financial year. It may well be understood that all the retrenchment which has recently been practised and which is pro posed for the future will not meet the pressure which will arise from further borrowing. A million borrowed adds £40,000 a year to the ordinary expenditure of the colony. Re trenchment docs not and cannot go on at this annual rate. New expenditure for works of develop ment cannot now be derived from the oidinary receipts of the Treasury. The revenue is not sufficient to meet existing requirements, and accordingly fresh taxa tion has been proposed. So far as at pre sent understood it is to include stamp taxes and additional dutie? upon the estates of deceased persons. We do not enter into the question as to how far stamp duties are likely to affect commerce, or how they may fall upon the various classes of the community; nor is it at present desirable to discuss the merits of the proposal to further tax bequeathed or intestate estates. It is sufficient to point totheundeniablefact that the taxes already in existence—those upon income and land —have not materially relieved the revenue or assisted to reduce the deficit. These questions, however, may be relegated to the time for the discussion of other subjects which cannot fail to arise as the present session of Parliament proceeds. What we desire to see is that the public expenditure on public works shall be re productive in fact as well as in name; that those for whose immediate as well as ultimate benefit they are undertaken shall pay at least for the first advantage, because they are bound to secure the in creased profit resulting later on. The whole of the difficulties may be overcome by a reorganisation of the local bodies in the colony which are in any way con cerned with public improvements or with local taxation. A division, of the colony into districts under the control of local boards of works would form a first step. Such boards should poE?es? powers to make every provision for local improvements by taxing' all the property within their limits to such an extent as would provide for the ordi nary preservation of the public works which have been executed within the boundaries of their jurisdiction. They have the use of them, the enjoyment of them, and their personal profit upon them, with little or no cost to themselves. The exercise of such powers as it is pro posed to confer upon.these boards would at once relieve the Government from the maintenance of main roads and from the subsidies to district councils and corpora tions, and would compel local bodies to rely upon themselves for the satisfying of a large measure of their wants. This would give them a better status, and a sense of independence which they have not yet chosen to assert. For some time to come local bodies would not be in a position to undertake new works except upon a moderate scale, and scarcely then without some public assistance. Such assistance, however, might and could be rendered with out embarrassing the Government of the day, and without overstraining the borrowing powers of the country. Special woiks recommended by local boards of works would be dealt with in an intelli gent and economical manner. They would be investigated, modified, and approved according to a full knowledge of require ments and a proper estimate of the cost, and with due precaution taken for their proper execution. These preliminaries being observed, the Government might prudently advance the money which would be required, charging a sufficient interest to cover the loans and all the ex penses connected with them. The Go vernment would thus protect the revenue, restrict the amount of new loans, and give substantial help to localities which would base their expenditure upon a principle of real and useful progress. Local demands would be restricted under such circumstances to the means of the localities, the residents of which would be ready and willing to tax themselves for honest and necessary works, and the new system we are sketching out would abolish that practice of leg- rolling in Parliament which has led South Australia into so much un profitable expenditure. It would be useless to attempt to carry into effect a scheme like this unless" the Government which advanced money reserved to itself powers of sufficient extent to cover any deficiency in the payment of the interest npon advances. Where there was a failure either to make a rate to provide the annual payment, or to provide the payment without atsy rate, the Govern ment should haveauthority todeclare a rate from year to year, so as to be able always, without dealing with other funds at their command, to provide sufficient funds to meet the obligations entered into with the public creditors on account of loans con tracted for and expended on local pur poses. The introduction of a policy of this nature might meet with some disfavor at the outset, but if it were made an ultima tum in respect of future expenditure in outlying parts of the country the new system would be accepted, and the de velopment of the country would proceed quite as certainly if not as rapidly as it has hitherto done. Those who remember the establishment of district councils, and who have watched the history of local bodies and noted the large changes which have taken place in them and in their powers, may look forward with some con fidence to the adoption of a scheme which becomes in fact only another step in the direction of complete local government. Such a system as we have indicated, whilst it would necessarily take out of the hands of a colonial Parliament the power of dealing with matters with which its members can at the best be imperfectly acquainted, would place them under the control of bodies whose knowledge and good judgment would restrain their desires and demands for expenditure on local works within just and reasonable bounds. The policy we have pointed out is not without its substantial advantages to the local boards it is proposed to create. The Government, which will have a portion of the cantrol over the expenditure that may be incurred, will gain something in the reasonable limitation of the outlay. The local bodies will be the greatest gainers in the end. District coun cils as well as corporations have mul tiplied to an unreasonable extent. With the increase of corporate bodies expenses have been increased, so that the cost of administration bears an undue proportion to the money which is raised and expended. The disproportion will become apparent when the amount of the Government grants is deducted from the amount of the rates received. The ratio of the expenses of management will thus appear in its true form. A consolidation of districts must wipe out a number of district councils which have separated from larger organisations, not only for local but for specially personal purposes. All the money expended in the payment of salaries by -districts and corporations which should not have been established will merge into the funds of local boards. The management of pounds must be a part of the functions of district boards. A large amount of engineering expenses will be done away with, and the control of much that is now done by the Survey Department must localise itself in order to have full justice done to local boards of works. If such institutions were called into existence the principles of local self government would be fully realised. By the very force of circumstances the general government would be strengthened. The policy of the day would not be at the mercy of members who represent little else than isolated views and requirements, but something would be done towards making ministries stable and powerful by freeing them from the temptation which now often exists of securing support by making weak concessions to local as op posed to general interests. Ho statesmen have greater difficulties to face tlian the rulers of Russia. Forpurposes of policy they have excited in the minds of the many millions of Russians a most intense feeling of nationalism. With this also the religious aspirations of these masses have been greatly aroused. Playing upon the national and religious feelings, the men who act in the name of the Czar have from time to time induced the people to make gigantic exertions to bring Constantinople under the authority of the Bear, and again to place the stan dard of the Cross on the ancient Christian Cathedral now spoken of as the mosque of St. Sophia. The Czar and his couosel lors find that it is easier to raise than to lay the spirit of a nation. Hence they find themselves in a great dilemma. Carried forward by the spirit of nation alism, the people demand that the Government shall take severe measures to thoroughly Russianize the Baltic pro vinces. As will easily be seen, this is a most cruel and impolitic demand. A well-in formed writer, resident in St. Petersburg, states that 90 per cent, ot the people understand German, and that only a email part of the population know the Russian. The bulk of the influential peopleare Germans, with German schools, universities, and courts of law, which they have had for centuries. They are also, as a whole, vastly in advance of the Russians in civilisation. It is almost an in credible fact that a new law has ap peared mai-ing the US6 of the Russian language obligatory in the courts of law in these German countries. This is announced as part of a universal Russianising of the various institutions of the country ; schools and universities are to be included. These proceedings are filling the Baltic provinces with discontent, and are awakening much sympathy in Germany. But the Russian papers hound on their Government, who ire obliged to yield to the national will, even though it endangers the possession of some of the brightest jewels of the Im perial Crown. The Czar also finds liimaplf much ham pered in dealing with the Bulgarian ques tion through the force of the same spirit of nationalism in his people. There is widespread lamentation and dissatisfac tion over the loss of prestige and in fluence in Bulgaria. It is said that this prestige is now dead, and will never be brought to life again. Hence the Rus sians behold a strong barrier of their own making between themselves and Con stantinople. They look upon Prince Louis of Battenburg as the chief cause of this untoward state of affairs ; so a large party of his most loyal subjects call upon the Czar to occupy Bulgaria. As a concession to public opinion, as well as to quicken the pace and influence the processes of diplomacy, huge bodies of troops have been and are massed in the southern provinces of the Empire. But the Czar knows that those troops cannot cross the frontier excepting at the cost of a European war. To satisfy and if possible quiet his own people, as well as weaken the Turk, he has given as much support to the Greeks in their late failing efforts to secure the cession of Epirus as he could and dare do. Finland presents a most thorny problem to the powers that be at St. Petersburg. It will be re membered that Finland was wrenched from Sweden as the fruits of war. But it 'Jiaa not been Russianized. The Finns have their own laws and institutions of government, the use of their own national colors, and a distinct army of seventy thousand men. They have also a Parliament. Almost to a complete extent they have home rule. On the part of the Finns the feeling of nationalism has greatly increased, and may now be said to be at white heat. They are making great efforts still farther to diminish Russian influence and rule in die country. Thus the Czar and his advisers find themselves in a very awkward fix. On the one hand the nationalism of the Finns demands a diminution of the Russian and a fuller play for the Finnish ideas and genius; on the other the immense Russian people urge the Govern ment to take measures to thoroughly Russianise Finland. Like most politicians the St. Petersburg rulers would no doubt be glad to leave things alone. If they obey Russian opinion they will fill Finland with re bellion and discontent, and change it into another Poland. If they can temporise they will do so. But if not, to the great injury of all parties the Government must obey the will of the Russian masses and crush the Finns. For in modern times the strongest public opinion makes the Go vernment but its organ and servant. The thoughtful man reflecting en these things can but lament the willingness of one nation to afflict another nation. We talk of the cruelty of kings, but the cruelty of nations to nations is quite as great. If the Russian people could but understand how these foolish and inane attempts to forcibly incorporate men of other religion, race, language, and blood, only produce hatred and hostility to their empire, and may end in its grievous disruption, surely they would change their course. The collision between Finnish and Russian national feeling may result in dreadful triumph over a weaker people. But if the Russians thoroughly inflame the Germans, they will learn that it is much better for nations as for individuals to make friends than enemies. It was the same inflamed feeling of nationalism which made it so difficult for Russia to make concessions to the British in the settlement of the Afghan frontier. There have been one or two hitches in that matter. But it is said that the commissioners have got over the ticklish part of the line—that most contiguous to Herat—and that it has been found possible to define a line boundary satisfactory to both the Russians and the British. It is said the further marking of the line east of Mourgaba will afford no ground of con tention. There were at one time rumors of a misunderstanding which caused a great fall in the Russian funds, but these are believed to have been tke work of the Stock Exchange speculators. On the whole the world has devout reason to hope that the Russian feelings of nationalism may be kept within the limits of reason and justice. The rty ninth anniversary of the acces sion of her Majesty Queen Victoria to the throne will be celebrated today which will be observed as a public holiday through out the colony. Notwithstanding the general depression of which so much ha 3 been beard lately, there .appears to be no lack of amusements for the benefit of those accustomed to look for them when occasion allows. The laying of the foundation-etone of tbe Jubilee Exhibition at noon is the principal event, and this will doubtless attract a latge crowd. There are to be some good races on the Old Course, including a two and a half mile steeplechase, coursing matches will take place at Kensington ; the ovals will be occupied by prominent football clubs, and there are to be atbleticsportsin Adelaitieandat Henley Beach; tbe Field Naturalists will go upon an excur sion to tbe Patawalunga Creek, and all the available seaside resorts will probably be well patronised; two steamer* will leave Fort Adelaide in the morning for trip 3 across the gulf; in tbe evening besides the per formance of the "Private Secretary" at the Theatre Royal, there will ba an entertainment at the Academy of Music, a fancy dresa ball in the Albert Hall, and other amusements. Considerable progress has been made with the works at the site of the Jubilee Exhibition, the foundation-stone of which will be laid by bis Excellency the Governor at noon to day. The walls of the basement floor are nearly com pleted, the work having been greatlyexpedited by the contractor, who has about 75 men in his employment on the ground. The piers which ate to support the terrace running round three tides of the building are rapidly approaching completion. The main building has readied ench an advacced stage that the public will be enabled to form some estimate of its extent, though owing to the depth to which ti*e masonry bag had to be carried below the present level luuch of the contractor's work is lost to view. The carpenters are laying the joists of the ground floor, and on Saturday they were busy patting down portions of the flooring near the site of the foundation-stone. The stone itself is a fine block of Kapunda marble, beautifully polished on the face, on which an inscription has been let in with ineffaceable lead characters thus—"Adelaide Jubilee International Exhi bition, 1887. This atone was laid by the Governor, Sir W. C. F. Robinson, K.C.M.G.. June 21,1886." The ladies on the platform at the ceremony will be accommodated with chairs, supplied from the Town.Hall. The other guests will be provided with seats which were in course of erection on Saturday, and arrangements have been made with a view of preventing aoy inconvenience to those engaged in the ceremony from excessive crowding. Amongst the documents to be placed under the stone is an original copy of the following hand bill, .printed in London, which explains itself:—" New Colony of South Australia.— Public Meeting—A Bill having been brought into Parliament under the sanction of nia Majesty's Government for founding a colony in South Australia, and authorising his Majesty to appoint commissioners for the dis posal of public lands and the management of emigration, there will be held on Monday next, 30th June (1834), in the great room at fixetec Hall, a public meeting for the purpose of ex plaining the principles, objects, plan, and pros pects of the new colony." The names of the chairman, the committee of the South Aus tralian Association, the treasurer, solicitor, and hon. secretary are appended. The Hon. E. C. Baker had an interview with the Minister of Justice and Education (Hon. Dr. Cockbum) on Saturday morning with regard to the ocean maQ contract. Mr. Baker detailed at length the negotiations that had been carried on by himimif on beh*lf of the colonies with respect to the calling for tenders for the ocean mail service and the re sult thereof, and promised to lend the Minister any assistance in his power in the future con sideration of the subject. Mr. Baker imparted such complete information that the Minister has decided that it is not necessary to ask him to furnish a written report, especially as the latter whilst away in England wrote fully to him on the matter. At a meeting of the Masons'and Bricklayers' Association, held on Friday, evening, it was decided that the men who have struck work on the new building being erected for the Bank of Australasia in consequence of the contractor (Mr. Jnde) requiring them to con tribute towards an accident fund, should re xcAin out unless the contractor agreed to pay them their full wage. On Saturday the men eetxrtd determined to stand firmly to the position they have taken, and the whole of them have made up their minds to leave the colony rather than support the fund. Mr. Jcde has also declined to yield an inch, although we understand he recognises the fact that the absence of the masons from the build ing will necessitate a stoppage of the works on or about Wednesday next. It will be remembered that about two months since the Irish National League (South Aus tralia), forwarded from Adelaide a telegram to Mr. Panel], asking him to convey to Mr. Glad stone the sympathies of the Irish people of Sooth Australia in hie efforts to pus the Home Rule Bill. On Friday Mr. Win. Dixon, president of the league, received an acknow ledgment from Mr. Panel], as follows:— "Dear Sir—l duly received your cable of the 12th April, in behalf of die Irishmen of South Australia, which my colleagues and I have read with much pleat-Tire, and for which we are much obliged.—l am, &c;, Cbas. S. Pabnelu" It was decided at a meeting of the patronage committeeof St. Paul's Church and the trustees of St. Paul's School, Polteney-street, held on Saturday morning, to nominate Canon Green as incumbent of St. Paul's Church in succession to the late Dean RuseelL Mr. A. Esau, manager of the Camel Carry ing Company, who has just returned to Ade laide after a seven months' trip through Central Australia and Western Queensland* gives us some interesting particulars regarding the state of the country there. He left town on December 7 of last year, and when he reached the Streletzki Creek found that five inches of [ rain had fallen, and the country was looking' splendid, with plenty of feed. In Queensland the prospect improved if anything the further he went on, but business in, the western and southwestern districts is stagnant, as everywhere else. Mr. Esan found that the trade which South Aus tralia has hitherto been doing with South western Queensland is now going to Bock hampton and Brisbane. The Bockhampton line has been extended westward past Jericho to a point less than 200 miles from the Sonth Australian "border, and it is in tend to push it further in our direction. There is also a railway from the Gulf of Carpentaria toNormanton. He considers thatthe only way to recover the trade which is slipping away is to provide the squatters with railway communica tion towards Farina, and that an extension to Ipnamincka would be preferable to one t9 Birdsville, because the line is shorter—about SCO miles in all—and would tap more and better country. At the present the trade in the farthest south-west of Queensland goes to Bourte.'the terminus of the Great Western line from Sjdney, but if we had a station at Innamincka we should be nearer the seat of trade than Bourke, and goods would have a shorter distance to travel from Port Augusta than from Sydney. At present merchandise from Bourke is goingup to Queensland by hun dreds of ton?. On nis return southward two or three weeks ago Mr. Esan found the country dry even in Queensland, and very dry in South Australia. At Tall&tchi;, 50 mites south from Twnaminclr*, there was barely a diink. At Mundrabarcoola there was a good supply of water, but from there to Mulligan's Springs the track was nearly waterless for over GO mile?, except at the Willow Well, where the water contains numbers of rats and is quite nnd linkable. In fact the whole country was undermined by rate, which had travelled as far south as Waukaringa when Mr. Esan passed. They weie a veritable plague, the traveller often waking np in the morning to find that half ? dozen had sought warmth beneath hia blankets, and bad eaten the greater part of his boob or devoured the padding out of his saddle. The rats appear to have migrated from the north of Queensland, having been driven southward by the floods. They are now eating the bush, and are a terrible nuisance to the squatters, who have to place all their stores on raised plat foims, and even then the marauders often suc ceed in effecting an entrance. The drought now appears tobe killing tile peat off rapidly. Ordi nary means of destruction were quite useless, dogsand poison making no perceptible difference in the vatt number of the rodents. On his way down Mr. Eean met a number of men nml-inp northward from Queensland to the Mnlligan Biver, and across to the overland telegraph lice, en route to the Kiniberley gold diggings. From the state of the conntry on their road he feared a large number of the men will perish on the way. On the Queensland border partial showers fell a few weeks ago, and the night before the party crossed the frontier it came down heavily. The change from Queensland to South Australian territory was very marked, nature appearing to have unfortunately placed most of the good hind on the other side. With the death of Hobart Pasha, which is announced in our London telegrams published to-day, ends a distinguished and, in some re specte, an unparalleled career. Daring the terrible straggle between Russia and Turkey some five or six years ago, no name was better known throughout the world than that of the gallant Englishman who had taken up the cause of the Sultan, and bad risen to the highest dignities in the Turkish navy. Augustus Charles Hobwt, who was born in 1822, was the son of the Earl of Buckinghamshire. At the age of fourteen he enteied the Royal Navy, and in his youth gave cveiy promise of becoming eminent in his profession. While a midshipman he dis played unutual zeal and activity in connection with the suppression of the slave trade in Biazilian waters, and his services were recognised by his appointment in 1815 to tha Queen's yacht. lie commanded IT,M.S. l?nver in the Baltic during the Crimean vmr, and bis gallant behaviour at the capture of Bomsitund snd the attack on Abo procured for him special mention in official dispatches. At a later period of his life, after Hobsrt's re tirement on half-pay from active service in the British Kary, we find his ad<renturoa£ spirit employing itself amid the excitements of blockade running along the coast of North Carolina during the American civil war. His connection with the Turkish Navy began in 1867, in which year he took charge of the Sultan's fleet sent to Crete for the purpose of putting anend to the blockade-running of the Greeks. HobMt per formed his task so well at this critical penod of affaire in the East that alike from Turkey, Austria, and France, .his services earned him many decorations. By the Sultan he was raised to the rank of pasha and appointed an admiral. As Inspector-General of the Turkish >*avy he was employed for many years in reorganising and improving the fleet —a work which was completed with conspicuous success. In 1867. the Greek Minister in London having directed attention to bis engagement by the Sultan in the Cretan blockade, his name was struck off the Navy List on the ground that in acting for a foreign power without leave of the British Government he bad been guilty of a breach of naval discip line. Hbbart, however, made %n appeal to Lord Derby to be reinstated in his position, and as his connection with the Turkish Navy was held to be advantageous to England, bis application was granted, and he was restored to his former tank as captain in the navy, being pUoedon (be retired list in 1874. When tha Huso. Torkua war broke out, sad Eoghud usoed a proclamation of neutrality, Hobartfe P<>?* tiun again became the subject of dis cussion. It na evident that he could not retain his rank as an English naval captain while actively engaged as a Turkish admiral, and the alternative was pre sented to him of choosing between the service of his native country and that of the Sultan. Hobart did not hesitate, but at race threw in his lot with the Turkish '-cause, which he served with remarkable ability during the war. Subsequently he was elevated by the Sultan to the rank of Mushir and Marshal of the Empire, being the m-st Christian on whom that dignity has ever been conferred. The deceased pasha was a maa of exceedingly active disposition, equally brave and intelligent, and as a naval com mander he deservedly enjoyed a world-wide reputation. The master of the ketch Budgeree, hiving left Thursday Island for the Mac Arthur River u-ith cargo, on which he had evaded the pay ment of duty, Mr. Searcy, the sub- collector of Customs at Fort Darwin, took advantage on Saturday ol the departure of the steamer Ellasgowau for that place. The Minister of Education informs us that Mr. Searcy has been instructed to impose a fine of £20 upon the runaway captain. On Sunday morning a youth named John Baker, aged 19 years, was admitted into the Fort Adelaide Casualty Hospital suffering from a severe injury to his right hand, caused by an accident with a gun, at Port Gawler. It seems that Baker was m the act of loading a double-barrel gun when one of the triggers fell, discharging the contents of one of the barrels, and causing the injury mentioned. He was brought to Port Adelaide from Virginia by a traveller named Thomas Boyee. At the hos pital Pr. Toll assisted by Dr. Curtis ampu tated a portion of the hand and three fingers, and the patient iB progressing very favorably. In their breadstuff* circular dated June 31, Messrs. J. Dunn &? Co. write :—"\Vlthin 120 miles to the north and north-west of Ade laide the wheat plant i?, considering the drought, looking fairly well; beyond that the seed on tens of thousand] of acres is lying a? dry and sound as the day it was sown. During the past month the anxiety in all minds, owing to the tfoomy outlook, has been workel t* the highest point, but while our members of Parlia ment were bewailing in long speeches the aspect in the north the rain in some of the dtiett agricultural districts had already com menced, the register in the better-favored districts showing nearly an inch. If the rain withheld in the early months of the year falls regularly up to October, we think it within the bounds of possibility that we may reap a larger crop thin ever before." An illustration of the practical benefits that may be expected from the institution of a centre of the St. John's Ambulance Association in A?Tal?iHji occurred on Saturday night. A horse attached to * vehicle containing two persons bolted and collided with a fr-ym^r in Waymouth- street- The horse was knocked down and trampled under foot by the tram bones, and the occupants of the vehicle were thrown out violently. One of these app3ars to lave escaped unhurt, but the other, Mr. James TiUley. an ironworker oE Goodwood South, was discovered lying close to the wheels of the car in an unconscious state. Fortunately Mr. John Witherick, a certificated member of the above asaocjVion, was on the spat, and he took charge of the case. Having a pocket tourniquet with him he was successful in stopping the flow of blod from a wound in the forearm, and also succeeded in re storing consciousness. The police then pro cured a stretcher and the sufferer wai removed to the hospital, where his hurts were attended to. This illustration should be sufficient to commend the St. John's Ambulance Associa tion and Its valuable teaching to the general (There was a moderate attendance of members at the meeting of the Law Students' Debating Sodtty, held at the Supreme Court library oa Wednesday evening. Mr. H. B. Taylor to :>k the affinutive, and Mr. G. H. Gastla the negative, of the following questioiu;—"A makes an offer to B through the post, which B accept* by potting a tetter of acceptance. Subsequently B dispatches a telegram with drawing his acceptance, which telegram is re ceived by A before the letter arrives. Is there a valid contract between the parties?" The wnt^*jw^p l though deciding the Question in the affirmative according to the authorities on the point, m^Mtii the opinion that the law re lating to it was defective. The next question signed wa?—"A and B carry on business together and trade with C up to the amount of £900 (a part of which A and B have only re ceived on approval, and which they -have dis posed of). At this point G refuses to supply anymore goods unless they supply a suitable guarantee for the amount, and threaten to prosecute (criminally) "nlVo? they comply. Subsequently, through the pressure of G, A and Bare prevailed upon to request D (their mother) to guarantee the amount, which she does; but do f uither goods are supplied. A and B file their petition in insolvency, and two days later C commences an action against D for tiie amount goaxanleed by In*, Will he succeed I" After the discussion was entered into at came length, it was decided to hold the question over till the next meeting, in order to give members more tame to consider it. Mr. T. H. Bates, formerly of this city, ar- rived here by the steamer Adelaide from Mel- bourne on Friday with his wife and family to take charge of the Christian Church, Robert- street, Hindmarsh, which has about the largest membership of any of the local churches. Mr. Bates first came to South Australia in 1853. A few years later he was engaged in connection with the Adelaide Times, published and edited by the late Mr. J. Allen. In 1859 he entered upon his apprenticeship in the printing depart- ment of the Advertiser, and was one of the first engaged in printing our evening paper, the Express and Telegraph, and continued in the service of the Advertiser proprietors, rising in position through various grades until 1868. Having shown ability as a lay preacher, he decided to go to America to study for the ministry. On arrival there he entered the Kentucky University, graduated in four years, and obtained a diploma. He then returned to Victoria and conducted religious services in Collingwood. Sub- sequently he accepted a call from Dunedin, New Zealand, where he remained four years in connection with the Christian Church. Following this he removed to Christchurch, and continued there as an evangelist for four years. He next labored two years and nine months in Collingwood, Victoria, and for two years and six months he officiated as pastor of the Christian Church at Doncaster. In response to a pressing call from the Christian Church, Hindmarsh, owing to the resignation of the Rev. H. D. Smith, Mr. Bates decided to accept the pastorate, and commenced his duties on Sunday. Both at the morning and evening services there was a large attendance. In the various fields of ministerial life in which Mr. Bates has been engaged he has been very successful. An inquest was held on Sunday afternoon by the city coroner at the Blythwood Hotel, Mitcham, on the body of Joseph Mitchell, market gardener, of Unley, who died from injuries received by a dray-wheel pusing over his abdomen on Friday. Mr. 1". Townsend ?as foreman of the jury. Henry Huddy, laborer, cf Wardlaw Vale, said that deceased, who had taken a market garden, had hire! hi j services, and the two started from Unley Park on Friday. Witness had a dray with two hones, and deceased a dray with one horse. They only stopped at one public-house, and I that was the Blythwood Hotel, where they had lnncb. They started from there about half-past 1\. A little way past Mr. Anderson's house there is a good steep hill, aod here one of his hones began to jib. When deceased saw this be got out of his own cart to assist witness in getting his jibbing horse to move, but just then deceased's horse turned round and began trotting down the bill. Deceased left his horse to go to his own, which he overtook. Saw de ceased go round to the off side of his dray, and then went a step or two further on, when on looking back again saw deceased lying on his back. Went to him, bat Mr. Deans picked him up before witness reached him. There was about 10 cwt. of goods on deceased's dray. David Deans said he saw deceased catch hold of the reins of his horse and then fall do wxu He managed to throw himself outwards to get ?way from his hone, which was moving on, but the wheel of the dray went over his body. Dr. G. Addison sail that the cause of death was injn?y to the bowels and internal hemorrhage. Deceased was clear in his mind up to within a lew minutes of his death. The jary found a verdict of accidental death. The deceased leaves a wife and seven children. Fortunately faia life was insured. Id an advertisement in Saturday's i?sue announcing a full rehearsal of soloists, choir, and orchestra to take place at St. Baroabas' College on Tuesday next, through a printer's ? rror the word " Catholic" was substituted for " Cathedral" in the heading. The Hindmarsh Institute Art and Industrial Exhibition continues to be attractive. There was a good attendance on Saturday evening. To-day the exhibition will be opened at 1 A new propeller has just been turned out by the Carron Ironworks at Port ?A'Maide for the steamer Karaweera, which is at present laid up in the Port stteam. The propel'er consists of four adjustable fans, but six of these have been cast to that two might be kept in readiness for any emergency. The castings seem in every way equal to those made away from the colony. Notice is given in our advertising columns of a grand miscellaneous entertainment to be held in the' Academy of Music this evening, and we have no doubt there wfll be a large attendance, as the names of the performers embrace wane cf our best known talent, in clnding Mines Flaytbrd, Lewis, (TSttllivan, Bifegr, Leonard, MMd'eton. Stanley, Messrs. Brier, Chipp, Nsylor, Niesche, Bristol/, CoDrad, Kelly, Tier, Behrndt, Fischer, Zil iani, Gargaro, and Sommerhayea. This afternoon the Norwood and Port Foot- ball Clubs will meet for the third time this season on the City Oval. Both clubs will put strong teams into the field, and as the Ports have defeated the South Adelaides, who subsequently vanquished the Norwoods, a keen contest is ex- pected between the old rivals. The teams are as follow:—Norwood—Bertram, Chandler, Dixon, Gwynne, Guster, Haldane, Knox, T. Liston, Letchford, McGrath, Norman, Rawson, Richards, Roachock, Rowe, Shaw, Slattery, Sampson, A. Roberts, (captain), and G. Liston, (vice-captain.) Ports — Bushby, Bucban, Burton, Coffee, Fry, Hallett, Hills, Hosie, Kellett, LeLeu, McNamara, McKenzie, Munro, Phillips, Pleass, Raven, Robertson, Sadler, Short, and Turnbull. The free breakfase on Sunday morning at the City Mission Hall was kindly provided by the Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. W. Bundey). About 205 persons attended, and the rapidity with which the good things provided disap peared ehowed how much they were ap preciated. It was a sure sign tliat want is being felt very keenly qy some in our mid it. As an illustration, jutt after commencing the break fast four little children presented themselves at the door—bootless, hatless, clothes all torn, and diit paramount. On being questioned they said that they had walked all the way from Magill to get the good breakfast of which they had heard. It need hardly be said that their wants were attended to. About 300 persons attended the subsequent service, con ducted by Mr. J. J. Green. The speakers were Mr. F. Hagedom, the Rev. Mr. Hussey, Mr. Jarvis, and Mr. G. C. Knight. . To-day a football maich will be played on the Alberton Oval between teams repre senting the B Battery and the Ii Company, A.B. The names of the members chosen to play are as follow:—L Company—Sergeants Bailey and Knightly, Privates Tuckfield, Bayles, Lindsay, Hurren, Joseph. Drew, Webb, Beach, Smith, IJauu, Harvey, Hoffman, Vin son, Matthews, Scarce, Lance-Corporal Begg, Corporal Hams. Emergencies—Lance-Corporal Smith, Privates Andrews, Kessel, and Bennett. B Battery—Sergeants Bon-den and Dale, Bombadicrs Plaisted. D'Cruchy, James, Jones, Langley, Bailo, Wellington, Smith, and Hughes, Bugler Smith, Gunners Daniels, Gough, Thomas, Hubbard, Young, Martin, and Tilbury. Emergencies—Gunners Scriven. Murphy, Cornish, Malone, Leleu, Cjoper, and Baker. Jn the Freethought Hall on Sunday evening Mr. Chas. Rose lectured to a fair audience on " The origin of supernatual religion " In con cluding his discourse he remarked—"Super natural religion is dependent for its existence upon the ct-uses which impelled man to give birth to it, namely, his sense of weakness or helplessness and his belief in ghosts or spirits, it cannot afford to dispense with either of them. This being so, we find in every form of super natural religion, both in the past and in the present, man's sense of weakness or helplessness and-his belief in gboeta or spirits underlying every belief or theological conception. -Neither Judaism nor Christianity forms any exception to this universal rule. Were it not for fetishism there would be Mo Judaism, or Chris tianity, or any nf the other forms of snpernatu ral religion. This is evident,, beeluse all of them have betn gradually evolved from one and the same parent form, viz., fetishism. Hence it is that there is no difference in kind between them. Like many an aged mother, fetishism ha* survived the loss of many of her children. Whether she will continue to out live any of her remaining ones is more than I can tell. But of one thing lam certain, and that is that the same end which awaits her will befall every one of her children. There is another thing I am fully persuaded of, namely, that the same fate which awaits at death the devotees of any of her children will be also the fate of her own devotees and of all the others." To compensate for the almost entire want of any class of public entertainment which was felt in Adelaide two or three months ago we are now unusually well provided in this respect. What is certain to be a very popular addition to our sources of evening amusement was opened on Saturday in the shape of Wirth's circus, which has established itself in Pine-street, opposite the Freemason's Hotel. The audience was large, all the seats being occupied, and the various portions of the entertainment were well received. Especially popular was the "Lilliputian troupe"— three little fellows who are exceedingly clever in their exhibitions of contor tionism, walking on tiie ha-Twiwj &c; The grown acrobats, of whom there wen no less than six, also displayed several surprising athletic feats. One performer after circulating on his head on the top of a pole for some time concluded by accomplishing the apparent im possibility of dnnlring'doivn—or rather up—a glass of wine while in this inverted pasture. The exhibitions of horsemanship, in wfrch the lady riders took a prominent and 'pleasing part, were veiy good, as were also the per formances of two trick ponies, whose training showrd itself to be most thorough. No circus won'-d be complete without its clowns, and M-. Wirtb's est bliahment is particularly well sup plied in tiiis department by two cctniqucs who were a constant source of amusement while they- occupied die arena. We cannot pass without noticing the graceful wire-walking of one of the lady performers, which was the subject of general admiration and applause. The circus will remain open for some time. To-night some attractive changes in the pro gramme will be made. Owing to the lengthy progamme the areas will open at 7.45 instead of 8 o'clock in future. A very large audience assembled in the Botanic Park on Sunday afternoon to hear the Rev. A. Turnbull deliver an address on " The exposure of an immoral public official." The rev. gentleman gave an exposition of Acts, chapter 24, basing his remarks on the 24th and 25th verses. He t a?d no doubt many persons had come there with prur'ent desires, hoping to hear him speak against some individual who might have been guilty of immorality in Ade laide. His object was not to become so offensive, but to show what peraons might be, immorally, while their rank Beemed to claim for them the respect their position de manded. He considered that no minister of religion dare take a lower standard than St. Paul. It should not be a question of ex pediency as to how far a faithful preacher might go in denouncing vice. St. Paul was a prisoner at the bar of Felix, aad be so ad dressed his judge on righteousness, chastity, and judgment, that Felix, whom St. Paul knew was living in sin, was made to tremble. Mr. Tnrnbull said one of two tilings followed upon faithful rebukes. Either the warnings to whom they were addressed led to a reformation of life or he who rebuked the sinner was hated. If mf n wanted to live bad lives they detested those who desired to do them goad, and con sidered them as being their enemies. A feel ing had been aroused against the tendency to immorality, and sll who put forth .efforts to improve tile morals of people generally were the friends of humanity. He was glad to know the women were on the side of morality. Many mothers had encouraged him to keep op an agitation against vice on account of the good results following from the ffar of exposure. He had no fear of being tarred and feathered, as it had been reported he would be—his assailants would come off second best. It had been said if be put it to a large meeting, such a? as sembled in Botanic Park, as to putting down immorality by every lawful means, there would be a decided expression against the course he wbs taking. Mr. Turnbull said to test if ouch was the feeling of his audience he would put the question, and having done so, no hand being held up aeainst the suppression of im morality, Mr. Tnrnbull claimed that those present were on the ride of morality. The address was a lengthy one, but was listened to with marked attention throughout. A skittle match is advertised to take plice at the Kent Hotel, Port Adelaide, this evening. The picture of two "Laughing Jackasses" men tioned by our special reporter at the Colonial and Indian Exhibition in his last letter, was, we are in formed, painted by Miss Benham and not by Miss Fiveasb as stated. The secretary oi the Boys' Brigade acknowledge the following additional subscriptions received through Mr. H. E. Feseiuneyer :—Mr. W. B. Roan eevtl), M.P.. £2 Ss.; lbs Sowerbier and Mr. P. M lanrence, £1 Is. each; Mr. J. LeSL F. Roberta, parcel. cf Graphic* ; and Messrs. Blgby& Co., slates. 