CHILTERX. ' \- FROM ODIt COnBKSrONOENT. Ok Saturday last a very well attended meeting of Tlio Ovens and Murray Teachers' Association was held hero. Tho meeting was an enthusiastic ono, and a layge amount of business was got through, inoluding adoption of rules and appoint ment of officers. .Mr,. Carlingten, of Chil- torn, was elected president ; Mr. Scott, of Wangaratta, vice-president ; Mr. NicliollB, of Black Doc Creek, lion- urn. nnd trconurnV , and Messre. MoNab, of Butlicrglon, and Scholes, of Indigo, mombers of council. . About thirty members wcro enrolled, and it is expected that aB many moro will join the association. . As the day for selecting two candidates to reprcsont us in Parliament is now definitely fixed, electioneering is growing fast and furious, On Wednesday, tlio 17th inBt,, Mr. O'Connor addressed the electors here .in tho town hall. Tho following Friday Mr. Tanawell spoke in the Star Theatre ; and on Saturday evening wo had a combined display, Messrs. Ferguson and Tuthill addressing tho one meeting at tho sntno place. Tho delicato question as to who should speak first being settled by the t 11110 honorod method of twirling a 'silver diso in the air, Mr, Tuthill's representative won,- and,' with, the wisdom, of nn ; old cricketer, lie sent liis opponent first on his stumps to take 'tho',dcvil" out of: tlio howling. Some of the questions as de livered .had' nn ugly twist in them and' 'a good pneo, but the political batsman, witb a keeu eyo hud a straight style, played the dangerous onus nnd came down heavy on tho loose ones, Sunday came in oppor tunely for reflection,. and on Monday a skilful veteran, in tho person of Mr Ziucke, gave hia hearers liiB matured views on tlie polities of the day. Each candidate must havo been perfectly satisfied with the large attendance nnd attentive hearing that awaited him. I must say that, in no place have I ever witnessed more orderly and attentive political meetings than in our Central City. .We have hot yet heard all tho candidates, and if all those go to die pall who aro anhonncod as certain, it will be more difficult to mime tlie victors than to spot the winners of the, Cap and Derby. What makes things so very considerably mixed in tho nbsehce of any parly policy ? Tho futile attempts to resurrect "Free Trade" and " Protection," " Loyal Liberal" nnd " Conservative" feolingsnre likeeiforts to conjare an emaciated, antiquated ghost. These experiments forcibly remind one of tlis famous Jumping Frog, Dan'l Webster, when he was loaded by the Stranger with a pot full of shot. Dan'l did his best to re spond when tickled behind, but his .most stronuous eiforts only resulted in a heave of tho shoulders. The Stranger stolidly remarked, "There weren't any parlikler pints "bout that frog morn'n any other frog that lie. could see," nnd so say I about these ilrtfnnAf. mrfv orSoa. For aoina limo iliern hna beon n good (leal of talk nbouh boring for f reah dincGVorioB of gold. I a vory pleased to roport tlmt operation luiv.i been at lust. eomnieiicM. A Tiffin auger litis been stiutpd on u site Relented by Mr. Cock. . nian:it?er of tlio Chi!- tern Valley Gold Mining Company. Mr. Arrowflmith, mining and (dure engineer, aud Mr BiiBhell. president of the shire. Tlio firat experiment is to Im made on the Stockyard Crook, and wo all hope it will be unsuccessful a« the must sanguine dosiro. Tho Chiltern Valloy claim I hear is looking bettor than ever, and rumol says that a vary good return wil. be recorded for the month. Our rnccs nra expected to be a micccu. Lost Saturday Mr. Strickland offerrd the refroRhinont booths, Ac., for uule. There wan a- spirited competition, and Host D'Maniiol, of theCouimdrcial, purchased at a Hguro that must he satisfactory to tlie committee. Talking about eaies, ail old resident, Mm. Colquhoun, had an auction Halo of her property on the same day. Everything brought a good prico except tho building, which was bonght in, the highest offer not quite reaching the reserve. Again on Monday Mr. Strickland rold the farm, stock, Ac., of Mr. Shnehnn at Cornish Town. Everything brought an excellent price, Bomo of the land as high ns £o per acre, the remainder very little less, horaes, cattlo Ac., moro than ordinary market prices. 