A Nihilist Ghost. So wuch has been said lately regarding the "t eridt and of warnings through super Sgen, that I emay be accused of writ mzt ? .?orn-out subject. HIowever, in e of this. it ilay interest miany to hear the . trang occurrence whiclh happenesd li .nsow famnily soime years ago, and ,ia , slatod tales by omy friend -, a recent isniw chum, 'n the strict of Imy supl resi.llg. lnames and dates I o-er sdsh to repeat it. ril tell you this story as near as possible tv gentlcnlan ; own words : I > r three nntlhs after marriange I took S..-a wife down to my place in tile north ,' d to spend the ,New Year, it having ,h.ti e-'honored custom in our family to too Tiliouh the weather was bitterly cold, ial naaged to enjoy ourselves, and my , , was the only lady amongst us, was I?'EcIest spirits and tie life of tie party. , in the evening of New Year'. Day we tene sre amusinl ourselves in the r.cno (lit nnu-t have been nearly twelve -'d who I e was ) urprisod to hear Violet's aling e frot above, : he having retired .-e timelf lore. On going up to her room, SifO)nned ume that sh e had been much as id by hearing the tinkle of sledge bells, t that on opening her window she had seen a -eqaickl- approaching, 'lranll by a pair of -a'cent black hlor-es, and that it had pille:d p'immediately under her window. It was a rel moonlight night, so she had leant out to ii she could recognise tile occupant of the s? As she did so he raised his head and ed her straightin thie face, wllen shediscover iheasalperfect stranger. What Violet con r0rdmustetrairdinary was, that on meeting es-r le held up Ihis left hand and shook his Solemnly, then giving rein to his horses, dlr diappeared down the avenue. IMy ;~ens naturally anxious to discover who this oerious stranger could be, and had called upto see if I knew. She described him as ,- qoite young, but with snow.-wohite hair, Sblack eves, a black moustache, and pletely wrapmped in sables. I beilg well linted with all my neighbors far and near, : quite certain that he was not one of them, i the only conclusion we could come to was -.he was ome visitor from town who wished o oaish the natives with such a hitherto -.ard-of conveyance as a sledge. I asked \- i she were quite sure she hdd not been -asinz. when she indiaiiantly replied that -hsd never felt more wsde awake in her life, dn: at the time been sitting up writing a Saimportant letter. \Vhen I related my s story in the billiard-room, one of my nvivial friends suggested that we should all -erforthinma body and search the grounds for unfortunate begg.ir, who had no doubt lost 50 war, and would be very glad to be given a ak. We all acted on this idea with alacrity, o?r mall exitement being acceptable in a -tryhouse. In the meautime the weather -airopletely changed, audit had commenced ov r he:a.ly, which accounted satisfactorily otr not being able to discover traces of the : h. We soon got tired of the search, agree \--hat the mysterious stranger had discovered eea, tresp:.oing, and had imad, the best of \- next dli Violet appeared r.ather w-red when we chalfed her about her mnelan lyi visitor of the previous night, and seeing i it rwas not welcome we soon dropped the r?.bjet, and in fact forgot it. T at evening, as we men had just decided ta separating for the night, the door of the lmbing- rom burst open, and to my intense pria mny wife rushed in, her dressing-gown aown on, her hair all dishevelled, and look Sperfectly ghastly. She hardly seemed to ir what she was doing, and when I en aid what on earth was the matter, sank into ichir, gasping out, "He has come again !" in that she was really affected I hastened ,et her a glass of wine, and bogged her to 1 me full particulars. It appears that she I gme to bed, and had slept soundly until obsed by the sound of approaching sledge it, then starting up, had thrown on her -oong-zwn and rustled to the window, d.re she discovered the sledge had behgn ngiat to a stalldstill at exactly tle saiie pt as on the preious night. On her appear ' the driver, looking up at her steadfastly, d raised his hand, and shaken his head in ecbely the sullne warning manler as before. waitiating for more, and filled with a name s terror, tile poor little woman had rushed Din to me in this excited condition. We1 all 0i most indignant at what swe began to think as a very impertinent practical joke, and icning my wife to the care of hIe- maid, PAoI out with tile intention of finding and abig it lihot for the perpretator. We ran out s?rly; the night was clear and frosty, the and was covered with snow, althoulgh none ad fallen wince the morning, and I confess ot I expelriecced quite a shock when, on ar drig beneath my uwite's window, we discovered th snow was completely undisturbed, and that der was not the faintest trace of anythiug bring passed that way. We all returned to t c huso iomewhat subdued, and talked the aFter well over, when we calme to the con Caion that there must be something queer ast the atfair, as it was absurd to imagine itimysensible little wife could be the victim nech a delusioun. Therefore we unanimously sided oin keeping a watch inl the billiard rra-which was ilmmediately beneathl Violet's rn-on the following night, and wait for .ut night occur. In the meantime we had 1?1 not to mention the subject to my wife, 0 the next day, she not aplpearing at all in Ad to introduce it, things went on much as `,me time after she had retired for the night, Sbeing fortified with sundry glasses of hot iey, repaired to the billiard-room to com .- our vigil, where we turned down the S?ad drew up1 the blinds, and were all on a Pi rtre for anything that miight happen. Shilence was becomsing monotonous, when :l'hly it was broken by a piercing shriek, tithe sound of a hieavy fall. Itushinig Ul) to wife's room, frm whenllce it had proceeded, -'-ad her extended on the floor iin a dead : till in her eveninig dress, with her win side open. It was a long time before her a, waom I found in the room, could restore -tOiaio ussslu, anld even tllen she seemed I delirous, and kept wailing out, " W\hy "'he cone ? What does he mean ?" t'oe maid afterwards informed me that she -i lee requested by her mlistress to remain ar roomn with her until her master came up, -e had stated she did not intend undress until then. Her lady had stood wrapped ;a &'awl for a Iong, time at thie winidow, and :--ed to li:tc ,i ' intently for sometihing -e=pected. - Suddenly sle had given a vie -t' start n cd lauing out of thie window, lad ":edly c:lled the maid to hier side, and .: her in a trembling voice whether she ad see alything coming up thIe avenue or r the tincle of bells. It was a still, moon S': ight almost as light as day, but tile .i, a bright, intelligent girl, declared she -' ee or hear nilo thing, and had only just ::.I roil thie window when she was hlorrified -'- her miistress stagger backwards aiild fall : tlio the giround. The violent shock t:ay wife had received to her niervous sys io sulted in a lowng tad serious illness, and Sta..s sae could ie imoved I took heronthe -:i-ent, whlere shie shortly recovered her o!t and spirits. \We neither of us ever al a? to the cause of hlier illnes- she feeling i'i:arly sensitive on the subject, and resent :: ty having treated it as an hallucination. iililapp:reitly forgotten by us both, I did O, llsidcr it ludicioas to snpend the coming e\':r Year ill loetland and we therefore agreed P vgin a lons-pro'nised visit to St. Peters \- .- .here I ltad many intimate friends in 7iuatial cieles. On our arrival they all vied 05h oleah otheriin showing us hospitahty, my. .:e Was immenlely admire-d and hier vivacity .?tit made her very popular. Just before " intrended departure one of the leaders of ?.tY aetrrrged a ball in our honor, to which 0.0t0 looked forward with great pleasure, and -01<1 ,,.iest elaborate preparations. Whlen the S?i';i' e f6te arrived, and my wife entered : rooan rhessed for the ball, I thought I had .lver teen her look so lovely, with that look of nai aonticipatdon on lher countemnane that ft beautiful woman. always wears when she is sure of her trimlphs. During our short drive to the Hotel - our destination, she amused me by her almost childish anticipation of tihe coming enjoyment. On our arriving there she ascendcdthe steps on my arm, still laughing and chatting gaily, buh just as we were about to enter tile door she turned her head as if violently startled. I felt her trembling from head to foot, her face was deadly white, and her eyes were fixed on the spot from which our carriage had just moved. On my enquirinfg the reason of her agitation she eccitealy exclaimed, " Look there I" pointing to the foot of the steps. When I declared I saw nothing, she seemed completely unnerved, and implored me to take her home. Poor Violet clung to me closely, passionately exclaiming that if I did not do so at once she knew shie would die, and findingromonstrances only increased liher distress I thought it best to do as she wished. Whlilst in the carriage I could not get an explanation, as my wife seemed thoroughly prostrate, and on our arrival I had to support her into her room. There, when she appeared better, I requested her to explain her extraordinary conduct. In an awed, al most scared voice, Violet informed me that on entering the Hotel - she had heard the sound of sledge bells, and on turning to see who had arrived, had perceived drawn up at the entrance the sanle mysterious rman who caused her so much terror the previous year in Scot land. There he was, wrapped in his heavy sables, and using tihe same warning gestures. I tried to reason with her and impress upon her the great offence her absence would probably cause on such an occasion. For some time she wa:s quite impracticable, but seeing at last how much in earnest I was, my dear little wife evidently made a great effort and consented to return with me. All the same I felt quite grieved to notice what a change this strange nccurrance had made in her, the shrinking, al:e little lady I was now conducting to the carriage being indeed a very different person to the brilliant, joyous beauty of a short time before. Just as we were about to set foot in the carriage a terrible explosion was heard and a few minutes later the fearful news had circulated through the city that the Hotel-, where the ball was being given, had been blown to the ground (it was esupposed by Nihilists), and not a soul there had escaped I 