An O4d wtory inl Verse. lie was a guileless college youth, That mirrored modesty and truth; And sometimes at his musty room His sister called, to chase the gloom. One afternoon, when she was there, Arranging things with kindly care, As often she had done beforc, There came a knock upon the door. Our student, sensitive to fears Of thoughtless comrades' laughing jeers, Had only time to make deposit Of his dear sister in a closet; Then haste the door to'open wide ; HIis guest unbidden stept inside. lie was a cheery-faced old man, Andlwith apologies bhdgan For calling, and then let him know That mdre than fifty yeanrs ago, When he was hi hisyouthful bloom, Heeld occupied that very room ; So thought he'd take the chance, he said, To see the changes time had made, " The same old window, same old view ITa, ha I the same old pictures, tool " And then he toapped them with his cane, And laughed his merry laIugh again. " The slame old sofa, 1 declare I Dear me I It must be worse for wear. The same old shelves I" And then he came And spied the closet door. "The same Oh, my " A woman's dresspeeped through. Quick as he coushl hi closed it to. lie shook his heand. Ah I abh I the same Old game, young man; the some old game I " " Would you my reputation slur I " The yonth gasped; " That's my sister, sirl" "Ah I " said the old man, with a sigih, " The same old lie-the same old li I " An English divine onceotold of passing a night in a haountCed chamber in an English castle. He described how the ghost slowly stalked into the chamber, and described the armour which covered the form of the mys. terious visitor. " But how. did you get rid of this vision I " cried some of those who heard the story. " Oh, very easily," replied the minister; " I merely took my subscription. book from the table and tile vision quickly faded away." A lady, who was a member of a class studying art, concluded a recitation on lien. jamann Haydon by saying that " towards the close of his life he committed suicide. A lady writer asks : " Why don't bache lors marry? " That's so- why don't they ? Come tg.think about it, we have not yet seen a bacholorvwho wasRmarried. It's lamentalile, too. 