DOLLY VANSITTERT'S OTHER LOVER. A GHOST STORY. BY JuLazcr KAWTHroniiE. CnAPTEX VII.-Continued. Mrs. Trafalgar had also risen at his Centrance. lHe bowed courteously to her and to the rest of the company 'whom he had alrcady mot; he was introduced to me, and as I was close to himn, I took his halnd. It was very soft, and seemed at the first touch ailmost impalpable, or as if it would dissolve away in my grasp; and it was also very cold, but that was only natural, as Mr. Chosunder must have just come out of the icy streeot. But just as I was about to relinquish his slender fingers, thy suddenly closed upon mine with a force that indicated amazinug strengtlh undcrneath that gentle' oex terior. And yet it did not seem to be strength in hlim so much as loss of power inu me. My hand and arm felt numb and helpless, and the sensation continued for a long time afterward. I had once experienced a somewhat similar feeling when; as a boy, I had incautiously attempted to grasp a live q,/mnolus in a tank. A servant brought in tihe tea and lightcd tho lamps. Mr. Chesunder scated himself just outside of our circle, and little by little entered into the conversation, and finally bore the greateor part in it. His voice hid a low, muffled qualit, pleasing but peculiar. It seomed, so insinuating was it, to reach the ear from wilthin insteadl of from without ; as if hlie had stirred a thought in the listenor's mind and rendered it audible; it more resembled' an echo than an ordinary sound. Mr. Chosunder ad dressed himsolf toonoon in particular; but I noticed thlat'Dolly followed liis every .word with an iutentness that seemed at the, same timeo roluctant and painfully absorbed. Nor could I rid myself of the notion that Mr. Chesunder was aware of her pro occupation, and was secretly but deliberately augmenting it. Mr. Shonstone, however, had resumed his place by Dolly's side, and his fatherly, grasp of hei hand. He okept his glance steadfastly fixed upon Ches under, and prospunted himself, I thought, as a sort of bulwark between him and .the girl.. All this, however, may have been nothing more than my fancy., The talk turned upon Orienmtal re ligions and philosop'ly. Mr. Chos-' under's ostensibleo object in visiting America was to investigate ourboliefs wil?h a view to determining whetheor there was any substantial identity botwcontho Buddhistand the Christian faiths. "It lias. occurred to me," he re marked (he spoke Englishv with perfect accurpacy, though witlh a poculiar .m tonation), "that aside from all ques tion of authority as between the Buddha and the Chluist, the former re ligion has a much greater vitality than' 'the latter." . "How would you support that posi tion ?" demanded Mr. lhonstone. "Among othlier, things, take the phenomona` of'miracle. According to your doctors the 'age of 'mniracleis past. Yet miracle is as familiar to Buddhist priests to- day as it. ever was to your apostles in the early years of your dispensation." "If that be so;" replied Mr. Sheou atnne. "it argues against tlhe vit;alit of your religion rather than in favour of it. Miracle is a r6velation addressed to the senses, and is therefore adapted to superficial and uniformed intelli gence. Those who have risen to an apprehension. of spiritual truth no longer demand such evidence; they find the real; miracle in the soul)hand in its communion with its Creator. but although miracle has thus dis appeared frdmni'religion as such, 'it' still jiaintains a secuilar and unauthor ised oxistence,"in 'wvhich I for one see little cause for oingiamulation. ' ' " "You'refer to spiritualism and oc-' currences of that nature; and you are right in regarding tlheom with' dis approval. But the dihilculty is that you do not know the controllhg laws. ' You have'merely'noticed that' certain causes are commonly followed by cor tain effects. . .That'which for us is an accurataand complete science is. for yenu a blind experiment." . Dear Mr. Chesunder, do give us some eainliles,1" exclaimed Mts. Tra falgar, with polite energy; "I have so often heard about these deeply in teresting things,.but I have never had an opportunity-or would it be asking too much.P" "Poor Puckeridgo will ?ehover get over having miss~ed . tls,' muttered 'Ifoorfiold to ime under his breath. " Mr. Chesrinder vill' pardon me I do not advise it," 'said Mr. Shen atone seriouslye. - ide, "My dear ir ';replied the Hindoo, bowing f?o?he old gentlmian, . "I 'shall not., tink of doing anything "thatyouu disapplireove.?,i:Bs't ' !liink I can give a'. ittle ;'llustia t joi which wo' nul be enter.aiihag andquite harm less. 'It is apmong our, theoriec that the human eineqorj;,aj ':ibe' renidored tempo:ry.objetivoe'to the senses. rAn this memory'iS a sthd' thing it is not; always the record of personal Sexpderice. ,In ,a latent or uncon asclous form it may be. transmitted by \- inheritance. : ' I Iwil endeavour, for the amusement b-' the 'eonipany, to cal up a picture from the mental galleries of some onie of' you, and place it'beforeyou as an actual scene. Of course this it"'"mere"'illusion; though the method;uued to produce it is probably notl familiar to you.". "Whose memory are you goming to explore?" I asked. . . "That is notfor me'to decide," he answered., "I shall siniply put cer tain forces to work, and the specific result will depend upon personal con ditions." "What, do you, suppose he thinks he means ?" whispered Moorfield to me. "I shouldn't wonder if he meant mor6 tlhan he' said,"' was my reply. "My deaSr," said Mr.. Shenstono, in a low tone, to Dolly, "suppose you and I go upstairs and tiy that vesper song on your cabinet organ ?" But Dolly only shook her head,and I again shi? .d slightly, her eyes fixed unwaverims~.upon Mr. Chesunder.. I I shall relate what followed just-_ ] it appeared to me. Ido not' in4 $o eplaia it or to imderstia4 117.' - The lights were turned down until the large room w~as almost entirely dlark. Mr. Chisoindor seemed to withdraw slowly into the rear of the room, thloughhis nmovements were so noiseless and tho obscuritywas so great that Ican not be sure what he did. I know that I was able to discern nothing of him except the sparkle of his diamond star, which appeared a glowing poinbt of light in the dark void now waxming, now waning. I gazed fixedly atthispointoflightfor sometime -five minutes perhaps, and porhaps longer. Every one in the room was perfectly silent, and (if I may judge of the others by myself) in a state pf constantly deepening expectation. At length a faint, irregular sohnd began to be audible. It was very low and indistinct at first, but graduallyaug menting in volumno and power. It re Hsembled in some degree thoe murmur of a vast but invisible assemblage, slowly drawing near in the darkness. Ever and anon, too, there was a whis per and movement in the 'still air, a rustling as of robes, and a stir as of a multitude congregating togother. But as yet nothing could be seen. Then the glow from the diamond star became more diffused, and, it seemed to proceed no longer from tlhe star, but from a large sphere of some transluncont substance; wlhich was poised steadily iii mid-air. As the light grow brighter, however, Leould see that the sphere rested upon a kind of pyramidical support of dark polished marble, the bases of which were lost in shadow. Andly degrees the dusky radiance expanded, and Srevealed a vast auditdrium, sweeping far back and aloft in tier above tierof seats, crowded with dim forms of a myrind of spectators, all with their gaze directed upon one point, on the hIither side of the altar and the sphere. Following the direction of their glances, I saw, extended upon a sort of bier at the foot of the altar, the altar, the figure of a woman, young and beautiful. She lay as if lifeless, and the rays from the crystal sphere were concontratedupon lior pale face. It. was a face which I recognised, though I had never seen it as it looked 'then, but only after the passage of many years had diih'med its beauty with the shadows of age. ' Yet it was not to be mistaken ;. it was the'fase of )elly's mother, Mrs. Vansittert. The light grew ,moro 'intense. '.I caught a vague glimpse: of a man's figure kneehlng in front 'of the bier with his right' hadd up lifted, and on the stops of tho altar there seemed to arise a tall form in monkish attire, with a cowl upon his head. But I looked beneath the cowl, and the fdatures that I beheld resembled none other than those of Mr. Chesundor. The kneeling figtlire spoke, but, though I strained my ears to hear, the words that he uttered were. indis-. tinguishable, being swallowed up in thO vastness of the hall. Then from the mighty assemblage there arose a swelling response, as from the witnesses of a 'solemn oath'. But suddenly a ::familiar voice, ;loud and energetic, sounded clbse td me. It was Mlr. Shenstone w'hd i'pke ' "In the name'.of God,", he ex claimed, " let, this'> devilry . ease! Tirn on the lights. Dolly has fainited.": ~~ Inastantly the magic illumination vanished. The great amxphitheatre, the altar, the sphere, the phantom fleuras. were swallowed up in nothine-: ness. A dull noise, like tho distant' echo of a clap of thunder, followed. Some one- Mrs. Trafalgar, I, presumn -screamed. I shook off the strange feeling of drowsiness and inertia that oppressed me, and made what haste I could to turn , up the. lights. Meanwhile, Mr.' 'Shonstonie and Moorfield had carried Dolly to a sofa, and were, sprinkling her. face with water. In the general anxiety caused by iher' l ituation, no one thought, of "looking after Mr. Chesunder,' and when .Dolly finally revived he was nowhere to be --seen. After all, he *as rather tob inulch of 'a lion for a quiet 5 o'clock'teas: vi ClI m" IX." *. " We threeo-Mr. Shenstone,, Moor field, and I--left the hoiise together,; and as we. descended' the steps,'tirin ing up the collars; of our coats, and' settling our hats fihaly i oaur browv, Mr. Shenstone said:' ' - "Young gentlemen, fy *you ,]ave nothing' to ,do, come home a&n; take dinner with me this evening. Come.right alopgwith me ss you are.. I have something to say toyou' Moorfield and I had, no doubt, already felt that there inas sdomething to be said in .the ,premises, and were.. very glad that Mr. Shenstone should happen to'?know what it was. We were also afrare (but this is a mere detail) that his dinners were very good. So we'accepted his invitation | unanimnously. The old clergyman livedin an olcl fashioned but excellent house in Clinton-place; he had been a widower for many years, and his habits and surroundings were those of a genial and learned old' bachelor. His library was small, .but valuable, and in many points unique. He had been abroad, and had brbught home relies of his travels, which differed from the plunder commonly amassed by tourists in that each specimen bore some relation to the mind and char actor of the collector.' :I remember, among many choice objects, a magni ficent pipe, brought firom:the East, 'and holding at least an ounce:of the true dark Latakia tobaccd-a inuch mellower and more soothing substance than the thread-like, light-hued stuff. usually soldiunder that name. After dinner the reverend gentleman set this comfortable engine agoing, iand we disposed ourselves with our cigars to listen to hisceommunications. "It is a' maxim'of war to study your eiemy'sktactics,'' he began,' "and it holds good in the wars of the spirit no less tlian of the body. At adl events, my young friends, P'u free to. confess that I have been, for a very long time past,'a student of tile black art in many of its phases and aspects. Of late years there has been a good deal of unskillful and misdirected eciriosity brought to boar upon the subject in this country and in England. It isone of the signs that accompany or precede great chauges in tlho reli gious and philosophical attitude of.,a nice. It will do good, I suppose, though not in the way that the dis ciples of the mnovement are apt to imagine. They are, as Mr. Chosunder said, in the hinds ofipowors that they cani neither understand nor control. A?d this factalso renders them more open to the designs of those who, by centuries of investigation and experi mont, are really able to evoke and apply some of the hidden forces of nature and of the spirit." :':.. "Fcllows like Chqsunder,'" inter posed Moorfiold........... " Fellows like Chesunder are not common, and. nlver have been," re plied Mr..Shenstone. " ' If I wore to tell you all thatI shrmise about him, you would send for a couple of doc tors and have me taken to Blooming dale. But I shall say only. so much as concerns our present business. Has it over occurred to either of you why Chesunder 'is liero ?" Moorfieold and I were both silent; butwe had our ideas neverthelless. " He: has come for Dolly Vansit tort,'" continued our vonerable host, after a pause. "And leot me assure you thaft, if we are not very careful, lie will get her." Mooreofield looked up. " Yes, yes, my boy,I undorstnandall that," said Mr. Shonstono, nodding his shaggy white head. "This isa land of law and order ; kidnapping is no easy matter. Dolly loves you, and you are not tihe man to sit down and see somebody else run off, wilth her. I understand all thlat; and you may be sure that Mir. Chosunder under stainds it quite as well as I do, and dosen't value it the snap - of his finger." " What does he iwant her for ?','. L. 'Itwonld tiake i iioiig tiieto gve a full answer to that question. In the first place, he is not entirely what he appears to be, and he is not acting for himself alone. The enterprise which lie is here to carry out was originated beforo Dolly was born, and in a place nimany tliousaiids of miles ·from whei'e we are sitting. You know what I mean P?' . SWeo intimated that we had some inkling of it. Cr0 r E CONTINUED.) 