ETERNAL HOPE— ST. PAUL'S THEODICEE. We recently received the following poem from the dean, but although put into typ9 and revised by him, it has not previovsly appeared in the Advertiser : — Tea, are there some who reached the door too late To -whom the portals are as stern as fate ? Bo cherubim with word of flame still scare The sinful from the hope of dwelling there? Must those poor ghosts, for ever wandering, On one unceasing round the changes ring — The bliES that was and is no more to be, This cruel stony blank eternity? No kin, no home, no garden now to till, No human love the empty heart to. fill, No lower form of good, to cheat the pain 01 withered hopes and aspirations vain i No rest of conscience, .and no healing balm ; Through ages pass, no interval of calm, But fiercely barns insatiable desire, And vengeance feeds the everlasting fixe ! Is this the sorry ending of the tale That swept like music down the lowly vale Where fiad-eyed men consumed the bitter years In servile tasks, contending with-their fears '2 Is -this-the gladsome gospel of His grace Who seemed to clasp the world in His embrace ? We turn in horror from this, clang of doom To Him whose love had surely larger room. He reigns ; TTis purpose never shall be foiled— To cleanse the universe by evil soiled. All enemies of His shall be destroyed : No word of His returns unto Him void. ' - The victory is His ; and who are they, Those foes whose evil power shall pass away 5 Man is the hapless victim, but the foes The triumph of redemption overthrows Are beasts of prey that prowl around his fold. Death lord? it much, intrenched in his stronghold, He fain would keep his captives — Death most die ! And Sin shall not eternally defy The Master— power of all the universe— That purest of the world's deliverers Who would not turn one footstep from the right : All sin most perish from before His sight. The Tempter, too, must yield — the rebel will Whose subtlety was worsted on the Hill Oi Evil Compel— he miist yield hia place, Or seek salvation by the way of grace. And Pain, that like a sleuth hound follows us— More keen oi scent, more fierce, more ravenous— And etriies .his cruel fangs into the heart, This foe the Lord of Love will bid depart, And all the cries of suffering will cease When he shall reign the acknowledged Prince of Peace. If none shall ever enter Paradise Except with new and wholly cleansed eyes, What words of grace, what blessed ministries, Hay chasten and prepare those souls for bliss That sometime pined without, we cannot know — What augel messages may come and go— What new revealings of forgotten truth May bring again the purest dreams of youth, Until the gold of purified desire Alone remains from the refiner's fire. All this is hidden in the future, but ? ^ The door the Lord has opened none can shut. Be lived for man ; for man, as man, He died : He claims all souls, and will not be denied. 