THE VRC." SPRING MEETING. THE DERBY DAY. The great spring meeting, of the Victoria Racing Club will be inaugurated at Flemington this afternoon, when the Victoria Derby, next to the Cup itself the chief event of the spring meeting, will be run The racing will be held this year under most favourable conditions A good view of the course has by reason of recent improvements been given to an additional 20,000 of the paying patrons of the Victoria Racing Club and the weather, which at one time promised ball), is now pretty certain to be typical of the season and the event the V R.C may without egotism term their spring meeting the national race gathering of Australia. Four of the representatives of Her Majesty's rule in this part of the world are now assembled in Melbourne, and intend being present at the gathering and visitors from all the sister colonies have arrived in numbers determined not to miss the great sporting event of the twelvemonth Although a want of variety) is noticeable in connexion with Derby) Day, all the races being over the flat the interest attaching to at least three of the events more than stones for any other draw back What with recent improvements and the confidence of the A K.C in the efficiency of the arrangements made by their officers the announcement is this year made in large type that ladies may "go to either Derby) or ( up with not the slightest apprehension of inconvenience. The arrangements for the meeting have been fully advertised and it our of the spectators at the gatherings of to day or Tuesday next are not thoroughly familiar with all that concerns their own comfort, the executive of the V H.C are not to blame. Hit Australian Military Band will fill in as usual the pauses between the events, a feature in the programme for the day that ladies most appreciate though an) one Inconstant attendance at the meetings in and around Melbourne must long ere this have been convinced that a great proportion of the sex do not limit their attention to the race alone but are familiar with much that was once supposed to have an interest for men only, and bet, and in their speculations 1,0 much further than the popular sweep. Under the new stand an additional refreshment room for ladies has been provided and beneath the Maribyrnong Bland are seats and tables for the convenience of private luncheon parties As usual, hampers left with the Victorian Parcels I press Company will be taken to the course, and the caterers for the club will also made provision in the same way for family parties i or the convenience of ladies and' it is not the sex alone who find mid-day tea a good antidote to headache-boiling water may be obtained free of charge from the runs the house in the carriage paddock Milk will be retailed in the paddock The people of the bill are not to be left without music this year for on this part of the course the "Imperial Brass Band may play) Beneath the fine stand on the hill a luncheon room has also been fitted up an arrangement likely to be much appreciated he railway arrangements for each day of the meeting have received special attention To day trains will run from half-past 10 up to 2 o'clock behiL, sent away from the Spencer street port forms as soon as filled. the platform at the course has been asphalted throughout its whole length and those who remember the yellow mud stains of long Derby Day need never stain apprehend the Banns discomfort His road from the Post office to the carriage paddock entrance will be watered on each race day), so as to reduce the dust nuisance to its minimum and to avoid possible danger through the congregation of vehicles and foot passengers at the main entrance a special road for pedestrians has been formed to the right of the racecourse gates The Melbourne Tram \ wa) and Omnibus Company will run a line. of vehicles to the course, and the substitution of tramways for vehicles on some of the city routes has enabled them to considerably improve the racecourse service. The weather forecast for the day is fine weather with northerly winds. Racing opens to day) at 1 o'clock with the Melbourne takes, which is one of the most interesting events of the meeting from the fact of its being weight for nets whilst many of the best horses in training are included in its run) s 'Hie held will, on this occasion, be a strictly representative one with Sheet Anchor, Isonomy industry), Acme Grace Darling, Lord William, Bravo, kingfish, and others to go to the post the Melbourne Stakes ended the Hotham Handicap, a race well worth winning, is next in order the way will then be paved for the (re best two year old race of the year in Australia, the Maribyrnong Plate, for which a score were left in yesterday, as the result of the final forfeits Last year, when Acme won the field numbered 10 which will be about the strength of this afternoon's race, the balance, or may hap more Having evidently been made to appear amongst the acceptors through oversight Looking down the list there are at most half a dozen whose claims, either in public or on the training grounds, entitle them to special recognition as likely to come under the judges notice when they pass the post 1 prettiest of these is the South Australian all) Hortense, winner of the Caulfield Great lout Multes, winch entails a penalty of a stone Perhaps, who with Yetman ran a dead heat on the occasion in question, meets Hiirtense to much greater advantage, and it may not unreasonably be anticipated that the Great Four Stakes decision will be reversed as between the pair Lava and Aber Green, representing the Hon James White, are each held in high respect, though the fill) would appear to be the best of the two judging by the beating she gave the son of Chester in a five furlong gallop on I Thursday) Possibly the latter, however, had a lump the worst of the weights, a consideration that can only be conjectured out in the east of trials on the training track Miranda, 1 ckersle) and Mistletoe also will run well, and altogether an interesting race should be provided It is singular that scarcely any utting has this year taken place on the Maribyrnong Plate, the fielders having preferred to hold their hands till the eve of the race, instead of avoiding the risk of Injury the winner and scarcely any thing else a couple of months or so before, the day Like the Maribyrnong Plate there is w been little betting on this year's Derby, but from an entirely different causeway, the wonderful form displayed by) trident at the Australian Jockey Club Spring Meeting, during which the brother to Navigator up propriated the Derby), the Craven Plate and the Randwick Plate Hut was sufficient in itself to paral) se speculation on the coming \ lies Derby), and Indent "Will go to the post this afternoon probably the hottest favourites that ever started for the treat \ lotorian mile and a half produce race His success is almost universally looked upon as a foregone conclusion We have frequently seen as great paper certainties upset, however and it is worthy of mention that one or two excellent judges, whose experience must be treated with the greatest respect, are not at all sanguine as to his chance, and its preparation has, from one cause or other been now and again interfered with, they say, and they cite the parallel case of Martini Henry) s collapse in the Champion Race, for which he started at 2 to 1 against the field. A few hours will settle the question one way or other Amongst Indents opponents is kingfish winner of the Hawkes bury) Gifmcas and third to him in the A. I C Herb), but a very moderate third This New _e island bred colt is said by those who saw him at Sydney to have come forward wonder full), but most people apprehend that danger is most to be feared from Maddehnu who exhibited signs of progressive improvement when she won the Caulfield Guineas three weeks since First Con sons line run in the Guineas when in big condition will not he readily forgotten, the more so in O'Brien had the mount on him to day. A clean and Acme will, no doubt, have the mission of alternately walking, pace for the favourite, and Chesham may, after all, distinguish burnell The winner of this year Germany will enter the nice, be decorated with the real Blue Hill and a custom that has long. been in v one in New South W ales in connexion with the AJC Derby) but this year 1 r the first time to be adopted in Victoria I he afternoon's card will be completed with the Vllui" Race and Coburg. Handicap, for the latter of which there should be a large field, the following, is the programme - MhlUOOltNE'STAKFS, Of 5 sons each with 300 added second CO love, U desire for age. One mile and a quarter to start at one of clock Mr M Lou illness h Sheet Anchor aged 6 4 Mr J C too) el s h li Trenton 6) in 84 Sir s Miller h I r h Boolka aired 0 « Mr >, Jllllor'flcllhWIIIIaiiTull furs 6 4 4 Mr L Locke g b c Isoliutu) 4) n DO Sir It Stone on s for bro Hunton 4 yrs D 0 Mr J the liUchiii QracoDarlhur 0 in 8 IS 'r a l for 6 or ( Industry) 4 yrs 8 0 Sir W J Barker bro- Monotti in 7 li th; u IIIIlsboKIiiKflsh 3yrs. 7 li Mr W Hudson n ch closed Mare, 3 yrs Mr V, L lloyisbollmo Jim so I ttliltesbtk Volcano I was you J WI its a p p TamuriJk 1 was so I Whltejlrf aged 4 yrs "o ii A tonight CYosslIro j) re HOTHAM HANDICAP To start at a quarter to two Mr It donovan! or br c Du lies 4 in Mrs Nathan's b h dardina lives in a ,","-'"!":h- "I show april 2 E S Miller s I r I Keene a new HI VI strldtüii I I I li Hut well 6yrs 7 It Mr. J. Wilson's (jun.) bro- Ringmaster. 4 yrs.. 8 O Air. It. J. Bowler's bor br in Minerva, flyn .. 7 12 Mr. J. H. Smith's b g Lancer, 6yrs 7.10 Mr. O. Davis'sbm Catherine, aged J. 7 6 Mr. O. Wilson's b m Gardenia, aged '.. 7 8 Mr. W. A. Sparke's br or in li Zone, ft. yrs 7 3 Mr. W. Forrester's by Silver King, 5 yrs 7 7 Mr. A. F. Smart's oh no Brown and Rose, 5 yrs 7 7 Mr. N. Jacob's but Metal, 5 yn>.7 0 Mr. T. CoiTev'abrhSt. John, (6 yrs .. 7 6 Mr. H. O'Shanassy, bro First Prince, 4 yrs .. 7 2 Mr. C. Harris's br m Lesbia, sired .. 7 2 Hon. J. White's ch a Hexham, 4 yrs ..' 7 6 Mr. J. Whittingham's b h Claptrap, aged 7 0 Mr. S. G. Cook's ch c Nereus, 3 yrs .. 7 0 Mr. T. Joneasbh New York, 6 yrs .... 12 Mr. C. L. McDonald's b h The Levite, aged .. a 11' Mr. T. Bennison's el h Salvo, 6 yrs .. Oil Mr. A. Hyman-be- Oonoo, aged 0 10 Mr. J. Pile's b o Affluence, i ora 0 10 Mr. T. Rennison's b g Moroney, aged .... 0 10 Mr. S. Miller'sbin Impulse, aged .. ' .. die' Mr. W. E Dakin's b c The Pencil, 4 yrs 0 8 Sir W. J. Clarke's br Fish of Silver, 4yrs 0 7 Mr. J. Powell's b g Western, aged 0 0 THE MARIBYRNONG MATE, Of 50 sovs. each, with 1,000 added. For two-year olds ; second, 200 sovs.; and third, 200 sev" Five furlongs. To start at three. ' st, lb. Mr. C. U Macdonald's br f Hortense, by Gang Forward-Jo9ophlnc(lnoludhlg 10lb. penalty) 'B 0 Hon. W. Pearson's bro- Bedouin, by Darri well Black Gipsy 8-10 Mr. A. Harvey's b or br- Mathinna, by Dar well Emily Faithful .. .... 8 10 Mr. F. Tozer- b of Essex, by tusaex-little Lady 8-10 Mr. K. Mitchelson's bro- Escutcheon, by. Musket Rosette ., 8-10 Mr. J. Halmen's bro- Albert London by Capt- j still-- Eugenie 10 Mr. J. Coffey's bro- Jobuslto, by Darriwell- . Tyropeai. . ... 8 10 Mr. a. Gardiner!', br d _oyallst,by,The Mat qui«-Loyal Peeress ., 8-10 Hon. J. White's b c Abercorn, by Chester- * Goldfinch's 10 Mr. F). Cooper's bro- nuntlngtower.by Darebin -Athollno.. 8 10 Mr. T. Murray's b c Niagara, by Anton Frailty 8-10 Mr. J. H. Hill's b f Perhaps, by Gang Forward - -Peradventure. ... 8 5 Mr. J. D. Robertson's b ! Mistletoe, by Bos- worth Star of Love 8 0 Mr. S. A. Douglass's b of Fancy Free, by Musket \- Fancy a Hon. W. A. Long's br g Eoltorsloy, by Maribyr- nong Jessamine.. ...8ft Lord Carrington - br f Esperance, by Grand Flaneur Fair Alice 8 5 Hon. J. White's br t Lava, by Chester Etna 8 C Mr. D. Cooper's br f Oceana, by St Albans -Idalia SB Mr. W. C. Cooper's b f Miranda, by Maribyr- nong-road . THIS VICTORIA DERBY, Of 25 sovs. each, with 150 added : second, 100 sovs., and third 60 sovs. One mile and a half. To start at four. st. lb. Sir W. J. Clarke's b c First Consul, by Gang , Forward Josephine 10 Mr. A. K. Blackwood's oh o Again, by Apre mont-Aglla .- 8 10 Mr. D. Cooper's ch c Chesham, by Grand . Flaneur-Lady Chester's 10 Mr. O. Hill's h o Kingfish, by Plscotonoua Yattcrlna .. '. '.. 8 10 Hon. J. White's ch o Trident, by Robinson Crusoe Cocoanut 8-10 Hon. J. White's br g Volcano, by Chester- ' ' Etna.. .. 28 7 Hon. J, White's br of home, by Chester Prin- cess Maud 5 Hon. W. A. Long's oh f Maddelina by Neckers- gat Meg Merrilees .... '.. 8 5 SELLING RACE, Of 5 sons, each, with 160 added. Weight for, age. Five, furlongs. To start at quarter to five. still. Hon. W. Pearson's g f Mcloanrtda, 4 yrs 8 0 Hon. L. L. Smith's b g Dougalston (-50), aged 7 12 Mr. OF Fraser's b h Sir Charles (nil), aged 7.10 Mr. T. Rennison, chh Salvo (nil), 6yrs 7.10 Mr. J. L. Reilly, oh h Lands and), 6 yrs 7.10 Mr. W. A. Filgate's oh li The Baron (nil), 6 yrs 7.10 Mr. O. U'Auloy's b h Tichborne (nil), U yrs., 7.10 Hon. W. Pearson's b g Lord Sutton, 3 yrs 7 3 Mr. R. Howie's br- Huron (nil), t yrs 7 7 Mr. A. Halinbourg ch c Albanus (nil), 4 yrs.. 7 7 Mr. Coffey's bro KUra(na), 4 yrs.. 7 7 Mr. J. Jellett's b of Desmond (£100), 3yrs 7 0 Mr. J. T). Robertson's ch g F.F. (nil), 6yrs 7 5 Mr. T. Rennison, b g Maroney (nil), aged 7 5 Mr. H. Oxenham- b g Toronto, late Otranto (nil), 6yrs 70 Mr. H. Oxenham's b g Ellington (nil), aged 7 5 Mr. J. Wilson's, jun., b g Tabby (nil), 6 yrs .. 7 5 Mr. R. K. Maitland's b or br g Stafford (nil;, aged 5 Mr. J. M'Grade's b g Mustang (nil), 6 yrs 75 Mr. A. Davies, ch g Louis (nil), 6yrs 2. 7 5 Mr. J. C, Reid's ch g The Ghost (nil), aged 75 Mr. S. Miller's b g Walhalla (nil), aged.. 7 5 Mr. S. Nathan's ch m Straight Shot (nil), 6 yrs 7 5 Mr. R. Baldwin's bin Medea (nil). 6yrs 7 5 Mr. W. Brooks's b of First Pop (nil), 4 yrs 72 Mr. T. Henty's b g Bnystercr (MOO), 8 yrs 9 7 -4 Mr. W. Forrester's b o Halcyon (nil), 3 yrs 0 0 COMOHQ STAKES, (To start at half-past C.) Of 5 sovs. each, with 200 added ; second, 50 sovs. One mile and a furlong. st. lb. Mr. R. Miller's chh William Tell, Cyril 0 0 Mr. R. Donovan's b or br e Dunlop, 4 yrs 11 0 Mr. J. Tully ns br h Middlemarch, 0 yrs .. S 16 Mr. R W. Ellis's ch h Lord Wilton, U yrs .. 8 > II Mr. H. J. Bowler's bor br in Minerva, Oyrs.. 8 6 Mr. M. Locke's b g Satyr, Oyrs .... 8 4 Mr. R, Orr's b of Local!, 4 yams 2 Mr. J. R. Smith's her Butler, 6 yrs .. 8 0 Mr. A. F. Smart's broUurrllda.7 18 ". - - - - 12 her. -. young a us use. our, eyes J. Mr. J. D. Robertson's b of The Mun, 3 yrs Mr. G. Davis' b m Catherine, aged - .. Mr C. H. Agnew's ch m Pocahontas, aged .. hon, W. A. Long's ch li The Agent, aged .. Mr. T. Rennison's ch li Salvo, 5 yrs Mr. C. Collins', of a Kovviuastcr, 3 yrs.. Mr. 8. Martin's b g Hogmanay, aged .. Mr. J. Morrison's b of Don Giovani, 3 yrs Mr. J. G. Reid's b or br Gadfly, 3 yrs 2. Mr. C. L. McDonald's b The Levite, ago. Mr. S. Nathan- ch m Straight Shot, 6 yrs ... Mr. T. Jones's b h New York, 5 yrs Mr. I. Foulsham ns ch t Bonnie Doone yrs.. Mr. E. W. Ellis's b or bro- Trojan, 3 yrs Mr. A. Halinbourg ch c Albanus, i yes Sir. T. Rennison's b g Maroney, aged .. > .. Hon. J. Baker's br g My all King, 4 yrs .. Mr. W. E. Dakin's b c The Pearl, 4 yrs Mr. S. Miller's br I Illohvvortli, 3 yrs Messrs. Mathews and Sons br h Gelding, 5 yrs. Mr. J. Haimes's br 0 Dufferin, 3yrs Mr. J. Paterson oh h Scylla, 6yrs Mr. J. Wilson, jun's b a The Fohbor, 8 yrs .. Mr. J. Crozier, jun.'s br c Lara, 3 yrs 2. Mr. S. Uordluor e br f Hosary, s yrs 2. Mr. G. Davis's b c Daystar, 3 yrs Mr. W. S. Cox, jun's, b h Ex-Premier, 6 yrs .. 7 12 