PICTURES IN PARLIAMENT. Dr:? Wilkinson hiad .moved'tle adjourn ment of. the debate, and thus it foiell to Dr. Wilkinson to make entry on the main business of the night. And nobody wanted to hear Dr. Wilkinsoni. If people want to hear doctors' talk politics, they go to theother house. The formal busi ness, therefore, was. transaoted with patienico and deliberation, the quies tions were answered, the petitions read, and Mr. Want had full opportunity to launch the quotation he had looked up at the head of Mr. Abigail. Unhappy Mr. Abigkil I He does not, enjoy the long continded delay about those frauds, He objects to delay just as much as Mr. Want objects to hurry,, and might very aptly turn the quotation, for,. indeed, the other party. doth also protest too much. The Hon. Attorney-General's. attitude has throughout thebusiness been one of protestation. Everybody protests, and : everybody ,is. wrong; anid' f ihere: hadn't been so much protestation there wouldhaveobeenmuchmoreprogress.?Itmay' be so,Mr,' Want says it. is so, but he does not explain how, or why.it is so. The utmost publicity could 'do would be to warn those impicated to bolt, and the first blast would be sufficoient for that. Mr. Want, however, is angry at any interfer forence. He is the counsel for the prose cution, and the counsel have a proverbial dislike to any meddling with a case that is once placed in their hands. Butas touching the security of the As sembly. Are we going to see the old place set ailazo about our heads some night ' The electric apparatus has been iialicious enough to attempt to burn the Speaker or his books, and some day Mr. Garrard expects to see each separate wire. along the walls appear as a line of flame. If 'there is time amid the general scare and bolt which will then ensue, some true pro phet amongstthe free-traderswillbeableto lookup and make a grand point by pointing to the writing on the wall, the Upharsin over the Government benches. Mr. Suttor, howoever, promises to see to the wire, and instead of fire last night, we. had the cold, cold water deliberately poured forth by Dr. I Wilkinson. The doctor was both professional and artistic in his examples. He painted protec tion as an anatomical' specimen, and went to a pastd by Raphael for an. illustration. of itsinfluence. His peroration was worthy of any school of arts, or' debating club in thecolony. "Healthy industries required no coddling, and he was of opinion that the coddling which the Government pro posed to extend to the industries of the colony would only result in' rearing. ricketty, unhealthy offspring. Protection was indeed but the ontcome of selfishuess and avarice. Free-trade, however, the doctrine of enlightenment, had been advo cated by the greatest thinkers and states men who ever lived."' It seeoms that we have heard something of thatsort before, and though'we are net prepared to discuse such matters as con genital influences with the doctor, would desire to suggest to him as a subject or study before his next great speech the splendid unselfishness, the magnificerint self-sacrifice it may be said, of the Deas Thomson, our first great free-trade tariff, brought into existence chiefly by our mer cantile members of Parliament. There was a splendid sacrifice on the altar of patnriotism at that time, and if anybody afterwards grew rich it was 'purely a matter of accident. Mr. Forsyth came after the doctor, to 'arguethattherewas no? protectionwhatever aboutthe ad valordodutiesproposedby the Government. The Opposition were not content to wait till the actual fact pro tection was introduced to thein, they would make a ghost and fight it just to keep themselves in form, perhaps. Mr. Forsyth wids . not much be'ter con tented with' the Government proposals than the Opposition, because . he waunted--real ----prot~ction; :iilt, its shadow or promise, and he was sue, as all people who think really into the depths of the matter are sure, that whenever people generally recognised that free-trade meant free competition of Australian workmen with Indisans and Chinamen and all manner of heathens and strangers from beyond seas,the generalandirresistible demand for protectioin would be made. Thehon.mem Sber, throughthe courseof hisaddreas,waxed somewhat wrath with Sir oenry'Parkes, and could not understand why his word schemer should be challenged,and another memher's "traitor and renegade" be let pass. He did not make a fair allowance for the condition of the Speaker at the. various times perhaps. 'Through the course of that six andthirty hours of stone walling, and the abomination of deso lation Mr. J. C. Neild's speech set. in the midst of it, there must have been. times when the Devil liimself might have slipped threouglh, oreven sat down without challenge, and did Mr. Forsyth expect that the Speaker should keep wateh on ·such minor and familiar personages as traitors and renegades P Mr. Foster cam e after 'M.. For. syth with a first plea of no necessity, and a -second no avail, and an objection based uponthe fact that if the merchants were taxed five per cent. they would tax their customers fifteen. Mr. V. Parkes then' made a nice little speech, very proper, very fair, very logical, and very weak, a perfectly accu rate putting of two and two together inthe. ixed belief apparently that so the whole matte'r would be settled. Mr. Varney Parkes may lein' some day,.perhaps, that his littletwo and two have about as much to do with the whole matter as the rule of addition to the wholeescience of arith metie, And Mr. Purves must needs pro. test against any interference with the established order. Well 'tis natural, may- be. Well gifted and well dowered in every way. Mr. Purves has found the world sdch .a 'pleasant place to live in thkt. he reason ably objects to any change. Batit. was. not'kind of Mr. Purves.to go round as he did on the Civil servants, to tell the House that Civil servahte had told him that they never did any work in the afternoon. Who expects Civil sbervants to work in the afternoon P How could 'levees,, garden parties, tennis, andthe block go on if Civil servants were expected to work in' the afternoon. After this shameful bGieach of confideiice by Mr. Purves, we shall hardly .be surprised to hear him proposing that the gergeant do leave his most comfortable chair and get a stool and a table, and bear: a hand at Hansard, which, if the desires of some hen. members have effect, will requiremany handsby-an d-bye. Mr. Purves was the last important speaker, and following him the heon. member for Meolong took such action that to-day we shall begin with another doctor. It is rather ominous, so many doctors coming in at the tail end of the debate, but the Ministry hope to prevail, and to .send their bill along rejoicing, and let the undertakers await another call. . . - , Trades and Labour Council in Brisbane protest against immigration without Government providinig employment forthe new hands. Some people are. disappointed at the peecefulness attending the brickmakers' strike, And their disappointment will last, too. .A secession in the Salvation Army has occurred in Esi~gand on account of the " unchristian" dismissal of offoers. The latter were ordered on "foreignl service," hbut declined'to go. ·~ !· • '-...::. -?A I-+ ? : -?.: .. :_,L~-;l..£L :;-?... :-:?.. 