SOME THOUGHTS ON THE EIGHTH 'OF ' APRIL. '. BY JUSTIN HUNTLT BIrCARTHY, . M.P.' Neither the history of the reign nor, the history o£ the century affords any parallel to thei scenes ?which. I witnessed in the House of Commons last Thursday. The records of contemporary events afford many examples of great and - stirrin'g moments in the chronicle of the Commons' Chamber at Westminster. The introduction of' great measures of social and political reform, the debates -which have been big with . the fates of Ministers and which have resulted' in the over throw of administrations that.seemed yesterday to be deeply rooted in popular favour, the expla nations consequent upon momentous resigna tions, all these varied means of arousing intense political excitement have each in their turn thronged the pannelled room with members and lined the walls with the breathless spectators of % epoch-making episodes. But the rise of no measure and the fall of no Minister have ever stirred St. Stephen's to such fever-fires of excite ment as that which animated it all through the long hours of last Thursday's life. Neither the introduction of the first Eeform Bill with all the fervid emotions of the consequent debates, nor the excitements of such Parliamentary catas trophes as the dismissal of Lord Palmerston in 1852 and the defeats of Mr. Gladstone in 18G6 and 1885 can be fairly Baid to offer even a distant, parallel to the passions,' the enthusiasm, the fear and hope and fury and exultation which swept the surface and stirred the depths of the greatest legislative assemblage of modern times. It has been my good fortune to take part in some of the most thrilling incidents that have marked the stormy course of Parliamentary history for the lmt six years. From the galleries of the House of Common's I have watched the stars whilo the battle for Irish rights has raged below mo ; from those high places I have seen night fade into dawn and dawn become noon, and the day's strength wane into evening, and through night to dawn again, following the fortunes of the -handful of Irish ?mo-mhfivR who were ' ?makiner so brave a o front against the hostile House that raved against them and roared around them, and strove again and again to conquer, to crush, to silence thorn. I have seen the representatives of the Irish nation again and again expelled from the Chamber for their persistence in defending the rights and. pressing the claims of their country men. I have shared, in the tumultuous emotions of the two fateful hours in which successive Ministries fell on the cause of coercion before the votes of an united Irish party. AH these scenes and incidents are graven upon my memory, but no one of them, hot the fiercest and stormiest, could for a moment ; compare with the keen,; almost agonizing, excitement and the vast his-v torical dignity of the scene which the House of Commons: presented at fp/ur .'o'clock (m the after ifHopnjE of, Thursday last, the ever-memorable 8th ' of'^-pril. ',-.]!' 'i '' One great fact rises distinctly, star-like, out of ^all.the confusion and passion and heart-burning ^ and jheartruplif ting of that memorable day, the j fact ,thatia, great English Minister, the foremost ' and most famous statesman of his age, has recog nized, speaking to an attentive Senate, to an ''attentive nation, to an attentive world, the right ' of the Irish people to self-government. That great historic fact is at once the triumph and the justification of an oppressed but an unconquered nationality. Whatever may be thought of the particular measure which Mr. Gladstone has , -introduced, whatever may be its ultimate fate in the House of Commons or in the House of Peers, whatever modifications, improvements,' exten sions it may be found capable of sustaining are ail but details, vastly important in themselves,' but for the , moment unimportant in contrast , with the stupendous, the monumental importance, of' the recognition by the foremost of Englishj statesmen of that -right of Ireland to make her1 own laws for her own people, -which for so many1 j centuries has been so persistently, so bloodily, denied to her. ? There are ? certain hours in the lives of great men which are in|themselves epochs, liburs when a single 'speech is more momentous/ more far-reaching, than half a dozen revolution's. 1 { Such i was the hour which but a week ago reversed! the verdict of seven centuries ; such was the speech in which Mr. Gladstone apologised for |thel * folly of eighty-six years of false and fatal union, ; and Kf rankly recognized, late | in the day, indeed, . b'ut not too late, that Ireland contained a people , ' rightly struggling to, be free.' , '' The great Prime Minister had the advantage of addressing the greatest speech of his life to the 'largest audience that was ever gathered together ( within the precincts of the popular assembly. .But crowded though the Chamber was, and crowded, too, with, perhaps, the' most remarkable throng of men that has ever been gathered to gether within the walls of Westminster, it was for me more closely crowded and with a yet more eminent congregation. My mind's eye, gifted for , the moment by my 'fancy with the powers of a second sight, peopled it with further presences. An observer in one of the choking ^spaces set apart for strangers, looking down upon those packed benches, upon that floor where, for the first time within memory of man, seats had 'been placed for members upon the blopked gang ways, upon the thickly-clustering groups behind the Speaker's chair and below the bar, upon the 'overflowing passages and groaning i galleries, might well have imagined that so full a House could, scarcely be made fuller even by the addition of a solitary individual. In sober fact, it would have, been hard indeed to find room for another human being in the dense assemblage, or for the over-taxed and en ervating atmosphere to afford him a lifesustain ing supply of oxygen, if room had been found for the sole of his foot. It was not, however, with living,, breathing entities, but with the bodiless creations of fancy that my mind increased the as semblage within that swarming Senate House. As my gaze wandered over that vast sea of human faces ,they seemed to change to faces scarcely less familiar, though they have long been strange to sunlight and starlight, and in a moment 1 had summoned a new and more Imperial Parliament, a' Parliament not of the quick but of the dead. My,, conception making this new - ' call of the House' evoked from the long avenues of the past a world of stately shadows. The Irish benches crowded with mv en thusiastic colleagues., rallying in exultation around the chosen leader of their country and their cause faded — so it seemed to my reverie — from my sight, and in their room a legion of mighty and mournful phantoms presented tb em selves to me. Phantoms. of many epochs and of many ages rose in a great cloud together, and my vision following the lines of their dim ranks caught here and there with the feverish rapidity of a dream' well known and venerated counten ances dear beyond all phrase to Irish members. The white-haired, blind old man, whose stal wart frame was bowed by sorrow and whose sightless gaze had in it such a wistful pathos, was not he the exiled Earl whose grave in Eoman earth is now the shrine of so many pilgrimages. Near him; his soldier's face writhed with pain or poison, came the great kinsman of his House, Owen Eoe ; Sarsfield; with the blqod of Landen on his breast and hand ; Talbot of Tyrconnell's weary, haughty face; Roger Moore, handsome, chivalrous, devoted ; William Molyneux, with the 'Case of Ireland' in. his grasp; the small, fervid figure of the Dean of St. Patrick's with ' fierce indignation' blazing in his wild, dark eyes j Lucas, with his volume clasped in his em brace; the gallant bearing of Charlemont; Grattan, in the uniform of the Volunteers ; Flood, restless and repentant; Curran, swaying with stormy eloquence — these and many others floated before me in proud succession. With them were' yet ' livelier and loftier pre sences. -Edward Fitzgerald, his comely body gashed with more scars than ' Caesar's, and by baser hands ; Tone, with that grim wound in his throat ; Bagenal Harvey and tFather John ; the Brothers Sheares in death as in life undivided ; and Emmet, with the livid circle round his young neck. On they came, the long line of martyrs who had died to defeat the fatal principle which the Act of Union formulated, and who seemed now to rise from their graves at the sound of the knell of that principle. Nor were the phantoms of my fancy confined alone to1 our side of the House, nor to the Irish benches. Across the floor, even on the, seat where the Ministers of tho hour were grouped together, I seemed to discern the benign shadows of the il lustrious 'dead. Chesterfield and Fitawilliam stood there side by side. The genius of Charles James Fox seemed to hover like an inspiring influence about the bowed form of the Prime Minister, and the likeness of Burke leaned over to prompt his brilliant biographer and follower with his silver voice, and to encourage him with his golden counsel. Me thought, too, that a few more ominous and for bidding shapes were huddled together in angry companionship upon the Opposition side of the House, lurking furtively in the dark spaces behind the Speaker's chair. Cornwallis and Castlereagh, and Pitt, Strafford, and Essex, and Perrot, and .Bagnal, Cromwell and William of Nassau, with suoh baser spectres aa Sirr, and Swan, and Higgins, emerged momentarily from the-darkness and* vanished'- again with 'the fitful' confusion of adream.r'i m mi - - l - - ? r' '? ? i' ' All thisighostly army, multiplying in ibe wilder-; ing.rapidity, swayed and floated silently iforward,' their . ,pale faces shining - , with wild I emotions 'of hope And exultation and hate; Thflma great cry, rose up, a fierce, tumultuous yell of triumpiuand' salutation ; the grey ghosts seemed to shudder at! the, sound, and i. swiftly .(vanished s'as the'clamouri rose to their places or shades, i St. - Stephens was: itself again, and the assembled, living, breathing| multitude were — the majority of them—cheering! themselves , hoarse in welcome of Mr.1 Gladstone,! who had just risen to his feet. As. I listened to] the orator, and heard the impassioned words in: which an English Minister, for the first time ini the face of all the world, recognized the rights of, the - Irish people, I felt thatdndeed* the mighty! dead might well be content Iwith that day's busi- ! ness, and' might, indeed,' if it were- permitted' toj them, -quit their resting-places to share in ^the- triumph of a,. day which marks an epoch itti Irish] history — an epoch which ^seems* as if i it -werej destined to end the old evil order of repression and revolution and open the new order ef 'freedom and of hope. , ; - rn 