Oar American Letter. NEW YORK. May 1. The labour agitation continues to spread over an ever-widening area, and to grow in vehemence and bit terness. Between 60,000 and 100,000 men are now out on strike in various parts of toe country, and are being supported by weekly doles drawn from the re sources of the local treasuries of toe unions, or from toe assessments and contributions of toe million and a rniftftfir members of toe ' Kni&hts; of Labour ' still at work. To-day, the 1st of May, is henceforth to be set apart, according to toe programme of the new crusade, as a festival of flu toilers; and as I write toe principal t streets of this city are filled with bands of parading workmen, who with music and banners are on their way to usher in toe new era by a monster demonstration and mass meeting. In toe other great cities — Chicago, St. Louis, Boston, Phila delphia — similar scenes are this day being enacted, toe one great theme of debate at all toe meetings being the advisability of demanding an immediate reduction of toe daily hours of labour to eight. The latest news is that at Chicago toe pork-packers, numbering 25,000 men, will on Monday be added to toe list of the strikers, and that a general strike of all toe employees on toe western Tnllmad systems centering in that cify is almost inevi table. 'We should in that case certainly have more troublous times t.hnn even in 1877. Stocks have fallen from 1 to 5 per cent, on this prospect. The most rem ark able feature about this 6udden outbreak of labour troubles is that in only a very few instances do toe grievances com plained of relate to wages. The present rate of wages in nearly all toe trades is as Mgh in these piping tones of peace with the necessaries of life, cheaper than at any previous period in the old war days, when a depre ciated currency had inflated toe prices of all commodities to a famine standard. It is admitted by the working-men themselves that toey are better off materially to»w ever before. They attribute the im provement, it is true, to ine progress mey nave mane in mymifiiTig their forces and compelling employers to be just, and not to its mora probable cause — greater economy in toe methods of production ; but that such is toe fact remains as a point conceded upon all sides. Many fanciful wrongs may be found in toe formal notices of discontent served on various individual and corporate employers, but it is not difficult to pick ont m all the one real thing aimed at by toe men, and for the achievement of which they are willing for the moment to make, any and all sacri fices. Past struggles have taught their leaders — and their leaders, after years of labour, have contrived to make toe truth plain to every member of toe rank and file — that victory in tola class of disputes depends upon the power of the trades - union to compel the allegiance of every craftsman. A generation ago the law and public opinion were both op posed. to the recognition of the right of men to band themselves together at all in trades-unions ; but now the law and public opinion agree in regarding such a right as one of toe inalienable privileges of a freeman. They add, however, that it is also an inalienable privilege of a freeman, if he chooses to follow a trade without belonging to a trades-union. The present straggle is au effort to sweep away this last obnoxious principle, and to establish in its stead a solemn agree ment between employers and employed that none but union men shall henceforth be permitted to enjoy the privilege of working; On the Third-avenue railroad, for example, in spite of the fact that only a month or two ago the corporation acceded to all demands in regard to hours and wages, 1000 men have again struck for toe immediate discharge of seven persons, who do not belong to toe union. Em ployers generally have been quick to see the advantage they would gain in securing the sympathy of the public, and of that great rural and farming population, which holds toe final and supreme pbwer of legislation — for luckily, in a count of noses, the farmers in America are still the most numerous class — by clearly keeping in view as toe real issue this one propo sition, that henceforth, if the ufiions and tho 'knights of labour' are to have their way, a man will not enjoy the right to work, because he is a freeman in a free country, but only because he is a memoer or some recognised union, from tne old English and European position — that working men have no right to organise at all — we are asked to advance to the other extreme, that no ' unorganised ' labourer has the right to live by the sweat of his brow. It need hardly he added that as soon as the question was presented in this shape, the American passion for individual freedom flamed out in a very marked degree. For several weeks nearly the entire press, and all mem bers of the well-to-do classes have been threatening the working men with the militia and grand jury, and very considerable sums have been raised by voluntary sub scription as bounties to men who have been willing to take toe place of strikers. But this does not necessarily mean that toe ultimate victory will ne with tne employers. Tne unions and the ' knights of labour' are not, even at the present time, entirely destitute of disciplinary appliances. They have two great weapons — illegal violence and toe boy cott Outrages by the hundred are reported daily, and while toe labour leaders profess to deplore such out breaks, and to do all in their power to prevent them, toey seem very ready to make the most of them, in 'inducing' toe non- union workers to come into the fold. In the TMrd-avenue car strike, which is now in its third week, cars have been run only in toe day time, and yet each car has had to be accompanied by two policemen. The few men who have dared to take some of toe places vacated by the strikers have eaten and slept at toe com pany's depot, and dare not stray away from it even a couple of hundred feet. One of them who foolishly ventured into a saloon within that distance of the head quarters was almost beaten to death ; and only a week ago, one of the cars was assailed in broad daylight and toe non-union driver and conductor dragged off the piatrorm ana Drutairy maltreated. Whenever the eye of toe policemen is momentarily veiled, the non-union men are everywhere assailed with the cry of ' scab,' which in the popular mind has a depth of contempt in it even greater than even this unpleasant word would itself seem to contain. Only toe bravest or the meanest of - mankind could long with stand the odium and class persecution to which refusal to join the union or to obey its demands sub jects them. The boycott, however, is a yet more ef fective means of offence, and so long as it is confined to a few objects, easily remembered by the masses of the people, it is practically irresistible. Two boycotts, now 'on' in New York cify, have drawn upon fhem toe eyes of toe whole country. They are both declared against bakeshops managed by women — one by Mrs. Gray in toe western or American quarter; and the other by a Mrs. Landgraf in toe eastern or German quarter. Both women refused to employ union bakers, and a committee of toe union were posted on toe sidewalk outside their shops to distribute handbills and person ally plead with intending customers not to pur chase. Even toe kerb-stones were placarded with those long streamers, so common in election times, and known as 'gutter Bnipe,' begging people to take notice that these stores were boycotted, each placard having at one ride a printed picture of the grand seal of toe knights of labour. In both cases toe regular customers soon abandoned the stores. Both women appealed to the general public, and many hun dreds of dollars have been sent to Mrs. Gray as sub scriptions to recoup her for her losses, while each after noon her store has been crowded with business men, on their way up town, who have taken her cakes and pies at fancy prices of from one to five dollars each. The same kind of help was extended to Mrs. Landgraf ; hut, being in an outrof-the-way neighbourhood, toe good Samaritans have grown fewer and fewer each day, and Mrs. Landgraf is now practically, ruined, peace being possible for her only on condition that she pay a fine to the union of 25 dollars a day and the cost of placing pickets near her store, in all about 500 dollars. These cases, and one other of a tailor, in Twenty-third-street, have been taken in hand by the grand jury, and about 60 indictments have been round against the leaders and pickets of the unions, for ' conspiracy to harass and annoy.' The penalty, in case of conviction, is a year's imprisonment and 1000 dollars fine ; but if all the men are sentenced, the result would rimply be that toe boycott would be still prac tised, though in a less open and undisguised manner. None of toe great wholesale business firaB have bo far Entered to institute proceedings against boycottexswho ve assailed them, and all have meekly paid their fines and consented to put union labels on their goods. Last week Mr. Theiss, of the great music halls in Four teenth- street, paid 1000 dollars fine to the Musicians' Union, because he had hired musicians at less than toe established rate of four dollars a day ; and at Harlem the proprietor of a smaller hall, who' had paid full rates to his musicians, but had hired a conductor at six dollars instead of toe eight dollars a day fixed by toe association, made his peace by a fine of only 250 dollars. This extraordinary agitation has naturally put toe higher order of politicians into a state of great mental perplexity and distress. The small fry have, of course, a very simple part to play. If a man has a city con stitaency he is a friend of too people, right or wrong, and is eag?r to make good his promises by real work. If his constituents; on the other hand, are farmers, a negative, non-committal policy is imposed upon, him, with very strong disapproval of violence is any form, and a calm confidence that toe law can be modified so as to redress every wrong. But what must he say, who as a candidate for Governor or Senator, is forced to satisfy a constituency composed of all classes ? At such seasons, however, honest, brave; unselfish statesmen declare themselves, regardless of consequences, and President Cleveland bias justified the good opinion of his best friends by taking unmistake able ground upon this crucial question. He has sent a special message to Congress on the strikes, inviting a full and thorough investigation of toe existing relations between capital and labour, and strongly suggesting the devising of courts of arbitration, to which all disputes should be referred, and the waste and disorder of an enforced suspension of industry thus avoided. The House Committee on Labour have already taken the matter in hand, and have examined the chiefs of toe knights of labour and Jay Gould, and a number of other railroad officials, and have now gone to the scene of the strikes to take toe testimony of toe minor actors in the struggle. But toe difficulties in satisfactorily working out toe details of any plan of compulsory arbitration are very great, and, in toe judgment of those who have given most thought and time to it, insuperable — unless; that is, labour is permitted to organise itself into a com pact corporate mass. That granted, the matter becomes as simple as an ordinary law suit It is hardly necessary to add that these troubles have given a perceptible cheek to the 'boom' that fairly began to make its appearance a few months ago. No one will put money into any but the most certainly profitable enterprises, until everything is again on a peaceful and orderly basis. The South, where toe workmen have not yet advanced, either in wages or in independence, to toe level of their Northern brethren, continues to grow more prosperous, the iron industry giving strong indi cations that it will soon compete in qualify and output with the northern mines. Last week, at Chattanoonga, the first ton of steel ever made on the other side of Mason and Dixie's line was successfully manufactured. Another straw that is almost as bri ght an indication of the future of toe South is a grand reception being given to poor old Jeff Davis — now 78 years of age — in all the principal cities. At Montgomery and Atlanta he has been idolised with extravagant enthusiasm, hut neither in his speeches nor in those of the men who addressed him has there been one word of regret that slavery was abolished, or or oiBioyaixy to rue reaerai government. -Everywhere in toe decorations the national and state flags have been peacefully intertwined, and a favourite emblem, many times repeated, has been a soldier in grey and a soldier in blue shaking hands over the 'bloody chasm' once so often referred to. Only here and ther at the north, and then only from very old men, have come a few murmurs of disapproval of this demon stration, which, as some paper has fitly said, is Bimply the ' decent burial of toe last of the Confederacy.' The cotton mills at the south have ceased to pay toe marvellous 15 and 20 per cent, dividends of three years ago, but they are still fairly prosperous, and each month almost adds to toeir number. The drain of gold to Europe has begun again, owing to toe needs of the French banks, but not in sufficient quantity even to absorb our current output from toe domestic mines. 'Wheat and cotton are still at unre munerative rates, especially the former. The question of the wool duties has suddenly sprung up into great importance, and it begins to look possible that Congress may, either this year or next, take off toe duty altogether. The growth of the woollen mills during the paBi aecaae nas oeen wonaerruny rapid, and to-day more carpet is made within a radius of twenty miles of the cify of Philadelphia alone than in ail Great Britain, though of inferior quality and value. Some of the facts of toe wool industry in this country as given in a recent letter to Congress by Secretary Manning may be of interest to Australian readers. In 1862, we produced 106,000,0001b, of woo} ; in 1882, 290,000,0001b. In 1862 the average price of this was 45 cents, a pound ; in 1872, 62 cents. ; one year before and after 1872, 48 cents. ; in 1882, 42 cents. ; and in 1884, 83 cents. In 1862, we had 22,500,000 sheep ; in 1870, 28,500,000, and in 1880, 35,000,000. The increase in too weight of the fleece from each sheep has been enormous, for in 1840 the average was l*851b., in 1862, 2*6811). ; in 1870, 3*521b. ; and in 1880 no less than 4*791b. The average ad-valorem duty actually levied on toe three grades of clothing, combing, and carpet wools was in 1880, 41 per cent ; in 1881, 40 ; in 1882, 35 ; in 1883, 36 ; and in 1884 (under toe law of 1883), only 33 per cent But on clothing wools toe ad-valorem rate in 1884 varied from 117 to 48^ percent During the past 5 years toe imported wools have constituted one-fifth of toe quan tify, but only one-tenth of the value, manufactured in this country, a great part of it being carpet wool, which is not grown at all here. In 1885 we imported 14,000,000 lb. of clothing and combing wools, and 56,500,000 lb. of carpet wools, which latter average 'in toe dust' a price of about 10 cents a pound. Until late yeara, toe woolgrowers and woBllen manufacturers associations have agreed together tolerably well ; but now toe latter have cut loose definitely from all considerations save their own prosperity, aad are strongly urging that toe enormously greater interest which they represent should not be sacrified to that of toe woolgrowers. JJ^The theatrical season is almost over, and the managers gladly find that it has been a very prosperous one. The ' Mikado ' has gone to the Metropolitan Opera House, with new scenery and dresses, and im mensely increased choruses, and has no more trouble in filling a big house than a small one. Salvini and Booth are playing together at toe Academy of Music in 'Othello.' and other tragedies, interchanging the leading parts, among which, possibly' from ca i i an a M .. ^ It itJT flWll/U- lb UAVAUUVU UU! VtUuDU AU 4 M4III ICily Ui which Salvini made his first appearance last night to toe wonder and delight of toe audience. In place of the sepulchral monotone in which toe Ghost's lures are usually rendered, Salvini gave them a natural and very varied intonation, and in his gestures he was still, even though disembodied, every inch of him a king. The most striking change of ' business ' was when he waved the prince after him to a ' more re moved ground.' It was not a backward exit, as though he suspected that Hamlet junior might sneak away, but with a Mngiy stride forward, with no implied doubt of bis son's obedience. At the Grand Opera House Robson and Crane are giving us their version of ' The Comedy of Errors' — very funny, but scarcely Shakespearian in its tone. At Hamgau's Park Theatre; his new local piece, 'The Leather Patch,' is still a potent attraction, and at toe Lyceum, Bronsou How ard's ' One of Our Girls;' in spite of its very unflatter ing portraiture of toe American young female, draws full houses in its third month. At the other houses old pieces are doing fairly well 