Dr. Anscombe's Experiment. By Angei.o J. Lewis. » Yes, I have certainly seen that face before. But where r' Over and over again I had put the same question to myself, but it seemed as far from solution as drer. In was a winter night in the year 1870. I had been spending the evening with a friend at lligligate, and, O ln„-T ^rnorir walk tVirrill-rh snow and sleet, had ° lv'oi ? ? o , justigot back to my snug rooms at St. Lazarus Hos pital, where I held the office of resident surgeon. It was '.nearly midnight, but I did not feel inclined for sleep, and having taken off my overcoat and put on my Clippers, I drew my easy-chair up to the fire, and sat down to enjoy a quiet pipe. I had finished one pipe; and was deliberating whether to have another, when my eyes chanced to fall on an object placed on a side-table, and covered with; a green baize cloth. 'Another subject, I sippose,' I said, half aloud. I crossed the rooii and lifted the baize. On a wooden slab, which I wtjs accustomed to use as a dissecting table, lay, as I had anticipated, a human head, newly severed from the body. I should here explain that I had been for somb' time past devoting special attention to the various forms of brain disease, and that the dissecting room porter had a standing order that whenever a subject was known to have suffered from that class of diseise, the head was to be reserved for me. I re cognised the present specimen as that of a young wonjan who had been brought into the hospital two dayS previously, suffering from acute brain-fever, and whom, from the first, there had been but little hope of saying. After looking at it for a moment or two, I covered the head once more, relighted my i :pipe, and took up the Eancet again, for I Was in the middle of an interesting articij!. But I found that I could no longer concentrate my attention on my reading. Somehow or other my thoughts would wander back to that grisly object on the side-table. My medical ex perience had made me too familiar with the lelics of morality for them to excite anything like the nervous horror or repulsion which such objects arouse in the nonprofessional mind. My interest in the head arose] from a very different cause. I could not help fancttng that, somewhere or other, I had seen that facefftefore. I remembered that the same idea had crosjdd my mind when the dying girl, with the close cut hair, was first brought into the ward, but I had almost immediately discarded it, thinking that I must be deceived by some chance likeness. Now, however, the idea recurred to me with redoubled force, and do what 'J might I could not drive it away. I ransacked my niemorv, but in vain. I could not ' localise' the face j and yet, as I reflected, the -conviction grew stronger and stronger that the features were somehow famSar to me. Once more I rose from my chair, andjremoving the cloth, gazed at the head for some minutes, trying to recall the missing link of associa tion! but in' vain. Again I sat down, and my thoughts strayed away to that grim triptych in the Musee Wia-tz, at Brussels, in which are represented the fancied sensations of a severed head during the first threes minutes after decapitation. I wondered whether there* was any real foundation for the belief of Sue andtiominering, so terribly illustrated by the genius of ?ihe artist; whether a head once severed from / the body could, under any cireum Stanfcfes, think and feel, for ever so short a lime. I recalled the experiment said to ha v| been tried by the great French surgeon, Vel peafL on the poisoner De la Pommerais, and the as sertid fact that the severed head of the criminal did, by a! inovement of the eyelid, as previously agreed between them, prove that it heard and understood the tbice of its questioner. I found myself speculat ing fen the mystery of life ; whether there could by any {possibility be a life of the brain after the life of the {heart had ceased, and the spinal cord was! ' severed. And ever and anon, amid my other- reflections, came back the original nuzJe, Where had I seen that face before ' Ah,' I thought, 'if those silent lips could speak, thevfraight give me the answer to my riddle ! ' And then? a still more starling thought- ffaished upon my braid*— an idea SO wild, so unheard of, that it almost took] away my breath. In my earlier student days I hadamused myself by practising mesmerism, and had founHmyself to possess the mystic power in a very unusual degree. What if I pould impart some of my ownlvitality to that silent brain, compel it to live oncejinore, and answer the riddle that baffled me- It waste wild, almost insane idea, too extravagant for serious consideration. I tried to dismiss it, but it would not be shaken off, and I determined at last that I would at any rate try the experiment, I Jbfcked my door, for I should have been ashamed to bafeurprised in so extravagant an occupation ; and then! uncovering the head and placing it in a conveni ent position, I began to make mesmeric passes over it. At ffifct I experienced an uneasy feeling, as though I were'ia wizard, practising unlawful arts, and naif afrap of the possible result. But this feeling speedily wordpff, and I found myself not only ardently desir ing ii succeed, bttt gradually acquiring a conviction thatn should do so. For nearly half an hour I per seve&d; without result, though I threw the utmost force bf my will into my efforts. . At last, just as I waspeghiuing to lose hope, I fancied that I perceived a faint quiver of the eyelids. I thereupon redoubled my Efforts, and after a few minutes more, during which I had been making passes with almost frantic energV, the dead eyes ifowly opened and looked at me. ] ! As long as I live I shall never forget that momfent. I experienced no sense of hprror or alarm, buta conscientious scruple crossed my mind as-to whether I had any right to carry my e?peri?pgnt farthler, and after a moment's pause I begSft the reverse, or de-magnetising, passes. As I did so, however, the expression of tire face changed to one of agonised reproach? and I could not resist the impresff dwnthat, for some reason or other, the head wished me to continue. Thus encouraged, I resumed the mesmerising process, and the face after a fow tp rt-mXn ta recovered its former comparatively tranquil expression. As I proceeded, the eyes moved with greater freedom, and the foa« tares became more mobile. The expression of the face seemed fo-V&ryv; but I could not read its meaning. Suddenly the conviction flashed upon me (howl -I cannot say, but as if borne in upon me by some'sympathetie sense) that the head was trying to speak, but could make no sound. ' 0o you wish to speak? ' I said. The head gazed at me with appeal ing eyes, but was silent. 1 remembered Valp§au'§ experiment. ; -'-If you understand- what I say, close vour eves.' The eyes closed instantly, then oppne* again with the old appealing gaze. ' If you desire to speak, close your eyes again,' Again they closed. ' Can I help you r ' The eyes closed once more, and then slowly, as if with effort, looked away from me towards a table in another part of the room. I fol lowed their dired ion, but could see nothing to indi cate what was desired. The table in question was strewn with surgical and other apparatus. I walked towards it, the eyes following me. ' Is it something on this table you want me to use ? ' The eyes closed and again opened. After a moment's reflection I said, ' I will touch every object on this table in succession. When I come to the right one, close your eyes.' The eyes closed in token of comprehension, then opened again with an eager look. I took up one article after another and laid it down and laid it down again, but the head made 110 sign. I had touched nearly every object on the table, and I began to fear that there was a misunderstanding on the one side or the other, when I chanced to place my hand on some electrical appa' ratus with which I had been experimenting earlier in the day. To my surprise the eyes closed. ' Ah, the microphone ! ' I exclaimed. ' Yes, that may assist, but how to use it ? ' I removed the apparatus to the table whereon the head lay. ' Am I right so far '{ ' I asked. The eyes closed. ' Direct me,' I said ; when I am doing right, close your eyes again.' I applied the wires of the battery to different parts of the head without receiving the approving signal ; but at last, on placing one side in contact with the hypo glossal nerve, and the other under the tongue, the. eyes closed. I noticed, however, with dismay that the head seemed to be losing its temporary vitality, and relapsing into its former insensible condition, though the eyes still pursued me with that mute appealing gaze, as though entreating succour. For a moment I was at a loss, but suddenly I remembered that during my recent efforts to discover and cany out the wishes of the head I had suspended my mes meric operations. I now resumed my passes, and was speedily rewarded by finding that the head showed renewed signs of vitality. 1 persevered, and after a few minutes longer I perceived a slight movement of the lips, and a voice said in a whisper so faint that, even with the aid of the microphone, it was all but inaudible — ' Est ce quetu m'as oublie, Henri?'* ' Aim6e !' The puzzle was solved at last. The lightning flash of memory had bridged the lapse of years, and told me when and where I had last seen that face, then full of life and merriment, now so pale and bloodless. Before entering upon my medical studies in London I had been a student in the Quartier Latin, Paris. The sound of Aimee* s voice, recognisable still, though so faint and ghost-like, carried me back as by magic to those joyous student- days. The scorching Paris sun, shining as it never seems to shine in our greyer London j the clear blue sky ; the smell of the asphalte and the absinthe ; the morning lecture in the schools; the evening lounge in the gardens of the Luxem bourg ; or the mad dance at the Gardin Bullier, with the spirit of youth and goodfellowship that made the cliann of them all — how vividly they came back to me under the spell of a single sentence from those ashen lips ! My chosen friend and companion in thote merry days had been Paul Constant, a young French man of about my own age. We had lived in the same house, attended the same lectures, and chaffed the same gem d'armos. When money was plentiful with us, we feasted together, and when we had none (which happened now and then) we fasted in com pany. Paul was a Marseillais, a true son of the South, full of life and enthusiast!}, and brimming over with good intents and generous impulses, which too often, for lack of compensating prudence, led him into difficulties. He was a red-hot Republican and a fluent debater, and among other youthful follies had committed that of joining a Socialist club, which met in a cabaret at Belleville every Saturday night, for the purpose of drinking ' death to tyrants,' and other humanitarian sentiments. I had repeatedly remon strated with him for his imprudence in joining such a brotherhood, but he always made a jest of the matter. ??What. will you, my friend r' he used to say, in his comical English (in reply to reproaches couched in doubtless equally comical French). 'I do say ? Down with ze tyrans,' but if zey will not come down, it is noting to me. Ze wine is cood ! — I drink ze toast again !' I feared that some of those he was mixed up with were considerably more practical in their subversive intentions, hut knowing the cha racter of Paul, who would pick a drowning fly out of the milk jug, and dry him on his own pockethandker chief before launching him on the world again, I felt that threatened monarchs would live long enough for anything he was likely to do to cut short cheir career. Aimee Fonthuges vfas Paul's sweetheart. She was only a milliner's apprentice, but a thoroughly good and modest little girl, and it was fully understood that Paul and she were courting pour le bon motif, and would be man and wife as soon as Paul had made a fair start as an. architect, which was the goal of his ambition. Our student friends were rather a wild set, but the wildest of them would have thought shame to show any disrespect to pretty, modest, little Aimee. Aimee, like myself, greatly disliked Paul's connection with the {Socialist club j but he had promised that as sqpn as she became hie wife he would cease to take any part in political agitation, and with this assurance she was forced to be content. Such had been the state of things when circumstances cut short my stu dent life in Paris, and compelled one to return to London. For some time I exchanged epistles pretty regularly with Paul ; but the exigences of hard work and professional occupations on both sides caused the correspondence to flag, and ultimately to cease alto gether. The last I had heard of Paul was from a mutual friend, an old fellow-student whom I chanced to meet in London, and who told me that Paul had completed his professional studies, and was fairly launched in practice as an architect. He had good expectations of support, and hoped at an early date to be made one with his faithful Aimee. On my inquir. ing whether he had shaken off his objectionable poli tical associates, my friend shook his head with a grave look. ' I wish I could say yes,' he said. 'When a man once gets mixed up with fellows of that kind, it is not so easy to shake them off, and I fear poor Paul is more deeply- involved than ever. He sees his folly now, and I only hope he may be able to free himself, but I , am. afraid it is too late.' I was truly sorry to )l§aj guch a report, and more than half inclined to writp to Pgpl §nd entreat him. to make a determined effort tp get free ; fcuf J reflected that after so long a silence it -wouid seem almost an impertinence to thrugt advice upon him. A couple of years, or nearly, had elapsed sinde then, and the matter had passed from my memory until the old associations had been go strangely brought back to my mind to-night. Apd thig was Aim6e ! This pale relic of mortality, with the fiupkgn cljeeks, the bloodless lips, and fixed imploring mPUtb— this was Aimee ! The bright- eyed girl who had beep the lif§ of our merrymakings and the belle of our studentrballs, this poor -wreck was Aimee ! I could hardly believe it true, end yet I knew her too surely now. The shadowy likeness to some one in the past that had struck me when the dying girl was first brought in— the familiar expres sion that had baffled me in the severed head — all was explained. Aimee's sorrowful exclamation, 'Est ce que ta m'as oublie, Henri ?' had let the light into the ? Hate yog forgottpn jge, Hpgry j darkened chamber of memory, and all was clear. I answered her, almost with a cry, instinctively speak ing her own language : — ' Aimee ! Et Pattl, 0% est il ?' The eyes closed sadly, and the answer came, all but inaudible : — ' Helm On la, assassinc ! ' Murdered ! Paul murdered ! My much-loved friend and companion, so full of health and strength, and just launched on the voyage of life. Paul murdered! It was too terrible, I could not believe it. With passionate eagerness, aiid continually repeat ing the mesmeric passes in order to sustain the head in its factitious vitality, I poured out question after question, and waited with bated breath for the whispered answers. With difficulty I gathered that Paul had been assassinated, for some supposed offence, by the political desperadoes to whom he had so rashly leagued himself. I earnestly endeavoured to gain fuller details, but I felt that my strength was failing me. I could no longer support the terrific strain 1 had placed on myself to furnish the mesmeric fluid. Poor Aimee's answers grew fainter and fainter, and sometimes werc;altogether inaudible. At last, with a supreme effort, I heard her say, ' Adieu, Henri,' and at the same moment my strength gave way, and I fell senseless on the floor. ' * How long I lay in that condition I cannot say, but when I came to myself the yellow daylight was shining through the blinds. I rose cold and ex hausted, and shivering in every limb. Staggering with difficulty to my store-cupboard,, I poured out a glass of brandy, and drank it off. For some minutes my faculties were all astray. Had I been ill ? Had I had a fit of (some kind ? I caught sight of the reflection of my face in the glass, and was horrified at its ghastly aspect. Pale, cadaverous, with bloodshot eyes and tangled hair, 1 seemed to have aged 20 years in a single night. What had happened to me ? I sat down, and gazed in a half unconscious way about the room. As I did so, my eyes fell on the head, with the microphone still in position, and gradually the events of the night came back to me, but in a strangely distant . way, as though they had happened at some far back time, instead of a few hours ago. Reverently I removed the electrical apparatus, and covered over the poor relic which was all that was left of Aimee Fontanges. I made a hasty toilet, for I could not have ventured to face anyone in my then condition, and descended to the common breakfast room. Parrying ns well as I could the remarks that were made on all sides on my haggard and disordered appearance, I drank a cup of tea, for I could not eat, and then returned to my own room to think the matter over and; decide on my course of action. Had I been the victim of a dream, suggested by some chance resemblance to poor Aimee V I felt sure that I had not, and a very few inquiries con firmed me in that conviction. 1 found that the name of the patient had been entered as A. Constant, and that she had been brought in in . an unconscious state front an obscure French lodging-house near Leicester square. First giving instructions that her poor remains should he rescued from the dissecting-room (to which, as unclaimed, they would otherwise have belonged), and arranging that they should be buried with fitting reverence, i followed tip the clue 1 had thus gained.' I found that the proprietors of the lodging-house knew little of the poor girl beyond her name, wliich she had given as Madame Constant. They had observed that she wore a wedding-ring, and that her linen was marked ' A. C.' She had given them to understand that slic expected to meet her husband, who had preceded her to London by a few days, and was to have communicated with her at some agreed address. She had been with them about a week, and seemed to be getting more and more anxious, when she returned home one night in a ter rible state of grief and excitement, telling them that her dear husband had been cruelty murdered. The next day she was found to be raving with brain fever, and having apparently no means ,of paying for medical assistance (for the little money she Jiad brought with her was all but exhausted), they had thought it best to bring her to the hospital. Having exhausted this source of information, I betook myself to Scotland Yard, and ascertained that the body of a man, answering to the description of my former friend, had been found in the Thames, with a dagger wound in the back, the time of the discovery corresponding with sufficient exactness to that of poor Aimee's seizure, The murder was be lieved to be political. Carrying my inquiries still further, I placed myself in communication with the French police, and with one or jtwo friends in Paris, who, like myself, had intimately known Paul Con stant. I found that Aimee had been his wife for about 18 months before he met his tragic end. In accordance with his promise to her, he had done his best to free himself from the gang of political adven turers with whom he had so raShly allied himself, and whose true character he had discovered when too late. His endeavour to withdraw himself had not only failed, but had given great offence. His associ ates accused him of being a traitor to their cause, and in order to test his fidelity, as they said, nominated him as one of four who were to be the active instruments in a Nihilist plot ta assassinate the Emperor of Russia. Poor Paul was at his wits' end. He never entertained for one moment the thought of complying, but he knew on the other hand that a re fusal would cost him his life. The only alternative was flight. Accordingly he made his escape, with in finite precautions, to London, where Aimee was to follow him in a few days. It tiras thought better that they should not go to the same place. Aimee was to wait a communication from Paul In London, and thence to sail with him to America. Unfortu nately the conspirators had anticipated, only too correctly, what was likely to be Paul's course of action. They had watched his every movement, followed him to London, and at the very time when Aimee expected to hear that all was ready for their further journey she learnt that his body had been found in the river, stabbed from behind, with the assassin's knife still remaining in the wound. I had Uttie difficulty in discovering my poor friend's last resting place, ana he and Aimee now lie side by side, in a sunny little nook, with a white azalea shedding its blossoms over their grave. I often make a pilgrimage to the spot, with ;a very tender feeling, for it seems to me as if the brightest portion of my own youth was somehow buried with my old friends under that stone. It was nearly two years before I had completely recovered from the strain and excite ment of that terrible night, end, tiU now, I have kept my secret. Now and then I have been tempted to relate my strange experience in the professional journals, but the subject was so mixed up with tender associations that I did not feel the courage to do so, neither was I inclined ta encounter the storm of in credulity which my account was Ukely to provoke. The lapse of years, however, has made me less sensi tive, and for the benefit of those whom it may concern I have recorded the particulars of my strange experiment, but not for worlds would I venture to repeat it. Astronomer (addressing a company of distinguished visitors) : ?? If you will now be good enough to look through ffie telescope you will see Saturn with both rings.' Yopng Miss : ' Was Saturn twice married r' 