THE COURTING OF MARY SMITH. By F. W. ROBINSON, Author of "Grandmother's Money," "Anne Judge, Spinster," "Little Kate Kirby," "The Black Speck," "Lazarus in London," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK I.—LAUGHING LANCASHIRE. Chapter X.—The Beginning of the Fire, Yea. The Grand Hotel, Scarletpool, was on fire. There was no false alarm in it. The hot smoke was coming up the well staircase and stealing into all the corridors in choking fog like clouds, and a scared army of men, women, and children, with hardly a vestige of presence of mind left, and with hardly a vestige of wearing apparel in many striking instances, was flying downwards to the entrance hall and the outer doors, screaming and shontiner as it ran. No one at first took any trouble to as certain where the fire was; it was a furious stampede, with visitors and servants in a wild jumble together, and nobody knowing or caring which was which. The whole scene was burlesque and tragedy in one, only the scared white faces did not see any fun in it just at present, and the reign of terror was supreme. . And such a getting downstairs as it was !— ot such ghost-like figures, in such odd costumes, of no costumes at all to speak of, with self-pre servation getting the better of any sense of decorum, and unaware it was indecorous. Id was everybody for himself, and for the huge outer doors that opened into the safe, cold street. The first consideration of the dis tracted human mind was to get downstairs there was not the slightest doubt about that —and all the shouts of fire, the banging away at the goDg, could not expedite the descent, for the utmost expedition was being already shown in every quarter. Mary Smith was in the hall as quick as any body. She was young and active, and had Dot the least desire to be last, or to be left alone in the upper stories; but she was one of the first to recover that presence of mind which for a few minutes had very naturally deserted her. Looking up at the well staircase, and watching the shadowy figures darting to and fro, and coming nearer and nearer to her in their swift descent, was to imagine fcliat sh.0 was still in th.6 thick of that nightmare dream of hers from which she should wake presently with an unpleasant thumping in the region of the chest. " Where is the fire ?" she asked of one long limbed gentleman in a top hat and a night shirt who was scudding down the staircase three steps at a time, with an empty black bag, bottom upwards; but, with his gaze far ahead of her, he sprang by and was gone. Mary Smith looked round for some of the folk she had seen at the table d'hote that evening, but she did not recognise anybody in the crowd—the Lovetts were not there, nor the Tysons, nor the honeymoon couple, nor the man with the flaxen wig. Assured, even at the worst, that the fire must take time to reach the basement floors, and satisfied that the outer doors were unbolted and could be opened at a moment's notice, the visitors and waiters and chambermaids collected in a shivering mob in the hall, and about the various rooms that opened into the hall, and began to talk moBt volubly. " Are you going to let the place burn down , without an effort to save it?" cried Mary i Smith, in a clear, ringing voice. "Cannot any of you men do something better than stand j Btaring there?" And then Mary Smith ran upstairs again, followed by a few of the visitors and waiters, ' who began shouting for water, and on the first landing she discovered Mr, Lovett in his shirfc- j sleeves struggling to get a fire annihilator from j a bracket in the recess, and finding it beyond > his strength to move. ! "Can I help you, Mr. Lovett?" Bhe asked, ( and he said, " Yes, lass," and then, quickly, j « —ifc'B too much for you—or for the two of | us. Here, dash it, you, sir, can't you stop?" j he called to a stalwart individual descending with the usual amount of undue precipitation. But the gentleman was out of his mind for j the present, and bellowing out, "What will . become of me ? Where's the fire brigade ?" ; dashed by at " double quick," tugging a heavy , portmanteau after him which contained all his , worldly possessions, and which he bumped from stair to stair, and caught people unawares with, and tripped them up till he was fairly landed, panting and breathless, in the hall. "You're a stupid fool, sir!" shouted Mr. Lovett over the balusters at him; but the man did not retaliate. He sat on his portmanteau and burst into tears, and begged for somebody to run for the fire brigade, being impressed with the idea that that notion had slipped everybody's memory but his own. _ i "If I could only get this confounded thing down," cried Mr. Lovett, returning to the pillar-box kind of instrument which weighed probably a couple of hundredweight; "not that I know how it acts when it is down; but » T , " Let me help you, Mr. Lovett; I under stand it," said a voice that Mary Smith recog uised, and then her neighbor at dinner, with his hair as black as a coal, and the flaxen ; nowhere, was standing in Mb BMrt-sleeves by the side of them both. i "Where is the fire?" Mary Smith asked | again, " "Do you know ?" j " On this floor, the left-hand corridor. Come , along, Mr. Lovett. Now then." " Where is Miss Lovett,"asked Mary Smith, i "She'B in her room with her aunt," Baid Mr. Lovett. "I told her to keep there till I came back for them, as it was all right at present, their way. Go to them, Miss Smith, . will you ?—perhaps they had better get down | with the rest now. The smoke's getting i tMcker, and—<—ah! look there !" j A shower of sparks, followed by the ugly ! crackling sound of splintering wood, came from j a corridor between them, and Mary Smith , leaving the two men struggling with .the anni- : hilator fled down the passage to the apartment where she had been interviewed a few hours | previously. The doors of the rooms were open j the whole length of the corridor; the inmates had not thought of shutting them after their flitting, and candles were burning on dressing- , tables, and articles of wearing apparel scat- i tered about the rooms and the passages in wild ; disorder, many nervous folks having tried to • dress and run away at the same time. ! Here Mary Smith encountered Mr. and Mrs. ; Cargon, the gentleman in a huge and abso- . lutely pantomimic nightcap and a dressing- , gown incorrectly buttoned, and Mrs. Cargon ] with a shawl over her husband's great coat, a fancy basket, and a head as bald as an egg. They were both in great haste, but they stopped to ask incoherently if the place was burned to the ground, and then resumed their progress, Mr. Caigon coughing himself almost to pieces on the way, and Mrs. Cargon patting him on the back and begging him to be a man and not to give up, for her sake. By this time a small corps of volunteers had been formed, and the annihilator was borne in triumph down the corridor where the fire was, and people ran about with jugs and pails and footbaths full of water, and clashed against each other and stormed and raved, and the man who had worn the flaxen wig was here, there, and everywhere, ordering, marshalling, and leading the way, with Mr. Lovett not a bad second, and Mary Smith a very good third. For our heroine had returned to the scene of excitement after leading Miss Lovett, very pale but very firm, into the hall, and seeing her aunt carried in a big clothes basket into the billiard-room, a heap of senseless matter pro tern,, with her head surmounted by a forest of curl papers that must have taken a couple of hours to screw-up, and presented at this crisis a very formidable mass of inflam mable material. One or two ladies had fainted with fright a3 well as Mrs. Dalrymple, and a medical man amongst the visitors, having recovered his own presence of mind, was doing Ms best to restore it to others, and to set the absolutely prostrate on their feet again. Probably the most self possessed at last were the honeymoon couple, who, having sought shelter out of the draught in a corner of the cupboard-like counting-house, were sitting side by side—and hand in hand, as usual—placid and smiling and nightcapped, with their rosy old faces just above the parti tion, like a Punch and Judy in deshabille, about to commence business in earnest. Meanwhile the confusion on the lower flights of stairs, and in the upstairs corridors, was on the increase with the strenuous but amateur efforts made to stay the progress of the fire, and there were many lending a hand who were very much in the way, and adding to the con fusion by their noisy instructions, to which no one paid the least attention. The smoke increased and hung about the upper part of the staircase like a big black pall, and there were little dots of fire quivering amongst it that looked particularly ominous, and the crack-crack of splintered wood went on in the far distance, and kept the motley crowd below very much on the alert. Presently the workers were driven back from the corridor where the fire was and stood together baffled on the landing-place, and one man, in Ms be wilderment, poured a pailful of water over the balusters into the hall, drenching the man seated on his portmanteau, who sprang up at once ana thanked heaven the fire brigade had come at last. But the fire brigade of Scarletpool was in no hurry, as it seemed to the excited minds of those who were waiting for it—particularly to the manager of the hotel, who dashed franti cally up and down stairs as far as the first floor to see how everybody was getting on, and to proclaim aloud that ne was ruined, and should be a dead man before daylight, and was more bewildered than half a dozen of the visitors^ put together, but that was because he had six times more on hiB mind than they had. (2*o be continued.) 