REMINISCENCES OP THE COLONIAL STAGE ..(Continued).-,. "My memory isjleetiny, but still Tcan remember." Onok having seen him, who can forget dear old Lambert. Par excellence, the best representative of Sir- Peter -Teazle, "Lord Ogilby Sir Anthony Absohi,te, Mr. Aspen. Polonius, and such like high art comedy parts the Melbourne stage lias ever seen. At the present time it is .-reallv pleasant to dwell on the memories of the past. Mr. J. C. Lambert made his -first appearance in Melbourne at the Amphitheatre in. Spring Street, on.. the23r'.i of December, 1S57, as Colonel Damas in Buhver Lytton's play, 'The Lady of Lyons," achieved a last ing success, and his fame soon spread throughout Australia. On the 11 th of December 1S66 he took a benefit at the Theatre Royal, and on that (and only) occasion he essayed the part of Shylock iii T'he Merchant of Venice. He , gave a scholarly reading of the part, which was out of his line. His success was only a "success d'estime." He did not attempt the character a second time. Having made up his mind to retire from the stage, lie arranged for a . farewell benefit, which took place at the place and in accordance with the following bill : THEATRE ROYAL. Legsiej Mr. Charles Vincent. Acting Mnnagcr »lr. Hnrwoud. Final 'Retirement of Mr. J. C. Lambert. When, he will make his last ai pearance on nn.v stagefor ever. Those fr.encls who desire to houorMr. Lambert with their presence on this occasion will please take their places imme diately. ' The Gentlemen Amateurs have consented to appear on this occasion with' Mr. Lambert.. . . This Evening. Thursday, F.ebruary Mth, 1868, The Performance will commence with the 2nd Act of Brinsley Sheridan's brilliant comedy - "THE RIVALS." Sir Anthony Absolute - Mr. J." C Lambert Characters .by tho Company. , To be followed by the 1st Act of Bulwer Lytton's comedy of "MONEY." Sir John Vesey - - Mr. J. 0. Lambert (hisilast appearance in that oharactcr for ever). Alfred Evelyn - ' Mr. William Levey Sir Freuerick Blount - Mr. Marcus Clarke Stout - -' - Mr. Charles Warner Other Charnoters by the Amateurs; Trio— ' Hark! the Lark at Heaven's Gnt ' Sings"— Mr R. Ftownrt and Misses Dooy and . Maggie Stewart. To be succeeded by Scenes (iocluding Screen Scene) Irom Sheridan's Comedy, ''THE SCHOOL FOR SCANT) AT;1' Sir Peter Teazle - - Mr. J. ,C. Lambert (the last charaoter he will ever act on any Stage), Joseph Surface - Air-Charles, Vinceat Lady Teazle - - ' Miss Cleveland 1 To which will be added the Farce entitled ' "THE MODEL HUSBAND;" Supported by Mr. H, R, Harwood and Company. . Mr. J. 0. Lambert will then read the confess ion of his faults and bid his friends a final . , ... . . ndieu .. ' Dooirs open at 7. Commence at 8 preci-ely. \- ' ' : " " -PRICES'' AS -USUAL! ' The following is a copy of his address: "Ladies and Gentlemen:— I am about to quit this world of mine" for ever, to cross the footlights and live in. your world. . It is very much the custom on occasions when .people are going out of the world to make a full \- confession of all their sins, and I will acknowledge the excellence of" the custom by adopting it, so that you shall not say that I gave up the ghost without recounting the many sins of " which I have been guilty, both since . I came among you, arid many years before that time." "These as you may suppose were ' very numerous, for they have been going on. without .intermission these two and forty years. I will begin with the worst offences, and admit I have committed murder — In ,the early part of my career especially, I ac knowledge to have murdered several — parts, with which I was entrusted, but of late years I hope I have beeri less guilty in this resp'ect, and that, the shades of Shakespeare, Ben Johnson, Congreve, Otway, Massiuger, -Rowe, and Sheridan have been appeased, I . trust by my having imparted a little life to some of their creations." "I have committed bigamy so often that I cannot recount the number of instances. I have married more wives ' than - Brigham Young, so that it is not surprising if I should number my sons and" daughters by scores if not'huu- '- dreds; Some of them, I grieve.to say, I have, treated with great cruelty, turning" them out of doors to beg or starve, cutting tliem off with a shilling, forcing them into mercenary marriages, and otherwise provoking them to des perate measures." " In connection with these wicked proceedings I have used the most violent language to my offspring, but many times when in the very onslaught of my furious denunciations I have relented and only uttered half a curse. . At this moment, if I had not great strength of mind I should be over whelmed with remorse at the.conse- quenoes of my severity.", "I have to 'deplore the necessity of frequently numbering among my acquaintances, and even among my friends, some very incorrigible, scoun drel's; but I beg you will place in jusjtaposition with this fact, the cir- 'cumstance of having also been on' intimate terms with many kind hearted persons of every degree of society. Indeed, 1 may here remark, that in respect to social position, my friends and' acquaintances have been of the highest and lowest rank, with every intermediate grade, and that their dispositions have varied as infinitely as their social position." "My own predilections have been in like manner fluctuating. At one time I have been so miserly that I have denied myself the common and most absolute necessaries; at others felt myself .prompted bv generous impulses so strong that I have had no. hesitation in giving away large sums of money, vast estates, 'priceless -jew els, and even crowns and kingdoms." "I- confess, however, these gifts have been, bestowed with but. an in discriminate hand, and that undeserv ing men .have profited by my promis cuous liberality." ; "Like all other members of my' profession, I have, lived a double .life; and it is only in one of mine, the great crimes. I have enumerated and ac knowledged have been committed. My serious vices; 'I '"trust; have all' been .committed this side of the footlights." " But in the .world where in future I am going to dWisll, I'ti-ust you will credhfme with having '(lone my duty as a good citizen, and that when in .i few. 'days I step on board _the y_essel which will i bear me from this bright and beautiful country,.-! shalLcarry w.itb -me vonr good wishes and your "kindly esteem." "Permit me a parting- word. about iriiy bro'tlier-hianagers, with whom for ' the last twelve -months I have -been -intimately associated. I never thought tohave drifted intomnnagementagain, ,but there Rfqre; such pressing reasons why tiiis -fine tlieatre. should not be allowed to lose i restige, and why it ' shoiild'not fall into incompetent hands that I consented to become one of the 'co-'pkrtherBhips by- which its affairs \- -have been.lately administered.." . ",I appeal to you to. say whether 'we have riiansged the Theatre -Royal satisfactorily, arid whether we have . not fulfilled tlie promises made at the beginning of our career. Although we have not obtained a wonderful pecuniary- isuccess, I can but; think that we have given our patrons fair value for their money, ahel I am happy tc. think at thik moment that the. repu tation arid popularity of the Theatre Royal are as good as they have at any ; time been (since it was opened nearly fit teen years ago. Let me ask you to continue ,jrour! supp'ort to the mana gerial firm as it now exists— at least an equal measure of support. Its members are well known to you, and are," I am siireV greatly respected." (To be Continued). 