WWW 6W&H;'$rlt3&I; & ffi& The 'World Went Very Well Then. By the most Popular Author of the Day. CHArTEii X.-HOW JACK CAME HOME AGAIN. And now I have to tell how Jack was joyfully restored to us. It was in sorry plight, and after many disasters and sore privations, which killed his companions, but left him, to look upon, none the worse, when he came back to good food and decent clothes again. I think that no one had ever a more wonderful story to tell, and yet there was never a worse hand at telling his adventures. Lucky it was for Ulysses and for JEneas that they found poets to sing their sufferings and their wanderings, for, I daresay, the former, at least, would have made a poor hand at tolling them him self. A greater than Ulysses was here, and no one, until now, has ever told, save imperfectly, the story of his voyage. It will never be narrated as it ought to be, movingly, and to the life ; and the sailing of the Countess of Dorset among the Pacific islands, and the discoveries which she made, and the dreadful calamities which befel the ship and crew will no more be remembered than if sho had been some poor and insignificant collier, castaway, with her crew of half-a-dozen men and a boy, on the Good win Sands. It is also a strange circumstance that his life should have been saved by 1 he man who, man and boy, was his steady and constant enemy. Nay, as you will see in the sequel, his life was once more saved by the same hand — a thing which clearly shows the hand of Providence, if it were only designed in mercy as a rebuke to the man who desired and even endeavoured to compass the death of his enemy and rival. Yet I never heard tell that Aaron Fletcher repented of the hatred which he always bore to Jack. One night in the month of September,, and the year 1756 —a dark and cloudy night, the stars hidden and no moon— a light breeze Hying, but only in puffs, and hardly enough to fill the canvas, and a soft and soaking rain falling — a small vessel, rigged with foresail, spritsaU, mainsail, and topsail, was slowly making her way across the Gorman Ocean. Her name was the Willing Mind, of Sheerness ; she was manned by a crew of five, two more than aro generally taken on board a fishing craft of her dimensions. Of these men, the skipper sat in the stern, the ropes in his hand, two were lying asleep beside the skipper, covered with a tarpaulin, and two were in the bows keeping watch. Sho carried no light, but she was sailing well north of the track of outward-bound vessels, and was by this time too close to the Essex coast to fear being run down by colliera. Perhaps the watch was on the look-out for lights on. the coast, or for a King's revenue cutter, of which there aro many along the cast coast, and they greatly molest this kind of craft, overhauling them suspiciously, and searching for brandy and the like, impressing the honest fishermen on board, and sometimes even imprisoning them, haling them before a magistrate, and bringing them to trial ; and even, if they show much resistance, hanging them ; and by their very appearance alway obliging the crew to throw overboard, if tuoy havo time, the whole of their cargo. It generally consists of a strange kind of fish, in the shape of kegs, run lets, and jars, with bungs and corks in their mouths. Per haps the Willing Mind showed no light because the skipper and his crew dreaded being captured by a French privateer ; for we were again at war with France, and the Channel was crowded with these hornets, though, as a rule, they hardly ventured north of the Goodwin Sands, or off the Nore. The boat slipped through the water slowly and silently, save for a gentle ripple in the bows. There was little way on her, but she kept moving. 'I take it,' said the skipper, grumbling, 'that it is already past midnight ; we ought to have made Shoebury ness by now. In three hours it will bo daylight, and per haps the dogs upon us— and with such a cargo !' ' The broeze will freshen with the dawn, Master,' said one of the men in the bow. ' And then it may bo too late. And wo havn't had such a cargo for a twelvemonth. What is that off the starboard bow'r' ' It looks like a buoy. But it can't be abuoy !' It was a black object, indistinct as yet ; but they were nearing it. Presently, a hoarse cry of 'Sail ahoy!' came across the water, it was repeated twice. 'If is a boat, with four men in her,' said the watch, making her out. 'A little dingy she is. Now, what the plague is she doing out here i'' ' Sail ahoy ! ' came across the water again. And now (bey could distinguish thu figures of three or four men standing up in the boat. The skipper cursed and swore, and put up his helm. 'Sail ahoy! for Jesus sake! We are sinking!' cried (he men. The skipper cursed and swore again, louder and deeper ; but he altered his course, and bore down upon the boat. There were five men in her; but one of them lay in the stern with his head upon his arms, motionless. The boat had neither oars, mast, nor sails ; she was half full of water, ? and the men were baling her with their hats. ' For God's sake, take us aboard !' they cried. ' It is as much as we can do to keep afloat, and wo aro starving.' ' Who are you 5'' asked the skipper. ' We have broke from a French prison,' they told him ; 'and four days out, and nothing to eat.' Still the skipper hesitated. ' Cap'en,' said one of the men, ' we can guess, pretty easy, who you are, and what is your business. That is nothing to us. Take us on board. You shan't regret it. Only take us on board and give us something to eat, and set us ashore on English soil ; and if you were laden with all the brandy there is in the world, you should never be sorry for coming to our help.' The skipper cursed them again for interrupting hie run. But it would have been the most shocking' inhumanity to refuse ; therefore, with a bad grace, and sulkily, he ordered them to get on board as quickly as they could. This they did; but they had to help the man in the stern, because he had got an open wound in his head and had lost much blood, besides being nearly starved. So they lifted hini in and laid him on a tarpaulin, and cast off their crazy little boat, and the smack went on her course again. Then the skipper, who was not wanting in generosity, though he cursed them for stopping him, pulled out of the locker such provisions as might be expected in such a craft —consisting only of bread, mouldv Dutch cheese, and some onions. But, Lord ! if thoso had been tho greatest dainties ever set before an alderman, tho men could not have devoured the food more greedily, even the wounded man lifting his head and eating ravenously. When there was nothing at all left to be eaten, the skipper passed round a bottle of brandy and a pannikin, which were received with heartfelt gratitude too deep for power of speech. For cold- and 6tarvingmon bread and cheese and onions make a banquet ; but brandy in addition — oh ! 'twas too much ! When they had eaten up everything, therefore, and drunk as much brandy as their rescuer would give them, they began, as sailors will, through a spokesman, to rebate their story. Everybody knows that at the outbreak of the war the French fleet put so many privateers to sea, and we had so few, that there was nothing hut tho capture of English merchantmen going up and down the Channel, and the trench prisons were soon choked with poor devils laid up c i ^k, and waiting for a general exchange, or for the close of the war, to bo released. Three of the men had been taken by a privateer out of a West Indiaman, and con veyed with others up the country to a place called St. Omer, which is a fortified town some 20 miles from Dun querque, and about tho same distance from Calais, and were then clapped into prison in tho citadel, or the barracks, ™™ L town gaol, I know not which. Wherever it was, Jhey found there, among the other prisoners, the man who lay wounded on the tarpaulin, not able to sit up, and say ing nothing. And he it was, they said, who had devised me plan of their escape. There were a dozen more who were m the plot, and should have made the attempt, but at ine last moment they lost heart, as always happens in an ^venture so desperate, and remained behind. As things tamed out, it was lucky that there were no more of them, oecause there was certainly no room for any more in their n-ietty little boat. J J 1 do not rightly understand how the escape was effected, «^^?Tm, v wty'ect of fortifications 1 am . ignorant, 1 awugu Jack hath often endeavoured to explain to me ttie nature of scarp, counterscarp, bastion, and so forth. How ever, they surmounted all these difficulties, and in the dead of night they found themselves on the right side of the ramparts — that is, on the outside— and with open country all round them. Then, steering by the stars, they made due north. Before they got halfway on their journey they were surprised by dawn, and forced to seek a hiding-place, which they found in a wood or coppice beside a river, where the shelter was good, though tho lying was wet and swampy. Here they stayed all day, with nothing to eat except a few berries, then happily ripe. At nightfall they started again, and, as they judged, soon after midnight found themselves on a coast somewhere between Calais and Dunquerqe, near a place called Gravelines. But there was no boat on this open and deserted coast, and they wandered up and down for a long time socking for one, and fearing lest they might again have to seek a night's shelter. When, at last they found one, it was hauled up high and dry on the sand. * This would have mattered little ; but, unluckily, her owner, or a man who behaved like her owner, was sleeping on the sand beside her. There was no choice, but they must needs have her, and while they dragged her down to the sea, the Frenchman woke up, and perceiving that he was being robbed of bis boat, he lugged out a knite and made at them, and, before he could bo fairly knocked on the head, gave their leader a desperate cut across the face, from which he lost a great deal of blood, and was much weakened. They got him safely into the boat, however, though he was fainting from the wound, and so put to sea, and hoped to be able to row across the Channel, if they should have the good luck to 'scape the privateers, and make the port of Dover, in eight or 10 hours ; or, perhaps, they might be picked up by some English ship, if they were lucky. They had neither mast nor sail in the boat, and there were no provisions in it of any kind. Also, as they quickly discovered, she very soon sprung a leak, and had to be baled out continually. They rowed on, however, taking turns for three or four hours. Then a most unfor tunate thing happened. For, while two of them were row ing lustily, in their eagerness to lose no time, and to got across and land on English soil again, and the oars being not only small but old and rotten, they both snapped short off, close to the rowlock, at the same time. This accident dashed all their hopes, for though they tore up two of the boat's planks, thinking to row with them, it was slow work ; then they tried to make a sail with a shirt and ono of these planks, there being a light breeze from the sou' -west, and they got as they supposed into the current. They were carried, certainly, as they discovered at daybreak, out of sight of the French coast, but also, which was another misfortune, outside the track of ships, and so, though they saw many sail in the distance, they passed none near enough to be picked up, and in this miserable condition tossed and drifted for four days and four nights, and were now well-nigh spent, and the leak in the boat growing every moment worse, so that she threatened to fill with water and to sink under them unless they baled continually. ' It's easy guessing,' they repeated, after they had told their story, ' what you've got on board ; that's no concern of ours. Only you put us ashore. Without making bold to inquire further, tell us where we are, and how far from shore,' ' As to where we are,' said tho skipper, 'the night is dark, and I don't rightly know. But, to the best of my guessiner,' we are not far from jShoeburyness, which should lay right ahead ; but the shore is low, and difficult to make out.' ' Mate,' said the spokesman, ' land us as far from any port as you can. I guess the press is hot up the river.' The skipper said that there was a very hot press ; that, as to himself, he was going to hind at Shoeburyness, whoro he could put them ashore, and they could then shift for thomselves, and make their way inland, if so be they had friends anywhere. ' As for this poor fellow,' said the man, pointing to the one who was lying down, ' he says he's an officer, though he doesn't look like one in those rags of his. So he's got nothing to fear from a press. Don't put him ashore, skipper. Take him to some plsce where he will get his wound dressed. If what he says is true, ho will be able to pay you for the service.' 'I will take him,' said tbo skipper, 'to Gravesend. That is all I can do for him. After that he mu6t shift for himself.' Shortly after this, and before daybreak, they made tho land between the village of Southend and Shoeburyness. Here they landed tho four men, who, with many vows of gratitude, expressed in sailor-like fashion — namely, with appeals to the Divine Power to blast them and sink them if they ever forgot this service — quickly vanished inland. It matters nothing what became of these poor fellows ; but intelligence came from Maldon, shortly afterwards, that a gang of four men, dressed like sailors, had boon apprehended stealing a sheep. They made a desperate fight, and one ef ihe posse comitcUus was dangerously wounded. In the end, they were overpowered, and taken to Chelmsford Jail, where in due course, they were all hanged. If these were the men landed from the Willing Mind, the poor wretches had better have remained in their prison at St. Omer, where at least they were living a hie of innocency, although half starved with their meagre soup and sour bread. But, per haps, tho men who were hanged were another gang. Now, as regards the cargo of the Willing Mind — I mean that load of fish, all with corks and bungs in their mouths — it would bo a shame for mo to disclose where it was landed, and by whom it was received, though one may know very well. I am not a spy and an informer ; the revenue officers may find out for themselves the secrets of the trade which they have to stop, if they can. I say not whether it is such a trade as a person of tender conscience may undertake ; but, at least, this much may be said for it — that those who practise it know before-hand the risks they run, and the punishment which awaits them if they are captured. Enough to say that the landing was successful, and that about noon that day the Willing Mind, now in ballast, was running up the Thames with full sail, wind and tide favourable, bound for Gravesend ; and the wounded man was so far recovered that he was now sitting up and look ing about him. He was a wild creature to look at, being, to begin with, horribly thin, as if he had had no food for months ; he had suffered his beard to grow, and it now covered his whole face, 60 that he looked lite a Turk, with his hair long and uncombed; his head was bound up with a dirty and bloody clout, which hid one eye ; there was blood upon his cheek. Presently, while he looked about him with lack- lustre gaze, the pain of his wound being great, his eye fell upon the skipper, and he started and became suddenly alive and alert. ' Aaron Fletcher, by the Lord ! ' he cried. ' That is my name,' replied tho skipper. ' I am not ashamed of it. But I don't Know you, mate.' . 'You have forgotten me, Aaron. If you had known me, you would have been all the more anxious to save my life. Of (hat I am well assured. We should have foundered in five minutes. As for me, I cared nothing whether we sank or swam. All is one to a starving man. Give me another tot of brandy, Aaron. Don't you recog nise mo now?' 'Man ! I never clapped eyes on you before to my know ledge. But, since you know my name, and therefore, likely, where I live, so that you might do mischief, let me tell you ' — here he insisted or emphasised the asBurance by a dozen or two of round oaths, such as he and his kind have always ready to hand for all purposes—' that if you are going to turn informer, after all you have seen, it would be better for you if we bad thrown you overboard at once with a shot to your heels. One or other of us, my hid, will have your blood.' The other men of the crew murmured approval of this sentiment with additions of their own invention, about cutting the weasand, breaking bones and limbs, gouging out eyes, and so forth. 'The same old Aaron,' said the man. 'Why, you have not changed, save that you are stouter and bigger. The same sweet and unsuspicious temper. I wonder if there is another such treat in store for us both as we had when last we met ? ' 'Who the devil are you?' asked Aaron, staring, partly because the man knew him, and because so ragged a fellow should talk with such boldness. But as yet quite unsuspecting. ' That, my friend, if you cannnot guess, I shall not tell you. As for your kegs, fear not. 1 care nothing where they were bestowed nor to whom they were consigned, nor where they came from. So far ae I am concerned, you are sate. Besides, you have saved my life. This cut in the head, d'ye sec, cost me so much blood that I do not think I could have endured another night of starvation. Why, man, I have had to live tor weeks with nothing but a taste now and again, when the chance came, of putrid seal or rotten fish I I'm downright tired of starving.' 'Who are you, then?' Aaron looked at him hard, but could make nothing of him. Yet it was strange that he did not begin to suspect. This, I take it, was because, like everybody else, he had quite made up his mind that Jock was long since dead, and bo he was gone dean out of his mind. This is so when a man is dead. His face goes out of our mind because we never think to meet him again. 'Well,' he said at length, ' it don't signify a button who you are. You've got nothing against me, even should you lay information. But you're down on your luck, who ever you be. And you've the cut of a sailor about you. Wherefore, mate, take my advice and keep well insfiore, for the press is hot all the way from Margate to Chelsea, and, wounded or not, they'll have you if they can, and three dozen or more for skulking, if you aro not fit forduty in four-and-twenty hours.' ' Thank you, Aaron,' the man replied, and so lay down again and went to sleep. But Aaron kept looking; at him, uneasy, yet not able to remember him. So they made their way to Gravesend, and arrived off that port in the afternoon. ' I thank you, Aaron,' said tho passenger, waking up, and getting to his feet. ' The food and the brandy and the sleep have set me up again. I believe I shall be able to walk tho rest of the journey. Ono more favour, Aaron. After saving my life it is a small thing for you to do. I am without a single penny. Lend me a shilling, which I will bring myself to the boat-house, and repay you when you come home. You don't know me, Aaron! Why, man, how goes the boat-building?' Aaron produced the money, still staring with all his eyes, as the children say. 'A shilling, Aaron, is not much. If it was six years ago, I should say we would fight for it.' So ho dashed back the hair that hung about his face, and looked Aaron full in tho face, with a laugh. 'Good Lord!' cried Aaron. 'It's Jack Easter brook ! ' 'Mr. Easterbrook, ye dog, I am in rags, but I am a King's officer still, and you arc nothing but a common smuggler.' 'It's Mr. Jack Eastorbrook,' Aaron repeated. *'He's come back again ! ' 'As for this shilling, Aaron, shall we fight for it now ? ' ' But — Oh, Lord ! How in tho world did you got in 6uch rags as this ? And where's the Countess of Dorset? ' 'As for the rags, where I got them was in the IbIo of Chiloe, off tho Patagonian coast, and if I had not got them I should have come home as naked as Adam in his inno cency. And as for the Countess of Dorset, her timbers are whefo I got my rags, on tho coast of South America, and her crew aro mostly beside her timbers, such part of thorn, that is, as the crabs have not been able to devour.' 'Oh, Lord ! ' Aaron gazed as if at a ghost, and could say no more. 'Do they think mo dead, Aaron ? ' ' All of them ; except, I am told, Mr. Brinjes.' 'Oh! and the Admiral?' 'It isn't for the likes of me to know what his lionou thinks, sir,' said Aaron. ' But he's been going heavy for a good time past, and they do say as he frets more than a hit about your drowning.' Jack was silent for a bit. 4 ? And Bess Westmoreland ? ' he asked . 'What has she got to think about you for ? You aro a gentleman, though in rags at this present moment. As for Bess, she is but the daughter of a Penman. She belongs to the likes of us, not to gentleman officers.' ' She must be grown a big girl now. Well, Aaron, and Mr. Brinjes?' ' He's a devil. He's worse than ever. He gave Lance Pegg, of Anchor-alley, the rheumatics last week, and threatens her with worse forrope's-endin' that girl of hers. He's a devil ! and never a day older since your honour went away.' ' So, Aaron, you have saved my life, though you did not intend it. Yet I take it kindly. I do not think you -would have suffered your old townsman and your old crony, -whom you used to fight whenever you met him, to drown, if you had known who was in the boat.' ' t would not, Sir,' said Aaron, stoutly. ' Yet, to tell the truth, I'd as lief you were at tho bottom of the sea, in Davy's locker, where we all thought you were, and -where you ought to be, by rights, your ship and the crew all being there except you.' 'Give mo thy hand, Aaron.' So they shook hands. ' As for the shilling, sir,' said Aaron ; ' let mo niako it a guinea, and if your honour will let me pay for a decent suit of clothes, or shoes, at least ? ' ' Nay, Aaron. As you found me, so shall they find me. The shilling will be enough to pay for all I want ; and I have gone so long barefooted that my feet are hard as leather, and feel not the road. As for the shilling, we will, perhaps, fight for it. But not yet. You would not, I am sure, being an honourable man, wish me to fight until I have recovered my strength. Farewell, Aaron.' So he stopped ashore, and with such lightness of step as reminded Aaron of tho old days when Jack stepped down the street in his midshipman's uniform, free and careless. He was light of step because of the joy of returning liome, yet he was still somewhat dizzy and weak. However, he had a shilling to pay for supper, and he had but 20 miles to walk, or thereabouts. A short distance for those who are strong and well, but a long journey to be done on foot by a man with an open wound on his forehead, and half starved to boot, so that it is not surprising that he did not reach Deptford till noon next day. The next day was Sunday. At half -past 12 the Vicar of St. Paul's finished a most learned discourse upon certain philosophical systems of the Phoenicians, the Chaldeans, the Greeks, and the Egyptians, deducing Christian truths, by tho method known as analogy, from each. Castilla, 1 remember, sat with folded hands, and eyes fixed upon the preacher, as if she under stood every word. And the Admiral slept. The poorer part of the congregation behaved after their kind; jthat is to say, the men slept, the women sat perfectly still, and the boys fidgetted. When one became too noisy, he was taken out by the beadle and caned in the churchyard among the tombs, the other boys all listening and counting the strokes, as if the number administered was in itself a fine moral lesson (the same thing may be observed both in the army and the navy). When 1 read that tho Papists attach a par ticular merit to mere attendance or presence during the per formance of their mass, I cannot but think that the same indulgence might be extended to our poor ignorant rustics and servants for their patient attendance at the sermons of which they understand nothing. When morning service was ended, the vicar came down from tho pulpit and walked into the vestry, preceded by the beadle, carrying his stick of office, ana followed by the clerk. Then the people all stood up in respect to the quality, who led the way out of the church. First there walked down the aisle the Admiral, his wig that morning combed, curled, and powdered, and with hi^i his lady in hoop and satin, and his daughter Castilla in hoop and sarsnet, very beautiful to behold. After them came Mr. Pert, the shipbuilder, with his wife and family; Mr. Underhill, the retired purser, who was a bachelor; Mr. Mostyn, the cocket-writer of the Customs ; Mr. Shelvocke with his family, and others who lived in the genteel houses beside the bridge ; and with them I walked down the aisle, though only a painter, and an apprentice at that. When we had passed down the aisle, and conversed for a few minutes standing on the great stone terrace which makes St. Paul's Church so stately, we separated, some taking the pthway through the churchyard to the right into Church lane, and others to the left 'into Bridge-street. I walked beside Castilla, who carried her Book of Common Prayer and was silent, doubtless meditating on the spiritual truths of the vicar's sermon. Behind us came three out of the admiral's four negroes, and Philadelphy, splendid in. her red silk handkerchief and a blue speckled frock. And after us came the common sort flocking out together, tho boys, for their part, glad that the sermon was finished, and all of them longing for the Sunday'6 beef and pudding. The joor do certainly exercise the virtue of patience more than the rich, especially at a sermon, of which, when a learned divine, like my father, preaches it, they can understand not - ' rfl one word. So that one may forgive them for the unre- ' *1 strained joy which, on every Sunday, the faces in the side 'i aisles manifest at the conclusion of the discourse, not only j of the boys and girls, but of the grown-up people as well. , 1 Among those who followed after the better sort were Mr. . -| Westmoreland, the Penman, and his daughter — he bent and - ^1 feeble, round- shouldered, and meek, leaning on his stick ; $ -,| and by his side Bess, tall and upright as a lance, dressed ' J somewhat finer than those of her condition are wont to go, 1 and holding her head in the air as if she was a queen. ;J Strange that her father should be so meek and humble, and ' I that no learning of the catechism could teach Bess meekness - 1 or humility. There is, I now understand, a certain quality * I in beauty which prevents its owner from lowliness, how- 1 ever humble be her station. The young fellows looked after 1 Bess as she came forth from the church ; but she regarded ¥ 1 them with proud eyes, and passed on disdainful, as if fiho | was too high and 'good for any of them. Therefore they 1 followed after the other girls, who were as willing as Bess wl was proud, and perhaps, in these honest fellows' eyes, not 1 much less beautiful. *1 Just opposite the churchyard gate, close to the principal I entrance of Trinity Hospital, we observed, as we passed j into Church-lane and turned to the right, a fellow leaning j against the posts. He was tall and big-limbed, but thin | and wasted, as if he had been suffering from some disease or ' »1 dreadful privations. One could very well seo that he was a I sailor, though in his dress, such as it was, there was little to is show it. He wore a common sailor's petticoat or slops, he v| had a ragged waistcoat, buttoned up to the neck, because he '1 had neither shirt nor cravat ; he was bareheaded and bare- 1 footed ; his hair was long and matted ; round his forehead 1 was tied a dirty clout or handkerchief, red with streaks of j blood, so that he seemed to have but one eye. 1 As we came out of the churchyard, I caught sight of 'I him, and thought, naturally, how he would look if he were 1 drawn just so, in those rags, and put into a picture, making *1 one of group. And 1 saw, but suspected nothing— how i j could we be all so foolish and blind as not to see, with half ,'§ an eye, who it was ? — how he started when we came forth j from the churchyard, and made as if he would move j towards us, perhaps to beg, but checked himself, and waited H where he was. , I But the Admiral stopped, and surveyed him leisurely I t I from head to foot. Then he lugged out his purso, and I 1 found a shilling, which he bestowed upon the man. ? | 'My lad,' he said, 'thou art a sailor, and thou hast -j fallen among thieves, belike. I will not ask where thy : 4 wound was gotten, nor in what company ; nor how thou art x. 1 in such ragged plight. Take this money. Go into dock 1 and refit. When this is spent, come to me for another. 4 And when all is well again, volunteer and serve the King, » and so keep out of mischief.' 'j He shook his gold stick with admonition, and stumped j, i away. But the man took the coin and held it in his hand, ( ; without saying a word of thanks. I, still watching him in ' ' myjfoolish way, because so picturesque a rogue had I never j seen, most of our ragged vagabonds spoiling their beauty, j so to speak, by going in an old wig, torn in half, burned, * j uncombed, and dirty, that hath, perhaps, been used by * j a shoeblack to rub the shoes in his trade. There is no '1 picturesqueness possible in an old wig. Yet, I was not so j stupid but I saw in the man's eye a look which was both j wistful and sorrowful, though I did not then interpret it in j that manner. j So the Admiral went on, followed by his good lady, who j held her skirts in her hand, and stared at the man in her ] turn, as ladies sometimes look at such poor wretches — \ namely, as if they were of a different clay, and had another , A kind of Adam for their father. But one must not expect a 'J gentlewoman, such as the Admiral's lady (she was by birth ;J distantly connected with the Bight Honourable the Earl of \\) Bute, and a Scots-woman) to understand how, beneath the ! most rugged exterior, there may be found admirable quali- ? ties of courage and fidelity. So she gazed upon him, turned her head, and went her way after the Admiral. After her canie Castilla. 'Poor man!' she said, in her sweet way, ' I would I hod some money to give thee ; but I have aohe. Truly, thou art to be pitied. I wish thee better fortune and s i a ship.' * 2 i She had been taught by her father, and fully believed it, ? sS! that the only place where these rough tarpaulins were ™ ; happy and out of mischief was on board ship. Seeing that they are so often drunk and fighting, and in trouble on | : shore, perhaps she was right. But then ashore there is no | bo's'n, and there is no cat-o'-nine-tails, save for pick- . j pockets. So she looked at him compassionately, and he 11 moved his lips as if he would have spoken, but did not. j And so she passed on her way. „ ] Then came I myself. I said nothing, but he looked at '»! me with a kind of sorrowful wonder. I remembered, , 1 afterwards, what that eye of his said as plain as it could I i speak ; but at the moment I was deaf to its voice, and blind I and stupid, thinking only of a bundle of rags on a tall ' figure, and how the man and the rags would look in a j, picture. After ourselves came the negroes and Philadelphy. jL i The men rolled their eyes at the poor fellow with the ? contempt that a fat and well-fed negro always feeis, forget- T ? fulof his skin, for a starving white man, and if their master had been out of hearing they would have laughed !f t aloud and oven rolled on tho ground in the enjoyment of | / his suffering. Nothing makes a negro Laugh more joyfully { * than to see somebody hurt. That is, perhaps, why some of ft their kings celebrate their most joyful festivals with horrid ♦ i 4 murders and rivers of blood. Philadelphy followed her ,, j I young mistress, and had no eyes for anyone else, being, |S!* though a witch and a sorceress, and an Obeah woman, \ -1 faithful to Miss Castilla. | When we had passed, the Vicar came out of the vestry f and so into Church-lane. i - ' Why, my friend,' he said, stopping to contemplate the r f scarecrow, ' where hast thou gotten these rags and this j It ' wound?' J ?' ' I havo escaped, sir, from a French prison, and have f f received a hurt on tho forehead.' ,| ^ Something in his manner touched the Vicar. A 1^ ' Are you a common sailor ?' he asked. * ; 'Do 1 look like aught else, sir? Heard one ever of an officer in such rags as mine ?' | , ' Yet you speak like an educated man. And your voice j j seems familiar to me. Follow me to the vicarage, my poor man, where you Eholl have a plate of victuals and a tankard ' i of ale, and we will see what can be done to replace some of these rags, which are not proper for a Christian man and j I' an honest man to wear.' | *- ' How doth your Reverence know that 1 am an honest man?' 'Nay, that I know not, and there are many rogues » ', ! abroad. But it is not for me— God forbid !— to attempt to R V I separate tho sheep from the goats. Therefore, sheep ? r or goat, follow me and be welcome, in the name of our r- Saviour.' gi \ ' The Vicar left him, and he turned and would have Ji' ' followed, but for one thing. f| ' We who were a few yards in advance, unthinking and unsuspecting, heard a cry which stopped the very beating ? of our hearts. ' k» 4 The cry was from Bess Westmoreland. I She, too, saw the ragged sailor when she passed through j the churchyard gate. But she did not, like the rest of us, pass on, and think no more. She suddenly broke from her father, pushed the crowd away to right and left, and fell on ' ? her knees upon the muddy ground, catching the man by both hands, like a mad thing, and crying, ' 'Oh, Jack! Jack! Jack! He is home again ! Jack \ , Easterbrook has come home again !' U , Then, as we crowded round, wo saw the tears run down Mi his face. It was the first time, and the hist, that ever any li,' man saw Jack weep; yet he had plenty to cry for, both f * before this and after. He caught the girl by both hands, and bent over her, saying, as we all heard, ' i , 'Oh, Bess, Bess, none of them remembered me— not f|P even Luke; none of them thought of me! But you re- |i menibered me, Bess! Oh! Bess, you remembered me!' si 