NOTES BY THE WAY. Dear Mac,— Here lam to my promise : Another letter, old man, von know that I ain as square a man as any round here. 1 was telling you hovr that ' Lamp Agent ' was bothering me to buy a lamp that goes by clock work : you keep it wound up : «? tick, tick,' for ever : but there was uo lick with the agent — ' cash ' is his motto. I must tell you I am enjoying my holiday ; the people are grand, and, Mac. tlie girls ! I speak ol them with reverence, they are simply angels. If you can come down for a week's sjMiil. and let the business rest for a while, you would be delighted ; for you warm, red-haired, genial Scotchman* can appreciate the darlings. But alas ! the Sydney fashions have reached here, piling the hair on the top of the head, making a girl ot 17 look like one of 22, and giving them the apjiearancc of a Chinaman with his tail to pull them up into heaven. But the crinoline that beats all ; these arc a nuisance ; you take your seat at church : up you jump to the amazement of the minister and the peopl : ; the sharp edge of a steel hoop would make a warrior jump— even Sutteny Parker would soothe with gentle touch the boio place. Pid 1 ever tell you about that crinoline affair in Hill Knd .' You know coubiu Tom : he always wears a black bcll-top|-er: he was at a lecture at the School of Arts (that old coon, Newman, was lecturing on his eternal topic Life Assurance) :— the place was full, and Tom had a seat on the end of the form ; he had placed his hat just outside the end uf the scat, so that he would not kick it backwards with his heels; pretty laic a pondrous lady with enormous crinoline came sailing in, in a majestic manner, up the room. In {tossing by Tom's hat the hoops caught the tile : Tom did not see the affair, but before the lady had gone five yards she felt something knocking about her logs : she gave a screech, and at the same time a chap who had seen the whole of the fun, imitated the bark of a dog ; the victim was trying to kick the brute from under her drapery, and in her frantic efforts she put her foot on the hat ; she gave a jump that sur prised even herself, and as a matter of course fainted away. Just th- u, Tom. who was enjoying the fun, missed his hat ; up he jumped just in time to see his guinea tile with the crown squeezed out, and collapsed at the sides. Tom was in a Kcoit : he planted the abortion on his head, and the laughter of the people, and cries of ?' shocking bad hat,' and 'Does your mother know you're out.'' and out he went. Men should have presence of mind under difficulties. Tom had not. for he was on the verge of profanity. You recollect how differently 1 acted under very trying circumstances. When we were coming out of that crowded church, in passing down the aisle, I trod on a hoop ; there was a snap, a fail of drapery, a bit of commotion, and a thunder cloud on the lady's face : calmness on my own, as 1 jxiracd trently on, and the lady retired gracefully into a pew to adjust the abomination. J have plenty of yams about crinolines ; but i/uantum twfficit. Well, yesterday morning, 1 went out with my host to iish for mutton u'sh. 1 had never heard of this lish before : 1 am quite sure you have not. I was too proud to ask. and, like a fool, I was looking about for iish jumping up with sheep's heads on them — a fish with a woolly back and trotters. I said to mine host, '' I don't see any thing like mutton abcut herd ' ; he realized the fact at once, and said, ?? Well, you are a mutton-head : did you expect to see sheep swimming about ? ' But, Mac, I am always willing to learn, like Captain Peter, who took a saddle and bridle with him to Nova Zerabhu to ride any sea horses he might catch. At any rate, we took plenty of mutton lish : they are caught down in the shallows under sea weed, and they are delicious, and if prepared in proper style, will tempt the most fastidious. The lirst breakfast you ordei when you come down, let it be mutton Jish. But, oh. Mac, it is a mercy 1 am here to wiite this letter, for 1 was near getting a charge of buck-shot into my body last night. There is a paddock at the back of the hotel, and an old Tipperary man was watching some choice rams that were travelling ; they had about 201 bs. wool on their backs; it whs clear moonlight. Just as we were retiring for the night, one fellow said, 'let us dress as ghosts, and have a lark with the shepherd.' I agreed. fc?o we went to our rooms, put on our night-shirts, and sheets over our heads. Down to the paddock we went We marched down very solemnly, and made unearthly ^noises, groaning and asking for vengeance on one of us that had been murdered. But Joe was not asleep. He 8|-oko : 'Be jabbers, I was niver afraid of a ghost any way, and Hire I'll try yez if you be sperrits or Jlesh any way,' Producing a double- barrel gun. and cocking it the same time. ' Now look out, ghosts or no ghosts, here goes !' Away we scampered , some let the sheets go, and scudded off like Hying Higblandmen ; crack went the gun, and, oh. what a narrow escape 1 Buck-shot cut the nether end of my night-shirt. I have to say, not one of us stayed for breakfast, wo all took an early ride int- flic country : but 1 expect we shall hear more about it anon. Good-bye. Mac, more in my next. Yours, as ever, llODElllCK. Rain wanted very badly almost all over the colony. The Orange distiict is dryer at the present time than it lias been known for something like 40 years. Wells are being deepened in all parts. Jitftuutst is about as badly off as she ever was also. Report says that the pumps at the new Water Works were ?--t in motion the other day and emptied the well in half an hour. We fear that unless ram comes our water pipes will never he tilled. The query now is, where are we to get the water f vom '! Wo arc pleased to notice by advertisement in the Jhtthttn-1 HimrXfOt Hie JOth inst., that .Messrs J3rale and Co., of Howick-struut, have decided to close their estab lishment on every Wednesday from 1 o'clock p.m. This is a step in the right direction, and we wish ;that other ustabiibliiiuuts in town would see their way to do like wise, nhd allow their employees to have sonic little time for I'c'eivntion. Wo all believe in the old quotation, 'All work aud uo play, &c;, &c;, 