VICTORIAN MEMS. Sir W. J. Clarke has given £1000 towards the Jubilee Institute in London. The City of Melbourne Bank has declared a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum. The Assembly laBt week passed a supply of .£1,216,000 for the service of the country for three months. The gates and booths in connection with the V.R.C. meeting were sold for £2547, or £118 less than last year. John Geggie, Customs agent in Melbourne, has been arrested, charged with defrauding the Customs Department. Three Collingwood drapers have been fined under the Shops and Factories Act for employing shop assistants longer than eight hours a day. A little black boy is said to have been kidnapped by a Melbourne jockey from a Queensland tribe without the consent of his father, the chief. At the Criminal Sittings in Melbourne on Saturday, Harriet H. Scott (formerly Hill) wan sentenced to nine months' imprisonment for bigamy. The Victorian Sawmills Association are going to bring parliamentary pressure on the Government to make them increase the duties on Oregon timber. Joe Bosisto, the Victorian Executive Commissioner at the Coloneriee, has objected to meetings in connection with the Imperial Institute being held ou Sundays. At the Melbourne Central Criminal Court on Saturday, Christopher Mummery, a storekeeper, was sentenced to three years' hard labor for fraudulent insolvency. For £500 a year Victoria has arranged with Reuter lor the transmission of cables to the agent-general at press rates, and for iheir publication in the principal English papers. The Melbourne Chamber of Commerce consider that the pilot service of Victoria is inefficient, and should be placed on a different footing, and under altogether different management. A man named Carewickbain, 82 years old, died in the Dunolly hospital on Monday. He arrived in the colony in 1837, having come over from Tasmania with J. P. Fawkner in the Pickwick. On Saturday afternoon two boys were amusing themselves on a barge near a sawmill at Gunbower, when oue of tbem, named Maurice Kirkwood, aged 13, was knocked overboard and drowned. A conieience is to take place in Melbourne shortly between the Postmasters-General ot Victoria, New South Wales, and South Australia, with reference tj the establishment of a federal ocean mail service. A Chinaman working near DimboolB, Victoria, adopted a rather strange method of suicide a few days since. Having laid a meat chopper on the ground, he forced his throat on to it, severing his head nearly off. A proposal to establish a military college similar to the college at Kingston, in Canada, is being considered by the Government. A report has been forwarded to the Minister of Education by the Minister of Defence. Senior-constable Deacon had his leg severely lacerated by a kick from a horse at Gordon, on Friday. Dr. Dobbin finding that there was danger of erysipelas, cut a piece of flesh from his own arm and laid it over the wound. The result was very beneficial. Mr. Purves, Q.C., gave a private complimentary dinner to Mr. J. H. Want, Attorney- General of New South Wales, at the Athenajum Club, Melbourne, last week. A number of members of the bar and other special guests were present. Professor Kernot and Mr. K. L. Murray have been appointed delegates from the Victorian Engineering Association to the conference in Sydney on November 10, concerning the formation of an Australiau Association for the advancement of science. The new Anglican Bishop of Melbourne is getting as fond of politics as the others are. During a banquet given to him in London, on the eve of his departure, he advocated Imperial federation, and observed that England might want help from the colonies. Professor M'Coy has been created a Companion ot St. Michael and St. George. No man in the colonies better deserves the distinction. Ae curator of the Victorian National Museum he has done yeoman service for scientific investigation in Australia. Mr. Greenland, proprietor of the boat-sheds, Prince's Bridge, Melbourne, has initiated an action against D. Muuro, the contractor for the new Prince's Bridge, to recover £2000 damages for injury done to bis property by a recent landslip, caused by the works in progress. The Governor has received a telegram from the Admiralty consenting to the extension of Captain Thomas's service for three years under the new regulations, which it is understood will secure to him the right of seniority for promotion in the Imperial service as if he had served his time there. Inspector Macpberson, of the Scottish police, arrived by the R.M.S. Tasmania to obtain the remand to Scotland of John Robertsou Birr, or Carr, a notary of Glasgow, who came out by the ship Harbinger, and was arrested on arrival on a charge of conspiracy to defraud. He has since been charged with forgery. A man oamed O'Brien, while lying in an outhonse in Barker's Creek, Casllemaine, threw a lighted match accidentally into a bottle of oil. The bottle was overturned, and the oil ignited. O'Brien being ill, could not escape from the burning shed until assistance was rendered. The unfortunate man was severely injured. A letter has been written by a mother, residing near Geelong, to the police in Melbourne. The poor woman states that her daughter, who is only 13 years of age, left Geelong to visit a friend in Melbourne some days ago, but never arrived at her destination, and she (the mother) fears that the girl is leading au immoral life. The Chief Inspector of Rabbit Suppression has completed a tour of the Wimmera, Kowree, Lowan, aud Dimboola shires. He found that large tracts of country, especially Kowree and Dimbools, were not likely to be taken up, as they are infested with rabbits, although generally the pest has been greatly diminished during the last 12 months on land selected and Crown lands where destructive means had been fairly employed. A gas explosion took place in Talbot's Hotel, Montague-street, South Melbourne. A smell of gas was noticed to proceed from a room, and a boarder looked in. He saw the gasalier hanging close up, and concluded that the escape must be slight. He stood upon the table and struck a match. An explosion instantly followed, which shattered the window, threw the furniture about, and knocked the lodger down. He was burned severely. Melbourne this week has been full to repletion. Not a bed to be jjot at any hotel or lodging-house, and people alent on board the steamers and on the Post Office steps. One bloated capitalist (an Albury man) ventured to hint that the one towel was somewhat dirty, wben he got ior an answer : " Just like you beastly foreigners ; your the fiftieth man who has used that towel to-day, and the first that has made any complaint." The Premier has received a telegram from the agent-general conveying the desire ot the Prince of Wales that the exhibits of the Government departments, and as many as possible of the private exhibits, sent to the Colonial and Indian Exhibition should be allowed to remain in London, as a nucleus for the Im- perial Institute. The Government will consult the private exhibitors before coming to any decision in the matter. A horrible discovery was made last week by a young man named Walsh. In a paddock about half-way between Ballarat and Smythesdale, he discovered the dead body of a man being consumed by dogs. The features were torn away and perfectly unrecognisable, and the head was almost severed from the body by the animals. It is supposed that the unfortunate man, whose name is not known, died from exposure before being worried by the dogs. The action brought by Mr. M'Farland, hotelkeeper at Carlton, against Dr. RoBe, M.L.A., claiming £3000 damages for malpractice and negligence in attending him for a dislocated hip, was concluded on Friday.' The defence was that Rose had used the best professional skill and care, and that the permanent injury which the plaintiff was now suffering from was the result of bis own violent and intemperate habits. The jurv gave a verdict for plaintiff of £500. Not the faintest approach to gambling is allowed on the Flemington racecourse. With praiseworthy promptitude the detectives pounced at ouce, on Derby Day, upon anyone who attempted it. They bagged two poorlooking men, Samuel Blackett and George Brown, before these evil-minded persons could demoralise the public, respectively with a game of betting and a lottery. They were caught red- handed. Mr. Call is determined to put down gambling, and so the pair were fined £10 each, or three months. A young man named Patrick Fay committed suicide at Mount Mistake, 10 miles from Ararat, on the Ballarat-road, last week. He had been drinking for some time, and yesterday be bade his friends good-bye, saving that he was going to die. At about 8 o'clock he went into a hut opposite his father's hotel, and having barred the door with stones, he cut his throat with a razor. He was alive when found by his friends, but be died soon afterwards. A little bo? aged three years, a son of Mr. Win. Fisher, of Megunga, near Warrnambool, got hold of a box of wax matches, and sucked the heads of a number of tbem before being discovered. As he showed no immediate symptoms ot poisoning,- the anxiety of the parents waB somewhat relieved. On the following morning, however, about 24 hours after he had sucked the matches, he becaire very ill, and though a doctor was at once called in, medical skill was of no avail, as the boy expired in a few hours. The current racing season in Melbourne appears to be marked as much as any previons one for the large number of larcenies committed in the city, more especially firom visitors. Frank Anderson, of Albury, arrived in Melbourne on Friday night, and became intoxicated. He was arrested, and when searched had only 2s. 6d. in his possession, although he stated that when in the Railway Club Hotel, Spencer-street, soon after his arrival, he had a £5-note, five sovereigns, and £25 in single notes with him. A meeting of the select committee of the Legislative Assembly appointed to inqnire into the desirableness of issuing a daily Hansard was held recently. Mr. Hall was appointed chairman. Some of the members of the committee had not read the report of the select committee on the same su> ject which was issued some years ago, and it was resolved to obtain copies of it; and also to ask the Government printer for certain information. The committee will be called together again by the chairman when the required information shall have been obtained. A memorial has been presented to his Excellency the Governor, through Mr. Forrest, M.L.A., asking for the remission of sentence passed, on 9th October, upon a man named Weelans, at the Colac petty sessions. Weelane, under considerable provocation, assaulted a man named Price, arguments upon a question of theology having resulted in blows. The defendant was mulcted in a fine of £10, which, with costs and expenses, came to £20, in default of paying which he is now undergoing three months' imprisonment. The memorial bean upwards of 350 signatures. The Victorian Commission of the Colonial and Indian Exhibition has received letters from the London Commission relative to the arrangements for the sale of colonial wine. It was stated that the privileges of the exhibitors or their agents were not in any way abused, and the secretary, Mr. James Thomson, anticipated that considerable advantage would accrue to the colony from the exhibition. A statement was received regarding the quantity of Victorian wines sold, which was larger than the quantity of wines sold from aDy other colony. The meeting considered the communications very satisfactory. Mr. Justice Eerferd on Saturday took a new departure, or revived a dormant mode of dealing with prisoners. A vicious-looking youth named Purceli, who had been convicted of assault and robbery in company, was sentenced to four years' hard labor, and 16 lashes with the cat during the first six months of the term. John O'Connell, a young mao, for attempting to take improper liberties with a little girl five years of age, was sentenced to two years' hard labor, and 15 lashes with the cat during the first six months. His Honor deserves credit for awarding the cat in cases ot this kind, and a little more of it might do no harm. Sir Graham Berry has forwarded a cable message to the Premier reporting the interview which he had on the 26th ult. with the Secretary of State for the ColonieB with reference to the continued occupation of the New Hebrides by France. The agent-general states that Mr. Stanhope reiterated his former assurances as to the expected early evacuation of the New Hebrides by the French troops, and added that the state* ot negotiations led him to the conclusion that he would be able to announce, in the coarse of a day or two, that a settlement of the matter had been arrived at between the Imperial Government and the Government of the Republic. As the Box Hill train was leaving the Hawthorn Btation on Monday morning at 8.20, a junior portor named Donald Miller ran along the platform for the purpose of closing a carriage door and adjusting the catch, when he was knocked down by the train. He fell between the carriages and the platform, and was dragged some little distance, when the train was pulled up. It was found that although no boneB were broken, he had sustained very painful contusions. Miller had very fortunate escape, and would almost to a certainty have been tilled had he fallen on to the rails, as the train must have passed over him, owing to the immediate stoppage of the train being impossible. Judging from the way in which some of the suburbs desire to attach themselves to Melbourne, there appears to be a good deal in that name. Brunswick is the latest to want to tack on again to the city. At a meeting of the Brunswick Municipal Council last week a resolution was carried—" That in the opinion of this Council the time has arrived at which it has become eBBential to the development of the borough and the advancement of its interests, that its name should be changed to North Melbourne, to which name, from its geographical position in relation to the metropolis, Brunswick is justly entitled, and that a petition under the seal of the borough be presented by the Council t J the Governorin-Council, praying him to change the name of the borough and of the corporation thereof from Brunswick to North Melbourne accordingly." The Herald says :—" An alarming boiler explosion, which, fortunately, was not attended by loss of life, occured ou Friday night a few minutes past seven o'clock, at the premises of Mr. Charles Oasley, butcher, at Malveru-road close to Williams-road, Prahran. The explosion was heard all over the neighborhood for a considerable distance away, and some people thought a collision had occured on the railway, others that there bad been a ' real gunpowder plot/ and some fancied that it was thunder. Mr. Ousely, on going into theched, discovered what bad happened. The engine was standing upright, but the boiling-down vat and its contents were completely blown Bway. Part of the roof was Bhot off the shed, and the premises were almost wrecked. The force of the explosion expended itself upwards, otherwise six horses in the stable must have been killed. The loss will be about £50." At the Melbourne City Court on Saturday, Frederick Morse was charged with obtaining two cheques lrom Margaret Tobin by false pretences. Detective Ward, who arrested the prisoner, said that about three weeks previously an ex-constable introduced the prisoner to Mrs. TobiD, of Mac's Hotel, Franklynstreet, as a detective. He visitied the hotel on the Dight of the 23rd, and said to Mrs. Tobin, " I understand you have got some cheques signed by one White. Detective Ward has told me to go round and getihem." The two cheques were handed to him, and Mrs. Tobin saw no more of him. Mr. Kane, for the defence, stated that the whole affair had arisen out of a mistake. Mrs. Tobin had made a mistake, as Morse had beep introduced to her as a private detective, not as a detective, and, being instructed to collect the money, had asked for it in an ordinary way. The case was iemanded. A man named John Cook, describing himself as a contracter from Sydney, was brought before the magistrates in Melbourne. The arresting constable said he found prisoner with two little children, a boy and a girl, in Melbourne last week, wandering about Bourke-street. On speaking to him and telling him to take the children home, Cook told witness he might take charge of them, and as he appeared hardly right in his mind, he wan arrested with a view to his own and the children's safety. He admitted having been confined in the House of Correction at Sydney, from which city he came recently by the B.S. Orient, unknown to his wife, whom he had left behind. The children, who are aged four and five years respectively, seemed to have been brought away againBt their will, and were anxious to return to their mother, who lives in Rileystreet, Surrey-Hills. The Bench remanded the accused for eight days for medical examination. Mr. George Gill, a city missionary, took charge of the two children. A robbery of a sensational nature as regards the amount involved, was committed in Little Bourke-street, Melbourne, ou Friday morning, between 2 and 3 o'clock, the victim being Mr. A. Saqui, a well-known bookmaker. Mr. Saqui was driving around in bis buggy with his groom on the previous evening atid called at several hotels in Mel bourne. After 2 o'clock on the morning of Friday he got around in Little Bourke-street, and called at a hotel there. He went inside and had one or two drinks, and was, it is stated, assisted into his buggy by two persons with whom be had drunk in the hotel. Mr. Saqui had a considerable sum of money on him at the time, and he does not think the amount was less than £150. It was composed of notes and gold, the greater portion consisting of £5 and £10 notes. After arriving home he discovered that the money had been abstracted from his pocket, not a single note being left. The matter was reported to the police later on by the groom, and the detectives have now the case in hand. They, however, do not think that the amount stolen is so large as stated by Mr. Saqui. The latter thinks that the money must have been taken while he was being assisted into his buggy. For a month past a great scare has existed in the usually quiet borough of Kew, owing to the nightly appearance of a practical joker arrayed in a phosphorescent sheet, with the evident attention ot alarming timid people. It is Btated that the would-be ghost generally shows himself before women and children, or persons from whom he runs no risk of retaliation. The scare has so manifested itself that a constable iu plain clothes has been specially told off to endeavor to catch the cowardly fel-- low. He was first seen by a lady who was going home in the company of her husband, and who on the appearance of the apparition was so affected as to render herself subject to recurring fits. The husband, strangely enough, did not notice the ghost. A number of girls going home from church at night were also greatly alarmed by seeing the apparition, which, to them, rose upwards from the ground to a height of about 8ft. It chief haunt seems to have been the Cotham-road, Gellibrand-road, and the Glenferrie-road, in the vicinity ot the High School and Jesuist College. On being reported to Sergeant M'Grath he made inquiries at these Bchools, but received satisfactory assurances that none of the scholars were concerned in the matter. All sorts of rumors are current, it being averred by a carter that while driving up one of the roads late at night, the ghost, with a firing leap, went bounding over his horse, and disappeared as suddenly as it came. Whatever the facts are, it is authoritatively stated that several fathers of families, whose children have been frightened by the joker, are determined to give him a warm reception should he ever reveal himself to them. A professional runner is also known to be laving in wait for him, and should the ghost fall into his hands, he vows he will have the reverse of a pleasant time. 