latos wwi $fcctdte¡$. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.) THE BROKEN SEAL. A NOVEL, BY DORA RUSSELL, Author of " Footprints in the snow," " Tho Vicar's Governess," " Out of Eden," Sc. [The Bight of Trantlatioii is Reserved.] CHAPTER HI.-THE " BTOU.IOH ABMS." I Nearly every afternoon the bar of the Bur ! leigh Arms ithe old-fashioned Plymouth tavern, into which John Lester had been carried half-fainting more than twenty years ago) waa crowded with customers. The house had a good reputation for one thing the drink sold was said to be good drink ; and for another-the landlady was a popular woman, and many of the frequenters of the Burleigh ArniB had knew her since the days when aB a slim, pink-checked young girl, old John Burleigh had first brought her to preside there. But she waa no longer slim. A rosy, comely, very stout woman, stood turning the taps, where she had stood for thirty years. She was a good-natured creature, and bad a smile nearly as blight now as when she had won the old landlord's heart, aud he had married his sister's nursemaid. She had her jest and her laugh with her customers always ready, but she was known to be a highly respectable person, and no man ever said a rude word twice to her. Her second marriage was a well-known fact, and her second husband was generally considered to be a very foolish man not to take full advantage of all the good things that had fallen to his lot. He had had several rivals for thc hand of the fair and well-endowed widow, and a certain Captain Daw, a retired master of a sailing vessel, had felt himself particularly aggrieved Vhen Mrs. Burleigh wedded John Lester, thc handsome soldier. Not that he had any real reason to feel aggrieved, for Daniel Daw waa a man of slow and steady ways of life, and he had never yet hinted to Mrs. Burleigh that he wished to marry her, when to his great disgust he found she was going to marry somebody else. He had only sat and stared at her, and drunk his rum with unfailing regularity from her handB. And now for twenty-three years, he had drunk his rum and stared at her still. He came ao surely, and sat dawn on the bench opposite to her, twice a day, that Mrs. Lester took no more notice of him than she took of the glass bottles that decked her shelveB. She never thought of him, in fact. She was a married woman, faithful and true to her husband, absent or present, but this old, wicked, rum-imbibing sea- captain sat there and thought of her day after day, always hoping that something would happen to the absent soldier. Daniel Daw reckoned Iiis chances in Iiis Blow way, and hope never died out of his heart. There waB the sword first-the old, sad words of Holy Writ so often fulfilled, that he who taketh it up shall perish by it then there was climate, the cholera, fever, snake bites, shipwrecks. Surely a man ex- posed to all these dangers would not hold on so fast to life as the steady going person who sat there darkly staring at his wife and wishing him dead ! The only danger that seemed to threaten Daniel Daw's existence was too much rum. But he was prudent withal, lie kept none at home: he drank four glasses every day at thc Burleigh Arms, and he was a seasoned cask. In person he waa Btout, very stout and short ; in visage round and red, in speech slow and sure. He was sitting in his usual place, at his usual hour, and at Iiis usual occupation, on the day following Major Doyuo's ill-omened visit to Hoden Court. It was about three o'clock in the afternoon, and the bar was fairly full. Petty officers, dock yard mcu, commercial travellers, soldiers and sailors, were passing out and in. Daniel had come to his second glass, and his round eyes were fixed on the buxom landlady with a persistent stare. There she stood, florid, comely, with blue eyes, and a large, flat, shining face, and her light brown hair in crimped bands on either side-her dress apparently mode purposely to attract attention to her excessive rotundity. At least, it was light-coloured and flowery, and her bibbed apron was light- coloured and flowery too, and trimmed with white lace and tied with a coloured ribbon. But she had been a pretty woman. She had a clean, honest, smiling look, that was plea- sant to the eye, and a dimple in her rouud, white chin. She was very busy, when a handsom cab, containing two gentlemen, drove up to the door of the " Burleigh Arms, and a minute later entered thc bar. No one can stand thirty years' looking at their fellow-beings without getting some knowledge of what people arc by their appearance. As the brown, slender little man, with the long, tawny moustache, ad- vanced towards her, Mrs. Lester knew very well he was a military officer. Army men (officers) were out of her lue of business, but she had seen dozens of such as this in the Btreets, and she at once addressed thc two with marked civility. .? What can I get you, gentlemen ?" The little soldier pulled his tawny mous- tache, and looked up at his taller companion before he replied, who gave a very feeble smile in return. They had forgot'cn they were expected to drink something, and they were not thirsty. They had come there on an errand that made bodily requirements seem as nothing to them. They were both very pale, and Major Doyne was nervous and ndgetty, and Alan Lester cold and reserved. Ue had made up his mind ; he was hiding thc bitter blow that he had received under a little extra calmness and steadiness of demeanour. "I'll have allandy and soda, I think," jerked out Major Doyne. "Can we have a pi i vate l oom, landlady." "Certainly, gentlemen. Rose [Rose was thc barmaid] show the gentlemen into the blue parlour." Hose proceeded forthwith to usher Major Doyne and Alan Lester into thc very room where John Lester had been carried all those long years ago ! It was a little room behind the bar, neat, tidy, flowery, SB the landlady herself. Thc furniture covered with a bright blue print ; the walls were painted in two shades of blue, and the mantel-piece was «domed with quaint offerings from foreign lauds, brought by Mrs. Lester's various sea- faring acquaintances. Big shells (awful to be- hold when wc reflect on the living monsters that must liave inhabited them), little Indian ivory figures, and in fact Btrange things wrought by strange people-bits of Chinese embroidery, massive in gold and silver, and rich colours and extraordinary designs. Alan Lester looked at these things vaguely ; the thought crossed his mind did poor John bring any of them herc ? Had he eat here ? Was IIÍB pale ghost perhaps here now to see justice done to Iiis wife and child ? In the meantime Bose had brought in the brandy-and-soda, and given the bright maho- gany table a little unnecessary polish with her checked white muslin apron in passing. " Is there anything else, gentlemen ?" she asked. Alas, poor Rose ! Wert thou given that sweet name in mockery to thy dull pitted skin, thy uncouth features? For certain reasons of her own Mrs. Lester always en faged a plain barmaid, and Bhe had certainly ¡ one this with a vengeance when she took poor Uoae. Yet the girl was honest, handy, ' would work and wait whi'e others played, though nature had indeed served her a Bcurvy trick. She stood there, perhaps, conscious of her ugliness when she asked Alan and Doyne if I they required anything else. There was none j of the coquettishness of young womanhood. She hod a humble deprecating Took ; the look you see on the faces of the very poor. J "Can we see the landlady here?" asked Alan Lester, in a low, steady voice. "The missus-Mrs. Lester?" inquired Rose. ; "Yea," said Alan, and a little quiver passed over his pale face as he heard hoi name. " I'll see, sir," said Rose, and she disap- peared ; and a few moments later Mrs. Lester came bustling in. "Is there anything I can do for you, gentlemen*" she asked, with her pleasant smile. " I want to ask you a few questions," said Alan Lester. Mrs. Lester looked uneasy. She lifted the end of her flowery apron as if to examine the pattern ; she heaved an anxious sigh. " My Jim's not been getting ¡uto any fresh trouble, I hope, gentlemen ? she said at length. " Your son ?" asked Alan, quickly. "Ye«, sir, my only one-and his pa's not bare-and he's getting post my manage- ment." "It is not about your son I came here to speak," said Alan, forciug his words from Iiis lips with a painful effort: ''I want to ask about your marriage ?" "My marriage, sir?" answered Mrs. Lester, sharply, her complexion deepening in tint. " There's nothing to bc said against that, ia there ! That's all right, anyhow." " I mean your second marriage." " Yes, sir, I married John Lester twenty one years ago gone June-do you know any- thing about my John ?" Alan hesitated. How could he tell this poor soul that her John lay cold and stark ? "John's a soldier," went on Mrs. Lester; "folks say I should have done better than that," she adili'l trembling and with a smile, " but I just took to him, and I hod no one but myself to please-my iirst old man had been dead and gone these three years when 1 married John-hut I've had a lonesome life of late, for John's regiment has been in foreign parts these five years, and they've only just got home, and I'm looking now to have my man back, aud I've made up my mind I'll not bc parted from him any more." Lester looked at Major Boyne, and turned away his head. He felt the task was beyond his strength ; he could not give the poor woman this cruel blow, and Major Doyue j understood. " I am sorry," said Doyne, casting down his eyes, and pulling bis moustache, " to be obliged to tell you bad news. Your husband, John Lester, was stationed at Gortmouth "ric is there," interrupted Mrs. Lester, turning very pale. "I am in command at Gortmouth," pro- ceeded Major Doyne, "and, I regret very deeply to tell you, that Johu Lester died quite suddenly in the barrack-yard the day before yesterday." The shriek that Mrs. Lester gave when she heard this dreadful news rang through the house. The men standing round the bar heard it, and Captain Uaw heard it, and jumped to his feet, and ran as fast as he could go into the little blue parlour. " What's the matter ?" he asked. Poor Mrs. Lester had flung herself on her knees on the floor, and had thrown har apron over her head, "Oh ! John ! John !" she wailed, wringing her hands, " shall I sec you no more ?" " What's the matter ? again asked Daniel. "John's dead. Captain Daw," answered thc woman, " my John's dead !" Daniel Daw said nothing. The hour had come that he had waited for so long, and a dull sense of pleasure and satisfaction crept ' into his heart. " Perhaps Mrs. Lester would like to see lier son ?" said Alan Lester, gently and com- passionately. " Oh ! yes, sir, send for Jim, send for Jim!" cried Mrs. Lester in bitter distress. " He'll bc at his billiards-tell him lib poor pa dropped down quite sudden in thc barrack yaru !" Alan went out of the room to despatch a messenger to seek young Lester, and Major Doyne tried to Bay some common place con- soling words to the poor widow. " He was a good soldier, and a brave man," he said ; "wc have all to die, you know, Mrs. Lester, aud his sufferings were very brief." " If lie had only been at home, sir !" wept Mrs. Lester. " I ve urged him so often-he had everything comfortable here-oh ! why, why, did he go away !" Daniel Uaw upon this weut back to the bar, and demanded a third glass oi rum from the hands of Hose. Then he sat down on his old seat, and began vague speculations for the future. There was a row of Dutch-shaped bottles on a lngli shelf just opposite to him, and he fixed his rouud eyes on these, and ' thought they would look better sud be handier lower down. He thought of various altera- tions and improvements, and was ouly inter- rupted in his mental calculations by tho entrance of young James Lester, who had j been sent for from a neighbouring billiard room. Alan LeBter was walking Blowly np and down before the door of the Burleigh Arms, waiting for this youth, when he made his appearance. Naturally Alan looked at him with strong interest. He was about twenty ; good-looking, fresh-coloured, with a bold ; prominent blue eye, and rather a swaggering manner and gait. He blushed when he saw Alan. He thought he was the officer wbo had come to tell his mothar of his father's death, and he was ashamed of his father having been a private soldier. He Tittle guessed the keen and miserable interest with which Alan Lester was regard- ing his face. His brother's son, his near kinsman, the heir of the old name ! These thoughts passed like lightning through Alan's brain as ne stood there looking intently at James Lester, and beneath his fixed gaze the bold blue eyes shifted and fell. " Are you the gentleman who has come to tell my mother that poor father is dead, sir !" thc next moment asked James Lester, aguin looking up at the grave, sad face before him. "Yes, auswered .Alan, briefly, and he turned away his eyes with a stifled sigh. " I regret to be thc bearer of ill news, but your father died the day before yesterday at Gortmouth." " Awful sudden, sir-what did he die of?" asked the young man. " He died of spasm of the heart-he had had attacks before-but this one killed him in a few minutes." " Dreadful thing, sir ; I'm awfully sorry ; it's very good of you to come and tell mother; won't you come into the house and have something to drink ?" " No thank you, but I will speak to your mother. I will call on her again about some arrangements." " i cs, to be sure ; where's the funeral to be?" " We can arrange about that to-morrow ; I will go in now and speak to your mother." As he said this Alan Lester re-entered thc tavern and went straight across the bar to thc little blue parlour at the back, followed by James Lester. Mrs. Lester was still there, crying bitterly, and Major Doyne was trying to say some kindly words to her, but at thc sight of her son, she rose and flung her arms round his neck. "Oh! Jim!" she cried, "have you beard, have you heard ? your poor pa's gone -he'll not come back any more-be won't be here at Christmas as he promised-and the puilden's mode-I always sent him a Christmas pudden, sir," she continued, wiping her streaming eyes with her flowery apron, and addressing Major Doyne ; "wher- ever he was, in thc Ingles, and all, John had bis pudden quite regular, and this one he waB to have at home, and he won't be here to eat it." And again Bobs choked the poor creature. _ It was impossible not to sympathise with ber. Her genuine bitter sorrow, her homely language, touched Alan Lester's heart so much that he went up to her and wrung her band. " I will come and see you to-morrow," be Said; "try to take some comfort. Your busband was a good man-a brave and good «nan. Major Doyne will tell you so, who was his officer for yeats ; and 1 think you Would like to see poor John again." " Oh ! yes, sir ; I was going to ask about that," said Mn, Lefter, now looking np eagerly, "but my head's in such a whirl, like, I can remember nothing; but may I have him home, sir-may I have his body home ?" And she looked at Major Doyne. " Certainly, Mrs. Lester," he answered ; "I shall see about all necessary arrange- ments. And now we shall leave you with your son." And he put his arm through Alan Lester's, and the two bowed and were just leaving the room when Alan Lester suddenly remembered something. "I will leave my card," he said, "and write the address of our hotel on it." _ He did this, and after he was gone young Jim Lester, who was by no means heart- broken at the news of his father's death, for he had been but a youth of fifteen when poor John Lester went away, took up Alan Lester's card with some interest. " Hello ! mother," he said, " what's this ? Had poor father any swell relations-Sir Alan Lester, Rollen Court-can this swell be any relation of ours ?" " Don't talk that light-hearted, Jim," wept Mrs. Lester; "your poor pa's gone where SWCIIB and no swells is the same- I there's no difference there-but poor John had no relations that I know on ; thc gentle- man is nothing to us." " The name's the same, anyhow." Mrs. Lester made no answer ; she continued rocking herself to-aud-fro in her grief, wailing and bemoaning ; she would not be comforted. In tile meanwhile Daniel Daw had fallen into a gentle doze, on his accustomed bench before thc bar. He had gone on counting thc bottles 011 thc shelves until sleep overcame him, and he went on counting them in his dreams. Suddenly, however, he was aroused by a louder wail than ever from poor Mrs. Lester. Daniel started, rose to his feet, rubbed Iiis eyes, and remembered what had happened. Then he stood listening a moment with great apparent satisfaction to poor Mrs. Lester's cries and sobs. " Ay, ay," he muttered to himself, as he walked out of the bar ' with his rolling gait, " she'll soon get over it-them that squeals so hard don't squeal long !" (To br GonHnwd.) 