—Mia Wheeler Wilcox. CAR M E LI N E : OB W m m v $ bride. A ROMANCE OF ENGLAND AND AUSTRALIA. . ' FOUNDED OH FACT. CHAPTER I V. (Continued.) By FRANCIS^A. 'bTJBIVAGE, AUTHOR OF "Tlie Brother's Secret," "A lost life." " Foatelpoy," tfcc. "IndeedI" she exclaimed, with viable emotion. "Yob," he continued: "I shall not see that fur face for many a long.day." " If you are detaining me to repeat compliments I must leave you," she said, ' " Mine is no common-place gallantry," he answered, " though you have chosen to treat it as such. I love you with the whole force of myaouL" " " Yet report says, my lord, that yon led a wild life in London.' " I did. I plunged into dissipation to try to forget you." "And yon are going away to try the same remedy again?" "Hot so, by heaven! Hy love for you has purified my nature. I .mil never again do anything that you would disapprove, for I love you—lore you as muoh as you hate me." "Hate jpra—you 1" she cried, and she raised her beautiful eyes to heaven as she spoke. " How can you be so cruel ? Alas 1 what have I said?" "Do I really hear aright?" cried Lord Herbert, seizing her hand. "Is it possible that you do not sputa me—that you rave me hope?" Jeannette withdrew her hand. " I give you no hope," she said. " I only ask you to let me go—to pity me. Farewell! farewell forever I If you have any regard for me, you will grant me one boon—forget toe." "Forget you 1" he echoed, and was proceeding to deolare the ntter impossibility of obeying her, bnt she was gone; speeding toward the hall at a rate that forbade pursuit, even if he had attempted to follow her; flying footsteps. The next day he was on his way to London with Grives,thence to.Folkestone, and midnight found them tossing on the channel^ in company with a number of other travelling victims. »Me lud," said Graves, in an interval of pause from the agonies of sea-sickness, " 'ad I hanticipated such 'errors as thiB, I should have presumed to hadvise going to the Continent by land." Poor Graves' geographical knowledge was extremely limited. They arrived in Paris at a critical moment. Louis PtailUppe in bis dotage had defied the populat will, and a political volcano was on. the eve (A explosion. Lord Herbert had read the signs of the coming convulsion, hut poor Graves, happily ignorant of French, was unaware that the atmosphere was so electrical. He was waiting orders in Ms master's parlorjone evening. Travelling in company, the formal intercourse -of master and man had yielded to .something like the familiarity tolerated oil the Continent. "Me lud," said Graves, "there seems to be some kind of a row going on in the * " Yes; a very uncommon kind of a row. "A large number of people are singing somethink or other." "The Marsdlaise." " Hand I perceive," continued Graves,'" a number of persons with torches hescortisg a cart in which there are bodies. There must 'ave been some kind of a haotident—a 'ouse tumbling down, per'aps." "Youaxis right," rerilied Lord Herbert] "and the building that has fallen,or is falling, is the Boyal house of France." " Amazing 1" exclaimed Graves, not at all following his master's drift. . Just then there -came a rattling crash in the (distance. Graves jumped, "I beg pardon, me lad; bnt what was that?" "Musketry." "And that?" screamed the terrified lackey, as a deeper detonation shook the window* fianep. "Cannon. Load my pistols. We'll go down into the street and take a hand In this TOW." " Me lud! me lad I" cried the terrified flunkey, " if you'd only hexouse my servioes on thls.hoccasion." "Load the pistols, blockhead," cried Lord Herbert. Twenty minutes afterwards," Milord Anglais," warmly welcomed by the revolutionists, was fighting on a barricade—for just then he waB a professed liberal—and waves, more dead than alive, loading his cavalry pistols as fast as his trembling hands would permit him. "By Jovel" said Lord Herbert, ashe brought down a royal curasrier from his saddle,"this is what I call 'Beal lutein Paris."' CHAPTER V. „ GBETNA GREEK. 7 The travels and adventures of Lord Her hat Ehightlyduring a year, the time allotted to his absence, have no hearing on the movement of our narratiye, ana are, acopicdingly, At fi rei the tone of his letters to his mother indicated to that keen-sighted woman that he was ill at ease, and it; was evident that he was seeking all sorts of excitements as an anodyne for restlessness. . Very soon, however, he wrote in high spirits, and the countess felt oertain that he was radically cnredcfhisJanoyfor-Jeamiette. He was presented at various foreign courts, and wrote home long letters about the ladies he met in cociety. EromTienna he wrote, " There are many lovely woman here,-but were Lady Fanny Westover at court, she would .outshine them all." This opihion was communicated to the English"beauty,Und she thought "perhaps the man loved me a little after all." • Still, on the eve of his return, the Q£>nnteas thought it best to give Jeannette an indefinite leave of absence, supplying her place in the interim. "I hope to recall you very soon, my child," said the countess, kindly, as the girl was leaving. Lord Herbert received a warm welcome at Elwood Hall. He was the picture of ruddy health.' Long pedestrian tramps in Switzerland, boar- hunting in the, German forests, boging on the Danube, had devdoped his muscles and strengthened his- constitution. It was a young athlete who grasped the earl'shand and threw his arm around hismother's waist. . -.-' . . - The day after his return he noticed, apparently for the first time, the absence of Jeannette, and commented on it with the Utmost indifierenoe. " Do you know, mother," he said, with a light Laugh, "that I once thought the ghi'waa wonderfully pretty. SeeingtneBmartFrenoh servants, though, spoils one for thick English w&id;∧ ankUs." . If the ooontesB was delighted to find that her boy o&ma; back heart-whole, the earl was equally pleased when he fonnd that, instead ot overdrawing his aooooot, he had brought back a handsome sum, notwithstanding the extentof his travels and the duration of his absenoe. "Do you kcow,~ father," said the young man, "thatrthejaxampleof the foreign no* bility teaches one to economize? Lavish expenditure, with ihem, is a mark of horrible vulgarity. In France and Germany we try to find how much pleasure we can: secure for a little money ; here, how much money we can spend on a little pleasure." One important change .in Lord Herbert's domestic arrangements had taken place. Mr. Graves had left his service to accept" the place as head- waiter in a Swiss Hotel, ms place had been supplied by a French valet- Mr. Eugene La .FIeur—a keen, black-eyed fellow, very sharp and very polite, speaking three or four languages besides his own, for he had been a. travelling courier. A iew days after Lord Herbert's return he started oS op a little domestic tour, after which he was to settle down in Loq^on to readlaw. Before he left the hall, his father announoed tohim that he had settled his yearly allowanoe for the future, and named a sum so magnificent as to surprise the heir of Elwood. . • . • Soon after leaving the hall, Lord Herbert gave oertain minute instructions to his confidential valet, and they parted company, the young nobleman pursuing his journey alone in a post-chaise/his course lying through the northern counties. It was the dusk of-evening, and a young girl was seated in a private parlor of a email inn in a northern post- town. She was very plainly dressed foot her beauty,as the opposite mirror assured her, stood in need of no adornment. She was evidently expecting some one, for from ktime to time she consulted a little Geneva watch which hung at her waist with signs of impatience. At last her keen ear detected a step on the stair, then nearer in the hall; the door was flung open; a young man rushed forward, folded her in his arms, kissed her cheeks, lipB, and forehead and exclaimed : "Jeannette! my own! my darling!" " Herbert 1 my love I my life!" "iaiihisnot a dream?'' cried tb$ happy young manias he eeated limsell beside her -and iclaspdd- her hand& You ; got my letter?" jfi />. .'fi <« ,, '> Iwea^ on myiiieartA^he' whiipered; J " and I can repeat «very word of it." S ' "And yon consent ?" #3Lam wholly, yours, Herbert." ".lonly aBk for one year of secrecy and Beelusion. At the end of that time I will avow our union in the face of the world, come what may. You are more to- me than father, mother, fortune, rank, I have counted the minutes of my absence." Maoh more he said in the same strain, and there was a convincing sincerity in the tdne as well as the words.. Lord Herbert Knightly and Jeannette Wilson had corresponded secretly during the whole period of the former'B absence. His first letter had remained unanswered a long time, -and expectation had intensified his passion, Thenhe^cool, dilatory reply had produced warmer protestations on his part; an offer of marriage, Whioh was rejected ; a disp&iring; rejoinder, and then an aoceptanee on the part of Jeannette, provided the offer was renewed at the expiration of a year. If, in the interim, he changed^iis mind, and flhtf" continued * to implore him to forget her, then hen she released him from every pledge and would return all his letters. He had proved constant to his attachment, and now claimed the re salt of his fidelity. Jeannette had already written to the Countess, thanking her for past kindnesses, but declining to return to Elwood "Hall. This was a sort of tacit confession of an interest in the young heir, which it was her duty to suppress. She did not send the countess her address. Lord Herbert was determined to make assurance doubly Bore. He might still beBUSpeotedand watched, and he determined at once to baffle family interference. A postchaise was at the door, and the young couple entered it. La Hear had been dispatched in advance to secure relays of horses along the northern road, and Joined the pair at the last station on the south of the northern English frontier. The postillions drove as if their employer was pursued, though there was no shadow of danger. Lord Herbert did not draw a free breath until Carlisle was left behind, and glad enough was he when they alighted at the blacksmith's shpp in Gretna Green, then the great rendezvous of eloping couples. The blacksmith had a licence to solemnize marriages, and no preliminary formalities were requisite in Scotland. The altar was an anvil—the officiating riest a grimy son of Vulcan. Fortunately E e never claimed the privilege of Baluting brides ; all he cared for was the fee. In this case it was liberal. The blacksmith furnished a certificate—the legal marriage of Herbert Knightly and Jeannette Wilson, andLa Fleur endorsed it as a witness. The bridegroom gave this important document to the keeping of the bride. They left Gretna Green man and wife; and their honeymoon began with deception. Returning to London by nnfrequented roadB, they were registered at all theirhaltingplaoes as Captain and Mrs. James Morton. It was as Mrs. Morton, and not as Lady Knightly, that the bride took possession of an elegant little furnished house in St John's Wood, a district in the north-western part of London.- ' - At first ahe was dazzled and delighted with theeleganoe of the aristocratic box. t Lord Herbert tavd given fo Fleur cmu VUmht as to furnishing it, and the man's Parisian taste had achieved wonders. A coupe and saddlerhprsa were at her disposal—j^e had servants at command—flhe was told she need But, after all, this, was a cage, though a gilded one. Her husband could only visit her bystealth. She oould not make acquaintances—and, indeed,, the character of the neighborhood was rather dubious. When Bhe Jode in the park she most be closely veiled. She must observe constant precautions. Though a married woman, site was to lead the life of a cloistered nun. During his long weary absenoes, she could not be certain how her husband was passing his time—what temptations he might be exposed to. . Still he was hers. She loved him personally—she loved his rank. A year would soon pass. She would then emerge from obsqprity and_ dazzle the world with her beauty, vindicating her right to move among peeresses—to be presented at court. Bright dreams, poor little Jeannette 1 And there was a romance in her position after all. „ To be. treated asthe fury of this domestics establishment—tobe petted,-loved, adpred—ft was .rapturous! The honeymoon was prolonged, ,ai»d* for months Lord Herbert did not seem for a single moment to regret the step he had taken. So the beantiful recluseof St John's Wood Terrace was perfeetly happy. CHAPTEB VL TBOUBM. From tee moment when Jeannette broke. Wild Kate at Elwood HMI, Bhe had conceived a passion for equestrian exercise. Every fair day die rode in Hyde Park, followed'at a ~ itful distance 'hy a mounted groom. 'hough her face w&Si; hidden' with a tlrick veil, still the tl&g;&ned; of h£r symmetrical form and the daring style of her ridiito soon attracted attention. Dandy guardsmen -fend old Clubmen began to enquite after the feminine enigma. The groom was questioned, cash in hand, but he was mute as the sphinx. Some daring yoqpg men tracked her to St. John's Wdod Terrace, and there learned that it was a Mrs. Morton wfco Iatabited the elegant little bird-cage in the centre of the block. .But the neighboring tradespeople were not communicative about her; all her bills were punctually paid, and that was enough for them. She never made any purchases personally. The fair equestrienne became the talk of Eotten Bow. Why did she always veil her face 1. Some said she was deeply pitied with the small-pox; others that she was a colored woman; all sorts of rumors were jlyingln the air. Even Qaeen Victoria one day raised her eye glass to her as she. passed her in the park. Sir Lionel Lincoln, of the Ckrleton, made a bet that he would speak to the Anonyma,and even make her lift her veil. ; Primed with champagne, he rode up to her one day, and accosted her. "A fine day, madam." Jeannette took ho notice of his remark,but touohed her bay mare with the whip. The high-spirited animal bounded forward, but the insolent cavalier kept at her bridle rein. He glanced round and saw that a group of his fellow- dandies were watobing him. One part of his bet he-had already won—he had spoken to the lady; but he had sworn to lift the veil. It floated yithin reach pf his hand and he dared to grasp it. White, with passion Jeannette turned in her Baddle and lifting her riding-whip dealt the baronet a severe out aoross the face. For one moment her own beautiful countenance was revealed. The next instant she had again shrouded it, and was galloping away followed closely by her groom. She did not intend to mention this occurance to her husband, simply resolving to give up her favorite exercise. Bat the groom imparted ber secret to Lord Herbert, or rather to Captain Morton, as they all called their employer. "You have been insulted to-day, Jeannette," said his lordship, "I will avenge |ou." .: c M I have avenged myself, Herbert. The jrretch'will carry'tlie mark of my whip for a afortinght, an|l IJiave made him the laughhii fellows."- - " Bjjj; I moBt have my revenge," said Lord . Herbert, darkly. "No man shall insult mf~ wife and live." " How will you oompass it ? Are you reader to acknowledge that I am your wife?" Not yet; but I can quarrel with him on some other pretence—fight him—" "Perhapsfall and leave me alone in the world. No, co, Herbert, you love me too well for that. There is bat one way to end these difficulties; present me to your father as your wife; proclaim to the world who and what I am." " You forg3t that our secret was td be kept for a year." " I agreed to that, dearest; bat why not anticipate the avowal?" " Do not press me," replied Lord Herbert, gloomily. " I am not ready yet." At that moment an altercation was heard in the lower hall, and a harsh voioe exclaimed: "I must and will see the lady of the house." "Let me go down/' stud Jeannette,turning pale. Some importunate beggar; I will soon get rid of him." " But the man seems to be insolent." " I-oan deal with him, dearest; I entreat you to let me manage this." She ran down stairs. A shabby roughlooking man who had foroed his way past the la<&ey;, stood holding the servant by the collar. The moment he saw Jeannette, he said, in a familiar tone: Call your cur off. He pretended that I had no right to enter your house." " He comes on business, George," said Jeannette to the wondering servant. Yon can leavens. 4 ' . She was psIS as death, and so agitated that she could not speak, but die beckoned the strange visitor into" a tide room and mutely invited him to take a seat. "You've kept yourself confounded secret cf late, Jeannette." said the man, scowling at her. " thought you'd throw me off the scent, eh 7 But. I was standing by the park railings this afternoon, and caught a glimpse of your face while you was hav&tg; a row with your beau and cutting him serosa the eyes." " You saw me chastising a villain!" " I saw what I saw. Well, you seem to be comfortably settled here—quite the lady. A fine house—fine clothes—^yhile It—'' . He looked down at his shabby, garments, and uttered something like a snarl of rage. " I was not aware that you were in distress," said Jeannette, frho was trembling violently. " I am sure I am ready to assist you," and she plaoed her purse in his hands. "I've heard the parson say the wages of sin is death," said the man, weighing the purse in his hand and gloating on the guineas that glittered-through the silken meshes "but I say that the wages of sin are fine clothes, meat, and drink. Don't you find it BO, Jeannette?"' " I do not understand you," answered Jeannette, blushing scarlet. - " Why. hbw do.you come by these luxuries that surround you ? What are , you doing here ? Mind, I .don't come here to blame y ou, but to • • . . , , "lamhere," replied Jeannette, because joy bQRtand btti hired fbii boose ftt tee. 1 am*surrounded by luxuries because my husband is generous." "I should like to Bet my eyes jjpon thatgenerous chap," said tiie man,with a drunken" laugh. " Very well, sir, you can do it," eaid Lotd Herbert, entering the room. • " I am this lady's husband—Captain James Morton." " My dear brother-in-law," said the intruder, offering him a dirty hand, "lam happy to-make your acquaintance." ^ . Lord Herbert bent an inquiring look on his wile. , "Thisis my brother Thomas," she said™ casting down her eyes—" the only relative I have on earth." " I've bad hard luck, captain," said Mr. Thomas Wilson, throwing himself in a damask ohair; " but I am a gentleman, every inch 1" and he clinched the assertion with an oath. " I'm a jaok-of-all-trades, but I never could make both ends meet. As I before remuked, I'm very glad to make your acquaintance, and—and—and wish you many returns of the same happy occasion. * For three weeks, my dear Bir, I haven't known where to lay my head; now, I suppose you've got a room and bed at my service here." Lord Harbert signaled to his wife to leave them alone, and she quickly withdrew. There is no room for you, here," said Lord Herbert, firmly. " Whan I married your sister I was not aware o! your existence. When I married your sister, I had no idea of endorsing her family. This is my house, and I must tell you, sir,-that its doors will be shut against yon. Why, you . can well imagine. You must ban been begging money of your sister, I suppose. ; " No, captain—a gentleman cannot condescend to beg ; but she very politely requested me to accept this trifle," and he feeld •p the well filled purse Jeannette had given him. "Very well," said Lord Herbert, "I will add to the amount. Here is a twenty-pound note. Now you are in funds.. Get yourself decent clothes, and lookout for Bomehonest employment.^ I see the rock you stumble on is intemperance. Avoid it. What I give you is burdened with this con dition—that you ate not to aflnoy your sister by coming here. If you violate the agreement; I shall know how toTpunish you."" '- • •• . While Lord Herbert was speaking Wilson was- scanning him .from head to loot, as'if imprinting every lineament on His memory. . "Very .good,.,-capJain,"_he saidj at.last. " Hand me over lhe &vniiy;—l accept the terms, f 1 wiU^£ver ;call here without your permission. I will get mysell a deoent rigout, and the rest of the money shall be— judioiously invested, M will do no discredit to my genteel brother-in-law, Sorry my. engagements wUl not permit Tne to stay and take 8qpper.with ; yqn.^"My'compliments to my.sisterl > Au 'retoir^ captaili , ." We shall certainty meet again/" •'. " Heaveniorbidl" thought Lord Herbert, aBbe bowed .ihe vagabond out of the house. " 1 Mve^ got : rid of 15m," said he, as r he rejoined.hu wtfe. " He will not trouble you again."'. . .7: .' ' The name "of 'Thomas Wilson was not ag∈ mentioned between them, and Lord Herbert had .almost " forgotten him, when, strolling one "atfcer'nocin through Bsgent street, he ,cams upon an individaal dressed in the extr#ia of fashion, with' a glass stock ip his eye,and a lavender kid glove on the hAnd whic^i twirled, a little cane. " Ah" l^ Captaiu. Mprton; delighted to-ineet you l" exciaioied this exquisite, who wasino other than Thomaa Wilson, as he extended his handti, ,, , _ •"' Tl '. !'• -Had jibu Herbert b^n al^ne, he might have responded, but BB hS ^as walklng with a young guardsman, he replied, freesingly: .. ^ ' • "Sir, you are mistaken, I haven't'the* honor ot knowing you." " Ah I indeed," eaid Mr Wilson, staring at him throngs his glass. " Not Captain Morton 1 Whom then have I the supreme pleasure in addressing?" Bat Lord Herbert and his friend had already passed on. " S tiling under false colors, di?" thought Wilson. "Not Captain Morton! There's doable-dealing here. But I'll find out who and what you are, or my name's not Tom Wilson." And he turned and stealthily followed the young nobleman and his companion. CHAPTEB VII. theghave isffi^at'iiaia, \- ' * - ' Months rolled on. At first not a Say ipassed without. Lord Herbert 'visiting his wife. Then oame intervals of absenoe, dti&v; ing whioh he did not even write. Of oourse Jeannette knew he was obliged to keep up appearances, to study, to show himself in society, to visit his home. But then his manner changed. He was no longer impassioned. He was often cold and constrained, moody and silent. "She would not think at first that he was growing weary of her, but by degrees the oonviction forced itself upon her, and preyed upon her very soul. Her cheek grew pale, her eye dim, her beauty faded. Fatal change I- for beauty and tenderness were her only weapons. She lacked the accomplishments and the graces which are the birthright of aristooratic ladies, and4f her humble charms should desert her, she had no hold on the heart of the man who had stooped from his high station to wed her. Lord Herbert Knightly had indeed, failed in more than one respect. He had broken his pledge to his father not to gamble, and he had again exceeded hie liberal allowanoe. He had debts aad dans. His establishment in St. John's Wood Terrace felt the effects of hisembarressments. He alleged to Jeannette unfortunate speculations as the reason for entailing his domestio expenses, and she cheerfully saw horseB and carriages sold, grooms dismissed, and the household reduced to a meagre minimum. Bnt it was hard to have to press her husband for money, to meet the grocer's, baker's and butcher's bills. She knew there was something wrong, dreaded something fatal. Daring the first monthB of hiB secret marriage Lord Herbert had avoided society; now he was at every distinguished ball, concert, picnio, archery meeting. Everywhere he met Lady Fanny Westover. Sinoe their, first acquaintance her beauty had ripened into something tharvellous, and she was followed by a train of ardent admirers. But she distinguished him above all others, and his marked attentions compromised both. Though he never said anything to Jeannette about his sooial movements, the news-. papers, such as the Morning Post, and Court Journal, chronicled them. The fact is, he waB leading a wild, desperate life, regardless of all consequences. High play and deep drinking divided his nights with theatres, balls, and dinner parties. He betted on the turf with the varying luck of a follower of fortune. - .. The carl and the countess both became uneasy about him. They looked on a brilliant marriage as the only means of saving him, and they already treated Lady Fanny Westover as their future dkughter-in-law. Lord Herbert's attentions to her were unmistakable. Ne honorable man could be so assiduous without giving the object ot his addresses and the world to understand that he lovedher. Yet Lord Herbert never deliberately purposed to repudiate his marriage with Jeannette. He even, pressed by his father to settle in life, meditated precipitating an avowal, and braving all-the consequences, though his first lore had long eince grown , sold. ' He fcwig |£n J t e ^ k chambers in tiie u jtemp]e, and left no addraw, and wjfjiont news frbm his wife; ..but one hi^uJh6:^Jipught he wpuld pay heia ^tf ^^pre werei ieasofis why^b shouldiiMliave beeri^ficgleday away feom her ade^bm ' hisljeare/was joow sieelea, and hehad Ignored thos^reagphsi' - - i J n The servantrwho opened the dpor said not a word to him. He passed -op into thej dz%wing-inom, fouqdit.iempty, r and then into the chai^ber overh^r;^jre^nette was lying oia' thebed; besid^Wi iw-born mfant. An old nurse, who iwtB jpjfc ipf, rose and left : t!be rooniL * ; " J "_ai . . 1 . you . have i .. ' s!t taBtj'flaberfi* said Jeannette, in ^b$aint r voice. " I was afraia youwouldcoihetoo late." £ ; rt Lord Herbert leaned over and r kiaEed the white lacs. He was conscious-striblcen. "Our child—our baby-daughterl" continued the wife, inclining her head towards the little pink faoe on the pQlow. " You will take care of heir—when—I am gone." "Whatdo you mean?" oried Lord Herbert, bending over the couch. " Are yon not doing well?" •" I—am—dying," murmured the poor Wom&n..; "Hush l Herbert. It is Heaven's decree. '. The chilft^-b&l; her Carmdine—it is a fanoy of mine. "Ton will tiot balk my last wish—will ypi'dalrliiig ?" " Jeannette^earert—live 1—live for my sake—for , ouir Child's. I will acknowledge you .my wife to-morrow—you have the 1 pratrtjv sv-J " Herel 1 ' shs istWt touphing the bosom of her dress. Then she added; "Give me your hand,' dearest." He took her^hknd; it was already cold, but the fingeira pressed his Blightly. He was not maas^of / steel—he was a man, and his tears dtopped 'like run upon the poor, thin white hand. " Do not weep, dearest,." murmured his . wile. Believe me. it is better thus. Kiss: me!. Now'good-night! Baby—do not forget." With a wild cry he wrenohed .his hand from the tightened grasp. He gazed in his wite'e face—it was the face of tleath. " Long he Bat there in the darkened chamber. Alter the firsV bnrst of human, passionate grief, an awe fell upon him. Then, there came awarder feeling, for dissipation^ debt, distress,.had steeled his heart. "Better thus." he muttered.. " It was she who said it... Better to die than to outlive love.* And she is dead. . That yellow waxen figure was once my poor bright Jeannette ! What a soul she had ! But is all over now. l am freel She died just in time."' ,. He lad the nerve,., that permaturely hardened man, to fumble in her dress, and take |orth the certificate of marriage. It . waa the- little sleeping - baby'e birthright, he was robbing both ~the living and the' dead.. As he removed the paper, it seemed as if a trown parsed over the faoe of the corpse, but it was only the wavering of the wax light that produced the effect. Lord Herbert opened the paper and made sure that it was genuine. Then he held it in the flame of the candle till the last inoh was burnt to ashes. The blaze ^ scorched his fingers, but he did not feel the pain. ^ Good- evening, my lordl" said a man's voice, that sounded like thunder in the hush of the death* ohamber. *' Why do you call me my lord?" asked Herbert, turning .on Thomas Wilson. ^'Because it is respectful, Lord Herbert Knightly," answered theman. \- He was" perfectly sober, and perfectly ccol. "Are you aware wheini you ate addreBsrng, "^Perfectly. I am speaking tp Lord Herbert Knightly, my sister's husband." " Prove what you flay. 1 ' "It is very easy to. prove your identity." M But the marriage ?" . Wilson looked blank. - " You do not deny that you were married to yonder dead mother?" "I do deny it, and I challenge you to produce contrary evidence." "You do not deny that your are the father of that child, mylord?" ?' I do not deny that." *' And you propose to abandon the infant?" " I propose to do no such thing. Hear me. I nave a proposition to make to you. You are needy—bo, for the present, am I. Bat I can command money, when I strain a nerve. Here are a hundred pounds for the funeral expenses ^f your unfortunate sister. Aalo'rthe chUd^T offer you five thousand pounds sterling; to take chargi of it—to fidppt and rear it as your own. * H you will call* at my chambers to-morrow at noon, I vrill satisfy you as to the payment. I give you five minutes tb consider the proposition. Beject it, and I will make an arrangement with a stranger. 1 Thomas Wilson did not need five minutes to consider. He aocepted. The nobleman and adventurer ratified- the' bargain by clasping hands over the bed of death. From that moment Lord Herbert did not cast one look upon the face of his dead wife, her whose fair name he had slandered for the sake of her own brother. Without a look at the bed where the silent form of her he had loved lay, he left the room and stole out of the house of death. "To the Carletonl" he ordered almost fiercely, as he sprang into his cab • He Was in full evening dress, lavender kids on his hands, a nosegay in his button-hole. He was engaged for a ball at a duchess* that evening, and he meant to keep his appointment. But first he must have brandy. He drank so deep that one of his acquaintances stood aghast at bis recklessness, and remonstrated. " Mind your own affairs, Westley," retorted Lord Herbert ; "I oan take care of myself." He was as cool, apparently, as if he had swallowed so muoh water, only the guests at thednohess' noticed that he was in unusually high spirits. Lady Fanny Westover was his partner in a quadrille. He hung over her after he had conducted her to her seat, where an old dowager, her ehaperon, was waiting for her. . " Remember, you are mine for the waltz," he whispered. "To-night I monopolize you." v The orchestra soon struck up the symphony of one of Lannier's wildest, most maddening waltzes. "Thisis something like life!" he whispered, as she hung onhis shoulder, and thepace became fast and furious, as a turfman would say. "For what is lite itself bnt one long, wild, whirling waltz ? When we have done .spinning, we sink into the grave—don't yoti see?" " You talk very Btrangely to-night," panted Lady Fanny. «• Do I ? that is because I am in such high spirits. Yon know I love you, and now that I feel the pressure or yDUr hsifd, your perfumed breath upon my cheek, I am in Paradise. Are you happy?" " Yes," was the.murmured reply. Suddenly the musio stopped. They were alone upon the floor. As he led her to her seat he pressed her hand, and the pressure was returned. " Mine ?" he asked, bending down to catch the reply. " Yours wholly,*' was the answer, distinct, though low. The accepted suitor of Lady Fanny Westover 1 And what about the nnboried woman that lay at that moment oh the little white bed in St. John's Wood? Why did that still face, rise amongthe blooming cheeks, and the -lair formB and the glittering diamonds, and \- _ * " " " "Wh»?Wby? There was no accounting for such things; but itW possible to drown a ghost in waves of champagne and Burgubdy. So Lord Herbert drank, bat oould not forget. tio marriage at St. George's, Hanover square, duly chronicled by Jenkins ol&e; mornmg Post, andthe bridegroom wmLord Herbert Knightly; the bride, Lady Fanny Westover. The " happy couple" departed immediately after the wedding breakfast, for an extensive totir on the Continent; "Happy? O!course they were. OHAPIEB Vffl. THE B&S; HUD 01 THE GE0BGE. Years have rolled by. How has Thomas Wilson performed his dutieB §o his Bisters child?—duties he was liberally paid toperform. A few words will tell that story. When Wilson oame into possession of the five thousand pounds—a little fortune—ie really planned turning over a new leaf. He put the child out to a nurse in the country, and the woman who kept her for a few years reared her well, and treated her not unkindly. In the meanwhile Wilson leased a snail pnbfic house, the George Inn, in the town of Warwickshire, and for some years did a prosperous business. His own irregular habits were a drawback to the prosperity of the est&i;^ment, but then hiB housekeeper —an old; ime-eyed widow, Mrs. Brinton—by her Bhar|i management, rather more than made both eiidB meet. WflBon-gave himself out as a widower, ana spoke of his sdaughter J3armeline.^ Atjfce hotrod Sia wagoners put «p°?or the night; bnt that trade was soon ruined by a branch railroad that waB run through the town, so that finally the concern depended principally uponffie patronage of the Tillage topers. When matters came to this pass, Wilson thought of faringifighome little Carmeline and making her uBetali.child as she was. He v had a right ot pasturage for a couple of cows and some sheep, and her services in taking cate of them would cost turn only her feed arid boatd. , . . , One day, according^ when she was about eieht^ears old, he drove out to the village whet/shte lived, and" took her away from her foster-mother. It was a cruel parting for the woman and child loved each other dearly^ {TII be cmitinwdS) HOW THE ' WOMEN WENT TO ' DOVER—1662. The tossing spray of Cocheco's fall Hardened to ice -on its rocky wall,' • As through Dover town, in the chill, gray dawn Three women passed, at the cart tail drawn!, By the meeting house in Salisbury town The sufferers stood, in the red sundown,' Bare ibr the lash ! Oj pitying Night, _ Drop swift thy curtain ! and hide the sight ! "With shame in his eye and wrath on his lip, The Salisbury constable dropped his whip. " This warrant means murder foul and red ; Cursed is he who series it," he said. "Show me the order j and meanwhile strike A blow, at your peril !" said Justice Pike. Qf all the rulers the land possessed, ^Yisfest and boldest was he, and best. ~He spgfgd lat witchcraft; the priest he met • As-man meets, man; his feet he set Beyondjhis old age, standing upright, his face to the morning light. -tiexfesul the:warrant: "These convey From bur precincts ; at every town on thie Way '{jive each ten lashes !'.'.. "God judge the brute I tread his order under my foot, t' 'Cut loose these poor ones and let them go } Come what will of it, all men shall know No warrant is good, though backed by the Crown, For whipping women in Salisbury town!" The hearts of the villagers, half released From creed of terror and rule of priest, By a primal, instinct owned the right Of human pity in law's despite. For ruth and chivalry only slept His Saxon manhood the yeoman kept; ' . Quicker or slower, the same blood ran In the Cavalier and the Puritan. The Quakers sank on their knees in praise And thanks. A last low sunset blaze Flashed out from under a cloud, and shed ^golden glory on each bowed head. The tale is. one of an evil time, * . When souls were fettered, and thought was crime, And heresy's whisper above its breath Meant shameful scourging and bonds and death What marvel, that hunted and sorely tried, Even woman rebuked and prophesied. And soft words rarely answered back The grim persuasion of whip and rack ! If her cry from the whipping post and jail Pierced sharp as the Kenite's driven nails. O woman at ease in these happier days, Forbear to judge of thy sister's ways I How much thy beautiful life may owe To her faith and courage thou canst not know Nor how from the paths of thy calm retreat She smoothed the thorns with her bleeding feet. - —John G. Whitlier in Atlantic Monthly 