Correspondence. PROTECTION. '1-0 THB BD1TOB OF THE KBHCT&F.; Sia,—'That a remarkable change has of late years came over the sentiments of the people of this country, respecting Protection, iB manifest beyond a doubt, especially » this change observable in tbe working men. Five years ago the man who presumed to advocate Protection at a public meeting immediately became tbe object of popular scorn, ridicule, and contumely. But now tbe scene has changed, and the advocate of Protection is listened to, not only with respectful attention, but his arguments meet with unaffected applause. The working men ore evidently waking up to the fact that an important distinction exists between tbeir interests and the interests of tbe importers. 'J hey are begining to recognise also that between their interests and those of the manufacturer and the farmer there is an intimate, even an irresistiblo connection—that as tbey live by the WHges of labour, labour must get scarce in proportion as importations multiply. Such a manifestation in the working men augurs well for the ultimate triumph of Protectionism in Kew South Wales. Nevertheless, it is at the present time above all things desirable that every protectionist should bestow the time and pains neceisary to make himself master of his subject, that he may be prepared to exert himself in every lawful way to procure proselytes to the cause. Let every Protectiunist, then, make it a point with himself to bring up the subject of Protection whenever he can conveniently do so in conversation with his friends, and to show them how tbe system would benefit the community. In this way much might be done to advance the cause. Knowledge—especially political knowledge— iu the people, is ntcessariiy hateful to the leaders of . the freetrade party; it is the foe which of all others they dn-ad most, bacaaas they know full well that tbe more the people are instructed in political knowledge, the mora readily will they discover the hidden fallacies of Freetrade. The Sydney Chamber of Commerce and tho big importers of the colony will of course combine to struggle against the inevitable surrender of their influence in colonial politics; but while their desperation, and consequent denunciations grow, as doubtless they will, stronger and stronger as the enlightenment ot the musses progresses, their power of resistance will finally dwindle down to impotent legislative protests. The present struggle is of a high and elevated character. It is a struggle, so to epeak, between political virtue and political vice—between upshootiog knowledge and old ingrained prejudice and aelflsh monopoly—between principles that seek universal local wellbeing and principles that look only to the license and the wellbeing of the few at tbe expensu and the misery of the many. The struggle between Freetrade and Protec- tion iB now on in this country, despite the falsehood proclaimed by Sir Henry Parked the ether evening at Leichhardt, to tho contrary. He would, if he could, raisj a false issue to the people—would doubtless like to resurrect the Kiama ghost, and so stir up religious rancour as he has done before when a great itsuu was before thecountry. L«t Australiansbewareof this man, m whose constitution there is no spark of love for this country. He is an Englishman by birth, and in sentiment he is English, . His professions of sympathy for Kew South Wales are empty, idle /Tufessions. It is for England pd the Sydney importer that ha would legislate - it is for them he would manipulate the high offices of State in thu country, and continue Sydney as it is now, a mere bazaar for the sale ot bnglish and foreign prison made goods. He would do tins too at a time when thousands of skilled artisans are crying out for employment; when an army of unemployed is dependent for existence upon national charity, and our fanners are suffering from want of markets in which to dispose of their produce. Let then the nnemploytd, the farmers, the manufacturers, the. retail storekeepers, indeed, let all classes that now suffer tram the present depressed state oi tr*de, ask themselves " What benefit should we derive from Sir Henry's return to office ? " He propounds no definite policy with which to meet the present emer«- ency. Piace pay, and patronage are apparently toe only objtct of hia inordinate ambition. He told ua in his speech at Tamworth the other eroaiag that he would make our ports even freer than :thav ate now, and so extinguish load enterprise iu almiMt all us branches. But will Woountrv stand .thisf WIU it much longer toUaate in its public councils a man whose brain ia ao misguided, so infatuated, as to constitute him when in authority a. public nuisance P Let us cope not.—1 am, etc., . OR .. „ JOASR BEBOUJ. . Woollen Mills, Granville, Dao lBth, 1886. S B - BJ)., desire. n» to state that he was not conneoted with the Anglican Mission in Mauritius, as reported in a recent issue. He was attached to the Free Union Church Mission. He baa also shown ns a letter from Mr. Levy, solicitor, in which that gentleman states that, as far as he is able to judge, the credentials submitted by Mr. Anderson are genuine. _Speaking at iWreoent interview wjith the Premier and the Minister for fPorlc* concerning the loop Tine, Mr. N. a. BuU- M.L.A.. maintained that a bridge across George's Biver at Liverpool was most urgently neoesaary. Ho fewer than 28 people had been drained there of late jream in crossing the river. For the last fortnight it had been impossible for anyone to aroaa from Holdawotthy to Liverpool. 1} the sihray waremad«, the fedgeoooldt&atha; ordinvytiaffiowireU^tbrtVnttl. ? 