€6SS!P. Melbourne Gossip. By Marmion. Great preparations are being made for what is called an opera carnival, to be held in the Exhibi tion building, for the benefit of the Chair of Music or the Conservatoire, as the case may be. It will take the shape of a large fancy fair, in which each stall will be managed by a group of ladies, costumed so as to represent the characters in a well-known opera.. Something like 20 of these compositions have been selected for illustration, and, as the dresses will be those of a great many countries and a great many epochs, it is proposed that a series of pageants and tableaux vivants shall be organised as an additional attraction. For this purpose the artists of Melbourne * have been invited to form themselves into a committee of taste and selection, under the chairmanship of Mr. James Smith, of the Argus, and are holding frequent meetings for the arrangement of preliminaries. 1 may be permitted to doubt, however, whether they will succeed in producing a spectacle compar able with that presented by the Town Hall, the other evening, on the occasion of the children's fancy dress ball, given by Mrs. Stewart, the Mayoress of Melbourne. In hundreds of households special preparations had been made to lend an additional grace and beauty to the younger members of the flock; and in many instances the result, from an artistic point of yiew» was gratifying in the extreme. There was, of course, the usual proportion of costumes which were costly without being correct, and showy without being picturesque ; there were some that were simply grotesque and fantastic and altogether unmeaning ; but there were also others which reminded you of famous -masteqiieces of the painter's art, seen through the wrong end of an opera'glass; and the sight of up wards of a thousand little people, arrayed in every conceivable variety of garb, incessantly in motion, and presenting a constant interchange of all the colours Tcnown to Chevrenl, was as bewildering as it was beautiful. ' Who drives fat oxen should himself be fat ' may be a very good cuctiyn in its way, but the cognate contention that a commissioner of insolvency should himself be insolvent is oae which would scarcely be insisted upon. Unfortunately for his family, the estate of the late Ju^ge of the Bankruptcy Court, Mr. Noel, will have to be administered for the benefit of his creditors by the learned gentleman who has succeeded him. Melbourne has just lost one of its oldest citizens by the death of Mr. F. R. Wailen, formerly a merchant in Trinidad, Philadelphia, Londonderry, Liverpool, and this city, in which he has resided ever since 1852. He was in the 96th year of his age, and up to within a few days of his death he was to be seen trotting up and do wn the sunny side of the Bur wood-road,. Hawthorn, and looking as if he would live to be a hundred. Excepting that he was slightly deaf, he was in the full possession of his faculties,, and his cheerfulness resembled that of old Adam in ' As You Like It,' for his age ' was as a lusty winter — cold but kindly.' He went out to the West Indies in 1815, and was the first to convey the news of the battle of 'Waterloo to those colonies. On landing at Trinidad he hastened to Government House, where lie was refused an interview with the Governor because he was entertaining a dinner party ; but by dint of per sistent effort, and in consequence of the assurance that he was the bearer of important intelligence, he succeeded in making his way to the dining-room, where he announced the great and glorious victory of Wellington, the flight of Napoleon, and the sanpe \ qui ptul of the French army. The news was received with incredulity, but Mr. Wailen happened to be the sole possessor on board the vessel of a copy of the Times newspaper, and the production of this silenced all scepticism. As a matter of course, the excitement and exultation of theparty were unbounded, and it was not the fault of the host if the new-comer who brought such welcome tidings was not 'flustered with flowing eups.' Many anecdotes have been current from time to time with respect to the influence which the perform ance of certain stage plays has had upon the con sciences or the emotions of particular spectators and listeners ; but I do not remember ever to have heafd of a case in which a recitation has been productive of so remarkable a consequence as-that which has just resulted fmm a public reading, or rather a delivery from memory, of the ' Christmas Carol ' of Charles Dickens, by Mr. Locke Richardson, in this city, a few nights ago. Many years since the. only, daughter of a wealthy colonist, who was a widower, contracted what her father regarded as a misalliance, although in reality there was nothing in the young husband to object to, except, his circumstances, which wcre.some what straitened. He was well educated, respectably connected, and of good, character. But the lady's father had higher views with respect to his daughter's settlement in life, and when she persisted in marrying the man of her choice the offended parent turned his back upon and disinherited her. Meanwhile the young couple took up the burden of their lives and jogged along conten tedly and happily upon a small income, which seemed, however, to expand commensuTately with the increas ing demands of an increasing family. The wife's father spent some years in travel, and returned to the colony some months ago. The other evening he was among the audience at the recitation spoken of above, and the story of old Scrooge and of the transforma tion which his character and conduct underwent after his interview with the three ghosts touched this parti cular listener to the quick. He wrote on the same night to his daughter, and next morning she, her husband, and lier family were gathered round her father's breakfast table, and under the plate of each guest was a cheque, in token of recon ciliation and as a measure of atonement. Such, at least, is the statement made to mej by. one of the party. ' These are my failures,' said Beau Brummell to a friend who Was staring at a valet as he left the dandy's dressing-room, with a score or two of rumpled white neckerchiefs on his arm. Our failures in the way of periodical literature in this colony have been equally numerous; and 'one more unfortunate', lias just gone the way of its predecessors, after a feeble exis tence of three months only. As the rate of pay . was merely nominal, and the articles appeared anony mously, its principal contributors were amateurs. One of the writers was particularly rough on the ?working men of Australia ; and hence the following epitaph, which has been privately printed and circu lated : — ' Bravo sons of toil, combino To drop one mighty tear At Truth and Wisdom's shrine, Who cow lie buried hero. Tho foe who pressed us very 6ore With many a cut and thrust, Is now, himself, alas ! no more — The magazine has bust ! Although we felt its angry stab, ! We prie vo that it should cease ; So mark upon its marble slab These words — ' Its end was peace ! * Its span of life was veiy brief — One quaiter of a yoar ; Then death advanced to its relief, It was so very dear ! ' A French literary club has just been established in this city, and will hold its first meeting on Friday evening next, under the presidency of Mr. James Smith, and the direction of Mr. G. Le Roy. Its object is to promote oonversational fluency and literary discussions in that language ; and it is in tended, after a' time, to embrace both Italian and Spanish, and probably German, within the sphere of -1 its operations. Australians are like Americans : as soon as they have made money they travel, and people begin to find out that to go through a foreign country without being able to speak its language, robs them of half the pleasure of travel, besides exposing them to become the prey of hotel-keepers, guides, the cus todians of public buildings, and shopkeepers. The prospects of the new theatre — the Alexandra — do not appear to be very brilliant just now, and the ? start has not been altogether a promising one. The manageress is new to Melbourne, and has not had time to gauge the public taste. In selecting a vulgar three- act farce of the 'Pink Pominoes' stamp to open with, an error of judgment was committed, which was not redeemed by the engagement of a scratch company to represent it. And there can be ! no doubt that this place of amusement is prejudiced by its surroundings, which are decidedly unsavoury. But an Italian opera company has been secured in Italy, and if it prove to be an efficient one, the public, surfeited of opera bouffe, sung by worn-out voices, may be expected to flow into the Alexandra in re munerative streams. Since its erection some awkward complications are reported, to have arisen with respect to- the site on which it is erected. . This was leased to' M. Jonbert, and the other shareholders in the under taking, by the reputed heirs of the lateMr. Porter, formerly prothonotary of the Supreme Court.' .But now, as I am informed, a natural son of that gentle- , man has turned up with a deed of gift executed by the late owner to the mother of the claimant. If so, there will be some pickings out of the estate for the i the lawyers. Her Majesty's Opera-house is emerging from the cloud which has so long obscured its fortunes. It was opened on Saturday evening, under the joint manage ment of Messrs. Brough and Boucicault, with a capitalist at their back. They have just returned from the mother country, where they have engaged a good company, which includes Mr. E. W. Royce, who is excellent in a character part, and is said to be one^ of the best burlesque actors on the English stage ; Mr. W. EverarA, a jeu-ie premier of agreeable quality; Miss Homer and others. In addition, the new managers have secured an exceed ingly clever scenic artist in the person of Mr. W. B. Spong, and on accomplished musical conductor and composer, M. Stanislaus, who has organised a capital orchestra of 16 performers, and intends to make Uie musical intermezzi a feature in the evening's entertainment. Of late years, in the other theatres, they have been calculated for the most part to drive people with sensitive ears outside the building between the acts. The season has com menced well* and Mr. Brough and Jus wife are such favourites that this theatre is sure to become popular. Meanwhile, there is a temporary ebb in the prosperity of the Royal, where two pieces which have been great London successes have met with scant favour either from the critics or the public. Mr. Stewart has been re-elected Mayor of Melbourne for the ensuing year ; but it seems very ? doubtful whether he can, or will, accept the honour.. He is the ? junior and most active member of one of .-our leading legal firms, and his partners are naturally averse to liis renewed occupation of a post which necessarily makes such large demands upon his lime, and abstracts so much of his attention from business. He, himself, is equally disinclined to accept the distinc tion for a second time for his hospitalities have been 60 liberal as to necessitate large drafts upon his private means, and these, in all likelihood* would be much heavier in the J ubilee year. On the other hand, the City Council and Mr. Stewart's fellow-citizens generally are exceedingly anxious that he should be Mayor of Melbourne at this particular time rather than Mr. Benjamin, upon whom the office will otherwise devolve by rotation. . Mr. Benjamin is a worthy member of society, rich and respectable ; but it is no disparagement to him to say that he is not of the same intcllcctual calibre as Mr. Stewart — he would not make so good a figure in the public de monstrations which may be expected to take place ; and * that the citizens of Melbourne would like to see the outgoing Mayor become the recipient of any honours which Royalty may think fit to confcr upon the chief magistrate of the principal cities of Australasia. 