Sagacity.--nstances of the sagacity of dogs are quite innumerable. A Massachusetts paper adds one to the list, exhibiting this intelligent animal in a new capacity,- that of rewspapcr carrier. Passengers on the after noon "scoot" train from Springfield may daily witness in Westfield an instance of canine intelligence that is quite worthy to go on reconl. Soon after the train passes the trap-rock quarry, on the outside of the track used by eastward bound trains, a dog can be seen racing along with the cars until a paper is thrown off by the baggage-master. The dog instantly seizes it, and, after giving a bark of acknowledgement, trots down the enbank ment to the house of his owner not far away. The sagacious animal is apparently of New foundland and St. Bernard breed, and for three or four years as acted as news-carrier in the way described. Every day except Sunday, summer and winter, he goes to his post on the track at about the time the train is due. and there awaits the throwing of the paper. It is said that he not only knows the hour when the train should come along, but that on one day in seven there is no need of his services. Apparently the dog has also learned to know the whistle of his train from any other, for if in the road oryard whenthe wlhistleis sounded,half a mile down the track, he rushes for his station. Difficulty is a severe instructor, set over us by the supreme ordinance of a parental guardian and legislator, who knows us better than we know ourselves, and he loves us better too. He that wrestles with us, strengthens our nerves, and sharpens our skill. Our antagonist is our helper. This amicable conflict with difficulty obliges us to intimate acquaintance with our object, and compels us to consider it in all its rela tions. It will not suffer us to be sunerficial. Customs of the Omaha Indians.-The Omahas, it appears, form a nation with a considerable body of ordinances. Their su preme chief is the "sacred pole." It is a cotton-tree which, wanting a ruler, they felled two hundred years ago, and, having put hair on its head, invested with authority. It is regularly greased. A prominent warrior is believed to have lost his leg from omitting to grease the pole. Scalps are offered to it. Omahas are imaginative in their names. Among them are" Rusty-yellow Corn husk," " Stomach Pat," "Forked Lightning Walks," " She who is Returning Bellowing," and "She who is Made Muddy as She Moves." Omaha matrimonial law is based, like that of most primitive clans, on the view that the community has all the same ancestors. An Omaha may not wed his deceased wife's sis. ter unless the dying wife should have said to her brother, "Pity your brother-in-law. Let him marry my sister." Polygamy, within limits, is lawful, with the first wife's consent. A man may not lawfully speak to his wife's grandmother. So strict is the Omaha etiquette about mothers-in- law that a son-in-law will fly from the roomin which his mother-in-law happens to be. Omahas are cleanly in their habits; they bathe daily. An untidy man or woman is nicknamed "The man who does not wash hishands,"or"The woman who does not comb her hair." They are so redoubtable as archers that they can send an arrow right througha buffalo. Theyare skilful in games, one of which, described as shooting at the rolling wheel, might be popular in Europe. Dancing, however, is their favorite pastime; and they have a variety of societies or clubs, each of which owns a characteristic dance. There is the rare buffalo dance, danced after the recovery of a patient by doctors, who may invite members of the horse dance, and not of the wolf dance. The grizzly bear dance has not been danced for ten years. Its dancers paint their bodies yellow, and one wears a grizzly bear's skin. The scalp dance is a woman's dance. In the ghost dance no woman may join.. Cheer for the Bed-room.-The furnituur of a country bed-room should never beheavy. Exquisite suits of commonpine, covered with cretonne or sateen, are now admired more than wood; but ash, oak, or satin-wood, are still the conventional materials. Draped dressing-bureaus or "tables" are extremely pretty. They are merely pine structures covered with frills and flounces, and holding an upright mirror from which falls a sweep of effective drapery. A garniture of bows and even artificial flowers is permitted, but the latter are always in dubious taste, and better not tampered with. A bedstead of' bram or nickel, hung with white curtains, is ow Salt is Made at Syraeizae-Ti water is pumped from the wells sad stored in large reservoirs, from which itisdrawn of and conveyed to the-several blocks where It trces theonh h _ & ,ot al lmeogs. umup wres settles, thirty-ix inches in di ameter. These vessels extend the whole length of the buildingand are filled with the brine. The huge furnaces are then started up, and the work of evaporating goes on. The at is driven under the kettlesby means of powerful blowers. The eraporation of a kettle of water takes from five tothirtyhours, according to its proximity to the fire. The salt is dipped out of the kettle in oval shovels and placed in baskets, where it is al lowedto drip fora few honrs. Itisthen thrown into a huge bin to be removed to another building. The refuse from the evaporation is called" bittern," and is of a chalky, pasty substance. It is discharged into a waste drain. The salt is carried into a four story build ing, where it first passes through a solution of acids for purpose of decomposing the chlorides. This is called the washing process. The saltis then sifted to drain off the pickle. and falls into the cellar, where it remains for some time. It is shovelled into a large bin, from which it is carried in caps on a belt to a boiler twenty.-six feet long. The interior of this boiler contains several spiral parti tions running lengthwise, and upon which the salt works its way until it is deposited in a bin at the other end. It becomes thoroughly dry by this process. Cups again take it and carry it to an upper floor in the building, where it goes through a sifting and grinding process. The salt intended for dairy pur poses is ground upon granite rollers, while that for table use passes through an ordinary flooring mill. The article is now ready for use, and all that remains is to properly prepare it for shipping. In the front of the building is a railroad track, while in the rearis the Erie Canal. The articleis put up in bags, boxes, t and barrels. In the packing-room a num- I ber of girls are emploped. In putting up the I salt they usually work in pairs. One girl I fills a bag and then passes it to her com panion, who, with a fewqnick stitches, closes I the end. They are paid from eight to twenty cents per hundred bags,according to thesize, and a smart girl can earn on an average about ( a dollar and aquarter a day. The article is then ready to be sent to all parts of the country. It must first be inspected, and a penny duty collected for every bushel mannu factured. The salt springs are all worked by ! private individuals, who lease the property for a term of ninety.nine years. Lightning Stroke inthe Bocky Moun tains.-The curious case of G. S. Edwards, who wa. struck by lightning while crossing Iron Hill, at Leadville, Colorado, on Jnly 4 is attracting considerable interest among scientific men. After the flash, Mr. Ed wards remained unconscious for fifteen minutes before receiving assistance. The lirhtning struck him on the left cheek, and after knocking out a .number of his teeth passed diagonally across the breast to the right side. It then descended the body to the foot, emerging from the right boot. It passed entirely through the foot, leaving a hole similar to that made by a bullet. The clothing was torn into fragments, particles being found a distance of two hundred feet. Both of the boots were entirely destroyed, and one of them carried sixty feet away. The ground where the man was standing was t?m up for a considerable distance. The ,:.urse of the electric current along the body ras marked by a black and red streak one and a half inches wide. The worst effect of the streak seems to have been on the lungs. .t severe hemorrhage was produced, by which Squart of blood was lost. In addition to cahse injuries,the surface of the body was :lmost covered with blisters; the result of rgly burns. This, we believe, is the first authentic record of a person being injured by igchtning at an elevation of 10,500 feet. It is remarkable such severe internal injuries were not followed by death. The United States Commissioners are still continuing their labors in the direction of acclimatising flatfish to American waters, which are nearly as well suited to the Pleuronetcide as English waters. Several attempts have been made to transmit them from England alive, but hitherto with little success. Information has, however, reached us to the effect that fifty soles during last month were sent by the Derby Museum authorities at Liverpool, twenty-five of which reached their destination alive. Prof. Baird, the Chief Commissioner, states that the fish are in a thriving condition and feed well. They have been placed in a suitable habitat at Washington Station, and are being watched with special care, The soles, which are about three inches long, were transmitted in class globes attached to the ceiling of the cabin of the S.S. Britannie. This method minimises the risk of injury to the fish through the oscillation of the vessel, as the receptacles being swung, more backwards and forwards with the motion of the steamer. The National Fish Culture Association intend forwarding to America another consignment of flatfish next mouth in order to assist the operations of the Commissioners. The sole is a very delicate fish, and cannot withstand the strain of protracted journeys. During a severe thunderstorm whims passed over Central Norway recently a re markable example of the power of lightning was witnessed. In a field at Lfiten a fir-tree 80 feet in height was struck by lightning some 12 feet from the ground, with the effect that the tree was cut in halves and the upper portion- about 60 feet in length-thrown a distance of several yards. The most curious part, is, however, that the surface of the detached part is as smooth as if the tree had been sawn through, whilst that of the stump remaining in the ground is jagged, charred, and splintered to the root. The ground around the tree is furrowed in all directions, one being several feet in width and depth, and extending for some 10 yards. A spruce. tree close by shows a farrow an inch in width running from a height of 6 feet down to the root5 Sea Water as a Preservative.-The Vigo Bay Treasure Company, of London, lately received a curious collection of articles taken from the treasure galleons sunk in the harbor of Vigo, Spain, 1702. There are spe cimens of logwood and mahogany that in spite of their 184 years'submersion, are in perfect state of preservation. Dyers who have experimented with the logwood state it is even better for dyeing purposes thanthe wood now imported. The mahogany, too, is very fine and solid. One log has arrived 12 feet longand 22 by 23 inches square, which is nowbeing sawed upto be used inthe manufacture of furniture and walking sticks for mementoes. The chief curiosity, how. ever, is an ancient pulley block, 41 feet high by 3 feet broad, with four solid copper sheaves, 18 inches in diameter. It is of solid oak, and was probably used in hoisting heavy articles of merchandise or the anchors. The wood is perfectly preserved, but an iron hand is completely corroded away, while the cop per wheels are only slightly oxidized. Mr. C. A. Wheeler, Swindon, gives the following remedy for warts on the hands of milkers. Night and morningapply a saturated solution of salt in brown pickling vinegar. Let the owner of the hand take a pint bottle nearly filled with best brown pickling vine. gar: drop in a little table salt, shake, and and more; continue this till the rinegar wi'l not take up more. The application may be at any convenient tie--twioe or thrice daily. There is bnt one thing without honor; smitten with eternal barrenness, inability to do or to be, insincerity, unbelief. He who believes nothing, who believes only the show of thiings, is not in rsalation with natunse or act at all. 