BRITISH & FOREIGN. THE FRENCH IN MADAGASCAR. STARTLING ACCOUNTS. A correspondent, writing to theMadagascar Hmeson July 27, gives this description of " A Tour Up the East Coast""I nave not been able to give you any news since last March, as I have been in Tamatave, and the French open or steal people's letters. Once I received two papers two days after the letters had been delivered, and after the Postmaster had told me there was nothing for me. AU my Malagasy Gazettes have been stolen from the packets. About Tamatave there is little to say that is not well known to you alL The French are tired of the war, and are dying with fever like flies. I never saw a day in Tamatave without two or three funerals, soldiers and inhabitants. About two or three weeks before I left it was re ported that fifty-four French soldiers died at Vohimar in the space of a week with a kind of cholera. A band of ' disciplinaires' (about 150) were landed at Tamatave, but had to be Bent back to Reunion after two or three week a' stay. All the volunteers have finished their time, and not a single one agreed to renew his engagement. This vexed the Admiral, and so ne kept them there against their will. It was reported that a French officer received a ball through the neck at Diego Suatez when they attacked that fort. If any one wishes to starve let him go to Tamatave. You cannot get a piece of beef except as a favour and paying a shilling a ponnd for it, and three-quarters bone. Eggs ten for a dollar. In fact Tamatave is a place where no one can stay for several reasons. Many foreigners are leaving Tamatave, and most of the French (those who signed the petition) are praying God to see the war over. They are all saying—' Where are the good times we had with the Hovas ?' and, 'how glad we should be if we were British subjects." Now it appears they have dis covered their mistake and regret what they have done. The Jesuit priests hare a good time of this war. They are sowing dis order in every family in Tamatave by taking their servants for Catechism, and the women also ; but the women go at another time of the day. Two priests, Fathers Chevalier and Lacombe, came to me about five or six times to take away the natives in my employ, but I was at length obliged to threaten to put them out of my house, and then they left me quiet until I left. They have the reputation of carrying on the most scandalous doings. They have no children at school, and wish to debauch all people's servants. It appears that they are the prin cipal people desirous of seeing the war over, bb they are afraid the Protestant missionaries will take away all their fiddles. 1 was always surrounded by certain people who call them selves British subjects trying to find out what was going on, and at last one told me that I had better leave Tamatave as soon as possible. I merely replied ' AU right, let them turn me out.' I next made a trip to St. Mary Island, taking a passage on board the French man-of-war Komanche. It would require a ream of paper to relate the disorder existing on beard of her. I was treated most shame fuUy. As soon as we left Tamatave an officer came to me and ordered me to go forward, and I was obliged to stay on deck among sneep ana cows, ana auring tne whole night I could not find a place to shelter myself from the rain, and 1 was wet through. The next morning they kept me until 10 before they gave me a passage to go ashore, although we had arrived soon after midnight. Nothing surprised me so much as to hear the quarrels between officers and crew. It is shameful for France to have such men to represent her. I preferred to return to Tama tave on board a small schooner. After nearly three months in Tamatave I pud a two days' visit to Fenoarivo. From there I went to Manaharana. where I was wellreceived by the Governor, who gave me a bullock, as well as teeBe, ducks, fowls, and rice. From Mana arana I paid a visit to Maroantsetra, where a cordial reception was given me by the Gover nor and officers. I then came here, where I was received in a manner utterly beyond all my expectations. The day after I landed the Lieutenant-Governor came down to visit me, and welcomed me with presents, including a bullock. After my snip left I went up country to visit the Governor at Ambo hitsara, Here too I was welcomed to a well prepared breakfast. How different were the receptions made to me by the Hovas and the one the French gave me. At Tamatave I was like an enemy, a spy, a ghost, and still I was among civilized men (so I am told) and here where I am amongst barbarians (as the French say) I feel happy as amongst friends. If all the foreigners in this country had known how to behave themselves I am sure every one would find himself like me, for it iB very easy to live in good relations with the Hovas." The same paper publishes the following on September 3.:—"According to later accounts by a vessel from Tamatave the moral check on the French consequent upon their repulse at Isahamafy haB been very great. On the evening of the 10 th inst. some of the Malagasy approached quite near Tamatave and burnt down several houses. The newspaper in Tamatave in a rambling article written in very bad French dis countenances the idea altogether of there having been an attack, but calls it a ' recon naissance d'un Bucces heureuz et bclatant de tous les points de vue, except that there were a few wounded.' To form an idea, However, of the actual hand-to-hand fight that took place, one of the Malagasy spear men took a very good silver watch and chain belonging to one of the French officers who was either wounded or killed, and was being dragged away by his comrades. -This watch ana chain is not likely to be worn by the captor, and if the French officers at Tamatave were to mention the name of the . here might easily try and arrange with the spearman to have it returned for a reasonable price. The Malagasy are much more hardy since their victory. A few days after the battle two of the Hova pickets captured ten oxen in charge of some French gendarmes near Tamatave. The gendarmes pursued and succeeded in recovering eight of their oxen, and the Hovas carried off two only. These are the specimens of the kind of guerilla war which may ilast for years unless France leaves Madagascar to the Malagasy." On October 7 we have this aiticle headed: —•"The ShoutB of Victory, Victorious Hova Troops Enter the City. A Captured Tricolour Borne in Triumph Through Antananarivo.'—Our city-of-a-thousand-vil lages, as the name of Madagascar's capital implies, has thus far had no popular oelebra tion whereby to mark the year 1885 until we come to last Thursday's triumphal entry of the victorious Bova troops from the north west of the island. The year 1883 was marked by the accession of the young Queen to a country plunged into what everybody pre dicted as a futile contest against a great and civilized European Power, and the tremendous gathering that assisted at her coronation, thongh of a most gorgeous and popular character, was overclouded with the coming and uncertain responsibilities of the task. As events developed themselves the young Queen and her Ministers straggled through the troubled waters of a wolfand-lamli diplomacy until in July, 1884, she again summoned her people, and standing over thousands of glittering bayonets and countless bristling spears she declared a -war to the bitter end; and the appeal was responded to by a war cry of determination, which the French have lately had occasion to listen to themselves, bnt which hitherto had been considered as only a demonstrative bravado, eo few foreigners indeed there are who seem to properly understand the natioaal character of the Hovas. By a strange and perhaps providential coincidence just auother year has elapsed, and a new impetuB is given to the national sentiment by the receipt of the news of two decisive victories; and the return of the North • West expedition has been the signal of a spontaneous outburst of popular feeling, which is likely to be the distinguishing feature in the course of events for the year 1885. The Hovas are a vindictive, determined, revenge ful, and fighting people, bnt so many of the foreigners here read Madagascar history so sballowly that they will net yet be convinced of it. whenEadamaI.,Kingof Madagascar, some seventy years ago girded a few yards of calico round "his loins and led expeditions 500 miles on foot, subdued, subjugated, enslaved, and massacred Sakalava tribes, those expeditions were the germB of a kingdom established by rights imprescriptible by the laws of nations, but which the succeeding monarchs have never intended to lose hold of. A period of relapse into peace and consequent luxury and apathy has engendered a feeling very prevalent that after all the Hovas are only a hill tribe, and that these scenes of bloody expeditions seventy years ago are still open to the un principled intrigues of Asiatic slavedealera and French colonist schemes. Events hav* shown that what has been done can yet be accomplished with more determination, vigour, and administrative capacity than ever. We all know what Badama accom plished. The year 1885 has been the epoch of a similar aggressive policy, which has had the effect of striking fresh terror into the heart of the Sakalava. In our number of June 17. 1885, page 221, wiH be found the dispatch of the expedition, which was allowed six months to accomplish its task. Andriantsilavo, 14th hononr, was in command, and Colonel Shervinton aooom oanied the expedition. Here is the extract from Andrianteilavo's speech to the Queen before leaving' When it is the good will of Thee the Ruler to appoint and chooBe from the thousand the fondling of thy own hearth to be the first to take the field, fat order to restore peace to thy land and kingdom in the north, be confi dent indeed, 0 Lady, for if Frenchman are there, we will annihilate them; if Sakalava who deny their Queen, we will crush them to pieces. We will make those Sakalava like unto the dung with which we plaster up the holes of tharice stores, and they shall see darkness, f or is it not so, ye soldiers t Especially too when other nations are look ing on at thee in thy work of defending thy land and kingdom, we will see that thou shalt not have canse to be ashamed, for God has left this land and kingdom to thee; and we are bold to give our wealth and oar in telligence and onr strength, nay too, and our lives, for the defence of this land and thy kingdom, as long as thou art not acknow ledged sole Queen of thiB island. For is it not bo, 0 ye soldiers? Long life among thy people, O Lady, and may affliction never come unto thee! If any of as sol diers now appointed should turn, from the road, or desert or turn his back on the enemy, or lose his weapons, we will not hear of it. For is it not so, O ye soldiers?' It is not difficult to understand that after the expedition had scarcely been gone four months, after having travelled 475 miles, gained a complete victory over both French and Sakalava, and returned over the same distance with only twenty killed and fou wounded, three or four left behind by sick ness, and the few deserters who were sum marily shot, it Is not difficnlt to understand that this expedition received an ovation, the Scpularity of which was not a little enhanced y the already happy mood in which th» people feel themselves consequent upon their victories at Tamatave. At 12 o'clock last Thursday two companies of the Queen's Guards, with officers and a band of music, left town to escort, the troops in, and it was nearly. 2. when the cannon commenced firing to announoe the triumphant procession. The streets were crowded with people for 4 miles, banners of welcome and garlands were hung in some parts, and bands of women, probably the relations of the returning troops, were stationed on the balconies clapping their hands to keep time to qoaint and curious melodies in honour of the victors. The pro cession was stretched over quite a mile; first came the 200 guards in red coats and black cotton trousers, and mounted officers, and a band of music which, as in all other countries, was patronisingly followed by an indescribable crowd of small boys. Then came the troops. At the head were three little drummer boys, who looked none the worse for their 475 miles march. The soldiers marched four deep. All looked very hardy men, and certainly very cheerful on the occa sion. The officers came last in palanquins, the highest of rank being tbe last of all accord ing to Malagasy etiquette. The officers had evidently been all picked men, and many of them would hardly be taken for Asiatics. Andriantsilavo, the General in command, is a corpulent man, with adecidedly European face and long side-whiskers. The chief object of attraction, however, was the symbolical trophy borne in front of the officer in command. This consisted first of four Sakalava captives, French officers' coats, helmets, rifles, cart ridges, &c.;, the whole surmounted by a French flag taken in battle. The officers were loudly cheered all along the road, and at length arrived at Andohalo, where they passed the flagstaff of the French Consulate. Before the French priests were driven out they boasted that we should soon see the French flag in the capital, and many were the;remarks |mode apropos of this incident last Thursday. The whole procession (lien proceeded to the Royal Palace, where the Queen reviewed her troops and thanked them. >No foreigner took any part in the* proceedings. On Saturday a military ban quet was given at the Palace in honour of the victory." From the paper of the same date we take the following account of the " Battle of Befitina" "Although we mentioned a fortnight age that there had been some severe fighting on the North-West Coast, in Pasandava Bay, we were not then in possession of the full facts which we now have, and which, appearing in the same number in connection with the re turn to the city of the victorious troops, will be read with increasing interest The troons left here in June, and were allowed six months to subdue the Sakalava who are in the immediate vicinity of Nosi-be. Very little apparently is known of this part, l>ut it appears tolerably clear that it is the scene of iniquitous disorder consequent upon the French intrigues. There are great numbers el Indians. Mussulmans, and persons con nected witHi the African slave trade there. The majority of these are properly speaking British subjects, but as their occupations ana means of livelihood are confined chiefly to the coast, where for years they have come in contact vrith the French of Nori-be, it can readily be understood that there is very little national sentiment or politioal sentiment about them, provided they can carry on their unlawful traffic. At the pre sent moment, and for several months, there has been much dissension between this mixed population and the French, because the latter are trying to levy taxes or forced labonr upon them for the purpose of erecting fortifications. Then we have the Mozambiques and the Sakalava. The Mozambiques, as we all know, are free subjects as far as the Queen of Madagascar iB concerned, but we doubt very much about the freedom of many of them up there. The French, it will be observed, always lay great stress upon the word Saka lava. Of course there are countless clans of pure Sakalava, but this part of the country which is the seat of French scheming is a mixture of Muslim, Mozambique, and Saka lava. We would here remark that after the present war is settled it is highly advisable for the British Government to place a Consul in that part of the island. He would pro tect the Indian interests, he could keep our Government' informed of what is going on, and by occasional communications with men of-war he would exercise a great check on the slave traffic with Africa which the French tacitly sanction. In the bottom of the bay opposite Nosi-be will be observed a river marked on many maps as the Sangoa. The proper name is Jangoa, pronounced Dzangoa. A town on this river was the chief seat of the inhabitants over whom the French held sway. The town is also called Jangoa. A few miles northward is the famous Am bodimadiro, where Admiral Le Timbre hauled down the Hova flag, and where the French are building a fort. It was for the purposs of attacking this part of the island that the Hova expedition was sent. After marching for several weeks the Hovas, with Colonel Shervinton, came within 60 miles of Jangoa, and the French had already heard , of their approach. The French Go vernor then wrote to the chief of Jangoa in the Sakalava language informing him that Hova troops would arrive, and that he would send soldiers to help them and cut off their approach. The country is very mountainous ana covered with impenetrable forest. The French evidently calculated without their host, for Colonel Shervinton ordered a new road 10 miles long to be cut through the forest. This task required three days and a half, and at midnight of the fourth day they em?r;;?d w t0 the V^n within 8 miles of the town, and before daylight they had surrounded it. The town was sacked and burnt. Great quantities of booty were secured. Amongst the articles taken was an Indian dagger belonging to the Sakalava cnief, which has been presented to the Queen of Madagascar. The French at Ambodimadiro heard of the capture of Jangoa, and came out to prepare to attack the Hovas. The latter also puahed north ward in the direction of Ambodimadiro, and three days after the capture of the town the armies met at a place called Befitina. The French had 250 of their own troops, who were seen coming.over some rising ground early one morning. They had three machine gnns. The Hovas were furnished with Hotohkiss guns. At a distance of about 650 yards the two bodies halted and com menced firing. Almost at the first firing of the Hotchkiss gun the French officer in com mand was shot, his head being nearly severed from his body, The French 'kept up a rapid firing, but their mitrailleuses were very badly managed. While this was going on an army of Sakalava appeared on the flora right wing. A motley crowd they were, armed with double-barrel shot guns and a perfect museum of old arms furnished by the French. The floras had a very near escape from being surprised, bnf after all they had very little difficulty in putting their enemy to flight. Then would have been the time for , the Frenoh to advance, it would have in- : spired vigour into their ' allies' the Sakalava, bnt they stood looking on while the flovas inflicted a defeat upon them. Seeing that the French bad missed their only chance of sue cess the flovas now took courage and 400 of them, with a. war-whoop, rushed on to the hesitating French. The Hovas were quite down upon them before the French were aware of it, and after a desultory and very short feint at resistance they broke ranks and fled promiscuously. A French snbaltern stood to his guns and directed them per sistently on any attempt to capture them. The flovas then pursued the flying enemy for several miles down to the riverside and cut them down. It is estimated that more than 100 ont of the 250 are missing. Next morning the bay was covered with boats to pick up the refugees. The firing of the Hovas was very effective. Had not the French Adjutant been killed at the first onBet the battle might have had a very different result. The actual killed among the French soldiers in the engagement was forty. One Frenchman was found dead in a tree, where he had gone to shoot; a Frenchman's arm was also found hanging in a tree. The Hova loss was 8 killed ana 14 wounded." 