Pursuant to a fairly representative requisition from 252 ratepayers, a first step in local ootion will lie taken | ou Saturday next by polling the citi zens on the question of any further issues of publicans' Hocuses \yitliiu tlie Municipality. So little is done, as a rule, by the Brisbane Govern ment to popularise the knowledge of the statutes passed during each ses sion, that many persons have proba bly for the lirst time become aware, through the advertisements having reference to this movement, that the Liccnsi- q Act of 1SS5 legalises the principle of local option in three gra duated stages of diminishing severity. Any number of ratepayers amounting to not less thau one-sixth ol' the total of any municipality, ward, or other completely deiined muuicipal divi sion may demaud a poll to be taken ou one or more of the following re.so lutious : — 1\. That the sale of intoxicating liquors shall bs prohibited. | 2\. Tbat the uuuiber of licenses shall be reduced to a certain number, specified In the notice, not being less thau two thirds of the existing number. 3\. That no new license^ shall be grauted. Of these the first, which is identical in aim with that of the miscalled aud now obsolete 'Permission Bill 'that used to be the haunting ghost of every Australian sessiou two or three years ago, requires a two- tliirds ma jority of the ratepayers to become 'effective. The second and the third take effect on being approved res pect.ively by simple majorities. This distinction is lair enough. The total prohibition of the sale of wine, ale, or spirits, save as medicine, within any area would involve such hard I ship aud iucouvenience on many in dividuals, that nothing short of a fixed determination ou part of an absolute majority could justity it; aud eveu with this safeguard it seems to us to savor somewhat too strongly of party tyranny, especially since ihe prohibition, if carried, has to be borne with for three years before any attempt can be made to rescind it. Against neither of the other two re solutions can any such objection be raised. So long as the liquor traffic — which would constitute the jus test and most lucrative of State monopo lies — is allowed to remain in the hands of private individuals, it is but fair that every community should have a voice in the number of licenses to be granted. For the public-house interest, like that other incubus or civilization, the legal profession, is in a great measure independent of the normal law of demand aud supply. It is said that two soli citors can make a living where one could starve. The ana logy does not, perhaps, hold so far ad to warrant the assertion that two publicans in a village will do a good trade where one would !do little or none ; yet it is im possible to deny that every public house creates a new set of customers for the trade at large as well as attracts to itself a portion of those already existing. In other words, the temp tation to drink and the craving for drink react on each other, aud the more frequent the opportunities the greater will be the army of occasional or habitual drinkers. Another con sideration is the vast number of men that this trade withdraws from the ranks of honorable labor and es tablishes as pensioners on the earn ings of the community. Hither gravi tate the. social failures, the indolent or improvident, all who have missed their opportuaities or mistaken their vocation, and thus a class having in terests adverse to the remainder of the community are enrolled and per petuate in their descendants the low view . of human duties and social morality that enables them to regard the drinhing bar and its concomi tants as a desirable object of their ambition. If it be conceded that the houses of entertainment that elbow each other in every street area ne cessary evil, that. is provably the ut most that can be said in their favor. It is better that a certain number of such places should be licensed and kept under close inspection, because the national vice of drinking cannot be eradicated by statute nor in the course of one or two generations, and if it be debarred from indulging it self openly and under such guaran tees for restraint as the presence of the police affords, it will manage to do so in secret where there is no supervision at all. But admitting both the evil and the necessity for tol erating it up to a certain point, every good good citizen will wish to see it confined within the straitest possible limits. The requisitionists have, however, displayed wisdom in not attempting too much at first, and in concentrating their attention on the maintenance of the very credit able position occupied by this town, as regards the number and distribu tion of public-houses, when compared with others in this same colony. By limiting the purpose of next Satur dav's noil to the Question as to whether any new licenses shall be grauted or otherwise, they to a great extent disarm opposition ; since it is hardly conceivable that any of the present licensees or their friends should wish to see competition in their trade increased by the opening of new houses. The Licensing Bench have of their own accord done much during tlie last two or three years towards a salutary restriction of the drink traffic by refusing to add to tlie number of licenses annually issued aud by exacting more strin gent guarantees for the proper con duct of the houses they did consent to license. But the views held by such tribunals, like the men compos ing them. :i.rc liable to change^ and tli ere' is moreover a constant under- j current of insidious pressure at work to iuduaeisuch change.. It will there fore be a great gain to have secured' the continuance of the present satis factory order of things for the mini mum of two years specified by the Act as the period duriug which t.lic resolution, if carried, will have to remain in force ; subject, moreover, to such contingent diminution in the number of licensed houses as may be brought about by forfeitures or re tirement of licensees without transfer or renewal. In the event of large accessions to our population taking place, as is not uulikely, during the next year or two, the maintenance of even the fall present number of houses will be equivalent to a rela tive diminution. Ten years ago, when the population of Maryborough was barely 0000, there were 35 public houses, not counting the one at Salt water Creek Bridge. At present, with a population nearly doubled, we have :-:i, including the oue last named. And ou looking over our old files of that date, we find the matutinal ' drunks' aud other police court sensations to have been much more of a regular tiling than they are in these dull times. Do not these proportionate numbers, with the gradual effacement of the once engrossing lunctions of the police court, indicate a substantial advauce in social morality and respectability even though the pubs, the chief sources of disorder, be twice as numerous as the needs ot either the travelling public or local residents can excuse ? In conclusion, we trust that no attempt will be made to destroy the wholesome secrecy of the ballot, and therewith the effect of the coming poll, by such tactics as were unblush ing pursued last year when a pre tence was made of sounding the opinions of the ratepayers on the proposed waterworks loan. The an nouncement that only those who dis approved of the loan need record their votes, at once made every rate payer who ventured to do so a marked man, and undoubtedly prevented large numbers who might have good reasons for not divulging which side they took, from entering the Town Hall. As an expression of public opinion, therefore, the poll taken on that occasion was valueless. We likewise have au impression that besides being grossly unfair, the an nouncement, as well as the action taken iu accordance therewith, was illegal. It is needless to point out how undesirable the repetition of such a mistake — if it was a mistake — would be in the present instance, whether it were perpetrated in the interest of those who desire to re strict, or of those who would extend the existing facilities for obtaining drink. 