CHURCH OF ENGLAND INSTITUTE. The annual meeting in connection with the Church of England Institute was held at the rooms of the Society, Eagle Chambers, on Thursday evening. There was a large attendance, including a number of lady visitors. Bishop Kennion presided. The second annual report of the committee showed that there are now 160 town members, 12 country members, and 8 junior associates, making a total of 183, an increase of 31 for the year. During the year 34 new arrivals to the colony had been welcomed at the Institute and made known to the clergy. Through the efforts of the officers employment had been obtained for several, and in a few cases by means of voluntary subscriptions pecuniary assistance had been given. It was suggested that a fund to meet such cases should be started. Reference was made to the gratifying success of the educational work which was begun a year ago, and had been carried on without any break through the summer months. The evening classes, under competent masters, in arithmetic, mathematics, German, Latin, and shorthand had been regularly attended. Considering the short time that the Institute had been in existence, this evidence of its practical usefulness to the young men of the city who are just entering on active life after leaving school was most satisfactory. The leading Church and general newspapers, both English and colonial, and several periodicals and magazines, together with the English illus trated papers, were received regularly. The committee desired to thank the Bishop, the Very Rev, the Dean, Rev. T. Field, and Mr. W. Forrester for their donations of periodicals. The committee, unfortunately, had not yet felt justified in applying any of the funds of the Institute towards the formation of a library, and they appeal to all Churchmen who take an interest in the work-for support in this particular by donations of money or books. During last winter the athletic class had met once a week, and had been well attended. The class wonld be recommenced this month. The chess class, after being discontinued during the summer, had been revived, and the game received considerable attention from members. Table billiards was also much patronised. Four lectures had been delivered during the year. The committee are desirous of holding asocial meeting of the members and their mends once a fortnight during the winter months. For this purpose it would be necessary to purchase a piano; but the committee did not wish to burden the funds by the purchase of one out of the ordinary income, and bad authorized the starting of a Piano Fund, to which £3 5s. had been subscribed. During the early part of the year two such meetings had been held, and were highly successful. With reference to the recently formed Boys' Brigade the report stated" This effort to reach a long- neglected class in this city was originated and started by members of our Institute. Recognising the fact that this was a work which appealed to all classes and to all denominations of our common Christian faith, the originators of the scheme at the very outset determined that assistance in its promotion should be asked from all sections of society and religions belief. Members of various denominations are represented on the committee, and a resolution was passed that such religious instruction as might be given to the boys should be of an undenominational character." The rooms had proved well adapted for the purposes of the Society. The committee tendered their thanks to the President (Hon. J. C. Bray), Rev. A. G. Rawstorne, and Major Jervois. Regret was expressed at the untimely death of the late Dr. Charles Gosse, who had been one of the Vice-Presidents o:: the Institute. The balance-sheet showed that the receipts for the year, together with a balance of £1 16s. 3d. from last year, amounted to £150 9a. Sd., and the expen diture had been £148 19s. lid,, leaving a balance in band of £19s. 9d. The Furnishing Fund showed a total expenditure to April 30 of £136 Is., and receipts to the same df te amounting to £11514s. 6d., leaving a balance of £20 6s. 6d. due to the General Fund. The contingent assets, including subscriptions to the end of the year, were shown to be £91 16s. 3d., and the contingent liabilities, in' eluding rent to the enu of this year, £10210s. Bishop KENNION said that it became his pleasing duty to propose that the report and balance-sheet be adopted. He was happy to see the Institute in a flourishing state. It seemed to him that its existence was not ouly justified by the number of members and the liberal support accorded to it, but also by the excellent character of the work it had undertaken. (Hear, hear.) When he looked down the list of work given in the report and remembered the comparative smallness of the institution he thought that they were in a fur way to prove themselves an extremely useful Society in the city. A further course of lectures would be given this year. Canon Green had promised to lecture on " John Wesley." (Hear, hear.) The Rev. F. Slaney Poole would address them on a subject of which he had not been acquainted, and he would give them a lecture on the "Life and Writings of St. Ignatius." (Hear, hear.) He desired to call the attention of the members of the Institute to the annual services which it was proposed to hold in the various Chnrshes in rotation this year. The first would be held in St. Paul's Church on May 11\. He had been much gratified at perusing a letter which the Secretary had received from the Secretary af the Young Men's Friendly Society in England, in which he said that he looked upon the Society as likely to be extremely valuable to them in many ways, and more par- ticularly he had expressed pleasure at the knowledge that they could hold out a helping hand to young men coming to the colony from England. He (the speaker) hoped that the Church Institute would become not onl<r a centre of work for the Young Men's Friendly Society, but also for other organizations which he hoped yet to see throughout Australia. He referred more particularly to the Church of England Temperance Society aud the White Cross Army. Any one knowing the - success which these Societies had met with England must desire that they should take up the work in this colony. It would be a somewhat difficult matter to begin the work in the various parishes as they were formed in the colony; but if they began it in such a centre as the Church of England Institute wonld be, he could not help thinking that it wonld be a great success. The broad principles of the Church of England Temperance Society, which admitted not only total abstainers but moderatefto drinkera aunite in crusade against intemperance, made a substantial platform for any Society, and he was certain tnat it would be very successful. He would not expatiate upon the wcrk of the White Cross Army; he had already spoken to some of them on it. He was not anxious that it should grow rapidly, but well. He would like to congratulate the Council and Secretaiy on tha work they had performed during the year. The Institute was the only one of its kind in Australia, and it therefore seemed most necessary to see that in its growth it grew wisely as well as strongly. When he had first spoken upon the formation of the Institute he laid particular stress upon the necessity of its being at least as broad in its views as the Church of England itself. Every one noticed the necessity for the adoption of wide and comprehensive views if they wished to do the work of the Society, but unfortunately a great many thought that comprehensiveness was attained in carrying out their own particular views. In a Society like_ that they must rise above such a feeling, and the committee which undertook the management of such an institution must have much the same feeling as a Bishop in his work, and endeavour to rise above his own opinions to work harmoniously with those who had different ideas. Unless the committee did this he did not think it would fulfil its duty. Therefore members must never be contented to find only their own opinions expressed in the words of the Society, but they must hold a brotherly hand to the members of their own Church who did not feel as they felt upon points which after all were not essential. (Hear, hear) Besides holding wide and tolerant views upon Church work, they should also show the utmost charity and help to those who were members of another Church. If their principles were fixed there was not much fear but that they would show tolerance to others. He had said this to justify his recent action. Not long ago he had consented to become a Vice-President of the Young Men's Christian Association. (Hear, hear.) He believed the Church would be tolerant with him in his action. (Hear, hear.) He had thought that until they knew that the Bishop had the strength of his opinions it would be better not to take asy part with the Y. M.C. A. But by this time they must have found out all they ever would, and he thought they would now concede to him the happiness of working so far as he could with other people where iiis opinions would not have to be sunk, and were not trenched upon. (Bear, hear.) He would now refer to matters at home. They were members of the Church of England, and they conld not but regard with the deej)est interest all that was now occurring in the important work going on at home. They noticed that the Church of England had just emerged from the first great attack of the Liberationists at the last general election. Before that election, at which so many had been able to exercise the franchise, it had been a common saying by the enemies of the Church that so soon as the people had votes they would prove hostile to the Church of England. Had they done so? (No.) The plain answer was that although in a great many country districts the Church of England was found not so . strong as many of her supporters expected, j yet in the towns—the most populated portions, j where thought. was strongest—the Church was found to have an extremely strong hold upon the affections of the people. The result of the contention had heen a positive benefit to Lthe Church upon many points. In the first place there had been a very great historical gain through the sifting enquiry which had resulted. It had been thought and written by many ignorant writers in newspapers and elsewhere that her clergymen were nearly all State-pjud. A searching enquiry had proved this to be utterly erroneous. Another gain had been made. Until the matter had been thoroughly looked into, there had been a popular opinion that the Church of England had been founded at the time of the Reformation, and that up till that time the Roman Catholic Church had been the only Church known. It needed deep enquiry to find the true position of affairs, but it had been proved by the continuity of laws, which was a most important point, by the retention of the same property and the continuity of the same ministry, that the Church ot England was that which existed before even the State of England came to its proper existence, and at theReformation, as Archbishop Trench bad said, "Instead of somebody sweeping the room out of the Church the Church swept dust out of the room." It was the same Church which had existed in England from the earliest ages, and at the Reformation it had had its face washed from the imparities which had gathered about it. Another gain had been affected. There was a manifest desire by many Churchmen to do the work of the Church more thoroughly. They would find that in England Church work had increased in thelastfewyears in an extraordinary manner. Nonconformist ministers from the colonies had been very much astonished. He hoped that they would here also be able to adapt their Church work to the people more than they had yet been able to do. While he congratulated them upon the work of the Institute he would exhort them to remain true to the Church of England, and say, as Lord Tennyson had written on a recent occasion— Britons, hold sour own. God guard alL (Loud applause.) The Hon. H SCOTT, M.L.C., in secondin the resolution, expressed his satisfaction with the report and at the way those present had received it. He expressed a hope that the meeting would subscribe a sum sufficient to pay the debt on the Furniture Fund, and that the Piano Fund wonld be well subscribed to. He hoped that the young men would try to add to the number of members of the Institute. The motion was carried. Canon GBEEN proposed—" Thatthe Church of England Institute is deserving of the hearty support o! the Churchmen of the colony." He thought that the Institute had socially already done an amount of good, as was shown by the report of the Secretary. He was very glad to see that there was no reference to religion in the report. They wanted to help each other as members of the Institute, and to lead godly righteous and true lives without talking about religion. He felt gratified that they were not taking up evangelistic work. They were doing more good by working silently than by going in for evangelistic work. The question was not if a man were a member of a Church, bnt whether he believed in God. It was a case of morality against immorality, and Christianity against practical atheism. If a man believed the broad truths of Christianity in the Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost—he did not care what sect he belonged to—they were bound to sink their minor differences of opinion, and stand "shoulder to shoulder" against the common foe—irreligion. He was very pleased with the work the Institute was doing, and more especially with their action in the formation of the Boy's Brigade. He was only afraid that the Brigade had been so successful in starting that a lull might come. He was very thankful that the Church Institute had originated the idea. The Rev. F. S. POOLE, in seconding the motion, thought that the Institute was worthy of the support of Churchmen for the good it had been to the young men of the Church. He hoped the Institute would be comprehensive in its views, and have among its members all schools of thought. He congratulated them on the succcss which had attended their efforts, but warned them that they could not always expect success. The first yewr was a year of enthusiasm when all were eager for the work. This feeling would die out, and they might find some difficulty in retaining the interest of the members in the work. If they succeeded in carrying through the next two or three years and retain the sympathy of the members he had no fear of the future of the Institute. The Ven. Archdeacon FABR, in supporting the motion, said he had been asked to speak on the educational classeB. He expressed great pleasure at the large number of members attending the classes. That there should be twenty-five members of the Institute belonging to the classes showed a desire for knowledge which was all the more noticeable in a place where education seemed to have so few attractions, as was evidenced by the small attendances at the University classes, where there were in two of the most interesting classes—geology and miner' alogy—only four and two students. He felt highly pleased that the Boys' Brigade had been instituted by the Society. He agreed with Canon Green that it was better not to have any evangelistic work in connection with the Institute. He did not believe in high-pressure religion. If any of the members of the Institute wanted to do Church work they could find plenty in their respective parishes, Mr. F. S. DIXON supported the motion, and referred particularly to the Boys Brigade, in which the hundredth boy had been enrolled that evening. They had every reason to feel satisfied with their success in the matter. He read a letter from Mr. Lewis, of Sydney, who has taken an active part in the formation of the Brigade there, in which that gentleman gave some interesting information in regard to its working. He thought they might well consider the question of girls selling papers in the streets, they were about all day, and sometimes till late at night, and made themselves perfect nuisances. They as a rule went from bad to worse, and generally ended in the Reformatory. He thought it was a subject for legislation. He disagreed with the remarks made about enthusiasm. He thought that a little enthusiasm was a very good thing, (Hear, hear.) He did not beueve in a Church going too slow. The motion was carried. Dean RUSSELL moved—" That the thanks of this meeting be given to the working committee and officers of the Institute." He conld testify to the thoroughness and system with which the work had been done. He thought that some of the speeches made that evening required a little explanation. He felt afraid that some persons might carry away the impression that some of the speakers were disposed to discourage Church That,^ he few sure, was not' the intention of the speakers. They thought with him that the proper field for Churchmen to work in was their several parishes. They intended to hold a mission in the four parishes of South Adelaide. They wanted the assistance of the Institute to make it successful. He had severed his connection with the Y.M.C. A because of certain features of the work with which he could not reconcile his belief. They had heard of the recent troubles of that Association, and could not but feel the deepest svmpathy for it. He was very glad that the'Bishop was one of the Vice- Presidents. Mr. SQUIRE seconded the proposition, which was carried with acclamation. 1 Mr. MAUDSLEY, in reply, said he thought that the Society was firmlyestablished. The reaction in the Society had taken place, and bad already been surmounted. He believed the Society had now a prosperous future before it. The following officers were elected for the ensuing year:—President, Hon. J. C. Bray, M.P.; Vice-Presidents, Dean Russell, Canon Green, Hons. W. A E. West-Erskine, M.L.C., and H. Scott, M.L.C., Messrs. E. W. Hevward and W. Thow; Committee, Revs. F. Slaney Poole, T. Field, and F. T. Whitington, Messrs. R. Patfull, W. Evans, W. Forrester, H. E. Hughes, F. C. Rowell, and R. L. Dwelly; Treasurer, Mr. C. J. Sanders; Secretary, Mr. F. W. Maudsley. The BISHOP pronounced the benediction and the meeting then closed. 