HOW OMENS ARE VERIFIED. Many persons would regard it as an affront to be called superstitious, and yet they place'implicit confidence in cer tain signs and omens. Such people could not be prevailed upon to under take a journey on the sixth day of the week, they would peremptorily decline to make the thirteenth guest at a dinner party, and will declare that some one is lying about them when their left ear burns. But they ridicule the idea of ghosts. Omens are of two kinds-those that are fulfilled, and those that are not. The illustrations herewith appended have been gathered from authentic sources at the expense of considerable time and labour. Readers will draw their, own inferences: As young Broughne left home one pleasent evening, "he saw the new moon over his right' shoulder." Aha !" he cheerfully observed, jingling. some coino into his pockets, "that's a good sign I'll not be out of money for a fortnight at least." .Two hours later he was playing pool at the Casino, and all the money he had in his pockets when he returned home at midnight was a pen knife and three I.O.U. tickets. E "Who ever reads epitaphs loses his memory." Ten year ago, a friend lent Ferguson fifteen d:llars, which he faithfully prcmised to repay on the followingSaturday night. The suppo sition is that Ferguson read epitaphs, the very day after' securing the loan ; for his memory, so far as the 'fifteen dollairs are concerned, is a total wreck. 'To break a looking-glass is a very ominous occurence." A young married inisn, named Burhtone, living in New York, accidentally broke a mirror, and ini the afternoon his wife, while-repair ing the lining of his overcoat, found a highly perfumed ncte in the inside pocket. Singularly enough she read it, and "ominous" very faintly describes the nature of the "occurence" when her husband returned home. entertain ment, without a single encore, was worth double the price of admission. i "Swallows building 'in a chimney bring good luck to a house." ' A colony pf swallows premted Squire Cobb's chimney, and two weeks afterwards his hb'se was struck: with lightning, and entirely'destroyed: Illustrations multiplied, but sufficent Jave been given to convince the most sceptical-that some omens: are " verified. id a most nmyterious manner-or`6 other wise, 