TRANCE PERSONAL IXPCRIENOIS _ THE DABE KOON. in inroe flays of edvaaood scieutlfio know ledge and wonocrful discoveries, it must bo m ignorant poison indeed who will not beliovo what L<o cannot understand ; but ths fullowinw rairativs, which I would oot give bod it got # n fftr#001 ezp»rienef, may try the fatth v> gvvu wanTi ! I to en elderly bed, and have beep fg a ucrative buftlneis for toe greater part of mj !S«i u workU hu. ud nut without S"', w tlrat o» m j fiftjr flfik rirthd., J UM ray bnilou. n maJ. up ray ralu to lire on ray ramu. tu comfort for tko nrt of my day. Thl. I bowcrre foun to b. .Iffipuli Butter. I had bua . herd w.rkfa w itltuc. wu unUitr.bU to mo. Happily ot nnh.pp ly, j.,t .. I'.h. raOu I .yo.rl.coe may ohoou th. .fguification, I wu J y.t t laclrior, and liring ., « hotel ; hut after woo i5or»tni of idle misery I -determined on ?.whitfc.Qjr a house, and setting op a regalm es7abU?hn7ftDt. Itkonghtl would get a oom priuat I.dy >purak..pM, aud get into . way 8 dfcurr jrl.lug, pud that, to try and get rf. of the tUrau ho are, xo I ooraraaced ei.wlal.x theraomig ptpen lor haw. property 10 tril or let. I tblak It wu oa tbo K«M day of my qout . that I trad th. following rather peculiar airer- tl.rment In Jkm Hkrild — \- For uli, ar lo let, ' Bmbgior.,' thu woO- kx.wn and commodious family ruteenu, aito- uted oitbtn ttrj dlatuoe of Melbourne, iho owner ie purtlug with th. property lu rare pecnllar iei.su., whloh greatly r.iuu tho purcbu. money,— Apply to. ute , etc." Ihinkisg thu . .cry ode, not to uay u- butioaeu-lik. udrmttiumout, my curiotfty wu lotted, and taking my otlek in but I nt out for tbt offioe of th. agent with tha paper In ay band. Th. mu wu at heme, ud laying th "ad." before him I ukedhtm to explain. "Thoplu. brioag. to w Ud M," ho raid, aiming., well known wealthy gtntlomnu, "una he hu entreated it to m. for trie if poielhle. but ttndur what 1 cril eery foolish conditiou." "What era th. uondition." I uked. "That I tall the intended buyer the trath before he porch. toe. ' "Well, you had better tell It to ml." "It eeomt there i. . hunted room in th mention." "A haunted room !" I repsatnd with .con. "wid you, a busixM. au, aupposU to hare eume common een.t, cm tit tltere aud talk to me .bout a haunted room at if you beltera Iu It !' "I em glad yon hut what I. elated lo be a feat in euok a manure, tir ; u for myuelt I aeithw brite. am dtebriiere. I elmi'ly kcow nothing about it. If yon will go to tee Buehgrora my trap it ia tbe .table aud I can drive yon there." Now, couetdenng the tpue allowed ae in Thu Herald, I mast cat toy story short. I examined tbe Louse, approved oi ir, bought it, aud am living iu it to thii day. i oho.e the eaid -to-be haunted room for my o.n lie# plug apartment, but I do not tlup in it now. Ky experience io it wu at follows On inspecting the room I noticed that it maud rcry badly light, d, bnt th. venation, ontrida were ckstd.mpl there wae beside a graat willow tree almort in front of ono window. Tho agmrt wonld here glvon m. eome further informntioa regarding th. .partment, but I cot bia abort. " I don't wut to here anything .boat It," I e id. " I don't believe in ghosts, tat If thera is anything uipernotarri about tho rooml wait to had oat in whet ehepe U it myself." So the first confirmation of tho houat owrer'e statement I cot ftom tbe workmen I had pot in to get Boahgrove in order before I rent iu tho (oinitura. Tbey eaid it wu lap liXKible to light tbe room. I proved the fut myself when It had bun re- ptpored, paumf, ii-. I entered it at midday, when the Vene tians w ere 1 h town beck against the ennlit walls, anc the objectionable - iliow tret bad bun out down. Tbe room wae tn a de> p twilight, an there wae round ths burning gut jot oily s halo of light inch u yon iu roonl th. moos in a hazy sky. I mad. no remark, but whw tbe pl»c. wu furnUhtd, I wu gl.1 to hkv. aa opporturity oi investigating th. .ppsrnnt phenomenon. It wu rather an odd expnl.no. to her to carry a light in yonr hood from ono put a( tbo room to another, u you required, but It w aa mis. on my firat retiring to (tot in that chamber. I don't think I wu afrrid, bnt I felt queer, for I wu sstlsfiad now, that no matter how many light, yon burned io that ro zm, tho Illumination of each wu limited to a email circle am. oi couru I had to own that then wae something queer about the room. I don't know what I expected that night, tat I will tell yen what I cow, I had pat out the lighti mentally, «r I stepped into bed, and I inede it n paint not to rptn my eyot until I hud lain down with my Uce to tbe front ot the hod, nnd the clothu twked round me. Then I opened my eye., not to the darkscn ae I expected, but to the most mysterious eight mu Mat raw. The Boor was carpetal with Srnseele, bnt iu tbe middle of tho room, wbort my oyu firat rested, I raw the hue hou., and th. body at a mu lying on them deed. Around thn oorpn wu n drcl. of pale light, like thn shade of moonlight, u it were, a dense waU,u itsetmod of duknnit onoompasslng it. I .at spin bod the moment I raw thin strange thing, nnd a. I did eo, tha French clock on the mantel UnklM out twelre. It wu exutly mldaight. I stored nt thn sputncln lu nearly an hoar, trying by tight to account fu it as soma kind ot fraud. Tn. mu wu within ten (eat of ms, or appeared to b. ao, ud I could distinguish very feature ud every little pwnliarity of position ud attire. He wu dark-hrired ud bad a lull brown bwud. Ha looked about forty. He lay ouose aid. in a but, y.t not minatarri, position, M though h. wu. .sleep: but the rigidity ud pallor of death wan on his limb, ud face, ud th. lips ware (lightly contracted and drawn bwk from aingoiarly whit, troth that gteaaad awfully in tbe qour light. He wu attired in dark trouurs and a white stixt. Ok the latter there wu a red stain mi tbe throat. Ha had red tllk braces, ont of them being, however, nsbn' toned and lylag back from htm on tha fioor. In tha hand that wu partly nndar hla that wu apparently something clutched, bnt I conld not dbtlngnlah what it wu. It .aimed to me that ia desperation to prove the" thing bnt n virion of the imagination, I bounded from my bed u want within urn circle of iupernntnial light. I stooped a ad touched tb man's face, and felt tha cold hud brow of tbe dead ; bnt I (alt something more ; nt tbo touch u .hock wu .ant through every nerve of ay body, jut u if It had bren from > powerful electric battery, ud i waa eanaih'e of an inability tu move. Jut at that awful mo ment my timepiece struck one, and from thn band, which I wis incapable of moving from tha eold brow of th corpu, I distinctly fill tha nbatuo sinking away M tbe light around it faded ont, an I wu In darkness onoe mora. 4 Now, I do not wut to zpatiate an thu facts, bnt Iter them to ray readers u rnbj.ote for thought. I hare not to thii day discovered tba secret of thn dirk room, ud I, doubtless, neret ehril. I passed Una nights |p tb room, ud at way. with tba same experience. The corpu wu vieibl in It myatenotu light bom mid night to on p.m. only. Thara were no other mantfestttlons.end no afforta ot mine suceeatad in accounting for that. I have satisfied myall that no mtus of illumination have power onr mora thu n small radios la the dork room, nnd I here shut It up nnd triad to forgot it. Mot have I montlonod to a soul my experience, I do not wi.h to f righto, sway my urvant., o bring a hut of cnrioutty-mongrei around ma to explore for themselves. I hare not, kowsrer, the slightest objection to receiving icy officially acoraditod member of Tax Herald. staff at Busbgrora, ud affording him ovary opportunity of examining the dark room, on eoaditiow that its locality, and my nam b kept a pro found secret. — A,B0, 