THE TRAPPER'S ADVENTURE. They were waiting for a train at a wayback sta tion up in Hnmbolt County, and the conversation turned to spiritualism. A weather-beaten trapper, who bad come in with a lot of skins to ship, said— " Wall, fur my part, I never go much on sperrit rappins, ghosts, and all them kind er things, but I tell yew, boys, I had a powerful scare wunst," " How was that T asked a solemn man, with long hair, who was evidently a travelling medium. " Wall, yer see, it was one night about a year ago. I was a-layin* in my cabin up on the Little B'ar River. I woke up long er midnight and got ter thinkin' about my partner, Grizzly Smith, as died in that very cabin er lung fever four years ago that very night. Putty soon I felt somethin' tech the blankits kinder soft like." " Bats," suggested the switch-tender. " No, ther am't no rats in them parts. Putty soon 1 ielt sutbin' like a hand a-squeezin' my leg. I felt kinder scarred then, fur I know'd ther deer dogs wus outside, and I was plumb sartin' thir wasn't anutber human bein' in forty miles o' thar. I was sleepin' in Grizzly's blankits, too, so I sez, " Is that you, Smith?' "And there was two raps," said the long-haired man. " No, thar warn't no raps, but a sorter buzzin', rattlin' sound, like a dyin' man's last gasp—'zactly the way Smitbie let go. Then I felt Buthin' clammy tech my cheek." " Case of materialization," said the long-haired party. " Bats," said the switch-tender again. " 1 tole yer thar warn't no rats up thar," growled tbe trapper. " I Tow I was badly scared then, an' tber cold sweat a-droppin' offen me. 'Does yer want ter kermoonicate suthin', Grizzly?' sez I. Then tber buzzin' begin agin. Alter that suthin' teched my other hand?' " Bats," wedged in the switchman. " Yon'il have ter heel yerself if yer say that agin, lantern-jerker," said the hunter, ominously. " Wall, gents, it got so I couldn't stan' it no longer. I jest jerked them blankits offen me, jumped up and struck a light." "And what did you see 7" "Why, nuthin', gents, but a big rattlesnake. Nulhin' but a plain, ord'nary rattler. An' me most scarred ter death by tber dam thing's monkeyiags, too. " Wall, you bet I jest rolled over and laughed till I thought I'd burst, " And tbe snake?" aBked the crowd. "The snake," Baid the trapper simply. " Wall, I disremember what—I guess I stepped on it's head, or suthin'. No, gents, I don't take no stock in sperrits. Here's ther train." 