Rocíen AM vron. MONDAY, AUGUST 23, 1886. THE N. S. WALES CREMATION BILL. THE Cremation Bill, now under con- sideration in tlie Parliament of New South Wales, has so far met with better fortune than was generally anticipated. In the Council it has already passed its third reading, and it lias been read for tho first time in the Assembly, where it appears to have a reasonable chance of reaching its final destination in the statute hook. Tim mere fact of the Bill having commanded a majority of votes in the Upper House speaks well for its ultimate prospects, for there, as is gener- ally the case, the force of prejudice is much stronger than in the representative Chamber. For dullness and fossilized stupidity, the New South Wales Council takes a very high place among parlia- mentary assemblies. Its deliberations are characterised hy none of these stormy scenes which make the Commons appear at times like a gathering of delirious banshees ; it contains no approach to genius, for the members al' know that genius is a species of madness, and they pride themselves on their pre-eminent Banity ; and it is the refuge of all the pompous legislative mediocrity of the colony. When, as not unfrequently happens, some constituency persists, time after time, in returning a particu- larly wall-headed representative, that gentleman is certain to be shunted into the Upper House, with the result that he inflicts himself upon a sorrowing country for the rest of his unnatural life. In New South Wales the Council and the Assembly represent the begin- ning and the end, respectively, of the world's history. The Upper House is a relic of that early period when the earth was without form and void-especially the period when it was void, while the flower is a picture of the chaos which philosophers aver will be the end of all things. But in spite of all their short- comings, both frequently furnish no small amount of amusement, though in the Council this result is generally achieved when the decorous and dignified legislators fondly imagine they are leaving deep imprints on the sands of time ; and when the Cremation Bill was under discussion prior to its third reading, the minority succeeded in making the debate so interesting that it will not readily be forgotten. Mr. Piddington, a strong opponent of the measure, was in temporary command of the devoted squadron, seven strong, whose ambition it was to moulder, like John Brown, of Virginia, in the silent grave, rather tuan pass through the fiery ordeal of the furnace ; and Mr. Pidding- ton is generally credited with having started life with less knowledge stored in his mind than any other member of the Council, and with iiaving forgotten more since those early days than all the rest of the Council put together. But, on this occasion, he surpassed all his previous efforts of ignorance and folly, and, though his followers supported him loyally, some of them must surely have been ashatned of their leader, when the full measure of his imbecility was displayed. Mr. Piddington's speech was a lengthy one, but, stripped of all its verbiage and circumlocution, it proved to contain only one new argument in favour of the system of interring the dead, and the arrangement in question was an Egyp- tian stomach-probably the strangest piece, of logic ever imported into a Par- liamentary debate. He quoted freely from history in support of his theories, but it was almost exclusively Egyptian history, and it was written, not on paper or parchment, but on the stomach aforesaid ; li«; fell back on religion and morality, but both these virtues wore; based in this case <»» the digestive organ of the moth-eaten Pharaoh ; and then he took refuge in anatomy, and ^ot en- tangled among the ribs of the stuffed king, extricating himself with difficulty from thc bony labyrinth, A few months ai;o, he explained, ¡1 royal mummy had been dragged from its place of rest, and when the winding sheet was unrolled, an inscription was found traced in hieroglyphics, and extending over the place where the monarch used to put his Egyptian dinner "in the days of auld lang syne." This, on being inter- preted, identified him with ííanieses II., otherwise known as SesoBtris, the greatest and least known of earthly conquerors, and it also revealed many interesting particulars regarding the history of the remote period when he carried his arms over all thc known world. From this point Mr. Pidding ton's arguments became brief and di' dactic. Firstly, if Barneses hod been cremated after the inscription was written there would be no inscription there now ; secondly, if he had been cremated before, it would have been impossible to plant the inscription on his stomach, as there would no longer have been a stomach to inscribe anything on ; and thirdly, if cremation became general, any historical facts which might in future he written on corpses would be hopelessly lost to posterity. These three premises were the sum and substance of a speech which occupied nearly an hour in delivery, and when the hon. gentle- man concluded, out of a House of twenty, no less than seven members rose as one mule to applaud and endorse the astounding argument, put forward. With such a speech to reply to it was impossible for the Government party, weak os they were in debating power, to avoid making some telling hits, and their leading opponent was handled rather roughly. It was pointed out that the Egyptian mode of embalming cost at least £2000, and Mr. Piddington was asked with studious politeness if that were not a rather extravagant sum to expend, merely for the privilege of writing Australian history on a dead body. Mr. Cox angrily denounced the brutal Vandalism which led men to drag the remains of the ancient hero from the tomb, where he had rested for 3274 years, and demanded if it was intended to adopt a 6ystem of disseminating history, which would prevent the dead finding peace even in the grave. Worst of all, one irreverent member started an audible conversation with a friend, in which he drew a fancy picture of an embalmed Piddington being dug up centuries hence, and translated, revised, printed, and ultimately pub- lished with woodcuts, for the benefit ; of a future race of scientists ; or, on the other hand, of the same gentleman being disinterred at some I period when the world had relapsed into barbarism, and thrown away by a stifi necked and rebellious generation who could neither decipher nor appreciate him. But the Opposition were both loud and vehement in support of their leader, and quoted the law, tile prophets, and the dead Pharaohs in defence of his arguments, and finally the whole party marched into the division lobby, where, the ghost of Rameses II. not being allowed to vote, they found themselves in a minority of six. The chief result of the debate on the Cremation Bill has been to sink the New South Wales Council a little lower than even thc despised and degraded Assembly in the popular estimation. The insanitary condition of Sydney has led many to express fears of a terrible visitation, should the cholera, or some equally dangerous epidemic, reach the shores of Australia ; and for this danger the cemeteries are in part held respon- sible. By declaring cremation legal, it was thought that the public mind might be gradually prepared for a change in the preseut mode of disposing of the dead, and at all events the measure was acceptable to a considerable section of the community, and imposed no con- straint on those who preferred to adhere to the time-honoured custom of burial. It was, therefore, a cause of no little disgust to tind that one- third of the Upper House was prepared to oppose ] the beginning of reform-not on any i scientific grounds, but on account of an \ inscription on the stomach of a dead Egyptian-and to argue, because an ancient tomb had been rifled and the body of an ancient monarch turned into a gazing stock for the multitude, that . cremation was alike sinful, disgraceful, j and barbarous. What treatment the j Cremation Bill will receive in Committee | in the Assembly remains to be seen, j Probably it will be the object of another of those tierce party squabbles for whi;h the Lower House has become notorious, but it can only be hoped that it will be considered upon its merits, and that the ghost of Rameses will not be again im- ported into the debate. THE question of Antarctic exploration iß again being raised in Melbourne, nod appar- ently there is a reasonable prospect of Bometlii g being done. Anglo- Saxons arc never happy unless they «re looking foi some- thing and unable to find it, and oven when there ie nothing particular to look for, there seems to be a certain pleasure in making the attempt. Somewhere or other on the surface of this goat-in'ested planet, there is under- stood to vviét a hai'py spot where every prospect pleases, and nothing is vile, except the i uh abitan ta and the snakes, and the whisky, and a few other trifles of an equally insignificant character, and presumably it is tî ii H locution which it ÍB now proposed to seek at the Sou tl) Pole. So far as thc Ant ire tic regions are yet known, they consist chiefly of slu«h and ice, and, unhappily for the ex- plorers, there is mu eli more icu than slush. Moreover, neither in the snow above nor in thc icu beneath, nor in thc slush which is under the ice, has anything been found lo repay exploration, but as yet voyagers ttl the far south have only touched the fringe of thc great icc barrier, aud discovery has barely L'nnimciiceil, The search for a BOU iii etti con- tinent was begun by Captain Cook, and waa aftii'wurds continued by a KUMSÍRII ollieer wintle Hume we arc compelled to hold over TiiMindil press«ru vu our np-cc D'UrviJJe, Wilkes, and Unas stinek what t!n>y 'ouk to 1JI.> a large extent of laud, and thc former gut into serious <i i iii cul tier« among the icebergs, but through the exercise of that virtue which ! proved fatal to a cut, he got huck in safety. Tin* nilly thing which these men ascertained willi certainty was that a firent tango ot ali but impassable glaciers exists, j which threatens to check further progress ; if (hiy cati be surmounted who can tell what li'iB bey*a(i? Perhaps, far to the southward, ' may be found a civilized nation, cut off by the icy peaks from all communication uitii the unter world, and afflicted with a per- 1 pe tu al snuffle owiug to the cold of that i uh os- ! I it«.ble region. Round Vie Pole itself wc may picture, if we choose, a people advanced in scient and art, with a government cairied on under constitutional principles, and a Parlia- ment where an icicle h ange to the no-e nf the Speaker, and a Bill has to be thawed out before it can be passed. There may be a li'erature there like that of China ; there may even be a national debt, and bonds may circulate written in uncouth hieroglyphic!,, the "promise toptly" resembling « akeletoft' in hysterics, and - the signature of the - shivering president looking like the rear elevation of a fight between a lobster and a ghost. There may be diamond* < fend precious metals in that far-away lana, and there certainly are whales "and. Beal* in the Antartie seas, so that, "between our small storr of knowledge, and 'our vast assorted stock of frozen ignorance, there is much to induce exploration. Ünttt 'tílp Vic- torian Ministry arrive at some definite con- clusion on the matter, however, lt is doubtful whether anything will be undertaken. Mr. Gillies is, apparently, favourable to the idea, of contributing in aid of an expedition, bot the proposal will probably bethe subject of a keen discussion between the Government and tiic Beast-as some Victorians now term the Opposition-and it is, of course, nossibletuat tlie Lower-Animal-another designation for Mr. Bent's following-may succeed in patting a veto un the proposed expenditure. 