A MICHAELMAS SPELL. Grandmamma was in bed, with her night-cap tied under her'chin; and the lamp burnt still, that I might undress by it. Generally I was no laggard, but tossed my clothes in a heap on a chair, my ornaments into a Burmese tray, said my prayers, and tucked myself under the counterpane. SOn this particular night I lingered over every garment, folding and arranging every article with the most spinster-like regularity. In fact, I wanted grandma to go to sleep, for I had something to do which I desired th t she should not see. That day was my sixteenth birthday, and our housemaid, Madge, had said to me: "It is' Michaelmas Eve, and your bright. night, and you can get a vision if you wish. All you have to do is to take your finest pocket handkerchief marked with' your name, and after you are all undressed at night, dip itup and down in clear water that has never had a hand put in it, and say : kr i dip my 'kerchief into the seaa Once and'twice and three times three; He who turns ii may marry me, And only death shall part usn.' And hang the handkerchief, without wringing, on the foot of the bed, spread out smooth. "Then, miss, you are to go to bed backward, without speaking a word, or you'll bring the worst of luck on your self, and in the night you'll see the one you're to marry come in and turn the handjerchief. . But you musn't speak to himeither; that is worse luck yet, for he's no realler than tobacco smoke, but just a ghost like." " You make me all goose flesh, Madge," I cried, creeping close to her. "Did you ever try it ?" "Yes, miss," said Madge. "And what did you see ?" I asked. "Nothing, miss. Which proves it," said Madge. " For ain't I an old maid ? Well, I don'tsay 'do it,' miss, for yourgrandma might object; but I just tell you how you could see him, if you was so disposed." "Thank you, Madge," I said, "but I don't suppose I shall try." And I was a little hypocrite, for I meant to try that very night.' That was why to come to my starting point-I lingered over my undressing, hoping grandma would go to sleep ; but she kept persis tently awake, and watched me with un disguised pertinacity. " How slow you are child! " she cried at last; " do put the light out, and come to bed." And there was nothing for it but to obey. I put out the candle, and in the darkdipped my handkerchief in the glass of water I had ready. "'I dip my 'kerchief into the sea."' I whispered. "'Once and twice and bthree times three."' "What's all that splashinug?" cried grandmamma. 1" He who turns it may marry me, and only death shallpart us." ; I went on in a stifled gasp. "Are you talking to yourself, child P" cried grandma. I dared not re ly. I remembered the awful warning about! speaking after the spellwas begun; and after I had spread' the kerchief on the fbot of the bedstead, I tumbled into bed tackwards. "Effie, my dosr," said grandma, "I never saw you bahave so before. Youtoss about like a porpoise in fits. What is the matter, child? You needn't pretend to be asleep," said grandma, "for it don't deceive eo. There's something on your mind. ZIave you torn your new blue silkP Why dmn't you speak ?" Stil'Iwas dumb. S?'h, Effie! " cried grandma, reproach foul',"are you impertinent to me, after bpug such a good girl always?" S"No, ma'am," I sobbed. And Ishivered' ifterwards; for had I not brought the worst possible luck upon myself P I lay awake after this, even when granud ma fell asleep. The full moon shone solemnly in through the window curtains, and a clock somewhere struck one, and I heard-yes, certainly, I heard a step upon the stairs. It c:me toward the room door -it paused there.' It Ahtered.' A man's figure stood in the moonlight, and I recognised it. It had the appearance of a neighbour of ours, an old bachelor of sixty, and my pet aversion. He advanced to the foot of the bed, lifted the handker chief from the walnut rail, shook it softly, and replaced it. Then, in nervous haste, he snatched his glasses from his pocket, and fitted them on his nose. On his nose, I say now;but I thought on its nose; for this was no human being, but the wraith I s?l caaled up by my spell. This was my future husband. I dared not shriek, but I dragged the counterpane over my head and hid my face. When I peeped out agaon the ghost was gone. He had turned the handkerchief, and vanished. I arosa nextmorning the most miserable creature on earth. I felt that my fate was tooterrible to think of. "What is the matter, Efle ?" asked grandna. "Tie child is getting somothing-scar istins perhaps," said grandma. "I hope so," said I. "I want to die o ?he's delirious, already," said grand pa.j " I shall go for Doctor Dear bohn." it this moment, someone struck on the poies of the dining-room window with his knickles. tlooked up. To my horror, it was our ellerly neighbour.. He 'had come to ask ny hand of grandpa, of course. (" Come here, please," he called through tie window. " want to speak to you." ." Don't give me to him, grandpa," I 'inplored. " "ny dear, this is dreadful. The child From where we sal could hear the sisitor's voice. "Look here, Mr. Peorter, I made a most idiculous mistake lastnight. Come in to pologise. Think one of the ladies saw me. Do you know; I lad anextraglass of wine at a big dinner-oistookthe house opened your door with my latchkey, and went up stairs. First'thing I saw was a little lace handkerchiel on the bed post. Then I put on my oar sighted glasses; and then I bolted. I;beg ten thousand pardons-a hundred tlousand."1 "No harm dbne/" said my grandfather. "No harm whateve-fine day-I am afraid my little girl is ioing to be very ill; I'm going for the dooer, and must say good-bye." 'No, no, grandpa," I cried, through the window. ' I'm quite iellagain." And then, sittihg beween the dear old people, I told the trutli Grandma threatenedto dismiss Madge, but only sooldedher a ttle. And Inever tried either MLichaelmneve or Hallow-e'en spell again. An eight-dayelook,irchased and used by John Knox, the gret Scotch divine and reformer, 325 years io, is keeping good time to-day, in thehote of W. H. Woods of Huntington, Pa. 10 is a descendant of Dr. John tWehersp , a member of the Continental Congress, reom whom it was inherited. the .case of roasewood add eightfeet in height. 1 Show that lovers of?litreti And whea tired of pro?,di5,sr. Are not carelnl whorthey sit." Why is an umbrell like yesterday P Because, once gone, it ever returns. It is admitted that woman maynot tell her age; but it is a sta; fact that her age is less considerate. It1ll eon her. A clergyman endeavoring to console a rich miser in his dyin$hours, asked him: "In looking over yo.past life, what do you regret most at thiutime P' "That I didn't die twenty-fiv years ago when funerals were cheaper. WOLSe's Sortarvs Is rticnsr~y tree from fueilo oel as itis wo. aged tors boingl ottled.- Iori5s Brlzard, Bordeaus solo agenteaRoth and Cs., 5 sridge.stroet.--A/vw Drink Van Telman's ireeostr. Schledam Scsnapps (none.nromtio), us in IIo land for over a century. ialton ?DOs, so sgralt. 