M r IV . J . H o l l o w a y a s “ H a m l e t . ” Thebe is & well-worn stage tradition that every star must pixy Hamlet occasionally during his career, if it is only to show he can at least sometimes stand on the higher platform reserved for the world’s great actors. And as Mr Holloway is a t-tar, of course it is only natural that he should follow example, especially as he has the additional advantage of having, through his recent peregrinations, seen Hamlet performed by the best exponents of the character. It mxy be that this lias led him to slightly alter the business in two or three places, but whether this has been to the advantage of the piece may, perhaps, be a matter of opinion. In one or two respects we think that it ha6 been a decided ;take. In the scene where Hamlet having the interview with mother, the ghost of his murdered father walks upon the front part <f the stage in what may have been his actual wealing apparel when he was in the flesh This is realoverdoing realism—realism pushed so far that it fails to become a realism at If ibe son of any modern king were placed in similar cirrumsianccs, he would scarcely enquire whether a person dressed in the ordinary garb of his dead paternal was a “ spirit of hell or goblin damned." He would most probably think that his eyesight deceived him, or that some eay old courtier was trying to palm off a practical juke upon him. On the other baud, Mr Holloway must be congratulated ou having retained the prayer rcenc. In our opiuion that constitutes an absolutely essential portion of the play, aud give? more than anything else a due to the real character of Hamjet—that “ spirit and heart made desolate ” There nro minor alterations also, but the only on* to which we need make any Teft-rente is the rcretition by Hamlet before the court of the 'lines ^written for the first player. There seems to be no reason for this, and Hamlet was far too shrewd a mau, a man with two much insight into human nature to ake his motive in arranging the play o palpable. Besides it seems to us to be ot at all consistent with Hamlet’s haracter, particularly when the scene as enacted as it was last night Of Mr Holloway’s Hambt we can safely say hat it was a’well studied representation, hut we fancy that Mr Holloway has been too great a student of the text, and not sufficiently great a student of the churacle:. The lines a-c all well d( livered, and in the interview wilh hi: mother he was exceedingly good, hut the tnusous solilequy, “ To tc cr not to I e.’ was u somewhat awkward reading. Ihis may have urisen, however, from some not apparent lo the audience. But while we think that Mr Holloway’s is not exactly iho Homlet which Shakespeare created, and while we believo that, even as it is, there is much room for improvement, still we mu-t accord him more than a w-vrd of p*aise for hia intelligent rorformance of a character which has baffled greater men than probably Mr Holloway will ever be. Misa Jenyni was a very fuir Ophelia, hut aa sin becomes more familiar with _th character, she will, we trow, bs entitled to higher praise than that accorded in the expression •' very fair.’’ Hie other parts were allotted as follows: - Ghost. Mr C. Holloway ; Polonius, Mr H. Hodson Laertes. Mr R. Stewart; Claud Ii. R Jewett; Horatio, Mr Alfred tiolfe; Osrio. Miss Nita Steele; Kosencranz Mr W. Carle; Guildenstern, Mr H.Leslie; Marcellus, Mr Carle; Bernardo, Mr L nglmro; Henaldo, Mr Kverette ; First Player, Mr Steward ; Second Play Burward; Priest, Mr Martin Drew First Gravedigger. Mr Chvles; Second Gravedigger, Mr Harries; PlaverQueen, Mias M. Morris ; the Queen, Miss Kate Arden. The scenery and appointments all more than usually excellent. “ Hamlet” will be repeated t)-nieht 