Tales and Sketches. Shallow and Substance. BY CHARLES HERVEY. On a bright August afternoon a year or two ago, one of the squares abutting on MtitaXttMat Folkestone w»s thronged with A misoellaneoua assemblage of visitors, strolling about or sitting it groups, and, listening to >a lively, selection from |)li-| vette, played with unflagging .spirit by tha band of a regiment quartered at Shonicliffe. | , Among the latest arrivals wm a good looking young matt in a travelling aait. ! After pausing for a few minutes at the •Btrsnoe, u if undecided whether to go in or net, he quietly made his way; through the crowd, sad, swearing a post; of wantage in a temporarily secluded j part of the garden, glanoed rather leasly than curiously At the animated aoene before .him. He had not been! them long when he felt a hand on his shoulder, and turning round beheld, to his evident dissatisfaction, a stout, smirk ing individual-rTommy GabbletoD, the .most notorious gossip and scandal-mon ger. -since the ifaya of Crabtree and Sir; Benjamin—who aoooeted him with a familiar— "Hullo, Torrena, who in the wbrid would have thought of seeing you here 1 They told the you were sit Hoinburg." , "So I was nntil yesterday," replied the other. . "Only arrived this morning." " Quite right to look ns up on your way to Scotland,*' rattled on Tommy; " for of course.you are off to the moors. Nothing like laying in & provision of oxygen,") he continued without waiting' for an answer., "I always do at this' 'time of year; and for that sort of thing there's no better .place than Folkestone. By-the-bye,"—here his sly puckered face assumed a semi-mysterious expression—; "perhaps you don't know that Miss. TreveJyan is here 1" "Indeed!" said'Torrena, in a studi ously indifferent tone. " I was not aware of it." "Yes, and what's more, she is sitting yonder, not twenty yards, from us with her aunt, Mrs. Mortimer, and—ahem !— j Gerestein. I thought it best to give you , a hint, as under the circumstances meeting might be unpleasant, you know." "On the contrary," was the young! man's unexpected reply, "I shall be de-j lighted to see Miss Trevelyan. And, fol lowing his not a little astonished guide, he soon found himself in the presence of the trio in question, consisting of a strik ingly handsome girl, elaborately attired in one of M. Worth's latest ''creations," a middle-aged chaperon, and a stout, ■over- dressed personage of unmistakably Teuton nationality!. j " I have brought you an old acquaint ance, ladies," said Gabbleton, with an insufferably self-satisfied grin. " Our friend Torrens has just landed, and is impatient to present his homage at the ahrine of beauty, A charming surprise, isn't it I" If one might judge from the effect pro duced on the three Bitters by this intro duction of the new comer, the surprise prepared for them was startling rather than agreeable. Each of the party be trayed in a greater or less degree very de cided symptoms of embarrassment. Mrs. Mortimer blushed through her pearl pow der, her niece turned ashy pale, while Herr Gerestein fidgeted uncomfortably on his chair, and glanced at the stranger with a distrustful eye. The only person —excepting, of course, the irrepressible Tommy—who appeared thoroughly at his ease was Torrens himself. After a cour teous salutation addressed to both ladies, and the slightest possible acknowledg ment of the German's sulky inclination of the head, he took his seat beside Miss Trevelyan, and entered into conversation with her in a low tone. "I suppose I ought to congratulate you," be began, as unconeernedly as if be were alluding to to the fineness of the weather, and looking at her full in the face as he spoke. " It is rather late in the day, perhaps, but the news of your engagement only reached me a week ago." " Yon can do as you like," she replied, nervously toying with her parasol, and evidently struggling hard to maintain her composure. " I can scarcely expect you to take any interest now in what concerns me." "You are wrong, Gertrude,"said Tor rens, gravely, but kindly. "A man must always feel interested in the future of the girl he has. loved, even when/' he added, with a slight; shade of bitterness in his voice, " he - has been deliberately thrown over. I am not reproaching you," he added, in answer to a pleading look from her beautiful eyes. " I perfectly understand that you have preferred the substance to the shadow, and acknow ledge my inferiority. It is not probable that we shall meet again, for some time at least; but, believe me, I sincerely trust that the path yon have chosen may be a happy one." With these words, and a cordial grasp of her hand, he rose from his seat, and alleging to Mrs. Mortimer; by way of ex cuse for his departure, bis wish to catch the evening train, soon after left the gar dens. " He takes it coolly enough, I must ssy," muttered Gabbleton to himself, and by jive, he's well out of it. Unless I am very much mistaken, if this match ever does come off, it's my private opinion that our friend Gerestein will find that he has got a handful 1" * * # * It was the old story of love versus lucre, a contest for supremacy too often resulting, as in the present instance, in the triumph of the latter. That Egerton Torrens, a younger son and a briefless barrister, with little to recommend him but his good looks and a recognised posi tion in society, should have fallen a vic tim to the charms of Gertrude Trevelyan, one of the prettiest girls of the season, was in the established order of things; that their intimity shbttld baveyripenjsd^ into something ihom Khun £ merel?afl room flirtation, was -aqnilly inteH$j$>le. Bat thafciMt&t; of tb«o^^%.Awo imagined Ibe possibility of nyinog the exploded dumeta of " love in ,*! cottage," would in the eyes of the world have been simply preposterous. Gertrude, an or de^aodemjt,. |m *de«ii*»e matable ideaa of that ambitious and aofiSi'matroii, to recoup her by an ''advahtageooa' marriage for the cost of her maintenance and the anxiety insepar able from the offioe of chaperon. It vu, therefore, Mw. Moitimert; bounden duly to discourage by eve^ means ihhbrpowerthe palpable absurdity, of a misplaced fajniliarity on the part of her nieca with anyone so notoriously it^ eligible as a " detrimental." Fortunately for her projects, matters had hot gone ao far as to render her in terference ineffectual. This lovers were still contentedly en joying the prwimt trod^llhd themselves overmuch about the future» 'nor indeed wppld tb® question of ways hod means,if it had happeoed to be dis cussed by them, have presented itself to either in h particularly reassuring As farm Gertrnde waa TOncerufSd, shebad literally no better erpectancIeB' than the ' milkmaid tin the song; while the few hundredaa y^ar that Torrens could call hiB own, an income barely iufficieot for his bachelor wanta, could by no stretch of ingenuity be relied upon to satisfy the requirements of a Benedict. ThiB he knew perfectly well, bat the temptation was too strong for him. One glance from the damsel's bright eyes, one clasp I of her hand, put to flight in an instant ! all prudential considerations, >and left him more hopelessly entangled in the toils than ever. On her side Miss Trevelyan, although fully appreciating the exclusive privilege of monopolising the attentions of one of the handsomest men and best waltzers in London, and far from disinclined to indulge in a personal experience of " love's yoong dream," w^s not alto gether insensible to the effect prodnoed by heir beauty on the world at large. She could not for the life of her refrain from certain displays of feminine coqnetry which in reality meant nothing, bnt ap peared to mean a great deal. ThiB had the two-fold result of arous ing Egerton's jealouBj, and of satisfying Mrs. Mortimer that she had still material to work upon ; more especially as her ar guments were backed, by. the advent, of a powerful auxiliary in the person of Her mann Gerestein, the head of an Aoglo Germsn house in the Gity, and a pro fessed admirer of her niece. Kb one knew exactly who he was, or how he had made his money; bnt as common report credited him with the possession of a con siderable fortune, and bis recent pnrchase of a mansion in Park Lane was an indis putable fact, people in general were con tent to take his solvency for granted, and asked no further questions about him. That Gertrude was flattered by bis un disguised homage her aunt saw plainly enough, and loBt no opportunity of pro fiting by it. His wealth and the mani fold advantages derivable therefrom were continually dwelt upon by the manoeuvr ing lady, and the absolute folly of throw ing such a chance away was persistently hinted at. Little by little the object of her importunities began involuntarily to compare the brilliant prospect held out to her with the undesirable position of a poor man's wife, to whom a house in Park Lane must needs be a myth, and a modest home in an unfashionable quarter of the town an unavoidable necessity. Torrens was not slow either to perceive the change in her manner, or to guess its cause. The city magoate's devotion to Miss Trevelyan had of late been too marked to admit of any doubt as to his intentions. By way, therefore, of bring ing matters to a crisis, he abruptly taxed her with inconstancy ; and, carried away by his feelings, urged bis prior claimB to her affection in so resentful a tone tbat at length, stung by his reproaches, she haughtily repudiated the idea of any en gagement on her part, and gave him clearly to understand tbat she considered herself bound to reciprocate his attach ment by no tie or promise whatever. Shortly after this decisive rejection Egerton started for the Continent, and for the next two or three months strove to forget his disappointment by wander ing about from place to place until the day when,.as w£ have seen, he and Ger trude unexpectedly met each other at Folkestone. : His reflections, as he was whirled away oorthward on the following morning with the usual rapidity of the " Flying Scotch man," were by no means of a pleasurable character. Even the alluring prospect of his favourite sport on the moors failed to divert his mind from the trying interview of the preceding afternoon. It had re vived all the paiufnl memories of the past, which he had vainly imagined were for gotten. Secure as he felt himself against any return of his infuristion, he never theless bitterly regretted that chance should have again thrown them together, and once more exposed him to the peril ous influence of her beauty. Time, how ever, and the congenial society of a joy ous band, roughing it with true sports manlike equanimity in an anomalous structure by courtesy called a shooting box, gradually acted as a panacea on his over-strung imagination. The presence, moreover, of a " ministering angel," in the person of his host's sister, who pre sided over the household arrangements of the improvised establishment, contri buted not a little to distract his thoughts from the one idea which had hitherto ex clusively preoccupied them. Annie Thornton, a bright-eyed, fair haired lassie, in her capacity of general > purveyor to the requirements of her guests, wm precisely tiie right girl in the '3roice, <* in - exj^lenAfpog in wbm*n/V|^ fit Irhtah one of iter visitors at least free folly capable of appreciating. Nomore effectual rare for a, "mind dUe«ed" could bave W devUed tb^ the socie tjrof, in every respect, sosym patbetie a hostess. Before a fortnight had elapsed since his arrival, began to regard a stroll on the heather in her oompany as infinitely preferable to the best day's sport, and—although he [hrhttld hardly have ventured to confess as imnibb—hod a dawning perception that j Ihe image of Gertrude Trevelyira was in imminent danger of being permanently replaced by thatofAnuie Thornton. .*• The idea that this might possibly be •the case both startled and embarrassed him, and he felt half inclined to put him self out of the way of temptation by in venting a plausible excuse for his imme diate return to Icndon, H# was not vein enough to imagine that After eb short en acquaintance he had succeeded In producing A S favourable impression, And had no fancy for being rejected a second time. Thus, inclination pointing one way and a by nb means pleasant ex perience the other, be resembled a tra veller between two cross roads, uncertain which to take, and looking in-vaih for a finger-post to indicate the right one. A eolation of the difficulty, however, was at hand, and coming from a totally unexpected quarter. One evening, when—Harcourt and Stansbnry, the other two guests, had re tired early to rest after a hard day's deer-stalking—he and Fred Thornton were enjoying a final pipe together, the latter with apparent unconcern aBked his friend what his plans were on leaving Scotland. " Nothing fixed," replied Egerton " haven't thought of them yet." "Ah," said Fred, "it's lucky that someone has thought of them for yon. Shall I tell *you what you are going to do ? Ton are going to marry Annie." "Annie!" echoed Torrens, staring at the speaker as if in doubt whether he had heard aright. " Miss Thornton !" " Miss Thornton, if yon prefer it," coolly retorted his companion. "Do yon suppose I have no eyes 1'' " I don't understand," stammered ont Egerton. "Yes you do. Now, let ns be logical. What do people generally come to the moors fori Sport. How many times have you been ont with us since you came 1 Three or four at most. Ergo, you have found metal more attractive elsewhere. Is that clear or not 1" "I assure you, I have never said a word " " That's your own fault," interrupted Fred. " As this does not happen to be leap year, you couldn't expect her to say it for you could yon 1 Joking apart," he continued in a more earnest tone, " I have set my heart on having my old chnm for a brother-in-law, and for two very good reasons : first, because I have a very i strong suspicion that you like Anuie, and secondly, because I am certain she likes you." " Did she tell you so 1" eagerly asked Egerton. "Never mind. Perhaps she will tell you if you ask her; and between our selves, I shouldn't be in the least sur prised if you did so to-morrow. " Nor I," said Torrens, heartily ; and with a cordial shake of the hand the friends separated for the night. That the result of the projected inter view proved entirely satisfactory to both parties concerned may be inferred from our hero's departure at the end of the week for his father's seat in Cheshire, by way of personally announcing his in tended marriage. " A mere matter of form," he said to Fred. " Beyond mak ing me a younger son's allowance of five hundred a year, the governor troubles himself very little ■ about my concerns. Whether I take to myself a wife or re main single it is perfectly indifferent to him. If I were my brother Augustus, and heir to Somerton, any such step on my part would be an affaire d'etat ; but as it is, if, like Lord Privilege in ' Peter Simple,' he holds out two fingers instead of one, I shall consider myself highly honoured." Things, however, turned out far better than Egerton had anticipated. On hear ing that the financd was the daughter of his old acquaintance, Admiral Thornton, Mr. Torrens, senior, deigned to express his approval of the match, and, moreover, gracionsly signified his intention of in creasing his son's allowance to a thousand a year: which, thought the latter, to gether with Annie's modest portion, would enable them to set up housekeep ing pretty comfortably. He betook, himself, therefore, after a stay of several days, to town in high spirits. The train from Scotland by which his bride-elect and her brother were travel ling, not being yet due, he strolled into bis club, where the first person he met was the inevitable Tommy Gabbleton, who fastened on him like a leech. " You have heard the news ?" he gasped in a tremor of excitement. " What news I" aBked Torrens, smiling at the little man's excitement. " Any thing fresh from Zululand 1" "Bother Zululand!" he retorted, in dignantly. " Gerestein has bolted !" " Bolted ! what on earth do you mean!" " Given his creditors leg-bail, if you like it better," pursued Tommy. " The most complete smash the city has known for years. Offices closed, and not a shil ling in the shape of assets !" "Yon astonish me," said Egerton. " Gerestein the millionaire !" "Millionaire, pooh ! a sham, air, a most iniquitous sham. How he managed to keep afloat so long it a puzzle to every one; but now the bubbte'a burst, the house io Park Lane in the market, and not a stick of furniture paid for." ,:,W T And Q«rtrndl~>MiBl Trevelyan, how does ahebe||it1 ^ , '. -"Ah, ■ "«>»» down for fce|i is'nt it ?" chuckled Gabbleton, mali-; ciously. btbkeii off, ofeoune, and Mrs. Mortimer'* poky drawing-room io Bryanaton-atreet, instead of a boudoir looking on the park. Bat I wouldn't pify her if I were you. She's not a Calypao, qui ne pouvait ae con«oler, you kno|r»f% which he spoke withan accent atrociously savouring of home manufacture. " Quite the reverse, I should aay. Pepend upon it, she has a substitute inher eye already ; and Heaven help him, whoever he is! Return to herfirat love, perhaps," he added, with a side glance at Torrens. With -which reflection -the little man hustled away in search of fresh listeners, while Torrens beguiled the monotony of a solitary dinner by pondering over the strange news he bad just heard, and conn ting the hours which still separated him from Annie, £ -■ ;* . * * '• .* # Some four months later, a party of six were assembled at dinner in one of the prettiest detached villas of South Ken sington, the residence of the widowed Mrs. Thornton^ It was their first family gathering einoe the coming home of Eger ton and his bride, from their honeymoon trip, and included, in addition to the hostess, the young couple and Fred, Cap taio Augustus Torrens, of the Blues, who had officiated as best man at the wedding, and Annie's bosom friend, Carrie Wether ell, a lively little brunette who had also figured on that auspicious occasion in the character of bridesmaid. With such congenial elements it is needless to say that the conversation never flagged for an instant. The cap tain was in high feather, and kept np a running fire of " chaff" with Miss Carrie, which that damsel, nothing loth, returned with interest; while Mrs. Thornton,~with maternal solicitude, was busily engaged in discussing with Annie the important question of " ways and means." "I am so glad darling," she said, " that yon like the house I have taken for you.!' " It is perfectly delightful, mamma. Think how nice for me to be so near you when Egerton is at his chambers ?" " Chambers!" interrupted Captain Au gustus, glancing at the speaker with real or affected amazement. " What does a married man want with chambers 1" " Annie doesn't approve of me leading an idle life," said his brother demurely. " So I intend to put my shoulder to the wheel, and Fred will pass me a brief now and then, when he has any to spare." This allusion to Mr. Frederick Thorn ton, who, though some years Egerton's senior at the bar, had hitherto signally failed in convincing the attorneys of his forensic ability, was received with a roar of laughter, in which none more heartily joined than the good-humoured object of the joke. " Well," he retorted, "if by any very improbable contingency you should be de prived of that advantage,"—here the merriment doubled—" and are unable to earn an honest penny in a legitimate way, you have always Annie's jewel-case to fall back upon. Tour governor's pearl necklace will keep you both out of the workhouse at any rate for a year or two." " Oh, Fred, how can you !" exclaimed the youthful maiden, properly shocked at the idea. " As if you didn't know that, with his talent, a man iB sure to make his fortune sooner or later." " There mat be such phenomena, san guine sister mine," gravely responded her incorrigible brother; " but like Brummell and the half-penny, I give you my word that I never saw one." " By the way, Egerton," remarked the Captain, " talking of making fortunes, I met an old acquaintance of yours in the park to-day; Lady Berringfield, looking as pale as a ghost." " Was she not the beautiful Miss Tre velyan 1" enquired Carrie. "The same, but so awfully gone off that 1 scarcely knew her. She has hardly been married two months, and looks as if Bhe had all the cares of the world on her shoulders. No wonder, with a husband like Croesus Berringfield, as they call him. Greatest brute alive." " L'argent oe fait pas toujours le bon heur!" sentimentally chimed in Miss Wetherall. " At all events," said Egerton rather sadly, "she has acted according to her lights, and chosen the substance. Whereas," he continued, fondly glanc ing at Annie, "a young lady who shall be nameless has charitably contented her self with the shadow." " And a very substantial shadow too," added the irrepressible Fred. "Six feet two in his stockings, and grown so fear fully stout that, when we meet next week at Somerton, he will be lucky if he finds a horse able to carry him !" A Good Remedy for a Cold.—On going to bed take a dose of Freeman's Chloro dyne, either in water or camphor mixture. The diaphoretic action of this excellent remedy speedily produces a general glow, followed by a free perspiration, during which the pulse improves iu character from a feeble to a full, clastic one, a good night's sleep is obtained, and on waking in the morning the cold will be found to have disappeared. The certainty of the action of Freeman's Chlorodyne is very remarkable in Ague ; it frequently pre vents an attack, or, failing this, reduces the violence of the ague fit to a mini mum. In . many countries Freeman's Chorodyne has entirely superseded the use of Quinine, and in the tea gardens of India nothing else is given for Ague and other forms of Fever. Insist upon having "Freeman's" only. Trade mark, an Elephant. Obtainable from all chemists and storekeepers. A Lame Back is a Torment. It is usually ascribed either to strain or to rheumatism. Nine times out of ten it is kidney disease. Be wise in time, take Br. Bell's (Kidney and Liver) Bitters for your lame back, and avoid the dangers of which it is the warning. 