An English Ghost Story. Lady Hoby is again said to be haunting Bis ham Abbey, and is causing no little sensa tion. She was th9 wife of the English am bassador to the Court of France in 1566. The abbey is the most historic religions honse in Berkshire, and in one of the apartments is a peculiar painting iepreeenting the lady with a very white face and hands, dressed in the coif, weeds, and wimple then allowed to a baronet's lady. In this identical dress, it is most strongly averred, she has been frequently seen in one of the bedrooms of the Abbey, with a self- supporting basin moving before her, in which she is perpetually trying to wash her hands, but the most remarkable part of the story is that the bo-called apparition al ways appears in the negative, viz., the black part white and tbe white part bleck. The story, as now told by the domestics and vil lagers, is that she beat her son William to death because he could not write without making bi-ita, and a singular part of the tale is thata short time ago, in altering the shut ters of the dining-room, a great number of children's copy- books of the time of Queen Elizabeth were discovered pushed between the joists of the floor, some of which answered exactly to the tale as if the child could not write a single line without making a blot, ^either the domestics at the Abbey nor the aVHaeent villagers will hear one word against the narrative. -London Letter in the Phila delphia Telegraph. " I wish to know the amount of lumber re ceived at this port annually, from the north," said Daacon Fitch, walking up and down the sanctum with his eyes on the carpet. "I wonder whom I had better apply to for the figures." "That's an easy one," said Mr. Upton, Bmiling good-humoredly at his chief's over sight of an obvious source of information. " Shall I ring for the commercial editor ? " " Oh no, no," the Dercon exclaimed, mo tioning his obliging subordinate to keep his seat: " It isn't for the paper; the figures are needed to guide me in a private investment. I want the truth." 