LOCAL A M ) GEiSKRAU. R etubn of the P remier.—'Ihe Under-St-cretary, Mr T. B. Holly, is in receipt of a communication from the Hon. Dr. Agnew, who has been on a visit to Melbourne, staling th at he expects to reach Hobart by the express on Friday eve-nine next, and will le at his office the foil ywing morning. T binitt Bells.—W e arc requested to draw attoution to a letter which appears iu another column in reference to repairing Trinity Chu ch bells, I t appears that at the pre-eut lime the belfry is in an unsafe condition, and before the bells arc agaiu “ jrealed ’’ about £GQ will have to be speul. The churchwardens have no funds in hand for such a purpose, but us they deem tho “ ringing of the belts " a public benefit, they havedetermiued to appeal to the generosity of the public. The following genllemrn have kindly consented to receive subscriptions :—B. fihaw, W. H. W hiiboura, T. F, Rigley. II. K. Rex, E. J . Rogers, C. Graham*?, C. Lunrsden. Th e E se D isistbb.—T he Treasurer ha* authorised ao enquiry to be made into the recent groundjng of the T.ti.N. Co.'s Esk on the Hebe Reef. W ith a view to consulting the convenience of the majority of tue witnesses, it h&s; been decided to have the investigation made in Hobart. F ood. — A correspondent w rites: — “ Having r-ad in 2'asmaniati News of Satnrduy last the article from the Jlritish Medical Journal, recommending the working classes to eat more vegetables and better cooking of meat, aud the beneficial effect of vegetarianism, I beg to state through your journal, if you wjll kipdly allow me, that I was brought up in a small town im ho west of England, the county being noted for tall, wclb formed young men, tho majority of whom seldom tasted meat more titan once a wtelr, working twelve hours a day. For many year* past they have lived on what is generally considered better food and working two houra less daily, yet the scaturc is diminished, and as a proof thereof the British Government some years since hao to iowe? the stature for the army. le a n vouch frog} iqy own observation from the shortening of tho yqung men now to what they were fifty years siufcp. Vegetarianism is by some artizans fallowed here with economical and beneficial effects, together with the use of brown bread in part if not altogether. Such diot is good foj tlje young aud old especially. O te who wishos to see more economy and taring part of their earningw for occasional noD-emp'.oymost, sickncFs, or old age." MrNiciPAL Council—The siual meeting of the above council will be held at the Town Hail on Monday neu, when the following reporta will be received from th e rm io n s committees:— Public W orks—Petition with reference toeew er io front of premises, No. 239, 141, and 143, Elizabeth street Letter from M r G. If. Plowman, complaining of a -fee charged to him under the'’ Building Act. Lighting—Letter fram Messrs Harford and Co., bringing uxjer notice a patent automatic gas regutatpr. 0 ;d rs of the D ay—Comideration |of Kpeaiaf report of the health -cjmmutee, with refeience to M r J. B, W ilkinK t's shed. M r Aldermea Crouoh to more, “ That the Municipal Klectioa.Act jbe amended as follows, vie.-:—1st—That u voting papers shall be informal unless they contain the required number of names. 2nd—That after every general j w election a list bo prepared and exhibited s of all ratepayers who did not vote, and h all names th a t appear for two successive L occasions o s this list, shall be om itted C from the list of persons qualified to vote at the next general election." P D erwekt R owing Club R egatta,— a The preliminary heats in connection with this regatta, which takes place .next M Saturday afternoon, off Jthe club’s sheds o commenced last evening, vrhen X Todd, i and T. Robinson met for the first heat p t in the senior sculls. M r A. F. Sharland, who acted as starter and judge, got the boats away to a good start, and a splendid race took place to the top buoy. Robinson making a very bad tu rn gave Todd the advantage, who won as he liked. “ Tne CAinoLic Standied I u addition to the usual church items and local intelligence, the Standard contains the full text of the pastoral letter issued by the Cardinal and Bishops of Australasia who assembled at the Plenary Council of Sydney, along with a circular from His Lordship the Bishop of H obart, which will be read with interest by all Bomsn Cathjlics. In a timely leader briefly trusting of t v-e burning question of Home Rule, the editor remarks : “ W o shall watch the battle for Ireland’s rig h t with ever increasing interest, and hope the Grand Old Man himself, whose foreign policy we cannot always approve of, may live to see thill great stroke of Home policy realised as necessary by the ma* jority of those wh? now so energetically oppose it." Hbieev&s.;—A number of the non-co: mhs'Oned officers of the above branch the defence forces attended a t the Drill Rcom in the barracks last night, where they ware cxorcitci in squad d rill by Sergeant-Major O'Bepherty, their structor. TisiiANJiN E noikeebs.—A bout sixty members of the Torpedo Corp, paraded at the Drill Yard, Lower Macquarie street, last night, Lieutenout McdoD&ld; being in command. The men were exercised in •ubmsrine mine testing etc., under their instructor. Sergeant-Major Falconer. During th e evening, the extra equipments, which had been issued for the encampment, ware returned into the store. Concert.—St. John’s schoolroom was completely filled last evening, the occasion being the third of thou} popular concerts given by the members of St. Andrew's Association. A lengthy programme consisting of songs, recitations, and musical selections was gone through, the performers all acquitting themselves admirably. Mrs C. Bltliam opened the ball hv a pianoforte solo, followed by M r W. T. Brownell in a song “ T ell her I love her so" which was well received. “ The love tide " by M r A. H ill, was sueceded by a recitation, " The Execution by M r Brooks, which received an encore Song, “Caller H errin" by Mi6& Bargh, and & duet by Messrs Packer and Clcrbe brought the first ]wrt of the programme to a cl- sr. After a few minutes interval, a pianoforte solo, by Miss Macmillan, was foUowtd by songs from M essrs H nod Burgh, and Messrs F. M. Clcrkc, \Y T. Brownell and A. F. B. H ull, und second iufltctiou by M r Brook*, whii merited reprtit ioD,brought a plca.-ant eve mg to a cbm?. M r 0 . hh li un ollicmtrd u conductor, end a great deal of tb success of the evening is due to his energy and forethought. Bazaah.- A feupp'ementary bazaar in aid ol the Davcj- street WeirJeyan P a r­ sonage Fund, was held yesterday, in the Mechanics’ Hall, Melville street. Most of tlie tilings shown were le ft over from (lie previous bazaar, but &M; imbcrof articles had also becu added to them The stalls were ranged along etch side the room, and the d-splayof tilings the: on presented a very neat nppearan and a capital business was done. The bazaar wus opsned at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, when there was a very'good attendance, and in the evening the attendance was much larger. I t was announced during the evening that th e things remaining unsold would be sold by auction next week. H arvest Thanksgiving S ecvjcb.—A service of this character w as held in tit. David's Osth-»dral Jart night, a t which very large congregation. The he church was very prettily ornamented with wreaths of crosses aud flowers, interspersed with cereals and fruit of all descriptions. T he baptismal f-nt was strikingly beautiful, being one mass of while chryssntbemunis.The choir was 70 strong, and the following clergy were present:—His Loidriiip the Bishop, Dean Dundas, Canons A. Mason aud Banks-Smith. and the Revs. F. D. U. hirrainger (New Norfolk), J . B. W . Woolnougli (Defence F o rets),]!. Marten (Kcaistrar).G Drequet (M ission Church), A. Martin (Gorerament iiisiilutions), S. B. Fookcs (All Saints), .1. H . Rousoil (Clarence), H. R. Fin∈ (St. John’s), G. Dillon (at. George's). Canon Mason read the first lesson from D ent. 16. find the Bishop the second, from Revelations 1-i. The Dean preached a very impressive sermon, the m ain point being *• Is it right to ask God to intercede with the laws of nature." T he musical arrangements were under the control of Dr. Miller (who presided n tthcorgau), and they went off w ithout a hitch. At the conclusion of tho service the Bishop thauked the choristers fo r their assist- P bopkhty Sale.—W e draw attention toM >W . Sherwio’s sale of city, suburban, and couutry properties, which takes place a t Messrs Roberta and C o/s mart, M urray street, at 12 o’clock to-morrow* S t. J ohn's C a n n es.—Tfie annual leameeting in conocciion w ith 6t. John's Churchwill bo held i& th e schoolroom on Friday ovoning next.' T h e proceeds will be in aid of the o^gan fund. . M b White’s E-itite.—T he dividend on Mr W . M. W hite's rstate is now payable at the office of M essrs Roberts aqd Allport, Stone Buildings. T hanks.—By advertisement in another column M. A. Goldie returns thanks to those who assisted in putting out the fire at his house in B athurst street yesterday morning. N orth-W est Coast T badr.—Tbe N orth’A’eft Coast, having tasted the Bwveti of d rect steam communication with Melbourne, is now extending in diate steam trade with Sydney and Brisbane. M rR . W. Dennett, representative of tho firm of M essrs Dennett, Little aud Co.,of Sussex street, Sydney, informs ns that the firm in question hake chartered the sister steamers, Ueakcth and Dingadee, from the Australasian 6 N. Conipiny, and these boat* Mill alternately run between Sydacy and the Mersey, t>ia Circular H caJ. The firm intond'to carry purchased produce generally, but 100 tons per trip will be set apart for shippers. Messrs Bennett. L ittle and Co, have already purchased i<XOOO t ins of produce on ilio coast, mostly potatoes,' and these will |ip shipped l>y weekly instalment* of 6H0 tons. Fortions of these shipments will lie transhipped in the company's other ho^j.s for Queensland ports.' _ Tho HpBkoth le ft Ftrm by Tuesday with G000 bngsjof potatoes and grain, and will be followed by the DJogadee. Tlie want of wharf accommodation at Formby is beipg aevo-elv felt by the firm, they haring,to carry tue potatoes a distance of 20 yatfls •crofs the wharf from the trucks, thus entailing an additional expense of 9d per ton. M r Bennett inform# us that jin future his i t amers will proceed up t^ e Mersey to t ie ballast grouqd, ebnaiqucDt on iho Government having increased the freight chargee botwten Latrobe and Formby, tbo tiqaV, cost of carria e, handling, and loadijig1 -between those places now costing 4s Her per ton. The H< ik eth and DingadcC' arc slater boats, and have been specially* constructed for river traffic, their draught consequently being light, and with, a cargo of,000 ions'. tf by draw only, lift, They are built of tte< i,"being constTmctjoT in 1883 at Sunderland, and are fitted steam winches and all other aeeessary appliances. M r W illiam Jones bees appointed local agent at for Messrs Bennett, L ittle and City P olice Court.—At the City Court to-day the Police Magistrate M r Alfred Crisp, J.P ., occupied the nek. Honors Crooks and Bridgot were each fined 6s, with the 7 days, for having been drunk and street. George Mason not guilty to having resisted police in the execution ef th e ir duty. P. C. W ebster deposed that ho arrested defendant for creating a disturbance in Barrack street, when be became very violent, and tore witness's tunic. Having been twice convicted oF a similar offence, be wan fined 20s Gd, with the option of odo month in gaol. Judge v. W n . Lynch, claim fo r £1 ]4n ~' as fees for maintenance of his mother the New Town Charitable Institution. Defendant deposed th at he had not had the means to pay as he had been out of work for three months. The magistrates declined to make an order for the payment of the amount, as defendant had j means to pay it. Judge v. Hawthorn, similar claim. A fter bearing the evidence of the defendant, and having examined his financial condition, the b?ncb refused to make th e order. The cases of Catley v, Jam es Gallagher and Frederick tiumsion for non-payment of hospital fees, were adjourned sine die. Those of Thomas Cole, John Huxtable, and Michael Lydcu, were w ithdraw n; and in those of M ichael Briggs and John Birth, the bench refosed to make the order. Alex. Stock was ordered to pay per week for a month, and luU&r; Sangwell was ordered to pay the full amount of £.) within one month Colin Bain, on remand, charged by D.C. Franklin with larceny as a bailee of a silver watch and chain, the property of M r Burrows, to the value of £3, pleaded not guilty. Robert Burrows deposed that he had left the watch defendant’s to be repaired some three months ago, and had bot got it back yet; he had been for it several times. He told defendant that if he had sold or pledged it he would go with him and redeem it, but defendant said he had not given it away or pawned it. In defence Bain said that he either lent or mislaid the watch, and he had been round to all the pawnbrokers in the city and he could not get the watch. The magistrate said that the evidence could not convict Bain for larceny as a bailee, and he therefore discharged him, but Mr Burrows could bring a civil action against defendant for the amount claimed. This concluded the business and the Court rose. A Broken L kg.—A young man named H. W . Ransleigh was adm itted to the General Hospital about 10 o’clock last night, suffering from a broken leg. He stated th at he was in a skittle alley at O'Brien's Bridge, when his foot caught in a piece of board, twisting his leg aud breaking it. F ound D ead.—An inquest was held on Monday lo ti on the remains of the n . ho , was , found « , dead , in D, l the : , bush f { nrnr Uatlands. on SaturdBj last, before .M rT .L 1U)rrf1, l d (roTOm -r),..11l . ]Ury o f , A V r,5.,ct Ka: ‘° " 't olTcct tlj.U lio decoded Bad hr.-,, t a 'a l d.od, hut that there vtas to evidence to how be came by his death. T he H olloway Company. —We are pleased to observe that at tiAndiiurst, as here, our friends, tlie Holloways, are winning golden opinions. Seldom," says the Jkndigo Advertiser, “ has aeoinpany sppiured to 6nch advhntagc as thw one does, each individual member playing into tlie others hands, ro that tlie performance ruus without an hitch. The audience was kept in n continual state of boisterous laughter while the play wa6 proceeding, and at the conclusion of each act, the principal performers were accorded rnthuHastic and prolonged rounds of appfouse." W e hope that this talented troupe will meet with deserved Mtcccss wherever they m ay appear, and can assure them of a huaity welcome should they again pay us a visit. T rades U n io n is m .—T he extension of trades unionism in New South Wales distresses the committee of the Sydney Chamber of Commerce, who make some special rem arks on this su b jid in their annual report just published. The report, snys th e persistent agitation by trade unions to muintnin the rate of wages and short hours, notwithstanding the lessened cost of living aud the serious reduction in the value of all leading products, added severity to tbe eommereiul crisis. Gn*nt sympathy must lie felt, it is remarked, lor large number* of tbe unemployed, and the consequent distress prevailing ; but if they «vrc to meet the times and were content, as nil have to be, to take what is attainable, they would do much to hell) tb<inselves, Irssen tlie denretsion, and en rurage the invcrtnient of capital. The committee express the hope that there will be a ti;rn of the tide before long, and th a t tbe o is a good season before the colony, which will create new confidence and courage. The roport proceeds:—Even the miny insolv eir-s which have taken place v toad to a change for the belter. They will clear the commercial atmosphere and restore business to a sounder and satisfactory footing. Those whose actions were now hampered by over-speculation would bo free to exercise tbeii energies in new directions, assisted by the lessons so dearly bought. The committee hoprd that a new form of arbitration boud would soon come into more general age. It was also hop id that efforts would be made to secure a reduction on the excessive charges for New Zealand telegrams. Tnn D efaulter W alker.—The Melbourne correspondent of the Christian Colonist, who was with W nlkcrin Hobart a few weeks back, writes as follows " All the while at the Y.M .C.A meeting, and the Y.W.C.A. meeting, I was haunted by the ghost of Alex. W alker. I remember well the whole Bljle of the m&B;, as I met him for the first time at the Intercolonial Y.M.C.A. Conference ; his face, wearing that haunted look which I have so often noted in offend rs, rises continually before me. I d nothing, perhaps, is it harder to 'ju d g e righteous judgm ent’ than ii cams like theso. On ihe one hand w< want to carry out the Scottish lurd’i Christ an injunction to ‘Gently scan your briter man.” On tho other hand wo do not wish to ‘ regard persons’ judgment. There docs not Beam at first sight any reason why wc should show moro pity for tfio roan who, occupying a position abovo the reach of pressing need, steals money by hundreds of thousands of pounds than wc should for the vulgar footpad who forcibly appropriates the contents of a passers-by’s purse. W hat excites compassion is, no uoubl, the contrast between the “ respectable” offenders' position iu prism and that of the professional pickpocket. To the former, prison js a place of real punishment; to thp latter it may be rather a haven of refugo than otherwise While, hewover, we wish to temper mercy w ith justice in our estimate of every offender, it would be a very uu righteous proceeding to omit from our consideration the extent to which the guilt of offenders like Crooks and Walker S# increased by the confidence reposed 4n them, and the ropjnsibilily devolved upon them As we reckon it noble to honor ft tru st reposed, it must he base to betray it. Furthermore, men like those named above must have known how largdy their downfall would affect not individuals only, but Christian institutions. That knowledge adds greatiy to their g u i l t . * , ' _______ Ambricdn relieve you. See 