Cobblestones: it Village Doctor's Story. By James Ciocgh. Author of 'Wilson Smith's Ghost,' 'Piet van Rbyn,' ' Mietje'a Lovers,' &c.; [Author's Eight* Reserved.) The weather of Christmas. 1879, was in mott parts of the country unusually severe. Every where— especially in PlumbUvad, where I reside ?-after the usual greeting! of the seaion. was heard the remark, 'A real old-fashioned Erjghih Christmas'' to which the general reply was, ' Yea, that it is, and no mistake 1' It W8B the last day of the year, and the weather was fearfully inclement. The snow lay deep on the ground, and still it fell ; the wind blew in fitful gusts, and drifts were formed in the most unexpected situations, quite altering trie face ot tho country. It he came almost an impossibility to move out ol doors, and no one did bo unless absolutely com pelled. The wild expanse of plain around Plurnbland is for miles wholly given up to agriculture, and yet not a laboring man could procure work. He might shiver, and freeze, and starve, but not a day's work oould be obtained, so that the 'odd hands,' of whom the township was principally composed, were obliged to remain at home and go through the above-mentioned process of shivering, freezing, and starving unless the local charities, in which tfumbland was rich, would take them in hand. A long ceries of bad harvests had effectually pre vented any of the laboring class from saving money ; and though Christmas day is usually a happy merry time, yet in periods of depression St must never be forgotten by the wealthy that Baint Kent Day always comes in company of tbe great festival of the poor. It wab the remembrance of this latter cir cumstance that made me turn out to the meeting of the Flumbland Local Board on the 31st of December, 1879. I am the village doctor, and might readily have persuaded myself that it would not be amiss for me to remain at home to husband my strength in case £ should be oalled out for a night visit. But the Local Board were, for the purposes of these charities, obliged to consult their medical officer, and therefore I wrapped myrelf upiu my thickest clothing, bound a scarf over my ears, pulled a soft felt hat over that, and marched off to the place of ren dezvoup. Fortunately our chairman, Mr. Elliot, had called the meeting at the Eagle, or my resolution might have been shaken ; but knowing I should bu comfortable there if anywhere, 1 faced the beating, blinding, north-west snowstorm, and stepping resolutely through the drifts, at - last had the satisfaction of arriving, at the inn door, where mine host, old Tom Hardcastlo, met me with rubicund jolly face, beam'ns briftht enough to thaw the icicles which had already begun to form -m my moustache. ' Well done, doctor,' said Hardcastle ; ' I knew you'd come ! I tuld 'em so ! Now they've got a quorum ! Cume, lut me help you tsliakti oil the Scotch lady's goose feathers! There ! you'll bu as right aB a trivet.' 'Thanks Hardcastle ! who haB come?1' ' Tijere'w Mr. Klliot, farmer Norman, Hope the grocer, and Harrison from tho shoe shop, and you yourtclf, and that's a. quorum.' 'Which room are they in ':' 'In the little parlor! and I'll tell you a secret, doctor ; it thffws in there— for I lmi-le a tire big enough to must an ox !' With a liglit laugh of satisfaction the worthy host opened the door and announced my arrival, whereupon I was greeted heartily by all four. 'Just come to the fire and warm yourself through, doctor, and then we'll to business.' 1 drew up in the vacant scat before the roaring tirp, returned their kindly greetings, and at length announced that I was ready. It is not, however, ray intention to eater into the transactions of thu bourd. Sullice it to fay we apportioned the charity money con scientiously, and, 1 hope, to the sitisfactioo of all cunccrced. This duty over, ia the usual courfie of eventp, we should have returned home, but on thin evening the storm without was .so bnisterous that Aye were all uf us reluc tant to leave the genial fire. 'I think,' saiu our chairman, pulling out his pipe, ' we had bettor stop nere awhile— and— what do yeu euy to ordering su.ue ' cobbloBtonffc '!' ' We scarcely needed his sly wink to enable us to understand his proposal, and we ascord in^ly voted the cobbles unanimously. '1'ull the bell, please, whoever is nearest 1' were the words ia which the chairman notified that the motion was carried, and as the rubi cund face uf mine host made ita appearance hu continued — ' Bring in a good jorum of punch, clean pi|«8 and tobacco, Iiardcastle.' ' Ycb, sir.' ' And bring in another chair aud join us ! We've done busman*, and we want a bit uf a crack !' ' Yes, Eii ; it's a wee bit warmer here than out there, I'll swear.' So Baying mine host disappeared with a friendly smile. H-i HkeJ hits K1'1'^ uf jmndi as w«-ll aa tho best of us. W« naturally began t- pass remarks cm ufrning the night on wluch we were urjt to gether, being between thf) old year au-.l the new — the labt day and the liratday of the sun's courxe hayiiiK had in all civilised cmutrieti a peculiar Hignificancr, a certain occult influence . ditlicult ol explanation, and yet, deeply rooted in the hearts of all. Vain it is for reason to e.xort its sway and tell us that if there are such ' things' as ghosts and other superna tuial fears, tho very fact of their being super natural exempts them from the ordinary aul- strviency to days and yearn. We are but men, creatures of a moment, subject to all kinds of chances and change*, ko much the creatureti of uncertainty tliat even the very utoute&tof; ub must have felt moments when he lisa doubtiugly asked his own reason whether after all it may not be possible that the super natural world is in some sense subservient to tho natural world. We all of us remember the histories in the sacred volume, inatitlud into us in our youth, in which this belief is at loaat distinctly encouraged; and, besides that, there a few of ub who do not joyfully or re ligiously recall to our minds some relative or dear friend, whose veracity it would be treason to doubt, who has related to us, in the most circumstantial way, dreams, or visions, or supernatural events, which we can never nope to understand on this tide of the grave. Huch was the tra:n of thoughts pissing through my mind when Mr. Norman inciden tally remarked : — 'Today is Saint Sylvester's— all the ghosta have holiday !' Such, too, must havu been the thoughts of my companiono, fur a dead silence reigned over all, until host Hardcastle made his appearance with a steaming bowl of punch. The advent of this cheering liquor loosened our tongucn once more, and the conversation be came general. Now during the few moments' Hilence I had by chance glanced towards the chairman. A quiet disdainful smile curled Iub lips, as with the most tantalising, supercilious, disdainful air, he was apparently altogether engrossed in the, manufactuii: of pipo-lights. 1.1c. Klliot was a solicitor and proverbially a very hard nut to crack ; ho used to boast that he had niivi.-r Leon deceived in hia life— excepting, of course, when his understanding as a lawyer in formed him thut it was to his advantage to ceem taken in. As a medical man, and with the experiences of many a ecore of deathbeds, I conies* that my sympathies were all on the aide of believing too much rather than too little, and the chair uian'ii omnisapienl expression tickled me utt a little. By the time, therefore, that Ilavdcastlu had Beated him&elf; comfortably, aud Mr. Klliot bad begun to ladle out the generous liquor, I had screwed up courage to make an attack. 'By the bye, Hardcastle,' I said, 'this in Saint Sylvester, you know, and as Mr. Elliot cannot charge fees for a consultation to day. don't you think we might ask him a question or two '!' Mine host wtiB notedly superstitious, so now the ball hud been set rolling, he picked it up and said :— ' True ! it is Saint Sylvester's ! Thanks, doctor, for reminding me '. I did havu a ques tion for Mr. Elliot.' Haidcastle vinked at me with a mocking pretence of secrecy which made us all laugh, nnd none more so than Mr. Elliot. ' Ask your questions, Hardcastle ': ' leturned he, ' and you'll be a rich man if you never pay any thing till you see a ghost !' 'Stop, stop! Mr. Klliot !' cried he, '1 ho iv seen a ghout ! and now I've got a question at law to aak you !' 'Well?' said Mr. Elliot, assuming a pro fessional air. 'Well, if a man injures me I have an action at law agiiinbt him— have I not ?' 'Certainly, action of battery, action of trespai-K, aud so on.' 'Well now, if a ghost injures mo— how then ';' ' Bring him into court, Hardcastle, and hang me if 1 don't get something out of him— or you .'?' A general and hearty laugh at my host 'a expense greeted this Bally, but Host llardcaatle W88 not the man to be beaten so easily. 'Stop a minute, Mr. Elliot, and I'll put my case before you. Of course, I know that an action of battery ceases when the defendant is d«sad— but my case is different— far ! Here's old Tim Taylor, that I bought this buRiooss of. Well, he's been dead a matter of ten yeara come Martinmas, and he left neither kith nor kin, neither will nor testament behind him, so his moDe.y wtnt to the Queen,' 'Of course— he died intestate.' ' Very well ! I dare say you know what's comiog, gentlerr.en?' We did know what waa conang, for the story -if Tim Taylor's choat was a matter of common conversation in Flumbland. 'Well, then! you know that weeks and weeks after old Tim died hit) ghost camp every l i;ht and tat in the middle of the cellar ! ' 'We heard about that,' replied th««hair tan with a wink, ' we haarf all about that 1' Common rumor indeed stated very aerioodf, that the said ghost exerted itself artistically every night in painting Host Eardoattle'a nose aJovely red color, like a ripe strawberry ; but the host himself depotedthat this color «u produced by his exertions in exorcising the ?aid ghost, but I, speaking profeaiionnlly, may ae allowed to add that I myself have mora ifaan onoe attended Hardcastle for a disease familiarly known as 'D.T.' We all of us, therefore, fully appreciated the meaning of the chairman's wink of the eye. ' Why, now we have it !' continued Hard? castle, 'Tim Taylor's ghost owe* me three guineas for a cask of stout which ran to waste through him turning on tbe tap ; 3Q», for the matcuR when they took up the floor add found he skeleton: five pounds for a new grave m :he churchyard for buryiMj the skeleton ; and six pounds ten nmdertaker'a fees Then there waa Dr. Joyce's bill here, which came to three pounds mow. Tliat mikes nineteen pounds three; allbecvu a ghott came and sat in my oellw ! And I should think I might be allowed .to. charge at east five pounds more fox. bia impudence in kicking up a row all round and 'raiting as generally uncomfortable.' '80 that makes tw«nty-foar pounds three this ghost owes yeu.' ' Just so ! and it's Tim Taylor's ghost too.' 'And you wish you may get it, eh, Hard castle ?' ' Of course I do, eir.' 'And bo do I.' We all bunt out into a laugh at this reply, int for the life of him Hardcaatle could notsee the joke, for there really had been bones found in hia cellar. I remember the ciroumstanoe quite well, but I maintained at the time, and do so to tbia day, that they were not human remains— though as there was no skull and aB hey wete much decayed, it was difficult to say to what animal they did belong. These were the relics which Hardcastle Iiad caused to be buried in the churchyard. I was, however, the only person in the village who believed them not to be human ; but as I wai only a new comer at the time, and had my way to make, prejudice was against me, 'Hee here!' laid Hope, the grocer. 'I inow that quite well what HatduatLo tells us. [t is true, every bit of it, Tim Taylor was a bard fisted fellow, and folks did say they were the bones of a pedlar who disappeared, so that if (Tim did murder him it is natural that his ghost could not rest until the bones were put in the churchyard '. That's my view of the case.' 'And mine, tool' added Harrison. 'It's the fashion now-a-days to laugh at ghosts and all that; but I believe in them. They're a solemn reality.' 'Fray wliat makes you say tliat i' de manded Elliot, aa he began to ladle out more punch. 'My brother! Did you ever hear about his dreams?' 'I have,' replied Norman, 'but tell us again— it may perhaps be new to some of us,' 'Very well, then. My brother, as you know, uBed to live with me, and when he was about five-and- tbirty he, being then in good health, dreamed that he was going through Plumbland churchyard, where he saw old Charley WeBton digging a grave. ' Who is that grave for?' he asked, and Charley replied, ' For somebody not 40 years old, who died of a cancer!' A few nights after he dreamed that the stage coach stopped at tiie door. ' Why do you stay here ?' he enquired of the conductor. ' For a man not forty yeara old, who is going to London to see a cancer doctor.' Shortly after that he dreamed that a hearee stopped before a 3trange house iu iionaon, ana wnen ne asKea ' wny tiiey stopped there V the reply was, ' For a man not forty, who died under an operation for cancer.' Now all that came practically true, for shortly after wards my brother, being taken ill of cancer, went up to London to see a doctor, and wa» killed by chloroform. Now, if those dreams weren't supernatural j (jOn't know what super natural means ! Yes, I'm' a great believer in dreams : I am !' 'Pooh! pooh 1' said the chairman, 'you may frighten- yourself into any illnesu under the sun. Your brother had the dreams, aad drew the conclusion, lie predisposed himself for cancer. I dare say that if he had dreamed he had a wooden leg he would, by hook or by crook, have had one before be died !' '?What an unbeliever you are!' cried Har rison. 'Right, Harrison, right,' added Hope. 'Now, I'll tell you wh&i;/ dreamed, and I don't care what Mr. Elliot here doea say, it came true. It was when my sister Martha went into a decline. She was then living at West Drsyton, 55 miles oil' here. Now, I knew nothing whatever of West Drayton, as I had never been there in those days. Well, I dreamed that my mater came to thu side of my bed and beckoned me away. I followed her over meadows and roads just as the crow (lie*. At last we came to West Drayton, and there I saw iiiy sister's husband crying ; then we all went to the funeral, and there I saw the grave, near the yew-tree, with the church all as natural :u- possible ; so natural thut it waa hard to jieinunde myself it w-ts but a dieein. Well, next morning there came a letter saying thai Martha's illness had turned into a galloping coufeutnptioD, and taut she waB dead. I hurried on, and when 1 had arrived at West Drayton I saw the hmne. the pravr, tbe yew tree, and the church as exactly like the dream an a photograph would be like the original, Kmv, what do you biy to that?' 'Of couife, as you say you dreamed it before yon went there I cannot contradict you, but I should be inclined to believe that you dreamed afterwards that you had dreamed it before !'' A general laugh of incredulity greeted the solicitor's explanation, bo that he added— ' You may laugh if you like, hut I myself have often dreamed I was dreaming.' 'So have I,' I added, 'and very dis agreeable I found the sensation,' ' Now, Mr. Elliot,' cried farmer Norman, 'lot me tell you a dream I had. It is now some fifteen years ago. I had a shepherd named Joe Bailey, Now Joe was a terrible man for saving mitney, and he had scraped together a matter of twenty pounds— a big sum for a man who waB only getting fifteen shillings a week. Joe went on very steadily, and nothing was ever tbe matter tUl he began keeping company with the dairymaid at Farmer Norton's, They agreed to get married, aud Joe at last took the tweDty ponnds out of the bank and gave it the dairymaid to buy furniture and such like ; but ehe, like a great hussy, went off with another fellow and married him. Joe waa fear fully cut up when he came to me to ask my advice. I thought the best thing was for him to go and try to get the money back, and, if he did net succeed, to put it ia the Jawy ci-'b hands. I gave him two days' leave of abhtnee, though I could ill spare him, aa it waa lambing tune. I stopped up till 1 o'clock to take his place, aud then I roused one of the other men to relieve me. The two days passed but no Joe. Bailey came. Of course I was in a fix, and 1 thought about him much. On the fourth night I dreamed that Joe Bailey was hanging in the cartwheel. It made a great im pression on me did this dream, and the more bo an I dreamed it twice more on the same night. I saw it all so vividly that when I got up 1 felt bound to pass round by the cartahed if only to drive that dream out of my head by showing its falsity. There, to my horror, I saw -loe hanging .' My heart came into my mouth, as the saying is, but I managed to screw up courage enough to go to him and cut him down. lie was still warm, but in spite of all my efforts 1 could not get him round again. Now what made the most im pression on me was this— seeing that he was still warm I am sure that if I had got up when 1 first had the dream I could have saved him .' Yee, if 1 had believed in d reams in tiiose days Joe Bailey might — for he was a hale fellow — have been alive now '.' Norman paused, and looked triumphantly at Mr. Elliot as if to say— ' There ! get over that if you can '.' The wily chairman, however, replied— ' Your dream, Norman, is the mmpleal to explain of them all? You knew Bailey was greedy of money, so that when he did Dot return on the day appointed you more tbitn exiieoted he had nut been successful in his quest. Of course you must have known that a man like that would take such a Iosb so much to heart that he would bo most certain to commit suicide. All this ia aa clear as possible, but the clearest p.ut of your story is that nothing was nioie probable than that he should come to hang himself in your cartshed, where he knew be would find nut only a beam, but a rope suitable for bis purpose. A bushel of such tales would not convince me I ought to believe in ghosts and dreams.' 'Now, doctor!' Baid Bardcaatie, 'nothing will convince Sir. Elliot but a, bit of science! Now cannot you tell him a rattling ghoat tale V 'That I cannot! I know nothing of thu popular idea of ghosts, but I can vouch for the ttuth of the following .—When 1 was in the surgery mixing up medicines some years ago — it was when I wan only assistant— I had to stand near the window with one particular drug, so as to get all the light I could to mesBure it off. It was a deadly poison, and so you will understand I waa particularly cautious about it. Just aa I was holding up the bottle aud the measure, one in each hand, I saw my father pass by the window looking very anxious and haggard. As my father, to the best of my knowledge, waa 200 miles off, I was t-- surprised that I paused in the operation upon which I was engaged, and went to the door to let him in, for his appearance made me feel very appre hensive, but to my surprise nut only was my father not there, but the street itaelf wau empty. Next day I received ft telegram to say ray father. died the evening before of heart disease.' . 'It's all very well, doctor,' remarked Mr. r.lliot, 'but I must serve you the same aa the ahem. 01 cenree, when it cornea to a personal ftuttcrlifctAbur of *. painful natural JoAis* still naaowiued? nor shall r«v«rSe^tta« tbas m unbeliever insQnecnatnral 'nrrratts Bjw» tater-nnfir-iwH nota X as* tag own gnost i' 'You own ghost! Ybnr dmbU.SK. mean. You may even bearaliCeilJsmjndi a awht if all ffiiYl aeat be Sae.' ??If it be true. A pradeafc rasarration, truly.' 'I cannot vouch for any story of *. doable from any other evidence tun sioh aa I. have read— hearsay evidence— therefore I shall art* bnuaay forward,' 'Thanks, doctor. If everybody would be equally retioent I venture, to say everrjAosfc wo«ld die a natnral death ^generation?* 'I donx thing so T cried Norman, and so said they all ia oencext. From that moment, however, .the oanveraar tion seemed to flag; it was approaohiag mid nigbt, and X heard one ox two oi our com panions furtively whispering as they glaneed at their watches. 'Shall we have another bow], gentlemen}' Q*£manded.*tibe chairman. 'Yes, .yea, take another,' chimed in Hard castle. 'It will give you courage, for none of you can be home now before next year. Yon may perhaps meet something.' 'Well, (hen. be quick about it. we don't mind if you do brew us another bowL' Such was the general response, and then one added, 'Yes, end we can drink 'e. happy near year' to one another.' Mr. BHiot nodded to Hardoastle, aad, when rxioe host had disappeared, remarked that the roads had been so bad lately that we might just as well put that down to another load of ' cobblestones.' ? * ? ? * I slept like a top that night, and I was still snoring away at half-past 8 next morning when I was called up— a doctor's usual look when his nightcap fits rather tighter than nsuaL 'Mrs. Elliot wants you to call and see ber husband : he is very bad indeed !' 'All rant' I cned, 'SI oome at once!' and aa I tumbled out of bed I oould not help re marking, halfaloud, ' Cobblestones have not proved very digestible, I'm afraid ; and, by Jove, I'm a little bit giddy myself.' Shaking myself together, however, as well aa I could, I soon found myself in tbe presence of my patient. He was in bed, looking very haggard and woebegone, but he nevertheless motioned his wife out of theroom. ' Oh, ah, Elliot!' was my greeting. ' What do you call this 'I Is it hot cockles or cobble stones?' 'Htuhl' replied be mysteriously aad solemnly, 'my wife must not know a word of this. I've seen my double !' 'Your double!' I cried. 'Your doable! Nonsense. CobUentones aze famous things for making people think they see double 1' 'Hush I for heaven's sake, dootor, do be serious. It's life at death with me ! Yes, for I have seen my doable !' 'Ah ! if yon are serious, as I see you are, I most heartily beg your pardon ! Fray tell me all about it/' ' I will ! but do not breathe a word about it. What I tell yon is the strictest truth ! When I— we parted last night at the inn. I got home the best way I could through the snow. To my surprise when X arrived opposite the house at about one o'clook this morning my office was lighted up. Of course you know I have a good many valuable papers of one sort or another about, and accordingly when I caw the place lighted up I was knocked together all of a piece, and began to think of thieves appropriating wills to bolster np false heirs and all the other machinery of cheap romances. My clerk, Dobson, who Bleeps in the house, bad I knew nothing to do at that time of night, and betides I bad the key safe ia my pocket. I entered stealthily by the front door, slipping off my shoes as I stood on the inat, for I determined to creep to my study, take my revolver, and then go to the office by the long passage, I did so, carrying out my plan without so much as letting a pin drop. I arrived at niy ofiice door, in which you know I have a little opening closed by a slide. Thin I pulled aside, but perhap3 not so noiselessly as I might have done. I peeped through, and there I saw— myself !' 'Yourself! No 1 Impossible!' 'Yes! myself. There was no mistake. There I was with my dressing-gown and smokiDgcar. — juBt as I was accustomed to dress when 1 sit up to work.' ' Excuse me — you must be mistaken !' ' No ! Tbe gas was turned on full, bo that there was plenty of light ! Th-'e could be no mistake— I would there were ! There I sat, with a bundle of papers tied with red tape; I was examining a document — evidently a will.' 'Strange!' ' This vision curdled my blood '. My heart stocd still for a moment, and then bounded ho quickly that I could hear its beats ! A terror and a faintnesB came over me— and I let my candle drop !'' 'Humpn!' 'I almost fell myself! I staggered againt the wall, and when ;I again recovered myself and looked at the aperture the office was in complete darkness.' 'How singular !' 1 said, for I must confess he idea of the cobblestones still ran in my I rain. 'Singular! That is not the word. Mys terious r Weird ! Gruesome ! But I shall convince you yet,' ' Humph -* 'Yes, listen. Of course, as a smoker, I carried matches about me, and after fumbling some time in my pooket I managed to find them, and struck a light. I picked up my candle, lighted it, and taking the office key out of n,y pocket, unlocked the door. Yes; notice that, I unlocked the door !' 'And you found him, the double?' ' No ; the place was empty.' 'Truly your story makes one feel uncom fortable/' 'I gazed wildly at my desk. The bundle of papers wai gone ; everything, in fact, was in itH proper place.' 'So that you were the victim of ? ' 'Victim of no freak of the imagination, doctor. No - You interrupted me. Every thing was in its place, except— now mark my words, doctor— except a piece of paper which lay on the floor. I picked this up, and, I ehudder at the recollection of it, thereon I saw, in my own handwriting, these wordB : — 'This is the last will and testament of ? ' You can see the paper, there : that is it, doubled up on the mantelpiece. Look at it.' 1 did aB he requested. I could no longer doubt his story, and 1 shook my head. ' I see you, too, are puzzled ; judge of my feelings. My agitation was fearful ! Our con versation— the various tales we had beard — our comments — my comments — all came to my mind with fearful force. Then the recollection that it was St. Sylvester's— that all the unseen world haB peculiar power on that day — and, I eaw all this was a warning! a solemn warning. I must make my will, I see it, and— and what I have to ask you is, doctor, to keep my secret, and to be my executor.' 'Stay,' cried I, ' not so fast. I will beyour executor it you like, and all that — but now I am your doctor. Let me make my diagnosis.' I examined him and questioned him severely; but I could not shake his story. And then there was that piece of paper ! He had Been his double, and no mistake. I prescribed light food and tonic3, open air e xercice and complete rest. I was even after acknowledging the truth of his narrativo, still hoping, I contefcu it candidly, that the disease was nothing but cobblestones. Alas ! when I called in the evening, he was still more depressed, and I began to fear the worst results. Thia continued, all my beat care could not rouse him, and at last I was obliged to inform Mrs. Elliott that the re couices of my medical knowledge and skill were exhausted. ? ?-?-??? ' I will see the doctor, aud that instantly. If you don't let me in I'll knock you down !' 'You must wait a few minutes. Doctor Joyce is a bavin' of his dinner. I'll tell im.' ' Stand out of the way, fool ! I must see him at once !' Such waa the elegant language which an nounced to me that Mr. Elliot's clerk, Dob eod, wished to see me. Ab a slight scuffle followed that announcement I called out to my man to show him in at once. ' Sit down, Dobson,' I said. ' Bring in a glais, Mr. Dobson will take some wine.' 'Ko, thank you, sir,' replied the clerk, as he took the chair opposite to me, 'no wine.' I took no notioe of his refusal, and byand bye, in the course of the conversation, I had tbe satisfaction of seeing him sip the glass of dry sherry I gave him. . 'Now, DobeoD,' said I, 'what is it? Nothing wrong with you, eh? You must excuse me beginning at onoe, as I must be off immediately I've swallowed my dianer.' ?'Save tbe master, air! ss-ts nun, or elie 1 am a murderer.' ' DobaoD, what do you mean ?' 'Mean! mean! have yon not given turn up '!' 'Yes, mare's the pity, I don't see whet more its to.be done— though, of course IahaUifightfJI I c»n, yet I am compelled to say it is ? cosiest sgainst nature.' I said these woide very slowly and very solemnly, gaging anxiously, at Dobson, for I waa takes aback at bis peculiar baharaor. I taw him change counteaaaeBt and I a* ante comprehended themirttei. He ka»w*U about tbe double. ' Dobson 1 / oannot save your muter ! but — you can I' '1/ I?' ' Dobson ! if he dies you are a murderer ; you eaid fo yourself.' 'And I thall be a murderer! Yes air! I will rave him ! I frightened him !' 'You. How!' '1 was in bis office that night. He moat have thought it was a robber.' 'He thought he saw his double. Gome, Acme, he never could have made such a mis take. 'His double? His double? Ah, sir! % tee it »H now, alas ! I am that double.' 'Explain.' ?'I am engaged to be married to Amelia Hodgson, and I knew her father had been to our office to have his will made, and I only wanted to find out whether he had made a suitable provision for Amelia.' 'But how does all that make you Mr. Elliot's double?' . T 'Ifeltcold«-it was an awf ul night— and I pnt on hia dressing gown and skull cap which tnng up behind the office door; he ajway* works Si them, and he must have made the mistake «eeing that I am about his size and bad my back turned to him. 'But how did you manage to escape de ' He dropped his candle in the fright, and I bad time— just time— to bundle the papers together, put out the gas, and glide into the ° ' But the will was begun which he took as a warning. ? That is the last will and testa ment of ? .' 'That is where the mischief lay, ?a that was proof positive he had seen his ' This is the first I've heard of that, but I do remember there was a sheet of foolscap lying about. But it is «asily explained— when he is making a, will he never changes his pen with out changing his folio for a clean one, leBt the same document ehould show different sorts of handwriting. But surely you can aave him V 'Now I know all this 1 dare say I can. At any rate I'll try ; but Dobson, you are a miserable wretch.' 'I know I am. But you cannot call me worse Dames than I call myself. But do save me from being a murderer !' 'Ill try ,'f When next the Plnmbland Local Board accounts were audited, among the items passed was an entry of eighteen shillings and sixpence for cobblestones supplied to the board on December 31st, 1879, the said entry being in the handwriting of our chairman, Mr. Elliot. The said entry not having been made on the day mentioned, it iB evident that I — or rather Dobson— did pave Mr. Elliot. I hope that both Air. Elliot and myself will be spared to enjoy many more cobblestones in one another's society, and I am glad to be able to add that at present there is every proBpect of such a consummation. 