THE RELIGION OF SCIENCE. I Bt bichakd jl Pboctob. j THE BIRTH OF RELIGIOUS IM PRESSIONS. Although we may assign a definite position, in the development. o£. the religious ideas of a lace, to eomepartiealar class of thoughts, it must.not be forgotten that there has been no process :of religious stratification. We can not say eren of. any man that in such and such-a part of his life ideas of one <-1«m pre Tailed, which gave place later tgideas of another class, and these in turn to other iders, and so forth ; for eren where a man has seemed to pass by Quick transition from one " religion" to another the transition has not in reality /been sudden. The viewo which seem new .have been long present; it has only been by a mental straggle that the older views have been .maintained; and a)l which has in reality been, sudden (if ought has) has been the ces sation of the long struggle by which the gradual encroachments of more advanced ideas have been resisted. If this is so in the case of a single mind, we may be assured that there has. been proportionate slowness of development, which means a much longer and, more complicated process of change, in the . religious ideas of races. We cannot, truly say of any race—at this part of its history the people believed thus, but at Buch and such a time they adopted this or - that new belief. At every stage of the progress from the in fancy of the race to Buch development as it may have attained different forms of belief have co-existed even where an outward uni formity may have been maintained. It. will sot be idle, indeed, to digress here for a moment, in order to consider the kindred lesson taught by. the study of. other subjects than that with which we are here dealing. In many departments of inquiry, perhaps in all, the mistake, of imagining.an undue unifor mity and simplicity of arrangement has been been made, and has seriously affected the pro gress of research. The earlier astronomers .pictured a solar system of so many similar planets—a galaxy of uniformly distributed stars; the geologist clothed the earth with a series of layers like the -skins of an onion ; the biologist of,. old. times pictured races of animals as severally descended from single pairs;..the historian imagined each people (as the biologist had imagined the whole race descended) from a single pair; the chemist had his four elements out of which all thingB were formed ; throughout .the whole range of what may be called, the. science of earlier times we find the underlying idea that the phenomena of science, histoiy, sociology, and religion, are.uniform, and the associated prob lems simple. With all the progress of. modern inquiry we find the old leaven apparent. In all de partments of Bciehce, the less philosophic and thoughtful—rwho -are altogether the more numerous—rfall constantly into the mistake of overlooking the diversity and complexity of the processes which are taking place through out the universe. In astronomy, men pre tend to say thus and thus .did the processes succeed each other by which the solar system, or this or that part of the solar system, were formed, when donbtless not only those pro cesses of which the evident traces remain, but multitudes of others of which we have no evidence and no conception even, have taken place in' vaiying degree at all times in the system, and are taking place now. Consider geology again. How neatly the various eras of the earth's history are separated in the mind of the ordinary student of geology; how complacently he distinguishes the Eocene, Miocene, Pliocene, and other such periods (precisely as if all were actually seen) from each other, as though at one time the whole earth were clothed in one set of garments, at another in an entirely distinct set, and at another .in a set altogether changed yet once more. Or take the specific part of geological study, the formation of mountain ranges, which illustrates well the subject of religious evolu tion, for we may aptly compare -man's religi ous .ideas, inherited or developed, newly formed or old and well worn, with the various forms of the earth's surfacercontour. Even now, when geologists have learned to trace the'actual processes by which a moun tain range is formed, too many students; of geology have entirely erroneous (because too simple) ideas of the way in which the moun tain range reached its actual condition. They picture to themselves the variouB stages, when first the crust yielded and moulten matter was extruded,. then next the region thus i broken and loaded sank gradually beneath the j sea and became a vast trough along which matter was deposited, and after this trough had in the course of ages been filled (steadily sinking all the time to depths of many miles) the process was reversed, and the great seam thus formed was gradually squeezed upwards by the side pressnres of the yielding sea-floors around it, while lastly the action of denuding forces carved out of the upraised mass the peaks and pinnacles of the present mountain range. All this is right enough. Of all these processes we have in the Alps and Apennines, : the Himalayas and the Rocky Mountains, I very clear and decisive evidence. But the processes were not neatly defined and separa ted as the student is apt to imagine. The pro cess of extrusion, for instance, did not cease when the process of sinking began, but went on still at various places along the original region of yielding. Again, the process of sinking with deposition was not uniform, nor did it give place everywhere to a process of uprising; both processes were going on, inter mittently and irregularly, at tbe same time, while all the time the extrusion of matter was taking place, though now in new regions. Yet once more, sub-aerial denudation did not wait till the upheaval had been completed before it began its work, but went on in company with the process of upheaval, with the process of sinking, and even with the process of extrusion, all these processes acting with ever varying degrees of energy and efficiency, "and often in termitting their action. If a purely physical problem presents such complexity, even where the records of every part of the work are more or less clearly legible in the earth's crust, we may be well assured that the problem of re ligious evolution in any race of men is not to • be solved by supposing that such and such religious ideas were successively displaced their predecessors. Probably there was never a race of men, however limited in mental activity, or "wanting in originality, which held even for a single generation kindred ideas about religion. As certainly as among the savage inhabi tants of a small island of Polynesia we find diversities of size, figure, complexion, strength, activity, intelligence, and the like, S0j could the ideas of the tribe about matters religious be ascertained, ft would be found that no two have thought pre cisely or even nearly alike. It is easy to imagine that they all have similar ideas, because only a few among them can be got to speak about their religious notions and even these in answering the questions of a stranger can give but vague ideas of what tbey themselves believe and suppose to be the ideas of their fellows. If a member of some strange new Tace came among a com munity of Christians as found in some email European or American town, and speaking their language imperfectly, were to ask tbe first nine or ten of them to de fine their religious belief, it is very likely that even among a community with creeds and catechisms to define religion, he would obtain answers indicating a considerable diversity of opinion,—whether the persons questioned toed carefully their real thoughts, or as carefully tried to avoid any exact expression of opinion. It would be • curious to inquire what such a stranger would be' apt to infer respecting the Chris tian religion if he pursued his inquiry very carefully and earnestly. Probably if the experiment could be tried it would dispose ub to adopt with considerable caution the accounts which have been collected of the various forms of belief entertained by savage races. Assuredly, it would show that if among the members of a small community of Christians there is a marked diversity of views, there, must be more marked diversity still among savage communities ; and that therefore there can have been so much uni form development of religious ideas even in a single human race as some students of religious evolution appear to imagine. Still less can we imagine that in every race of men. there was the same succession of religious strata—so to describe general ideas about mat . ters religious as distinguished from definite religious dogmas. I imagine then that while we must regard the general impression produced by natural objects, forces, arid processes,, as. the em bryonic form of the religious sentiment, in divuality being ascribed to everything whioh influenced the life of the savage mail, this im pression was experienced in every different degrees by different races, and by different members of the same race. How far back may we trace the beginning "of this idea it were difficult to say; but it must have been present long before pastoral or' agricultural pursuits began ; it must have belonged to the time when our altogether wild ancestors, forest-hunting or cave inhabiting,, first became conBcioos of their constant contest with the forces of nature, with other animals, with their fellow men. We may even, when we see our remote kinsmen, the G-ibbons, wel coming the rising of the sun with noisy gesti culations, conceive that even in those mere animals the germ of the thought is present that the sun is a warm personal friend—a thought certainly adopted by many of the lowest races of savages, though it required many thousands of years of culture to develope ic into a definite solar religion. And if the. vague idea of personality in natural objects of forces was .diversely dis tinct. in different minds even among small communities of childmen, how still more diverse must have been the way.in which idea eventually became developed that this per sonality was human, and that the power and volition conceived to be present .in sun, moon, and stars, in clpud and storm, in mountain and,river, in trees and .animals, were derived from men who had once lived upon the earth. Mr. Spencer's ghost theory is comparatively simple so far as it relates to the development of ancestor-worship as such; but ^manifestly we can only accept it in a very complex form as related to the development of nature worship. Ifot only would different races^f men, it may be presumed, form very different ideas of the way in which the spirits of the dead animated objects of different orders, from some small, animal to the sun in his glory, and the moon walking in light, but among the members of one and the same tribe j there must originally have been great diversity of views on a subject such as this. We must remember that whatever ideas we may now , find prevalent in a tribe of savages must have been initiated by individuals, and were probably only known to such individuals Tor many generations. The hunter who was led by the varying fortunes of the chase to attri bute good or evil, influences to particular natural objects or phenomena, and so to con ceive theidea that they bad personal individual ity akin to his own, would probably keep the idea to himself—either because it would not be worth his while to do otherwise, or because it might seem well worth his while to keep such special knowledge of his' to himself^ And so with men who lived otherwise than by hunting. In many generations "Such ideas would be entertained, in very diverse forms, by .individuals, before they began to be com mon property. But if this were so with that early and.comparatively general notion, much more would it be apt to be the case when some among the members of a race began to attri bute human personality to natural objects or phenomena. The recognition of a second 6elf, a. soul or spirit, suggested by the phenomena "of dreams, trances, catalepsy, and so forth probably began earlier, and was more generally and uniformlv diffused. For here specific phenomena, alike among all races of men, and not very different even among different individuals, were in questions-while the same phenomena were witnessed by many, were talked over by those who had witnessed them, and became in fact after a fashion matters of scientific enquiry. I imagine that among 99 races out of a 100, and among nine men out of ten in any race, the idea would be adopted that every man has a second self, which may leave him when' he sleeps or becomes insensible, returning and reanimating his body when he comes to him self ; (the very. words now so familiarly used - imply the old doctrine in its old form.) One can see also that in the majority of cases (that is among nearly all races, and among most of the individuals of each race) the idea would be entertained that the breath repre sented, or actually was this second self ; for in sleep the breathing is ssarce perceptible. Thus the second self would be regarded as a spirit or breath, and death would come to be regarded quite generally as merely the pro longed, perhaps final departure of the spirit or breath from the other or bodily self. In passing, too, we note that as the proper second self could pass away and return to its com panion body, so on occasion other spirits good or bad might make that body their tem porary home, giving in one sense "inspiration" and in good sense {very definitely believed. I imagine, in olden times to be what its name implies, an in- breathing) and in the other " possession " in an evil sense. These ideas would prevail long,before any idea of associating religious sentiments with them would be entertained, and still longer before the thought of assigning what had been human spirits to natural objects or powers would suggest itself even to the mere imagination.— Knowledge. 