CHESS NOTES. The Wanderer announces a problem toumey open to all the world, and confined to direct mate problems in two or three moves. No composer is to enter more than 'five' positions,' and competing problems must reach the chess editor (K. D. Peterson, P.O. Box 332, Milwaukee, Wis., U.S.A.) before August 15 next. The prizes, six in number, "range from £2. How would a collection of the best games ever played-by Steinitz and Zukertort anywhere compare with an equal number played by Paul Morphy ? The answer (says the Cincinnati Gazette) is easy. They wouldn't compare at alL They belong to another and inferior grade of ability. If anybody has been deceived on this point by the egotistic claims of Steinitz and Zukertort, let him examins the nine games of the pending'match. Morphy conld have given such blunderers Pawn and move with ease. The friends of Morphy never had to plead that he was t ( out of form." The London correspondent of the British Chess Magazine writes to the April numjber :—My friend of Purssell's amongst his other notions holds very firmly to the idea that good chess-players are short men, and instances Steinitz and:Znkertort as strong proof of the troth of lis theory. I asked him whiat about Blackburne ? " Blackhurae may be looked npon as being only an exception . proving' the rule," was Jiis reply; " bat I am of opinion that nature made A great mistake in making him eo tall; now had he been only 6 feet 2 or.3 inches no one'would have had a ghost of a chance .with him I" "What facts have you to go upon for your, theory 1" I enquired. " Facts, sir, facts ? Why common observation. , Look-at Potter, or - Gansbeig, or Mason, all short men, every one of them.. Yes, ar, and - look, at Loril, who has just drawn with.Hirschfield in the St George's and City match. Why, laid he been a six- footer instead of -the neat little man he is, he wonld have been playing at the bottom instead of at the top, anda poor player even then!" J look at my friend's own stature, and asked what nature had done for aim La the matter of body. " Scurvily, my dear sir," most scnrvily'.has she treated me, I own. I do envy, these little men." Well, well, thoaght I,every man to his humor. 1 . •-": - 