THE STAGE. Melbonrne is rife with attractive stage performances just now, and there ia promise of more to come. We have already the Theatre Royal, tbe Opera-bouse, the Bijou, and the Victoria-ball giving entertainments every evening, and there are St. George'e-hali and the Nugget Theatre, which will soon be reopened ; while there are too new theatres in course of erection, the Princess' and tbe Alexandra, aud both of tbem large aud magnificent buildings. With the addition of the Town-hall, the Atheuaaum, and the new Masonic-hall, which are engaged from time to time for oonoerte and so forth, some idea may be formed of the extent to which amusements are patronised in thiB oity. The Exhibition building is very often used for bazaars, balls, and concerts, and latterly, indeed, the production of tbe Continental Concerts there has made it a favourite resort on Saturday afternoons. At the Theatre Royal " Hoodman Blind " was played for the last time on Saturday evening, when there, was a large audience present. Shake spare's tragedy "Hamlet was played during the weak with great snaees;, and welcomed as a most acceptable change by lovers of the classic drama. Mr. Titfaeradge gave every satisfaction in tbe title rdle. His acting was unforced, intelligent, and powerful and he surprised many who had been ao- customed to see him only in the sensational, popular kind of plays. Mr. G. R. Ireland, as King Claudius, was very favourably re oeived, and Mr. Jewett, as Laertes, was capital. Mr. Sterling Whyteshowedthathe had carefully studied the character of Peionius, and Miss Maggie Kpight put all the necessary pathos and wpmanly tender feeling into the part of Ophelia. The Queen was represented by Mrs. G. Gordon, and the Ghost by Mr. \- Leake. The rest of the characters were fairly well assumed. "Hamlet" has been played every evening during the week till last night, when Mr. G. R. Ireland was tendered a benefit, appearing as Othello. The revival of the favourite- little opera bouffe"Les Cloches de Oorneville" at the Opera»houee, on Satarday evening last, brought together a very large audience. Miss Emelie Melville made her first appearance bee as Germaine, and created a favourable impression, although she was considerably handicapped by the fact that she waB suffering from hoarseness, and that Signor Verdi was indisposed, and unable at that moment to appear as the Marquis. Mons. Loredan took that important part at short notice. Miss Fanny Liddiard was very good as Serpolette, her singing in particular being so good as to entitle her to much praise. She was encored for a 8 weet rendering of " Just look at this, just look at that." Mr. ArmeB Beaumont filled the part of Grenicbenx with good taste, aud Mr. Edwin Kelly, as UBQal, created a lot of fun as Gaepard. Miss Ethel Harconrt made a very nice Ghristophe, and Messrs. J. Forde and G. Dean enaoted the hnmorons parts with much brilliancy. The opera has been repeated during the week . to large audiences. Tbe ' Great Pink Pearl" is still on at the Bijou Theatre, where very good houeea have been present every eve ing during tbe week. In making reference to the Victoria-hall, we have only once more to record the great success which attends the performances of Mr. F. M, Clark's Silk Stockings company. Crowded houses are the rule still. The Waxworks, the Japanese Village, and St. Patrick's Carnival are proving themselves genuine attractions to the public. There was no Continental Concert on Saturday afternoon, as tbe Exhibition building was otherwise engaged. The Mistes Joran gave another of their concerts on Monday evening, in the new Mascnie-hallf and the attendance was the largest they have yet bad. His Excellency and Lady Loch were'also present, The new Masonichall, whioh was used for the first time on this oooasion for a concert, proved to be well adapted to that purpose. The three sisters farther demonstrated their great musical powers — Lula, Elise, and Pauline at the piano, and the last- named with the violin also. As at the former coceerts, Miss Aldini, Signor Lenoioni, and Miss Christian gave assistance ; but Herr Reimers, the violoncello player, was a new acquisition. He played the violonoello obligate to Madame Christian's song, "Un Sogno." The next concert will be given this evening. Tbe new series of tbe Melbonrne Popular Concerts was commenced last week. The concert was given in the npper hail of the Athenaeum on Wednesday evening, and was very largely attended, Mr. Otto Linden was the pianist, and Madame Christian the vocalist. The second concert was given on Wednesday last, and was very saaceesful. Miss Martin was the pianist, and Mr. T. W, Thompson the vocalist. Tbe Zsrbini string quartett played on both occasions. Tbe marriage of Madame Christine Nilsson — the religions ceremony — is to take place this month Tbe wedding dress is a pale heliotrope peluehe , trimmed with lilao clair de tune, and both the collar and the bonnet are trimmed with pearls, Madame Nileeon has received letters of congratulation from King Oscar of Sweden, the Spanish Infanta, and the Due de Montpensier, and Queen Viotona sent her a present. — Court Journal . Mr. Edmund Finn writes as fallows to ' The Daily Telegraph I perceive that the Australian actor-author, Mr. George Darrell, is n >w producing successfully in Sydney a ne w and origiual drama, written to the order of Messrs. Williamson, Garner, - and Musgrove, aud entitled ' Tbe Sozgarth' (the priest), Upon reading the description of tbe plot in the Sydney newspapers, I find that Mr. Darrell has done me the honour to appropriate the plot of a sWy entitled 'The Pries t-'s Secret,' which I wrote and published in Melbourne some eighteen months ago. I need not trespass on your space in detailing the ' coincidences' in story aud situation, tor ' The Siggarth' is a straight-out plagiarism, the finale being altered to suit Btage requirement >, aud certain ties of relationship being weakened to suit the adapter's inartistic and incorrect idea of iho strength of a priest's regard for the secrecy tf the confessional. The whole of tbe plot was, so far as 1 am aware, ne w and original with myself, but to heighten the effect I began with an author's note, which 'suggested' very suongly to _ the reader the actual truth of the pure fiction which I waa wri ing, Mr. Darrell must have fallen com pletely under the spall of my literary wand, for I evidently lied so like truth that he pre sumed I told a true ssory. He, therefore, an nounces 'The Soggarh' as founded upon facts connected with a certain great criminal trial. I know of no such facts or trial. As regards the piracy of the plot, the matter is only, perhaps, a trifling theft, common to dramatists of an unimaginative order, and -m matter of no interest to the public -but there is a point of copyright law involved which effects others. Writers of the ordinary stamp, like myself, do not reap a rich harvest from tbeir scorie?, and naturally regard any emoluments in the wey of dramatisations of their plots as their particular perquisites. As a matter of fact whatever merit ' A Priest's Secret ' possessed lay in the dramatic strength of the plot, so much so that I entered some time back with Mr. Garnet Walch into arrangements whereby we were to jointly dramatise it. Of cout 86 such a proceeding would now ba out of the question. I am informed that the writer of a stoiy has no protection against dramatist?, who may appropriate his plots to their heart's content. If this be the law, I venture to sub mit th it it is not based on justice, and I trust th it some of our legislators will advocate tbe extension of an author's copy right so as to proteefca brain-product— such as it is— from dramatic purloiuers.' The Minister of Publio Works is in receipt of a communication from Mr. James Shackell, M L. A., in which the latter states that he has received a letter from the Echuca Agricultural Society, intimating that there is plenty of work in the Echuca shire for boo& fiie agri cultural labourers! The Minister bas decided to close tbe labour bureau at the bid Supreme Court buildings, iu view of tbe fact that ac commodation is being provided for. the ttnem ployed at the Immigrants - Hub. 