Lady B.'s Butler. M[iss 1s. is a pretty heiress, whose name for obvious reasons we must suppress ; Ir. R. yohoung diplomnatist who fancies he has every Chance of becoming an ambassador before the at of 0his short croppoed locks has deserted shim, dlr. It herd of Miss M. as being the oner of a wonderfully beautiful diamond $lace, and also as possessing more personal attactions than are supposed tobelong to any but interesting peolsers. Miss N:., on the other band had been informed that Mr. R. was a ,e decent sort of a follow, with the smallest ount I1s'ible of Foreign Office swagger. They met for the first time under Lady B.'s ,of, and surveyed each other with mutual interest from opposite sides of an elaborately decorated dinner-table. The necklace came ptor. eR. expectations, but their owner ssed them. Not only was she pretty, but ivacious, and evidently amusing-not a 1iited, dresed-up doll, like the woman be l him, got up for admiration and incapable Snoversation. Not being accustomed to ad ire without some sort of return, he left the dli to the tender mercies of her lefthand neizhllr, and devoted his attention to f IMiss 3\. They ad groom quite friendly over 5 lck tcIi, and now exchanged telegraphic rin' scr"s the table about any episodes that ans during the dinner. AMr. R. thought lihe was etting on, and becamne so engrossed that heneglected his favorite entreoand had scarcely hlh time to do justice to the saddle of mutton. But when the regulation ice-cream had made round lie noticed a sudden change in the grl plsite to him. She turned as wlhite as ler ,l handkerchief, and leaned back in her chair, silent and abstracted, with wide- open e and parted lilps. For the rest of the time t scarcels talked at all, and seemed inca lMe of ralling : but she shook her head when ic madea sign that lie seas ready to assist her aot of the rmin, and kept her seat till the ladies roe ad filed slowly through the door. Be would have given much to follow them at once, because his curiosity was vividly roused. lie %. smre tliere wea some mystery behind ise scenes, for she looked as if she had re eived a shock-seen a ghost, or discovered an cncished-for .friend. As soon as he could get raway he looked round the drawing-room, and, seeing Miss 3I. sitting apart from the other ladies, and turning over the leaves of a photo ruph book in evident preoccupation, he made his way so her, and standing before her, so as io shield her from observation, asked in a low veie if he could do anything for her. She looked lup in surprise. "Thanks, I don't want anything." "But you are annoyed or ill-one or the other. I shall never forget your look at dinner." "Did any one notice it ?" eagerly. "Not a soul, except myself. Of course, I don't wish to force your confidence, but if I can be of any service to you- ' "No one can do me any good," hurriedly. "Only I wish to Heaven I had never come !" He looked at her with genuine compassion, for he saw that she was shivering from head to foot. "Shall I fetch Lady B.-- ?" ".Not for the world. I would tell ,you, only you would think me so foolish,' looking round to be sure that no one could overhear. "I promise you I won't," earnestly, as lihe took a chair and sat down just in front of her, so that she should not have to raise her voice. "Pray tell me." "It was only a drealm," with the ghost of a smile. "Last night I thought I was being murdered for the sake of this necklace," play lag nervously with the dianmonds round her white throat, "and I woke up struggling with a man-a man with a long chin and reddish hair. I felt I should know him anywhere, and I saw him to-day at dinner," with a shudder, "handing the liqueurs." "Why that was Bird, the butler. You couldn't be afraid of him ?" "I am," looking up at him with terror in her pretty eyes. " I am sure lie will try to murder me to-night. I can't go to bed. I should neserclose my eyes," and she shivered again. "You can go to bed and sleep in perfect confidence. I tell you what I'll do for you," and MAr. R. smiled, feeling that he was making a noble effort. " Our rooms lie on the same corridor. I have heaps of letters to write worse luck-so that I must sit up. I'll keep my door ajar, which won't be noticed, as there 1i a light in the passage, and my ears are so sharp that I would defy any one to pass it without my knowing it. Will that content you!" "You are very kind; but he might wait till your letters are linished." "That will make no difference. I promise to sit up till my hot water's brought. Will that natisfy you?" "0, but that's too much." "Not at all. If you tell me in the morning that you've had a good night," with a pleasant smile, "I shall feel amply rewarded; besides, I can do with less sleep than most people, and I'm sure to take it out before luncheon." Miss 1I. expostulated, but lihe would not listen, being quite excited at the idea of rendering a service to such a pretty girl ; and when the guests separated for the night, and he whispered "I haven't forgotten," she gave him so charmnning a look of gratitude that his heart fluttered like a schoolboy's. Two o'clock a.m., with a decaying fire and without the solace of a pipe. He had written two or three letters just to save his conscience, but theeffort had been so great that hlie wouldn't have begun another to save his life. Inorder to reassure Miss. NI., who might be on the I,.knut, lie had left the smoking roon on pre text of a headache, and established himself in hi: reom bout midnight. Smoking and sleep ing were lollth out of thie question, and two longr hours he haid never rpent inl his whole existeuce. lie heard doors opening and shut ting dowfn-stairs, a suppiressed laugh at the last good story told amidst tobacco smoke, the read of several pairs of feet in different direc tions, and then silence. Miss 31. being no longer there with her white face and her small figure all of a tremble to work upon his feelings, he began to feel his 5sition extremely ridiculous. His excitement had cooled down, his compassion waned like the moon ; but, infinitly bored and intensely sleepy, he was bound by his promise to a girl. And all on account of a dream I He asked hinuself, with his fingers running through his unually neat hair, and his mouth distended in an unconscious yawn, if anybody had ever hard of a man being victimised by somebody ele's dream. It was arrant nonsense, and he was a fool to give in to it. No, not quite that, with a throb of compunction, or the girl wnuld have worried herself into fits ; but hle ought to have reasoned with her, or suggested that she mighit have a dog in her room. Lady o.s Fidget would have been sure to bark if • mouse Ihad squeaked and would have Iowled the house deens at tthe si.,ht of a burglar. A ityhe hadn't tlhought of it; but supposing he nd, Miss M's gratitude would lave been en to IFidget eand not to hiiself, anod he rtlloer is?hed to win it. Aniothor Iyawn, till hie thought ie had cracked hris jaes. The ftire 'was dyi ~'oiut, ?ie s'as afraid to stir it, but he thinugit he uight tickle it with thse poker. He , tpi scutiiosly, and sas stretching out his Sfe the eiser u-lin he heard a sound in athe oinage. Hi began to think his nervous iwter re aly d or sled g f nrhe had never believed t?lre wa the -m llst reason for iis watclliig. aut the sond was reoeated, and sent an un mistlkhanble thrill through his veins. He got to the dwitr noiselessly, thanks to his slippers, n, wiihut opensing it an further, peered ihe man starte ird, turned perfecbutlery livid, anig e ir ne boots fall fromi his shaking fingers, bud. t e a gereat lllisforetig after m drese, ater rThen ith oe sedtri e he oas by his si de. todtse to seed up the boots before, sir, and I was afraid the young lady might want them the first thing in the morning." "If she did it wouldn't be your business to bring them. You must be mad or drunk, and I shall report you to your master to-morrow." The man's under lip shook and his eyes shifted uneasily. I meant no harm," he said sullenly. as he stopped to pick up the boots. liut Mr. R. stopped him on a sudden imn pulse. "Leave them here and go off at once." Bird seemed inclined to remonstrate, and even stretched out his hand again as if to take the boots, but Mr. R. signed to him to go, with a significant frown. 'ihe butler slunk down the passage, giving a backward look as te turned the corner. M?r. R. watched him out of sight ; then picked up the boots and carried them to the gaslight. Nothing in tihe first, a dainty, innocent cover ing for a pretty foot; but something hard rattled in one of themo as they dropped upon the floor, and he was not much surprised to find in the second along, pointed knife. As he drew it out and scratched his finger with the sharp edge his blood turned cold as lie thought of the girl's white throat and a crimson gash. If it had not been for a dream that girl would have beei brutally murdered in her bed. Iur. IR. thought it right to tell the circum stances of the ease to Lord and Lady B. Miss al. agreed with him, but said she would go home before lie spoke, to avoid a fuss. As soon as sheO had left the house the story was told, and Lady B. nearly went into hysterics. Lord B. said there was not sufficient evidence to support a charge of murder, but he declined to hlave his enterprising butler any longer in the house. He therefore dismissed him at once on another pretest, and MIr. George Bird is now on the lookout for another place, where he may cut a throat when hlie feels inclined with no troublesome third party to interfere. A nice thought for those who are about to engage a butler. This story is true, only a few trifling details having been altered and the proper names euppressed. Mr. Bird is the only person con cerned in it who would be able to bring an action for libel agaiist me, but for his own sake he is likely to keep quiet. 