at IPSWICH. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) April 5. AT the Esk Police Court on the 29th March, ' Gustav Busch. was charged with hawking without a license. The accused pleaded guilty; and was fined £10 ; the fine was paid; James Gargan appeared in custody on the 31st March, charged with having obtained goods to the value of £0 6s. 6d. from Patrick Clifford by means of a valueless order. After the evidence of the arresting constable had been taken, the accused was remanded for eight days. The monthly meeting of the Mutdapilly Divisional Board was held on Saturday. Mr. Brodie acknowledged receipt of the board's letter enclosing account for survey of roads in the Mount Walker Estate, and asked, before paying that the board should ascertain from the Government when the deeds for the surplus land and for roads closed might be expected, or should get a statement that the Government would carry out the closure of those roads. The chairman (Mr. Robertson) stated that the matter would be all right, and Mr. Brodie then handed in a cheque for the amount of the account. The quarterly statement of receipts and expenditure to 31st March was accepted, showing the following credit balances No. 1 subdivision, 1426 18s.; No. 2, £252 13s.; No. 3, £222. An account for 176 5s. 7d. for the survey of roads through the Normanby Estate, Bowcrs's land, and elsewhere, was presented. It was decided that the clerk write to the department, calling attention to the fact that it was the fault of the Government that the people interested in roads at Normanby and flowers a had been left without suitable thoroughfares, and that the sum (t'GS odd) was too large for the board to be called upon to pay in such a case. The other small items for de- viations were not objected to. On the motion of the chairman, the rate for the year was struck on the same terms as that of last year. The Ihmdatiba Divisional Board also met on Saturday. In compliance with a request from the district engineer, permission was granted the department to erect a temporary over bridge at Limestone, in connection with the duplication of the railway line between Ipswich and Brisbane ; the department to be held responsible for any accidents that might occur in consequence of its election. A communication was received from Mr. W. Haigh, stating that the proprietors of Cooneana and some neighbouring properties proposed constructing a branch line of railway which would junction with the Southern and Western line, and would cross two thoroughfares-the main road to Brisbane and a back road. The board was asked to grant permission for the construction of the line across the roads referred to. The members of the board had no objection to granting the request, providing that suitable gates were erected at the crossings and that traffic was in no way impeded by Ino line. A motion was ultimately carried that further information respecting the matter should be furnished to the board. The monthly meeting of the Brassall Divisional Board was held on Saturday afternoon. A memorial was received from residents of the Upper Brisbane and adjacent localities, draw- ing attention to the necessity for a direct road to Ipswich, and suggesting the desirableness of erecting a bridge across the Bremer, near the Woodend Pocket. It was decided that the memorial be received, and that the board use their influence with the members for the town and district in order to secure the building of the bridge by the Government. Messrs. Atkin- son and Bostock's tender for the evaluation of the properties in the division, at a re- muneration of £125, was accepted, on the cast- ing vote of the chairman, after considerable discussion. A youth named Siiiuldcr was admitted to the hospital on Saturday night, having been run over by a waggon on the Buiulanba-road. While he was in the act of lighting his pipe the pole of the vehicle struck him on the chest, causing severe contusions. A cricket match was commenced at North Ipswich on Saturday afternoon between eleven seniors and eighteen juniors chosen from the various local clubs. The latter completed their first innings for 78 runs, and when the stumps were drawn the former had lost three wickets for 72 runs, of which Stevens made 24, and Wells and Moore were " not out for 1!) and 11 respectively. A charge was made by the trustees of the reserve for admission to the ground, and the sum of £4 2s. 6d. was netted. Hegarty a Excelsior Band performed during the afternoon, and there was a fair attendance of the public. The regular meeting of the Municipal Council was held this afternoon. Amongst the correspondence read was an application from the Ipswich Coal and Coke Company for a lease of the coal shoots at the bottom of Ferguson-street, North Ipswich, which was granted some time ago to a con! proprietor who, it was alleged, never signed a contract or paid anything for the Hinno. As Mr. jiicscliko's application had been granted, it was resolved not to entertain the present one, but to give Mr. Jaeschke a chance to take up the lease, the understanding being that if he did not within a fortnight it would be can called, The town clerk was instructed to inform the now applicants that the southern part of Ferguson-street was available. The town valuators Messrs. Atkinson and Bos- tock handed in the valuation book. Mr. Bostock made a short statement, showing that an increase in the valuation of ratable properly had been made, as compared with the last one, to the extent of £0181, this being £50,000 as against the previous one of £41,019. The advance in the different wards was North Ward, £1978; East Ward, £1910; and West Ward, £25911, The question of striking rates for the current year cropped up, and, after discussion, it was decided to hold a special meeting of the council on Monday next for the purpose of considering the matter. Some talk took place with reference to bringing the Health Act into force, and it was resolved that the various medical men in town be written to and asked if they would be agreeable to act as medical officers, if appointed, and what remuneration they would require. It was also decided to offer the lease, of the corporation property in Bremer-street at auction, the lease to be for twenty years, and the payments yearly. Caron s Company gave a concert in the School of Arts to-night to a fair audience. THE Port Moresby correspondent of the S. M. Herald writing on 6th March says : For the last six weeks this has been a most melancholy place. The sickness among the natives, to which I referred in my last, has increased rather than diminished. Upwards of forty deaths have occurred in Port Moresby alone, and some of the natives are now lying hopelessly ill. It is a chest disease, and, to a non-professional, has all the appearance and symptoms of pleurisy. There is also a good deal of remittent fever about. The sanitary condition of the village is of course had but then it is always so. There is nothing exceptionally offensive, and no decaying animal or vegetable refuse. Large quantities of damp, fermenting sago in the houses have probably more to do with the sickness. Whatever be the cause, no such mortality has been known since the epidemic of smallpox which raged about eighteen or twenty years ago. In several cases husband and wife have both died within a few hours of each other. In some families the mortality has been very great It has been confined to adults, and the strongest, finest physique have suffered most. The natives are quite dazed and bewildered. They are too frightened to wail over the dead. A shallow grave is hastily made, and in silence the dead body is buried as soon as the breath is out of it All burials here are made in the street, just opposite the house which the deceased formerly occupied. Those numerous shallow graves in the midst of the living are another source of disease. Want of food has aggravated the sickness. Many lives have been saved by the rice, which the mission has daily distributed to those most needing it. The long drought has been followed by copious rain ; but it has come too late to save the bananas, which the people depend on for this time of year. The lookout for the future is not bright as regards food. The gardens are neglected and unvisited. Fear of Uíiía-vnfa (Asiatics, ghosts), keeps the people who are well from crossing the hills to look after the gardens. No man will venture out in broad daylight without his bows and arrows, and as to going out after dark, why he would never expect to return. Port Moresby has been the greatest sufferer from the epidemic, but news is coming in of sickness and death from other villages, and there is reason to fear that it will travel all along the coast. A CUTLASS that once belonged to Lord Byron has been presented to the museum of the Historical and Ethnological Society of Athens. There is an inscription on it stating that it was given to Dr. Pctros Stepbanitzls of Santa Maura at Missolonghi on March 10-22, 1524. THE decrease in England's prison population, which has been such a notable feature of recent years, is still maintained. The number of Serbs in 1885 is lft221.« «?»»* T7y121 at the end of the prison year 1883-4, and the total falling off since 1878 has been 4679. 