Aunt Betsy's Present. ' Well, I must say I think it horribly mean of your Aunt Betsy, Estella. After making such a favourite of. youallyonr life, and having you with her ever since you were a mere baby, she might have sent you something worth having on your twenty-first birthday, especially as she knows how poor we are since your father's death,' Baid my mother sharply. ' lou had better take it as a hint tor the iuture and not build any more castles on what Aunt Betsy is likely to do for you,' remarked my sister Lena. Walter, my brother, added with a provoking grimace : — ' Here endeth my sister Stella's ' great expectations.' ' ' You need not make such unpleasant .remarks,' I answered, pettishly. ' In sending me the portrait of her old sweetheart, poor auntie has given me her greatest trea sure, and she, no doubt, thinks! shall value it as much as she does.' ' Well, it may come in useful, after all, for if, as I ex pect, you never get a swoetheart, you can imagine he was yours, when you are a sour oM maid 'like Aunt Betsy,' said Lena, who prided herself not a little on being engaged at eighteen, while I at twenty-one had never had an offer, nor even the ghost of a lover. I hud lived with Aunt Betsy down in her quiet country home in the South of Cornwall until my father's death two years before, when coming up to London for his funeral, I found my mother left in such straitened circumstances that I felt it my duty to stay and earn what money I could to help her. Thereby, however, I incurred Aunt Betsy's anger. ' Surely,' she wrote, ' your brother and sister can help your mother. You have no need to leave me lonely in my old age, after 1 have had all the trouble of you as a child,' &c.; I would willingly have returned, for a close London lodging was not at all to my taste after my aunt's large, airy country house, but my mother seemed to lean on me, and so dreaded my leaving her, that I had not the heart to go. Aunt Betsy neither came nor wrote, and I quite resigned myself to the idea that I was hopelessly on her black books when the above related event took place. Now I knew that I was forgiven. In her early youth Aunt Betsy, then the beautiful Elizabeth Marston, my father's only sister, had been engaged to the son and heir of a wealthy London banker. He had been sent abroad, on business for his father, just before they were to have been married, and through the jealousy treachery of another man who had madly loved her, and wished to 6upplant his rival, the engagement had been suddenly broken off by him. He then remained abroad, and Aunt Betsy never heard from him again. Just before he left England .he had pre sented her with a beautiful little miniature of himself sot in gold and diamonds, and this she kept, together with her maiden name; no other lover ever induced her to change it. As a girl I had often seen and reverently admired the pretty souvenir, and I had taken all a girl's keen interest in the love-story attached to it. Aunt hud always told me it was to be mine, and now I felt certain, with this treasure in my possession, that I had not quite lost my old place in her favour, though I heard in the same letter in which she solemnly commended the portrait to my care, that she hnri adopted an orphan girl in my place as her companion and probable heiress. I put the letter and portrait away with a sigh of re gret for my old happy home, with its quiet and free dom from the daily toil and worry that were now my por tion. Things went on from bad to worse with us, and my twenty-second birthday found me in despair. Walter, in despair, had gone to New Zealand. Lena had married on a very slender income, and gone to live in the North. I could not bend to ask help from Aunt Betsy, and my mother was ill, and my work so scarce that I could barely find us in the necessaries of life. At last I too became ill, and we had not a penny in the house; everything we had, even poor mamma's engage niem ring, iiou guuc lvr xuuu. ' Stella, you must go and get some money. Mrs. Bur ton says she will have the rent to-morrow, or we slmit have to turn out into the street. There is — would you mind, dear? — your Aunt Betsy's present; you could get enough for that to keep us for a long time.' 'Mamma, dear, I cannot, dare not sell it! Anything of mine I would not withhold, but -*''» — oh, don't ask me !' 'And yet the generous donor has never sent us the price .of a loaf,' said my mother, bitterly. 'Well, -»!»» my wedding-ring ; it has never been off my finger Rinw your poor, dear father put it on 25 years ago ; but it must go now.' ' No, no, mamma, you must not, shall not take it off. I will go and take aunt's present, not to sell, but to the pawnshop ; then I may, perhaps, get it back when Walter sends us some money.' With a heavy heart and weary lagging steps, I departed on my hateful errand. All our things had been sola ; we had preferred to lose them to going into that last disgrace ful refuge of thedestitute, a London pawnbroker's. Arrival outside, I paced to and fro, until my tottering limbs, weak from illness and continual fasting, warned me that my strength would not hold out-much longer. I entered. Only one other person— a tall, dark gentle mam whose face I could not see in the — stood there talking to the shopman. ' I tell you, my man, the plate is here. It has been traced by a clever detective, who will join me here in a few minutes. He is only delayed because he ihjnlra he has traced the thief, and has gone to follow up the search.' ' Well, sir, lam sure you are mistaken, but my principal will be here in a few minutes; you must talk to him. What can I do for you, young woman?' lie asked, turning, to me somewhat eagerly, evidently glad of an excuse to evade the unpleasant visitor's conversation. Unable to speak, I drew forth my treasure. Hie shop keeper looked suspiciously at me as he took it up and tested it. ' Your name and address, please,' lie said, sharply. And how much do you want?' ' I wan't a — a little money, if you please,' I faltered. As I the gentleman turned and I could feel a pair . of bright, keen eyes scanning my pale face. I grew mor - helplessly confused; my tongue refused to utter a word. ' Tell the shopman how much you want, and your name my good girl,' he said, in a kind and pitying tone. Then, for the first time, I raised my eyes to his face, feeling that I had found a friend. Merciful Heaven ! was I dreaming, or had my late troubles driven reason from my brain, and filled it with wild delusive fancies. Surely there stood th# original of Aunt Betsy's portrait, but young stalwart as be had been 40 years ago, when it was taken. In vain I tried to speak. I could only point helplessly to the portrait ; the shop with its occupants and its contents swam around me,' ana with a cry for help I sank fainting to the ground* When I next awoke to consciousness, I was lying on an improvised bed on the old couch in our sitting-room at home. I moved my head, it felt weak and sore. Then I tried to lift my hands, but to my surprise I was powerless to do so. A woman, plainly dressed, with a kind, motherly face, was sitting near me, and rose as I moved. I looked around bewildered: ' Mamma ! ' I called feebly. 'Hush, hush, my dear miss,' said the kind-looking woman soothingly. 'You must not speak; your mamma is asleep and you might wake her.' So I lay still, wondering weakly who she was_ and who had sent her there ; but presently, seeing her stir the fire into a blaze, I forgot her caution, as all my old anxieties came back, and I said pleadingly : 'Don't poke the fire, please. It will burn out too quickly, and we have no more coals.' 'Oh, now, miss, you have been dreaming. The cellar is nearly full, the coals only came last week.' Again I essayed to answer, but was so gently yet with such authority ordered to be quiet that I was glad to obey, so I lay still, enjoying the sensation of being able not even to think. In a day or two I grew stronger, and one morning, to my delight, my mother came in, and 1 had leave given me to talk a little. Then I heard all about my late adventure. ' It is really a most wonderful event, my dear, and reads like a chapter out of a three- volume novel,' said my mother, who, by the way. looked quite bright and strong again. ' When you fell down in a faint, you let fall the envelope in which you had carried the miniature, and the gentleman who was in the shop ? -' ' I remember him, mamma,' I cried, excitedly ; 41 he was the very image .of the portrait. I fancied I must be dreaming.' « ' That is the strangest part of the story, but you won't let me tell it to you properly, my dear. That gentleman saw your name and address, brought you home in a cab, sent a nurse in n*'? everything we wanted, and has been our good angel ever since. He is Arthur Rashleigh, the only son of your Aunt Betsy's old lover, who, after mourning the supposed faithlessness'of his old love, married late in life, and' has not long been dead, leaving Arthur a large fortune. His astonishment at seeing you with his father's portrait, you may be sure, was very great. However, it was a very lucky for us ; after all, Aunt Betsy's present was not such a poor one. By the way, here it is; Mr. Bashleigh was kind enough to bring it back with him.' There was one thing which did not appear to concern my mother in the least, but made my pale face flame, and that was the idea of receiving all these benefits from a mere stranger, upon whom we had not the slightest claim, unless the fact that his father, 40 years ago, had been my aunt's lover could be considered one. So I made up an eloquent speech, in which I thanked him warmly for all his goodness, and delicately yet firmly con veyed the information that I intended to repay him as soon as 1 could get work again. But carefully as I rehearsed it, that eloquent speech was never uttered, nor did I wonder at my mother's willingness to receive benefits from him, when once I had seen and talked with him. He was so lonely, he said ; he had not a friend or relative in y.Tiglanfl, and a man-servant, whom he had treated with kindness and confidence, had just robbed him of some valuable old family plate which his father had thought highly of, and had carried with him in all his wanderings. For me — may I confess it without shame — the grateful interest I felt in him soon grew into love, and, ah, happy as my life has been since, can -I ever forget that happy evening when walking home from tho theatre, whither he had taken me, he told me that he loved me dearly, and asked me to be his wife ? 'But I — I am poor, I am not pretty, and I am so old!' I pleaded, fearing to accept this sweet new happiness, and mindful of Lena's depreciation of my personal appearance, age, &c.; Arthur laughed and drew my arm closer in his. ' If you aro too old for marriage at 22, how may 1 hope, with six more years added oh, ever to enter that blissful state ?' he asked. So I said yes, and soon after we all went down to Aunt Betsy's, and there I was married at thelittle village church, to the son of her old lover, who loved and reverenced tho queer, touchy old maid not a little for her loyal devotion to nis father. So Aunt Betsy's present saved my dear mother's life, and - also saved me from the dreadful fate Lena had threatened me with. I had it made into a locket, and wear it con stantly. It is generally mistaken for the portrait of mv dear husband, so is the large oil painting of Ms father which hangs in our drawing-room, from which the^miniature was copied. We are very happy, and when my brother Walter comes home, as we expsct him to do with his young bride, next Christmas, we «hnll have a wonderful story to tell him of that same present which he and Lena had thought so littto of.— & F. News Letter 