The Extravagant Hindu Legend. Of the Hinda legends the moBt striking feature {a their wfldness. li it a protest against the dull monotony ol lite in India Y Or i» life leu monotonous to the native than to the European ? Lai Behari's tales, any how, an wilder than (he wildest bits ot the " Arabian Nights." A yeung man puts an egg of the toontoonia bird into a Clipboard, and ont of it oomes a babe that grows into the loveliest girl the world erer saw. The mannik stone in some mikes' heads is worth the wealth of seven kings. In a certain city an elephant is king maker, bat the king of his ohoioe only reigns a da;, fot ont ol the queens month oomes a threadlike snake, whioh slays him in the bridal chamber. A long- lost son, who had fallen in love with his mother, and has mounted the oow- honse roof that be may break in and oarry her off, happily hears his life's story from tiro calve* that are quietly disoassing him below. A wife going oat of doors on a dark night aooi dentally knooks up against a Sankahinni, white lady ghost, that aat on a low bmnob. The revengeful oreatute at once took her by the throat, thrust her into a hole in the tree, and went in, taking her shape eo completely that the mother-in-law, that universal inmate ot the Hindu hut, was deoeived. The only diflerenoe was that, whereas the wife had been weak and languid, the ghoBt was brisk and active. " She has turned over a new leaf; so muoh the better," said the mother-in-law, when the errands and the cooking were done in next to no time. But one day the old woman caught sight ot the ghost fetching something from the next room ghost fashion, by etrotobing out a long arm-for ghosts oan Btrrtsh tbeir limbs a great way, thongh not as far as Bakshaeis oan. She aaid nothing, but told her son, and they watched, and be. lure lonu tliey saw the kitchen hearth ablaae, though they knew there was no fire in the house. Looking through a ohink they aaw that the wite had thrust her foot into the oven, and that it was burning like a bit of wood. " Sbe's a ghost," they whispered, as they went (or tbe ojha, who tested her by burning tumeric under her nose. She proved her K'lOHtnhip by screaming, and was than beaten with slippers till abo confessed and showed where the real wife was, and was again beaten till the promised never to do the family any further harm.->111 the Year Hound. A aaored burden !b thie life ye bear : Look on it, lift it, bear it solemnly. Stand up and walk beneath it steadfastly. Vail not for sorrow, falter not for lin, But onward, upward, till the goal ye wis. 