? HAMLET" AT THE FRANCAIS. (Pall Mall Gazette.) (As SEEN FROM THE GALLERY). I Finding it impossible to procure a ticket at the first location ( C arrived in Paris on Tuesday), I determined to take my chance at the second for the premiere of " Hamlet." I was very late. The crowd which had been waiting in the pens outside the pigeon- hole from which were distributed the passes for the cheaper places had all but disap- 1 peared. A few excited enthusiasts, however, were still fighting round the bureau I I joined them and got a ticket for the same galleries. Huirying up the staircase, I found that the men galleries was complete So ascending to the amphitheatre, and gently working my way, I obtained a seat commanding a fine view of the house, and an even finer view of the i chandelier. The heat was oppressive, but the company far from rough. Most of those round me had brought air-cushions and small footstools. There was a little I squabbling over places; but, when once ' secured, the seats became the undisputed possession of the happy occupants for the remainder of the evening. Between the acts we flocked out either to stand by the | then-opened windows on the landings or to visit the cafes in the square below. When the bell rang in the corridors who flocked in again. Most of the cheaper places were filled with habitués and those who had been unable to secure places in the better parts of the house. We had soldiers amongst us ; some with opera-glasses, others evidently of the people, who, as the heat became more oppressive, divested themselves of their belts and tunics. There were three knocks, and then amidst a cry to those in front from those behind to "sit down" the curtain rose. The first point was made by the arrival of the Ghost. Most of us did not know who or what he was, and his identity was freely canvassed. At length a gentleman announced that the blur seen fitfully behind the chandelier was " the spectre." This piece of information was passed round, and after the conversation between Horatio (the names of the dramatis persons sounded strangely in French pro- enunciation) with " the others was completed the curtain fell for the first time. There was a buzz of conversation, but no movement, for the warning three knocks told us that it was a tableau, and that the act was in- complete. Again the curtain lifted, and we were in the King's palace. His Majesty was gorgeously attired, though not as Englishmen are accustomed to see him. The arms of Denmark were represented here and there by the modern lions and hearts, and the National Anthem of the country turned out to be very like the Russian Hymn, The scene passed ; Hamlet had his say, and here, no doubt to strengthen the love interest, the Prince was made to present Ophelia with a love-letter. "We were interested, but not at all excited ; most of us, indeed, being of the gentleman's opinion who said "it was more amusing at the Opera." Again the tableau curtain descended, and once more rolled up, showing us Scene I., with the spectre and the watchers, now strengthened by "You Altesse." And here we had our first excitement : the scene was changed in our presence, exhibiting a more remote part of the ramparts. I believe there was no precedent for this feat at the Theatre Francais and when a voice exclaimed " There is no danger 1" we did not laugh. The long speeches of the Ghost were listened to with great attention, especially that in which he described his unprepared ness to meet death " without having received extreme unction." But there was no applause until, to silence the " perturbed spirit of his father, Hamlet allowed the moonlight shadow of the cross formed by the hilt of his sword to fall upon the ground. Then the audience were roused for the first time, and there were three rounds of genuine applause. My neighbour (a < well-informed gentleman with a Communistic expression of counte- nance)' informed me that he had seen " M. Wilson Barrett" produce the same effect in London. There he was not quite right ; the " business" was certainly English, but the applause exclusively French. From this point we were enthusiastic. Scene after scene was received with the heartiest enthusiasm and when we got to the play within a play the cheering really shook the house, M. Sully (who gave rather an effeminate reading of Hamlet, recalling by his voice and gestures Fechter)crept along the floor with a modern fan borrowed from Ophelia and at the climax produced a great effect, when he defied his uncle, by breaking to pieces the fragile shield that had served to conceal his face. The gentleman who preferred the opera admitted that this was "a very pretty morsel," Again, the scene with the players (taken from one act and placed in another was declared to be " marvellous." The gravediggers' wit was not appreciated ; but Hamlets fainting fit at the end of the scene in the church- yard was considered " very fine." M. Sully fainted more than once, by the way : he succumbed at the end of the play scene, rolling down a staircase. And here I may point out that the theatre's reputation for correctness in detail was rather endangered by some of the properties, Ophelia had two fans-one of the most modern description. Mdlle. Eeichemberg (who played Ophelia as an ingenue) appeared on a bier covered with a profusion of flowers by no means suggestive of the period. But what of all this We in the gallery were delighted, and again and again applauded the genius of-well, I must admit M. Alexandre Dumas pore. We were pleased with the scene of the King at his prayers (so often omitted in England), and did not notice that the part of Polonius (played although it was by Got) had been seriously mutilated. Our next thrill of excitement after the funeral was the King's prompting of Laertes to murder Hamlet. This evoked a very audible murmur of horror. Oaric was not appreciated ; but the fencing match revived our enthusiasm, and when M. Sully, rendered suspicious by his wound, disarmed Laertes, and then discovered that the button, had been removed from his opponent's goal, the cheering was deafening. It was now a quarter to 1 o'clock, and I had managed to get to the back of the amphitheatre, so as to make my exit rapidly before the curtain fell. But I had time to see M. Sully stab the King three times and then force the remains of the poisoned wine between his clenched teeth. Again the cheering was renewed and when the cur- tain fell there was but one opinion in the house-the "Hamlet" of Alexandre Dumas pyre was a perfect success. As we of the gallery streamed out I overheard one lady Bay that she liked it even better than his " Tour 'de Nesle." 