TLEMINGTON IN CURL PAPERS. (BY GABNET WALCII.) My first experience of a racecourse—oh I memorable event o£ my liobblo- do-1ioyhood, of which I shall toll the Btory onsonic foturo occasion—was over so ninny years ago, tho locality being the Sow- Town eonvinoinR-ground, near liobart; iny last such visit—up to date—was on yesturdav, (ho 23rd day of Juno, m this year of firace, eighteen eighty-six, nnd the place Flomioglon. Tlio ' sporting' reader, with the distinctive acumen of his tribe, will at once perceive tint on the day in question there was, as with Hans Brfitmann'e Wasscr-Madchen, 'nothing on.' And that is what attracted me, just nB it did Ritter Hugo in tho ballad. I wanted to see tlio place sans the people, the Cr«-sc and its concomitants without the crowd. I happened to mention this a little time baclt to a member of tho Melbourne Presbytery, who is a regular attendant at tho Fleimngton meetings, and ho promised mo an introduction to Mr. Byron Moore, the Secretary of the V.R.C., a gentleman of whom my readers may possibly liavc heard. Mr. Mooro, who visits the Course thrice a week all the year round, was good enough to oiler mo a seat in his trap, and to him am I indebted for such facta hereinafter set down as did not come under my own immediate observe* tion. We approach the course by tho main carriage-drive, with its rows of Bymmet ncril pines and handsome post-and-cliain border—a vast improvement on the galvanised iron fence of yore—and alighting, make our way to the Hill. Hero we find ft'large body of workmen-engaged on(thc new Uill- stand—' the pit, so to speak, of , -our'theatre,' says Mr. Moore, rapidly ^'vO'ao*Biiaig<ae:«oilrl'«)ub.1inlra<trJiendi-. y t.-jman, iJonathan, stands ready for/quick iut moisting ^5,400 people, while the earth \- excavated- fromits foundations, added to . " ihe®U itself, gives vantage-ground for 1 3,000 more—asort of practical vetBion of •the Irishman's blanket-lengthening feat, to which Mr. Moore, Ustc further pi oofs, is rather partial. Wo mount the Stand, and ' view the shining landscape o er.' In the diBtance, lying in front and to the right and left of us, in an extended crescent, are marvellous Melbourne—great G. A. S. we thank thee for that adjective—and several of its further suburbs, Btill, thoush it is 10 of the clock, somewhat veiled in momm" haze, liut with all prominent spires and bulky buildings clearly distinguishable -. nearer &t-ill;,FleimnE!ton. Essendon, and 1' ootscray, - with the ' silver streak' >of the Saltwater River, beloved of bream fishers ; and in the immediate foreground, the course—every inch of it discernible from 1 start' to ' finish •—the ' jumps,' training tracks, and dividing fences map- like in their distinctness. Tho training tracks in themselves, we learn, extend over four and a half miles, and one of them just completed cost £1,000. The ground covered in rolling and harrowing the various tracks amounts to no less than 7,000 miles per annum; Close beneath us are the manv buildings dotting tho Saddling-paddock : then tho dual Grand Stand, whence 'the swells.'by the-way, will have no better view than we, and then the Hill itself, sloping up to our feet, ruled across its verdant face with the 1 barriers' or * breaks,' so admirably designed, partly as rests for the elbows of the ' madding crowd ' and partly as safoty-valveB for the pressure of surging humanity. Passing to the rear of the Hill-stand by a convenient gangway piercing it through the centre, we see the preparation for the bars that are to take the place of the unsightly sheds of old, the convenient range of lockerB for the caterers, and the extensive luncheonrooms, where the public are henceforth to enjov a good and comfortable 'square meal' for their half- crown. Enough accommodation here for the appetite of aGargantua, audfordnnkablcstoassuagc even the thirst of the famous period when Pantagruel wos born, and when the; • v:: drought—to quote the chronicler—' had \- lasted -thirtynDdiiix.months, three weeks, • - four -dayflj 'thirteen 1 hours, nod a little jriore,' or about BB Jong .it recently lasted-throughout the Australia of to day. -Facing the .verandah at tho back of the , sew Stand is the seven-acre Recreation Reserve,' already a favorite resort of tho iHilhtes, with its sheltered noons, its mirror-embellished rustic pavilions for ladicB and family parties, its belt of flourishing shrubs, its flower parterres and Fountains and its pleasant greensward. Here, remote alike frum the hubbub of the Hat and Saddling Paddock,' or the rivalries of the fashionable Lawn, can inaterfamilias and the 'chicks' enjoy themselves and even HUBS a raco, in domestic dvlcr. fay v.trufc, while their own special band discourseth them sweet music. Truly this Recreation Reserve is a qr.-imi idea, liberally carried out. No wonder that the attendance at the Hill alone last Cup Da}' waB upwards of 5,000 in excess of any previous meeting. As we shall see anon, Mr. Mooro has proved that ho recogaiEes the requirements of the ' Upper Ten ;' but here, on the Hill, he is essentially 'the Peoples Caterer,' and as such say I, for one,' loug mav he wave.' While still on the brow of the Hill, we command the variouB approaches to the course, the wide gravelled paths, the equally well-kept roads, the overhead bridges and subways bv which the great masses of people movo too and fro in tnree great divisions, like so many battalions of one vast army, without anv of the jostling and clashing of the former days. Mr. Moore must have studied the science of war, or at any rate have plaved many n bout of Kriegspiel to have mustered the dilhculties of the situation as he has; Descending the Hill, my attention is drawn to still further improvements now making to the m-iin Grand Stand, which is being- substantially lengthened at both ends by the addition, of new committee and stewards' rooniB, members lavatcries, &c.; I am also allowed to inspect the suite of apartments specially prepared for His - Excellency the Governor and his \- friends, including reception and retiring rooms, an elegant boudoir,' and a spacious Juncheon-room, all richly furnished and • • decorated witlrgreat taste. -Noticing in passing the new .Press-room, where my ^brother'hirehngliacks'-r-rStrong.iiorgive Bj3i3»itejieysram&rs;?l>B:-jirenohifier f<j£i ?^esi3e.'a^ei)ibiiizeii(iovered'«table;imuch ; ».^likfe a rowjof atoiablBi- penguins by the sod B tsea'!waveB—paEBing tluB centrally-situated and well- arranged Toom,i am shown the \- new Tea and Coffee -Room, 80 feet long, \- with its excellent appliances, and next the two "spacious apartments,, one at each end . of the Stand, provided specially for the ladies, and so much appreciated at recent • meetings. My space is limited, and I cannot enter into details of how every possible want and wish of the fair ones is here forestalled. Mr. Moore, with all hia Protean business capacity, is also evinently' a * ladies' man' in tho best sense of the word. But I must find room to mention that Ibe'very chaste decorations of these apartments, as well as of the Governor's suite, &c.;, are by M. Suturbure, a gentleman recently settled in Melbourne. An improvement that will escape the notice of lacegocrs, but will be almost unconsciously appreciated, is a new grasBy ridge towards the western end of the Grand Stand, formed of the earth cxca vated from the foundation of the extension close by. and capable of accommodating a . thousand spectators. I here learn that no less than 25,000 cubic yards of earth have \- ilins been utilised thronghont the grounds.'. while at the western end of the Grand •. -Stand I see preparations for removing the , Electric Telegraph Office and Clock Tower -:. "to jnore.central positions ;:alBO, for the -. . erection of numerous,electric'scratching .:boards-.litre, there, and everywhere, an -...-item that thepublic will Jiail with-pleasure. Retiming along the -front of the Grand; Stand, a lengthy promenade in itself, noticing en piKsant the -luncheon -room, •with its thousand and odd chairs ready at £ Moment's notice, .we come to further extensive.alterations in active: progress at the eastern end, the approaches beiDggieatly^fhdened, and a new .slope being; made to leadi ato earners directlyfrom the : train to the back of the Stand, thus saving them time and trouble. A new grass terrace at the eastern end of the lawn pro-, vides increased facilities of view for 6,000 people, the earth for this being obtained from the excavations for the foundations; of yet another new Grand btand on the slope hard by. This Stand, now all hut completed, affords a splendid overlook for some 3,600 spectators, with fine bar accommodation, luncheon rooms, &c.;, at the rear. Willi just a peep at the railway station, whence on last Cup Day no less than 25 trains wero despatched in • seventeen minutes, where tnree trams can draw up in readiness on each Bide, while the central rails hold carriages for 10,000 more travellers—and where the very lengthy platforms help tho crowds to melt away as by magio—we take a hurried tour amongst the hothouses and nurseries,' where the flowers that bloom in the spring,' or autumn, as tho case may be. are coaxed into floral perfection, and meet their engagements with a promptitude that savours of commercial morality Tile fernery with its wealth of foliage and its 'Minnehaha' fountain, tho roomy carpenter's shop, paint room ironmongery store, stables, &c.;, all removed from their former locality so as to Improve the general entourage of the course ; the afternoon tea-house for tho ladies, the carriage paddock, and the plots of ground where tho Club grows its own horse-feed, &c.;, the quarry whence excellent road metal IB obtained at prime cost—all these are rapidly visited in turn; and then mounting once more into tho tiap, we proceed bet. ween beds of migaouette and other flowers alo^g the new members' drive (m itself an exceedingly convenient and excellent affair), and pause at the top of the rise to take a comprehensive view of the' course' and its, surroundings. The improvements we .have just inspected provide increased accommodation - for upthiSrHJOngelieVBi-b'iMpacit^ -•notonly, far outBtnppingiany.modora racecourse, but exceeding the great show places. (>£ old. The Coliseum of Some, so often quoted as one of the seven wonders of the Middle Ages, held tome 70,000 people. Flemington can nolv accommodate lialf as many again, without taking into consideration the numerous natural slopes and ' coigns of vantage round about. Leaving the cuurse, my attention is dr-iwn to a new street about to bo opened to tho I'leminglon road. Tins will be a great convenience, as it saves a long detour, affording at the same time better travelling for the vehicles. Taken altogether the recent improvements at Ftcinington make it. apart from other considerations, a placo well wurtliy of a visit even when it is, as above, ' in its curlpapers.' With the sp'endid pre... gramme of tho forthcoming WinterMeetr. ing on the 17th July superadded, who' would not bo there 7 ,..:. You may bear in mind that this n.all an adjunct to the real business of the day, namely, the racing, and to those who are really fond of that mostEnghshof English, and Irish of Irish sports, cross-country racing, the programme will indeed be a treat- Tho first event on tho card of the day's sport is TUB MAIDF.N HUHDI.E RACE, specially intended to introduce new blood into the ranks of the hurdle racers, aud hero wo see blood, bone, and beauty in fair skins, for here such celebrities on tho racecourse as Plausible. Sheet Anchor, First Prince, Seahorse, Aristocrat, Country Boy, Ebony, Black Diamond, and a host of others, will do battle. Then comes the MAIDF.H SLEEI'LUCHASE, and hero we find Royal Maid making her debut, over big fences, among many whose names arc new to fame, as well as those whose essays over fences have been numerous but uncrowned hitherto with BUCC0SB. THE GHAND NATIONAL HURDLE RACE follows, and as Mr. Barnard has liad his usual success in allotting tlje weights, one of the grandest races over hurdles ever seeu should result. Fancy a Melbourne Cup winner, in Sheet Anchor, receiving, weight from that'beautiful little chestnut. The Agent, and that justly, for the son of Slanderer ls-certainly King of the Castle as a hurdle racer; then Insolvent, Hunts-; man, Tanlaliser, Dittowhoran.close upin . an Australian Cup, Duration, Distiller, Coloola, Koolyto, Aristocrat, Hilltop, Don Quixote, Sinking Fund, Vanderbilt, and Grattan should all ptove worthy rivals to the first-named pair at the burdens allowed them. The event, however, winch always causes the most intense excitement on hill, paddock, or lawn is THE GKAHD NATIONAI, STEEPLECHASE, in which the great Taainanian son of Horatio, Denmark, holds, by virtue of many victories, the pride of place, giving weight even unto the giant Mernder, a thorougnbred horse standing nearly, if not quite, eighteen hands. Then Lady Asliton, that grand duugllter of Panic, is alone worth going to see. Studloy. who has placed a lot of jumping events to Ins credit, is also here. Gamo makes hiB first appearance over tho big sticks, whilst those ancients of days, Kanaka and Blackthorn, again reviBit tlio scene of their former triumphs. Adelaide sends Remy, Brown Eagle, and Charcoal, Blackall IB from Queensland, Clarence represents New Zealand, kuchrc is a Gippslauder though trained at Ballaratj while Caledonian is anotherTasinanian ; besides these a host of lesser lights adorn the programme, and this should be the greatest steeplechase over seen at Fleimngton. A FLAT RACE ends the day s sports, and here all tho speedy milers of the dav at'o engaged. Boollca, Moroney, Britisher. Ringmaster, Acolyto, Silvcrmine, The Ghost, Mozart, Ironmaster, and St. Odille are in themselves eufhcicnt to show that sport of the merriest kind may be expected. 