IMTBRMA TJ OMAL COM CRESS OP THE SAL V A T1 OM ARM Y. 9 The Salvation Army propose to avail them- Eclvcs of the Colonial uud Indian Exhibition for the purpose of holding their first Inter national Congress in Loudon, from 23th May to 4 th June. Renrcscntatives will be nresent from tbo Australian colonics, tho United States of America, Canada, India and Ceylon, Soufh Africa, Sweden, France, and Switzerland. There will also be present n considerable num ber of Salvationists from various parts o; the world. Representative groups of Hindoos, Chiucse, Negroes, American Indians, and Maoris are expected to uuito with Salvationists of nearly every nationality iu the son-ices, which will be as follows : — Friday Evening, May 23. — Wolcoino to the officers and delegates from abroad in Exeter Hall. Saturday Morning and Afternoon. — United march of officers and soldiers. Evening. — Special demonstrations in sixty halls in various parts of Loudon. Sunday. — Salvation meetings in every London corps. Is is intended to secure the use of as mauy theatres and public halls as possible. Monday Morning and Afternoon. — Congress meetings at the Congress Hall, Exeter Hall and the Great Western Hall. Evening meetings in the same balls, and also in the Camberwcll Great Hall and the Grecian Theatre. Tuesday.— The Congress Hall, Exeter Ilall and the Great Western Hall all day ; also Cam- bcrwell Great Hall at night. Wednesday. — Tho Congress Hall and the Great Western Hall, all day ; also, Camberwcll Great Hall and Exeter Hall at night. Thursday. — Officers only at Clapton; morning and afternoon. Publio meetings at night at tho Congress Hall, Exeter Hall, and Great Western Hall. Friday.— Officers only; all day at Clapton. At 11 p.m., all night of thanksgiving at the Congress Hall. Tickets to officers, and then by preference to soldiers from abroad and' at a distance. Not more than 5000 will be issued. The objects of the Congress are defined as follows ; 1\. That the leaders and soldiers engaged in this great movemont may become better acquainted with each other. 2\. That thero may bo a groat increase of that brotherly lovo and mutual sympathy which at present so largely prevails, but which it is very desirable should be increased. 3\. That new methods and plans of action may bo laid down, explained, understood and acted upon. 4\. That thero may bo a great Pentecostal baptism of tbo fire of the Holy Ghost upon the multitudes who shall nssembc together, purify ing from sin and inflaming all with tho pure love of God, and pitying compassion for perishing men, that shall spread salvation to tho uttermost parts of the earth. Special excursion trains at low rates will he run from all parts of the country. 