PHELAM HAPPY BUT LAPilE. ' Good avening, Phelan, how is Mary Ann 1111' yourself ?' said Micluiol O'Rouiico as tlio two fi'ionds.niet at O'PJiosoy's placo - up in Dolittlo Alloy. ' Oh fwo aro woll, tlinnlc yo, Moiko. In fact, Oi lnoight say, loifo is worth tho livin* wanco 111010, 1111' Oi falo as light hearted as a oalf in a tin aoro lot. Yoir ? ico tho slcatin' rinks havo all closed, an' now Mary Anil is ^continued to stay ho tho house au' cook 1110 males for 1110. ? Nivor r.holoss, Moiko, ? wid ovory bit of swato tlioro is always a certain ainountav bitlor, 111' be 1110 soul, Oi , gob moy sharo laaht' - uoi^ht, an' Oi 11111 that lame that Oi falo is If a utrato car had run ovor 1110 pur son.' ? ' V ' Phat was it, Pholan, that made yo lame?' Oi liopo ib is nothing serious,' said Michael, in a sympathetic tono of voice. 'Oh, it was something serious, Moiko, an' if yo will bo aisy, Oi will toll, you how it happened. Do you romiinbor not long nio son Edward, the. dtulo, au' Patsy trojil ' ? to scare ino bo pretendin' that tlioro 'was ' burglars in tho houso ?' ' Ot do thnt same, for 3ro como up hero to O'Phesoy's tho noxt day an' tould tho gang abuto it,' replied Michaol. ' Well,' continued Phelan, ' a Oi tould yoz thin, in the foiglit that tuk placo, the throo av us fell upon Palsy's bull pup, an' I10 gavo up tho ghost widout a struggle. Yisterday Patsy brought homo another bruto av tho samo koind, a brother or ( sister av the wan he lost, Oi boliovo, an' turned it looao in the back yard. Mary Ann called 1110 nttintion to tlio dog whin Oi 1 winfc homo at 110011, but dogs liivor tako to me somehow, au' Oi didn't culti vate his acquaintance. Liishtiioightaftor supper Mary Ann said that sho was-going ovor to yourjiouso for a littlo whoilo' an' axed mo wud Oi go along, but Oi do cloinod, sayin' that Oi had somo wood to saw. Sho loft, an' aflhor Oi had finislmd slnnokin' 1110 poipo, Oi wiiit- out in tho yard afthcr a stick av cord' wood, which Oi intonded to fetch into tho wnorl-slior! Oi had got 110 farther than tho cintor av tho yard whin Oi saw a wlioito strako comin' at 1110, an' Oi jumped asoido jist in toimo to havo it go by widout stroikin' 1110\. Mo moind was mado up in a uiinuto, an' Oi know that unless Oij|cloimcd somo thing inoighty sudden t, Oi wouldn't linvs a wholo pair av panbs ou me body. TI10 dog was botuno 1110 an' tlio woodshed, au' so Oi skinned roight up on top iiv aboard fonco. Now, thero is a brick barn next to tho finco, wid only a space av abulo six inches botuno the two, an' in 1110 hasto to got beyant the roach av the dog, both . 1110 legs got wedged into that space an' there Oi stuck. Oi niver realized bofuro how louosomo Oi could bo widout Mary Ann for company. Oi troiod to coax llio dog bo talking baby talk to him, but I10 wouldn't havo ib that way. Ivory toimo that Oi oponcd.ino mouth I10 opened his too, and let a growl that made tho cold chills crawl up 1110 back. Oi called for help but nobody was round to hear 1110, an' for threo long hours Oi was obliged to vomain in that position. Finally Mary J Ann came homo, an' 011 hearing mo yell, camo out in tho yard. In less toimo than it takos to toll, that bloomiu' pup had Mary Ann treed 011 top av tho wood-pile, ; an' thin I10 sat himself in tho middle av ?tlio yard, an' showed his tooth as though ho was laughing at 11s. Oi looked over at 1110 woifo an' soz Oi. 'Mary Ann, 1110 lovo, nro yo aisy 011 I tho cord wood ?' ' j ' Yo soo Oi wanted to appoar cheer ful.' 1 Am Oi aisy, is it?' soz sho, 'Jisb yo , ; wait till Oi got outen bhis, an' Oi'U' /ill i bhab-dog so full av poison that ho will think ho has stlmick a rough 011 rats' ] .factory.' ? ' Did yo ftx 1110 to wait till yo gob outen * this ? soz Oi in a jockiu' way. ; .'.Oi did,' soz sho, ' an if yo had a bit av pluck abuto yo, yo wud como oil' tho finco an' basto tho pup over the head wid a brick.' ' That is all very noico to say,' soz Oi, ' bub Oi am thab faslit botuno tho finco an! tho barn that Oi can't stir aitlicr tub.' i ' Ab bhis momont Patsy came out to seo pliat was up, an' whin he discovered tlio two av us treed bo the d?g, ho callod Eddio, an' they gavo us tlio laugh. Patsy called off tho dog, an' Maay Ann crawled ; down, but they wore obliged to knock off j threo boards bofuro Oi could gob off of tho ; finco. Oi informed Patsy thab aitlicr tlio dog would have to lavb or Oi wud feed him 011 dynamite, an' oxplodo him bo liittin' liini wid a brick. ? ; 