TRAINING NOTES. FLEMING TON. The rain in the early portion of the week prored Invaluable to the training tracks, and the laying down of a light coating of tan on the inner portion of the sand gallop has placed it in splendid condition. Messrs. H. Teend, 6. G. Cook, Hi] liginbotham, and Morrison have been pooping out very early, but as there is a three weeks' respite before the BaUarat and Mel bourne Bunt dub meetings demand attention, their charges have been restricted to good sound work. Coiumofcionjhaa been walking about on the grass, but it is now a foregone conclusion that he will never again start in a race. Agiaos and The Pencil have been striding along at three quarter pace, both doing well. Bedouin and Citadel are coming on nicely, the former being a very taking colt. Mr. W. £. Dakin has been sending Quintin Mateep long strong work on the outer track. Trent, Design, Mammon, Teuton,'aud Damocles are all doing good work, the Derby colt having furnished into a handsome animal. The Mew Zealanders in the same stable—Tranter, Mana, and .Escutcheon—have been suffering from severe colds, which have thrown them back fully a month in their training; but they are improving fast, and albeit they tnar not be quite ready by the spring meeting, they may be heard of to advantage later on. Tranter's looks quite befit bis aristo cratic lineage. G. EL Bead has been sending Islander along very smartly for distances from eight furlongs and under which he has ac complished in good style in fairish time. His stable companions, Reticent and a Vagabond horse, have been moving along at half-pace. B, Gray has hit tasge contingent in blooming condition, the Soman .antique Baldy plugging along most de terminedly, whilst Mirth, Albatross, Acrobat. Garry even, ana the rest o( the bruiting fraternity snow era dent signs of brink under the care of a past master in his profession. H. Chifney has not been idle with Sing's Son, Don tyiixote, and Margrave; but Lcshia was galloped tm ard out down on the near hind leg *®*®vercly In the Striae Handicap at Moonee Valley last Saturday asioeutall moderate exercise for some g»T* hhthc absence of X..Coffey In Sydney, A. Mttchelsofc. Die head man pi the stables, hat been' smj^teadingthepacliscs of fifcrdius, AHander.and Gfc'JThe-wwonames having beria given somethrbe quarter pace work. 8. Mahon has been ratUinv Dearirye, Wild: Dog, and Bancroft along r thetfare£ oornerad Plausible moving gently round the tan. Mr- M. P, Whttty's Dtek Mevffle.Gksdie,A»d A hrifbroSerto Sk Xaqucelot (by Aryusi Scandal' from Poetess) have tmt iiniuaeful work, Bo has Hevenge, who la stril brink Jppkea Wter by 8. Floyd. . Aristocrat, who has J»|m'siltfil^sinoelKranst the Grand National " ' ut-in au appcaranoe for " oVing very well, **" Jrilewa trio, riffre bebo criled upon 1 Verge to handod, and the others of Wilson's team—'The Fobber, Tyman, Lady Bell, Tabard, Ouerv, and the Lothair-Lucinia filly—have exercised moderately. The DarriwcU- Emily Faithful two-year-old colt in A. Daviess stable is growing into a porfeet beauty, and promises to be even better than , he looks. Naddclina has not been extended as yet. ' Mr. S. Horsfall has two strings again to his bow in St. Michael and Nary Blue, plenty of walking exercise being apportioned them. Cripps Brothers have Duration, Derision, Duffcriu, Shaughraun, Harvester, Ragman, Ambassadress, and the brother to Archie down each morning, hut with the exception that! Duration appears to be more forward than the others there is nothing special to notice in their work. ] CAULFrELD, Tuesday. The near approach of the spring meeting of the V.A.T.C. now makes the doings at Caulficld interesting. This morning was bois terous and cold, and trainers are sadly in need of more protection for their horses. A range of scraping sheds on the top of the hill, and also at the . entrance-gate, would bo greatly appreciated by ! the trainers, and more so durine the spring months, I in the cold westerly gales which we are acous- I touted to at this period. In fact the morning was j so boisterous that several trainers did not exer- I cise until late in the day. The ranger opened the outer portion of the' running track, which w as a hit holding through the heavy rain on Monday evening, nevertheless capital going, and some useful exercise was being done by several of the horses. Kelly was first "on the track, and he sent Ben Bolt a nice*striding gallop over a mile and a half, Chuckster and Lando joining him at intervaia Kelly has a team of 14 borscs at work. Jones was on the track with Bohemian and New York, both horses looking well, and tbey ran a useful gallop once round the ground. Goodwood was on the tan, and Mia Mia was doing preparatory exercise. Foulsham treated the Cup horse Silrermiae, who looks in great heart, tosoiue strong exercise over a mile and a half, Bonnie Doon accompanying him the first portion, and The Chanter joining him in the latter. Mr. TV. Moran had Little ! John working in company with Jim Caiu and King I of the West, the fatter dropping out after going a strong pace about a mile; the former pair kept going, and they executed a good working gallop over | the Cup distance. M. Doyle was doing exercise with Clarendon, St Albert, and Youug Horatio. Bence had Albanus, Footman, Cadland, Berkeley, aud two or three others at work. Mr. Joseph Harper was cantering his two year olds. Carnival, Nectarine, and Julian Grey. King did some long useful work with Union, who will, in all likelihood, leave for Sydney in a few daya Mr. S. Grim wood was doing some strongish half- pace work on the tan with Wall Eye, who promises not to disgrace bis Eire, Argus Scandal, and the filly Falka was cantering, and joined Wall Eye in the last couple of furlongs for a sharp run. M. Moran was doing exercise with a string of half a dozen. Kiel Camp bell, who is in charge of Mr. Talbot's horses, exer cised Highland Chief, who was looking healthy and well; Blondin, Agnes, and the two-year-old Lord Allen, by K&poleoD; from Talkative. They were fol lowed by Camerine, who strode along for some capital exercise. Others of Mr. Davis's were on the tracks. F. Leng was cantering Alexandra, the balance of his horses working in the afternoon, viz., Preston, Cestus, a Conrad horse, and Isabel. Mr. J. Leek was exercising a team of seven, Beck wit!! and Jocular working in company, as also did Kenneth and St Paul, who went a useful gallop once round the running track. The former colt, who has gtown and improved during the winter months, seemed a bit nervous, and sweated rather freely. ' Master John and Dargin were on the tracks. Mr. Beid's team brought matters to a close for the morn ing with The Ghost, Grace Darling, Midstream, Em press, Gadfly, Crane, and Hot IroD, but they were only doing moderate pace exercise. Messrs. Couolly's, Hatty's, and several others were out in the after noon. 