THE DISTRESS IN ENGLAND. If the ghost of the Christmas of the present day (says the New York limes' correspondent of 26th December) could have taken Columbia over the expanse of the Old World last night, she would have realised as never before the full measure of her own miraculous blessed condition amongst the nations of the earth. Here in Europe one’s heart aches at the abounding misery which the season’s affected merriment illumi nates. The suffering among the poor of London, which is always great, is now said to he unprecedented, and the usual efforts at a Christmas alleviation seem to have been paralysed by the immensity of the task, for com paratively little organised charity has been reported. Any day during ibe past fortnight one could see thousands of faint and ragged wretches prowling out side the wharves, each ready to fight the other in order to be one of a score who were admitted to a day's work for 10 cents if a ship happened to come in. Everywhere business is re ported to be worse than it. was a year ago. It is said that not a single Christ mas publication has yielded a profit. At the London docks less than one-half the quantity of wine has been taken out of bond that was taken out last year. More tangible luxuries suffer in the same way. When it was stated a year ago that the British ship build ing industries were off half a million tons, it seemed that the worst showing had passed ; but the report now is likely to show another diminution, and one nearly-, as great. This is a stun pie of till industries, while the farmers’ prices have reached a starvation point And yet the cost of the necessaries of life is greater than it was then, owing to the grievous condition of the middlemen, whom the long credit system forces to plunder cash purchasers. While the price of cattle is almost halved, butchers’ meat is as high as ever, and the Kent farmers are combining to do their own killing in order to get rid of the butcher altogether. The budget, too, will show a large decrease in receipts despite the increased taxation. Four hundred steel targets arc being made at the Hock Island Armory. They are made to represent a soldier in three positions, and are covered with cloth (uniformed). In practice they will be placed in squads, platoons, companies, and various other forms in which soldiers move in an engagement. T- e practice will commence at a range of 250 to 300 yards, and be gradually increased to long distances. Work in Russian fabrics factories is by anew law forbidden between S o’clock at night and 5 in the morning. It is not cut of regard for the employes, but with a view to lessening over production that this has been none. 