old time theatricals. (Continued) On New Year's day, 1844, the Theatre Royal .was again opened. The following are copies of two of the " bills of the play " of the, period : — THEATRE ROYAL, MELBOURNE This Evening, Saturday, January 20, 1844. will bepresented the favourite drama, - entitled MICHAEL ERLE, THE MANIAC . LOVER or The Fair Las3 oy Lichfield MiohaeiErio . .. Mr. Knowles Gilliflower .. „ Mr. Capper Mary .. . . .. . .. Mrs. Knowles To conclude with a dramatic version of Mr. Charles Dickens' story of NICHOLAS NICKLEBY Nloholaa Niokleby .. Mr.' Alexander Ralph Nlckleby. .. .. Mr. Oappvr Squeers .. .. Mr. Knowlw John Broirdle - ,N .. . Mr. Winter Newman Nogg» ... Mr. Miller Smike .. .. - .. Mrg. Knowles Other characters by the company. Doors open at six, performances com mence at seven o'clock precisely. PRICES A3 USUAL. ROYAL' VICTORIA THEATRE. MELBOURNE. Immense Attraction. . ' First-Night of a Drama of Intense Interest. The Two Faroes at Half Price. " This Monday Evening, Feb. 12, 1844. Will be presented for the first time in the colonies, a musical drama of great popularity, entitled LOVE'S DREAM or Virtue Triumphant To be succeeded by the highly laugh able farce of WHY D I D Y OU DIE! To oonclude with the highly popular petite comedy in_onc act of THE R I V A L ' PA G E S Characters by the company Prices of admission Boxes, : Four shillings, half price, Two shillings; Pit, Two shillings, half price; One shilling; Gallery, One shilling, No half price. Doors will open at six o'clock; curtain will rise punctually at seven. The reign of, Mr.! and Mrs. Knowles! having come to an end, a change of. management was 'intimated ' in the' following notice, .which was placed throughout the city s — . ! ; ' THEATREROYAL, MELBOURNE. The ladies and gentlemen "of . Mel- bovirne, its. vicinity, and the public . generally, are most respectfully in- - formed that the theatre having under gone; a thorough- repair ' in all .'its! branches, . / . , Has. Opened for the Season. .v . It' is contidently expected that 'the' . improye.ments and alterations that- . have been effected at considerable " expense, will meet' with the 'support and patronage of a . generous pubiio., Great care will be talten to produce sterling iiieces of the best authors, and novelties will follow each other in rapid succession. Fdr the purpose of ; peace, ,;order and regularity, there are , a f ew rules established, and it is most . respectfully announced to the patrons of. the theatre that they will be strictly adhered to and enforced. Smoking on no aecount in any part of the house to be tolerated, . and it is supposed and to be hoped that the good sense of tlie audience will tie .sufficient to prevent , a repetition of that anuoyauce which \ has hitherto been the subject of coin- plaint by every respectable person . visiting the theatre. First appearance this : season of Mr7 KNOWLES. ; First time in. the colony of the cele- , bratied drama entitled \ 'THE HEART OF MIDLOTHIAN Tins .(Thursday) Evening, August 15, 1S44. . "Will be pi'oduccd for the firstr'tiine in this province — 'Dibdih Pitt's' celebra ted drama, taken from the work of Sir Walter Scott, and entitled THE HEART OF MIDLOTHIAN or The Lily of St. Leonard's John, Duke of Argyla ..... Mr. Alexander Staunton (Geordle Robertson) Mr. Batters David Dcnns .. - Mr. Capper Laird O'Dumbcedj kes - .. Mr. Cameron Reuben Butler .. .. Mr. Wray Saddletree .1 .. Mr. Davies Ratellfla .. .. .. Mr. Mcllillnn Black Frank .. .. Mr. Burgin Sliarpitlaw ... .. .. Mr. Miller Margery Hnrdoohaoa ... ' Mr. Searle Queen of England .. Mrs. Riohards EOle Deans .. „ Mrs, Murray Jennie Deuns. ... " Mrs. Cameron Mrs. Glass „ Mrs/Grove Madge Wildfire ,. Mrs. Knowles Mrs. Balcbristie . . Mrs. Grove After which the favourite song and chorus from " Jack Sheppard," called NIX MY DOLLY PALS To conclude with the popular melo drama/entitled A HUSBAND AT SIGHT Characters by the company, ijg?" This Theatre will be opened ( until further notice) on the evenings of Mon day, Thursday, and Saturday. The doors will be openedat half past six o'clock, and the curtain will rise at seven. Admission— Boxes, 4s. half price, 2s. Pit, 2s. half price; -Is. Gallery, la. no half price. - Half price to Boxes and Pit will commence at nine o'clock. The orchestra will be under the direction of Mr. Richards. - The new act drop,' proscenium . and scenery have been painted by Mr. LigHtfoot, and the interior of the house by Mr. Miller. Special Notice — A few season tickets, have been prepared, appli cations for which are to he made to Mr. Cameron' as early as. possible. The season which op'ened so prom ising on the! 12th of .August, 1844, was not a propitious one, and soon came to an end. The Port Phillip Herald, Tuesday, Sept. 10, 1844, thus. alludes to the fact : — " The Theatre — We regret- to state that this place of ' amusement- is again falling into dis repute, through mismanagement, and the bad conduct of one of this actresses, who frequently appears on the stage Mri a state of intoxication. ' On Satur day last no performance took place, in consequence of the Leader of the ; Band, refusing.to go into the orchestra ' until his salary was paid him. As the " Ghost " did not walk — the Leader did off home. (To be continued. ) W.H.W. . At the age ! of : ; eighty -seven ! the iyet'eran dramatist Mr; J,- A. Herand is about to publish what he announces will bo his: last poem; entitled, " The Sibyl Among the Tombs." Many " years'-- ago, he produced a- striking composition with a strange title; which will long be remembered in con nection with one of .-the most caustic repartees .which Douglas; Jerrold ever uttered.- " Have you seen my 4 Des cent into Hell?"' asked the poet, a _ few d.ays after its publication,- " No," . > growled'the wit, '' But I should very .much: like to." ... . . . # . . .» .# - » » .Mr. Deane Brand and Miss. Kate Chard, both well known in the colon ies, have been engaged by Augustus- Harris for the production of a new and original comic opera by Herv6" at Druvy Lane, next Autumn. . ' 