??;;?.;..,;.. ,,;:: :.:;? .... . — ^— — : — — ? — — — — ? : — — — — ? : -idi :iv^-v ?) (from ottr correspondent.) ?????? ? ?-'/ ' of.;;. -.': o Dublin, Thursday night, Aug.' 26th, 1886;' '' '-'This! inornihg; I received a copy of your issue of '. July lObh, containing a letter from me bearing -4ate= May 20th. ; That is just three months ago, and glancing over it I am amazed at all that has \- -happened withiix such a short space of time. Then, we were living, in the hope that Mr. . Glad- ' stone's Bill would pull through a second reading. ;t;Npw, behold that, Bill defunct (in letter, but not . -?in spirit : ! ) ; Mr . - , Gladstone ; out of office, '; and on -his way1 to spend- a holiday iri Bavaria ; Lord' .'?' Salisbury and [*:' young Churchill' acting as ' ;Captain and First Mate . of the Tory ; barque'; .''jthe Irish delegates— Messrs. O'Brien and Red mond,, .M.P.j and Deasy^M-P.'— on their return ????* journey from the great Chicago Convention; and ''Prince Alexander of Bulgaria deposed through the '; Instrumentality of Russia. Who could have, fore-, . iitpld; such a future .three; months ago?-: For; the nonce we seem to have set politics: aside as a-trifle 11 wearying, and so far as the ^metropolis '; goes, ,'. ;we have plunged into distractions ; of , all kinds. b -Qn the common . level 'of publiciatnusement; ; th'e ?North: and South have' met together in- Dublin , '-? arid within the enclosure ? of. 'the world-famed , i^Horse Show at Ball's, Bridge a large proportion 3, of the whole of middlerclasSfilreiandrmight.have been inspected yesterday arid .to-day..; /Evenah' 'out-of-the-way rural districts- the tone pf -thought ' ;' appears to be turned, away frbin; the s:, question^ of ,-, pur Legislative Independence. r There is ? a pause ; in agitation, — a kind of halt. But only apause, only a halt — neither despair or death ! We are ? taking the long breath necessary ; to a . great . .effort — poising motionless before we swoop.,. But -though our people are resting, and; -we hear that '?the League is half paralyzed; jet, be sure there is no idleness in our midst;— be sur6 thatMr.'Par nell is quietly drawing up his forces tor a winter ' of warfare, and that great events will ?be. brought J about for Ireland's advantage before- the world, -is much older. This is rather an, iri'd'efiniteway, '^however, of putting yoii aucourant* , I, shall give you facts and figures to make, my general :state- :.ments more intelligible,, and,- perietratirig: -the '- ^smooth, glossy surface of the sea' pf' events; I shall put you into touen''''with;1somypiJ't6e'iuii3eri-; currents which mean the formation. of5 new, forces and the disintegration of old; n \t!vA?;-:\ '-v^i \ t: The Marquis of Londonderry makes ;his- State 'entry as Lord Lieutenant on or aborit the llth'.of September. He comes with all pomp arid cere mony as the representative ? of the' Queen; 'like-, wise as the nominee of the Administration : which has pledged itself to oppose the re- establistiment : of the independence of the Irish ? Parliament. Therefore, the Viceroy comes not as a ' welcome ; guest. There i3 talk in the., wirid that he shduld avoid the sight of the Old House ?sit Honie thej day of his arrival — that he should ;Studi6usly steer clear of reviving memories of the ' carotidartery l 'cutting Castle reagh' to whom Byron alluded as '—'a wretch never named but with curses' arid ? -jeers.' We cannot f oiget that it wa's'ari ancestor of '(- his who robbed us of our birthright'and ruined bur .aristocracy by bribery, fraud, andcorruptiori; that ' it was the same ancestor who introduced two bills :? for the restoration of the Insurrection* 'Act and j the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act when Lord Wellesley was Lord Lieutenant, and whose coffin was greeted with hoots, and howls, and yells as it was carried from the hearse to West minster Abbey. The brother of this 'hero1' 'it was who succeeded him and whose adherence to the Tory party nearly destroyed it. He wrote a book describing- the Czar Nicholas as the gentlest and sweetest of men, specially in his behaviour towards the Poles ; he loved the black sheep of Spanish and Portuguese politics, and he was always pressing for remuneration for services never performed. His appointment as ambassador '?at St. Petersburg shook the foundations of the Peel-Wellington Ministry and helped materially , ? to bring .about its actual defeat. Later on, .when Reform was stirring the hearts of the young Queen's subjects, the Marquis and Marchioness of Londonderry did all in their power to counter act the influence of the Earl of Durham, an . ardent reformer, by writing to their Durham tenantry in this guise: — 'We assure all 'those ' who answer to the solemn appeal that we make;to them — who step forward with heart and soul in .the Conservative cause to rescue the' country from Radical domination— that the sense of -the obligation to us personally will be for ever regis tered in our memories ; and that the ..-gratitude of ourselves and our family to those' who' lire ?: around m a©4 oft-ow property;, ^ill^be in prbppr .'?'.. . ?. . :?.?','?'' ' -.v'Ci'.V ,;::i*^ -\':?Vj; 'J.U ' I!:'!.'.'!.'-!'..'*) !? ;tion..-to..this important -;vdemand;we., make upon ;0em:tO'P^o^e^heir;fidelity , arid,,their; ?attachment to' pur sentiments and cp'nfidence in our opinions; We send these ' our ' recommendations tp.our.esr teemed, f riend/the Hbn^ candidate),':' to make 'every use of thern he shall think/fit ; and \ye. have .begged him, especially to rtport to us those who answer zealously to pur call, arid those who are. unmindful. of our earnest wishes.'— Bribery and intimidation must surely run in the bipod ! Will, the' great-nephew of Union-Castlereagh, be, free from all hereditary taint ? ? At the late 'Convention in Chicago' one, pf the accusations ' lodged ' against the ; Tory Govern vnent— and lodged, too, by a leading and most popular Nationalist— was— -' And they have sent us a Castlereagh as Lord Lieutenant,' The action of; the Irish Parliamentary party .in, re ference to the Irish policy of the Goyernment, does not strengthen the policy that, a nobleman with such an inheritance— no matter now respected and admired he may be personally ,— no matter how beautiful arid winning his. wife may be— will be popularly welcomed by the citizens .of:the capital of the country which his great uncle .'ruined. ''.''. '..,'''' .'.:.-.' .? ?. - : . ,. . ??. .. .. i ' Another arrival riot likely , tp.be productive of . rnuch. good to us is that of General Sir Redvers Buller as special police, arid military commander in the; West and Smith- west of Ireland. He is to be accountable to no man over here save the Chief Secretary— Sir Michael Hicks-Beach— and his head- quarters, are to be in Kerry* His appoint ment on the . Belfast Riots Commission— along with the Chief : Constable of Lanarkshire !— has set people speculating on the why and the where fore ; arid the speculations amount to a fairly firm conviction that the selection of Sir Redvers Bul ler for dealing with Irish disorder is the first step towards placing the whole island tinder martial law. This state of affairs looks very like a bad winter. Evictions are going on briskly in many distressed .districts, particularly in Gal way ; and the FBEEMANof this morning says something not unlike-—' Woe betide the people if they, show any siffn of preferring their homes and their altars, with' the free air of their' native hills! to manacles 'and Manitoba!' Meanwhile the riots are worse than ever rip in the North— the police and the : property of the Catholics being still the favourite objects of attack. An attempt was made last night to re- establish the police on the Shankhill-road ' under military supervision. ' About fifty police men had advanced about 200 yards above the bar racks situated at the lower end of the road, when a mob attacked them with stones iri so furious a manner that they were compelled to retreat after , some ineffectual charges. Military arid police \- reirif prcemerits, however, arrived .^shortly after wards arid drove the rioters about! half a mile up the road/ Somethirig must be done; evideritly, to put a stop to such ' lawlessness. But, alas ! the rightthirigf is riot 'likely to be 'tried'; :for the gene ral opinion now is that the; Goverrimerit: really means martial law;. and coercion of all kinds, arid that in November Parliament will be again sitting discussing these matters. ; Who-— rcan you guess ? ?77-is, .spoken of as one;. of the supporters of the ; Government : in the event; of; coecipn- being pro posed— -Chamberlain ! ... They say iri London that he , has, two aims .before him, and that no power will avail in swer /ing, him. away froni them : they are ;tp; keep. Mr. -Gladstone out of office; and to trample on our national i aspirations.; , Whether .this be; true; or .not, it. matters .little; since Sir Michael Hicks-Beach has made, up: his mind that evictions : are to prosper ; ; ?. that the brigade of bailiffs and understrappers ;who wield the crowbar in the wprk of ilevelling ; are tobeprotected and assisted; the rights of property are. to be exacted to , the ^uttermost, though ;the .duties are still to remain dormant and unfulfilled. : But the Irish Party \ are observant, and; this thin edge introduc tion ;of autonomy, will not be allowed to pass un challenged- in Parliament.: To-night Mr. E. R. Russell (of, the Li 7erpool Daily Post) will call the, attention: of the House to the appointment of .the, gallant .Major-General as well as to the nature of the extraordinary powers; with which he has been invested without the assent of her.Majesty's faithful Commons. Arid so we are likely to have spmething, interesting preliminary; to the Buller , invasion. ? of Ireland. ..? To.-morro w he takes posses sion ; of the Viceregal Lodge. , ., -,-; ?;?-. .;., After,, all, this scene may, be only: the embodi ment of some; pi ; the ghosts ; that have floated across to England from the Grand. Convention in Chicago., .These preparations may be a species of official ;response, to the able speeches of Davitt, O'Brien, J. Redmond, and? Deasy^ General Bul (ler and the additional regiments at the Curragh may be as a ' demonstration' to the brave Irish in America, whose 1500 delegates assembled in the Lake City: and pledged themselves to boycott English . goods, and to support ? Parnell, and who enthusiastically honoured the Grand Old Man. , Last year they sent ; .£62,000 to their chief, and probably.: their; resolution . to. act with similar generosity in jjthejpresent and : future may con ivincethe. Goyernment. of the futility of endea vouring to rule the country even with soldiers ,under Major- General Buller, against the wishes of the immense Irish race throughout the globe — ;wi8hes which. amount to a determination — to back ..'up the land, of their birth. The proceedings at , Chicago ? created. . the deepest interest here at home j and the. special telegrams were sought after, with much anxiety . Everyone is loud in praise of the manner in which the men from Ire land acquitted themselves during the Convention, great gratitude being due to Mr. Davitt for his tact and to Mr. William O'Brien for his captiva ting oratory ; ;while the presentation of a service of plate to Mr. P. Egan is considered as a happy conclusion to the important gathering of the Irish American, class. You are likely to ask now, if not before 'now,' what does the Irish Chief think of the situation ? Well, from his place in the Imperial Parliament he has proclaimed — in moving an amendment to the 'Queen's Speech Address — that there is no alternative policy for this country as far as Eng lish; legislation' ? is concerned. Fearlessly and bravely ;didhe-tellthe:Tory Ministry on Tuesday night that. Ireland wants but one measure to ;secure.her contentment and prosperity, to keep .her people at : home, to develop her vast and valuable resources and render her inhabitants happy and industrious, and that ' one measure ' is— -need I tell you?— -the independence of her Parliament ! No other measure emanating; from the genius of Brijtiish; statesmanship, noother policy discovered arid forinuiated^ by a Cabinet of ^Eng^sh. ;;^ the Irish ;, people .so long,, as:j'.tl^ey!.;,.are'..p5oj hibited ,bj ;'| English ^statutes .?£ rpm 'making thp^laws liy wKich -itliQy ; and , their ; f eiipw-cpuntry men , are governed. .Speciai comcqissipneirs arid ^f pya.1 ''''cp.mr missioners may. be iristituted and may report, and their reports may. be taken into consideration . ; and the ^^ several sets, pf cpmmissipriers, may recommend the entire arid 'utter extinction of , landlordisrn, and they may recbrnixiend that Imperial funds be scattered broadcast on the erection : of fishery piers and harbours of refuge and such like most necessary public woiks'..' But, if they give .us not the righ t to makerpur , own laws, if they still re fuse to allow: us to. govern /ourselves, their com missioners arid their recommendations will be abortive. This was. the tone and matter 'jpf Mr. Parriell's latest niariifestp as regards the. l«^nevo lent intentions of , the Tory party, arid especially the .Ministry, towards Ireland. . r ; ,,'?,.?- ,..;.;!- ; ?? On the part of the inhabitants pf .Ireland Mr. Parnell repudiated, and laughed at, all such tinkering, arid he V,- warned .the, , Government and the,,. Parliament- that, Ireland's 'ultima tum had' been presented,, and advocated and qualified . by no. less a personage than Mr. Gladstone /himself ; and from .it. there was no receding, arid .with it- thereVjvouid be, rip comprd mise^, no tampering. . : Its realization .might, be delayed or ?postppned, but it willneuer be aban doned, arid, the Irish party .will, lose no 'oppor tunity, in season, or out of season,, of pressing it forward. 5-his open avowal coming from the leader of the irish..Parliamentary Party at once created a lively discussiori, in which L.Mr. Gladstone took part, arid which wa3 continued by several of the , Irish party with their usual capacity. The entire case of Ireland has thus, been r.e-stated, and the weakness. of the promised Ministerial legisla tion fully expressed arid adequately denounced. Though it is .understood that Mr. Purnell will not press the amendment to a division, yet thes House is sure to hear something more of Ireland ?'before ' the Irish members will allow the discussiori to be closed. They, are deterriiiried . that the country ' must learn something about the scandalous riots in Belfast and the cruel evictions in the, south and west. Thus will the 'good fight be stiU'cbritiriued, and thus must it, eventuate in complete success— probably much sooner than many intelligent and eminent Irishmen anticipate. 'Ireland's opportunity' may arise at any moment. In such an empire as Great Britain,, so vast in its expanse and so various in its interests and necessities, so heterogeneous in-, its'. constituent parts, harmonious working is difficult to establish, and when established most difficult to preserve. Even outside the Empire there is a kind of perpetual danger, a kind of volcanic sur roundirig very liable to eruptions. A cloud which to-day may appear scudding along the horizon, and ' no bigger than a man's hand,'. may, ere to-morrow, develop into a fierce and destructive storm and become an earthquake of magnitude, threatening the annihilation, of many na tionalities. A few days ago it was all. peace in the East; to-day we have the Queen tele graphing for news of her youngest daughter's brother-in-law — Prince Alexander of Bulgaria ! Political wise men predict great,, trouble, with Russia before long, and the 'big/ ones of Europe' are struck with consternatipn at the suddenness of the appearance ,,pf.( a ;new 'Eastern question,' and the circumstaric.es of its origin. Here at home we are counselled to .possess our souls in patience and to watch the game which Russia means to play, for even the grizzly bear might help a victim to escape from the claws of the ravenous lion. Latest telegrams. to-night in form us that Prince Alexander has telegraphed to his father and some of the European Courts that he is safe and free and on his way to Darmstadt. From another source we learn that he will, not continue his journey when he hears of the. counter revolution which has taken place in his favour, but will return to Sofia to restore confidence and tranquillity. A wire from Vienna announces that the Russian Black Sea fleet has been ordered to make ready for sea, and that several Russian navigation companies have been ordered to equip part of their fleet as transports for convey ance of troops. Notwithstanding the panic in commercial circles the Standard of to-day declares that whether Prince Alexander should return or not, ' nothing will alter, the fact that the impudent ond infamous plot devised by the agents of Russia has ignominiously , and even ludicrously collapsed.' While on the subject of telegrams I may as well inform you we have just heard that Mr. James Beecher — brother of , the Rev. Henry Ward Beecher — committed, suicide to-day at Elmira, New York ; — that Sir Charles Dilke has cut off his beard and looks a fright;, that the cricket match between Cambridge, and Australia ended in a draw ; and that .the English, polo team won the first game in America. ; ; . -i : , If this week we are absorbed with horse' show attractions — including the English opera iri the Gaiety Flower Show, and excursions to'1 and, from every part of the country — last week we were given over to the entertainment of our In-. dian and Colonial visitors. ?.:?.-? ?'] Nothing could exceed the hospitality extendejl to them during their stay here, and before' leav- ing they publicly expressed themselves delighted ! with the reception which was accorded them; At the Lady Mayoress's ball they .were the' centre' of attraction, and the centre of the centre were the Parsees with their keen, intelligent look and a charming Eastern belle who appeared in the flowing white costume of the land of the sun. — Within a short space of time a large number of land purchases have been effected under Lord Ashbourno's Act. The Most Rev. Dr. Walsh, our own Archbishop, has disposed 01 a small property he held at about twenty years' purchase. And Dr. Finegan, Bishop of Kilmore, also completed sales with some of his tenantry. — In New Ross the other day a very remarkable demonstration was witnessed. Some 50 persons, headed by the priests of the parish, and accompanied by thou sands of their fellow-labourers, formed a proces sion and marched from the homes from which they had been evicted for non-payment of rent to the ' workhouse. The Marquis of Ely is the landlord of the holdings. — No less than nine constabulary men have been committed by coroners' juries in Belfast on charges of wilful murder during the riots. They were imprisoned for a few days, but are now out on bail.— To-morrow there will issue from the Press a new book by Mr. Gladstone.— ' The Irish Question : I. The history of an idea. ?II. Lessons on the election.' At first it will fetch 2s a copy, but a-fourpenny edition is expected next week,-rNothipg more remains to be told save thaji the, weather is hot and wet, and thatconsequently, farniers '- ' and; 'agriculturists, ; are, ;mpariing,; arid groaning p^er the !..ib'ad;fanid\'sadjpt9speots;o0i--jib'e harvest, f*^';,;, ,;,.;, ;:,„,, :,j ;,.,?,, jrCr'f'^.^-./.orm.w . . 