WHAT HAS TRADES UNIONISM ACCOMPLISHED? The rich are tolerated only that they may assist the vooT.—Bcssuet. Some of ita think we see the dawnine -of a'Cbrls tian socialism, when the strong in brain and heavy ld purse snail neea no goaaing to inaace tuem 10 share their superior endowments witb their weaker, brethren.— L. Stanley Little. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— The first sentence looks like a pro phecy when we reflect that a hundred yean after it waa uttered the rich, no longer tole rated, were removed by exile or death ia the great French Revolution, and the lands they held were subdivided by Bonaparte among the progenitors of the 6,000,000 peasant pro prietors of France who now occupy them, and who hold in their hands the political fate of their country. How long the dawn Mr. Little, who wrote recently, and his party expect will precede the anticipated day who can tell? At any rate Trades Unionism is ready to ply with some discretion the goad to make the surrender, even if voluntary, a little more prompt. Up to the year 1825 combination among working men to influence any advance of wageB was punished as a crime by English law. In that year Joseph Hume found the British House of Commons willing to repeal these penal restrictions on the liberty of workmen to protect themaelyeB again8t the devices of capital. The following year the Tory Minister HuakUson im plored the Parliament to reconsider what they had done and retrace their steps, but without avail. The liberty gained mechanics, artisans, and factory hands set about turning to good account. Just before this time Dr. Biikbeck had given the first impulse toIMechanics' Institutes, so that fortunately opportunity for the acquisition of the knowledge how to act as well as the power to do bo was placed within reach of the working men at the same time. The history of the conflicts between employers and employed has now been extended over two generations. The results of strikes and lockouts — like the scarcely more disastrous strife of war— have shown that 'the game is scarcely worth the candle.' and now the threefold lines for .diplomacy leading to the peaceful settlement of disputes have been inaugurated, viz., arbitration and concilia tion, co-operation, and profit- sharing. But it was more than forty years after it was made lawful for labour to organize that it might take care of its own rights before the tillers of the soil gained any direct benefit from the measure. It is true their numbers were thirned by farm labourers going to the manu facturing towns where the drudgery was less, the wages higher, and they could escape the hated eve of the taskmasters, the squire and uie uj£ iieuiuiiriaruitr. .oeyuuu biua t»u van- tage of reduced numbers the farm labourers that remained in the rural parishes toiled for % bare pittance, with the prospect of the Union workhouse, where, separated husband from wife, they might exist till death kindly released them into rest. So things re mained. If ever the saying of Virgil was applicable to human kind it might be 3aid of the farm labourers sic voa non vobis— you work but not for yourselves. At length Joseph Arch appeared on the field, and, to the dismay of the Boeotian farmers, it waB found that there was enough dormant spirit left in the long-downtrodden labourers to combine like their fellow-workers in the towns had been doing so many years. But the struggle was terrific, for the ghosts of the labourers exiled to the United States and the British colonists unwittingly united with the home- dwelling farm labourers to avenge themselves on their oppressors, the landlords and their large-holding tenant farmers. From abroad have come wheat, and wool, and meat, the latter first alive and now dead, till landlords and tenant farmers are at their wits' end and England is on the eve of a great revolution, like that effected in France by Bonaparte. The land will have to be sub divided, not, it is to be hoped, by violence, as in France and in Austria, but as in Germany in 1810 by the wise councils of the rulers, who, in this country, are the people themselves. Thia movement is checked for the moment by the turmoil about Ireland, bhe troubles of which have been brought about in great part by the same insane spirit of land monopoly that is now so rampant in this colony. It is to be hoped that South Australians returning from the Exhibition (Mr. Strangways among them) will show that they have rightly interpreted the earth tremor that is now jeopardizing the stability of British institutions. It is just possible that eome of them will not yet have dis covered, what a speaker in England not long ago deplored, 'That the ac cursed pauperism' of England is eating out the heart's core of the people. Doubtless some of these home-made victims of a clamor ous kind of despair have already reached our Bhores, and we are in a fair way of manu facturing a good many more. It was to have been hoped that the Trades Unions in these colonies, especially when assembled in Congress, would have had some 'bowels' for their fellow-workmen of every degree, however reduced in circumstances they might have become. Australia appears to be at least twelve or fifteen years behind Great Britain in its organization of country labour, and thia is more remarkable because here we have vastly more of the supply of the raw material— land— upon which to work. This Congress, it is true, did somewhat anxiously enquire what shall we do with our boys, meaning, as it appears, their own children, not troubling themselves to enquire what remedy was to be had for the terrible production of so many larrikins and paupers growing ud aiound us. I would say to the Trades Unions — 'Your representatives in Congress have been hobnobbing and cracking compliments, bnt have you nothing to propose to cure this alarming state of affairs ? Have you no spark of the nobility of that warrior who said he would even, when away from the army, endure the roughness of campaign life till the warfare was ended ? The surplus population of our cities and towns must be brought up under healthier conditions morally and physically than at present. Working men muBt help working men of every grade. Any man whoBe eye is not blinded by selfishness or obscured by prejudice ought to see that to provide work for all by any union of trades without having accesB to the land is a delusion and a snare. In England, with the markets of the world open to her industry and enterprise, trades and manufactures can not maintain all her people. With our limited markets, however protected from outside competition they may be, we shall soon have the craven cry learned from Malthns, that father of eleven children preaching, ' Do as I tell you and not as I do,' and deploring the proper increase of the population. Trades Unions, as at present con stituted, are made up of middlemen only, and have to learn that, if they would effec tually help themselves, they muBt join in demanding that the land shall be effectually thrown open to every worker who wishes to have enough of it either for the support of his family or as a stand-by when out of work. The Scotch Crofters Bill in troduced into the Parliament of this year by the Marquis of Stafford and Mr. Macphersan proposed that an authority similar to that in our Shire Councils Bill shall make loans to crofterB, to be repaid in forty-nine annual instalments ; and. as vou remarked in the ntgnur ana journal, or May 10 last, 'we are not merely spectators nf the industrial conflicts of the world— and what is going on elsewhere may warn us againat trusting to any artificial remedies aB a cure for the evils that are in our midst.' Henry Laboueoere sajB— ' The tiller must have hia few acres, there must be fixity of tenure, and a graduated tax must be levied, dependent op the number of acres belonging to each indi vidual.' The farmers of England are re ported to have said that they do not wish to have labourers located on an allotment of land, because it makes them ' too indepen dent.' But many of these selfsame farmers are now bo. impecunious that they will have to betake themselves to a few acres to till with their own hands. The testimony from many quarters in the old country is that such men contrive to hold their own while the large farmers have to give up in despair. That Trades Unionists may have a pleasant picture to rt flf ct upon I give a statement made by the Government United States Inspector of Itdian reservationB. Speaking of the Chero ite Isdiane, of « bom there are 70D,C0Q-t wice u many as of us unfortunate whites in South Australia— he says—' There is not a pauper »3B0Dg them and only one lunatic; they spend one-half of their taxeain education. Wherever thirteen ohildren can be gathered together they have a cbmtoetent teacher appointed. The have two Colleges, noble buildings, one for each sex.' Even a Chinese Emperor could impress upon bis nobles* not to take up too much land for themselves, because it was from the land the people have to raise their food, and the 1,300,000 Bquaie miles of that empire sustain a popula tion of some 800,000,000, or about 250 per sons to the Bauare mile. Did our friends of the Trades Union Congress never hear the song of the American countryman's wife?— Oh ! give me the root and the luscious fruit My own hands reared for food ; And the btead so light and the honey white. And the milk so puts and good, For sweet the bread of labour is When the heart is strong and true. And blessings wfll come to the hearth and bome If our best we bravely do. I remember tbat a while ago some misguided tradesman took alarm at tne Working Men's Holdings Bill because he thought it suggestive of outdoor work for his wife. 1 hole that Bince then no worse trouble' has befallen his family than that his wife should have to lift food to pigs or poultry, or gather fruit, or milk a cow, or make butter, or even [die a day's supply from the potato patch. The other day sitting in the Government land saleroom a fine hale working man, who was there to take a block of 19 acres* told me that hia wife was a capital maker of butter, and he added. ' Don't let her hear any one speak against the homestead blocks ByBtem.' But because the Trades Congresa did nothing to aid their fellow working men outside of their own charmed circles it must not be supposed that they did nothing to advance the' causa of the poor and the struggling. They showed the oligarchies of one grade and another that other classes than their own can combine and flourish osten tatiously the whip of political power and class distinction. The Congress pointed out to other portions of the oommnmty now weak that by uniting their scattered forces they too may become politically strong, when their rights will have a better chance of being respected. The CongreBS has spoken for pay ment of members that they may have direct representation of their own viewB in Parlia ment. Thia advantage cannot be confined to TradeB Unions. They showed some apprecia tion of the doctrine that concessions mast not be at all on one side, for both parties are liable to make mistakes. And another great advantage of Trades Unionism may be Btated in the words of the late Lord John Russell, who said long ago of Sunday cchool Committees and management— 'In these institutions people learn the power of administrative ability.' Thus, although for the moment they have miBaed a grand opportunity of benefiting themselves by speaking for the advancement of their brethren the proletariat and for the good of all parties, by urging upon the country the importance of fostering the settlement of working men on the homestead blocks, they have made a show of their power which cannot be disregarded. A word to the wise. A sneer is often an unwitting acknowledgment of want of capacity to com prehend the bearing of the subject under con sideration. I am, Sir, &C-; &. W. COTION. '? 