SCRATCHING^ IN THE CITY. tby A Pencis.i That every line which written here may he Go to its mark straight and unerringly; That every laugh be clean and fairly bought; That condemnation never go unsought; That, out or thrust or lend approving oheer, Aim. may be honest, thought and purpose clear. It is written that journalists and doctors are the most free-living and high- flying folks in the oommunity; and that statement often finds a warrant. But there are brilliant ex ceptions. When a journalist is good he is good, and there's no mistake about it. Iiook at "William Lloyd Garrison, of the States; loot at W. T. Stead, of England} and an innumerable host there, and here, and else* where. Our doctors, too, apart from a highly reputable mean, represent extremes of self denial and of self-indulgence. There is now lecturing in Adelaide a young medicus named Henry Graltan Guinness, who is a skilful physician as well as a fiery and zealous evangelist and an eloquent, polished orator. His intensely religious feel ings compelled him to give up his medical practice, or rather not to eater fully upon it, and to devote hia energies wholly to evange lical work. He had great prospects of pro fessional success, and no less unquestioned endowments for his self- imposed alternative duties—a good education, a capital presence, a splendid physique, natural eloquence, a musical ear and taste (he plays the cornet ex quisitely), a sympathetic manner, any amount of animal magnetism, boundless energy, and perseveraooe not to be daunted, allied to an exoellent judgment keeping his exuberant zeal in check. He has travelled through the colonies prosecuting his mission with great success:; he -was here about twelve months ago, and now he is amongst us again. His medical education gives great weight to his words. He not only tells young fellows that they commit a sin when thej indulge in harlotry and riotous living, but he describes to them their physical dangers. He shows them that they not only hurt their moral natures, but that they utterly demoralise their bodies, and run the risk of certain suffering and highly probable shortening of their lives. And, as most dissipated men are moral cowards, the good doctor sticks his lance into a sore place, when he is so pointed as that, and his hearers wriggle. "Wriggle!" Ay, tnore J last Monday night tbe lecturer gave in a orowded hall "a medical talk to men only." He followed the methods outlined in the last paragraph, and before he sat down several men had fainted, appalled by the exact description of their physical mental and moral condition. The doctor told the audience not to be alarmed, because that result frequently fol. lowed his delivery of this lecture. I mention this fact as a fair illustration of the intense realism of Dr. Guinness'* lectures. "Why, nothing more startling is recorded of the old' Grecian Sages. We may even have another Pentecost in Adelaide before our Jubilee arrives! And if not, why not ? The Doctor, by the way, is unmarried, but duly engaged to a good girl in another oolony. The gossips in society say that one day when his engagement was announced a relative of the JUrncee settled a handsome annuity upon him. Lucly fellow! But he deserves every farthing lie may get and more j and I have no doubt the money will be well applied. Our own girls, however, are terribly disappointed at their hero's engagement! It spoils their chances. It is wonderful—the way in which girls in these colonies lose their heads over public speakers, young clergymen particularly. I know a minister of religion in this coloi.y who, before he was married, received several letters from most respectable lasses, openly expressing their softness for him, and in two or three cases ending with the assurance— "Ifc maJ be an unmaidenly thing to say, but I do tell you that I really can't repress my admiration and love for you, whatever may be the consequences." And the poor fellow was getting only about £3 a week, and had no more prospects of a fortune than a church mouse -has at any time of a good feed of -Limburger cheese. The Governor is going to Melbourne to morrow—(this is Wedtiesday night). Sir William is a gay old gentleman, who likes to Bee the sights, and the Melbourne people made eo much of him when he was last amongst them—even called him an orator— that he is only too glad to take the opportunity given by their Cup race to renew his acquain tance with tliem. But politicians whisper that there was a difficulty about his going away. This is a ticklish time in politics. The session may end any day, and bills will be constantly going up to Government House for assent; and the impending prorogation cere mony will require that the Governor shall put on his dignity, his cocked hat and his pointed boots, to formally let loose the Legis lature upon the country. Consequently, it is said by folks who ought to know, the Premier and Treasurer would only L»t Sir William go to Melbourne upon his promising to hurry back at short notice. So, you see, a colonial Governor is really of use now and again! The Register is vexing the souls of the Jubilee Ode judges by publishing some of the poems which they rejected. Four have ap peared thus far, and eacb one of them is infinitely better than that of Mr. Cossins', who got the prize for some mysterious reason which has not been disclosed up to date. The unsuccessful poets are very wrathful, and a hundred years hence when Mr. Cossins' ode is ] played in the drawing-rooms of our great grandchildren (who will look upon the lines as a sample of Australian poetry of the 19th century) the ghosts of 124 disgusted poetasters will hover over the pianistes. A bitter drop in the cup of the competitors is the knowledge that G. H. Cossins is not even an Australian, or the son of an Austra lian. He is a plucky fellow, though. He came here three or four years ago from South Africa. Whilst there he fought valiantly in one of the native wars, and got a gold medal from the Government. But, alas! for our Australian self-love, he is not an Australian. On the other hand, however, we are so proud as to bettfeve that no young Australian could write such verses and live! The other day the School Board of which Bonrthon, of the Advertiser, is chairman (he is going into the House next year it is under stood, and Rowland Bees calls him " the coming Premier of South Australia!") the other day his School Board visited the Model School in Flinders-street, and (eo I am told), treated the boys to a vocal examination and other good things. How eaeily you can puzzle boys, and bigger folks ae well. I haye seen a cute lawyer confused for several miufttes by the old question put hurriedly—" A herring and a half for 18 pence, how many herrings for a shilling ?" These youngsters smartly answered the query, " How many blue beanB make five?" but some were nonplussed by the enquiry, "What is the weight of a 21b* loaf ?" Even the bakers, for that matter, find it hard to say what a 21b. loaf weighs. Some brought up at the Police Court for light weight have interpreted 21bs- to mean a good deal less than 32 ounces. One smart lad had the better of the Board. The boys^were asked, "How many penny buns do you get for 6d " Of course the reply would naturally be half-a- dozen ; but the lad piped out promptly—" Seven." He had in mind the baker's dozen, and knew that " seven I buns for sixpence " is the market rate. At a previous inspection the same gentlemen re ceived some curious information from the scholars, and the examination papers, even of our excellent Model Schools, are full of extraordinary misconceptions, such as those recently disclosed in similar documents in England, where one young genius declared that" The Nile is the only remarkable river in the world. It was discovered by Dr. Livingstone, and it takes its rise in Mungo Parkand another, " Constantinople is on the GJolden Horn, a strong fortress, has a university, and is the residence of Peter the Great. Its chief building is the Sublime Port." 