the men got back early, and camped for the rest of the day ; sent one man ahead, to see what the country was like, and he found it very rough, and reportod that only half a load could Vie taken for the next ten miles. Here were a .great many bottle trues ; plenty of grass and water ; formation, sandstone ; weather, warm. Monday, 5fh. — Made an early start, over some rougn, scony country, but having only halt a load, had no difficulty. Crossed the first range since leaving the port, got into a very good camp about dinner time, and named it GrenfellCamp. After dinner (damper and dried apples) Mitten and Paice started to go back for the remainder of the stivres, the rest of the party fishing and shooting ; distance about ten miles. Tuesday, 6th. — The drays came into camp about 10 a.m., and it was decided to stnp for the remainder of the day. It was found out that drays with heavy loads were a mistake. Williams and Kirk patrick went along the road for about four miles to see what it was like, and found it a little better ; while out, they Bhot a fine turkey, and some more game, so that the cooks were busy ; weather still warm. Wednesday, 7th. — Made an early start over some sandy country, with stony patches ; had an advanced guard clearing stones off the road ; did not expect to get much better roads till a different formation was reached. No game to-day ; had to fall back on damper and apples. Killed a large hrown snake, mea suring some twelve feet ; the country seemed to be full of them; distance, nine miles. Thurs day, 8th. — Made an early start, as it was too wurm to travel in the middle of the day, and carry a swag. The writer, in company with Georse Dane, Kirkpatrick, and some others, went along the road to look for water for the next day's stage, but failed to find any, but the other party found some juat at dark ; they also found a poor follow dead in the bush, and as it ?was too late to do anything that night, they, left him ; distance, ten miles. Friday, 9th. — Started before daylight to clear the road, and when the spring was reached, Batts and party were found vi ai ting for us to go and bury the man found the day before. The writer's opinion was that he had been dead some six or seven days, and that he had died from natural causes, as there were no signs of any foul play ; there were no papers nor anything to identify him by, no money, and nothing but his swag and some rations he was carrying. A hole was dug, and he w«b buried in the presence of seven witnesses. The party proceeded on their journey; roads still very heavy ; expected to get a change the following day, and did not care how soon it came, a.t carrying a swag is no joke, though there were plenty doing it. Camped at a small w.iterhole ; the worst stage for grass and water since starting ; distance, eleven miles. Saturday, 10th: — Made an early start, and came on to the Denam Rivor, a splendid sheet of water. Thought we had got out of tho sandstone at last, and expect to have better roads. Came to the river again in about twelve miles, and camped, it being the bit-t day's work since starting, in all about fifteen miles. — Sunday, 11th. — Decided to cross the river, and camp, as grass was sciirce last night. All hands busy washing. Paid*, Kirkpatrick, and self, took a stroll into the hills in the after noon to look for kangaroos, but did not get any, though they would have boon very acceptable, but we Baw some of the roughest scenery ever witnessed, and found looking for kangaroos anything but a good line when limited in shoe leather ; distance, one and a-half miles. Mon day, 12th. — Started at 7 a.m. from the river, crossing it several times ; some of the crossings very heavy ; had to double bank to «et through ; were this river running, it would be impossible to get along ; grass good, plenty water, weather ?warm ; distance, twelve milus. Tuesday, 13th. — Made an early start, tho first four mile1 vary fair ; then came to a complete block ; had to un load both drays, and had to put five horses on, and all hands with ropes, to get the empty drays up, just a true picture. of ? what we saw in the Sydney Mail. They call it Hell's Gates. Got over ail right, and started' for tho next difficulty. Came to gond water, and campod ; distance, ten miles. Wednesday, 14th.— Ten miles before dinner, over a very fair traok, through granite, with hungry quartz ; came on to two tracks after dinner ; the dray's took one, and some of the party the othor ; the drays made a spring in about two miles, and camped ; Dana. Williams, Kirkpatrick, and I, came on to the Bow River, and camped ; dista ce for drays, twelve miles Thursday, loth. — Drays came up to the Bow about 10.30, and camped for tho rest of the day. Some packers came into camp to-day from tho field, being the first we had mot on tho track. I They did not give a very good account, but they jwere going for ' tucker,' in order to give t!ie Ifiold another trial ; some of them wore very bad iwith scurvy. They told us we had still 170 Smiles to d', and that we had enno something ?like 130 miles. By O'Donnell's chart, the whole Hdistance is made 220 miles — something wrong ; ?rlistance, ten miles. Friday, 16th. — Parted with ?poor old Hamilton this morning, who goes back Ki) the Gulf, as the men coming back say you Imnnnt got ' tucker ' for money, and that we Hi id still some very rough country to so, over ; what- we had come ov-r nearly knocked Haniil fton up. We came to the river again in tive ?niles, and camped for dinner (tea and damper), Bind started again for a camp nino miles off. ?Viet a lot of packers^lirid some swagmen with ? -\it a pound of flnurj ffin not know how ihey ?will get down ; some of- these men ran the field ?flown, dime into carnp, and fou'ud Mr. Ciirr ?Boyd ; the leas said about him the bettor. Had ?to douhle hank both dray* several times to-duy ; ?weather warm ; distanccj fourteen miles. Siitur Iday, 17th. — Started about 8 ; passed through Ivory poor country, nearly '11 granite hills. Met la lot of men, who gave a wretched account of [the field, and mady' some 'f our boys look very I down in the ninitth. Kirkpatrick shot a fine I wallaroo, so wo/shall have a good dinner- to I morrow ; weather still very warm ; distance, I ei«ht miles. S'inday, 18rh. — Spell day. Had I a fine dinner — wallaroo and apples ; these ani I mals are bntte',' hero than they are in New South I Wains— nt least we thought so. It was the first I time we had ljad anything in the shape of meat since leaving'the ship. Monday, 19th. — An early start ; tho first three miles very rough ; rugged hills on both sides ; do not think a cat could get over them. Paice had a capsize to day ; no harm done ; got into camp all right ; i distance, six miles. Tuesday, 20th. — Started early ; roads very rough'; passed thirty or forty men to-day, some going for tucker, some for good; camped on a big hill ; very mean camp for grass and water ; distauce six miles. Wed nesday, 21st. Shortly after starting, we came to a very steep pinch ; had to double bank, and all hands with ropes ; got over without unload ing. Very hilly country to-day ; grass very mean, nothing but spinefex. Passed a lot of men to-day ; in fact, there are as many coming nway as going ; distance, five miles. Thursday, 22nd. — Still in rough country ; crossing rivers, nothing but dry sand beds; about three miles from last night's camp we came to another very rough pinch ; got over all right, and camped for dinner — our usual fare, damper and tea. Got under weigh for another camp ; found the roads a little better ; came up to & lot of drays in camp, giving their horses a spell, and decided to do the same, as some of our horses were looking very dickey, and the chances were that they would die. Many animals died at the different camps on this river, some say from eating a pea, but I think from overwork, as some of the teams in this camp started ten days before us. This was a very good camp, plenty of water and erass, though the latter is getting very dry ; distance to-day, nine miles. Saturday, 24th. — Spelling the horses to-day. Some of our ship mates came into camp with their horses knocked up, and, like our own, badly in want of a spell. Sunday, 25th. — Still in camp One of our shipmates' horses died to-day ; they made a post mortem examination, and the verdict was that he died from the effects of a capsizo, ? rtVfl not from eating the pea, and ^believe that, and overwork, was the cause ok- most of the deaths. Monday, 26th. — Started 'at '8 a.m., and passed a patch of boggy ground just after starting ; camped at 11 for dinner — tea and damper. Afterwards made Fletcher's Creek ; formation to-day, granite and limestone ; very good grass. As we came into camp, Williams shot a fine tur key. Distance, nine miles. Tuesday, 27th. — Left the creek early, arid passed -through good country for water ; plenty of grass, but no sub stance in it ; formation, same as yesterday ; the hills are all a mass of boulders, with neither grass nor timber ; camped for dinner about nine miles from Fletcher's Creek ; started for a bet ter camp, as one or two of our horses are nearly done up, and we shall have to give them a spell, or leave them; distance, twelve miles. Wednes day, 28th.— Spelling the horses again. Found out to-day that , we had a lot of shoemakers in the party. Most of us are busy half-soloing and heeling our boots with some of- our trace har ness, as the Sydney boots will not stand this country. This is the first time that the Grenfell party have been camped by themselves since leaving, home. A lot of men passed again to day, and they siy the rush is a duffer, but some of us are determined to seo for ourselves, if we have to carry our swags, but I hope we shall be able to save our horses, as we may want them for other purposes than carrying our tucker. Thursday, 29th.— Sf.artod early, with Kirk's in ire in the shafts, and packed old Punch. Came to the Ord River ; dry at crossing, and a very stiff pull through sand for about half a mile ; had to double bank to get through ; nearly a case with the horses, so expect we shall have to camp again. Passed large nuinbnrs of dead horsos to-day — hard work, I suppose. Tried a few prospects ; no luck ; traces of tin. Old George a little off his tucker to-day ; nothing serious. Four hags of flout gone up to date — speaks for itself. Distance, eight miles. Fri day, 30th July. — :Started at 8 a.m. Horses looking very dicky ; only intend to go five or six miles Half an hour after leaving camp we met Walton McCarthy,- and had a good shake of hands all round, and a good talk about the rush. Ho said it might turn out something yet, that is, when the rain set in, but did not think it would be anything before We parted from him, and again proceeded on our journey, com ing to Rome of the roughest country we had had yet. It took the drays six and a-half hours to do six miles. This has been a very .varm day, and cloudy (the only clouds we have seen since we landed in Western Australia, and we made every preparation for rain, but it came to no thing but heat. Things are beginning so look very blno, but it is no use crying over spilt milk, as we camo here to seo the rush, and that we are determined to do: — at least some of us ; distance, six miles. Saturday, 31st. — Hud some trouble to get a start this morning on account of the horses ; thoy are nearly done up, hut. we are trying to got.them along to tho near est point to the field ; from all accounts it is a rank dnffor as yot, and if it should be true (we hope not) the only chancu left is to got our stores in and sell them. We met Dan Perry to-day, on the down trip ; he gives a wretched account, but we are still going on. Very cloudy, looks like a thunderstorm, that is, if there is any such thing this time of year in this country. Road very fair to- day; formation granite on edge, just as thin, anrl like slato. Tried a couple of dishes, any amount of black sand, but, not the ghost of a colour of gold. Started on the fifth bag of flour to-day ; all the boys in good health, but not in spirits ; distance, five miles. Sunday, .1st August. — Campod to-day to uive the horses a spoil, in very good grass, tho host thoy have had for some tirn,e. Wo also managed to got some game, so will have a pass able mess tn-day — curry and dried apples. Had a slight thunderstorm last night, with a few drops of rain ; this morning it is still raining a little, just enough to make us cover up the drays. We have an eccentric being in camp to-day ; he calls himself Kennar Lenman, from the United States — not a bad sort on the whole. Wa are thinking of making a depot at' this camp, so that if we have to turn right liaok, it will do for us the down trip. It came on to rai' pretty smartly at about 1 p.m., and continued for a couple of honrs. Believe it is something unusual to sno any rain this time of the year, so the old hands so. Total rainfall about sixty points hy our gauue (fryingpan), the only uso we have had for it on the track. Monday, 2nd August. — Horses hotter this morning. Five of us stopped behind to bring up the tents, which got very wet yester/day, and plant our stores and tools that wo shall not require, hy all accounts, and if wo should want the tools, it will not he far to come baokr-only fifty-five miles. It has been a very nicu/ day for travelling. Got up to } the rest of the party in ctunp about 11 o'clock, and found O'Donnell camped there ; had a yarn with him, and proved that he knew nothing a'lout mining; m-r does he profess to do so, but said that whore there are such pieces as he handed -us to inspect, there ought to be some more .'{quantity produced between nine and ton ounces). I gave him all particulars about the man wo buried on the road. The country we passed through to-day is very poor-looking for gold ; formation, granite and hungry quartz. Andrew Dunn suffering a little from sore eyes ; applied some' of Dr. Rygate's lotion. All the rest of the jboy s^ in hest of health. Grass very mean at this camp ; water very «ood ; distance nine miles. Tuesday, 3rd August — Glad to get out of this camp on account of so many dead horses. Was talking to O'Donnell last night about the distance ; by his directions, and what we found by travelling over the road, we found that in starting froin the port we, like the rest, were too heavily lo-'ded ; that the journey conld bo best done with pack horses. Came on to the Patiton River in about six miles from last camp; these are called rivers, but at present they are only dry, sandy beds, with water in holes here and there. Had another slight shower, which compelled us to camp at 11 o'clock ; very little rain aftet1 all. Dunn's eyes a little better to-day ; a few more applications ? will put him right, I think. Formation, granite, with patches of basalt. Self and Kirkpatrick went one way prospecting, and George another ; all I gut was black sand, George a few colours ; it is quite possible that the head of this river would be wort.h prospecting, but a man would have to know the country well, as it seems to be very-rough- for travelling ; grass very fair ; dis tance, nino miles. Wednesday, 4th August. — Started at 7 o'clock with drays. M'Laughlan and Williams stopped with tents, as they were very wet ; came' on all right for about eight miles, and the'n the horses were completely knocked up ; had a great job to get them into camp ; the only way that we can account for this state of affairs is, that the grass they are eating cannot have any more snbstanco in it than Ingrey's sawdust, if as good, as the road we have travelled to-day has been the best we have had for the distance, not a pinch in the whole stage ; what we are to do with them is a mystery to me ; got into camp ; had our usual dinner — damper and tea ; myself and Kirkpatrick went i out after dinner prospecting, travelled abont 3 miles over some very rough country, and got nothing in the shapn of gold ; tracked a lot of blacks, young and old, but saw none ; weather still warm, nights cool ; rlistance, eleven miles. Thursday, 5th August. — Did not start till about 9 o'clock, as horses were very weak, and only a seven mile stage to do; met any amount of ship mates to-day coming back, and from them' we have the old story, that it is a rank duffer.; I expect some of us will make a start with bluey to morrow, as the horses are done this time, and we would have to give them a fimr or five days' spell, so the best thing to be done now. is for a few to go in and see what wo think.of the place; fell some palm trees to have, a -feed of cabbage and damper — si5irie' of-Schweitz^r's beef would 'go nigh' with it ; all the boys still in good health, looking back, however, to the journey, and no boots to doit with, not a very nice prospect; road very, fair, formation granite,- patches of slate and basalt, very mean on the whole ; weather still very warm ; distance, seven miles. Friday, 6th Angus1;. — Had a meeting to-day in reference as to what was the best thing to do, some of us consider that if we put the horses in the drays again that they would not be of any use to ns-again for anything, so it was decided' to share out the tucker and pack them and out selves for remainder of the journey, nineteen miles, and sell or do whatever was best, one of each party to stop at this camp till the others came back, M'Langhlan for our party, Paice for his, and j. Dodd for his ; we left some more provisions at this camp for the J..iwn trip. ?Saturday, 7th August.— Started this morning with pack horses with abont two hundred pounds each ; all the donkeys, abont 40 ponnds on their backs, got along very well, but found it very warm work ; nothing else for it, we had to grin and carry it ; the horses camped at the first water, fourteen miles ; Williams and I decided to go the rest of the journey, five miles, which was a very rough track, and something to be re mombei-ed ; got two old ship-mates and camped with them; thej' are just on their way down, fairly dissjnstud with the place, as they are man like ourselves used to making fair wages when they work ; they have been here two weeks, and worked out One gully and part of another for five ounces ; it berts all the places I have ever seen as yet ; you can work half a mile of a gully for a load of stuff, and after you have carried it on your back onet or two miles to water, you might get a pennyweight or two foryour trouble; not a very bright prospect for Ktmberlev so far. Sunday, 8th August. — Pack horses came in to day all right, and we started to soil nnr stores : flour. Is per Ih ; tea, 4s ; potatoes, 23; sugar, ls.6d ; rice, Is 6d ; Charley Lee came over to our camp and had dinner with us ; from what we could hear from him and others, there is nothing much to stop here, for; we have no doubt that from what we can hear there is gold in the country, but the high price of rations and the chances of bad health that are likely to come after the rainy season it would be folly for us to stop here, for the best of it is only a fossicking place, and has been greatly overrated ; had a true report been given of the place there never would have been a rush, at least that is our opinion; we are camped on the Elvira River ; thero was a rush to a little ravine running into it last \veek. by some hundred or hundred and fifty men, and. the whole of it was worked out in a few days for five ounces ; this I believe to be a fact', as nearly all the men that worked in the gully were ship-mates of ours. Mouday, 9th August. — Busy to-day selling stores ; the rest of the boys are gully-raking to try to get a few pennyweights as a sample of Kimberley gold ; one good feature in the men that are on this field is that they do not care much for spirits as wo have a few bottles and cannot gut rid of it. Tom Kirk, says it is very hard work ; there is no mistake about it, you have to c.irry the dirt three-quarters of a mile, and five of them worked a hundred yards of a gully for sixteen penny weights ; so much for our first day on Kimber ley. Tuesday, 10th August.— Off to work at sunrise ; worked hnrder than yostorday. for less gold ; everybody about looking very blue over total for the day, fourteen pennyweights ; this is for five donkeys packing ono hundred and fifty pounds on their back, and making ten trips a day ; very warm work. Wednesday, 11th Aug. — Startod again at sunrise for' another day ; some went to a rush about two miles away, and others to find another gully. Mitten and Williams camo back from tho two-mile no good ; the others camo in shortly after, with the aamo prospect — no good, and the party went on pack ing the dirt for tho remainder of the day. for a total of eteht woiirhta ; this bad finished the gully of about 220 yards. Wo camo to tho conclusion that it was no uso our stopping any longer, for what we hoard from others and what we know ourselves, it is a very bad speck, as a man might make his tucker if lie has a mind to work, but ho must work. Thursday, 12th August. — Wentdown the rive'1 about threo miles to a lay-on, and was late ; triod above and be low, but could got nothing ; .came back to the camp, and prepared to start for the Gulf ; saw any amount of quartz reefs in and about tho field, but no gold in any of them, and if there was they would havo had to be very rich, as thore is no timber in tho country, not even for firewood ; I don't believe that the whole of tho. country wo travelled through would ruu threo trees to the acre ; a poorer timber country I never was in. So much for my experience on the road to and at the Kimberloy goldfields. Left the field on the 20th August, and arrived at the twenty-mile on the 27th ; camped there till Tuesday with the horses, and we could not do anything with them, so we agreed to s^ll them for what they would bring ; sold the four of the horses that we took from Gronfell, with three pack saddles, and went into the Gulf tho follow ing day, 2nd September ; booked in the Edith Mary, sail vessel, for Port Darwin, and started from Cambridge Gulf on Saturday, 3rd Septem ber, and bid farewell to Kimberley. We arrived in Port D irwin on tho7th Septem ber, camped there tillSaturday, 17th September, went on board the steamship Guthrie, and started for Sydney on the 18th;' arrived at Thursday Island on 21st, loft tho same day, and arjived at Cooktown on Saturday, 24th, Towns ville 26th, and Brisbane 1st October. Thomas Kirkpatrick and John and Thomas Dodd got .off here to stay a while at least. The rest of tho party proceeded on the journey, and arrived in Sydney Harbour on 4tli October, sadder but wiser men, but all well, and not rid of all our colonial gold. 