A LETTER FROM SIR SALMON. EWE-ENDEN MANOR. OCT. 15, 1S86. MY DEAB FRIEND, - I write these few lines to you hoping you are quite well as it leaves me at present, I am now very glad to say that all the objectionable Australian colonists are on the wing, and by the time this reaches you most of them will be "home," as they call it, again. Really I am vastly glad to be rid of them, and I think I can speak for the upper ten. Their manners are not nice, and their customs are beastly. But I suppose they can't help it. We are not all born gentlemen. I could tell of horrid things they have done and faux 2>as they have committed, but in mercy I refrain. You can perhaps imagine them. //e lias not returned yet. What lie is waiting for I do not know. He cannot be playing for anything higher than " Bart." No, the thought is too, too, horrid. If he is, and should get it ? The thought is madness, 1 must see the Prince of Wales personally, and explain the matter to him. He really cannot know what I have done for literature and art. By-tlie-way, talking of art, let me ask yon how that bust of mine is getting on. Do the vulgar recognise it, and say, " Our benefactor ?" "The great Sir Salmon — how heroic ?" And do any take off their hats and go down on one knee before it ? Tell me, my dear frieud. I am yearning to know. Write aud tell ,me how the Professors take the presentation. Do they hold me in reverence ?. By the time you get this, George Coppin will be with you. He brings valuable information about sundry matters that I cannot mention, but which will be of vital interest to your Brighton Council. Let them interview Mr. Coppin at once on these matters and they will learn a lot. L. L. has, I believe, sold all his medicine, and is now longing to be home once more. He imagines that the Legislative Assembly is lonely without him, and he is afraid that Gaunson, Smith, Jones and Co. are not doing as well as they might during his absence. He intends, when he comes back, to " wire in" at once, and make things fly, Mr. Bosisto, with his "honour" still on his breast, has not quite got back his temper. He is a good deal better, the constant application of eucalyptus oil to the top of his head having done him a world of good. Jimmy Thompson is still here chasing his friend " Wales" and " Her Majesty." Jimmy has invited " Wales" to a picnic in the Victorian Court; he intends doing it slap up, and sending " Wales" home tight. Jimmy cannot understand why he has not oeen made a baronet. He says he would make quite as good a baronet as some people he knows, and a good deal better. The impudence of some people is astounding. Mind, 1 am not going to pay for that bust. The University people must do that. I will pay for the unveiling ceremony and the banquet afterwards, providing there are speeches, and that my health is proposed by the Chancellor. Not without.— Yours, SALMON. " A BLUNDER is worse than a crime." (Signed) C. E. Jones, W. C. Smith, I'avid Gaunson. " Tell a lie and stick to it." (Signed) C. E. Joiies, W. C. Smith, David Gaunson. "Oh, cursed Speight that e'er we attended that banquet to set thee reight." (Signed) C. E. Jones, W. C. Smith, David Gaunson. " The foxes have holes, but we have not a place to hide our heads." (Signed) C. E. Jones, W. C. Smith, David Gaunson. " Pcccavi." (Signed) C. E. Jones and W. C. Smith, " Brazen it out." (Signed) David Gaunson. IF what the Age says be true, which is though perhaps improbable, yet possible, we consider that the Geelong City Council has acted in a scandalous manner. We read (Age, Friday 24th): "To-day the town inspector, under the Council's instructions, collected dues in the place (the market), and was forcibly ejected from the yard." The Geelong City Councillors must be double- faced to a degree. We should hardly have expected to find a Geelongooae capable of instructing an employe to go to a place to collect dues, and also giving instructions for him to get kicked out. They evidently Wished to hunt with the hounds and run with the hare. Dp to now we have taken the Geelongeese for a good, easy-going, straight-forward sort of folk, somewhat dull of understanding and slow of comprehension, may be, but still, honest and straightforward. Another illusion vanished like a ghost at cock- COLONEL DISNEY and General Lorimer know a thing or two after alL They read PUNCH, they do. Our sporting man a week or two ago pointed out the artfulness of the English nobility in Danquetting away our cricketers' chances of victory. There are, it is true, more ways of killing a cat than choking it with cream. But still the crcam-choking process has one advantage in that the victim does not object so strenuously as lie would do to the brutal bootjack. The diligent newspaper reader will have noticed that almost immediately following on our sporting man's expose of the feeding up of our cricketers, the Defence Department issued 4 circular, or a general order or something (our Military man can't come in because his tailor is waiting for him with a summons in the front office, so our readers must excuse technical errors), witli a view to establish a commissariat corps. We trust that our readers will carefully refrain from informing the White Czar that this corps is being formed with the express purpose of feeding up our enemies so that they can't fight. On an enemy landing at Western Port they will be met and welcomed by Col. Disney and invited to a banquet. The Commissariat Corps will be ail there. When the fighting begins next morning our fellows will be fresh as so many daisies (it may not be generally known that none but teetotallers are permitted to enlist in the Militia), whilst the Russian shooting will be promiscuous. About noon lunch will be announced, and no more fighting will be done that day. And so the game will go on until the whole Russian Army will hand in their cheques, some of indigestion, some of D.T.'s, some of liver and a privileged few of Militia bullets. We have to thank a British nobleman for an idea which has rendered Australia safe at last. 