CAULFIELD GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE MEETING. Although often experiencing bad weather for their racing, the committee of the Vic- toria Amateur Turf Club have never yet post- poned a meeting, and in nearly every case their decision in this respect has turned out a wise one Saturday was no exception to the rule. On Friday night it seemed impossible that racing of a kind to interest the public could take place next day, but the executive decided not to come to a decision until half past ten on Saturday morning, and as long before that hour there was promise of fairly good weather, the necessity for a postpone- ment was never discussed The attendance was almost as large as the finest weather could have ensured, the difference, perhaps, being that many ladies who would have gone to Caulfield on a more pleasant day remained at hom. Amongst the visitors were His Excellency the Governor. The Caulfield course bus gained the name of being the best winter race ground in Australia, and its merits in this respect were amply shown on Saturday after the almost continuous rain of the week. The going was heavy, as the hoof-marks in the straight showed, but, except on a portion of the steeplechase course out of the direct track of the horses, there was no water lodged on the running track, and in the reserves the grass was almost as pleasant underfoot as on a spring day. In the arrangements for the meeting there was no room for complaint, the train service to the ground being equal to requirements, while the crush at the flinders street siution was less intense than usual Mr. Skinner, the club caterer, had a cipital luncheon spread under the stand, and m the long interval between the first and second events, every attention was given to it The five events down on the card proved quite enough to till up the afternoon A field of l8 two year olds went out for the Sapling Stakes, Sunshade being first favourite at odds ot 8 to 1 against her, while Casuist and Epi curean were also backed with some spirit The records of the race were in favour of Sunshade as against the colt and the gelding, all the winners of the race thus far having been fillies Sunshade got away in the front rank, an important advantage in so short a race, and it was a question as to whether she was really once headed Trust appeared to show slightly in advance of her as they came round the turn, but the inside position held by Mr. Millers filly may have accounted for this. At one time it seemed that Sunshade would finish almost unchallenged, but O'Brien brought out epicurean, and Sanders had to use his whip freely to get the favourite home first by half a length The winning jockey, as soon as he weighed in, was charged by the starter, Mr Watson, with having been verj disobedient at the post, and the stewards marked their sense ot displeasure by dis qualifying him for two months Sunshade is a neatlj modelled filly, very closely re- sembling last j cur's winner, Louies Herta. Mr. L Ii Smith, who had won the race twice m succession, made another strong bid for it with epicurean, who ran game!) Mnny of the starters were, as usual, somewhat unmanage- able, Mr J, Harper s pair-Julian Gray and Nectarine-running tar outas tiley came round the turn In the time for the race there was something ot a coincidence, the even 40sec. having now been hoisted on four out of live occasions for this race All the 13 horses on the card went out for the Hurdle Race, there being no choice in the betting between Huntsman and Ocean The next in favour wus Bonnie Lad, who, it was thought, would be admirably suited by the heavy state of the course The field got round to the Btraight without any accident, but at the hurdle in front of the stand Koo!) te went down. His rider, who was shot right amongst the legs of the other horses, and stood for an instant on his head, escaped, however, without injury, to the great relief ot the onlookers. Down to the sod wall in the second round nothing in the race was going stronger than Ocean, but he hit the nardie there and rolled over. Sultan, Bonnie Lad, and Huntsman came into the straight almost together, but Hunts- man, who had slipped about a good deal m the race, was already beaten Bonnie Lad was coming home the most comfortable of winners, when Distiller, from the ruck, made an effort to reach lum Tho chesnut gained in every stride, but the attempt was made just too late, and Bonnie Lad shot past the post the winner with a lead of a neck only, The winner is by Terror, and has that dash ot the renowned Panic blood winch must al wa) s make itself felt where gameness is an element in the contest The race was, however, much slower than last jear's, when the gallant Agent led the held home. In the Selling Race there was little of interest, the affair being practically a match at even weights be- tween Cuba and Mabel Gray, and a most in- teresting hnish left the former with about three quarters of a length the best of it. The owner got her back at auction for £40, which amount went to the club funds. for the Grand National Steeplechase there were eight starters, and on an uncertain day it was indicative ot very firm confidence in Game that bis supporters were ba cKing him down to even money, while as good odds an G to 1 were to be had about either Lady Ashton or Wickliffe, and 10 to 1 against 1 be Irishman Lady Ashton looked very tit, and worth backing on the off chance of tho favourite making Borne mistake. Wickliffe bad a good deal ot support on the strength of his recent win at 1'lemington m the Maiden Steeplechase, and the style in which he tenced on that occasion 'Hie doubtful point was that in the present case he would be ex- pected to race over jumps, while at flem- ington bo was hardly ever forced boomi u canter. Clame bud a great many ad- mirers m the paddock betöre the race, farlyinthe struggle he had very much the sume experience us at 1< lemington, whero Reticent came into collision with him as they took the fenco together. Now Native ran down his leuce slightly, and as he landed struck Game on the quarters and shook lum, but bejond the coincidence of two such mishaps occurring tit corresponding points ia the two courses it was hurdly worth mention. Havelock baulked at the fence on the hill, and retired from the contest, but while all the others completed the first round safely, they were not BO fortunate at the second at- tempt Native struck the logs, and went partly down, but lerguson remained in the saddle and pulled the horse on his legs again, getting a cheer for his cleverness Tile next lour lences brought down five horses Terang fell on the lull, and Native at the succeeding jump, while at, the back Lady Ashton also toppled over. At the Bod wall The Irishman struck so sharply that he came on his nose and shot his rider clear away in front ot lum, and Wickliffe-who, however, appeared to be beuten before any accident belel lura-came to griet ut the same leuce Only Game and Contingent wero left to light out the finish, and the favourite, with all his extra vvoight, was too fast for the other, and without any special eflort won by over three lengths. Corrigan, as be rode back to Beale, bud to lift his eup repeatedly in response to Borne warm cheering. And he had reason to be proud ot the v ictory and of the horse bo rode, considering that on such a da) Game hud given the second horse nearly three stone anda half, coupled mill a decisive beating Taking the time, weight, and state ot the course into consideration, it was a vei) fine performance. In winning, Corrigan bad the satisfaction ot having appropriated both the Grand National steeplechases for this winter. It was also noticeable that, fortunate ns the Ballarat stable bus been in respect to Bteeplcchases, its hurdle racehorses have failed to como up to expectations, each of the heavil)-bnekcd hurdleracers from Dowling forest getting tuird place onlv. Practically, only two horses had finished in the Steeple- chase, but the judge was obliged to place a third, and as both Terang and Lady Ashton wore remounted after their mishaps, and taken round, the former gained a place, which carried with it very little cash, and even lesâ credit Although 51 horses were handicapped lor the Balaclava Stakes, only 24 of them went out-a good field if a bad percentage. Whether with reason or not, there is always a suspicion abroad in con- nexion with this event that a great many of the competitors are mere I j out lor an airing, or in anticipation of the Spring handicaps, to show Mr. Barnard that any favour- able impressions which he may have formed about their powers to gallop are quite erroneous Pocahontas, who has lately run most consistent!), was made the best favourite, partly on account ot being ridden by Gorry, whose luck in winning the closing event of a day's racing has become ulmost proverbial. The race provided an ex- citing finish between the favourite and Quintín Matsep, and although the latter at first looked like getting the best of it, the Tasmanian mare was much favoured by the difference of 221b , and in a leaser degree by the fact that she was kept in the centre of the course, where the turf was sounder, this just about giving her the neck advantage that ebe held at the finish Mr Watson had some trouble with the jockeys in this race also, and as the result ot his reports to the stewards, Tomlina was suspended for a month and Stonnell tor a fortnight, while St Bacchus and Gorry were fined. The follow- ing are the details of the racing - Till. SAl'l INO STAKL3 01 100 fovB lor tvvo jcira old Lolts ist 121b, lillie* anil geldings', 7st 711) three lurlone« Mr A llallnbonrc, s br I buiislmdc by îvcvv minster -Sunbeam, "tit. 71b (Sanders) 1 Mr L. L smith s h ii Lpieurean, bj L>urri\vcll Aletbe 7»e 71b (O llrleii) . !! Mr W Harpers b I Carnival, bv UlorlouB-Con luslon, 7st 71b, curried 7st 1Mb (Uence) . 3 Sir ù Milkra ti I Trust, bj Neckersgat-Hdelit), 7»t 71b (M'lntOKli) 0 Mr S Miller.brli'lnjai-v, bj Molllnc.ton-Vaude- ville, 7«t 71b (luraer) . . .0 Mr S Mlllors br I Lira, b) Gang Forward-Fo dalma, 7»t 71b (St. John) ... 0 Mr W Unllöy'sbr o lenton by Neckersgat- Etta (Imp), 7st 1'ilb (Harbutt) .0 Mr A Í Uradslmvv a b o llio Dreamer, by Young bnowilon-My llreuin, "ut 121b (D Williame). 0 Mr.O. Harriett's br o Master Norman, by Richmond -Delamere, 7*t 121b. (.St ratio ni).O Mr. O, Barnutt's b'g Dargin, by Goldsbrouirh MHUnor, 7at. 71b. (Doherty). .. o Mr. S. G rim wood's b or ro ( Falka, by Glorious_ Julia, 7st 71b. (Johnson) .. .. ..0 Mr. T. Jones's ch Í Alexandrin, by Newminster Billilla, 7at 71b. (llartin O'Briun).0 Mr. J. Harper's bri Nectarino, by St Albans Horticulture, 7st 7ib. (Tinsley).0 Mr. J. Harper's h g Julian Gray, by Julian Avcnol -Mary (lladstano, 7«t 71b. (Steers) .. ,.0 Mr. J. Wilson's, Jun., oh ( Query, by St Albans, First King, or Kins; of tho Klug-¡señorita, 7st 71b. (Moore) . .0 Mr. J. G. Hold's ch f Golden FJceco, by Guinea Phobe, 7(>t Tib. (Gorn) .0 Mr. O. E. Hough's bro Protos G rand, by Potomac -Sepia, 7su 121b., carried Sut 81b. (bryant) ,. 0 Mr. J. It Crooku's b o Casuist, by His Lordship Paradox, 7st 12fb. (Trahan) .0 licttinir,- 3 to 1 airst Sunshade, G to 1 agst Casuist, 0 to 1 agst Epicurean! 10 to 1 each agbt Query and Carnival. All the horses pot away tocethcr, except Protos Grand, who was very Blow In lea\lng the post Query was the first to show in advance on the extremo out Bide, but Sunshado Immediately possod lier, the tricolour &howing; prominently in the centro of tho «eld. Turning round the corner Mr. J. Harper's pair, Nectarine and Julian Gray, ran far out and lost their places at tho head of tho field. Trust was the first to show round the turn Into the etrat^Iit, with Carnival nnd Sunshado BO close beside her that they could not bo separat od. Facing towards home Sunshado caine away irora her opponents and took a sound lead. Half-way down Epicurean tried to catch her, but although tho favourite was brought to the whip sho v.on by about half a length, Carnival being third, tt'ree lengths further back, Trust fourth, Teuton fifth, The Dreamer sixth, Casuist seventh, Query next, nnd Protos Grand a bad last Time, 40seo, HANDICAP HURDLE RACE. Of 6 sovs. each, and 200 sovs. and second horse, 50 sovs. Two miles. Mr. H. Conolly's b c Bonnie Lad, by Terror, 4 yrs, 9st, (J. Gardner). . .. " 1 Mr. W. Radcliffe na ch h Distiller, 6 yrs, lOst (M'lvor) .; " .. 2 Mr. M. Loughlln'a bg Huntsman, aged, list lib, (Corrimal .,. ,, ..8 Mr. G. O'Brien's br m Ruby, aged, list. Clb. (King) S Mr. W. Moffatt's b g Oeean, aged, 10st. 61b. (Furgu- son) .0 Mr. tí. Miller's b g Koolyto, aged, löst 41b. (Wat BOD) . ... ..0 Mr. J. M'Grade's b h Tantallsor, aged, lOst 21 b. (C. Malone). .. o Mr. A. F. Bradshaw'* bl li Sinking Fund, aged, Out 121b. (Whalley). ,. ..0 Mr. It Mann's oh h Grattan, aged, Ost. Sib. (M'Lcod). " .0 Mr. J. B. Gill's br g Whalobono, aged, Ost 71b. (Williams) . 7. .. .. 0 Mr. A. Davlos's ch g Louis, ß yrs, Ost (D. O'Brien) 0 Mr. E. Parker's ob h Townley, aged, Ost., carried Ost 81b., (iPOowan).O Mr. li. Alton's bg Sultan, aged, Ost (Batty) .. 0 Betting.-ß to 2 each ajjat Huntsman and Ucean, 7 to 1 agsc Bonnie Lad, 10 to 1 agst Sinking Fund, 100 to S Townley. Sultan wuut away first from tho start, and Sinking Fund draw up alongside him beforo thoy had gone any distance, whilo Whalebone was last At the first hurdle tho order was-Sinking Fund, Huntsman, Ocean, Bonillo Lad, and Sultan. Tho positions wore not materially altered as thoy raced down to tho turn. Sinking Fund had held his placo in thu van, ftiid was tho first into tho straight, with Townley close at his heels. Sultan struck tho first of tho hurdles in tho btraight «harply, and was stag- gered, but kept on his le^s. At the fence opposite the stand Koolyto fell, and shot his rider, Watson, over hU head amongst tho horses, a cheer being raised when ho regained his foct unhurt Koolyto was leading when ho went down, the hardes next behind him Doing Sinking Fund, Townley, Grattan, Sultan, and Ocean. Leaving tho Btraight, Sultan moved up to Sinking Fund again, and tho pair fought for the lead going over tho hill, with Townloy next to them, but as they passed towards the baok again both tho leaders retired temporarily, whilo G rat Lui and Bonnie Lad moved up into tho van. At tho back, as they turned to run down tho railway sido, Bonulo Lad was in front of Grattan, and Ocean was drawing steadily on tho pair, whilo tho light-bluo jacket on Sultan was moving up again. As they got to the mud wall Sultan and Bonnie Lad wero together, and hore Ocoan went down. Hun toman at oiioc moved into third placo, and gained steadily on thu others as thoy turned away from the railway. Sultan, Bonnio Lad, and Huntsman came Into tho straight in tho order named, hut so oloso together that there was littlo to chooso between them. Facing toward homo Huntsman was at on co beaten, aim Bonnio Lad appeared to bo winninireaslly. Half-way down Distiller was brought out, and gained on tho lead ora at every bide, but tho effort was made rather too late, and Bonnie Lad won by a neck, DIstlllor being threo lengths in advance of Huntsman ; Sultan was fourth, Louis fifth, ltuby sixth, Whalubonp seventh, Grattan uoxt, and Ocean (riderless) last Time, 4m, 18s. ' '? BELLING RACE. Of 100 sovs,»- Tho winner to bo sold lor £100. . ' Four .,.,.,. furlongs and a half, . '* Í '* Mr. E. WeoUVs b,m* Cuba, by Gemma di Vergy Peer Maro, .aged, ntl, 7st.l8lb, (O'Brien) j. .. ; 1 Mr. It Leiicû tis b m Mabel Gray, aged, ni j, Tat' îaib. (Bonce) ..*' .. ''..' ./ ' lï 'J.'J 2 Hon.W. ivaraou'sgf MelcagridV,4 y ra, nil, 7st. Oib(Powerh ..... .. .. .V ». 8 Mr. W. S. Cox's, jun., ch g Llddington/.oged, > nil, Bat iib. (Traban), -, K. ..* u .,* i- P, Mr. O. Davis's b f Meerschaum, 4 yrs, nil, 7st Dib.. .* (Williams) .' .0 Mr. J. Harper's b in Isabel, 6 yrs, ntl, 7st 131b. (Tinsley).0 Betting'-G to 4 agst Mabel Gray, 7 to 4 agst Cuba. lsabel was quiekest in getting away at tho start, with Mcteagrlda next, but beforo they had gono 20 longth*, tho favourites, Mabol Gray and Cuba, wero at tho hoad of tho field, tho former loading post tho mud wall, with Meleagrida next to Cuba, and Isabel last Mabol Gray turned into tho straight with a lead from Cuba, and from this point thoro was a Uno race homo between the pair. Cuba always had the best of it, aud won by three-quarters of a length, Moleagrida being third four lengths furthor back, Meerschaum fourth, and Isabel last. Timo, Im. Tho winner was bought in lor 40 sovs. THE CAULFIELD GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLE- CHASE, Of 7 sovs. each, with 850 sovs. added ; second, 60 sovs.; third 25 sovs. About two miles and a half, Mr. M. Loug hi tti's b a Game, by Panic-Edith, aged, l&t.; 121b. (Corrigan).1 Mr. J. L. dough's b g Contingent, uged, Ost 71b. (Allon).2 Mr. J. U Beca ton's br g Terang, aged, lOst 41b. (Carovj.8 Hon. w. Pearson'« b m Lady Ashton, aged, 12at ~" . älb. (M'Culloch) .*, .?. .. .......??." 0 Mr. E. Martiu's b g Nativo, aged, list 101b. (Far. ' gufionl.' .. .. ' .. '..' 0 Mr. S. MiUert g «Tho Irishman, 0 yrs, llst'OIb. ' ? (WatBon).. ... 0 Mr. O. Buckley's b g Wicklille, aged, lOstlllb.1' (Croo) .? ,.i ..p .. .. .'.<-.. 0 Mr. ii. Oxouham's br c Havelock, aged, lOst 81b. (Malone).' .. ..0 Betting-Even on Gamo, 0 to 1 each agBt Lady Ashton and Wickliffe, 8 to 1 agst Terang, 10 to 1 agst Tho Irishman, 100 to 12 agst Contingent. When tho flag wont down Game led away, with The Irishman close at his noels. Crowing tho stand treble the favourite had very much the bama oxperl enoo as at i-lemington, Nativo running down his fouoo Bhghtly and coming into collision with hhn as ho landed. As til ey went past the stand Lady Ashton was in front, followed by Terang, Gutno, Tho Irish- man, and Wickliffe Going round tho turn Ferguson took Nativo up to tho loader.*, showing in front boforo they got to tho fence ou the hill. This jump Btopped Havelock, who was tried several times, but lefused to tako it Aftor passing over tho i hill Lady Ashton ouco moro passed Nativo, and led ' him by four lengths towards thu back of tho oourbO, Terang being next to the pair. When at tho back, and fairly opposite tho stand, Lady Ashton was some throe lengths in advance of Native, who was in turu a length clear of Wickliffe, then catii o Toraiig, The Irishman, Carno, and Contingent Wickliffe draw up to Lady Ashton as thoy passed over tho sod wall, but round tho turn and facing the stand treblo for the second time the maro had still a slijïht lead, tho order of thu horses behind lier being Wickliffe, Nativo, Terang, The Irishman, Game, mid Contingent Gamo slipped in the mud at the first of tho throe fences, and taking off a bit too far, rapped it smartly, this being tho only mistako which hu made in ", tho race. Wickliffe was hi front as thoy went over tho second fonce, and at tho loirs Native struck so sharply that ho carne on his haunches, but Ferguson stuck to tho tad ii le and pulled tho horse on his legs again. Wioklkffa led Lady Ashton, Tho Irishman, Terang, and Carno up to the fonce on the hill, but thh jump, which stopped Havelock In the first round, now brought down Terang. The horso was remounted, hovvovcr, and went after tho field. At tho next fence Nativo carno to grief, and Lady Ashton swerved in considerably, so that Tho Irishman, Contingent, Game, and Wiokitffo, galloping lu the order named, all headed her. At thu back Lady Ashton hit tho fenco and full, but Mr. M'Culloch caught tho maro after a moment and ro* mounted har. Going down tho railway side Contin- gent was taken out for a otear lead, and as they approached tho logs ho showed about threo lengths lu front of Tho Irishman, who was n couplo of lengths in front of Game, whilo Wickliffe was soiuo ten lengths further back. Tho Irishman struck tho wall, and pithced on his noso, giving his rldor what appeared to bo a nasty fall. The samo fence brought down Wickllffo, nnd only Game and Contingent rtere loft for tho finish. The favourite had Contingent entirely at his command, and Corrigan, without riding his boroo, uullopt-d homo tno winner by about threo lengths. Terang und Lady Ashton, who wcro just entering tho straight as tho others finished, raced for till rd place, the tormor gaining it. Timo, oniin. Sfccc, THE BALACLAVA STAKES, Of 100 sovs. Sdoond, 10 sovs. Sovou furlongs. Mr. à S. Agiiow's ch in Poca lion tus, by St Albaus -Miss Jackson, aged, Gst Ulb, (Uorr>) ... .. 1 Mr. W. E. Dukin*» cb li Quintín Mntsep, aged, 8st (Power).2 Mr. O. Uuiibton's hrm Honoy Bco, 0 yrs oragod, including Dlo. penalty, Oat 181b. (Tomlin) .. 8 Mr. Ii. Michaels b h Chuokstor, aged, 8st 71 b. (Stonnoll) .: 0 Mr. J. G. Kcld's ch g Tho Ghost, aged, Sst Ulb. (J. Williams) ." ;;, ° Mr. C. Wilson's b m Gardenia, agod, Sst Sib. (M. O'Brien)., » 0 Mr. G. DavU's b m Camerino, aged, Sst (D. Williams) ."Vo Mr. S. Nathan's ch m Straight Shot, D yrs, 7st, 111b. (Williamson). ... 0 Mr. H. J. Hunter's b o Bridegroom, 4 yrs, 7st 101b. (It. Boneo) .L .., .. ° Mr. T. itennison's b g Moroney, aged, 7st 01b. (St Bacchus).0 Mr. F. Long ns b g Preston, aged 76t Sib. (J. l Brown)., .. .. 0 Mr. J. L. Itellly'sch h Lando, G yrs, 7st, 4lb. (Car- roll) .0 Mr. a. Nathan's b o St Paul, 3 yrs, 7st, carried 7at 81b. (Dohurtj). .. ° Mr. J. Leek's D o Kenneth, 3 yrs, 7st (Stratford).. 0 Mr. J. Powell's b g Western, aged, 7st (Guy) .. 0 Mr. J. Paterson's bl g Black Diamond, agod, Cst 121b. (J. Bonce) .. - .. .. .. 0 Mr. S. Martin's b g Hogmanay, Oyrs, including Bib. penalty, übt. 121b. (Johnson) .0 Mr. M. S. Mackenzie's b t Mia Mia, 3 yrs, Cst Ulb. (Martin O'llriui) . .. 0 Mr. C. Kruahka'a bl c Maori Chief, 4 yrs, Oat lllb., carried 7st (Morris). .. 0 Mr. J. G. Iteul's h g Millstream, 0 yrs, Cat 81b. (Dundon) .0 Mr. J. Scobia's br o St. Louie, 3 yrs, Oat &lb;, (Thompson).".. 0 Mr. J. I. Siqul's bro Protector, 1 yr», Ost. 41b., cirrlLd b»t (1Mb. (Wilkinson) .0 HOIK W. Pi.ai sou's b a Lord button, 3 ¿n, Cst., carried «st 3lh (Churchill).0 Mr. W. S, i;o\'s(jun.)b li Ex-Premier, b yrs, Oat. (Brooks).0 Bttttng.-b to 1 agst I'ocahontas, 0 to 1 a¿bt Ormlonltt, 7 to 1 each airst Straight Shot and Hog« m»nay, b to 1 Agst Quintín ALitsep, 10 to 1 agst Murum-y. All the horses got away on fair terms with each other except Milstream, who on tho extreme outside lost a lut of ground. Camerino showed lu front for a time, but bárdenla 'iincklv headed htr, and «as III front as they went round the bund at the b.ick, mid turned down the railway Uno. In this stretch Honey Bee came out, and .is they passed the sod wau the was clear of everything, Maronov being next to her, and i'ocahontns close up aud going w oil. Honey Beo, next tho ralla, irot first round the turn, with Pootv h on toa and Quintín Motstp oloso at her hecla. They »ero hardly lu tho etralii.it before I'ocahontas dla Íiosod of Honey Bec nnd then tho favourite waa chai« enircd by Quintín Matsep At tiret the latter seemed to bo til ti »inner, but Pocahontag bellin' served by tha light wd^ht, carno aualn at tho finish, and won bj a neck, Doney Ifcâ bclntf third three lonctha further bael;, kenneth was fourth, Camerino fifth, Jtlaok Diamond sixth, Straight Shot so, erith, Marouey next, and Lord button last. Time, lm. 859, ' 