Aii Unmasked Card-Sharper. „ ME STORY OF A YOUSO HAN WHO WAS DETECTED CHEATISO AT A CLDB. They were discussing tho. Jateat ecanlal. ■ A vouDg man of good connections had heap lgnominionaly expelled from a club. Playing in collusion with a professional gambler,, he iiad cheated at cards, and in a few months had won a considerable ram. . - “And has he killed himself?” asked some 0I1“"Bah 1" replied another.- “Do men kill themselves for so little nowadays! It was dif rent in the good old times." “ In tho good old times, as you call thorn, _ said old General Roy, “ tboso who, adopted tho card-Sharper’s profession killed themselves no more than do those-of'the present time. A few exceptions tbsrcjtffty H|ve. been among those who were detected at too. outset. Bat if the.firat attempt sncftededr'thby dia bb they do to-day, they 'quickly‘‘apcrjstoni themselves to their- degradation. Ah, it is; so easy I When respect for his own good natno will not restrain a main at the first slop, it is ,entirely dead within~him, and oven a ecandal will not revive it. By tho way, .1. nan tell you of a curious case in point, where toe hero oifiw' out his brains, but it was -not suioide.. Mo, strange as it may sound, it was not a suicide. Listen • “ • It was some fifty years ago. The press of that time was not the terriblo gossip tna. it is to-day, and sensatianal news never passed certain bounds. Thera w9fcc not fewer soan dals, but the scandals were less known, in fact, I think there was rather more. Not tha. wa were more virtuous, but the fear or pub iioityis certainly a great cheok. . “ Among the elegant young fellows, the gilded youth of thoso days, who furnished the greater part of the soandalous gossip by their eccentrioities and duels, was a young gentle man attached to the. long’s household. I shall call him the-ivicimte ? Balacd. The name was an illustrious one; in fact, the vicomte was tho fruit of3W8'of thoafl mixed marriages introduced by Napoleon I. ral Comte Roland, \7h0sa heavy cavalry chargeB*aro matters of History, had married the daughter of tho Harris deRraneao, a member of one of the wealthiest and most powerful Wliea of Franc?. Hia son was then about twenty- six years of ago. “ati not the robust, plebeian beauty of his father, who had been one of tho handsomest men. in the arifiy. -He was rather the delicate and distinguished grace of his mother, whose idol he was. -Having loved her husband pas ionately, the countess was now wrapped up in hereon. “ The extravagant life led by the eon had oansed a quarrel between the parents. The countess lived in the Bransae Hdtel, one of the finest in tho Faubourg Saint Germain, while tho general, sooluding himself in a little chateau in the forest of Sdnart, passed his time in the pleasures of the chase. They bsv ho had ill-treated his wifo, but it was utterly nnlrua. The fa^t.is that there had been between tho general and hi3 wife two terrible scenes. “ Tho first was caused by an idea which took possession of the countess. She found this name 1 Boland ’ too plebeian for her son, and tormoated her husband to obtain the king’s authority to add to it that of Be Bransae. Tho general energetically refused. “ ‘ My name has sufficed for me,’ said he, ‘ for me who have made it famous. It will do for thia fine gentlemen, my son. If ho does not find it brilliant enough, let-him try to add to its lustre.’ “ The second scene was brought about by the vicomte abducting a ballet dancer, and by a duel and a dsbt which were tho consequences of thia little flffsir. Tho gonoral brought tho son before his mother and roughly* rep-raved-. him for his folly. Instead of supporting' her husband, tho countess mado excuses for her son. Women always are indulgent toward the man in a love cc-wtpe. “ As the general told his son that his for tnno was not sufficient to. maintain such scandalous absurdities, tho countess un happily interjected : “ Oh, ihe fortune of the Do Bransacs will amply suffice for him. “ She had not calculated the effect of* her speech. An hour later the general left the hotel and went to his chateau; at tho end of a weak the family notary informed the countess that her entire personal fortune wa3 at her disposal. The separation was complete, and tho general lived alone on the fifleen thousand francs which constituted the revenue ho received from his own fortune. “ Tho sen made ducks and drako3 of her fortune. At the end of six months the coun tess was half ruined, and the energy of t-bo notary alone saved her from her son’s extra vagances. "All at once it bscamo known that tho vicomto Boland r.o longer belonged to tho king’s household, and that he had handed in his resignation as.lientenant in a cavalry re giment. That is what was given out, but rumours of a different character were afloat. The countess no longer appeared in publio, but confined herself to her hotel. In a few weeks she seemed ten years older. “ The vicomte, after a voyage of somo weeks in Italy, returned to Baris, took apart ments in tho Bug do la Chaussds d'Antin and lived tho life of an idler on the pension of a thousand francs a month allowed him liy Ins mother. It would be little to-dayYbut at that time it enabled a man to make a figure m the fashionable world. Ho passed lii3 time between love adventures, the theatres, and tho green table. Then little by little his elegance and his eccentricities began to be talked abont. Clubs were not an plentiful as they are now, bat the gilded youth and tho gamesters had a few of them where lovers of the green cloth could amuse themselves. "One evening when the Vicomte Boland, after having won a considerable sum from one of hiB friends, offered him--his revenge, 1113 opponent rose, and pushing away the cards, looked at him in a singular manner. ^ “1 Well, no, R^ami,’saidhe; 1 what with^ Chanced himself to the general at mjs chateau. What passed between them I dOs not know. All that is known of tha affair is that they returned together to Paris. “ At eleven o’clock of the evening following that interview, the vicomto was seated at a table playing ccartu. He had ju3t won ten auccessivca games from an Englishman, who, passing through Paris on his way homo, had been introduced at tho club by one of the members. Boland had a considerable Bum before him. Tho loser had just riseD, and before leaving tho table had bowed tbricc, when an elderly gentleman approached iho tablo. " ‘ Will tha Vicomte Roland permit me to take the gentleman’s revenge ?’ “ Tho young man paled. It was his father. “ ‘ As you ore a bold player, I offer you a bold game. It will bo useless for you to soy that it is too high. Bead.’ And the general handed him a note folded twice. “ The vicomto glanced over it, and shud dered visibly. ’“Do you accept?’ . , "He bowed. The general seated himself opposite his son, cut a king, and dealt the cards. He won the first hand. When it woa the vieomte’a deal ho trembled slightly, and a strange light shone in bis eyes; nevertheless, ho played on. The general won again. “ The vicomto rose, pals as a ghost, and in a smothered voice said : In an hour, sir, I shall havo ^acquitted myseli.” " He left the room without another word. “ On the following morning the guardians of the Bois de Boulogne brought in the Ubdy of tho Vicomto Boland. His head was blown to pieces, his hand still grasping the pistol. In a portfolio was fonnd an unsigned scrap of paper, on whioh were the words The loser will hlow out his brains. " The pretended Englishman was an accom plished card-sharper, sent by tho Pidfect of Police. Tha three bows had been tho sign agreed upon between him and the general to indicate that the vicomte had cheated. " Tho game was one for life and, death between father and son. Both were dis honored—the son by his own act, the lather by the son’s. Bnt thio dishonour was a secret, which threatened to become aii open shame. Death could stitlo it—the eon’s death, or the father’3, for the stem old eoldier would himself have disgraced his son had that Bon nnf- Went their trice. The nrios of the gonorol’o RGoreav was his son s life. - -Ttansiaua jrom the French of Edouard Stcbecher. 