THE FAlfc GUBAftJ „— 0 onchid'd. But why V said- 1. " X demanded to see Sir George." "Madame," returned Mr. Kentish, looking suddenly as DiacK as muuuei, ''to drop all fence, I know neither who nor what you are, beyond the fact that - you are not the person whose name you \- have assumed. But be what you please— spy, - ghost, devil, or most ill- judging jester— if you do not immediately enter that house I will cut you to the earth." And even as he spoke he threw an un easy glance behind liim at the/ following . crowd of blacks. I did not wait to be twice threatened ; . I obeyed at once, and with a palpitating . heart, and the next moment the door was locked- from outside and the key with drawn. The interior was long, . low, and quite unfurnished, but filled, almost from end to'end, with sugar cane, tar-barrels, \- :old tarry rope, and other incongruous and highly inflanimable material ; and ndt only was the door locked, but the solitary win dow barred with iron. . " I was by this , time so exceedingly be wildered and afraid that I would have given years. of iny life to.be once more the slave of Mr. Caulder. I still. stood, with my hands clasped, the image of despair, looking, about me on. the lumber-room or Raising my eye3 to heaven, when there ap peared outside the window bars the face of a very-- black negro, who signed to me imperiously to draw near. I did so, and he instantly, and with every mark of fer- ' voi', addressed me a long speech in some unknown and barbarous tongue., " I declare," I cried, clasping my brow, " Fdo not understand one syllable." " Not ? " he said, -hn Spanish. , " Great, great are'the powers of Hoodoo i Her very \- mind is changed ! But, oh, chief priestess, why have you suffered yourself to be shut into this'; cage ?— why did you not call your slaves at once to your defence 1 Do you not see that all has been prepared to mur der you ? - At a spark this flimsy, house will "go in flames, and alas 1 who shall then be the ciiief priestess ! — and- what sliallhe the profit of the miracle ? " "Heavens!" cried I, "can I not see Sir., George! I must, I must, come by : speech of him. Oh bring me to. Sir George !" . And my terror fairly .mastcr- inc my courage, 1 fell upon my knee.v ami began to pray to all the saints,.;. "Lordy!" cffech the negro, A' here they come 1" And his black head was in- stantly withdrawn from the window." " I never heard such nonsense in my life," exclaimed a voice. v ,i . : " Why, so we all say, Sir George,, re plied the .voice of Mr. Kentish ; " but put yourself. 'in my place. The niggers were near two to one. And upon my word, if you'll excuse me, sir, considering the notion they have taken in their heads, I regard it as precious fortunate for all of -us 'that the mistake occurred." _ . i " This is no question of fortune, sir," returned Sir George ; " it is- a question of niy orders, and you may take my word for it, Kentish, either, Harland, or your self, or Parker— or, by George, all three of you !— shall swing for this affair. These are my sentiments. Give me the key and be off." . , . . Immediately after, the keyjurned m th#lock, and there appeared upon the threshold a gentleman, between forty and fifty, with a very open countenance, and of a stout and personal figure. _ "My dear young lady," said he, " who the devil may you be ?" I told him my story in a rush of words. He heard me, from the first, with an amazement you can scarcely picture, but . wlien I came to tfie death, of.. the S.snpra , Mendizabel iii the .tornado lie fairly leaped in the air. _. "My dear child," hecried, clasping me in his arms, ".excuse a man who might be your father. I This is the best news I lrave heard since I was born, for that hag of a mulatto'was no less a person than my .wife. " He sat down upon a tar barrel, as if unmanned by. joy. " Dear me," said he, " I declare this tempts me to believe in - Providence. "And what," he added, "can' I do for you ?" ... . " Sir "George," said I, " I am already rich-; all. that I ask is your protection." - A1 Understand one tiling," lie said, with, great enerary ; " I will never marry. . " I had not' ventured to propose it," I exclaimed, unable to restrain my mirth ; - "I only seek to be conveyed to .Engr land, the natural home of /the escaped " Well," returned Sir George, " frankly I owe you one for this exhilarating news ; besides, your father was of use to me. Now, I have made a small competence in business— a iewel mine, a sort of naval agency, ct cetera, and I am on the point : of breaking up my company, and retiring to my place in Devonshire to pass a plain, old age, unmarried. One good turn de serves another ; if you swear to hold your tongue about this island, these little bon fire arrangements, and the whole episode of my unfortunate marriage, why, I'll carry you home aboard the Ncmorom." I eagerly accepted his conditions. " One thing more," said he;; " my late wife was some sort of a sorceress among the blacks, and they are all persuaded she has come alive again in your agreeable per son. Now, you will have the goodness to keep up that fancy, if you please ; and to swear to them, on the authority of Hoodoo, or whatever liis name may be, that I- am from this moment quite a sacred charac ter.." my father's naRSnvow which fwitt" never break." _ " I have a considerably better hold on you than any oath," returned Sir George, witli a chuckle ; "for you are not. only an escaped slave,' hut have, by .your own account, a considerable amount of stolen property." ' I was struck dumb ; I saw it was too true. In a glance I recognized that these " jewels were no longer mine. With similar quickness I decided that they should be \ restored — ay, if it cost me the liberty that I had j ust regained. F orgetf ul of all else, forgetful of Sir George, who sat and watched me with a smile, I drew out Mr. Caulder's po'eket-book, and turned to the -page on which the dying man had-scrawled liis statement. How shall I describe the agony of happiness and remorse with which l'read it:-.for my victim had not only set me free, but- bequeathed to me the bag of \- jewels. ' _ . - My plain tale draws toward a close. Sir George and I, in my characfenofil) is re- . : juvenated wife, displayed . ourselves arm-- . in-arm among the negroes, and were ' cheered and followed to the place of em- -.barkation. There Sir George, 'turning about,! made a speech to his old com panions; in which he thanked and bade theni farewell with a very manly spirit, and toward the end of which he fell on some expressions which I still remember. " If any of you gentry lose your money," he said, "take care you do not come to rue ; for liVtlie first place T shall- do my . best to liaim you murdered ;-and if that fails, TH hand you over to the law. Blackmail won't do forme. I'll rather risk all upon a cast than be pulled to pieces by degrees. 1 11 rather be found out and hang than give a doit to one man-jack of you."' That same night we got under way, and crossed to the port of New Orleans, whence, as a sacred trust, I sent the hook to Mr. Caulder's son. In a weeks's time . the men were all paid oft, new hands were shipped, and the Nemorosa weighed her anchor for old England. , - A more delightful voyage it were hard to fancy.. Sir George, of course, was not a conscientious man, but lie had an af fected gayety of character that naturally .endeared him to. the young; and it was interesting to hear him. lay out his pro jects for the future, when he should be returned- to Parliament, and place at 'the service of the nation his experience of marine affairs. I asked liim if his notion of piracy upon a private yaclit were Jjot original, but lie told me no. « "A. yacht, MissValdevia," he observed, is a charted nuisance. Who smuggle'? Who rob the salmon rivers of the west of Scotland?. Who cruelly beat the keepers \- it they dare to intervene ? The crews and the proprietors of yachts All I have done is to extend the line a trifle ; and' if you ask me for my unbiased opinion, I do not suppose that I am in the least alone. - In short we were the best of friends, and lived like father and daughter, though I still withheld from him of course, that respect which is only due to moral excel lence. We were still some days' sail from 'Eng land when Sir George obtained from an outward-bound ship a packet of news- . papers, and from that fatal hour my mis fortunes recommenced. He sat the same evening "in the cabin reading the news, and making savoury comments on the de cline of England and the poor condition of the navy, when I suddenly, observed him to change colour. " Hullo !" said he, " this is bad ; this is deuced bad, Miss Valdevia. You would not listen to sound sense, you would send that . pocketbook to that man . Caulder's sonA' , ; .'"Sir George," said I, "it was my duty." " Yo.u are pretty paid for it, at least," says lie ; " And much as-I regret it, I, for one, am done with you. This fellow Caulder demands your extradition." A But a slavej " I returned, " is safe in England." " Yes, by George !" replied the, baro net ; but "it's not a slave, Miss Yaldevia, it's a thief that he demands. He has quietly destroyed the will, and now ac cuses you of robbing your father's bank rupt-estate of jewels to the value of a hun dred thousand pounds." I was so much overcome with indig nation at, this hateful charge and, concern for my unhappy fate that the, genial baro net' made haste to put me more at ease. "Do not be cast down," said he. "Of course, I wash my hands of you myself. A main in my position— baronet, old family, and all that— can not possibly he too particular about the company that he keep's. But I am a deuced good-humored old boy, let me tell you, when not ruffled, audi will do the best I can to put you right. I will lend you a trifle of ready money, give you the address of an excel lent lawyer in London, and find a way to set you on shore unsuspected. " He was in every, particular as. good as his word. Four days later the Nemorosa sounded her way, under .the cloak of a dark'nigiit, into a certain haven of the coast of England, and a boat, rowing with muffled oars, set me ashore upon the beach within astone's throw of therailwaystation. Thither, guided by Sir George's direc tions, I grouped a devious way ; >and find ing a. bench upon the platform, sat me down, wrapped in a man's fur great-coat, to await the coming of the day. It was still dark vjlien a light was struck behind one of the windows of the building '; nor had the east begun to kindle to the warmer colours of the dawnbefore a porter, carry ing a lantern, issued from the door and found himself face to face with my unfor: tunate self. He looked all about him ; in the grey twilight of the dawn, the haven was' seen to be deserted, and the yacht had " long since disappeared;' " Who are you ? " he cried. , : "tI am a traveller," said I; \- "And where do you come from? "he asked. . ' ' ' V . '-I am going by the first train to Lon don,". I replied. . In such manner, like a ghost or a new creation, was I with my bag of jewels landed on the shores of England ; in tliis silent fashion, without history- or name, I' took'my place among "the millions of a new '.country. 