®«ttrtrg flms. WARWICK. St. Patrick’s Day. (Warwick Examiner.) St. Patricks Day in Warwick and district was not allowed to pass by without due honour being done to that saint whose nation ality is much in dispute between Irishmen and Scotchmen. Be his nationality what it may, St. Patrick was fairly commemorated in Warwick on Wednesday. The day was a public holiday, and also a close holiday. Business was suspended, and shopkeepers gave their assistants an opportunity to share in the general festivities. The attractions were both varied and numerous. The an nual St. Patrick’s sports were held in the Queen’s Park, where a large number of people attended ; the ball and banquet was held in the Town Ilall in the eveniug ; sports were held at Emu Vale, a trip to which place and Killarney about 200 persons availed themselves of by the morning train; a cricket match was played at Killarney, between the Alberts and Killarney boys, in which the former were victorious ; and the knights of the trigger had an excellent programme of rifle matches provided for their delectation. The Catholics of the town and district held their annual sports in the Queen’s Park. The day was all that could be wished for, and had the Apostle of Christianity been in the flesh, he would have been highly gratified at the excellence and suitableness of the wea ther for outdoor amusement. At an early hour in the morning the country people were to be seen coming in in numbers, and by about ten o’clock the town presented quite a gala appearance. The stores were all closed. Excursion trains ran, and brought a number of visitors to the sports from all directions. A procession was formed at the Catholic Chapel, and, headed by the members of the committee in a vehicle, and the beautiful banner belonging to the parish, proceeded to the sports ground. An important portion of the procession was the large gathering of school children. They immediately followed the banner, and behind them came the adults and others in vehicles and on horseback. Tire procession must have numbered between tour and five hundred, and the long cortege assumed quite an attractive appearance. Some trouble must have beam experienced in classifying so large a number, but the Rev. Father Horan, who has a peculiar knack of arranging processions, executed his task so as to produce great spec tacular efleet. Arrived at the ground no time was allowed to pass idly by. The football match was the first event, and the competitors got into harness as soon as possible. One or two events lapsed, amongst them the walking match. The entries were numerous, the events well contested. The attendance was as good as we have seen at any sports for some years, with the exception, of course, of the combined sports. The leading residents of the town and district were present in greater numbers than we have seen on previous occasions, and all present seemed to enjoy St. Patrick’s sports. The Rev. Father Horan and the Rev. Father Hughes were as busy as “ nailers ’ all day long, and contributed in a large measure to the facility with which the programme was exhausted. The com mittee indeed had their hands full, and Messrs. Woods (treasurer) and Gorry (secretary) had duties alloted them which brought their ser vices constantly into requisition. The judges, it need not be said, discharged their duties with that impartiality which provoked no complaint. We need not enumerate the names of the committeemen, for when we say of one that he did his best we say it of the lot. The arrangements were complete, and not a hitch occurred to mar the pleasure of the sports. The fair daughters of Erin were present in abundance, and the national colour was donned with a profusion far ex ceeding previous similar occasions. And not alone did Ierne’s fair daughters grace the scene with their presence, but Albion's beauty and Scotia’s modesty were equally as well represented. The number of counter attrac tions militated in some measure against the attendance, but on the whole the gathering was highly satisfactory. The purchaser of the gate had no reason to regret his specula tion, and we are mistaken if he did not make a “ fiver’' or two. The cycling events were a prominent attraction, hut unfortunately the competitors had not the immunity from “ croppers” which they have had heretofore. A couple of nasty falls took place. Evenden came to grief in the first race, and in the second Ransome and King collided, pro ducing a very unpleasant result. King was stunned, and Ransome, for the moment, was knocked “ out of time.” Suffice it to say that they did not remount in the race. The booths were kept by Messrs. 0’IIagan and Talty, and each of them seemed to have a fair share of patronage. Notwithstanding this, Bacchanalians were scarce, and St. Patrick was honoured with becoming tern perance. The sports were in every respect a success, and the committee have the gratifica tion of seeing that their efforts to produce an enjoyable day’s outing were not mis directed. The cycling track had quite re covered from the effects of the late rains, and was in good order. About two o’clock the stewards and friends left the ring for the luncheon room, where Mr. O’Hagan had in readiness a capital repast. The Rev. Father Horan occupied the chair, and Mr. -J. Horwitz, M.L.A., filled the vice chair. After the viands had been fairly dis cussed, the chairman announced that as the day was advanced it would not be advisable to indulge in speechifying, and recommended a return to business. The Town Hall in the evening was the scene of mirth and jollity, the occasion being the St. Patrick’s ball and banquet. The building was neatly decorated with bunting, and the beautiful banner of the parish de pended from the centre of the ceiling, dis playing to advantage an unquestionable work of art. The room was taxed to its utmost capacity, and a number had to act the wall flower ” owing to insufficient room on the floor. Very good music was supplied by two young ladies, who presided at the piano. All present seemed to thoroughly enjoy them selves, and the unanimous opinion was that they had never been at a ball where they spent a more pleasant time. At midnight the company adjourned to the supper room, where an excellent spread was laid out by Mr. J. Clancy. The chair was occupied by the Rev. Father Horan, the vice- chaiis being filled by the Rev. Father Hughes, Mr. J. Horwitz, M.L.A., Messrs. A. Morgan, F. B. Woods, C. Baker, J. A. Gorry, and A. O’Leary. After a fair share of attention had been bestowed on the good things provided, the Chairman proposed the usual loyal toasts, which were enthusiastically received. The Chairman proposed “ His Excellency the Governor,” and in doing so said the toast of His Excellency wans always well re ceived. The next toast, “The Day we Celebrate,” was given from the chair. The Rev. J. J. Horan, in proposing it, reminded his audience that few celebrations were so general, none were more so. He was much pleased to see almost every nationality, every interest—the squatting, the commercial in all its branches, the agricultural, etc.—every shade of political and religious opinion represented in the as semblage before him. It was just sufficiently non- representative to give point to Tom Moore’s poetical reproof :— “ Let Erin remember the days of old, Ere her faithless sons betrayed her.” The celebration, however, came only second in importance just now to the momentous political struggle for self-government for Ireland, which engaged the attention of statesmen and others in every part of the British Empire. Father Horan then entered upon an elaborate defence of the demand of Irishmen for Home Rule, and the following is a synopsis of his remarks : Those who demand Home Rule for Ireland are not the foes but the friends of the unity and prosperity of the Empire. They wish to remove a constant l menace to her peace, and replace it by a strong and reliable rampart. They wish to change the just discontent of the Irish people into a desire to loyally battle with the external foes of the Empire from motives of self-interest. Those who denied Ireland that right were the cause of this national discontent, and they were moreover denying to her that which was asked in strict keeping with the British Constitution itself, which boasts of the Government of the people by llm will of the majority of the people, due regard Doing had for the rights and wishes of the minority. Ireland claims no more. At the late general elections she returned 86 Nationalist members out of 104. Even the black North returned a clear majority of Nationalists. In speaking of the elections the New York Herald of the 19th December says—“ Ireland is practically a unit.” The Daily News advocates Home Rule not only on account of Ireland’s unanimous demand for it, but because, on its merits, it regards it as but fair and as the only solution of the present difficulties, and alleges that Canada, less than fifty years ago, was as troublesome as Ireland is to- day, hut Homo Rule not only saved her but made her a bul wark to the Empire ; whereas fifty years earlier the insane refusal of Home Rule lost us the United States. Reynolds's Newspaper (Radical), 10th January, speaks thus :—“The people of Ireland have voted for self-govern ment in the proportion of eight to one. The Union was never approved by the Irish people. It was carried by fraud, by bribery, and by parliamentary trickery.” If, then, her Parliament was taken from Ireland by such means, and so much against her will, do not Irishmen, in asking it back, merely comply with the very constitution under which England pretends to govern them. From the examples quoted, and which could be in definitely multiplied, it is clear that English men, Scotchmen, Americans, and fair minded men of every country back them up in this demand. Besides, they had it be fore ; it is no mere first trial to grant, it now. The Parliament of England gave Ireland a Parliament of her own in 1782, and the English Premier, Charles dames Fox, declared “the only way to govern Ireland was to please the people of Ireland.” For 700 years England has tried and failed to govern Ireland. Only poverty, discontent, famine, &c.;, resulted. For 18 years Ireland governed herself, and during that period she advanced more than during 600 years of English Rule, nearly doubling her population and commerce. Not only is Ireland denied the right to govern herself, which she proved she could do well and wisely when she got the chance ; not only does England insist on misgoverning Ireland, and daily proving more clearly how eminently unfitted she is for the task ; but Ireland’s 86 representatives are completely overlooked in the House of Com mons, numbering 670 members. The British constitution is overlooked as well, and Ire land is legislated for in keeping with the wishes and interests of less than one-fifth of her population, represented in Parliament by only 18 members. There never existed, t hero could not exist, a more complete sham of con stitutional government. Many honest. men persuade themselves that the impc.riam, in imperio, as they call it, of an independent Irish Parliament within the limits of the United Kingdom, would not only he. unwise but impossible. Such persons "mo.si, sureiy forget that numerous examples of similar independent Parliaments, both inside and outside the British Dominions, prove not only the possibility but the advantage, of such forms of government. book at tin; dual kingdom of Sweden and Norway. Do we forget the petty Swiss Confederation, or the powerful twin kingdom which supports the crown of Francis Joseph of Austria, whii h was saved from being the ghost of unfortunate Poland by grant ing a separate Parliament to Hungary. What of that conglomerate mass of self-governed republics known to tin; world as the United States ? but why multiply outside examples. Let us examine those we liitd within Eng land’s own dominions. Is t his great, southern land of our adoption a whit, the worse of her several independent parliaments? Are not those very parliaments the cause of, and the safeguard to, the very liberty, prosperity, and content which wo enjoy ? Are, separate Parliaments not working similar happy results in the Canadian Dominion? Since, Homo Rule is attended by such happy consequences wherever it is tried, let British statesmen try it in Ireland. Any change from the present form of Government must be for the better. The Irisli people lonely and unanimously call for Home Buie, the British Constitution gives them a right to it, the most eminent English statesmen declare they should get it, experi ence teaches that they would make a good use of it. Wlmt rno^e should be required in order to grant itQ In asking you to drink the toast, I thank those of other nationalities for joining us in celebrating the day, and I trust that when we celebrate next year the sun will be shining on an independent Irish Parlia ment. The Lev. Father Hughes said that to pro pose his toast, “ The Land of Our Birth,” was the easiest task, except to boss the rev. chair man, with which he had been honoured since he became an Irishman. (Laughter). The latter Iw always found easier to leave untried, and the former was “ all over bar shouting,” and over to the satisfaction of even the most patriotic. The national fervour with which his countrymen celebrated that night’s ban quet, the festival of their country’s baptism fifteen hundred years back ; the patriotism which fired their exiled faces on the feast day of their fatherland 15,000 miles distant ; the union of their local representatives of trades, societies, and nationalities, who so heartily bestowed on them their co-operation and j presence, the distances which seme of them had travelled, and the inconvenience which i some of them had undergone to assist them in I honouring the land of our birth, spoke more forcibly the proposal of that toast than could j any living tongue. They could, therefore, drink the toast without one single further re- j mark. For if there should be a “ far-downer” or a German found to disagree with him he j would beg leave while so many fervent sup- ] porters weie present, to say that we disagreed with them, and request them to grant him I (the speaker) that privilege which his neigh- | hour at home granted the Dutchman hurrah ing for that bourne from which few, if any, return. “ Every man for his own country ” was that privilege, and using it they sang “hurrah for old Ireland.” (Great laughter and applause.) Only through fear of de taining the ladies, who after all liked some some other little things in the world better than speeches or patriotism, lie would risk to publish the secret that they all loved Ireland. And if he were to give a reason it would be | this : that whatever they had, not excepting their appetite and their want of wealth, they j brought it from home. For the abundance j of the former and dearth of the latter, few j statesmen conversant with the measures of their Government blame them, they rather pitied the dilemmaed stragglers in the Im perial Parliament, who still “hope against hope ” to continue our supply of both. For their faith they must thank their fatherland, or St. Patrick, or both. Who believed not in either must choose neither, tor on that day one could not be separated from the other. For their valour they looked to Fontenoy, Balaclava, and Inkerman, without fail ; for motives of religion, the persecutions of their ancestors, the blood of their martyrs, the iidelity to a never-changed creed, point their course out. But if there was wanting any other tie binding them to their country it was that of their sympathy with her sorrows, and that sympathy was in his opinion the strongest and closest tie spanning the dividing ocean. Kepi ace “ her plundered homes, her ruined shrines, her woman’s parting cry, her priest hood hunted down like wolves, her country overthrown,” and they would find nothing extraordinary' in Irishmen, except their faith and little less ordinary in Ireland than her own native Parliament. Disunionists were happily growing fewer in that dear old land, as in Warwick," and when the voice of the majority became law, there, as everywhere else, some proud Irishman, whose honour it may be to propose the health of that Parlia ment on next St. Patrick’s Day, God send, would merrily sing :— Deep in Australia’s woods we met, And we ne’er may meet again In the far off land where our hearts are set, And our first fond hopes remain. But ere we leave this festive hall While fades the autumn day, Let’s toast old Ireland, righted Ireland, Ireland, boys, Hurrah ! Mr. F. B. Woods, in responding on behalf of the sons and daughters of Erin, thanked ihem for the enthusiastic manner in which they had received the toast of “ The Land of Our Birth,” so ably proposed by the Kev. Father Hughes. He felt it an honour to be asked to respond to so important a toast, unable as be might be. to do it justice. The I proposer, however, had done his part so well that he had left him little or nothing to say. It was no wonder that Irishmen should love their native land, when even the savage loved ' his country. If he were an Englishman he | should love the chalky cliffs of Britain ; if he were a Scotchman, he would love the grouse mountains and the heather of Scot land ; and as an Irishman he dearly loved Ireland, whose sorrows had endeared it more to Irishmen than perhaps any other country was to its own people. But he hoped that better days were in store for that land, when, under wise legislation, happiness and properity will take the place of her sufferings and sorrow ; and he further hoped that when they would meet again in the hall next year to celebrate St. Patrick’s Bay, they would be able to join hand m hand in drinking the toast of “ The Parliament of Ireland,” the same as “ The Parliament of Queensland,” under the British flag and crown, that crown and flag on which the sun never sets. (Hear, hear). Then Irishmen, like Queenslanders, would be able to make their own laws and pass sucli measures as would advance the interests of their country and bring comfort and happiness to all. He felt proud to see.so many representing different nationalities there that night, as well as on the sports ground during the day, assisting the sons of St. Patrick in celebrating their annual festival. It spoke well for the har mony and good feeling that existed in their midst. He hoped that their annual celebra tions would long continue to be the symbol of national unity and fidelity to their faith, and that Irishmen would ever continue, as now, to live in peace and harmony, with their fellow-men in the colony, whilst cherishing those traditions and memories of Erin, so dear to Irish hearts (hear, hear). Mr. D. M. Camerou proposed “ The Land of our Adoption.” He felt proud at being asked to propose the toast, but before enter ing upon it he must congratulate the Irishmen of Warwick on their sports and ball and banquet. At Allora he understood that several Hibernians were to have gone to Emu Vale that day, but lie did not miss any of the old familiar faces, as they still greeted him. He was almost sorry that Australia was not the land of his birth. He had been in it for over thirty years, and be must admit that it was the finest country in the world. They had freedom here in its best form. The Press was the oniy profession that was manacled. He only wished that Ireland was as free as Australia (hear, hear). They had here in Australia a wealth ot resources equal, ir not superior, to any country in the world. There was a great future in store for Australia, and ere long lie thought he would be safe in saying that it would be the brightest gem in tiie British Crown, ft would be a second United States. He had great pleasure in ask ing them to drink, and drink heartily, the toast of “ The Land of our Adoption.” Mr. J. A. Gorry responded. He felt great pleasure indeed at seeing so many present, and was doubly pleased at the success which attended their sports and ball and banquet. Referring to the toast of the land of our adoption, Mr. Gorry said they had Mr. Dailey and a number of other able men who were a credit to the Australian colonies, who were fit to stand side by side with the leading states men of other countries. Australians had reason to feel proud at the progress their adopted country had made, and ere long he was convinced that the land of their adoption —and the land of his birth—would rise to the ptsition of one of the leading nations of the world. (Hear, hear.) Mr. W. D. Wilson proposed “ The Parlia ment of Queensland.” He did not intend to say much about the Parliament, because his friend, Mr. Horwitz, who represented them, would tell them more on that subject than he could tell them. He had derived great pleasure from being at the sports and ball and banquet, and he was much pleased at the orderly character of the proceedings. He had enjoyed himself very much. Referring to the toast, he said, to use stereotyped phraseology, that the Parliament of Queens land would compare favourably with other Parliaments. Mr. J. Horwitz, M.L.A., responded. He was very much surprised to see the toast of the Parliament on the list at all. Perhaps there might be a reason for it. The only reason he could give was this : When the question of the KilJarney line was brought before the House, a select committee was appointed to inquire into the matter. He i (Mr. Horwitz) was one of the witnesses ) examined, and Mr. Gregory tried to put him through his facings, but he could not baffle him. He gave his evidence in such a way that Mr. Gregory was non-plussed, and the end was that Parliament believed his (Mr. Horwitz’s) evidence rather than accept Mr. Gregory’s idea. He (Mr. Horwitz) believed that a good few people left town that day by the Killarney train, and although some tried to make the sports a failure, and attract persons from the town, he was glad to find that the whole proceedings were a complete success. He did not think that was the use for which the line was built—to take people away from the town. Regarding the line out west, and the via recta, he need not toll them | that he would do his best to have them pushed on as quickly as possible. He believed the plans would be submitted to Parliament | early next session, and approved, so that the first section could be started without delay. It was unnecessary to inform them that Mr. 1 Miles was here a few weeks ago, and had I promised to have plans so far advanced that I they would be able to lay them on the table of the House early next session. They could rest assured that he (Mr. llonvitz) would do all in his power to have these two lines pushed ahead, as they were essential to the welfare of the colony. Mr. C. B. Daveney proposed The War wick Corporation.” It was very well indeed for them to come there once a year and enjoy the hospitality of the Irishmen of Warwick. They were always treated kindly. He need not say that, for Irishmen were proverbial for their generosity. “ The Corporation of Warwick” was a very important toast. _He (the speaker) had got his own particular idea about the Corporation of Warwick. In this fair land, in this continent of Australia, they were laying the bricks—-the foundation of a new world—a world in magnitude and glory. In 150 years’ time those layers of bricks would have risen to such a height that the old world would be altogether eclipsed. Ireland would then he a horse station, Eng land a cattle station, Scotland the top station, and Wales the receiving station. Yes, Aus tralia would verily become superior to any i country at present existing. Theirs was a native-born Mayor—he was a brick of their own manufacture. (Hear, hear.) ! Mr. A. Morgan (_ Mayor; responueu. rue toast, lie said, was not one which admitted of [ a great deal of talk. The history of War wick needed no repetition from him, because I they all knew it as well as lie did. They had ! here in the case of the Municipal Council a specimen of that home rule which was so I much agitated for in Ireland. The principle of homo rule worked well in Australia, and i he did not see why it should not apply to, ' and work equally as well in regard to, other I nations. In speaking of local government in I Queensland, he alluded more particularly to the Divisional Boards Act, which allowed j people the right to manage their own affairs. ! One of the effects of the Divisional Board# Act was to relieve the members of Parliament from a great deal of unnecessary work, and also save them from meddling in affairs which had heretofore led to them being termed “ bridge members.” Another effect was that the Treasury was now in a better position than that of any other colony. While their neighbours were in a slough of despond Queensland was in a satisfactory financial condition. If the system of local government had been in operation in New South Wales, we would not have heard the other day of a deficit of a million and a-balf ; but instead of a deficit there would have been a surplus. Mr. A. O’Leary proposed “ The Grlengallan Divisional Board.” He was a believer in the principle of local government, and lie thoroughly approved of Divisional Boards. They had the privilege of electing their own representatives, and of spending the Kites collected where considered most necessary. Log-rolling was prevented, and the working man had a chance of getting a fair share of the public money. Before such was not the case. Ide Imped the division would prosper under the chairmanship of Mr. E, Morgan.^ Mr. E. Morgan (chairman)responded.. The system of local government as applied to Divisional Boards had been upon its trial for six years, and during that time it was found to work satisfactorily. He was a thorough believer in the system, because it gave an opportunity for the lair and equitable expen diture of the money, ami so long as he occu pied a scat at the Board, lie would use his best endeavours to that end. Mr. C. Baker proposed “ The Caledonian Kindred Association.” At gatherings like the present it was very hard to distinguish be tween Scotchmen and Irishmen. Scotchmen were genuine white men. Mr. W. Allan (president of the Caledonian Society) responded. It had been usual with him since taking up his abode in the district of Warwick to spend St. Patrick’s Day with them. He intended always to do so, and he was sure that he would receive as hearty a welcome as he had that day. He hoped the good feeling which existed between the two societies would long continue, a hope which he had not the slightest doubt would be realised. It was not necessary for them to draw the lino between St. Patrick’s Day and St. Andrew’s Day, for when one was cele brated a similar compliment was paid to the other. The following toasts wore also honoured :— “ The Visitors,” by the Chairman, responded to by Mr. Mahoney ; “ The Ladies,” by Captain Desbois, responded to by Messrs. S. Benjamin and C. E. Hayes ; “ The Press,” by Mr. T. Murphy, responded to by Messrs. Cameron, Morgan, and Holland, of the HIZora Guardian, Argus, and Examiner respectively ; u The Chairman,” by Mr. \\\ . Allan ; and “ The Vice-chairman,” by Mr. C. B. Daveney. The company then returned to the ball room, where dancing was kept up till close upon six o’clock. The gathering was a most enjoyable one, and all present left the hall with expressions of extreme satisfaction. Sports were held at Emu Vale, and attracted a large number of spectators from Warwick, Killarney, Swan Creek, and the surrounding neighbourhood ; the visitors came by train, vehicles, and on horseback, and during the day there were over 500 persons present on the grounds, a very suitable spot about five minutes’ walk from the railway station. The weather was fine and good order prevailed throughout the day. All classes and nationali ties were well represented, and all seemed to thoroughly enjoy themselves. Shortly before 12 o’clock the train from Warwick arrived, bringing a large number of visitors, about 200, including the Warwick Hibernian band and members of the II.A.C.B. Soeiety. The Hibernians were met at the station by the president of the sports (Mr. P. Carinody) and a good many of the leading residents of the district, and bid a hearty welcome. No time was lost, but a procession was quickly formed, headed by the hand and other members of the II.A.C.B. Society, and the whole assemblage then marched over to the sports ground. Here everything was in readiness, and the proceed ings were commenced without delay, opening with an Irish jig. The programme provided was a very liberal one, consisting of twenty two events, everyone, of which was contested. A good deal of interest was taken in the sports, some or tne tootracing and jumping causing a dual of excitement. The decision of the judges gave general satisfaction. To the untiring efforts of the secretary (Mr. Logan) and Messrs. Carmody, Cawley, All man, Healy, Ilall, Richardson, Connolly, Mitchell, and others largely depend the satis factory manner in which such a lengthy pro gramme was gone through. The hand played at intervals during the day ; a tiddler was also present, and played to the various dances on the programme, and dancing was entered into with spirit by both sexes during the luncheon hour in a building on the grounds ; and a song was sung by a Warwick gentle man in good old Irish style, which was loudly applauded- At 4 o’clock sixteen of the events were gone through, when the excursionists made way to the station, highly pleased with the day’s enjoyment, which will long be re membered by both the visitors and the resi dents of Emu Vale. A splendid spread was provided by host Horne, and the visitors were invited to partake of it. After the inner man was satisfied the usual speechifying was indulged in. Mr. P. Carmody occupied the chair. The following is a list of the toats “ The Queen and Royal Family,” proposed by the Chairman ; “The day we celebrate,” proposed by the Chairman and responded to by Mr. J. Healy ; “The Land of our Birth,” proposed by the Chairman and responded to by Mr. J. Cant well ; “ The Officers of the H.A.C.B. Society,” proposed by Mr. Cawley, and responded to by Mr. J. Ramsay, P. Connolly, and J. Allman ; “ Our Scotch and English Friends,” proposed by Mr. Healy and responded to by Messrs. T. Hall, R. Alexander, and others ; “ The Chairman,” by Mr. J. E. Wallace. The com pany then returned to the sports grounds. 