U-lovcUst. PUT ASUNDER OB LADY CASTLEMAINE'S DIVOECB. CHAPTER LL.—Continued.) AUTHOR OF " HIS ONE MISTAKE," " THROWN ON THE WORD," "A STRUGGLE FOR A RING," "A BITTER ATONEMENT," ETC. " It is.not my fault; I have written to you I have &Bked; you to come and see me. I have asked i£ I could not Bee you in London— " I see no one 1 I go nowhere," said Lord Castlemaine, hastily. " Now I look at you, I think yoa are a little changed, too, Isabel. 1 ' " I wonder I am not altogether changed, when my heart has grown sick with care and sorrow. I could no longer endure my anxiety about you. I fancied you might be dying hero alone. So, without saying a word to any one, I came here. I took a lodging at the organist's cottage, and finding you were at the abbey, I came over to see you—to urgeyou to do what ycu should do." " And wh&t; should I do ?" " You should forget your past; you should shake off your-gloom and make a new life in the future. A man in your position owes duties to his country and society.. It may be hard for you to come back, but it seems to me you are untrue to yourself and to your race when you ehut yourself up to brood and die. Eefurnto public life, return to social life; you can yet find happiness and- be useful." Lord Castlemaine shook his head. " There are enough to do the public work you speak of. Society does not need me, and I am devoting myself diligently to the ca# ol my tenantry, to the improvement of 7 the laboring classes, and progress of education in the country. For the rest I am a broken man." "I know—I know," cried Isabel, "an apathy posseses you. I want to rouBe you from it. You have given up everything. Even in the matter of divorcs the case is at a standstill." "There will be no divorce," said Lord Castlemaine, slowly. " And why not ? Given that, you would be free of the past, and once more be happy. Gertrude certainly fled from you." " I think possibly in that act she was suffering from mania or hallucination, and to secure a divorce on that .ground would be persecution." " You make me angry, angry for your sake 1" cried Isabel. "You were the one wronged and persecuted from the beginning. Oh, Gertrude was never worthy of you. It makes my heart ache to see you clinging to a memory \- of a love that at best was an illusive fancy. .When given the joy of being your wife, her heart was not great enough to appreciate her place—Bhe scorned your happiness, trampled on your wishes. At laet I have felt it my duty to try and rouse you from fruitless grief by telling you that your idol was always and only clay." "Don't Hash, Isabel!" entreated L'.rel Castlemaine. " I can now remember nothing that once angered me; I only recall her as my Jovely and loving wife, with whom I was and might have always been so happy if I had not been too harsh and hasty." "You harsh and haEty 1 You wrong yourself, and you are all wrong about her. Gertrude was not loving—she was a spoiled, capricious beauty. Can yoa not see it yet? She had been trained "by an ambitious mother, and her pride was gratified at her sudden and easy conquest of the Earl of Castlemaine. Bat hers was a fickle fancy, and an inordinate vanity. She was born a coquette, and desired to see all men at her feet. To conquer Colonel Lgnnox, who had been victorious over so many hearts, was her pride, and to indulge that pride she would scorn your love, shame your honour, mock your commands. Oh, after all this, can you love her-etill V' " Miss Hyde, you were her friend!'' "Hers? I was your friend. I knew you first; and when I met her I read her well; I understood your infatuation; I tried to warn you; and when I could not save you, I set myself to the task of making her more worthy of you. I tried to rouse her pride in your lofty name—her respect for your lineage; I tried to Ave her from herself and her follies; I thought if I were with her I could prevent ""her from committing errors—could help mould her tastes to yours—could prevent collisions between you. I eet my whole heart on saving you from shame and disgrace, and I have failed." < Lord Castlemaine looked' up slowly; he spoke quietly, j "Isabel, answer me. You saw Colonel \- Lennox.of ten; you saw. him when he lodged at the organist's. Tell me, why aid you meet him as you did?" Isabel had not thought that this was known. She knew nothing of the poacher, long since happy in Canada. But, nothing daunted, she made prompt reply: " Why did I ?! Can you not see that, like all my other acts, it was for you ? I did not care for Colonel Lennox; I disliked him; he was too great a tontrast to you. He disliked me. When I found that I could not prevent Gertrude's mad {folly in attempting a conquest of him, and proving to you how little weight your authority had, I was so desperate in my zeal to help you, to save you from all this that has fallen on you and wrecked your life, and is ending j your life in darkness, and depriving your country of your aid-; to hinder that, when Gertrude would not listen, I tried appeals to Colonel Lennox. I appealed to his honor to go away and tempt her no longer; I told him she was playing with him, find making a jest of him; and with him, as with her, I failed. Bat it was for you, not for them ; I did it all for you." " I cannot understand you," said Lord Castlemaine, uneasily. " Look back. Hemember those early days of our friendship; the winter before you met Gertrude; who was your friend then?. ;.Was not I the one you sought? Wew^pe'not oftenest together ? Who so well as I could share all your aspirations, understand your plans, sympathise in your pride of a noble race? Did we ever disagree? Whose talk interested you as mine did ? Had I not more ambition for you than you had for youreelf ? Did I not urge you to give yourself to politics, to become a power in the country ?" " We were indeed warm friends," said Lord Castlemaine. " And I was worthy of your friendship: and I am one who will give a friendship unreservedly, and not limit its display. I desired your happiness; and when your infatuation for Gertrude made it impossible for me to give you happiness, except through her, then I devoted myself to trying to make her worthy of you, to warding danger from your home; and I failed. It was not my fault that I failed. If your happiness had been in my hands primarily, you never would haveknown any sorrow." " I did not understand Gertrude. I should have made allowances. She was young, inexperienced, indulged. If I had been more tender, less dictatorial, had left her less alone in society, had daily won her-confidence more gently ! Oh, I know my own errors, when it is too late 1" " That i3 madness 1' said Isabel, restraining her voicp, but her soul was in a turmoil of jealous fury at his words. " There never was a man so deceived. Did she try to gloss over your faults, or what she called your faults? Did she not make a jest of your honest pride of race? The stories of the house of - Castlemaine were her theme of sarcasm. She despised you because you were given to pursuits of peace. Men of war, like Colonel Lannox, were her heroes, as redcoated soldiers are heroes of bar-maids. She accused you of pride, of tyranny; she loved to vex you. When she had grown weary of Colonel Lennox, she would have amused herself and tortured you by flirting with some one'else." " You are wrong. I am sure you misjudge her. And, at all events, remember she is yet my wife." " I do not wish to remember it. Break "that tie. which is now virtually null and void. Take up a new life; marry some" one worthy of you; make a tour of the world, and in two or three years Upturn; open these closed doors; fill your house with hospitali- , ties worthy of your race; take your plscs in Parliament; become a power in your country; live up to your rights as E irl of Castlemaine." "It is impossible! Mine is a heart that loves but once. Whether Gertrude loved me as I did her, I cannot tell. To her my least though-; was true. Beside her no other woman looked lovely or desirable. Even if she had really fled with Colonel Lennox; and I had secured a divorce, it would not have been to marry again. I should have lived in the memory of my loBt love and my lasting woe." Isabel Hyde suddenly bent her head on the table near which she sat,.and burst into a passion of sobs and tears. Lord-Castlemaine remembered what Lady Craven had told him of Miss Hyde's evident interest in himself. Even his heart,apathetic now to all words of love, told him that M»'ss Hyde had now spoken to him of more than friendship. He knew not what to say ox do. He sat in silence until her stormy emotion had worn itself awajs "Miss Hyde, I am grateful to you—gratefql for sympathy, for past friendship, for present interest—but all your remonstrances must fail to change my course, or animate my iheart to any hope of happiness. Let me remind you that you are yet a young, beautiful woman, with your fortune before you. Grateful as your kindness ia, I cannot accept it at the price of embarrassment to you. In your kind sympathy for me, and for my wife, you forget—what your Aunt Cresson would not fail to recall—that you aTe too young and beautiful to come here without a chaperon. We must part; my, sadness grieves your kind soul; and your friendly interest in me makes it hard for me to reject your counsels, as I unalterably must. Will you not aUow me to accompany you through the park to the < Nuns 1 Gate,' whVre we shall say goodbye?" He rose. Isabel rose also. She pushed back the disordered hair from her heated brow. She looked into his face. " Say good-bye ?" she faltered. " Yes, Isabel. Good-bye is all I. can offer, for even friendship, now." " Good-bye—and forever ?" "Forever 1" "Ob, Lord Castlemaine 1" cried Isabel, holding "out her hands to him. " Lord Castlemaine !—Badolph 1 will you never care for me?" Ambition, pride, selfishness, many evil passions were in Isabel's feeling for Lord Castlemaine; but there was also love, real love, and that love thrilled in that passionate cry. It was one drop more in the ccp of Lord Caetlemaine's bitterness. He was chivalrous toward women. He had really been & friend to Isabel Hyde, though he had often thought her a singular girl, and her manners had many times puzzled him. He knew by hard experience how terrible a thing was love outraged, unreturned. Bat her cry fell coldly on a dead, Bhrouded hfeart. He held out his hand gravely. " Come, Isabel, we must go; we must part. It is only one more of the hard things in our fate. " Go, and forget me." " I cannot—I will not forget I " said Isabel. " Remember," said Lord Castlemaine,« that whether she is living or dead, my heart was unalterably given to Gertrude." And he led her beyond the " Nuns' Gate,' CHAPTER LXI. " I SHALL NEVJEE RETURN. If Gertrude Castlemaine had been a criminal, flying from justice, making every effort at concealment, she would probably have been discovered long before. As she proceeded on the Dover'boat, at Calais, and afterwards, in a perfectly quiet, ogen, matter-of-fact way, no one had had particular attention called to her, and no one, when inquiry was made, was able to identify her. Colonel Lennox and Isabel sedujously kept the secret about the carriage—the colonel, because his discomfiture, if known, would have" made him the lasting butt of jest; Isabel, because her action in the matter would have ruined her with Lord Castlemaine. The carriage-driver had not only been well paid by Gertrude for silence, but that night's work was his last driving in England: he had already secured his passage as an emigrant to Australia. The theory of the pursuit had been that Gertrude had gone by care, or on foot. No one imagined that she had caught the Dover boat that very night. The stewardess of that boat was called next day into Belgium, to a dying mother; and the fact that at Calais Gertrude had covered her hat and face with a thick tissue veil, and carried her cloak on her arm, with only its white lining visible, had completed the slender chain of events which diverted pursuit, especially when that pursuit dated all its inquiries at least twenty-four hours too late. That very week of Isabel's painful visit to Neath Abbey, Dr. Eandal and Mr. Grimheld met there to consult with Lord Castlemaine, " I have concluded my personal visitation of every public and private institution for the sick and the insane in the Uoiled Kingdom," said Dr. Iimdal; " I have conversed with the attendants, and looked over the records ; I have examined the burial records of every pariah in England; ana I cannot get the faintest traoe of your wife." "f>ar agents ia Scotland Yard have come on no trace, and seem hopeless of success," said Mr. Grimheld. " It is, as I told you at first, Lord Castlemaine; we must make more of the press—of advertising." " I had enough of the press, dragging my family efiairs to light, when that paragraph about the divorce, in Truth, turned all ejea and all tongues on my unhappy wife." " Bat ycu must consider how great interests are at stakp. You may have a wife—possibly a child. You must find them. I! you have a child—a son—that child is the heir to your estates and titles. He would no :7 -be nearly a year and a half old. He may be living in pauperism; or as a foundling. Every week pasted,dims recollection otevents, and makes discovery more difliault. The finding cf-your child, if it exists, is of instant importance. If yon marry agaio, and have a son, hia possession of title and estates would be always jeopardised by the possible existence of an elder son. Besides, not knowing whether Lidy Castlemaine is alive cr dead, you cannot marry—unless, indeed, you conclude your suit for divorce, which you might possibly obtain." " I shall never conclude the suit; and I shall never marry." " Then, unless you find your child, if one exists, what is to become of your title and estates. Yours ia a long line to end so miserably." "And what course do you wish me to take?" Advertise through the polfcs of the entire United Kingdom, by printed slips, carefully describing Lidy Caetlemaine's appearance and date of departure, giving no name but mine as address. Advertise in ail the papers of the kingdom, by slip3 addressed to 1 Gertrude,' asking her to return, or give information, and pledging that her demands Bhall be gratified on every point—that she shall have all her own wav. Advertise also in Italy, in Germany, and France." # " Do anything you like," said Lord Castlemaine. " Advertise as you like; but I know if Gertrude yet lived I ehould have heard from her. Could she have endured loneliness like mine? - ' • "You forget," said Doctor JUndal, "she may have a child. That would very largely console her, and fill her heart." "But there is no need for her silence. She knew I loved her." " Answer me a few questions," said Doctor Bandal. " You were jealous of Colonel Lennox, and accused her of various follies ?" " Unhappily, yes." © "She seemed greatly terrified, overwhelmed, distressed ?"' " Yes." "In your anger, you threatened separation or divorce ?" " Yes, yes ; I have admitted all that." "Do you not know that if she had remained, and you had demanded separation or divorce " " I would not have done so,"" interrupted Lord Castlemaine. " P/obably not, when the whole facts were before you. She did not know that. SJie thought you meant it. I say, if you had carried out your threat, and Bhe had had a child, especially if a son, you would have had custody of your heir. There is nothing like maternity to sharpen a woman's perception of results, of facts. Uaused.to any business, as Lidy Castlemaine was, the mother instinct would have shown her her danger of being deprived of her baby. If she had some slight mania, aa I apprehend, that would have intensified her terror of such loss—her expectation of it. A mother will do anything to retain her child. If Lady Castlemaine is living, and keeps Bilent, it is because she fears you will claim custody of her little one." "But what am I to do ?" cried Lord Castlemaine, rising, and pacing his library in disorder. The idea of Gertrude hiding in loneliness, terror, poverty, to conceal that beloved child, so precious in his thought, drove him frantic. " Advertise, as Grimheld suggests, in England, Scotland, France. Address 4 Gertrude.' Tell her, her child shall not be interfered with; she Bhall make her own terms. Also, fee the French police heavily enough to set them searching for any stray English lady, fair and young, with a young child. France is near; your wife spoke French fluently. As we have failed in England, I look to France. France, too, is the land where she could live longest on the sale of her jewels." " Bandal is quite right," said Mr. Grimheld. A tap-at the library door. - " The mail, my lord," said Jenkins. Lord Castlemaine took the letters, and mechanically turned them over. He started back at sight of one, and dropped it, with an exclamation. It was from Egypt, in the large, peculiar script of Colonel Lennox. At first Lord Castlemaine felt as if he could not open it—as if one of his fiends must break the seal; Taen he gathereahimself together, because there might be something under that cover which no eye should see but his own. He withdrew tc an alcove, and opened the envelope, with a trembling hand. It was dated at a military hospital. It ran thus: " LORD CASTLEMAINE : — We have been enemies; but when life reaches its end, enmities are forgotten. 1 write to do justice to your wife. I never meS a lady whom I admired as I did'Lady Castlemaine. She was as good as fair. There was nothing in her intercourse with me to which any husband could object, except that she tolerated my society, and that was because she did not know my character. All my association with Lady Castlemaine—all our meetings— arose not from her will; she was invariably betrayed into my company by her friend, who deoeived us both. I should say no more. Where, your wife went, and why, I do not know. Ask Miss Hyde —she k. ows. LENNOX." "Oh, Gertrude! doubly injured Gertrude-I" cried Lord Castlemaine. " We must find Miss Hyde, and question her," said Grimheld. " I will telegraph to Lady Cresson to obtain her address." * * * * * * The day after that bitter interview with Lord Castlemaine, Isabel entered her aunt's dressing -room, in Lady Cresson's countryhouse on the banks of the Thames. "Isabel," said Lady Cresson, sharply, "you told me you were going to Miss Allerton's. I had a note from her yesterday. You have not been there. Where were you ?" Isabel was silent. " I insist upon knowing—I have a right." "Yes, you have a right," said Isabel, boldly. " You are to take me to Lady Gordon's country-seat, and I have two gorgeous dresses up stairs, witnesses of your right. I was at .Neath Abbey, to see Lord Castlemaine." "Heavens, Isabel 1 What madness ! And you with a proposal from Lorl Stuart Douglas 1" "I have not accepted him, aunt." Lady Cresson threw up her hands and eyes. " Isabel, you are twenty-four! You havp been five seasons put! You have refused two or three offers, but have had no good offer? till now. Now, by extraordinary, marvellous fortune, a fine- looking man, of your own age, heir presumptive to the Earl of Dunedln. proposes, and—you say you have not accepted him I You go to see Lord Castlemaine 1" " I went." said Isabel, hard and bold, "to see for mysel; whe'.her there was any hope that Lord Castlemaine would finish Ins divorce case, and make an offer to me." " Horrible ' Monstrous I Outrageous I" groaned L^dy Cresson. Isabel proceeded steadily : " There is no such hope. He will not get a divorce. He will not marry again. He is still the slave of that white-faced fool who left him." " Hush I Your language is scandalous." " I went to him, aunt, because for more than four years 1 have loved him—because I am mad about him. I tbiuk I would rather take Rudolph Castlemaine, without title or estate?, than one of the princes of theT royal blco.V "The princes and Lord Castlemaine are equally cut of your reach." "Isftsit. Compose yourself, Aunt Cresson. I told Lord Siuart Douglas that ha should have my answer at Lidy Gordon's, n;xt Thursday. I shall accept him. I shall have a little title, a prospective coronet, a fortune, three hanflaome estates, an amiable husband, who marries because his uncle orders him to do so, and who.likes me as well as any one. B2 sure, aunt, the beile ol five seasons appreciates h?r good fortune. • At all events, I shall not make a scandal, and leave my husband, as Gertrude Craven did." " Ob, fceavens! And you are to ba presented on Thursday to the Earl of Duneddin I " Thursday had come. Scene—Lady Gordon's country Feat in Kent, thronged with guests. Eavied of all, is Isabel Hyde. After five seasons she has captured a prospective earl I Lord Stuart Douglas is a tall, jolly, noisy, red-whiskered, florid, honest young Scotchman—not very sentimental, but heartily admiring his fiancee. The Eirl of Daneddin has come, and is to ba presented to his future niece. Isabel is on the arm of Lord Steward Douglas ; Lady Gordon has the earl's arm, Lady Cresson is elate. The fire meet in the great drawing-room, and there are many there to see. " Uncle, allow me to present the future Lady Douglas." Suddenly a black cloud rests on the face of the old S jotch earl. His extended hand stops half way; his cold, blue eyes fixed on Isabal in a ferocious glarf. " This lady your future wife, Douglas ? " " Yea, uncle; and you are an admirer of beauty—datk beauty " " I never forget a beautiful face once seen,' said the e*rl. still glaring at Isabel. Then : " Lady Gordon, may we withdraw to a more private room ? ". The five are alone in the library. " Migs IsebJ Hyde," says the earl, in the voice of a jadge, "carry bask your mind to the latter part of September before last—almost two years ago. Think of the Redmoss station." " She was visiting Lady Castlemaine at Neatb," cried Lady Cresson. The earl waved his hand, and proceeded solemnly: "At Kedmoss station, after midnight, yoa entered the train for London. The thirdclass cars were oat of thequestion; the secondclass were pretty well filled; two first-class cars were paid for a3 private. You entered the other, where there was one traveller, in a cloak- You wefce not alone; you were with Cohmel Lennox, and I was that traveller. You went to London. You and Colonel Lennox left the train together; you entered a cab together. B ifore I secured a cab yours was out of sight. It was before four o'clock, a very dark morning, and—the character of Colonel Lennox is well known." Lord Stuart Douglas, w?th flaming eyes, had dropped Isabsl's hand and stepped back. Lady Gordon looked scorn and dismay. Lady Cresson was pallid, and dropped into a chair. She cried: " Sir, ycu are mistaken I" " I am not mistaken. I could swear to her. I saw her for over an hour. I heard her voice. It was she I " " I only met Colonel L?nnox by accident at the station 1" cried Isabel, breathlessly. "I missed an earlier train. If you had followed the cab you would have seen that I went to the Westminster Hotel, and he to his club." " You can never explain or excuse a lady of your age and position wandering alone at night with Colonel Lennox. The wife of my heir must bs without rf proach. Lady Gordon, allow Douglas and myself to take our leave; , it will cause less talk-' They departed. Lady Gordon looked at aunt and ni r ce. "Dear Lioy Cresson, you have my sympathy. This is terrible! But my home is full of friends—young ladies, too " "I understand you." said Lidy Cresson. " If you will order a carriage, I will at onae remove my niees."' They were in the car. "Isabel,cai-.l Lidy Cresson, "Iwill see you again. You understand, you can enter London society after this. Go and hide your head 1" They parted at the Junction—Lady « for London; Isabel apparently for teabel passed Wo stations. At the th 1 -ft the car, and waited for another tra She had made up her mind. She tiould throw herself on the mercy of Lord Castlemaine. She would tell him that she had been sacrificed in her effort to save his wife, for his sake. In recklessly undertaking to lead Colonel Lennox away from Gertrude, she had destroyed herself. All hope was lost now hut in Lord Castlemaine. She would go and boldly plead her love for him. Even if that failed, in what would she be worse off than HOW? CHAPTER LXII. HOW THE DEEAM CAME THUS. Shut up alone in her first-olass carriage, Isabel Hyde suffered an anguish as of lost souls. Fury against herself, remorse, not repentance, seized her. How easily she might have prevented this horrible end 1 On that fatal night, when she had meant to betray Gertrude into flying with Colonel Lennox she had madly lost all by going to London in his company. She could have remained at the cottage, bribing the woman to silence. She could have gone to a hotel at Redmoss, and left alone in the early morning train. In her confusion and wrath because Gertrude had overthrown all her plans, Bhe hurried to London in the same carriage with Colonel Lennox and allowed him to escort her as far as the hotel. True, she had entered the hotel alone; she had given a feigned name; breakfasted* alone, and gone home by that afternoon's train. London had been empty of society people; no one reoognized her; she supposed that escapade dead and buried. Now it had come come up like a ghost to break her engagement with Lord Douglas, which was making a nineday's wonder at her amazing good fortune. Lady Gordon would be obliged to explain to some extent. Lord Douglas would feel himself obliged to explain. Her aunt had finally cast her off. Her family would be farious at -her folly, and the wreck of her prospects. The glories of Douglas and Duneddin grew on her as they vanished out of her grasp forever. She was taking her last chance. Her one hope was in the help, the chivalry, the blindness of Lord Castlemaine. To him she hastened, flying with all the speed of steam through the waning summer day. * * » Lord Castlemaine and Doctor Randal were uneasily pacing the terrace. Lord Castlemaine had sent his dispatch to Lady Cresson. His one hope lay now in wresting the truth from Isabel Hyde. Every hour seemed a year, until he could get on the track o! his vanished wife. Up the long avenue dashed a horse, covered with foam, and ridden by a man looking like a public house hostler. Man and beast were breathless, and covered with dust. The rider held out to Lord Castlemaine a slip of paper, rumpled and soiled, torn from a note-book, and.hastily written upon with a lead pencil. Lord Ctstlemaine snatched the paper and read the lines: " Terrible R R. accident, five miles beyond Rgdmose. A lady in first-class car seriously injured. She is in a state cf extreme anxiety to see you. Come at once. She cannot live out the night." Lord Castlemaine reeled back against Doctor Rmd&l.; < : Doctor Randal, it is Gertrude!" " Who is the. lady ? Have you nothing else?" shouted Dr. Randal. The man was still fumbling in his pookets. He found the object of his search and handed it over—a card. " It was ia her pocket," he said. On the card was: "ISABEL HYDE/' "Man!" shouted Lord Castlemaine. did you see her ? Was she dark ?" " I don't know—yes—I saw her—yes, she was dark and handsome. It is her spine, my lord. She is quiet, and don't suffer; but she is goin' fast. You'd better hurry yourself 1" " Horses 1 horses!" roared Lord Castlemaine ;." the two fastest horses 1" The grooms sprang about in the stables, and in five minutes two swift, blooded horses, impatient for the road, were ready for Lord Castlemaine and,Dr. Rindal. They-leaped into the saddles, and were away like the wind. The sun had eet; the moon had risen; the world was still in the balm and dew of the summer night; the insect* whirred and chirped ; softly from the distant woods called the sad whip-poor-will, or chanted the nightingale ; and still over the broad, hard road thundered the feet of the horses, as Lord Castlemaine and his friend went to her who was dying in her wasted youth, and so unfit to die. . They reached the place at last—the turn in the road where there had been a collision. Gauge—a neglected switch. More remote cause—a switch-tender aBleep. Still more remote cause—a human being overworked for seven days in the week; given a pittance; shortened hours of rest; lengthened hours of labor. Treated as a man? No ; as a machine. Well, the m&ohme; breaks down ; the man falls asleep. Asleep ? Bather into coma. Who is to blame ? Some one is to blame. See this wrecked train; see all these dead bodies The jury will blame and punish the switch-tender. High Heaven will blame the company who overworked him; and this blood and his blood will be required at their -hands. Here is the cottage where Isabel Hyde has been carried. A couch has been drawn into the centre of the room, made as easy as possible, and on it lies Isabel Hyde, the shadow of death already quenching the fire of her great black eyes, and smiting the lately splendid color from the cheek of society's Red Rose. Lord Castlemaine and Dr. Randal entered. " Isabel," said Lord Castlemaine, bending to take her hand, " Heaven only knows how grievedl am io see you like this i" " You will be sorry about me, Lord Castlemaine ?" said Isabel. " Yes; words cannot tell how I shall grieve that you die so young and so suddenly. " And you will stay with me until I die ?" " Yea, Isabel." " It is more than I could have expected; and it is better. What was there lefc for me to live for ?-' said Isabel. The women of the house withdrew. Doctor Randal went out and spoke with the doctor who was attending the injured, then returned and made some elightr examination of Isabel; more was not needed; her fate was on her face. . - ^ " Miss Hyde, do you know your state ?" " Yes, I know," said Isabel. " And what can I do for you, Isabel, now or hereafter ?" said Lord Castlemaine. " You can listen to what I have to say," said Isabel. " I sent for you for that. I shall shock you, Lord Castlemaine; but do not leave me for that." " I will not leave you. I have promised." " Say, before I begin, you forgive me.'' "I—forgive you," said Lord Castlemaine. " Think back to when we firet met. I know you liked me; you liked me better than all th6rest; I saw it. At .first I acted toward you merely as ambition, and Aunt Cresson's orders to make a good match dictated. But I grew to love you. I, who had never oared for anyone, whose heart was cold to parents, brothers, sisters, friends, I loved for the first time, and I loved you—oh, how madly 1" "Hush,hush, Isabel!" said Lord Castlemaine, deeply pained. "It is too late to mind now," said Isabel. " Let me go on. You never spoke or acted love, but there was no one you preferred, and I hoped—until you met Gertrude, and 70U loved her at once, when you had known \e so long I ' I tried to win you away, but u unheeded my efforts to charm ycu; you r . :e not to be won. I hoped to the last— oped until I stood first brides-maid at your ' wedding, and there I swore to part you—at any price." "Isabel! Isabel! are.you mad?" cried Lord Castlemaine. " This is the hour of truth. I pretended strong friendship for you both. It was love for you, hate for her." " My poor Gertrude!" moaned Lord Castlemaine. " She was wax in my hands; so were you. I made the little quarrels between you; I made you jealous, and roused her pride, and made her headstrong. I introduced Colonel Lennox to her. I told her you were meanly jealous, and that he was the best of men. I planned meetings for them, sending him word wherever she should be, and she .never knew it. I forced them together. I saw he loved her; she never dreamed of it. J asked him to lunch at your house; I arranged the tableaux! I telegraphed him 4o meet us at Bath. I goaded her constantly, to resist you. I read to him, and loaned him all her letters from Neath. I told him to follow me to Neath, and he should see her. I planned meetings jyhich were surprises to her; and I tried in vain to rouse in her love for him. She was his friend—only that—just as cool and calm to him as a woman of snow." "Oh, Gertrude, my darling! my injured darling 1" wailed.Lord Castlemaine. " Gertrude fariously resented the hour when he passed beyond calm, respectable friendship into a plea for love. She resolved never to see him again. He wrote her—the only time. In her distress she burned the letter, fearing your jealous rage. It was to me she told your threat of separation, your order to go to Eastdale. It was I who painted to her the disgrace of separation. I told her you would rob her of her child. I planned to fly with her to France. I told her we could, hide in the South of France until you came to her terms. I had hired the carriage, brought it to the ' Nuns' Gate.' I put the glove, picture, and handkerchief of Colonel Lennox in her room. I took her to the carriage. I had arranged to leave it on a slight excuse, have Colonel Lennox silently take my place, and go with her to Dover—to Calais—before he revealed himself. I knew a flight with him would never seem innocent, and you would divorce her. I w hoped you would turn to me. I cannot tell how it was—I had led, ruled Gertrude all along—at the moment I left her in the carriage she took her future into her own hands. The carriage dashed off furiously. She was in it alone. Colonel Lennox and I were left standing in the road. We went at once to London. That night joarney with him has since proved my destruction. I was seen, recog- 1 nisei" (To be centinucd.) h i sp r t h 