\- - traveller. ' In Its Ruins. Almost six hundrod years before that Birth . -nt Bethlehem whioh givos. modem time its ' indox — namely, in 582 do., the year when tho Isthmian games were restored— a cast of colonists, swarming out of Gala, not very far off, founded Acragas, whioh aftenvardsbccame, ' as Pindar wroto, 1 tho most beautiful city of 1 .mortals.' They could not have chosen a fairer spot on all the coast of this fair island of 1 Sioilv. rich as it cvervwhero is in loveliness and charm. Broken and accentuated ground ? gave natural ramparts to the oity and the ma \- jesty of domination to tho temples; while . tho wido stretch of blue sea in front brought the beauty and burden of ships to the port, whioh opened its gates to its friends and phut . . .: them liko a trap agaiust its foes. Jupiter \- and Minerva — or, moro correctly, Jfous and \- Athene— wero tho tutelary deities of the city. The ono was Zeus Atabyrius, an awful form ? ? of Moloch ; tho other was the wise grave god dess worshipped by the Rhodians at Liadus — from which oity came the original colonists of Gela, bringing their familiar deity with them. Wo havo all heard of Phalaris the ... tyrant of Acragas, with his red-hot brazen bulls, in which ho roasted men alive. But wo do not all know that this was not only . from wanton oruelty though, as with the Inquisition- of later times, muah personal hatred and malico might have been more mixed up with it ; but that it was also one form of religious superstition of the kind only too oommon in all faiths. Greek feel ing, however, did net tolerate human Baori ? floes, -Milk and honey, fruit and flowers, ? - ? and poor innocent beasts, whioh at the worst ' served aftewards for food, were offered to the -.«? gods, to gam favour or ward off punishmont. \- But save in very raro and exceptional in* stances, of wluoh Iphigenia and her Bubso* . quent oult are tho most notable, the deities of Hellas were not propitiated by the blood and tears of man. The men of Acragas there? fore, soon roso up in horror and indignation against Phalaris and banished him for his ' ?. blood-guiltiness ; for all that he had greatly ? ' embellished the city — always a claim on the gratitude of citizens. Among other things, ' ho built a templo to Jupiter Poleius, the '/oundor of cities,' on tho sight of which, and ? in a manner incorporated with whilo over* powering tho older fano, is tho Christian church of Sta Maria dei Greet. Thereon, that wiso and benevolent despot, . whose tomb is still to be seen, was the real . star of Acragas. Ho made that Greek luxury, a spacious fiBh*pond ; he built the best of the temples, of which the ruins still remain to . attract; travellers from countries then un known, hnt now donjinant, while all this ma jestio past is but a memory and a name ; and Pindar celebrated and extolled him, whioh ' perhaps is the firmest holding on immorality that- he possesses. Among others, he built tbe temple now called Juno Lacinia; that ie, the same Juno as was worshipped at Liei nura; as a modern Catholic might dedicate a onureu to qui lur.rin c»cua oacena, or at Gefiu, or della Fieta, -fcoM always tbo same goddess, but with specialised attributes. It was for this templo that Zeuxis painted his famous picture of Juno, taking for his models tho five most beautiful virgins of Aoragas, and producing a masterpiece such as tbo world had never seen before. But tho foroes of nature, like the passions of men, have no respect for works ot art, whether in paint or in atone. Earthquakes and storms, winds, \- frost, and fire did their work of destruction \- on all theso splendid conceptions and perfect achievements of genius; and Saracen and .Norman completed tho ruin which Cartha ginian and ll- jraan had begun. And now we have of Aoragas, ' tho most beautiful city -. of mortals,' only the uninteresting little town of Girgenti; and tbo ruins of the ancient : v templo?. But what ruins 1 Out on the edge of the rook otands the beautiful and still perfeot skeleton of tho Temple of Concord. It needs no great Bkotoh of fancy to reoonstruot tho past, to repeople the void, to call back from that dim . and misty Hades whero the pale ghosts wander monrnfully, the forms of those .who onoo filled tho temple with love, and » light, and youth and beauty, with musio and song and the fervent prayers of pious souls, asking the benign Goddess of Peace to shed j hor influence over men, and stay both war and slaughter. The boautiful Sicilian girls who. were tho. realisations of the nymphs aud younger goddesses, some pimr 5n» rtlnvinr, nfhoi-fl . fall of fruits and flowers— their soft feet falling in measured tread and the rhyth : mio swaying of their bodies making visable ? mutio to tho eye; the stately matrons, grander .and graver, the Junos, the Dimeters com pleted, to whom life had brought its cares as ? . well its fulfilled joys, its imperative duties as . yell as its .pleading loves ; the young men . ~ panning ttfo maidens and falling in love at . a glance, as love is kindled into flamo by a .spark; the husbands and tho elder fathers, ocoupicd with things and indifferent to beauty;-the poor 'dumb beasts, garlanded with flowers, nnd led to tho slaughter as' : offerings to gods slow to eavo and quick to punish, a3 even the gentle gods of Greeoe themselves were : — all file along the paved road and up the marble Bteps, and range '* themaclvnn \v»*h»n t,hn columned hall, whioh thon had no Christian arches to blook up the spaoe. Ihe oymbals clash and clang : the shrill noto of the double pipe sounds far and olear; and the eohoes of the aaored songB come baok from shaft to wall in a full diapa son of joyouB molody. Who cannot bring baok that scene, as he stands among tho \- asphodels and violets, and forgets time and epaoe in memory ? Father away is that Temple of Juno Lacinia, r. already spoken of, where the skeleton is by no means so perfeot as this, and where the red hand of firo has left its crimson touoh on -the old gray stones. Farther still arc the rains of the Temple of Hercules, from whioh the infamous governor Vcrres, he who was denounced by Cicero in ono of his most / eloquent orations, attempted to steal the magnificent bronze statue of the god; sond . ing his.slaves at night to prise down the . sacred icon; but failing — as tho pious of the time said^ by tho miraoulous energy of Heroulos himself workeing through his efligy '-until the horrified men. of what was then Agrigentum, no Iongor Acragas, and not yet Girgenti, rushed to the rcsoue and delivered their dsity from harm. And there is Btill moro undistmguishablo chaos of the Temple of Jupiter — ruined boforo finished — where the great oaryatid lios prone on the greensward, iike ono of tho old gods despoiled of his glory , disjointed, broken, destroyed, preserving only \- tne aim and ronghenod outlines, but wanting all that mado the life and beauty of the faith. Near to these confused ruins is the beautiful little . upright fragment of the Templo of Oastor and Pollux, thoso twin'sons of Leda r who Btand as the emblems of fraternal \- fidelity, . ? v. The air ia full of old.world memories, and ... involuntarily that noble hymn by Theocritus r ( to the Dioscuri comes to us like a living sound \- wafted by atrange singers across the scented bean-fields— ' dear work-Bteads of the hairy ? . bees'— and shakon liko perfume from the flushed branches of floworing fruit-trees, and the sweet pale loveliness of almond bloRsoms. Bat their day is done. Their Temple is but \- a hint, precious for arohitcotural graoo, and beautiful in spite of its deoay ; and they them 'selves, this hcroio pair, are as dead as the t iho stone effigy lying prostrate on tho grass. Farewell, yea sons of Leda' — 'Castor of the swift steeds and swart Polydouces,' 'to whom all minstrels wero dear,' 41 tho twain that aid all mortals,' ° the bolovcd pair,' ' suooourers of man in tho very thrill of peril, and of horses maddened in the bloody preBS of battle, and of ships that, defying the Btars that set and rise in heaven, have en* countered tho perilous breath of storms' ? farewell ! Tbo prosent has destroyed the'past and Judrca has oonquered Greece; but what the world has lost in eubstanco it still retains in spirit, and gratitude for beauty may out* live belief in its divinity. . If Theooritus pervades all Sicily, Girgenti ' is possessed by Empedoclep. Clad in his purple robe, crowned with laurel, shod with LlJ. ? J.I. Who golden Banaais — wnat wob mis man t ubh ho the wise measurer of mortal force, the diligont observer and partial conquerer of naturo, somo affirm him to have been ? Wag ho tho self-conseorated seer and mystio, t'incero if also self- deceived, who imagined more than he know, and who obscured his clearer thoughts by phantasies and his per* ceptions by illusions ? Or was he tho con scious charlatan who traded on men's credu lity and discounted- their ignorance ? Who can say ? He, too, is one of those faces in the clouds for which each observer has a different form. But whatever ho wac, ho was born Bnd bred at Acragas, tho beautiful city where tho gods were housed in glory and worahipped with fervour; and it was from there that hn set out to seek for immortality in tho eternal fires of Etna. And now, what do wo find at the modern town and station of Girgenti? A country barren ot trees bat fruitful in grain ; uplands as green with sprouting corn as English fields soenting tho air with perfume almost as rich as that which Bteals from tbo jessamine and orango blossoms of the high-waUod gardens ; uncultivated tracts full of asphodels and violets, of borage and tho garden discs yellow chrysanthemum, of fragrant herbs, and the rarer sorts of our wild*flowerB at home — tracts where a botanist may spend his hours in rejoicing. Leaving the country and going into the town, which is set upon tho high rock dominating the plain, we find hut littlo beauty. The women no longer ' ourd tho soft wool about their knees,' as in tho days of tbe proud Eunice, who refused to lovo at all that desperate Simcetba who loved too much ; but they are said to bo tne most prouuo oi an Sioilian women, and for a man to marry a Girgentese is to be sure of heirs and the tradi tional quiver-full* The chief objeot of intorest in the town is of course the Duomo or cathred ral, where they show you BUperb vestments wrought in gold and silver, with garnets and turquoises mixed in with the embroidery ; an engraved ivory Btaff, and two splendid monstrances — the one of gold and jewells in the form of a Bun rayqd and banded ; the other, of silver flowers, with the Madonna's hair in tho'oentre. The plain whito-washed columns dividing navo from aisle agree but ill with tho florid ornamentation of the high altar or the bold oarving of the roof; and the echo which seems to run round the wall liko an invisible flame was once the oause of moro heart-burnings than the arohitect knew when he struck by ohance on that fatal angle of incidenco. ' If you are at Girgenti at Carnival time ana go to a veglinoe or masked ball in the theatre you will seo a little of Sicilian manners and something of Sicilian feeling. Among the Savages and the swallows, the gold-horned, red-bodied Fiends, tho Sailors and thenonde Boripts who dance together with more vigour than grace in the platen^ will not see one woman. The Sicilian blood is too hot and Sicilian jealousy too rampant to permit the*publio and indis criminate mingling of men and women ; ana there still exist in these Icsb visited and less continentalised places, strong traces of the Saraoenic seclusion of women. In the boxes, two female masks — the only female masks in the theatre— come down over and anon, attended by their male companion, to cross . tho platea for such refreshments as are to-be found at tbo back of tho Btage. No one speaks to them, and they speak to no one. Even that group of Zulus who respeot no man, make way for them : as do those half dozen Swallows who run in and out with short steps and shrill cries, letting fly live birds as a diversion the more. ^ These two bands are evidently well known in the place. They go in and out of certain boxes offering bonbons, whioh are laughingly accepted, and they dance with leas olumsiness and more grace than the rest. Among the Bpeotators in the boxes are two or three exquisite little masks of children. One curly-pated Louis XIV., of perhaps the ripe ago of three, after making frantio efforts to kiss papa with the intervening mask to prevent contaot, ia handed about from box to box like a big doll. In one it is the centre of attraction and wor ship to five Btalwart men ; for Italian men are like women in their love of children, and you will constantly soe the father performing what we consider to be essentially womanly ofllces for a little child, while the mother stands by looking on complacently. There is a tiny, gold-horned, red-bodied imp, whose delight in his horns is such as one might have expected from a young fawn when he first learned that he could butt that bold kid with his own weapon. For a last word : Girgenti is now abso lutely safe. A few years ago, brigands might have been found lurking behind the fallen columns with the snakes and the lizards, and the long gun handy. Now you have only the lizards. The snakes havo been frightened away by the throng of visitors ; carabinieri keep evil disposed men in check; and bri. gandago, like the old cult, has vanished into the dust and vapour 6f things past and dead. The editor feola lone and miserable When he can find no joke that's Bcissorable Puds. 