THE ONE THING NEEDFULS' BY MISS M. E. BRADDON. i Author of "Ladt Addlev's Secret." Ac. i Chapter VII. (Continued) —Tiie NewCinde- j iiella. ' i How Stella bated that noisy tea hour, the i foolish jokes and laughter, the cruel chaff for ; which she sometimes afforded ihe object, ihe j great- metal pols which gave the tea a tinny i flavor, the mountains of thick bread and butler, \ Ihe tisliv smell of periwinkles or shrimps, the j litter oi cresses nnd oilier green-meat, without which tea was unpalatable to the house maids. It was (lie hour at which liiey all unbent, . with elbows on tlia tabic, aud lea poured into saucers — the hour at whicli they talked ami laughed the loudest. They had all forgotten their dead lord, and were full of anticipations about the high jinks that would he held at lite castle now Victorian was master. "I don't suppose there'll bo much of a change yet awhile," said Barber, who hap pened to bo raking her tea iu the stillroom. "His lordship is going away in a fortnight. He has been appointed First Secretary of Lega tion at Vienna," " Yon might have told us that before,'' re torted Middleliani, who was jealous of Barber's superior opportunities. "I only board it this morning when I was waiting on lior ladyship. His lordship came into her room with an open letter in his hand, and showed it to her. 'I must be off in a fortnight,' says he. I could sec that she was very vexed. That was alt very well when you were a younger son.' she says, ( but I don't seo the necessity for it now.® Do you suppose I waut to see tho world any the less because I am called Lord Loshmar?' says he. 1 What a queer old mother yon are !f " "What a queer old mother!" echoed a chorus of housemaids, with Homeric laughter. "Fancy calling her ladyship a queer old mother. He's a rare oue for cheek is Alattcr Victorian. He's your right sort for a lord ; he'll stamp em down wherever he goes. ' " Yicnner 'as been the dream of my life' he, says, aud then goe3 whistling out of the room, as light hearted as you like, leaving her lady ship blacker than Ihuuder.' Stella sat amidst their babble, with no relish for steiming tea in n thick crockery cup, nnd with a loathing of shrimps and periwinkles, Afternoon tea with Lord Lashmar had been a poem. The quaint old silver teapot — silver beateu so thin and enriched with such delicate irjjniisse wotk — tho semi-transparent cups, tho dainty cream jug and toy sugar tongs, the wafer biscuits ..il l bread and butter, the cool, sweet atmosphere of an exquisitely ordered room, the flowers, tiie pictures, the books, the all surrounding beauty : and she had exchanged these tilings, and tiie dear love that made them sweetest, for the company of these vulgar women who desniscd and laughed at her. Betsy was kind, and the others did not mean to be unkind. They did not beat or pinch or starve her ; but they were powerless to com prehend tbe workings of that young sou'. They saw tho red swollen cycli-ls, find called her a cry-baby ; they pointed the finger of derision at her because she was unskilled nnd clumsy in duties that were so easy to tiic.ii ; because she could not hem a duster exi'O- ditiously. or polish a mahogany table. And agaiu and again enmo tho reproach against the dead — " What a pity Lord Lashmar brought her up to lie such a little fool ! " They hud not spared her feelings iu their talk of tlie dead lord.' Tlioy had freely discussed the details of the accident — how his lordship liatl been thrown head foremost on tlie hard high road, and had broken his neck. It was instantaueous death, they said. And bow Stella' bad fuilcti more luckily upon the grassy liorder of the road, and bad been brought home unconscious with -concussion of the brain, aud then, before she invoke from her rduurr, fever had set in — symptomatic fever, the doctor called it — and stic had been very bad iudeed. But old Ah'. Verner ami tlie groom had escaped easily ; the giuom with a few bruises and a good shakiug, and Mr, Verner, wiio fell on the top of him, without a srratch. Siella asked what had become of Air. Verner, longing for him as for tlie only friend left her : but she was fold tliHt lie had left directly after the fune- ral, lo go home to his own people, as it was supposed. There was not even so much Com fort as ttiis remaining to her. Night was worst of all. She slept in a little bed in the spacious dormitory, given up to live of the house maids. It was a large, bare room, forming part of a special servants' wing which had been added to the Castle fifty years before, and whicli the builder had made ns unbeautiful ns in bim lay, aud builders have largo capabilities in that line. It was a long, whitewashed room, like the common room of a debtors' prison. The win dows looked iuto a stony well, on the other tide of which was the laundry. There was not a Jtree nor a leaf within sight ; even ivy had re fused to grow in that vault like atmosphere. And to keep np the prison liko idea the windows were all guarded with irou bars, lest peradven- turc the followers of the home mains should break iu and elope with their ladies, like the knights in border ballads. Stella was sent to bed nightly at eight o'clock, sent to bed in the sweet summer gloaming, while tho birds were singing so happily in the woods, and the flowers were only just, beginning to close. Middleiiam was in exorable ns to this hour of departure. " At eight o'clock you go, or I'll know tiie reason why." and at eight o'clock Stella crept wearily up tlie shadowy staircase, and took off her tear-staiued black frock, and said her prayers— long, tearful prayers— and laid her self down upon tiie hard little bed. Not to sleep. She was too unhappy to sleep easily, aud she knew that at lulf-prist ten tho five would come, like a hand of neisy fiends let loose from Pandemonium, and would talk of their Sunday clothes ami their young meu, and chaff cacli other, and perhaps ; quarrel with cacil other lor a good hour, , before slumber fell upon the fold. Site would ! lie with closed eyes, trying not to hear, yet with those delicate cars of hers listening in voluntarily. Thay were good natnrcd, lioncst girls for the most part ; modest withal, according to their lights : no more frivolous or empty headed than a band of school girls i:i a fashionable semiuurv ; but their talk, with its monotonous repetitious, its silly joke.--, was torture to the sensitive child. The hourly .suffering of her days, sleepless nights, and loss of uppetite soon had their effect. Stella begau to look very ill — worse than she had looked oven when she first got np from her bed of fever. Betsy was anxious about her : took her aside aud questioned her. Why did she look so miserable ? Steilu burst into tears and unburdened her soul. She was altogether uuhappy. She hated the still room, she hated Middlc-hain ; but most of nil sho bated the room where she slept, aud tin; chatter of the innids. " I hardly ever sleep," she added piteously , "Hie awake all night waiting to see tlie day light between tbo iron bars." " That's very bad," said Betsy, " we must see what can be done." She went off to her anut, nnd tlie two women put their heads together. There was very little use in appealing to her ladyship. Burlier knew the slate of her feelings towards her stepson's ! protfge'e. There was a little room on the floor over the sen- ants' dormitories, which was mostly given - over lo linen closets and box rooms, a room that had been occupied ouco by a valet. It was ; very small, and had a sloping ceiling ; but the dormer window commauded a sidelong peep of ' the park — just about as much as that line vie-.v j of the sea put forward by a hardened lodging i house keeper — and Betsy, who fcuew her cbargo j better than anyone else, fancied that (his little I room would be as a haven of rest to Sleiia. i Published by special arrangements with the Amber. AU rights reserved. | James, the footman, who was a handy youth, might put up a sne. i w two for her, and by- n nd-liyc psihaps Betsy would beuo'.e to get a few of those booki— lessen hooks, poetry books, , story books — for which the child's sickened | heart longed so screiy ; ihe mlr possible con- i solution, where all human cominr: was "lost. There was a neat little iron bedstead aud the ; necessary furniture, all of ihe plainest, barest, ; most, uuiutcrcstiug order, as duly made and pro- i vided for a subject race .; lmt when Betsy took > the child up to tiie little room under tho tiios, ! aud told her that sho couid have it for her ! very own. Stella hurst iuto hvstericnl tears of | delight. " 01). how good of you !" she cried. "How ! sweet of von, Betsy ! Somebody loves mo still then." "Of course I love you you foolish little , thing. Whoever said I didn't? Only I daren't disobey her ladysliip ; but some day, perhaps, 1 shall be abio to get bold of a few of those books of yours that you've been fretting about," "Will you, dearest Betsy ? What, my Latin grammar, and the Greek one, too ; and my Virpit, nnd the Greek fairy tales, and tho Lady of the Lake f That was his last Christ- i inns present — such a lovely book. They are all mv very own, Betsy. He gave thein to me. Her ladyship is a thief if she takes them away." " No, no Stella, you must not talk like that. A little adopted thiug like you, a poor littlo waif aud stray can havo no real right to any thing in a great houso like this. Only if poor Lord Lashmar gave them to von it is natural that you should fancy they are your own. and IU see what I can do,'- concluded Betsy vaguely. She brought Stoii i half a dozen books that night in her apron. The key of the tower room9 had been given up to Middleham, in order that, those rooms might be duly swept and dusted ; and Betsy had got tlie key from that i austere personage by sheer artifice ; nnd had | made her raid upon the books — IVrgiV and two j grauimcrs. the Greek Fairy Tales aud Chap- | man's Iliad and a volume of Wordsworth. The j Lady of the La':-, was a richly illustrated I quarto with splendid binding. Betsy could not | venture to remove sn handsome and ostensible a book, lest mv lady should come ott a visit bt inspection, and that keen eve of tiers should note tho disappearance of the' volume. The others were all shabby little books which had seen hard usage. Stella cried over fhese recovered treasures, in | her tiny room with her dormer casement looking i towards tiie tree tops and tlie stars. Her mind was refreshed aud soothed by tiie peaceful I solitude of her poor little room. Hero | there was no coarse laughter, there were no cruel lauuts. She cou'd hear ihe owls hooting in the park, tbe dogs baying in 'he stable yard. That was all. She seemed to be far away from everybody; unit as she was altogether fearless sho loved her solitude. And now this child of eleven years old set lier- solf with heroic patience to carry on uuaided.aud alouc tlie education which had been so cruelly interrupted by that stern foo to progress, death. W ith her books and p- n and ink, ami two orthree poor little ends of caudle garnered for lior. day by day. by the faithful Betsy, Stella sat lute into tlie night, working at Greek and Latin ; happy, oven when her studios were dryest, at the thought that she was carrying on the work thai, her benefactor had began. " When I see him in Heaven. 1 shall bo able to tell bim what I have doue," she said to her self. Her theology was of tho simple, coufidiug kind which hud grown old fashioned cvou for littlo cliildreu. That fair future world was very real to her ardent fancy. She could picture the woodland walks of a paradise where it was always summer, and whore -lie would inert Hubert Lnshinur j with a strange light upon iiis face, like ihe j goldeu glory round the Infant-Saviour's head in the famous Ln-'inmr Raffaellc — that marvel lous picture which sho had so often gazed upon I by her benefactor's side. Those nightly studies, the reposeful soli- | tudn of her remote littlo garret, had it calming influence upon her spirits. Sho I was less unhappy now iu (lie day lime, having her books to look forward to at eight, knowing that sho was not lapsing iuto ignorance, not becomiug like those young women with whom she was obliged to live. She had her day dreams now us she sat in th, still room window, inhaling odors of stables, and hemming an everlasting proressinu nf tea cloths. She hud her dream of the day when she would he grown up add well educated, and would he a' le to write books, like old Gnhriei Verner, and when tlie might earn ouougb money to have a tiny cottage of her own upon tho banks of the Avon, and to have honest. Betsy to live with her. That was her chief day dream. Sho had fancies of stories that she might write — stories of beautiful, fatal ' creatures like Helen, or de voted wives liko Andromache, or wicked, I treacherous women like Clytcmnestra. That | busy brain of hers had already begun to weave the multi-colored web of fiction, albeit lior pen had not yet essayed to give thoso dreaiuings 11 tangible shape. Lashmar had told her of au nutbor — a womau who had renped thousands and a lasting renown by n simple story of village life, by reasou other power to dive deep down into the mystery of liuinau nature, to fathom the strange depths of the heart of man, just as Homer did iu those dim days wheu poetry began. She, Stella, sighed uot 1 for thousands, only for that, lowly littlo cottage ! by the river, anil a garden nnd summer-house, 1 and plenty of books, nnd candles to light tho I long evenings, aud kind Betsy for licr com j panion, tlioy two alone together and happy, I Lord Lashmar. the new lord, Victorian, had left for Vienna without ever Iiav- iug looked on the little serf who had ouco been his brother's darling. Ho was very sorry to have lost " poor dear Lnsli," ns he called liiiu ; but lie felt uot tbe slightest interest iu Lash's latest, fad. Lasli had always been full of fads, poor dear boy. Of course, her ladyship wonld do all that was best and wisest for the child. " You'll make a sort of semi-genteel waiting- maid of her, I suppose," he said lightly ; " hav# her taught to clean your laces and make you caps — whenever the day comes that you take to caps." " Perhaps thai will not. lie till I am a grand- j mother, Victor." she answered, smiling fondly ! at her beloved ; ' when you have a wife aud | children I shall feel myself verily a dowager, ' and then 1 suppose 1 must, sake to caps. By ; the bye, dear, I saw Clarice last week. They ! have come back to the Hall." ' Indeed ! Puffed up by her new dignity as a presented young person, I suppose," answered Lashmar, " No, she was just ns sweet ns ever; qulto simple aud ciiildlike. I am told she was ona of ; the prettiest, debuhmtes of the year. The news. ! papers all said nsmuch." - i ' The uewspnpers are always ready to pufl j a girl whose father counts his fortune by hun- i drccls of thousands," sneered Lashmar. "I | don't think the Brumm people hu< e quite made | np their mind whether Job Danebrook is ; worth one million or half a dozen ; bnt they i are all agreed that his father wheeled a barrow. N si think both yon and I retain an old- 1 fashioned prejudice in favor of good blood." " There is seme very good blood iu Ciariet Dauebrook's veins. Victor. You forget that her mother was a Montmorency." "One thin trickle of blue blood cannot pnrify tlie pcblcian vat, mother. I know very well what you are hinting at. Clarice is sweet, Clarice is pretty, Clarice baa been well brought np, nnd had a gen teel mother. She is, moreover, an only daughter, and eviil inherit £2,000,000 or £3,000,000. She is one of those exceptionally good matches which you may count npon your fingers. Tbe Lashmars are rich, but they might he richer ; would rise to a much higher Cote in the social scnle if they possessed those superfluous millions. Fabulous wealth is tlio thing people worship nowadays. It is not enough to be rich — a man to be honored and talked about mu-f he inordinatelv rich. Yes, I perfectly recognise the truth of all that. But all the same I am not .going to l>e manoeuvred info a marriage with Clarice Dane- brook. Ton can trot her out hv and live, if you like; uud it I full in love with her. Ill ask her to marry me. If I don t I won t. were lie worth the wciltli of Aititl fin. ' "Do vou suppose I would ever wish vou to marry anyone vou could not love I said his mother, masking her butteries. 44 1 know you would only choose I lie best hud worthiest. Yon are too proud to make one of those wretched matches he which some of your order lmvc degraded their rank of late years. I should never fear anything of that kind from vou." "Well, no. 1 am not quite au idiot, nn- swered Lusliniar. " As for Cloriro, r.lie is a sweet little thing, and I uiu really fond of her,' continued her lady- ship placidly ; hut I don t think she is unite good enough for you. She has wealth, lint she has not. milt:, and there is, us vou suv. ulnars that unlucky tradition of the wheelbarrow. 44 Dear old mother, we nlwavs think alike, said Victorian, bending down to kiss the dow ager's broad brow. His eves sparkled with suppressed laughter. He kuow lier so well — knew that she iiudnmdo up her mind that lie was to lnairy Clarice Danehrook and no other, knew that. It) Ibis end she hud made much of f lie damsel, and been civil to her very commonplace mother, anil her sternly plebeian father. Fur no other than an interested motive would t lie great Lady I'itland's daughter have cultivated the society of a young person of vulgar lineage ; yea. albeit a thin streak of tlio Mont morency blood hail qualified the coarseness of the Dancbrooks. Victorian laughed at. his mothers ina- ntcuvros, laughed most of all at the idea that she should think herself able to throw dust iu his eyes ; and lie hold him self in rcservo for tho future. He inenut to do just wiiat he liked with his life. He would have held himself free to mtirrya beggar- maid, like King Copliclua. had lie so pleased. But lie wus not at all the kind of young tnaii to feel drawn towards beggar maids. He was worldly to the core, had been brought up to consider everything from the wording's standpoint. He meant, when bis lime should come, to marry- well, brilliantly if possible — io make such a match as should double his present importance in the world. No, lie did not think that, Clarice was pood enough. Merc millions would not suflice. lteopln would want to ho told who Ilia wife was ; mid for that question to lie answered, filly she should bo the daughter of a duke. Chapter VIII. — 44 Tub Virtuous M.uicu TowRtts Atiovu Her Sex." It was October when tho new Lord Lnslmiar canto back To the castle, with a chosen com pany of bachelor friends, old comrades of Eton and Oxford. ITis lordship canto ouly for a flying visit, to see his mother, to shoot, tlio pheasants, aud to look about liim a little. Lordship nt one-nnd twenty could uot lie supposed fo care for a long resi lience beside that broad reach of the Avon, amid the decay of nutmnn woods. When the pheasants Were thinned, Lnslnnnr would bo off again, fo l'aris or Vienna, as the ruse might be. Ife affected to hate Loudon and London society. It Jacked the glitter and ease or continental life. He was not going fo that dreary barrack in Grosvmior square until ho was obliged : which would not be before February, when Parliament would re, open, and he would go to take his seat in the House of Lords. The dowager was at Lnshmar to receive her eon and his friends. She had not left flic castle since her step-son's death. Her pre sence bad pervaded Hie mansion like a dark cud brooding cloud ; or nt least it si'rined so to Rtellu. who shivered even at Hie distant sound of that voice. Not imee had tliey two met face to face since ilic day when those cruel lips told i he child of her bereave ment : but it was enough misery for Stella to know that tin4 stern ruler of the house was within its walls, to hear her deep-toned voire from afar. . Lady Lnshmar was uot alone when her son arrived. She did nut want his house to seem empty and dismal after the- brightness of his continental surroundings. Kite hud summoned other two dowagers, one frisky anil one strong- minded, to bear her company. Tho strong- minded dowager. Lady (flan Allister, had two slrong- iniia'.eil daughters, aud these also were bidden. Their prcsenec mailo an exrnse for having Clariee Danehrook continually at the Castle. The weather was lovely. It war not too cold for lawn tcunis. A very feeble cousin of Miss Danehrook, who was reading for his Divinity examination, made a fourth. The dowagers had their books md newspapers, ilteir work bags, and that everlasting occupalion of letter writing, which holds all society in bondugo The frivolous dowagorwas the famous Orinnn, Lady Ilillborough. who had been young nnd a fashionable beauty when William tho Fourth was king. She still wore her linir exactly as she had worn it nt that period ; but it was not the same hair — sho had worn out a good many of those golden tresses, nnd had spent n small fortune at Truefllt's since tho sailor king had been laid iu the roynl charncl house. Sho dressed as youthfully now as she hud dressed then, and skipped about n room as gaily, re arranging tho furniture iu Hint bright airy way of bar's, famed for her exquisite taste in the composition of those pictures which fashionable drawiugrootus now offer to tlio enlightened eye. 41 My dear, yon should have ii group of large palms at the other end of your room," she ex claimed, surveying Lady Laslimar's morning room through her binoculars. 4 You have nothing to break the straight line of your end wall. Yes. of course, I know, ilioso pictures of yours are priceless, ami the palms will hide them : but you will get the idea of distance, vagueness, don't yon kuow. The effect will he tnueh iiuer." Ami then Lady Ilillborough wheeled round and surveyed Clarice coolly, deliberately, through her glasses, which made her own eyes ' look as i he eyes of a giant to those who hap pened to see them through those magnifying pebbles. Clarice was standing by the window.' woudeiing whether she was to lie presented to (tie new-comer or to be ignored, which she would have infinitely preferred. 44 What a sweet -child 1" said Lady Ilill- boroiurh. in a loud whisper, when she had stared for about three minutes. 44 introduce her to me." Lady Lashmar obeyed, and Oriana took Clarice by' the hand, made another deliberate inspection at nearer range, and then kissed tha girl enthusiastically on both cheeks. 44 I delight in prett# people," she ex claimed. ' Of course you know you are pretty, child. Some people try to keep girls of your age from finding out, their own prettiness; but it's all wusted trouble. If a girl were brought up on a desert islauil she would know all about, her good looks : she would see herself reflected iu some pool, like Wbat's-his-uame, in the Greek story — Jonquil." 44 I think yon must mean Narcissus, Lady Ilillborough," said otio of (lie slroug minded Miss MacAliistcrs. What does it matter, my dear, a narcissus and a jonquil arc much the same thing." ans wered Oriaun, who was not learned, and rarely read anything except the uewspaprrs. Lashmar and his friends arrived iu tune for dinner. He bad kpent a couple of nights in Londou, had arranged to meet his guests nt the station, and to bring tkcm down with Jiini. There were two newly fledged catslrv subalterns; a vountrer son who was going 111 1 for u political career, and innciod himself an embryo Canning-, another younger son who was preparing himself for the family living ; and a young man who was nobodv in par ticular, but who was much better read aud more amusing than any of the other four. I hey .were all young, and tliev were a noisy ercn Clu ice was niraid of them, anil thev wire afraid of the two strong minded Miss Mai. Allister-. who were intense politicians, and great upon (lie Eastern Question, with the complexities wherein thev assailed the masr.u- hno moid at every oppurtuuilv. bo there was a litcii avoidance of tlio feminine soflitty pro vided by lie-r ladyship. " 1 thouuhl von would have liked to find some nice gnls here. Lashmar," she said to her son reproachfully, utter he and his friends had been out shooting all day and in the smokmg- ro.nii all the evening, while the Miss MacAliis tcrs, who scorned accomplishments, as futile, had sat in different corners of the drawutgrnoui, one leading Herbert Speu-or, while the other devoured Durtvin, and ostentatiously ignored Glance Danehrook 's little lots of Chopin and limit v old ballads. "So 1 should, mother," answered Virtnrian cheerily, -ouly | haven t seen auv except Clarice. She a nice enough, hut quite im possible to irel, nil wnh. t-dies so painfully sliv." 44 Iter shyness would lie got over In a very short, tune it you'd out? talk to her." 4 Oh. 1 can't tall; to a girl when it's uphill work. The woinuu in Vienna are so .brilliant, so ousy to get on with. As for your Mac- Aliister girls I would as soon converse with a blue book. One of them asked me yesterday morning what we were going to do with Cyprus iu the event of Eastern compli cations. Such a girl as that ought never to be allowed to set her foot iusidc a country house. In fact, Oriana is the only agreeable person you have got about you. I have half n mind to pro pose to Oriana, only I'm afraid there'll be a spunniy of coin." Tho dowager sighed with a vexed air, hut said no more. She had hoped that Lti-hmar, i'ro-h from the meretricious charms of fashionable Vien nese beuly, would liavo been struck by Clarice Dane brook's lilylikc loveliness in all its purity of early girlhood. She was only eighteen, divinely fair, with features of most delicate mould, and eyes of heavenly azure. It was hardly possible to imagine ft more beautiful girl in that particular style of beauty. There was nut n (law. She Was of middle height, exquisitely graceful, with smnli hands and feet. Whatever coarse ness there might have been in the Danehrook mould hud lieeu chastened by the judicious uuiuu with The Montmorcncies. Nobody would ever liavo suspected Clarice of plebeian origin, and yet her father had coarse, hairy liuuds, and feet of serviceable breadth, sandy whiskers, and a potato nose. IIo was an admir able man of business, a liberal master, a stanch friend to the operatives whose labor hntl created his millions ; but he had never tried or pretended to be a fine gentleman, though ho had been horn after his father had made a for tune, and had been educated at llugby aud Oxford. Clarice was very4 sweet, and Laslunnr gradu ally awakened to an idea of her sweetness. lie began to leure iiis friends iu the billinrdroom, or tho smokiugroom of an evening, ami to sit by the piano listening to those .quaint old ballads anil those melodious bits plucked here mid there out of the heart of a sonata or symphony. Clariee was one of those musicians by instinct rather llian bv training, who wander from flower to flower tviih a sweet capriciousncss. stealing the honey out of every blossom : now a joyous little bit of Mozart, a rondo or minuet ; now an andante. or an adagio from one of Beethoven's grandest sonatas : now- one of Chopin's wild wailing movements, bail' a dirge and half a war erv. 44 What a jolly lot you know," exel-iimr-d Laslunnr, 44 V wish you'd sing Barbara Allen presently. I was outside iu the corridor last night when you were singing it." 44 -Mill lias a passage b-re whicli sivms exactly to b t our present complications," said .liuiie MnoAUister. looking up from berpondernuslome. do wish you'd lei me read it to you, Lord Lnsluuur." Not for worlds. Wo should inevitably quarrel if you did. 1. detest Mill. " 44 But surely at stieii a crisis as this " 44 J dotl'f enroll straw about the crisis : we are always at a crisis. I don't, oven know what if means. I got, dos-sl with European polities abroad fill 1 am simply imbecile upon all political questions. 1 want Barbara Allen." Clarice looked up and smiled at him, with her sweet childish smile. The Miss MacAHisters had been far from civil to her, nnd she did not love them. They resented hor inordinate weulili, nnd disapproved of iter beauty. A rich girl had no right, to be pretty. Lady Laslimar's favoritism was also an offence. Clariee was petted and flat tered while tlicv were only tolerated — they who had cultivated their miuus and were able lo enter tlio nrena.of argument upon equal terms with the sterner sex. Tito misfortune was that at Lashmar Castle nobody wanted to argue with them, except the foolish cousin, whose feeble brain thev sometimes deigned lo Hood Willi their electric light. 11c who had never been able to grasp any. one subject wondered at the wide range of these well-read damsels, who despised Haley with tho contempt of long familiarity, aud linil Butter's Analogy at Their fingers' ends,' while tlio Greek Testament was child's play to tliem, and tliov were ready at a moment's warning to arguo upon any disputed passage. Clarice sang her old ballads, aud Lashmar listened ill a dreamy silence. Yep, his mother was right. Site was a very sweet girl — somewhat over-cliiklislt, perhaps, for her eighteen years, but. passing lovely. Ermine robes nnd a coronet would not bo too good for that delicate beauty. He wondered whether he was beginning to fall itt love with iter. He fancied thai she would be au easy con quest — for liini. That, shy aud shrinking manner of hers argued a foregone conclusion. She had un awe stricken way of looking up to him, as if his -presence thrilled iter. But lie held himself in check, aud did not mean to com mit himself yet awhile. They were botli young I enongh io wait. | One morning lie let the shooters start without j him, and strolled across the pork and through the fields to the Hal!, which was about a mile and a half from ihc Castle. He wanted to see Clarice in the bosom of her family, io see whether hor surroundings were too terrible, the father too .suggestive of tlio original barrow, lie had seen very little of tho Danehrooks in iiis boyhood. This passion for Ciartr.e was a new craze of her ladyship's. The Hull was everything which the Castle was not. It had boon built, five-aud-twenty vcars before, in tho midst of a level expanse of meadow laud. .which during that quarter of a century had been in process of edncatiou into a par!:. But as there hud been very few old frees to begin with. the park was still barren : a waste of level turf with new plantations dotted about at intervals. A tine carriage drive went from the lodge gates to the Hall door, surely the most uninteresting drive iu tlio county. The Hall was au immense red brick house in the modern Gothic stylo, red brick with stono facings. It was a very flap house, well proportioned, iu fairly good taste; but nothing that (lie architect could do had been enough to subjugate that terrible air of newness wnicli is the bane of such houses. ' There was a huge battlcmcnted tower, which stared over the surrounding country and could bo seen from afar for I many mile, and there were battlementcil ' stables aud batilemeufcd terraces, and there J wore acres of v.cll kept shrubberies, and I a fish pond, and fountains, and spacious i conservatories— iu a word, there was everything that money could buy. But money cauuol buy antiquity.- unless if takes, file pari, at: secondhand. Clarice was verv sorry font her father had not bought, a dear- old crumbly house, in the heart of an over grown old nark, mstes.d of building for him self this modern mansion, with all its com fortable appliances, lis brand-new luxuries ami conveniences, speaking lubes and lifts, and ltoi water pipes and scientific ventilators. Clarice would rather have had one ghost than all those speaking tubes ; she would have pre ferred lichen covered stone walls to hot- water pipes aud ventilators. Clarice fancied the tiouse mueltof uewlv made wealth. It had been fur nished nt one fell swoop bv a great Loudon Iu m, aud although the picturesque hud heen duly considered, it was tlio modern picturesque, and lacked the mellow (ones of rout old furni ture. 