Wxz €0tttribtttor« AT A STBEET CORNER. Mr. Acres ? A Landowner. Mr. Stumfbb ? An Agitator. Mr. Small ? ? A Tradesman. Mr. Stumper — You ask me what is the remedy for the present depression, and I say emphatically 'land nationalisation.' It is monstrous that all the good land of the colony should be locked up in the hands of a few lucky holders to the detriment of the large masses of the people. It I had my way not another acre should be sold, and the big estates which we now have should be 'busted nP' by a land tax so heavy that their holders would be compelled to sell the land or use it profitably. Mr. Acres — If it were put up for sale, who is there to buy it 1 And how would yon use it profitably? Wool-growing doesn't pay, wheat-growing doesn't pay, and what with the high rate of wages and the low price of produce I should like to know what does-? I am one of those who have committed the unpardonable sin of having got on in the wcrld ; I hold a grett deal of land honestly bought and paid for. I used to be proud of myself and of my pos sessions. I have often been referred to as a proof of what South Australia can do for those who are industrious and careful, I suddenly find myself branded aB a robber and execrated as a thief. Mr. Small — Yes; bat who by? Taylw, Singer, & Co., men who have been* in the colony but a few years, who have no follow ing and no influence, men who go about like silly boys in a churchyard with sheets over their heads, trying to play ghosts, who frighten nobody but very timid psople, asd who ultimately are taken over the knee and whipped and then seen no more. These storms in a teapot have arisen in almost every civilised country at various periods in their history; they lash themselves into fearful fury ; they subside into calm. The freeholder still holds his deeds ; the world wags on just as usual ; the desire for a little bit of freehold is just afatrong as ever in the bosom of 'John Bull.' Show me a country in the world where this new-fangled scheme has been tried. There are others as wise aa we, surely. America is a pretty socialistic sort of a place, bat that daylight robber, the freeholder, flourishes there. Victoria has a good deal of the radical element about it, but the rascal freeholder is there in fearful force. Poor South Australia is to be reformed, and revolutionised, and mined by themiraclemonger?, whose prominent leaders are socialists and freethinkers. Mr. Stamper— Come now that is not fair. Mr. Berens has given ua a thoughtful and philosophical lecture on this subject, and there are other equally reputable men who con scientiously believe in our views who are neithsr socialists nor freethinkers. For my own part I know that all good things come from God; that without His help our chances of success are poor indeed. We have men amongst us who are indiscreet, and who do us no credit by forcing forward their viewa in season and out of season, and who make them selves nuisances at public meetings, and create an impression that we are a rowdy and an ill mannered lot ; but we ought not all to ba judged by this standard. It isn't fair. Mr. Acres — Ex uno disce omnes, yon know. A great deal of the land in the City of Ade laide has been purchased of late years from holders who have received the unearned incre ment in cash. You can't get at them ; you can only get at the present owner; and he poor fellow holds no unearned increment to tax. Nay, it is possible that the hind cost him more than it is worth to- day. Pretty hard on him to put a ? land tax on his property that will reduce its value perhaps one-third. Another* man owns a piece of land upon which he has paid say one-third of the purchase-money, the balance remaining on mortgage. Well, your land tax depreciates the value of this property to the extent of one third ; what is the re sult 1 The mortgagee gets his money in full ; the mortgagor has his interest in the land cancelled entirely. The lender comes out all right; the borrower loses all. There are hundreds of artisans and others in this country who are in this position. They bought a tut of land on which to build homes some day ; they are steadily paying off what they owe on it. What a comfort it will be to them, and how they will love their friends, the land nationalists, when they find all their savings confiscated. Mr. SmaU— Take the case of a freeholder in Knndle-street who has a piece of land- on which the building lease has just fallen in, and who finds himself the owner of some old shanties which are not worth much. He wishes to xelet, stipulates that new buildings muBt be erected. He always valued bis land at eay £250 a foot, but the land tax has been increased from Jd. in the pound to 3d. in the pound, or in other words, from 12s. 2d. a foot to £3 2s. 6d. a foot per annum. He says to the lessee, well, I always valued my land at £250 a foot, I want as ground rent 5 per cent, on that clear of the land tax, which Ihave to pay. You must give me £12 10s. a foot plus the 3d. land tax, £3 2s. 6d,, instead of plus the Jd. land tax, 12a. 2d., and as some recompense to you for the additional annual payment I will not insist on your 'spend- ing so much money on the buildings to be erected on the land. Hence less work for the artisan' and mechanic, and the placing of an ob stacle in the way of the progress of the city. Mr. Stumper — You ridicule us somewhat un fairly for the way in which we carry on our agitation, but it doesn't do to be thin skinned or mealy-mouthed over a matter of this kind. We are fighting against principali ties and powers. We have formidable enemies to contend with. We must push ourselves forward and assert ourselves, and hammer away wherever we get the chance. What we insist on is this, that by making the land tax sufficiently high we shall compel the holders of unoccupied allotments in towns, and of large estates in the country, to utilise those lands in some profitable manner or to sell them to those who will so utilise them. Town lands, for in stance, would be sold to builders and others who would erect houses upon them, which they would be able to let at lower rentals than at present. Mr, SmaU — Good gracious ! why there are a thousand houses to let in Adelaide at this mo ment, and I have some of mine occupied by people who are paying no rent at all, but simply looking after them. Mr. Stumper — And as for country lands — well, the eheepfarmers would either let or sell them to the farmers, and we should have thousands more acres cultivated. Mr. Acres— -You propose a tax of 3d. in the pound on the unimproved value of the land ; say on £2 10s., that would be 7&L; an acre per annum, so that the owner of 60,000 acres would have to pay £1,562 10s. landtax, instead of about £260 at present. Does anybody suppose that this\ would induce your well-established wealthy sheepf armer to let the despised cockatoo on to his sacred acres, certainly not. Then, you see, this extra payment wouKi not be all loss to the sheepfarmer, because hewouldgetthe benefit of the reduced Customs duties which you pro pose. As for the working man — you say he would be benefited by the reduction in rents which would be brought about by the com pulsory sale of allotments which would result trom the increased tax. Now, the bulk of our working men live in the suburtw, and, thank roodness, many of them in houses of their own. They won't thank you for reducing the value of their properties. The bulk of cottage praparties built for letting are erected on land casting, say, about £3 to £4 a foot. The increased tax on, say, 40 feet of such land, would therefore -e, say, Is. a foot instead of 2d. a foot as noar. Will the extra lOd. a foot which the owner has to pay induce him to sell his land ? A ri*e in its value of Is. a foot per annum would pay him for holding, and if it is worth holding at all it is pretty certain that the payment of an addi tional lOd. a foot a year will not prevent him from doing so. I don't believe your 3d. tax would reduce rents one iota. Mr. Stumper— Then we must make it higher. Mr. SmaUr^And that would be cheerful for the farmers, wouldn't it? A 3d. land tax would mean to them quite 50 per cent, increase on the annual payment which many of them who hold credit selections now have to pay, and they are rolling in wealth, arn't they ? Then you propose to take the duties off the necessaries of life, the bulk of which the farmer produces, and that will open up for him the competition of all the world. Waprtraw will indeed be grateful to his land nationalisa tion friends. They will have the proud dis tinction (should they succeed) of mining one of the staple industries of the country. I hope ' somebody will catch and imprison this modern Guy Fawkes before he succeeds in blowing up poor South Australia. Mr. Stumper— We don't want to blow np anybody or anything. W« want to do good, and bring prosperity to everybody that is worthy to get it. Abolish the Customs, and put the burden on the land— the land that has received eo much of the benefits which have come from our public works policy ; the land that has ran us so fearfully Snto debt, and on whose behalf we are paying annually in interest £700,000 and over. .Mr. Small— Abolish the Customs, come, I like that. Abolish the boot factories, the clothing factories, the ironworks, the jam factories, and all the hundred and one indos- ' tries that have sprung up in our midat, that give work to thousands of men, women, and ctujdren. Oh, how the poor will bless you, ana now the Melbourne and Sydney manufac turers will laugh at you.- and how the big London merchants and Adelaide merchants will rub their hands. Abolish the Customs, abolish high rents, abolish large landholders. aboliEh South Australia. Mr. Acres — We have all our nostrums and our crazes at tunes, and, Stumper, yon Beem badly bitten with this land nationalisation craze just now. You will recover, old man, and laugh at the follies of your youth some day. We have all of us who are good for any thing schemes for the reformation of the world and the revolution of society at some period or other during our lives, and we generally have to confess that it was a very good job that our schemes were never adopted, for when subse nnt experiences mature the judgment we out how faulty they were. I believe the scheme you advocate now would, if carried out, result in the most grievous disaster. I read in a book the other day the following paragraph which seemed to me to apply to our case most appropriately : — ' The country is perfectly sur feited by encomiums on free-trade, free break fast tables, free education, &c;, &c; (and here I add free land). Let us all trust that all these free institutions may not be supple mented by just one more, viz., free starvation.' 