A Grand Christinas Number! The Christinas number of the Tows akd . Cotjntet Jouenai. for 18S6 contains matters of i - interest or amusement for young and old.1' Ghosts, fairies, gnomes, and other supernatural] beings, join in the long procession with 'old: men and maidens, young men and children,' to; provide entertainment for the readers of thei Jouenal. The Christmas or holiday resorts ax©: - not forgotten; and a Christmas carol, which can'' be sung on the return home in the train, steamer, i or coach, is provided. Games suitable for the j. parlor, the lawn, and the bush, are explained and! illustrated ; and everything possible has beenj done to cheer the Borrowful (if there are anyi such at this joyful season), to instruct thej - thoughtless, to amuse the hard-working, and to- ' please everybody. ' The beautiful colored supplement is worthy of- . special notice. It is undoubtedly the finest- r : specimen of art color printing yec produced in' the colonies. The drawing is perfect, the print- ] ing gives evidence of special care, the coloring isj most judicious and effective, and the production; reflects the highest credit upon Messrs. Georgaj Murray and Co., Clarence-street, Sydney, whof printed it to the order of the proprietors of the! Town and Countet JotraNAi. Of the illustrations printed in the Town and. Coutstbt Journal itself, the first which Bl«.im«| attention is a charming picture ' Baby's fir%£- Christmas morning.' ' His letter' and ' Nature and Art' present two phases of ' the old oldj story.' Christmas in the Northern Hemisphere:, is illustrated by the ' Skaters in the Old Land/*: ' Christmas Amusemeats in Canada/^ ' Christ-! mas in Spain,' and ' uetting the Christmas! Carol Eeady.' The Australian pictures arej numerous. Holiday parties are shown ' Sketch-; ing in the Domain,' while 'The Landing ofi Cook,' ' By the Sea,' ' Viola,' ' An IdyU of j December,' and several other engravings arej seasonable and appropriate. ' Holiday Spots in.: Australia' comprise ' A Mountain Top' in Tas wania, and, in New South Wales, Peafs Ferry as, it is and as it may be, other scenes on the Hawkes-j ' bury Eiver, Berowra Creek, and other places. i The Christmas edition of the Town an» Cotjntez Joubnal teems with tales, sketches, andj . verses, which are appropriately illustrated, and; ?? will no doubt secure for it a hearty welcotnein the; town or the bush, on large squatters' stationsotj the smaller holdings of the selectors, and among, the miners, the . Bailors, and all other classes ofj the community. 