Amuseinents. THE DEAMA. MUSIC. &c.; Gaiett. — Jbun on the .Bristol is certainly a pheiiouienal success. In this, ita third season in Sidney, there is the same rush to witness it as marked its former representations. Most play goers here may be presumed to hav« the Widow O Biien'e queer sayings by heart; but it i3 wonderful how well they bear repeating, - and what perennial ffn^ Vi n*iiac tnatr caum t-*\ i^A^iTra fi*rim t.ho lino ot the inimitable impersonator of that Hiber nian Mrs. Malaprop. With the exception, how ever, oi those of the Widow her eif and rsetia, the faces in the entertainment are quite new it' not ex act.? the figures. The oyertttic bttsiiiess introduced ia cieverlj done by jar. Knight Aston, Air. Aitred Hoilanu, aiid Mies Sophie Harris. The specialties of Messrs. Walsh auc .hang contribute novably to the performance, and among the novel lectures presented decidedly not tbe least amusing ie that pas de deux between tbe Wiuow and Captain Cranbury i.Mr. Martyn Hosanj, together with their duet of 'Fogaxty's Fancy BalL' Opeka House. — 'Fantine,' which had been re peated during- the previous evenings of the weee, was succeeded last nignt by the '* Bohemian Girl,' unoer Mies Graoie Plaifsted as Arline, and Mr- Charles HardinK as Thadaeus. Mr. Harding' s rendering of the beautiful ballads incidental to the part elicited deservedly warm applause, and Miss Phusied'e spirited performance also found great favor witn the audience. The chorus was effective, and the orchestra up to the usual high level for excellence. This evening- ' La Fille de Madame Angot ' will be given. Thbateb EotaIi. — 'The Magistrate ' shows no signs oi relaxing the firm hold which it has taken of the pubiic. The unuoubted merits of the piece itself, and the capital st- ie in whiua it is interpteted, are, indeed, facts which fully account for the marked favor with wnieh the production has been received. As the central figure, Mr. Ansonexhiidta an admirable talent for comic portraiture. His humor is broad, but yet without the slightest ten dency to vulgarity, and even in situations where there are the strongest inducement* to exaggerate the character, he is careful to .keep it well within artistic limits. Standard. — The weird legend of ' The Flying Dutchman,' has, in that vertionof it which Mr. D&mpier; has presented under the title of 'The Phantom Ship,' been veiy strikingly illustrated,, aloeit the experiment is a hazardous one to attempt in these aays of almost universal scepti cism in ghosts or semi-ghosts of all kinds. Thackeray somewhere speaks of having been thrilled in his youth by the theatrical spectacle of the ' un earthly Vanderaecken, but it is to be feared that modern playgoers, whether youthful or other wise, nave grown much too matter-ot-iaut to seriously accept the mysterious figure of the hero j of that long cruise oS the Cape of Good Hope. The drama is well placed upon the stage, and contains some highly effective scenes. That which represents the breaking up of Yander decken's ship, and his release from tbe curse which his blasphemy had drawn aown upon him, is especially noteworthy, Olympic. — Boucicault's sensational drama of 'The Octoroon,' with which the company, under the management of Mr. D'Arcy Bead, opened thin house on {Saturday sight last, has been repeated all the week. The Jacob M'Ciosky of Mr. Gerald Dillon, and the Salem Scudder of. air. William South have been, perhaps, the most forcible delineations in connection with tnat production. ' Ten Nights in a Bar-room' is announced for this evening. Academt of Music—The attendance has been good at the performances of 'The Crimson Circle ' Combination. Among the most attractive of the novelties which they have offered,. have been tba in strumental solos of .Mips Louise Durand, and the operatic selections of Mrs Helen Gordon Canard. In the minstrel business, Messrs. Holly and L*wton sustain their reputation as efficient corner men, while Miss Edith Wilson, as a jig and skipping-rope dancer, displays ? undeniable suppieneBB and grace. Mdlie. Aireo, the 'Queen of the Air,' will make her first appearance this evening. A t.ix awi3R.a ? — .'Dia TkArfrirm&innA; nf 4vhnTTfl.iM«W flnTn peny continue to be largely patronised. The general minstrelsy, and the specialties in song and dance, are of a style calculated to deserve the steady and liberal support which they had won. Miss Annecta Scasi, a vocalist who ba» studied in Europe, and Mr. Frank Harrington, a eerio comic singer, have been engaged by the lessee of the Alhambra, Mr. frank Smith, and will appear there next week. Benefit. — A benefit was tendered to Mr. Charles Horton, the negro comedian, in the Protestant Hall, Castlereagh-street, on Friday night. An Irish comedy, entitled ** 2f uldoon's Christening,' was the first item on the programme, and wm followed by songs, ballads, Irish and sand -jigs. The entertain ment concluded with a farce, ' Circus Dick.' Pjsotbstakt Hali..— Cottier'* People's Concerts are as popular as ever. To-night, will be i ari vsn 'dstraoised,' 'A 3d Shave,' 'Perplexity,' ' Mary's heard the Neva,' and' a number of athisr farces and scenes. ' Australian WaItvobes.— At this popular plaoe of amusement the Giant Family and 1±ie New Zealand Tom Thumb told their levees this afternoon end evening. ?-.,??!? . ? - ? ' ? ? . ? ; 