A Barraok Gfcost Story. I ' Peisoneb, havo you any objection to bo tried by me as preiiacnt, or by any member of this court martial a»kod ths Hold officer who had biou detailed for the duly of presiding over the court. 'Ito, tir,' I answored ; for it was my molt unenviable situation that morning to bo brought to tho court room for trial, having beon 'put back by my commencing clujer u lew dajs before on a charge of having been aflleop oil my poet whilo on sentry, an offenoa charao tiecd on my indiotmont as ?' conduct in pre judice to good order and military discipline.' Tho members composing the court were thin Bworn, and the trial proceeded in the cumnrouj fashion peculiar to military tribunals, tha prwi dent laboriously writing down every word of the evidence as it was uttered. Tho sorgeant wlio had been beon in chargo of the guara at thotimo of my alleged oiTecoo was the prinoipal witness against me, and ho began to describe, with grotesquely ungrammalical volubilty, how he had found me strelchod on the ground asleep ; but was at onoe pullod up short by the preeident, who ordorrd him to Bay what he had to lay in as few words as possible. 'Was the prisonor sober?' asked ono of tho officers, when the Eergeant had finished his evidence. ' Quite sober, «ir,' replied the man of stripes Cthe men who ojmposed the relief having corroborated the sorgeant's statement, I was called upon f-r my defence. I therefore narrated to tho court that shortly beforo my two hours on duty had eipirod, I saw a whito figure carrying a drawn sword poafl cloie to my pott ; and that, being of a nervous-excitable temperament, I was so frightened that I fell to tho ground in an un conscious state, and onl} rocovorcd when I was loused by the sergeant of the guard. ' Prisoner,' remarked the president, ' in my 20 years' experience of the army, I havo served on numerous courts-martial, and have hoard all kinds of ingenious defenocs put forward by men in your prosent position in oxcuse of tho offences with which thoy were oharged ; but your line of defenco is the moifc remarkable that has como under my observation. Who, do you think, will credit a story of that deeoription ? Assuredly, not I, for ono. Now, prisoner,' continued tho major, in a kindly tone, ' I in net advise you that your action in submitting to the oourt a statement of that deeoription is extremely injudicious. You will do yourself a pos'tive injury by persevering in it, not only with regard to the probable extent of your punish ment, but also to ybur reputation as a soldier. It will be far better for you simply to own that ycu were asleep.. You are a \ young man who has served hut six months in the regiment; so, Tinder the circumstances, assuming that you adopt my BUgg- stion, which is assuredly meant for vour eooo, tho oourt may think fit consist ently with the duty demanded of it by the hard and fait requirements of military law, to re commend a muoh lighter sontenoe of imprison ment than would be administered to an older and more experienced member of the service.' ' I can only tell the truth,' I urged. 'That, then, is your defenoe — that you were frightened by the figure you saw ?' asked the officer, in a tone of vexation. '?That is my defence, sir,' I replied. 'Very well,' said the president, writing down my statement. ' Bsoort, remove the priiontr. Stop ! About his character F Call the captain of Ms company.' My captain, answering the summons, stat ed that my conduct had boon most exemplary, after whiih I received the command ' Lsfi. turn, quick march 1' and was romoved to the guardroom ; and the members of the court mutual began their doliborations on tho dura tion of the period of imprisonment, which they miniil to administer to mo. I shall now re'ato tho facts in connection with tho appearanco of tho ' figure' before alluded to. At 1 o'clock od tho morning of my arrest, I was posted on sontry in front of a wall ?ohieh hod beon built on tho faoo of a cliff over hanging the beach. Why that pattioular spat required guarding, whon any attempt on tho part of a soldier to break out of barracks would be equivalent to oommitticg suicido, as tho rock hud a ehoer unbrokon descent of 150 feet, wai a mattrr of puzzling speculation to tho men of all tho regimunts which in turn occupied tho qu alters I refer to. A tradition, however, which was retailed to mo by an aged veteran who officiatod as n barraok labourer, threir some light on tho subject. Many years before, the colonel of a regiment which was about to ? leave the town in order to embark for India, placed a sentry on tho spot, to prevent his mou from throwing ovor the cliff the rubbish that acoumulateB in changing quarters ; and the re lieving regiment finding this man on duty, had bad supplied his placo without troubling them selves about tho why and wherefore ; tho poBt beoame in oonsequenco a permanent institution, and a sentry guards the wall to thii day. Tho morning on which I was on guard was exceedingly oold and frosty. The moou shono brightly, throwing tho dark ahudoT of . the adioininp nfllaern' mmrtnrn bn.lf.wav across the parade ground in front. In the valley beneath I could see distinctly every gable and ohimney of the houses of the old fashioned town that nestled so oosily in tho hollow betwoon the precipitous cliffs. Tho moon was reflected brightly in the ocean to tho south, and by its light I could even bob tho glittering bayonet of tho sentry who guardod tue Government stores on the pier, a mile dis tant. Our gallant soldiers on duty, however, hrto but little regarded for the picturesque; and, like moat men similarly situated, I was ?wearying for the termination of my two hours' vigil, and littlo inclined to admire tho sur rounding scenory. At length the olook struck 3, and I was at onoe filled with a feeling of cheery satisfaction at the immediate prospootof being relieved and of returning to tho warm guard-room and drinking a oup of hot coffee before turning off to sleep. I heard the sontry on tho gate lustily Bhout ' Sentry go !' as a summons for the roliet to turn out; and just as I was preparing to take a last turn on my post, I perceived, at the ex tremity of the shadow oast by the officers' quarters, a ghostly figure in a long white robe, bearing in its hand a drawn sword. I en deavoured to shout for assistance, but wai so 'harrowed with fear and wonder,' that I was unable to artioulate a singlo word, but stood Jerfeotlj transfixed, staring at tho apparition, t moved slowly past me, but when it turned round and raised its disengaged hand to its white head-covering, as if in Balute, its aipeot to lined me witn terror, tnat bting, as JL men tioned before, of a nervous temperament, I fell to the ground, and only reoovorod consciousness when, a minute or two afterwards, I was vigorously shaken up by the sergeant of the guard. That non-commissioned ofHoer, along with the men of the relief, laughed heartily whon I dctoribed the fright I had reoeived, and re marked that I had besn dreaming. Tho ser geant, however, performed the duty required of him by the rules of discipline in a most inexorable fashion. Ho deprived mo of my arms and belts, and oonfined me in tho priionors' quarters in the guardroom. Next day, I was taken before the command ing offioer, a hot-headed Welshman, whom I shall oall Colonel Morgan, oharged with having been asleep at my post. To him I related par tionlars of the mysterious figure I had Been; but my atatsmont, instead of proving a satis factory excuse for my offence, as I hoped it would, threw the colonol into a state of great indignation, and he at onco romitted me for trial by oourbmartial. On the third day after tho sitting of tho .oourt, I wae informed that my sentence would bo promulgated at foronoon parado. With a sinking heart, I heard the 11 assembly' sounde l, then the ' fall in and shortly afterwards tho bandplayod merrily, as if in mookory of my agitation. Eroorted by a fi'e of the guard, I marohod to tho oentre of tho hollow square into whioh the r- giment had beon formed; nd the adjutant Vead out my sentenoe, whioh was that I should be imp'ieonod with hird labour for a period of 54 dsyi. Appended to tho confirmation of tho prooeer'ings of the (oourt-mariial by tho general commending tho district was a note to the fol lowing effeot : * Considering the nature of the prison' ('(defence, whioh was oalonlated to exoite an u 11 asy feeling among the men of hie regi men', x oonsider the punishment infliotod quito inadequate to tho enormity of his offetco ' Tho next day I was escorted, handcuffed, to a mil ta»y pr.Bon about six miles distant, where, after being medically examined aud weighed I was introduced to a most solect assemblage of orring brtlhren of tho sword, who woro en gaged in tho exhilarating occupation of picking I oakum, alternated with the agrooablo muscular cierciso of 'shot'- drill. Tho liumiliatir.g and degrading oituatbn in which 1 found mjsolf, through no fault of my own, mado me, naturally enough, deeply regrot my folly in having joined tho army, andoxdtod within me unj leajant reflections oa tho gojd prospects in civil lifo which I h»d thrown to the winda. Liko Mickey Kreo's father, in Lever'a ' Charles O'Mallcy,' I heartily ejaou lated, 'Bad luck to the hand that hold tho hammer that struck the shilling that listod me!' Now for the sequel to my ghost story, whioh was related to me when i. was released from durance vilo. Between 2 and 3 o'olook on the morning of the day after I waB taken to prison, a man came screaming into tho guardtoom of tho birracfcs, exhibiting symptons of tho most extromo terror, and declaring that he, too, had seon tho figure while on sentry ; and his description of its appearance was preoisely similar to mioe. The sergeant of the guard at once rushed to the officers' quarters, woke up tha adjutant, and informed him of the ghost's reappearance. A hue-and-cry was at once instituted, and the orderly sergeants having been roused, a ?' check roll ' was called, to a«cortain whether any man had loft his room for tho purpose of playing a practical joke. Every nook and oranny in barracks, from the officers' quarters to tho washhouses, wero rigidly examined ; but the spectre had apparently vanished into thin air, leaving all the regiment in a state of unpleasant sutponso. ' Vfhat'a all the row ? ' shouted the Colonel from the window of his room, he having been awakened by the unusual oomm'otion in bar racks. ' 3 ho ghost has appeared again, sir,' roplied the adjutant. ' Bave you caught him ? ' ' No, sir.' ' If you do, put him, white sheet and all, in the guardroom. I should very muoh like to see tho gentleman,' remarked the Colonel, as he cloted the sash of his window, and returned to bed. 'J hat morning, at orderly hour, Colonel Mor gan remitted the unforfunato fellow who, like mc, had been scared by the mjstoriouB visitant, for triol by court martial, declaring that he would put an effectual eheok on these absurd fancies of tho sontnes ; and immediately beforo tho usual parade he delivered a most charac teristic warning on the subject. After describing ths condign punishment which any praotiool joker, whether offioer or private, might expeot if caught in the act of playing the ghost, the commanding officer furiously exolaimed, '? When a soldier is on duty, I ex pect he will stick to his post even sup posing the Evil One himself Bhould make ms appearanoe ; and I will try by oourt-martial any man who dares to aot oontrary to my express injunctions. That afternoon, however, when the guard mounted, the adjutant privately gav-) orders that the oldest soldier should be detailed for the second relief on tha haunted post; and this selection fell on a brawny Yorkshireman, a Crimean and Indian veteran, named Sykes. Sykes at once intimated it as his intention to havo a shot at the spectre ; and being filled with a superstitious belief in tho efficacy of a silver bullet whon fired at a visitor from the world of spirits, vowed that ho would hammer up his day's pay of sixpence and place it in a cartridge, to make suro of 'doing for' the ghost, even although ho knew tho operation referred to would epoil the price of a quart of beer. Tho sergeant of the guard having seriously inquired of tho adjutant, whether, in the event of the figure again making its appearance, the sentry would bo empowered to firo at it, ' I think not,' the officer laughingly observed. 'If it is a real ghost, then I'm afraid a bullet won't be of much service. If it is a practical joker, then we'll make it ' hot ' enough for him witnout snooting mm. That evening at meaj, the appearance of the spectre was tho general themo of conversation tmong tho officers; but all of them, however, expressed their incredulity with regard to tho ttcry. A few of the youngstors, whoie curiou-ity wos strongly oxci'.ed on the subject, mado up their minds to keep watch beside the sentry, bo as to pounce on the spirit when it made ita appearono, and arranged to lake with them a pot bulldog belonging to the Colonel, to assist in the operation. 'Won't you join us, sir?' asked a young ensign, addressing tho oommanding officer. '? I think not,' he replied. 'I am tired, and shall go to bed. If you catch the ghost — whioh I suspect ii likely to be one of tho men — olap him in irons, and put him in a coll. I'll attend to him to-morrow. When Colonel Morgan left the messroom, he visited tho haunted post beforo retiring to his quarters, whioh wore close at hand. Aftor replying to the Bsntry'e challenge, he aBked SykeB, 'Have you seen anything as yet!' ' Not y«t, sir,' repliod iho man. ; 'I don't think that it is likely you will oither,' remarked tho Colonol, with a laugh, as he retired to his room. Shortly afterwards, when the olook atruok two, tho young offioers left the messroom, and cautiously stolo ovor the barrack square to tho placo wht.ro ' the spirit held his wont to walk.' Poor Sykes wos very glod of thoir oompany ; for, though h« was a man of undoubted pluok, and groaUy respected iu tho regiment for hie pugiiiatio prowess, he was not at all bright at the prospect of tackling tho ghost all by himself. He paced about on his post, keeping a sharp lookout, and tho officers crouched under tho Bhadow of the wall ; while the dog took up its quarters in the sentry-tox. A littlo beforo 8, they wero startled by the abrupt appearance of the apparition, which carriod as before a drawn sword. ' Vf ho comes thore ? ' shouted Sykes, bring ing his rifle to tho ' oharge.' The spectre msde no answer, but slowly raissd its left hand to its forehead. She dog, with a loud growl, sprang out of the box and ruihed open-mouthed at the figuro ; but when ho approsohed it, he began to wag his tail, and evinced symptoms of great satisfaction. The officors and tho sentry at onoe surrounded the ghost, and found, to their most intonso astonishment, that it was no other than Colonel Morgan .himself, attired in his nightdress, in a Btate of somnambulism ! nt tlia naVinrr him -arhila in that condition, they followed him to his room, whither he almost immediately returned, and there they saw him sheathe his sword and return to bed seemingly oblivious of their presence. Next morning, he was apprisod of the cir cumstances of the oase ; ana tho poor Colonel was naturally very much oonoerned on learn ing the nature of tho malady of whioh he had be*n an unconsoious victim. Of course his first action was to write an explanation to the General, with a requost for my release ; and his next, to publish in regimenteil orders his regret for the trouble he had unwittingly occasioned. Several red tape formalities had to be gone through ; and it was some days before I was astonished and delighted by an intimation from tho prison goremor that I was free, and was handed over to the oharge of a corporal, who had been sent to bring mo to my regiment. When I entered tho barraoks, I was ordered to proceed at onco to the commanding officer's quarters. Colonel Morgan shook hands with me, and expressed his extreme concern that he had been tho innooent cause of my having been subjected to ouch ignominy. 'No wonder that I frightened you, my lad,' he observed, with a smile. After inform ing me that he was about to prooeed on leavo —with tho intention of undergoing a oourse of medioal triatmont to ouro him of his danger ous propensity to walk in his sloop— he pre sented me with £5 by way of solatium ; and furthor gratified mo by saying that having nBoertainod I was of good oharaoter and well eduoated, he had that day placed mo in orders m having beon appointed lanoe-eorparal. 'Always behavo yourself, my lad, and I shan't forgot you,' Baid tho Colonel; and I left his quarters perfeotly overjoyed with my good luck, scaroely boliovi' g hat tho ploasant, affable, kindly gontleman with whom I had conversed was the hectoring, bullying oun mander, who was tho torior of his regunont The Colonol fsithfully kopt his word to mo. When ho rejoined the corps, completely curod of his complaint, I waB promoted r-ipidly ; an 1 eight years subsequently, thraugh tho inllaoaoj of n y pitron, General Morgan, I was ga/.dtted as quartermaster of my regimont. 