Cales, ®tc. ILL-WON PEERAGES; OB, AN UNHALLOWED UNION. CHAPTER XLV. TUB THUNDER BTJBSTB. BY M. L. O'Bnnra. Author of " Leixlip Oastle," "The Pale and too Septs," eta.) * Bat now estranged, divoro'd for ovar, Far as the grasp of fate can sever; Our only ties what lore has wove In faith, friends, country sundor'd wide; And then, then only, true to love. When false to all that's dear beside.' FIBE WottsmppEBs. • 'Tls e'en BO ! The parting soul dotli gather all her fires around her, All her glorious hopes, and dreams, and burning aspirations, To illume the shadowy dimness of the untrodden path Which lies before her ; and, encircled thus, Awhile she sits in dying eyes, and thenco Sends forth her bright farewells.' HFCMAN8. WHIM oonfuBion and dismay prevailed in the mansion of Don Antonio M'Mabon, and Maurice, distracted, tan to fetch hie mother, and Don Antonio sent for a clergyman ; and Effie and Nellie, believing themselves involved in the fate of Alphonse, and ready to give np the ghost—a fate from which their more vigorous constitution and smaller participation in the sweetmeats saved them— greedily Bwallowed doseB of physio, and dolefully prepared for their eod; and Alphonse, partially restored by strong stimulants and antidotes, got short snatohos of uneasy rest, and betimes showed symptoms of delirium, and raved at intervals; Milen, the only one who had not forgotten Fr. Fitzpatrfoh and his urgent need of a patron in this honr of tritil to shield him from the power of his enemies, bethought of Florence Esmond, and without a moment's delay, snatching np his hat, he hurried off to Harooart-street, to see and engage her to interest her brothers and friends in favour of the defenceless prisoner. Shaken from his centre by the Boene he bad just witnessed, deploring the sadden calamity that had befallen his friends with one fell stroke, smiting at onoe so many, and wondering could it indeed have been through the medium of the bon-bont or by any other yet unasoertained agency, Alphonse had unconsciously swallowed the baneful infusion—for an idea that the event was more than accidental catastrophe had not as yet possessed any mind, and none wonld countenance the idea of a fatal termination to it—he arrived at the house, and was ushered iDto the drawing-room, where he waited some time, impatiently, before the door opened, and entered, not Florence, but Marmion Esmond, with his brother Peroy. With haughty formality eaob bowed to Miles, who, retaining a sense of the mission on which he had oome, and willing to oonoiliate those whom he anticipated wonld ere long stand in nearer relationship to him, oonrteously returned the greeting, sad said: ' I am glad to see you, my friends, for though 1 had asked for Miss Esmond, you are more to my present purpose, sinoe I have needjjto sue your favour in a case of deep emergency, confident that I shall not appeal in vain to tbe generous magnanimity of your nature, and the potency of your influential interest to confer the boon I crave.' ' Sir,' loftily returned Marmion Esmond, ' any boon oompatible with our honour, dignity, and social status, we shall be happy, If in our power, to aooord to your suit :; bat before you proceed further, havingan inkling of its nature front my sister, Miss Esmond, who, no later than yesterday, surprised us by stating that you, presumptuously aspiring to herhand, had so far forgotten our relative positions as to propose for an allianee with our family—now, sir, if yon give your good sense fair play, upon cool reflection you must admit that any oonneotion between our wealthy and arretooratio family, and an impoverished Popish family, many of whose members—yourself not least oonspiouously— have signalised themselves aB standardbearers in the van of insurreotion—would be derogatory and obnoxious to the last degree, and shall never have our consent or sane tlon.' 1 Captain Esmond, responded Miles, throwing hack his stately figare, and fixing upon the other an austere aspeot, beneath whose strong expression of concentrated scorn and majestic dignity he appeared to dwindle and shrink away, 'I thank you for the opportunity you have given me of acquainting you with your own antecedents, and the light in whioh I and lay family regard you and yours. Far other theme had I oome hither this day to broaoh, bat einoe you have ooeroed me into another iubjeot. and flung in my faoe a .gauntlet, I take it up, and thus retort your audacious challenge :—Marmion Esmond, in the year 1626* my family was in possession of the extensive territorial possessions ot its ancestors, *hloh had been restored by letters patent nam Elizabeth and James I. Lord Esmond, }0or progenitor, an unjust and rapaoioos in- JMer. confederated with Sir Riohard Gratan, Sir William Parsons, and, I regret to u di Sir Hers Fitzgerald, by fraud, violenoe, •fed suborning false witnesses, to wrest from ••and partition among them onr fathers' Mritgge from immemorial time. They snored in their nefarious scheme of plunder, J™ several members ol our ruined family ""grated to Franoe, where they served 'Cute's " Idfo ot Ormonde." published 1785-6. n the brigades, among them, my randfather; while others of them, who et clung to fatherland, engaged in various ommercial pursuits, and in time acquired, despite penal restrictions on Catholic industry and enterprise, woalth and honour, the remnant of the once princely heritage of Fiech Mao Aodh, the last of the independent Wioklow toparchs, our forefather, being now vested in the hands of Robert Byrne of Cabinteely, whose kinsman I stand here to demand restitution of that usurped proporty of ours, upon which, pluming your nakedness with stolen feathers, you arrogantly claim as yours that to whioh you area false pretender ; and to .make bold assertion to your teeth thatl, MilesO'Byrne, your equal—nay more, your peer—honours you by offer of an alliance more noble might not decline. Let me see Miss Esmond, whose pleasure I consult, not yours. The question restB botween us alone to settle.' The grand vizier has spoken,' said Marmion Esmond, bowing low in mockery, and, addressing his brother: ' Let Miss Esmond some, and hear from the lips of her naturbl guardians and protectors what she must have to expect if she will persist in the mad whim of degrading her family, and uniting herself with an Irish fortune-hunter, whoBe highest boast is that he is oome of a very anoient savage pedigree, and that the wild glebe they once tilled has pasBed into better handB.' • Peroy went, and soon returned with Florence, pale and subdued. Miles, intercepting Marmion, steppod between, and took her hand. You loved me, Florenoe, you said?' he oried, looking earnestly into the depth of her olear, dewy eyes. 'Yes, Miles,' she faltered; I have dlsoloBed, as you wished, to my friends our mutual attachment.' You did well. Now say, dearest, what waB the one object whioh I told you alone disputed pre-eminonce with even your dear love for empite of my bosom?" She blushed, and was silent. He raised himself, and aocosted Marmion : " When the tempter suggested that ours should be a clandestine love, secured by seoret flight, the voice of honour spoke aloud to my heart and bade me spurn the unworthy act. That same voioe again issues its imperious mandate, whioh I oannot choose but obey, thejwhite it sounds the knell of my doom. Florenoe, I loved, I love, shall ever love you ? And had not fate stepped between, metbinkB ours had been a happy wedded love; but the dream, like every dream of my life, is_ broken.' She fixed her eyeB pensively on his stormtossed countenanoe, while passionately he prooeeded: 'Had yon been a dowerless maid, wooed and won, not in Percy's nor in Marmion's power had it been to sunder from my hand the treasure I would have yielded only with my life. But never, never, shall it be theirs to say that Miles O'Byrne, an Irish fortune-hunter, a Popish rebel, carried off their wealthy sister to mend his fortune with her gold. Farewell, sweet Florenoe, best of your raoe! Farewell, and pray for the plundered pariah, whose rejected friend ship might yet be estimated at cost more preoious than the drosB against whioh it was weighed.' ' Stay! Oh, stay! Oome baok, oh, Miles!' soreamed Florenoe, waking from her bewildered tranoe, and flying to the door in pursuit of the wildly-retreating Miles. Marmion threw himself between them. ' Baok, Florenoe 1—baok 1 By Jove I I didn't think the fellow had so much spirit. So muoh the better for yourself. Listen, girl, once more to what I tell you had been the sequel of your flighty oonduct: expulsion from your family, opprobrium, degradation, poverty; for think not we would have suffered without litigation your money to go into such hands, whom, probably, the end would see transported for a swindler, and yourself looked up in an aBylum as one demented. There, do as all young ladies do, baulked of their first love—play the tragedyqueen, sigh, and shed sentimental tears. Here's Ethel oome to comfort you. Oome, Peroy, let us be off; Carhampton awaits.us at tbe Castle.' There are natures soft, warm, impressionable, whose inflammatory emotions, kindled by sharp friction of pain, explode like a rocket or a magazine into whioh a spark has fallen, and subside in sullen gloom amid the heart-wreok they have wrought over the grave of their blighted hopes and extinguished life-lights. Florenoe Esmond did not belong to this olass; she was rather one of those who might be compared to_ a lofty tower riven by a thunderbolt to its very foundation, yet which proudly stands the shook, which, nevertheless, as surely dooms it to desolation and decay, gradual and irreparable. AB one frozen and oongealed she sat, mute, tearless, listening to Ethel's entreaties to speak and tell her what had happened, with dull, cold ear, still thinking over and over to herself the one thought: "I loved him so truly, and he is gone, gone for ever! I know him; and Marmion and Peroy have wrought this woe!' And in this train she mused on, while the object of her thoughts, chafing with the memory cf Esmond's galling taunts and rebuff, fiercely wrestling with the agony of his spirit, and priding himself upon his Spartan manhood that oonld, with unrelenting hand, dash the oap of bliss from his own lip, paced along with lordly strides, looking to neither right nor left, but vainly striving to banish from his mind the image of Florence Esmond, and repiaoe it with a crowd of other oooupants. He arrived at Don Antonio's residence just as O'Dtisooll had preceded him, anxiooi and miserable, with a new care weighit upon his heart. His mother, whose fieall bad been long ailing, too hastily apprised ol Alphonse's condition, had fallen into one of her swooning fits, and, though better when he left her, had to retire to her room, to whioh he feared she would be some time confined; and then hastily he inquired of the servant about Miss Fitzpatrick. The menial replied that there was no perceptible improvement; that another doctor had been called in, and the two were then with Don Antonio in the drawing-room. Miles and O'Drisooll went up to find Effie and Nelly hanging about the lobby to waylay the physicians as the oame forth for an opinion upon their own oase; and as the two gentlemen entered the drawing-room they followed without ceremony, eager to make known some nondescript symptoms that tronbled them to the men of lore. Don Antonio's face, as Miles and O'Drisooll oonceived, did not express an air of much satisfaction; nor did the physicians, when questioned as to their hopes of the patient, give very definite opinion. One shrugged his shoulders, and said: ' She has youth on her side, and an unimpaired oonBtitniton. We hope the best.' The other added: "Whatever the faoulty has prescribed in such oases we have administered, but it was a serious mistake not to have called in advice immediately upon symptoms supervening the swallowing of the bonbon Then you believe it was the bonbon* Undoubtedly ; I have known many children poisoned by eating those noxious compounds of plaster, and arsenio, and other deleterious colouring stuff and ingredients.' Sir, do you think we'll die ?' exolaimed Effie, whose terror broke loose and defied all control. ' We ate a lot of them, Nelly and I.' I see nothing to indicate such casualty, my dear; but if you wish, I'll order you emetics,'smiled Dr. Adrien. 'Meanwhile, sir'—he turned to Don Antonio as he left the room—' remember, above all things, the patient is to be kept quiet and free from exoitement till the feverish symptoms are abated, and we can, after neutralising the effects of tbe drug, get up her exhausted strength.' They departed; and for the rest of the day a piu might have been heard to fall in tbe house. Don Antonio, in his anxiety for Alphonse, merging solicitude for his nephew, deputed MileB and Maurice to find where he had been conveyed, and do what they oould in his behalf, while he himBelf eat down to write to various parties whoBe interest he hoped might be of avail in the young man's oase. Early the following day O'Drisooll, accompanied by Miles, who met him by appointment, hastened to make inquiries about the invalid. Upon being told she passed a reBtless- night, but was now a little more composed, as the dootors expeoted, they went up Btairs, and met Effie on the landing, who whispered: ' L»dy Alioia's just come; she's in the drawingroom, and wanted to go up to Alphonse, but I told her she couldn't, that Don Antonio and the nurse was with her, and tbe dootors coming.' ' My dear Maurice,' cried the lady, ooming to the door as they entered, and her look expressed so muoh feeling that O'Drisooll, rescinding former impressions, thought: ' Well, you are a generous, noble-bearted oreature, and I was mistaken in my contrary opinion.' ' Poor darling Alphonse! Ooly this morning I heard she was so ill, and came off at once to see her. What do the dootors say ? My poor fellow.' ' We must wait till we hear what they say to-day. She Kas hod a bad night,' said Maurice, with a choaking in his throat. • Of course we hope the best.' ' Poor dear, of course you do, Sweet Alphonse !' ' It was the bonbons you gave her, Lady Alioia,' said Miles, ' that siokened her.' ' Sir, what do you want to insinuate f screamed Lady Alioia, with brow of thunder, and lightning in her eyes. ' Do you dare to say the bonbons contained poison, and that I wilfully oonspired against Miss Fitzpatriok's life?' ' I did not use the words poison or life,' oalmly replied Miles. ' I merely said the bonbons siokened her.' ""' Beware what you say, sir. Iam not one to be assailed with impunity ; and I have friends powerful and prominent to do my behest and redress my grievance,' retorted the lady, with a hissing tone and vindiotive aspsat of an envenomed snake about to dart its fangs. So terrible was the effect of her Bpeech, and gesture of rage and alarm, that for the first time an awful suspicion, that was almost oonviotion, flashed into tbe soul of O'Drisooll, and shuddering he recoiled from the touch of her oold fishy hand, as one electrified by oontaot with a torpedo; while, grasping his, she oontinned, in agitated strain ; ' Wonld you believe me oapable of it —of anything so base P O'Byrne, you wioked wretch I' ' My dear Lady Alioia, compose yourself, oried Maurioe, soothingly. 'My friend Miles has said nothing absolutely that oould be oonstrned into the smallest offence. I might myself be open to the reproof, innocently, of giving sweetmeats to someone that disagreed, .But who said the bonbons were poisoned, ana that I gave them to her P said Lady Alioia, now weeping hysterically upon Maurice's shoulder. ' The dootor said they were poisoned. Where did yon get them, and have you any moreP' ' Then the dootor is a liar, and he is in the plot against me. They oame to me from Franoe; I have eaten of them myself. Oh, cruel, cruel, Maurioe, to bear saw a charge and not. knock down the traduoer; but I will deal with him.' Suppose they were poisoned ; you might not have known it,' said Maurioe. ' Yon make too much of it.' Oh, Maurioe, you ore a dear fellow to try and comfort mo so. I don't believe they were poisoned; but, if it BO happened, I would lie down and die at your feet for my unluoky hand in the accident. Bat is she so ill P Is sbe beyond hope ? What does the dootor say? I was just going to ask was it fever, or any contagious disorder, when I was interrupted ; and I would go upHOW to see her, but that little girl told me Don Antonio was with her. Won't you tell me how she is? You said she had a bad night? ' So I heard, Lady Alicia; but she is more tranquil to-day,' said Maurioe, ' and I hope the best.' To be sure ; I deolare I feel so relieved ! What gave her the bad night, do you think? Maybe some one incautiously told about her brother, the priest, and that may have disqueited her, poor thing.' "No. What! do you know anything of, him? We have been trying to make him' out, MileB and I,' said O'Drisooll, eagerly. ' Oh, don't you know?—if not perhaps I should not tell you ?' 'Yes, yes, pray tell Jus; a murderous certainty is better than torturing suspense.' ' He is dead, unhappy man; refnsed to answer all queBtious put to him, and died in Beresford's Mews, at Drumcondra, last night—so Claudius told my unole. Don't say a word of it to poor Alphonse. Ob, bythe-bye, Maurioe, I want you to do me a favour, ; I am going on Monday next to Lady Aldborough s rout, and you know I'd like to look my best. Would you coax dear Alphonse to lend me the pearl suit your mother gave her P I'd prefer a loan of her uncle's diamonds, and if I asked him myself I'm sure he'd oblige me ; but his manner is so stiff and unpleasant it repels one; so I most be oontent with the pearls just for one night. Effie will take your message and run up and get them for me.' ' Alphonse is to be kept quiet, the dootor says, and we couldn't tease her for them now,' cried Effie, looking at ^Maurioe, who replied: ' There's time . enough yet between this and Monday, Lady Alioia; she oannot be disturbed now. And so they have murdered poor Fitzpatrick ?' 'Oh, you know he was a United Irishman ; they couldn't help it; the country must be pacified. Of course it is very sad, and we are all so sorry ; but oonldn't Effie run up and get the jewels quietly ? Alphonse need know nothing of they'll be back before she wants them, and I'd like to see what dress would suit them." I oonldn't do it, Lady Alioia,' returned Maurioe, in tone more hard and firm than ever she had heard from him. ' Exouse me if I go; I hear the dootor's carriage. Oome, Miles.' 'Then I may go,' sighed Lady Alicia, and as I drive through town on my return, I'll oall to hear the news. Effie, would you like a drive in the oarriage ?' 'No, I would not,' bluntly responded Effie, yet rueing the bitter memory of bonbons and emetics. • Wouldn't you like, dear, to go and see your old friends, tbe Misses Hodgenses P I'll take you, if you wish, there.' • No, thank you, I don't wish to see the Misses Hodgenses;' and Effie decamped from the saloon, while Lady Alioia made her way, unattended, to tbe hall-door. ' Maurice/ said Miles, as they waited in tbe dining-room the return of the dootor, and saw her step into her chariot, ' avoid that woman; there's a fiend in her eye; woe betide the man that shall oall her wife,' and with a pang at his heart he dashed away a tear that had sprung to his eye, and tnrned to sean the backs of the books in a glassease beside him. Two hours later, Florenoe Esmond, yielding to the persuasion of her cousin, Ethel Courtney, ordered the jaunting-oar, and mournfully apathetie, aooompanied her to pay a visit to Alphonse, of whose illness they had not even heard. As they drew up before tbe house, Ethel uttered an exclamation, and Florence a moment abstraoted from her sorrow, fixed a gaze of surprise upon the shrouded windows. ' Someone is dead ; it must be Don Antonio,' oried Ethel. They descended from the oar and knooked at the door ; a servant opened it, and bursting into tears murmured : ' She's is just gone balf-an-hour, Mies.' • Who ?' oried Florence, pushing her way into the parlour, while Ethel ran up stairs.' ' Poor Alphonse,' said Miles, dejectedly, ooming forward, leading her in by the hand and oloBing the door. ' Poor Alphonse is dead; I'm glad you've oome, Florenoe.' ' Alphonse dead !' exolaimedFlorenoe, forgetting every other thought, and fainted way. {To be continued.) A HYBTEBiotrs package was lately handed to the Secretary of the Swansea Hospital, On being opened it was found to oontain £500. Two years ago a oheque for £1150, and last year a oheque for £1000, were given in the same mysterious manner. All attempts to ascertain the name of the donor have hitherto been futile. WELLS' "BOUGH OS COBHB." — Ask for Wells' "Rough on Corns." Quick relief, com. plete,permanent cure. CornB, warts, bunions. Felton, Grimwoda & Go, Agents, Melbourne. MAKE it a rnle to drink WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS It creiates no false appetite, but has an in. vigor&tiag; effect. 