YEPPOON. TUR celerity with which tlic bridge work at Jim Crow Creel; is being pushed on gives promiso of an carly completion of that structure. Charlie Taylor, thc experienced and genial " whip "of thc mail coach, will not llave then anymore "hairbreadth escapes" which bc has been liable to any -wet season during his reign on this road. But a " whip," of Iiis experience, who, in his journeyings of twenty-two years on the roads of the colo- nies without an accident, might now bc con- sidered to bc''casehardened,"and free from any cbaucc of a mishap under any circumstances. Thc traveller with Charlie can rest assured of being up to time. He has a penchant for being punctual. How few people there arc who can say thc same. Woe betide thc traveller by his coach who is not up to time; he will assuredly bc left behind. It is a relief to get out of town during sweltering weather, such as lately experienced, and to bc able to bowl along a fairly good road behind a team of four liorscsaccustomedtopull well together. Thc spirits arc raised, and one feels a Tightness altogether refreshing in com- parison with thc every day round and common task iu perambulating the muni- cipality. Before wc can fairly realise thc fact thc four hours' journey is accom- plished, and if one is fortunate enough to have dear friends there to greet one on arrival, thc pleasure is enhanced ten-fold when you alight to receive their welcome. My bright little fellows wore on the gui vive. I hailed their welcome with delight, as it was born oi good spirits and robust health, the outcome of a brief and pleasant sojourn at this sea-side retreat, coupled with the love that beamed from their bright eyes, which sparkled at the presence of their paler. The coach baa not been long in when the mail was delivered. But there was business on hand, as a meeting of the Yeppoon Jockey Club bad been announced to be held last Saturday evening. There was a fairly good muster of members, some twelve having rolled up. Host Perkins' large room was put in requisition. Mr. Robert Ross, one of thc princes of the turf, having been called upon to preside, he opened the proceedings in his accustomed genial manner. He explained that the meeting hod met to decide upon a course which a sub- committee had been ap- pointed to examine and report on. When this was done it would bc necessary to decide 1 upon tho date of the Easter meeting, and finally to arrange a programme. All this could bc done at the present meeting. Mr. J. V. Barry, the club's secretary and also one of the race-course committee, read a report, the gist of which was that tho committee had decided upon the site forming a portion of the Hon. C. S. D. Melbourne's land near the township, upon which some ex- penditure had been made, and tbe further sum the Club had authorised would put the course in fair running condition. Mr. R. D. Melhuish then moved, and Mr. S. Tucker seconded, and it was carried-That Mr. Mel- bourne be written to by the Secretary, setting forth the Club's requirements, and asking his «Titten sanction to use the land and remove such portion of the fencing as would bc necessary in thc formation of the course. The mover explained it was necessary to adopt this course in order that thc Club might have a proper record of thc proceedings in this behalf. The meeting then partook of a con- versational character. It was resolved after a lively discussion that Easter Monday, 20th April, be fixed as the Club's race day ; that six events form the programme, two before lunch and four afterwards. The first race to bc tho Three-Year-Old Stakes, 1 mile, weight for age. The second race the Selling Stakes, once round thc course, welter weight for age, winner to be Bold for a pound, any surplus to go to thc Club. The third race was fixed to be the Yeppoon Jockey Club Handicap of j £25, H mile. Mr. Whitman guaranteed this j prize. ~ The fourth race ¡B to be thc Stock- man's Purse, for Jtona file stock horses only, with stockmen up, 1 mile. The fifth race was decided uñonas the Consolation Stakes, a forced handicap for all horses, losers admitted on payment of fee. The sixth and last race of the day was bit upon as the Pony Race, J mile, catch weights. A subscription list WUB opened in the room, when all put down their names, and a goodly sum was promised for a day's sport, which should commend itself to all lovers of such pastime. If the weather be propitious, there I can hardly be a doubt of thc success of the gathering. The secretary was authorised to obtain subscriptions, and advertise all details. Thc meeting concluded with enthusiasm. Mr. \V. Whitman took advantage of the occasion to invite the company to refresh in the i orthodox manner. An outing to the works of the Yeppoon Sugar Company ÍB one of the pleasures of a stay at the township. But for the fact that Sart of the road is like the one said to he to ordan, " a hard road to travel" the outing is pleasant enough ; but thc sandy scrub flat to be crossed between the beach and thc plantation is certainly a caution, and requires a good bit of stuff to negotiate it. I happened to be pretty well circumstanced in that respect, but with the temperature in thc 90°'s and only a light breeze behind, the half-hour spent in that patch going, and the same j coming back, literally put one in a pro- fuse perspiration ; indeed it was a clear case of melting moments. But on arrival at thc plantation the aspect of affairs is altered, and thc eye meets thc waving cane-fields in luxurious growth. Thc position of this property appears all that could well be desired. That the hand of man should have transmogrified thc wild bush into this smiling estate in so brief a period is in itself a marvel. In the absence of the manager, Mr. Bruce very kindly did the honours of thc plantation, and showed us the ponderous machinery and explained its uses. It appears to be a well-ordered con- cern. Thc shareholders naturally hope for a revival in thc sugar market, when their pro Certy will be to them a good dividend-paying usiuess. j I regret to hear the finny tribes in Yeppoon Creek have been subjected to dynamite charges. This is not sport to them, nor do I think it will l>c generally admitted to be sport in thc true sense of thc term. That thc wholesale slaughter of fish in that fashion was never contemplated by Isaak Walton I feel sure ; it is almost sufficient to resuscitate his corpse and make bim appear even as a ghost of his former self, to scare in- dividuals addicted to such practices. I hope I shall not hear of any more dynamiting in this relation. It is said that Sunday is parted with at Limestone Creek, on the way to Yeppoon. Ile that as it may, on the several occasions I have visited the township there have not been any religious services held there. With all our boasted civilisation and Christianising principles we cannot afford to neglect such things. What will be the con- sequence to the rising generation ? They will simply ignore the day of rest ia its true or ; ; ? ; , 7,-îf-!'-. defined meaning. Can good come of this? It waa openly remarked to me in the township that .Sunday is like every other day, and even worse than many. The fact was patent to the most casual observer. Thc rector of the Anglican Church bas an estate near at hand, Land was purchased for on Anglican Church a long time since, but I am told no services have been held, and there thc matter rests, and is likely to do so, until somebody makes an active move. I understand services arc occasionally held by other denominations, but only rarely. There is quite sufficient evidence to believe that Yeppoon is going ahead. It rests, how- ever, with its inhabitants and well-wishers to make it what they express themselves they would like to sec it. By combined action a great deal may bc done. There requires a moving spirit to be abroad-somo one who has thc "savee" to know what ¡B wanted, and who has the tact and ability to carry it out. Residents of thc district may know such a person. If they do, let them join in support- ing him by purse and influence to carry out works for thc commonwealth. Upon my return journey on Monday Mr. Wyatt showed me a ram arii in thc form of a white hawk, which had been captured without any mutilation by young Mr. Ather- ton. It is intended to forwurd it to one of thc societies in Victoria. 