PARISIAN ECHOES. PARIS, 10th October. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) There is crusade to have the lunacy laws amended. It is to be hoped the first change will be not to libcrate any inmates to test insanity , unless accompanied by keepers. As in 'every' r c6unfcry, it is-not the 7 getting into,'bntthBgetting out oft he' asylum which is the diffibulty.' Baron Haussmann’s nephew appears to have been incarcerated without the nebessary formalities, perhaps to obviate ; a criminal prosecution for attempted murder. The ingenious simplicity of his escape," and the inability' to’ discover'his whereabouts, seem proofs that he had not lost'his Senses.- ; "An ex-soldier named Louvery was incar cerated in' the lunatic asylum of -Autun; pending-ll* months he was confined in a cell, chained by]the feet, and-to a -wall, as' cattle are tied up when feeding in a meadow; his aruis were also confined in a kind of stocks; He worked with a-Baron Schenck tenacity; and effected Iris escape, bringing with him his fetters, that' he deposited with'- the local commissary of police,-and implored his pro tection. Investigation established the truth? fulness of the charge,, and, further, that the unfortunate man had never been insane. ' The' gendarme- Cabis, : who : shot a young man'dead- while walking -with his love through a wood to a suburban railway station; has been acquitted. The deceased seemed .to-be'laboring under the not at all unfounded impression that the constable was a r&ndiviste;, as it was twilight. He rushed-forward and broke'his cane over the officers head, - when the constable drew a private' revolver; lodging'the ball 7 between his aggressor’s eyes. 'There was no pre meditation, the gendarme simply lost' his head; The case was tried before a' court martial, and illustrated 1 how little sympathy, still- less fair-play, any policeman can ex pect from civilian opinion, and which, in advance, simply considered him to be too good' for the guillotine. \- Ayoung girl was kidnapped into a brothel, and, in despair of resisting an old gentleman, threw'herself out of; a window;. She was conveyed to the hospital in a' dying state] The Pall JUa.il might'send over one of its commissioners, to see if they manage these things differently in France. Husbands killing adulterous wives aud their paramours are so common as to be unattractive. An engine- driver caught his-life-long frieud in an 7 -unquestionable ■ relationship -with his wife. He stabbed the paramour with a narrow chisel till' tired 'doing so. The Victim implored bis pardon, aud also to cease the stabbing, ,as he was mortally dis posed of;- The husband then gave the victim a glass of water, kissed him, -sought a stretcher, and-was in- the act of helping to carry.-the dying man to the hospital; when the police arrested him. Avery revolting case of infanticide • has occurred at Epiual. The wretch-mother burned, in the presence of a daughter, aged 10 years, her new-born child in the furnace] Next, day the police visited the house, and caught the-mother cooking the' breakfast, and burning the remainder of the little stranger’s carbonised - bones under the pot. .The greatest difficulty was experienced to protect the woman from the-crowd; no less than seven persons: volunteered to tear her to .atoms. ■ •: ’ -So; far as the administrative: part of the exhibition- of ISS9 is concerned, it is-now organised, and to all.appearances well.''- Is there any mystery planning over the: inten tions of themonarchal Powers of- Europe to put the republican centeuary into. Coventry.' Russia: certainly could not'join at'the pre sent such an alliance, and-England certainly never would. - . : h : .- i- -•' ? . M. Renan has brought out- anotherphilo sophical' skit, called the: ‘‘Abbes’sc de Jouarre.” The author indulges in the’usual flummery about.the true, the- beautiful,-and ■the good; &c.; -His last.bagatelle, still left creation',-occupied making'the -creator. He gives no news as to what stage of progress -that philosophy lias reached; Perhaps- it will be made knowu.in “ our -next,”. as M. Renan, is occupied with an. exhaustive work ,on ; modern religion. The -cry.is; still they come. But to return to om-vioutons. . The ;abbess is the, spirit of the superioress', who presided over, the, ancient convent, on-whose site the College.of France,-or the Sorbonbe; close neighbors, was founded. ' Xhe abbess is reproached for her state of celibacy; and .the inutility of her cloister- life.. _ln a word; the old, .old story.’ Shakespeare disposed: of the ..whole subject in three lines, commencing with,.“ But earthlier happy is .the Tose.dis till’d.” Renan beats the idea into a volume] Honor to-whom”is - due. -The Scandina vians have, now the crank for.trade schools. The originator of the: plan was the Swiss, J] J.. Rousseau, .who ;in ' his Emile —that no young lady ought to read ; under pain:-of being lost—laid- down that every . pupil attending school, ought to be taught some manual trade. In, Sweden,; Denmark,-and Finland the name “Sloyd.” is applied to the system. The; aim is to alternate studies or book knowledge; with training in,some ordi nary trailer-carpentry, locksmith,- &c.;, gra duating the industrial' instruction accord ing to the age of the scholar,' com mencing at -four, years up to the period of quitting the schools., This addition of hand to the programme for head work, is calculated to make pupils love and honor lubor—to; be useful in their own homes, and,- if destined for an artisan, to'be .’more - skilled for the vocation. .Frrebel has demonstrated the utility of. the system-in his Kindergarten plan of teaching the young idea how to shoot; lu, Paris the trade schools are so numerous, and so well attended, that they have practically killed apprenticeship. ! \- With-the view of giving an impulse to the .increase-of population, it is proposed that; all persons born in certain large cities be 'exempted from, military' service. This privi lege’exists in, and -only for, Constantinople. Better exempt a paterfamilias with a certain number of olive branches from the blessings of the coming income tax. ... Paris-is’about ; adopting ;the rule for the Brand Opera, such as exists in London; ex clude all who are uo't in dress from the boxe3 and pit.. Perhaps this might resuscitate that “old' ghost,' the .entente, cordiale. Parisian writers have been denouncing English ;and American tourists for appearing in the pit of the Opera in’travelling cpstume. y,They never tried the plan of not taking their money,for the seats, : and ; so keeping ,the benches— empty, . ; ; Geueral],Boulanger, , that, the monarchal press represents ,as on the point of invading Germany, keeps never minding the charmers. He has decided that henceforth no military; reviews shall take place ,on Sundays—the soldier . must, too, have .Ills day of,. rest. 1 • What’s fun for. civilians on such occasions, is hard work for the ,braves. ,.;.The• servant' girls are as happy as houris; they love the mill taires. ' ' - 