^i&^wJwStsbn. By B. P. WJIITWOREMI. w A wot Christmas. You know what that means on the diggings. It moans hot, muggy \ weather, mud up to your. kneoB; damp, dirt, and discomfort genorally. But it also means a big washing up, and consequent plpnty of gold, with its concomitants, drinking, gam bling, riot, disorder, and devils' dance gone rally that characterise tho diggings, or rather, did oharaotorise tbe diggings of, let us say, twenty years ainco. What a. dark vet lurid nhndnw thn earlv days on the gold-fields Booms to oaBt over the memories of those who havo lived long enough torocolleot them. Tho days of ensy getting, nnd reakless spending, of desperate toil and mad revel, of hardships and dangor, and thought less waste, of crime perhaps, and suffer And yet from out of those dark days, from amidst thoso bands of careless and lawless adventurers, ever now and again, shino out vivid gleama of God's own sunlight, that Bhow all the more brightly for the murky olouds by whioh they are environed. Suah an one, of many I have known, occurs to mo now. A wot Christmas, or, rather, Christmas Eve, on the Walhalla diggings. There had been a week's rain, and Stringer's Creek and the Thompson were running bankors to the lakoa below. ' The rounded hump of Mount Baw Baw loomed hazily through the light drizzle, looking all tho milos he waa distant instead of, as he waa wont in lino weather, appearing almost to overhang the valley on the stoop hill sides of whioh tho minors Bought thoir rich treasure, The roads and tracks, such as they were, wero covered with a thiok layer of yellow mire and slush, and all nature seemed aa miserable and dejected aa sho usually does under such conditions. In tho afternoon, however, the rain partially cleared oil, and itho sun - even got a chance now and again to lighten up the prospect with a tearful smile. But melancholy as everything looked out side, within doors there were vory high jinka indeed, and the sound of revolry, not to say devilry, impregnated with the fumes of to baaco and the odor of rum, and fringed with a garniture of ohoice digger blasphemy, is sued from every hotel and shanty in the townahip. In a word, money was plentiful, the men were in high spirits, and Bull6cky Bon, tbe burly landlord of tho ' Pick and Shovol,' who was UBually of a grumbling disposition, wna beard to declare that there hadn't been such a 'roust up,' sinco he'd been in the oountry. Drinking, a wearing, smoking, danoing, singing, quarrelling, and, above all, card playing, were in full blast, and poker, euchre, oribbage, Yankee Grab, and other dovioes, by ' whioh the unholy alliance of gamblers and shanty-keepers ease the miner of his hardly won gold,' went merrily on. V Why try to deaoribo the scene further? Thoso of the olden time who havo been in it and of it, will easily realize it, tboso -who- have not, never can. . ? That afternoon, or rathor, evening, juBt as the sun was giving a farowoll gliot, prior to going to bed boyond the Western ranges, ' the slosh, slosh of a heavily shod man, ? might have been heard leisurely tramping through the wet scrub and deep mud, from . the direction of tho Tubal Cain mine, and making for the township. Presently he emerged from tho buah into view. He was a jimgi big, stalwart fellow, black- bearded, and em~^^Pv browned by exposure to the sun and weathori^S^' ' Hard- banded, hard-featured, with that ftiffifflffif off, yet determined, almoat defiant look thas|,s|f-* tells bo surely of tho stern battle of lifn, H fought yet not always won. Ho waa clad nV -- the inevitable slouched billy-cock hat, a rougli j-j. h * blue jumper, and moleskin trouserB stained * » with slush and bedaubed with clay, he looked! ( \y the very picture of what ho was, a hardy, t .- '^ \ fearleBa, rough and tumble old time digger, | ~\ Rniinl tn flithnr fnrtunfi. and readv ftt ftnv rno f }' , ment either for a feast or a fray. Curly, foi r x* that waa the soubriquet by which he was ?- mostly known, waa indeed a hard ca'-o, i (' honest indeed, industrious, and true aa atool, ' | but somewhat, it ia to be feared, of a hard - i living, hard awearing, gracelesa reprobate, a f type, in abort, of a olaaa of which thoro wero ^ - bo many in those days. \ ,% As ho oamo down tho hill and approached ( s the fallen tree which served aa a bridge over ^, .:.,....,. ..,' the yellow ruahing crook, a auddon, heavy j (r| downpour 6f rain caused him to turn aaido t \'ix« for shelter, in a little shod attaohed to a small \' ,\i/. | Blab hut a little way baok from the track ; ftf'tSH and, without intending to bo an eavesdropper, IsIs1! he could not help overhearing what was being j ^fe|| said in the sorry dwelling. 1 §llp'«l By-and-by his attention and his curiosity - iir-M wore aroused, and as by moving a little, and \ WsM peeping between a slit in tho logs, he could Kml see without being seen, l.e looked in. Tho | |||f room was meanly and scantily furnished, iSPf and by tbe empty fire place, aeated on a low liH atool, was a woman of somo thirty years of 5 1||| ago. Sho had a gray, faded, sorrowful look, ^KgB the sad, wan look that patient resignation to v^flj evil fortune stamps on the face so oortainly, I and alaa, so indelibly, Leaning on her lap, | and gazing intontly into hor face, was a little R boy, barely a baby, hardly two years old, }', and, on a roughly constructed bunk of sap- 5] lings, sat two other anildren, girls, of about g four and six respectively. Thoy wero tho widow Mrs. Watson and 'ainily, tho widow and fatherless children of :Iarry Watson, an industrious miner who iad boon working at tho Long Tunnel, and xho had been aooidentally killed by the fal ing of a tree, eighteen months before. The lompany had buried him, and had done lomething for tho widow, cortuinly, but oh 1 10 little for her needs, and she had eked out l living by washing and doing needlework; )ut tho overtaxed her strength, and had long jeen ailing, and 08 aho was vory reserved, ? ' ? ind never paraded her povorty, Bhe seemed ;o hi ve dropped out of mind. ?' l'ae doin' to hand my 'tokin' up fo' Fanta Flam to putsumfin' in, don wo's have a dopd ?'. linmr, eh, mamma?' tho little. fellow said, ' , ia Curly peered in. ? '.. . Tlie widow's eyes filled with tears, but. she .-? ':: :. | nadn no reply. '?'.:';- 1 'Santa Claus doesn't oome so high up in , ,, - S iheso ranges a3 wo live,' said tho elder girl. ' , '.'.r .H ' Yes he doea,' said tho youngar, ' don't .:?''? ??g joxx romomber, once, at Christmas, he put ;: ; / lomt thing in our stockings. I got a bright,/ 5 jew Bixponoo and a dol!. But that was be- ? A lore pa died.' . ';? 'I'sodoin'to bo a big man soon, I is,' mid tho little boy, bravoly, 'don -I'Bo.doin' - io be a didder 'ito pa, and 'don I's dot p'enty nonoy an' tings. Isn't I ma 7' ' Oh ohildren, children,' said tho widow, molting back a sob, and smiling, or trying to 3milo through hor falling toarB, 'we are poor, very poor, but nover mind, we'll bo better off some day, and thon — and thon — ' But tho poor woman fairly broke down, and wept silently. ' AVhat mates you always try bo, ma I' aBked tho littlo fellow, gently stroking the fadod faoo with hia chubby handa. ,?; '? Oh, my darlings, my poor, innocent,holp- / Iobb littlo ones, you'll break my heart with / your prattle. I ory beoauso I havo no food / to give you, hardly any firing, no money, no / anything. A littlo dry damper, that is all./ When that's gono, God holp ua.' / '? God will holp us, mamma. You hay' ofton told ua ao, and you always speak / truth,' Bftid the oldor girl, caroaBingly, / clasping tha widow round the noak,and/ kiaBing hor. ' Deaidcs I'm not bum' loaat, not vory.' / Curly could brae no moro. He it1 aa if ho would havo knookod at th' aftor a momont'a hesitation, ho / away.; -- ' *. \\* ,.-?''' Tho 'PiV'j'-^/ mattor ol'tua^-'ly' ,,, in tho tovna!?' V4 - ''* /- Xi/J . '-V .,3 i * . ? ? 'I \\- ? that evening, and-Bullooky Bon, hia wifo, V . Jim. the batman, Moll Dowd, the big, rod '?- haired servant girl, and Hoppy Joe,' the odd job man, wbb bb- busy aa they oould bo, reap ing in the golden harvest. Tho bar was full, i ., the parlor was full, bo was the long dining \- room, ao was tho lcitohen, Tho atmosphere * was thiok with tobacoo sinolio, the noise was uproarious, as Curly strode in from tho mud puddle that did duty as tho main H stroct. 'Hello,. Curly 1' Bhoutod Long Nod tho packer, as ho caught sight of Curly'a face in the doorway. ' Whoro you been ? Darn mo if you don't look as eoared as if you'd seon u ghost.' ' Thore was a lull in tho hubbub, aa ovory | one in the room turned to look at the new | corner's solemn oountonance. He did look | soared enough, in sobor faot. 'Boys,' said Curly, impressivoly, ' I have seen a ghost, and suoh a ghost as I can't say I'm sorry for seeing. Arid it'a fetohed mo, you bet. Fetohed mo up all standing, as a feller may say.' i There was a dead silence, and someone aeked : .!' What have you seen ?' I 'A'ghost, mates. The ghost of daya long 1 gone by. The ghost of forgotten things. The ghost of undpnp duty. The men looked at him, and at each other in surprise. Even the oard players suspended their gamea. , i 'Boys,' he wont on, 'I've seon this blcEBod evening what's brought tho Bait water i. into my eycB, and hy George I I ain't ashamed to say it. You all remember poor ' Harry Watson, as was killed at the Long | Tunnel two year since oomo June ?'' i . 'Yes, yes.' ' Well, I happened to be passing the ! Widder's this afternoon, and turned into the !' lean-to to shelter out o' the rain, and there 1 Beo and hear aummut as laid me out, knooked | the sawdust clean out o' me. There was I that poor oreatur' a-sittin' cryin' over them I ' fatherless babbies— oryin', mates, o'oount. , i of bavin' no food to give 'em. Think o' that, | boys, this blessed Christmas timo, and no I food to give 'em. I couldn't stand their in | noaent talk, by GeorRo I couldn't, 1 had to ! out and run. If I hadn't I should ha' s blubbed right out. Now, you've all hecr'd o' ; . ? . that Santa Glaus, as bring things for bids i on Christmas eve,?' i ' Yes, yes.' ' i. 'Very well. .Thia 'ere's_ OhriatmaB eve, i and we've had a good wnshin' up, all on us. Now, what I mean for to say is this 'ere, that Walballa'a not goin' to be played bo low I down on aa not to have a Santa Glaus of its i own.' And that Santa Clauses is goin'. to tho 1 - Widder's this very night, on the quiot, as it i were. , We ain't a mean lot o' skunks on i these diggin'a, not as I knows on. . There's : my hat, and 'there's my pound note in the i. orown- on it. Anybody oan cover it aa I likes.', ? ; Bendigo Sam, the biggest rough and bully, ' . and the 'most inveterate gambler on the field, ; rose quietly from the table, saying in, for ; him, a wonderfully soft voice : ' Put down. I your aards, boys, I'm in thia Ireokon. There's ; my pound. Who's next?' j . There was no need to aslc In a moment ; Curly was surrounded by a sympathetic j orowd, and notes, gold, and bi'IveX ' were f poured into the hat as if by magic. ! ' Pass it round here,' willed someone '? from the'bar, and th's Paotolean stream rolled ? --n. ' '-/. '/.' ' '? j ' Pass it round tho township,' orieil one enthusiastic, contributor, 'I reokon we ! mountain boys do things right up to the nines when we do 'em at all.' ' ? And it was done. Some gave in money, j some in kind. The affair, by some raeana 1 had spread . through the place, and all gave i something, the result being that Santa. Glaus ? _ must have had a very big pack indeed to ? . ' hold half the offerings of these, rough and ready, but generous, dwellers in tho wilder | nous, i ' ??' Toe t township appoarod to be oppresaed : with some great and profound secret all that : evening. Men who met in the hotels, stores, :'..??? or atreet, whispered to eaoh other ray ate '?? i riously,; or conversed in low, Bolomn tones. I Even the. oard ployora at the taverns seemed ': to be preocoupied, and Bondigo Sam twice \- madeamisdeal,athihKhohiidl)overbeforebccn :' known to do within the ruomoryqf his oldeBt ',' aoquaihtanoe.' Quarrels- were made up, old friendships which nad been aevered, renowed, ? and, singular to relate, for the first time in '. the history ' of ? Walballa, the eve of festival was allowed fa pass without a fight, or a ?] solitary individual being ' run in' to the ' . polic'fl camp. It was uh if tho inhabitants had had premonition of some vast moral : earthquake or volcanic erruption. f ! .'',. . . '' At a little after midnight half a .sonre of '.- ? stout fellow?, each loaded up with a package I more or less bulky and weighty, might have , been seen moving stealthily along the valley i in the direction ot the widow's residence. :' The rain had ceased, and a watery moon . ahone in the firmament, now.' visible, now . obscured by tho driving scud overhead. There waa not a sound save the harsh brawl ing of tho swollen creek, and the querulous whimper of some belated 'possum in the dis tant bush. : Noiselessly they approached the log cabin. ; - All was silence,1 all darkness. Noiselessly. 1 j they laid down their- burdens at the door ' under the little overhanging porch, and aa i noiselessly thoy . glided away again, fading 'j . out into the semi-darkness like bo many ! shadowy speotres. ? . \- Meanwhile the children slept peacefully, ! dreaming, ? it might be, of the angelic quire / ; who hailed the natal day of the God-child ?'_ with exultant carols of transcendent sweat ' j ness more tlmti eighteen oenturieB before. '? _ Slept, eaoh with its little stoaking pinned r' above its head in obildish faith in the dear :. | old legend wo all know and lovo to teaoh. ?\ '£'?'??? . The hours of darkneaa sped. The bell .p. ,. uicu'duu luu^^iu uuiitiu 4uu aavont oi tiie |. ? ??; BBOied morning with the metallic rauBia of ifi ? .-'? ... their joyous notes. . The rosy bluBh of dawn }??.'/??;/ spread over the eastern sky, lighting, up tho /}?'. ?'??;:;. peaks that rose tier' after tier in the grey dis S V , ; tance. The fresh orisp wind rustled the. ;Vr .'.'?.; leafy screen of the lofty guma and the sweot ;|.i.,.; ' Bcented wattle -blosHora, and tho mother rose. iirj '' .? from her lowly couch to prepare the moagre . i?fi morning meal with tho moisture in her v;': - dyas, and the dull aohing of blank despair in '.? her heart. . '?.*-... J' ' No need for her to look into those poor ;; little stookings hanging at' the bed's head. ?$ - No neod to wake the little sleepers to the dia ??h ' ^ appointment that must come too soon. She : \6V:- '?., went quietly and silently to work,' built up !.'?.?«,??..' ^sprae jundltng for tho fire, then opened the #f\ ' ' dboi'to get a stiok or two of wood from tho jl^'VV small store in tho Bhed. ?'?.-?? g, ? Great heavens I what was thia?. Was it a ;;.!':; d'raam? ? Was it a mookery ot the Benses ? ?$. Waa it witchcraft?^ ? . , . . ? ;;.ji; Aheap of piakagea. huddled into thodoor '??!''? wav- nnd on the topmost one a oard securely ;;' Rflwn, and bearing the inscription : 'The :pj* . Widow and ohildren WatBon, from Santn ?; ; Clous.' ..She staggered back into tho room, k and, in a voice that seemed soarcely her own, m called on tho little ones to wako and see this M marvel of marvels. H Marvol of marvels indeod. Wonder M boyond all wondering. Tho very ombarrass m mont^pf riohea. Tho children had never I!', aeen -(jteithing liko it bofore. Flour, tea, 'ryi Hugar,*bntter, oheose, bneon, a fat goose, ..ytsBi hnnod meata— why go on enumerating. ? -iWO81lluero waa everything human oyo had evor in'iFi i n' or humftn ''oart could desiro. Food of Vclc ~ *'U Uimla' milterill!n for clothing, buoIi few ' V ' ViV 'VH ns tho townahip oould niTord, poor thincs M.iiTi . li'1 'Uh l° lni»ni ol pricolosa value. h-vfeondd'0' 1'laBt0[ n11' tbo l»»le boy came to a small ??tout- carefully stitched up in a pieoe of ''. ? 'wlinfW'V ''ore mamma,' hofiaid, 'he's a ik Ai^-iiind syy one' l tatx'1 -ih il' Tl'fi mother *T PA ?ywiirom the ground., It was heavy, inntlio *?-? «^«jtor its -V- On opening it what or ponoi :^i|ir-in.. r -Jind it filled with ?AttaclieaVV- ,. ^?-M§^w ? a n -*H denomina itftbloH, and Mu ^^WsSEf^iikS '° \ ^nuks in tho tl!5i*2i^l-^F ^ ' ?' in Bn 0Bta°y rJ --o68 !« the oi^^,,1IlliJ^»^H U\ s fa are most ModawlW 'V- ^..^.G ??- A^. 7 Vx .:? i-,. ,f-.?!c-v.-.a^!* me 'and. pray God's beat blessing ba% those' who nt this fcBtivo Beason, have. not 'forgotten to remember the Widow and the Fatherless ?n their alHiotion. Yea, and they shall be bloasod. Amen, and Amon. :. '? , , Behind a olump of bush, not very far dis tant, might have been. seen the stalwart form of Curly. As sho fell on her knees, and lifted her pale face to heaven, ho flushed red through hia bronzed Bkin, turned awkwardly away, and slunk quietly through tho bush as if afraid of being detected. Let us go with him, and leave Widow Watson to pour out her soul in gratitude, to the'Ono who reigneth eternal in tho hoavons, and whoso mercy endureth for ever. 