AT A STREET CORNER. Mr. ACRES .. ... A Landowner. Mr. STUMPER ... ... An Agitator. Mr. SMALL ... ... A Tradesman. Mr. St umper— You ask me what is the remedy for the present depression, and I say emphatically "land nationalisation." It is monstrous that all the good land of the colony should be locked up in the hands of a few lucky holders to the detriment of the large masses of the people. It I had my way not another acre should be jeold, and the big estates which we now havi should be " busted np" by a land tax so heavy that their holders would be compelled to sell the land or use it profitably. Mr. Acres—lt it were put up for sale, who is there to buy it ? And how would you use it profitably? Wool-guying dof-sn't pay, wheat growing dee.n't pay, aud what with the high rate of wag* and the low price of produce I should like to know what does? I am one of those who have committed the unpardonable sin of liaving f,ot on in the wcrld ; I li-jld a great deal cf hied honestly bought and paid for. I used to be pioud of myself and of my pos -BC£Bion£. I have often been referred to as a proof of what South Au^tra'.ia can do for those who are industrious and careful. I suddenly find myself branded as a tobber aud execrated as a thief. Mr. Small — Yes; but who by ? Taylor, Singer, & Co., men who have been in the colony but a ftw years, who have no follow ing and do influence, men who go about like silly boys in a churchyard with sheets over their head*, trying to play ghosts, who frighten, nobody but very timid people, and who ultimately are taken over the knee and whipped and then seen no more. These storms in a teapot have arisen in almost every civQised country at various periods ia their history; they lash themselves into fearful fury ; they subside into calm. The freeholder still holds his deeds ; the world wags on just as usual; the de*ire for a little bit of freehold is juet as strong as ever in the bosom of "John Bull." Show me a country in the world where this new-fangled scheme has been tried. There are others as wise as we, surely. America v a pretty socialistic sott of a place, bat that daylight robber, the freeholder, flourishes there. Victoria has a good deal of the radical element about it, but the rascal freeholder is there in fearful force. Poor South Australia is to be reformed, and revolutionised, and ruined by the miraclemongei*, whose prominent leaders are socialists and freethinkers. Mr. Stumper —Come now that is not fair. Mr. Berens has given us a thoughtful and philosophical lecture on this subject, and there are other equally reputable men who con scientiously believe in our views who are neither EocialUts nor freethinkers. For my own pait I know that all good things come from God; that without His help our chances of success are poor indeed. We have men amongst us who are indiscreet, and who do us no credit by forcing forward their views in season and out of season, and who make them selves nuisances at public meetings, and create an impression that we are a rowdy and an ill mannered lot; but we ought not all to be judged by this standard. It-isn't fair. Mr. Acres—Ex who disce cranes, you know. A great deal of the land in the City of Ade laide baa been purchased of late years from holders who have received the unearned incre ment in cash. You can't get at them; you can only get at the present owner; and he poor fellow holds no unearned increment to tax. Kay, it is possible that the land cost him more than it is worth to-day. Pretty hard on him to put a land tax on bis property that will reduce its value perhaps one-third. Another man owns a piece of land upon which he has paid say one-third of the purchase-money, the balance remaining on mortgage. Well, your land tax depreciates the value of this property to the extent of one-third; what is the re sult? The mortgagee gets his money in full; the mortgagor has his interest in the land cancelled entirely. The lender comes out all right; the borrower loses all. There are hundreds of artisans and others in this country who are in this position. They bought a bit of land on which to build homes come day; they are steadily paying off what they owe on it. What a comfort it will be to them, and how -they will love their friends, the land nationalitte, when they find all their savings confiscated. Mr. Small—Take the case of a freeholder in Rundle-fctreet who has a piece of land on which the building lease has just fatten in, and who finds himself the owner of some old shanties which are not worth much. He wishes to relet, and stipulates that new buildings must be erected. He always valued his land at fay £250 a foot, bnt the land tax has been increased from Jd, in the pound to 3d. in the pound, or in other woidp, from 12s. 2d. a foot to £3 2s. 6d. a foot per annum. He says to the lessee, well, I always valued my land at £250 a foot, I want as ground rent 5 per cent, on that clear of the land tax, which I have to pay. You must give me £12 10s. a fcot plus the 3d. land tar, £3 2s. Gd., instead of plus the £d. land tax, 12s. 2d., and as some recompense to yon for the additional annual payment I will not insist on your spend ing so much iconey on the buildings to be erected on the land. Htnee less work for the artisan and mechanic, and the placing of an db itaclc in the vayof the progress of the city. Mr. Stumpct —You ridicule us somewhat un fairly for the way in which we carry on our agitation, but it doesn't do to be tliin skinned or mealy-mouthed over a matter of this kind. We are Sghting against principali ties and power?. We have formidable enemies to contend with. We must pu?h ourselves forward and assert ourselves, and hammer away wherever we get the chance. What we insist on is this, that by making the land tax sufficiently high we shall compel the holders of unoccupied allotments in towns, and of large estates in the country, to utilise those lands in some profitable manner or to sell them to those who will so utilise them. Town lands, for in stance, wou'd be sold to builders and others who would erect houses upon them, which they would be able (o let at loner rentals than at present. Mr. SimlI —Good gracious ! why there arc a thousand houses to let in Adelaide at this mo meht, and I have some of mine occupied by people who are paying no rent at all, but simply looking after them. Mr. Slumjicr—Ani as for country lands well, the slice planners would either let or sell them to the fanners, and we should have thousands more acres cultivated. Mr. Acres —You propose a tax of 3d. in th 3 pound on the unimproved value of the land; say on £2 10s., that would be 7W an acre per annum, to that the owner of 50,000 acres would have topay£l,EG2los. land tax, instead of about £260 at present Does anybody suppose that this would induce your well-established wealthy sheepfaricertu let thedespised cockatoo on to bis sacred acres, certainly not. Then, you see, this extra payment would not be all loss to the sheepf anner, because he would get the beneSt of the reduced Customs duties which you pro pose. As for the working man—you say he would be benefited by the reduction in rents which would be b; ought about by the com pulsory sale of allotments which would result from the increased tax. 2sox, the bulk of our working Ken live in the suburb*, and, thank goodness, many of them in houses of tlieir own. They won'tthank you for reducing the value of their properties. The bulk of coltagre r>ro]>ertie3 built for letting ate erected on land costing, say, about £3 to £4 a foot. Tne increased tax on, say, 40 feet of nuh land, would theref ire be, say, Is. a foot inatf ni of I'd. a foot as now. Will the extra 10J. a foot which the owner ha 3 to pay induce him to sell hi* land'/ A risi- in its value of Is. a foot per annum would pay him f.?r holding, and if it is worth holding at all it \3 pretty certain tbet the piyment of an addi tional KM. a fot a year will not prevent him from doing ?'. 1 don't belieie your 3d. Ux would liduce rents ore iota. Mr. Stumper —Tla-n we mutt mike it higher. Mr. Small —And that would be cheerful for the fawners, wouldn't it? A 3d. lind tax would mean to them quite SO per cent, increase en the annual jaymont which many of them who hold credit selections now have tj piy, and thty are rolling in wealth, ara't they * Then you propose to take the duties oS the necessaries of life, the bulk of which the fanner producer, and that will open up for him the competition of all the world. Wapstraw i will indeed be grateful to bis laud nationalisa tion friends. They will hare the proud dia tinction (should they succeed) of ruining ons of the staple industries of the country. I hope somebody will catch and imprison this modern Guy .Fawkes before he succeeds in blowing up poor South Australia. I Mr. Stumper—We don't want'to blow up j anybody or anything. We want to do good, ! and bring prosperity to everybody that ia ! worthy to get it. Abolish the Customs, and ; put the burden on the land —the land that has received so much of the benefits which have come from our public works policy ; the land 1 that has run us so fearfully .into debt, and on whose behalf we are paying annually in interest 1700,000 and over. Mr. Small—, Abolish the Customs, come, I like that. Abolish the boot factories, the clothing factories, the ironworks, tile jam factories, and all the hundred and one indus tries that have sprang np in our midst, that give work to thousands .of men, women, and children. Ob, how the poor will bless yon, and how the Melbourne and Sydney mannfmv turers will laugh at you, and how the big London. merchants and Adelaide merchants will rub their hands. Abolish the Customs, abolish high rents, abolish large landholders, abolish South Australia. Mr. Acre*—We have all our nostrums and our crazes at time?, and, Stumper, you seem badly bitten with this land nationalisation craze just cow. You will recover, old man, and laugh at the folliea of your youth some day. We have all of us who are good for any thing schemes for the reformation of the world and the revolution of society at some period or other during our lives, and we generally have to confess that it was a very good job that our schemes were never adopted, for when subse quent experiences mature the judgment we find out how faulty they were. I believe the schtme you advocate now would, if carried oat, result in the most grievous disaster, I read in a bcok the other day the following paragraph which teemed to me to apply to our case most appropriately:—" The country is perfectly sur ftited by encomiums on free- trade, free break fast -tables, free education, &c;, &c.; (and here I add free land). Let us all trust that all ttete tree institutions may not be supple mented by just one more, vfz., free starvation." 