Wovcltet. JOHNTBBERTOiT **?* THE CONFESSIONS OK A jfAX OF TlIK ? WOKLl). G1TA I'TE R .1 tinucd).,' By GROSVENOR BUNSTER. "Of conrsn I do,' l>2 ictortecl, jeeringly. "Think I don't Inow jnii.eir, hoy? Cotter believe I do 1 Wot.hi ycr?" ?With Ibis he raised hia left lmnd to ward off the Wow he shougbt. I wns about to otriko him. I cDun'eren. and hit him under his jiwwithasUeiiftlhtliat fairly lifted him off tbe [?round, only to <3n*-x-it Wm on his back-upon tho Gtavr-lled pathway.. My'father, among other Blatters, had taught rao boxing, and in ray course tbr.-mgh life I havo found it a very n?'olul aec'-.mpliib-.ncnf. However, this- heavy- youth was no cur. Ho ftot up, and " shaped" in a olumey tort of hshion, but with euch energy that bo split Lis t;'ght tilting jacket up the baok. Ho was no'match for mc, so that in tho course offivo minutes I had given him a beautiful pair of black oyes and a tap upon hia snub nose, which did him moro good in the direction of phlebotomy than nny surgeon's skill could havo accomplished with lancet or cupping ?glass. " That's F.noiif.h," said he, dolefully, as tha Wood streamed from his co?e. " My word 1 here's a prceioua shirt. Won't I get it from Missus. Ou, no, rather noli And won't you get pison. I shouldn't say so. Well. And my jacket busted. Good-bye, Barnaby, my boy. You'ro to let. Tondcra invited. 'CO3 why ? You're , ao good as sacked- Lamous 1 there's the missus," with which ho slunk into tbo shadow ot tho wall. Bat not beforo tbo lynx eye of my worthy aunt had neon bim. She called him, in a pcromptory manner, and he obeyed. A shout of lauphter rang from my lips as I behold him Bhnining towards tho good lady; his unwholesome, piwty looking faofl besmeared with blood, his jacket split from "stem to stern," hia long and crooked legs at lust a foot too far through his trousers, ne looked like a dissipated and damaged grasshopper, arraigned before a court ol his kind. To say tbat horror and indignation wero alternately rclleoted on my aunt's coun tenance is fo say nothing, Tho impression which her looks, hor attitude, hor fixed etaro at Barnaby conveyed to mo, was, that sho was in evident doubt aa to whether eho waa not tha victim of some optical illusion. Doubtless, chc considered whether it wob really possible that any person could havo soout raged the snored character of her domain as to strike ono oi- ber servants. Slowly her gaze turned from Bamaby's battered face to mino, It was umiling and genial. I approached, doffed my cap, and bowod to the hdy. "I am distressed, Madam," said I, " that owing to your servant's insolence, I have been comiicllcd to chastise him." "Then you— you, Bir, havo been evilly of tliisoutrnr-o?" I smiled, and shiuggod my shoulders, and ? at this moment my father, accompanied by a fiark, fat, heavy-looking gentlemarnn clerical garb, joined my aunt on tho balcony. "What is the matter, my dear Ellen ?' Slid the heavy cleric, whom I at onco Identified as tha Ray. Mr. Porter. "Matter!" cxoloimcd tho lady. "Matter finonrjh, A preotou3youth tbis non of yours, brother. Look at my page, Barnaby." My falhrr did so, and burnt into a fit of laughter. Nor was tho Raverend Mr. Porter unimpressed by tho ludicrous nspeot of his page, who, in good truth, looked, with his swollen eyes, and pulpy mouth, and dilapi dated garments, very much like a defeated and demoralised dunghill rooster. .._ To say that tho lady was disgusted is To say Utile. Sho oast an indignant glance nt her husband, and then, muttering some romat'x under her breath, stalked awoy. Mr. Porter told Barnaby to go to hia room, and wash his face, and I joined my father. "Well, master Jaok," said ho—" this sort ol thing won't do. You aro already in sad disgrace with your aunt." "I am very sorry." I onswored, "but really Sir, tho fellow was most insolent. Ho called mo a tramp and moro than hinted that I was a thief." " Then," interrupted tho rovorond Mr. Porter With emphasis " I cannot blame you. You served him right. Tho fast is, my wifo spoils that lout, and between oursolves, I'm not sorry that maator Foipegraea hero, has taught him a lo?son. There goes tho lunoheon ball." With tin?, ho led tho way, whilo my father pinching my ear, whispered to mc that ho was not angry, but on tho contrary pleased bytho spirit I had shown. And as his good opinion was all I oared for, I sat down to lunoheon in a very happy frame of mind. With my usual audacity I joined readily in tho conversation whioh was somewhat slowly carried on by tho seniors at the table. I addressed myself to my cousins with easy familiarity; and wa? in no senao deterred from this ooursa by tho efforts they mado to check mc. My aunt preserved the most frigid demsanour towards mc. This however, I did noL iiffeat to notice. Indeed, it afforded mo somo pleasure to ipnoro her contemptuous bearing towards ma. ond to tako every oppor tunity of addressing myself to her ; in thia I was encouraged by obrcrving that my father took tbo cue, and enjoyed tho mischief. "Wby do you call tbat grave yard a garden, aunt?" eaid I as I trifled with tho le,! of a chicken. Mrs Porter stared; my foiher grinned, the iwpd Hr Tori**; Joohed frightened, and tho cirlo glanced: appre hensively ot their mother The High Church butler however, turned aside to hide a smilo My tactics woro evidently to his taste. " I call ita garden., little boy, because it is ogordtn'v-at'^ngth-answered my aunt, I lauidicd. " A garden I" I echoed. " I counted seven daisies, all of whioh were inarticulo mortis, a debilitated willow trco, and a dozen or so of demoralised looking wall-flowers. A garden, aunt I" " You aro impertinent, little boy," said my aunt with somo.irritation. "I presumo that wo may expaof to find ourselves and our wholo surroundings subject to your oritioi?tn." "Nay," I answered depreoatingly, "I did not moan to offend.you aunt. I was about to propose that you should permit mo .to improve your garden. The soil is good, and although little or no sua reaches it, I do not doubt that I could mako it bloom." "Come now," oried tho good Mr Porter; " that is a handsonio offer, Mra Porter." " A 6prat to oatoh a maokorel" grumbled tbe lady. "Wo shall see whether deeds follow fine promises. Meonwhilo, littlo boy I hove not forgiven you for your assault npon my page." "I was jealous of his favor with you nant." I answered demurely. ? She oonld not help Joining with tho others in tho laugh which followed; and in this humor left us. " And now," said Dr Porter, "we will inspect tho Cathedral, and then pay our visit to Dr Wrinckle. If wo reach tho sohool by four o'clock we shall find Him disengaged. Thia wo did. Having seen the Oathedra nnd listened to Dr Porter's dissertation there on, wo ropaired to Dr Wrinoklo, whom w. found a meek and crushed put sort ot little gentleman with n kindly face andnervom manner— ono ot those mon who, bovine - married a stronger nature, at onot yiold up all personality into her bands. " My boy," said my father,"- it strikes m? that tbe grey maro is tbo hotter horso. A< tho same timo, there is no question whioh i tha moro worthy. I liko the Doctor. He comes with ub to- night." CHAPTER V. A MTTLB DIKXEH. _ Tho two gentlemon now aooompanied up for a walk through tho principal strcetsof tho town, in tho oourao of which we wero in troduced to several other clerical gentlemen, nil mora or loss of the typo of tho Rivcrend Doctor Porter or the Riverend Dootor Wrinckle. Any body who may have resided in a Cathedral town in England will reraom bcr these types, and will, I am suro, acquit mo of any exaggeration in my description oi these representatives- Clerical life in such towns has been ably dealt with by tho lair Anthony Trollope. It is oharaoteristio o' English life, and is peon nowhere olso than in Cathedral cities. And it bears with it that sound, perfumed spirit of oonservatism and dainty gentlemanliness whioh is nowhere els? discovered in the churohos, save in the- Church of England. The parsons ot thi churoh may be prejudiced, prond, and narrow ot thought, and aristocratic in their poll tioal opinions, but they are essentially gentle mon. At least this is my conclusion, and I havo hnd exceptional opportunities ot judging. Tho doctors too, accompanied ns to the Guild Hall, over which ancient building we wero ahown by tho Town Clerk, a gentleman by tho way, who died not many month?, ng'- at Ballarat. And presently wo returned t<- Dr. Porter's residoncs, wbero we partook o" somo slight refreshment, and where I loirner! from tho High Churoh butler that Bunaby. tho page, had been put to hod, nnd that leeches had been applied to his swollen option. " WhioU I will say, sir," remarked tlv" butler " thoy aro orful. The ladies in th kitchen, sir, ara delighted. For if over ther. was a pup as needed kickin', that there Bar naby'a one. But sir, bless yer, 'tis as mv:> as our places is worth to say a word apii him; Missus is so took np with thi hugh bimp." It will bo seen by tho reader that I ha- 1 created Borne intorcst in tho minds of thop with whom I had ooroo into contact. An-" this was what I desired, I could never bcrr to remain in the background. My. policy ho cvov bacn to push myself to tho front, ns ' believe I shall ohow.in tho course of thi narrative. ' Bidding Dr. Porter farewell for the prewnf. Dr. Wrinokln and my father and myself lef tho house, and walked down tho high street Hero tho Doctor parted with ns; "You will'bo prompt to half-past si* DootorV" said my father. "Rjmember, n apology can exoueo a man who keeps a dinne; waiting." "True, true. I shall Ij?j thcro to th minute, Captain," and then tho littlo ma: walked off, muttering asides by the dozen. "A deoent littlo gentleman, Jack," said ny father. "What a pity one oinnot say B' muoh of tho gentlewoman, his wife." " Sho is an ogro," I cried. "And did yo' sco her mousUobe, sir?" " Faith I did, .Taok; there was no need to: ft microscope to do that." . Thpn ho rnn>7 *V bell, nnd summoned tho landlord, Mr. Becker. Mr. Becker was tho very typo ot an English bonifsce of oldon days. His -countenanoo beamed with the spirit of hospitality. Ho whs Btout and hearty, and red of face, and of husky voice. Ho looked as though he had j been Buckled upon rare wines and fed upon ! roast beef from his very advent into this , world. Ho listened -to my father's in?truo- ? tions with gravo attention. "A dinner for threo," Baid he. "Dr. Wrinoklo—-an excellent and most learned gentleman—yourself, sir, and your eon. At half-past six o'olock. You may rely upon mo, sir," and with a bow and a flourish ho left us in order to personally superintend tho pre peration of tho feast. At six o'clock precisely came tho doctor, scrupulously attired in solemn black, and looking, for all the world, liko a mummy dressed for a funeral. But ho was in high spirits. Indeed, ho conveyed the impression that ho had been let off his chain in order to enjoy a run. His face was puokered with smiles. He laughed and chuckled. He quoted Latin moralities for my delectation; in a word, he behaved very much as his pupils might havo done under similar circum stances. At half past six o'clock Mr. Becker an nounced that dinner was served, and wo all sat down to a positive work of art. A dish of oysters preceded tho feast. Then came clear soup, followed by some delicious soles fried to a turn, with a marvellous dish of stewed eels. Abaunoh of Welch mutton came next with a couplo of tasty entree*. Some snipe sorved on toast, somo capital swoota, to whioh, with a youngster's palate for such matters, I paid particular attention.. These good things, with a noble dessert, made up a very tolerablo dinner. I do not know what tho Dootor thought of tho matter, but I cer tainly judged-from tho dxpreseion of his face that he was at onoe delighted and astonished. An after acquaintance with the domcatio economy of hia household explained to mc that our little dinner must have been a revela tion to him. " Well" eaid tho Doctor, as ho eat back in his chair, and surreptitiously loosened threo buttons of bia waibtooat. " I must certainly say, my dear Captain Abberton, that your hos pitality is overpowering." " Ah," said the Doctor. Bmaokiag his lips. " an excellent wino, albeit Dr. Johnson sneered ut it. Claret for boys, port for mon, but brandy for heroes. Hoi he 1 He was an empliatic personage truly." " We should havo heard but little of him, Doctor," eaid my father, " had it not been for his toady> Btswcl}." "Positively you ore oorreot," returned the Dootor, as he drank off another bumper. "Boawoll's tittle-tattle is roo6t entertaining.' " Try these olives Dootor," said my father, and the littlo gentlemen courteously accepted tbo offer. Never, I think, shall I forget that wrinkled countenance as its owner cautiously placed an olive in his mouth. He puckered up his oyos, twisted hia lipa, and expressed in his face the most.exquisite disgust. It was evident that olives wero not to tbo taste of the little man.. However, ho bolted that which he bad plaoed in hia moutb. " Ahem 1" Baid ho, "really, now, tbat was an olive. I have read ot thorn in Virgil, but positively never bovo I bofore- tasted of thorn. What, now Captain, may bo your idea of tho flavor." " Well," laughed my father, " if the truth must be told, tho impression conveyed to mc when I first ate an olive was that the fruit had been preserved in what sailors call" bilge water." But olives flavor one's wine im mensely." "Do thoy, now," said the. Doctor, -dubiously. " Humph I I think tbat I prefer tho wine without the olives," and ho dipped into the claret again. He was so simple, co innooent in his way? tbat really it was im possible to ohcok tho impulse of friendship towards him. And, prosently, as tho wine mounted into his head, bo displayed festive qualities *of tbe most charming kind. He sang us a song, in a little, thin, piping voice, about Chloo and Stcphron, and so on, with many remarkable trills and quaverings. He told us some little stories of his early coiloge days, when ho was "a naughty boy, Bir, and a sad, young dog." Ia a word, ho mado himself very agreeable, ond my father, whoso spirits wero ol that elastic kind which is proof against dullness, surprised even mo by his happy wit and humor. He sang some noble songs, v/ith a deep, bsritona voice that rang and echoed through the long room, and brought to tho door an admiring audience of waiters and chambermaids. " Now, Jaok," said he, aa ho finished ' The Old Teroerairo.' Come, boy. L*3t us hove your song. Sing ns ono of tha ditties Monsieur Tondeur taught you," and ho winked knowingly. Nothing loth, I burst forth with Beranger's "??Le. Yin rt la Coquette," singing tbe ditty with fpirit and emphasis. Tha Dootor's faco was a study. " Bless my soul I" ho said, presently, turn ing to my father, whoso eyes wero danoing, and wbo?n lipi trembled from suppressed mirth. " YV'nero did the lad learn such a snnp. French too. Well I'm rusty as to French—bnt otill, humph;" and ho shook bis head aud drank c/f another glass ot olaiet. My fathor laughed aloud. "A young ecamp, eh I Doctor," ho cried. "You must tcsoh him to forget hia Bohemian education. I'm afraid that I have sadly neglected him." "Nay, nay," eaid the Djctor, gravely,hold ing up ono band in depreoation. " I do not think that. The lad is clever, no doubt, and | has picked up many mattera which perhaps it wonld have been well ho should not have learned. But eerious study will coon banish therm toys of fancy," and again the Doctor paid court to the em rot. He hod passed from the first to tho seoond stage, and was now as solemn and didactic as, a few moments before, ; ha bad been lively and volatile. It was now nigh upon ten o'clock, and the Doctor protested that be must return. ." A married man, sir," ho eaid, with some thing very liko n hicoough. "I must keep good hours. Bless me—what a singular phenomenon. Will you bo kind enough Capi'en to inform me—inform many there aro of yon," and ho gazed phi ously at my fathor, who burst into laughter- At this moment, the door was opened sud denly, and Mrs. Wrinckle entered tho room with tbe stride of a grenadier. Without noticing my father, she approached her hus band and ssized his collar. "Pretty goings on, truly," sho said, "ten o'cltck and not abed yet," and she tugged at' her husband's ooat. The little gentleman's imbibition of sound claret bad aroused within him that species of valour which is known aa Dutch courage. He struggled to his hat. " Madam," said ho, " what means this unseemly conduct? Are you awara who I ?m; who lam 1" "Come aionp," said tho lady, "who ye!* aro, you pitiful, little, dried up, sapless bur lesque upon a man. I should think I did. Good night gentlemen. Your hospitality haa been too much for thia poor creature," and witbtheso words she gave a sudden tug and tho littlo Dootor disappeared with his captor through tho door. My fathor shook with laughter. " There, Jaok," said he, " there you behold an illustration ol tho inflnanea of lovely woman. Ido not think that your mamma could hove distinguished hcr?olf co graphically." Bat oorao boy, got to bod. You must see mc off to-morrow morning. We shall not see each other for some -time to como, after we start for tho other end of the world," and he drew mc towards him and kissed my cheek. My heart was too full to answer him. When I got to my room I threw myself npon the bed and wept bitterly. A sense of loneliness and desolation seized upon mc; I felt for ths fljat timo in my life, the utter misery of one who was about to part with his true friend. I cried myself to sleep. In tho morr.irg when I awoko, my father was standing by my bed. His eyes full ot tendernoss and solicitation met mino he smiled. " Como Jack," ho. cried, " up with you, I have only nn hour for breakfast and to reach the train. While you dresn I'll have-a litto talk with you. I jamred up and began to dress hastily. Meanwhile my father briefly inntruoted mo that I wan to writo to him at loaot onoe a month. He gave mc twonty pounds. "Of course Jack," he said, " you need not dissipate this largo fortune, But you will need a little money. As I understand, there are some youngsters at this school whose friend ship may servo you. There ia nothing, my eon, which oan be so readily bought as friendship. Be discreet, thorefore, and you may turu your twenty pounds to good profit. At tbo end ol evory quarter you shall bavo another tip." Then ho was Bilont, sitting by tho window, looking abroad with tbat self-contained look whioh tells that tho influence of all exterior matters arc unfelt. Ho was very grave during breakfast, and said but littlo moro as we drove to the station. And then, merely repeating his injunctions to write regularly, ho warmly embraced mc, and wo parted. Blind with tho tears I in vain sought to control, I made my way baok to the hotel, and there, getting my traps together, drove to Mr. Porter's habitation. If its gloom had oppressed mc tho day before, I felt its influence tenfold to-day. A shudder thrilled mc aa I walked up tbo damp steps and rang the bell. Tho High Church butler admitted mo with a deferential bow. In him I had certainly found an ally. CHAPTER VI. i am connm. Received with formal cordiality by my aunt and her family, I sat down to the break fast, which they were careful to inform mo thoy had delayed upon my acoount. After this I was shown to my room, a ghostly apartment, fairly furnished, however, and looking out upon the Cathedral yard. It was now nine o'clock, and I hastened to Bohool, the duties of which had already commenced ero I arrived. The little doctor looked somewhat shame faced a3 1 saluted him, but as I was careful to preserve the utmost respect in my demeanour towards him he soon became at <>ot'c, and questioned taa cs to rey inquire ment?. Ho told mc that I must oommenoe forthwith the study of the olassios, concern ing the value of which ho was moat enthusi astio. ?/?_ ? "Tho modern languages, my door boy, said he, " come afterwards.- The basis of an elegent education are the classics. As for Frenoh, he added, with a faint amile, "I am afraid yoa know more than I oan teaoh you." With this ho handed mc my books and con duo tod mc to my class do?k at the lower end of the largo boll which nerved for the school room. I waa mortified to find that my class mates were in oil coses my superiors, and deter mined to do my utmost to acquire tho position bold for the moat part by those of my own age. Filled with this resolution, I conquered my ouriosity in respect to my.sobool-fellows, and set to work with a will to master the initiative steps of Crcjai's Commentaries. My memory was excellent, and as I possessed (and still possess) a superior faonlty for oon eentroting my thought and ensrgies upon any aubjcot whioh I took in hand, I was quite roady with my lesson when tho class was called up. The Doctor was very pleased. "I see, I see," said ho, " you and I will got ??long togotber," and he patted my head. At twelve o'clock th 3 work eoaeed for two hours ond we we were released. With a rush tho boys passed into the playground whither I followed them. I was instantly sur rounded. _. " How old areyou, yokel," asked a big hulk ing fellow with the vi?age of a cowboy. " What's you dad ginger," inquired another referring to the auburn tint of my hair. " L.9t aa cob him. Fine or cob, fine or cob, and the cry was taken up as half a dozon of the bigger boys soized mo and throw mc on the ground. " Now new boy", said tho big fellow to whom I havo referred, as he proceeded, in common with others to tio hard nots in his hand kerchief. "It ia the custom of this school to initiate uvery comer into tho mysteries and ceremonies of tho guild. Yon have the option of buying off, you know," and ha stood over mo ready to strike. I was furious, and Betting my teeth Bwore that I would have a mighty revenge. "Turn him on bi3 face lads," cried tho big fellow, nnd in a trico I was set with my face to the gravol. Thon at a given signal, eaah boy struck mc with his pocket handkerchief, chanting tbo while.' "New boy, new boy, why has he come to us ? Cob him, cob him, pugm's ct calcibus. 80 he'll learn, so he'll learn docendo decimus ; Let him know, that wo rulo, propria jtke mart, but, It was with the groatcet difficulty tbat I controlled my cries, for tbe pain was intense. At last, however, my flogging ceased and my captors sprang abide. I leaped to my feet, and without moro ado walked up to the big bully who was the ringleader in my torture, and struck him with my best strength straight between tho eyes. For my age, I was very powerful and iv this case rage and pain lent mc added force. The bully dropped upon tho ground, stunned and iasoneible. " Now," said I ob I brushed the dust from ray clothing, " you fellovja havo got hold of the wrong pig by the ear this time. I'll thrash you one by one before a month is out," and with thia I walked off. As I left I turned my head to observe that my bully had arisen and was being supported into tho houso by some of his comrades. " Well Master Abherton," said tbo Beverend Mr. Porter as we sat down to luncheon, " and how did you get on to-day. . . * ? "? Very fairly," 1 answered, as I disponed of a slice of ham. ," Sir, I had-to thrash ono bully, and, I supposo will have to deal with the lot." My aunt looked at mc, aghast. *' I'm afraid little boy (sho used this phrase to tako mc down a peg.) that yourdispoeition for fighting will bring you into trouble. You bad not been in Exeter an hour ere yop blackened Barnahy's eyes, so that he ia now unpresentable." "I fancy," said I, "that my friend the bully is :n a similar fix by this time. The fact is madam, I do not choose to be in?ultcd 01 impo?ed upon." " In your journey through life," remarked the reverend Mr. Porter, eententiously, you will find, I think, that you must put up with many insults, many impositions. ?'I don't think I shall," I anowered, " unless indeed it should be expedient to do so. May I trouble yon for another Blice of ham." I saw tho girls glance at each other, as tho reverend Mr. Porter, first etaring incredulously at ma, proceeded to out mc a minute elico of bam. " Thaaks" naid I, " another slice please. School work makes a follow hungry.' - -* Tbe ghost of a gravo emilo was to bo seen for a moment npon the High Church butler's countenance, as he handed mc my plate; and I was not displeased to note that Lilian the youngest and fairest of my cousins, was entertoined by my cool and audacious manner. As for my aunt aho stored at mo haughtily. I met her gaze. " What ia it madom," I asked. "I was thinking, littlo boy," Bbc answered with a frown, " that nowadays children are wonderfully impudent." "You ore right, madam," I answered, " though why the thought should havo caused you to stare so at mc, I do not understand." " Then you have IeBB wit than I give yon cieditfor," she replied. "Possibly, madam," was my answer, "I doubt not however, tbat my residence here will serve to tharpon it; But ns to your judicious observation concerning the impu dence of tho modern boy, I quito agree with you. He is- on audacious yonng cub. But have you not considered, my dear lady, that, tho cause of his impudence may be traced to his natural rebellion against the tyranny of his elder*. Positively it ia so. The modern boy objeots to be snubbed. In his revolt he perhaps goes to extromos, and so snubs those who snub him. It is a mere matter of retaliation." It ia impossible to convey any idea ol tho expression of the Mr. Porter's faoe aa I dolivered this little *addres?. Always heavy and stupid ol aspect, his visago now ex pressed tho utter bewilderment and conster nation of its owner. Ho bet down his knifo and fork and gazed at mc. As for my aunt, her frown grew darker as eho sharply rejoined, "Yon talk too much, Sir, for a littlo boy. Children should lietcn, not ?peak." " Nay," I laughed, " my tongue must wag. And I suppose, aunt, that I am an impudent fellow. . The Spanish saying doubtless ap plies to mo! "Poca barba poca virguepza," and I drank my small beer with no air. "And what may that mean young Sir," said my reverend host, at last finding his tongue. " Little beard littlo shame," I laughed, as t glanced at Lilian, whose blue oyea wero danoing. " Thon," said my aunt venomously, "tho soonor your board growa tho bettor for your modesty." And with this Parthian ohot eho arose. I flew to tho door, opened it, and as she passed out bowed to the ground. It was evident that our relations wero scarcely of a peaceful character. When sho had gone with her brood, tho reverend Mr. Porter called mo to him. " Have a glass of wicc my boy," Baid ho. " And I like you none the lesa for your impudence," and tho reverend gentleman ohuoked. "To tell you the truth," he added, ''you oro the first who has ever had tho courage to tackle her. Ii seems c Etrarge thing for the master of tbe houso to soy, Muster Abherton, but tbo fact is my wife is a -riflo overbearing. In short, I don't liko her temper." " And co," I lau;;hed, ? you rather enjoy tho Bpeotaclo of nnother'B rebellion Fgiinat flic lady's eccentricities.' 1 (To be ceniinutd.) 