Down by the Sea. BY M. QUAD. BEACH HAVEN, N J., July 15 —People who don't go to the seash ore don't give the ocean proper credit. In the first place, there's more of it for the money than anything else on eartn, and, in tbe ntxt place, there's nothing fresh about it It is on hand when you go to bed, and it is all there when you wake in the morning. For the benefit of ec—side resorts the tide ebbs and flows twice in twenty four hours. The ebb is to carry off old shoes, beef bones, dime novels, and busted wallets, and the flow is to bring in a fresh lot of kelp, clam shells, empty beer bottles, and straw hats. There may be some resorts where the surf refuses to break on the shore, but this isn't one of them. If there is one particular thing on which the old Atlantic prides herself on this coast, it is in slinging surf. It rolls in at high tide, low tide, morning, noon, and night I can't quite catch on to the idea of it, but it must be all right. Tou'd thiuk something would get tired out aud quit after awhile, but there are no signs of it yet The big green waves race in from the green sea, strike the bar 200 ft. off shore, weave, topple, stand straight np for a moment, and than break into a foam and rush to the beach and far up the sands to fall back and repeat the charge hour after hour. Another good thing about the sea is its colour. It is green, dark green, blue, light blue, dark blue, drab, and several other colours all in one day. This insures you against monotony, and gives rising young poets a chance to ring in on the colour-Tine. Beach Haven is situated on a sandy island twenty milea long and about half a mile wide. There is a bay on one side of this strip, and the ocean surf breaks on the other. Every foot of the beach is of pearl sand, and children can bathe anywhere at any stage of the water. It wm located for a quiet place, and excursion parties do not come this way. The air is won derfully pure and exhilarating, the breezes delightfully cool, and there is but one draw back to complete happiness—confound him t I speak of the mosquito. He wm here when Christopher Columbus made a discovery, and he will be here and at all other points along this ooMt when the angel Gabriel toots his trumpet for the final rally. The western mosquito feels that he owes something to the people who have come in and cleared up the country, and he lets them alone in the daytime. The Jersey animal never lets slip an opportunity to get in his work. He'll bite you before breakfast M quick m after supper, and if you attempt a midday nap on the shady veranda he is certain to lift you. Ho doesot freeze up till Deoember, and he thaws out in April. The only thing that seems to get the better of him is a gale of wind blow ing-forty milea an hour. There is a certain and proper routine to bo followed at the seMide, end every new-comer drops into it in twenty-four hours. It ia about as follows: Go out on the verandas and sniff the salt air before breakfast Eat all ths breakfast you oan hold, and wish you oould hold more. Go down to the beach and sit on the sands and watch the sad sea waves for an hour or so. If the tide is out hunt for shells for another hour. At 11 o'clock get into your bathing suit and plunge into the mad suit. It wont take you over a week to get used to swallowing a gallon of salt water as a regular dose. Dinner at 1 o'clock. You can hold more than yon did at breakfast From 1 to 4 there is a veranda convention and a general discussion of sharks, whales, bluensh, sea bass, olams, aad oysters. Several natives are on hand with sharks 21ft long. At 4 o'clock the nurses and hotel servants have the beach for bathing, and it is the proper caper to go down and see them disport. Supper at 6. You will be surprised to sco how much you oan hold, but the landlord isn't watching. Mail comes in at 7. Fight mosquitoes until 9, and what is left of you will get inside to hear some one pound tha piano, or go to bed. David's Last Smom.—" Ah, David," said a Scottish parish minister to one of his parishioners whom he had met on the road enjoying his evening pipe, "I'm astonished at a man of your sense clinging sac tenaciously to such a filthy habit as smoking—you who are an elder and looked on as a pillar of the kirk. Do you expect to ga to heaven when you die, David, with such a rile habit?" " I'll no seek tee tak' my pipe wi' me when my time comes," calmly replied the reproved elder. " But you know, David, that nothing unclean can enter heaven, and there is nothing so unclean as the breath of a smoker." "Ay. ay," was the reply, "but I expeck tbat my last breathll be my last smoke, so that faeith pipe and breath will be left ahint at the hinder en." Aon ago it pleased one of the sultans to issue a proclamation .throughout the empire, promis ing to present a golden ball to whomever among all his subjects should prove himself the biggest liar, giving it to be understood before hand that no "merely improbable story" would stand the ghost of a chance of winning, sinoe he himself was to be the judge, and no* thing short of a story that was simply im possible would secure the prise. The pro clamation naturally made quite a stir among the greater prevaricators of the realm, and hundreds of stories came pouring in from competitors everywhere, but they were one and all adjudged by tne astute monarch as containing Incidents that might under extra ordinary circumstances have been true. The ooveted golden ball still remained unawarded, when one day there appealed before the gate of the sultan's palace, requesting an audience, an old man with travel-worn appearance, ana bearing on his stooping shoulders an immense earthenware jar. The sultan received the aged pilgrim kindly, and asked him what he could do for him. "O Sultan, may you live for ever * exclaimed the old man, " for your imperial highness is loved and celebrated throughout all the empire for your many virtues, but most of all for your love of justice." "Insballah," replied the monarch reverently. ''May it please your impsr-4 majesty," continued the old man, callii pr the monarch's attention to the jar, "your fci>»h« neat's moat excellent father—may l<U bores rest in peace I—borrowed In m iuj fathorlhis jar full of gold coins, the conditions bein^r that your maj.sty was to pity the aani" hinjunt back to me." " AbMird, impoH- ible 1" ex claimed the astoDinhed aultnn, ejciiitf thi bu«o veaoel in question. "If the stuiy be irue," gravely continued the i>ilgr.m, ''pay your. fathers debt; if it is as you say impo-saibb, I have fairly won the fcoldon bail" And the sultan immediati-ly awarded him the prize. 