IN THE BUSH. «I a— Imt a snapptr-up of unconsidered jtfles "-t-it I'Mvpcarc. n Vi'lc, double toil and trouble, 1\:» burn aud caldron bubble. 3? ho "1 ticel fire is burning fiercely, and ho Kuropuii pot is bubbling \vi:h a uri"-- -l-ulhlion, which is nmiL-o.is- of a Bpe<":\' :-'ii;-orer. At this time Eastern gur- >, vmiains as direful a collection of i'-'i- 'lements as evc-r composed fche ! 1-broih which tiio witches con- 1J00 1' fi 'or t ' ' e benefit of Macbeth. Of Qpuis': 1 i arc well awfii'O that threo gjent, Pnv.vrs forming the " Holy that unholy confederacy vwd which partitioned unhappy gola -. not long since met in a paternal qodc r ' and renewed their everlasting hond of frendship ; but, in spite of the pjd i-t-. i:>g, we know '-'ITbero is no lienor yn-ui.- !! eves," and each one of the hrtr; >r,-..-is regards the others wish a guspic.uus slance. Russia would fain find an excuse lo interfere in the alkai.s, and destroy the woik of Prince filexnu.h-r, with the prospective reward Qf au 'Xtt-nsion of teiritory towards Ove'r- l Constantinople ; "tint Anstria Jikewi-ti ins her eyo upon those parts, and keeps her powder dry in readiness ; Prmsla, indignant at the obstinancy of her po!:«h sabjecls, who will not became (jrenna isod, is driving them over the |ron;ie" bv tlionsands ; while Russia, in yetaUat'ou, threatens t<> <j-ct all liei geman subjects from tha Baltic provinces. Here is about as 'explosive r. giass of ma'erials as conld well be accumulated, and it would not surprise |ne if some accidental spark starts the conflagration before theso lines see ik - light in print. Ami poor little Greece, touched with jhe b-1 icose fever, sets up her back, and trail t-hes ii'fl and slaughter against her ancient enemy and oppressor. To my mind, her attitude very mnch resembles $hat of the valorous Mr Winltc, who ns a preliminary to fi-tie combat leisurely jemoved his coat, and in a loud voice fUQDonncVu that " be was going to begin," hereupon he was immediately secured, and put hors de combat. The united jowers threaten coercion, and Greece defies ik em. Perhaps, as has been grimly suggested, the worst punishment would be to 1st her loose, and leava her to her fa e. But, meantime, what a jnournfnl contrast is all this to those long-pi-S" times of classical history. Then Gie. co stood alone in defence of Europe, and scattered ihe collective might of Asia at. &a;!amis. Now Ike Comliiuffi ii-. ets of Europe gather at the gam:: famous rendezvous, with the avowed purpose of repressing the miliary ardor by force of arias. When the iron pot snd the clay pot came in collision " it needs no ghost come from the grave to tell ns" the inevitable result, and Byron might 1vpe.1t his warning to his .beloved Greco: — Turkish force and Latin fraud AV'onld break your shield, however broad. Soma people are never satisfied. We have beard a good deal lately about practical education, and yet an indignant pa' out addresses a Melbourne journal complaining that a suburban teacher insists 01 his scholars bringing with them a stipely of sand-paper, wherewith to Ecr-b tlit desks. The irate parent protests 'gaiust any 'such menial employ- intir, 'Hid appears astonish-d at snch a mode of imparting practical information. It eeitiMy does seem rnther strange, but ye: lli9 system is by no means new. Hive not read bow ;be as'ute Mr Scjiieer? of" Dotheboys Hall, in nod need this ni'iihrofuniting precept and practice, ai d ufs-r making his scbnlars spell the words '/Dig the garden" or " Groom the horse," wound up tha lesson with " Go and do it," thus indelibly impressing Ilia l. ssiin on the mind of the pnpil. But suppose this teacher extended his sy-tem, and required his pupils ) brine bucket-, brooms, and scrubbing brushes as ;>-.it of their scholas ic equipment. I (ear tiie spectacle of such a pn cession would ise the cause of ribald laughter to ji.i uudiscrimiuating populace. No doubt bis motives are excellent, hut the public spiii' i- hardly yet sufficiently advanced to appi -ciate the intentions of this enterprising pedagogue. I hav-i read somewhere of the Yankee showman who insisted npon bis pianist accompanying the scenes of his Scrip tural p .n irama with appropriate music, and who was exceedingly riled when that obliging", orchestra, thumped put the in spiring melody of "Johnny Comes March ing Home," when tbe return of the Pro digal Sou was revealed to the nndience. Bnt it "Is very difficult on all occasions to fiyd a tune which fits into" the event. I ra.d that when the British troops ri-s'ored the fortress of Gwalior to the Malir.ijah Scindia, the band marched mu to ' the strains of " Tommy," Make Rn-'iu for Your Uncle." As this was a fr eadly restitution and' mark of con- fid- nce'in:; the loyalty of the Indian Pri'iee,0'wB jnay regard it as a pleasant stroke of humor ; bnt ofLnerthe airs do d t fit the occassion, and are provocative 1 >ome" unpleasantness. Thus. I once h- i.rd of a farewell banquet to a popular Inuik- roanageri whose health was drunk to the accompaniment of the operatic » Still so Gently o'er me Stealing." But the. moat ludicrous instance I have wet. with is that at a grand reception of B r Arthur Gordon, when Governor of \- the Fiji Islands, on which occasion the proposal of hia health was the signal for the orchestra to burst forth with the n n cientpatriotic anthem, " The King of the Cannibal Islands." It is reported that His Excellency waxed exceeding y«i wroth at what he considered a gratuitous -insult; but bearing in mind the pnthropophilogical proclivities of his dusky subjects, I think that his irrita tion was rather superfluous. Any way, I t" mire the leader of that band as "a ellow of infinite wit, of most exquisite l»ncy." I notice that our comic papers still fipd an- inexhaustible fund of satire fp tha anbject of ' Servantgalism" and suffering paters aad maters still air their cumplamts in the columns of tbe dailies. This chorus, of objurgation seems to be essentially a product of very recent times, I can remember a period when it was not unusual for a domestic to remain in the same service for ten or twenty years, until they came almost to regard themselves and to be regarded as pne of the family, and I knew of one in stance where tbe housemaid bad so far identified herself with the family, that when she fulfilled her destiny and mar ried the milkman, she was genu.nely affected and wept copiously on dissolving her ancient connection. Wo never hear 0! such instances of fidelity m these lat t-r c.- vs. Bnt I doubt if tbe fault is all on one side, and would much Lke to hear tbe opinion of some literary Bridget as to the shortcomings of the " missuses." I faucy it has been tuo much the practice to look npon tbe servant as a sort of domestic machine, which is expected lo keep going from morn Ml dewy eve and often till near midnight, with a few short hours in which to repair the waste of the human machinery. I have 110 doubt some of oar complaining ladies could show ns a specimen of tbe maia-of-ail-work who like Mrs Quickly, of _ Shakespeare's creation, can boast " J. wash, wring, brew, bake, scour, dre=s meat and drink, make the beds and do all myself." " Tis" a great charge." says Master Simula, "to come under one body's hand." To which, replies the dame, " You. shall find ic a great charge ; and lo be np early and down late." It ap pears that three centuries have made no material difference in the lot of the general servant- and I fear our modern employers are 110 less exacting. Yet if the overworked domestic should venture to indulge in the luxury of doing nothing for a few minutes, I expect she would be stirred to fresh exertion by the de mand of the injured mistress " If she had nothing belter to do (ban to sit s ill." with tha proba'oio invention of some new if net necessary occupation. It is trne that " Service is no inher itance," but according to the evidence of aucieut times, ilome.-tics went far to prove it to he so, aud were as proud of the prosperity of the family as they were jealous of its honour. Shakespeare has given us a beautiful picture of such fidelity and attachment in " As you like it," wherein an old servant begs to share the foi tunes of his banished master, and 1 bus pleads — I have a hundred crowns, The thrifty hire I saved under your father, Which I did store to be my footer-nurse "When service should in my old limbs lie lame And unregarded ase in corners thrown; Here is the gold ; All this I give you, let me he your servant. Iiis young master's admiration of Old Adams devotion is touching!7 ex pressed : — O, good old man. how well in thee appears The constant service of tbe antique world When service sweat for duty, net for need ? And now tbe ancient servitor renews his petition with increased earnestness: — From seven! < en years till now almost four score Hera lived I, bnt now live here no moiv. Yet foriune cannot rouompuue mi better, Than to die well and not my mister's debtor. This was but a croa'ion of the great dramatist's faucy ; bnt in a later age Goldsmith wrote of actual life. " If a person ma' judge who has seeu the world, our English servants are tbe best treated, because tbe generality of our English gentlemen are the politest under tbe sun." Which appears to me to combine cause mid effect in tbe most concise manner, lu the last century Robert Dodsley, who rose to be a bookseller and a man of eniu?, was at one time a footman, a fact of which he was in no wise ashamed, for when Pope happened to mention a cer tain gentleman in his hearing, he said, " I knew him well ; I was his servant." 'he tombstrna in a churchyard in War wick records the virtue of one- Joseph Baite, whose master "caused this in- s, -notion to bs written in memory of his 'isoreiioH, fidelity, diligence and conti nence ; he died (a bachelor) aged S4, having lived 44 years in tha Fame family." But this is surpassed bv a Mr James Tappy who, as a stone in Eltlmm ' urchynrd, tells ns, died at the age of S-t- " after a faithful service of sixty years in one family; by each individual of which be lived, respected, and died lamented by the sole survivor." El zabeth Uurrison who died in 1797, aged fifty yrare, after thirty years service s eulogised by her master and mistress thus : — Farewell, then best of servant3— may the tear That foi row tickled o'er thy parting bier, . Prove to thy happy shade onr fond regard.', And all thy virtues find their full reward. There have even been instances where f liihful servants have been buried beside the tombs of the families whom tbsy served in their lives. Here are me morials of those who had grown old and died in service. Sacred to tee memory of Mrs E.; Meredith, who died 26th November 1829, aged 76 yesra. The above lived 56 years housekeeper to tbe \f-rry fsniily, who are interred in the ad- jiioiog vttul. / And a meat tablet in St. George's Chapel, "Windsor, bears the following inscription.: — King George III caused to be interred near ttiin place tbe body of 'Mary Gascoin; servant to the late Princess Amelia, and this tablet to be erect? d 'in testimony of his gratefnl sense of ills fiithfnl service, and attachment of an amiable yonng woman to his beloved daughter, whom she survived only three months ; slia died the 19th FebiQ6ry, 1811, aged 31 years. : I cannot better express my opinion upon this grateful memorial than in the words of Washington Irving when he first looked upon it :— The king possessed much,of the strong domestic feeling of the old- English country gentleman, ' and it is an incident curious in monumental history, and creditable" to"' the human lieart, a monarch erecting a monu ment in honor cf the humble -virtues of a menial. . ' I wonder hew long it will be before we discover such a tribute of respect to a domestic Servant in a colonial cemetery. I reckon the headache will not trouble me much by that time. < BILLY NUTT3. The MYRTLEFeRD State-school. — The tender of Mr Robert Hedge, of Wandili- gong, for addition and repairs to the above school-building, for the sum of £245, was ou Thursday aeoepted. 