COLONIAL AHD INDIAN EXHI BITION. The following are extracts from latest letters received from Sir Samuel Davenport with reference to South Australian exhibits at the above Exhibition, viz. : — ' I note Your reujuiK re cur vms euiea, sou your wuuusuk on the affair ia just. We sold' so much wine that we sent for more. Sir Thomas Elder's vrine has all been good. Of Ms esakeel wine all ha3 been bottled and sold except abont three dozen. This inomiEjr, consequent oa yonr note, I tasted at ths bar a bottle of the white wine reported ccid when tasted in cask by ths writer to whom you refer. It ia in bright condition and perfectly Eonnd. There is not a ghost of acid in it, Sy the mail now in some one sends a Melbourne Argus with Mr. Rowan's letter of complaint and a. leader on it. No doubt the field lor sale of [winea was not left open as we had anticipated, for under contract with Spiers & Ponds for a weighty consideration, very tempting no doubt when heavy expenditure waa being incurred in preparing tne Exhibition Building for the coming display, it probably escaped the recollection of the authorities that we might like to sell our own winea. Aa it was, we had no alternative other than sell through Spiers & Pond's men. I cannot say personally they have net done their duty lononrably at the bar. I believe the one we have had to do with has. Then in the school cf cookery, I think under Mr, Clarke's superintendence I am bound to think fair play has also been sought. Doubt less a local man, acquainted with our vineyards, soils, sites, &c;, selling for us would have had the addition of personal knowledge to interest and inform enquirers on our wines. Stills since the colonial offices were in near proximity to the bar, there was alwaya at hand fuller information for any enquirer who thoughtfully desired to gain a knowledge, Some have availed of enquiry; others always might have done so. Then by our weekly.Thursday open cellar to bona-fide tasters, it can scarcely be said we have been without much means of diffusing in formation, and results endorse this view. I cannot say the inexperienced salesman has influenced the greater sale ,of port or sherry by_ suggesting theso in preference to other wines, but they have been very generally de manded, and I placed this fact more on the ground that these names of wines are better known to the masses of British people here than other wines, and that hence they have naturally called more for these names than any ether ; anyhow, these wines were good, or familiarity of name alone would scarcely have pushed their sale so rapidly as it did. Seventy-six and a half dozens of Sir Thomas's wins were sold at the bar and School of Cookery within May and June — the first nine weeks over one dozen a day of his wines only. You will get a full report of the sales directly, and Sir P. Cunliffe- Owen will have a full detail of all wine sales com piled and published after the Exhibition closes. Of the seven tv- six and a half dozens wines sold as above all were port or sherry excepting twelve dozens ; these were seven of Madeira, five of Burgundy.' 