LAW COURTS. SUPREME COURT—CIVIL SITTINGS. FRIDAY, MARCH 12. [Before His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut.] A. HANNS V. H. HANNS. Mr. W. Symon appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. C. C. Kingston for the defendant. According to the plaintiff's case, on July 10,1883, the plaintiff and defendant, who are brothers, entered into partnership as wood and coal merchants, the capital consisting of 4.1,200, which was represented by £800 wurth of working plant belonging to defendant, and £400 cosh, paid by the plaintiff. A. Hanns n-aB to take one third of the interest of the buEiness, and the defendant two-thirdi ; but it was Eubseqaently arranged between the parties that in the event of the plaintiff era tributing £300 more he would have oue-half interest in the affair. A subsequent agree ment was also arrived at by which the partnership was to date from August 1 instead of July 10. In the meanlitr.e plaintiff left for .Sydney, from which place he shortly afterwards returned to find his brother in difficulties with the bank, lie then com plained to the defendant that he had paid too much for his interest in the business, and that some other arrangement must be made. A~ the plaintiff had no further funds to con tribute towards the business, in order to obtain the increased interest therein, his brother agreed to allow him the half interest in the business, and instead of the plaintiff cjq tributiug the £200 previously decided upon, the defendant would consider that as cancelled, and would, and did, give him a clean receipt for that amount. Subsequent negotiations look place between the parties, and finally the plaintiff, at the defendant's suggestion, was iuduced to buy the latter out, giving him bills for £.".00. At the same time the defendant did not wish to absolutely retire from the business, and requested that he should be allowed to come back again should he not use the bills, to which the plaintiff consented, on the under standing that the defendant should let him know within a reasonable time, and that he should not have parted with the bilk. TV dissolution of partnership waa advertised, and the defendant banded the bills to the Knglisli, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bink as security for the amount advanced to him. Matters went on in tlus way until the defen dant commenced an action in the Adelaide Local Court against his brother, as if he was not a partner, to recover the money which he claimed to be due as set out in the counter claim to the present action. In his evidence in the Local Court, Henry Hanns practically stated that although he claimed the Honeys as if there had been a buna fide dis- solution, the arrangement for dissolution, was made in order to prevent his creditors knowing the true Btate of his financial position in respect of the bank. On that tbe court nonsuited him, the special magistrate expressing the opinion that it was a bogus dissolution. Albert Hanns never said it was a I?'Rub dissolution, and did not give evidence in the lower court. He was quite willing that his brother should re-enter part nership, but Dot after he had negotiated the bille for £500. The defendant now claimed to be allowed to return to the position of partner, and at the eame time to retain the bills. If there was a dissolution it dated from Septem ber, ISSS, when the bills wero given. The plaintiff applied to the court to decide that the dissolution took place at that time, or that it should take place from the present time. Mr. Symon submitted that the accounts might be handed over to the master of the court for ad justment. The defendant denied the plaintiff's claim, and contended that if any agreement was iuade for the sale of the defendant's interest in the business and tbe dissolution of partner ship it was agreed that it should have no form or effect between the parties. At tne liocal Court trial Albert Hanns had insisted that the agreement for dissolution was not binding, and the court had given effect to that objection by ordering a nonsuit. Afterwards it had been agreed that the defendant was a partner as before the alleged dissolution. The defendant also entered a counter claim, which sst out that if the agreement for Bale and dissolu tion was held to be binding, it was a term and condition thereof that the plaintiff should pay tbe debts of the firm and a sum of £106 ss. then agreed to be due to the defendant on cer tain accounts then stated; that the plaintiff was indebted to the defendant in the sum of £200money agreed to be considered as lent bythe defendant to the plaintiff from August 1,18K5, and at 10 per cent., and also in the sum of £186 158\. lOd. for wood supplied by the defendant to the firm, all was a debt of the firm, which the plaintiff agreed to pay as a term of the agreement. In addition to tins interest was claimed on the £200, which raised the counter claim to £506. Against ttus £23 was allowed' by the defendant as having been paid by the plaintiff, and a claim for £162 ss. 6d., jkjing an amount paid by Albert Hanns to the land lord, Mr. Landvoght, was established. Mr. Kingston urged that there was an agree ment between the two parties for the sale of the defendant's interest to the plaintiff, and all that the former was attempting to do was what he attempted to do in the Local Court—to en force the terms of that agreement. It was hard on the defendant that in the liocal Court he should have bean met by the objection that it was a sham sale, and when ha took his position as a partner tbe plaintiff harped back to the original statement that the sale was good. Upon tbat statement he had obtained an in junction against the defendant. His client ?had taken his position aa partner because the plaintiff insisted on it, but the Utter had now changed his mind, and said there was no sale. The agreement was made in the first instance for partnership with the stipulation that if Albert W?in? increased bis amount of capital by £200 he should have an equal share of the business. The plaintiff admitted that he had oiiginally only had a third, and that he had not paid a halfpenny more, but churned half the business on the strength of a receipt that was given, according to his own account, to rover certain contingencies which never arose. He had thought it better to have & larger in terest in the butiness and simply owe the £200 to his brother, and the real arrangement was that tlus amount should be considered as paid so far as the partnership was "concerned, and should be treated as a loan between the two partirs, bearing interest at 10 per cent. This, he submitted, was a inu:h more likely state of affairs than that suggested by A. Hanns, who witned to get for nothing what he himself valued at £200. Another matter in dispute was the £100 55., which he submitted was agreed between the parties to be paid by the plaintiff. He urged that Albert Hanns, from whom in evidence he elicited the fact that be had cut tbe entry of this debt from one of the account books, bad wilfully withheld evidence from the court, and the court would therefore construe that withholding as evidence against the plaintiff's claim. At the close of the evidence, His Honor said this was a very easy and simple case, and if it had not been clouded in the .Local Gourt in some mysterious manner, which he could not account tor, it ought not to have taken more than half an hour to settle. There was a partnership between tiro brother*. It was afterwards dissolved on certain terms, into which it was not necessary to enter. As part of these terms certain monies became doe to Hairy Hanrm, who entered % suit for them. It appeared, however, that at the trial the learned conned for Albert Hanns rawed tbe objection, that tbe 6ale was a sham Bale, So far as be could see there was not the ghost of a ground for saying so. It was a sham pre tence and a sham throughout to aay that the Eale was a ?h^pi transaction, and ought not at all events to be supported by the court. Mr. Symon told him there was a bena-fide sale, that his client was in the business and was sticking to it, and asked him to make a decree on that ground, on which he got an injunc tion some months ago. It was perfectly ridiculous to come before the court now. it appeared there was some arrangement, not un reasonable between brothers and partners, that if Henry Hanns could get rid of certain difficulties he could come back again after pay ing certain ?w?nn*a to his brother. But be cause a man could fly back into a baroness again did not in any way make it a sham eale. It would be wrong- to visit Henry Hanns with the consequences, because the counsel for his brother happened to be too learned and exceedingly skilful for the counsel on tbe other aide in the iiocal Court. He (his honor) could not ignore the extraordinary blowing of hot and cold by Albert Hanns, while Henry had been standing firmly on his position all along. This did away with the right of partnership based on the ground that this was a sham sale, and that pirt of the decree prayed for was undecreeable. Ha must decree that there was a sale, and the rights of the parties would be adjudged by that sale. That being the case he had to investigate the counter chum, and would hare to deal with it ab though an action for these monies had been entered by Henry Hanns against Albert Hanna, Mr. Kingston bad put it to him that the tearing out of a sheet in the account book ought to weigh very heavily against Albert Hanns. There was no doubt tbat the principle he bud down that the party who could produce evi dence and failed to do so would be liable to the. construction he alleged, and the court was bound to decide against the party so doing. That was a scientific axiom. Then there was tbe question whether there was anything to rely on for proof of tbat action? Un doubtedly there was. He had no doubt tbat Albert Hanns had cut the account ont of the book, and he bad not given hi* evidence straightforwardly. The opinion left on his mind was that the plaintiff had cut it out surreptitiously to prevent the court from deal ing fairly win bis brother, and be was bound to deal hardly with him on that account There had been cases in which ha at first formed opinions of this sort which bad after wards been shaken by the evidence on the other eide, and when Henry Hanns was called he had waited to a&t; if he coald assist Mr. Symon as Albert Harms had aseuted Mr. Kingut-m. The former, however, gave his evidence bluntly and stnuuhtforw-irdly, and he was bound to nay that he believed Henry, but did sot believe Albert Hanns. He could not separate between the two parties, but had to take tbe case in the lump, and he adopted Henry Bantu's view of it. He was an honest and truthful witness, and therefore he would give judgment for him for £506, less £185 allowed for payment by Albert Hanns, leaving £320 14a. 6d.. including interest on the loan. The defendant would also have full costs. The plaintiff's claim would be dinniseed. Judgment was entered accordingly. Tbe couit tktu adjuuraed till Tuesday morning. 