GOLD IN AN OLD BOOT. Said an old timer : 'I never saw a ghost but I onoe made a pretty good raise where I at first thought I hod found a dead man. I was prospecting down in Amador county, California. Ono day I went up the creek about a mile, and seated myself on a rock to rest. Across the stream on tho opposite bank, where the remains of three or four cabins. Some of these had almost tumbled into the creek from the. wearing away of the ground on that side. I observed that part of the fireplace of a near cabin bad tumbled down the bank toward the oreek, and that the foot of an old gum boot was sticking out of the dirt. It seemed to project from beneath the stones forming the hearth of an old chimney. I thought it strange tint any man should have laid liis hearth over an old gum boot. Then it occurred to. me that some man might have been murdered and buried under the hearth. ' Crossing the oreek to the old chimney, I found tli it the foot of the old boot projected from uuder a large flat stone that was still in place. I lifted tho stone, found that there was only one boot there, and no sign of a human skeleton nor bones of any kind. I kicked the old boot down the bank, and then took a pan of dirt and ashes out of the old fireplace as I had in severrl instances made pretty fair stakes in old hearths. For it is well known that the early miners were often careless, and lost a good deal of fine gold in retorting it— burning out the quicksilver it contained in shovels. As I was passing down the bank I came to the old boot, and gave it another kick, sending it almost into the creek. It landed leg down hill, and from the end poured a golden sb wer of nuggets and dust. ' In a moment I threw the dirt out of my pan and reversed the boot over it, when out tumbled two large buckskin bags filled with gold dust. So long bad the treasure lain concealed under the hearth that the strings which the bags were tied were, rot ted, and one gave way under the kicks I had be stowed upon the old boot. YVhen all the gold was gathered up, I found that I had nearly 2,000dol.' 