AN UNFINISHED STORY. Vs- JsirGAlE ?BEN'TON FRxMONT. "Come bore and see the picture I lave found," called a sweet, positive voice; "just here-now, is not tlhat goodl? Colour, figure, and suggestion aI so harmonious," and the little lady, herself a Meissonier tor diminutive size and exquisite finish, commanded to her side all but tile one she con s:idered "picture-like." She was re quired not to move, while tile rest, grouped by the curtained entrance of t'he great drawing-room, made their affectionately admiring comments on one of those hlppy accidents which 5oinctimes outdo the best elorts of s'killed "compositions." All the guests had left, except one, wilo was not to return for soein days yet to her country home, and now, the familv alone, the most pleasant· p:.rt o'i each one's evening had been told over and resulted in a whole of entire satisfaction with the dinner as a success. Th1e foreign travel lers for whom it had been made wor?o honestly delighted. a man whoso owns charming dinners gave him a right to be fastidious had been cqually pleased, and the lovoly gd::' had felt she was lovely aned fosa;d co, and the young host and ihoatn_?s f::nllky said they hld forgotten they wo"o a h1ome,. a1111 found all a. do!igbhzl! as though they were guests and in no w:lv responsiblo. Q?uito" the best of a home party is Ilih nllunig it over a'tor it has proved a success, and so there followed a pl'aeasl talk which led on into the night. The o honse was all huAhed; the. servants had pult out the larger lights, leaving only seie shaded lamnls. .l'hmeCO touched up softly beautitul effects made by artistic furniture pictures, bronzes and china and some :idnirable tapestries--everything tlhat large and cultivated taste can bring t:ogether. A sense of space and depth was given by large mirrors, hut these were so masked by plants and draperies as to be unobtrusive and -only do their duty of repsating and blending all this in irregular charming vistas. 'hlius repen:ted and softened was " the picture;" a loy sofa with gold-fringed dark velvet aud tall a1lms stretching their fanlike boughs above it.; on the low table beside it, rising from a mass of huyaciatlhs and roses was a porcelain lamp, whose shaded globe made a centre of teniuder light in the rich gloom of the noble On this sofa their clhorishod frieud, "Ma lReino," as it pleat.ed them to call her, was half lying, the elbow resting on the cushions and the head. upon tho hand. "ýled drooped, a-'d clco. upoi' thlob:h.i, Thoughltul sheo was, asd somewhil s:d." ''The dark Yelvet, the grcon canopy of the palms, the soft, falling dress of black satin harmonised with the silver hair and " msthetically white" face, now for the moment restored to colour and youth by the flesh tint of silk lamp shade. ."Don't move. Let me got the tones of that light thrown up agaiust the green and down upon Ma Reaie's glistening hair.' The ceissonior paints, and paints. well. Her delight in th;s unpre meditated tableau was that of the artist as well as of a loving friend, and she peremptorily asserted no one should more; that all were freilh and amused, and " the right kind of day never began any way until near mid night." The Meissonior's fortunate owner put himself into a luxurious cavern of a chair, asked permission (?) and be came completely content as the thin ismoke curled from his lips. Presently, " What changed your expression and put you to thinking whea Bessio said you were already a series of pictures to her ? " This observing man has nearly the second sight. It is as well to toll him what he perceives. Ma cemo answered that the words "a series of pictures" brought back a strange superstition which for years heal had part in her life. '4 This is just the time for telling it," joyfully exclaimed the little woman, curling herself into a ball of comfort-a downy white ball of soft stuLffs and lace and satin ribbons sur mounted by the brown head with franik, brown eyes. " Oh, this is do liglhtful. I begin to feel creepy" (nestling into more comfort). i' Now begin." Mia Roine's low Southern voice began: " Once upon a time I was young. Something,'just as in a fairy tale, had quite suddenly rubbed out all need to waiit, to trihk or plan, or make any effort; but we had only to wish, and' our wishes came true. Audit wa we, that made it a good fairy tale, be cause for a long time ' she' sat aloue in her tower, while 'he' was away in danger and hardships and'lone!i ROsL's " Thon came.tis sudden and great change, and it was so like a fairy ta!e that we went off to a far country, where we need not be reasonable, but just let our fancies guide us. "For a long happy.year we stayed tlere. On the map it has another Iame and to most people it is only Paris, but for that year it was to us 'fairy land.' "We were young; we had such perfection of health as is given to few; wo- were not bad to look at, and we had but to wish and every wish was filled. I think we had not one draw back. i.,We lived quite apart in a small chateau in its own grounds on the l:?Ijsian ields, and for a long time we kept free from vsits--makng none and risking no break in this ideal ox istonce. We did not need people- so many noble pleasures woro opon without them. "In such dream-like life it was natural that oven dreams should be come beautiful, and in those days this dream came to me: An album-like book was given to me, and in the formless, voiceless manner of dreams I was informed that in that was pic tured my future lifo. The earlier pages were blank. All that, about a fourth of the hook, being known to me, those leaves wore untouched. Not oeery page, but hero and there, at irregular intervals, a water colour would/ill a page. This, I understood, portrayed some scene to come. Each was so stamped into my brain tlat I could have reproduced thenm with the brush had I been an artist; to my own people I did, in the telling and writing of them. They were so diistinct and beautiful that no detail has lefi my memory yet. Two wore of public and national iuportance, and were made real by events most unfor seen and unlhkely; and no one, alto gether personal, was equallr and fore shadowing of a crisis in my life. There were others, gentle and encouraging, but the last pictiire in the album mn pressed me most becase it ices the "And after tlree of those had been verified by living facts, do you wonder 1 gave faith to this closing scene? "It was a room in a country house which, as I-Iood says of his ' Haunted i-ouse,' 'was but a habitation, not a homne ;' but house, room, and all acces sories were English, in the country, and not modern. "A. plain, square, room with two windows, having a tall mantlepiece of wood, where, on thle bricked hoarth, a small fire burned; between tie un curtained windows was a solid-looking dark wood dressing bureau with a longish '?narrow mirror swinging be tween two carved supports. A bedsthad ofdarkwoodwithtall carved posts, the RquarO frame connecting tlhom havin, a frill of light curtain stuff attached, and the same about the lower part of the bed. A white coverlet was spread quite and oter the bed, which wac soft and yielding, and gave onlv in partial relief thie long, straight, sti filguro which lay under the cover. "One hand had been uncovered, and lay, stiff and ivory white, near tile head of a Iman kneeling beside the bed, his head clenched between hisi own hands, and sunk in tie yielding surface of the bed. "What was strange, the same man \--in each form, only tlle bank was shown-- stood by the mantelpiece, his head bowed upon one arm, which rested upon it, whoil the other arm hung listlessly, wearilv. His form expressed exhaustion, but without struggle; not resignation, but sub mlsslon. From the windows could be seen an avenue of trees, wild-swept and ragged, leading to water fitfully showv n by moonlight struggling with black clouds. "The room was in dim lire and. candle light. "That was 'all. "But -so vividly did it impress us that for-years, when travelling in ' places likely to have such a room or such a view, we turned trom any point recalling this dream picture. "Once in the Austriau Tyrol we found so charming an inn near a small lake that we would go no further. Everything there pleased us. Enough rooms could not be ready until later, but one was given us meantime and a good breakCast, and we wont off for a long sunny day; some to climb the glacier-topped mountain, some to idllo in a boat on the still, blue lake, and the. clever'one to be set ashore with sketching traps - each to follow their own will, and meet for ready then, and mine was a delight the late dinner. Our rooms were h'omts profusion of carved oak " But that dream picture. had bo come a family superstition, and when one of us saw a line of wind-broken trees leading to the lake, and com bined that with the carved bedstead, no reasoning would have gotten me permission to stay in that room. " I took another, much less fine, to the bewilderment of the landlady; but we hit upon the idea of saying it was a vow I had to fulfil, not to sleep in a bed of that sort. . " It was just after this Tyrol episode that, returning to Amorica, I went for a few days to Annapolis. This old M.[aryland city is so different from our shiny new towns, it is such a bit of still lifo left us from colonial days, that if you need a bath of repose go there. I once sent a young architect there, to make useful studies for his orders .for- country seats; but his • patrons had more money than taste or knowledge. There is a whole 'Queen Anne' town; and real Elizabethan mansions of rich red. brick brought over in Queen Anne's day-the brick now mellowed to softest tones, and all embroideoed by weather staius, while whole gables are dense walls of cen tury-old ivy; avenues of Lombardy poplars haveo been clanzcd ijito hugo columns by the ivy whic'has strangled and shrouded themi; while the large old court-house, too respectable to be called to account for its sins of archi tecturo,'enshrinis fragments of our early history which bring emotion to even a blase mind; the desk by which \ashington stood when he made his renunciation of power, and on which he rested his hand, when, silent from feeliiig, lie could not respond to the heartfelt words of praise given him by the presiding ofllicor, and caused that oflchml to say these other true words: 'There is no need for you to speak, Mlr. Washington; we all know your modesty is only equalled by your bravery.' "Above tliis bit of memorable mahogany are their two battlellags, placed there by Washington and Lafayette--our modest little thirteen stars, now born and friendless, crossed by tlhe hlistoric royal wlhite field and gold lilies of the iBourbons. "Queen Anno herself gave to the old church its fins communion service end the chime of bolls, which still toll in silvery sweet tones the unoeentful hours of a tone 'finished a hundred years ago,' and whose profound quiet of stagnation snakes Annapolis un American. "Always on other visits I had gone to a delightfnlly well-kept, quiet house, where my special midshipman could bring classmates, and have the feeling of being out of bounds. The Naval Academy is every way more considerate for youth than the obsolete exactions of West Point, whore no re turn to family life Is permitted the cadet. This time, going witlh my usual cer tainty, I founid the house closed, bo cause of a death in the family; but Mlrs. 0-. had sent a servant to the station to take me to the best quarters she could substitute. There my young people met, and as. my room was not quite ready we kept at table, and aftor in the cheerful, warm parlour, until it was time for them to rush back to the yard before thie gates closed. I was tired.and quickly ready for rest. Tho room, too, was not warm. Only an intended fire of green wood smouldered in the large fireplaco, and the two candles gave but little light. There was no fire at all in the small room opening from mine, whore mzu marid was to sleep ,and when I was undressed sho wrapped herself in a warm plaid and asked porniission to stay in my room and finish something sh was reading, as she was not sleepy. 1 was glad to keep her, for I felt up set and I always liked her about me. Some people have the property of soothing, as others have the quality of rumpling, all one's feelings. In all the long time my poor Sarals was with me she fitted in harmoniously. "This night I was not myself. It had been a shock to find what sorrow had come to Mis. 0.'s family. I was 'out of my bearings,' aisd Annapolis was having the unusual experience of a snow-storm, and the chill damp penetrated houses only prepared for mild winters. The snow was over, but black masses of cloud contended with a cold moon. I couldnot warm, even in bed, but lay awake, idly watelsing through the uncurtained windows the hurrying clouds and the wind-tossed tiees. Sarah in the red Scotch rug was a comforlable object; the d(lrk wood of the tall bureau between the windows made a good background for this patch of colour. She had coaxed thle lire until at last souse life had come to it, and as it sent up more light I noticed the very handsome carring of the high bedposts. " Quick as a lightniing flash it all camne back to me i! "Every detail was there. The fur niture, identical in shape and hang_ ings, the hmgh wooden mantel-piece, the windows, looling down a ragged avenue to water-the Chesapeake Bay lay at the foot of that slope-only .1 was alone and the figures of the two men were wanting. "With one spring I was out of that bed and holding on to the startlod Sarah. "'Sarah,' Isaid, 'this is thle room I am to die in.' "She had travelled with us and knew the story. "One wild look of recognition, and Sarah fainted away. Habit, slronger than this. horror, sent a.: last thought for my comfort........ "'You're in your bare feet,' and a mutter about 'taking cold' (as though" that mattered when one was about to die). hI laid her on the red rug, and from the travelling bag got the little br:mdy flask, but it was long before she roused fully. "W e kept very quiet, for' we had been told there was avery young baby in a room near. But we made ready for the worst. Wre put out one candle, to make ou- lights last; we cherished our small provision of wood. I dressed and we put on our traps. I wrote a long letter of farewell to my home people-actually I did; and I cried plentifully as I wrote. Sarah hield on to me crying softly and say ing continuous prayers, telling her beads with some trouble, as she would not let go my gown, or whenI stopped writing, my hand. It was all very real, and as terrible as reality to us; and I had no more reason that night than my good, affectionate, unlearned maid. 'We were just two women, seared. WVith the day and tie sun came a clearer head. " But I cut my visit short and wont home by the first train, after seeing my midshipman. I could laugh (a little), but he, having grown up to this story, had respect for It. " Y Tou must get out of this as fast as you can, and say nothing about it, but youcan't stay here another night, and there is no other place.' "IMy home people 'did not laugh at me. We all had a sort of smile--a wet variety, however-as the night of terror was told over. The good of it was that the dream' had been met face to face and was over and ox nloded. " That ghost wnaslaid. "Afterward I learned that tlhat room had had the usual modern fur niture, but when M'rs. G. sent for a room for me, in their desire to treat me well, the family had removed what was in the place, and taken much trouble to sot up these 'handsome mahogany things belonging to their grandfat[{er, a Welshman, long since dead, who had brought it from Eng land. "From that camo the 'delay in showing me to my room until it was Ilate, and I h'irrying to get to sleep; othorwlso I must have noticed it, end I should have gone down to "the Yard and asked hospltality from' seome of the oflicers' families." "'I am all one shiverjeard creep,'" said the little kind hearted Meis sonier, 'and you really never screamed ?' Muceh smoke' was' coming from the' disciple of St.'Thomas. Heo is clear •Rad logical, and' without.pity'in onor-. lthrcwin,, hleisfe ", ulv hi. lexicon does not contain that word--tor eiciet? hei reeds proof. But he is wise and practised, and most kind in the care of jangled nerves and troubled brcatb. Iio know this was no ease of dvyIpepsia nor morbid dwelling on a fency. Ieo looked -- and puffed; "Oh, pshlaw we have to be up and at it again to-morrow, and it's too late to think. You have talked yourself wide awake, and must have a little bromide-and so must you," to his wife. "But the two men ?" she insisted, like a child who goes on questioning down into the bottom of its satorisa "the men wore not there. And two men who are the same is something toe. too dreamv." Ma ileino hesitatcd, and then, "they would come after-. And have you not told mo that when they are together, seeing only the back, you could not toll father and son apart?" All were standing, aboutto separate for what was left of the night. " 5My story is not quite finished," she said. "Just a little more. You knew why, for reasons of health, I had to look up a plhce inland and in mountain air for tlo Winter months; that I was so pleased with all the advantages of the place I did take that, going over it with the owner. I was satis ficd and decided on a rapid mispecion; and you know it has proved as health giving as we hoped. "The house is largo and oddly built. There are many more rooms than we can use. Only after we were installed did I go thoroughly through them. Wedo not usethe third floor, but it has a large room lookinp eait, of wlhich I had the shutters. fastened back to let in the morning sun ".rom this window is a view to nearhills, at whose feet runs a rapid mountain river, which in high watere is out ever in tile meadows, gleaming blue and lake-like. The road leading to the river is bordered by a double line of tall old locust trees. Find me any tree more brittle and ragged than old locust trees l "In that room is a very fine hand comely carved old bedsread of ma hogany. The posts have been sawed off part way, but the remainder of these carved posts, with the connect ieg framefor the top, are in a lumber room above the carriage house. The bureau is of dark mahogany, with a long, narrow mirror betwveon supporta. '2he properties are again grouped, and the father and son, whose figures are so alike; are both there. The whole country-side keeps the stamp of its early colonial English settlement. The very name of our way station is from an English family of that date. "And," she said, "I must go back there." '" Come,' said St.Thomas, abruptly. ". Charley, will, you put out the lights? " "But is the story finished?" 