T«Rf TSP1CS AND ANTICIPATIONS- BY ASMOI'UUB, Owing on tiroly to tho patronago torthoomiug, from the metropolis, tho annual meeting at Geolongwns productive of satisfactory fluanoial results, tmd under such conditions I prosume, it would bo the correct thing to designate the, rimrion a succoss. Looal interest, as usual. Bowed to a vory low obb, and but for the presence of tho rank and file of Melbourne habitues a pronounced jiasco would have re sulted. It is theroforo plain that the oxeoutive cannot study too closoly tho convenience and comfort of those to whom they owe their very existenoe. Tho railway arrangements were of the usual defective character. In tho first place thore was a remarkable scarcity of first class carriagos, and tho majority of those who bad- provided themselves with first class tickets .were unceremoniously bundled into second class compartments, like sardines in a tin. Then thero was tho inevitable crushing at tho racecourse gates, whore tho means of in gress and outlet wero of the most primitive and inadequate description. Fancy 2000 or 3000 people rushing poll melt through ono small gateway guarded by a solitary porter, vainly ex claiming " Show your tickets." Such a state of affairs is intolerable, and numerous visitors, ladie3 in particular, will hesitate before under going the operation on a future occasion. This 1b adofeot to whicli attention has been directed year after year, and that it still exists docs not Bay much for tho reformatory policy of Com missioners Speight and Co. Why are not the gatc3 formed on tho same prinoiples as those at Flemington and Caulfiold ? A £20 note would sufilco to reliove visitors of tho cxtromo iuconvonionco they nro subjected to on the occasion of oach succeeding rush to catch the return train from Geeloug race3. It is to ho devoutly hoped that tho evil will havo dis appeared beforo Melboumo visitors arc again solicitod to pntroniBO the Barwou course. Fields numorally small and iuforior in quality woro the order of tho two days' racing, added to which tho finishes wero uniformly onesided, utterly devoid of a single hand to hand set-to in proximity of the judge's box. To mako up for this deficiency thero wore three genuine surprises on tho second day, as exemplified by tho separate vlotories of Donnld, St. Odillo and Silver Mine. By way of furtbor diversifying tho proceedings a few scenes occurred in . tho saddling paddook and on the lawn. Tho first of these incidonts was tho cjoetmont of Mr. B. Thomp son, tlio tftll known bookmaker oud brother to tho "leviathan," for refusing to pay tho licence fco for betting. Mr. Thompson and his sup porters 'argued tho point vigorously and at con siderable longth with tho stewards and secre tary, but all to no purpose, and finally the irrepres6iblo little motalliuian, rather than con form to tho diotum of tho authorities, allowod himself to bo escorted to tho outer gate by Iuspootor Toohoy and a postc of eight stalwart constables. Later on a well known Melbourne pugilist aud a Nowmarkot sporting bonifaco had a brief but merry encounter on tho lawn, tho professional gotting consider ably tho worst of it. Subsequently tho fighting man and an associate of his fell into tho bauds of tho police. Altogether tho 3CC0iid day was productive of very " mixed" sport. Tho climax was reached when poor Iluht camo by his death in the Steeplechase. The sad and sickening spectacle, which took place right, opposite, the grand stand, threw a gloom ovor tbo rest of tho proceedings. I never know, so muoh open sympathy to be oxpressod on a racoeourso. Virtually, death was almost .instantaneous. IIo . groaned onco or ' twice whilst being ' conveyed to the ' casualty tent,, where he imme diately expired ' A friend and myself were tho two last.porspns who spoke to him after he loft the paddook on Patchwork. He complained of not;feeling very well after his severe shaking oil. Moscpwat Eisternwick Park on tho pre ceding Saturday, ' still having a pain in his head. '. "He's, a' good jumpor, but a bit of a rogue. If I can keop him from running off. I think I'l win," w-oro his laBt words as ho oan- tored away to tho post with the customary pleasant expression on his faco. Poor fellow be did not long survive this frank utterance. Ho was so well behaved, well liked, so popular aud so succossf ul ns a horseman that universal re gret was expressed at his- laineutable death. I saw the limpidlluid trickling down many a turf- hardened vissgo. Ladies sobbing in tears wero to ho' seen lingering nionnd tho tent.whereiu he breathed' tho few oxpiring gasps. All around the ! expressions of grief, wore heartfelt and spon taneous, and with this mournful event tho majority of those present ceased to bo further interested in the proceedings. of the afternoon. .St. Odillo's runniug victory in'tlie Bcolong Hniidionp was the feature of tho second day's racing. So hopefulvere the respective parti sans of Qratltudo and . Claptrap that the con test was almost regardod In the light of a match' between tho pair. They reckoned without a very slippery foe iu tho uncertain daughter of St. Albans, who happened to bo in a racing humor, jumped away with tho lead, mado ovory po9t tho goal and won from end to end. Nobody was mora astounded than her owner and trainer, both oi whom by reason oi numerous disappointments had ceased to placo any reliance on hor, nnd consequently refrained - from backing hor. Nevertheless, St. Odiilo's hollow victory is only in keep ing- with her private form on tho Flemington training ground, where she has ropoatedly shown Morrison galiop3 which havo only been instrumental in causing a lot of money to bo lost whenever Mr. Harper and hiB frionde havo supported her on the strongth'of tho same. Tho last case in point occurred .in tho Asoot Vale Handicap at Moonee Valley, when she was backed for a big stake, only to run unplaced to tJmbra, whom sho met on lovel terms. St. Odille's victory was a rare throw- in for tho vine, not a single member of which wrote hoi' name, either straight out or in doubles. It appeared as if St. Odiile was permitted to got too fsr away from her field at the commence ment of tho race, hut aocordingto tho testimony of O'Brien, who redo Chuckster, and should bo an excellent judge of pace, the entire field wore at their top at the end of tho first furlong. Tho performance wasan extraordinary one, and fairly astonished thoio who had no thought of seoiug tlio light weighted filly gallop down hor opponents toa«tand still. Gratitude was highly esteemed by both Hu. pjlo and Harry Tothill, both of whom are at a lose to account for her indifferent behavior. Sho was. tho first to go in pursuit of St. Odillo, and tho first to collapse. So strong and well was the winner going at the homo turn that everything behind her was ill hopeless distress, and it was only by dint of superior staying ability that Claptrap was enabled' to finish in nearest attendance on St. Odiile. Tho time, 2 min. 14J sqo. (unofilojal),.was uncommonly good, considering thore was a strong side nnd head wind alternately. . . The discomfiture of Tho Nun in the Juvenilo Stakes and of F. F. in the Stewards' Furso were a couple of adverse blows to tho followers of tho Kingston stable, who wero in such undeniable form on the opening day. Had The Nun been ridden out to the last inch iu the same manner as was Damocles it was plaia that she could hare boon second ; but sho was totally unequal to conceding. 2 st. to Donald (lute Gene ral Gordon), who is by. Progress from a sister to South Hamilton. The unexpeotod triumph of Silver Miuo in the concluding event of the meeting was an appropriate Jiimh for tho fielders, who thus wound up ono of the very best days they havo experienced for a consider able time past. As was tho caso with St. Odiile, nobody was more surprised at tho result than the stuklo adherents themselves, tho Foulskam brigade boiug on to The Chanter to a man. Guess their surpriso, therefore, when they beheld tho sevorely negloeted out sider romp homo oasily iu advance of his heavily supported stabto companion. This is not in accordance with the usually well planned tactics of tho Brighton stable, and people could cot help wondering how tho aetata Isaao camo to make such a terrible blunder. The winner i3 a Tasmanian bred 4-ycar-old, by Napoleon from Silvorhairo, a horso of immonso sizo and rare quality, whoso aristooratio ap pearance found him many admirers but no friends. In appearance, color and markings,evcn to tbo white sock, ho resembles Navigator, -only built on more comprehensive lines. As a 2- year-old ho ran twice unsuccessfully, and last season tho Turf Rc/jitter shows him to havo run onco only, on which occasion he won a Bix fur longs handicap in Tasmania, conceding 8 lb, to Tho Knave, who was second, and in receipt of 4 lb. from Warflold, who occupied third placo. It may be mentioned that tlio last named pair had, curiously enough, filled exactly similar positions in the preceding race of ono mile and three- quarters. Silver Mino ie engaged in tho Newmarkot Handicap at 6 et. 13 lb., and in tho Oakleigh Handicap at 7 et. 9 lb., including a 7 lb. penalty. As his oondition is suscoptihie of considorahlo im provement ho promises to bo a bad horso to beat in tho first named ovout By winning tho Foal Stakes, First Prince emulnted tho por- formanoo of his brother, Silvor King, last year Ho was not Bet a very big task, however, both Parwan and Buttress boiug very insignificant oppononls. A bright and promising oareor was ruthlessly cut short by thb lamentabio accident .'which bofell young Iluht in tho Steeplechase. . He hqii firmly established his' reputation as an aoepjii- plishcd horseman, both on the flat'and.over .tlie jumps, big and small. Nature' moulded him for the saddle. ' His careor was fbr.the.mq3t part identified with Mr. R. Phillips's stable. JAs cross country rider his name was first asso ciated with the little chestnut horse Proni'ier, on whom ho won tho Bare-backed Hurdle Rttcq at Cranbourno four years ago, much to tho surpriso of tho famous Watson family, of whom tkreb took part therein. This performance in itself afforded tolerably good evidence of Huht's ability over fences. Ho subsequently achieved a series of vic tories on Napoleon (a bad horso to ride), Merry Maid, Huntsr and Tattler. Recently, he became possessed of ' Granville and Goodwood, with whom he won six steapiechoses this season. It is only a few weeks ago when alluding to Chester H.'s success that I drew attention to tho romarkablo fact that this proved Huht's fifth oonsooulive victory in tho Moonee Valley steeplechases, his previous triumphs being on his own horses, Granville and Goodwood. As I then remarked, there must have been a spice of horsemanship as well as luck attached to euch en unbroken serios of succcssps. Those who attended the late New Year's day meeting at Flemington will remem ber how ho waB applauded for tho quick and clover stylo in which he remounted Goodwood when ho was under the nooossity of pursuing the remainder of the journey with stirrups and reins disarranged. He was in every respect a natural and accomplished cross country horso-; man, courageous as ho was . resolute. Ho could also hold his own on tho flat, his latest victory being on Kit Nubbles at Elstornwick Park. There was no better be haved or better liked member of his profession. Unliko the majority, success did not turn his head. Habits of tomperanco, industry and thrift had caused him to steer tho right course, and there wae never the breath of suspicion attached to any one of his mounts, whether favorite or non-favorite. He wae in every res pect a credit to bis calling, and by his death tho ranks of Australian st'ecplechaso riders havo. been deprived of ono of their most rising and shining lights. Ho was asingle man, and only 21 years old. His remains were interred at, the Melbourne Cemetery on Tuesday last, fol lowed by a large number of turfites of all grades,' who deeply mourned tho death of one whoso memory will always be dear to them. The cortege which was over half a mile long, started from tho residenco of Mr. R, M'Kenua, Asoot Yule-road, and proceeded to tho Melbourne Cemetery. The hearse containing the cofiln ivilfl preceded "by a procession of jockeys and' stable lads, who walked in couples; then followed the mourning ooacli in which the sister of the deceased occupied n, scat, together with Messrs. R. M'Kenua, J. Morrison and R.. Mitchell. The impressive burial service of the Church of England was read over the grave in the presonce of about 1000 people. Messrs. J.'> Morrison, J, Barnard, D. IVilson, R. M'Kenna and R. Mitchell were the pall bearers, and the coflin was borne from the hearse to the gravo by the steeplechase jockeys, R. M'lvor, K. Batty, J. Kilduff -and S. Floyd. M«. JJarnard has reason to fool highly flattered " nith, tho mark of appreciation, which owners genarfllly have expressed regarding his efforts in connection with the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup. Eighty-three acceptances for the first named event, aud 43 for tho latter, is in deed a very hearty response, and I question whether a more pronounced tributo has ever been extended to a publio handicspper. This expression of approval is all the mora gratifying from tho fact that as a rulo owners of horses are not ovor profuse in their manifestation of contentment to tho official classifiers, who over they may chance to ho, a Barnard, a Scarr, a Bond or a Vowle3. But for the intervention of the Oakleigh Handicap we would probably see at the post tho largest field that has ever contested tho short distance premiership. In all probability, however, tho result of tho flutter over tho Kcnnol course noxt Saturday will oxorciso a prejudicial influence on the Newmarket Handicap prospects— an anticipa tion likely to bo aggravated by tho fact that the conditions of tho raoo provide for no penal ties. Encouraging, thorofore, as is the present aspect of affairs wo must bo prepared for a ohange wlion tho Caulfiold fial iB made known. Tho error of not providing a penalty for winners is already manifest in couneotion with Clap trap, Silvor Mino, F. F. nnd St Odillo, whoso soparato performances at Geolong must of nocosslty invest them with chances in ad vance of tho bulk of tho candidates. With the minimum weight of 6 st. on her back, and in tho same racing humor as she was last week, what possible ohanco could .t-hroo-fourths of the field possess of cutting down tho flying St Odillo? Tho good lookiog Silvor Mine must also havo a groat say at 6 st; 13 lb., whilo now that Claptrap has conclu sively proved himself to be In tiptop form; he likewise cannot be ignored at 7 St. 11 lb.'- .1 am not similarly .partial to F.F., 6st 12 lb., for if I mistake not ho is something of a commoner, and I fancy tho Kingston division have better cards to play in Mozart, 9st, Solo, 8 st 31b., and Mis take, 7 st. 12 lb., who aro a formidable trio. Grace Darling, 9 st. 3 lb., was so over weighted that no surpriso can bo ex pressed at her non-acceptanco. The re spective owners of Middlemaroh, Stafford, Blink Bonny, Duration, Battailous, Prince Imperial, Gratitude, Dirk Hatteraiok, Lord Wilton, Velocipede and Anchorite, doubt less thought tlioy suffered a similar injustice, henco their withdrawal. Ben- Bolt's; absence from tho fist is acoouutod for by tbo fact that ho haB gono amies, -vb'.lo the disappoaranoe of such animals as Laudo, Soroeror, Moander, Sir Garnet, Tho Door, Sirocco, Aflluonce, Jocular, First Priuco aud others is attributivo to tho circumstance that tho stabios to whioh caoh aud all holons nro represented by animals thought to possoss prior claims. Tho accept ances still present a formidable appearance. ,iyith . tlio groat' Malua ns the head jiioco. . .'Mr/ -'lag-its informs me that tho crack is doing ; very well, and Whatever idle rumors may have bee- circulated to the contrary tho same aro purely imaginary. - Mr. J. Whittingham has oried pontqnt with his quartette, consisting of Morri- tnu, 8 st. 11 lb., Claptrap, 7 sh 11 lb., Iron master, 7 st. 10 lb., and Xantippe, 7 st. 3 lb., tho pick of which should go very near repeat ing' tho Aspen trick. Morrimu is beyond doubt a great and improving horse, and it would not surpriso mo to know that he is bapqble of conceding tho weight to his stable companions, all of whom aro exceptionally speedy. Initiatory market movements havo caused Honoydew to bo brought prominently forward, and although he may belong to tho carefully preserved division ho has not profited much thereby, seeing that he is called upon to carry 8 st. 9 lb. Ho is, nevertheless, pos sessed of a fine turn of speed, and weight may not trouble him ; but I doubt whether ho is as brilliant as Coronet, who has only 4 lb. more to carry. Tho Ghost, 8 at. 7 lb., is another horse of immonse pace ; and Warfield, 7 at 5 lb., I look upon as ono of the very beat handicapped homes of the whole fleet. He has done everything he has beon asked to do, and there is no knowiug how good ho really is. Besides, he belongs to the illus trious St Albans family, of itself no mean recommendation. His last appearance was in the December Handioap at Elstornwick Park, when he carried 7 at. in a field of thirteen, nnd cut out five furlongs in 1 min. '4 sec. , a very tidy performance considering ho was ono of tho last to get away. Umbra, 6 st. 13 -lb.,, is a candidate for whom I also entertain a strong penchant, and another undeniable flyer is Astra® at a pound less. There are other light weighted fillies engaged who must not be held too cheaply, viz:— Juanns, Eric, Copra and Fair Ellen, all at 7 St. 2 lb.; Vascosa, 6 St. 12 lb.; Miss Merlin, 6 St. 12 lb.; Bonnie Doon, 6 st. 11 lb.; Girofia, 6 st. 9 lb.; Pomana, 6 st. 7 lb.; Lady Bell, 6 st 7 lb.; Cordiiy, 6 st 6 lb.; Mavourneen, 6 st 6 lb.; Sea. Weed, 6 st 4 lb.; Morceau, 0 'st. 3 lbi; Maydow, 6 st. 2 lb., and St Odillo, 6 et If I am not greatly mistaken the host ol this lot will prove hanl to boat 'Unlike the Newmarket Handicap tho pros pects ol the Australian Cup cannot be seriously affooted by tho result of tho running at Caulfiold next Saturday. In tho first place tho distances are dissimilar, and then again penal ties are provided for. Nothing could be . more satisfactory than forty-three crying content tn an entry of flftj'-seven." No greater compliment has ovor been paid to a handicappor, and what- evsr may chsr.bo to transpire in . the interim a large field is vouchsafed. Of the first eighteen names on the list thero has beon only one resig nation, viz., that of Reginald. Tho inference is significant and unprecedented in the annals of handicapping. The other defections aro Mante Christo, Prince Imporial, Dunlop, Volocipode, Comet, Ben Bolt, Metal, Anglesey, Duke of Athol, Clarendon, Maydew and Maori Chief. Ths promise of such a largo and influential field will eauso' tho Australian Cup to take precodonco of both the Newmarket Handicap and Champion 'Stikos, and will add additional iclut to. the approaching meeting. I take Sheet Anchor, 9 St. 3 lb., to be the most ill used horso in the top division, being very -harshly treated by comparison with Grace Darling, 8 St. 11 lb. ; Welcome JatA-., Set. 7 lb. ; Off Color, 8 st. 4 lb:, and Corise nnd Bluest. 131b. Thelastnamedie splendidly baudicnppod;-v„it must be stale after the severe ordeal she has Ewa through this season. Whispers are rife regarding Matchlock beiiig the iutcudsd. of Mr. James White s team. It ie no secret that a very hish opinion hat been formed of him prior to going amiss a." Randwick lost spring. Ho is by Musket froir tbeYatteudon mare Yatterina, dam of Libeller, Musketeer and Fusilier, a trio that have mode their mark on the Now Zealand turf. The last named pair are his own brothel's. Last season as a two-year-old Matchlock gained a couple of winning brackets at tho Randwick Autumn Meeting. Hi3 best performance, was in : the Nursery Handicap, when he carried 8 st. 5 lb. to viotory io a field of seventeen, such cattle as Riiigmastor, Astro®, Abner and others finish ing Whind hioi. Matohiock will therefore go to tho poet with excellent credentials, and if ho is fancied by tho stabio in preforenco to Norr denfeldt and Uralla he will be a, bad horse to beat.-, A very dangerous candidate . must be Minerva, 7 st. 11 lb., who fairly revois in a dis tance. Those who witnessed the last Austra lian Cup will remember the bold front she showed in tho straight. Her running this season provo3 her to bo a wonderfully improved mare. Mr. Johu Moyo has accepted with The Jewel for both- tho Newmarket ;llandicap and Australian Cap. Ho is let; down with 6 st- lO.lb in the lastnamod raoo— a nico weight for a thoroughly matured four-year-old, such as the sou of Goldsbrough and Ida is- reported to be. If so good a judgo as.Mr. Mayo, finally deter, - mines to visit us, this dark ono. of .-his is bound to command respect. : .7 Tho Sires' Produoo Stakes will .form a very valuable prize to be competed for at tiio V.lt.CX Autumn Meeting, As tho stake now stands it is worth ovor 1009 ears,, of .whioli .nmbuut the uominator of the. sire ;of tho tvinuer is. eor titled to 100 sovs.. aud tho second horso 10 par emit.,, winch represents a , Bimilar amount, 'l'iio contest , at present looks like- result ing in a. mntoh between Maddolina and iiip bo3t of Mr. J. White's pair, Phillip Augus tus or Tridont. The Nuu, .Louiso Borta and Munwyrtina are the best porformers of the re maining oandidaiee. : v Moonoe Valley will be tho rendezvous -this afternoon, wlion a vory presentable programme will bo submitted, for approval.' Ouo of tho largest holds of .the day will turn out for. the Maidon Plato, in whioh Jocular, Quinton Mat- sep and Mistral may havo m06t to say. Tho La Hose Handicap will probably fall to tho lot of tlio elect of the Brighton trio, Bonnto Doon, Maydew or Mayourltcoii. Woro be to face the stATter, 1 would search no further than Dirk Ilattoraick for tlio winner of tho Selling Race, but regarding him as a probable absentee tha \- .'tsuTmrevCTt to Warina or Uranus, In tho 'teoy Handicap, tho places may bo filled by Al- lender, Gardenia or First Pop 5 and in tho Jlovel'Selling Eaoo by Trishna, Navy Bluo and JDulcet, Melodious, Orlando or Pyretto would -Xppsar to bo tho host to follow in Vho February Handicap. J Mr. Vowlos has iesned the budget of handi caps which aro to regulate the contests at Sale V the 17th and 18th inst. Camerlne is called Jpon to concedo lumps of weight to her op- Vments in tho three handicaps, and although ,Jho could bo rolied on to silenco tho pretentions Si the majority, it is quite possiblo that some thing may crop up amongst the light- .Ivolghted local division capable of success fully opposing her. Mr. Davis will havo a .Visoful second string in Ditto, and should ho un- jlcrtako tho trip, which is highly probable, ho Vav bo rolied on not to come back empty- handed. Tho hurdle race looks a good thing Jor Mr. J. M'Grado with either Tantaliser or Pride, unless Brown Girl i6 equal to defeating the pair. I would scarcely look further than Lady Ashton for the winner ot the steople- xhase. . Young Morrison's appcarauco on Donald in the Juvenile Stakes at Geolong caused con siderable merriment. On leaving the paddock he looked more like essaying a trip on the .wallaby track than being invested with tho slightest chance of defeating such a warm favorite as Tho Hun. Attached to the pommels of tho saddle was a large parcel, suggestive of a change of clothing and a fortnight s pro- Visions. This was accounted for by the fact . that tho saddle cloth had been forgotten, and ns Morrison's bodily weight is only 5 st., over .14 lb. 01" lead had to be stowed away about his Serson, and in front of tho saddle inthe mannor escribed. Ho bad lead in his pockets, lead in . his riding boots, lead all over in fact, and leadln front of him. Ho member of the Kelly gang ipould have been better armored. Considering .he was thus handicapped, lifctlo Morrison did remarkably well to get home in advance of his opponents, j. Soveral metropolitan horses aro nominated for the Shepparton mooting, which takes place on "Wednesday next, but as the acceptances are .\lot due until Monday thero is no knowing what Candidates are likely to undertake tho trip. For tho Shepparton Handicap, Maydew, 7 st. 3 lb. ; Uncas II., 6 st. 10 lb.; and Gcnoe, 7 st. 3 lb.; nppear to he tho heat treated, and ono or the Vil — MnwiA !e tliAuMlt. tft ilUlJ 1UU UU11UVU tUV IjttOit. a SUVMQMV -be sufficiently attractive. In tho Moira Handi cap 1 entertain a similar partiality for Maydew, J St. 9 lb., and Genoo at the same weight. For the Ifurdlo Eaoo I like Canute, 5 st. 7 lb., and Equity, 10 st. 7 lb. 1 A good deal has been taid and written about ilia ejectment of Mr. "Barney" Thompson v -rom tho paddock at Gcelong, and judging of , What has appeared in print on tho subject the Information must havo been derived from a second hand source. I happened to be a spectator of the whole affair, from the time ho "was first confronted with tho stewards, through the secretary, until Inspector Toohey and his henchmen escorted him outoi the cnclcsuro; therefore, I can render an unvarnished tale.- Immediately after the first race it came to tho stewards' knowledge that Mr. Thompson had been offering to tako odds In the paddock about First Prince, and as he had refused to pay the betting licenco of 3 guineas, or pounds '—I forget which — ho was ordered by W. J. D. Robertson to leavo tho course. Hot being present on tb» first day Mr. Thompson thought bo would be justi fied in paying Half tho fee, and tendered the same, which, however, was not sceeptod, the secretary remarking ttet lie would have to Vmy fill or none. Mr. Thompson then put for ward another plea, namely, that ho had not written a single wager in his hook, and was hgreeablo to abstain from betting if only per mitted to remain in tho paddook. 1 1 "Wo have evidence that you havo been betting," remarked the secretary, "and it is the stewards' orders that you must leave the course ; hero is your money," tendering him tho half sovereign ho had paid for admission. "How constables," said the secretary, as he turned to tho gentle men in blue, who were in attendance, "you know your duty." Thoro was by this time an uproar in tho crowd which had gathered arouud tho weighing yard, hut before the representatives of law and order proceeded to obey Mr. Eohinson'a commands ftfl R V a.1 1 1 . A'uv.aiuuu ovcyiiuu ivrv,iiiu, aiHljlIltllO capacity of steward, tendered Mr. Thompson BOino very friendly advice, pointing out tho necessity of maintaining tho laws and regula tions in force. The metallician was obdurate, however. Evidently appreciating tho deter mined action tho stewards were bent on pursuing, he bethought himself of a law point and asked to ho "givon in charge." This re quest was not acquiesced with, the stewards contenting themselves by warning him off their domain. Tho argument then terminated, and curiously enough tho constables lost sight of ihelr quarry. Although a vigilant search was Instituted ii was not until after tho second race had been decided that tho arms of tho law " so-ho'ed " their game. Hot that Mr. Thomp son purposely secreted himself from the police, for he was in tho act of partaking of refresh ment in the paddock bar when the constables espied him. Inspector Toohey and a pone of eight subordinates were immediately 011 the aceno, whereupon Mr. Thompson was conducted to tho outer galo without any further palaver. These facts clearly show Mr. Thompson to have been in the wrong, and I don't think the easois likely to assume a legal development, as hinted in some quarters. Tlie Leader Sporting Almanac appears to havo recently been very useful in deciding a woger in an adjoining colony. Tbo facts aro thus Stated by " Trumpator" in tho Adelaide Oh tr- ftr;— "'Last week a correspondent wired us from Terowie, asking for tho beet record of tho American trotting mnro Maud S. for a mile. pYo replied 2 min. 8J seo. Tho S. A. Advertiser yras referred to at ho samo timo, and gavo M0 ag th« record. Deeming it im possible to decide the wager at stake on these uthoritiaa, tho A uilralaiian was annealed toi and a telegram was received giving 2 min. 9 see. as the mare's best time. Our correspon dent has forwardod us tho threo telegrams, and asked us to set the matter at rest. This is easily done. Maud S. trotted a milo in 2 min. 8 sec. at Cleveland (United States) on 30th July, 1885. Tho fact is recorded in The Leader Sporting Almanac for 1885-86." It is something to ho reliable. A foaturo of tho Gcelong meeting was tho success of the Tim lVhiffler family. Tho im ported horse's sons, Claptrap and Sinking Fund, won the Cup and Hurdlo Eaco on tho opening day, when his grandson F.F. (through Nnpo- I0011) also carried off a couple of events, and 011 tho socond day Silver Mine, another Hapoleon, further contributed to tho family prertigc. TI10 withdrawal of tho voteran Commotion will assist to diminish the interest in tho np- proaching Champion Stakes, Fryingpnn, Lord Wilton, Arsenal and King of tho Gipsies are also amongst the retired division. Intending nominators for tho autumn meet ing at Flcmington aro reminded that entries close at four p. m. on Monday next. The amounts to bo transmitted with tho general entries ap peared in last wook's Leader . Mr. C. L. M'Donald has arrived from Ade laide, accompanied by The Israelite, The Levite, Trojan and Belmont. , Sinco his arrival he has also taken charge of Childe Harold and Bishop. Mr. J. Crozior hasalso come over from Adelaide. Messrs. W. Filgate and Gordon aro expected to arrive next woelc In charge of Tarpeia and Sandal. Acolyte has been turned out of training. Mr. M. Jacobs has despaired of further per severing with Hilltop on tho flat, and the son of Mnribyrnong is consequently to ho put to tho hurdle racing business. Ho jumped in fair style on the occasion of his initiatory practice at Flcmington last Monday afternoon,' piloted by Fred. Hill. Mr. J". Warno has purchased Footman for £80. Tho chestnut has since joined E. Bonce's team. . . Tho committee of the Talbot Ence Club have arranged the following programme for tho annual mooting ot the club, to tako place on tho 17 tli inst: — Maiden Plato, S sovs.; ono mile. Talbot Handicap, 15 sovs.; ono and a half milo. Selling Flat Race, 10 sovs.; one mile. Handicap Time Trot, 8 sovs.; three miles. Hack Eaco, 5 sovs. ; , one mile. Entries for Handican rlim fill, Fnhvnirr , rwmnwil nntrv night, 16th February. Tho programme lor tho Tnfura annual races, to tako placo on St. Patrick's day noxt, 17th prox., has been issued, It consists of six events, as follow : Maiden Plate, 10 sovs., 1£ mile ; Hurdle Eaco, 10« sovs., 2 miles ; Selling Tcacc, 10 sovs., I milo ; Tatura Handicap, 5v sovs., 11 milo ; Handicap Trot, 5 sovs., 3 miles; and tho St Patrick's Day Handicap, 20 sovs., 1 mils. Nominations will bo reccivod till tho 24lh inst., and tho weights will Appear on tho 4th March. Tho accoptances and general ontries will close on the 16th March. Tho annual meeting ot tho Moama Jockey Club was held last Tuesday evening, when it was decided to hold the annual races on Wednos- day, 17th March. A programme similar to that of lost year was arranged, tho Moama Handi cap being increased from £25 to £30. When in Tasmania, Frank Long, thn .CJaUl- flold trainer, secured the notorious Tichboruo, who Is now baok nt his old quarters. The un certain eon of Countryman looks nothing tho better for nis sojourn in tho southern island. etonobroke has taken possession of tho box formerly occupied by The Aco iu J, King's Etablo at Caulileld. Gold Top, who won tho Selling Race at Geo long, has joined J. G. Eeid's team as Caul- field, Tho Tasmanian Racing Club netted £453 by tho use ot tho totalisator. At Launceston tho " infernal machine," as tho bookmakers term it, was not so well patronised, the profit accruing therefrom only amounting to £70. It is proposed to hold an autumn meeting at Hobart. Tho following aro the slakes won at the late meeting Mr. J. CrippB, 1st Hobart Cup, £250. Mr. J. Kearney, lstT.R.C. Handi cap, £80 ; 1st Hurdlo Raoe, £50 ; 1st Hurdlo Handicap, £50; total, £180. Mr. J. Powell, 1st Dei-went Plato, £80 ; 1st Goodwood Handi cap, £50 ; 3rd, T.R.O, Handicap, £5 ; total, £135. Mr. J. Pile, l6t Steeplechase, £100 ; 2nd, Derwent Plate, £15 ; total, £115. Mr. T. Keat- ing, 1st All Aged stakes, £50 ; 1st, Free Han dicap, £40; 3rd Hobart Cup, £15; 3rd, Derwent Plate, £5 ; total, £110. Mr. O. S. Agnow, 1st El- wick Stakes, £50; 1st. Weltor Stakes £50; 2nd Hurdlo Raoo, £10; total,' £110. . Mr. H. Jon- ding, 1st Flying Handicap, £50, 1st -Soiling Eace, £50; total, £100. Mr. E. 1'. Wilson, 1st Hursery Stakes, £50. . Mr. II. lb Faikinbr, 2nd Cup, £35; 2nd T.IbO. Handicap, £15; total, £50. Mri M. P. Whitty, 1st Maiden Plate, £40. Mr. G, 1'. Law, 2nd Steeplechase, £15, < 3rd Steeplechase, £5 ; total, £20. Mr. E. .Walker, 2nd Goodwood Stakes, £10. Mr. P. Counsel' 2nd Hurdlo Handicap, £10. Mr. S. 31. Wilson) 2nd Nursery Stakes, £10. The stakes'amouhted iu tho aggregate to £1190. For tho want of other matters to comment on during the prevailing "off".sen6on, tho English sporting papers havo recently devoted consider able space to tbo affairs of tho Australian- turf. Tho Caulfield Cup accident and tho V.It.C. spring meeting aro the principal themes of dis course. The I'ield, alluding to Mr. James White's proposed oxporiinent to breed to Eng lish time, says Our great classio race lias already been carried to France, Hungary, and America; and wo feel sure that, if tho Hon. James Whito eventually proves successful in his enterprise, a grand reception will ha tho result." The following appears in Truth " People have been speculating ns to the origin of tho name of 3Iiss Jummy, which tbo Duko of Hamilton has givon to his smartest two-year- old a filly that is not unlikely to win tho Oaks next soason. It scorns that tho Duko of Port land is known among his friends as Jumbo, his "pot namo" being Jummy. The Dnko of Hamilton, therefore, thought that it would bo paying him a delicate compliment to name his filly Miss Jummy, as her dam is Lady Port land. Thero are 181 nominations for tho Eclipse Stakes, to bo run for at Sandown Park in 1888. Although tho ontries are below tho stipulated number, it has boon decided not to roduco the value of tho stake. Foreign countries aro said to be well represented. An English sporting paper remarks that an interesting matter in connection with tho ontry is tho fact of a colt bred in Australia being engaged. I presume tho colt mentioned is by Liberator, and nomi nated by Dr. L. L. Smith. An owner's pleasure on tho turf must of ne cessity bo regulated as much by tho confidence and regard in which I10 cstcoms his trainer, as by tho measure of success attained. This is forcibly illustrated with Mr. Belmont, a lead ing American turfite, and confederate of Mr. P- Lorillard, when that gentleman won tho Eng lish Derby and St. Logor with Iroquois, who only lost tho " triple crown " by being defeated by Peregrine in tho Two Thousand Guineas. The illustrious American, itwill be remembered, was trained by Jacob Pineus, otherwise known as" Jacob Iho silent,"a man who had tho fullest confidence of his employers. He still trains for Mr. Belmont, which gentloman happened to he in England somo timo after Iroquois had taken the shine out of tho Britishers. Visiting a member of tho great Rothschild family, who is a prominent figure on tho turf, the latter asked him, "What sort of a man was this Pineus— was he honest r" "Mr. Rothschild," siiid Mr. Belmont, earnestly, " you have a groat deal of monoy, haven't you ? Yes, you have ; but neither you nor any other man in this world has money enough to buy Jacob Pineus." , The acceptances "and general entries for tho annual meeting of the Shepparton Turf Club closo at eight p.m. on 3Ionday next. Our Alexandra correspondent telegraphs that tho annual raco meeting has been fixed for Fri day, the 12th March, the day following that on which tho annual show takes place. Tho following is the progravmno : — Mai don Pluto, of 10 govs. , once round ; Alexandra Handicap, of 25 sovs., second horse, 5 sovs. , two miles ; Selling Eace, of ,10 sovs., once round ; Hurdle Race, of 20 sovs., second horse, 5 sovs., two miles; Shire Plato, of 15 sovs., second horse, 2 sovs., one mile and a half ; Consolation Stakes, of 5 sovs., once round; Hack Eace, for purse of sovs., once ronnd. The hurdle-racor G rattan is to 'be given [?] 