COLONIAL AND INDIAN EXHI BITION. The following are extracts from the latest letters received by the secretary of the 8. A. Commission from Sir Samuel Davenport with reference to South Australian exhibits at the above Exhibition:—"I note your remark re our wine sales, and your comment on the affair is just. We sold so much wine that we sent for more. Sir Thomas Elder's wine has all been good. Of his casked wine all has been bottled and sold except about three dozen. This morning, consequent on your note, I tasted at the bar a bottle of the white wine reported acid when tasted in cask by the writer to whom you refer. It is in bright condition and perfectly sound. There is not a ghost of acid in it. By the mail now in some one sends a Melbourne Argus with Mr. Rowan's letter of complaint and a leader on it. No doubt' the field for sale of wines was not left open as we had anticipated, for under contract with Spiers & Ponds for a weighty consideration, very tempting no doubt when heavy expenditure was being in curred in preparing the Exhibition building for the coming display, it probably escaped the recollection of the authorities that we might like to sell our own wines. As it waB, we had no alternative other than sell through Spiers & Fonda's men. I cannot say personally they have not done their duty honorably at the bar. Then in the school of cookery, I think under Mr. Clarke's superintendence, I am bound to think fair {•lay has also been sought. Donbt ess » local mail, acquainted with one vineyards, soils, sites, &c.;, selling for us would have had the addition of psrsonal know ledge to interest and inform enquirers on our wines. Still since the Colonial Offices were in near proximity to the bar, there was always at hand fuller information for any enquirer who thoughtfully desired to gain a knowledges Some have availed of enquiry—others always might have done so. Then by our weekly* Thursday open cellar to bona fide tasters' it can scarcely be said we have been without much means of diffusing infor mation, and results endorse this view. I cannot say the inexperienced salesman ha3 influenced the greater sale of port or sherry by suggesting these in preference to other wines, but they have been very generally demanded, and I placed this fact more on' the ground that these names of wine3 are better known to the_ masses of British people here than other wines, and that hence they have naturally called more for these names than any other; anyhow, these wines were good, or familiarity of name alone would scarcely have pushed their sale so rapidly asit did. Seventy - six and a half dozens of Sir Thomas's wiae were sold at the bar and school of cookery within May and June—the first nine weeks over one dozen a day of his wines only. Yo i will get a full report of the sales directly, aud Sir P. Cunliffe Owen will have a full detail of all wine sales compiled and published after the Exhibition closes. Of the seventj*-six and a half dozens wines sold as above all were port or sherry excepting twelve dozens; these wer3 seven of Madeira, five of Burgundy." 