CHAPTER II.~TEACHER AND POPIL. There are no doubt attractions of a senti mental kind that cling to fine old country houses, with which no other habitation can comrjete. ' I like von England onlv nrrttv well, observed an American lady to me on one occasion; ' but I do love her ruins.' Histori cal associations was what her own land did not possess, and she valued it accordingly ; and, indeed, it has charms for most of us. It is something to dwell under the same roof which has sheltered Queen Elizabeth in her progress, or Charles II. in his wanderings ; and perhaps even to sleep in the same bed that was once occupied by the Royal Martyr. But there are objections to there stately ancestral homes, which make them more pleasant to ' go over' as a tourist, with a half-crown in your hand, destined for the housekeeper, than to reside in as a guest. The rooms are stuffy, and the ventilation most observable in draughts under the doors ; the windows are small, and do not conveniently open ; there is generally reputed a ghost or two — which, however much we laugh at in broad daylight, is apt to appeal more strongly to the imagination, when are lying awake, during the small hours, in an antiquated four-poster. Lastly, the ' Castle,' or ' Hall,' or 'Tower,' or whatever imposing name it may bear, though generally what the auctioneers term 'finely situate, ' is by no means always placed in the most picturesque spot of those which its extensive lands afford for building purposes. In the good old times, when every body was for interfering with his neighbour, or for avoiding being interfered with, theacbitect of the period was more intent upon preserving the personal safety of bis employer, and mak ing him inaccessible to the general public, than in providing them with an attractive outlook, and we often sigh, as we contemplate some stately home, moat-ringed — as though wedded to old Time himself — 'Oh, why was it not built there or here !' It is for these reasons that I prefer to be a guest — for in my wildest dreams I have never pictured myself as the proprietor thereof— at some modern mansion, though owned perchance by a City millionaire of yesterday, than to be entertained in what I have heard a certain gilt bnt irreverent youth — himcgif the lord of such a feudal residence — term a ' ghost box.' I can fancy few pleasures more solid and satisfactory than that of going about this fair land, with a hundred thousand pounds or so in one's pocket, looking out for an estate with an eligible site to build a house upon after one's own fancy— or perhaps still better to purchase one ready tmflt. GcwgsCaBfliffB. ? fortunate man in many things— had been lucky enough to find in Riverside a ready-made resi dence that suited his taste exactly, save in some particulars which his riches easily enabled hiin to make comfonnable to it. It had been built but a few years by one who had risen on the flood of Fortune only to be dragged down with its ebb, and yet it had no objectionable trace of newness. How could it do so, indeed, when the flinty bowls of old Bleabarrow had supplied its walls, up which the creepers had been as prompt to climb, as heath and wild-flower were to deck the crags themselves ? There was an affinity between stone and plant at Riverside Hall, which I have seen nowhere else, and which make the whole edifice less like a production of art than of nature. Yet art, and that of the most modern kind, was every: where visible about it, from the divan-like bil-' liard-room with its electric marking -board, to the gilt gas-lamps marking the garden-path that led to where die steam yacht was housed— a boat-house like a Chinese palace. The lamps were by no means superfluous, though tJie steam yacht might certainly have been termed so, since it was only after much rain that the Nathay would admit of its reaching Bleabarrow Mere, under pretence of navigating the waters of which that ambitious vessel had been purchased ; but the sailing-yacht, which the Chinese palaoe also contained in addition to half-a-do^en plea sure-skiffs, was often put in requisition ; and after a late picnic, or protracted voyage, the miniature lighthouse at die head of die boat landing was useful enough, and die lamps be side die winding pathway saved many a bed of costly flowers from invasion and damage. The house was built upon elevated ground, thr.t gradually sloped up to it from die river ; but at its back, and sheltering it from die north and east, a hill arose, so high that it could be almost termed a mountain, and yet so fertile that great trees grew almost to its summit, be neath which die insatiable sheep crropped the rich grass ; while lower down clumps of tame deer wandered from shade to shade, with twink ling ears. The whole place, without and within displayed that perfection and wholeness which is only possible in a country residence when its possessor has large supplies of ready-money. It was Mr. Campden's boast, that if anything went amiss, from die bursting of die kitchen boiler to the breaking of a window-pane, die mischief was repaired upon die instant. '* Ten squires, ten yeomen, mail-clad men,' might not indeed wait ' die beck of die warders ten ;' nor ' thirty steeds, both fleet and wight,' stand 'saddled in stable day and night,9 as the poet tells us 'was die custom of Branksome Hall ;' but there were steeds and serving men in plenty at Riverside ; and men and horse were despatched to the country town with equal speed, and certainly on much less emergencies than were wont to send diem forth from that Border tower. No guest ever had it brought home to him that he was sojourning at a country house, from die occur rence of an inconvenience that extended beyond the hour; while every luxury was supplied to him that London could produce. Even die lettuces in the salads were almost as good (though, if there was a weak point in the Riverside commissariat, it is that which is common to all country places whatsoever — the lettuces) as those bought in Covent garden it self ; while die asparagus was infinitely better. Not a bottle of champagne was ever opened that had not been duly iced. The daily papers arrived by express si 4.30 from die nearest railway station, and from it was a branch telegraph to die Hall, by which die morning news came down, and was found upon the breakfast-table by die earliest riser. The guests of die house descended to that meal at any time diey pleased, or, if diey preferred it, had it served to them in their own apartments, but die hours for lunch and dinner were absolutely fixed (as they must be, if the cook is to respect his art), and were stated on a printed card, and hung up in every bedroom, as prices are at hotels. The wheel of existence was made, in short, to move so smoothly at Riverside that you foijrot the mechanism of strap and cog that are in general so plainly visible, and were apt to take that as a matter of course which was in reality the result of in finite pains and provision. When you shifted your quarters, it is true your mistake was im mediately rectified ; but it was said, and said tiuly, by those who had experience in such matters, that to be a guest with die Campdens ' spoiled you' for visiting anywhere else. What gave Riverside an advantage, how ever, it must be confessed, in such a compari son was, that it stood almost alone in being essentially a summer residence. Although the estate was large, there was little game upon it, and that little — the proprietor being no sports man — was not preserved. Hence, when die house was at its fullest, other country mansions was standing empty, their fashionable owners having gone on the continent, or yatching in the Mediterranean ; and when die hunter's horn, or the whirring wing of the pheasant, sounded their recall, Riverside in its turn be came vacant of guests, and die Campdens came up to town for the winter months. Sometimes their daughter Mary would precede diem by a few weeks, which she wold spend at the Daltons in Carding Place ; and some times she would tarry behind them, to enjoy ' die season' a little longer, under die auspices of the same mistress. The two families, though diey called them selves cousins, were only distantly related, but diey lived in great familiarity and fiiendship ; Kate Dalton, in particular, felt almost as much at home at Riverside as beneath her father's roof, and especially on die present occasion, when her ' belongings,' as she called diem, were her fellow guests. She had often stayed there alone, just as Mary Camp den — her dearest friend, though she was her senior by two years — had stayed at Carding Place ; but die fact was, she was never quite happy when away from her family. Her mother, whom she adored, was herself in delicate health, while her sister Jenny was a confirmed invalid, afflicted with a sort of chronic neuralgia, which at times made any movement of die limbs intolerable : and Kate was eager to do her share of tendance, and also to take Tony of their hands during his holiday, whose animal spirits, though he too was far from physically strong, were at times a little trying. It was from their mother that the children, doubtless, all inherited their delicacy of constitution, for Mr. Dalton was never to have had ' anything the matter with him,' in wind or limb : but for a certain nervous and impulsive temperament, which was common to them all, they had to thank or blame their father. Under an appearance of the most perfect sangfroid, it was asserted by those who ought to have know him best, diat John Dalton con cealed a sensitive and passionate nature, and that, though he was the most popular man of his day in clubs and on business committees — two very different characters rolled into one he could shew 'a duece of a temper' when dis pleased. As his wife and children evidently loved him to excess, however, it is charitably to be believed tiiat these paroxysms, if be really did indulge in them, were rare and short-lived. He has not yet arrived upon die scene in per son, but we may make some guess at his character from a specimen of bis correspond ence, perhaps. (To be continued.) 