The Markey’s Ghost, By “ Author op “ paraded in OME days before Christmas Eve, 1885, Melbourne Moore favored . me with a few romnrks. We were sitting on the balcony at our lodg ing, he looking with discontented eyes at the outside world. 111 have come to the conclusion,” ho said, *• that swecthcarting is ttio cheapest of ail amusements. I lose at horse races, orat boat races, but swcothearting is cheap. I have a plait for our mutual enjoyment. Of course, 1 shall go home to the farm, and you and the Markoy had betler coma with me ; I’ll get my mother to invito a couple of nice girls, and we will have a jolly time.” “ Why not three girls ? ” “ 'l'wo are enough ;■ thcro nl ways ought to be one man over ; if I get tired of one girl, I can go fishing, nnd leave you and tho Markoy to do the entertaining.” Tho Markoy agreed to go with us. It would have been a strange proposal that failed to please l’liillip Towers. He was a jolly fellow, with a something so aristocratic about him that wc at first called him “ the noble earl,” but on discovering that his mother was actually a lady in her own right, we promoted him to the rank of Mar quis, and lie eventually became “ The Markey.” Melbourne Moore instructed us to each take a travelling rug, and on Christmas Eve we reached the farm, a happy trio, The Markey took four tennis racquets, two ham mocks, and about 20lbs. of preserved ginger. His rug was the best of the lot. Mrs. Moore, Mel’s mother, received us kindly ; she was one of those charming old ladies who are always surrounded by pretty girls. Her niece, Poppy, was a' splendid creature, whose play at teunis was deliberate. She smiled calmly as she sent the balls over the net, while her friend, Mary Morris, made a frantic rush, opened her mouth wide, missad the ball, and generally shook her shower of yellow hair all around the court. In spite of these tennis peculiarities, within two days Mary had made the Markey licr captive, and judging by the way she swung in his ham mock, and ate his ginger, she was, as Mel expressed it, “ sweet on him,” Two days after Christmas, Mel’s father was unexpectedly called away. Mel, who rode to the station with him, on returning, took the Markey and me into “ the cottage,” as we called the detached room where we bache lors slept. Mel drew a letter from his pocket, saying: “Head this.” It was from Mrs. Crabb, our landlady, who complained to Mel that his friend Mr, Towers owed her for a month’s lodging; and, in addition, lie had Rtolen a travelling rug of hers, and that un less the money was paid and the rug re turned within two days, proceedings would be taken. “We haven't been to the station since we came up ; the two days have expired ; what shall we do? ” asked Mel The Markey Hung himself on his bed, ex claiming, “The ungrateful old crone ; 1 scut her a lovely Christmas card,” “ Why didn’t you pay her? ” I asked. “ I hadn't the money.” “ What in the name of common sense made you fritter away your month’s screw in rac quets and hammocks ? ” demanded Mel. “I wanted to bring something to amuse the girls. Mrs. Crabb knows that 1 mean to pay her, J always do pay once u mouth, only not in advance.” “ But about the rug ? ” I asked. “ This is it,” The Markey lifted it off his bed. “The rug was kept on a couch in my room ; how can it matter to her whether I use it cither here or there ? ” said the Markey in an injured tone of voice. “ Didn’t you ask her for it ? ” “No; I loft without saying good-bye. I was, afraid she would worry me to have Christmas dinner with her.** “ Is there anything of yours which she can annex 1" I asked. j' ^ ^Nothing but an odd dumb-bell and an old “ I have only a little silver,-and the pater, having gone, l can’t raise any more, X might ^try mother—M Mel began. The/Mavkey rose, " I won’t bear of it; l would spend a century in gaol rather than ask her, . We talked for a long time, and Anally de cided that Mel should return the rug, and send a letter. This epistle was a joint affair, and began:— “ My dear Mrs. Crabb-” “ Abominable old crone ! * murmured the Markey. " f ^ni exceedingly sorry that the Honor able Phillip Towers-” “ I’m not an Honorable.” Of course you’re not honorable, but you will be when you pay her; she will forgive the rug business if she thinks it an aristo cratic freak.” The letter proceeded :— ; “ I am exceedingly sorry that the Honor able Phillip Towers should lmvc occasioned you anxiety. He came to my father's house, as you know, but lias since left. 1 have no doubt that he will pay his debt to you in a few days. I am unable to forward the money, being in the wilds of the bush. Should the Honorabte Phillip not pay you by the end of the week, l will be responsible for his debt. Meanwhile, my books, Daven port, and clothing remain as his security.” i As Mel finished, the Markey groaned— “ Where am I to go 1 1 see that you mean me to leave,” “ You must go by this afternoon’s train, get out at Thompson’s siding, and cut back here. One of us will be at the boathouse to row you in the direction of the island, where you’ll have to stay until we raise some monejV said Mol, J ust tlion Mary tapped at the wall with a teuuisiraoquet. The Markey ran his Angel's ' through his fair hair, and his smile vanished. il You won’t tell the. girls ? ” he said, : “ Of course not; we don’t want lo make Mary uncomfortable by letting her know that every pound of ginger she has devoured has been an in si) It to your landlady,” I The Markey fled lo break the news of his sudden departure, while Mel-and I directed the rug to Mra. Crabb. When he said “ good-bye he fairly trembled, for Mary insisted upon putting a sandwich in his ling, and he was in agony for fear she might see * he meat, biscuits, and rather suspicious looking bottle Mel had stowed there, “My spirit shall hover near you,” the Markiiy said, m he held Mary’s hand. At !a.st we got him array, and carried out Mel s programme. I met the Markey two hours later, and rowed him to the end of the cleared water; he sprang out of the boat on to a clump of ti-troc, and plunged through the illiek scrub, tarrying his bag and a small “vagabond tent,” There was only a faint track to the island, which Mel had shown us when we went wnllab3'-htinting. As I watched the Markey stepping from tussock to tussock in the sunset light, 1 thought it t he queerest, way for a man to spend his holidays. The next day Mel and 1, under pretence of going duck-shooting, cut across to the island. The Markey lmd rigged up his tent, and said that he “ liked camping,” but by the way lie questioned us about Mary 1 knew Dial he longed to see her. ’ When Mel and I went back to the house we saw the girls on the lawn talking to a stranger, who on seeing us drew Mel aside and said that lie had come to arrest the Markey, which had a gruesome sound, Mel told him that Mr. Towers had left by the train for Melbourne, which was true, and that the rug had been returned. The man seemed to think that Mrs, Crabb had made a fuss about nothing ; still he meant to have the Markey, but at last went off to the town ship. Mel said,“ I wish the governor would come home,” and; I.went into Hie garden to wonder how L could raise some money. I saw Mary sitting' under the vine-covered trellis, her head upon her outspread arms on the rustic table. As the moonlight revealed her. dejected attitude, it occurred to me that if “ sweetheart!ng” was cheap to Mel, some one else was' finding that it cost dear. As 1 watched, a figure appeared on the path; . It was the Markey. llarcheaded, dripping with water, like an apparition, he appeared before the girl. She lifted her head, and stared, then gave a fearful) scream. He sprang for ward, but 1 hurried him into the shadow of the musk tree, and calling him a few uncom plimentary names, ordered him back to the island, l’bppy. ‘ran. to comfort diary, who kept on sobbing, “He is dead, 1 saw his ghost, he has been drowned,” This madoMol and me unhappy ; we spent the next morning on the island abusing the Markey. “ if you must see the girl, come as a man; do j something to prove you are not a ghost,” : said Mel; and that same night the wretch obeyed him. I wus on the verandah, trying to cheer Mary, when a figure appeared the other side of her hammock. As she sat up her eyes dilated with-horror. The Markey put his hand on her shoulder, iuid, giving her the most unghostly kiss-'possible, vanished from the,verandah, lnvas paralysed with indig nation. Mary was in tears. Again Toppy flew to the rescue, at whose side of course was Mel, who enquired anxiously, “ the Markey’s ghost, what did he say ?” “ Nothing,” sobbed Mary. “ Wlmt did ho do r “ He—he kissed me I” “Oh 1 surely not, you screamed, and T kissed you,” said Poppy, trying to improve matters. “ Poppy, you—you haven’t a moustache,” came in tragic tones from the hammock. When Mel nud 1 next saw the Markey, we bullied him in earnest. “ 1 thought it the simplest way without speaking lo show her that I. wasn’t dead,” was his sole apology. *• You certainly arc a first-class idiot,” said Mel, "you must give ine your woitl not to leave the island again until 1 fetch you ; my father will be home to-day, I will send Mrs. Crabb her money to-night, and then come for you.” The Markey gave us his word not to leave the island until called for. He borrowed Mel's gun explaining that any report would merely be thought some one ; duck shooting further down stream. Mr. Moore returned at.mid-day. Mel borrowed ! the money, and sent it with interest to Mrs. , Crabb, but after we returned from the i station, it was too late to go for the Markey. ! We were saying “ good night ” to the girls on ] the verandah, when Mary, suddenly clutch I ing my arm, whispered, “his ghost I see, his I ghost 1" Sme enough there stood the ! Markey. I was wild at his breaking his l word, 1 oould see that Mol had the some' feeling. We sprang forward, and seizing Ilia arms, dmggod him to the light ot the doorway. Ho made no sound-; his clothes were drenched, even his hair wet through ; his perfect, silence, and a certain feebleness in his walk, filled ns with fear. Mary, with trembling steps, advanced and touched his arm ns if to prove him real. He put his hand on hoi's, then leaned neainst her shoulder, and on the front of her white dress wc saw a sudden patch of crimson. M'cl and f plucked up courage to help ! Mary, and before long the Markey came to himself. He apologised for having broken j his word, but the gun lmd gone off uncx- ! pceterlly, and the charge lodged in his' shoulder. He had dragged himself from the island by long and painful struggles. Mary, on seeing he was not a ghost, found her lost courage, and aided by love and that clever Poppy, proved a splendid nurse. Even Mrs. Crnob, ns Mel said, came out ot her shell ; for on his convalescence she received the Markey most kindly, and with humblest apologies still calls him “ the honorable Philip.” Mol, thanks to his cousin Poppy, continues to think highly of 11 sweethenrt ing." I linvc most reason to complain, for, having nothing tangible to keep from that Christmas trip, have to rest satisfied with a memory of the Mnrkcy's ghost. 