I £CH(¡t£S EAR AND NEAR. FULLIB peiticular» of the New Zealand disaster show* that the acocante lint to hand hare been io no way exaggerated, and the death roll is gradually swelling. The whole of one small community of Maoris, the remnant of a tribe, hare been entombed together, covered by the hot ashes and mud, or killed *y the falling stone*. Of how many the yawning earth opened and swallowed, will never be known, and it ia only those who were smothered in their villages that will be found. THE Kew Zealand House ol Representatives has had under discussion a Justices of thb Peace Bill, upon which some extraordinary amendments were proposed. One of these was that every elector should bo rx officio a magistrate. To have carried tho absurdity a little further they should have pro" posed, in addition, thut they be paid at the rate of a guinea a'sitting. It was finally decided that magistrates shall be elected, tho mover of thin being Sir GEORGE GREY. VICTORIA und Nc»- South Wales have cut down their packet rates by post to a very low figuro ; our colony having followed Viotoria in order to save her own trade, for people here were ordering their English periodicals from Victoria and getting them delivered cheaper than they could by obtaining them in Sydney. Queensland has taken a different course, and maintaining the old rates, xnakos those who receive packets from either Victoria or New South Wales pay the diiferenco and fino on delivery. Those who have to send artiolcs by post to tho northern colony must remcmbfcr thiB ; for if not ' paid here, tho full rates are exacted there. Not ¡ much hope of federation when euoh trifling matters j cannot bo adjusted. THIS is how a' " Little Bird " chirrups' to . the proprietor of tho .NORTHERN STAR .:-'?'" . . ;i r j... Who wants honesty or integrity in a newspaper man in these times / Who want« Christian charity,' J good feeling, or fair play betwoen man and man ? Who wants anything that is honest or honorable in these days of oloau competition? What is wanted in a newspaper man is a person who can whoo! about, and turn about, and do just so, and never have any opinions of his own. , . . Don't you know that tho leading G raftonists oweyou a grudge for coming forth into tha; wilderness. and helping up the rising township of Lismore, and the Lower Richmond liivur until some people (yourself inoluded) are getting too big for their boot«. . . , But there's something browing for yon this time, as backed by Grafton and Casino inrluonoes, the dagger of contumely and negleot will enter your BOUI, nnd tho ground being out from undor your feet, you will have no resource but to yield up the ghost, or seek fresh fields and pastures new." IT is the old petty, despicable,policy of fanning local jealousies, tho objont-all Coo apparent-to damage some anticipated opposition in tho journal istio line. Is Lismore tabooed to overy ono but those at present planted on its soil í If that was to bo the case, there would be very little progress for it. The Star hos nothing to fear if it is main- tained as an independent papor, supplying tho public requirements of the times. Then why start at shadows. It is only an indication of weakness, and as for thu rubbish of the '' uewspapor man." who.oares for him apart from whither he runs his papor to command respect and support or not. The commercial considerations concern tho " newspaper man " alone, and he must also remember that he is in a speculation whore there is no monopoly. Tho field is open to ali, and he must be prepared to meet them. - As regards Grafton, the -' Little Bird ' ' is chirrupping on th o wrong tree. THE first Bcotions of the Horaebush-Waratah line are under construction, and a member of tho House thus speaks of it : "I know that many blunders have been made as to the route. If the Government surveyors hod condescended to take advice the route might have been shortened by 12 or 13 miles. It seems to me that tho surveyors seleetcd tho worst possible route, as, instead of taking the line along hard dry ridges, where no culverts would bo required, they took it along the lake country, where culverts aro neoessary nt intervals of almost a quarter of a mile. When the trial survey waa being made the inhabitants volunteered to accom- pany tho.surveyors, and show thom tho beBt route, but they' wore sat upon." Tho reverse of thia should be the case; surveyors should be glad to reçoive suggestions, not necessarily that they should adopt them, but In order to elicit all tho information obtainable. If the statements in reference to the HomebuBh-Waratah line are correct, it would appear the country will have to pay a good many tliou I sande extra, for the obstinacy of Borne of their I surveyors. Mr. J. M. PURVEH thinks tho Civil sorvants col- lectively are overpaid. "They have the shortest hours and the easiest terms of any person in the community; they go to the office at I) o'clock, or half-post 0 in the morning ; and if ono goes into a public office any afternoon about ii minutes to 4 ho is almost pushed down the stairs by tho outgoing throng of Civil servnnts who have just finished their labours for the day. It is the practice for the majority of these gentlemen to leave off work about half-post 3 o'clock every day. At this hour they commence to put their pnpers away. Then they | wash their hands, brush their hair, and put on ! their coats, and very often if ono goes into.a public office a few minutes before 1 o'alook, ho will find I that every officer has gone away." This may bo true of the Sydney Civil servants, but scarcely applies to country officials for instance, whose J time for getting away is often nn hour after ofJQoo ' timo, and they have frequently to return at night to work up arrears. THE producers, traders, artisans and others of Unka, who petitioned against the imposition of the pro- I posed new customs duties, were not aware of tho 1 standing order of the HOUBO, which says that every j petition must be in writing, and no printed or lithographed petition shall be received, consequently Mr. SPEAKER rejected it. WHATEVER may have been the shortcomings ia the I political careor of Sir JOHN ROBERTSON, there are few who will disputo that he has taken a prominent and important part in the drama of colonial legis- lation. The Crown Lands Alienatiou Aot of ISCli that has enabled New South Wales to take a gigan- tic stride towards her development, will alone tend to immortalise the namo of this veteran politician in the annals of her history. To many thousands of industrious and enterprising settlers has the passing of this Act proved an inestimable boon, and through the consequent accessions to tho yeo- J mmiry of the country has it progressed and pros- I pored, probably moro than by any other contempo- rary enactment of tho Legislature. Though compelled by the infirmities of ago to relinquish tho arena of political life, it mUBt bo consolatory to the " Father of free soleotors " to be cognisant of having, while in his representative capacity, been tho framer of a law that bas proved of immense bone ut to thc oolony and its people. 