PRIZE STORY COMPETITION. I , AGNES MEREDITH'S BIRTH DAY TARTY. ' (AN AUSTRALIAN 6TOUY.) ClIAI'TRU V. Br WILLIAM COLLI SS. It was onrly in the eroning thai Eric :took hiii dopnrttue, it not being quiio 11 o'clock. IIo managed his d-pnrturo ? bo Wv'll that it created no break np of . v tlio party, of whom onlj a few knew of difference with Miss Wa)ford, nnd no more woro awnro of his departure. "When Agnes cntorcd ttio rjom nfter Eric's tnkiog bi? lcavo of her, shofound t her Bocsta nronarine for another dnncfl. II?:? guurvts lUI misJimu uniiic* i )vHor attention wbp, howoror, cnlled to n >?; little confasion that had taken placo in "ono of tho bed-rooms, to which sho at onco repaired to learn tho canso hcroof. ? There were in it, when tho entered, her fiiatcr Je?sio and two oldor ones, nnd ?Miss Wnlford, tho Jnttor Indy lookingns palo ns death. " Wlint ia tho matter hero, Jessie," -she asked impatiently, "too oro all \- DI.D >D?CU lujpwuillj, JUU UIV OH making a groat fos?." j 4 f Why, Articf," replied Jossio un .dignantly, " thorc has boon Eomo torriblo ?; work goiug on here. Aliaa Walfoid has ?ir baen taken ill and wishes to rotire, and this bed that had beon mado up early in tho day is now torned npsitlo down, and robbed of both its shoots nnd pi low ? ?slip; acd a whole candle, which this ivbiorniDg t plncod in that eiWer candle- Btick is, with a box of matches, taken too. And look hero," sho continued in a rexod ? nit, " Bee all over tho floor, ia strewn the " ' ?..W HV/W*, IU DkIVWU ' aleds nnd inside of a pnnipkto." * J ' Wbo on earth could have dnred to .porpetrato such Tiilainy ia our house," -exclaimed Agnes, with overwhelming ?emotion." " That is just what I want to know,'' replied Jossie. " If I can bnt find ont, thc-y will neror .enter this bonso again," declarod Agnes, " Such iropudcnco to 6nre. Tho ffman brutes aro worso than piga, the luxuries of cur table are not good enough for them, bnt they mnet finish oft'with a dessert of raw pumpkins. I take it, howe?er, for a specimen of their uncouth breeding. I wan norcr treated with such -low insults in all my lifo before, as I httTO been this night. Tho next timo I giro a party, I will bo more sclcct in njy ehoico of frionds ; I shall observo a leaving the room k at tho moment with n disturbed tompor. Wb?m she returned to tho ball-room, her , quick discerning eyes diroctod her notico of the. absence of Ilichnni Noleon and Edward Wnlford, tho brothora of the two ladio? whom Eric got into trouble with. A suspicion eoomod to at onco take possession of her. Sho made inquiries concerning them, but could only glonm that they loft tho room nhon eho wee condoling with Eric Anderson, whoeo expressed intontiou to at once return homo the}' had over heard, and from thtir domennorer nnd glances towaids him, when they wore " v ? ,u l ....... glances towaids bim, when thoy wore departing tho room, it w?b too evidont that ho was tho instigution of it. Wboro they had gono no ono knew. Howover, tbtojr vrojo gono. They know the route Eric wonld travel home, bo having re counted to tho company early in the CTening his march round the " big Bwamp," by which track ho would re trnco his steps. Did they prenieditnto aril to Eric? was a oaoetion no one (]VII IU JJillWi n i?0 ? IjUVOVIVU MW V/MV oonld answor. While matters remained in the above described condition at Belmont, Eric Anderson was slowly pacing his vrny homo, brooding bitterly ov?r the eTotits of ttint nnhappy night. On his way thcro ho mot with no interruption what ever, .nntil he camo to the " big swamp," \\.wlnc?, io-his then dieturbod mind ?md in " the stillness and darkness of night, pre sented to bim a dismal aspoct. —It vrirs ..possibly a little after ]2. o'clock when l—tio-arri'"'"! -n - | ii?|yft- l -iniibmc thu swamp—thu wuy that -^?ontwg^vuuu Jio hftd como— a. nnht tcrriiic spo_ctncsc, \- J Hrnrr^io^ r^^T>iT"''upoD, " Wict his oflfrightod gaze, in tho Ehapo nnd form of a gigantic fignro abonfc ton fret high, swaddlod in a looso and flowing robe or clook.all white. Its face and head woro hideous to behold, even frightful to the rery extreme, ,aryj„.? B rim a " l ] ,nlarm[p^^j.j ; sp or^:on? that no ono . ( . L . ?" even pbssiblj imagine, innch lets to rxpect to read, of tho like. Inthecyos, tho nostrils and the month wereablnzing firo. This rerolting figure advanced townrd? him; uttoring continuous groans ond yells of an nnlu'olthy natare. In moving towards him, it appeared to do so by gliding along tho ground, and not by stops'.'" For a few moments Eric was almo?t paralyzod. Ho kuow not what to Bay or to do, bo unexpected was tho snDarition. and ho unliko was it to any- Df;jjuiinvu, w tiling .that he bod over heard or rend of in the history of ghosts nnd evil spirits, and no work upon such subjects hnd oicaped.being devoured by him, for be had ? tnbst alarming love of tlio marvel lous. Whon ho began to rceovcr his equanimity, tho thoughts flashed through liia mied if it could be one of these, or wa? it tho " Bunyip," or tho " Yahoo," that ha bad hoard ao much spoken of by the blacks, who dreaded soch things, And the very thoughts of them, with nnspoaicable awo ; howovnr, ho conclnded that it was evidently Boniothing evil. VllCtv *? — c - And as solf-pro?orration is ouo of the first and most natural laws of human natare that wo obey, or try to do, to the vory letter, lio first thought of mak ing on effort to escapo from ita intended attaob of him, which certainly apponred inevitable from tho mannor in which it Wfl? 80 fearlessly npproachin# him. At this conclusion end uioinont tho tnan aflsortod itself, aud whinpered in his heart, "Are you going to act thecownrd, Eric? Stand your ground, man, und fight it out-; your cause is good, trust yonrGod." . Tbi? fiashel ihrorgn him like an electric Bhock, und made him rjocuUt" ' " I will nf| t run, hut will do or dio. With that ho gripped firmly tl&ek-; Eric demanded of him tho reason o( such raacally comluct. Ho, in a blun dering manner, Appearing afraid, ropliotl that Nolson nnd ho woro offended at the manner in which ho hod, iu tho danco, treated their Bisters, and that they had resolved to redress it in that manner rather than bj personal violence. "Personal violenco!" retorted Eric, at tho top of his voice, " You talk about jtsrsonal violence to mo, you worthless tinker, do you ? you shall have all you want of it," ho vociferated iu a groat rage, drawing out his clenchod r fist straight from the shoulder, and striking his trembling antagonist ono, ttfo, threo in as quick a space of time as you could utter " Flanagan's ball," Tho sudden impetus of the blows felled Walford to tho ground ; for Eric, as well ns being a scientific man in tho art of self-defence, was likewise strong . <1 . i ..- _n ? j _ trom tlio muscular exercise of nil kinds of athletic? and rowing, in which latter art he bccanio a finished amateur on the Parramaltiv River, and could dexterously fenther an our with any of his class ; and being neither an iudulger iu spiritu ous drink of any kind, nor did ho smoke, ho was naturally iu etrongth a "little Horculo*," -tho sobriquet by I which he was known. Walford lay on tho gronrul whither ho was knocked by Eric, utterly eowod -down and, craving tho latter's pardon, on tho grounds that tho fault wob Ncl non's. Ho declared that tho latter had invented the " act. " " You villain," roared Eric, shaking his clenched fist at him, " I hava half a mind to murder you straight away, bnt I will Jenye you this timo to that casti gation which shnmo, disappointment, : and cowardice and mi evil conscience must indict you with. Look you lliero," ho continued, " you insignificant wholp, that vile and perfidious scoundrel, Nel son, your friend, is arousing from tbc stupor it.to which I I^GCk'S'-a'triYiV;""u" you can him and get him homo ,1 88 best you can ; and, when yon got thisro, take my advico and both of you make your wills—if either of yon havo anything to will—nnd then go to tho nearest waterholo and, after tying a etono carefally round each of your nocks, jump into it ond drown yourselves, for tho pair of you aio a slur upon society." After completing this severe address to his fallen foes, ono of whom, Nolson, w?8 his rival for tha fair hand and tender heart of Agnes Meredith, ho picked up his stick from tho ground, whither it had fallen whf>n he sot about tho business of putting Wolford through tho "mill "with his iist?, and resumed liia journoy home, whoro ho safely arrived without further hindrances or mishaps. CnAI'TElt VI. A litllo after eanriseon tho morning of tho day that immediately followod bis night of advfintnm), Eric Anderson arose unrcfrrfilnul from his fow hours nlomber* His mind was gloomy and bis heart Bad, for tho oven I b of tho previous night did not fail to pierca his hanrt to its very core. His nnrrniecs vrero many. He folt assured tliat Kichnrd Nelson hnd some other object in view besides that of ro?Oiiting his conduct towards the /. i ? i 1./ i siators of him and WMlord, wlion lio ployed tlio hobgoblin in such ft perfitliouH manner. . hourt assured him that it \va? hi? own intmncy with Agnes that oL'cii?ionotl it, for he plainly saw thut Nelson had a Eccrnt regard for her too, and that hi.- object Wuh to, if [)!intsiblo, place obstacles in the way that might bocome stumbling blocks over which ho and Agned might Jail, and eventually wjjsmtvj from bticg tliorno Mick nt llio middlo or contra-— f for ho had lor.rncd slick exorcise ns vtoll as tlio nit of boxing—and placed him self in such a combntiro nttimdo ns an Irishman wonld at Donnybrook, and at 41,? vr. i * i. _ it.. tno top of his Yoico rnnroii out to tho frightful imago, thnt wrh then within s fow yards of him, " What in tho nnmo of Heaven nro yon ? Whoro did you como from? and what do yon want with inc." Tho phnntom, for such it appeared, 1 i 1:1 uttered n lndoou? ncrenchinj? howl, liko that of n Jackal, which .Hushed horror through his whole frame. At tlio siamo moment it mculo n dcHpi'rnlo bound at Eric, who, in tho extremity of the moment struck at its he.ml n heavy blow with his blackthomo; but tho blow foil -i i. ~r *i i _? . l __ i ? i_ short of the placo mined at, nnd struck a portion of tbo body of this unknown snbstoncc, about four foetbolow the Ik>?ul, nnd with a lionvy fall tbo Hobgoblin foil to tbo ground. Tho placo where it dropped wns on a sloping riifgo, nnd tho ! monu'nt it camo in contnot with the ,i ii.? i j it.. /: i.! : ground, tho bond with tho hery„ blazing oyen, nostrics, and month, at onco sovorod itself from tbo body to which it was attached, nnd commenccd rolling down the sloping ground, i\b if wenry of it, and glud of tbo opportunity to CBCnpo. However it only rolloii but a fuw yards, when it canio into collision with a treo and had tohault. 13y this timo tho fiory oyc?, mouth and nostrils had die appeared. Whon lilric had ngain rccovcroil his prO?once of mind, lio Ktruck a mutch to see what kind of an object it was (lint he had rased to tho ground, and, to his on spenknblo surprise, there Iny boforo him tho tiguro of Richard Nelson, attired in an oator robo of two white sheets, which wero nlso attached to n stick about four i feot or bo npon winch was plncod tho false hosil already described, and which proved to bo none oilier than n pumpkin scoopcd otif, and oyes, nostrils, and month cut into it tLrongh tho fiub- Btnnco into tho liollow, within which n horning cnndlo was plncod, which gave those organs of fctio fnco tbo fiery glare which limy boro. Tho stick, with the head upon it, was stropped to Nelson's shoulders, nnd tho shoots woro nttnehod to it immediately bulow tho pumpkin head, and, being long cnongh, they reached tbo ground, enveloping Nelson within them, four feet aboro whoso head tho fnlso ono was elevated, which gavo to tho fignro n toll nppear nuco. Whilo Eric was viowing Nelson, Edward Wnlford, who had been till then concealed in a bu>h, cauio up. I oa they werJ—ardent lovers and door friends from the period of Agnes' infancy. 110 snt down to his breakfast nbuut nino o'clock, but ho ato little, lor his appetite was Butiptioil with something olsn that would not digest. After tho meal was over, ho nroso from his Beat nnd departed from tho lionso. Ho entered the garden, and walked directly to a fashionnblo Roat under a large willow-tree, nnd after senting himself, ho rfrow from his pocket tho previous Saturday's isano of the Singleton Jnjus ne.wB t mper. This ho began to rend, or pretended to do.bo. It was, however, not long before his eyes when ho placed it upon his knee, and fell into a deep reverie. In this ho re mained for sotno timo. At length lid aroused from thot thonghlful trance, (Uniterm?. ?i.lnmiu Kj " What shall Idn now ? Wlint stops ahull 1 adopt to subvert Nelson from overthrowing mo. Although I oneo thought him a gentleman, and a polished English ono too, 1 now lenm to my Borrow Hint I am mistaken, for I too too pi inly now that ho is a finished villain, who will not stop nt anything to accom plish a particular end tlint ho may hovo in view. If that man wore but atrippod of his riches, I would not hesitate to say that ho wonld Boon ho fonnd upon the polico sheet ob a criminnl; and ninny thoro nro who nro liko him, and pass, and aro admitted into society as gontlemon, and whoso dosiro only to maintain their position in sncioty na gentlemen, keeps thorn from revolting into crinio and all its horrors. It i? Dot a We of obedience, purity, ond honor that keeps such fellows out of gaol, but tlw dread of punishment and tho lobb of their position in Rocicty. Extor- uskbui tnin?lo tho gaols and society, and then tho nambor of of nobility of birth nnd of high respectability, that would descend to the most revolting, unrolont ing, and cruel of crimcs, would bo alnrminp. Wlint a world of deception this iB I Woo, misery, nnd ill-treat ment will attend tho unhappy woninn that geta that wrotch Nolson for a bus hand ! find rnt tlin villnin dnro? In oano; ana yet ina villain aaros to ft?jpiro for tho hand of Agnes Morcdith —a pmo, modest, and innocont girl. Rather than bo that wrutchoa' brido, 1 would sooner sco her go to her graro. Oli! tho very ecoundrol, I will bo tho death liini if ho doro cross my path thoro. Sho might have beon mino long ago, only—coward ! wrctchod coward that I nil)—that I could noTcr nuistor courage enough to tako her gently by tho hand and whisper, " Agnes, will yoa bo my wife?'' What am 1 ? What am I lit (or? Why was snob n use loss being—a cipher, a coward as Inm —brought into oxistonco to bo moekod by reason of my doplorablo imperfoo tions? Wero to God that fato had i decreed 1110 to bo a lirro such ae a Napoleon, a Wellington, a Nolson, o Wolselny —aye, or croa an Australian Premier, for with thin Inttoi I would bo better sntisliod with myself; but as I am, 1 abhor myself, and now that my fellowmen nutc mo, I cannot vrondor at it, for I actually hato luy?clf. Dot what has this to do with Nelson, for, bud as I urn, that wrotch is worse; I will upset liia plans. I will disturb his peaco of mind if 1 can do nothing elso. lie shall not lmro Agnc? Merodith—by heavens ho shall not. Agnos goes to chnrch ou Sunday, nnd I will go too and seo her, and expoeo that fellow's conduct to her, nnd eettlo my delicate iutimscy with her one way or tho other. Ileforo next Sunday's nun has set I shall have known whether Agnes Mero dith will bo my bride or not. 1 will suffer this misery no longor. If Bho says Yes, woll, and good ; bnt if her nnswor is .A'o, it will then be 1 Adien, Australia,' for I will for ever leavo its shores." And thns Finishing this affect ing soliloquy, ho left the garden. (To be continued.) 