fHMecellaneous, • The Measureless Weeps. . I think sometimes that the silence itself has a soritidiess' ghost, r. A stillness deeper than ocean, where gather the countless host Of shades that are shade's' reflections, of glooms that arc shades of gloom,' And echoes of thoughts n'nfathomed which never in words find room. There are thoughts which move at midnight too deep for avision's reach ; There arc waves deep down in silence, too Strong for the grasp of speech : Aud a mvsLic intuition in infinite depth of space. , . , Too furto impress "reflections of shades on a ... mortalfoce. ...... : -' Wc know in..thq.<5ijlcn£ (lumbers tbe beats o£ a distant heart. ^ Wc have secn'witti iui^inef vision tlie'cur- ^ tains o? sil«i(£ part,. _. And far in'tbe shaded distance have-read, as on magic scroll, : The words no sound conld utter, addressed-to an earn'eStSOTSIL ' There are t hings so'deep and sacred they flee the approach of sound, There are ideas pure and holy no natural hedgerows, bojiad^ . And somewhere, well adjusted, unseen, unheard, intense, " Are the truths which reach ns only through a -seventh miatepoufsense. We-hean-not, spe»k>not, feel not, : yet we ihinkj-and jtfust^pnajjnpw, While file viewlqs mysticcurrehts sweep by in their eaillebs- flOw, ' - While above the mirrored crystal thbre flutter . . the ghostly iriugs, Arid'a song too "s\re'et /or ^language itsjabilant anthem brines. ; The grandest truth of the ages have entered \- the heaft^ikeihis-,-;. The things Sve can never utter producing the greatest bliss; Mysterious intuitions, swift shades of. a shadow-thought, / Have flooded the soul' with sweetness in miracle wonders .wrought. We know there are soul vibrations, a subtle and gloriohs-bond, Uniting the worid material with a something "so farjjeyond That it rcachcs os in soul waves, too delicate far for touch, That the brightest words are heavy and burden them overmuch. So. .we learn its beautious wisdom. 'Its \- . peaceful currents flow j Too far forthe reach of evil, too high for. the •• touchof woe, Too dcep'for our: words to fathom, too soft for the grasp of sound, In a place which God hath guarded .with a sileuce most profound. Then welocme the mystic message., the peace beyond all compare, Toe sweet to be grasped or measured, found but by a voiceless prayer; The sign of a higher jpresence, a rapture which may not cease Till it reach the great Nirvana and blend into endless peace. A symbol of something coming, revealing some time to be. The ripples of glory iapping the shore of an endless sea : The secret of life eternal, too grand for the bonds of speech, Conveying a soundless messa e to the waiting souls on the beach. So the soul receives its message, by a ronte we may not trace, From the deeps where fathomless silence broods ever in endless space : Where the finite may not measure with its puny rule and rod -The truths which the-soul receiveth direct from the heart of God. J. EDGAE JONES 