Intercolonial Jntelligence. ? NEW SO DTH WALES. 1 We extract the following valuable remarks from the Primate's i address at the opening of the Diocesan Synod of Sydney : — 'As I I survey the work which lies before us here I am still strongly 8 impressed with our need of larger and more comprehensive concep S tions of Church life, of Church work, and of Church mission. Of ii 'Church life,' as something greater and deeper than/ the partial 1 formulas, by which men are apt to describe it, than the parties which I divide us and make out of these formulas their battle cries. Thus, on I one side we hear of Protestantism as the one thing needful, defining B the whole of -our -religions position, and describing the whole I character of our Church, faith, and life. Now, if by Protestantism I is meant adherence to the great principles and constitution of the I; Reformation, there is not (I suppose) one of us who does not |: resolutely :and thankfully iake his stand, on them— no more dreaming \- of going back from the position then won for the Church of England ; than of surrendering our civil liberty and cutting the sinews of ?- national progress. But does the word or the idea of Protestantism \\.: describe the whole of the principles of that reformation settlement, H in which as the Parliament itself — an assembly then of Church laity j] —declared there was to be no '^wavering from the Catholic- faith of ?Christendom?' What is Protestantism when we. set aside its first 'narrow historical meaning in Germany and; then its purely negative significance as a repudiation of the usurped authority of Rome 1 It is surely the right assertion of the principle of individualism in religion— the emphatic recognition of the personal and individual .priesthood of each, believer, carrying with it the right of religious liberty, the right under solemn responsibility of private judgment, the right to some share of the guidance and government of the Church itself— in which he has direct spiritual access to God through vital, personal union through the Lord Jesus Christ. Its true motto seems to be from St, Paul— ' The Head of every man is Christ, and the Head of Christ is God.' Its chief trophies are the assertion of the open Bible, open freely to the knowledge and the judgment of all men aB the sole ultimate standard of necessary Christian faith; the opening of the prayer-book for the public worship of God to the understanding, the soul ; the securing, as of right, to all baptised men the full privileges of Church membership in life and in death; the e_mphatic declaration (after the teaching of St. Paul)— as. especially in the crucial point of sacramental doctrine, round which the English Reformation: so largely turned— of faith, which is the personal adhesion of the individual soul to Christ, as everywhere the one thing absolutely needful for participation, whether through the means of grace or through the secret working of the Holy Ghost of. the indwelling of Christ on earth. These are great and priceless truths, old as Christianity itself, but re-asserted with undying force in what is commonly called Protestantism. In these I think lies its essence, and it is simply an error and an anachronism to confuse these by identifying Protestantism with this or that point of external form, this or that detail of public worship — as the Privy Council so wisely pointed out in respect to the Kuightsbridge Cross and the Exeter Reredos — which no doubt had significance once, but which, under the changes of thought and life through centuries, have ceased to have distinctness and value. So defined, which of us will not glory in the name of Protestant, and thank God from his heart for that which Protestantism has won 1 But does individualism cover the whole of the human life, even in its most sacred aspect of relation to God 1 ? No 1' I hear ..it answered on another side, 'it is Catholicism which describes the true character of the spiritual life ot humanity in Christ. Again the answer draws its motto from St. Paul : ' Christ is the head of the whole Church, which is His body.' Catholicism — the word speaks indeed of the universality of the Church of Christ, in respect of time, of space, of character, co-extensive in idea aud in practical growth towards that idea with the human race itself ; but its essential idea is the recognition of a true indwelling presence of Christ, according to His own promise, in the 'common life of the whole Church— unbroken through all the lapse and change of ages, through all corruption and heresies, through all the divisions— not (thank God) extending to'., the ultimate foundation— which distract us now. It is the revelation of God to and in humanity, not as individual, but as social. . No one can wonder that the thought of it presses itself emphatically upon us now, in an age when all problems — political, social, philosophical — are passing from individualism to what, in the largest sense, may. be called socialism, mainly because everywhere individualism has won the battle of personal freedom, and because the question now is how to use that freedom . for. the good of the whole nation or the whole race. It sees in the very existence of- the Church of Christ, unique as it is in. history, a living' witness for Christ Himself. In drawing out the true sense of the Word of God, it recognises in the history of the thought, the life, the teaching of the Church an interpretative power to which nonecan-absolutely submit the voice of his own soul, enlightened by the inner grace of God, but which it is unreasonable, almost mad, to disregard. In the public worship of God it delights to claim, as in our prayer-book, continuity with the worship of the Church of all ages past, almost from the apostolic times to our own, and to fiud in it not only a standard of true devotion, but a formative in fluence on life and faith. It emphasises the reality and life-giving force of the sacaments as means of grace, grasped, indeed, only by individual faith, yet requiring the ministration of the Church to the individual believer, arid thus Bacraments not only of life, but of unity. It asserts, accordingly, the sacredness of the call and mission of the ministry of the Church as an ordinance from the apostolic times and as derived ultimately from Christ Himself. It holds that, as there is individual freedom, so in the whole body there is an authority — sacred, although not absolute — to which, unless the thoughtful verdict of conscience peremptorily forbid, men should freely submit their freedom, and so work all in order and harmony to a common end. In theBe things — not, again, in this or that form, ritual, language, especially if these be the obsolete expression of days gone by — lies the essence of true Catholicism. Who will, again, doubt that in its witness there is great and needful truth? Yet who can recognise in it the whole truth if it neglects or despises the other truth of Christian individualism, and ii: ignorantly it denounces the Protestantism which embodies it as being inconsistent with its own truth — if it obscures, instead of illustrating, by tradition, the Word of God ; if, in its reverence for the old, it denies all right of reform and organisation to the Church of our own day ; if, in asserting the reality of sacramental grace, it forgets the need of spiritual reception by faith alone ; if, by the authority of the Church and the ministry, it overbears the ultimate sacred freedom and responsibility of every soul in its personal union with Christ ? But let the harmony of Protestantism and Catholicism be ever so perfect in asserting the supernatural headship of Christ ove** the soul and over the Church, is the las.t word of Christianity then spoken? No ! We are told again: ' Beyond these, there is the world of the whole humanity, for which Christ died, and to which, as He Himself told us, the Holy Spirit has a -witness.' Once again the teaching has its scriptural motto in the apostolic ^declaration of * Christ as the Head, gathering in Himself all humanity — nay, all the created being, which ' was made by Him and for Him.' All truth, it says, must be, however discovered, a revelation of God, and must, there fore, be harmonised with the Supreme Truth, revealed in the Lord Jesus Christ. All powers of nature and humanity must be the workings of the Almighty arm, and they equally must have their points of contact and harmony with the miraculous power of the Incarnation of God in His human nature, and the supernatural grace to all who receive Him, which is its inevitable consequence. The whole life of the world in all its aspects — domestic, national, universal — must be claimed for God in Christ, harmonised accord ingly in many undertones with the supreme note of the religious life of faith and devotion ' hid with Him in God.' All that in the soul is true and righteous and pure and loving — wherever and under whatever conditions it is found — must be the inspiration of God, and so must, again, have its subordinate harmony with the super natural inspiration of the Bible and of the Christian life. Every where, as we observe, the watchword of this teaching is ' harmony' — harmony in spite of the dulness of human imperfection and the discord of human sin — between the natural and supernatural — between God in nature, in history, in humanity, and God in the Lord Jesus Christ. Who, again, can fail to recognise in this teaching not only truth, but truth specially accordant with that craving for unity in truth, in law, in power, in God, which is so characteristic of the thought and aspiration of these days ? Yet who will not see the danger plainly visible in it of obscuring and explaining away the distinctness of the supernatural, or, at least, of failing to bring it out with that direct simplicity which is needed by simple, ignorant, sinful souls for their own salvation, and which is needed as a witness by a self- worshipping and, at least, half-godless world 1 Better, we think, the barest, even harshest, unison of the proclamation of the supernatural in Christ than the thronging multitude of lesser notes of a confused harmony in which the supreme note is obscured or lost. All these various aspects of Christian truth and Church life there must be, for they belong to human nature and God's dispensation to it. Ib is not likely that in ' any one man, or any one school, they will be recognised in perfect proportion. Each will be apt to emphasise, perhaps excessively, the one aspect which has been in each the revelation of Christ to the i soul. No one can look back over the revivals of the last century in | the Church of England, and, indeed, in all English Christianity, without seeing liovv each has been brought out successively with peculiar emphasis. All, thank God, are at one as to the Supreme Headship of Christ ; all, as to the need of sinful humanity and the reality of His salvation ; all, as to the duty of ' fighting under His banner against sin, the world, and the devil ;' all study the same English Bible ; all worship in the same English prayer-book. The true life of the Church of Christ is greater than any one of these ; it concludes all and has a place for all. For myself, within the necessary limits of law and order, I would always leave freedom to all ; I would strive to sympathise with all wherever the life of Christ is done. Will not it be our wisdom, while with all our might we set forth what we ourselves believe to be true and needful, to recog nise the largeness and variety of Christian life and thought, to abstain, as far as may be, from party strife, suspicion, denunciation; to thank God for the great things in which we agree ; to see that even the differences between us may be overruled to variety, and so to larger scope of power for God 1' 