MY SIN. —M.K.D., in New York World. When I was a young man I fell in lore; as young men generally do, with the girl who came handiest. This par ticular girl happened to be Belle Burton, and I devoted myself to her—rode with her, boated ni'h her (it was a country place where we met), walked with her. talked with her, begged her for the roses she wore in her hair, and tried (in vain), for I was no poet, to make sonnets not only to her “ eyebrows,” but to her hair, her cheeks, and her lily-white hands In (act, I went through the pretty dream of first love as most young people do, and it ended, as it generally does, in au unpleasant awakening. One day a stage am red at the hotel with a dozen dashing New Yorkers for passengers. The next, one of them ob tained an introduction to Belle Burton. There was no doubt whatever that he was handsomer than men usually are, or that his grace and accomplishments were equal to his personal charms. Handsome Arnold he was geuerally called and girls went in'o raptures over his larue, long-ltt-slied eyes and blonde tnniHache, aud men feared his broad thnulders, deep chest, and splendid pro portions. For my part I hated him ham the first, for no sooner had he ap peared upon die carpet than Belle seemed utter y to forget my very exist ttsce. I suppose she has ne,ver cared any- Ihing about me, but she hud flirted with Os while there was no better fun to be *d, and I was not old enough to knotv l the man she loves is the one no ®man ever flirts with. With Arnold \- s was rather graver than with most toen, but her eyes sparkled as he ap proached her. blie blushed when his tune was mentioned, and cared for tot ing in which he had not some \- Jre. In fact, j t was as p] a j u that she love with him as that he was de nted to her; and there was no doubt in tD ’ 'hat ; dl this would end in .i* .j' n B* It was a good thing, said “told people, f.. r poor Belle Burton, J'the‘had liouiing.’ For my part, it -tied to me that all the luck was Arnold 6, Il'ad thought myself very ill lr|l|g before, 1 >ut now I was wreicbedly £*■? 0t " Sorts deficiencies. I j 111 the glass many times a day. u P s nt half my time criticising my tiul 1 e,l ' Ul p !5 au( l longing vainly for the nis of handsome Arnold. I could til IP. tU f l '' llses ' i them, even should I ifor • i * r ' l ‘ds aud cosmetics of the yhl‘! columns of l l>e daily paper, y 0 u lu y aid the tailor who bast » oud the art of padding shoulders: ‘ u hav ing a Wry transformation t %l , or my benefit, I should have tiaiy T R f S , ee Arnold lose bis it, j * "T ,(i I’ VQ been forgiven for weld )- C:UI ’" r tf' vo myself, but I fsllnr. llV ? P r:, S' e< l that some ban might link; 1111 that he might break liis tpoil I,'; CaiC '’ lll(! mnallpox, or somehow I tta Cotn plexion or figure. tittle bnM a W '^ ked yr ’ U "B ' fiel)d h y Isth e vi i e ' wb ich, when it prospers, W humanising emotion of the (til “° Bt hkely to develop all the Cctcpo l 0 one’s nature when it Vrtnr and B hould have taken my of konrl!. and Ut “y sel f °ut of the way *iitly r I t . orture ' hut I did not do so id Etna ], lB S er cd about the’ place aud NM m ' to spite the happy r 011 lb ‘ ir lele-atetes, Client ? j° rce 60C ' e ty of some Unit tr loquacious matron or da g “ eere 8s eB< ’® B child UP'" 1 them, hfct °* con tent at Iriiii and last a * )RES tbe huttcr to he. lisi o ccurr ( .H ra “ d u CllanCB for ’tunoyiug Proud „f 1,- WaS a . good rider ! lixl, , his accomplishment, aiid. heaaterf ,* 1Ve ‘ nerv °us animal, which I had °A° Ile Cyidd ride but him- Ptffect m a „, eard him declare himself ts hr &iy;» n er the creature, .who had hmi serious; trouble {save once, when suddenly brought into the presence of an Artist, who was sketching under a white umbrella. ‘ That/said handsome Arnold, ‘ was something Prince could not understand, and it made him forget who held the bridle. 5 'As'he. came prancing up to the gate, or rode away with an air. I used to wish for an artist with a white umbrella. . I de sired to see that fellow unseated ‘and in gloriously turned into tbemud. Tbat would have made me happy, and once, when be had;offetided me more than ever by his gallant style of riding, I sauntered out into the fields—cursing him in my in most soul—when what should I spy in the middle of the grass, intent upon a bunch of clover, but a fat pre- Riphaelito artist in' a white suit, a flapping hat, and a white sketching umbrella that would have frightened the clergymans groy mare, who was nearly as old as himself, into being a runaway. I rushed towards this artist with enthusiasm.. I took off my hat to him. I said—‘Sir, I rejoice that one of your glorious pro fession has at last visited us. - You love the minute, I see. Have you noticed the spider-webs on the black berry bushes at the turn of the lane, the dew sparkling on the eilvery film, the delicious fruit growing beneath—have you seen that, sir?’ The pre Ilaphaelite artist scratched his head with his brush and said ; ‘ Well, no, I ain’t. 5 ‘ Will you cmne and see it, sir ?’ I said, ‘ Will you make it immortal on your canvas?' The pre- Rapbaelite artist replied:/ A eil, I wouldn’t mind. 5 I did not care what he said so that be came. My object was not art—it was the white umbrella. I desired to have biin seated where the eye's of hand some Arnold's restive Prince would fail upon him as he turned the corner of the garden walk, and to that very spot I be guiled my artist and there stationed him, and when he had settled, with Chinese precision, to his spider webs and black berries, I hid myself behind a tree to enjoy the comic scene I fully expected would follow. I heard handsome Arnold bid ndieti to the ladies. I heard the patter of his horse’s feet upon the road ; aud in a moment more I saw him come gaily on, a smile upon his handsome face, a rich color in his cheek—youth, health, strength, and happiness ex pressed in every curve and outline of.his statuesque form. The next instant Prince had seen the white artist and the white umbrella. And then—then, heaven for give me, not the amusing spectacle of handsome Arnold’s discomfiture that I had hoped to see. He kept his seat while Prince, rearing and plunging, dashed wildly away with him towards a precipitous path along the cliff side, and vanished like a mad thing with his rider still upon his back, going straight toward a certain awful precipice which overhung the rocky slnwe below. . I cannot go on. They [licked him up just alive, no more, and at the foot of the precpice; and they carried him. a mere mass of broken bones and bleed ing flesh, back to the great hotel. Late at night t crept softly upstairs on my way to bed, aud, passing Belle Burton’s door, heard those low, heavy sobs that tell of a breaking heart issu ing thence. ‘ He cannot live, 5 the messenger had said, and I was per haps, doubly a murderer. I thought seriously of adding to my crime by com mitting suicide that awful night. But poor Arnold did live. He had a wonder ful constitution, unbroken, as all the men that knew him knew, by dissipation of any kind, and it is hard to kill such a man. He lived, and strength returned to him at last; but no one would call him handsome Arnold any more. He had fallen on his face on the horrible jagged rocks, and during his illness ali his bonny brown hair had turned grey. No one would know him, they told me; and so powerfully had his beauty and his sweetness affected even men of coarse natures, that they uttered these words for the most part with tears in their eves. As for mys-lf, I would far rather have seen a ghost. Yet the sight was forced on me. One day I received a note from him. asking me to cmne to the hotel, and it was signed—Henry Arnold. I had no choice. I could not refuse. I went to him. As I saw him, seated in a great arm-chair in the room, to which the waiter showed me—as he rose aud ad vanced toward me, and I saw that he limped heavily—l. wonder that I did not die. I felt the blood leaving my face, and I saw the hot flush rise to his as he noticed the shock he gave me. But he only said, ‘ Sit down. It is kind of you to come. 5 I staggered to a chair, and I saw nothing for a while; yet through it all I wondered what he thought of my strange conduct, aud hated myself for my weakness. At last he spoke; ‘I see how I—how my appearauce affects you, 5 he Baid, very sadly ‘ It is a horrible thing that I am trying to get used to. I wish I had broken my neck. Of course any man would under the circumstances. But 1 did not a-k you to come that I might say that to you. 1 want you to take a note for me to a lady at your aunt’s house if you will be so kind. I choose you because you are, as it were, one of the family, and you will be very careful and—and lcind, I know. It is Miss Belle Burton. I hoped to marry her one day. Of course all tbat is over now. No woman would—no woman could — .overlook my hideous appearance. His voice broke a little, but he went on bravely— ‘ So I have written to her. I do not want her to see me, and I shall go abroad in a week or so, and—you’ll tell her you—you’ve seen me, you know. I have loved her very much. I always shall; aud this is terribly hard.’. He broke down entirely there, and took a letter from his bosotn and put it into my hand. ‘ Give it to her/ he said, and turned, away. .1 took it from his hand and left him. . j I- went straight to Belle Burton. I found her iu the garden, and I told her from whom I came and gave her the missive. , She read it through gravely and without tears. Then she -looked at me with'eyes that liad such a solemn, iinly look in them, as one wnuldhopc to see in an. angel’s. ‘ Edward. 5 she, said, ‘ he says he is frightfully altered; is, it 'oh?’ ‘ Yes/ I answered ‘ Do you know what lie has written?’ she said softly. ‘I guess what it is/ ‘‘ My‘poor boy! said she. ‘ As if anything would change me but a change in his heart. Will you take me to him, Edward ? I. must go at once/ |. Command jme/ I said. ■" Sjie>caught up the wide straw half on the bench beside her and drew on her gloves .and took my arm. I never loved her so well as I did then, but for once, it was with a perfectly unselfish love. I knew what she was about -to'dp; and I blessed her for it-. And so I .took her to him; iny hand opened ' the door :of his room for her; my eyes saw—yes, and gladly—that however that changed face might affect others, it only made her love for him more tender. I saw her rush into his arms and hide her head on bis shoulders; aiid then I went softly away and hid myself where no one could see rue, and cried like a baby. Ah. Well, that is a good while aeo, and they have been very happy. The big fellow is almost as. graceful as ever, and as for his face—l do not think it would matter very much to me what my face was if anyone loved it as well as Belle does his. I - go to See them sometimes, and my mad fancy, of kneeling down and confessing my share in the horrble affair of the past is quite abandoned. Besides Belle’s daughter is 16 now. and if an old fellow of 36—‘ah, well, who knows what may happen in the future. Only that would be another story quite. If it is written, it is written. 