CHAPTER XXXVL THE ACCUSED AND THE ACCUSES. " Can we do nothing for him!" said Oioely to Philip, before he took leave of her that evening on their return from London, " I don't know what we can do." Baid Philip. "I muBt aBk Giles whether he wiehes the child to stay with Hannah or to go with his aunt to Twickenham. That old woman will be the death of him." " Yon are too bard on Hannah," Cicely anBwered with a smile, which was pathetic in its very briahtness. " She is very faithful to her master." " What makes it more difficult to manage," said Philip, "is the fact that Will is a thoroughly spoiled child. Kinglake has, naturally enough, petted him all his life, and the boy is heartbroken now that he is separated from his father." "1 don't see why you call poor Will a spoiled child," exclaimed Cicely, in rather a hurt tone. " A sweet, loveable iittle fellow." " I can only say," said Philip with a laugh, "that 1 should not like a boy of my own to be quite as intimately acquainted with my affairs as Master Will appears to be with those of his father. But 1 agree with you ; he iB a nice little chap, but he wants somebody beside poor old Giles and Hannah to look after him." Philip took pains about the matter. He went to see Kiuglake, and represented to him that Will was suffering from the circum stances in which he was placed. And when he had said his say he was sorry, for his friend looked perplexed and pained. " Of course, the poor little lad will suffer," he said, pushing the hair back from his fore head with a wearied gesture. " I hardly see how I am to mend matters." "You mean that 1 ought not to inter fere ?" " You have every right to interfere, Phil," said Giles, smiling in rather a melancholy way. " What do you want me to do ?" " Can't you send him to Miss Freebody ? She tells me that she is obliged to go back to Twickenham before Sunday, and, if so, he will be left alone again with Hannah." " No, he must not go back. That would be worse for old Hannah's companionship. Miss Fretbody has an elder sister who is imbecile, and frightens poor Will nearly out of bis senEcs. I only send them there when Lydia is away." " Would you"—Philip made his suggestion diffidently—" would you object to his comiug down to Lodywell, to Eleanor and myBelf— or to Cicely ? We should all do our best for him." " I know you would," said Kinglake, turning away and drumming on the table somewhat moodily with his right hand, " but I don't think that it would do, Phil, thanks. I doubt whether you could get the boy down to Ladywell now." " I suppose he would go if you sent him— if you told him he muBt go." I Buppcse he would." Kinglake smiled at the expression. " It's a line of conduct £ have very seldom adopted with Will, how ever, ami I don't feel inclined to begin it now. Will has had his own way so long that I can't thwart him when—when perhaps I have only a month or two of this world left to me." " Nonsense," said Philip. " Keep np your heart, man." " I keep up my heart as much as 1 can, but it's no use to protest tbat facts are not appa rently against me. I begin to see no way out of it," said Giles, rising and pacing np and down the narrow space afforded him like a wild animal in a cage. "They mean to hang somebody for Le Breton's murder, and unless they prove that it was Joel Bray or somebody else they will hang me." " Have yon thought of anybody else," said Philip, struck by a certain inflection in King lake's voice. •* " Who is it ?'' "I suppose you won't be offended if I tell you?" " Is it likely ?" " Well," said Giles, facing bis friend and looking at him steadily, " tnere is one man to whom I fancy it would be convenieut if Le Breton were well out of the way." " You mean Vargrave ?" Kinglake nodded. " I have thought of that myself," said Philip, meditatively. " I may be uncharitable," continued Giles, pulling bis brown beard as he spoke, and still lookicg at bis friend, " but it seemed to me at tne examination that there was some animuB in hiB way of stating the facts againBt me. There was a great show of fairnrss and moderation, no doubt; but you know, Phil, Lib account of the hurt that Le Breton got from me in the first instance, when I struck hi at with my cane, was immensely exagge rated. Le Breton's face cut open from chin to temple! 'Why, one would think that I w&b; a brute? It is apparently just what they do think, by-the- by." " Vorgravc was in the wood by his own confession," said Philip. '' There was no one else." "Yes, there was some one else. I saw another pci Bon when I had left Le Breton, But I think that it was a woman." "You did not mention that at the time?" " It did not recur to my memory till after wards. Vargrave, a woman, and 1 in the wood toeetlier—which of us committed the I murder ? One of us, or a fourth person un known ?" "I can believe anything against Clifford Vargrave," said Philip, with some heat of manner. " He is both false and crnel, but I -doubt whether he had either strength or courage sufficient to attack a strongly made man like Le Breton with no other weapon than your stick. Besides, you have heard what Finch says ? He does not believe the murder was committed with that stick at all. He says we shall see what the experts say about it. He thinks the blows were given with a much larger and blunter weapon. "Possibly." Kinglake threw himself into -a chair ana sighed. "It's sickening work, •Phil," he said, almost with a groan. "I know," said Philip sympathetically, and he put his hand on Kinglake's shoulder. " But it would not be so bad to bear," said -Giles, still looking down, with a heavy frown upon his brows, "if it were not for that boy of mine at home. It's hard to think of a •delicate little fellow like him being left to face the world alone, with no legacy bat a father's shame." "No shame, Giles." "Shame in the world's eyes, is it not? Will the world not brand him as the son of a murderer? And—good God! is it not possible that he may grow up—to—believe me— guilty ? And yet—God knows my innocence!" lie leant his elbows on the table and hid his face in his hand. His strong frame Bhook from head to foot, as a willow is shaken by a gust of wind. *' He shall never believe it as long as I am living," said Philip, almost with anger. " But there is no need to chink of that. We •shall bring you through." "Look me in the face, Phil," said Giles, lifting his head from his hands: " and tell me honestly whether yon think that I have a ghost of a chance." "Good heaveus, yes; of course I do." " I do not," said Giles, turniog away his head. Philip kept a reluctant silence. He wished to say souiethug consolatory, hut couil think of nothing to say tiiat won!a be strictly true. And Gilts was in no mood for pretences. "It it dots come about as I foresee," he 'began at last, " jou wont leave Will to the Freebodjs, will yon. Lorraine ? It would be the ruin of him, hotly and soul." " He should be as a nhild of my own," said Philip, in a loft vt inc. "I thought 1 might rely on you. Thank you, Phil, ami your cousin—perhaps your • cousin" He had nut k*own thit his voice was likely to break at tins mention ot Cicely Lorraine ; but certain memories of her gracious kindli ness, her frank, maidenl)' grace, her gay, innocent es«.s, coi'iured up by the utterance of her name, ovt-ibore his Eelf-cummand. He tried to cuueeal tiie sudden tremor in his -voice : he cleared his throat once or twice, took a turn across the room and back again, but only succeeded in making it somewhat more marked, especially aR he began his next sentence in a peculiarly cheerful voice, with an entire change of subject, " I boar that my book is running through a new edition," he said. " People are reading it bard and fast, so that they may see whether it hears traces of the monstrous -depravity attributed to me. There will be quite a nice little sum waiting for Wiil at my publishers. You'll have to manage all that, you know." Philip followed his lead, and no more was said about Cicely. But he pondered rather seriously over Kinglake'a unwonted Bhow of emotion. " Do vou want Will to come and see you ?" he asked towards the close of the interview. Giles Bhook bis head, " No." *' You don't?" Would you like a son of yours to see you in Newgate? No; not until we are obliged. Then I'll see him—once." "Give me some message for him then," said Philip, " for I must be going." " 1 have no especial message except the old one. My love to him—that's all. And do anything for his good and comfort that you think beet, Lorraine, but don't send him to Twickenham." Philip was considerably puzzled to know what to do, particularly when a scrawl from Hannah informed him that Master Will had fallen ill. Mibs Freebody had gone home, and she, Hannah, did not know what to do, for the hoy was suffering from a low, nervous fever, wandered in mind at times, and could not bear to be left alone. Philip took his perplexities as usual to the Priory. Lady Eleanor vouchsafed him neither iuterest nor attention. " I must go to him," said Cicely, standing \- up and suddenly turning very white. I '"My dear Cicely,you must do nothing of the kind," Phil answered with unusual de cision. She looked at him piteously. " What harm could it do me ?" she said. " There's nothing -infectious in his illness. It would only be . kindness. Nobody would know." " Pauline," said Philip, " tell her that she must not go. You can make her under stand." " Pauline will be on my side," said Cicely, •kneeling down by Mrs. Le Breton, and rest ing her head against Mrs. Le Breton's shoulder. " She will not oppose me." " Yes, 1 shall, Cicely. You cannot go." "But Rome one must go. We cau't leave riittle Will to lie there alone with nobodv to nnrse him but Hannuh ! Hannah! How can she nurse him, indeed? Aud no one has any rieht to stop me. li I choose to go, I will go!"' " No, Cicely, you will not bs unreasonable, You could not go to nurse this poor little boy without making people talk about you. And you know I have lived long enough in the world to be aware that you must not make people talk about you." "It is a paltry reason." said Cicely. " No, it is a very good one. You must stay here and do your own duties. Now, I have no duties." She stopped and looked from Philip to Cicely with a sad smile. " I shall make a better nnrse than Cicely," she said, " But—it ie impossible." " No; the boy does not know me. I will go as a nurse merely. You shall recommend me, Philip, and I will take good care of him until he is better, or until his father comes home again." Philip and Cicely glanced at each other. There was the same anxiety in the mind of each. " Dear Pauline," said Cicely, stroking the \- elder woman's thin hand and putting the diB turbing thought into words, " we don't want yon to go away from os," " I suppose you would think it ungrateful of me if 1 said that I wanted to go." " Not ungrateful—unkind to us, perhaps." "Well, dear, let me be nnkind then. I should like to go away—for a time at least. It is painful to me to stay at Ladywell, where I always fancy that carious eyes are watching to see how I hear my husband's death. It is a foolish fancy, is it not? By and-by I shall not feel it; but just now I should like to go where nobody knows me, and work a little for mvself, and try to forget that I am that wretched thing—a woman with a history." They could not oppose her wishes when urged so earnestly. Philip agreed to help her in the work that she had undertaken; she should go up to London with him next day and spend a few days at leaBt with Will. If she nursed him back to health and strength Philip knew that she would feel as if she had done something for the comfort of Giles King lake, to whom her husband's death had brought such trouble. So for a time she vanished from Ladywell, and three persons only—Cicely, Eleanor, and Philip—knew whither she had gone. It seemed likely that the trial would be postponed for fnrther evidence. The police thought that they had fonnd a cine to Joel Bray's whereabouts, and his disappearance was considered sufficiently significant to afford a reason for the postponement. Clif ford Vargrave, lounging alone in his mother's house one nignt read this item of news in an evening paper, and threw it away from him in disgust. "To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-mor row," hs said to himself. " Will these delays never come to an end ?" His rooms were luxuriously appointed. Snow was lying on the ground without, a keen wind whistled through the London streets, bnt not a breath of cold could pene trate through the heavy curtains, the closed shutters, tne great stamped- leather screens by which Clifford ensured warmth and snug ness for himself in his own abode. And yet some memory, some chill doubt or fear, existed, sufficient at times to send a shiver hrougli his whole frame-os though he were suffering from the cold. He was leaning back in a large velvet-covered easy chair, with his arms crossed behind his head. The lamplight falling on it from the sconce in the wall showed how worn were his features, how hollow the fine contours of his brow and cheek. There was an anxious look in his eyes; wben seen in repose it was evident that a new expression was gaining ground in them—an expression of entt and subtlety which made tbeir quick glance positively un pleasant to persons of even moderate seusi biluy. There was something watchful about tbem—something which betokened the un easy mind of a man who is never off his guard. " Ves, these delays will be the ruin of me," he vas thinking, "uulees I take means to turn them to my owu advantage, If it were not for those cursed debts, and those bills that I muss take up, I could afford to wait. But I have been playing a risky game; 1 had better make what i can and get out of it I'll let Deverif have his diamond after all— half-protits aud 'expenses,' according to agreement, I think. After the trial I'll go quietly off to the Mediterranean for the rest of the winter, or further aiield even—to America or Japan. Japan would be a plea santly interesting and not too exciting place of residence for a man with a jaded brain, and nerves which are decidedly out of order. Yes, it's plaiu that this business has played the very devil with my nerves. The scene in the wood—pah! it doesn't do to think about it! The sounds were worse than the sights. And then this uncer tainty about the trial! By Jove, when I think of the way in which those lawyers will turn old Deveril and Carnforth, not to speak of Pauline Le Breton and Lorraine, inBide out; when I think of Deveril's blundering and Carnforth's rash folly, backed up by the malice of the other two, it is as much as I can do to prevent myself making a bolt while I have time. And that is not what I should have said a year ago. But I am not afraid of what the lawyers will get out of me. I think I shall be a match for them; and when that is over it will be long before London sees me again. If I never set foot in England again I shall be the better pleased. I loathe the sight of an English landscape now." And then for a moment his thoughts travelled back to the picturesque little wood in which he had lain, face downwards on the bracken, trying to shut out the sights and sounds which had haunted (his memory ever since. He came to himself with a shudder and a questioning glance around him, and then changed his position. He stooped for ward, and threw a log of wood upon the fire, then held his bands out to warm them before the leaping blaze. " What a fool I am ever to think of it!" he aid, looking down at the sleuder white fingers, which trembled a little as he ex tended them. "One would think that 1 had killed him myself. What could I have done to save him? With the best will in the world I should have been absolutely useless. And it is no use denying that his death was a great stroke of luck for me." Then he mused and smiled. "They don't give fires in Newgate," he murmured, softly; "Kinglake will feel the cold on anight like this. No, I am not sorry lor that part of the business. I wonder if Cicely has repeated of her preference by this time. She can't marry him now, at any rate. 1 wonder if I should have a chance if I tried again. I suppose Lorraine would spoil my game—Lorraine and Mrs. Le Breton between them. If I could do Lorraine a mischief I would most certainly embrace the opportunity." He smiled again, took up the poker, and began tc rake the embers with it, and to re adjust the fuel iu the grate. His eyes were still fixed upon the blazing wood, as he said to himself with an accent of some amusement— ' I suppose that I have the opportunity." Then he gave one final stroke to tue log, and sent a stream of red sparks up the chimney before he laid the poker in its place. " I don't see why I shouldn't take it," he said, as if replying to the arguments of emne unseen opponent. " It would do her uo barm, and it would annoy him considerably. Philip Lor raine's annoyance wonld afford me a good deal of unmixed enjoyment. In a world where unmixed enjoyments are very few, such an ODportunity is not lightly to be passed by." A certain look of excitement had come into bis face. His eyeB kindled—a slight flush rose to hiB oheek. He began to walk up and down the room, meditating as he walked. " It wonld be better than even Cicely and the Priory," he thought, "where I should always have been tied down bjr conventional ties and proprieties. That girl wonld have driven me mad by her rustic airs and graces and attempts to lord it over me. iBhould have had to teach her her place, and there wonld have been disturbances. I made a mistake in not taking poor Nell when she was free. She worshipped me; and we might have been happy enough together. I 8m pretty well tired of English life. This diamond business will bring me in sufficient for travelling and living abroad in a modest way; and I can go in for domesticity after a fashion—with the right worn in. There would be nothing to keen me in England— if she went with me. And the sooner we are cut adrilt bom the old ties the better for us both." " To-morrow I'll go dowD to Ladywell and get the diamond. The boldest and simplest plans are the best in the long run. Who would have thought that Deveril's diamond has all this time been in the hands of Lady Eleanor Lorraine? Phil would certainly be the last person to suspect it! But 1 shall have to be careful how 1 get it back, since Master Phil has had the impudence to forbid me his house, Not a bad idea to have itsent by poBt as a registered letter. But the risk would perhapB be toogreat." The dressmg-bell aroused him from his reverie. He dressed and went downstairs, wondering as he did so whether it would be possible to obtain any further sums of money from his mother for the settlement of his affairs. He made himself exceedingly pleasant and amiable during the meal; he did not contradict his mother, sneer at his sisters, nor find fault with the cookery ; and Lady Vargrave thought Bhe had never seen her son more charmingly affectionate. His elder sister regarded Kim with a suspicious eye. " Clifford wants something," she said to herself. And therefore she did not respond very readily to his advances. It was not until the servants had gone that she chose to make a communication which she thought would interest him, " I have had a letter from. Eleanor," she announced, in a stolid voice. "From Eleanor?" said Clifford, lifting his delicately arched eyebrows. Then he gave his siBter a swift glance. " What iB. she writing to you about ?" he asked. " She wants me to find her a house," said Charlotte, perfectly unmoved by the con temptuous emphasis whioh he put upon the pronoun. " A small bouse near London." "Not for herself, of course," put in Lady Vargrave, in a warning voice. "For friend." "She does not say," returned Charlotte, disagreeably. " I thought she was rather mysterious about it. And it was so odd that she should ask me to do anything for her when she behaved so badly to us, and has not asked us down to Ladywell once since her marriage, too!" "I believe she wants it for herself," said Gussie. "She has quarrelled with Philip Lorraine and means to leave him." " Don't be foolish, Gussie," said Lady Var grave, sharply. " Mrs. Penefather wrote to me the other day that the Lorraines were pcrfeetly devoted to one another." Clifford could not resist a sneer. " The devotion must be of recent growth," he said. But they could extract nothing more. His efforts to get money from his mother were utterly unavailing. Sim had none to spare, and, in fact, none which she could legally touch for his benefit. " The question is settled," said Clifford to himself, as he went upstairs, that night with rather a dark look upon his brow. " I am to lie &u; honest man after all, and give Deveril hack bis own—or half of it. So Nell is thinking of the house that she will take, is she? I will go to the Grange to-morrow in spite of Phil Lorraine." 