I A BATCH OF BOOKS. We have received the following batch of books from Messrs. Griffiths and Farran, West Corner, St Paul's Churchyard, London. In the Four _ Lore of Shakespeare, the Rev. J. F. Dyer has expended the care and shown the insight worthy of the subject The value which must be attached to the plays of Shakespeare in connection with the social life of the Elizabethan age is thoroughly appreciated, but, apart from his copious references to the manners and customs of the time, he seems to have had not only a wide knowledge of many technical subjects, but also an intimate acquaintance with the folk lore of bygone ages. Consequently, Mr. Dyer in his studios deals not only with fairies, witches, ghosts, but includes many other subjects, the chief of them being " Demonology and Devil' Lore," the birds, animals, plants, insects and reptiles, and fishes of the poet's plays. In the poet's day, as will be remembered, fairies were much in fashion, and, as Johnson remarks, common tradition had made them familiar ; therefore Shakespeare founded his " Elfin World " on the prettiest of the people's legends, and clothed them in the ever living flowers of his own exuberant fancy. The commentator treats most tenderly with Oberon, Titania, Puck, Queen Mab, Ariel, and he does not fail to be most interesting in dealing with the witches and ghosts of the tragedies. . Very full of information is his description of the sports and pastimes, dances, punishments, and sundry superstitions peculiar to the age. In addition to this, as Shakespeare, acting upon the great principle of presenting his audience with matters familiar to them, has given numerous illustrations of the manners and superstitious of his own country as they existed in his day, we find super added in Mr. Dyer's charming volume much interesting yet extraneous matter. There are quaint accounts of folk medicine, customs connected with the calendar, marriage, death, and burial, rings and precious stones. Those customs have lost much of their meaning in the lapse of years, yet in many cases they are survivals of primitive culture, and embody the conceptions of the ancestors of the human race. They are even now most interesting, and Mr. Dyer has collected " and arranged them with great skill in his fascinating volume, the pages of which will appeal to the student of Shakespeare and lover of fancy and folk lore alike. Munroe Royce, the author of Tree Englishmen has a talent for lively fluent writing and a power for tracing character never very profound, but, on the other hand, sufficiently consistent and at all times entertaining. Mr. Royce is clever enough to allow his characters to speak for themselves, and the dialogue is very witty. He is an American, the hero Leonard Rossmore, an Englishman, and a rather priggish young gentleman to boot, but a good, honest, right minded prig, who after various vicissitudes in the race for wealth on Texas ranches and New England cities, recovers his lost position as an English land- owner. The pictures of American society are well drawn, highly coloured, but never exaggerated. There is a great deal in this closely-printed volume of lively, humourous description of the ways of living on South American cattle runs and Colorado sheep farms. The novel is on the whole very pleasant reading, and considerably above the average of commonplace fiction with which the circulating libraries are flooded. The liveliness and humour with which Mr. Tom Greer starts in his novel A Modem Dodalus carries the reader pleasantly through the volume, and yet his book is that most difficult work of fiction to make readable-a novel with a purpose. As may be gathered from the title, the hero, John O'Halloran, is like the Athenian who gives his name to the book, an inventive genius, who from early youth has been possessed with an intense longing to rival the flight of birds by means of mechanical ingenuity. More fortunate than the father of " Icarus," by means of his mechanical wings he flies from Belfast to London, a distance of about 400 miles, between 10 a.m. and 2.30 p.m. of the same day. London is naturally astonished ; he receives £100 from the editor of the Echo for a full and particular account of his aerial voyage, and becomes the subject of a debate in the House of Commons. The Home Government offer him a £100,000 for his invention, and, on his refusing it, imprison him in the Tower; from which he escapes and leads a successful Irish rebellion. The chief cause of the victory of this rising is that Mr. O'Halloran equips a real flying brigade, who sink the English men of war by means of bombshells and torpedoes, and create a panic in the land forces by similar proceedings. Mr. Greer says in his preface: " The incidents of this story are purely imaginary, but the ideas and forces with which it deals are real, and may at any moment be brought into active play by the inevitable development of the resources of civilization." He further asserts that such development is not only certain to take place, but that it is in rapid progress at this moment. But be that as it may, he has written a bright, clever romance, which will make his readers fancy they are in the Arabian Nights, or that Munchausen has come to life again. The Diary of an Actress is an interesting, but badly written, piece of workmanship, dedicated to Mrs. Kendall, and supplemented with a preface by the Reverend H. C. Shuttleworth, rector of Lambeth, and a familiar figure in fashionable and artistic society from his connection with the " Church and Stage Guild." The diary, though disfigured by a slipshod style and tendency to misquote French in reason and out of season is a plain record of real life. To the men and women of the stage, and to those who know the stage, it will be an old story, not without sad memories ; but it may open the eyes of outsiders who still fancy the theatrical profession an easy one from the fact that few callings demand more patient study and more steadfast labour. Further, this book may teach a wholesome lesson to stage-struck young men and women dazzled with the bias of the footlights, for it is a truthful story of the seamy side of the theatrical profession. Mrs. C. Despard, in her sensational story, A Voice from the Dim Millions, tells the true history of a working woman with power and pathos, extenuating nothing, setting down naught in malice. There is something in the fate of " Molly " which appeals to the reader's sympathy with the painful sense of injustice so common in the everyday tragedies of the world, under the surface of which we cannot read. This does not strike us as a romance to please people's ears, or a pathetic tale to make them sleep. All men and women are flesh and blood, their temptations and follies natural, while the very fact of their singing makes them the more human, and, as told in these pages, it seems more like a plain history of things that really happened. And if Mrs. Despard's facts are accurate, Hood's " Song of the Shirt " is still crossed by weary hearts, and poor people wear the same room with a difference. It is not quite a pleasant tale for sin, suffering, sorrow and starva- tion are grim subjects; yet it is interesting, full of shrewd social studies, written in strong, nervous English, pervaded with a sense of realism and truth that is always distinguished by refinement of manner which never descends into coarseness, no matter how horrible the episodes may be. The authoress evidently found her style for this story on the sketches of that most humane of men, Mr. G. R. Sims and to say she approaches him in unconscious pathos is to bestow on her not only great praise, but is certain to secure her the readers her talent deserves. Unexplored Baluchistan, by Ernest Ayscoyhe Floyer. This important contribution to our knowledge of the Central Asia question is the work of one of the Government Indo-European staff on the Persian Gulf. Roughly stated, we may describe this hitherto unknown country as the region situated between the longitudinal lines of 57 and 67, bounded on the south by the sea, and on the north by a line sufficiently above latitude 28 to take in Kuh-i-Basnian and Kuh-i-Nushadir. The route taken by Mr. Flower was through Mekran, Bashkurd, Persia, Sislan, Kurdestun, and Turkey. and in his descriptions the explorer succeeds in giving life and reality to extensive tracts which, if little known, are full or interest and to those who have studied the politics and geographical position of the countries between Persia and Northern India-countries, a knowledge of which is of the highest importance to Englishmen at the present day the subject of " Unexplored Baluchistan " can scarcely fail to be attractive. The volume is plentifully supplied with maps, appendices, and excellent illustrations that will materially enhance its value. Of the nature of the task Mr. Floyer accomplished single handed, without any official authority or any State-aid, we must leave the leader to discover for himself. An interesting volume entitled The Wanderings of the Beetle is not a treatise on the natures and habits of the domestic insect, but a narrative of a summer cruise in an inrigged pair-oar on foreign riveMi crew consisted of an artist and academician, in entW astic musical medical student, a water-colour painter is too old school, and a Pra> Raphaolito JEsta The voyage, which must not be confounded with the ordinary mass of holiday was commenced at Antwerp. After touching at Lim ft! party pulled up the Meuse, stayed at Schayn, Name and Yvoir, on passant, and so on to Winant, threw the Belgium frontier into France. The first Free town they touched was Douani, and pulling sic they passed through Virouso, and reached the w part of the house, which is in the heart of ft, Ardennes Labour. The party spoilt many pleasant days at Monthemo Moliere's, so dreadfully knocked about in the war of 70, Charleville, Soissons, One. waggon they went to.Compoigne,.and touched at Poa'. horse, Merlin, Mantes, the quaint old city of Yenton then up the Seine to Rouen, where the trip city Their adventures are most amusing, the places describe are not known of Bcodocker, and the cuts are excellent Snakes, Curiosities, and Wonders of Serpent Lu Miss Caroline Hopley. This little history will certain secure many interested readers, for it is a son j opticians, or serpent gossip. The writer is, full of his subject, and renders it the most entertaining from palpable partisanship. Miss Iloploy is a true leven: the creatures that are intimately associated with our «! ligious beliefs, and she seems grieved because there is still reason to lament that traditional prejudice it vests everything in the shape of a serpent with reputed, qualities," which she successfully sweeps away many of! these ra¡ejudicos,vvith the besom of a strikingly interesting and curiously entertaining volume. Mr. P. L. Simmonds, in his Commercial Products of the Sea has produced a worthy companion to his volumes on Coi/inierctal Products of the necessity Ifiiigilom, and on Animal Productions, their v. partitions and Uses. And it must be regarded as a real addition to our treasury of technical Knowlton because, although from time to time works have been published on special fisheries, no one has treated the subject as a whole, or gone over the field of research the systematic manner Mr. Simmonds has done endeavoured to show the importance of the commonest products of the sea to all the various countries. The chapters on mother-of-pearl and its uses, containing a they do a full and detailed account of the poor! residents in the Aru Islands on the coast, of New Caledonia. and on the groups of islands between Cayu living and Uasulan (which includes the Taivi-Tiuvi uni ki IBIIU,.II-, one vast continuous bed of pearl oyster-bed when much interesting information to colonial lists In addition to this the author has with a spirit di indefatigable industry brought down the official btmuuu in the various chapters to the latest dates, and to this reason alone, apart from its other valuable and ties, the work will a found a useful and readily handbook for all those interested in marine proli tions. As the Look professes to deal only with t products of the sea, the author has necessarily had exclude much interesting matter relating to the TO and luke fisheries of various countries ; but the van importance of our marine harvests practically shown the Great Exhibition of 1883 £3 permanently records in the pages of that volume, which does for the library what the Exhibition did for the eye, vii., present complete survey of the products of the FCT. Science in the Nursery, by T. W. Searle, is excellent manual of children's toys what it is possible for them to teach, as well as how to produce tin with the smallest response and from the most ordinary materials. The road to an?, elementary knowledge I common things, which is usually a little harsh at ft outset to the unpractised tread, has, under the author loving and skilful manipulation in this little volume become a path of pleasantness. Originally written as lecture for a rural audience, Mr. Earle in re-writing has made his language as simple and direct as possible The instructions are most concise, the similes an; examples such as can be readily grasped by children and Science in the Nursery, which he dedicates to 1' you, will be a welcome addition to every boy's library, Mr. H. L. Myers' Complete Guide to the Game of Chess will be warmly welcomed by the admirers of this most entrancing pursuit, for the book contain many particulars hitherto unpublished, and comprises survey of the whole art of playing from its appeal to the solution and construction of problems. Here we did without Lodgings at the Seaside erna: evidently from a feminine writer. It is an amus, little sketch, showing the clothes operandi whereby family in their annual holiday saved their money in doubled their pleasure. However, we may suggest in its perusal will afford no information to people who ALL not prepared to cook, clean, wait upon themselves, and! do away for the time being with the modern lions keeper's bite near domestic servants. Miss Hartshorne Designs or Church Embroidery au Crewel Work are most carefully collected and auaujeJ, the plates engraved very artistically, and the directors simply and concisely stated. Artisan Cookery is an earnest attempt by a pupil of the National School of Cookery, South Kensington, to point out that a poor man's table may be as diversified as his letter neighbours, if only a certain amount of economy and care is exercised, at even less expense than his present coals tasteless meals at present cost him. In support of her statements she gives many recipes which will be found extremely useful. You Should at, What is a Lady! and A Worth the Wise are three smartly written manual's collently printed on good paper, with clear 9? The first, as suggested by its title, contains £1 hints to men, including woman, as to the pitfalls -in politeness it is well to avoid fib? into either in the character of host, husband, guess wife, not only in society, but en famille. The lemon- is a brother of the same description which will' fail to provide amusement, and perhaps prove, to all readers. The remarks on good manners, rejTT ing which an authoress of our own day was "They should be the veil through which the ama seen, not the covering by which it is hidden T' of true good taste and worldly wisdom, was an author of the little book strikes a true note in What is a Lady ? when she remarks, " It would be happy day for England when the answer to the question could be, all the women of England are ladies." And the third is a capital guide. book about grammatical, quagmires, especially adapted a foreigners, not quite conversant with the English language. It does not pretend to teach goes to persons who are totally ignorant of it, but was!' intended to correct the inaccuracies and revive faded recollections of those who have made but a loss study of it either from lack of opportunity or, of application. The last volume on our list is the Australian Birthday Book It is the first attempt that has w made to gather a garland of colonial verse, and a Myra Marhron has compiled one that will not (k amuse the collector of natal reminiscences, but was at the same time, may not be without attraction for lo of poetry and song. The extracts have been taken w over 30 colonial poets, among them, of course, and found Allan Lindsay Gordon, Henry Kendall. J Brunton Stephens, and it. H. Horne ; while care a been exercised, not only in the selection of passage fleeting the greatest credit upon the writers, bat tin typists themselves shall be representative of the daily colonies. 