TURP GOSSIP. Br Acccn. With tbe close of the V.R.C. Spring Meet ing came tbe weights for the great events to be decided at Flemington on New Year's Day. Punters are thus afforded an opportunity of indulging in their favonrite pastime of back ing doubles, and, as Mr. Barnard has issued flattering handicaps, the layers Bhould have but little difficulty in doing plenty of business in this particular description of betting. Boolka'a performance with Isonomy and I William Teli's forward positions in short races fairly entitled them to the weights allotted to them, though, in my opinion, William Tell is the better animal over the dis tance, and should he be' himself on the first day of the new year Mr. S. Miller may have the pleasure of seeing his colours triumphant Middlemarch is another horse whose forte is speed rather than stamina, and at 9st he reads as well almost as anything. Sheet Anchor once showed a bold front in a New market Handicap, but he hasn't got any faster with ego. Dunlop and Coronet are both handicapped well enough if they are fit on the day, and the Tasmanians Silvermine and Mozart are in it at Sst 101b. each ; so would Newstead be if he retained that ex traordinary turn of speed which enabled him J to win the Maribyrnong Plate and beat Malna in the Flying Slakes. Honeydew, Meteor, and Britisher arc all nicely bandi-1 capped, and so is Ben Bolt, while Volcano strikes me as being as well in as anything engaged. Over six forlongs I think he is a better colt than Trident, and, though 8st 51b. looks a big weight for a three year old, he is so fast that there is no telling what he can do over such a course. My Lord is another of the same kind. Had he not lost several lengths through nearly falling in the Members' Handicap at liandwick he would most assuredly have won. St. John and Pocahontas are not leniently treated, and though over a longer course The Nnn may rank next to Trident and Volcano among the three year olds, I doubt if she is within ilb. of the latter over six forlongs. Hogmanay won the Free Handicap so easily with 7st 121b. upon his back that his owner catmot reasonably com plain at being raised .only Sib. The Levite, too, is the winner of-a good race, and de serves the Set. lib. allotted him, and Quintin Matsep's performance with Pocahontas was good enough to entitle bim to Sst lib., though he looks badly in when compared with Gardenia. Maddelina. ifin the humour, would have a show at 8st., nut she is such a jade that she cannot well be trusted. Iron master labours under .the disadvantage of a suspicious leg, otherwise he would be dan gerous at 7afe llib., at which weight Umbra should have a rare show, for she is enc of the fastest animals in training. The Ghost has disappointed bis friends more than once of late, but with only Tst 111b. upon bis back, I daresay they will stand bim once more. Gardenia has a weight which should isuit her to a nicety, and so have Kitawa and Xanlippe, both of whom are of the speedy class. Don Giovjan .is one of the smartest three year olds in training; and over six fur longs hs will, false a disal Of hearting with 7at 61b. npon his hade. Yellow Jacket is.another three year old wjho possesses a rare turn of speed, and looks wdljat Tst 71b., a weight which has beeff atjOTted tp If. F. There are many others lowgc^Ibwn thfc list who seem to. have a chance; notably All'Dold^ Edith, Marie Louise, fieea!i,Kenneth, Bonnie Doon, Sedition Kohai, Gadfly, Dayatar, ■ Abner, ttnfferin Yule Cake, Lady Bell, and Fair ila5f- I' Maroondah i8 worth his oats he too ought to be in the hunt with only 6st. 71b. to carry. If Commotion were the Commotion of old i shouldn't look further for the winner of t'le Jich prize, the Bagot Handicap, but it is doubtiul if he will ever be so well as he was was when he carried lOst. lib. and won the Midsummer Handicap, when Camer me, who was second to him, carried -!b. more than she has now opposite her name. Sheet Anchor has his full share in flat. 21b., but if ever v;e see Sardins at his best again 8st. Illb. will not stop him. Urace Darling, who must have been out of all form at the recent meeting, has not an ounce taKen off her lor her several defeats, for whereas she got down to 7st 12!b. at the V K.L bpnng Meeting, she is now raised to jV 1 6c<u:eely fancy Dunlop over a mile and five furlongs, good horse though he may be up to a mile and a half. Duration proved most conclusively at Williamstown that he still retains his form. Silvermine, Britisher, and Hen Holt are not handicapped on their Caulfield Gup form. Jn the great race of the V.A.T.C. Ben Holt, 7st (ilb., was hrst; buvermine, 8st., second ; and Britisher, 8sfc 21 b., third. Now Lea Holt is raised 141b., Silvermine 81b., and Britisher 51 b., bo that the last-named has a little the best of it. I feel satisfied that he would just have beaten Bravo had he not been hit over the head by the boy on Brown and Rose in the i'T IIJtn<3Icap, and with 31b. more ou bis back he should, if Dicely ridden, carry thegreen and white very forward. Hut Britisher is an uncertain animal, ami must have cost Mr. Loughlin thousands, for he has always been going to do a big thing, but has always failed. 1 imei after time has his owner backed bim heavily, but never yet has he rewarded him with anything like a decent win. Last sea son he won only one race, the Veteran Stakes, and previous to this Mr. Loughlin had bacaed him for the Melbourne Cup to win more money than Sheet Anchor, yet he tailed to run up to anything like his private form. This year also he was supported for a lot of money for both Caulfield and Mel bourne Cups. In the former he once looked like winning, and agaiu deceived his friends, while in the Melbourne Cup he ran nowhere. Even should he win the Bagot Handicap he will still owe Mr. Loughlin many hun dreds of pounds. It is more than pro bable thatbilverrainehas improved morethan i either of the other two who gained situations m the Caulfield Cup, and if he has he should again give a good account of himself cn the first day ot the new year. Silvermine is great at obtaiuing situations, for he was third in the Oakleigh Handicap, second in the New market Handicap, third in the Sydney Cup, second in the Caul ..eld Cup, and third in the Melbourne Cup. His Tasmanian owners well deserve a first place, and I hope they may obtain a New Year's gift in the shape of a thousand for the Bagofc Handicap. Honey dew ia well in at8at. 5ib.f but Meteor looks better at 8sfc 3ib., and if he hag regained the form he displayed at Hawkesbury and Rand wick,-he ought to open 1887 auspiciously for his owner. Rufus since he won the Derby has been an invalid, but Lord Wilton, though suffering from chronic lameness, has shown that he still retains his galloping powers. If Boolka can stay the distance he should have a rare show of success at Ssfc, and I may say the same of Middlemarch at 7st 121b. The course ought to suit Ringmaster, who is well enough in at 7st. 91b.; and Claptrap's ridi culously easy win in the Hothara Handicap fairly entitled him to the 7st. 9ib. Mr. Barnard has allotted him. Camerine has been on the shelf for some time, and a short time ago she suffered from what the Yankees call the " thumps," which prevented her showing up in her old etyle at the late V.R.C. meeting. I hope her owner may have her at her best on the first day of the New Year. Kitawa is fairly weli treated at 7st Gib., but Cyclops might have had at least 71b. less, notwithstanding that he once ran second for a Champion Race, when the winner gave him newly afigriong start in the last mile and a •» Nun looks well upon paper at 7st. 51o.j and Hexham should have a show at the serine weight; so too should Silver King if he retains any of his three- year-old form. | The distance may be a little too far for Yellow Jacket and Don Giovan, who have 17sL 2ib. each, but I don't know wbat to say of 'Monte Christo. Once he 'was as fast as anything, while now he seems to be just as slow as he was brilliant. The Levite and Recall are well in at 7st lib., and 7st re specti rely, and lower down the list Mentmore, Lesbia, Fair Play, and Impulse look best upon paper. , The Tasmanians bad their race meeting on the Prince of Waies'a Birthday, when nearly 4,000 people assembled to witness the Cole brook races. The chief event, the Cole brook Plate, was won by Vision, a Bon of St Albans and Beeswing, who carried 8st. 12!b. and won rather easily, Granville (7st. 131 b.) being second, and Borealis (7st. 8lb.) third. The Hurdle Race and Maiden Plate were won by Mr. James Kearney's four-year old colt by Manuka from Kangaroo, a very fine horse bred by Mr. John Field. By the by, I thought the Tasmanians had adopted the V.KC. rules. If so, the owner of the winner ought to have been fined £5 for run ning his horse unnamed. Tower Hill (9st lllb.) beat Kanaka (13st) and two others in the Steeplechase, and Borealis won the All aged Stakes. On Wednesday and Thursday next, the Bendigo Jockey Club will provide sport which should prove attractive to the great body of Victorian racing men. Mr. Bond has issued handicaps of a most Battering character, and there should be fields numerically strong at all events, tor more than half of those en gaged are let off lightly. For the Epsom Handicap Allonder heads the list at 8st 71b., and if he were the Allander of old I should loojk no further for the winner, but as there ; is a doubt if he is at speedy; as he was, per . haps Brunette will be mdre worthy of con- | ! fidence, and next to her KitaWa and Straight Shot In the Hurdle Race Distiller, Koolyte, and Encore look best upon- paper. For the Sandhurst Cup it is difficult to say what will start The rich Bagot Handicap of the V.R.C. isa very tempting prize,and as several of those engaged in the Sandhurst Cap are also well treated in the big race of New Year's Day, perhaps their owners will prefer to reserve them for the more valuable prize. Boolka is all at home over the distance, and at 9st is much better in than he would be in a two mile race at 21lb. less, simply because he can not Btay over the longer course, but still on his _ Williamstown form he is not! at all leniently treated. Dunlop, too, should pnt his best foot foremost in the Sandhurst Cup, for Mr. Bond has not overburdened him with weighty and the distance is just to his liking. This son of Necbersgat is one of the best-looking racehorses at Flem ington, and when fit he is certainly one of! the most brilliant. Britisher is fairly well treated at 8s t.. 81b., and Meteor at 8st 51b. reads as well as anything engaged. Middle march . has a weight which he is com plete moBter of, and Claptrap, Ring master, and Sk John also are leniently handicapped, and - the Ism mares Gamerine aim G&tdenia; appear to toe to be well ubed hV7et. 71b. each, Allander I should pass over in favour of The Nun and Kitawa, both of whom have been handi capped nicely ; so, too, has Remus, bat (he distance is too far for Pocahontas, though I should fancy her countryman Kohai if he would only try, Remus reads as well as any thing at 7at 21b., and further down the list nothing looks better than Ronnie Doon, Don tiiovan, Leabia, and Impulse, I've an idea that it will be a tuare's day, and Catnerine^ Gardenia, and Jiesbia will probably provide the places. I may say the same of the Bendigo Handicap, and for the Steeple chase commend me to Contingent and Re ticent, while for the Ladies' Bracelet, Umbra, and Straight Shot strike me as most worthy of confidence. Fred Archer was still at the head of win ning jockeys when the mail left on October 8, his total being 150, against the 12G wins of Wood. The Hon. W. Pearson has turned Opal and Black Snake out of training, and sent them to Kilmany-park, where Black Snake, on en tering a paddock, galloped into a fence, and injured himself so serioosiy that it is doubtful if he will recover. Judging from the running at the late V. K.C. Spring meeting, the Champion Stakes promises to be reduced to a match between Trident and Trenton, with the odds greatly in favour of the three year old. The youngster has the advantage in every way, and, should nothing happen between this and the event ful day, he will go to the post quite as hot a favourite as Martini-llenry did when he cut such an inglorious figure The Hon. James White has Volcano and Philip Augustus both engaged, and possibly the latter, who is a very fine colt, may be brought forth to carry the blue and white banner upon the occasion, lie was a rattling good two year old, and I see no reason why he should not ripen into a first-claas three year old. There is a prejudice against Chester's stock, because none of tbem have asyet shown a disposition to stay, but some day we'll find one that can get a distance Some of the jockeys who rode in the Derby declare that Volcano would have won had he not collided with the rails, but, though I'm not at all inclined to accept this as a probability even, it is just possible that as Volcano advances in age he may improve in stamina, and stay any dis tance. Anyhow, in the event of Trident becoming stale, the brown gelding may prove a useful second string. Of the other three year olds, perhaps Crossfire is the best over three miles, for good filly though Maddelina is, the daughter of Goldsbrough is, I think, her superior when the course is beyond a mile and a lis If. Dufferin 6truck me as a colt likely to train on, and Chesham by March should be seen at his best, in the event of which even the mighty Trident may find it no easy task to shake off the half- brother to Chester. My Lord cannot stay three miles, and though Bravo may be good in handicaps the Cham pion Race is a race of another kind altogether. Still the latter is more than a useful colt, though perhaps a long way be hind such as Trident. Commotion would be a hard nut to crack if his leg would stand a severe preparation, but I've grave doubts. Isonomy is a non-stayer, and Sheet Anchor not within many pounds of the cracks. Aglaos has been turned out of training, and good horses though Silvermine and Arsenal may be under light weights, I doubt if they are up to Champion form. Don Giovan is a brilliant colt, bat can hardly get three miles, and Grace Darling is not likely to trouble the starter. New Zealand evidently haaa good colt in Disowned, who won the Canterbury Derby, last week. This colt is full brother to Oudeis, and as the Hon. W. Robinson has a couple engaged in the Ascot-vale Stakes, he may bring them over to fuifil their engage ments in the two-year-old races, and Dis owned may accompany them. It all points to a match between Trident and Trenton, but if neither should be able to face the starter, then the great weight-for-age race would be a very ojpen event, and with 200 ! sots, for the second, and 100 for the third, there would be a pretty strong field. I should like to aee the added money increased to 3,000 so vs., 2,000 and the sweepstakes to go the winner, 700 sovs. to the second, and 200 sovs. to the third. Then we could alwaya depend upon a field of half a dozen ar least The West Cumberland Times of the 2nd October devotes four columns to the late Mr.' John Woodcock Graves, who died at Hobart a short time ago. Colonial papers have credited the author of "John Peel" with having lived for 100 years, but in the autobio graphical sketch prefixed to the selection trom hislyrical productions, Mr, Graves says:— " My mother used to tell very precisely that I waa born at 8 o'clock on the morning of the 9th February, 1795, and christened in the same mantle as was Count Henry Jerome de Salis." Consequently Mr. Graves was only 91 years and six months old when he died. Up to within a short time of his death, Mr. Graves, who arrived in Hobart 63 years ago, kept np a regular correspondence with some of his Cumberland friends. In 1882 he wrote to his niece that he was thankful for enjoying good health, and thongh his faculties were waning he could walk four miles a day, and was not afraid to attempt fourteen. "My general energies are tailiug," he wrote; "no> song, melody, or picture now excites the accustomed emotion; but having a tolerably' tranquil breast, happily forgetting my ' rash trickB of youth,' 1 soundly sleep the night away, and just do nothing all the day. . . . . I am living in a delightful cottage in the best climate in the world, enjoying good health, watching myself that I neglect not to thank my God for His goodness ; yet I have been thinking lately that I would like to lay my bones under Skiddaw." The poor old fellow rests under the shadow of Mount Wel lington, and less than two years ago I saw him in Hobart making the best of bis way up that Btiff pinch which leads to the top of Liverpool-street It is with the deepest regret I have to an nounce the death of Mr. W. J. Hammers ley, who for many years occupied the post of sporting editor of this journal. It is over 2d years since he left Bell's Life in Victoria and joined The Australasian, and he was quickly promoted to the sporting editor's chair, which he filled with credit for 16 years. He was a good all-round sportsman, passionately fond of cricket and shooting, and as an ex ponent of the best of all games be shone as a batsman of the Murdoch type. About four years ago fie retired, with the intention of proceeding to America, but changed bis • mind. Two years ago his brain became affected, and, gradually getting worse, he passed quietly away on Monday morning, at the age of 58 years. In the presence of a few friends, the deceased* Sportepmi was on Tuesday consigned tohis last resting-place in the Church of Englihtiportion bf the Met -jboarne Cemetery. His grave iiultusfced close TlytfaoBe of Clarence Whistler, the famous ;$&stler;, and John Huht, the Steeplechase jockey, who was killed while tiding In the Steeplechase at Geelong. In thfc-wcket columns of tbiB journal will be fotjiid hh«r tended notice of Mr. Hammersley'a - ' The body of J. Cree, who I effects., of the injuries he re&iyed; \- . 1 V.R.C. Steeplechase, was taken to BeftaHa, fund interred in the local cemeteiybnilaa< day. A large number of residents, including the members of the local body ot Oddfellows, followed tbe deceased jockey totbe grave. R. llobinson, who for 10 years occupied the post of stud groom at Olenormiston, has been engaged by the Hon. John Ealvs to super intend his etud in New South \Vale3. Mr. Rales could not have selected a better man. Should Ormonde continue his victorious career during the season of 1SS7 in England, he will beat the record made by English •winners ot valuable stakes. As a two year old he won £*3,OOS ; since then he has added €0 the credit of the Duke of Westminster the Two Thousand Uuineae, value £4,000; the Derby, £4,700; St. Leger, £4,47."; and other prizes, including the Champion Stakes, value about £9.000. Therefore he has already won £25,000 in stakes. This does not equal the record of the French horse Gladiateur, who won something like £30.000 in stakes, but I think it beats the biggest total ever won br an Engli-h horse. At Doncaster the " Tykes " pronounced the fine eon of Bend Or a "coachhorse," because of his great size, but when they saw him canter home for the St. Leger they gave him a real Yorkshire cheer. What a thorn Ormonde mnst have been in tbe flesh of the bookmakers during the past season. With Barrett in the saddle fee was pretty well backed for the Two Qhoueana Guineas, and nothing else would go down for the Derby, which he won easily, and then the punters laid all sorts of odds on him for the St. Leger, which he also appro priated without an effort, fairly pulling Archer out of the saddle. It was the same, I expect, in the Champion Stakes, and when lie goes to the stud there will be no difficulty in filling his subscription, no matter what the price may be. I From the English papers I learn that William Day intends to resume his calling as a trainer. lie has taken stables about a couple of miles from Salisbury, close to ex cellent downs, and though he has been actively engaged for nearly halt a century, his faculties are said to be unimpared, his activity and energy being something wonder-, Jul in one of his age. ! It has been decided by the V.A.T.C. com mittee that the 1887 meetings of tbe club shall be held on the following dates:— fcaturday. February 12 ; Saturday, March 12 ; Saturday, June 25; Saturday, August 20; Saturday, October 8 and 15; Monday, De cember 26. Should the V.R.C. determine to bold the spring meeting a week later than Usual, the dates for the Y.A.T.C. Spring meeting will be October 15 and 22. Wherever the Anglo-Saxon pitches bis tent, whether it be in the frozen regions of the Arctic pole or the broiling heat of the tropics, he is certain to improvise a race meeting or a cricket match. New Zealand is ! a mountainous country—I once heard James ; Liliywbite eay it would be all tbe better if j the heavy roller had been over it—and in j some parts it is difficult to find sufficient; level turf for a racecourse or a cricket- J ground. They must be iu this predicament at j Porihua, for the promoters ot the race meet < ing held there to celebrate the birthday of the ! heir to the British Crown announced that J tbe course would be ail that coul l be desired, j *' there will be a good dry strand, as the tide j will suit."' Galloping on a strand where the ■ tide has not icng receded is not conducive to ' longevity on the turf, for nothing jars a horse ■ worse. Still, one cannot refrain from adruir- j ing the sporting spirit which actuated the! Porihua sports when they determined ro take ! advantage of the turn of the tide to hold Iheir race meeting. Mr. G. W. Rowe has resigned his position as secretary to the ltosehili Racing Clnb. During his connexion with the R.R.C , Mr. Rowe proved himself an excellent officer, Bad I regret to hear that his health is not so j good as it might be It is reported in Sydney that Mr. W. Forrester is now the owner of Kitawa. Zeno has been purchased by Mr. N. Johns ; lor 300 guineas. j Trainers will be pleased to hear that Mr. Clibborn has commenced the improvement of the Kandwick racecourse. It is to be top dressed with tan, and the inner training track is also to receive a coating of the same mate rial. The whole of tbe V.R.C. course requires eimilar treatment It isn't often that jockeys take owners into Court for tbe recovery of their fees, but last week one named James O'Connor sum moned Mr. Robert Lock to the Fitzroy Court to recover £5. which ainonnt tbe de fendant agreed to pay plaintiff to ride Land Beer in the Williamst own Steeplechase. O'Con nor stated that Mr. Lock engaged him to ride the horse, and told him to waste to 8st 101b., but when he declared himself ready to ride, Mr. Lock informed him that he had en gaged somebody else. A verdict for the amount claimed, with £1 Cs. costs, wa6 re turned, and most right-thinking people will agree that it was a just decision. There are many jockeys in Australia who are owed considerable amounts for riding, but few of them care to go to law to recover. In England some years ago the complaints from jockeys ot non-payment of riding lees became so fre quent that the English Jockey Club deemed it expedient to bring in some rule to protect them, and one was passed making it compul sory for owners to pay the jockeys' fees before their horses started. At the Canterbury-park meeting on Satur day last the whole of the jockeys who rode wore a band of crape on the left arm as a mark of respect to the English jockey, Frei Archer. " One touch of nature makes the whole world kin." This little thoughtfulness proves how true is the old axiom that blood is thicker than water. Even the little Australian jockey boys consider themselves members of the same great family which has produced the finest horsemen in the world, and when the champion of their craft passes a way they prove that in this distant portion of the empire he is not forgotten by his brother professionals. Mr. John .Tait's old horae Melbonrne—now the property of Mr. J. Williams—had a couple of winners at the Queensland Turf Club meet ing, one being Yabba, who won the Sand gate Handicap, and the other Friction, who won the Hurdle Race Rose, with whom Mr. Finnie beat aix others in the Sapling Stakes, is by Piscator from Radiance, by Fireworks from Sunshine, by Maribyrnong, and was purchased by her present owner at Mr. De Mestre's sale for the small sum of 40 guineas. Merrijig, who won the Selling Race and ran second for the Sandgate Handicap, IB a Victorian-bred one, being by King Cole "pm Ph:zgig, while Friendless, who was triumphant ;n the Queensland Cup, is by Tartar from Jet. Fano, who won the Queens land Derby, is by Epigram from Fanny, and second to him was Miss Newbold, a full Bister to the Canllield Cup winner Ben Bolt. That good old daughter of, Yattendon, My Lore, gained a winning bracket in the Town Plate. She finished second.but Ajar, who came in ftrat, having jostled her, a protest was decided in tbe mare's favour. Two totalisators were used, and both were worked saosfactorily under the superintendence of Mb C. 3. Harris, but the local papers un fortunately do not give tbe dividends paid, §0 that one is unapie to say how the investors Sued. ' r . WfUiamstown promises to lake a leading pomrion inyacuur matters, andifthe success which has lately attended the efforts of the local club continues, 1 shall expect to see a stake of 500 sovs. given within two or three years. F.ncouraced bv the success of the meeting held on the Pth November, the members of committee have decided to pro ceed at once with their contemplated im provements. A new stand, capable of I accommodating L, 50) persons, is to be erected, [ and the lawn will be raised and extended so I as to provide increased accommodation for I visitors. The carriage paddock also is to bein-1 creased in extent by inclusion of the outer pad-j dock formerly used by public vehicles. Special j provision is to be madefortheaccommodation ' and comfort of the ladies, who now visit the I course in hundreds. The straight run will be ] lengthened by the removal of the judge's i box further westward, in front of the new 1 stand. A spacious bar is to be erected in the saddling paddock, and there are to be new j weighing, press, and stewards' rooms, as well as a telegrnph-ofhce. These improve- j ments, combined with the extension of the railway to the back of the course, will help to render the \YiIliamstown course more I popular than ever. The committee feel that 'although tliev have done a great deal during I the past few years, a great effort is necessary I to meet the continued increase of public support In Mr. Sutton they have one of the most energetic racing officials in Australia, ' and I'm quite certain that the views of the committee will be ably carried out by the secretary, who has for many years been { one of the main supporters of the club. While in the vein, however, I would remind ' the stewards that some daring deeds were ! performed in the way of shunting at the Inst i meeting, and it will be necessary to keep this I f in check as much as possible. j | The Winchelsea programme, which will be run through on lloxing Day. i \cludes a I Hurdle Race of 30sovb., Maiden Plate ot 25 ' sovs., Winchelsea Handicap of 40 sovs,! ! Trotting Race of 30 sovs., Bracelet value 50 : 1 son's., Disposal Stakes of 35 sovs., and Selling ' ltaee of 15 sovs. Entries close on the 13th December. ! The secretary of the Geelong Racing Club \ informs me that a meeting of the stewards j was held a few days ago, when the pro-1 ■ gramme was framed for the annual meeting, j | which is to be held on the 28th and 28(h j January. It is, I believe, much the same as usual, with the exception that an additional i £100 has been spread over the various stakes, j It is to be regretted that the Deniiiquin | meeting is so close upon the Geelong fixture, i but there is so much racing nowadays that j it is almost impossible to make a fixture j without clashing with some other meet- ' Everybody wants to know when the Tas- . manians intend to make a sign with their ; programmes. Are the islanders enjoying a . slumber? I Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co.. on behalf of j Mr. W. E. Royds, have disposed of the three- | year-old eolt Bravo to Mr. W T. Jones. It is to j be hoped Mr. Jones will have more luck wjth : the son of Grand Flaneur than he had with , The Andes, Country boy. and other horses ■ which he has owned. I Some fashionably-bred brood mares have j been imported to Queensland by Messrs. ! b. D. Morehead and Co., of Brisbane. They j are three in number, and are as followj lsa Craig, by Craig Millar from Lady Isabel, . by Lord "of the Isles from Catherine Hayes, j by Lanercost, covered by Charles I.: Princess, j by Petrarch from Pomona, by Skirmisher j from Vertumna, by Stockwell, covered by ) Struan ; and Georgie, by George Frederick ; from Young Desdemona, by Thornmanby j from Foible, by Faugh-a-ballagh. One mare j unfortunately died on the passage out. She , was named Shadow, and was by Muncaster! from Starlight, by St. Mungo from Star of 1 the East. 'These mares have been imported j as a speculation, and from their breeding ' alone are well worthy the attention of Aus- j tralian studmast-ers. j The conditions of the Anniversary Handi- i cap, to be run under the auspices of the j Sydney Turf Club, appear in the advertising ; columns this week. Own rs of horses will : observe that the added money is IKK) sovs., j and the distance only a mile and three fur- : longs. Entries close with Mr. Clibborn in Sydney, or at the Y.1LC. office, Melbourne, j ou Thursday, December 2. _ j The members of the Victorian Club Com mittee having finally determined to bold their annual race meeting at CunlfieM on Saturday, the 22nd January, have published ; the programme this week. I daresay some j people will wonder why the members of the Y.C. prefer Caulfield to Fleuiingtou. It is i easy of explanation. At the latter place so \ many members have free access to the j grounds that the funds are not assisted to j any great extent, but at Caulfield they will not labour under this disadvantage, j as the V.A.T.C. members' roll is not j half so large as that of the V.R.C. The bill of tare submitted is hot quite so sumptuous as in previous years, but 900 sovs. will be given away, and this should provide some sport worth seeiug. The first item on the list is a Hurdle Race of 100 sovs., next to which comes the Two-year-old Stakes of 100 govs., a handicap, and then follows the Vic torian Club Cup of 300 sovs., one mile and a quarter and a distance. A Selling Race of 150 sovs. will, doubtless, attract a goodly number of horses above the common run of selling platers. A Steeplechase of 150 sovs., and the January Handicap of 100 bo vs., six furlongs, complete the programme. Entries close at the V. A.T.C. office, 100 Bourkestreet west, at 4 p.m. on Monday, December 20, On Monday next, Messrs. Yuille and Co. will submit to auction the two-year-old filly | Design, by The Hook from Device, who was a good mare, and belongs to an excellent family. This filly is in training, and is to be sold without the slightest reserve, so that somebody is likely to get a bargain, for after her racing career she should be valoaable as a brood mare. Owners ot horses must not forget that the general entries for the V.R.C. Sampler Meeting close on the 6th December.' The events which have not yet been attended to are the Hurdle Race of 200 sovs., Steeple chase of 300 sovs., and the Criterion Stakes of 150 sovs. At the same time it may be advisable to call attention to the V.A.T.C. summer pro gramme, which appears this week. Scratchings in connexion with the Bendigo meeting have already commenced, Anarchy, Western, Pocahontas, Affluence, Meteor, Islander, The Knn, Remus, and Stafford having been struck out of all their engage ments. Townley is withdrawn from tue Hurdle Race; Native, Euchre, and Brown Eagle from the Steeplechase.; and Blossom from the Trot The annual meeting of the Smeaton. Turf Club will be held on Thursday, January 13, when the following stakeB will be proyided: —Hurdle Race of 30sov&, Smeaton Cap of 50 bovb., Trot of 20 sovs., Selling Hurdle Race of 15 sovs., Welter Handicap of 20 sovs., and Miners' Plate of 20 sovs. Margrave has again changed hands, and is now in Mr. R. Sevior's stable. Those who have horses engaged in the Bendigo meeting are reminded tost unices they are withdrawn before,4p.m. on Monday next they will be considered acceptors. Entries for Selling Race* close (at Sandhurst on'vl with the hon. secretary Mr. J. G Stamp, at S p.m. on Monday next, November It must have disappointed Mr. Henry Bowler to see but five horses come to the post for the handsome trophy he presented to the winner of the Wagga Cup. Why Ben Bolt wae sent to Wagga and scratched on the day of the race it is difficult to understand. Everybody, however, will be glad to know that Mr. Bowler's cup. with the money given by the club, has gone into the hands of a good sportsman, Mr. Ilann, who evidently has a good colt in Invcr may, a son of The Drummer and Wnratah. The colt was bred by Mr. A. Town, and at his annual sale of yearlings was knocked down to Mr. A. Benson for Go guineas, but later in the season he was sold to Mr. Hann for 13-5 guineas. Mr. Horsfall enined a well-deserved victory with St. Michael in the Produce Stakes, and another son of Glorious, Yule Cake, was triumphant in the Maiden Plate. I was sorry to hear that the meeting was the next thing to a failure, and would strongly advise the M.T.C. to reduce the meeting to two days, and hold it about 10 days after the A. J.C. spring meet ing. New Zealand files to band contain the results of the Auckland and Cbristchurch meetings. At the former Cinderella, by Javelin from Renga, won the Trial Stakes, and the Victorian-bred Turquoise won the Prince of Wales' Handicap; Clogs was second and Mitrailleuse third. .Tur quoise (who was ridden by John Kean) is full brother to FYecious Stone, and was bred by Mr. S. Gardiner at Bundoora-park. Mr. Chaafe's Bangle, by Musket from Locket, won the Welcome Stakes, Falcon the Selling Steeplechase, and Lady Aiice the Epsom Plate. On the first day of the Christcnurch meeting, when Spade Guinea won the New Zealand Cup, Mr. If. Goodman's Silvermark, by Apremont from ltupee, won the Welcome Stakes, beating nine others. The winner was ridden by Derritt, and lie is from the same dam as the Cup winner Spade Guinea, both having been bred at the Middle-park stud. On the second day, Tres Sec. by Leo linus from Tres Deuce '^sister to Calumny), won the Hurdle Race, and Mr. G. G. Stead's Ike, by Piscator, the Selling IIace; while the Hon. W. Robinson's Disowned, as already recorded, won the Derby. Mr. H. Goodman's Apropos, by Apremont, was suc cessful in the Lance Memorial Stakes; Antiple, by St George, won the Epsom Han dicap ; and Mirella, by Hornby trom Miralle, the Juvenile Plate. On the third day, to the amazement of everybody, Mr. P. Butler's Artillery, by Musket, beat Nelson for the Canterbury Plate. Moonee Valley, now one of the most popular of all suburban trysting places, will be the rendezvous for turfmen this after noon. Mr. Cox has provided an excellent afternoon's 6port, and should the weather be tine he is bound to have a bumper attend ance. I hardly care to venture a prophecy as to the probable results, because 6ome owners may consider it advisable to " make other arrangements." On paper, however, Trust, Carnival, and Liedertafel look best for the Maiden Plate ; Trojan, Damocles, and Cestus fur the Janetield Handicap ; Liberty and Douglaston for the Corinthian Handi cap ; Roulette and Stag lor the Steeplechase; Surprise and Sorcerer for the Selling Race ; and Impulse, Liberty, and Footman for the November Handicap. On Tuesday next, at noon, nt Kirk's Bazaar, Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. (in conjunc tion with Messrs. Yuille and Co.) will dispose of Chuckster, Wartield, and Landa These are three excellent handicap horses, and are only being sold becau-:e their owners are giving up racing. Mr. J. B. Ilaggin, the Californian sports man, seems to stand pretty well at the head of the American turfmen just now. From the Spirit of the Times I learn that he has made arrangements with the Dwyer Brothers to take their celebrated mare Miss Woodford to his stud to breed from, and in all probabi lity 6he will be put to the Australian horse Darebin. Dewdrop, a filly for whom Messrs. Dwyer gave nearly i'G.OOO, is also to go to Mr. Haggin'a breeding establishment, and it is likely that she will visit either Darebin or Sir Modred, unless Mr. Haggin buys Iroquois, the English Derby winner, which is quite within the bounds of probability. At the St. Louis Trotting meeting in October, Jerome Turner won tbe special trot ting prize, in three straight heats of 2m. 21£s., 2m. 15is., and 2ui. lG]s. A gelding, named Oliver K., who promises great things, won the free for all purse in three straight heats of 2id. lGJs., 2m. Bits., and 2m. 17s. Our American cousins never hesitate to give a good price tor a promising trotter or a trotting stallion. At the Glenview sale iu October, Mr. J. H. Shultz gave 28,000dol., or over £5,500, for the trotting stallion Pan coast, by Woodford Mambrino from Belle, and Mr. F. 1). Stout paid 22,000dol. for a sixteen-year-old stallion named Nutwood, by Belmont from Miss Russell. The highest price paid for a young trotter was G,!K)0do]. for a four year old named Wicklifl'e. A year ling colt named Bonnie Wood realised 4.?00do!., and a yearling named Nominee 3,000dol. 