A REMARKABLE STORY OF AN APPARITION". Many people-a very great number, in fast-no more believe in apparitions than they do in the man in the moon.L And we are not at all sure that we don't agree with them. At the same time the following story of an apparition is such a marvellous and peculiar one, that we cannot do bet ter than receive it with the attention it deserves Young MrBligh, a lad of bright parts and of no common attain ments, became on a sudden pensive, dejected, and melancholy. His friends, observing the change without being able to discover the cause, attributed his be havior" to laziness, an aversion to school, or to some other motive which they sus pected he was ashamed to avow. He was, however, iuduced to inform his brother, after some time, that in a field 'through which he had passed to and from school" -that is to say, to aud from Launceston Grammar School, of which Mr Ruddle was head master-"he was invariably met by the apparition of a woman whomhe personally knew while living, and who had been dead about eight years." Young Bligh is said to have been at this time about sixteen. "Ridicule, threats, and persuasions were alike used in vain by the family to induce him to dismiss these absurd ideas. Mr Ruddle was, however, sent for, to whom the lad ingenuously communicated- the time, manner, and frequency of this appearance. It was in a field called Higher Broomfield. The apparition, he said, appeared dressed in female attire, met him two or three times while he passed-through the field, glided hastily by him, but never spoke. He had been thus occasionally met about two months before lie took any particular notice of i£~; at length the appearance became more frequent, meeting him both morning and evening, but always in ' the same field, yet invariably moving out of the path when it came close to him. He often spoke, but could never eet any reply. To avoid this unwelcome visitor, he forsook the Bold, and went to school and returned from it through. a lane, in which place, between the "quarry pact and nursery, it always met him. Unable1 to disbelieve the evidence of his own senses, or to obtain credit with any of his family, he prevailed upon Mr Ruddle to accom pany him to the place- 11 'X arose," says the clergyman, 'the nest morning, and went with him. The field to which he led me I guessed to be about twenty acres; in an open countrj', and about three furlongs from any house. . Weweutinto the field, and had not gone a third part before the spectre, in ths shape of a woman, with all the circumstances he had described the day before, so far as the suddenness of its appearance and transition would per mit me to discover, passed by. I was a little surprised at it, and though I had taken up a firm resolution to speak to it, I had not the power, nor durst I look back ; yet I took care not to show any fear to my pupil and guide, and therefore, telling him that I was satisfied with the truth of his statement, we walked to the end af the field and returned ; nor did the ghost meet us that tims but once. On July 27th, 1665,1 went to the haunted field by myself, and walked the breadth of it without any encounter. I ? then re turned and took the other walk, and then the spectre appeased to me, much about the same place. in which I saw it when the young gentleman was with me. It appeared to move swifter than " be fore, and seemed to be about ten feet from me on my right hand, insomuch that I had not time to speak to it, as I had determined with myself beforehand. The evening of this day, the parents, the son, and myself being in the chamber where I lay, I proposed to them our going all to gether to the place next morning. We accordingly met at the stile; we had ap pointed ; thence we ail four walked into the field, together. We had not gone more than half, tho field before the ghost made its appearance. It then came over , the stile just be fore us and moved with such rapidity that by the time we had gone , six or seven steps it passed by :I immediately turned my head and ran after it, with the young man by my side. '.We saw it pass oyer the stile at which we entered, and no further. I stepped upon tho hedge at one place, and the young man at another, but we could discern nothing ; whereas I do I aver that, the swiftest horse in England I could not have conveyed himself out of sight in that short space of time. Two things I . observed in this ; day's appear ance: firsts a spaniel .dog, which had fol lowed the company unregarded, barked and ranavray as the spectre passed by ; whence it is easy to conclude that it was not bur fear or fancy which 'made . the \- apparition. Secondly, the motion "of the spectre was not gradation, or by steps, or moving of the feet, but by a kind of gliling, as children upon ice, or as a boat down a river, which punctually answers, the description the ancients give of the motion of these spectres. This ocular evidence clearly convinced, but withal strangely aflirighted, the old gentleman and his wife. They well knew this wo man, Dorothy Durant, in her life-time ; were at her burial ; and now plainly saw her features in this apparition. . The next morning, being Thursday, I went very .arly by myself, and walked for about an hour's space in meditation and prayer in frliA norf. Qdimninrr Snnn Rva the field next adjoining. Soon after five 1 stepped over the stile into the haanted field, and had not gone above thirty or forty paces before tho ghost appeared at the further stilo. I spoke to it in some short sentences with a loud voice, where upon it approached me. but slowly, and when I came near, it moved not. I spoke again, and it answered in a voice neither audible nor very intelligible. I was not in the least terrified, and therefore per sisted until it spoke again, and gave me satisfaction ; but the work could not be finished at this time. Whereupon the same evening, an hour after sunset, it met me again near the same place, and after a few words on each side it quietly vanished ; and neither doth appear now, nor hath appeared eince, nor ev6r will more to any man's disturbance. The discourse in the morning lasted about a quarter of an hour. These things are ' true,'concludes the Rev. John Huddle, 'and I know them to be so, with as much certainty as eyes and ears can give me ; and until I can bs persuaded that my wnaeaaU deceive me about their propw objects, and by that persuasion deprive me of the strongest inducement to believe the Christian religion, I must and will assert that the thines contained in this paper are true/ -Caasell'a Saturday's I journal. 