REMINISCENCES OF THE COLONIAL STAGE V (Continued)..-..- r . r "My memory is fleeting, but still l ean remember," Once having seen him, who can forget dear old Lambert. Par excellence, the best representative of Sir Peter " Teazle, Xorcl Ogilby Sir Anthony Absolute, Mr. Aspen. Polonius, and such- like high art comedy parts the Melbourne stage has ever seen. At the present time it is really pleasant to dwell' on the memories of the past. Mr. J. C. Lambert made his first appearance in Melbourne at the Amphitheatre in Spring Street, on., the 23rd of December, 1S57, as Colonel Damas in Bulwer Lytton's play, 'The Lady of Lyons," achieved a last ing success, and his fame soon spread throughout Australia. On the 1 1 th of December 1866 he took a benefit at . the. Theatre Royal-, -and on that (and only) occasion lie esBayed the part of Shylock iti "The Merchant of Venice. He gave a scholarly reading of the part, which was out of his line. His success was only a "success d'e.stime." He did' not attempt the character a second time. - Having made up his mind to retire from the stage, lie arranged for a farewell benefit, which took place at the place and in accordance with the following bill : THEATRE- ROYAL. " ' Lcssie, Mr. Oharlos Vincent. Acting-Mnnager .11 r. Harwoud. Final Retikemext of Mr. J. 0. Lambert. When he will make iiis last appearance on any stage for ever. Those fr end, who desire to honor Mr. Lnmbert with their presence on this occasion will please take their places imme diately. The Gentlemen Amateurs - have consented to appear on this occasion witli Mr. Lambert. ... This Evening, 'Thursday, February 27th, 1868, The Performance will commence with tile 2nd : . Act, of Brinsley Sheridan's brilliant, comedy . "THE RIVALS.", Sir Anthony Absolute - Mr. J. O Lambert Characters by the Comjiany. To be followed by the 1st Act of Bulwer Lytton's comedy of ' t "MONEY." Sir John Vesey - - Mr. J. O. Lnmbert (his last appearance in that character for over). Alfred Evelyn - 'Mr. William Levey Sir Frederick Blount - . Mr. Marcus Clarke Stout - - - Mr. Charles Warner Other Characters by the Amateurs,' ...Trio— "Hark I the Lark at Heaven's Gat- Sings"— Mr R, Stewart and Misses Docy and . Maggie Stewart. To be succeeded by Scenes (including Screen Scene) Irom Sheridan's Comedy, ''THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL" Sir Peter Teazle - ' - Mr. J. 0. Lambert (the lost character lie will ever act on — any Stage), - Joseph Surface - far. Oharle, .Vincent Lady Teazle - Miss Cleveland To which will be added the Farce entitled "THE MODEL HUSBAND," Supported by Mr. H. R. Harwood and Company. , , i Y/ Mr. J. C. Lambert will then read the confess-' ion of his faults and bid bis friends a final adien Doors open at 7. Commence at 8 preci-ely, trioks'as 'usual. '" a-/ " ' ' ' The following is a copy of his address: "LadieB and Gentlemen: — I am about to quit this world of mine'for ever, to cross the footlights and live in your, world. It is very much the' custom on occasions when people are going, out of the world, to make a full, confession of all 'their sins, and: I. will- acknowledge the excellence of the custom by adopting it, so that you shall not say that' I gave up the ghost without recounting the many sins of " which I have .been guilty, both since 'I came 'among you, and many years, before that time." "These as you may suppose were very' numerous, for they' have been going on -without intermission these- two and forty years. I will begin with the worst offences, and admit I , have committed murder — In the early part of my career especially, I -ac knowledge to have murdered several — parts, with which I was entrusted, but of late years I hope I have been . less guilty in this respect, and- that the shades of Shakespeare, Ben Johnson, Congreve, Otway, Massinger, Rowe, and -Sheridan have been appeased, I . trust by my having imparted a little life to some of their creations." "I have committed bigamy so often that I cannot recount the number of . instances . I have married more wives than Brigham Young, so that it is not surprising if I should number niy sons and daughters by scores if not hun dreds." Some of them, I grieve to say, I -have treated with great cruelty, turning tlieiri' out of doors to beg or starve, cutting them off with a shilling, foroingthem into mercenary marriages, and otherwise provoking them to des perate measures." " In connection with these wicked proceedings I have used the most violent language to my offspring, but many times when in the very onslaught of my furious denunciations I have relented and only uttered half a curse. At this moment, if I had not great strength of mind I should be over- ' whelmed with remorse at the conse-'. quenoes of my severity.", , "I have to deplore the necessity of frequently numbering, among my. acquaintances, and even" among my ,. friends, some very - incorrigible scoun drels; but I beg you will place in juxtaposition -with this fact,- the- cir cumstance of having also been on : intimate terms with many kind hearted persons of every degree' of society. Indeed, 1 may here remark, that in respect to social position, iny friends, and acquaintances have been of the highest and lowest rank, with every intermediate grade, -and that their , dispositions have varied as infinitely, as their social position." "My own predilection's have b'eenx in like manner fluctuating.'' At one time I have been so miserly that I have denied myself the common and most absolute necessaries; at others felt myself prompted bv generous impulses so strong that I have had no hesitation in giving away large sums of money, vast estates, priceless jew els, and even crowns and kingdoms." '" I confess, however, these gifts have been bestowed with but an in discriminate hand. and that undeserv ing. men have profited by my promis cuous liberality." "Like all other members of my profession, I, have, lived, a-double fife,;, and it is only in one of mine, the great crimes, I have, enumerated and ac knowledged have been committed. My serious vices,' I trust', Have all 'been committed this side of the footlights. " But in the world where in future I am' going to dwell, I trust1' you will credit me with having, done my duty as,a , good citizen, and that when in a ' few days I step. .on. board the vessel which .will, bear, me from this bright and beau ti fill country ,..L. shall carry with me vour good wishes and your, kindly esteem.", , "Permit me a parting word about my-brother -managers, with whom for the last twelve months I-have been -intimatelyassociated. Ineverthought to have drifted intomanagementagain, but there were -such pressing reasons why this fine theatre-should not be allowed to lose irestige, and why it 'should not fall into incompetent hands that I consented to become one of the co-partnerships by 'which 'its' affairs. 'have been -lately, administered."-. , , , "I appeal to you. to say whether we have'iiianaged the Theatre Royal satisfactorily, and whether we have. . not fulfilled the promises made at' the beginning of our career. Althougli- we hav.e not, obtained a - -wonderful. " pecuniary "success', I can ,but. think' that we have given our patrons; fair- , value, for their money, and I. am happy to .think at this moment that the repu tation and popularity of the Theatre-, Royal are as good as they have at"any ; time! bebn . since it was opened nearly' fitteen years ago. Let me ask you to continue your /.support to' , the mana gerial firm as it now exists— at least an equal measure of support. Its members are well known to you, and are, I ani sure, 'greatly respected." (To be Continued). 