LOCAL NEWS. THE marriage of Dr. Garde, the popular surgeon of the Maryborough Hospital, to Miss A. B. Hall, sister of Mr. Hall, of Aurora plantation, took place at St. Paul's Church of England yesterday morniug. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. R. R. Eva, and the knot being tied, the party, consisting of only the near friends of the bride and bride- groom, drove to the Custom House Hotel, where a well laid out breakfast was awaiting. Afterwards Dr. and Mrs. Garde left for tbe surgeon's residence amidst the hearty good wishes of their friends for their future happiness. Among the presents, which were numerous and handsome, was a splendid set of silver and China table-ware from the Hospital Committee. ONE of the host of the Chinese vege- table hawkers, who had cast aside the conventional pole and baskets and con- ducted his business by means of a horse and cart, had yesterday reason to regret having gone in for the European innova- tion. Leaving the horse to attend a cus- tomer somewhere in North-street the animal made off at a gentle trot, John bringing up in the rear through slush and mud, a good second. On nearing the corner of Sussex and John-streets the vehicle capsized and a large area of the street was converted into a vegetable garden. The greater portion of the load was damaged, and the owner having righted the vehicle made off home much crestfallen at his misfortune and loss of trade. SUCH a steady and continuous down pour of rain as that we are now receiving has not been experienced in Marybo- rough for years. Rain has been falling for a week, and there was every indica- tion late last night of its holding out for some time yet. Some anxiety was felt last night by the proprietors of the river bank mills in consequence of proba- bility of a flood resulting from the heavy downpour. Such a contingency, of course, depends upon the condition of the river at Gympie, and we learn from there that on Wednesday night there had been a rise of three feet, and that would not produce any noticeable effect. How- ever, from last night's fall a fresh may be expected to-day. THE following is the registered rainfall at Gigoomgan head station, as furnished by Mr. Mant :— March 1, 9 points ; March 11, 30 ; March 12, 14 ; March 13, 66 ; total, 1-19 inches. April 6, 5 ; April 11, 12 ; April 12, 10 ; April 13, 44 ; April 15, 6 ; April 16, 20 ; April 18, 14 ; April 21, 35 ; April 22, 1-35 ; April 30, 17 ; total, 2.98 inches. May 1, 5 : May 5, 16 ; May 6, 4 : May 7, 61 ; May 22, 3 ; May 24, 2 ; M-iy 2-5, 15 ; May 26, 12 ; May 27, 22 ; May 28, 33 ; total, 1-73 inches. By this it will be seen that this locality has not been so highly favored as others during last three months. THE committee of the Benevolent In- stitution beg to acknowledge with thanks the following subscriptions received from 1st April to 9th June :— Mr. Sapsford, 10s. 6d. ; Mrs. Papi, £1 1s ; Mr. Thomas Connors, £1 1s. ; Mrs. Dinning, 10s. 6d. ; Mrs. Wiles, 10s. 6d. : Mrs. O'Connor, 10s. 6d. ; from the late F. Winterheld's estate, £48 8s. 4d. ; money found by Mr. Staf- ford, 5s. 6d. ; also, parcels of useful cloth- ing from Mesdames Christoe, Dawson, and Mungomery. THE heavy downpour of rain yesterday afternoon caused the proposed meetings of the Polynesian Hospital Committee and the Fire Brigade Board to be post poned, The monthly meeting of the Burrum Divisional Board lapsed owing to the same reason. The members present were Messrs. N. Tooth, J. Cleary, C. J. West, and T. J. Watkinson. A ROW amongst kanakas occurred in Kent-street last uight, which was almost instantly quelled by the expeditious arrival of three policemen. This smart- ness is highly commendable, but as the arrest of one man seemed by us to be attended with most unusual severity and harshness, we hardly think that in the cause of order a single point was gained. AT the Police Court, before H. R. But- tanshaw, Esq., yesterday, Kate and Charles Cook were charged with stealiug two £1-notes, the property of Mr. Bell of Union-street, and remanded till to-day. It was only recently that several other members of the Cook family were sen- tenced to various terms of imprisonment. ANOTHER illustration of the hair- breadth escapes that fall to the miner's lot was supplied by an accident (says the Gympie Times) which occurred at 3 and 4 north Glanmire on Tuesday evening. Just before knocking off time two men working at No. 2 level in the first stope going north had finished their shots and charged them. One of the men, Patrick Ryan, having two shots, one directly above the other, decided on firing the lower one first, and to put off the other separately, so that it might have a belter chance of doing its work. According to this arrangement be and his mate, hav- ing ignited the fuses of the shots they wanted to go off first, retired until the explosion took place. Allowing a short time to elapse for the smoke from these to clear away, both men went back to fire the remaining shot, when, just as they got under it, and were preparing to set light to the fuse, the shot went off. From the position of the men at the time, it might fairly have been concluded that they would each have been blown to pieces, but fortunately this was not the case. Ryan's mate had the good luck to escape scatheless, but he himself was struck on the right cheek by a small fragment of rock, which penetrated the flesh and stuck in the jaw bone. AN important despatch has been re- ceived by the Government which ap- pareutly throws considerate light on re- cent events in the New Hebrides. The Secretary of State for the Colonies inti- mates to the Agents-General that the French Government, have explained that a further supply of labour must be pro- vided for the islands in the Western Pacific and that for this purpose they must send out further convicts" unless they can secure the necessary labour by acquiring the New Hebrides." — Observer. AT the Government sale of 25 lots in the parish of Gin Gin, called for Monday last, there were no bidders, and conse- quently none of the lots were sold. On the opening of the Long-York de- late the Courier says:—At 8 precisely Mr. M'Master, the chairman, stepped to a central table followed by Mr. Long, who took the right hand position. Immedia- tely afterwards Dr. York followed them to the left. In a moment the complexion of the audience was changed. Applause from the clergymen and a generous cheer from the auditorium greeted the Glasgow man ; when York came from the wing a veritable yell went up from floor and gallery, that ought to have reminded the chairman, then in the throes of mental composition, that an expression of his ideas upon theology would be like cast- ing pearls before swine. But it didn't. Mr. M'Master wanted to go on record, and go on record he went. The introduc- tion began successfully ; it hardly pos- sessed the truth which is generally sup- posed to be unpopular. It was flattery cut from the whole cloth, for Mr. M'Master comfortably forgot all about the average Valley campaign meeting, and declared that he had never seen an audience in Brisbane refuse to give any speaker a fair hearing. This brought down the house, which, however, recanted sud- denly when the chairman went on to materialise the thoughts which be had so painfully put together. He couldn't be convinced, not by anything, if both de- baters talked for a year ; to him religion began and ended with Christ on the cross, and——— Then the row began. The Freethinking section of the audience — a well-lunged section, by the way — had come to hear Mr. H. A. Long and not Mr. Johu M'Master. They attempted to persuade the latter to sit down, everybody persuading at once ; as was human, if not sensible, he got excited and wouldn't. "I will speak," he shouted, during a short lull in the confusion ; but it swelled again till only his moving lips and em- phatic gestures announced that the speech was in progress. Alderman Gal- loway smiled ; freethinker Campbell looked as though he'd been left a fortune; City Missionary Stewart looked indig- nant ; and Alderman Hocker got the benefit of it. "Sit down," murmured Hocker, sotto voce, from his seat in the rear. A treacherous lull betrayed him, and his old opponent turned on him in a rage. " Shut up, Alderman Hocker," he bowled, "I won't allow no foreigner to tell me to shut up." Naturally, the con- fusion redoubled. Hisses, cheers, groans and shouts were in order, of the last the most popular being that there are no foreigners in Queensland. Mr. M'Master glared at Hocker and repeated that there were, and that Hocker was one of them. Dr. York, with his showman instinct, smiled ; Mr. Long looked disgusted. Ul- timately, the cry of "Debate, debate" overpowered everything else, and though the chairman attempted to persuade the audience that he wouldn't sit down till they listened, he yielded at last, and in- troduced Mr. Long by pantomime. When the Glasgow debater came for- ward, the disturbance at once subsided, and the debate began. During the even- ing Mr. Long stood calmly, except on rare occasions, while Dr. York wandered about the platform like an unhappy ghost, gesticulating freely, and occasion- ally addressing himself personally to in- dividual members of the audience. A PATHETIC incident occurred in con- nection with the wreck of the Lyee- Moon, which has not so far been made public. After the rescue of the survivors had been all but completed, there re- mained in the darkness on the broken hull but three men, Captain Webber, Carpenter Douglas, and the deceased passenger Johnson, a young medical student, who was unable to, stand the effects of the piercingly cold breakers. As the time arrived for the next man, to take to the life-line, Captain Webber, who was perfectly calm and collected, turned to his carpenter and remarked, "Now, Douglas, there are but two of us left, that poor young fellow is dead, and we cau't possibly get the body ashore, it's you and I for it. Now though it looks like death for us both, you go first. God bless you, I'll stand my chance of following you, good by. At the captain's suggestion, Douglas made a final examina- tion of poor Johnson, who was then resting upon the shrouds in a cramped up position and speechless. The carpenter clambered towards him, clapped him on the shoulder and shouted loudly, "Now then, young friend, rouse and wake; we're going to take you ashore on the line." No answer coming, he chafed the pale face and hands and endeavoured to raise the body, but life had flown and the arms were fixed tightly round the rig- ring. He was dead. Douglas then made for the line. The carpenter successfully battled through the hissing surf, followed by Captain Webber, who of course could do nothing more towards the assistance of his ill- fated passenger. A COPY of a letter addressed by Messrs. Louis Scharlach and Co., licensed emi- gration agents, Hamburg, to the Agent General for Queensland, has been for- warded to Brisbane for the information of the Government. The writers remind Mr. Garrick that when Mr. Pietzcker was in Germany for the purpose of induc- ing persons to emigrate to Queensland, he was strictly watched by the authori- ties, and was unable to obtain permission to act as an emigration agent in Ham- burg. Even Messrs. Scharlach and Co., although they were duly licensed passage brokers, could not do anything in favour of the colony owing to the severe steps which would be taken against them. They have, however, for some time past been in correspondence with a good many agriculturists in South Russia, who, as they were informed, were in- clined to go to Queensland and work under the conditions aud contract pro- posed. These farmers were "all born Germans," well qualified to work, sober, and, as far as their experience reached, "just that class of people wanted to popu- late the colony." Messrs. Scharlach and Co. strongly recommend them, and feel certain they would give satisfaction to their masters. In the event of the Agent- General being willing to accept these people as immigrants to Queensland, Messrs. Scharlach and Co. offer services to the extent of visiting these people in South Russia and completing all arrange- ments up to the point of signing the con- tract.—Courier. THE returns of the number of venom- ous snakes killed in the Panjab, during the two last quarters of 1885, show a large falling off, as compared with the previous year. In 1884, 48,093 snakes were killed throughout the province in the quarter ended the 30th of September but last year the number killed was only 26,941, showing a decrease of 21,152. During the mouth of February last there were 37,886 deaths registered in the Panjab as against 44,052 in the previous month, the death-rates being 24 and 28 per thousand per annum. The number of births registered was 57,920, giving a birth rate of 35 per thousand. THERE are now on view at the Bris- bane Exchange some splendid samples of lode tin got by the Wellesley Lode Tin Mining Company in the vicinity of Lode Creek, distant about eight miles from Stanthorpe. The ground has been opened up in several places to the extent of about 60 feet and traces of the lode of considerable richness are everywhere visible. The ground is freehold and will be worked on tribute.— Telegraph. 