A Lady's Experience Among Victorian Mountains. HOW WE CLIMBED THE BUFFALO. By F. F. (Continued from last week.) THE RIDE TO THE FALLS. It is a remarkable fact that one can hardly ride half a mile in any direction on the top of the Buffaloes without coming to a bog, and in our ride to the falls we get the full benefit of them all. From our camp to the head of the falls is a distance of seven miles, and had we not a very careful and cautious guide we should be struggling in the first of the bogs until the middle of next week. On the further side of this first bog is the only erection resembling a human habitation in the whole mountain. This is a kind of Swiss chalet, built (if we may say "built" of such a material) of green paper ! It was to have been ready for Lady Loch when she made her tour through the Ovens district last year, but for some reason she did not ascend the Buffaloes, and for some other reason the paper house was never finished. It consists of, or is planned to consist of, three rooms; but as every visitor thinks he has a right to take away a piece, both of the outside wall and inner partition, as a memento of his visit, and a specimen of what Lady Loch's mountain house was to have been like, there is very little left of the diningroom, and the wind will soon carry away the bedrooms. The material is a stiff water- proof paper, which, I daresay, is found very useful for many purposes, but we much prefer our tents to any kind of house — paper or otherwise. The getting through the bogs is a work of time and difficulty, for some of the horses are exceedingly obstinate, and will baulk at the last moment, when you have got through all the marshy ground, and are ready to clear the stream at the other side with one bound. One horse will prefer to flounder in sideways, and after splashing those around, and getting your habit thoroughly wet, will flounder out again, as often as not on the wrong side of the stream. However, even all these dangers pass, and also the danger of a very steep descent, and we are having our first good canter along level ground, when on rounding the corner of a hill, we hear a cry, " Oh ! I'm off ! " And sure enough there lies one of our number (a Melbourne girl) on the ground, with her horse cantering away gaily in front of her. Fortunately she is only frightened and not hurt, and her fall is just one of the incidents to be talked over and laughed at afterwards. We all dismount presently, and, leaving our horses tied up, clamber about a hundred yards further on till we come upon one of those surprise scenes which haunt one with their beauty for the rest of one's life. In all my travels, even in the Blue Mountains, I have seen nothing to surpass the view of the Buffalo Falls from the top. The water has cut its way through countless ages deep into the rock, so leaving on either side of the falls, as we stand at their head, a precipitous wall of rock a thousand feet deep, while from our feet there start the rushing waters, which break and dash over the great boulders till they are lost among the trees nine hundred feet below. Our eyes try to follow the windings of the river, but our gaze is lost in the exquisite panorama stretched before us. In the foreground we see all the country between Myrtleford and Bright, with the road winding among the hills clearly discernable, though at this great distance it looks more like a goat path. The houses of Porepunkah are easily distin guished, and away beyond for a background we have tier above tier of mountains in graduated shades of blue. It is a scene such as no artist has yet depicted well — the expanse of hilly country far below as seen from a mountain top. CLIMBING THE "HORN" The next morning our start from the camp is for the "Horn," the highest point in the range. We ride for about two miles along tolerably level ground, but the rest of the journey must be done on foot ; so again our horses are left tied up, and we begin the ascent. The "Horn" is just a great pyramid of immense boulders, heaped in discriminately one upon another, and a path to the top has only been made possible by the ingenuity of the surveyors, who here and there have made flights of steps by means of smaller stones to bridge over places otherwise unscalable. By dint of frequent resting we reach the top not over-tired, .and there we find the cairn built up on the topmast rock, a rock which holds our party just comfortably, but on which a huge number would hardly find sitting or standing room. The view here is magnificent, but principally for its extent ; there is not that a "infinite variety " which always charms. Whichever way we turn, the eye is met by mountain after mountain, stretching away to the distant horizon, and these are made beautiful by the ever-changing shadows of the clouds chasing each other over the tree-covered slopes. The most distant peaks we see are those of the Alps, and at one spot we can make out a tiny white speck, which we are told is "Bon stead's," the hospice on Mount St. Bernard for the accomodation of travellers to Mount Hotham and Mount Fethertop, which is snowed up even in this Australian climate for three or four mouths every year. After being shown the various points of interest, we expend a large quantity of breath in exercising some celebrated echoes, and "coo-ee, coo-ee" resounds from opposing hills. Some of us declare we hear a " coo-ee" that is not an echo, coming from somewhere among the rocks below ; and we begin to wonder whether the ghost of some lost traveller is revisiting his ancient haunts ; but the guide, with a supreme contempt for all superstition, declares that all we heard was the lowing of a cow ! Now cows, even of Australian breed, have not yet learned to coo-ee, and so the mystery of that lone, wandering voice must ever remain unex- plained. Before descending, we go through the cere- mony of having all our names written down with the date of our ascent. Then this list is placed in a bottle and corked up, and the bottle is securely deposited among the stones of the cairn. Our coming down takes less time than our going up, although we take time to examine a very curious cave called "The Diningroom," about half-way down the mount. We get back to the camp for dinner, some of us having still energy enough left to climb the " Hump," the second highest peak, in the afternoon. Those of us who elect to stay at home enjoy a bathe in the clear, cold monntain stream, notwithstanding that the guide has just killed a whipsnake on the bank. The morning has been beautifully fine ; but now the clonds are gathering, and between 4 and 5 a heavy shower comes down, causing us to look with anxiety for the return, of the " Hump " party. They appear about 6 o'clock, all wet and bedraggled, and their appearance would furnish sketches to a comic artist that would last him a month. However, they declare they will tell us nothing of their adventures till we have given them some tea. After tea, which we are obliged to have under canvas, on account of the wet grass, we settle ourselves for the last night round the camp fire. Obligingly, the thunderstorm, which has been threatening for some hours, keeps off until 10 o'clock, and, in the meantime, we keep the ball rolling with song and story, I speech, and song again, in merry alterna- tion. I dare not speak of the adventures of the "Hump" party, for though they are related by the oldest gentleman present, apparently in all seriousness, yet I am afraid even Baron Munchausen himself would have looked incredulous at some of the stories we are asked to swallow. In the midst of our toast making and toast proposing, the lightning grows brighter, the thunder growls loader, and suddenly we are driven to our tents by a sharp shower of rain. It is long before we get to sleep, for the rain sounds steady, and we discuss the prospects of to-morrow's journey home, and wonder how we shall get over the dangerous parts now that the ground will be wet and slippery. Presently from the gentlemen's tent come the first few notes of "Cheer up, Sam," and for an hour or more we are serenaded by the whole male company. They give us all sorts of songs and an immense variety of choruses. We have a " Rule Britannia " chorus, with nursery rhymes for the verses, a sneezing chorus (very effective with a simultaneous "snish," "snash," and "snosher"), a coughing chorus, a laughing chorus, and, to end with, a snoring chorus. The singing has its intended effect of keeping up the spirits of those who are doleful, and we awake in the morning "with a heart for any fate." Our fate turns out to be a thoroughly wet day, and a whole day's riding before us. I do not linger over the details of our return journey. Let it be enough to say that, though everyone gets thoroughly drenched with the soaking rain, we none of us allow our spirits to be damped, and we are just as merry a party coming down as we were in going up ; and, as it turns out afterwards, no one catches cold, or is in any way one whit the worse for the long ride on that wet Thursday. We scatter to our respective homes on the road back, and a hearty welcome at Wandiligong ends our most delightful four days on the Buffaloes. 