THE 2EIVW IOUSE OF COMMONS. The first thing that strikes one about the new House of Commons (remarks a con tributor to the St. James's Budgel) is that it is startlingly new in many respects. Roughly speaking, one-half of its members are quite new; it is guided, for the present, at all events, by a nearly new Administra tion, and presided over by an almost new Speaker. Even the Sergeant-at-Arms is new, so are his two lieutenants, and part of the fabric of the House, thanks to the dynamiters, is new also. Judged from the verylimited experience we have so far had of them, the very manners of the House are new, and some of them are sufliciently novel to he a little surprising. It is, for instance, a new way of expressing approval in the course of a debate for members to clap their hands violently, as though they were in the pit of a theatre. The effect seems painful to old members, used to a different method,for some of them shudder perceptibly, and look scandalised. It is true that the clapping of hands has never been wholly banished from Parliament. At least once inevery session some misguided being inthestrangers' gallery, in the keen enjoy ment of some pungent bit of rhetoric, has been betrayed into this form ofexhibiting his satisfaction. Butthe consequences have in variably proved disastrous, and the offender too late convinced of the enormity of his sin, has always been promptly removed into the outer world. Until, however, the now Parliament commenced its labours, a clap ping of hands was never heard from the floor of the House, and applause there was strictly confined to the monotonous and not particularly intelligible "hear, hear." A new feature in the House is the curiously disciplined state of the Irish Nationalist party, and in no way is this more shown than by the mechanical precision of their cheers. Every one of the 86 followers of Mr. Parnell is cheered through his speech by his 85 colleagues. And they do it not only with a will, but as though they had been regularly drilled and followed some preconcerted signal. The result is striking. Eighty-five throats, most of them youthful, and cheering in unison, produce a much more effective re sult than the whole House cheering on in dividual impulse. There is nothing like it outside a French theatre. One ought to be grateful to Mr. Parnell, if only for the im pressiveness with which thle new Parlia mentary claque works. A word as to thi new members who have so far taken part in debate. The old Parliamentary notion that a member should sit silent for a time and quietly learn the ways and habits of the House, and study its rules and laws, written and unwritten, and endeavour to assimilate something of its spirit, is quite an exploded theory now; and the new im portation, as soon as he has signed the roll and shaken hands with the Speaker, is on thorns until he has given the House a taste of his quality. He has perfect confi dence in himself, great fluency (or words, at all events), and no nervousness at all. If at times he indulges in a somewhat old fashioned rhetoric, or that dangerous ex periment a mixed metaphor, where's the harm ? One honourable gentleman, for instance, was actually cheered-(let merit be given where it is due-the cheer ucame from the Radical benches) - when he solemnly informed the House that "only those schools had gone to the wall which were cumbering the ground and bearing no fruit!" Surely the ghost of Sir Boyle Roche must tremble for his reputation ! 