'THE FEDERAL COUNCIL! i fness o005 OwN C0ossEsPONDENT.) HOBART, Jla. 26. Watching the first beat of a nation's! pulse ! For.days past we-the editorial pronoun in this case includes both poli ticians and pressmen-have been acting as :accoucheurs to the Aussralian dominion. , Strictly speaking, the politicians hIave boeen thie nurses, while.the pressmen have acted. as the doctor who comes into the roomin to intimate that a new voice is heard in the : world. The gathering round that couch of fair Tasmilania waiting for and assisting in tihe expected birtlh has not been in any' sense equal to. that which witnessed the' marriage of the colonies at Sydney in 1883, but yot one man weighted with a serise of the responsibility of the'positidn anxious to handle the subject delicately, and above all careful so to act that this Federal Council may not be like the one child of the patriarch, but may have many little brothers. If you were to ask me what is the aoe distinguishing characteristie of all the dolegates of the cosneil, I should tellyou it lay in this, the desire to please, the wish so to act that· the most timid colony may be attracted ratheir than repelled by the legislation adopted, and drawn by iin sinuating inducive blandishments intdo the nnion. This is the 'tone the delegates :cxpress in private, and this was the note which vibrated through. all their speeches when the address in reply was indergoing debate. Never bu fore lhas Mr. Service shown himself so impressed with' the burden of responsi bihity, never before in my recollection has he considered an occasion so imIportant as so induce him to write out his speech; This he did, for his inaugural address as Presi dent'was read by him from hIis manuscript, and as the Argus and Age combined to telegraph it to Victoria, the tublic were furnished with the words exactly as deli vered and without any of those erors which sometimes aribe in the taking of notes and their transcription. It was somewhat of a surprise .to the Victorian members of the party on arriv, iig here to find that a feeling was abroad that the office of President of the first Council, which we thought, had been honourably won by Mr. Service by his exertions in the cause, and which was also due to him as Chairman of the' Com mittee of the Convention, the senior of those present at it, who still remained in the Union and the Pro mier of the most powerful colony, should not be conferred upon him but upon Mr. Griflith, and a section of the Tasmaniian press was' so bold on its tipping the result thaint we began to see how the Tasmanian vote would be cast. It was even suggested that Mr. Adye Douglass, the Premier of Tasmania, a respeitablo elderly solicitor of mediocre abilities, should be elected President, it being overlooked--for reasons-- tliat if Ma. Service was ineligible because he was one of the three ghosts, shadows of four politicans who had practically ciuittedpublic life, yet tat. Mr. Douglass who .is shortly to proceed Home as Agont-General was in precisely the same position.. However,, common sense and right feeling won the day, and at the privata meeting on.Saturday in the offices of theChlief Secretary, Mr. Service was elected as President, though it is said by a majority of oe'votoe only. There can be. no doubt' but that hoilis the mn 'for' the 'position, for his grasp of thie Federation question is greater than that of any other politician in Aus tralia, and he is the first statesmen who has systematically maintained that Aus tralia had a distinct foreigin policy with respect . to her self-protection as dis tinguished from the aggressive one which Messrs. Stuart and Dalley epoused ii Sydney. The Federal Council alieady claims to have a foreign policy. Mr. Griffiths, in his opening speech, main tained that it had jurisdiction equal to the Imnperial Government ovei the seas ivhich surroundcl Australasia, theiogh he did not define how far: he supposed such jurisdic tion would extend, and it is already evident that while the delegates here intend to adolept a conciliatory aud'econcessory, mien towards the other colonies, ini order. to bring them into the fold, they:intend to ispeak on foreign questions in-'th'e tones of a limited nation; Among the members of tue Council a thorbugh tiuderstanding'that . : . Whateveir b~oils diotsrb tihe strie, 'There msst bse peace at hsooi; Where sisters edwelt sd lirothers meet,' Troubleshlust never come. . And so it has been agreed?.tlat if anyde cisive dflelrence of opinion isexhibited on any subject, the matter will be droppedc' or' so 'fashioned is' to., be palatable' to all, and no divisions will take place dur. ing the.session,., With'the Council ciutiod: will mark the guarded,,aymy thyoughout, and a ~gneral desir.is being manifested to. lunabo everything as pleasant as possible, while the grumble in ceraidn quarters that the federatiosi of 'Australia meantdisimem-: berment of the Empire,'was promptly.met. by Mr. Beorry moving almost as asogn: as: business commenced that a cablegram ex pressiv'e of loyalty iand devotion be senat to: the Queen. .' Bust Y-C' \vill be, doubtless, iurione to kow who are the men .entrusted with aL responsibility so fruitful in good i WiLsely used, and so disastrous if unwis?ly. When' we talk . of.. federation and a Federal. Council, he tIust remember that at preseii~ the colonies hre bounn, togcther by ties as fine as the filmyi threads of thd gossamier spider's web, 'atd that the same hands which are now erecting. 'tho structure: might pull it down again. A single mistake oaeusing an embittering of feeling might cause, the colonies to fly apart,: and ~our lastastate would be worse than our' first.. There is, however, little prospect of this upon this occasion, although it is evi tist that the views of Queensland even on. trifling matters differ widely from ours, even on such questions as dealing withli the Chinese, with.aliens, and establishing a' federal quarantine station 'at Thursday Island. Tact, and the policy of abandon lug everything of importance on which the delegates are not unanimous, will go far to, overcdmo any danger arising from these differences of view. Next after our own delegates, to whom it is unnecessary to refer, the most pro minent member of. the Council Mr. Griflith; the Premier of Queensland, whose easy fluent delivery and masterful com1 mand of the legal 'bearings of any point under debate, 'give him considerable influence, which is likely to be somewhat guided and insensibly controlled by.Mr. Service,. with: whom he is on..most friendly terms. His colleague, Mr. 'J. R. ''Dicekson,aspeoals fluently, and to tie point, but impressee the heirer as a someihat narrow - minded average politician, without much special ability. Hlie will be shunted with :the post of Chairman o Cominittees; so that of, him we shall hes buht little. The Radicalism and eashnes of yout~i' of Mr. Grffith;, who 'caninot b niord than '40, is likely to be tempered by' the sagacity. of the Tasmanian Premier, M. Adye Douglass,'a grizzled headed old veteran of sixty or mnore, who has an etcelleht practice as a solicitbr, bin' does not, appear to be. generally held in high esteem as a politician. His colleague, Mr. Downes,is a hindsome personable long bearded barrister, whom his friends extol as the saviour of the colony, but whoiap pears to be regarded by his pblitical rivals as a sort of foirhsh-class idiit. HE has been but a few years in polities, but judging from his social .contour - for: up.to thq time of writing he : has not spoken-he is likely to prove but light mbtal,,if opposed to the heaviir trained artillery of Messrs. Service and Berry. Mr. Lee Steere, the representative of Western Australia, is a gentlemanly look ing man, past 'middle age, and apparently an Anglo-Indian, with possibly a dash of French blood in his veins. He appears reticent and somewhat diffident, but has evidentlg ahighly educated,,well-cultivated mind, and in many of his characteristics resembles the high. class Southerners in the States, which retain some traces of the French blood Which flubed from the former hristocratie' emigrees to them. Ho will epeak but seldom, but' when le does, will comin~d ¾ ~dspect .and tho dh?fi ate?- tion. The representative of Fiji,' Dr. M'Gregotis i sniaia' of a dlifferent stamp, and will, if he chooses, play an important part in-the proceedings of.the coming fortnight. Ho is of thaet age when amdn's powers are at their best, whbn the dash, aspiration and virile force of youth is not lost but tempered by experience, and has the vigour and determination of the success ful colonist, coupled with well-educated faculties. From the position of chief inedical oflicer he has rapidly 'advanced himself to the position of Colonial Secro tary of Fiji, in place of Mr. Thurston, who is now acting as its Governor, and thlough he has not the eloquence which made Mir. Whittaker, of New Zealand, tihe most prominent man at the Sydney Convention, he is likely to exert considerable inifluecco in the present Council. Our own repre -sentatives complete the eight whose names are destined to be honoured in history as the founders of the Australian Dominion.' iWlhicdh;though delayed for's time,must nlti mately grow out of the proceedings we are now witnessing. And this brings me to thie greater elonient,_without the concurroice bof which I .this movement towards federation will be i long a-ripening. So far,< the federal movement has been one fostered by a few:i politicians, and by a 'section of the' Press, but lacking the support of the enthusiasm of'the peopl6, uch as that'iwhich united the Separationists in the various colonies which divorced themselves in the pas from New South'Wales, And, truth to tell, therb is iio moar evidence tlhat t, popularenthusiastio motive forco existsher t.hanthere is in Victoria. Althoughllobar and its environs contains some 25,000 in habitants, not 100 of them attendedin the streets to witness the opening ceremony, and a large proportion of these were small boys. Not a flag waved from the buildings though staffs aboundl; there.was no cheer ing, and people generally went abouot .tlheirvariousbousinessesas usual,fewtalking of the event "which was elevatisig.their cityto such prominenuce in the eyei of the world, and fewer still seeming to under stand it or realise tlhat it had any particular concern for them. 'A number of ladies ttiracted by the pageant wereo,in the Cou?cil Chamber, ands a few--very few- politicans were present, but most promi nent men and members of. the Parliament of, Tasmania .wvere conspicuous by their absence. Thore was not even a holiday pro claimed to mark the event,, and there was absolutely, no evidence that the movement had as its base a national popular aspiration,. or was the offspring of the passionate desire of the people tosecure unity. Pn~isibly this may come in.time, as the result of educa tive influences.or combinations 9f circumm stances;. but while I share with Mr Griffith the convictibn .that !' Federa tion -isi' the,. manifest. .destiny of the Australian colonies," it would be useless to. pretend tha ;tthere is any evidence that the present movement rests anchored securely on the broad basis of t~he pedple's. will. ' 