-AVESLEYAN. ANNUAL CONFERENCE. . Tlio Wesleyan: annual .conference opened' on - Tuesday night at theWbsleyah"'Ghurch, Lons- dalo street, Melbourne", tho Roy;;R..O. Flockart (retiring :presiden't)'being:in:tlie chair.': , After devotional . exercises, the roll; ball was read, and the conferonce proceeded ""to the election of a president," the > result being the appointment" of the ;;.Ro'v.. i'W/! L.-. Blamires. Tho Rev; E. AV; Nye was elected secretary, the Rev. AV. Williams and. J.' H. Tu'ckfiold assist ant secretaries, and the Rev. !B. Butchors con ference writer. . - Tho Rov. R. CJrFlockart raid that lie ex tended to the- new president the right hand of goodfellowsliip,' aiid was glad to. see that lie had boon appointed iby b/erwhelming numbers. He hoped'his ijjoar 'of ciffico1 wouldbe a.happy one. He had .no insignia of officeto.preseht lo. nim , bu t greater than any insignia or formula," he could give tho sympathy of his. brethren-ill tho Lord. (Applause.) ' " ' 1 , : , 'i : ; '1 : Tho new, president then Wok his Bfeiit amid applause. He was not used, lie said; to speaking as presidontrT-flaughterahd ! must be Excused ; any ignorance Of expVeSsio'n in regard , to the' compliment paid him. . He, would, iiqt yield to j anyone in his appreciation' of the honour done j him, especially as it so happened, that ho was ! elected president at the time of, the jubilee year, j The keynote of this yonr was' thanksgiving, and it would be ono long; to be -romombored by tlie 1 AVosleyans.- Hertopk . his. election as a compli-j meiit fo him that . I10 had; houeatly discharged j his dutios in .years gone by as a- Christian minis- j tor iiiid as -nn officei" of the -conference.-, Hej should strive fo bo -in sympathy with them ; to' help every mo venibii t for 'the -'adYanoemeirt and: welfare of tho cliurcli;' and h'b : hbped they 'wouldi bear 'with hiini in any isliortcomin'gs he mighti show. (Applause.) r 4 ! ThoRov. H. Bath proposed that the cordial,' respectful, and ; afl'octionate thanks 'of the' confer- once be prosbnd' to.'tlib Rev. 'R. O. Flockarfc for. the officioiit riianiior in which 'he has discharged! his .duties as .prbsidont'-. during the; past ryear.! Their, oxrpresident wound up tliirty-six years of hard labour in connexion with the church by his' tormsofqffiop.!.;;:;. : y- j Tlio Rev. 'ibrl-<YatkuiVB)ippprt'tii6 motion,' which was carried unahiiiibusly. , ' Tlio Roy. R! 'C. Flockhrt oxprbssod liib thanks! for ;tlio Kind resolution ' passed, ' Ivliieli he valuod very highly, a. 'j 1 In delivering Lis retiring address, ho referred to the complications with which 'the year had openod, and. whioh had threatened tho British dominions with n terrible war. He referred to heroic figure of Gordon, who had diod li faithful miirtyr'iihd a soldier at the post of duty, and alluded to tho sohdinjg'of Australian troops to tho Sou.dan, as offering a convincing proof to tlioinpthor country of our courage, ability, and lulehty. . Ho'then p'roceodod. Whether wo look commercial, political, or religious world, loop lias boon a romarkablo yoar. Somo of our nop, both ministerial and lay, liavo taken a noble part in the conflict for right. They have fought wisely and woll, and, in not a few iu- ataneoa, have prevailed. Tho Sabbath question, the Lieonsiug Bill, thp right of our local proa- cliors to prencli in tho State- schools, tho dofonco of our conduct in our college, and as to freedom lrom tho chorgo of seeking to prosolytiso from otlior oliurohos — liavo all boon lmndlod in tlio spirit of truo Christian honor and dignity. AVo ought to congratulate ourselves that wo liavo "lei| <>ur midst who aro doing a groat and good ivork for this country. As a church, wo have givon, in Mr Do Garis, a friend aud bonofactor fo tho farmers of tho colony, and wo trust that work may bo crowned with success. AVo glow men who aro not only in -tlio front as prea- oaors .of tho AVord, but thoso who can also with lain and pen make our Zion to bo folt as ail ' P'i, u. t'10 land, both for tho temporal and !,'!! weal of tho pooplo. H.r-n1 "Joputation to tho Gonoval Assembly of 0 1 rosbytoi'ian Church in Novombor last was 1 interesting ovont. Mysolf, with tho Rev. ,li.,i88la !lt'1 a,u Watsford, prosontod tlio cor- .. ' BVBtlngs of pur churoli, to Which tlio .said fwsomwy .-responded with u hoartinoss and catlio- bo! 0 wol'thy of that oommunioi).. It ootnes us to ospross ouv sympathy with the Church of England in the anticipated removal, from their midst of Bishop M'oorhouse; AVe tliafik God for tlio good ho has beoli tlie moans of promoting, and pray that the bletfling of the Master may bo with Dr Moorliouae in the high and' importaut position to which lie has been called. Our educational institutions aro doing a groat and good work for tho future men and women of tlieso lands. Wo must not rest until tll6 Word of God . shall- once more form part of our State- sqliool burricUlum. This vital question must ever bo kopb in viow until the approach of the depart ment if for ever removed. ; It is cheering to this cjnforetico that While: moil aro being sent for from other quarters to fill, up the ranks of tlio ministry, we are raising from our churches and schools young men of, whom any church may feel proud. Tlioy are the hope of tho future. We feel the neeossity bf their being fully equipped for the battle of life. Tho hopes of tlio fathers in roferoncb to our -young mon are high, and wo boliovo tlioy will not bo in vain. The church of their choice demands the full vigour of their head, heart, and hand. ,. How important that all tlie elements so needful for a successful ministry should bo cul tivated ! .Not, only sound conversion to God, but lnoiital culture, and a . sound physical frame. Not liizy men, not dandy .men, but real, natural, noble, intelligent men of "God, full! of faith anil of; the Holy Ghost, men with burning zeal for the salvation of redeemed humanity, men whose, cultivated -talents shall make the power of the church felt from the pulpit, platform; and Press. Thank'.' God we have in -our - midst princes in Israel;- wlio iire devoting their time and moiioy; with .brilliant "talents, to stem the floods of evil; and' fill '.tlio land With spiritual light and life,: During ; .the year honours have been bestowed upon! soiiie, of our men abovo their brethrbiij; and.Ml'rejoicq that to our boinyed Mr .Watkiii litis, been ,: given the distinguished title of ("..Doctor of Divinity." May.Ue loiiglive to ivoar Avith "dignity. the chaplefc of distinction: jplaqbd". 'upon his brow; ; ; :>: - I In the temperance movements of the colony <Mr Symons will ever . be rememberod and es- teemedr i Who can tell the value -of liis .labours fancV time bestowed in association with the now 'sainted" Mr " Eggleston ' arid ' others, i li "framing" our constitrition. of annual aud triennial confer- jences, as well: as' head' and ''heart given to the ' formation, of the AV. O. M. Fund ? As a. church, jwe ' liavo reason" fo bb proud of haifiriglilour ; midst a man .who, by his unanswerable pamphlet, put to silence tlie judge who dared to make an unjust attack upon the AVord of God. In a word, it is a masterpiece,' -and stands !airiong thb fore most. of the crushing replies ; to-' tho' ufibl'usliing blasphemies of the day. ' ' .. ... . . ,AVe haVe, need iiiHioso days ofpleas'ui-e seeking to. guard ourselves agaiust faUingli'eadlohg into, tho spirit of; tho age. ! Wo must. dare to bo singular for : Christ arid; His cause. Lot not our farililies' encourage the so-called "private, diincq,". tho . select dancing party," "the Christian; dancing gathering; How th£se frequently , leail to the open ballrooiri down to the -dancing saloon, arid then'' 'to' endless iper- aition. ..-i Over; the Licensing Bill, our. church , took a. noble part. . .By manifest earnestness,- we roused tlie.;Houses: of Parliament. and awoke other sections of j.tlio Church into action.- Side ;by side ;stood tlie .churches, ih one common cause, for the salvation of the masses ! And the pub licans aided ; our success by ghathing upon us with, tlieir teeth. -. ' !., , ,. The glad ; tidings in coririectidn with the cele bration <>f the jubilee of the work of God in Fiji is an inspiration refresliing to tlie spirit of our church. k In . looking; back at. what the God of Cliristian- missions -lias wrought in these islands of the seas during '.he last fifty years wejarolost in woricler. ; ' : , The yeivr of jubilee has come. ;. AATiile other churches- are celebrating the jubilee relating to 'their 1 respective establishments in - this "and sister colonies, the AVesleyan Church of Victoria must riot only riot be behind, but aittong the foremost in results. Let every adherent "of our communion.look at wliat the Great Head of the Church lias' done for and by us in the rising and growing- country, and, in view of the temporal nud spii'itual : benefits bestowed, ecclesiastically, commercially, and politically, during tlie fifty years of our history, let our offerings express the gratitude of our lives, and if our gifts be as the Lord-has blessed us, then the contributions will be in abundance, Israel will rejoice, and God's name glorified. Tlio rise and progress of Victoria aro themes of wondor to the wide world our 'cities and towns, our pilos of noble build ings; itho! literary and religious institutions, churches arid -Sabbath schools, erected 'all over the colony.' Tlie Building aud Loan Fund, as woll. 'as' our Home Jlissiqn institutions, with Wesley and the Ladies' Colleges, the book con cern and -press — in -fact, tlie whole land pulsat ing with the moral and spiritual influences of our church. . A vote of thanks having been passod to tlio retiring, secretary, the proceedings were "ad journed. !'; '!. '! "v.' 