'WAKE II\W 1L! (by one o? the, growj>cV Looking through an album-o£ felons'- i photographs, I was much struck with, one portrait T discovered there-_ It was that of a man not older, seemingly than eight-and-twenty on thirty,, and .jio o ne would have supposed the original] capable of eai ning for himself the hbc envioble distinction of figuring in that shameful collection.. It was the-like ness of a pleasant-looking, handsome-, fellow, with regular features, even teeth, eyes full- of tender-expression., a good moustache, and wavy, curling { hair. I scrutinised the face closely., but in vain for any indication of] latent vice, and, still puzzled, inquired1 of the official iit attendance for infor—] mation. > " First," said, he, 5" allow me to show you a. portrait of the same individual.j taken in prison eostuine only eighteen months after that you have already inspected-" He produced another al bum, and opening it, repealed a photo-j graph that I* at once flatly refused, to believe, in the absence of convincing, testimony, indentical with the first j The accompanying " record" however^ : put the matter.beyosdi doubt. The second likeness was that of a , convict with hair closely cropped ?nd ] I a face disfigured by a broken nose— i ] almost complete obliteration, of the | " bridge," in fact—and the injury that had occasioned .it had, at the same ' time, drawn down the inuer corner of j the left ejey giving it a sinister and I yery reinarkable^expression. " Which,' I remarked, " tends to teach us how careful we should be ot jumping at hasty conclusions as regards human! character. Judging No. 2 from his appearance, he might be as ruffianly a scoundrel as ever lived, whereas No. 1 | —-the same individual—manifestly, could never have been guilty of any thing very atrocious. " As you say, sir," answered the oblig ing official, smiling, " physiognomic evidence is always unreliable. He has been lost sight of since the last re-; lease, but, if No. 2 can be guilty of anything worse than No- 1 made no j scruple of engaging in, it will not be \ very Ipng before we renew acquaint ance with him. I don't say but there are hundreds of convicts of a coarser and more brutal kind, but, in bis par ticular line,. Archibald P——- has, I should think few equals. Like the milkmaid in the old song, ' his face was his fortune," but his caree i.i his - peculiar liiie of swindling and impos ture was effectually stopped^ when he met with his injury." " But what was his special line of iniquity ?" ' Answering matrimonial advertise ments, and on tlie strength of his in sinuating manners and his handsome face inducing the foolish woman he thus got hold of to part with their pro perty. If he could not attain his aim in any other way he would go through the ceremony of marrying them.- 1 believe that I am right in saying that be is a bigamist at least four deep, and in each case he left his unfortuiyite victim in utter destitution," . "But how did he come by his dia figurement?" " la a -curious way- His las sen tence was three years,-and where he was serving it there Was a poor, weak minded fellow-prisoner,, a. mere lad, | whom. Archibald P took a special delight in tormenting, whenever he found an opportunity^. The lad. in , question^ who was generally liked by j the warders, had' somehow. possessed j himself.of a mouse. It probably found its way into his cell. Anyhow the lad managed to tame it^ and grew so attashed to it,- that, wheneverhe might happen.1 to be- working, he carried.: the ; little animal, hid in., the bosom of his serge frock. It was against pri son rales, of course, and perhaps the warders were unaware of it, but" so it! wa% One day Archibald: JF>——g,nd this lad were ordered to assist the j plumbers, who were- doing , some- xe pairs in.:the kitchen, and perceiving the mouse peeping out P-—« in trials j ice and wickedness^, snatch >d at it and threw it into-, x.. pot of melt® 1 lead the workmen were using.. This so exasr perated the young convict that , he: caught up. the iron ladle and struck P full in. the face with it, the re sult shown here- in the., photo graph." - I thought nomore of the matter, but nearly- a year afterward^,, and a few ] weeks-since, I was brought unexpectr edly face to face with the broken-: nosed, squinting convict, and! recog nised-hiim instantly. At the time L| was.joumeying to Manchester -in^cem.-; pany withafrientf and it being- the first day of: the Manchester raee a numerous and,. mixed company filled the carriages; • Archibald P- now.j appeared, m - more favorable guise than when i-beheldihis photographed resemblance.. He was- very well'] dressed-, andj wore rings on. his white hands.. His hair, like his photo num ber one, was again waved^ancL eurlfcy,,. and he -had: again, carefully cultivated the monstache-that had'beemshoru off while he was in durances-. But Ii felfe certain, of, his. identity:, There~ dis tinctly enough, was-the ziz.-aag, scar extending across his damaged nose for tbe-leffceyelid,,which bad puckered, in,| the healing, giving tUe: eye itself the-: appearance of being, larger than its j fellow, iruccJisequertce- o£ib& havings a ' more limited'orbifcto. move • in., Not withstanding his facial deformity E— , was at. least as-respectable-looking, as his companions^ who,-though flashly attired, evidently belonged tavfchal too numerous- class- who. are. possessed^' of the gift of realising profit without risking, capital at race meetings. The party was in- excellent spirits, and laughed and talked so loudly among themselves that, as my friend and I>' sat in. our- corner,, I experienced no i difficulty in relating to him* what L had. heard of. P—■—% Whereon^ my friend suggested that, if. we-found an opportunity^we would introduce the j subject of the weakness of women and. the fascinating powers.; of the. sterner sex, with a view to ascertain ing what he niight have to say about \ it. We were, however, spared the trouble of exercising our ingenuity, for at our very next stopping place something pccured that gave the con versation exactly the turn we desired. And elderly lady, unattended, came to the door ' of our compartment and wished to come in. She was in formed that it was a smoking carriage, and we were rather crowded already j but she was a determiued female, and would have effected an entry but for the guard, who offered to show her to a carriage where she would be more comfortable. There was pleasant com ment on her behavior when she db appeared, and one. of P 's party remarked jocosely that no dcu'u it was.Fitzgerald's" beauty that th ' old lady had found so irresistible. j From the way that Archibald P ! changed countenance and resented : the personality it was evident that he : was the " Fitzgerald" alluded to. ■ He sullenly remaiked that if was not in good taste to sneer at a man's scars, especially when they were honorable, as in his case. If a man risked his life to save that of a fellow-creature, j and got his face damaged in the at- j tempt, he had yet to learn that lit j need feel ashamed of being not good j looking #s other people. "At thei same , time," said Archibald P —, alias Fitzgerald, recovering his good humor, and complacently smoothing his moustache, " there was a time, my lads, wheu the "best looking amongst you wouldn't have : a 1 the I " ghost of a chance against me, where there was a pretty woman in the ca . I have made some conquests in my time, I can tell you." "Then how the deuce did you manage to escape matrimon; ?" que of his companions laughingly in- , quired. . " W^elij you see,". replied the un- - blushing rascal, " I was never a ,mar rying Inan. I. was. always a wile;: awake moth that could' bask:, in the . beams 'of the candle flame without be-; ipg such a fool as to approach, it close » enough to singe my wing." He looked round at the. occupants of the carriage .. ;for approval of his manly and amiable sentiments- and my friend:- remarked. " You ate . speaking of- the. .tune before- you met, with your- acob-j djent."*" ' •; : ^ g^j yes.!" returned Mr.. Fitz-1 ■gerald, aft ugly scowl flitting oyer .his face^;" I hay'ntfaadmuch to brag of ^ rimthe- way mentioned since." , ":It was good, eupugh ^njt while it lasted, probably ?" said my friend wickedly,,"though anything but cheap. amusement X should. thiijki" " Whll) that depends largely on a fellow's conscience," returned Mr. .Fitzgerald, Eghtty leaniiig-bazit in his , seat, and nursing one knee wjth the1* air of a person who is conversationally inclinedj and feels' himself master o£i; t"he subject under discussion; "Xihave known men who have gone in pretty: extensively for that sort of fun, en joyed.themselyes amazingly, and actii-; ally made money by it. Confounded hJaekguardsof eoui-se^. But they*enr joyed themselves none the ; less: oa. that account. Xtremember one man—■. hets!. dead. and goue now —went to., Mexico and 'gGt kilLecLinja silver mine —who was just about the pink.of the profession,.'speakingof it as such. He made a.study of it, and if he had only been.; as . cautious as he was clever, he might Lave made * a sackful of. money, ant lived long and died hap py, as the story^boOks say. What do you think his game I - lie was a .hand some fellow. 1 ha.e seen him many a^ time, and. can answer for it. Walk through London., streets on a long summer day and "yon won't meet a 1 handsomer man. Elegant flgu ,;teeth; like pearls, and eyes such .as tew wo men_conld resist. But hiVgiocl looks * j were his-nnly capital, which was his misfortune^ not his fa.i "t —an over sight of. nature X should call it. With a.face and,figure- such: as he hail, it was simply ridiculdus to expect him to accommodate himself to the posi tion he'visas born to. ■, He must then, have become -a-shopman, or a tailor, perhaps ; and anything. more absurd than that it wouldn't be easy to con eeive. So, a; I tell you, .his good'., looks-being bis only capital; he made the most of ife He uged.to. overhaul^ those publications in ' which silly 'wo- 3 man adyeriase for husbands and reply to the most promising, and. wheedle them out of' what money they might chance-to have, while he fell madly in. bre with'- them, keeping the game alive, up to marrying pqin|, when "■ and Mr. Fitzgerald gaii^licked hii finger and. thumb.. over -hls left shoul der. - " He was a mean skunk, then," re marked one of Mr_F.'s .companions ; " I would kick a man if I found out. that he was such a one, if 1 had been friends with him for twenty years." Why, of course you would, dear boy,"* replied Mr. Fitzgerald, grinning, as he puifed at his cigar. " 1 wou.d do so myself^ But I was not what may be called friendly with him, and - therefore there would have been, no fun in kicking him. But it isn't alw 'j* a man c.m choose his com pane, and if it is his fate to make casual ac quaintance' with a black sheep who is mover tired of bleating of his affairs he can't help listening, however little he may like it.. The man I am speak ing of was proud of his success in the line of business he had taken to, and though we all agree that he was a mean skunk, upon my soul, if all he told was true, he must have been a wonder in his wiv. I have heard him say, and I have no re tsou to sap pese that he was telling lies, that he has often made as much as five and twenty pounds iu a week by the little game iu question." " He must have an extensive con nection," remarked my friend. "You mav say that," replied Mr. Eitzgenild, alias, " Photograph No. 2.' " The system he pursued wa# an ingenious one. I don't admire him—; who could ? But without doubt he was an uncommonly clever rascal," and Mr Fitzgerald left off to laugh, meanwhile eyeing us all' whimsically 'with his sinister optie. He went on the principle thatdittle fish make, as satisfying a frv as big 'uns .if you can catc.i enough of them. No game va< too small-for him, gentlemen, C»»fc; in service, housemaids, nudd.-oF-nli work even. The more ignorant Ihey ve the mossed of bigamy beiug proved against him, I am happy to tell you he was sentenced to a term of penal servitude." "But it is by 110 .means certain," I put in mischievously, "that the de spicable seoundrel was that-cured of his evil propensities. Probably he started again in the old way when he was released/' " I think not," replied my friend. " If I rightly remember the .case as re ported, the fellow had his handsome face spoild by another convict, who revenged himself for some dastardly thing the other did to him by assault-; ing him with an iron ladle. He well nigh cut his nose off, so, you see, he can't made a very fascinating appear ance now, wherever he may happen to be." The train by this time bad come to a standstill at the station, and we all prepared to alight. Mr. Pitzgerald in sucking his bleeding thumb had somehow1 smeared his cheeks with His blood. It was the contact with ; his suddenly whitened face probably but I thought at the moment that I had never seen blood so vividly crimson. Certainly, I never beheld a more ruffianly scowl than that with whieh he regarded us as, with his friends he hurried out of the carriage and was lest in the crowd. - 