THE LATE ARCHBISHOP. IN OUT town edition of last week we were only able to briefly announce that the Venerable Archbishop of Melbourne had died at 11 o'clock on Friday morning, the 11th inst., at Brighton, from suffusion of the heart. The exigencies of publication unavoidable in connection with & weekly newspaper did not permit us to promptly pay, as we should wish, a fitting tribute to the memory of the deceased prelate. As already mentioned, the long drive to and from Bacchus Marsh in his private carriage on Ascension Day told rather severely on his enfeebled constitution, but not_ for a few days subsequently did the ecclesiastics near his person become uneasy about his condition. The first really alarming symptom appeared on Sunday morning, the 6th inst., when, as his Grace was vesting for his usual private Mass at his Brighton residence, he became faint, and needing restoratiTes, could not celebrate the Holy Sacrifice. His Grace, however, struggling against his growing debility, did not finally take to his bed till Wednesday. Each succeeding hour from that time he became weaker and weaker, but not till Thursday was all hope of the venerable prelate's recovery abandoned. It was then the painful duty of his medical adviser, Dr. Brownless, to communicate to the patient that his recovery was beyond human skill. His Grace received _ the intelligence with calmness and resignation, and the preparations for death, on his part, and on that of the clergy privileged to administer the last functions, may be said to have then begun. Later in the day the Viaticum was administered, and at a subsequenthour the Sacrament of Extreme Unction. After that, his Grace passed the night quietly, and up to the last agony retained full possession of all his faculties. From the time Dr. Brownless announced to his venerable patient that his last hour was near at hand, he was in every waking moment absorbed in holy contemplation, and a very short time before his dissolution he took his rosary in his hand and held it as his spirit fled. A crucifix had at his Grace's request _ been placed where it was directly in his line of vision, and on this his gaze rested till the last vision of this life had closed for him. The clergy present in the chamber of death, and who administered the last consolations of religion, were the Very Bev. Dean Donaghy; the Venerable Archpriest O'Meara; the Very Bev. Dr. Corbett, private secretary to his Grace; the Bev. M. Carey, of Elsterniwick; the Bev. F. Ginity, of New Zealand; and the Bev. H. Daly, S.J., of St. Patrick's College. These particulars of his Grace's last moments are brief, but he passed away so calmly that there is really little more to be said than that he was well prepared for the great change, and that his death was, indeed, holy in the sight of the Lord. HIS YOUTH AND EABLY EDUCATION. The Most Bev. Dr. Goold was a native of Cork, and was of very respectable parentage. He received his early education in that city,, and at the age usual in such cases he was accepted as a neophyte in the Order of St. Augustine. The young student spent a considerable portion of his novitiate days on the Continent of Europe, where lie advanced rapidly in his higher studies, and gave his superiors much satisfaction, the strength of his vocation becoming more evident as the trust reposed in him increased. He was ordained early in life, and not long after commenced his CABEEB IN NEW SOUTH WALES. Even now, when the circumstances of life and the labours of a priest in these colonies are very different from what they were at that period—when civilisation could hardly be said to have been introduced—it is regarded as a mark of spiritual zeal to volunteer for an Australian diocese. From the information afforded us on the subject we have reason to know that the superiors of his Order desired to retain his services in Ireland, but did not wish to oppose his ardent desire to go upon the " foreign missions." There is some uncertainty as to the precise date of Fr. Goold's arrival in New South Wales, but we believe it was in the middle of 1838 Writing for Australian readers, there is nooo casion to describe the. arduous nature of clerical duties in the early days of these colonies. It is sufficient to say that soon after his arrival his physical endurance was severely tested. He was for a time stationed at Campbellfield, and as the mission there was a very large one, he was almost constantly travelling from place to place, holding "stations" or visiting the sick. While so employed he became an expert horseman, and his fame as an equestrian spread very widely. Fr. Goold was held in very high esteem by Bishop Polding, and when the increase of population in Port Phillip called for more attention on behalf of the Catholic authorities in New South Wales, hit Lordship, suggested to the Holy See that that district should be created bishopric. The saintly Archbishop of Sydney was consulted by the Vatican as to the choice that should be made for the new diocese, and Fr. Goold was strongly recommended. His appointment followed, and he was consecrated at Sydney on 6th August, 1848, by the Most Bev. Archbishop Polding, who was assisted by the first Bishop of Adelaide (the Bight Bev. Dr. Murphy). That high honour was conferred upon Dr. Goold at the early age of 86; and it has been a very great advantage to this diocese that its first prelate was so thoroughly capable as he was of discharging episcopal duties in a country but very thinly inhabited, and as yet possessing no easy or speedy means of transit from one place to another. Almost instantly after his consecration, Dr. Goold took his departure for the POBT PHILLIP DIOCESE. It is generally supposed that the young Bishop travelled overland from Sydney on horseback, but according to an authority on the subject, the journey was made in a coach drawn by four horses. The journey occupied nineteen days, fifteen of which were spent in absolute travelling, thus giving an average of 40 miles a day, over tracks hardly cleared of their virgin forest, and crossing such elevations as the Blue Mountains and the spurs of the Strathbogie Banges. At Seymour he was met by Dr. Geoghehan, who had been administering the affairs of the District. Near to Melbourne Dr. Goold was met by a large number of Catholics, on horseback and in vehicles, and, thus escorted, he reached town the same day. The procession so formed was, in those days, a very imposing affair, and in St. Francis' Church, after offering up prayers for his safe arrival, his Lordship thanked the members of his flock who had given him such a very enthusiastic welcome at muoh personal inconveni* ence to many of them. The :New Diocese did not at that time contain many Catholics of social position or wealth, but those resident in Melbourne resolved that the installation of the new Bishop should be conducted under the most favourable circumstances possible. This ceremony took place on the 8th October, 1848, in St. Franois' Church, which was the first built in the colony, though not the first place in which the Holy Sacrifice was celebrated. This venerable old ecclesiastical building was not then what it is now, but the circumstances were made the most of, and the ceremony passed off, as described by the chroniclers of the time, " with imposing splendour and solemnity." Allusions were made to the grandeur of the Catholic ritual, and also some remarks personal to his Lordship of a most complimentary character. Sectarian feeling was not altogether unknown in those early days, but in several instances it did not influence the conduct of some of the leading Protestants of the colony. A few of these gentlemen took an early opportunity of paying their respects to his Lordship, and among the early settlers some feeling of pride was experienced that the District—as it was then called—had been considered of sufficient importance by the authorities of the Catholic Church to be constituted a diocese. The Bishop's first sermon was preached on the Sunday following his installation, and the event was of sufficient importance to more than usually crowd the sacred edifice. As people will comment upon sermons, the comments made upon the first delivered by his LordBhip were not a few, but, according to the remembrance of the few old MelbourniteB who hare survived Dr. Goold, these were highly complimentary. From his Lordship's long residence abroad in his student days he had acquired a cultivation of style and manner not then attainable in the colleges of Ireland. Hfe never at any period of his life aimed at being eloquent, but in hiB expositions he 'was always clear, terse, and cogent. His style was simple and unadorned, but, nevertheless, it was graceful at all times, and most impressive when the occasion demanded. Before his Lordship's arrival the infant settlement had the good fortune to have an able and active administrator in Dr. Geoghehan. It would be unjust to the memory of that ecclesiastic (who became Bishop of Adelaide in succession to the first prelate of that see) not to acknowledge that he laboured with great success for the promotion of Catholic interests; but, nevertheless, little more than a beginning had been made in the many works needed to constitute an effective Catholic administrative system. Nothing like adequate provision had been made for supplying priests to the outlying districts, and educational requirements were also in rather a backward state. In brief, a vast amount of work had to be performed, and it was by no means obvious how the necessary funds could be procured. It should be remembered that at the period we are speaking of no gold discoveries had been made, and the producers were few as compared with those who were dependent on that class of industry for a livelihood. Notwithstanding this good progress was made in Catholic works in the interim before the discovery of gold, and, of course, that lucky accident helped the Bishop to carry out his projeots more rapidly. These much enlarged with the sudden accession of popula tion, but the Catholic diggers among the fortunate of their class responded liberally to the calls of their Church, and there was thenceforward unusual activity in founding the necessary ecclesiastical institutions. Churches, schools, and oonvents were built in rapid succession, and -as .many additional priests as could be obtained from Europe were introduced. Chiefly with that object in view, Ms Lordship, early in his episcopacy, paid a visit to the old country, and after presenting himself to the Holy Father, went to Ireland, and there, from Maynooth College or from the religious Orders, obtained volunteers] for the Diocese of Melbourne, which then and for many years after embraced the whole colony. As a proof of his Lordship's sagacity and great power of forecasting the future, it should be mentioned that the foundations of the magnificent Cathedral, the erection of whioh is now so far advanced, were laid before the era of the gold discovery. The inrush of population in 1851-2, consequent on the discovery of gold, severely taxed the administrative skill of the Bishop, but he proved himBelf equal to the strain. Indeed, looking baok now at how much it was neoessary to accomplish, and how speedily all necessary requirementshad to be found, itseems marvel- -lous that his Lordship succeeded in overtaking the constantly growing demands.' That order was so well preserved throughout the colony at a time when the seoular authority was not represented in many places, and was everywhere inadequate to the circumstances of the case, may in no small measure be attributed to the rapidity with which the ecclesiastical administration of affairs,was enlarged through tte .earnestness and zeal of Dr. Goold. The restraining influences of religion in a large measure node up lor the deficiencies in the secular organisation of affairs, and it is not - at ftU improbable that if this had not been the case this colony would have experienced the lawlessness which in the * ~ tnerfi. J and which may be correctly attributed to th« absence „„„ance of spiritual influences at thai period on the American goldfield. But in TOoportion to the ardour of his zeai chop's great physical strength dimtowf and for that reason, when in 1876 he destined to receive a still higher reward h had aged far more than anyone could h»v! foreseen who had admired his vigour and activity when, not so many years previously he first arrived in this colony. " THE EDUCATION ACT. When the Francis Ministry announced their intention of introducing a secular system of education, and of withdraw™? grants from the denominational schools, hu Lordship, with great promptitude, took mea. sures to bring public opinion to bear in opposition to the project. His own people were of course, obedient to his instructions on the subject. They at once recognised the truth of what was told them—videlicet, that the interests of religion and morality were involved in the question, and that a blow was aimed at civil and religious liberty. They organised in defence of their position and their rights, and on their behalf, and at the instance of their chief pastor, a minster petition against the bill was presented to Parliament. HiB Lordship issued a pastoral on the subject, but all his efforts were in vain. A secular wave was sweeping over the colony at the time, and carried with it many of those who are now agitating for an amendment of the Act. Exercising bis constitutional rights, his Lordship directed his people to use the franchise in their defence, and as the interests of religion were deeply bound up in the question at issue, it cannot be said that in this case the ecclesiastic became concerned in politics with which he should not have meddled. Wishing to preserve unity in our notice, we shall here refer to a pastoral letter which created great excitement in the political world, and which embarrassed some politicians to whom his Lordship could not have been unfriendly. In connection with that matter the grave responsibility whioh rested on the chief pastor should not be overlooked. It is not to be supposed that in such a crisis expediency would he a rule of conduct with the shepherd who was charged with the care of the flock. It is unavoidable that political interest! and higher duties sometimes clash, and that the aims of friends have to be overlooked in the discharge of a sacred obligation. And it is but a narrow view of the' case to suppose that a bishop may, without negleoting his duty, be silent whenever he cannot be sue that his words of warning or counsel will be effective. There are occasions on which he must speak out, although his words, as in the case of seed, may fall on barren soil, and this was an instance of the kind. The consequences of that pastoral were unfortunate, but that certainly does not prove that his Lorddrip should not have issued it. Since that time his Lordship issued several pastorals dealing with the Education Question, but it would serve no useful purpose to refer to these letters more particularly on this occasion. RECEIVES THE PALLIUM. In 1876 his Lordship's faithful people heard with the warmest gratification that their beloved Bishop had been created an archbishop in Borne. Upon receiving information to that effect, the leading Catholics of Melbourne resolved to present his Grace with a congratulatory address. That act of homage was performed in the Cathedral, in the lio gentlemen. Other addresses "were presented at the same time and place, and his Grace, making a visitation of the archdiocese during several succeeding months, received many similar tokens of the profound respect and affection which his faithful people entertained for him. AN ATTEMPT ON THE ARCHBISHOP'S LIFE. On the 21st August, 1882, an attempt was made on the life of the Archbishop, by a man with whom, in the early days of his career, he Lad business relations, and whan he befriended on many occasions. As hiB Grace was taking walking exercise near his residence atBrighton, this individual suddenly confronted him, and after addressing him in a few words fired at him twice, wounding na Grace on one of the fingers. The Archbishop displayed, at this critical moment, much self-possession and courage,! ana immediately after the event he betrayea little or no nervousness. Nevertheless the incident must have been a severe shook to him, and in the opinion of his fnentts Ms health suffered from it. It is worthy or note as a proof of the esteem in whioh Sis Grace was universally held that the excuses put forward in palliation of the crime, ana some of which reflected on his Grace s probity, made not the slightest impression on toy section of the community, being universally discredited. The ungrateful recipient of past favours was tried for the ofience, but though there were really no extenuating circumstances in the case, he escape® with a light sentence of eighteen montM, that was altogether inadequate to j?® gravity of his transgression. As wb attack was, in the Catholio view of the case. sacrilege, it made a p r o f o u n d impression on the faithful, and at the thanksgiving offers in the Cathedral for. the happy escape ofjuw Archbishop, the sacred edifice was crowdea t>y a congregation wlio joined most fervenuy in the prayers. THE* ARCHBISHOP'S HABITS. , In the early days of his episcopal career. Dr. Goold resided at St. Francis bytery, and all the principal function THE LATE ARCHBISHOP OF MELBOURNE, TEE MOST BET. JAMES ALIPICS GOOLD, DJ>. hig office were celebrated in the adchurch, for which to his last days £ preserved a warm affection When •Melbourne he very rarely missed hearingnfessions there on Saturday evening. Even C l Tn his health had begun to fail he continued S oractice, and often in really bad weather irjs in his usual place in the confessional I -n the eastern transept. His Grace frequently limited the orphanages, convents, and other g Irtholic institutions, and, in superintending !hcmanagement of the first-named charity be- I I it was handed over to the Sisters of .y and Christian Brothers, he more than experienced not a little trouble and Home anxiety. His Grace, as may be supposed from the deep interest he always I took in Catholic education, frequently I visited the Cathedral -while instruction I in the Christian doctrine was proceeding. THE REMAINS REMOVED TO THE Hie remains, clothed in the episcopal vestments, including purple chasuble and white mitre, having been placed in a leaden coffln, were on Friday night brought in from Brighton to the private chapel at the Ptflace. Here it arrived shortly before midnight, and, with the lid removed, it remained in state till Sunday evening. Daring that time a constant stream of people visited the chapel, and so great was the faith of many in the sanctity of the late Archbishop that they touched their rosaries or crucifixes against the episcopal ring placed on his finger with the same reverence that the ceremony is pefonned with relics of canonised saints. ' The young men and students belonging to the Sodality of the Blessed Virgin Mary at St. Patrick's College chanted the Office of' the Dead both on Friday and Saturday evenings, but during the day numbers of priests and nuns from the various convents had maintained a constant watch oi prayer beside the body. THE LYING IN STATE AT THE CATHEDRAL. On Sunday afternoon at' half-past three o'clock , the coffin was u, borne -i.ii to the n-tu-j— Cathedral in solemn procession, the Right Rev. Dr. Moore being president, attended by a large number of the clergy. The supports were placed below the communion rails, and were sufficiently high to enable the coffin to be seen from all parts of the church. The black cloth of the structure was relieved with purple lace and — r*— » l— — I j Six candles were also kept burning night and round the coffin. The congregation I during the whole afternoon was very large, I and in the evening the Cathedral was densely The members of the sodality again I chanted the Vespers for the dead, the Rev. P.J.Ryan, S.J., and the Rev. J. Cahill, S.J., being the cantors. The Rosary and prayers | lor the dead were also recited. SUNDAY SERMONS. At the Cathedral, at the close of the first jospel, the Rev. P. J. Aylward ascended the pulpit, and, in a few well-chosen words, be- _ the prayers of the congregation for the repose of the soul of the departed Archbishop. He said it needed no words of his to convince them of the great claims of their late beloved. Archbishop on their sympathy and their prayers. They all knew the noble and beneficent career of the first Archbishop of Melbourne as well as he did. They were all aware of the great things he had done, and the great services he had rendered to the Church of God in this colony. They had oaty to look around to see the number of rehgiottj educational, and charitable institutions'that studded this fair city of Melbourne, and that would be long-enduring memorials °. f the zeal, the piety, and the strong Christian faith that animated the breast of the tote Archbishop of Melbourne. And the fame of his good deeds was not merely local. His name and reputation as a great bishop, and a successful administrator, were well known to the authorities in the eternal city. He (Fr. Aylward) made that statement from personal knowledge. A year and a half ago Je was in Rome, and •wherever he went he wrd the praises of the Archbishop of Melbourne, and what he had done for the M5»T of God in Australia. The noble cathedral in which they were now assembled wed its existence to the energy and en- "gMened foresight of the late Archbishop, m they would aU be pleased to hear that Permission had' been obtained from the Wonment of the country to have his mortal """--"interred within the cathedral that 1 so well. His body would thus rest it, whilst his soul would be with v, whom he served so faithfully during At the close of the Mass, Handel's "640 March" was played by the organist. t/in' Pranei s ' Church, the Ven. Archjnest O'Meara addressed a large congregan t the 10 o'clock Mass. Referring to the i of the Archbishop, he said it was his | ?„ n ! de 8 e to be present with his Grace in ""' moments, and seldom had he witnTv® more eaif ying or happy death. He j T«e niB final profession of faith with the S s t solemnity. A few minutes before his aske I ii;„ i.. for his rosary, and retained I ."m.Gtasp to his last breath. Although eJifri ho p s death was 80 ' holy and so joying, all his people should offer up their l of Ba"° nhi8 ^ehalf ' to* even the gteatest frintTi' 8 to P ass through the puri- L ,g 6tate of purgatory. 'God,'-who -was in-" finite sanctity itself, would not allow any soul to appear in His Divine Presence until purified d from even the smallest stain of sin or imperfection. In a special manner should the congregation of St. Francis' offer up their prayers _ for the late chief pastor of the Church in Victoria, for it was in St. Francis' Church that the Archbishop offered up Mass for the first time on his arrival in Melbourne, , nearly forty years ago. St. Francis' was his pro- cathedral for «„. years, —« and —^ even after he took possession of his episcopal throne in St. Patrick's, he could not tear himself away from his, first cathedral. He occupied his old confessional in St. Francis' regularly every Saturday, and he was there on the Saturday preceding his death. It was his custom for years to preach the opening sermons of Lent and the Month of Mary in St. Francis', and in a variety of ways he manifested his affection for his first Victorian cathedral. At St. Mary's, St. Kilda, the Rev. Dr. Corbett, at the 11 o'clock Mass, asked the prayers of the congregation for the repose of the late Archbishop, and preached an eloquent sermon, taking for his text the words, " And suddenly there came a sound from Heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting," etc. After lucidly explaining the descent of the Holy Ghost upon the apostles, and the spiritual power which enabled illiterate men to teach in strange and hitherto unknown tongues, the preacher reminded his hearers of the veneration due to his Holiness the Pope, the successor of the apostles, and Christ's vicar on earth, upon whom the blessing of the Holy Spirit had equally descended. By his delegation the late venerated prelate had been sent to this land 46 years ago, to gather in the sheep and guard the flock, now, alas ! for the first time, left without its shepherd. A brief sketch of the life and career of the late Archbishop was given, and reference was made to the many acts of unostentatious charity performed by him. .. Many ti mes," said Dr Corbett, " I have received large cheques from him for the j )oor ana needy, and in no instance could he i^ p reva;i e4 Upon to allow his name to be made public. When a friend put down £1400 towards the funds of the new Presentation Convent, that unknown 'friend' was the late Archbishop." Ever unwilling to appear on a public platform, he was never absent from Mass or from his duty. He had a great aversion to " popular jjriests," declaring that if a priest once became "popular," he was unfit to do his duty. Whatever remained of property after the Archbishop's many years of labour would, without doubt, shortly be found to have been devoted to charitable purposes. The preacher then, in emphatic language, alluded to a time when the Archbishop had seriously to warn his people against the attacks of an infidel Press. He (Dr. Corbett) considered that the blame of such a Press was equivalent to praise. In conclusion, the. preacher entreated the faithful to pray for the repose of the soul of the late prelate. At St. John the Baptist's, Clifton Hill, on Sunday evening, the Rev. M. P. Carroll alluded in affecting terms to the bereavemerit which the Catholic community had sustained, and after summarising the great services the late Archbishop had rendered, implored the prayers of the congregation for the repose of his soul. In other suburban churches appropriate allusion was also made to the sad event, and in Ballarat and Sandhurst, as will be seen from our correspondence, the usual prayers were secured for the departed soul. THE REQUIEM SERVICE. From a very early hour on Tuesday morning the Cathedral was visited by throngs of the faithful, anxious to pay that last tribute to their beloved pastor of offering up a prayer for the repose of his soul. The coffin rested in the same place as during the lying in state, but the seats on either side were arranged sideways, so as to form a choir for the clergy. The High Altar was draped in black, as also were the sanctuary pillars, the communion rail, and the pulpit. Long before 10 o'clock every seat was occupied except those in the Lady Altar aisle reserved for the Children of Mary belonging to the various parish churches. These were filled with 200 white-veiled devotees before another half hour had elapsed, and the members of the male Sodality.of the Blessed Virgin Mary were also in their seats a few minutes afterwards. By 11 o'clock a vast crowd occupied every inch of standing room' down the nave and aisles, and even the organ gallery was filled with people. A still greater crowd was assembled outside, and so eager was their desire to enter the church that it was with difficulty they were restrained by members of the Hibernian-Australasian Catholic Benefit Sooiety, aided by a large force of police. No disturbance, or unseemly behaviour, however, took .place; the crowd was simply pertinacious. During this time the school children were gathering, to the number of over 2500, upon the grounds in front of the Palace, where subsequently they were formed four abreast to join the funeral procession. At a quarter-past eleven the Altar boys of the Cathedral and other Melbourne churches, to the number of sixty, filed out from the Sacristy, all wearing crape bands or rosettes on their cottas, and took their usual places in the Sanctuary. Then came the clergy, numbering some hundred and twenty, headed by the cantors, the Rev. P. J. Aylward, the Rev. J. L. Hegarty, of Sale, Prior Butler, O.C.C., and the Rev. P. Fallon. These took their places in the seats on either side of the coffin, the cantors having seats facing it. Within the Sanctuary the Right Rev. Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat, took the prie-dieu and seat on the gospel side , as celebrant, and the Right Bev. Dr. Reville; coad- utor-Bi&hfrjileftf;^ndhurst,'occupied a simitfr eeat on the epistle,sida. Dr. Brownless, Vib^htooeUor-of the .University, and Mr. W. H. J Ai£ber, ! bolh.^aring the insignia of Knighti'Trf-the-Order of St. Gregory, with which they had been invested by the late Archbishop, .occupied seats on the epistle side of the Sanctuary. A number of priests who arrived from the country too late to vest in cassock and surplice were seated in the Chapel of the Sacred Heart. The prayer commencing the Office of the Dead was then recited in silence, and at its conclusion tlje first anthem, " I will Praise the Lord in the Land of the Living," rang out through the hushed building. The chanting of the psalms, the intoning for the lessons, alternating with impressive solemnity, brought a grave feeling of reverence to the most frivolous of sight-seers, and the devotion of the large bulk of the congregation was most edifying. ARRIVAL OF CARDINAL MORAN. His Eminence Cardinal Moran arrived by the Sydney express at Spencer-street Station at a quarter-past eleven, and was conveyed in the private carriage of the late Archbishop to the Palace, the police having to clear a way for it through the crowd surrounding the Cathedral. His Eminence robed in the reception-rooip, and did not enter the church until the close of the Office. THE MASS. During the pause before the commencement f the Mass, his Eminence, accompanied by the Rev. Dr. O'Haran, his private secretary, nd the Very Rev. Dean Hoyne, entered the anctuary. His commanding presence, the brilliant scarlet "robe and long train, at once attracted notice and caused a thrill of excitement. His Eminence at once proceeded to the throne, draped with black, and from the canopy of which the arms of the deceased archbishop had been removed. The Mass then commenced, the Right Rev. Dr. Moore being celebrant, Archpriest O'Meara assistant priest, Dr. Corbett deacon, the Rev. J. H. O'Connell sub-deacon, and the Very Rev. Dean Donaghy master of ceremonies, assisted by the Rev. P. Fallon. The Kyrie and Agnus Dei were sung to the Gregorian chant by the clergy in the choir, the Gloria and Credo, as usual in Requiem Masses, being omitted. The sequence, Dies Irae, was chanted before the Preface with most solemn effect, the clergy holding lighted candles, which, according to the ritual, had been distributed before the singing of the Gospel by the deacon. When the Mass was over the Rev. T. Cahill, S.J., ascended the pulpit. THE PANEGYRIC. The Rev. T. Cahill, S.J., delivered the following brief oration:—He took as his text the words from the Apocalypse of St. John— " I heard a • voice from Heaven saying, 'Blessed ardNihe dead -who- die in the Lord, from henceforth now, sayeth the Spirit, that they may rest from their labours, for their works follow them.'" He said that when the just man died, and passed to his eternal reward, they by faith heard that same voice which spoke to the evangelist, and which spoke to all those who died in the Lord. A few days ago the solemn tolling of the Cathedral bells, announcing to them that the Archbishop had passed away, recalled to mind what had been his life and his works, and they knew that he was blessed, because he died in the Lord. A few days ago the Archbishop was in their midst. True to the whole tenor of his life, he laboured^ even to the end. A few days ago he administered the Sacrament of Confirmation to a large number of children. Five days before his death penitents knelt at his feet in the holy tribunal, and on next Sunday he had arranged to bless an addition to a church, so that he died doing his duty to God, and serving the people of God. He died in the Lord piously, and with perfect resignation to the Divine will. His will was, in all things, united to the Divine will. Hence, when it was announced to him that his la6t hour had come, his spirit was not disturbed; he looked calmly, peaceably, cheerfully at that which was coming. Like the humblest Catholic, he confessed his sins and received the holy Viaticum. He placed his hands on the Gospels, and made again that solemnprofession of faith which he made on the day on which he was consecrated- Bishop,. and could say as he touched the sacred book, have kept the faith during life; I adhere to it in death," and then holding his hand on the rosary of the most Holy Virgin, dying under the shadow of her protection, witjh _ his eyes fixed on the image of his crucified Redeemer, he passed away. How blessed was his death, and how it consoled them for the loss they had sustained. Would that he (the speaker) were permitted to pass through in detail the history of the life of the Archbishop—to describe his childhood, his youth, his abandonment'-of the world, his leaving all things to follow Jesus Christ in the holy Order of St. Augustine. But it'was only permitted him to address to them a few words He invited them to take themselves in spirit to the side of the grave which was open to receive the remains of the Archbishop, and to look back on those works which, as the angel assured the evangelist, followed the just man when he died. Let them look back on the past, and compare the Catholic Church in Victoria to-day with the Catholic Church as the Archbishop found it when,;on the Feagt of St. Francis, 1848, he undertook the government of the diocese. When the Archbishop came here where was his flock ? There were a- few hundred Catholics.. If they cast their eyes around what did they see? They saw a vast forest, not trodden by, the feet of civilised man; where the.sound of he axe of the settler had never been heard, nd where the soil had never been called pon to yield to man the fruits of his labour. he Archbishop entered into that forest; he ravelled from the river which formed its orthern boundary to the southern ocean;' e passed from west to east; he visited very ^hamlet throughout the colony. And hat was the result 1 Accompanied by a few f those ministers of God who co-operated ith him in his labours, the Archbishop arked out the site of the future Catholic hurch, and of the future Catholic school. fter some years he invited as sharers of his abours the members of two Religious Orders —one of them the most ancient Order in the Catholic Church—whose duty it was, by their pure, white habit, and by their holy word, to draw the hearts of the faithful to love the Immaculate Virgin; and the other, one of the youngest Orders of the Church, which it was to be hoped would ever labour as it had done in the past for the glory of God. The Archbishop welcomed other Religious Orders to the diocese, and their presence here was due to his zeal and piety. The last of these Orders introduced by the late Archbishop was the Little Sisters of the' Poor, who had already done so much in Melbourne in the cause of practical charity. His work prospered, and he handed over a flock of perhaps 150,000 Catholics to be governed, not by hia successor [alone, but by other worthy successors of the apostles, for when he found that the Church had grown to such dimensions he went to the Vicar of Christ and implored his Holiness to relieve him of a portion of his responsibility. The result was the establishment of two new dioceses. Should he speak of the zeal of the Archbishop for the salvation of souls, especially the souls of children, manifested by the many words which he addressed to them, and by the many warnings which he gave of the dangers of secular education? They knew how he opposed from its introduction the present secular system; how lie; protested against the iniquity of that system; how faithfully he interpreted to them the solemn decisions of the Vicar of Christ, who had declared to them the dangers of that system which no Catholic could accept. The Archbishop protested so strongly because he was their pastor, and was responsible to God for the souls of their children, and because he had confidence in the justice of those who differed from them in religious belief. The Archbishop did not look upon those protests as protests like to those of the martyrs, who, when protesting against iniquity, died with out any present hope of relief. No; he believed that one day his protests would be effectual; he looked forward to the happy day when the conscience of Catholics should be respected, and when that which they so justly, demanded should be granted to them. Did he hope in vain ? . No; they could riot belieye it. In Germany, for the last 14 ot 15 years., a bitter contest had taken place, which seemed at one time to be lost to the Catholic Church for ever.. But they had heard that the struggle had come to an end. They read that the Chancellor of the great German Empire had declared that the contest on, which he-entered against spiritual influences had failed, and that he now invited Christian princes and peoples to gather around the chair of St. Peter and of the Vicar of Christ for the maintenance and conservation of those'principles which would bid them in the future to combat successfully anarchy and socialism. If that gigantic contest had oome to an end, were they in Victoria to despair? No ; better principles would prevail. He was assured they would be faithful to the lessons they had learnt from the Archbishop, and would persevere in their zeal for the atholic Faith. It was consoling to look, at he acts of the life of the Archbishop ; but it as more than consoling to look at their ruits, which he found in the faith, the piety, nd the good works of the Catholic people, nd in the noble' edifices which graced he Catholic Church-of Victoria. That magificent Cathedral was .a glorious monument o the zeal and piety of the Archbishop, and t was a consoling reflection to think that hia emains would rest beneath the shadow of hat temple which he loved so well. For this avour they were most deeply grateful to he civil authorities, who had so graciously ranted their consent. The thoughts of the rchbishop might at that - moment be turned o his flock. It might be that he was yet uffering, for the justice of God was very evere, and nothing defiled could enter inVj is Presence. - He urged his hearers to pr, ay or the soul of the Archbishop, and each 'jine hey thought of him, 'with all the ferr 0Uji 0f heir souls to iaddres's this supplication to he Redeenier, ^"Eternal rest grai>' c 'to him h, Lord 1 arid may perpetual light, gj^g ^on him. 1 THE ABSOLtJTj.ON. The sermon concluded, bja Eminence the Cardinal was vested! with a Black cope and plain white silk mitre, "and followed by the ight Rev. Dr. Moore a»ad the Right Rev. Dr. Reville, wearing simi] ar Te3tments, he proceeded to the foot of the coffin. Therejhe ronounced the .^prayers and absolution, sprinkling the coffin with holy water, aad waving the inoenBe thurible around Sit, according to the ritual. The Right Rev. 3Dr. Moore, the Right Rev. Dr. Reville, and Arohpriest O'Meara each repeated the suae rityiaL THE PROCESSION. : j .. The coffin was then raised by six members f the Hibernian-Australasian Benefit Society, nd bomg ]to. the. hearse at the main entrance o the Cathedral.The^eeene at this moment as an extraordinary, one. The congregation ere; pa^ketC.together, aU st^nding, on i&e; eats and on^i^d^li^^ ^es^fet so denae'was the throng, and BO silent and respectful their demeanour, that there seemed nothing irreverent in the proceeding. The prooession, headed by the Children of Mary, wended slowly out at the door, the clergy again chanting the Dies Irae as they ' went, holding lighted candles. Ho banners were used—only the simple processional cross. In the street they were preceded by the school children and members of societies, who filed out from the Palace gates. The members of the Hibernian Society kept part of the way, and the police, both mounted and on foot, maintained order amongst the immense crowd that lined the route round the block of buildings formed by -the Palace, Jesuit College, and Cathedral. The hearse was drawn up at the entrance to the Palace, and there the coffin was again placed on the shoulders of the members of the Hibernian Society, and a velvet pall was placed over it, the cords of which were held by the Very Eev. Dean Donaghy, the Very Rev. Dean England, the Very Kev. Archdeacon Slattery, the Very Eev. Prior Butler, O.C.C., the Very Bev. Archpriest O'Meara, the Very Eev. Dean Geoghehan, and the Very Eev. Dean Hoyne. THE INTERMENT. The unfinished portion of the Cathedra had been kept clear of all people, and after the children bad passed straight across the transept the rest of the procession grouped around the grave in the All Souls' Chapel, behind the chancel, in the north-west corner of the building. Here his Eminence blessed the vault, and after the final absolution was pronounced the coffin was lowered to its resting place by eight members of the Hibernian Society. The clergy then retired to the Sacristy, chanting the Be Pro fundi t. THE CLERGY PEESENT. The following clergymen were present at the ceremonial -.—Very Bev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, V.G.; Very Eev. Dr.O'Haran, Sydney; Very Eev. Dean Hoyne, V.G.; Very Rev. Dean Donaghy; Venerable Archpriest O'Meara; Very Eev. Dean England; Very Rev. Dean Geoghehan; Very Eev. Dean O'Driscoll; Very Eev. J. O'Dowd; Very Eev. Dean O'Hea; Very Eev. Dean Tierney; Venerable Archdeacon Slattery, D.D.; Very Eev. A. Sturzo, S.J.; Very Rev. Prior Butler, D.D., O.C.C.; Very Rev. Dr. Corbett, V.P.; Very Rev. J. Dunne, V.F., Albury; Very Rev. M. Farrelly, V.F.; Very Bev. C. Nulty, S.J.; Very Bev. J. Eyan, S.J.; Very Rev. J. L. Hegarty, V.F.; Rev. H. Allen, O.S.A.; P. J. Aylward; Byrne, O.O.C., Gawler, S.A.; M.Brady; G.Byrne; T. Cahill, S..T.; M. Carey; M. P. Carroll; J. Carroll; B. Collins; H. Daly, S.J.; 0. Daly, S.J.; J. Fitzgerald; P. Fallon; M. Gongh; J. Graber, D.D.; J. Grant|; J. Gallivan; M. Hayes; J. Heflernan; D. Horan ; W. Hartnett; E. Hennessy; W. Hughes, S.J.; J. Kennedy, S.J.; J. Mulhall, S.J.; F. Murphy, S.J.; M. Murphy; D. Murphy; P. M'Gee; M. M'Kenna; M. M'Kernan; D. Nelan ; H. O'Callaghan; D. O'Callaghan; J. H. O'Connell; P. O'Flynn; A. Eyan ; M. Ryan; W. Quilter; W. Quirk; P. Shaffrey, O.C.C.; C.Sheahan; D.Verlin; P. Walsh; M. Watson; J. R. Meade; M. Nelan; M. Shanahan; P. Kearns ; M. Kennedy; S. Barry; F. Ginity; and the Bev. . PfofesBOr Delaney. THE CLOSING OF THE TOMB. The people crowded round the grave for gotoe time after the clergy had left, and then, as the crowd got thinner, the_ masons came to close the top of the tomb with large stone ilahs, whioh were lowered into position ' by taokle already fixed. Charcoal was spread over the bottom of the ltomb to absorb any moisture, and the cement closed it hermetically. This was finished before dark, and all that marks, lor the present, the spot where the first archbishop lies is a little fresh-turned earth. FLORAL TRIBUTES. A great variety of floral tributes to the memory of the deoeased prelate were received at the Cathedral, and on some of these considerable artistio skill and much good taste had been expended. Offerings of the kind were so numerous that it was considered inadvisable to bring them all into the church. Among those placed in proximity to the bier were two icrosses and a wreath of flowers from the Sisters of Mercy, Nicholson-street, a community in which his Grace always evinced a special interest, and no doubt because it was the first conventual house established in Victoria, and the late reverend mother was one of the Archbishop's oldest friends in the colony. Another excedingly handsome wreath was one which had been sent in by the Presentation Nuns of the Sacred Heart Convent, St. Kilda. There was also a beautiful wreath from the Catholics of South Melbourne. The centre was filled in with purple velvet, on whioh, in solid silver letters, was the inscription:—"In Memoriam: SS. Peter and Paul's, Emerald Hill." HIS LAST DAYS ON EAETH. His Grace, battling against the effects of feeble health and declining powers, took no rest up to the time complete prostration rendered v-him incapable of further exertion. Only i '"Very latdy he disohargeda sacred function at v Footsoray, and replied with customary impressivenesB and perspicuity to an address which was presented to him by the Catholics ot the district. On Ascension " Sunday he administered the Sacrament of Confirmation at Bacchus Marsh. The yenetable prelate visited the Presentation Con- 6th \- i-ttgef-St. -"BMii"- <» >litfdi &viha;'6d great- "interest in the af- Though Satur- day evening, the 5th inst., was cold and damp, he was, as usual, in the oonfessional at 8t. Francis' Church. Indeed, it may be truly said of the deceased prelate that up to the very last moment he was capable of discharging His functions as priest or bishop he continued to do so. The direction of the ceremony devolved ohiefiy upon the Very Rev. DeanDonaghy and theRov. P. J. Aylward, and they performed their difficult task very successfully, under most trying circumstances. 'The members of the Hibernian-Australasian Catholic^ Benefit Society deserve special praise for their heavy duties, and Mr. Daly, who was the undertaker, also performed his task with commendable attention. 