And love thBt are wasted here. • —Ella Wheeler Wilcox. CAR M ELI II E :/; THE OQ^mrs miBB A ROMANCE OF ENGLAND AND AOSTRALJA. FOUNDED ON FACT. CHAl'TIili iv". (Continued.) By F R A N C I S A . D U R I F A G B , AUTHOB OF •• "l'lic IirollM-r's Sccrcl," "a tost life," "I oaleiro.v," .tc. ' "Indeed I" she exclaimed, with visible emotion. •'Yes,'' lis continued: "I shall not see that fsiriaoe for many a long day.!' "If yon are detaining me to repeat compliments I must leave you," she said; "Ihaeisno oomman-pl&ce; gallantry," he imowered, "though you have chosen to treat it as such. I love you with the wliola loroe of mysoal," "l'ot report says, my lord, that you led a mid hie in London.' " I did. I plunged into dissipation to try, to forget you." "And you are going way to try the same remedy again?" "Not so, by heaven! My love lor yon has purified my nature. I will never again do anything that yon would disapprove, for I love you—love you as muoh as youhate me," "Hate you—you, I" she cried, and sheraised her beautiful eyes to heaven as she spoke. '•How oan you be so cruel 1 Alas I -whathave Isaid?" ' "-.-. . ' -.. ••• • "Do I really hear aright?" cried Lord Herbert, seizing her hand, "Is it possible that you do not spurn- me—that you give mehope?" • . - . , : Jeannette withdrew her hand. " I give you no hope,'' ehe said.: " I only, ask you to let me go—to pity me. Farewell'!; farewell forever 1 If yon have any regardto me, you will grant ma one boon—/oj^et: vie.'' - - - ' •: • --:-:.;•- '•.Forget you 1" he echoed,--and was pro-' needing to declare the otter impossibility of obeying her, but Bhe was gone, speeding toward the hall at a- rate that lorbade pursuit, even if he had attempted to follow her flying footsteps. . The next day he was on his way to London with Graves, thence to Folkestone, and midnight found them tossing on the channel, in company with a number of other travelling Victims. - •• :-.'•-. "Me lad," said Graves, in an interval of pause from the agonies of sea- sickness, *"ad Ihantieipated BUoh'ortors as this, I should have presumed to haclviBe going to the Contiocathy land." . ' ; . •••.-,-:< Poor Graves' geographical knowledge was extremely limited. - They arrived in Paris at a critical moment, louis PbiUippe in his dotage had defied the popular will, and a political volcano was on the eve ot explosion. Lord Herbert had lead the signs of the coming convulsion, hut poor Graves, happily ignorant of French; vine unaware that thevatmosphere was. so electrical. • .... . He was waiting orders in his master's partorjone evening/ Travelling in company, the formal intercourse of master andmanhad vieMed to something like the familiarity tolelated on the Continent. -:•• "Mo lud," said Graves,- 11 there seems to ba some land of a row going on in the ttaets." • " v ' • ••:•-• .•• "Yes; a very nnoomaon kind of arow." "A largo number of peopleareeinging eomflthink or other." •'. - "•-;• "•Tiic Sfgrsellaise." . • : - -..:. "Hand I perceive," flontinned "Graves, 11 a aomber of persons withtorches ihesoorting a, cart m which there are bodies. There must 'svebeen some kind of a haccident—a 'ouse tumbling down,per'-aps.'i.-i,'«: ' You are right,'? replied' Lord Herbert i "and the building thatiasfaHenjOr is falling, u the Boyal house of Erance/' " Amazing 1" exclaimed Graves, not at all following his masters drift. Just then there oaine .a fettling crash ia Graves jumped, ^ .' I beg pardon, me lud; but what waste" t r 1 Musketry " "And that?' 1 screamed the terrified lackey, M a deeper detonation shook the window. . psnep '.Cannon. Load my pistols. We'll go t(W" town into the street andtake a hand in this " Me ludl me lud 1' oried theterrified-flun- «y," if you'd only hexcuse myservioeson. . 'hiBhoccaEion " Be bert^^ plEto!s ' blockhead," cried Lord Iwenty minutes afterwards,« Milord Aug. '««, warmly welcomedbythsaevolntionistsj ™ s "gating on a barricade—for 3net then he I™ a Btofessea hberal-and Gravea. anore mi than alive, loading his cavalry pistols gam as his.trembling hands would $®rmit , "^y Jove!" said Lord Herbert, as he .woueht down;a royal curassior tremjiia ^ddle <• this is what I call 'Seal l'Ufiin t^tovdeand adventures of Sord'Her- Knightly during a yete.iheiune allotted ™ Msmce, have no hearing onjhe anope- 5ka, CBt m > _ At first.the tone of his letters to hia mother indjeated to that keen sighted woman that he was ill at ease, and it -was evident that he was.seeking all sorts of excitements as:an anodyne for restlessness. - ..-'•• . , . - Very soon, however, ha wrote in hist spirits,_and4he couatesB. felt; oertain that he was radicauy cured of his fancy for Jeannette, He was presented at various foreign courts, and wrote home long letters.ahout the ladies f e m e t m sDDietj. • Fxom Vienna'he iwrote, There arc many lovely woman hero, but were. Lady Fanny Westover at court, «he woold outmme them a?2." ' - This opinion ;was communicated" to the Enghsh beauty, and she thought *' perhaps the man loved me a little after all," > .Still, on the-evfi o! his return,.the oountess thought it best to give Jeannette aa indefinite 1 leave of sbsenoe, supplying her .place in the interim. 7- "f „ h . 0 I>? ,'0 reo&Il; -you . very soon, W cnud, -said the countess, tandly, as the' eiri 6 was leaving. . ^iord Herbert received a :»arm 'welaome at J ™ 4 HaU., He,Vfas the picture of ruddy health. Long pedestrian; tramps' in Bwitrerland,- boar-huating in the German forests, boating on the Dannbe, haS developed his muscloa .and strengthened .hia coristitation. It was ajoqngjathiete who grasped the earl's hand and threw iis arm wound his mother^ waiBt, The day after his return-lie notioed, ap patently for the-first time, the absence of Jeannette,and commented on itwith the utmost indifEerenoe. - * ^ " Dp yon know, mother,". he Baid. with a light laujghi "thai 1= once thonght^heiia^as wonderfully pretty.- Seeing the smart i"»noh servants,,though, spoUs one for thick English waists and ankles " If the oountess was delighted to find? that her boy came back heart-whole; the -e&rl; was; equally pleased when he found that, instead of overdrawing his account' he• iad brought back a handsome snm, notwithstanding the extent ol&is; travels and the duration of his ";Do you .ieow,' father," said the young man, .'• that the.examplG'of the foreign jiobihty teaohes one to economize? : Lavish expenditure, with them, is a-mark of horrible vulgarity. In Franoe .and-Germany wa try to find how much pleasure we oan secure for a little money i here, how much money we can spend on a little pleasure " One important change in Lord Herbert's domestio arrangements had taken place. Mr. Graves iad left his service to accept the' place as .head-waiter in aiSwiss Hotel.' His place had been supplied by a French valets- Mr. E ogene Ls Pleur—a keen, black-eyed fellow, very Bharp and very polite, speaking three or four languages besides his own, lor he bad been a traveJiiDg conrier. - A lew days after Lord Herbert's return he started off on a. little domestic-tour, after which he was to settle dotra in London to read law. - . Before he left the hall, his lather. annonnced to him that he had settled his yearly allowance for the future, and named a sum so magmfioent as to. surprise ihe heir of 1 Elwood. - . Soon after leaving the hall, Lord Herbert gave certain minute instructions to his confi- . dential valet, and they parted company, the young nobleman pursuing his journey alone in :a post- chaise, his oouree lying through the northern counties. It wasithe dusk of evening, and a young girl was seated in a private parlor of a small inn in a northern post-town. She -was very plainly dressed but her beauty,as the opposite mirror assured her, stood in need ol no adornment. .She was evidently. expecting some one,- for from time to time she consulted' a little, Geneva watch which hung at her waist with igns of impatience. At .'last her keen ear de-. tected a: step on the stair, then nearer in the; ual? athe door was Hung open; a young man rushed, forward, folded her in his arms, kissed her cheeks, iips, and forehead and extlaimed: " .Teannette I my own I my darling 1" •"Herbert 1 my lovel .mylifel" . - " Is this not a dream ?' cried the happy young taan, as he seated himself beside -her and clasped her hands. " Yon not - mv letter?" : " I .wear it on my heart," ahe -whispered ; " and l ean repeat every word of it." ; : " A.nd you consent?" • > •: " I am wholly yours, Herbert." I ;only «Bk for one:jear of aeorecy and se-i chieiort. At Ihe end of that-tame l- will avow? our nmon in the lace of the. world; come what /may. Yon : are more to .jne ihazi, father, another,-fortune, rank,: I have counted the minutes of my absence." Muoh more he said-in the same strain, and' there wasAconvinemgisincerity. in the tone as -well as the words Lord . Herbert Knightly and Jeannette, Wilson had ,corresponded secretly.during the' whole period of the former's absence. His first tetter had remained unanswered a long time, and expectation , h&diintensified; his passion. . Then her-oool, dilatory reply hadproduaed'wa'Tmer protestations on-^is* part i an offer of marriage, which -waa rejected ; dispairmgcrejomder, and then an acceptance on the part of Jeannette, provided : the offer was Tenewed at the expiration of a year. 1 f j in theanterim,'lie changed-his mind,"and she Ooi)Saiued-to implore him to forgec her, ;thfn him -from every pledge and-would return all Ms letters. I 'Heliad proved constant lid Ms attachment, ana'howalaimedthe'resaltofhia.'fidelity.- 7eannette had already mitten to the oountess,ihanldng4ier ;for past iindhesses, but declining to *eturn;to®Iwood'Htdif This; wasasort of«ta6it confession- ot an -interest in- theiyonng&eir.;'whioh it'was-^er duty =to; snppreas. -Shedidnot.Eend theioounteasier address. - iord Herbert was determined to -make assuranee doubly suie. He might still "be -snspeoted and watched^ »nd he determined it otice t o hsl&e; tamily interference. -A postchaise was at the door, -and the youig couple entered it. Ita Heur iad 'beenidispatoheU in advance to secure -relays of horses along the northern road.'ancLjoined thepair at the last, station on the south of the northern English; frontier. The postillions ^[rove afl -if iheir employer ; .was pursued; thongh there was no shadow of5 danger. . LorfHerliert did not draw a free breath until Carlisle was left behind, and glad fenoagh : iie:, v&en;^ Macksmith'^»liopanv,Gretna.<}recni'then;ithe great rendezvous of eloping couples. The blackemith had a licence to tidleaptee marriages, and no preliminary formalities were: requisite in Scotland. The altar was an anvH—the officiating priest <a grimy fon of Vulc3n. fortunately he never claimed the privilege of «atotrag "brides >, all ie oared lor was the lee. In this case it teas liberal. The Mactamith furnished a certificate—the legal marriage of Herbert Knightly and Jeannette WjIsdp, andLaHeur endorsed it as a witness, ^tthe bridegroom; :gav6 this importantdocument^tothefteeping. -ofthelride, , Theyleft Gretna Green man andviie • and; their Tionejmoon'began with'fleception. Ee- Jurning 'io IiOBdon-Jiy uribeqnfented ioads, they were registered atMl'theirliiltingplafcesI as Captain and Mrs. James Morton. ? Ji was as M m . Softotv -and mot as.Lady "knightly,"that ihelijade iooijossefesion Sal an ""elegant little furnished hohse in St 33hn'a Wood,J> district in the north-western $art of London. ' At flat she jras daizlediAd'deTighted with feeSlegaye^ the •'iiiBtoc&tic; ijoij^ord; to furnishing it, and the man's Parisinn ' IE??® 51 ? 3 achieved wonders. A coupe and were at her disposal—Sie hail ! servants at command—sh® was told she tii>»S ' not economize in her expenditures 4 But, after all, this was a cage, though fl I gilded one. Her husband could onlv visit i her by stealth. She could not make aran»VnJ 1 ancee-and, indeed, the character rf the neighborhood was rather dubious. When ™la veiled 0<Je Sho o? Tnnot tbe tbe sbe sbe ^ aast be closely veiiea. sue must observe constant aast be -nreeaii. closely ' ^ Thoogh a married woman, sC wa to lead tbe hie of a cloistered nnn. Dnnna Sii 3ng . weat y ab eneos, she could not b! hor hll ^sband was passing his to temptafaoas he might beexposed •ii? ffl^ai wa6^e. rs - She loved him jjersoh- „'- V r^li 0 y e f l A ya«wofld-soon a l &^ i a l 2l ° the world with her heanty, vindicating her right to move among pee£ esses-to be presented at court. Bright dreams, poor little Jeannette 1 ' .»£? a « ber m 17 . aea I0m ance in her poflitioa after all. To be treated asthelairy of this domestic establishment—to be potted, loved, adored—-it was rapturous 1 The .honeymoon was prolonged, and for months Iiora Herbert did not seem "for » umglo moment to ftgret the step he haa taken. So the beautilulitcluse of St John's Wood Terrace was perfeotly happy. CHAPTER VI, \- . -lBOUBEH, • " . : From the moment -when Jeannette broke Wild Kate at Elwood Hall, she-had conceived •a passion for eguestnaneacrcise. "Every fair day ehe rode in Hyde -Eark, followed at a respectful distance by.a mounted groom. Though her face was hidcea with a thick veil, stillthe clsganca of lifr symmetrical form and the daring etyle of hor riding soon attracted attention. .Dandy guardsmen and, old tubmen began to enquire-after the feminine enigma. : The-groom was questioned, cash inihapd, but he was mute as the sphinx. Some-,daring young men .tracked 7 Iier To'-St. John'B Wood Terrace, and there learned that it was a Mrs, -Morton wto inl ftbited the elegant little bird-cage .in the centre of the block. But the neighboring tradespeople were not communicative about her ^ al> her bille were punctually paid, and that was enough lor them. She -never made Wourchases personally. The fairsqueetnenne became the talk of *. Rotten Row.-. Why did she always vell:her face 1 Some said ehe was deeply pitted with, the small-pox; others that she was a colored woman; all sorts of rumors were .flying In the air. . Even Queen Victoria one day raised her eye-glass to her as she passed her in the park. Sir Lionel Lincoln, of the Carleton, made a bet that he would speak to the Anonymaja&d; even make her hit her veil. = Primed with champagne, he rode up to her one day, and accosted her. " A fine day, madam." . . Jeannette tooTrno^notice iof his remark,but touched her hay mare with the whip. ; The lugh-spinted a»imal bounaed forward, ibut the insolent cavalier kept at her bridle rein. He 1 glanced round and Haw ,-tliat a group of : his leUow-dandies were watching ;him. One part of his bet he had already won—he had spoken to the iadyr; but he had eworn to lift. • the veil,-. It-floated withm-reaoh.of his hand" and he dared to grasp it. White with' passion Jeannette turned in j- her .saddle andvhfting iie£.-iidingrwjup.-dealt-! the haronet a severe cut across the face For one moment her own beautiful coun-, tenanoe was revealed; v The. next instant she :] had again shrouded itj ' and: was galloping*, away followed closely by her groom-. She did not intend to mention, this, occuranos to ier-husband, Bimply:resolviDgto®ve up her favorite exercise. ;But-the groom imparted ber secret to Lord Herbert, -or rather to Captain Morton, as they all called their, employer. You have been insulted to-day; Jeannette,'f said his lordship, "I will avenge you" 5 '- " I have avenged myself; -Herbert. The,, .wretch will carry the mark of my whip ior t, : a fortnight, andil have made him tlie laughing-stock of his fellows." « But imust have-my revengei"-said Lord;; Herbert, darkly. " No man shall insult my wife and Jive." •*' How wiil .you compass it ?- Are yon -ready-; tosoknowledge that liam-your-wife?"- .. : " Not yet j but ! can quarrel with him on : some other pretence—jight him—" ^'.Perhaps fall- and -leave-.me alone-in;the' world. :No, no;- Herbert, you "love me too well for that; There is but one way to' end these difficulties ; present-me to'your lather. • as your wife; proclaim to the world who and what I am " " Yon forget that our secret was to he kept^ for a year ' "I agreed toihaty-dearest.;shut why notanticipate the avowal?'- 1 ".Do not press mo," replied Lord Herbert, gloomily. " I am not ready yet." . •., At that: moment an altercation waa heard" in - the lower hall,; and a-iarsh voice exclaimed. "I must and will see the lady of the house. 1 ' , f'Lat me go down," said: Jeannette,turning pale, . Some importunate beggar ; I will Boon get rid of him." " " But the man seems to be insolent." I can deal with him, dearest; I entreat yon to let me manage this." She ran down stairs. A shabby roughiooking ;man who had iorced Jiis way past vthe-iaokey, stoodiiolding,theiiseryant; ~by-thei' collar. .':The moment he saw Jeannette, he said,.in a familiar tone; ,, '•Call jour cur off. He pretended that 1 had 110 right to enter ymn iouse. 1 ' , "He comes on husiness, George," said Jeannette to the wondering servant. You can leave us." She was pale "as death, and so agitated that she could not speak, hut she beckoned the strange visitor into a side -room and -mtitely invited him to take a feat. 1 Yo il Vpt vc ircplf ccnliundcd secret i'oflate,'Jeanijgtte."said-.the:mani-4oowliiigat Sierrf'Thought youM throwime off the .scent,- eh? But I-was standing by the park rail- ;ings41iis afternoon,-ond^iiaughtia glimpse,'jof?: -yourfacQwhileyon-waB-hawasarow^ithr .yDurieau-afad.euttinglimaffiosBjthoeyeB.-'f " Yon saw me chastising a villain 3" " I saw what I saw. Well, you seem toiie comfortably settled here—quite the lady. A Hae iouse—fine olothea—while I—' He looked down at his shabby garments, and uttered something like a-snarl nt rage. "I was not-aware" that you were in distress," said Jeannette who was trembling violently " I am sure I am ready to assist you," snd she placed her purse in his "I velear^-fhe-paison siyS'the wages oi "sin '5s Tieath,'' pSia the inan^ weighing the purse ih his hamfand ^loating-ori'the guineas MP ,_ette?" ^ _ Jf I do not nnderstafid-yon," answered Jian- ^ " Why, iow : do^on't>omBl)y these luxuries "thai sm round, 'you 3 ?! "What are jou ^oing here ? Mlndjl don't come1iere5to;,Hame yoo, •iut to ' n " " 1 am-helei 1 ' iej)lied'feannette,""•because teed^bisIiQS^t'jme.s J j > am aurrouaa e d by luxuiies because my hus ba n d is generous." " 1 Bhoui, 2 l l L e to,ent "my eyes upon that seneroua chap," eaia the man,with a drunken: Very well, sir, you can do it," said Lord P e t b a , t < ^ t e n n g the room "I am this iady'sJausband-Ca^tam James Morion " . dear -hrothSr-in-law," said. tho"in-S truder, offering iim a dirty " hand, " I am happyio raake jour acquaintance: 1 ' .-.LordHerberthenfsan Kan lDquiting:lookoii'hi8 Inquiting:! : Wife. <, -• " This is m y , b r o t h e r Thomas.'' she said;- oasting down her; eyes—" the only relative I have 011 earth " " I've had hard luck, eaplam," said Mr. Thomas Wilson, throwing- himself m • a damask chairbut I am a gentleman, every .inch 1"; and he clinched the assertion with an' 1 •oath. "I'jn a.]a6k-o!-:all-tradeE,'but I never, could make both ends meet. As I-before remarked, I'm: very £lad-to make your acquaint- :.ance,.-and—and^r-and- wish you many returns' of the ,same...-happy..:BcoasIoni - For three weeks, my dear sit, I .haven't known where : , to lay my:head;, nowj l supposs you've got a- room and bed at my service here." Lsrd.Harhert signaled sto :his : wife' to- leave-. ..them jiioce, and shegaickly -withdrew.-•'• :-v •'! There,is- no room ior' .yon^ here;" said Lord Herbert. - firmly, ; " Whan X -married your sister I was not aware of jour existence. . -When,I married your swter, I had no idea: of .endorsing her. family. This is my house;Md I; m ue 14el] -yoa, fiir. .that its doors will be shut : against you. Why, you can - well lmagme.! You must:have .been begging money ol your siftfr, I suppose. ••• ,:•--• .....-, " No, captain—a gentleman: cannot oondescend to : beg ; bnt she. very, politely re- ' quested me, to accept this trifle," and he'held : •up the well .filled Jurse Jeannetteiad given him "Very well,'.' .said Lard Herbert, " I will add to .the amount.;; Here is a twenty-pound mote... Now. y.ou .are m funds. -. Get yourself, ^decent clothes, and look'out for some honest cmnloyment. I see .the rook jou stumble on . is intemperance. Avoid it.- What I give you -ls-.burdened with this condition—that . you are not to annoy your sister by coming here. If you violate the agreement, I shall know bow to punishyou." ' . ' - While Lord: Herbert was speaking Wilson; iwas scanning him from: head to "foot, as- if imprinting every, lineament on his'memory. •.: " Very good, captain," he said, at last. "Hand me over the iimmj—I accept the terms./, I will never,call here without your permission. I will get -myself .a decent rigout, and the rest of the money shall be— judiciously invested, I will do no. discredit to my genteel brother-in-law. Sorry my engagements will not permit me to stay and take supper with you. My-compliments to my sister!-- du rcvoir, captain. - We shall certainly meet again." . . . -•..-:•:: -:. . " Heaven forbid 1 • thought Lord .Herbert,, as be bowed, the vagabond-out of the house- , "I have got Tid- of him," said &e.; as he; rejoined his wife. . ".He will not trouble you again." The name: of Thomas Wilson was not again mentioned between them, -and -Lord Herbert had almost forgotten him; when, strolling one afternoon through -Bagent 1 street, he cams uponan individual dressed in the extreme of; fashion, with a glass stuck: in his eye and a .lavender kid glove on the hand which twirled a little cane. ; ."Ah.l Captain Morton, delighted to meet you 1'' exolaimed this exquisite; who was no other than Thomas Wilson, as lie extended his hand. 1 . -: ' Had: Lord Herbert been atone "he might ; have responded, but as ho was walking with a young guardsman, he . replied, freezingiy 1 "611, you -are mistatanv tl haven't the: honor of knowing you." :^Ah;J; indeed,''said MrvWiisoa.staringiat 1am : through his glass. * «:Not Captain Morton! -whom . then :hava;:-l::.ihe -supreme pleasure m .-addressiag?" ^sjs t-. -. Bat Lord Herbertftand. ids' friend - had already passed on. ^' Siiling iunder-ialse colors, ch.?" thought Wilson. "Not Captain Morton ! ,. There's double-dealing .here. But I'll find out who. and what yon are, or-.my name's not Tom Wilson." And he turned and stealthily .followed the ! young nobleman and his companion. CHAPTER VII. THE GBAVE ISO THE AMiH, - ' : Months, rolled; on,. AtiflrBt -.-not ,a .-day passed . without Lord Herbert: visiting his wife. Then came mtarvals-o! absence, during wbieb he did not even write. ' : Of course -Jeannctto -Imew he waa obliged -to-keep up appearanoas,: to -study,- to- show ! himseli in society,- to ivisit:- his ..-home, vBu14hen''- Jiis manner ohanged. He uas ao longer -im- He was often oold and constrained,' moody and silent. : She- would not>think 'at"first ? that he was growing weary of -her;-but by oegrees -the conviction-forced itself upon: her;-: and preyed upon her very soul. Her cheek grew pale, -her eye aim. her beauty fades.: - Fatal change 1. for-beauty -and. -tendercess " wero her only -weapons. . She lacked the aa- : comphshments and ibc graces which- are the birthright -of aristocratic ladies,-and if her ; humble charms should desert her,:she had no ; hold on the heart of the man who had stoopod irom his high .station to wed her. Lord Herbert Knightly had indeed failed m- more than one::reapeet.-- : He had-iirok«n his pledge to his lather -not to gamble, and ieihadagain'-exoeedediie liberal .allowance. ' He had debts aod dun= »>*HiS'ieStablisbment"in. ; 1'St.s-John'«:.iWco-d' Terrace folt,the.effects.of3us embarrassments,,' He alleged to Jeannette unfortunate speculations as the .reason for cutailmghis domestio axpensesf-and she- cheerfully saw'horses and . carriages sold, grooms dismissed, and the household reduced „to a meagre minimum . &ut;?itgwas ihard'toliave to^ressherhusbandv, iifor money, toimeettfhe vgrooer.'si.ib^ker'-ssandi;. butcher's bills.? She knew there was some Jhing -wrong, dreaded -something fatal. During the first months of his secret •Jmarriage : iLordHerbert lad ,'avoided-,-sooiety,}: now Jib was at every distinguished hall, concert, picnic, archery meeting. Every- , where,h^ met Lady Fanny Westover. Siaoe their first acquaintance her beauty had fripenedinto something iTOai:veUous;.,»ndishe'f waslollowed by a tram of aident admirers. Sut'shBindistinguisheE.Mmabove aliotherB, i and .'htB 'maiked' attentioua - 'comprotnlaed .'. both. * ' "Though jhe never said anything to Jean „ •aette:ahoutMs:social-- movements,vthenews-:Ja papers, such as the Mm ning Post, and Coiirt 7omml, -ohrbniclea them. The fact is, ie wa>> Iradicg a wild, di ijit-rntc life, rtcard'c of all consequences. High play and deep drinking : 3ivIded ; :Ka .-niglits witii ithealreSi" ballflrand dinnerjpartieB. : .He -betted on the -: turf «Hh the varjmg ljck of fl followr of fortuna The eail and the countess loth became un- = easj him. They looked on a brilliant mirmsc ai tLe onh mfni of enniv 111m and they already treated L^dy Fanny "West- : pyerJiB their future ^daughter-in law. Lord MeAett'fij attentions to Jier,wcre -unmistak : ^able, JSJo^onpraKle^jnan^ could be so as ; -giduoua'without giving |he ogectof his ad- : drc?"es ami tne wond to un3i-r tand -that he 7 Jove*l>r. ,V\ , \ \ct. Lord Herbert ncier deliberately pur- ,posed -to'trepuditfte his marriage 1 withjJean- ; meltL JTt. (.VLU, prcsttd bj h 1 latlitr to bcttle in life, . meditated.%recipitating~^n,% avowal, $nd*jbraving-a11 jne consequences, |hough histfirstloye tnad4ong since grojm nnifl * r f f ] f I X B ' B * He =had long heen absent from his •fihBmbersdnthetemplei'and^leftaoiaadresSi asdtherflforew_as..wrtliout'iiews;fromthia -:wife; :hut one'night.; ! he-'=thonght i :he-i5would' i pay her « t sit. There were Masons why he =should^ot have.heen®«ingle..iJdaya'way ifromier Eide;;but his?heatt .was- liowi-steeledjiaiidhe had ignored those reasons. • :The;servant who:opened'th65door.ssaidaiot= 3a word to.him, Hepassedup-intp-thedra'w-: yng-room, 1 oundatiiempty^ndthen'!into the- =ohamber overhead;' : ijeannette -was -lying son the bed ; -beside-her a new-torn-nnfantj An old nurse, who was: present;aose and left the room. "Ahl you have coma at last, Herbert!" said Jeannette,.'-an- a' lamt voice. "1 was afraid you would come too late " •: LotdrHerbert;: leaned-over- and-iissed the \- white iaee.- He -was conscious-stricken-." •'• • _" Our child—our baby-daughterl" continued. the-wife, iinchning hers'head towards the. little --pink: face on: the -pillow. Sou will take care of her—when—I-am gone." " What do youmean ?" cried Lord Herbert, bendmg over .theTCOueh. r." Are jou-not doing well?" -::" I—am—dying,". murmured the poor woman. " Hushl; Herbert.i It is Heaven^, decree, iThejohild^-oaUAer^Garmeliae—it is: a fancy-of mino. Ton will not. balk my last wish—will you, darling?" 1 1 Jeannette—dearest—Uve !—live - for imy Bake—lor our child's. I<will - acknowledge you - as my wile to-morrow—you 'have the proof 1" Here 1" she said, . touohing the bosom of her dress. Then she added-: . «' Give me your hand, dearest." He took her hand; it was already cold,- but the-fingersspressed'-his slightly. -Ha was not made* of steel—he was a man, and his tears^droppedilikejrain nponv the poor,-thin white hand. " Do not weep, dearest,"- murmured his wife. -. ^-Believe-me. it vis better tnus. - -Kiss mel 'Now good-night I Baby—do not forget." With - a. wild cry he wrenched his hand from the tightened grasp. He gazed in his •wife's face—-it was the face of death.: Long he ;eat there in.the darkened chamber. - After the first, burst of human, passionate grief, an awe fell upon him. Then there came a harder feeling, lor dissipation, debt;, distress, had'steeled his heart. " Better thus.'.' he muttered. " It was she who said it. Better to die than to outlive love.; And 'she is-dead.: - That yellow waxen .figure -was once my, poor bright Jeannette I What a floul she had l But-is all overnow. I am free I She died just in time." He had the nerve, that permaturely . . hardened man, to. fumble in her dress,' and take, forth, the certificate of " marriage. It ..was the. .little Bleeping baby's birthright; and,.-he was.robbmg both the living and the dead.. . • "•-. • • "••'" As.he.removed the paper, it seemed "as'lf a ftown passed over the face of the corpse,-but it was only the wavering of the wax light that • produced the effect. "-"."•-•".'• - •• iLord Herbert opened the paper sad made sure.that it, was genuine." Then he held it in . the flame of the candle till the last inch was burnt . to ashes. .; The blaze - scorched "his fingers, but "he did not feel the pain. . I'Good-evening, my.lord 1", said a man's, voice, that sounded like-thunder in the hush of thedeath-ohamber, .-.•"• •""" • "Wbyrdo you oall me my lord?" -asked Herbert, turning on. Thomas Wilson. • . "Because it is respectful, Lord-Herbert . Knightly," answeied the man. He - ivae perfectly, soher, -and-perfectly cool. .i",Are yon aware whom, you are addressing, " Perfectly. I am speaking to Lord Her . bertrKnightly, my sister's husband.!' . - " Prove what jou say." "It is very easy to . prove your identity." • " But the marriage 2" 1 Wilson-lo oked. blank. '" .Sou do, not deny-that- you were married • to yonder dead mother ?" - "I do;-,deny,'it,,:and;-iI'challenge-you to producc contrary evidence." . « . "lou, do.,not deny- ,that your.are the ' father of that child, my lord 1" " I do not deny that" f','And :you-ipropose; to abandon - the infant ?" MI propose,-;to do no -such ,thing. ..Hear me. I have .a-proposition to make -to you.. .You are needy—so; for the present, am -It But l ean command money; when I strain a nerve. .; Here are a hundred pounds for the funeral«xpenses of your unfortunate sister. Asfor the child, I offer you five thousand pounds sterling,- to -take charge -of -it—to adopt-and rear-it as -your own: If you will call at my chambers-to-morrow-at moan,' I .will satisfy; yon.-as 'to the .payment. I give you five minutes to cohsider the proposition- Eeject it,-and l will make an ? arrangement : •with a strangfer. 1 :Thomas;Wilson;did -not need five itainutes •to consider. Ha so66ptcd. -Tho nobleman and - adventurerratified - the-..bargain : byclasping , hands over the bed of death. > ". :. -From that moment -Lord Herbert did not cast one look upon the face of his dead wife, •her whose fair name=he had slandered for the sakeofiier own brother. Without a look at the-bed where the silent form of her he • 'hadiloved lay, he left the room and-stole out of the honse of death "To ;the Carleton I" he ordered almost- .fiercely,"as he sprang-into his cab : -.:He was in full evening dress; lavender-kids' on his hands, a nosegay m Kis button-hole. He was engaged for a ball at a -duchess that evening, and he meant to -k£ap Jtus appoint meat. But first he must have brandy. He drank :so-deep that one of hisfacquaintances'' stood .sghast at - hifl' .-reelsfeBsnesB. Sand 're-: monstrated. Mind your own affairs, Westley " re torted LordHerhert ;. '.'I -can take care of myself." \- He ,was as .cool,::appflitenfly, : ,as-if '. he iiaa swallowed soiinuohiwat6r,:onlyi;he!guests"at ,:tlieducliess«notioedithat'he.wasSn,fflriuBuatly; high spirits. iady Fanny Westover svaa his partner in a ^quadrille;, .He hung over hat after'he had conducted her to her feeat, where an old dowager, her chaperon) was waiting for tier. 1 1 1 Remember, you are mine fozthe jvaltz," he -whispered. " To night I monopolize yon." . • :Theorchestra soon strudk up thesymphony of one of -Lanwer'fl vWildeB't, most maddening waltzes. , " i' Tina 13 something Jiki life 1 !" he whis ,pered;iiBshehung onhis shoulder;;and thepace" beeamefast.»ndfurioUs^as'aturfman-would Bay. " Por-what is life itsfelf- but one long, wild, whirling waltz? Wheb svahave done •spinning, we «nk into the grave.—don'-tyou see?" 51 You talk very strangely to night," panted Lady Fanny. " M Do I? that is because I aminaueh high Tspmts. Ton know I love you, and now that I feel the pressure of your hand, your jper fumed breath upon my cheek, I am in Fara dise.> Are-s/ouiappy?" " 7-es," was lie iaormared reply Suddenly the (music stopped. They were alone upon the floor. 'As heded-her to her seat he pressed her land, -and the ^pressure was returned. "Mme ?" he asked, bending=down'to catoh 1 theregly. " Tours wholly," was the answer, distinct, though low. Theaccpptad-suitorof Lady Fjrany Westover 1 And .what about the unburled woman that Jay at-4hafmoment"oii theijitile White IiBd-in St.John'sWood? -Wiiy'flid'that still ,faoe-jise^oM{th1ato]oimng^ aairrformsMphe gli^mg^iMonds, and ^ *ax-liglit? ; 'Why ? -i Why? There was no accounting for.. such things; bat it was possible to drown a ghost in waves of champagne and Burgundy. So Lord Herbert drank, .but could not forget. .Two weeks afterwards there was an aristoeratic- marriage at St. George's; Hanover square, duly chronicled by Jenkins of the morning . •Post, and the bridegro "TJnightly; the ibtideivLady, Fanny ^estover. iTiie " iippy-couple", departed, immediately after the.weddinfe breaUfast, for an extensive tonr on-the Continent. .- .•' Happy? . Of courso they were.> CHAPTER VIII. tBEB4B SIW» OP II1R OEOBGE. : Years have rolled by. How has Thomas Wilson: performed ins'duties to his ..sister's, child?—duties he was liberally paid to perioral. A lew -words will tell that story. When Wilson came into possession of the five thousand pounds—a little .fortune—he really planned turning over a new leaf. He ^pnt-the®hilcKout-to a nurse in the country, and the woman, who. kept her for a few years ' reared her well, and treated her. not un- '-.kindlyi':.'' '•.-'••:'" .-"--•--.•,.-.,.. - - ..... . In the- meanwhile Wilson leased a small phblic house, the George.Inn, in-the town of Warwickshire, and for some years did a. prosperous bnsineBB, His own irregular habits were a drawback to the prosperity of the establiBhment, but then his housekeeper —an old; tine-eyed widow, Mrs.-Brinton—by her sharp management, rather more than made both ends meet. . ^ " Wilson gave himself out as a widower, and spoke of his- daughter Carmeline. At the Georgie lnn the-mail-coach stopped to change horsesrand wagoners put.. up lor the night; but that ttade was soon ruined- by a branch railroad'that was run through, the town, so that fiBally-the ooncfern depended principally upon the patronage of the village topers. When matters came , to this pass, Wileon thought of btinginghome little Carmeline and. making her useful, child as she, was. Hehad a right-;of pasturage for a.couple of cows andsotoe sheep, and,her. .services, in 'taking care of them would,cost him, only her bed and board. , : ,, . •: ' -O'ne day, aceordmgly, wnen she was about eight years old; he drove out to the Milage , where she lived, and took .her away from her foster-mother. It was a cruelparting, for the woman and child loved each other dearly. : " - ( f i ' h- ri»:ti»vni.~) : HOW THE WOMEN WENT . TO DOVER—1662. , \- The tossing spray of Cocheco's fall •••-. -Hardened lo ice on its rocky wall, As through Dover town, in the chill, gray-dawn- Three women-passed, at tlic.cart tail drawn'!; By tile mectuig-house in Salisbury town The sufferers stood, in the red sundown, ,:•••-' Bare-for the lash ! 0, pitying Night, : .. . Drop.swiCt thy curtain and. hide the sight 1 - . : \- With shame m lus eye and wrath/on his hp, • : -The Salisbuiy constable di'Opped his wlnjj. • " This-warrant means murder foul and red ; Cursed is lie who serves it,":lie:said. - Showme the order, and meanwhile strike ••-. A blow at yourpenl.l'J^said.Justice Pike.- -. ..Of all the rulers the land -possessed;-' •••:••• Wisest and "boldest was he, and best. •- .- - jEIe-scoffed at ,iwtchcraft-;.-.the pnest liemet . .As-mantineets man; 2us feet he set -:. . JBeyond bis old age. standing-upright, . . jSoul-Jree,-.wilh;his/ace to,the mornmg light. - • - Heread the warrant:'- "Theseconvey •:"-:'. From our precincts; "at every-town on tlie way Give each ten lashes !" "God judge tlie brute• • . I tread lus order under my foot. '. : "Cut loose these poor ones and let tlicm go; • ! Come what will of it, jill.incn shall know No- warrant is -good;, though hacked by the : .-Crown,'- • For whipping women m Salisbury town !" The hearts of'the villagers,-half released •. 'From-creed-of terror.and rule of priest, ,, By-a-primal nnstmet owned .the right. 1" Of human pity m law's despite.. ,: --•-.-. .. For ruth and.chivalry only slept. h ,| j 1. ! ] •His Saxon manhood the yeoman kept; - - Quicker or slower,-the same blood ran: ' . - -In the Gavaher:and theFunian. . •The.Quakcrs sank on their.knees in praise . And'thaiilcs. Alast low:Siinset blaze .• • Flashed out from, under a cloud, and shed A golden glory on each bowed head. The tale is one of an 1 evil time,.' ... •When vsouls were, fettered, and thought was' enme, And heresy's whisper Above its breath Meant shameful scourging-and bonds and death •Wliatmarvel; .that,hunted, and Sorely tried, ' -Even woman i-ebuked and. prophesied. . .. And, soft words-rarely answered back • Thegnm persuasion oiwhip and-.rack.!., . If her-cry .from the whipping, post and jail.-. Pierced sliaqj as tlve kenite s driven nails. 0 woman at case m thcse-liappier daysj.. Forbear to judge of thy sister's ways 1 . '- How much thy beautiful life may .owe .. To her faith and courage thou canst not know Nor how.from the paths.of thy calm retreat..., She-smoothed the thorns with her bleeding feet — J o h n G. WhxUier 111 Atlanlicilonllily 