TERROR OP HAUNTED LOCO MOTIVES. Locomotives engineers are almost, if aot altogether, as superstitious in regard to haunted locomotives as Bailors are in regard to haunted 6hips, says the Tribune. About ten years the engine Matt Morgan blew up while standing on the track of the Shore Line road near tbe station in Provi 4-3&ce;, B.I., killing the engineer. The pngine waB subsequently rebuilt and put on the road. On the first trip «he made after beiag rebuilt she went tearing iafp Providence in the night with the train swinging behind, and the sleeping town echoing to the tthrill whistle. On approaching the station the engineer leaped forward %o sbut off steam, but to, his horror a ghostly form appeared at his side, a&d; a ghostly hand grasped his wrist and held him fast. When the station was reached the ghost disappeared, and the engineer stopped the trhin Hmne distance beyond. At least, this is what the engineer tells. Many people have not forgotten the terrible Richmond switch disaster, several years ago, on the Providence and Stoningham road. A little brook became swollen by the rain, and parried away a rail-road bridge. The train came rushiug along that night, and was hurled in the chasm, (riles, the engineer, when he saw the danger abe*d, instead of leaping from the engine ss the fireman did, grasped the lever and reversed the engine.. But \t was too late. The train was going At such a speed that the loeomotive leaped clear across the stream, and ihey found Giles lying under his over* turned engine, with the lever driven through bit) body, and one hand clutch ing the throttle valve with the crasp of death. Giles, when he came into Providence, was accustomed to give two peculiar whistles as a signal to his wife, who lived near the railroad where it enters the suburbs of the city, that he was all right, and would soon be home. The absence of those whistles was the first intimation which was received at Providence of the disaster. When the engine which made that terrible leap on that stormy night was rebuilt and put pn the road again, there was at first great trouble in getting engineers for it, with such superstitious horror was it regarded. To-day there are people ready to swear that they have beard whistles, euch as Giles used tp blow as signals to hh wife, sound through the suburbs of Providence, when no train was coming up the road. It ia well known that socialism is rampant in Adelaide and the other Urge Australian cUien, and one of the candidates for East Adelaide (a lnnd nationalise!1), who is re ported to have said the other day thar he would continue to set class a*r«.iii8t class while class 'distinctions existed, evidently has a life's work before him if he in as good as his word. Judging from the followiug paragraph, taken from a. MeliMtirne paper, anarchists hayo alto obtained a footjutt in this aoathern land, al'heagh feociattsm, cntn jnanism, and anarchy are merely jsjsters after ail : — ?' Ia response to an invitation con tained in an advertisement, Dnbli*bed in the daily press, about 20 persons assembled on Sunday in a ball over the aSoe of the Liberator, 8wanaton Btreet, for tbe purpose of formic.? an anarchist club, the princ'paj objects of which an to abolish Gqvernnqept. resist taxation, reo»ore all monopolies, and generally to crush oqt tbe depotism, which, the pn-- motera of the movement represent, is under mining the happiness »'d wei&re; of the people. The manifesto, an elaborate docu ment, fti garnished wi'h that was termed * Anarchist Qem* lor Thnnghtfnl People,' and which oomtioted of ti tracts from the works of a Dumber of philosophical »nd metaphysical writer* and political eoonnir:s s io oider to show that anarchy, or no Gt-v«rn- snent, was the happiest condi'inn in which, the i*enpie of a eonmrv cuuld iiwu. BeVertt ?n*akex» took part io tbe debate which foj.ow'-a the reading of the mauifeato, aud ? t dneited le take the names of tbi-se who intended to beeoaie members of the club, ui tlie urocaeiiair* ter.ni4*ttid. TaaoAX Arencrto** aso Boi.b3exe*s.— ^A.11 sa-fe fg fr«-n 'irritation of thetbp-*i mm hoarseness wll m agracably BUrprtned at -ti almost immediate re lie flordadby thti um of ' Brown Bronchial Trocheal The*a funoud '? lounge*' are i»ow »old by most re spectnbe ehemlht* io tnls couutry -.t Is. ljd, per box t-oopUs troubled with a. ' h-cniug cough,' a ?'tiigh ioid,' or brouahUl «nVc ious, cnuuot try them too sooo aj ^Imflnr trouble-, if allowed t-- pregneiiM, result in feiioaa Pnlmouary and Asthmatic »f&gaaans.; See L»t cu« woiUf * oitiwut Brunch:*! Troches' are on ii» Government Stamp atoaud enab box. — Prewired X JOHN 1. UlL'UVS auid tJO.-.^. BOsT-jN, U.S., ^axopgsu d^pot S3, Purrlajjcou i^oad, London. 