A REMINISCENCE.OF FAREWELL BANQUETS. BY AF EI-BOOsER. .Prior to my advent in W- .--1 some seven years' ago, my lift was a' singularly'har'moious and happy one. My domestic regulations ,above oall else were as smooth as the surface 'of a polished' airror. No one oeer'saw... Betsy Jaie, my' adorable wife,' giv? me even a black look. However, tho "rifti within the lute" began within twelve short iionths of smy arrival;a' ' after thogood people of W - had found out what a plair 'spoken all:' round sort of an individuihl had come to settle amongt them.; Its inception was in this wise."' A. famous early townsman, by name Smug, the"water carrier, had got, through the inflienco'; of a relative in' Parliament, a billet as'"" junior hodmiin at certain goveornment works in progress at the Kew Lunatic' Asylum, an'd his friends insisted upon giving him a parting 'dinner.'!,. On" account' of mny "official p'osition., of course I was minade chairman,;: and aloiig with ,'the treasurer of the testi monial fund I soon made out an ex cellent list of toasts for the different members of the company to propose. As I had never in my life been at anything similar before I solemnly determined not to make a fool of my self in trying to speak when I was 'no speaker, so as each speech came.around I simply said "charge your glasses gentlemen, Mr. so and so will propose so and so." As most of my comrades were about as green as myself on the subject of these festive gatherings, only two tried to make even the ghost of a speech, and only when the toast of Smug himself was drunk did they attempt" For he's a jolly good follow." The result of it was that by 10.15 p.m *the 'list was through, 'the National Aiithom sung and five minutes later I was at the door of my little wooden cottage in ample time for our time honored supper. My good wife 'was as 'proud as punch when I told her of the distinguished company I presided over. To make a long story short other birthday sprees,'and complimen tary dinners took place, sometimes at the rate of two or three in the month, to all of Which I cheerfully subscribed my five or ton bob as the case may'bp. But, alas, the gay imbibers were not so silent and speechless as on the first occasion.. Gradually they began to find they had tongues, or more vul gularly speaking to feel their feet. The result was that the dinners first began to last till eleven and then till twelve o'clock. Still I kept on the safe side as a rule, and having delivered my speech, and consumed as muich wine and other delica':cie's' as would equal the amount of my subscription I quietly sneaked away. By this means I only partially angered my wife, for the longer we were married' the more resolute she was in checking: my propensity to keeping late hours. Once, indeed, when the baby was teething, . mdnight had come when I opened the 'front door, and 1 only escaped all sorts of consequences by straightway promising to purchase her a twelve guinea bonnet she had set her heart upon six weeks before. However, the climax at length came. Bobble, the dandified barbers appron tice, was leaving V- because he was full of it. One of his mates, Trump the Farmer, went in lemons to give Bobble a dinner at parting that., would knock all' other similar gatherings into a cocked hat. The cost of the spread was fixed at 15s. a head exclusive' of wines. As the Shire elections were pendirig tickets were freely sold and a large and re presentatiuo gathering was the result. As so many ..distinguished-luminaries had migrated into W'V- the last few years, I was not on this occasion voted to the chair, but instead, as I took my seat a slip of paper was passed down to me with the words "The Press" inscribed on' it. This was awnkward, for this toast like good wine, is always kept till last, and the parting injunction of Betsy Jane ran thus. ' "Now, mind John, not a second later than eleven o'clock; or, by heaven, we'll see who'sd master in this' house!" I had meekly decided. to quietly' obey such a prudent man date, for Tdread nothing in the world so much as a scene. My. hopes fell when I found I was so far down in the list, and even now' I' suspect there was some spiteful design in the selec-. tion. However, I trusted to my stars that' no time would be lost, and' if I made a few brief consice remarks ' instead.of.. my usual oration and loft d4rrotlp- +h. ---s - - . .. T minl. still be withia' fifteen minutes of the prescribed hour. The ball opened with the usual loyal and patriotic toasts, which wvere but gingerly sipped and hurried over as though we had a diangreeable duty to get through as solemnly as. possiblo. But directly Waddle, the soap dealer, got on his legsand proposed "Success to the Greengrocers of W" - , coupled with'the names: of Messrs. Pllummy. Seek, and Bonedust" my heart began to fail." Instead of talking about Greengrocers, he launched into a long. tirade against the Borough Council lors for permitting a drain to flow. : from the back-yard of a neighbor into!::' his own; one idea led to another till his speechaseomed to me disgustingly :; long, anid sorely puzzled I was to: think how I 'could explain to, Betsy' Jaoen on the strength of this perora .; tion my.probable want of punctuality., But instead of the peoplel whose ' healths wore proposed being allowed . to immediately respond, no less thalo two of the.rotiring municipal council- ; lors took turns in explaining to the.. meeting that if anyone in authority was to blame for the waterflow and: other blunders it was their esteemed colleagues who were to retire the.ii following year. But this wasu't all, for after the three modest :tradesmen had arisen and bowed their acknow-" ledgements with dolightfullyv 'shodt;'' Sthough stammering, speechesi.,u?up jumps my: bld v:ralued) frienid anhd schoolmate Jack Tape, engrossingý clerk to Clap and-Clap-the emiment attornevs (and rootaries.L Jack -had foolishly ilbibed inioro thain was good for him and althuughlhoi-o";'d: witb quite a flourish of trumpets, allifo:had to say was that he wasnoh! so de lighted to seeo the affair turn out successful. A. pity the wretched iman couldn't 1js'w ý t havoc liqo was.risakinlg in thb bbs m ofi.; y? family'i! Moro toasts followed:aid then songs weor introduced, arid,'ere half' tho 'pro0 grammo was completed .my tmo was up. I now' grow, desperate aid ro solved to,:movo .heaven and earth to hurry up, tho.rest of tle proceedings.: But Tape was 'mo eil star, for after each toast ho insisted on rising up and assuring tho *company that he was. supremely"' happy, ,and once 'tlhe monster suggested, that, they shouild make the affair a weekly gthering. Other troubles, remained, for jiist after midnight wbhen all the principal toasts wero.over, and buta few minor onesremained, with mine at the taili when Bainey Chip the Joiner (whoso name was, purposely omitted on. account of hisl loqnacity) stood bolt upright and. apoloiosed for, a little improempt.utoust of hllis own. HIis eyes were dilateld with alcohol; ,httlis tongue was as glib as usual. Before the chairman had time to order himn down for his impudenice, he announced, amid roars of. laughtoi. from' 'his' inebriato companions, that:they.woro to chargo their glasses to the. brim. and drink to the "' Old. Maids of rW---." After' oing through a long string of twaddlo he called .upon all bachelors present below, the ago of 35 to show their gallantry andrespond on behalf of tho 'absent 'maidoens. The result was that my toast was not reached till a quarter past two o'clock, but the only thing . distinctly re collect was,being pulled down by the coat tails. Tho open air wassoon reached, but everywheio the_ groiind was white.with frost. Thouglithere was a dense, fog I- blundered aliig. shiveringand cold to my cottage door, just fillcd with- Ditch courage enoiugh to long .to have the troulble over as quickly as possible. ,.ho door was hloltcd. Then I knocked first faint, then louder, but no respons.,althoiigh from previous experienco I 'knew a whisperw ould.aken my wife. Ithen quiety stole round to inyi chamber window, where. all was as still its death. Then the truth flashed upon me. The inhuman creature was wide awake, leaving me to freeze my vory blood. .,Had, she.been asleep, well I knew loud dismal snoring would have broke the silence. Ono solid hour I thsii remained kndcking, only. at the front door, for I was too proud and high spirited to tap at the window and beg for mercy. Then a fluttering and pattoring noise was heaird and" a bolt creaked . * * 3ut gentle reader modesty comels ime to draw a veil over the secreta of my domestic: sleeping: apa tment; , Sihf pient it is, to assure you, that,tho im mortal hier?of .Deiglan Jerrold-oise: Caudle-4had a life of clover conipared with mine ever afterwards. Even my weekly allowance of seven shillings out of my stipend for Ilsundry re freshments the comingn week" was docked. ,.But all my sorrow was blamed to. the wasted elodqence of Tape, Chip,. and. the rest of the spoutorsl,?,, .,... , : . 