A KEIlA.KKABL5E 6iUItY UY All APPARITION: MAN people-a very great number, in fact : no nii' believe in apparitions than they do .'i .i the imian in the moon. And we are not at all sutre 'that we don't agree with them. At the 'sanie time the following story of an apparition is such a marvellous and peculiar one, that we cannot do better than receive it with the attention it deserves:-" Young Mr. Bligh, a lad of bright parts and of no common attaimnients,' becisme on a sudden pensive, dejected, and melancholy. His friends observ *ing the change without being able to discover the caisei, attributed his behaviour'to laziness, an aversion to school, or to some other motive Swhich they suspected lie was ashamed to avow. He was however, induced to inform his i botlihei, ftersome time, that in a field through which lit passed to and from school"-that is to" iay, to and from Launceston Grammar School, of ivich Mr. Ruddle was head master '" he wa invariably met by apparition of a *woiiaii wioi lie knew personally while liv itng, iid.who had been dead about eight years." i .Yung Bligi is said to have been at this time ab. oit sixteen. " Ridicule, threats, and per suasions were alike used in vain by the family to" iidulhe him to dismiss these absurd ideas. .Mr Ruddle was however sent for, to whom the lad ingenuously communicated the time, Smainner, and frequency of this appearance. It was in a field called Higher Broomfield. The !aippiiritiuon, he said, appeared dressed in female a?tire, met him two or three times while he passed through the field, glidea hastily by him, but never spoke. He had been thus occasion ally met about two moenths before he took any particular notice of it; at length the appear ance became more frequent, meeting him both morning and evening, but always in the same filid, vet invariably moving out of the path wiheni it came close to him. He often spoke, 'but could never get any reply." To avoid this iunwelcome visitor, he forsook the field and ' went to school and returned from it through a lane, in which place, between the quarry pack and nuisery, it always met him. Unable to disbelieve the evidence of his own senses, or to obtain credit with any of his faumily, lie prevailed upon Mr. Ruddle to accompany him to the place. "I arose," says Stheclergyman, " the next morning, and went *with liimu 'The field to which lie led me I guessed to be' about twenty acres, in an open cotifitry, and about three furlongs from any :oiuiies. We went into the field, and had not 'gone ''third part before the spectre, in the sshape of a woman, with all the circumstances Lhe had described the day before, so far as the suddeimnness of its appearance and transition would permit me discover, passed by. I was "a little surprised at it. and though I had taken upia firm resolution to speak to it, I had not the power, nor durst I look back ; yet I took care sit to show any fear to my pupil and guide, and therefore, telling him that I was satisfied with the truth of his statement, we walked to the end of the field and returned; nor did the ghost meet us that time but once. On July 27th, 1665, I went to the haunted field by myself, and walked the breadth of it ' without any encounter. I then returned and took the other walk, and then the spectre ap to ine in the same place where I saw it when ithe young gentleman was with me. It ap peared to move swifter than before, and seeiiied to be about ten feet from me on my right hand insomuch that I had not time to speak to it, as I had determined with myself beforehand. The evening of this day, the parents, the son, and myself being in the chamber where I lay, I proposed to them our going all together to the place next morning. We accordingly met at the style we had ap pointed ; thence we all four walked into the field together. We had not gone more than hmlf the field before the ghost made its ap L ipeiraice. It then came over the stile just before us and moved with such rapidity that by the time we had gone six or seven steps it passed by; I immediately turned my head and ran after it, with the young man by my side: We saw it pass over the stile at which iwe entered, and no further. I stepped upon the hedge at one place, and the young man at another, but we could discern nothing; whereas I do aver that the swiftest horse in England could not have conveyed himself out of: sight in that short space of time. Two things I observed in this day's appearance: I first, 'a spaniel dog, which had followed the .company unregarded, barked and ran away .as'the spectre passed by ; whence it is easy -to conclude that it was not our fear or fancy v hich made the apparition. Secondly, the imotion of the spectre was not gradition, or by steps, or moving of the feet, but by a kind of gliding, as children upon ice, or as a boat down a river, which punctually answers the description the ancients give of the motion of :" these spectres. This ocular evidence clearly convinced, but withal strangely affirighted, the old gentleman and his wife. They well kniew this woman, Dorothy Durant, in her 'ife-time; were at her burial; and now plainly saw' her features in this apparition. The next morning, being Thursday, I went very early by myself, and walked for about an Shour's space in meditation and prayer in the field next adjoining. Soon after five I stepped over the stile into the haunted field, and had not gone above thirty or forty paces before the ghoat appeared at the further stile. I speke"to it in some' short sentences with a loud voice, whereupon it approached me, but slowly, and when I came near, it moved not. I spoke again, and it answered in a voice neither udible nor very intelligible. I was not in the least terrified, and therefore per sisted until it spoke again, and gave me satis faction; but the work could not be finished at this time. Whereupon the same evening, an hour after sunset, it met me again near the same place, and after a few words on each side it quietly vanished; and neither doth appear now, nor hath appeared since, nor ever will more to any man's disturbance. The discourse in the morning lasted about a quarter of an hour. These things are true,' concludes the Rev. John Ruddle, 'and I know them to be so, with as much certainty as eyes and ears can give me; and until I can be persuaded that my senses all deceive me abont their proper objects, and by that per esuasion deprive me of the strongest induce ment to believe the Christian religion, I must and wiil assert that the things contained in :this paper are true.' "-Cassell's Saturday's .-Journal. SAdvertising is a good thing, says an American paper tout, but when a prominent Sgrocer recently carried to a funeral an urnm brelli, on which was painted conspicuously ' the business of his house, and held it over the .,clergyman's head while he read thusprayers, the bystanders thought he was runnig the thing into the ground. :-"The London Times is valued at ie milliphs;. Standard, two millions; .News, :ibver bhe million; .Telegraph, a million. 