BC1O0Es OF MELBOURNE. (Br TitE GHOST.) During theo,eek the pqlitical barometer has been at.' astrmy." The atsqosphere of tlheAssembly in particular Itos I?pen ip a state of high oleotrijc togsion, aqd oily the spark was required to provoke an explosign. Strange to say, although "gunpowder" was one of tihe topics of debate, it was not to "villainous saltpetre" that the excitement was due. It was cold water-that usually uhexhlilerating, boveragelto all who do not affect the blue ribbon-that excited the angry ppasion' of honourablo members. Although three weeks were absolutely wasted over anaitmless and objectless de bate on the address, Mr. Bent and his followers objected to a few hours delay in the production of the Irrigation Bill, and insisted' on the' measure being in their hands before the Minister explained its provisions in moving the first reading. 'Phd avowed object honourable gentlemen bid in view was to prevent the Press from dealing with Mr. Deakin's scheme of water conservation and distribution before Par liament had pronounced an opinion on the merits or demerits of the bill. Of course, advantago was taken of the opportunity by a member of the people's representatives to'vilify the "venal scribes," and "hack pressmen"-as the Rtev. Charles Strong elegantly designates Victorian journalists -and half an evening thrown away in abusing "the sweet little cherubs that sit up aloft" in the reporters' gallery. The folly of the proceeding has since been made manifest, for despite the threats indulged in, and dire penalties foreshadowed by ex cited orators of the Bent and Gaun on type, the Age next morning published a precis of the bill, which proves that journal to be highly favoured in regard to the gift of prophecy, or extremely fortunate in having three members of its staff in the ranks of the 'Ministry. Mr. Deakin hIas, however, denied emphatically in his pilace in Parliament that any information whatever was supplied to the journal named, asd ascribes tlie accuracy of the forecast in regard to the measureas merely "a snuart piece of journalism." When the bill 'is distributed the "smartness" may perhaps be accounted for. That the attention of ParliamJent should have been occupied for the length of time it was, in discussing the matter, is only another proof of the want of,influenco exercised by Mr. Gillies as leader of the Assembly. He is apparently quite as unable to lead or control his own supporters as Mr. Bent is to regulate the conduct of the "fortuitous concourse of atoms" that at present constitute the Opposition. With all their faults, Messrs. Service and Berry possessed, at all events, the art of commanding the obedience of their supporters. The knowledge that Parliament is in session accounts, doubtless, for the activity shown, by the newly appointed officials in endeavouring to enforce, the provisions of the Early Closing Act. Two " test " cases have been heard at Williamstown, where the nMunicipal magnets have taken no notien of the provisions of the act empower ing them to frame by-laws for the town, and where the law was apparently for this reason supposed to be a dead letter. Fines of five shillings were inflicted with a view of having the law defined by the Supreme Court. Should the magisterial decision be upheld, there will be joy among the shop employes, and a consequent amount of lamentation in the ranks of the shop kceerers, who will be compelled, unless autlhorised by the local authorities to keep open,, to close their places of business at seven p.m. on five days of every weu5. We are; evidently improving on olden times. Then'-curfew rang at eight p.m. 'The bootmakers are evidently the dis consolate Peris standing at the gate of Mr: Berry's Victorian " Paradise for the working man." Just now there is "nothing like leather" to inculcate on the "horny banded" the blessings of protection. According to the spokesman of the trade, Mr. W. Trenwith, the men employed in the Melbourne boot factories have to pay their employers ten per cent. of their earnings in order to retain their places in the factories. Nay, more, men earning 15s a week have to return 5s of the amount to the proprietors of the factories. To this oemplesion has it comeoat last. The cod dling of " native industries" has resulted In bringing about a state of affairs under which a " skilled artisan" is compelled to pay his employer the sum of five shillings for the proud privilege of being able to earn half a sovereigu! And this despite prohibitive duties and trades unionism! Well indeed may we call in question our title of Australia Felix i Our ironclad, our gun vessels, and our torpedo boats may remain quietly at their moorings, and Mr. A. T. Clark's firm sense of honour and his well-known loyalty to the Queen will no longer be offended by any action of France. The hoisting of the tricolour has been denied by the French, and their denial confirmed by the Com mander of H.M.S. Undine, who has just arrived at Brisbano from the Noew Hebrides, and laughs at the idea of the probable annexation of the islands by the troops of the Republic. As was predicted, thei soldiers and marines shipped at Noumea" on board tihe Dives were landed to overawe the natives on two of the islands, and obtain satisfaction for the murder of cer tain French subjects. If the tricolour has been hoisted, the tricolour is to conme down again, and the old experience of the King of France, who, with all his men, marched up the hill, and then marched down again, is to be repeated. So at all events say Mons. do Freycinet and the French olicials in Paris. But it behoves Australia not to be lulled into a sense of false security, Under the pretence of punishing some marauding Kronumirs, a military occupla tion of Tunis was effected by Republican soldiers, and despite the vigorous plrotests of Italy and the covert opposition of Eng land, the territory of Tunis was annexed by France. We should take care that in the case of the New fHebrides history does not llow its proverbial tendency to repeat itself. . Europe will have to look to her laurels. Possibly it may not be the New Zealander who is destined to look from London Bridge on the ruins of St. Paul's. The "Heathen Ohlinee" may fulfil Macaulay's prophecy, vice the Maori, swallowed up by totomahaua, or some equally active and destructive volcano. Mr. Ling Ah Mouy has just matriculated at the Melbourne University. The fact of itself may. not be important, hut when it is borne in mind that in many walks of life John Chinaman has hustled the European off the stage, the advent of the "Yellow' Barbarian" into the fields of " Culchah " may well cause alarm to those who have hitherto considered high class education as their exclusive apanage. A Chinese Master of Arts will assuredly be a novelty, and even the magic letters B.A. when appended to the Celestial patronymic should invest their proprietor with ia fame to which the possession of the Imperial "gold button" will be Ihold secondary in the estimation of the disciples of Confucius. The "intelligent foreigner" will hence forth no longer be able to stigmatise the English-speaking race as "a nation of shopkeepers," as did the first Napoleon. But he will find ample justification for stigmatising them as "a nation of cricketers." Surely Baron Reuter must be of this opinion or he would hardly in form us, at a cost-the reduction i" tile cable rates has not come into operation yet -of goodness only knows how niucih per word, of the state of Spofforth's middle finger. The alternative surmise is that European news is scarce, and that the strain to "the demon bowler's" digit is a godsenil to Press news purveyors. Msr. Gillies has, with characteristie churlishness, returned an unsympathetic answer to the proposal of the Now Zealand Government that Victoria should take part in sending search vessels from time to time to thle Antipodes and Bounty islands in search of shipwrecked crows. New Zealand has already performed her share of this errand of mercy by instituting a close search of the islands during the past few months. Considering that the expedi tion was undertakcn principally with a view of discovering the fate of the ship North American, a yessel that smiled frou) Victoria, the Premier mighlt ]lave returned. a favoqrpblo reply, Bliu Mr. Dillies haso no sympathy for anybody, excepting that' to him all important unit of lihumanity, No. 1. That well-worn maxim of the ancients that "whom the gods desire to destroy they first render mad" is receiving yet another illustration in the Legislative' Asseinbly of Victoria. Mr. Gillies apspears to be fast losing the self-control that in some oainds constitutes wisdom, and as a consequence is rapidly alienating the sym pathies of even his most ardent supporters. Duriog the debate on the Drawbacks Bidl the interjection of an impertinent and un called for remark was the occasion of a "scene" utterly discreditable to the Go vernment, and which a "strong Ministry " or ia Premier with the ability to lead Ihis followers should never have allowed. It is a noteworthy fact that since the des truction of Mr. IIarper's unfortunate im ported sheep it is just as impossible for a tariff debate to be carried on withoutthese slaughtered lambs being dragged into- the IHoise as it was for the Mr. Dick immor talised by Dickens to avoid any reference to King Charles's head, and any reference to the animals is certain to cause the angry passion of honourable members to rise to fever heat. In the "mud-slinging ". con test the 1'remier and his Commissioner of Customs had decidedly the worst of it, and Mr. Bent, the leader of the Opposition, was able to read the head of the Govern ment a letter on the proprieties. True,, the proceeding was much akin to that of " Satan improving sin." But that such an episode should have been possible is of itself evidence of how far the Deakin Gillies Administration has travelled down the "easy 'descent," and of thq close approach of the period when the Ministry will quit the suushine of office fortheo"cold soladas of Opposition." It would be interesting to know whether the Government has yet worked out the little sum in simple proportion set them the other evening by the Oppositioq. "If," said nu honouralble Uiembr., "it takes twq entire evenings to get through thesccond reading of a short bill of two clauses,how long will it take the Ministry to pass the Irrigation Bill, with its hundreds of clauses" and schedules ?" According to present ap pearances, Mr. Gillies and his colleagues are careless about replying to the query. They appcar to feel intuitively that they are legislating with tie sword of Damocles suspended over their heads, and that any day it may fall and end their labour, which will eventually have to be performed by other hands. This knowledge is doubtless the cause of the perfunctory fashion in which the Government conducts the busi ness of the country. Apres nous le deluge, is the motto of all governments, and the near approa-h of the overwhelming flood does not in general nerve its destined victims to any great exertions. Honours hIave fallen on promingnt colohialsa " thick as the leaves in Vallom brosa's Vale." Mr. Berry, much to the clhagrin of his demsocratic friends, has ac cepted knighthood. He would not have personally cared toexchange the plain"Mr." for. the titular prefix to hIis patronymic, but " the power behind the throne" was too potent, and "hor Ladyship" carried tlhe day. On Mr. Dailey, however, has been conferred the highest honour ever accorded to auny colonial statesman excepting Sir John M'Donald, thie Canadian Premier. The ex-Attorney-General of the sister colony has been madp a Brivy Councillor. Mr. Ilosisto, one of the Executive Commis. sioners at the London-Colonial Exhibition, has been offered the barren distinction of a Companionship of the Order of St.s. MIichael and George, and has declined it. ie opines he, too, should hIave been knighted. If character alone had any thing to do withl the conferring of the dis tinctions, the member for Richmond sLould certainly have achieved the honour, if hIonour indeed it be when it is shared by such as the late renegade Chief Secretary of Victoria. In the good old time of chivalry, a hundred champions wouls hIave Ibeen ready to leap into'thd areas, and hack off tihe spuis of thie Agcnt- Gendrsl. SSouth Australia is offenlded, and justly so, at thie unceremonious way in which Vic toria and New South Wales hlave dealt with the waters of the Murray, without reference to the colony through whlich it runs for nearly a thousand miles in its course to the sea. A somelwhat anugry cor respondence, in whlich the soreness felt by Southl Australia is apparent, has been car ried on, and unless dir Pastrick Jennings and Mr.Oillies maniage to make thie mendsle honorable, thelre masy be trouble ahead of the irrigation acheme independent of the Pl'arliamentary opposition. When the mat ter is calmly cossideroed, it does appear rather cool to settle on a plan for diverting the water of a river without reference to the riparian rights of the people on the lower part of theo stream. Evidently the "twropence extra for mannersc" was nlot expended by the parents of the New South Wales and Victorian Premiers. South Australia lhs beyond doubt "a grievance." Victoria is apparently just discovering to her cost that "protection all round" is not the policy. that suits her requirements. New' South 1Wales is practically demon triatiug that she believes that the sauce for the gouse is sauce for the gander. The snne, it is true, is not yet very highly spiced. A duty of five percent. adl valorenm Itn been imposed on Victorian made "slop goods," and loud is the outcry of the clothing manufacturers in consequence. They will, they allege, not only be ruined themselves, but the bulk of their employes will be thrown outof work. Perhaps it is just as well that the dwilellers in Mr. Blerry's "paradise for the working man" should realise the full blessings the protection system brinigs in its wake, and be more ready in "the good time coming," when we have a Government courageous enough to tackle a reciprocity treaty, to favour a policy which Mr. Murray Suiith has truly declared to be "the only one compatible with comnmon sense." . It is much to he regretted that fr. Ilerry has left the colony. His early Lpndon ex perience on '",the board," wherl lie was once ia victii of 1 "thesweating system," :would hlaveenabled him to deal with the question as an expert. Now that he is in possession of a " title" and his better half is designated her ,ladly ship, Sir Graham will hardly design to recollect ;the dlays of yore when as a tailor's journeyman he claimed elpse aqualntance , swith " the goose." 'Botting men and "asweep" promoters are in high glee at the recent decision of the Supreme Court in Baneo,awarding damages against the lhin. James Campbell for de. taining a' letter directed to Mr. J. J. MTiller in Sydney, which the Postmaster, General assumned to contain the price of a ticket in a" soiree," The judges opined that thoMinister hald exceeded his piowers by applying a : Victorian statute to New Sduth Wales, and the "gentle publi" will have to pay for the ofilcial blunder. ThIe'late Postmaster Obneral was warned at the timeu that the action lie was taking was illegal, but he nevertllcess persisted in his endeavour to put down 'asweeps " on horse-racing, and resolved to risk.the'lioances of ia Supreme C?brt degision. It would under the cir cumstances only be fair that Mr. CampLbell should be culled ilpoh to defray tile costs o; the suit...As..it.is,. that unfortlnate entity, the t"aipayer,;jwill be tilled upon to lnay, tle ipen', and the fiact be imade pate?it to all aind sundry that all that " sweep promoters" have to do in 'order to carry on their "little game" without let or hindrance is to remove their oilices to one of the neiglhlouoring colosies, whlenco they can defy virtuous Post masters-General and prying olicials. An other instance of "vaulting ambition o'er leaping itself and falling on .t'other side!" The proverb that "it is better to be born lucky than rich" has certainly been exemplified in the case of Mr. rqleintiuo BUiown, at one tiusm an employo in the Mel bourne Post-office, who lately rtcovered substantial damages against the proprie torcof Pti?n?i for publishing a libellous sictLro of -te well- known Collins-street hgbils, and has more recently gained a verdict against.tlio Victorian Civil Service Cdmmissioners, who illegally dismissed him because "he sat on a stool all day, doing nothing for the pay he drew regu larly at the expiration of each month." Theore must evidently be some charm attaching to the not uncommon pahonymio of." Brown," for some time since the per manent head of one of the principal Governaisnlt dedimrtments, when picked up drunk by the police in the streets of Mol bourne, and lodged in the City Watch house, assumed the name, and althoglh after being bailed out li was mulcted in a fine of 10,' paid for, him by. a friendly solicitor who appeared on hIis behalf, "John Brown" still continues to boss the department, thank's to the alias and tile kind silence of the Police Court officials and the metropolitan Press, 