TALES AND SKETCHES. the holy rose/ By Waiter BKSANI I'ltOLOOCU . , I'g'Jt long until within a coupic of nonrs .of daybreak, the boats were rowing to nnd fro between tho ships .and the 6hore, swiftly, yet without haste, ns if the work had to be done Authout delay yet must be done in order. Thov r 1, th0 EoSlish and the Spanish troops, the town was to he abandoned! Ml eight long the soldiers stood in their ranks waiting for their tnrn in stolid patience ; some even slept leamug on their inuskets, though tho season was midwinter and though all round jlhem there was such a roaring of cannon nnd a bursting nnd hissing of shells ns should-have driven sleep far away. But the cannon roared and the shells burst hnruilessr, so far as the soldiers were concerned, for they were drawn up outside Fort Lamnlqne, which is on the east of ' the town, whilo the cannonading was from I-ort Cairo, which is on tho west. J Ire Republicans fired, not upon tho embarking army, but upon tho town and upon the boats in the harbor where the Kuglish sailors were Jestrovmrr those of flm ehine ..,1.1 , , - " -- I't Iiutuu iiiut DUIIIU not away with thorn, so thatout of the whole magnificent fleet thcro were left in the morn- ing but a poor half dozen frigates : tliey blew ip tho powder, burned tire nrscnal nnd. destroyed the stores j it was not until when tho work of destruction was complcto and whoa all the troops were embarked that thoy turned their thoughts to the shrieking and panic strickon people. What do we who have sat at home all our lives in peace nnd quietness know of such a night ? What do we who, so far, have lived beyond the reach of war, comprehond of such terror as fell upon all hearts when— 'twas the night of. tho 18th December, in tire year of grace 1793— the people of Toulon discovered that the English and Spanish troops woro leaving the town and that thoy were going to be left to the tender morcics of the Repub licans ? Toulon was their last camp of refuge Lyons had fallen, Marseilles had fallen. As the English gathered together in the fens and "swamps to escape the Normans so tho Provencal folk tied to Toulon out of tho way of tho Republicans. As for- their tender mercies it was known already what thev had douo at Lyons and what at Marseilles— what would they not do at Toulon whicli had not only pronounced against the Republic but had oven invited tho English and Spanish to occupy and hold the town. And now their allies were embarking and they were without defence. It took limo for thorn to understand tho situation. They did not learn,- for instance, that Fort Cniro and tho Pharon had been taken by the Republicans until the'enuhon of the forts were turned upon the town and the bom bardment began. Then thoy ran out of their houses, because it is better to dio in tho open ikaa todio ia a hole, and congregated, some in tho churches,- some in the Place d' Armcs and some on tho quai. It was dreadful; even then, though it was still dark and the Republicans knew not how to aim, because the shells which flow hurtling in the air hurst-over their heads, strikiug down here a man and there a womau or a child, aud the cannon'- shot flew through tho crowd making lanes where the dead aud wounded lay. It was presently more' dread ful when the.' English ' sailors -fired tho arsonal, hud the stores hnd the lurid flames leaped up i into tho sky and roared and ran from place to place,- so that tho guuners conld aimat the boats ia - the harbor and the crowdod quai,: It was moro dreadful wlieu tholuhberly Spaniards blew up the powder ships instead of sinking them, and that witkso tcrriblo an oxplosion that the Eng- glish boats in the harbor were blown clean out of tho water,' and tho people were thrown upon their backs. But it was most dreadful of all wlion it became known tliat the English had abandoned the town aud were ovcu then em barking at Fort Lainnlquo whero they were secure from the fire of the other forts. Because, then, at last, the unfortunate people understood that thoy wcro deserted nnd left to certain death. 'Then with one consent, nil rnshed togctherto the quai. Tho women enrried their little ones and dragged tho elder children by tho hand; tho men snatched up wlmtevor, in tho terror of tho moment, thoy could save, that seemed worth saving. And there, crowded all together, they shrieked and cried to the English boats aud im plored the sailors to carry them on hoard. All night long they cried, the mon cursing tho English for their iuhumnuily, the women holding up tho children— for the flames of the arsenal made tho quai as light as day— if tho t.t. 11. a t-n„r1.tr iminr.Mitc ivnnlil mnvr» ill/Mr hearts. All night long tho sailors went on, regardless, with their work of destruction in tho lia'rbor and of embarkation in the fleet. But in the early morning, two hours before daybreak, they had douo all thoy could, and thoy had time to think of tho wretched people. When tho boats touched tho quai, there arose a desperate cry, for it seemed hero, indeed, as with those who of old time stood or lay about tho Pool of Siloain that only ho who stopped in first could come out whole. 'Then those behind pushed to tho front and those in front leaped into tho boats, and somo in their haste leaped into the water and wero drowned. To make iho terror worse, tho formats who had been re leased when tho arscual was fired cams down upon tho .crowd, COO strong, yelling "The Republicans aro oa us! They nro coming 1 They aro coming I " Then even those who liad beommosfc patient, fearing above all things to loso caclt other, and resolved to cling to their treasures if possible, either lost their heads and rushed fov'.vard?, or were forced \ i'- fron' those behind aud separated. Aud in tire confusion they dropped their burdens, winch the convicts picked up : and, some wore pushed into the water aud drowned, aud some, especially the womeu and children, were thrown down and trampled to death ; and at this moment the cannon shot of Fort Cairo fell into tho densest part of -the crowd. Then soino went mad nnd began to laugh and sing, nnd one or two fell dead with terror. But tho English sailors went on steadily with their. work, . helping the people without any haste or panic into the boats, and vvhen these were full, pushing off and makiug room for others just as if Uiey wore Portsmouth wherries tnking holiday folk to see tire ships at. ;Spithcad. So that, although at daybreak they were, forced to desist, out of 20,000 who " were; ; in Toulon they took on board, all told, 14.500 nreu, women, anil children. . ; ' Among, the . groups on „ the outside . of the crowd thcro was one of four, consisting of two ladies, a mnu, and a hoy. One of the ladies sat upon tho arm of an anchor holding the boy by the hand. She had stuffed his ears with wool aud covered his head with her shawl so that ho should see and hear as little as possible, lire other who stood, by her was dressed as . a nun. labor hands she hold a golden crucifix, and her eyes were.turned to tire heavens ; tho man stood Sllout. onlv from fiuip In limn pcring to the lady with the boy. "We can die but once, Eugenie. Courage my wife," Then camp the false alarm of the forpats, nnd a surging wave of humanity, suddenly. rushed upon them, bearing them along upon the tide, and as for the lady called .Eugenie, she was carried off her feet, but held the boy ia her arms and- know nothing until the strong hands of two English sailors caught licr as she was falling headlong into the water, crying " Now then, Madam Parleyvoo, this is your way. Not into tho harbor this lime. This way, my lady, now lav down, ma'am, audlay.quict.". When it was daybreak tho refugees upon the deck looked nrouud them ; thoy were seeking for brother, sister,. husband, wife, lover, parent or child. With thom "Madame Eugenie. Alas! Her husband was nowhere on the ship. Thoy comforted her with- the hope that; he might bo on one of the other .vessels. ,-But she. was to see him no more. Presently her eyes fell upon a figure lying motionless beside a caunon on tho deck. It was a mm, dressed in a livery or uni form of blue and white. " Sistor t ".cried Madame Eugcuie.- '" Sister Clairol.You.aro saved—oh ! you are saved." Tho nun slowly opened her eyes — looking about her;. . . r 7 . " I thought," sho,.said, that we had passed through the paugs of death, and were on our way to tho ga.tos of heaven." The terror of tho night had madp her reason .wander for the mo ment. "Whero are we, sister? " " Wo are safe, dear; But wherer-oh whero —is Raymond ? " , - "I know not. What' has happened ? What have I hero ? "Ia hcrfhand she carried a bag. \- I have said that in the- hurry of the moment, -eachsiuitchedupwhatsoemediuostprccious.This lady, for her part, held inherhouilalargo leather bag- containing "something "about "2 feet long. If we consider how weak a .woman sho was, in What a crowd sho was pressed, how she was carried to the' boat' nnd hoisted 011 board, aud .how iicr wits deserted her for terror, it seemed nothing short of n miracle that. she should have brought that bag on boanl in safety. But she did, and a miracle, she always ' believed, was wronght in behnlf of hcr-arid those shc loved.- i She sat up nnd bogan to recover herself, i "Oh! my sister, she said," bhrsting -into tears, Y011 are safc'; nud I have; saved tho Rose, tho Holy Rose, ; the Rose blessed by the :Popc.''( . . 1 , . . \- " And I," said' Eugenie, have lost my/hus band, Thank' God,. tho hoy is. safe.;" But where is Raymond?'1 .- i Then foUpwed.thc souud of a frerce cannonad ing, tlio last,, because the Republicans imme diately afterwards discovered that tlic.placo was abandoned. :i7 , The nnn kisped' the crucifix.. ; , . . , "Those ; who arc- not withi us,".ishe,.-said solemnly, V ara lyilli God. If they are not dead already, they .will presently bo all-killed— as thoso of Lyons wcro killed— by those, who arc the .enemies of God nud.ithc lung. Let us pray, piy sister, ; for tho ; souls of. tho martyrs." . . On the afternoon of that day, t!ro:Englisli nud Spanish ships boiug now- under full sail and opt. of sight,- there was scen-th'e strangest sight that tho Toulonnais had ever soon. The perform ance took place in tho Place d'Armes, under tho trees, which in summer make a grateful shade. Generally there is a market there, which begins qt daybreak and. is carried on lazily, and with many intervals for slcop and rest, until the i evening. . But to-duy — tlioy had. not been there since the siege began — tire market women were not at their stalls and the stalls jwcro empty. XltC SlnOKC .Ol UlU Mill uuuuu£ uiauuai hanging heavily in the still air over tho town, obscuring tho sky ; some of tho ships iu tho harbor wero still on fire, addiug their smoke, so tliat though lire sky was clear and tho sun was blight, tire town was dark. Under tire trees at lire western end of the l'laco sat four commis sioners, forming four courts. They were dressed in the republican simplicity of long flowiug liair, long coats with' high collars and their throats tied up iu immense mufflers. They were' provided with chairs, and each was, sur rounded by a guard of soldiers.. The fellows were in rags aud for the'most part barefooted, but overy man liod his musket, his bayonet and his pouch. What moro 'does a soldier want? They carried, iu fact,!nothing more. ; Thoy had no knapsacks. Their hair was longer than tliat of. tho commissioners j their .cheeks were hollow, partly from short rations, long continued, and partly from tho' fatigues of tho last wosk's iucessaut fighting. ."And their eyes wore fiorce, as tiered as the cjes of thosp . Gauls who first met a Roman legion; ' In the open part of the Place where there were no trees to shelter them were grouped together ii company of prisoners driven together at the point of the bayonet. They wcro some of tire helpless and unresisting folk who had been left bohind by the retreat ing English. They consisted of men, women and children. The men stood silent and resigned ; or if they spoko it was to cousolo the women, who, for their part, worn out by terror and fatigue, sat as if thoy could neither hear nor see nor feel anything at all, not even", I which was sad, tho wailing of the children. At the east. end of the Place were more soldiers, an'd these were . engaged by turns, by- squads of six, -in standing shoulder to shonlder and firing at a target which was continually ichanged. A strange occupation, surely, for soldiers of the Republic. For the target at which they .aimed, 'at 10 feet distance, yvus by turns a man, a woman, or. a' child, just ns might happen. Thoy always hit that target, which then tell 4o the ground,. aud'became instantly white nnid cold, and was dragged, away to he replaced by another. ' " _ For the Republic, revengeful, as. well as in divisible, was executing justice upon; her cne- .lnies. With this Republic, which was naturally itnore ruthless, because loss responsible, than any tyranny, justice was always spelt with n capital and meant death. So exactly was it, at this time, a synonym for La Mort that one '10 fit mil 41\nt TU A lnliitM J _t_ 1.1 f. is ounnutu uiai- UiU fflUCf wwru snuuiu IlflTC jsurvived at all during tho years of revolution when the thiug was signified equally well by the word justice. The commissioners here were ' thoso pure and holy spirits,- Citizens Freron, Robespierre the younger, Barrns and Saliccrte, all virtuous men and all fully permeated with a conviction of the great truth that when ii man is dead he can plot no more. Therefore, as fast as' tho traitors of Toulon, had ventured to hold out. for the family of Capet, aud hnd invited the detestnblb and perfidious English into their city, and bad . been contented with their, rule, were, brought before them,' tliay were sentenced to be doiio. to death incontinently and without any, foolish.dciay'ih the .inrcstiga- ition. of. the -case, or ,in appeals to any higher 'Court dr.. the .waste of, time. -oyer .prayers and ; priest. This;" to the.imnioftftl -glory of Freron, i Robespierre, Barras and Salicerto. and - for-, the lasting welfare" brought of tire Republic. 7 ; Presently,- there was brought Citizen Freron, 'a gentleman. There could ba no donbt upon | this subject, because at this moment, when the 1 result ot his trial was certain, lie preserved the proud and self posscssed.air of his class. This 'always exasperated the Republicans; who easily I succeeded in looking' fearless and resolute,, but 'could never be calm. It wants ti very woil bred yuan to possess his soul and govorn himself with dignity "i u tho presence ot a 'violent death. When it came to tho turn of the Itobcspierres, for . example, ono of them jumped out of the window and the other shot himself in the head. ;Yot in tho dignity of the nobles tire fiery Kc- Ipnblicans read contempt for themselves and it maddened them. This gcutloiuan was a hand- sonio man of 35 or thereabouts, with ; straight and regular features, black eyes, and a strong chin. You may see his face carved upon those sarcophagi of Aries where are sculptured a whole gallery of Roman heads belonging to the second century. It was, in fact, a Roman face, such as may be seen to this day atTarascan, Aigucsmortes and .Aries ; a clear cut face whoso ancestor was very likoly some gallant legionary born in the Citmpagnn, who, his years of service accomplished, was left be hind, grizzled and weather beaten, but strong still, to settle in the Prorincia, to mnrry ono ot the black haired half-bred Gaulish maidens, -bring up his family, presently lie down and :die, and then bo remembered for another jgenerntion at least, which ought to satisfy any body, iu the yearly commemorative festival of the dead. ' , ! ' " Your n'amo asked Commissioner Fre'ron. There wero no clerks and no notes, wero takon | of the cases. But certain formalities must be | observed iu the administration of justico. "My nanio is Raymond d'Arnault, Comto d'Eyrngues," the prisoner replied in a clear ringing voice. " Yon' havo boon fonnd in the' town ' which for two months lias harbored and entertained the encmios of the Republic. Yon were on the quai, endeavoring to. escape ; why w.cro'you cn- deavoriog'to escapo ?" The prisoner made no reply, " I "Friends of the Republic do hot Tly.1 before 'the presence of hor soldiers. What have' yon :to say?" ; / ' ; " Nothing at all,'".. said;the prisoner, " 1 Is thorc any present who can give evidence as to tho accused ?" asked the president. A man stepped forward. "I can give evidence, Citizen Commis sioner." He was a man, still young, whose faco bore certain unmistakcnblc signs deuotiug an evil life. Apparently his courses had led him to a condition of poverty, for his etothes wero old and shabby. His coat, which had onco been scarlet, was now stained with all tho colors that age aud rough treatment can add to the original color'; its buttons, which had formerly been of silver, were now of horu ;' his hair was'tied with a grensy black ribbon ; his shoes had no buckles aud were tied with string ; his stockings wero of grey worsted. As he stepped to tire front he secured to avoid looking at the prisoner. Somo of those who assisted at the trial might havo uoticoda strange thing. Tho man was oxactly like tho prisoner. They wcro both of tlio samo staturo ; each of them had black eyes and black hair; each' of them had a shapely head and strong, regular tortures. Bat tho face of ono was uohlo and that of tlio other was ignoble, ' which makes a greal difference to be gin with. . And one was calm iu his manner, though death stared hini iu tlio' faco ; and the other, though nobody accused hiiii of auy thing, was uneasy. - 1" What is- your 'name?" asked the court, " My name, Citfzen.Comuiissioner, is Louis Eeroy," ' " 1 - At thoso words there was a murmur amoni all wire heard them, and the .court itsel; showed its displeasure. "It is my name," said tho witness. "A man does not make his own name." "Citizen, your nomo is an insult to tli7 Republic." "I will change it then for any other nanifl you please. " " W'hat is your profession, citizen?" "I am . . he hesitated for a mq< mcnt. "I am a dancing master of Aix." "A dancing master may be a good citizen. As for your name, it shall be Gavotte— Citi zen Gavotte. For your first name, it shall bo no longer Louis, but Scipio. Proceed, citizen Scipio Gavotte, and quickly. .Do voir know tho accused?" ..." . "1 have known him all my life." ' . : "What can you tell the court ahoiit him?" "IIo is is an aristocrat and a royalist's therefore the enemy of the Republic. 7 Also s devout Catholic : therefore the enemy of mankind." " What is his business in the city of Toulon" Why is he found here ?" " He was one of those who invited the Engl lish into the town. It was thought that Mar seilles, Lyons, and Toulon would all hold out to- gether and he three centres for rallying the Royalists — and the Count was strong in favoi of English intervention. " Have you anything further to depose, Citi zen Gavotte?" asked the Court. "Nothing more." " Accused, have you anything to ask the wit ness?" "Nothing at all," replied the Count. ." Citizen Arnault, "saidthe president, "yci have heard the evidence. Yon are charge! with inviting tho enemies of tho Republic to in sult with their presence tho sacred soil of till Republic ; you havo delivered into their hand! the fleets of Franco ; you haTe destroyed the arsenals and tho munitions of war. Have yoi anything to urge in defence ?" " Notliiug at all." "You admit the chaige, then?" " I admit tho charge. It is quite true. would not willingly waste tho time of this houorahlo court. There aro many hundreds ol honest people waiting their turn to bo treated as yon treated the people of Lyons. I havo nothing more to say." " Death," said Commissioner Freron,- The Count heard tho sentence with a siighV bow. Then the soldiers led him away to'-Rio other end of the place where tho prisoners already sentenced woro gathered together waiting thci: turn, mon and women. As for the1 former, they mostly . affected .indifference, 7" hut ...tin women with clasped hands aud' whito faeei gazed into the light of day which thoy were ti seo no more, nud some hung upon the sh'buldcr of husband or lover, and eouic sat togethei their arms about each other's necks, whispering that they should not bo separated :for many moments, and that the pang of death Wa momentary, The Count spoko to no one. But- Ire turner his head, slowly surveying the scene as- if it wai a very curious and interesting spcctictb,' futl 0. odd and aransing details, which -'.ho would'-uo willingly forget. Tlio ragged soldidrs, til. mock dignity of the court, seemed -to" amus. him. But niuoug those who stood among til. soldiers he suddenly observed tho fellow whi had given evidence against him. He wa: crouching in the crowd, his sullen eyes agloii with hatred, and with eagerness- to :sco till carrying out of the sentence. With a" gesture of authority the Count beckoned him; The man, perhaps from force of habit, obeyed. So for ft moment thoy stood face to face. Truly,- they wore so much liko each other that 'you -might have taken thom for brothers. ! ' ! "Louis," said the Count, speaking as ono speaks to a dependant or a humble friend. " It needed not thy testimony, my friend. - I wa: already sentenced. Pity that I could not die without finding out that you wcro my enemy— you." The man said nothing, v " Why, Louis, why ? " tho Count continued, " Wo were boys together ; onco we wcro play fellows. I loved thee in the old days beforo thj wild ways broke thy mother's heart. It wai not l, but my father who hade thco begoncfrott the village foravauricn — Why, then, Louis?' " Yonr name and yourestato should have be longed to me, and should havo gono to my son. I was horn before you, though my mother was not marriod to — your fattier." "Indeed!" said tho Count, coldly. "So this rankled, did it? Poor Louis! I nevoi suspected it. Yet my death will not undo the past, Louis. I shall be shot, but thou wilt not inherit the name or tho cstato." "I shall buy tho estate," saidthe man. "Es tates of Aristos, Royalists and traitors can ha bought for nothing in these times. So after all the elder brother will inherit. ' , " l " And yet Louis, 'lis pity, because , tliy brother's death will now be laid to t|iy charge. There can bo, methiuks, but little joy" for oat who murders liis brother." , Tho man's faco Hashed. " What do I care," he said " Go to.be shot, and when you fall, remember that tlio vineyardi and the olive groves will bo mine— tlio "properly of the brother wire was sent away in disgrace, to he a gambler, a poet, a dancing-master — an" tiling." \ "My brother," the Count replied, "tbos linst changed thj name. . It is no longer Leroy — not Gavotte — bnt Cain. Farewell, brothoi Cain. Enjoy tire estates and bo happy — b< happy. Fear not the future, but bo happy." Ho dismissed him with a gesture, cold and disdainful. ' Citizen Gavotto slunk hack. But he wailed iu ttic place uutil his brother fell. . . Meuntimo tho Commissioners of tho Hepuhlia continued to administer justico, and tho tilo of .soldiers continued to cxccuto it, and overy man and womnnliadthcirfair turn and no favor, which tho Republic always granted to its prisoners; and presently each one, when his turn camo, itopd betorc the pointed mnskets, and then fell heavily, white of cheek, his heart beating no Vrnger, upon the stones. When justice was thoroughly satis6cd, which took several days and reduced the remnant of the Toulonnais to slender proportions they threw the bodies into the Mediterranean, whore they lie to this day, and tho Republic went on its triumphant career. Ciurmn I. — Mr Gardes. „ 'iThe village of Porchester is a place of great mtiqnity, but it is little and, excopt for its old sastle, of no account. Its houses are all con tained in a single street, beginning at tho castle fate, and ending long before you reach the 'ortsmouth and Farcham-road, which is only a quarter of a mile from the castle. Most of them aro mere cottages with thatched or red tiled roofs, but they are not mean or squalid cottages. Tho folk are well-to-do though humble, and every house in the village, small or great, is covered all over, back aud front, with climbing roseB. Tho roses cluster over the porches, thej- climb over the red tiles, they peep into the latticed windows, they cover and almost hide the chimney. In the summer months the air is heavy with their perfume. Every Cottage is a bower of roses, the flowers linger sometimes far into the autumn and come again with the first warm days of Juno. Nowhere in tho couutry, I am sure, though I have seeu few other places, can there be such a village forroses. Apart from its flowers Iconfess that even the. place has little worthy of notice. It cannot oven show a church, because its church is within the castle walls, quite hidden from the village. : On a certain afternoon of early April, in the year of Grace, 1802, the color of the leaves were just beginning to show;on the elms, the buds were swollen in tho chestnuts, tho blos som was out on the almond, and the hedges wore already green. Tho sunshino was so warm that one could bring one's work out into the porch with a shawl round the neck : the village was not quiet and yet it was peaceful : that is to say, there were the ordinary sounds which aro expected and therefore do not annoy : children were playing and shouting ; soldiers were disputing outside the tavern door, tho village blucksmith and his two apprentices were hammering something on a tuneful nnvil which rang true at every stroke like a great bell ; the barber was flouring a wig at the open door and whistling through his teeth over the Job, as a groom whistles while he rubs down a torse ; a flock of geese walked along the road croaking and calling to each other; a dog barked after his sheep, keeping them iu order ; and the cobbler, sitting in his doorway, was singing ' while he cut his lpnfYipr. ndinsfoil it. and himmnrpd it. infrt place. Sometimes he saug loud and merrily ; sometimes he saug low. . This was according as the work went easily and to his liking or tho contrary. 'Twos a rogue who always had some merry ditty in his mouth, aud to-day it was the lamous ale house song .which begins I've cheated the parson, I'll cheat him accn. For why should the rogue have one pig iu tin ? One pig hi ten. One pig Iii' ten, Why should the rogue have one pig Iu ten ? Here something interrupted his song and his work — but immediately afterwards he went on again ; One pic la ten, .. One pig in ten, Why should the rogue have one pig in ten? . When I had resolved to write down my his tory and was considering'bow best to relate it, there came into my mind, quite unexpectedly, a single afternoon. At first there seemed no reason why this day more than any other should be remembered. Yet the memory of it is per sistent and has now so forced itself upon me that overv moment now stands ont as clear and distinct before my eyes as if it were painted on canvas. Perhaps in the world to come we shall have the power aud the will to recall, day by day, the whole of our lives, and so be euabled to live each moment over again and as often as we please and as long as we please. I confess that 1 am so poorly endowed with spiritual gifts that I should desire nothing better than to prolong at will tlic blessed years of love and happiness with my husband who, to he sure, lias never ceased to be xu j iuvoi| buu iuj buiiuiVil, uut lUhudlU vluirC (who was never married) says thnt the joys of .our earthly life ivillappear tons hercafteraspoor unworthy things, aud that subjects ot more holy contemplation will bo provided for us, which will more fitly occupy our thoughts. That may be so, and, if nnyone now living in this world should know aught of tlio next, it is Madam Claire, a saint, though a Roman Cathdic, and formerly a nun. Still, to one who has tasted tho joys of earthly love and been a mother of children the memory of these or their renewal would seem happiness for ever and ever, Ainen, The day which came into my head is that day in spring of which I have just spoken. The porch in which I was sitting belonged to a house in a great garden which stretched back . from the village street. The garden was full of everything which can grow in this couutrv. Apple and pear trees were trained in frames beside the beds. . These were bare as yet, ex cept for the cabbages, but in a month "or two they avonld be green with peas and beans, as paragus, lettuce, aud everything else of green herbs that is good for food. There were glass frames for cucumbers andmelous ;'a great glass house for grapes and peaches ; there was quite a forest of raspberry canes, gooseberry and currant bushes ; and there was an orchard full oi iruit i« ccS) apples 01 tuc ciioicest Kinds, such as the Golden Pippin, the Itibstunc and Kiug Pippin and the Golden Russet ; Windsor and jargonolle pears, plums and damsons, cherries and mulberries, Siberian Crab and Medlar. Again, if tho beds were full of vegetables the narrow edges were pluntcd with all kinds of herbs . good for tlic still room and for medi cines, such as lavender for the linen, to take away the na6ty smoll of tho soap, tall tansy for puddings, tliyrae, parsley, mint, fennel aud 'sage, for the kitchen, rosemary, marjoram, southernwood, fever few and sweet briar for ..medicines and strong waters. Among the 'herbs flourish id, though as yet few in bloom, .such flowers as will grow whhout trouble, such as double stocks, carnations, gWi-flotvcrs, crocus and liljr of tho vn'ley, bachelor's buttons, Jniguouette, nasturtium, suufiower, monk's hood, lupins and tall holly hocks. In short, it Was, and is itili, a beautiful, bounteous and generous garden, the equal and like of which I .hare never seen. The house stood in one corner of the garden, its' gable end turned to the road. Like all the 'houses in the village it was.covered with roses; "and, except the vicarage, it was the con- siderablo houso in the place ; it was of red brick, and bad a porch in the front facing a broad lawn which served for a bowling green. The porch was of wood, painted whito, and was so broad that there was a bench on cither side where one could sit aud be sheltored from north aud east winds. At the back of tho house a brick wall marked the boundary of our Innd. It was au ancient brond wall witli uo stint of red bricks (such as I love), aud covered with moss aud lichen, green, grey, red and yellow ; in places where the mortar hail fallen out grew pellitory and green rue, while the top of tho wall was bright with yellow stone crop, tall grasses, and wallflowers already in blos som. The wall ran from the road to wi hi i a short distanco of high water marx, where it was succeeded by a wooden paling. Thns our garden was bounded on three sides by road, wall and the sea ; on the fourth side it was separated from the castle by a field of coarse grass growing in tufts and tall bents. Under the shclte, of the brick wall was a row of beehives ; a mi.ht humming tho occupants made on summer evenings, aud a profitable tiling was their honey when it c-aine in, for of all jiving creatures the sailor 1ms the sweetest tooth. Thero is always work to do and some one doing it, in this great garden, all the year rouna. xtus alter uoou tne noys were uusy among the bods. Sully stood over thorn, rope's oud iu hand, but more for ornament aud the badge of office, as tho bo'sun carries his cane, rather than for use, though every boy had tasted of that rope's end. Her father, sitting on a wheelbarrow, had a broom in his hand and a pipe in his mouth, thus giving liis couuteuauce, so to spark, to the boys' work. To look at hi in you would have thought that his working day- were now over and done, so wrinkled was his faco aud so bent his shoulders. Yet he was only 75, aud lived for 20 years longer. Ho it win- who navigated tho boat, taking her down the creek every morning, summer and whiter, wet or dry, fair weather or foul, high tid or low. Every sailor in tlic king's ships knew the boat and the old man, commonly culled Daddy, who rowed or sailed her, and every sailor knew Porchester Sal, the bumboat woman, who came alongside iu tlic morning with a boat load of everything belonging to the season, who knew all the young gentlemen, and even had a friendly word lor the first lieutenant. As for the tars, she freely talked with them iu their own language, and a rough language tha is. She could also, it was said, -drink a bom with any of them, aud on the cold mornings, when the air was raw, she smoked her pipe ol tobacco iu tho boat. At this time siio was about 15 years of age and single. She dressed, iu all seasons alike, in a sailor's jacket, with n short nettiroat and m-cat waterman's boots For head gear she never wore anything butathick thread cap tied tightly to her head ; round he: ucck was a red woollen wrapper, tho end- tucked under the jacket ; her face was as red and weather beaten as any sailor's ; her hands were as rough and hard ; aud I verily believe that her arms were as strong, with the daily handling of the oars, the enrryiog of the baskets, the digging and planting of the garden aud tho correction of the boys. This garden was my own, mine inheritance, bequeathed to mo by my mother's father aud a providcntiul bequest it proved. "Wo lived, when I first remember anything, in a great house in Bloomsbury-square, London, close to Bedford House. Here we had footmcu and a conch, and were, us my father daily in nfte: years reminded me, very great people indeed; he being nothing less than an alderman. ' ' But, inv dear," ho was wont to say, " I porsuadea myself to retire," aud here he would sigli heavily. " Iu the city we aro born to amass wealth, bnt I retired — I was already hut three years off the Mansion House — but I retired. Well " — hero he would look about the room, which was, to be sure, small and ill furnished "The world seldom enjoys the spectacle of a substantial merchant retiring into obscurity iu a couutry cottage." Here lie would sigh again. Ho retired when I was n little girl of 8 or 9, so that I know nothing of the circumstances connected with his retirement, but I understood well enough that he deeply regretted that step, aud louged to be back agaiu ou 'Change. AU a nuiu Vk V UU»> ilACU 111 IUI> small houso without any footmen or carriage, and my father, instead of directing the affairs of a great London busiuess, took her accounts daily from Sally ou her return from the harbor. Aud a very flourishing aud prosperous business it was while the war lasted, and though 1 neither knew nor enquired, it not only kept us in comfort but enabled my father to keep up the outward appearance of a substantial merchant, gave him guineas to jingle in his pocket nud preserved for him among the officers and others who used the best room at the tavern of an evening, the dignity and authority which he loved. At this time I was 19 years of age. Alas ! It is more than 20 years ago. Good King George is dead at last aud I am nearly 40 year old. Tlio garden siill lies before me with its fruit trees its flowers a -id the hoes ; but what has become of the girl of 19, Ob ! what be comes of our youth and beauty ? Whither do they go wheu they leave us? Whither go tho fresh aud rosy checks, the dunciug eyes, aud the smiling lips ? What becomes of them when they disappear and leave uo trace behind ? Tlioso were bluo oyCs which Raymond loved, aud the curls, which it pleased him to daugle iu his hands aud twirl about his fingers, were light brown, and as for tho pink and white ol Her cheeks — nay, it matters not ; the girl was comely and she fouud favor in the sight of tho only inau she could ever love. What more but to thank tho Giver of all good things? Love and beauty are among the fruits of the earth for which we pray that they may bo given us in due season. I was sitting in the porch, pretending to be cugaged in cultiug out and making anew frock. I remember that tlio stuff was a grey camblct which is a useful material, aud that tho frock was already so far advanced that the lining was cut aud basted on tho camblet. But I Was not thinking at ull about the work for - oil 1 what should a girl think about tho very day after her lover has spoken to her ? Spoken, do I say ? Nay, kneeled before her and prayed to her, and sworn such vows as inadc her heart leap up and her check first flush with joy and then tarn pale with terror - for it is the property of love to till us first with gladness unspeakable, and then with fear. And, besides, I heard voices in the parlour, and I know very welt whose voices they were, namely, those of the Vicar aud my father, and that they wore talking of Raymond aud myself. For the Vicar had al ways been tho patron or protector of the Arnolds, but it could not be denied that they camo from France, and my father hafcdFronch- liieu, because, in some way which 1 do not understand, they were tho cause of hisretirement 1'reseutly, however, the coufercuce was over and they both camo out togethor, mv father carrying himself, it seemed to me, with inoro tbuu his usual dignity Heavens ! what a Lord Mayor lie would have made, had it been so willed ! Authority sat upon his brow ; wealth and success were stamped upon his face ; ho spoko slowly, and ns one whose words bring a blessing upon. those who hear tlicm. A cor pulence ubovc the common, joined to a staturo also above the commoa, a commanding nose, thick oyebrows and a deep voice, all joined in produciug the effect of great natural diguity. While my father walked upright, swelling with conscqucuce, the Vicar beside him might have been the domestic chaplaiu to some great nobleman iu (he preseuce of his master. For being tall and th.n, nud with a stooping figure he seemed to be deferring to the judgment of a superior. Y'ei. as his eyes met mine, thero was in them a look of eucouragemeut which raised mv hopes. "Ha!" he said, standing before tho porch, "your garden is always before mine, Molly. There is goodly promise for the year, they toll me. Well, Nuboth's vincyaid was not inoro uciimuiVf x climbs niiuu iuvacu uunu ujiwu iv. from tho keep of Ins castle which, I daresay, greatly resembled you great tower. It is a goodly garden. It is a garden which in the spring should fill tho heart with hope nud in iho autumn with gratitude." . 1 "'Tis well enough," said my father taking my sent. 'Tis well enough and serves to amuse tho child. It grotys a small trifle of fruit ioo, sufficient — ay, 'tis snfficieut for the modest wnuts of this poor house." " No doubt one who has known such greatness as my fattier had enjoyed could talk in such a manner coucerniug the garden. But— a trifle ? "Iu former days, Vicar," my father continued, "we lmd our early peas ami hot houso graphs from Covcot Garden. But a inorcliaut who retires into tho couutry - has to coutout himself with whatever tnflo of garden he may light, upon." "True, sir, 'tis very true. But to our. busiuess. Molly, I have this evening been an ambassador to thy father from— nay— thou cau'st surely guess, child. Indeed, iu thv cheoksl see that thou bust guessed riglillv."' 1 "From Raymond, Mollv," my father added kindly. ' 1 From the voung man. Raymond Arnold." ! ' I have pointed out to thy father Moll v. that a gentleman of the aucicut comity of ProvenccisnotaFrenchinan; though ho may; for the time biunderFreuchrule. He speaks not tlic same tongue, he hath not tho 'rnuie nuccstrv- whcrcforo my father's first objection against Frenchmen doth not hold iu 'the case of Ray mond." ' " This I grant," said my father. " Did not his father dio iu support of thoso principles for which we aro still coniendiug ? And agaiu," tho vicar continued, " 'tis a lad of honorable descent' dud of illustrious foreign rank if that were of importance." : ; ' "It is not," said mv father. M.Thero is no' more honornblo descent thaix to be tho ciiild - ii' a substantial Loudon Merchant. Talk not to me, sir,' of French nobles.. -Heard one 'ever 'ol an English poor, touching a '-mere 'accomplish-' ineuttor a living ? . "Very well, sir. But it is to the point; that ho is a' lad of good morals au'd sound principle ; uo drinker Or brawler, 'and one who' enjoys already some success iu his calling." W ' - "These things; ARcar, are :uiuch more to the' point." ' " r - . " In short, Molly," said the Vicar limiing'to me, "thy father consents to this' match; but it' must be ou n condition." ;» Oh ! . sir." I kissed my /father's hand.' You nrcaU-goodaess. Is it for mo to'dis- putc any condition you may think weli to im pose? " The condition, Molly; " said the Vicar;- is that uo change may bo made ia , tlio existing arrangements." " Why, sir, what change should- be made " When daughters marry, my. child; they, generally go away and'lenvo their, fathers! or. they even turn their fathers out to make room for the husbands." Lovers are a selfish folk. I had not con sideredthe difference which my marriage might make to my father. - "Sir", I threw myself at his fo't, " This house is yours. If there is room in it for Ray- mond us well wo shall be grateful to you," "Good girl", he said, raisiug me, "Go'od girl. I will coatiuiio to manage this little property for thee. To be suro" — he looked at the houso with condescension — "the cottage is small, yet it is comfortable, in appearauce "it is hardly worthy of a substantial merchant, yet my habits are simple, the situation is quiet nud the garden fruits are, as I said before, sufficient for our wauts. I have retired from tho City. I desire uo more riches than 1 have. I would willingly end my days hero. Enough said, child, I wish tlio " — he kissed me on the fore head — " I wish thee all liappinoss, my dear." This said, ho roso with dignity, as if no more need be said and walked out to the gardcu gate and so to tho Tuvern whero the better sort met daily. " tjo,'' said tho Vicar, "Hero is) a pretty day's work. Two young fools mad'o happy. Well, I pray that it may turn out well A fool's paradise is a proity place when one is young. Ho loves thee— that is very sure. Why, thou wilt be a countess. Ho 1 ho 1 uuiiuu'bb luuii. w iien luou an married, child, Sally will leave off taking the boat down the harbor, 1 suppose, unless Raymond paints a coronet upon tho bows, uud thy new name Muduino La Comtesso d'Hyrngues." Then tho vicar left mo imd departed. But he stopped in tho road aud listened to the cobbler singiug his ctormil refrain — Oue ptjc iu ten, Ono in ten, Why nhould the rogum hate one pig hi ton ? " Jacob, ' he said, " must thy sung ever smack of the pot houso ? And when did thy Vicar ask thee for a pig?" " With submission, your rcvcranco," said Jacob, hammer in nir, "What odds for the words, so tho music fits tho work ?" "Idlo words, Jacob, aro like the thistledown which flics unheeded over the fields and after wards produces weeds of its kind. Would not the Old Hundredth suit thy turn ?". Jacobshook his head. "Nay, sir," he said, "my kind of work is not like yours. The making of a sermon. I doubt not, is mightily helped by the Old Hun dredth or Alleluia. But cobbling is delicato work and wants a tnue tbat runs up and down and may be sung quick or slow according as the work lays in heel or toe. I tried Alleluia, but Lord, I took two days with Alleluia over a job that with Mni/er Unities. or Black Jock I should liavo knocked off iu tlirco hours " " In that case, Jacob," said the A'icar, " the church will forgive thee thy one pig in ten." When they were gono I sat down again, my heart much' lighter, though my mind was. agitated with thinking of what wo should liavo dune had my father withheld his consent. And for some lime I heard nothing thnt weal on, though Sally administered the rope's end to oue of the biys and the cobbler went on singing and tlic children shouting. Presently, however, I was disagreeably in terrupted by tho trampling of n horse's hoofs, the barking of dogs, the cracking of a whip and a loud harsh voice railing at a stable boy. The voice it was which affected me, becnuso I knew it for tho voice of my cousin Tom, who hnd becu drinking and laying bets with some of the officers all the morning and was now about to ride home. '1 hen his horse came clattering down tlic street and he saw me in tlic porch, I suppose, fur ho drew roin at tlio gate nud bawled out, his voice being thick with drink. i " Molly! Cousin Molly, I say ? : Como to the gate 1" i . I coulil not choose but obey. v- . .XI Awl I Jt , s. 11 v vUIU«i . -.Uvillv . wKUovl i Clt A. have to-da v heard a pretty - thing, : A pretty thing, truly. ' .Nothing;, less: than-;-: that you waut to marry a Frenchman — a beggarly Frenchman. ' 1 " What "business' is that of yours?". - I asked. | . , , - i' " You may tell him, Mistress Molly, tlint I shall horsewhip, him." I laughed in his face. A girl always be lieves thnt lior lover is the. bravest'of men. " You Tom? Why to be sure It o mond does not desiro; .to . fight his : sweetheart's cousin, but if you so much us lift your little finger at linn, I promise you. big as you arc, that you will be sorry for it." At -lhishc used dreiidfuMutigungo. swenriug what ho would do .when iho should meet the man X preferred to himself. : " Ami linn a Frenchman,; Mollyl" ho con cluded.- "To think of it 1 Would st throw me over for a beggarly Frenchman! But wait— only wait till 1 have . made him roar for mercy and beg my pardon on bis knees. Then, per haps;" -- -, ;V " " Oh I'M cried, " go uwny , quickly, lest lie should come uud take you nt your word." ; „ lie began to. swear ngaiu but ; siuldciily stopped aud went away cantering along i tlio road followed by his, dogs. ; Aud '.though I kuow .my Raymond to be bravo .and -.strong- 1 ivus glad that ho did . not meet this half drunken COlisiti of minfi in his: nntrrr ninntl. Ton.,Wilgic5S, my,' mother's nephew,; and therefore my o wn .. fi rst 1 cousi n, -wiiq afterwards. broke his neck' oyer a hedge," foxhunting, .was then.a young rata .about fivo "and twenty. He was . of a strong and welbbuilt figure, -hue his checks .were already rod dud puffed .up with strong drink. He had- u small estate (which ho aftenvdrds bequeathed to ine) part of which' he farmed and part let out to tenants. ;It was .situated north of 1'ortsdoivn Hill close to, tlie Forest of Beer. But the grcdlor part of; his tiiiic was spent at tlio castle or. tlic village tavern, drinking, smokuig tobacco, limkiug bets,' running -races, badger draw-ing, cock light ing, add all.kinds of. sport with the officers of the garrison. , Ho professed to be iu love wi th liie, and continually entreated me: to marry Kiiii, athing which Icould not contemplate with out Horror. Sometimes ho woiild fall upon liis -kii'ecs diiil "supplitate ilia with tears, swearing that he loved me hatter than his life (he did not say better than a bo>vl of punch) nml sometimes tie would' 'threaten' ma With . dreadful pains and jiuuishinciits if 1 continued in my contumacy. .This afternoon I clearly forosaw, from the red ness of his faco, tho thickness of his voice aud d certain "glassy ' look in his eye, that lio was .about to adopt tho latter method. . Heaven pitv the wife of such a innn as my cousin Tom. But lib. is '.now, dead and hath - loft nib his estate, wherefore I will speak of him no moro evil than I can help, yet must speak tho truth. . AVhoa he was - gone - I returned to; my work. Presently I was again iutorruptode This time Dy aiauam uiuire. one iiuu.with her ono of the.French prisoners. It. was a youag.man whom we all kuow very well. Ho was a'Sous- lieutenant, which means somo kiud of cnsign-in a French infantry rogiinent, about Raymond's age, that is, between twenty-three aud twenty- four, aud had been a prisoner for three years. Wo knew a great many of tho Freuch officers ; this was natural, because we were the ouly people iu the village who could lalk their language — I say wc, because the Arnolds taught rae, and iu their cottage we spoke both French and Provincal Bnt this young man was our special friend ; ho was tho friond ofltaymonil, whom he called his brother ; and of madam, whom ho called his mother ; of course, thorefore, he was my friend as well. Tho reasons for tho affection wo bore him wore many. First, he came from the south of France, aud . was, therefore, a countryman of Raymond's, and had spoken, like Raymond, tho language of the south, wlion a child, Noxt, when he was first lauded ho fell ill with soino kind of malignant fever, which, I believe, would have carried him off but for Madam Claire, who nursed him, sitting and watching beside him day and night, a service for which he was over grateful. Thirdly, he was a young man of the happiest disposition, the kindest heart and the sweetest manners nn«iht« As he came from the same part of tho conn- try, it was not strange that ho should bo like Raymond, being dark of complexion and with black Imir and eyes. But it was remarkublo llmt he should be so very much liko him that they might bo taken for twins ; tboy were of the same height which was something under the average height of an EuglUhmau ; their beads were of the same shape ; tlioir hair and eyes the same shade ; tlioir chins rounded in tho saino w ay ; oven their voices woro the same. The resemblance was tlio greater this eveuing becauso, his own uniform having fallen into rags, Pierre wore tho dress of a civillian, a brown coat aud a round hat. His hair was neatly tied aud powdered ; his linen was clean ho might have passed for what they call tho couutry Jessamy. Of course thoso who knewhira well, knew the difference between tho two, just as a shophord knows the sheep which seom to tho general world exactly alike. So rnauy were 'these points of difference that it was impossible to mistako ono for tho other. Pierro was of a larger and stouter framo; ia manner he was moro vivacious; his step was livelier ; his ges ture mote marked ; lie talked mote. Bnt it was strango to note that Pierro, ns iveluTlloTM had what is called tlic air of distiiu-K ' ni1, one would fail to remark that he C&' 'N ia Euglaod would sav, every inch a nSi n' and carried himself accordingly, vctfhl, thing of tho French eullantry winch was not unbecoming, Yet hi- ir birth a sou of the people ; ho came likop Hocko, the soldier whom moT'be rom tlio gutter, and ' ho was proud "f k' Raymoud, for his part, was of a more L 1 habit, you would have taken him lor a tl wlra talked littlo , a dreamer, co" tcut tfc n ' whatever fortune offered., .Had he been'1; soldier he might have had the same ambitio- ' them less" ,vou!d havo talked ub; ' " Their faces," Madame Claire, "flro those of their countrymen. Some call it the Roman face ; you may see it on the old inonu meats in the ceuiotcry of Aries. Bonaparte' is reported to liavo this face, though ho is W u Corsican." u#l I have never seen any nuns, hut when I hear or. road of them I must uoeds think ol Madam Claire, who had'.. been what is culled a rclii/cusc, but I kuow not of what kiud I0 religion she was named Sister Angelique but her Clirisom iinmo was Claire. She alwavs wore a frock of blue stuff with' a long cloak of >m; auiuc cuiui ; vu iter ueau was a cap or hood of the sumo, with a white starched can beneath. She lmd also a large white coliur rouud her neck .was a gold chaia with a crucifix, aud ln.her hand she always carried a book, because lior rules: obliged her to read prayers at certnin hours all through the duv. She speut ' her tunc, chiefly in the Castle iti- lirmary, where she nursed and comforted the sick pnsonors. Her face was pale but sweet to look upon and' to me it seemed always as if she were liever thought of herself at nil but always of tlio person with whom she was speaking. IVe are taught that to hide iua convent isbut to cxchaugc one set of temptations for another, hut it woujd surely be a blessed Ihiug if our church nliowed men and women to renounce (without foolish vows of celibacy) tho things in which we weaker creatures place our happiness (such .is .l .vt, marriage nud tender cliildrou, or place, power nud wealth) and to give all their libor and thought for the goodoi others. This -is what Madam Claire did. : '"Great: news!"- criod Pierre. "Peace is concluded aud signed; -AVo nro all going to bo returned." . , ; I This was news indeed. For four or five months nothing clse.'lihdlhoen spoken of. but thongh.thcre w-asa ccssatjo'ii rf hoslili'ies, tbero .was always the : fear ' that tin.- i ..oi bilious would bo broken off. . : ' " 1'cace!" I replied. Ami what have they flAiii fnr iho ntniaprnc ' ' "I bcliovo'thejr'have" done nothing. I 'ire la pair I. ! That is, until wo are ready to go to ,wur again. Then '- trip-tap-tap goes the drum aud to the field again, aud 'I come home a colonel nt least." i ; " " ' "I understnmV not." 6aid msdnn, "how peace can be concluded nuless fhc Ring raurni with tlio nobles uud the old order is established again." ; ; ;; - - - ! " The old order;" Piorrq laughed, 11 Oh I ma me're, the old order is tlio old world before the deluge. But you do iipt understand. Whatever 'else returns, the. old order will never return. iWhy, will a people, ouco free, return to 'slavery?" .'. . t I : ! " But for what clso hath Great airifain (ought ; except for the; old order ?" . ; "I kuow not indeed. . But this I kuow, that the old order is dead aud buried." ' : Certainly, there was never any men who believed more liodcstlv iu tlio revolution than Pierre. Yet. not. hko tlio wretches who were par first prisoners in thnt war who shouted the Carmagnole and tossed their caps m the air, filled witii hatred for priests uud oristos. Tliey were gono and tliey would never come back agaiu, \- " How thou,"- said madam; "are we to go back again unless 'tliey i return us our property ?'' c. I " Your property is sold and your rights are ilost" Pierre replied ('Come back "and join the people. You are no longer, a scpnrato caslc, wo arc all French together; 'stay,1 we "will earn a slico out of Germany - and giro it to you. Aau your snare, , mn mere, iwiii conquer raryou with my owu sword." ' Iu the evening,' when they wore gone, I had another visitor — Raymond himself— and wo talked together, as lovers do — of nothing but ourselves. Tho pcaco was sigucd. It was not possible that Great Britain had abandoned the (migrt 's ; somo compensation would bo made ; for'his part, ho loved not tho new order in Franco aud desired not to live there ; lie would be an Englishman; but, with his compensa tion, ho would do this and that, always with mo — oh, tho dear delightful talk. I went with hiin at 9 o'clock to tlie garden gate. Sally was standing there waiting for us, her arms akimbo, with her shoit petticoats and big hoots she looked exactly like a sailor. "So, young gentleman," she said, "I hear (hat my mistress has promised to marry you ?" " Indeed slio has, Sally." " A lucky and a huppy mau her linsbaud will be." " Ho will, Sally." " We liavo known you a long time, Jlr- Raymond ?" . " More than oight years, Sally."1 " Aud yet it can't be denied that you are t Frenchman, ntnch the same as those poor fellows in the cnstlo ?" " I am an Englishman now, Sally, because I shall have an English wife, which, of course, naturalises a man. " I hope," said Sally, " that it's more than skin deep, and that wo'shan't have no fallings off," CtlAI'THR II.— POKCIIESTKB CASTLE. The castlo which, now that tho long ware aro over, ono hopes for many years, is. silent and deserted, its ruined courts empty, its crumbling walls left to decay, presented a different appenranco indeed in the spring of tho year 1802. For ia thoso days it wasgarrisoned by two regiments of militia, and was occupied by the prodigious number of 8000 prisoners. I am told that thero are other ancient castles in tho country even moro oxtensivo and more stately than Porchester, but I have never seeu them, and am qnito satisfied to belioro that tot grandeur, oxtent and tho awo of antiquity, there can be none which can surpass, aud felt which can pretend to cqnol. this monument. It is certainly ruinous in parts, yet still so strong as to serve for a great prison; but it is not overthrown, and its crumbling walls, broken roofs and dismantled chambers surrouns M place wifli.a solemnity which affects the ' n-t careless visitor. . . ... It is so aucicnt that there are some who pre- ,C1U1 that par ts .of : i t may. belong ; to British ,05 while it >s certain that the whole r the outer wall- was built , by - the Italians, rn imitation of fboir camps', it staudsfoursquare, nil has hollow round towers in the sides' and III the corners. The spot' was chosen, not- at the mouth of 'tho harbor,, the Brituius'h.aying no 'means' of attacking -!ships..ciitet ing ,'or; going ' at hut atdhe very. head.of!.lhc harbor, where ' die'ereek run's up bclwceuV Hic'shallows, .which ir0 liauks df ihiijl at lpw u'ater. ' Hither. caiuie the lioiuu a galleys, .Jndcu .with military stores, to laud Ibem uuder-tho protection pt.Hie.c'nstlc. IV hen i h e Romans went away.! niiil " the Saxons . came; 'who '-toyed. not" 'fighting behind "walls, tl,ev neglected the iqrHcsa.'but.Bujlt'.a.cii'urch within "the Rails, .aniUicre' laiilj, their dead; When in their turn, tlic (Korri'iitris '.'came,' they built a castle ufj.cr. Ihciiy own. 'fashion within ' the Roman walls;': Thtsjisdhe, stronghold, 'con'i- iaiuin"- four squaroTowerSj.arid a fortified en- ' trance" And .the .'.JjreViftahsj, built the water ' „atc and the gate fujver..' (The rest of thc'.grcat %s|pCO became tlit'TjaillyboKthc castle. j.'Tlicy also added (batllenieiits'. lb, Rio,- wall and dug a ' juJjt, wbicil they lmed( with .sea wafer '.at high ! tide. ... I ; l-.-' ... !.' . ; -Tlie battlements oLi-ihc ..Normans are now ' brokcu down or qriunhljug.away, great p'atche? of the rubble work have falleiiiherejund there, vet one can' walk: round Jhp narrow.' ledge de- rtb'ucd for the -bowmen. ;'v-:iho(-wiiljfis crowned itUhwaving grassiaud wall ilowcrs/nud up the ' si,cs grow, elder, bushes,;, blackberry, ivy, and (bramble, as luxuriantly ;'as in auyhedgo be- vend l'ortsdown. It-yon. step out Through the water gate, which is now roofless, .with little left to show its former splendor except n single -missive column, yon will -find, at high tide, the water lapping the lowest stories of the towers, inst as it did when the Bomaus built them, instead of file old galleys, which must have ten light iu draught to come up l'orchcstcr Crock, there are now. .lying! half, a dozen boats, the whole fleet of the little, village. Oil the ether side of the water-nrc.thc wooded islets of (ircut and Litllc Horsea, and I suppose thoy look to-day much its . thoy did 1000 years ago. On. this side you look towards the east, tut if you go to the souili side of the castle and walk across a narrow meadow, which lies be7 hvecn the walk and the sea you will have a very different Ticw. For then; you look straight across the harbor to its very mouth,- 3 miles away; you gaze upon a forest of masts and upon ships of every kind, from the stately man of war to the saucy pink, and 20 years are of every nation, because iu lliose days we were at war with half .the world, from the French built frigate, the most beautiful ship thai floats, to the .Mediterranean xcbccquc, all of them prizes, lfcrc they lay, some. ready for sea, some just arrived, some battered by tliot, some newly repaired aud , fresh from the yards, some — it seems a cruel fate for ships which have fougli tlio battles of their couutry — converted i u to lull ks for convicts and for pri soncrs ; some store ships — why Iherc is no end to the number aud kind of ships lyiug in the harbor. They could tell, if they could speak, of inaiiv a battle aud many a storm -, some of - tlicin are" as old as the days of Admiral Henbow : oue poor old hulk is so old that she was . once a man o' war in the old Hatch war's of Charles the Second, and carried on board, it is said, the Duke of Fork himself. la the dockyard within .tlic harbor the wooden walls of .England are built ; hero they are fitted up : from this place they go forth to fight the trench. Heavens!. How...many ships wo scat lonh every year ? How many were built in the yards? How many brave .fellows -were saciiiiced year after year before ibo' insatiable rage for war which possessed one man— and, ihroagh liiin, all Europe — could.be overcome, ami the tyrant "confined in his. cage like n wild bead until lie should die . , . ' Standing under these wails, 1 say, we could look straight dowu the harbor to the forts which guard its entrance ; we could see in the upper part the boats- plying backwards nud forwards ; wc could hear" tlie, booming of the salutes ; we could even see the " workings of the semaphore, by whose mysterious arms news is comrcvcd to London iu less than half an hour, and the sight of the ships, the movement of the harbor, the distant banging of the guus, made one feel as if one wns taking part in the great erents which shook the . world, , even otic who Uveil in so quite ,n village as Eorchestcr. It MS a hard tinie to many .and an anxious time for nil, a timo of - lavish expenditure for the country, a time w.licn bread was dear, and work scarce, with trado badaud prospects! un certain. Alas! wHU what , beating of. heart fid we wait for news nud- gathor together, to ' yen when a newspaper, was . brought to the village! For si ill it seamed as if ,- defeat his navies though we: might, and .though, wo tliased his cruisers off. tlio. soris and tore down the French Hag from hiscblouics, tlic' Corsican usurper was inarching from -one. triumph lo another until tliq .- whole of ; Europe, savo aussia and England, was subjugated and laid prostrate at his feet. ; As for bad tinics, we 'at lorcbestc-r, so near- to Portsmouth, where all the : shopkeepers were ,. making their fortunes; and tlic ships- . caused so ; great ;-: a daily expenditure, felt them hut little save for the. cost of coals, -which were, I remember, as jnucli as ,S0s. a tou, and , tlio . lack of French tjKuidy, which wo women never wanted lo "k, and of llasqony or clayct wiuc, which we Waci,(h quite to our own satisfaction, with the debate cowslip or the wholesome ginger ljiadc m our own homes. I think, however, if there ?.eld 5, men nllqat — 120,000 sailors in his . Majesty s navy alone, to say nothing of 'those award the merchant ships, coasters, colliers ' Pm'uteers— there were also so many women :nore ainl' so lnaqy hearts torn with unxicty ' . , 0 news of every engagement. Custom Mens the heart, anil no doubt many cvou of lose who loved their husbands . tenderly. roso . P iq the morning and went to lied at night info! -UU "Wr "th"u a simple -prayer for his 'liu , u £kall hear, however, oijo woman's ' i,n,„, Hvl'c'1 J'-011 Iluly learii to feel for ' (tit V-i I, nud'jvhat,, have I .dono, ' win! i-'r IMiiy.poor creatures were stricken ban. 'ff Br'ofi my shadow should lc -given place to sunshine, my scrrovr to ,.Til'£01l'cr ijwd offlie.castlo was.opcn to tiio in ill? cvi-ry Sunday, because tho church stnuds \ cburrh dduth-eost corner. It is tlie old Saxon ;it ...J a'tcrcd by tho Normans ; formerly .armi i, , ped litpo 'a cross, hut ono of the lorn. alJi8 S d'ldc fallen .down;-.' The nave is Mudii.J rii® ?rw aD ralher dark, tiiis pleased thur-i, - "J? hecauso' it reminded lier of the v e- in l r.ivciie'e. ivhich 'it scents, are kept On one S!fBt1Iof th b EU"slli"« outsi.io. fovidtv at theUa!T'! 10 of our' choir fit on l1 ,s,? sallery where the c on it Sundays, aud below the gallery an with rduud a're'l or'",mc.lltei' like the chancel, prettv t 0M,fl curiously interlaced, very pretty, though much worn witli aire In tho -churchyard outside there is an old yewainoun- ho graves As for tombstones the v are few marks e'hfo ' a Vi aios' 1,10 mo'uud «hicll h ! W|riat,n;tl'iS grandchildren, survive \\--l n,ill)J "p? offa to'ifis'oae after this, I wn , ' ,S c'oa," forgotten ? How many, I uondei, even of the great, are remembered longer than these simple viUa»m ? " lo this church we came every Sunday! 'my htnil of'tll f'Ul"? l'le 1)0W oa "m right "'o olittnce , arttl, after the PrisonSr's ti,o i t, i 'a,m 0Ifl"'e alld Raymond wills us. liielu£ hana pewwasoccupicd by Mr. Thipps, retued purser of the King's navy, and his wife. Lrv«3 f !> uglltor t0 a Portsmouth i ' 'ho fievt; . In the long" nave, uever hah filled, sat .the villagers.'.: " the choir was in jlie.gallcry at the end where was the music the violin, violoaceiio mid flute ; iu the north transept sat the soldiers of the garrison, near .the church dcor, so lhat.iu case of trouble tliev miglit troop out quickly. dk:re were ho gcatlefolk in the village uu- less.we cpuut ourselves. I nm well aware that people who sell fruit -aud vegetables from a market boat, oven though, the head of the family lie au ' alderman, -cannot ho regarded as belougiug to the quality. But if awrmanis by mtuTiTge raised to iler husband's rank, it is beyond question that my own position, bad overv one her rights, should bo among the noblest in the county, oven though the boat still goes down the harbor (tlio profits boiug very far short of what they were in the war time), aud though some persons, jealous of niv conucction with the old French nobility, sniff) as I am in formed, at tlio pretcusions" of a ' market gar dener. Suilliug cannot extinguish rnuk. And perhaps . now that wo . are iu easier circumstances, and have succeeded to my cousin loin's estate, my son may one .day resurao tlie ancient title. Outside the gates Hie village tavern, now so quiet -the week thiqugh. except on Saturday evenings was crowded all day long with sol diers drinking, smoking tobacco and talking about the war. There was a canteen iu tlie castle, but the men mostly preferred the tavern, because,' I suppose, it was more homelike. In (he, evening'. there was a mighty gathering at the club, held in the upper room, where tho officers, with a few geutlcmcu from the village, assembled to lake their puucli. The regiments in garrison in the year 1801 were tho lloyal Dorset Militia mid. the. DenbiglrMilitia, under tho ."command of Colonel the lion. Goorgc-Pilt.' afterwards second Lord llivcrs, at this time a muu of 50 years. There were iu Hie caslle at that date no fewer thau 8000 prisouers. , It seems au iu- crcdible number to be confined jin one place. But iu the country altogether 35,000 French prisoners were confined, of whom -1000 wero at Fortori, near Gospo'rt, 0000 in the hulks in the harbor, and I know not how many at Waltham iu Essex, at Normnu Cross, at Fly-mouth and up the Mcdway. These nicn wero not, it is true, all French sailors, hut they comprised tlie very pick aud flower of tho Frencli.usvy. . Why,; the pretended peace of 1802, for what purpose was it concluded but to get back these sailors whom we fought again at Trafalgar ? As for exchange,' 'tis true that France had some 10,000 English prisoners, with a few thousands of Hanoverians, but the advantage was all on their side. , ' A great fortress with 3000 prisoners ntul a garrison ot 2000 men within a stone -throw. of the village : yet these prisouers disturbed us little. Iu the day time those, who. .were on parole could walk out of the castle aud about the village ; but tlicy made no disturbance, the common sort wero not suffered out ou parole at nil, so that we never saw them unless wc went into tlic castle. Their provisions were seat up the harbor from l'ortsmontb. It was by: tlic same way that most of (lie visitors came "to sec them. Within the castle among the prisonorswere farriers, blacksmiths, tailors, shoemakers aud tradesmen. of every kind, so that they had no occasion to go outside for anything except for tlio poultry, eggs and fresh butter which tlie farmers' Wives brought to thc'castic from tlie country round. As for tlic faro of tlic- prisoners, it must be owned that it was of the simplest. STct lion many a poor man iu this country- would be thankful could lie. look forward confidently to receiving every day a pound and a half of. bread aud half n pouuif of beef with vegetables. No beer or nun was served out, bnt those who had money- might buy. it iu the caiitcoii, and that' of ilia best aud at a cheap rnlo. ..AIL that we heard of the prisoners was the beatiag of the drums and the blowing of the whistles in the morning and evening; at night there were a hundred sen: tries,, posted round the castle, almost closo to each othcr,;aud every half hour the sergeant of the main guard went liis'ronnd ami challenged the sentries. -Then those, in dlic .village who wero awako heard -the hoarse .answer of the rhan— ! All's. well "-r-aud the; sergeant! marched -on, and you heard tlio same ivonls a little farther off, and so: oil quite round tho castle, getting fainter ns the scrgoant reached tlio water gate and becoming; gradually , lotplcr as ho rcturiicd to- 'the 'main guard : station' 'outside tho castle gate. ,' Also'ut nine o'clock tlic curfqw belt'was run"', whpii nil lights had to be put out and the men turned in. Ouco tlicro was 4 great scare, for the maii whose 'duty it whs.to.riug the bell; au .old inau named Clapsliaw, fell' asleep just "before 0 nud work up at midnight; . Thiukiug ho had licea slqepiug only.' for it niinutb or 'jwo he seized the rqpc and '-ran" lustily. Tlicn'thc gniiison wii's hastily tUrncif out, 'nud, tho wliqlc country' si'lo 'roused' by "tlio '.alarm \ of . .tho midnight hell, mid all "the mcn'V.in tho village aud from Cosbain, Wyipcriug,' Widlcy, Soutli- lVick, l'archaiu and even. Titchhroqk, all with one consent came poiiriug hdq Fbrchcst'er, arnicd witH'whntcvcr tliey could snatch, think ing it was a rising of tho prisoners. At tho Iicnd of the Torchoster squad' inarched uonc other lhao tmf Sally, brandishing a iiitchfork, and full of valor. . Tliey wero nt Wight con fined to ' their (jpattcrs, somo in buildings erected in the outer court, ;soiue in the four towers of tho inner . castle. 0( these, the largest,, the keep, yvas divided into Id ropras, without counting the. dungeons,' and glqqmy rooms they were, being lighted ouly by, narrow loon' hole?. " Tlio other towers, were sipnlicr. In one called the QneJn's Tower-'it «'as whis- pered with shuddering—' there was a dissecting room uscu by the French surgeons who were among the prisoners, ami by the Knglish rci- mculal surgeons. As for the men's quarters, it may be taken for granted that tliey were not luxurious. Some of lliem bad hammocks, but when the press grew thicker, straw was thrown i upou the floor for those to sleep upon for whom hammock room could not be found. Hard as \:as the lot of the Forchcficr prisouers, how ever, it was comfort indeed compared with that of the men immured at some other prisons— notably atForton, where there was hardly room to stand in the exercise , ground, and they lay, at uiglit as thick as herrings in a barrel ; or with those who were confined iu the hulks which wore used as punishment ships whcrc.'tlic rc- fraciory aud desperate were sent, and where half rations speedily- brought tlicm to reason and obedience. At Forchest'er, the. prisoners got nt least plenty of- fresh air, sunshine: and room to walk about.. .For. the refractory, be-: sides tho hulks arid half rations,' there whs a black hole; and if a man tried to escape, .the sentries had orders, after calling upon him -to Stand, to fire if ho did not obey.; " ". The prisoners, I have said, wcro.inoslly French sailors ; hut .there were a good iiiauy soldiers among them, such as those taken in the conquest of. the Freuch colonies ; there were also hundreds of privateers' men, us good sailors as nay in tho Ilcpublicnu Navy. Among these were many vendbons who had been con cerned in the rising ; they thought to escape tho penalty which overtook so many of their comrades by. going -on board" a privateer, , but being takon prisoners jumped, as oue may say.: but of tlic fire into tlie frying pan. Among them also at one time wero n thousand negroes, formerly slaves, but turned into soldiers by the Freuch and taken at- tho Island of St. Viuccat. The winter, however, killed most of these poof fellows very quickly. Auother company of soldiers were Hie men intended for the invasion of Ireland,, and captured off the Irish coast. A sturdy band of veterans thov were, aud a lucky thing 'it was for us that they did not laud. After the battle of Cumperdowu no fewer than 1300 Hutch sailors were brought to the Castle, at these gallant Hollanders, who had been dragged into tlio, war without any. wish' on their, part. to fight for France, mostly volunteered into our service nud became good British sailors; The earliest prisoners were zealous Itepubli- cans, especially those taken prisoners by Lord Howe after the " First of June," iu" 179-1.' These men used to show their sentiments by dancing nud singing Ca Ira, and La Car magnole every night, aud flinging their red caps in the air. , " Lc Due do York avait pram!i, quo Duiiiiucrijuc !ui sta-a!l reuil Mais il n mat cimte, Grace nuos.c.nionlC'.'T, . .Dansonslo carmagnolo;- : - . Vive lc son! ' Ylvclc'son!" - : D.msons lo 'carinngno!o ; . : ' . ' Vivo lo son ! ' . . Uu canon. , ' , . ' , Such is the ignorance of the liritisli Soulier that our men understood not one word of tills song, and as they only laughed, aud ; were amused at these demonstrations the. zeal of the liepnblicans presently abated. ! ) ' After tho defeat of. tho Spanish fleet by. Ad miral Jervis, off Capo St. Yiucent, a" great number of Spaniards wero brought iu, aud tbeso proved a very desperate lot indeed. . It was a company of these, fellows who laid a plot to escape, thinking to . tako one of the small vessels iu the harbor, and to get out to se.u They got somo horse. shoe files ; ground them to a fine edge and a point, and fitted them lo handles, so as to make excellent daggers. Armed with those they got into the dungeon under tho Queen's Tower and began to dig their way out. They were secured, after a desperate fight, iu which oue .or two got killed, aud were scat ou .board the bulks, where they stayed. Among tbe officers the. most remarkable Was a certain General Tule, formerly of the. Irish Brigade, who was sent with a legion composed entirely of galley slaves to invade the coast of Wales, n wild and desperate attempt, resolved upon, one would think, with the view, first of getting rid of the galley . slaves; and secondly of cffecling a diversion of troops to a distant part of tho : couutry. The ships wero wrecked at a place called Fishguard, and the men mutinied and spread about- tbe country to rob and plunder .until-, they wero caught or shot down. Their commander was a Hue old man, tall and. erect, with long .white hair, on hereditary enemy to Great Britain, hut good company, and a man of excellent manners. There were other nolablo prisoners. The wrelcli Tallien, who murdered 700 ttoyalists at Quibcron, was hero for. a Ehort tiiiie. General Baragnay d'Hilliors was nlso.horc. Oaco there arrived a whole shipload of (youug ladies, iaken on board a ship bound for- tlio. lslq-of France,' whither tliey were sailing in /search of bus, bauds. They were nbt dctainSd long, and ; the Indies mid. gentry of' the coiiiitfy inndo their stay pleasant for them with danccs.nnd parties.- Onq of tlieiil. remained behind'! to marry mi Englishman. ; There wns also' a "certain black general, 'whose name. I forget -die had -'with liim fout wives;;' ami there, was a young fellow who) 'after 6 mouths'of prison life' fell ill; arid was discovered to be a woman. Strange things happened among" ttiem.' Thus; onb diiy, a certain French; captain, who hud been morose for. "a. long Hmc, mounted to the roof of tho keep and tlirow himself over, being rveary of his life. ' AVheu ' tlio- qnarrellod, which was often, they fought duels with swords, for want of. proper weapons, made ontofhits.of iron, filed and sharpened and lied to tlio ends of sticks. Aud there was' one man who was continually escaping, .Ho would climb down the wall at night unseen by tho. sentries ; tlicu ho would seek shelter in tbo forest of Bero and livo by deprcdati:n among the poulhy yards nud farm houses (ill ho was caught aud sent hack. Once he actually made his way to Lon don, aud called at the house of SI. Otto, who wis the French commissioner for the prisoners. "The daily.lifo of the prisoners was weari some ajiid monotonous. Somo of them had inoucy sent by their frlcuds, with which they could buv driiik and tobacco and clothes ; most had none.- . They lounged' awajr tho hours' talking idly ; they gambled all day ldng— for what «take3 I kuow not ; ' hut thoy were as eager .over . the gara.es as if there we're thousands of pouuds depending .on tlic result. Thoy plave'd' dominoes, backgammon and. draughts, ; tliey' smoked as 'mucu tobacco asthey could' procure ; few of them— I speak of tho common sort knew. how. to read or writo their language 'was full of blasphemy aud oaths':; 'the' soldiers for' tho mist oart had - ahan-' doncd at! religion, but tlie sailors retained Uicir former faith. The happiest nmqiig'.tliein were those who had a trade and' qoiild . work; at it;' the carpenters, tailors, shoemakers, cook's aud harbors, who were always at wolk and made considerable earnings.' Besides "tlio regular trades, there were aits by which larger siijiis. were made. The place" in the sumnlcc'was crowded with visitors, who fauna from 'all the: couutry round— from Portsmbutti, the' Isle of Wight, Southampton, Lymingtbn, Fa'reham— even from Winchegtcr and Chichester— tefgiizo' upou the' prisoners. These people, after, "star-' ing at the strange wild creatures, unkempt aii3: ragged, were easily persuaded to limy the pretty- things which thc'iubrc ingenious of tlicin' carved, such as toys, tobacco stoppers and nick-nacks out of wood, the simpler tilings liiadb" of soft deal, but., tlie. more expensive of some eliaiico piece of oak or a pine knot."' Out of beef boiios' they made models of. ships, chessmen, draughts,; flomiuocs and' card' counters; ' but .'of dried .straws tliey braided work boxes, dinner., raits, and all .kinds of pretty useless, tilings; 'find some of tlicin made thread hiee so beaiitifiillv: that it was sold at a great price nud carried all about the comitfv, and all (ho Iaccmakcrs began to cry out when the Government stopped that 'industry.' . .. : 1 , Two priests were allowed to go in and out among them : aiid'to, celebrate; the FujjisticaL mass, which was done every . nioruiug -in a ruined gallery called the chapel. It was boarded, glass, was put into the window, a door was provided rind au altar rigged-iip. Madame jC'lairo came daily, and some of the Vcudcau and Breton sailors. The rCst stayed away even bn Sundays; and many,, if tlio priests ever spoke .to 'llicui of religion, answered only with blas phemy and execration. Why should d ! horrid atheism" lie joined to republican principles? Tct llic'United States of Amei cimd the !nu-s States aro not atheistical. . i Cii.u'rzr. TIL— il'iiK Famiuy Lt-CK. ..The. .Aruoids— whose real name was Arnault, but it has. thus been Englished— came to l'orchcstcr early in The year -179-1. -"Why tliey directed their, stops to this village I know not. They, were saved, with many mora, whon the city, of Toulon was taken by ' the French.! liaymond, who was then 1+ .years of age, has often described to me the terrible .nigbt when the Freneli poured shot and .shell upon tho Iowa while the English fired flie -arsenal, and destroyed tlioso ships which they cqiild not carry out. With his mother he was taken on board an English ship, bcigg separated by tho crowd from his father, who was, unhappily, left behind. On hoard. tho same fillip was found his aunt. Madam ..Claire, called iu religion Sister Angelique, How she got ..there, she kuow not nor .could she ever remember, her wits, being scattered tor the time, with the terrors of the night, tho awful. flames,. (ho 'roar Tot the 'cannon and tho . bursting' ' "ot tlio shells. When, however, slid recovered her .senses- . it was ...found' that she was grasping the bag which coutaiubd tho most precious of all the . family treasures, namely, the Golden Rose, presented by a eeftain Fopc ivlio lived T know hot how long ago— it was when the Topes were at Avigiiou,' instead of. llome— to oue of the ladies of their house; then, mid until the 'Revolution, due, of : the most illustrious houses in tbo south oF Franco! .With/the rose the Fopo gave hie blessing; with the prqinise, it was said— .though how a rnerd man, eyeu the. Tape of lliiine, can presunio tb make .sucli a promise o'tie kuows not—that so long us" tho rose remained : wi tli the family the lino should never cease'. Certainly, the' jiac h'iitli never, ceased ' for ' 500 ; years "mid - more, though after the death of Hay mbad's- father; he himself, a hoy of 1-1, was tho sole Represen tative. , As for the rose itself, which is now in my possession and kept locked "up, , it is a strange thiug to look at, being the imitation' of a rose bush about 15 inches high, .in piird.red'goldj No ouo would giicss, without being tbld, that it was intended for a rose hnsh, for (lie trunk and branches '.are straight, aud :stiif and. as much like a real rose -bush, as a tree in a sampler is like a rcM tre'ei It is provided with leaves , also of gold, and wilh flowers , and hudsj Which- are, se,t with all kinds of precious : stone?, small iu 'size,' hut beautiful in color, such'as rubies, emeralds, sapphires anil many : others whote ' names I know not, I supposo there is. uo oilier ex ample in the w-liolc oF liis Majesty's realms of such n rose. I have heard that the .King of Spain on the Emperor'of Austria "may possibly have one,- but: probably there, is no otherHoly ltose in the 'possession of a' private family.' - When thoy landed at Fortsmoutii these fugi tives had nothing, neither : money ,' nor clothes, nor friends. ... One of theiu was .a ludy who know nothing of -the world,' .having been for the most of lier life in a convent ; nuqtlier was a daily whose 'anxiety 'foir ;h'er hnsband" was driving her mad ; .and the, third was ouly a boy, A mora, pitiful party was never landed" from France;" .ubt.'cvcu counting jthat boit load of uufoHiuiStej'V«h7/n'k which, was found ,in Sonlliamptou wnter ouo uioruing,' "starving and penniless aud- alniost naked, -There , was no: thing, by wlitcli : these ladies could earn their bread,- because tliey ) coql'd do nothing. ;Yet tlioy were richer tliaii am- df. th'ercst.' ibecatjse they had with! theiri the golden ro?e." ' ' , " . V' i 1 kuow not- exactly- when" or how thoy licaril the truth about : llio head of their, liouso .thus left lo tho mercies of tho revblUtiomBs,kbtit'<it was" after they daude'd' , dt ' Portsjiibuth' ."arid before they wcut to I'brclicstcr, aud the flows was brought to tlicin, I': kuow, by 'in eye wit- uess. The Republican army, on tho reduction of the city, made the whole of the rcmaining inhabitants prisoners ;; and . they shot alt rhoso, including tho Coiutc d'Eyragucs who wero of rank and. position. Against him, it was said, a certain roan who had been a dependent or humble friend — Madam Claire would never talk about this — gave reformation so that his fute was at once decided mid he was shot. Aud when this news arrived his widow went out of her miud, aud, uuliko Madam 'Clairo, who had ouly been seared, she. never recovered. "Ladies," said tlie "Vicar of Forehcstcr, when . ho. was called to consider, their case, " tlicro is no alternative. You must sell this precious relic." ' Ho addressed both ladies, hnt only oue heard and understood him! ' - ' ,r Alas 1" pried that oue, " if it wore not for Raymond I would rafher rtatve tliau part with it, aud to lot it go is to ipipcril tlio poor boy's life since there, is; now nq other to coutiuuc tho family." ' . ' .. . You may' send it .to. London," said the Vicar, " to be . sold to somo great noblcmnti, ris a wonderful' curiosity,' or you may sell, it to ' a merchant for -t tie "value of its gohl and precious stones. Or, if you. prefer, you 'may sell- it little by little. . . Thus you might kbep the rose itself for a lorig. timo by selling tho jewels of tlio flowers, See:; Some of the'sto,il93 aid largo and valuable. ' Take ' one out aud'fet mo silt it " for yriiir iiniriecliato wants, ;When the,' money, is cxliaus.lotl you can !giyo inl« anotlfor,"aiui so ou. yPdrliaps; long before you coine' (q tiifi 'bmi, your fortuuos will chauge, tlie. Rjpublio. will ho riyerthrowu rind' the 'tmigrdf rotqrfleil," , " AiasF' sho crieirigain 'i.Tlie jewels are a part of tlio -TMly Ifose andj'thoy have boon 'wc'ssdlVhyTh'e Pope (himsblf; ' Is it not the; sin 'of:sac'rilege ''' ' , ' On" thb" cqntrqVy, . ifatlrinf," the j Vicar'i'c plied smilii'ig. c , iyl suppose, That the (blessing of the Pope has ' never before proved of so practical ri value." ' " ,T reiiie'iriber, vori: will the oflieti-'anyist for thc neivs had spread abroad, that somo French people were'-, going' ..to" livo ' in' Mr. l'jiipps's cottage, audi went oiit to 'see them ' conic. ; Tliey were brought 'up in a 'boat from Portsmouth and lan'ded;'c!o'se to, tho' water 'gati of the castlo (there Were' 'nb .prisoners in tlia castle as.yct.)" The ;Vicrir;was' witU tlieiii'aiijd led them through' tlib castle iiito the village. You may' bo slire:-we rill ' stared, never ihtnl?- ing /that' , "we: Sripald ; behold ou 'Eng- Lsh .'ground '. so; . sirango a creatiirb ,!las a jinn; Yet '/hero' .'"was one dressed in a; blue cloak and 'hluo (frock with' a wiiitif starched hood or cap.<; . She carried' X lag '-irv her liarid, 'nnd round her rieck'w'as a gold' i haiii with a crucifix. ' Oa/bne side of her walked btir vinar, who, I suppose, had , persuaded them -to seek, this asylum ;, rind 'oh the othetalailj richly dressed, though with the stains'of the 'voyage and rough weather upon her fine clothes. The nun was pale aud walked with her oycf downcast; . This lady tossed lier head arid laughed;" talking without cessation. Sha laughed, bocauso she' was out of her mind, having been driven mad, we learned, by terror aud the loss of-her hnsbaud. Aud she talked because she believed, that lier husband was still living mid that he was alwavs with her, day and night. ' T'liis belief she maintained till her death, aud'certairily nothing happier could have befallou-the poor lady. Very soon those who wentto the house, began to believe that it was not a mad woman's fancy, but that the spirit other husband was permitted1 to remain on carfli for his Wife's protection, and, though one may uotbe believed, I dare assert that the house thus haunted had ' no terrors for mo, though a ghost in my own' room would havs driven me mad with fear, Behind the ladidi walked a haudsomo boy, black eyed arid with black huir. Little did I think how that boy was to become the whole joy of niv - life.'1"' v. ' v: ' There was never, 1 am certain, a. houschoiit more frugal than this. , The two ladies 1 scented to live altogether upori brcad ami salad; or upon bread dipped iri oil; while Madame Clhiro rigor ously kept rill the fastsof- her church'- (though none of the feasts), abstaiuiug from all food ex cept that which is nfesol utely necessary. They kept fowls, tho eggs of which served instead Of meat for Raymond ; t hoy lived in their little cottage at a rent of ouly £3 a year. As foi their clothes, Madame Claire mended them, washed them aud ironed .them, though sonic times llsymond was in need of boots and cdats, and thou money must be.fotiud. Yet with- nl: this frugality, the stones slowly diminished': ths Holy'1 Rose' begad to assuirio a shabby nut' (so tq spenfc) an autumnal aspect, for tho yean went oa nud the Republic was not overthrown nor w-ere the e/«fpi-cs-iuvited-to return to their property;- ' ' : When we became friends, which was vorj sooni'tho hoy: taught me his langungo and H tangiit. Jiim mine. -Which was the aptci scholar Ikiiow not. Ho was, three years Oldet than I, but' was nevor ashamed to piny with'-'a girl;' Whon ho had no-work to do, eithor los- . sons- for tho Vienr or work iu-the garden where they grdw-their salads, he woultl' go with me either to row down the crook amori;Ji(. nten of war iu the harbor, or to ramblo ill tin woods beyond Portsdowit Hill. And. thus w« cootiuncd companions and friends', although w< were grown out of boy and girl, and before wi became lovers, though 1 believe wo were- lover from the beginning. e . - Raymond was uot a bookish boy, uor did fa take to'th'e learning with Wliich tho Vicar wonh have supplied him iu ample quantities.' But though ho grow up a peaceful aud ovou gcutlt young man, as;aboy lie excelled in alt- kinds oi manly games, mid was ready to wrestle, -run oi leap with any of his own "age," or to fight with any who called him Freuch Frog: or JobnnV Crnpmtd. Consequently iio rcceived tho rcspeiit Which is always paid to the possessor of courage. It is strange to noto how'boys will, sometimes become enemies and rivals from- tho very first. This was the case witii my cotisiu Tom and Ray mond. Tom was stronger, bnt Raymond was more active. -To in spoko behiud : -Raymond's back of -French iiupudeiico, French prcsumpticn arid French brag,: but: I fl'qvor heard lliat ho allowed '"hiiiuolf - those liberties' before Ray mond's fiico. Aud-I vvc-ll'i.reihcmbpr on 26th .July, -which is Forisdowri|Fair,:Jiowin the sport i upon the running walks at Ihc- back of itichard- son's Theatre,- Raymond laid Tom fair and- flat upon his; back nt-wrestliug, so: that lio -liiupbt away shaken all over and -growling about fou pliry, -though it was as fair a' throw as wasicvei seen:' .;v- - -a --< ; '-Eater 'on it pleased Tom' to descfifio limisel., as' a- fival of Raymond's for riiy good- graces, which was ridiculous, because everybody al ways know that ' Raymond ' was my sweethoart and I'nover could Iravo given a thought to Tom cvori if Raymond had not been there, before him. Who conld eudtirc tlio caresses of a lout who was always longing to he where cocks arc fought, badgers drawn, prize fights fought aud races run, whoso clothes smelt of the stable and whose langungo was that of grooms aud hostlers and jockeys ? It pleased him, too, iu spite of the lesson 1 aught- him at Porlsdown Fair, to affect a coutempt for liaymond. Us laughed scornfully wheu lie spoko "of; him. : "One Englishman," ho said, " is worth thtco .Frenchmen, everybody knows; that. Wait, Molly, till' I giro liiin a basting." - Yet the daj of that basting did not arrive; ' And I suppose that tlio threatening promiso was made to none hnt myself, otherwise Raymond would havo been told, iu which case, it is cor- tain, tlib thing would- have been brought to' a head. Very likely it >'made Tom happier to bc- liovo that he could qdmiuistcr that basting if ha should choose- ' As you will 6ce presently, tlio Inomont ''actually chosen by him for the pnr« ' pose was unfortunate;' '/ ' . . \- It was 'difficult for tlic and fniigrcs for .theie sons to find- emjiloyineut by which to- riintra their livelihood. -For though in this eeuntp, every calling is open to nil, so that many of onr Bishops nnd Judges have been poor boys to begin, yet a young man's choico is generally . restricted by tlio circumstances of his birth and condition. Thus the son of the village enr- penter succeeds lus father, and the man who hath a good shop bequeaths it to lus son. But if a young man aspires to a profession he must bo able to spend a great deal of money in order to learn its secrets and to be received by tome learned society as a member. Nothing can be dono without money or interest. If he would be a farmer he must bo able to lay out money upon stnek and implements, if a trades- man he must be apprenticed, if ho be a clergy man he must be able to buv a living unless he find a patron ; if ho wishes to become a soldier, he must buy a commission ; if ho bo a sailor he must bribo some one or reinnin for ever a midshipman ; if he would find a Govern- meat office— even of the humblest kind — lie must bavo interest to procure it for bun or money to buy it. Somo of tlio dmtqri's became teachers, be cause teaching is the only kind of work which requires no money, apprenticeship, lutcrest or bribery. They taught their own language for the most part, or certain accomplishments which they were well qualified to undertake, namely, dancing, music, deportment, drawing and so forth. The more ingenious painted pic tures or carved statues ; some composed music: 6omc carved in wood and lvorv ; some becauio conjurers, ventriloquists, tumblers, or circus riders ; a good many became cooks or barbers ; some, I have heard, became gamblers by pro- i fession, and if they belonged to the better class sort, plaved cards at clubs ; if to the baser, played cards at fairs and races. Some turned thieves and rogues, but these were lew. A great many went home again as soon as it was safe, but they did not get back tlieir lands. Some went to America, but I know not what tliev did there. Whatever thov did it was always as a mako- and be restored to their own property. As for Bavmond, it was necessary that lie should work for his bread as soon ns possible. Fortunately, though be loved not books he was continually drawing and painting. It is an art by winch some men live, cither by teachmg, or by selling their pictures. " Let the boy," said the Viear, " cnltivnte this gift, so that, perhaps, it the need continues to exist, it mav provide him tho means of tin honor able livelihood nntil the day when you shall happily under Providence, return to your ewu." Iu short, Raymond was put linear n master at Gossport uutil tho ago of 19, wliea ha bad learned nil that could be taught him. Then, because pupils nru not to be found m Porchcstcr, bo went to Portsmouth, taking a room in -Warbliug- strcet, and began to teach such of the young officers as wished to learn \- the art of drawing . and painting and making plans aud maps, especially plans of fortificn- tio.is. But the time went oil. nnd the successes of the Republican armies did not: hold out much hope. that tlic return of the Nobles would soon take place Chapter IV. — Is tiie Other Cami>. " Huzza Molly ' " cried my cousin; his face full of exultation. "'Tis now certain that wo shall have peace. I baao been drinkingtlio health of Honey, whom I shall over love for calling homo all starving Frenchmen. ' . . . . 11 Will the emiqtd go home, too, Tom ?" " Ay , tlicy w ill all go What' Do you think wo shall suffer them to stay any longer; tha ragged, greedy, bloodsuckers, when there : are houcst Britons out of work?"' Not so — they must pack " '(Will their property bo restored; to them then?" " Nay, I know not. 'Tis thought at the tavern that something will bo : done for them, but 1 know not what. Well Molly, so you.will lose your fine lover." ' : _ . " Never mind my fine lover, Tom." . " Nay, I mind him not a button." Here ho put ono band in his pocket 1 and with tho.othor shook lus cudgel playfully. ': "Molly, he is a lucky lad. Another week and-he would have had a basting. Ay, in another week at furthest I must have drubbed him." " Oh I Tom ; how long lias that drubbing been threatened. Nay it wero a pity, if Ray mond must go, for bim never to know your truly benevolent intentions. 1 will tell him this evening." " As you please, my girl, as you please," ho roplicd carelessly and sauntered away but turned back after a few steps. " Molly," he said, " I think it would be kind to let this poor man go in ignorauce of what would bare . oeiauen mm. wnatr Tie cannot help being a Frenchman. Don't let him feel his misfor tunes more than is necessary." This was thoughtful of Tom. " Then, Tom, I will not tell liiin. Bat it : is for your sake and to spare you, not him, the drubbing. Oh, Tom, bo would break every bono in your body. .But if you mean what . you say and are really not afraid of him, why not tell him wlmt you have told me ?" . " Well, Molly, you can snv what you like. : But you are not married yet, my girl, Yon .are not married yet." . I did not tell Raymond, because 1 think it is wicked for a woman to set men fighting, though it is commonly done by villago girls. But I had no anxiety on the score of Tom's desiro . to baste anybody. I might bnvo felt some anxioty had I reflected that the ways of a mau . tflieu iu liquor cauuot always be foretold. Raymond thought little of Tom at this timo. Tho conditions of the peace left liim iu coin- : pany with the Royal Family of Prance and all : the dmigrds out iu ihe cold. One cannot deny, .though he is now an Kiiglisliiuan and is con tented to forget his native country, that be was t that time much cast down. , "For 10 years," he said, "our lives Lave ; seemed au interruption ; we have beeu in par enthesis; whatever wo did, it was but a stop- , gap ; we have endured hardship patiently, be- . :auso it would pass ; Great Britain has beeu ; fighting for ns. Well, all is over. Tho Go- . vermncut has abandoned us ; the revolution has : succeeded ; there will be no more kings or ; nobles iu France." Peace was made, and tho French princes, the .. Royalists. and tho French nobles who thought . that we should never lay down our arms until Ik) old state of thing was restored, found that , tboy wero abandoned. To me, because 1 now . took my ideas from Raymond, it seemed shame ful, and 1 blushed for my country. But one can now plainly see that when an enterprise is found . to bo impossibly, tho honor of a country cannot , be involved in prosecuting it any further. It took 12 years more of war for France to under stand the miseries she had brought upon her self by driving away her Princes. As soon as tlio opportunity arrived Great Britain led them back again. ' Twas no great filing of a peace after the expenditure of so much blood and treasure. England, we learned, was to keep certain pos sessions taken from the Dutch, and to give back those she had taken from the French. But tho strength of France was so enormously improved, Buonaparte being master in Spain, Italy, Por tugal, and I know what beside. And evoryono prophesied the breaking out, before long, of another and a more prolonged war. This, iu fact, speedily happened as everybody knows. Tho general j'oy, however, was wonderful. So great was it in London that the people fought and struggled for the honor of taking the horses from the carriage of the French ambassa dor — be was a certain Colonel Lauriston, of English ancestry, and yet a favorite with Buona parte — and dragging it themselves with shouts aud cheers. The city of London and every other town in the country was, we heard, illu- miuatcd at night with tho lighting of bonfires, (lie firing of squibs and the marching of mobs about the streets. At Portsmouth they received the intelligence with more moderate gratitude, because, although it is without doubt a griev ous thing to consider the continual loss of so many gallant men, yet it must Le remembered that a seaport flourishes in lime of war but languishes iu time of peace. In war there happens every day arrivals and departures of ships and troops, the advance of prize money, the engagement of dockyard hands, the con course of people to see the troops and the fleets, the fitting out and victualling of the vessels — all of which keep the worthy folk full of busi ness, so that they quickly make their fortunes,- build aud buy houses, aud retiro to the country aud a garden. At Porchcstcr the landlord of the TftTcru cursed the peace which would take from bim hie rnclnm TTr linwovAP- waq thi> nnl'v mnn who did not bail the news with pleasure. As for the castle, not only the prisoners, but tho garrisou as well — no soldier likes being con- vcrtcn into a prison warder — rejoiced. They mado a great boniiro in the outer court. Beautiful it was to see the old keep, and tho walls, aud the church lit up at night by the red blaze oi the flames. Soldiers and prisoners arm in arm danced ronnd the fire shouting and singing. Casks of liquor were sent in — I know- not by whom — nnd the serving out of the drink increased the general joy. After this, and until the prisoners were all gone, it was truly wonderful to see tho change. First of all, the soldiers with the loaded muskets were removed from the walls, and there wero no more sentries except at tho gates. Why should prisoners be watched who would certainly make no attempt to escape now that the vessels which were to carry them home were preparing for them? 'Our journals; we heard, in like manner ceased to abuse the First Consul, and began to find much to admire (the first time for nearly 10 years) iu the character of the French. Yet these prisoners had dorio nothing to inako them our friends, which shows that' Providence never designed men should cut each others throats, only because they speak different languages; and from this day until tlioir dopnrturo tho prisoners wero allowed freely to go outside the castle walls, a privi lege' which hitherto had been granted to few; A strange wild crew they were who now trooped out of the castlo gates, and swarmed in tlio villago strcot. Some limped from old wounds ; some had lost an arm, a leg, an cyo ; nearly. all were ragged and barefoot ; nearly all; wore their hair hanging long and loose about their , shoulders. Some had monstrous great beards, aud most wore those long moustacliios which impart an air of such great ferocity. Whether thoy were in rags or not, whatever their condition, one aud all bore themselves with bs much pride, and walked as gallantly as if thoy wero so many conquering heroes, and at the sight of a woman would toss up their chins, pull their moustachios, stick out their chests and strut for all the world liko a tnrkcy cock, and as if they wero all able and willing to conquer the heart of every woman. They did no harm in tho village that I ever heard of. They could not buy anything, because tliey had no money. They were too proud to beg. Ono day, however, I saw a little company of lliem looking over our paliugs into the garden, when as yet there was nothing but blossom and the first pushing oi the spring leaves. Iu their eyes I saw a yearning after certain herbs nnd roots which every Frenchman loves. It was long, I thought, sinco theso poor fellows had tasted onions, garlic, or any savory licrb. I called in the men, and made them happy with as many strings of onions ns lllej COU1Q CHTrj ) U jllv »\ QlCOj \\\ lilt IflC ftlltll" tion of a little oil and vinegar, scut them away completely happy. They were now eager to get home again, although for many, Pierre told us, the exchange would be for the worse. " The prison rations," ho said, " are better than (he faro which many of us will eDjoy wliou we got home. In a campaign the soldiers have to fight on what they cau get. Then if there is to be no more fight ing, most of the army will be disbanded and the men will bctako themselves again to the plough and to their trades. But if a man goes for a soldier he forgets his trade, liis hand and eye are out. He will get bad wages with long hours, the condition of a slave — surely it is nothing else — and none of the glory of war." Pierre spoke of the glory as if every private soldier who took part in a'victory was to bo re membered ever afterwards as an immortal hero. "Oh I 1 deny not that there arc some, even some Frenctimeu, who love not war. To them tho peace is the most welcome news in the world. What ? Is every soldier a hero ? Does every man love tho linrd ground better than a soft bed ? Is the roar- iug of artillery a pleasing souad for everyone ? Not so ; some men aro by nature intended io drive quills, aud weigh out spices, aud dress tho ladies' heads. There must be grocers and barbers as well as soldiers." " And what will yoil do, Pierre?" asked Raymond. " I hope to remain in the army. But liow long will the peace continue ? Think you our great Gcueral is one who will be content to re main quiet while a single country remains nu- conqucrcd? Ha is another Alexander, the Great; he marches from conquest to conquest; he is a Hannibal who knows no Capuar Thore aro still two conntrics which daro to hold up tlieir heads in defiance of liiin — Great Britain and Russia. Ho will humble both." " What ? Yon look to overran tho world ? " " Consider," he said. " Prussia, Germany, Holland, Italy, these are at his feet. Spain is already in his grasp. Denmark, Norway, Sweden, all are his. What is England, little England, against so mighty a combination? What is Bus ia, with all her Cossacks? The peaco is coucludcd in order that wc inako more vessels, destroy your trade and take yonr fleets. When your ships nre swept off the ocean uothing remains for you but -humble submis sion. Look, therefore, for another war ns soon ns wc aro ready, and prepare for the inevitable supremacy of France. Groat Britain reduced, Buonaparte will then load bis victorious troops to Russia, which will offer uothing more tliau a show of resistance to Ins great army. When all tlio countries are Ins, nnd tlio kings de throned, then will be seen 0110 vast Republic, ivitli Paris for its capital and Buonaparte for the First Consul. Loudon, Constantinople, Rome. Vienna nnd Moscow will be of no more importance tlian Marseilles . and Lyous. All will bo Paris." " Very good indeed." said Raymond. " And (lien your First Consul will, 1 suppose, .sit down." " No. -Thcro will remain flic United States of America. India will he ours already by right of our conquest of Grout Britain, and all tho East will be ours, becauso we shall have overcome Spain. 'Holland and Turkey;, also South America auil Mexico. The United Stales will be the last to bow the neck. Buona parte will fit. out three great armaments; -one to Canada, 'ono to New York and one to Balti more. Tho Republicans of America will fight at first for their independence. Then thoy will bo compelled to yield, and .will join- in the Great Confederacy, and from ono eiul to. the other of' tlio whole world all will be part of the Great French Republic." "Thcro aro still Persia, the Pacific Ocean and Clfina." Tlic'J&icific; will be ours because there will bo no sllips afloat but those which fly the Frouch flag;': Persia , is but a mouthful. To conquer China wilb bo but a military pro- mnnmlA . - . — " And after that tho reign of peace I sup pose." Picrro sighed. " Ycs," hc said. When there will be nothing left to fight for I suppose there will be peace, . but by that : time 1 shall perhaps have become a General of Division,' or very likely I shall be old and no longer fit for war. Oh!" his eyes kindled. ." think of tho universal French Republic! 110 more Kings: no more priests ; all men frco and equal." "Why," ; Raymond interrupted, "as for kings, the peace leaves them every man upon bis throne, and as for priests, Iluonapartc's convention with the Pope brings tlicni back to you ; in place of your fine republican principles you bavo got a military despotism ; it must bo a grand thing when every man is free and equal to bo drilled and kicked and cuffed 'iuto shape in order to become a soldier," " Why," said Pierre, "I grant you that we did not expect the Concordat. Well, the women arc too strong for us, but the men are emancipated ; they have got no religion left. While, for your military, despotism, how else can wc establish our Universal Republic ? And what better use can yon mako of a mau than to drill hint,' and put him in the ranks? Rut wait till tho cou-i quest of the world is complete and the reign of universal liberty begins." "_As for mo," said; Raymond,- " I stand on the 6ido il order, which means authority,.- rank, religion nnd a monarch." \ And - 1,"- said Pierre, "on the sido of man, which means government by tho peoplo and the nboliliou of the .privileged class; - I am -a son of flic people, and you, my friend, - are nn Aristo. Therefore wo are in op; posits cauipe." ... ' " Your Republic li.ns her bands roil with inno- ccnt blood,- and her pockets full of. gold which she has stolen. These arc the first fruits of government by the peoplo. I " I dare say wc have made mistakes. Our men wero mad at first, but we are now 111 our right senses. For every man, equal rights and an equal chance, aud the .'.prizes' to r the strongest; aud no mau horn without the fold of nuivorsal brotherhood; Wlmt cau your old order show compare with this? " His eyes glowed and his daik check flushed, lie would liavo said raoro but rofraiued because he would not paiu his friend wlio belonged to the other side. Whon I think of Pierre, I love to recall him ns lie stood then, brave aud hand some. Ah! If all the 'children of' tlio people had been like hiin, then the Universal Re public might not have been so dreadful a mis fortune for tlio human race. " We too arc free and equal," said Raymond.. Shake bands, my brother. You shall go out and fight for your cause. Whether you win or whether you lose you shall win honor and pro- motiou. Captain Gavotte, Colonel Gavotte. vciicroi vravuucj riviuiuaniiiu uavoue. x shall sit in peace at home under tho protection of the Uuiou Jack, which may God protect." Chapter V. — Tom's Uxfohtuxate Mistake. It was tlio evening after this conversation that my cousin Tom made so unfortunate a mistake and received a lesson so rude that it cured him for ever of speaking disrespectfully couccrning the strength and courage of French men. The affair was partly duo to me — I do not say tlmt it was my fault, becauso I should behave in exactly the same way again wero it possible for such a thing to liappeu now. My cousin rode into the village one after noon, as was liis custom. Finding that tiiere were uo wagers being decided, cocks fought, or any other amusement going 011 at the Tavern, he took a glass or two aud walked up tho street to call upon mc. "Well, Molly," he began, silting down as if lie iutouded to spend the afternoon with me. "Whcu does your Freuchinau go? Ha! he is in lack to go so soon." Tom," I said, " I forbid you ever again to mention the word Frenchman in my presence. Speak respectfully of a man who is yonr better or go out of tho house." "Suppose," he said, "that I will neither speak respectfully of him uor go out of the house — what then, Miss Molly ? Respectfully, of a beggarly Frenchman who teaches — actually teaches drawing— anybody be can get for a pupil ? Respectfully ? Molly, you mako me sick. Give me a glass of your cowslip, cousin." Well, Tom, I am not strong enough to turn you out, but I can leave you alone in the room." I turned to do so, but he sprung up and stood between me and the door. " Now, Molly, let us understand one another. Send this fellow to the right about" — ho pronounced it being a littlo disguised — rileabow — " send away, I say, and lake a jolly Briton." " Let me pass, Tom." "No. Why 1 always meant to marry yen, my girl. And so I wilL Do you think I will let you go for a sneakin' cowardly" — hero lie held out his arms. " Come aud kiss mc, Molly. There's only 0110 that truly lores tlicc — aud that is Tom Wilgrcss. Come, I say." At this I was frightened, there being no one iu the house whom I could call. Fortuuatoly I thought of Sally, and running to the window I opened it and cried out to her to come quickly. Tom instantly sank into a chair. "Sally," I said, "I do not think I shall want you, but have you your rope's end with you. ' , "Ay, ny, miss," she replied; shaking that weapon, and looking curiously at Tom, whom sho had never lovoii. . - "I do not think, "I repeated; "That'we shall want tho rope's end. Are you afraid of my cousio, Sally ?" "Afraid? 1 should liko. to see any mnn among them all Hint 1 am afraid of." ' . "Then wait in the door,'- Sally, until 1 call you or uutil he goes." ; : " Now Tom, I went on, " lam not without a protector, as you see. AVhy; you poor blus- teriug creature, you arc afraid— yes, you arc nfraid to say the half in' Raymond's presence that you have said to 111c. Fie ! a coward and try to win a girl from her lover." '"Well— I cnimot- fight a woman — you mid voar rope's end," he grumbled. " Say what you liko Molly." " I will say 110 more to you. Sully, .show him tlio ropols end if.-you please." Sho hold it up and nodded. "Sally is ns strong as any m in, Torn, and I will ask- her to lay that ropo across your shoulders if you over dare to come hero again without my leave. / Do you under stand?"- " I am a coward, am I ? I nm afraid to say the half to Raymond, ani I ? Molly, suppose 1 say all this aud more ; suppose 1 thrash hiin and bring liiui on liis knees " "Well, Tom, if you can do tliis, yon have 110 need to fear Sally and her, rope's cud." (Fa tlWlF fltvw moktni ' Minn nf <vntnn» slowly and of his own accord. Sally followed hiin to the garden gate aud reported that lie had returned to the tavern, whero I suppose that lie spent the rest of the day.- smoking tobacco and drinking brandy and water or puncli, in order to get that courage which we call Dutch. In the interval betweon iiio siguing of the peace aud the return of the prisoners Pierre spen t his whole time in the company of Madame Claire and in her service. He was. clover aid ingenious with his lingers, always making aud 'contriving tilings, so that tho cottage furniture, which was scanty aud worn, begun to look as if it was all new. On tliis day he remained at the cottage till lato in the evening, and loft it at 8 o'clock. About tho same time Tom cauio.out of'iho tavern with intent to order his horse and ride home.' Now, by bad luck lie saw; or thought he saw, no other than his enemy, Raymond, coming slowly down the rotid, the . night being clear and fine and a moon shining, so that it was well nigh as bright as day. It was, in fact, Pierre returning to the castlo, hut. dressed as he was in a brown civilian coat, and being at nil time's like Raymond, it wns not ' wonderful that at a little distance Tom should mistako him for Raymond. That lio did not discover liis mistake in getting to closer quarters was due .lo tho drink that was iu him ' "IIo! Johnny : Frenchman ! Johnny Frog !" he cried," Stop, I say, you've got to reckon with 111c." Pierre stopped "Don't try to run away," Tom continued; "Wo liavo' met at last whcio there are no women to call upon." Raymond, to lie sure, never bad asked the assistance of any woman, but that mattered uothiug. "Ha! would you run?; Would you run Pierre was standing still, certainly not at tempting to rati aiid wondering what was tlio mcntnng of this angry gentleman dancing about before him in llic road, brandishing his riding -whip and calling him,- evidently, in- suUiughumcs. "Ha !" cried Tom. goltingmore courage, "a pretty fool you will look when I hnvo done with you. Avery pretty fool." 'These words ho strengthened in the usual way and continued to shake his riding whip, Pinrro still made 110 reply. Tlio man was threatening him, that was certain from his ges tures which are common to all languages. . '.'French frog— Johnny Crapaud— I will flog you till you go on your knees and swear that you will never again dare to visit Jlo'.ly. Ila 1 I will teach you to interfere with a true born Briton." He shook the whip in Pierre's face and be gan to use tho laugungO 'Cttstonfary with those who arc, or wish to appear, beyond themselves with rage, lt.was, however, disconcerting that the Frenchman mado no reply and. showed no sign of submission. ,For Pierre perceived that lie. hail no choico but to fight, unless he would tamely submit to bo horsewhipped. Yet for the life of him I10 could not understand why this man wns attacking him. It could not bo for bis money, becauso ho had none ; uor for any conduct of his which could give the man any pretext, be cause I10 hud never seen him before and (here- fore — I have often wondered whether Tom really believed that Raymond would take a flogging from him— or oven a blow— without such quick and determined resistance as becomes a man. Perhaps, however, his senses were blinded with drink. Tlio French aro not good at hexing, they do not practico lighting witli their fists ns boys ; they liavo 110 prize fights, and in street quar rels I havo heard that the knife is used where our people would strip and light it out. For this reason it is thought tlint they aro not so bravo as the English, nnd it is sometimes thrown in their teeth that they cannot hit out straight aud know not how to use the left hand iu a light. As for their bravery we are foolish to impugn it because we havo fought the F rcnch on many a field and iu many a sea battle, and we do ourselves a wrong when we lessen tho valor of our foes, Besides, it is very well known to all the world, whatever may be said, that tho French arc a very brave and gal lant nation. Though they cannot box thoy can fence ; though thoy do not fight with fists, thoy can wrestlo as well as tho men in tho North of England. fAnd in their fights they havo a certain trick which requires, I am told, a vast amount of dexterity and agility, but is most effective in astonishing and disconcerting an enemy who does not look for it. Suppose, for instauco, that a mau went out fo box in ignorance of so common a trick as the catehiug of yonr adversary's head with the left hand and pumweliug liis face with the right. With what surprise aud'liZZZ325 that mnnreuvre be followed ® Or » ® Ko,|l'l tne surpriso of au untaught man ',lna?i"<! with a master in wrestling tr> S 01' up these strokes, which suddenly throwT m 0"e of his back. Now Pierre was dextl -""P0" nionaco, assumed the watchful attitude nf who intends to light. Ho had notl „g p® hands, not even a walking stick and u„ ' ,us over of slighter build au3 ftdversnry. But if Tom had been abloT 5 derstaud it bis attitude, something liki . " l"1', a tiger about to spring, his eyes & , adversary's face, bis hands ready, his E if on springs, might havo made him evE this last moment hcsitato. With another , Tom raised the whip nnd brought it down mm' Pierre 3 bead. Ilad the whip readied i?sT tiuution there would probably havo been no iecd fo say more about Pierre. But it did ma because lie leaped aside, and tlie blow uj harmless. And then an astonisiiing thinw- occurred. The Frenchman did not strike hf3 nssniluut with Ins fist, uor did he close will him, nor did he try to wrench his whip f ' him, uor did lie cutse and swear, nor dM 1 ' go 011 liis knees aud cry for mercy. Am- of theso tilings may have been expected ''I'M last tiling tlmt could have boon -expected wis what happened. Tlio Frenchman in fact sprang iuto the air leaped up, Tom afterwards swore. 20 feel aid from that commanding position' administered upou Tom's right check, not a kick, or .lllv tiling liko a kick, but so shrewd a box will, ii,„ flat of .tho left boot- that it fairlv knocked hiin over. He sprang to liis feet 'again. |mt again this astonishing Frenchman leaped' up nnd gave hiin a second blow 011 the left cheek with tho flat of his right hoot, which a. rolled him over. This time ho did not trvt,, .... 01.1 l.« ,„..l-„ ,1.. b"" "im "« ».«. ..>> 1111.- ichsi resistance- when ins enemy seized tho whip nnd began to belabor liim liaudsomcly ivitli it, in such sort that Torn thought he was going to be murdered, Presently, liowercr, the Frenchman left off' nnd threw away the whip.. Tom, inking heart! sat up, with astonishment in his face. Hi' enemy was standing over him with folded arms. "You kicked," said Tom. "Yah! von kicked. You kicked your/ infill in (he finy Call that fair lighting-? " Pierre answered never a word. "I say," Tom repeated, " that you kicked. Call that fair fighting i " Pierre made no reply. Then Tom readied for his hat, which had been knocked off at the beginning, aud for Ins whip, which was beside him on the ground. He put on bis hat, and laid his whip across his knees, but he did not get iip. " Very well— very well," lie said, "I shall know what to expect another time. You don't play Ihait trick twice. No mailer now. My revenge will coihc." Still Pierre moved not. "You think I care two pence uccanse von bested 1110 -with your tricks. Well, 1 don't then. Not J. Who .would bo ashamed cf being knocked down by a kick 011 tlic head? 1 Well — all tho country shall know nil nbout it. | What? Do you- think I am afraid of you? I Promise not to kick and come on." i Althouglrhc vapoured in this way, lie look ! care not to. get up from I lie ground. Hut Picrro niade 110 reply, and after wailing n few minutes to sco/if his adversary was satisfied— 1 to bo sure ho had /every reason io express him self fully satisfied— lie turned and went on his way to the castio gates. Then/Torn rose slowly, nnd without brushing tho mud nnd dirt of tho read from his elutlies. returned to the tavern, whero the olik-ers and gentlemen were sitting witli lighted candies. "Why, Tom," said the Colonel, who was among (hem, " what is the matter, man '? You liavo got a black eye. " "Hang it," said another, "it seems to mo that he 1ms got two black eyes, and he lias had a roll in the mud. What was it my gallant Tom? Did you mistake tho haudlo of tho door for yonr saddle, or hiivb you been fighting your horse ia tho stable?". " Landlord, n glass of brandy." He waited .. till he had tossed off this restorative, and then sat down and took off his hat. "Gentlemen," lie said solemnly, looking rouud him and showing a faco vory beautifully colored already where the whip lmd fallen upou him, " never oiler to fight a Frenchman." " Why," said the Colonel, "what have we been doing for 10 years and more ?" " With cannons and guns it matters nothing, or with swords and bayonets. Bat, gentlemen, never offer to fight n Frenchman with cudgel and fists, unless you know lus trick9 and are acquainted with his devilries." "As for fighting a Frenchman with your j fists, that is impossible, becauso he cannot use j thorn. And as for tricks and dovilries, all war 1 consists of thorn," j " 'Tis tho disappointment," said Tom, "ihe I disappointment limt sticks." "It willl ho a devil of a black eye," said ColonelPitt. M "You have a quarrel with a Frenchman/ Tom went 011, "you offer to fight him. What? Can you bestow upon a Frenchman a greater honor than to lot him taste the quality of a Bri tish fist. Instead of accepting your offer with j gratitude, wlmt does he do? Gentlemen, what j docs lie do?" IIo looked round for sympathy. | " Wlmt did he do, Tom ?" " First ho pretended to accept. Then we began. 1 own that lie took punishment like a : mau. Took it gentlemeu. Wouldn't give in. Wo fought, man to man, for half hour or there abouts, and I should hardly like to say how often he kissed the grass. Still, ho wouldn t give iu, and as for me, so great was the plea sure I had in thrashing tho Frenchman that J didn't care how long wo went on." "Well?" , . "Weil, gentlemen, the last timo I knocked , liiin down I thought he wasn't coming up to j time. But lie did. He sprang to his feet, i jumped into the air like a wild cat, and kicked , mo— kicked mc on the face with his boot so i that I fell liko a log. When I recovered he was gone." „ , , j " That is very odd," said the Colonel. , " Who was the Freuchinau, .Tom ?" i( " Raymond Arnold, as ho calls himself. | "Gentlemen," said my father, " here n something wo understand not. This young gentlemen, an Englishman now, is thorough y versed in all manly sports. I cannot under stand it. Kicked theo Tom. Kicked thee on tho side of thy head? Bosides what auarrei hast thou with Raymond i" ""TffhvAltlermau, ,Vo need not discuss the «nn here if you do not know." ,U» T do know, and X will have you to learn, l " my father at such moments as this oirws became one who hath sat upon the f , hench. " I will have you to learn, a- fh " hero he shook his forcliuger, » that I mi have no meddling in my household." » Very well," said Tom, " then I will fasten „n,w ouarrcl upon him.' Oh! there arc 'Jcnty of excuses. Kicked me ou the head, ho '''u \s for the kicking business," my father re- me'd "I should like to know what llayinond has to W. " For let mo tell you, Sir, you cut a mrrv fi"ure. Your eyes are black, there is a mark across your face which looks like the lash S a whip and you have been rolled in tho mud. This looks as if thcro had been hard kuocks cer tainly but hot as if Raymond got the worst'of £andIord, go first to Madame Arnold's roltco and ask if Mr. Raymond' is there. If I is" beg him, with the compliment! of this company, to step hero for a few minutes. If .lie is not try l"iul at husc, wlicre 1,5 mostl.v spends his evenings." - - "Bring him, bring hm said Tom. "Now you shall see what he." „ . Kicked me, he did, both sides of the head JBriug him, bring '"f.'ln two or threo minutes Raymond caino back with the messenger. Whatever was the severity of the late contest ho showed no signs lament in tho face, nor wero his hands swollen, as happens aftor a fight, nor were his clothes- in any way rumpled or his hair dis ordered. The contrast between tho two com batants was indeed most strikiug. "Raymond," said my father, "Tom Wi'.- cross whose face you seem to have battered, is complaining that you do not fight fair." "He kicks," said Tom. : "I do not fight fair? When have I shown that I do not fight fair?" ! . » Why," said my lather. " What have you been doing to him but now." "Doiug to him? Nothing. I have but just left your house, Alderuiuu, when your messenger found mo." , « But you havo been fighting with Tom.". ' Don't deny it man," said Tom. " Don't wriggle out of it that way." " 1 have not been fighting with Tom or with anyone." < This" said Tom, " is euough to make a man sick." . : "It is strange, gentlemen," said my father. "Do you assure us, Raymond, that you have not fought Tom at all this evening ?" " Certaiuly not." But look at the condition ho is in. Cau you deny that there has been lighting?" " jlo lUUfta uo ii ouiuciiuug utiu uupjjcucu lu liiui," said Raymond. " As for fighting, I know nothiug of it. As for any quarrel, it has been whispered to mo that Tom lias uttered threats which I disregard. But if ho wishes to light, I am at his service with auy weapons he chooses— even with fists if he likes." "llo kicks," said Tom. "I seorn to fight with a man who kicks. A foul blow." One of the officers present asked permission to look at Raymond's fist. "Gentlemen," he said, "Mr. Arnold's state ment is proved by the condition of his hand; lie has not fought. Therefore, Tom, it seems as if tho drink lias got into thy head. Go home and to bed, aud to-morrow forget the foolishness." "Ay, nv, foolishness, was it? Well, after this one may believe anything. Look hero, man," ho seized a candlestick - and stood upr "do you deny your own handiwork? Look at this black eye — and this — your own foul blow." , " You arc druuk, Tom," said Raymond. ' I suppose, thcu, that I have not got a black eye." " You have two, Tom. Toin looked about him for some backing, but found uoue, aud retired growling und Ihreateu- iug . . "He must have boon more drunk llmu ho appeared," said ono of' the comtiunv. "To- morrow lie will have forgotton ovorytiiiug." But he did not. Nor has ho ever hcou mado to believe that he was not fighting'Haymond, though tho truth hns long siuco been told him. Pierro related tho history to us himself as the tiling really occurred. As Torn continued to tell tho talo, tho Frenchman's leap into tho air grew higher aud higher aud the streugtli of that kick inoro stupendous, and the victorious character of his own fighting ouly the moro astonishing as time went ou. Chapter VI. — The Chii.ii of the Revolution'. I.hnve always been truly grateful that tho terrible discovery wo made concerning Pierro was in mercy deferred until tho evening before his departure. It is not in human nature, as you will shortly discover, to wish that it never had been made "at all, bocausc, though the dis covery overwhelmed an innocent young mau with shame and grief what would linvo become of Raymond had Pierro never found out tho truth at all ? I love the memory of this young mau with nil my heart. I commiserate liis end. Thero is no one, I am suro, with a heart so stony as not to gricvo that this brave man should como to such nu end ; but I am for bidden by every consideration of religion to look upon tho events which follow as mere matter of chance, seeing to what important issues tho discovory led. Consider all tho circumstances, and when you road what follows confess that it was a truly ureauful discovery. First of all, this youug soldier owed his life to tho nursing of Madamo Llatro ; next, ho had closely attached himself to us, showing tho liveliest gratitude aud the most sincere affection, al though wo, that is to say, those of the cottage, belonged to tho class he had beeu brought up to hato and suspect, and professed a creed which lie had been taught to dospiso. In madam ho found a countrywoman with whom he could ij 'anSuaS his childhood, and revive the old stories of the Frovcnce peasants, lu her house, smalt though it was, lie could escape tfom, the .rude compauionsliip . of the castlo, Where even among the officers thero was nothiug ,, Bumbling, betting, quarrelling and drinking all day long. In her company — may I not say in mine also ? — he enjoyed for the first timo in his life, the conversation of gentlewomen. With r! ii tU v'10 'e<Lrad that ia woman may by of gentle birth, and yot not .desiro to tramplo oa 8 P00ri just as wo learned from Pierre that a ;!a,nia7 ,1'b a Republican to the core, and yet , a t'ger. ' Perhaps,' had he stayed louger i, U5> "O would have discovered that somo- "? oould bo said oven for tho Christian "fiion, which ho had beoh taught to deride. Moreover, in Raymond, lie found one of his own age whom he loved, although they differed m almost every principle of government and have H ' U for „3 to ., young With us daily— even the countess grew to look for lrini few no ft I1'0? husband ia oracles (so we learned afterwards to consider them) about him. It it was good for us, it was snrelv good for bun Consider next that, like inoit men, lie regarded his father with respect ; hot perhaps the respect with which Raymond remembered his brave and royal father, but with that which belongs to a man of honorable record, thoiHi one of the humbler class. . " Our.orders have come," he came to' tell us; "To-morrow wo embark. The. day after to morrow we shall he in Franco again. - After throe years. Well! There is hot much changed, I suppose. The streets will he the same, and the barracks tho snmc. I shall find some of my old comrades left, P dare say. Ilappy _ fellows! They have gone up the ladder whilo I sit still." . '"Your turn will come next,' Pierre." ' ' " f'1'1 house, 'at least, I cnn.riever forget; Nor tho ladies who liave shown' so mucli kind ness to a prisoner." " lo our compatriot, Pierre," said madam. "Scud us' letters sometimes," I said.' 'Lot us follow your promotion Pierro. Let us kiiow wlieu you distinguish yourself. " He laughed, but his eyes flashed; One could understand that, hit l Im.irrl, 1 .,,.11,- „r getting ail opportunity of distinction. " Yes, "fie said, " If I get a chance— if I am 60 happy as to do anything worlhv to he re- 'cordedj I will .write to you:" ; - - " lu two days yon will be in -France. The couutry which ve are always' fighting is so near and yet it seems so far off. ' Why must we light with France continually ?" How c'au you 'ask, Miss Molly?;.- The Eng lish and French respect each other so much that we do our best to maiutaiu iu each country the race of soldiers, without' whom' eillicr nation would quickly become a. race of . slaves. War brings out all the virtues — coinage, patriotism, endurance, invontion aud contriv ance, watchfulue s, obedience— everything. It turus a country , lad into a hero ; it teaches Honor, good manners and self denial ; it tarns men of the same country into brothers aud makes them respect men of another country- wit hout war what would bccomo of .pur arts? Without war wo should all bo content to sit down, make lovo, eat and drink." ' ' Thnnk you. Pierre," I said laughing. Thou (without thinking anything I put tho question which led to the fatal discovory. "And what shall you do when you land ?" " First," lie said, "I must make my way to lujviu my iuguuL-ut, "iiuiuvur ii. may ue, ami report myself. As soon as I have done that I shall ask for leavo aud then I shall go to sec my father." - I suppose that it is not n very wonderful tiling that wo had uevor yet learned from him where his fnthor lived or what was his condition and calling; In the saino way Pierre had not learned from any of us the his tory of tho Arnold family. He knew that Raymond's ; father was one of thoso who had been shot at by the Revolutionists,' and he knew that- these two ladies, with Raymond, had been rescued from the flames of the Toulon, That, I suppose, was nil he knew " Where does he live, your father ?" : . "My father is a proprietor, and lives now on his estate. He bought it wlieu it 'was'- con fiscated as the property of a ci-devant. The, house, I believe, was nearly destroyed by tbo revolutionists. I liavo never seen it because I was at school uutil fifteeu, nnd thou I was drafted into the army." " What was lus calling ?" "I hardly know. Ho is an ingmious man, who knows everything. Tie is a poet and used lo write songs and sing them himself m the cafe for money. Once ho wrote an opera, music and all, which was played at the theatre. Some times lie taught music and sometimes dauciug, Sometimes ho acted. Whatever ho did ho was nlwavs iustasnoor: nothing made tiny differ- ence. But ho was a soa of the people, aud he taught mo from the first to hato the aristocrats and the Church." "Yes," said Madam Clairo. "It is now two generations siuce that education was begun. Fatal ore its fruits." "Although he was so good an actor and singer and could make people laugh, my father was not a : happy mau. ' As loag as I can re member lie' was gloomy. Always ho seemed to be brooding over tilings which have been set right now— tho privileges of tho nobility nnd tho oppression of tho people. When tho Revolution enmo lie was tho first to rejoice. Ah 1 thoso were wonderful times." " They wero truly wonderful," said Madam. " It was iii 1794, tho year before I went into tho ranks, that he bought his ostiito. By what when ho procured tho mohoy I know hot. To be suro they wero cheap, the cstatos of the ei-dlrantn." . ' , , "Whore is your father's estate? asked Madam Clare. "Thero was a great town house as well, Pierre went ou. " Mu J'oi ! Once I stayed a week in it. It was not cheerful in that houso, for tho mob had destroyed all' tho furniture. Tho rooms were large, and at night they were full of noises— rats, I suppose ; ghosts, perhaps, My father used to wander about tho dark .i Ihatf miiilh litnt nrpniv nirtffl rooms, UUU UHIUIUUJ IUV-J ...... gloomv. All his old friends had gone, I know not where. lie seemed left quito alone. Then I was drawn for tho army, aud I have not soon my father siuce." "Where is the ostate, Pierre? asked Madam Clairo again. " It belonged to a family of tyrauts. Thoy had oppressed tho country for a thousand >C"T should like to know tho name of theso tyrants," said Madam. Pierro laughed. < Mv fathor always said so. Pardou, mo mn mere. I have learned that ho used to talk with extravagauce ; no doubt they were not tyrauts at all. But thoy wore nobles. Oh ! o the noblest. Tho estato lies on tho banks of tho River Durauce." ' , "Ou tho Duranco?' Madam sat upright, full of interest. .. „ "Yes; not many leagues from Aix in venco. Thero is a village besido tho chateau "ddLreply'was like a showor of rain from a Cl0»Eyraguesl Eyraguos," cried Madam Claire; dropping her work. » There was only one Chateau d'Eyragues. "They are talking, my dear, said tho poor mad ladv to the suirit of her litisbaud of the Chateau— our' Chateau. We shall go t icre un,n.TSl'f "'e UOt? Wo sI,cat many happy ycaw at Eyragues. ' Well, mv friend, if self." ' BVmnf stall tavo. it for liim- treinifilue? 'i"3" !f MaJn1,C'airc's l""" wore "My father is what 1 „ ' V the people, who hated arisL- I know not why lie bought iT''' P, ftS' was destroyed by the people of Ai b n„n „((a„u tho taking of Toulon,, and tho lauds — '?r- to the highest bidder." " ore sold "Gavotte," said Madam Claire, "Ik.,.' not any Gavotte ; who could it he? Tliel. WjIS no ft-iivnlfn in villnrro ,< " Tt is droll,', said Pierre, laughing. "His name was not Gavotte at all. Itwas Leroy — Louis Leroy. They inade hini change it'in tliC: times .when they were furiously .-'Republican. Louis Leroy, .that could not be endured, so they called him Scipio or Cuto, or some such uon- scuse; it was tlicir way. iu those days, and gavc him the surnuiiic of Guvotte, which ho still keeps." . ' " Oil ! " Madame Claire sank hack in her chair. '! This is none other thau tlio doing ..of Heaven itself," she murmured,. gazing upon tho youug mau, who looked astonished, as' iwcll- ho might. ., . ... " Mucli more blood. > Yes, my dear friend." It was the voice of tho cotiiitess't'alking again1 with lier deiul-liusbaud. e: " You'sayUlial tlioro must' be'" much more blood ? ; It" is terrible; But not again tho' blood' of the 'innocent.' Oh! noTnore innocent blood.!', " > :s-;. This is the hand of God,"- said Madam Ciaire again. ' : .v i . ".Why, ma mere — ''Pierre began. 1 i " Truly tho hand of God.'.' ' How can I describe tho transformation of this meek, resigned, and patient mm into an in spired prophetess ? Madam Clairo sat upright, her eyes gazing before. her as if slio saw what wo could not sco. Suddenly she sprang to her feet, and with clasped hands she spoke words which, she declared afterwards, were put into her mouth. ., "Unhappy boy !" she began; ' " Oh, you know not, you have never known, what your father did. But tho people of Aix know, and even the revolutionists, his friends, fell from him. There is not a- man in- the town fallen so low ns to sit itr his company; You must learn the shameful story, though tho knowledge till your heart with sorrow, and cover your head with shame.'-' Ilis nnmo was - Louis Leroy, nnniml T,niitc: 1»v liia fntlior liivf ' T.nrnv . \r«e the nnmc of his mother. His father was the seigneur of that chateau which is now his own, aud you, you who. have been taught to hate your forefathers, you are that seigneur's grandson. I remember your father. He was a aoy who refused to work. They sent him away from the village. He went to Aix, where lie lived upon his wits, and upon tho money his half brother would give. him. Yes, his half brother, who was none other than mv mur dered brother. Who murdered him ? Unhappy son 1 it was your father. Oh, woe, woe .woe to Cam! It was your father who ' denounced' his o'wii brothor at -.Toulon; But for him he might have escaped. Louis Leroy, whom my brother had defended all his life, spoke the word that seut him to his death, and now sits, his brother's blood . upon his hands, in the placo which lie. has bought for himself. Your father, alas I your father;" : " Madam, ".I' cried, -."'for mercy's snko spare him," for Pierre's face was terrible to behold, i Sho swayed backwards and forwards, and I thought that sho would have fallen.; 1 ' ? "Tho vengeance of Heaven never fails, " sho said. " For many years I hnvo looked for news of this mau. Ou'ce, twice, I know not how — I may have dreamed it— ho has boon struck. A third and more terrible blow will fall upon him— through his son— but I know not how. Yet ho lias done nothing, this poor boy. He is -innocent, no Knows noining, aim yet — anu yet, Molly," sho gasped, and caught the cliuir, "I um constrained to speak." " Oh, madam." "Through his son, through his son. Oh, unhappy mau, unhappy son." " Madam, for mercy's sake say something to console him." Sho made no roply, her eyes still gazing upon something which we sa v not. 1'lio sho suddonly became ligainTiorsolf, soft eyed, gentle, and tears ran down her cheeks. " Pierre !" she cried, holding out her hauds —but he shrank hack— " my son. whom I love, for whom I havo prayod. Oh ! Pierre,' what is it that you havo told us?" It scomod as if sho knew not what she had said. "Oh l.I uuderstaud now tho resemblance— you aro Ray mond's cousin." "My father," Pierre said presently ; "my father—a murderer ?" ' » Alas ! it is truo." . . . "My father!" . . ; "It is true, Pierro. Ask mo no. moro. What? Did: uo one over toll you of the Arnaults? Yot youTiavo lived in" our houso at Aix— the old houso with the pilasters outside and the carved wood work .within,' and every where tho arms of tho' Arnaults carved aud ps" yL. I know of them ; but I know not that you— that lUyiuoad— I never thought that you wore of that family— I had no suspicion of my father's birth. 1 know nothing. I wa3 told that tho Arnaults wero tyrants who had committed detestable crimes. That was tho way thoy talked iu thoso days ; all tho nobles had committed dotestablo crimes." "Alas I our crimes— what wore thoy ? Oh I Pierro, I would to Heaven that you had gono away before this dreadful thing had beeu dis covered. 1 would to Heaven that you had uever found it out at all, and so lived your life in happy ignorauco of this shameful 6tory. There aro things whicli Ileavou will not suffer to ho concealed. It is througli ino that you have fouud out the truth ; forgivo me, Pierre. Let us forgive each othor and pray— oh ! you cannot pray, child of the Revolution. Pierre— ho was so overwhelmed witn snamo uis cheeks fiushed, his lip quivering, his head beat, that sho was filled with pity. " Let ns con sole cacti other. Aftor tho town was taken I think my brother might have beeu killed, whethor any witnesses were found to spoak against him or not. Yes ; the evidence mattered little ; ho was the Comto d Eyragues. Ho was ouo of thoso who brought the British troops into the city ; yes— ho must have been murdered." "But mv father denounced him, "And hero" — ho poiulcd to the countess, "she is the victim — " " Sho is the victim, not of your father's crime, but of that dreadful night ".vhich.uo -jno can oyer for forget vvho passed, througli it, and of tlie suspense wlieu wo 'waited anxiously for news of her husband' but heard nono.till we landed nt Portsmouth nnd learned tho truth. At this moment -Raymoud opened the door. . - .. . ._ . . . - ' " Courage, ricrro," he said, "to-morrow you. shall leave your prison. I wish thee joy, brothor, promotion and good fortune. When we go hack to our own, if over" we do, I pro- .miso thce a hearty, welcome, if we have "ot it again ia our old house." "Pierre, mado no reply. You will write to mo, will you not? That .is agreed. Tell me how orcrytliing is changed, Ilil ' it is true that thero are no longer '"any do lpHl I'll Ulc fields, hut the women must country01"'" Why, I should not know the our houso-"v If T" 8 lo Aix, go look for —and' toll m'SUkoily knows tho Hotel Arnault Still Pierro nit sti.H stands." ' ' Molly, have y&? reP'- . . . ' lie may remember gto him that keepsake for him. Rich. A on must Roil a custom for friends when tlieyl, !s the English gethcr. Wewill conform to tlk 1 drink to- torn." " - "nglish cus- Tlius far lie talked without ohser,. . norm siouu wuu Hanging neau, . ins"V" dropped, his.clieeks burning, .the. vory picti? upon his'slioulder. .';." Come, comrade, let us two crack a bottle, as the. English use — " But Pierre shrank away from him; I' Do" not touch me," ho cried, ','Do not dare to touch mo;'. 1 am a man accursed. Lain an outcast." . .Ho seized his hat and rushed away. Why," asked Raymond iu astouislimeut, "what ails Pierre?" ' ' "Wo. spoke, said Madam .Claire, " of the Revolution in which his father took a part, and. we have shamed him." , "Thoy spoke," eclioed tho mad woman, "of flic Revolution. Ho is a child of tho Revolu tion, which devours everything, oven her own children. . Chapter VII.- The .'.Departure .-.of the Prisoners. Twice hail it boon my lot to witness. Iho general departure of prisoners after the signing of peace betweeu Great Britain mid France, namolv. in the year .1802 and the year 1314. As fot their arrival, it seems now as if thoy were being brought every day for nearly .two aud twenty years, so loug with the brief inter- val of ono year did this contest rage. Besides the goucral discharge there was a constant ex change of prisoners, chiefly,1 I believe, those who were sick and disabled from serving again — by cartel. A general discharge is quite another thing. For immediately, before such an event tho prison rules are relaxed, tho prison becomes transformed into a palace of oy ; thero is nothiug all day long except sing ing, dancing and drinking. One would be lieve to witness theso cxtravagaut rejoicings of the soldiers, and . sailors that they wero released for ever from all hard ships of toil and service, and that tho reign of pleuty, leisure and pence was im mediately to begin... ;. " But. liberty," said Ray mond, " is the dearest of. all inau's rights ; and besides at home lliey havo tlioir .wives and swcotliearts. - Love, . Molly, is not confined to this islaud of.Great Britain." . . . ' Thoso who made 1 tho greatest show of rc- joiciugwerq' certainly the .'French, ... The Spank arfis;. just ;as thoy took their imprisonment sul-. lenly, so thoy'1 rccoiyed the news of their re lease without outward omotiou. . No one, it is true, can seriously wish to return to a country where thoy have the Inquisition. ; Tho Dutch, of whoni ninny as I havo said had voiuuteercd for ..'British service, heard the nows of tho peace with natural plilogm ; the; poor, negroes, most of whom were dead, and the rest fallen into a kind of stupid apathy, were unaffected .; the Vendc'an privateers, moil with terror, think ing .that- General. :Hoche. was still iu their county ready to shoot them down. 'Tho "embarkation of so many prisoners was not effected in a single day. Some wore sent across to Duuquerque ; somo— those from Portsmouth nnd Porchoster— to Dieppe ; thoso from Plymouth, some of whom wero taken across iu coasters, to Havre. Iu tho moruing I accompanied Madam Claire to tho, beuch, in order to bid farewell to our friends. The narrow bench was crowded avith thoso who camo on the same errand, for wo. were not the only peoplo who had frieuds among the prisoners. 1 Thoy came from Fare- ham, from tlie country round Soulhwick, from Coshain, from Titchbrook, even from Ports mouth aud Gosport. ; < There were sea captains amoug them, como to soe ouee more the prisoners they had' made with their own hauds, officers of tho army, country squires and young follows, the country Jossamys, likeiny cousin Tom, who had inade frieuds amoug tho -French officers, at librse races and over the punch howl and in tlie coick pit. Thoy came riding-, bravo iia Hessian boots, mid padded shoulders. Amoug thorn- 'wero many ladies, and I think it is true,' as was then alleged, that mauy a sore hoart was'left behiud whou tho young Frcuch officers wero released. Butouiy to sectlio heartinessof the farewells, tho happiuess of those who went away, tuo con gratulations of thoso who seut them away, " and how thoy shook hands, and camo back aud then again shook hauds, and swore to soo each other agaiu, 'twoud havo moved tho stooiest heart. Who would have thought that youder haudsomo officer, gallaut in cocked hat and blue coat aud white pautuloous, amid the group of English ladie3 to whom he was bidding farewell was their hereditary enemy ? Or who would belie vo that yonder grey headed voterau, clasping ilio baud of a jovial Hamp shire squirs, had fought all his life against Great Britain? Or, again, could that little company who liad so oftou met iu tlie cock pit or at the hull baiting, and wore now drinking together before they separated (my cousiu Turn was ouc), wore about to liecoino onco more —Amino? Alnot wliv chnnlil mrm fifrlit ucu'ji/ tuuihiw » J — n-- wboa, if thoy could but bo just to others and to themselves, thero would bo uo uccd of any wars at all? ' Lastly, there were tho rank and file ; tho privates and sailors drinking about jd friendship with our honest militiamen as if (the reigii of peace was already come iustcad\of a short respito only. I supposo thero wnj never seen 60 various a collection of uniforms as on this beach. Among thorn w«»«rfJe sailors of Franco, Holland atid-S- bcd nliko with "" \- - 0 ... , <mall differences. Dress them ' alike if yon. will, but surely no. one would ever take a Frenchman for a Hollander, or a Spaniard fot a Jcuchmmi. I know iiot avhat arc the various uniforms of the Republican armv hut here were Grenadier hats of bearskin, round beaver hatf with the red plume, cocked hats with gold lace, caps with peaks aud a high feather, the old threo cornered hats,, the brass licimet, the red republican cap, the blue thread cap and a dozen others. And as for the coals, they wero of all colors, but mostly they seemed blue with drab facings. Some of the ofiicers had beeu prisoners fcr five or six years, so that their uniform coats were uow worn threadbare, or oven ragged, their epaulettes and gold lace tar nished, aud their crimson scarves faded. Yet they made a gallant show, aud but for the absence' of tlioir sivnrfh !not-o,l nc if ft.ni. dressed for a review. The common sort were barefoot— which was common iu the Republi can armies niid is no hardship to sailors. Somo of them having quito worn out their own clothes wore the' yellow suit provided by the British Government for tlie foreign prisoners. ; Among the prisoners wero their two priosts. l'.lay,.at least, were, well pleased, because the leigu of Atheism was. over and religion was onco more established, according to the will the Pope, . Now, as we passed through tlie throng, tin men all parted right nnd left, Madam saying a last word now to one and now to another of her friends, while even thoso who scolTod the loudest i iciigiuii p;i;u me lauy tuo respect due to her zincs. She. was an uristo, and thoy were citi- , theyttial and of common brqthc'rhpqd— 4t least, ists ; shoo; sho a Christian and they ntlrc- - not one niniit'ist and thoy republicans. Yet gratitude. ilieai but regarded hor with' She spake to a -, -..... , common sailor, who v fellow in the dress of a a belter class, saying-1 us' if he belonged to wishes. - c«nv words of good '(Yes," lie replied bittei,. When'- last ! saw the . house it si go home, when last I saw mv fatliei it was bu.| flames away to be shot; my mother aiirugm;,; were guillotined iu tho Terror. and ? I Ciers by going ou board a privateer! What sliaa find iu the hew France of which liioy speak so mucli? .Thoy havo left off iniirderiiig us, I am told ; well, perhaps they will even suffer me to 1 carry a musket in the ranks." . .. Apart from the groups of those who drank aud those who exchanged fare-veils, we fouud Pierre standing alone with gloomy looks. . "My soil," said Madam, "wo have come to bid you farewell. " .Ho raisod his ayes heavily but dropped them again. The sight of Madam was like - tl.e stroko of a whip. " It is not so bad for you to look upon me, as for mo to hear your voice," lie said. " Pierre, my son." She held out her hand, but.lio refused to take it — not rudely, but as ono. who is unworthy. " Pierre, lie patient. As for what has happened, I was constrained to tell yon. Oh I I could not choose but tell you. Yot it was no .sin. or fault of yours, poor boy. If any disaster bofall.you by act of God, accept , it with resignation. If is fot the sin of another, count it an atouoment— for him For if suffer ings come to you— what do I say ? Alas I I must be a prophetess, my sou— because 1 kuow —yes, I know — that disaster will . falLupou you —but I know not of what kind. Yet" be assured that there is nothing ordered by Pro vidence which' can hurt your soul." . - - " My soul I" cried Pierro, impetiumsly— "My soull What is it, my soul ?" He laughed in his UoDublican infidelity.' "What is it, and where is it? It is any life that is ruined, do you .understand ? i You have taken away my honor— my pride— my ambition — you have taken all that I had, aud you hid me think of my soul." ' " Pierre 1" "Oh! ma mdrc, I nin". ungrateful. Forgive , me." "Between us there is nothing to forgive. , When you go' to tho south— to Aix — you will', soe your father, Pierro. Fail not, I chargo you, fail not' -to" tell, him tlmt wo have for given, yes, 'three of rus have forgiven," , tho J dead : mau, 'and, the mad woman, aud the reli- ; gieuso, have forgiven. As for the fourth, the sou, ho docs not know. . Say that we all for- ; give him, and that, for tho suko of his son, w pray for him." Tlion Pierre, in the presence of tho whole multitude — uo British soldier could have douo such a. thing— fell upon his knees aud kissed Madam's hand. . When he rose his eyes were , full of tears. ... "Pierre," I said, " Remember, you have promised to scud us a letter. Write to me, ! Pierro, if not to Raymoud, .will. yon not?" ; Ho shook his head sadly. "If," ho said, " thcro should happen auythiug worth tolliug you, anything by which you could think , of 1110 with pity as well as forgiveuess, I would write. As you will hear presently, I10 kopt this promise iu tho cud. Truly - it was sorrowful to see , tho youug man .so full of shame, who; but. tho day before had boon so full of joy .and; pride, -.-.Ilappy. 111- , deed is ho whoso fathor has lived a'u honorable - lifo. It is belter to bo tho sou of a. good mau than the son of a rich mau. . ; , " I havo no right," lie said, " to ask of you , tho least thing."- - ...\ ..- ; . , " Aslr what, vnu liloaso. Pierre..",. " Then— if it be possible— let not Raymond know. ."Wo havo been friends ; we have talked and laughod together ; I have accepted froiii him : a thousand gifts ; left him not know, if it can bo avoided, that 'tho mau who— who uow lives at Chateau d'Eyragncs is my father." " Wo will act tell him, Raymond shall learn uothing from us that will trouble his friendship for you, Pierre" Wo kept our promise,, hut how much misery we should have spared Raymond— how different would havo beeu the lot of Pierre— had we broken that promise. " Wo will never tell liim, ".I repeated. " Oh ! , Pierio, we are so sorry — so sorry. Forgot yestor- day evening nnd remember ouly the happy days . you havo spent with Raymond aud with me." But, then bis turn came. Tho launches wore drawu up along tho shallow beach, twenty aud: more, each rowed by a dozen sailors, uow com manded by a midshipman, who steered. Tho last timo theso launches camo up the harbor in each boat stood a dozen marines stationed in the hows and stern, armed with loaded inusketa and fixed bayonets, while ovcry sailor had h:s cutlass, aud the boat was crammed with pri soners gloomy and downcast. Now the only nrino ou hoard consisted of the midshipman's dirk : there worn— . marines, the sailors had BO" cutlasses, and they hailed thoir prisoners with a cheer. ' , . , , -Pierre pressed my hand, and once more kissed Madam's fingers. Then he took his place. Tho rest' of the boatload showed every outward sign of rejoicing'; Pierre alone sat in his place with hanging head. "We watched the boats as they earned their freight down the harbor, but so long aB we could see them there was uo change in that attitude of shame and abasement. They-are gone," said my cousin Tom. He haaheen drinking and his face was red. " They are gone. Well, there were good men and true among them. W ould that the rest of their na tion' would follow— especially all, I say, who kick when they fight. Well, every man gets his torn." . , ... The launches kept coming and going until, it. i . -i. tree Iclron nff flip, hciicb. TllGQ iue uiisuiiv- — - — : .. the " garrison was left in tho castle by itself. That night there was no curfew bell, nor were the sentries set round the castle, nor did the sergeant of the main guard make his round, and' the men call out in answer from post to post— "All's wclll All's well 1" When tho militia regiments were presently disbanded and sent home tho castle was quite empty. They scat boats from the dockyard with men, who carried away the ham mocks and tho furniture, such as it was, took down tho wooden buildings and carried away the1 timber, pulled down the canteen, the blacksmiths' and carpenters' shops, burned the rubbish leftbehind by the prisoners, and left the castle 'empty and deserted. Wo might climb av_ _ _i e In flm fntv nncsinrr nil tho Hie vi iu vnv wVS — — silent' chambers, whero so many of them h$- riept. ' The cbapel was stripped of its alho ' the stores taken out of the kitchens, which grass began to grow again in the coxcreiso. had been their placo of resort .- reach occu- Tliere were no traces left of . fid been carved pants except the names th' carvings iu wood in the stones, the half firb'eliiud, and the rude and horn which theydscd. Once X found, tools which tliey -lark chamber, one of the I in" rusted i--" made for themselves with ibir'ers whivtl and pointed stuck iu a piece a iiic shwtrauge it was at first to wander iu r.: .vipe'pty courts, and to think of the t i/Suous time which the cruel war iin- /I upon those poor fellows. They are gone," said Raymond. "Well; /let lis hope that every man will find his mis tress waiting faithfully for him. As for Pierre — who certainly had a bcc in his bonnet —his only mistress is Madame La Guerre. He loves no other. She is horribly old, covered with scars, backed about with sword and spear and riddled witli shot. Yet he loves her. She is dressed in regimental flags ; she gives her lovers crowns of laurel, which cost her nothing ; titles which she invents ; and a promise of im- mortality which sho means to break. Poor Pierre 1 We shall never seo him again, but we may hear of him." For 3 or 4 years more the castle re mained empty. "Then, as everybody knows, the French prisoners began to increase in num bers and were again brought to Porchester. But they were not the same. - Pierre was not \- among them ; the men were not so light hearted as of old; we were weary of the war, which seemed to have no ending ; and the pri soners no longer became our friends. CiuriEB "VIII.— He Cxxxor Choose Dot Go. Thus began ihe peace which it was hoped wojnld be lasting, hut which came to an end after 4 .short 12 months. Porchester become once more a village quite out of the way standing in no '.high road, without traiellersor stage coaches, without market or fair. In its qniet street there were no longer heard tho voices of tho soldiers at the tavern or those of the prisoners on parole, or the nightly watch. The evening club was reduced, to two or throe, and mighty dull their evenings wero. There, is never a prosper by war. I confess that when the boat came1 back with half its contents unsold one was tempted to lament, with Sally, that war conld not go on for ever. As for the towns of Portsmouth, Portsea and Gosport their condi tion threatened to become deplorable, because the dock yard was reduced, the militia sent borne' and many thousands of sailors paid off. It has been said by those who know Portsmouth well that the petition every Sun day morning for peace in our time meets With a response which is cold and without heart. The general depression affected even Raymond, whoso pupils began to fall off when the prosperity of the town was ducked. Now, however, all the talk was concerning France, which was open to travellers after 10 years of Republican Government. Not only did tho prisoners go back, but the dmigras themselves, thinking thatalthough their estates were gone and their rank had no longer any Taluo, it was better to live in ono's native land than on a strange soilj began to flock back in great numbers. Britain had abandoned their cause : Why should they any more stand apart from their own people ? Some of thorn, it is true, conld never bring themselves to consider Republican Franco us their own countrv. nor conld tbey brook the rule of men who bad no patent of nobility nor quartcrings to their shields, nor even any shield at all. But most of them wont home, thoso only remaining who wero too old to begin again and had found occupation and friends iu this country. Thoy wont back trembling, lest they should find " tho guillotine erected to greet their roturn. But times had changed ; the people had discovered that even though there wero neither kings nor nobles, their lives wero not a whit easier, and their work just as tedious ; the old mad songs of Calra and the Carmagnole were heard no longer, and even the old cry of liberty, equality and fraternity had gone out of fashion. Under the glorious Republic, in fact, the people were no more equal than before, and thero was no more brotherly affection— even when there was no King — between man and man than had been of eld, while cheats, rogues and scoundrels who were goiug to cease altogether and be known no more were still as numerous as over. But the Franco to' which tho emigres returned was different indeed from the Franco in which tbey ' had grown up, and the old order was clean gone witb'tbe old ideas. \- Their estates were -gone beyond recall ; no one thought of restoring them any more than they thought of- giving back to the church the lands which liad bolonged to her. The old nobility had to live as best thoy conld; like other peoplo, having no longer any power, wealth, authority, or respect. ibis does not- seem so dreadful" for tho French nobility as it would for cur own, One indeed, under- stand an English duko" condescending to do anything for money. Not only did. the emigres return, but crowds of English travellers flocked across tho channel to see Paris, which had been closed to thorn for 10 years. They met, wo were told, with a most gracious welcome," and I doubt it not, es pecially from the innkeepers, tradesmen, nnd all those with whom they wero going to spend their money. , , Is it theu wonderful that Raymond should grow restless, thus hearing continually of tho country which, however much wo might pre tend to call him an Englishman, was really his native land. , " Molly;" hd said, " I am drawn and dragged as if by strong ropes towards tho country. I feel that I must go across tho Channel even if I have to row myself over in an open boat, and walk barefoot all the way to Pans. 1 must seo Paris. ' I must see thisbraTe army which ha overrun Europe— nay, my dear, I am and loyalist, yet I should be a stock anj ' m0Q not to fcol moved while my own cerc are march from victory to victory, i£yC not ac- only two countries left whjj. j wou|d knoxvlcdged the power ot je(j these armies, sod the great general whjorsjcaa tryant ; wo IVe have, called bim.J and mocked at his am- havc derided his pyy a groat captain, perhaps bition — yet heaiu that the world has ever the greatest seen." Raymond, it would cost a great sum "T$y." of Yes, Molly," his face fell ; " Moro ..inni til n n we nossesci. Therefore. I fear. T must renounce the idea, Molly," thoro were times when Raymond flashed into fire, and showed that a gentle exterior might cover a sleeping volcano. " Molly, this village suits thy tender and gentle heart ; but it is not life merely to endure the quiet days that follow one after the other. The lot of Pierre, though his end may he a bullet through the heart, is better than this." ' But Raymond, your days are mostly spent in Portsmouth. Thero is excitement enough in the streets of Portsmouth. " " Yes ; there are daily fights in the streets, but — " he stopped aud sighed " Molly, dear, I want to go to Frauco." This was no passing fancy or whim, hut the desire grow upon him daily to seo his natiTe country, insomuch that he began to toko -little interest iu anything else, and would bo al ways reading or talking about Franco. It has been wisely observed of all emigres that in secret they rejoiced at the wonderful triumphs of tho French arms under Buonaparte — suc cesses far surpassing any other in history- oven under tho great Tnrenno himself. Sucli was the pride of Raymond in his own countrymen's unexampled bravery that he would forget that ho in his own person represented tho wickedness of ilicir ennse. How, indeed, can any cause prosper in the long run which is based upon the murder of tho King, the suppression of the church, and the abolition of rank. In tho end, as everybody knows, its wickedness was clcaily demonstrated by the overthrow of tho great leader, and that through the very power which steadfastly fought for king, church, order and property. In short, Raymond would visit Paris partly as a pilgrim going to shed tears over the prison of Marie Antoinette and the site of tho King's scaffold, partly with the desire to see tho bean- tics of the French capital, and partly to gaze upon tho victorious army and the First Consul. Bnt how was ho to go ? Then a now thought came into his head. " Molly,'.' he said, one evening, " I havo been thinking of tho estates which wore my father's, and were confiscated and sold after his murder by ho revolutionary commissioners." " Why, Raymond, they are long since sold." "I know not. I have read of a case in which a faithful servant bought the estates and has held them for 10 years and now restores them to his master, who thus comes back to his own- lands. Molly, suppose I should find my lands thus held for me ? It is a dream, bnt yet ... if one, why not another? We wero not hated though they now call us tyrants and oppressors of the poor. " One 'can not always forget tho past, my dear, and oneo we were greater people than you can' ever understand. No English nobleman was greater, richer, or moro powerful than my father. Oh ! It is a dream to think of getting the estates. Bnt I must see tho place again, Molly, I can not rest until I have seen it." Alasl Wo had promised Pierre that Ray mond should not know the 6tory of the man Gavotte, and, therefore, I could no't tell him that his chateau was destroyed, and that his estates belonged to tho mnn who had caused tho murder of his father. In a word, nothi ng would serve hut that Ray mond must go. There was little money, and it was necessary that ho should have enough for his expenses though ho was to travel cheaply. Thereforo tbe usual expedient was resorted to and more of tho small jewels taken from the Holy Rose, now nearly stripped to its baro branches. Ho left us. "There is no danger," I said to Madam Ulaire, " tno country is pcacefnl, and he will be as 6afe as with us at home." "I know not, child," sho replied. 1 1 When I think of France I see nothing but maddened mobs rushing about the streets hearing on their pikos tho heads of innocent women and loyal men. Yes— yes — I know. All that is over. Yet I remember it. The First Consul ' has turned nil thoso mobs into soldiers. And there is the man Gavotte. Supposo Raymond should fall into his hands?" " Why Frauco is large. It is not likely that thoy will meet. And tho man could not harm Raymond if he wished." He' travelled with a passport which described him as Raymond Arnold,. British subject, and artist by profession. Had we carefully devised beforehand the method which would bo most likely to leiid to. his destruction wo. conld not have hit . upon .a hotter plan. For,, while Franco was most suspicious of British subjects the passport described him as ono. ' It con cealed his nationality, altered his namo and gavo him tho profession which would most readily lend color to suspicion and support to the most groundless charges. . CirAprkn IX. — Riw ""vrajmr. So Raymond left tis,- faro's 3o- ; 7- wart, I hal no fears, nono atA (or ray ovrn ' "re- be dangers in France!, , ' whr should : In both countries, thfcjta thm.ia EaKWa. I nnd footpads! In tilavo. murderers! Those who co- tbare .« honest 1 generally cncowntrF wU'a- hooeat men do .n l or Mhose ,v " " >. i company where rogaes arc found. Ho was no drinkor, brawlor or gamester ; ho loved not tho socioly of profligates. When a young man is naturally inclined to virtue, and protected w tho midst of temptation, first, by good princi ple, and next by the love of a mmdcn.mooi the dangers of travel seem kept at . tance. Other dangers, such as aijt. 1 or disease caunot bo averted are liablo even at home. ii,„f It was however no e— danger h!mm FiJst a lettcr-m Pttris- He bad 6COn Si - f rivnc.vi a review of troops. He was ffrJIll onlv p-,ttl0 mRn' Baymoni wroto bnt & face the air of ono accustomed to At this time ho was little more .innraa years of tl() orcmost rasn m ,,n?arope. " Molly " Raymond said, "I confess ..at, mv heart plowed with admiration at the sight of the great commander and that of the brave troops whom ho hath lod to so many vic tories. They ore not tall men, as yon already know from the prisoners, but they are full of spirit, and their marching is quicker than that of our own — the British troops. I forget not thnt I am hero an Englishman travelling as a subject of his Majesty King Georgo. I am staying at a hotel in the Ruo St. H nortf, ono of tho principal streets of tho town. Tho place is full of English visitors, and wo all go about with our mouths wide open looking at the won ders of Puris. I shall havo plenty to tell you, dear, in the winter evenings. I have seen tho place were the Bastille stood, and tho great cathedrals of Notre Dame and St, Denis, and llin nalaces of the Louvre and Versailles : above all, I havo seon tho prison of tho Queen. Tho better sort are, I was assured, truly ashamed of their conduct towards this inno cent and nnfortunalo lady, and towards her son, tho child who was starred and beaten to death by a shoomaker. I refrain, how ever, from conversation which might lead to any show of dispute. Indeed, the opinions of the English are well known. Tho peoplo are lively and fond of spectacles, theatres, fairs and noise. I fiud that my Frencli is antiquated, and there are many words aud idioms used which are stranga to mo. But tho Parisians talk a language of tlicir own, which changes from day to day, and is always full of little turns and allusions which no stranger or pro vincial can understand. Last night I wont to tho Theatre des Varieties to hear a vaudeville which contained a hundred good things which I lost from not understanding) tho talk of the day. Tho ingenious author of tho picco was this morning shown to mo at a cafe. Ttiis happy man who can make a wholo theatre full of people laugh and forget their troubles is him self one who is always laughing and singiug." If I refrain from copying more of Raymond's loiters, von must not supposo that thoy wero short, or that thoy contained nothing but. his adventnres and observations. They wero long letters delightful to road, only there were some passages which iu reading them aloud I was compelled to pass over in silence because they wero meant for no car but miae. The things which a lover whispers to his sweetheart must not bo told to any one, though indeed I suppose all men say much tho same things, aud, siuco onr language contains no more than a dozen words of endearment, so that tbey havo no choice. After Raymond had been in Paris about three weeks he thought that ho must begin bis journey south. He travelled by the stage coach, which in Prance is called a diligence ; it is much slower than our flying coaches while the roads are much worse than oars, being not only narrow bnt also rendered dangerous by thedoep ruts-mode by the heavy waggons. Before the Revolution thoy were kept in repair by forced labor. The roads being so had it is not won derful that peoplo travel no more than tbey are obliged. The diligence is, however, cheap, and as its progress is slow one can see a good deal on tho way. Thus Raymond saw the rtnlniAnf fnrninrlv lnhnhifMl Kp the kings of France ; ho visited also the old city. of Dijon, once tho capitdl of Burgundy; the city, of Lyons, whioli was destroyed by tho. Revolutionary army a little before tbey took Tou lon, and many other places, all of which arc set down in the map of Franco, which we keep to show the children how great a travollor thoir father has been. He also made many drawings on the way, some of the. women in their whito caps, some of the peasants, Gome of churches and castles, but all these drawings were lost by an unexpected ovent which I have presently to tell you. At Lyons ho left tho stage coach and took passage on one of the boats which go down the Rhone and aro called water coaches. Thoy are crowded with peoplo and ono sleeps on board, but the cabins are hot and close and thore is not room for all to lie. Raymond found, how ever, this modo of travel vastly moro pleasant than the coach with the dust and tho noise. This journey terminated at a place called Aries from which he wroto to me. "I am at last," he said, " in my own conn- try, among the people who use the language of my childhood. It is strango to hear them all talking as wo lovo to talk in onr cottago.at For- ptiAgfnr Onn cnamc hnfllr Airain in Pnrrlaiwi The people thiuk it strange that an English man should know their tongne. I tell them that I know an English girl who knows the langnoge and can speak it as well as myself. They are a friendly people, though thoy have tho reputation of being quick-tempered and ready to Gtriko. We stayed an hour or two at Avignon whore there is an bid .broken bridgo over tho . river and in tbe .- town there are many re mains of antiquity, -with stono walls, and a great building once the palace of the Pope. At the town of Arlos, whero I write this,, there are Roman buildiugs, a vast circus all of stono, .where thoy used to have, fights of gladiators,' where tho people used to throng in order to. witness the torturo of Christian, martyrs. My- dear, I am now within two days' journoyof my birthplaco. Tho nearer I draw, the moro Clearly do, I reincmber.it. Tho Chateau d', Eyragnes stands upon, i a low cliff , rising 'above the Bivor Durance, which is wids and shallow, and-subjeot to 6uddcn floods. It is a- large white houso, with an ancient square tower at ono end. The windows, which are small and high, are provided with green jalousies to keep outi thoistin. There is a broad verandah iis front of tho - house; on one. side is a garden, and on. tho other side a farm yard, with turkeys jand fowls and. geese. Here aro also tho dogs and the, stables. Here is a great uiereoa hmisa. witu '" bnndrods of pigeons. Hying about It is the p'rWi. 'legejof the Seigneur to koop, pigeons, wtieh tb« oprn of the. farmers. Oiir-: 1 bead'is a: sky aiw-ya hluo ; the hills are baro \and. UmV?ss-, .gToves of grey .olivoe i and tlio fields, which tor tlio greater parr j of tho year are dry aud bare, aro protected from tho cold mistral wind by n kind of screen mudo of reeds. Thero aro vines in tho fields, and thero aro groves of mulberry trees plauted for tho sako of tlio silkworms. I confess it is a country which nono love save thoso who aro born iu it. Tho peoplo aro passionate, jealous and headstrong ; they do nothing in cold blood ; they hate aud love with equal ardor. My Molly you love ono of them. Will yon bo warned in time. To-raorrow I leave for tho Rliono and make for Aix, whenco it is hut a short journey to tho village of Eyreguos. How well I remember tho last time I went to Aix. Wo travelled in onr great gilt coacli hung upon springs from tho chateau to our house. It must have been early, in the year 1793. My father was already melancholv nnd a orov to' eloomr forebodings. But he was the Comto d'Eyragues aud a grand soigncur, and now his son is plain Mr. Arnold, and a humble English traveller, who cannot afford post horses, but journeys in the pannier with the common folk. Adien, my beloved. I will write to thee again from Aix. A week later there came another dear de lightful letter. At tho time I cared less for what ho told us of his travels and adventures than I did for tho sweet things ho scut for my own reading alone. But the notes concerning his travels provod, as you will seo, the only means we had for a long time of guessing where he was. "I am at Aix," he said (of course, I lcavo out the love, which no one iu the world shall nrpr spo. hecfiuso tho letters shall be buried with me.) " I am at last, and after a tedious journoy of three days, at Aix. Tho distance, which is not quite 50 miles, or thereabouts, from Aries, would ho covered on an English high road in a single day. Hero, however, the roads aro bad, the carriages heavy, and tho horses weak and in poor condition. All tho best horses, I am told, have been taken for the cavalry. The road is not what yon would call a high road, but n cross country road passing over a level plain, through villagos ; and the coach, which is little better than a great, clumsy basket, was filled with farmers and small proprietors, talking of bad times and tho war. Thero was also a commis vogageitr, that is a travelling clerk or rider, goiug, ho told rac, from Aries to Aix, nnd tlieuco to Tonlon. He wanted to talk Freaeh to me, and was con tinually expressing his astonishment, first that an Englishman should wish to visit this part of the country at all ; and, secondly, that an Eng lishman should be uble to speak tho Proven9al language. I told him that 1 was often surprised myself, because, with tlio exception of a single youug lady of my acquaintance, thero was probably uo one in England apart from tlio emiares. who could SDcnk it like mvself. " Monsieur," said my commis voyageur, " has the air of a Provencal, oh, quite tho air of a Provengal. I have seen Englishmon. There areEaglisli prisoners at Marseilles, and I have seen English sailors at Bordeaux ; never did I seo an Englishman who resembled Monsieur." This gentleman is right, nnd he, for his part, has the air of ono who suspects. Let him, how ever, suspect what ho pleases. I have my passport ; I am not a political agent, and I am engagod in nothing which I wish to conceal. I conversed froely with tho people. Alas ! tlioy are no longer Royalists. Tlio ovents of the last 10 years bavo turned their heads. Though the wars have made them no richer, but have killed their young men, and laid tho most terrible burdens upon tho country — it is certain Frrnco has suffered far inoro than England— tho splen did succcssos of the French arms havo turned their heads. Nevertheless, everybody is afraid that war may break out again at any moment — in Paris they speak openly of sweeping us from tlio' seas — and pray that tho peace may be lasting. I asked them abont many things, the condition of the country — tho change from the old order — I understand now that it can never rpiitrn— (1m nrniP. flt« ctnto nf ralimmn (Tm cultivation of tho fields — everything that one wants to know ivhon returning to his nativo land after a long absenco. " Decidedly," said my friend the commis voyageur, "Monsieur is curious. Monsieur probably proposes to write a book of travels." "The road is lined for the greater part of the way, with piano trees all bent over in tho same direction aud at tho same height by the mistral wind, just as on the King's bastion at Portsmouth, tbo treos aro all bent dowq by tho wind from the sea. At this season Provenco looks groen and beautiful ; the planes are com ing in loaf, the arbre Judas which grows in tho gardens is in flower ; thoro is whito thorn in plenty ; tho mulberr.es havo not begun to loso their leaves, and even the cypresses, of which my people aro so fond, and the grey olives, and even the long lino of reeds with which they shoitcr their friends from Uio mistral, look well behind the green corn. In tbo month the white roads will bo a foot deep in dust, tho loaves by tbe roadside will bo whito with dust, and the mulberry trees will be stripped of thoir foiiago for the silkworms. As for flowers, there aro few here compared with thoso in tho Eaglish fields, but there arA anmiv ABnnAiallv tvliorn a mnnl fnr irrlraalinn raus besido tho rood, crossed hero and there by its passerle, the little foot bridgo. There nro few worfarcrs along .the road, and in tbe fields the workers aro chiefly women. " Our journey took throodays ; tho sleoping ac- coinmodatlon in tho villages being poor but bet ter than in the. boats. Hero at Aix, everything is good and comfortable. . " 1 havo been sketching in the town ; I havo made a drawing of onr town houso, which is in an old hooso in a dark and. narrow street. It stands round three sides of a court, iu which aro lilacs and fig trees and and a fountain. I did not ask to whom tbo house now holoogs, but 1 bogged permission of tho concierge to 6kotch'it. Thero being no one at homo I. was allowed .to i sit in the courf an J maie my drawing.' I have also sketched tho cathedral and 'tho church of St. John, where my ancestors lio buried. Hap pily their tombs were, not dofuccd by tho revo lutionists. ; " My dearest Molly, there remains to ho soon only the old chateau nnd tho placo whqre mv father died. Some day'porhaps we may be able to erect a monument to him as well, though his body lies' wo know not where. . " The talk is everywhere of war hero as well as in Paris. ' It is reported that tbo dock, yard at To'aloa was novcrso busy, the' workmen boing engaged all nightlong in relays, Thoy say, at tho cafcfs that tinlflSS thn Rn<r)ic1i I?!t« Iin Malta war will bo immediately declared. Tbo issna is in the hands of God, but the struggle will bo . terrible. I never understood until now hpw \- groat .is the - power-of |ho first consul/and how . wondorful has been his succoss. , . ' ' ' .lo-morrow 1 walk to Evragues vi,; — moro than 10 miles from Aix Shall t i chateau as I left it ? If so the flying about tho tower, the dos wfll bcblrw-1" in the kennels, and tho cocks will be crowi -8 tho yard, and in the garden tho roses win i, 11 begun to flower and 8tbe 111 "' tti, host. But my father, who tiseil to woiL tho teraacc, will be thero uo longer. I howtr weir' D" Far<:,Te"' V lvc, ari. This letter reached us at. tho end of April Wo waited patiently at first for the pronS successor. None came the next week, and none the week after. Then I for my part began to grow impatient. Day by day 1 went ont ® meet the postboy from Farcham. Sometime! he turned at tho road which loads to the castle and blew his horn at tlio Vicarage, but ucrer for me. And tho weeks passed bv and nnii.;n more was heard. Now by our calculations the time for n letter to reach Porchester from Aix being oiglitecn days, if Raymond had arrived at Toulon about the iniddlo of April, supposing that his business kept him there no moro than two or three days, he would proceed to Marseilles and thenco make his way as rapidlv as he could across France, and so home, and "should arrive by the middle of May. "That is the reason " I said, trying to re-assuro myself, tlioiwh'l spent tho nights in tears and prayers, why he has not written another letter, bccauso he ij posting homewards ns speedily as ho can travel and comes as fast as any letter. He will be with us therefore about tho middlo of Mav." The middle of May passed and lie did not re- turn. Nor was there any letter from him v„„. on the 18th of May in that year, a very grave step was taken by his Majesty the King, Uo declared war against Franco. Those who were in State secrets havo since assured the world that this stop was not taken without, due considera tion, and a full knowledge of its importance and further, that in declaring war, the Kin® anticipated the intentions of Buonaparte whoso only reason for defcring his declaration was that he might find time to build more ships. Well— even though war was declared, Ray mond was a man of peace who would bo suf fered to return. It was not .likely that a war which could not greatly move the hearts of tho peoplo, the causes for which lay in political reasons which they could not understand, would exasperate the French against a simple English traveller. Letters, it is certain, sometimes miscarry ; from tho 60uth of France to Hampshire is indeed a terrible distance. Onr traveller would como home before his letter, war or no war. Thns passed seven weeks, and (lien we heard thnt Buonnparto, by an exorcise of nuthority whicli was wholly without parallel in tho his tory of nations, had ordered that all English, men travelling in Frauco, even peaceful mer- chants and clergymen, . should be detained. Among tliora no doubt Raymond. But other detenus, as they were called, wroto letters homo which were duly forwnrdod and.rcceivcd, Why did not Raymond write ? It was through mc — oh ! through me— aud none other, that ho went away. I encouraged him to talk abont his old home. I fed tho flnine of desiro to see it again. Had it not beea for mo lie would havo stayed at home and now wo should have been all happy together — safe and happy. But now — where was lie? In a French prison ; in rags liko our Frencli pri soners ; with" no money : how could we get to liim ? How help him ? llow know even where ho was ? " My child," said Madame Claire, "we nro in the hands of Heaven. Do not reproach your- seU. Raymond was filled with longiug to see native land again. Nay, wliat .can hnve hap pened to him bnt detention with tlio- other English travellers ?" Whilo I wept and wrung my hands, and Madame Ciairo consoled mc, aud we sought to find reasons for this long silence,, it was strango to listen to the poor madwoman laughing aud chiefly about Raymond. "The boy has grown tall, my .friend," she would say. " The tirao comes when- wo most find a wifo for him. Then, in our . old age, wo shall have our grandchildren round us. When ho comes home, ho shall marry ; lio will como now very soon." It seemed as if in some imperfect way she understood that her son was gone somewhero. Perhaps it was to comfort us that sho kept re peating tho words, " Ho will come home soon ; he will como home soon." Alas, tho time came when these words were a mockery. It was at the beginuiug of the teulh week that I received ono more letter iu that, dear hand writing. But what a letter, oh, what a letter I For it left us without ono gleam of hope or com fort. Wo must bow, thoy say, to the decrees of Providonco. Yes, wo must bow bccauso thero is nothing elso that will help ; vet tho shattering of all liopo aud tlio wreck of all happiness by one single stroke is moro than human nature can endure without murmuriug. I should meet my lover in Heaven, said Madam. Alas 1 Heaven at 19 scorns so far away, and to one whoso heart is wholly given to an earthly ilrtamait paui44a n IawIapo t%1 aaa GllfP I Uvltl nil DVV1U3 A JUJ iwoo am that if when one is young the choice sras offered of a contiuuanco of carthiy joys which wo know with youth and health and plant-, or of tho unknown heavenly joys, though wo are plainly told that mind cannot concoivo and tongue caunot tell their raptures, wc should for tho most part prefer tho former. Ob, this.letterl Can I, even now, think of it without a sinking of tno heart, and a wonder that the letter did not kill mo on the spot. Tho postboy stopped" at onr garden gato. Twos a morning in Juno. Tho lilacs and aburnums were still ont ; all tho roses were in blossom and the sun was . so warm that one was. able already to sit in tho open air. At sight of tho man my h'oart leaped np. He bad a letter fori me, which ho held up and laughed — for he know my impatience anil anxiety — sad I rushed to tbo gato and took it.. Yes ; it was in my Raymond's handwriting. ' I left the postman to got his money from Sally, and ran as'fast as I could to the cottage, my letter in my hand. ' , A letter," . I cried. "A letter from Ray mond I Oh 1 At last— at last. Now wo shall know I" . . Then 1 tore open tho teal and read it alona. "MydearestMolly, — Tliisisthe lost- lotter you will over recoivo from;your lover." Hit last lotter 1 7 ... : , .) . ' it AnSnb t" a1ai1 flloUn i If falld it quickly." am in. prison at Tonlon. I have bnt a low minutea given to . me for this letter, in which .1 should baro said so much flad I timft My dear — ay dear— I aa about to "Tii Trv to forget me, my poor heart. Or rr t of mo as one who lived in thy heart for n fl", „o(i then was taken away. I am to be ' Holiaed fo" an English spy, in the very e!" i where, ten years ago, they shot my fnther. f is sfrange that my death should be like his. J'l not a spy, as you know; but I have Ltd to convince my judges, I was tried S liar and I am to die to-morrow Line amidst tho execrations of the people. ? tfiis a strange destiny for father and von? I s my mother for me By the tim, This f reaches you, she will bo already convers- ' With the spirit of her son as well as that of i? husband, for, mv dear, wliore could my rit rest if uot near thco ? and if my father's £ hath obtained this privilege, why not na? My spirit can have no terrors for thee. Kd much to tell, but now you will never L„r what has happeucd to me, and why. I tare assurance that this letter will bi sent to f, .„ To-morrow X am to die. Farewell— hrewcll— farewell. Oh, Molly, my sweet girl, I kiss tho piaco whero I write thy name, iare- ,n my dear, farewell 1" 1 know not how I was able to read this letter .loud for ovcrv worn was nice a aagger Inecd into my heart. Oli ! a thousand dag- ,r5 would have been better than this lotter, so fnVof love and pity, and yet so terrible with its "Sever that day. Think, if you can, bow Madam fell upon lior kucos and prayed, not for Lself but for me; think how I sat with dry " , gpccchless ; think how my fnther came and wept think how ail that time poor mad lady iwWed aud sang as happy as tho blackbird in the orchard, and repeated, like a parrot in a cage, "Be will come home soon, lie will come 'ButS|twas strange, Every day I looked to «ce her conversing with the spirit of her son as well as that of her husband. But Kaymond rame not, , Chapter X.— Is the Tower. it was not until six months later, and under lircumstances which will bo related in their place, that wo heard what happened after Ray mond left Aix. The Tillage of Eyragucs is about 10 or 12 miles from Aix, along a dusty white road with I plane trees on cither side, or avenues of the iptcadiug poplar, and, when a village or a farmhouse is passed, cypresses and chestnuts, havmond intended to walk to tho place, to get ju'h accommodation for tho night as might be .thimble, and the next day, after makiug a sketch of his ancestors' home, to walk back to A;t and thence proceed to Toulon by dili gence. it was late in the afternoon when he arrived it the place. Alow hill rises steep on the south side and on the west with a, path slope ; tho village itood upon the slope aud on the top of the lull, where tho cliff looks over the valley of tho Durance, was the chateau. Hero tho valley is tad and the stream narrow, running over its .ravel bed with a mclodions ripple as if _ it was the most inuoccut brook in the world though no river is more dangerous by reason of its sudden inundations. Meadows lie in its val ley, cattle graze in it, up ' farmhouses have been built in it, hut woe 1 s the farmers and the cattle when tho floods t .ur down tho valley. In the cliff overlooking the river there are caves partly natural, pnrtly artificial ; these were for merly used as dwelling houses by the poorer peasants and the shepherds, their entrance being closed with wood. The village itself consisted of one sloping street, iu the middle of which was the church and beside it tho presbyters or vicarage. Opposit to the church the village inn with three shrubs in great green casks be fore the door and the usual bunch of dry bush cr briar hanging over the door. Within, at this time of day, Ruymoud thought, the vil lagers would lio slowly assembling to talk loudly and to drink strong rough l'rovenco wine while the lads played at bowls. As Kaymond drew nearer, approaching the village bom the west he remarked two or three things which seemed strange. There were no tattle in tho meadows — why — the meadows wore formerly full of entile; the bed of tho tivcr seemed to have grown broader than he re membered—when one rovisits places seen last iu childhood they generally look stnalloi— the buildings in the valley were rootless, tho caves ihowed no sign of inhabitants. He entered tho street. Thcro had been a dreadful fire, aud most of the houses were do- moved wholly or in pert. Those which had (scaped were shut up. The Tillage auberge had I its bush above the door and its tlirco shrubs in I gteea casks before it : hut the door was closed I and the shrubs wero dead. Raymond looked I into the church, the door of which stood wide I open. It was only a small church, lit with one I cr two wiudows, kept, t! at is, in twilight, as I e-7 B.ke "'e'r churches iu this hot country. I The pictures were hnuging on tho walls, the I chairs were piled in the corner, but the altar I was dismantled aud bare, and tho smell ol I incense, which seems part of a Roman Catholic I Church, was gone. I . Ihyuioud came out. Outside the church lie I looked up the street nml down tho street, hut ho I Could sco uo sign of life. I n,Am' l'lcn 'le ''c»rd footsteps. At last, then. I inere was some one iu the villago. An old I p?1"?11 e#"10 out of a cottage, beside tho inn, I she caino hobbling on' two sticks looking I cunously at the stranger. She was bent with I jots, wrinkled and dccrcpid. She advanced I l , Suddenly she hurst into a cackling I Bud of laugh not pleasant to hear. I lift! Ha I '' pI.m — ...I g ' \r _ A B I t cucu. lou aro conic ar I ust, Jlonseigneur. Oh ! 1 knew you would I jme day. X told liiui that you would come. ' I "Who am I then ?" I vJ-WT' cr-r we" hmt .on ivonirt come. 1 knew that you would uot come before tho 1 Sja'"?0' ' everything in its place. I roil '"'"dtttiou. That carried away his I k„ destroyed his meadows. Next the 1 E!T!;,Ahat ,00k away his villngc. What I his J5 « Thcro is only himself or I hkehi's sou?"U COm 'r 01 £''a11 you I ttlu '®id re',lcl"hered her now. But she 9 iore.il i U he had last seen her 10 years be- 1 Children uuo voluau living withhergraud- 8 "wLk0f"l' Madam Vidal," ho said. 8 pencil ? " ln heaven's naino has hap- 8 Who I?, IT \mrBS again, M.la Comte. . Those 8 to 'thriw - ttck, tom tho dead'do well to return I !onng an,?h »-r ,Itt ,ie,lV011 we shall all be I 3 a ( He is horribly | wu'dcad."5' )'ou I tliiuk he will drop "Who?" "I.ouis Lcroy. Who else?" !' A,,0 aro "10 People then ?" ' .1C>' gone; tho war took some: of Hm'h k , so'" ! ihe burning of tho houses sent the rest away. The lonwf ,'„S CS,0rtC(1- The PeoP'0 wo,l|d stay no a.P'aee accursed lest something worse should befal thorn. But as for me, I am old, nothing can hurt me now." " Why is tho place accursed ?" " .. '',for,?.ou' hi. Le Comte, to ask sitcn a question. Hie euro told him when ho first came here that the wrath of tho Bon Dieu was Liuri'F' . , Go UP tlle hill. You will find Inni at the chateau," mnciv1 r1"5; aid deserted village, the houses mostly burned dowu; nobody iu tho place; hero was a prospect of a pleasant night. Raymond wont on up tho hill, and before long came to tho top on which the chateau stood. Alas ! tho modern part of the house wus destroyed, only the shell remaining, and beside it, the ancient Tower. The .gardens were grown over with tho farm buildings, and in ruins ; the gieat dove cot was empty : there were uo signs of life about the.plncent all. , ihero was yot about half an hour of day- light and Raymond sat down to make the most of it. Ho would have time to sketch the ruins, and he would then retrace his steps and put up for the night at some auberge on the way to Aix. . The Tower, however, was not uninhabited. rrc9ently a man cainc forth from the great doorway. He was dressed rather bettor, than the peasants hiit looked neglected ; his chin un shaven, his.liair without powdor. When Ray-, uionu, who had taken off liis hat nnd was working bareheaded, saw the man at tho door he rose to salute him. . . To his amazement,- the proprietor of tho Tower, if fbc man was the proprietor, shrieked alornl and staggered. . Raymond ran to tiis assistance. "Are you ill?" ho asked. The man made no reply, but his lips trembled . Raymond saw before him a man of 45 or perhaps 50. His face was wolfish ; the fucc of a mail who lives alone and thinks continually of wickedness. This must bo tho man of whom the old woman hud spoken. "I a'n afraid," said Raymond, " that in this lonely place I have startled you. I am, how- ever, only a harmless traveller, and X have taken the liberty of sketching lliis ruin in which I have an interest." The man recovered a little. "I am sub ject," he said, '-to sudden fits of pniu. ' You were saying, monsieur, that you are a traveller ?" " I am a traveller aud an artist. It is my practice to make drawings of all - the places which I visit," - . , f An artist. It is strange. -May I ask what is your name, monsieur." . . "My name is Arnault. Would yoii likc to see my passports ?" , : ;: . nut III -.an — Arnault — \v nat is your Christian name ?" " It is Raymond. , , " Then, monsieur," said the mail, 'speaking slowly, "unless I am mistakon your father's name was also Raymoud. IIis full name was Raymond' Arnault, Cointo d'Eyragues. He was killed, I believe, at.Toulon after tho cap ture of the city by tlio revolutionary army. " " All this is quite trno, though I understand not how you know it." "I know. it from the likeness that you bear to your father, coupled with . the fact that vou bear his name.!'. . " Were you a friend of my father's? " - " Young man, your father .was. a nobleman. was one of the people. He could ltave no friendship for suelf as I.!' "An old woman in tho villago mentioned the nnmo of Louis Lcroy — tho man who de nounced my father." "There isuo Louis Lcroy in this place. There has not been anyouo of that uainc for many years" lie replied quickly. "Well," said Raymoud, " I am his son. But I am now an Englishman and havo only come here in order to see tho" place where I was born. That is natural, is it not?" " Quite natural. I am the proprietor of the estates, such as they havo become. A valuable possession. Tho river has washed away iny cattle and my meadows ; a fire has destroyed my village; tho people have all gone away ; the house is iu ruins. A valuable possession, tiuly." " Is the old houso in Aix also yours ?" " That is also mine. Hut 1 cannot lot it. For they say that it is haunted. They say that this place is haunted, tool Before the people went away none of tliem would come up Here aiicr ciuik, riauuica : iiiou you do not know who bought this estate ' " I havo never learned.'' " Well, it matters nothing. Louts Lcroy— I kucw liiin well — has been dead, I think, for soiuc timo. You were not in search of him ? No. Some sons might have sought revenge, l'ou do not. That is woll Revenge is . a foolish thing to desire. Better let him alone even if he be still living " " The mau shall never bo sought by me. If I were to find him— if I'had my fingers 'on his throat — I do not say — ' ' All 1 Your blood is Provonjal ; your hnnds would ho on his' throat.' V Yes," I think I sco vou. You has o tho Arnault face,' and it is "fierce whon roused. Yes, you would make short work of Louis Lcroy, ; if you . had' tho chance.' Ha! Ha! lie will do « ell to keep out of your way. That is quite certain, qiiitc certaiu. Hal Hal"' tt«L. 'AimMiul ami rnhhftl liis hfl!ld8» lUb lUHU VUUV<»ikM ,-l . | | Tho thought of Louis Lcroy bemg throtaod seemed to please liiin. lie showed his leetli when ho laughed, and ho looked at his visitor sideways with suspicious oyes, which made hun look move like a wolf. . " Coiue," lie said, "one of your family must not bo scut awny from this place. , Share my dinner and take what I can give you for a bed. Oil! it is not too much; a poor moaland.a simplo 'pallet. But such as tlicy .are I offer th Raymond accopted willingly. Tho man was not prepossessing to look at, but olio must- not judge by first iuipressious. I hcrefoio lie fol lowed bis host, tbiukiug liinisolf lucky to get the cliuuco of a supper aad bed. _ His host led tho way into the)tower. Tho joor a great massive door set with big nails, aud provided with a solid lock— opened luto a room with a stone floor, stouo walls rinil a vaulted stone roof. A door in tho "do showed spiral stairs leading to upper rooms. Tho room was furnished with two chairs and a table. There was a stove in it, and tho smell of some cookery, His Host lifted a saucepau from afiie of wood-ashes. "You arc ready for your dinner? Good, then sit down. lie poured out the contents of tlic saucepan into a dish, and set it on the table with a Ion loaf of bread, the salt and a bottle of wine. "It is a stew," he said; "a stew of rabbit, with onions and beans, I trapped the rabbit. Eat, Monsieur le Comic." Raymond was hungry, tired and thirsty. He made accordingly an excellent meal, drinking freely of the bjack aud strong Proveuco wine. UK host ate and drank but little. When tho first bottle wns finished bo brought' out another, and encouraged his guest to talk, asking him a hundred questions aad appearing deeply in terested in liis replies, so that tho youug man freely spoke of himself aud of his circumstances and the conditions of his people; how his mother had lost her reason aud his father's ijister had miraculously preserved tho Holy Rose, on which they had subsisted until now; but that the jewels being by this time all sold ho was to become the support of the family! " I understand," said iiis host. "They have now nothing left. So that if yon were not to return thev ivnnlri Kfon-A » ; Kaymond was also, easily induced to show the drawings which he had made. "Young man,!' said his entertainer, "you arc going to Toulon, von say. Then I will- go with you. I can show you all the best spots for. an artist. Dp not forget to bring your port folio of sketches . with you ; and upon my word,!' lie looked Raymond full in the face, V.upon.iny.word, youug man, I feci -as if. your business was already completed aud you were standiug.where your father stood, it- will be 'deeply interesting."' , . . It was ;then about 10 o'clock. Ravmond asked permission to go to bed. " ; - '.' This way," said his host, taking tho caudle and mouuting the stairs, ".you will find noth ing bat a mattress and. a blanket. Behold !" There wore two rooms on this floor, divided by a partition wall.. The one. into which Ray mond was shown was lighted by asiuglc narrow window barred with iron, and without glass. A mattress lay iu tho corner. There was uo other furniture in it." ; "Thank you," said Raymond. "It will serve me Tory woll." "I sleep in tho next room. There is no other occupant of tho Toiver. . It is silcut here at night when one is alone. There arc ghosts, Lain told, especially of your father. But I have never seen him. Ho wns denounced, yon kuow, by Louis Lcroy, who, was liis half, brother. Ha ! if 3011 had your lingers upon his throat I Good night and good roposo, Monsieur lo Comte;" f Raymond quickly undressed and (lirew him self upou the mattress. In a few moments he was asleep. r In the niiddle of tho night lie had a dream; Ho dreamed that ho woke up suddenly. The inoon was shining through the bars of the window so as to lead some light to the room. iiien, wnuo ne lay quite still, aud showing no desire to move, he saw the door between the two rooms slowly open. " Ho was not in the least afraid, being in a dream. But he won dered what was rgoiug to liappcu. Then he saw liis host standing at the open door! He had' taken' off boots and coat. For a few moments lie stood as if uncertain. Then he began to move slowly and cautiously towards .the mattress. -Raymond saw that he had a knife. in his hand. But lie was not in the least afraid, because' he was in a dream. Tho man proposed to murder him, perhaps. That was in teresting aud curious! : How would ho be pre vented ?: Suddenly the murderer sprang back, throwing up his'armsj'and witli a face full of terror, rushed from the-room. And in 'the middle of tho room, just vvliero the moonlight fell, Ray mond sanv in this slrnu'gd dream, tho figurc of his father. . .This -did not surprise him in the least.; . .Bilt he was glad that the murderer hail been stayed in his purpose. Ami he wondered what lie would say about it in the morning. . When Raymond woke up the sun was already high ; ho rose quickly iiud dressed, liis , host was' lip before him. Strange to say he had qiiitc forgotten his curious dream. Chapter XL— Tim' Kiss or Judas. Iiayinoud forgot, I say, his dieain ivith .the man and tlib knife. Had bo remembered it he would have been ashamed of it, so friendly was his cntcrtaiucr. ,Ho led him about the place, showed liiui how the greatest inundation ever kuown in'the history of the Durance River had destroyed his . cattle, overthrown, his farm houses and covered his meadows with sioncs and gravel. "But this," ho said,.; might have happened to anyone. If your father was living it wouul nave nappeneu an 1110 s une. " I suppose it would," said Raymond, Thou the man led his guest through the villago. "\Vhen,3ou wore a child," ho said, 'ftlio village was full of ' people'. There were 500 souls in this placo. Here was the tavern where thoy drank ; here was the church where they went to mass; under these trees tho lads played at- bowls on Sunday morning ; maiiy a ' tinie havo I sceu your parents watching the villagers on their way homo after inasS.; in tho evbniiig thoy danbea here.',' \- . ti You knew the placo then? Youarc liota native of tho village?" : , , ' I have been hero ou business. The chateau was the first to be destroyed. . They came from Toulon! First thoy pluudered the house at Aix,' then thoy came on here .and sacked tho cliatcau. '. The. books uud pictures thov burned aud trampled uudorfobt, tho '.'furniture they broke up, but tho plate they carried off. How- ever, the estate remained and the. village. Now, there is nothing."; „ . "The first to go,", lio said, " was tho cure, lie Hod to savo his life, and llioy carried away tho vessels of the altar. ' Then came tho inuu-. datiou ; then the youug nieu had to go to war. When tho villago was burued down (hero were uot 50 pcbplo left, arid now' thoy are gone,. and there is nobody except '-myself and an old woman; who is mad." But' all this would have happened .whetlior-your fathor was shot or no, would it not?" -.'r - . , "I luppbso it would,". said. Raymond. "One cauuot think that the wrath of Heaven for my. father's niiirdor" would fall -upon inuoccut '"'"No!' ho. ' It would ' full on "tho head- of Louis Lerov." Alih if ; jour; fingers wero once about ;his throat. However; the man is dead. Tho man was very friendly and yet Raymond, was ill at case with him; rind he had a .trick ; of; glancing suspiciously -sidoways as hp 'talked, which inado ono uncomfortable.' , " , ;; Ho was so . friendly ' that ho - accoinpanied Raviriond back . to" Aix,'' 'and Trom ; Aixto Toiilon, where ho '5Bid;-he! had business.- :'Ho was so friendly tiiat he followed the young man about everywhere, and seemed unwilling to suf fer him out of liis sight. At Toulon lie noted as guido, and led Raymond to the spot where his father suffered death. " Here, beneath these trees," ho said, "sat the Commissioners, Freron, young Robespierre arid tho others. Eli 1 They are all dead now. The prisoners wero brought here to be tried — they were all aristocrats and they had no chance. Among them were a few poor devils who were servants They were shot to deter others from serving royal ists. Some of them were ladies — oil, I assure you, beautiful ladies, hut all palo and trembling with terror. Well, they had not long to wait. Some of them were mere chil dren, some old men and some )oung men like your father. Some of them wept aud lamented, especiully the servants, when they saw that there would be uo favor shown to any but every man and woman must, be taken im partially and placed in front of the soldiers. But mast bore themselves proudly, like your fathor. ; Young man, there never wns anyone piuuuLT man your miner. A, who was standing by, remember the contempt with which he re garded his judges." '.' What did lie say to the witness, his half- brother?" ' "He said nothing," tho man replied with hesitation. -.".What could lie say?" ; " Did he curse him ?" . f'Ho did not." " What has (he lot of that man been since that day ?;" ' ' . / . ;r". He had nothing: to lose ; therefore, if lio is a poor; mail, now he is uo worse off than lie was before." _ I ' But he is dead,- yon say. Louis ./Loroy , has been -dead for. a loug timC.!'.'; ". , -Had lie. children of his own? ; " He lmd one son only." . ' "Perhaps then," said Raymond, "heaven will strike hiin in the person of his son.!' : " Hero, " the, man continued, "each man stood to take his trial. On'this spot stood the witnesses, when there were any. In - your father's case there was one only. " But lie was enough." Here stood the prisoner when liis turn came to be shot hero stood the file of soldiers. Oh ! it was a day of vengeance for the Revolu tion." . Raymond "took off liis hat reverently before the spot whore liis father had perished. . " Vory likely," continned his guide, " your father might havo escaped -but for the man Lcroy, who first caused him .to be arrested— you dill not know that — and then gave evidence against him. There wore several thousauds left ;in Toulon when the English went away ; there.were riot morq than eight or nine hundred shot. '- Very, likely, ho would have escaped.' "As for that nian Lcroy, now," he went on, You would like to have your fingers on his throat, 'would you not ?" , "It 1 had, said Raymond hoarsely, "I would kill him — here— where m> father died." "Ah! lie is dead now. That is fortunate for him. He lived in great fear because mis fortune alwa3s fell upon him — just as it has upon me. But the thing ho never thought upon, the daugcr which I10 least expected, was the return of the Count's sou. What should he do, if he were living now ?" There never could be eyes more full of moaning and suspicion than this man's. " What should he do?" "I care not. What docs it matter ?" " lie would protect himself, would he not ?" " I suppose so. Now leave me if you please, I wish to be alone." The guide obeyed — that is to say, he with drew a little ; but ho watched and presently followed. Meantime, Raymond tried to people tho scene, now a peaceful market place, full of stalls and market women, with the prisoners, soldiers and commissioners of that day and massacre. . Then he took out liis sketch book and made n drawing of. the place, When he had finished his drawing he remem bered the quay where he had stood with his mother all through tbnt fearful night, the shells hissing and burstiug iu the air, the flames of the arsenal makiug the scene ns light as day. It was easy to fid tlio plnce. From tho square a street leads straight to tho spot. The sight was very different now. The harbor, was full of men of war, frigates andall kinds of war vessels, a sight which might havc fillcd an English sailor's heart with joy,, giving rich promise of prizes The quny itself was covered with all kinds of ships' gear ; there was tho sound of hammering and the ruuning to and fro of men. For the outbreak of war with England was again imminent and the'work of the dockyards wiic mi nirrht fltid dav. Raymond looked about him trying to re member,, which was in vain, where thoy hud been standing. Then he took out liis sketch book again. Behind him at a little distatico — a gcudiirmo w-utched him. Beside the gendarme stood Raymond's host and friend, whisper ing furtively. ; When ho had completed this little drawing he rose and begau to wander about the town, -glad to be alone. His work was done. He had seen . liis aucestral home, .shattered aud ruined ; he had visited tho old church at Aix where tho bones of liis forefathers wero buried ; lie had seen the great house which had beeu their toivn rcsidcnco ; he had stood upon tho spot whero his father was shot, and upon the quay whence lie was dragged with his niothor by the English sailors ; now there reuiaiued nothing more but to go home. lie wandered about the town tbiukiug of these things and of his journey homo, and of HIS SWCCllieaiiri A VDuuujr (IV luuuu iiiiuevu at the fortifications. . . Without any thought of clangor, he sat down before a gate anil began to sketcli them. There was nothing specially iii- teiMtjng 'about the building, yet ho mado a drawing of it He did uot observe that the gendarme who had watched him making his- sketch on the quay hod followed him, nnd was still watching him at a distance. When ho had drawn tlio gateway he w.ilked out ol the town, having uo object hut to wander about aim lessly until the evening. Ou tlio following day he would begin his homeward journey. Outsido the town, halt way up the hill on the western side, there stands an outpost or fort, which, when tho British troops hold tho town, was also held by thorn, and called Gibraltar, because it wns corisidercd impregnable: It com mands the towu, and from its bastions a fine view is obtained of the harbor, the arsenals, tho town and :tho fortifications. ' This fort was 'tnken in Buonnp'artc— it was the- first act by 'which lid. distinguished liiniself — and once taken tlie capture of tlic town Was rendered eas). 'Raymond, .following 'a winding path, fouud -himself within 'this bastion. Ho looked over the rampart, and fouud thr . it commanded a beautiful view of Toulon, Imroor which, with tlio dockyard, the walls and the town, lay stretched out at his feet. Again he drew forth his book and began to sketch tho view before liiin. Presently he heard footsteps approaching, but he thought nothing of them, and went on witli liis work. "I arrest your in tho name of the Re public." . A heavy hand was laid upon his shoulder., Raymond sprang to liis feet. . It was a gen darme ; behind the gondarmo was a dozen soldiers. ' - . - " Why do you arrest me?" " I arrest you as an English spy, detected in the act of making a plan of the fortifications." Ru3mond laughed. The man pointed- to his sketch, ou which some parts of the walls', wore already drawn. "Gome with mc," ho said. Rayinond obeyed. Resistance, indeed, would have been impossible. Tho man took from liim his sketch book and laid his hand upon his shoulder. The soldiers followed, Wiien they wore within the town a crowd began to gather, and presently, ominous, cries wero uttered, '.'The English spy ; tho English spy. . Death to spies !" . . . Then the crowd pressed closer and cried louder. Fists were shaken in Raymond's face ; voices were raised crying for im'mediata justice, A! la. lanterns! " . The crowd gro larger, and the cries- louder and more threaten ing. There; is 110 rnge more .unreasonable- . swifter and more uncontrollable than the rag of a mob,...; Raymoud would have been torn to , pieces but for the soldiers who had accom panied his captor.and now surrounded the pri soner and meted as n guard. ' . At last. Ho was within the prison walls and in safety for the moriient. Outside the inob raged and shouted. It was a warlike mob, composed chiefly of sailors and soldiers, whom the very word spy maddens. They would have liked nothing better than.. to have the English spy thrown to thorn. When Raymond found himself stripped of everything arid thrust roughly into n cell, he consoled ..himself by thinking that a clmrge.'so absurd could not he maintained,, lie should be rcloascd the next day. - ., . lie was mistaken.' ' . Iu the morning lie was taken before a magis trate. - ".!: On the table were laid the -sketches taken from his portfolio, his. drawing, pcucils, liis passport, liis pocket book and his purse. The prisoner, asked to give an account of himself, stated that lie was aii English subject named Raymond Arnold, that he was an artist by profession, arid that he was travelling for his pleasure in France. !. . ... On further examination lie confessed that his name was Raymond Aruault, and that he was a French subject bv birth, and the son of the' ci dev.ant Comte .d'E3ragries, condemned to death for treason, lie also ' coufcssed that he tauglit the youug ofliccrs of tho British navy the art of drawing plans of fortifications. He declared that he had no other motive in visiting this part of Frauce bat the nntural curiosity of seeing once more his birth place and the place where his father died ; also that he was actu ated in making these sketches by no other mo- tivo than the desire of preserving alive his re collections of these scenes. His preliminary examination wns.. short. When it was completed 'lie' was taken back to prison. . . Two days afterwards lie was agniu taken! before the magistrate, who asked liim a great number ed questions ns to the object of his journey anil, the various places he had visited. His note book was produced, and he was' asked why certaiu facts had been sot down, and for what reason he had shown so great a cariosity into the condition of the country. .Ra.vmond re plied as well as he could, explaining that these notes wero nothing but the simple observations - of a traveller. . His au'swers were taken down without comment. He then requested permis sion to soud a letter to the British Ambassador at Paris. This request was at once refused; on tho ground that lie was uot n British subject. Ou'the third examination the magistrate; who was not hostile or unnecessarily harsh, pointed out to the prisoner that , his case was one in which the. penalty, should he be found guilty, was nothing short of death ; that tlic aspect of the case, was most serious-; that the relations bctweon Frauce and England were already strained, and thatsho'uld war unhappily break out - before his trial' it would probably go haril with him. Therefore hcexhorted him to confess everv- thtupr; including the secret instructions given lltlii UJ wvviuiwwiv, .SUM II|V imnuw of the information he bail collected. Fiu'diug that tlie prisoner remained obdurate, the magistrate ordered him to ho taken hack to prison... ' ' - - - He- had already been in prison three weeks. He "was ' forbiddon ' : to writo any letters or to communicate with the outer world at all. Au ordinary criminal may' -get this indulgence but uot a .spy Mora than this, he was treated by tho gaolers with every indiguity they had power to inflict upon him! tho men letting iiiiu understand daily that they would -enjoy nothing so liiuch'as to ni der tho British spy. , ' ' 1 could hot understand." lie told us afte. wards, ".I could never uuderstauil all that time, how such a suspicion, could possi lily fall- upou me. Nor was it till I heard the speech of the advocate for tho prosecution uud the evi. deuce that I was able to see the weight of thr suspicion against me." Chapter XII. — The 'Trial. .' If the times had been tranquil, I suppose that Raymond would have been immediately re leased. But the air was full of rumors and suspicions ; tho dockyard of 'l'oulou wai active ; ships were being fitted out ; there wna talk of nothing but war. Therefore the most innocent action, such as the drawing of n gateway or a sketch of the Quai was liable to bo exaggerated into tho nctiou of an English spy. Added to this was the fact now. known to all, that tlic prisoner was not a British, but - a French subject, that he was travelling under ari assumed uinhe, aud that he whs tlic sen ol 1 ono who had been instrumental 'in bringing tho c Britisli troops into Toulon. Had Raymond been released, tlic mob would have executed justice upon him for a hireling of I'ltt. lie was brought to trial throe weeks uftor his ' arrest, having been kept iu close 'confinement except fur his examination by the magistrate In accordance with French cu-toms lie wai 1 kept -iii igriiiraucc of the evidence, if any, on which tho charge against liim was to he sup ported, hut he knew that Uo was accused of being a spy in the service of tbe British Govern ment. ' ' I suppose that he wits kept waiting so long in order that the case against him might ho made tomnlete. It was three weeks before his trial Came on; He was informed that ho would be med in the civil court as a French subject on a Charge of treason. I suppose that innocent or guilty there can not be a more terrible thing for a man. than to \- - Etand- atrial on a capital charge, and more especially on such a charge as this, when a hos tile feeling against the prisonor is suro to Exist When Raymond found himself in the great hall of justice placed in the prisoner's box, he was at first confused, and in a manner over whelmed. Tho tribunal, as it is called, was occupied by three judges ; on tho right of tho tribunal sat tho jury, on the left was tho pri soner, guarded on both sides by gent tVarmes ; the advocate for the prisoner stood immediately boforo his client so that he conld communicate, and the counsel for tho prosecution was on the opposite side. . A large table below the tribunal Was occupied by clerks, and tho great body of the hall was crowded with spectators. The Windowswere so placed that their full light tell upon the ' features of the prisoner, so that no change o£ countenance could escape tho eyes of judges or jury. i Tho clerk first read the indictment. It was to the effect that Ilaymond Arnault, born at the Chateau d'Eyragues, ouly son of the late 'Eaymond Arnault, commonly called Comte d'Eyragues, who was shot for treason to the Republic, was a spy engaged by the British Government to collect information as to the condition of the couutrv. make lilans of fortresses, learn the state of the nrsenals, the number, armaments, &c.;, of ships fitting out Dr building, with all other facts or information Which might bcnsefnl to tho British Govern ment and prejudicial to tho Hepublic. The indictment read, the president began Iho trial' by putting questions to the prisoner. These' were nothing more than those already Sut by the magistrate in his examinations, 'hey mado ihe prisoner give his name, his ago aid occupation ; they inquired into the reasons which made him nndertakc the journey Snd why: ho travelled under a false name, why e made sketches, why he made certain entries In his note hook,- why he asked questions every where. You travelled from Lyons to Aries in a Water coach," asked tho president, " aud from Aries to Aix by diligence. On the way you lonversed with the other passengers ?" " I did, I was pleased after 10 years, to talk With Frenchmen again." " You asked questions of everybody." " If I did, it was out of puro curiosity. Tho questions were such as to ask for no informa tion that might not ho published "to all the world;" "What? You inquired into tho condition of tho ariny ; you asked if the country was not drained of fighting men, and you asked if the women .were obliged to do all tho work in the fields; yon inquired whether tho people were good Republicans, or whether they wanted tho Bourbon; back again — yon call those questions auch as might be published?" ' I repeat," said Eaymond, "that the ques tions I asked were solely out of curiosity." It appears that in France the' judges ex amine and cross-examine a prisoner before the witnesses are called, and that thoy have thus the power to mako liim' criminate himself, Which is contrary to our custom. When the questions were finished, Eaymond having to repeat a dozen times his solemn do- uial that he was engaged and paid ' by the British Government, the witnesses were called. "I was anxious!" said Jtavmond. " In enn who tbcsb witnesses might he ; and ' you may judge of my astonishment when tho first wit ness wis no other than my host of Eyragues, and that he was none other tlmn the man Louis Lefroy'himself. And then.I understood nil." Yes, 'tho man who had received and enter tained him, who had given him advice and ac companied him to Toulon, was none other than tho man Louis Leroy. " My name," ho said, in answer to the presi- lent, "is now Louis Gavotte ; before tho Eovo- dtion it was Louis Leroy. I am a proprietor. On tho 20th April last I observed the prisoner walking about the ruins of Eyragues, a village which has been burned, and is uow abandoned. He was making sketches. I accosted him, and inquired his name and business. I gave him dinner and n bed in my own house. He began by saying that he was an Englishman ; but, on my discovering that ho spoke Provenynl, aud had tho air of a native of this country, he con fessed that by birth ho was a Provencal, and lhat ho was travelling under an assumed name under protection of a British passport. I began, therefore, to suspect something, ana accompanied liim to Aix, where I found him making sketches of the walls, and to Toulon, where he began, trusting to his passport, to mako plans of tho quay and harbor and drawings of the ships. 1 gave him no warning, but communicated the facts to a gen darme, who watched aud arrested him. Tho prisoner seemed to him to he a man of great intelligonco, and showed himself most cunons in respect of everything connected with the jondition of the country." He had.notbing more to say, but the connsel for tho defence asked him two or three ques tions. "Are yon," he asked. " the same Lonis Lo- roy on whose evidence the prisoner's father was »hot on d9th December, 1793?" " I am the same man. " " You gave that evidence knowing that it Would cause his death ?" "Certainly." " You were his half-brother, I think." "I, was." "And you purchased his confiscated estates." "I did." " Did-you reveal these facts to tho prisoner?" "I did not." " Aud;you gavo the information which led to Ills arros&iu; the hopo of getting him out of tho ray.",. , "I gave, that information for tho good of the Bepuliljc," The nqjft wituoss was the commit vcyageur, who Ltd travelled with the prisoner in the diligoucojbetweoa Aries and Aix. This person deposed that his suspicious were aroused by ob serving the prisoner, who professed to be an Englishman, conversing with tho country people in their own language, whereas the Ignorance of Englishmen, even in French, a language known and universally spoken by every other civilised nation, was notorious. Ho further stated that, on listening to the conversa tion, lie found that. the. young man was asking tho pcoplo questions concerning their political opinions, their views aa to the Republic, the state of their industrios and tho drain of tho young men by tho recent wars. Finally, ho declared that he had seen tho prisoner from timo to time makiog notes and drawings in a little hook which he carried. Ho identified tho book which was handed to him for tho purpose, and pointed ont, partly with indignation, and partly ns a proof of the truth of his statements, that nmong tho drawings was one representing himself in an attitude grossly insulting. In fact, Eaymond had drawn a picture of this man eating his breakfast like a hog. Tho counsol for tho defence refused to ask any questions of this witness, and desired to confirm his testimony. All that ho had stated was true. The next witness called was the gendarme who had followed and watched Eay mond. He swore that he saw Eaymond sitting on the quay, drawing the ships ; that ho followed him and watched- him whilo ho made a sketch of the Port do Marsoillo ; that he again followed him and found him in tho act of making a plan of tho fortifications. Tho counsel for tho defence asked this wit ness whether the prisoner had mado any attempt at concealment. Witness replied that ho had not. . "Did tie not openly scat himself on the quay and mako tho drawings before tho eyos of all present?" " He did." " Did lie show any embarrassment 'or terror when you arrested him ? " " He did not He laughed." There were no other witnesses except the note' book aud tho sketch book. . Then tha prisoner's counsel roso to make his speech. Ho beirau by relating, from tho prisoner's point of view, tho history of his life. Ho was born in this part of France, and was 14 years of ago when ho was taken from Toulon by the tho British fleet on the capture of that city ; that lie wa3 carried with his moiher and aunt to Portsmouth, whero they wero landed, and that he had lived iu a Bmall village near to that town, and that, finding it necessary to adopt somo profession in order to mako a livelihood, ho had become a teacher of drawing and paint ing, To this ho added the art of fortification and drawing plans, and that his pupils wero chiefly young officers of the army. " Geutlo- men of the jury," ho went on, " consider if you pleaso that this humblo and obscure person was absolutely, unknown to anybody connected with the British Government. He has never spoken to ap official person ; ho is ignorant of politics. But it is not difficult to understand the feeling which survived in his heart, after 10 years of exile, namely, lovo of France, and tho'desire to. see again his uative country. It was to gratify this desire, and with no other object whatever, that he mado this journey. Why, then, did he nssumo the name and pro cure the passport of a British subject ? It was in order to escape questioning about his origin and family. Like all fmigrCs, he was uncertain of tho recep tion ho would meet, as the sou of an aristocrat, and of one sentenced to death and executed for treason towards the Hepublic. But, gentle men, it was not an assumed name ; it was the najvio by which lie was commonly known in England, the Anglicised form of his own name. As for tho questions which ho asked of every body, I confess that I sec nothing in them hut such as would he prompted by the natural anxiety of Que returning to his country after 10 years, aud those 10 years tho most moment ous aud the most glorious iu the whole history of the country. Gentlemen, there is next the note-hook. Head, I beg of yon, with unpreju diced eyes, There is nothing in the notes, I submit which would be of the least advantage for a foreign country to know. Then there rhmnin thr» sfcAtr.hpq. (rAntlempn nf hr» irtrr. examine them for yourselves.. There aro the ruined chateau where the prisoner was born, the houso in Aix which belonged to Ins ances tors ; hero is tho place d'armcs of this town, hero is a skotch of the busy aud crowded quai, with tho ships and harbor; here is a draw ing of the Porte de Marseille, and here is the unfinished drawing- which caused his arrest. Gentlemen, tho gendarme who arrested jhim stales that it was a plan of the fortifications. I submit that it is nothing of the kind. It would lnvo been, whoa finished, a drawing of the villc from the bastion on which ho stood, show ing the town with tho harbor, arsenal and walls. I cau find in thoso drawings nothing that can disprove the prisoner's own state ments. Add to this that there was not found upon liim a 6ingla documeut of a suspicious character, unless tho pencil portrait of a young lady is suspicious ; that the prisoner was but poorly supplied with money ; that all his move ments were open for all to seo ; and that every statement of his whicli could ho proved has been tested aud found true. There is one other point, gentlemen, that I would press upon you. The British held this town for several months. Do you tliiuk it possiblo that thoy should have gone away without taking a plau of tho forti fications with them ? Do you think it likely that tlier should ltavo scut this young man on an errand so useless and so dangerous ? Would anyone be so foolish as to accept such a mis sion." With these words tho counsol sat down. So clear and reasonablo was tho defonco that Eaymond would propably liavo been acquitted but for a most untoward accident. There was heard from the street oulsido a great shouting and roaring of men, and an usher brought a noto to tho president, who read it, and after handing it to his brother judges, gavo it to tho counsel for tho prosecution. Evidently some thing had happened of importance, for he sprang to his feet and began a speech of the most furious kind. " I rise," he said, "to demand justice upon a traitor to the Hepublic, tho son of a' traitor. Was ho ignorant when ho left England that tho King of Groat Britain bad already resolved on war? Was bo ignorant that war wa» to bo declared immediately ? Yes, gcntlomen of tho jury, immediately. . War has been dcclarod; tho news has just reached this town ; tho huzzas of tho crowd which you haro just heard show tho spirit with which wo have recoived tho news! Already the fleets which . aro to humble the pride of our enomies aro preparing in our harbors ; already our bravo soldiers are exulting in the approaching downfall of tho enemy of Freedom and Jiistico. Gentlemen, lot us not bo revengeful, but lot us bo just. Consider tbe circumstances. It is natural that tho enemy should wish to learn everything possible concerning our movemonts ana tho etato of the country. Since then it is natural to oxpect that English spies aro among us in disguiso as inno cent travellers, what sort of person would Pitt select for a spy in this country t First, it is absolutely nccssnrv for liim to kuoiv tho lnu- guago. But in Provence, our common people do not speak French, hut the Lnngucdoc. Proba bly there is not ouo living Briton who knows tho languago. Some there may bo who have road tho Troubadours, and know the tongue spoken in the middle ages, hut for tho common talk of tho peasantry, tho patois, there needs a man who was horn aud brought up among them. Such a man ho found in the prisoner. Ho isjan £migr£ ; his father was shot for troason- ablo correspondence with the British ; tho titlo and tho estates which might havo been his are lost to him ; it is tho Revolution which has ruined him. Thoreforo he hates tho Revolu tion, and regards tho success of our arms with onvy and disgust. He had lived so long in his native country before his exilo that ho can never forget tho languago of its people — in fact, ho was already 14 when ho was taken away by a British ship. On tho other hand, he lias been so long in England that ho can now speak English perfectly, and pas3 himself off as an Englishman. IVhilo iu this country, in ap- pearpneo and in language he can appear, if ho please, as an honest Provcngal. There is again another circumstance in . favor of the selection of this young man. fie is an artist, that is to say, he can draw, paint aud plan— especially plan. In Englaud his residence, when not employed in service of this kind, is Portsmouth, which is to great Britain what Toulon is to France. There he enjoys tho society of tho British officers to whom lie teaches tho art of making plans and drawings — of what ? — of fortifications. So that wo have iu this young man all that com bines to form the perfect spy. Given tho con ditions of his birth and his education and wo might predict beforehand what would ho his work. Pon, like all tmigris, filled with hatred to tho Eevolution, eager for revenge on account of his lost wealth and rank, an Englishman one day, a Provencal tho next, intelligent, well educated, a draftsman, and — perhaps — it is in tho blood of Provence — bravo. Behold tho spy of Pitt I Behold tho tool of the British Go vernment I Yet a willing instrument, and therefore one which must be rendered useless for any future work, as uu example and a dis couragement. " All this time," Eaymond tolls me, " whilo tho advocate thundered, and oven I mysol. be gan to feci that after all I must be a secret messenger of tho British Government, I was filled with that strango feeling that tho issue of tho trial concerned some other man. Until tho moment wlion I wrote tho letter to you which I thought would bo my last, I was callous to an extent which I cannot now under stand. For certainly uo man ever had an escapo such as mine." The jury without hesitation gave their ver dict. The prisoner was guilty. Then tho president sentenced llaymoud to death, and ho was taken away. Outsido the court there was such a crowd as had never been seen before, yelling "Death to tho English spy," and demanding that ho should bo given up to tbem. Amid a storm of execrations ho was taken back to his cell in safety. "Even then," raid- Raymond, "in tho midst of the savage faces and with the certain pros pect of death, I was insensible. It was as if I was playing a part, oud that the principal part of a play." What it was that supported him through (his timo of trouble I know not, but, remembering Raymond's dream at tho chateau, and the strange events which followed, and his mother's constant companionship with lier dead husband, aud the assurance which sho recoived aa to her son's safety, I have formed a judgment which nothing can shake. At last the orisoner was snfclv Indeed in his cell, tho key turned and the "mob dispersed, hungering for the moment when he should be ' rought forth to be beheaded in their sight. Ciurixu XIII. — At Home. It was in the second week of Juue when Ray mond, as we judged, had been already dead for three weeks, that wo recoived his last letter. Indeed, I cannot hear to think, even now, or to speak of that terrible time, in which nothing could bring cousoiation, not even weeping, Raymond was dead. Then was the sun tukeu from tho heavens, and the warmth from the air, and tho joy from my life. There were others who mourned for Raymond as well as myself, but wo women who lose our lovers are selfish, and we think not of auy others. It is good for thoso who mourn and refuse to be comforted that they should ho forced by necessity into thinking of other things It was about the end of October that I was com pelled to turn away my thoughts from my own sorrows. I have said that, with tho arrival of peace and the paying off of tho ships, tho profits of our boat greatly diminished. This decrease grew worse as ship after Bhip was paid off, aud none wero put into commission except to relievo tho regular West ludia and Mediterranean Fleets. Many days during tho summer of that year tho boat returned with half her cargo unsold. If this was tho case in tho summer, when we looked to make our chief harvest, what was to bo expected from tho iviuter ? Day after day passed aud not enough business dono to pay oven the wages of Sally and her father. I regarded this circumstance without the lonef ennnnm Won if- F . vasv ovuokiiit iiuo ll> lin.njr tuv uuujjiuvf u1 u substantial merchant should be rendered anxious by so small a matter ? Bosidos, this was tho most delightful season in my Wo, boing in the first six months of my engagement, and naturally I thought all day long of Baymond. In winter wo iravo little to. sell oxcept pota toes, oniops and cabbages. This winter it ap peared that no ono wanted to buy our things at all, because, there wore so many who sold aud so fow to buy. Thus it is with a seaport town. A long war , gives rise to many new trades. Where there was ono shop there aro soon, after a few brisk years, 10; where there was one market garden there aro 10. . Then Baymond went away. Was it likely I should concern myself about tho boat when I had to prepare for bis departure & Whose hands but mino prepared his linen arid packed his trunk? ' ' In tbe spring a great misfortune fell upon, us — I mean, a misfortune apart from tho dread ful letter of Raymond's, .War was declared, and we thought to recover our losses, tho dock yards being busy day and night, the harbor full of vessels iu commission, and Spithcad and tho Soleut crowded with ships waiting for convoy. The promise of April was beautiful ; nover wore trees thicker with blossom. Then thoro came a hard frost ono night which did dread- ful damage, and after this a cold east wind which destroved whatever escaped tho .frost. After the east wind the weather grew suddenly hot, nnd then cnriio swarms of caterpillars, tho like of which 1-havc never seen before or siuce. Tlicv stripped tho. cnrr.int. gooseberry nnd raspberry bushes of leaf and fruit they left not. a single strawberry ; tlicy ate up our asparagus, our young peas, our beans pnd our lettuces. Thoy left ns nothing. It was like tho plague of locusts which fell upon the land of Egypt and nto up every licrb of the laud and all the fruit of tho trees. And now there was no use for tho boat to go down the harbor, hecauso there was nothing to put into her. Very soon, naturally, tho day camo when I had no more money to pay even tho wages, and none for tho housekeeping. Koto that, like all tho world, iu tho prosperous times wo had kept a good tablo, and my father had taken his punch nightly, as if tho fat times were going to last. I declare that I had no suspicion at all of tho truth. My poor father had' always spoke of himself as a substantial merchant. It was thus that he qualified himself. Everybody re garded him as a merchant who had retired with what is considered a substantial fortune. To bo sore, I had never seen any evidence of that fortuno, but there was no need to draw uponit, seeing that tho garden provided amply tor the needs of the house, and, besides, is a daughter to suspect her father of exaggeration ? How ever, there, was uow nothing to ho done but to inform my father of tho circumstance — namely, that we had nothing hardly to sell, and no money for wages, for a garden must bo kept. If laborers aro not continually employed upon it, how is anything to bo mado out of it ? in o tiling cvor surprised mo more man tr.c effect of my communication, for my father first turned palo and thou red. He then rose and softly shut the door. " My child," he said, and then his voico stuck. " My child," ho began again, and a second timo he was fain to stop aud gasp, ' Molly," this timo ho made an effort and suc ceeded. " I feared that this was coming, but 1 wonld not Worry you What are we to do ? What in tho wido world shall wo do ?" '"Why sir?" I said, "If you will find the money to tido us over this had season, I doubt not we shall do very well seeing that tho war has begun agam and times are brisk." " Find the money child ? I find tho monoy ? Molly," he whispered. " Listen child. I have no money. Yes, you all think mc a man of substance. But I am not, Molly, your father is a man of straw — a man of straw child. Ho is worth nothing." Ho roso from his chair and walked about the room beating his bauds toge ther. " I have no money, Molly." "But I thought — " " Yes — yes — I know. Why did I retire from the city, tho only place whore a man can find true happiness ? Why did I como to this miserable village ? Child, becauso I had no choice. Because I was a bankrupt aud my credi tors, after thoy had taken all I had suffered mo to withdraw unmolested. So I came here and — Molly — Its hard for a man who has been alderman and warden of his company and livod respected to go among other men and own that he was bankrupt — Bankrupt." "Oh, Sir," 1 cried, "forgive mo for igno- rautly opening up tho past. . I could riot know." "Say no more, Molly, say no more. Let us consider. There is u littlo pnrse ; let us hope it iriay bo enough. Perhaps our friends may not learn the truth. If this will servo till next year." He opened his desk and took out a purse containing 50 sovereigns, "If this will servo Molly.- It is not my money, but your own, saved by mo. You nowunderstandhowlwasdracfred nntof my troublo by necessity. Wo had <1'50 for all our stock ; we had to mako it servo for six months aud more, supposing (hat wo did no trndo for that timo. But tho potatoes and the cauliflowers did well, nnd iu tho end wo pullod through, though with desporato shifts at home, so that no one suspected of the alderman that ho was not as ho always pretended, a substan tial merchant.. I then, discovered having my eyes opened again, as I said, by necessity, that the two ladies at the cottago wero threatened with straits as dreadful as our own, or more bccauso with a great garden and no rent to pay it goes hard if one cannot live, but these two ladies had nothing at all except the mere hollow trunk of thin gold from which tho jowcls of tho roso lmd now been takoa. Aud now thoy must sell even that. "My dear," said Madam, "since it hath pleased Heaven to call away our boy, for whom we broko up this holy relic, tho possession of which wo wero taught to believe secured the continuation of our house; I seo no reason why the gold should not fo low the jewels oud all ho sold. When we liavo spent that money there will bo nothing. But wo aro in bauds which nover fail." "Oh, Madam I" I cried, "Yon and tho Countess shall come and livo with us. Wo will nil liro together and talk about Raymond every day." They did como to livo with us, but, as you shall see, under happier conditions than wo looked for. Tho Vicar took- awnjr tho rose nnd brought them money for it. Never was any man more takou with a work of art than tho Vicar with tho ro30. He loved to look uponit ; ho would make it tho text for a discourso upon the Popes vi iiTlguuU| upvu IUU vbuj llUUlalHUU) ok X to veuco, upon tho arts of tho Middlo Ages and upon a thousand things. Yot whou he took it rtway, wrapped in flannol, ho 6liowod no sign of grief, but rather of satisfaction— a thing difficult to understand. When it was gono one folt as if tho blessing' of tho Popo had 'departed tram tho place strange that wo, who are Protestants and should not valuo tho Pope's blossing a farthing, should boliove iu a. superstition which associated the extinction of. the house with the loss of tho Roso. Eaymond was dead and tho Holy Rose was pone. That could not bo denied. And Eaymoud was the last of tho Arnaults. There are many strango and surprising things iu this story, It is wonderful to re member how, in the wiBdora of Providcnco, tho son of the man Leroy, ignorant of his father's crime, slieuld have been brought to tho village whero his father's victims lived ; it is wopderful to think that his life was saved by nono other than tho sister of tho man whom his father bad murdered i that bo should bocomo a friend of that man's son; and that he should discover the truth in so sudden and unexpected a manner on tho very evo' of bis doparturo. Remember noxt how Pierre prayed that we wonld not tell Eaymoud j and how, through that vory igno rance, Raymond was brought mystoriomly to tho house of his father's murderer 1 — ' his hospitality ; how ho Z<£ 'on Tf apparent security to encounter .the most l!? ful risk; and how the < m. denouueed the father also boro fiiCviln1'' against tlio soil who, that considers V J V the Providential guidance of these firing 1 For my; own part, I remember also tl,. dream wh.ch Eaymoud had in the To ,r the chateau, and I gee „ii (h „ ,.-.r 1,1 together, and i lAosc which followed 1' ?. geance of God. en The world is, howvnr> tn„ of t scoff at such raterpffiatioia and fcolishlv bonst that thoy bchovo no' more fliau tlicV can see. Woll, for my own part, I bcliev'o not only in what I see but also in the thine, which even a woman's mind may gather and conclude from tho things sec/ couS things unseen. — "umg For instance; was it; for nothing that all this timo tho poor mad woman talked and laughed, always happy, alwavs with smiles and songs, with her dead husband? Sho knew in a dim and uncertain way that Raymond was gono away. She even Snow that he was gono to Aix, to Eyragues, and to Toulon. ' Sho talked about him at theso places, won dering what hewas doing and so forth From her husband's replies sho learned that all was well with her son — which wo knew nlasl— was not true— hut one may surely deceive a mother on this point— and that he would return homo safo and well. How could ho return homo who was lying dead somowhoro among tho graves of the criminals ? Welt I am now going to tell you exactly wlmt did come to pass and showed what littlo faith wo possessed who knew that tho dead Count n always with his wifo day and night, yet could not ho brought to belicvo his most solemn aud repeated assurances. cnarter. XIV.— Tun Release. Raymond sat in his cell, saved from ths yelling mob which wanted to havo him de livered into their hands. Why, he thought, had tho guards been overpowered ? It would havo been all .over, and quickly. Now. these execrations and thoso furious yells would have to ho faced again. It was G o'clock when thoy brought liim back. The governor of tho prison "followed him into his cell. "I havo to inform you," lie said coldly, "that your sentence is. to be carried into effect without delay , you will bo executed to-morrow morning, at day break. " Expect no commuta tion of tho sentence. " Raymond bowed. "If there is any request you have to make, yon can do so now." "I should liko to Bond a letter of farewell . . . to a certain English girl .whom I was to have married." " You cau write tho letter. Confine your self solely to the facts and to a 'brief farewell It will bo read, and if it coiitains nothing treasonable, it will bo forwarded. Tavo you any other request to mako. " , " I should liko," said Raymond, " if this re quest can be granted, my skotch of the Chateau d'Eyragues to he enclosed in the letter." "Ii it is not a drawing of a place of arms and conveys no information, it shall bo enclosed iu your letter." " I thank you, M. lo Directeur. There is no other request that I have to make." " Wift you sco a priest? No? It is some times the caso that a condemned criminal liko, to mako a confession or statement. You shall havo a.caudlo to enable you to do so if you wish." "I havo nothing, more to add," said Bay- mond. " to the statement I mads in cnurl." "The Governor left him, and they pro- sontly sont the writing materials, tho turnkey standing over Raymond whilo he wrote ths letter, which you have already 6een. Tho letter must havo been despatched that vory evening ; otherwise, as you will discover im mediately, it would not havo beon sont at all. His dinner, or supper, was brought him at soven o'clock. It was a sumptuous meal for a prison, consisting of soup, a roast chicken, and a bottle of good wine. But it was to be hie last, and people are naturally kind to a man who is about to dio. His last 1 Astonishing to relate, ho devoured it with great appetito and heartiness, as if it was to bo succeeded by thousands, When h« had finished it he endeavored to compose his mind to tho meditation and prayer in which ho intended to pass the night. "Either," he says now," I am naturally iu> scnsiblo to religion which I am loth to belion — indeed, I am sure I am not so cold a wretch — or I was sustained by somo inward assur ance, because, though my end was so imminent ihat every minute seemed to bring mo nearer to tho axe. I could not eo clearly faco the situation as to question my couscicnco and con fess my sins boforo heaven, but continually my thoughts turned towards yon, my dear, and this quiet villago. Nay, though I kuow that my dinner would bo the last 1 should over take, I devoured it with appetite, and ouly wished thoro lmd been twice as mucb. In vain I said to myself that in twelve hoars I should boiu tho prcsonco of my Judgo, and my body would bo lying a senseless, headless log, my thoughts were turned earthwards and wholly directed to thco, my swcothcart." I do not blame him in this, nor do I think woll assured that; as ho was sustained iu tho trial, and as bo heard tho execrations of ths pcopl« without alarm, so ho was miraculously kept from tho despair which would othcrwiss havo laid upon bis soul. Surely a more sorry timo can nover bo in man's life than tbe last night of it, espcciallyif ho knou's that bo is to dio tho next day, and if he be in in such a condition of montal strength as to understand it. Thoro aro so many wretched criminals hanged every year that wa think nothing of the anguish, the terror, the romorso of their last night npon the oortb. 01 some I know it is reported that they drink awsjr their terrors and go to tho fatal tree stupid with liqpor | and of others that they sloop through the whole night apparently careless of their coming end. . ' It was abont 10 o'clock that Baymond was interrupted by footsteps outside bis door and tb» turning of the key in tho.loek. He started to bis feoi Was he— tho thought, made his heart stand still — to bo taken out is tbe night and thrown to tho mob ? ' I thank you, M. lo Directeur" — Raymond started, bccauso he thought he knew the votaa — " and I will not trouble you to wait.- ly. orders aro to put certain questions to the pn- souer alone. Leave ona.ol your men outride ii n- pill nnd he can conduct rac to the door, 1' cd iiighti SI. loDirecleur." The door was tlirowu open, and an officer en- racil wcarmgw military cloak thrown over his a alders,- »ntl covering half his face, lie shut. ii p door carefully and put the lamp lie had i ten fro"1 kd turnkey upon the table and threw hack the dwfc- - , Y. ujleavens! It is Pierre.. : i 'Ilush 1" It was nono other than Pierre. Gavotte; but no' longer in rags— Pierre. Ga:; rottob ' lieutenant of the 49th, in uniform. ,, Hush 1 there is no time to spare. 7 ; ' ii My Wend, you are come to say farewell. 1 did not expect to sec a friendly face again he- fore I died.1 ii I como with an order from tho Grand Com mandant to put certain questions to the Eng lish spy. Well, here I am — " Ho threw out his arms and laughed as if lio had kept an ap pointment to an evening's amusement, n Aud your questions ?'' | My first question is — " ho liesifated, " Ravmond, do you know, havo they told you, ulinlanl?" "Why, younro my old friend and enemy, Pierre GaTotte. Who else should yon he ?" The namo had escaped him at the trial, in the discovery that Leroy and tho witness wcro the sniiio. Raymond paid uo attention to tho assumed name. This was a happy accident, if anything can bo cnlled an . accident in the courso of this history so manifestly providen- '' lie held out his hand. Pierre hositated a moment, then ho took it. '.'Yes," he said,.. ' Yes, wo can shake hands now." 1 'It has been impossible," he explained,, "for mo to havo access to you until. now. I discovered, a week ago, the name of the so- called English spy, and I knew that it must be no other than you. Oh, my friend, you a spy ! I havo been considering and devising. Now I havo completed my plan ?" 'Your plan?" "Certainly, my plan. Why not? .What; is the good o'f having friends if they do nothing tor you. You are to escape, Raymond." . . " Escape ? Why, Pierre, who is to take me through tho stone walls ? There is no tiino either. I am to die at daybreak." - \- isvcryiuiug is uiTuuguu ii you will uo exactly what 1 order. Will you promise that ?. I give you freedom Raymond if you will act by. my orders. It is for Molly's sako" he added. I promise." "Then cbango all your clothes with mo. Quick.. Timo presses. " Change with you ? Why, what will you ilo ? Pierre, I understand you now, You think that we aro so much alike that I have only to walk out in yonr uniform and I shall pass for you?" " That is, my friend, exactly my plan. That is, you have guessed a part of it. But as you would infallibly be found out if you went on parade, that is not all my plan." 1 And what about yoursolf ?" Pierre laughed. " I had to make two plans j one for you and ouo for me. . What do I do when yon are gone ? My man outside, whom' I havo bribed, returns for mo aud lets me out by the Governor's private entrance when he is asleep. I go homo to my barracks, quickly. No ono will ever suspect me, nnd presently I get a lottcr from you telling mc that you have arrived in safety." "Aro you quite sure, Pierro, that you are safo ?" " My dear friend," ho replied earnestly, "I imi as euro of my future as I am of your escape, if you will do- oxactly as I order you. There cau uo uu uuuub wuiuuvur vi my iuiure— — Again bo laughed, and looked so careless and light hearted that one could not choose but be lieve him." "A Field Marshal's baton — or — " "That, or tho other fate common to soldiers," faidPierro " Quick, now undress and change. Think of Molly, not of my fnturo." "Yon aro now complete," he said, five minutes afterwards. "Upon my word, Itay moud, yon mnko a protty liontonant. But stand upright, swing yonr shoulders — you civilians never understand a military walk ; clank your heels, rattlo your sword, look at tho turnkeys at tho gate as an oflicor looks at his men — without tear and with authority — but keep your faco in shade. When you leavo tho coll follow the turnkoy without a word. Do you understand so far ? " Yos, so far?" " Very well. Outside tho prison is n sentry who will call for tho word. It is ' Espion Anglais.' Turn to tho right and walk straight loug tho street until you como to a little wine shop with tho sign of tho Bleating Lamb. Enter this shop, and without saying a word, walk through it and up tho stairs to the room hovo. Do you understand all this ?" " Perfectly, Shall I wait thero for you ?" "No, You will thero find a young lady, ion will obey her. Now, my friend, farewell." " We shall incot again." cruapa. j. ao not Know, it, say ratner when you get home in safety, give this note to Molly, and' — lie pulled off tho gold lace that hung from his sword handlo — " Give her this as well. Toll her it is the badge of my honor that I give her. Sho will explain what that means, how, farewell, Raymond." "Farewell, Pierro." They clasped hands (w the Inst time, nnd lookod each into tho others face. At tho last moment a doubt Mossed Raymond's mind. "You are quite lure, perfectly sure, Pierre, that you aro in no aangor whatovor ?" "Perfectly sure," he replied. "I know perfectly well where I shall bo to- morrow tuoruing. There is a thing concerning myaolf tost Molly knows and Madam Claire. When fou get homo ask them to toll you. I shall . hot mind yon knowing it then. Forgivo me, menu ; it is the only secret that I have kept jtom you, and cvon this I only discovered the bp boforo I came away from Porchcster. Go hissed him, French fashion, once 'neither cheek. It all - happened exactly as Pierre had ar- jnged. The turnkeys glanced a momont at Ut officer, and let him ont.- Tho 6entry de- jowdea tho word, and/suffered; him to pass; jvLv , ?k.P "ilk the. sign of tho Bleating ii, , 'is doors open ; llaymond walked wrongh and up tho stairs. All this as Piorre «M arranged. S, monsieur." This was tho young lady to meet Raymond.' " I have expected Pi.J?rAW0 hours. Dieu, you aro exactly like j 'T® Gavotte. Aire you. -brothero, by, accl- „ „ Strange accidents happen off the stage V 00 .lb. Well, I promised that I »..ii . no quostione, but you must' do S»etlv what I order you. Very well; then know ..who you are. because I was ii-i i ? to-dav. nnd saw (ho trial. Wlial. Ion aro uo more u spy than I am, and you would havo boon acquitted but for the news of the war, which turned their bends. Yon played with great dignity the part of- hero m the last act but one. Believe me, .a'J> only the genllcnieu who prcservo their dignity at such moments. I understand good p Laying xou looked as if you wcro so strong: in your, innocence that you could not show any anxiety or irritation . oven when the procureur .was i thundering for .justice." '. She rattled on ; without pauso or stop, being a pretty little black eyed girl, well formed; but slender, "Undcr- staud - then , .Monsieur, that I hrii nn' actress. Wo trust our. lives to each oilier— I to you, becauso this is a. job which the first coiisul would regard with severe displeasure. But you are innocent, first bccauso you look so, next because ypu say so, and lastly bccauso Pierre Gavotte— who. is' the soul, of honour — says so. Therefore I am pleased to protect -innocence. .Ou tho stage I am frequently innocent myself, and therefore. I know wliat it is toiwant protec- tlOOa anil cilinw Ti« iUn ma«jI ; " . » wwvji AU Ilia RUAli room yow will find the dress of a; laquais, ' Go and put. iton. First, however she took a pair of scissors and cut off his hair, which was tied behind, and cropped the rest so as to hang over his Mrs, as- is the way wiih the common folk,, 11 There ; now change your dress. You aro a Proyctal, you speak French badly. With- me you talk iu your own language : you arc a littlo lamo ; let me seo your walk ; lio, this is the way that lame men walk. You are also u little deaf, and you put up your hand to your ears like this ; turn your head a little and open your mouth, and say <;Hcin." So. Yon are , an apt pupil ' Remember to be respectful to. your mistress, who will some times scold you.; above all, study- the manners of servants. ,Wc aro to start to-mor row for Marseilles ; you will, perhaps,, he able to pass over to Spain, hut you must not run risks. . After Marseilles, I am going north to .Burgundy, where- wo shall, bo near the frontier and you may got.across-in safety, I uudersiaad- everything." . .. . '". As forjyoarpapere, I have 'them. They will bo found perfectly regular. All this I do for you, Monsieur, at the request of the Lieutenant vrmiiue, who is, ic seems, your iriena. l nope that no suspicion will fall upon liim." 1 " He declares that he i3 iu no daugcr what ever," said Raymond. . " He is not my lover. All other men mako love to mo if they can, hut Pierro does better. Ho has protected me from thoso who doiight to insult an nctrcss. If wo were found out Monsieur,, my servant, who is laino and deaf, wo should all three have an opportunity of looking into tho basket which Madame la : Guillotine keepsfor herfriends." 'I assure you, Mademoiselle, that when I left Piorre ho was laughing at the danger." "That is bad," she said,. " Men must not laugh when they go into danger. -That brings bad luck." The occupant of tho condemned cell re mained undisturbed, nor did tho turnkey come to let hiih out by tho governor's private en trance. He was left there nil night long. ' Ho might, if he wore awako nnd listening, havo heard tho hammering as the mon put' up the tall and slender guillotine in the Place d'Armos, Very early in tho morning, long beforo day break, he was ronsed by two of the gaolers.; They brought caudles, and informed hini that iu two hours ho would be executed, tho time being fixed early to avoid a conflict with the crowd, who would certainly attempt to tenr him in pieces. They asked liim if ho wanted 'anything! Ho might havo coffee if ho chose, or brandy, or tobacco. H he wished to writo, they would bring materials. The prisoner wanted nothing except a cup of coffee, which they brought him. Shortly boforo 5 o'clock they came again and led him to the room where criminals nro prepared for the scaf fold, their hands tied behind them and their hair cut. Then a very unexpected thing happened. Tho prisouor remarked when they began to tie his hands, " Monsieur lo Directeur, it is useless. The execution will not tako place this morning." Tho governor made no reply, aud they went on. "Tho execution, I repeat, M. lo Diroctcur, cannot tako place. " "Why not?" " Because the prisoner hns escaped." "Escaped? The prisoner lias escaped ? Then who aro you ?" " Tho prisoner has escaped, I repeat. He is now, if ho is prudent, concealed so securely that yon will not bo able to find him, though you search every hoase in France. As for mo, yon would observe if the light were stronger, that 1 am not the prisoner, though I nm said to resemble him. I am, on the other hand, an officer of tho 49th rcguncut ot tho lane, l am tho Lieutenant Gavotte of that regiment." " Is it possible ?" cried tho govornor. " An officer ? What does this moan ?" " If you doubt my word, lead mo to tho guil lotine. To dio by tho axe now or to bo shot after a day or two makes very little difference. But if you do6iro to provo the truth of my words call in an -- men of that regiment and ask them who I am. " " But you brought me a letter from tho com mandant, signed and stnmped." . "It was a forgery. I forged tho signa- ture." " But bow did tho prisoner escape ? "He went out of the prison dressed in my hat and cloak. I giro him, besides, the pass word." ..... ., » Where Is ho now, then?" asked tho go vernor stupidly. " Why, if he is a wise man ho will certainly keep that a secret" " H tho thing be as yon say " said the go vernor, " you, yourself, Monsieur, have com mitted a most serious crime. What? You an officer in the army, to releaso au English SP " That Is true. I havo committed a vory serious crime, indeed. It is so serious that I might just as well havo suffered tho exocution to go on. Meanwhile, I must ask you to take me back to tho coll and to acquaint my colonel Immediately with what has happened. ' There was a groat crowd upon the Place d'Armos whore the guillotine was now standing on a scaffold' ready to embrace her victim. A military guard was Btatloned round the scaffold to keep off the crowd.- Early as itwas.tho square' was -crowded with the people, eh'efly soldiers and sailors, who were In great spirits at the -prospect of owing tho head taken off an English spy, nn agent of perfidious Albion. They Bang songs and played rough jokes upon each other. Among them were the country people who had brought in their fruit and vege tables for tlio market, and a few servants, who Were out thus early to seo tho execution as Well as to.do the day's marketing. As for the better sort they were all in bed ; a mob, even though tlio guillotiue had had so little work to do of latOj'had'no attractions for them. The .criminal was late. Tho timo crept along. Decidedly hev, ms very Into. Had ho confessed hi? guilt, nud; revealed tho Whole of tho English plots? Would _it.not.be well to storm tho prison, as tho, Bastillo had booh stormed, and ' to seize tlio spy. Whether ho' had con fessed or- not ?' Presently, men came! and began to lake down the scaffold, and it was understood that there would be no executiou that day, bccauso tho prisoner had escaped. 'Tho town was searched, house by house, room by room, At tho gates no ono in the least, corresponding to. him had passed. ..The prisonorraust bo somewhere in the town. Good ; when found,, he should.be torn to pieces by tho people. Bnt he was hot.found. 'Three days afterwards, however, there was a most exciting spectaclo in tho Placo; d'Arines— a sight such a3 had! not been witnessed since December, 1793— a military execution.. Everbody now knew that Lieutenant Gavotte of .the, 49th Regiment diad effected tho escape of the English Spy., , It was- whispered by those who kuenr everything that a great plot had been discovered, in which many of the French officers themselves j were , implicated. „ None exr cept; the -Colonel .. knew wily, he haii dono this. In his. -trial, he simply, said .that .tho so called English, spy was an innocent man, whose story was " true, that ho had been kind to himself when a prisoner iri England, and that, therefore, he had as- sisted' him to escape.- ; lie was, accordingly sentenced to boshot. 'His colonel went to see hiin. I know not what passod between >thcm, but- ou his'return the. colonel was greatly agitated, and- openly declared that no braver officer ever existed than Lieutenant Gavntle. anil no bnllfir man. ;Tliey brought him out to die, between 6 and " jintho morning. First they tore away his opaulettes, then his cuffs, anil thqu his facings ; ho Was no longer an oflicor ; ho was no longer a soldier., But his faco showed no sense of fear or shame. - -. > , , \- i Among tho spectators was a mau who, to seo tlio 'show, had been sitting under tlio trees all night long. - Ho was a restless man who moved and fidgeted continually, and bit his fingers ; his eyes were red ; he spoko to no one. ' IVhcn they led out the young man, he nodded his head. ''.'Good," lie said. First tho flood; then tho fire ; the property, is first destroyed and then tho son." .When thoyset Pierro in-.his place, this man nodded his head again. : ." Good," he said. " On that spot died the Count."' -. ! . :They offered to tie-a handkerchief round the- prisoner's eyes, bnt he refused,, and stood with loldcdnrras,-., Good," said the spectator again, "thuslho Count refused to bo bound.-" l " -Then, at the word, they;; fired; and Piorre Gnvotto foll'dead. " " Thus'Toll tho Count;'', said .' the , - spectator. He walked slowly from his place, and stood be side tho dead body. ; - - i t . ' !" This is mine." ho said; " I ara his father." \- CiurTEn XV.— Coxciusiox. ' " ' There is ono more chapter to write and my story, which I em never tired of telling, will bo -finished. - Iu the yeare to como it will be told by ray children and by my children's children- nay, among my descendants sure I am that my stbiy will never-be forgotten, so wonderful it is; and strange. Raymond was dead; he. had been guillotined ; his letter told us this ; only the poor mail woman assured us— speaking for tho spirit of her husband — that he was safe, and, this we would not helicvo. ' ' ; Raymond was not dead ; you have heard -by what a miracle ho was saved ; hear now, how ho como homo to us. . It was on Christmas Evo. First thero was. a great surprise for iis, unexpected and astonishing. But not tho greatest surprise of all. A sad Christmas Eve. The time was be tween 6 aud 7. I was sitting beside Madam Claire ou a stool before the fire. 'There was no caudle, because theso poor ladies could only afford candlos when Madam Claire was work ing. And to- night she was doing nothing. To Frenchwomen the feast of Christmas is not so groat an occasion for festivities as that of tho Now Year, v.-h-n they exchange presents and mako merry. But Madam Clairo had lived ton years with us and understood our Christmas A Inn I ilinm lean IiHIa 1AV fftl HQ tflic CjUlvlIlgi iivnv jvj year, wc thought, and thero would be little in tho years to come. As wo sat thero, in silence, my head, in Madam's lap, tho waits camo to sing before our door, tho lusty cobbler leading. Thoy sang When Shophords Watched thoir Flocks by Night, and Let Nothing you Dismay, with fiddlo and harp to accompany. I believe tho cobbler sang his loudest and lustiost, out of pure sympathy, becauso ho know wo were iu trouble. ' . " Last Christmas, I began, hut could say no more. " Patienco, child, pationco, . said Madam. " Tho Lord knows what is best, even for two hurablo women. . Though Raymond will novor come to us wo shall go to him,". "My friend," it was tho poor mad lady talk ing to her dead husband, "it is time for Raymond to como homo. I thought I heard bis footstep. Wo have missed our hoy." Bho looked about tho room as if expecting to seo him sitting among us. " Clairo, my sister, when Raymond comos wo will mako a feast for him. There shall bo a dance and a snppor for tho villagers. Baymond will como home to-day. My husband, thou art always ready to mako us happy. To-day, Claire, to day." Sho laughed with a gontlo satisfaction. " Wo can not keep tho boy always at homo, can we ? That is impossible. But ho has not forgotten bis mother. Ho Is coming homo to-day— to- Oue should have been accustomed to such words as these, bnt thoy' wont, to our boarts, so great was the mockery between oar grief and tho poor creature's happiness. Then there camo a single footstep along the road. I knew it for tho view's, audit 6touped at tho cottage door. ' ' Ho caine iu bearing in his Rrms something: most carefully swathed nnd wrapped. - " Ladies, " ho bowed to nil of us together, " at this time of the year it is the custom in England, as you doubtless know,' to exchango with cuch other thoso good 'wishes of Christian folk, ono to tho other, which aro based upon the event which the church will to-morrow, commemorate. I wish for .this household -a merry " . . ... , "Nay, Sir," I 'said ; "can we have- merry hearts this Christmas or any Christmas ?" ; " A mc'rry Cbristmas,".he said stoutly. and a happy New Year. Ay, the morriest Christ mas and tho happiest New Year, th.it heiiven can bestow " , Was his Reverence in his right mind? t i "It is also,", ho went on, " tho goodly cus tom among us to make presents, , ono to the. other, at this season, in token of our mutnol affection, and in gratitude to' tho Giver of all, jjood things. Therefore, Madam, I have ven tured to bring With mo my' offering. It is this.-" . ... ,/ . .. . i . lo placed the .parcel upon the, table, ,nnd began to unroll tlic coverings. . .. , "What?" he looked at mo. with, a kindof fierceness qui to iinhsual in his .character. What? You think. that I could look" on un moved at the nffiiction3 of. this innocent family?" — I declare that I never thought anything of tho kind,— " You think that I could suffer them to break up and dostroy, for the want of a few miserable guineas, so priceless a'relic. as the golden Hose given to this family 500 years ago? Never. Learn, madam," ho bowed again to Madam Claire, "that I have been tho holder, not tho buyer or tho sellor, of tho jewels bolonging to this precious monu- mcut ol ancient (though mistaken and corrupt) religion. I have now replaced every stone in. its proper sotting — yon will not find ono miss- irig — aud I give yon back, complete as when it was first sent from Avignon, your Holv Rose." He threw off tho coverings and . behold it; tho gems sparkling and the gold branches glow ing in tho firelight, every jewel replacod - and tho Rase as complete as ever, and most hcauh- ful it lookcd with its flowers all .of precious stbnos. ; ! " Pardon .;mc,".- lie- said,. " the deception which I havo practised. : I was detennined. to save the Roso and without my little'falsohoods (which , may Hoavon forgive) you' would not have taken tho money." - , Said the mad lady -" wo must bring out the: Holy Roso becauso Raymond comes home to day. . I . v ' " Sir,", cried Madam Clairo. '"Oh, Sir, -this is too much;" — she hurst out sobbing ami weeping aud fell upon her.- knees at tho table throwing her arms ronnd the Rose. I never1 knew before, how much she loved it. "It is one thing, to restore to yon tho Roso," said tho Vicar. "It is another to give you back the-Doad, Heaven alone can do that. :Yct there was a legend; a tradition, a snperstitions belief concerning this Rose, was there not? Tho honsc should never want heirs so long as tho Rose re- m'ained in its possession. .-Why,, it has nover Iqft .your hands except to he, as one may say, repaired." j" Alas 1" said Madam, "Tho tradition has proved false.; It was, I fear, a human aud nn earthly tradition, not warranted by tho blessing of the Pope,' which must have been intended for- none other than tho lady to whom ho made the gift.". 1 " Perhaps, yet, sometimes. Nay, I know not.'.' -Here he hesitated and looked from madam. to me and from me to madam as ono who has. something to communicate but doubts .'how -to aay. itor what ho should say. 'What could lio havo to say.? _. u, ; - . " Poor Molly"," he said at length, laying his, hand-upon my head. .. Poor child I Thou has had a grievous time of trial. . Hast thou faith, enough to beliove thai there may still , ho hap piness in store for thde ?".,'. i I shook rov head. .There was, no more hap! pines' possible for me. " : : " Strange," ho said, still with that . hesita-- tion. "It was oh old legend. It seems a fooliBh legend. How can the blessing of a mere man hare such merit ? We may not believe it; Yet, somotimos wo are deceived, and idlo words prove true. It liath happened that things which seemed impossible havo happened. Wherefore, Molly, let us hope.— Let us hopo. But' why connect sach things as may happen with tho Pope ?" I think wo ought to havo guessed some thing at these words. Bnt Raymond was dead. ' We cannot expect tho dead to be raised to life. And, besides. I was thinking of Madam, who was weeping and praying and praising God upon her knees, being carried quito ont of herself as I had never seen her boforo except when sho spoko like a prophetess to Piorre. " Molly," said tho Vicar, " The ways of pro vidence are wonderful ; we cannot try to fathom laoiu. At euiruw ituis upuu U9 nu uiiol icuru to be resigned ; it joy comes wo mast bo grate ful. My dear, how shall I tell thco what has happened?" ."Isit some new misfortune?" I asked. " Has ray father — " Nay : it is no misfortuuo. And yet thon must summon up all thy courage to hear tho uew3 which came to me this afternoon. Listen, thon ; and it I do not tell thoo all at once, it is becauso I fear for thy reason. 'Thv father, child, knows tho news, nnd he is al ready — but I anticipate. Sally knows, and she comos with him iu a few minutos. Iter father knows, bccauso he brought him in the boat. But I am going too quickly." . "'Who has como in the boat ? My father?" "No, Molly, no; not thy father. I fear, child, that I havo broken the news too ab ruptly. Lot rao begin again. If resigna tion is tho dnty ot tho sorrowful, a grate ful heart, which is also tlio dutv of tho joyfnl, must be shown in a spirit that is tranqnil nnd - self contained. Be tranqnil and self-contained. And now, my dear, I have this day received a letter — this afternoon only — followed by the boat from tho haibor with — with — tho potatbos and onions — and — and — tho woman whom -they call Porchestor Sal. Was the- Vicar going off his head ? What could ho mean ? ' - He was not, however, permitted to prepare my mind any more, for at that moment a man camo running down- tho road, and. tho' door burst open. It was my cousin' Torn. " I hear the footston" ot my boy,"' said tho Countess. . .i : : "Molly," he cried, "a ghost, a ighostl -I have ssen a ghost 1" . ; . ' ? t His wild eyes and palo checks showed at least thnt hewns horribly frightened. Ilif.'hat hndi fallen off, and the whip., which bo -generally carried, had Ven dropped, somewherq m the road. . i .' : „ : - 1" Molly. ! A real ghost, , When I .saw, him I said, .-who's afraid oCa ghost ? - That3 what I said.' Who's afraid of a ghost ?, Yon'd like to kick me again, would you? And with that I gavo hini, ono wiih my whip. Would -you be-, lievo it ? ' My whip was knocked'- ont of mv hand, and I got one, . two,- threo .with, his fists Well, any man inay be afraid of a. ghpst. and ran away "' . .. . - ' " A ghost, Tom?" ' , i " Molly, yoii remember -that story about- the fight and tho kick in the face. Don't you ? I Used to say that I had- him. down, and. was lay ing on- with a will. . -That .wasn't tree Molly. I daresay I should lrnvo had. him- down In another round — no — no — her will haunt mo — it wasn't him at alL I never had him down, and he would nover havo gono down, because ho began it." But ho did kick me." " Tom, that was Pierre Gavotte,, not Ray- .mood 8t 811 ' "Ahi all of a talc— stick ton'i— j)li! Lord , —hero ho is again-!" .. . - m .; Sally rushed in before hmi." ?' "Miss Molly 1 Miss Molly 1.1 ..brought him up tho harbor in the boat. Wp, .picked him. up- at Point. Here ho is!- Here'ljpts.f. fot a bit of a Frenchman, though he is dressed; in a blue,, sack and a cloth cap. Oh! Herp'he is!" .- ' Oh! Ueavons! Can ; I ever t forget .that' moment? 'Twas Raymond himself, Ray., inond strong and well— jhis arms rstrc-tclieil out for mc. . When he , let, me go-I saw that, the Vicar and , my father wero shakmg. hands,.. and the tears >yere in their, eyes. But. Madame, Claire was still. , on her knees, her, head, in: her, hands. And so wo stood, in silencc imtilslio. rose and solemnly kissed her nephew.?.", , ... : - " My friend,", said Raymond's mother. torhcr,i husband, "Iikiiow- that -. vour, words coma! always true. You saul; that Ravmond- would, como . home fjo-dav..-,- We -will -have . a, feast to . welcome tho .hoy's, rcturn-r-and . tho villagers. shall dance '. -. - - ... . ,.. j- ; '.'It-is," said Mndani . Claire, "the blessing of the Holy Rose."",,. , i, . . \- -- '- - . :l - . . 