THE DAY' NEWS. Further psTtirtilars cj- it:: g the tragedy in Bar am sis pii'ii. tied eisewiuro It seems thai bsfci-- .:.n e..orsigc of '.hilt cCL.:.try :.g i. . irow.ted hiL.seif t. is t ii.'. x. ;. in. <s::l J.vmwe Lis |;.rjose u'id etsxyed to fntstru'i t. A dtspt ia'.i st: uy t: sii-ued, a . the King overpowering the sti tor, huth were Irowiiml. Kci-h is tlic ma I sttdlug of a King wtio - eccentricities Lavs loeg been suLjs::: of commn.t. 1 ubapptly the heir to tha throne, the lets K.ng l.Jins brother, Prince tnho, is also aUltoted w - tb the fatntiy Il rsri-AttiMC'. Of intellect, and btnng inewpa1!' of titling, al tumgh he has been procUiutoi King, his in c!c, 1'ricce Luilpol f, ba- tieon apiniinied regent, lt is to be hoped there ere less anxious timos in store for Iiarana than have pievxiief there of late. Bo far wa have bean unusually accurst in our predictions as to th results of the matchea played by th Australian altven now in England— that la, whanerar'th weather ud th atat of the ground have bun such u not to wholly npsct tha most judiolons oalea. lotion. Wa predicted that aa the Anstra- liens wu evidently play lug thamsalvaa into batting form thay would maka a heavy aeon at Cambridge, and moat oartalnly thay did. In th Lancuhtr match, wa uticlpatad thay would win attar a good matoh, ud ia apit of bMvy rain, which u tte fint day pnt a atop to play at u Mly hear, th gam so fu M u it wait anp- portod that opinio. Joaea ud Boo'.t u msnal want to th wiokata far tte Anttoalluv, who bad fint itrlk ; and whu tte rain baoama to heavy that itnmpv had to te drown ttey had aot bau Mpuated and had pnt togatter sixty tuna, ef which dunes bad oontoibutsd 84\. Th Lancaahln bowlers revtl ia wot wickata, to that tha performance of th bate ma wu a most ondltabb on. If tte weather clear up, aad Urn permit, tte Australians should now win easily ; bnt obuet are tte matoh will bo another draw. If tte Australians era to win at 11 it will probably have to b In on ianinga. If th visit of tit Anitoaltu orickstan to Bnglaad does nothing alas, it is having; th affect ot making na awatc that - the rain il eaixetli every day" ia th old Muntry this acuon. Hardly a telegram has com to hand eucernlog th cricketers that bu not stated that rata hi, rat dated play impossible, or hu in tar farad with the game, or hu fallen so heavily u to pat o stop lo play for tte day. Wat waathu either accom pules th Anatraliana wherever they go or pravaila all over England, for in the southern counties, la tte metropolis, in Uw midlands, ud for np north, It hu tea invari ably sxperisncd. Tte lut inforaantiu on tte mbjtct comM from Monctestor, wtero tha Australians commtarad a matoh yutotdsy against tte Lanouhire eonnty eleven. Aa usual the telegram concerning the match wlodi Dp with " heavy rain began to fall, ui pnt a stop to th play for the day." Really this ia bccoaxlng jnit a trifi, too monotonous, and to no donbt will tha Committee of the Hal bourns Cricket Clnb think. Jut for a change era ahonld like to bau that tha ana wu Man ox on day, and 24 ham ted paaaad without rata. Such an Intimation, from Ua man novelty, would b lafraahlng, Tte oteaqniM of tb lata Archbishop Ooold wensoIamniaodatBt, Patrick's Oethadral to day, in th presence of a rut mm. blag, while \ Mveral thousand people were nnabi to obtain ndmittuu to the spacious edifice. Th oOIm. tor tte dead was song by over 100 elorgy, thou prcsat including oil the high dignitaruo at tte Catholic Church in Victoria. Hia BialaeaM Cardinal Koran, who urlvad from Sjduey this morning, wa, present wha tte requiem muawuMlebrattd. A report ud nolo oo tht lmpruslv, Miriam an given alienbor. Tb, fnnarnl obaaqnlu of tte lato At cb bishop Ooold took plaM this morning at St. Patrick's Cathedral, in tha prastnea af u enormous crowd within and without th eecred adtfic. Those who were desirous of acaing th care- monies commancad to flock to tte Cathedral soon after nine o'clook this morning, ud by half -poat tan o'olock Iters wu bualy standing room In tte build log. Tte crnah In tte allies wm excaasirt, ud roma of thois who sought o good place hy coming early, and than found all the raata occupied, bad a urara trial. The arrangements war of a oomplst nntnro, and than waa no difficulty la thorawho war to take part ia th car mony making tteir way to Ut building, ud to tteir plaot within it, Tte praoann of Arch bishop Koran, of Sydney, and otter of tte moat notable digoltuics of tte ohnrob,lnrutel tte osrunonira with u additional iataraat to tte gsncrai public, although respect to tha high chuocter ud position of tte into Arohblshop wea.Mtarslly tte prsdaminut uutimsnt. Tbcc wm oa gnat troqbia amongst a naruber of woaa who attended tte obiequlax of tte lata Archbishop Ooold this marring Kany ef tham brcught young ohilfren with them, but th crowd was to great that tha Cathedral anthoritia, darted it advlubla to rafnM tha little ones adnoia.icn. Tte molten wan dUplaued, bnt snbreqnont erenta proved tte wisdom of this do cilloa. By aesllent a few children had bun admitted tte first thing in tha morning, bnt when tte building bscaaa crowded to each en extent that not an inch af eluding room wu laft tha childtu anffared to inch u extent that it wu neoaenry to toko them rat. Bot tbi, waa a hard work to perform, in conuquance of tte people being packed ao doaoly toguher. To n Protoatant than wu a notionbla rati tor in oonnactlon with tb procuding, in St. Patrick Cathadral this morning. Long before tte hoar arrived far thb f antral obooqnin a! Archbishop Ooold to commence, the Cathadral building was crowded to each u extent that there wu no etanding room left for thou who came lata, The feature tlluded to was the lerg unmber who spent their time ia reeding ttelf payer books before the eetviou were began. B fore il o'clock the cruh ia tha antra aiste became to grant from tte preeanro ot those continually entering tte building that several of those nearest tte dividing rails clou to tte ccfiln began to strive to gat ut of th bxild ing. Bom triad to etrnggl back to tte main entrance, bnt gov it np ia dupeir, white n few ef the stronger ones did eneeatd, ud ia doing so canud tte altl to beooa a awaylng mass. A few distinguished visitor wen provided with scats in front, bnt the number wu very limited. Outside the whole of the enclosed arte np to tte picket feaM wm wedged into n solid mass, and bo j ond this and iato tte strut than wm a crowd whioh nam bond soma thousands. Tte main door ot tte Onthednl wu kip', open and wMgnardadby several officials ud aix police- sun, bot the beet ttey eonld do WM lnsaffictant to regelate srith encoeu tte crowd, thou behind piwslng inwude oo heavily. All locomotion sru perforce ot o atandatUI, and tte only wouder it that a sariu of accidents did not happen especially u a numbar of those ontaldo were mere children. Although tte alter and pulpit and tte p'Uu adjacent ud tte orgu left wora draped in black, tte brigbtatss of tte day ontsidt, tte white vutmuta ot tha prluta, ud tha white veil ot tte socle tics of listen promt, relieved any exceulv tppearu of gloom, while amor git the spectators, though many were droned in black or very dark garments, thsre wu o great sprinklinf of color, upocially nearer the doors. Tte number of people who were coughing kept np n continual sense of irritation. A, soon M tte members of the Catholic Young Usn's Association catsred ud tauknp then scats everybody in front rota, and thi< caused tte whole body of persona seated in tha body of tte church to rise on mono. A cry of " bit down in front" from those at tha rear had iha effect of Mnalag moat persons to roenmc their rests, bnt otters remained etanding, end eflactoaUy blocked the view of those .who wora futhar bock. Tte atmosphere — »»'— y rotter opproMire, ud several pcriou fainted. Aa to removing them fiom the building this wu now impossible. Cardinal Koran arrived from Sydney tbi8 morning by tte expreu train, and wu mat a1 tits Spacer strut atetloni by Arab- priatt O'Kaara ud Kr ' seph Winter. His Bmlnoncn wu diiv,n to St IV.rick'( Cathadral io tte let. Archbishop CMriego. Dr Yon', the City Coronor, concluded the inquest this morning upon the young womxn, Ellen If Donald, who died under smpi-iour i . ri n rs - ranees St the house ot a boolrnak-r, ns: pit Iluseell, in l.i-.lle Nspisr strut, Fr.-roy. 1 hi e . nlf r.cc went lo show that densasad ami U 'en H..f.»ll son ot the man above nai >4. ,;v. i . gn> cr in h.s txlbers hours s.u'-e l'roeui 1 i;r,-i .'.ly ihsy moved, hui sb« ,uh.e 1.1' rtlurr sd, aud he w«"" ' live 'n Imlglni:- Not lu »l;c'' oar return t>> the fattxsi's plana she died, and i:.s la. I of tteir goirq away, and the son not comirg PAck Ni»r.bEr gat# the doth Epsru- Hu -lgoirtcoo4. Tb© post motUm proved that dotlh b« btou|bt S wWMi thftt ve dioatad malpractice, bnt there wu no aridtao . to show bywhomaaoh wet performed. In ooniection with th uticl pablithad in ycrttrday', lain nndar th heading " The Aagliou Chuich," w omitted to (tot th, important fact that "K. A." wu altogether ignocut of, and no puty to, th publication of th itatcmsnta made. Ne part of oar lnforat. lion wu obtained, directly or Indirectly, from that gentlemu. We regret to unoonca tte death of Kr D,nis K'Coithy OLoary, barititarat-law, which vtnt took plaoa yutorday at Albert atrMti But Ktlbonrna. Th dtcwad, who wu oxn- aldarad to te om of the teat apaakar, at tte bu, practlaad priuoipally In th North-Eutarn dlatriot. Kr O'Lury caututad aavaral aula far tb Lagiaiativ Aaumbly uniuccea, folly, ud at th lut alaotlon te oppoaad Maaai Graham aad Hall for Kotra. Tte daoaoaod wu o vary able writes, especially on th lud question, ud hi, dec as, at th urly eg ef 41 y.are will b greatly regretted by hia may island. At tb meeting of th Bremen's Onian lmt night, a sum of ono hundred pounds wu voted towards th anOanra by th Lyumoon diuter- ft ia likely that a propoitionato anm will alio b tabaorlbad by th Stawuda' and Cooks' Duira ot Wednuday night's muting. It la In- Mcdrd to devote thara anma and anbaeriptioni to tbo wldowa, orphans, aad otter dapeaiat ralstivts of such of the anlaoky ehtp'a oom- pray m wen drowned, In connu lion with this matter it may hi mentioned that then wu yesterday soma talk af a projected performance by the histrionic members of o popnlu clnb, th proouds from which uo to b devoted to tte sam ohultebls purput. At the Fish Hnrkst lut week, 8022 buksti of fish, OlOti pairs of rabbits, 06 brace of haras, 21 bags of oysters, 22J pairs of fowls, lo-t dorsn crayfish, 6 dosan smoked fisb, 5j pairs of tsrseye, and 416 brace of wild fowl oonstitnted tte supply. Oysters were quoted at 00s to 60s per bag, and hares Is odito U tid par brua The steamu Flinden this 'morning brought the Tumoaion portion of tte English mails for transhipment into tte R.K.8. V alette. Tte arrivals in tha Bay thin morning com prised the following staaoMis:— Flinders, from LonnoMton; Casino and Dawn, from Portland, Bslfut and Warrnamboo!;and tte Bnrrnmbnti from Sydney. Th Veritas, barqns, from Port Townrand, ranched, an ancterags late lut night. TbsK.K. Co'l stsamsr Balirls, after dil- cbMglng 000 tons of urgo for thu port, returned tbo journey to Sydney at 10 o'olock this morning. Tte work wu only commenced yesterday morning, and wu performed by Kotata Sheppy, Nowtoa and Company, stave- dorse. Tte Cttino left Bslfut ot 2 p.m, yutorday, and arrived at tha whuf only this morning, having bun detained over two honra at Williametown, and unable to bear tte fog hern during that tlma. It wu not till tte fog lifted that the turner wu enabled to run tbe coarse. Tb Culno experienced fine weather throughout the pusage rotted, Tht wtleomt to.the Rev J autre Chalmers, ths New Guinea miasionMy, wu of o most cordial character lait night. Tte Independent Chnrck, Collina street, wu crowded in every part, and hie Exoel'ency the Governor presided, Lady Loch ud soma members of tte ViM-ragtl bonubold being also present, Ia opining tht meeting, hit Bxoellraoy reftrrad in terme of praise to 'the oelt-donylog chuactar of Kr Obalmtlt'a miuionary work with whioh he ha' oombinM tte acqulaiUon of much infocmotlon about thia nn known lend which we should otherwise be without. B peaking from another standpoint, hia BxcaUanev congratulated the muling and Australia that Kr Chalmers's efforts to paelfy what threatened to bs hoatlli- tlto in Hew Gnlnto ot varloni tltnu had teeo attended with ancceu, and te alto thanked him foe tb uiiitanoe hated at on tlma and another tendered the lata Sir Pater Bontchley. There is no donbt that the Rev. Kr'Ohalmns hat eoatribnted mnch to tte geographical know ledge of New Golau, bat, jadglag from his pteoh lut nigh', lt ie still on nnfnthoqed depth. Boron Von llaoUer mey perhipe have gora u deep down u anybody, and fntur pro- otediegs of tte Gsographioal Society will b> looked forward to with intaraat. It is Kr Chalmeta'e opinion that Great Briteia hu got the only part of New Gaioea worth having, and hy aeenring a numbor of harbxrs interior but 'lightly to " one only beontlful " in aa tdfoIninggicoloBy, he thinks that Aoetrolio can fail tolerably tuy in its mind. The autern and north eutcrn couta he eendama,, and thinks Germany 'a welcome to them, Tte high term, of praise in which he spoke of Ur Fortes, describing hia u tte sole tint explorer who hod yet visited th island, art confirmatory of otter opinion of tbi gcbUeman, and Kr Walker, Commissioner of Cnatoms,gav an nnoffioial hint Mat money would te forthcoming to assist Kr Fottea lo further exploration. Tht raaolationi of welcome ud appreciation ot Kr Chalmers were wumly worded, and a cordially agreed to by th audience. L it night, u )fr H. Biete, ot the Croxn Lands office, wu oa his way heme to hi. Inly ing in Rnetoll street, from tte Y o--lck Club, hnwnukoa eeriouly ill, and when re « ths Aeeeably HsU ta Collin, etrcst, celled to ilr Iliffo, dentin, Colline atrMt, whom te knew, btisg aasoeietod with him a the committre of the Ktlhourns Attenicia. Kr I iff end hi, brotboe took him homo, when te expired imme diately afterwards, lb Biere bed been la ill- health fot some time put, and hu beu in th : Government eervlu toe ovu 75 yeat,. He leavu two daaghtert. Daouied wu o very oldcotoniet. Placards have baa pnt np at the entrances ol ou principal straits, uklng " Podutrien, to keep to th right." Thia advice I, ol great veto in crowded thoroughfare, like Bourke ud Collina atneia, A new etatl screw atnmer for tte Aoetralu lu Btam Navigation Trading Compuy wet' U tte 20th April, touched at Hebnm. Th veuel waa named the Port Pirte, and U in lugtb 870ft ; breadth, 40ft ; dsoth, 30ft, Tte otflain'e and offloere' quarter, art in tte long bridge amidihipr, 60tt in lugtb, ud tte Aram, n ud teamen's hank, in th, top-gallant forecast),. Accommodation hu bren made for 80 first-cias, passengers, and tha 'txs.a deeka have brea alloted epaoa to carry 400 emigrant,. AU the latent improvemente for loadtog ud discharging cargo hu beu fitted to tha ftteamcr. At a meeting held bet night at Salmon's Property Exchange, Footaeaay, a new yacht clnb wu inaugurated, to be known in tha null- cal world u the Footecray Yacht Clnb. Tbe following office be are re wen elocted Com modore, Kr P. K. Salmon; Vloe-oommodorei' Karat, G. White ud W. Dsan ; trca,ater> Commiisionet Stewart; hon secrs-ary, Kr E. Coin one. Th acw clnb atuta with a roll of 30 members. Tb Bath Adatail Football Club, whioh U expected to arriva ban on tte 21st of this month, will havan very strong learn as will b sun tram tb appandad Hat of playara, viz Coomb, Croka, Kiddleton, KTntyrc, Ksrrigan K,br tens, Kilter, K'Hamara, Parkes, Russell' Rtmas, Kau, Walah (2), Rowley, Kartln' Osborna, TldswsU, Teakls, Hiil, Hillior, Taylor, Prior, Woods, and probably two or three of the best players oat of the Mcond twenty ol tte club. White in Kclboaznc they will play Lhs following matctes, 26th June, Eisendon ; 20th June, Hothnm ; 1st Jaly, Willtamitown ; 3rd July.OMlong ; and tf practicable a match with Fort Kalbonrna on 6th July, thus (play ing fiv metcbu to a fortnight's time. Kr D. Gannson, U.L.A., appaarod in tte wilnra, box at the Llunsing Conrt to-dsy. Mr P. D. Phillips, who te tha tnunnrol tte Vorick Club, wu miking applicatioa to hav, th, club registered as provided by the new Act. and lie called Ur U aunson, who la a member ot the c!..b, to give some particulars u to the baB:s of the institution, etc. " Your name is David Gaucsoa, I believe v " qo,ris<i Ur Phiiti; t in a tone that impllad that ther- ' « J"t donbt »bont lu "It te," wu the br,u: "You know all abont thle club; thai iv msmbtre can uu it, and that tberuU-i s- ." Uie admission of members sis vary rtri. r Vuite correct," repllsd Kr Gsunion, .r,i rxamination wu over. II all wita..,-es war. Iiri.i and as much to tha poiut as Br Garn.-.n bunness would bo greatly cxpadlteJ. Publican- should ba careful not to allow t' ., xus ol " a shilling in and tte sunsr I'lg,:, '-.te .toyed in tlinr hotel-, f-rdsr the r,.4w Act this re an ii'eg.I g.uxc, :Ull o-rlUam ifoua b.rslori, iiM' seaof th. Royal Hotel, Surrey Hills, was fined L3, with 30 r oosts, at the Llresalug Court this morning for this offsnot. Blip to tha present only fonr of tha numtrons clnb, fn Melbourne bave applied to ba regis tered u required by the new Aot. Inipsctor Ellis hu ssnt circulars to all of tha clubs which he knows to cxlss, advising tbam to register, but thsre ar some which he may have missed, and these and tha otters who bave not yet registered, wa ar ukad to atate, will ba prosecuted if stcpa ar not taken to register, Kr Jnstlos Karfard to day admlniitersd a decided snub regarding tte want of punctuality on tte port of tte barrister who appeared to o oartain appliutlon. " I wu han." aald hia Honor, "ot half -put nlaoo'alook, and might have disposed af this applioation if yon had baa punctual." Tb q Motion af th " legal " gnilt or other- wis ot Jomm Harrison, who wu fund gnilty of larceny ot tha April sittings of tha Central Ctrmlaal Coart, noma op for dlaenraloa in th Full Conrt to-day, upon a spaotol oau stated by Kr JnrtlM Holroyd, who tried tha prlaotter and had soma doubt aa to whothar o jary oou'd tgally Mnviot upon tte avldtnco. Harrison wu a premolar of tte Hopa end Idaho Oom pan y at Walhalla. Ha wu to gat oartain amnnaratiM if h anooaufnily floated tha mln in Kalbonrna. Ho sold tbo majority of the promoter' ahan ui forgot to hand th proceeds ovsr to the company. Ho travelled island to New Booth Walu, whan ht wu crusted. Kr J, T. T. Smith sppured in support of tte csnviatlon, and Mr W. T. 0. Kally for tha prisoner. Kr Smith wu oalltd away to attend to his duties at tha Central Orimlnal Conrt, and Kr Kelly procetdad with li'a argument, and it was decided to hsu Kr Smith's argument to-morrow morning. An applloitlon to ordsr tte respondent in Burden v. Burden to give security for tht petitioner's Mats iaasnit for jndielal separa tion instituted by tte wifo, wu mads to M' Jostioe Ktifeid in Chambers thia morning by Kr Ntlgbbonr, who (instruotsd by Maura Mad- dock ud Johnson), appeared for the patltioasr. Dr Madden (instructed by Homa Brlggs and Snowball) objected to tte oppllcatloo on tte ground that tte petitioner wu posiesrad of separate property and wa, able to maintain tb anit. Tte applicstlu wu adjournei till to morrow morning, when the facts of ths cue will b laid bafora the judge. Tha Fall Court to-day gav judgment In Bowmu v. Fraser, aa applioation for a nsw trial on the pert of the defendant. The plain tiff sued tte defudant in the Couty Coart to recover L101 for extras on a contract in bond ing a hone. The defendut pleaded these extra were included in the original contract. Tte jury found for the plaintiff. Tte dctoa- dant applied to the Full Conrt fora now trial on tbe ground that tte verdict wu against the weight of cvidcnM, ud that tte judge had mis directed the jary. The Fait Conrt to-doy die mlieed the application with eoeta, tte jodgc taring ttey had no donbt thai tte finding of tte jnry ought not to ba disturbed. At tte ontect of the proOMdings in the Dlatriot Conrt thia morning Kr Gannson referred to o cue of Owon Griffin, lice aud victualler, fined L10 yeBtsrdoy for insultiog languages Coneteblo M'Corry. Ho had bun retained in tte mattsr, bnt understood that it %u est down for to day, hia orient being nader tha same miiapprahenalon. His oleik, Kr VF. Gannson, called at tte District Coart officii yesterday, about noon, and tha stork in charge promieed to rat tte cut down Mrly for to-day. At tte samo tlmo Mr Gxuoion admitted that there wa, aaratoxnM, in mit- toktag tte data oa tte aommone. H only aUed u favor thxt the cara ahonld b re opened. Mr Puton aaid it wa, a dalloa'e matter. He moat oonanlt with tha gentlemen with him on tte Baoch yattotday. After doing to, h would mention tte cau agtin, u lo whether a rehearing eonld bo tUowad. He had b<n surprised that tte defudut pnt in no appeuuM with regard to inch u important cau. Twsatowawaye from Bjdney In tte learner Borrnmbeet, named John Korri, and John Thomas, were brought before the Port Kel bourne Conrt thi, morning. The men stated that they left Kalbonrna for Byduy about nine months ago; but owing to th dapreeead state ot trade in New South Walu. they ooold not gat work, ud wan nxlon, to return to Victoria. Thay had no money to pay for their paeaage, nor eonld ihey raise any. Accnead ware cent to gaol for uvu days ia d«falt of paying a fint of 20e. James Jeffrey and Cornelias Irwin, two lea mu belonging to the ihip Don, war charged t th William, town Conrt this morning with bring shunt without leave. Tte evidence die. rioted the enmhtary trutment to which eatlofi aro often subjected ot th aura caprice of tbair captain or chief officer. Thau men eame on thort on Koadoy morning for a very abort time, ud wert ponnced on without notice, and lacked up. Thia morning tte captain did not l>ptu to praaocnto, ud tte Buck at once iemluad tte CMC. Truant-Inspector W ridge, this morning, pto caeded ugaiaat soma parents resident within ib rchocl district of Fawknor (lata Campbell field) at tha Cobnrg Court, for not tending tblir children to achool the required number of dayt during tte quitter ending March. Finer of 6, ua role were inflitted ; bnt one da' Itcdint, for tno children, wu fined '.'Or fo' itch child. Two little fellows aimed Yelsxtine end DonniiDeuo were charged befarc the lit wthorn Bench thia morning with elaeling gffilg finr' from th guda of Kr ©tteat, Ybej had entcni flKpHBTlr cos- posy with otbar bojs and strippid oit of tbe ticct of abont twel? a do/n which w«ra only bolLript. Mr Yeo compUined mora art!- colatly of tbe wanto l dcstraciioa tu tho u©«4 Thty were fined hve »hillicga each aad laforaty antioBcd. Although of late a number of iton« and brick eartera have been severely tlaoi at tbo Brans- wick and Cobnrg Police Conrti for working boneiBoder circnnstaneee Involviag cruelty, very little notion appiaie to bo taken of tbe warnings adminia tared. This moraing Con- stable Hebnle prooeeded against anotbor qaar tetta of driven at tbe Cobnrg Coart, naard John Carry, John M'KUsock (owner), William O'CaJUgbtn, and John O'Oallagbanlor working boioea suffering with eon on tbair rbonldore and back. Aa this waa the defendants offence, Mr Alley, P. M administered a sever© waning, and let tbem off with a nominal penalty of 10a eaoh, Pfoviooa to the opening of tha New Masonio tataplo in Colline street out, when tbe M aeons ased to meet In ths old hall in Lone- dale street, they met and trans total the ordi nary basinets, do., oonneotad with tbo craft and then adjourned iff refieehment ; bnt slneei tbe opening of tbe now tampie, with its msgniboant lodge-rooms and laige hall, several Worshipful Mostars, who bavo bee» io- tailed in Uw new temple np to tbe present time, nave, on tha night ef their in- talldtion, given a social ironing in tbe large ball, instead ot a bonqaet, thereby extending tbelr hospitality to tbo wives of tbo brethren of the craft. Last evening Bro. Olivet M'Lsan, the Worshipful Master of tho Washington Lodge, No. dud, LC., gave a social evening after his installation in tbe large ball, There was some 300 brethren preeent with their wives from all parte of th« colony and from the three Constitutions. The catering was entrusted to the Masonic Club, and was carried oat very satisfactorily. Dancing commenced nt u :t0, and woe continued up till a very early hour bin morning, everyone being very wall pleased with the hospitality of the Worshipfal Master. The University Debating Society met in on© of Itb© jcl.td© rooms in tho Assembly Usil, Colline btreet, lest evening, end discussed th© ueetioa of Women's Bafffage. Mr -J. A M.ok»s.l <qoi>©.l ia Uvor of the franchisj bt ui t"-'.«Q-.ltd to women, and spe-jche© ia riip(iorv «n© d»liv©red >y Mwara Lynch, Priogi©, 'rwi'crd Sexton and Lewi«, winle tliUB© w):-j \- - re-»td rrpi'OMuan to the propiisl, w;r- Mr H. Siuiih, I'lgtfQtt, bydeR, itei.n. h, M 1 '.i;4 u..J !.iib'ioD. Ou a vote L-e.n vticiB n«io iniiD tor, and six Kgaiiis; p- , A i. t -»i. ..y, ol 'lelegAtee from th# rinirojui ur4 ui -juitiun iok terutr ciuh. w.,- u . ..) u4« . ia i'uuUry ni Dog Hic.ci.n ' .x .'.piii A rcede, last ©veiling, lo C'z:i- i<,r ir(« ©U »>ility of amalgamating with th.i Yiotoria i " <i I . Ur Ueynoldn o« %upi©4 the chair eod th»<« rpr©fp)it»tiv«M preHBi.t fioin n,« Victori. N->ith ftfeUH-'urnn und PrB'.rau < luhn AfUr -omtJ (.uUVfinallQIsal diFCtlSBLOtt a Jockiou ©(tired at that amalgamation wu unnMou,,,.' ,7"r. majoilly of tho mrmhors of thsimsUclui,, membarn of tte Yiotorix Club, f Ltr< Club daoiib 4 tomakoall their number. of ths Victxrla Club, and ths Norlh Ktll.n Club will DHl ths Victoria Club uu i. ""?" srsting next to make arrangamant. for t,ki ' their membi ra into tte Victoria Club, Tte installation of tha Washington I ad_ No. 366, under tte Irish constitution, took ,,i 1 tost night, in tte torgt lodgoroom, at ib( Kuonic buildings. Bto.Bekar, Dapaw ii.. . Kultr uni,r th Iriih oonstltullou ,? Inatalllng Malta, onOartaltod th. followi, offloare for th y«M Wor«hli>fal Man,, n " OUvm M'tosn, B.W, Bro. R. Tho, J.W., Bro. Donald; B.D., Bro. Turoar in' Bnt Oohu; LG., Brat KoU,; Tylir Br." Otoifc. During tte ovulag th, ratirlog Bra. Wtoe, wm FnMUtod with a rsst muiJ addzasa, ud Bra. Chulwood, who hs, t:,e„ Moratory of tho Lodg for 15 praautod with u Illuminated address ind pure ol Mvarelgna, At tha reqaosf 0f a Is,., number of th brethren, Bra. H. J, L, B„ A B W- ol tte AdvuM Gelltogwosd L >dg, a recitation which wu vary appreciated. ' " Th numb at vtolton to tte N.tioari Kuenm ot Natnnl HI, tory an, Orolo, r„ tb WMk ending 12th June wu Hnaanm 1 opa to tte pablio duly (Sun4,„ oxeptod) (ram 10 a.m. till 5 p.m., 10 National Mussum Bnllding, at th back of tk. University. ' A mcoliog of tte commltte ot tha Warrite Hariutnio,' Inatitnt wu held oo Ssturd,,, whin a nnmbar ot daaign, ware placsd b.for, thorn. It i propoaed that th main hall should te 60 feat by 80, with a reading room I : l,:tt b, 16 foot wide. It U alao propond to gst «p , saris, of oonoerts to eommonM from tbo rnidii, ot next month in aid ol tha building fund. An individual olad in ghMtly raimant cansad a little MUMlion at Bluk Hill on sarurul ni-hi, lut week, and hi, sanulua pranks bxre Ijj at laut on yenag tody balng fill up wi-n illnoss brought on by Irlght. This young l,j. wu (writes tte "llillirat Courier") vi-iiinK , friend aThnreday evening, and u sho sud «hs wis afraid ah would mnt th gteat, i y0»n£ man wm depntad to laooompany her t , |lcr raldancn. lt wm abont tho hoar of tho »:siu- tlon on tte previous ironing, and lbs o-. Jrt said bognuud it would te is wtll for him to urn himself with something that wonld en.N, him to giro tho "ghost" the tbrssn- tog it deserved. Ho therefore cirriol , tout stkk in on hand and a poksr in ths other, and proceeded to tek the young U i, to he horn. Ttey hod aot gouo very far when,anr eningh, a parson igs dressef ,n white WMOburveda short distsoc oil. Ths hrav yoang mu tha Mnrindsd it sstsr to retire, and, dropping hia weapons, he ran away, Tte young lady fainted, and hid to bo carried to her resldinoo. She is reported to be somewhat seriously Ui. Several gentlemen have resolved to admlnlitot a sound horstwbip. ping to tte tudlf idori, writers, hs is, who hxi been cur, ing on this unulesi praotioil joks should thsy te noMufol in traciag bu identity The following are the readings by Qmnt's taitramenta Barometer, 80 57 o, rising in sun to-day, IS noon, 99. The highest retaing of Gaunt's thermometer in the shads, Bi>urks litest, yesterday, was 72, and tbelowo-t Um 9 a.m. ysaterday to 9 a.nL to day, &>. Ths hlgbest reading la the sun yesterday wm r. A meeting of tha Gas Gonfsrsncs has Ven convened for Thuraday next, the 17th iuniat at 3 o'olock p a, Tbo last of the Branswlok Bnbaoriptien Con- osrta for thia season will bo held In th© local Town Hall thin evening. We aro requested ta remind enr nth!»-i readers that th© entries for the Sports, to te bald on th© East Melbourne Cricket ( mrd, clce to-night at 8 o'clock at the Mure Tavern Bank Place i A mietiug of the Vegetarian Soclt'y or V c- toria, open to tbe nablir, will be h'-ld at ths Thistle Company's Moll, 4 1 Little ColUnx--r st, to-morrow srening. Sample vegetanaa i'uhn will be sabmltted. A public meeting for tho advocacy of T>.il Abstinence wm be held in the Temperance U U, Russell street, thia avsning at tf o'clo »h--i addremos will ba delivered by Mes»rs J. 1). Hereon, Macalister, and Reynolds, mtor.-pscsi with songs and recitations. 