OTic Weird Bird of tlie South it.liintii'.. Aa tho oratt bowls nlong in tho South Atlantio a new world seems to open on tho voyager. Tbe oonstellation of the Southern Cross has scarcely become familiar to him before he begins to seo animal, or rather bird, lifo altogether new to him. Ono of the greatest novelties of this kiBd that oan ever impress itself on the mind of man is tbe albatross. Somo morning the lounger will reaoh the deck and, casting hia eye in tbo wake of tho ship to judge her speed, will see a ? speck just above the horizon far astern. Growing larger and larger aa it approaches, it finally developea into a gigantic bird, and the old sailor, conning tho helm, will gruffly Buggest the fael that it is proper for the tyro to wet his first introduction to an albatross. There is something inexpressibly weird about the bird itself, as well aa in its manner of flight, and it is n matter of little wonder to those who have seen it that a brain suoh an Coleridge's should have hit upon it for tho text of his Lady of the Ancient Mariner. Without a beat of wing, without motion of the body, tho bird will, by long, -easy-going tacks, swoop np from astern until it gets within easy watching distance from tho ship it ohooses to follow. It will then ' lay to' at that respeetfal. distance, and, after taking thorough stock of the Btranger that has in vaded its domain, will, with no apparent effort, swoop past tho ship to port or star board, as tho caso may be, pass it by several cable lengths, , nnd then, laying to on tho opposite hand to its advance, allow the ship to pass it, and will then onco more take up its post ns rear guard to tho procession, nothing can b' ~ * ghost-like than the action of the albatross in thua passing or being passed. No stroke.of tho wing ocours, and all tho motion apparent, exoept that of the almost uninteligible cleaving ot the air, is tho half turn of tho bird's head toward tho ship, made as if to sec what manner of beast this was that had come to bother it. Though sailors aro over prone to superstition, thoy seem not tb be very particular aa to, saoredness of tbo albatross, and will al assist in a capture, in spito of tho curse 1 xidge associates with its killing. The lords and ladiea of tho King ot Dahot court don't wear stockings ; therefore it v be useless for Queen Victoria to eonfei garter upon any of them. They would 1 to use it for a dog collar if aho did. — Herald. Stately old damo (housekeeper), durini senee of tbo family, showing tho bed (j Elizabeth Blept in. Visison : Ib it bona fide i Dame (Uridliiir/) : No, sir ; Hinglish h Shakespeare remarks that ' the good m is oft interred with their bones.' That havo been the rule in Shakespeare's timi the rule nowadays is to print it in the i papers and carve it in big letters on the g stone. — Pitch. Mistiiess (to applicant)— Yes, I want a French maid, 'l'ho Inet one I had Ionlj a short time, because she couldn't unden English. French Maid — Yo'llhavono thr of that kind wid me, mum. Oi not only u stlinnd English, but I spake it, too. York Sun. Most women, value a clear complexic attainable. Helen of Troy is said to bathed daily in wine and milk to preserv purity ot her silky ekin. Cleopatra various medicated ointments and fra cosmetics to enhance her charms. VT1 witching Cathcrino of Russia habit washed in strawberry juice; while flt and grim tales are told about tha prepar of the mysterious baths Ninon L'Enc supposed to havo indulged in. Our fai are less luxurious in these days, and we that ladioa who value a transparent Bkin, a delicate complexion, in whial tint of the roso ia softly blended wit anowy huo of the lily, are now being ao by an eminent authority on the art of* ing beautiful forever, to frequently appl i end of a raw potato to tbo face' and nsi gentle rubbing. After rubbing, the fac neck should be washed, and gentle frioti to follow. Lidies aro strongly nrgt alwayB keep a raw potato on tho washt Oae great advantage the potato eeor possess over many other skin beautifiera i to be its exceeding cheapness, aa one j can be used over aud over and over t - sineo it is only necessary to remove a Ii the outer surface and to pare off a thin '.. before applying the freshly out surfaco. - A a oon story is told of a prominent m- of society who haa a habit of tying a kn ' her pooket handkerchief when she wisl - fix anything in her mind which must I tended to. Sho was engaged in a des].. flirtation on a certain occasion, and i ? abstraction dropped her handkerchief o n floor. This was noticed by her hostess endeavoured to break up tho Hirtatic j- - inviting her guest into another part fj ' house An the latter roE0 from her ch j-an stooped and pioked up her hondkei : noticing, aa she did so, tho knot tied it : oorner. 'What have I forgotten todl Bho asked audibly. ' That you havo q.\ band,' replied tho hostess. The ston-j repeated, and the lady, who is a well-J momber of the diplomatic oirclo,alway« j her handkerohiof freo bom boots now.! ?I 