SWEDENBORG AND SPIRITISM. TO THB EDITOR. Sir—Kindly permit me a few remarks on the above subject. Not that I am writing! any antagonistic spirit to Mr. Wood Green. On the contrary, I think, that is as far as am able to judge, that so far he has folly substantiated his charges against the modem phenomena of spiritism. Bat when I asked tbe question—"In what instance have the spiritists attempted to ' substitute the writings of Swedenborg for the Bible?'" as asserted by Dr. Talmage in his sermon "The Religion of Ghosts," and quoted by Mr. Green, it was simply toremove any wrong impression that might get abroad concerning Swedenborg. Talmage—great and good man as he is—is sometimes guilty of the grossest inaccuracies and the most unconsidered assertions. Because for " spiritism" to attempt to .substitute the writings of Swedenborg for the Bible would be for it to commit suieide. For Swedenborg plainly states that man's spiritnal faculties must be opened in order to become sensible of the presence of spiritual beings, as was the case with St. John . when he says, " I was in the spirit on the Lord's Day;" but neither Swedenborg nor St. John teach the materialization of spirits. If, on the other hand, Talmage implies that he classifies New Churchmen with spiritists he is wrong again, for Swedenborg himself says—" One of the laws of the Divine Providence .is that the Lord does not immediately teach man truths - either for Himself or by the angels, but that He, teaches mediately by the word by preaching,- by reading, by discourse with others, and thus by consideration in private of what is taught; and that man in this case is illustrated according to the affection of truth grounded in use. otherwise man would act as of himself. (A.E., 1173.) Again. Swedenborg says—" There is no immediate revelation except that which has been delivered by: the prophets and the evangelists, and in the historical portions." (A.E., 1177.) And this is in entire harmony with what Jesus Himself taught, and I can appeal to no higher, authority, when He says—" If they believe not Moses and. the prophets, neither will they believe though one rose from tbe dead." I am, Sir, &c.;, C. C. Hanson-street. THE GERMAN F.WPTRK. — The fifteenth anniversary of the proclamation of the German Empire will be celebrated this evening at the Albert HalL morning ACCIDENT.—At a licensed about vehicle, 2 o'clock driven on by Saturday Wilkinson and containing six persons, Alfred capsized by coming into contact with the rails was of Some the of Glenelg the passengers Railway were line on shaken, South-terrace. were eerionsly injured. but none JETTY TOLLS.—Regarding the tolls on chaff, Edithbureh, , ., c h the t h tariff -i a dispute at e r e runs:—" 1 3 or chaffed, 2s. per ton." The shippers Hay, pressed that the rate is high the ton should include claim 2,240 lb., but the localharbourmaster claimed to charee on 2,000 lb. The Marine Board has decided in favour of the shippers. 