DR. PORTER ON GOD. j [To the Editor of the Advertiser.) Sir,—No doubt the considerable audience in the theatre Uat Sunday evening derived much interest from the learned doctor's wide range,in treating the above subject, but, I doubt if there' was one iota to the sum of pre-existing human knowledge. Now, the doctor, with the usual unfairness of Christian preachers, states the Atheistical argument in his own way, and answers it accordingly. To the presumed atheist inquiry," Who made God?" an inquiry that I, as an intelligent and ordinarily well informed atheist could never propose, the doctor answers, " Ah ! that is where they make a mistake. God never was made. He existed from all time. He always was, is, and will be." Well, this proportion is old enough. In the Christian system it dates back to the days of St. Athanasius, who said, "The Father uncreate, the son uncreate, and the Holy Ghost uncreate, and yet not three of a Trinity routed the anger of the Maho- metans who said "They would slay every dog of an infidel that denied the unity of God." Allowing Dr Porter and St Athanasius to stand together on their proposition, I must also allow the neCessary deduction—viz, the truth of the biblical record of creation, of the criminal curse, of the atonement, of salvation. Agrainst this I ad vance that, to my mind, the idea of an uncreated Creator is just us inconceivable as a created universe, My mind repels the idea of all these myriads of shining worlds, scattered in space as far as human science can reach, and compared with which our world is a veritable speck, being created, as per Bible " He made the stars also," a sort of balance to the mak ing of the greater and lesser lights—sun and moon. Considering the finite mind of man, Dr Porter must concede that he absolutely knows no more of God, than I or any of his late audience. And qui bono! If the atheist leads the good life, honor able as a citizen, devoted as a husband and parent, just to all men, can Dr Porter do more? As to what Atheism has done in the world ? Circumspice ! The utilitarian spirit of the age is the atheistic protest against New Testament and Syriac views of human life. The refined Christianity of our times is essentially atheistic, so far as preaching and practice are incompatible. Men believe as Christians, but live as atheists. The infinity of the Christian God, and the infinity of the atheist's " nature" and the " universe," are alike far above human speculation, and what we can do is to limit our attention to the known and the possible. In this spirit I can say no one iistens with greater pleasure to Dr Porter'- dis course on subjects on which he is weli informed, such as "The house we live in," than sir, vours uncreates,but one uncreate" This doctrine truly ATHEIST 