What Does it Mean ? Aholt 3 o'clock on Friday morning, Mrs. Emily Frayne, a widow, of Ham ilton, Out., who had come to Cleveland to \isit her sister, who resided in a block on Prospect street, died very suddenly. Frank Lamb, a fresco-painter, aged 38 years, who occupies apartments adjoin ing those iu which Mrs. Frayne died, relates a remarkable story. He says that between '2 aud S o'clock on the morniug in question he was awakened by something, aud looking across the room he saw a lady sitting on a lounge about four feet from the bed. ' What do you want ?' ho asked, liaising her right hand the lady said, ' Hush, hush !'' and then she disappeared. Lamb is a disbeliever in ghosts, aud he at once made a search of the room aud examined the locks of the door. He found that the door was securely fas tened, aud getting into bed he lay for 10 minutes thinliiug about the strange occurrence. Suddenly the clothing of his bed and the tick were tumbled off ou the floor by some unseea i-oiver, aud he found himself on tho floor. Being angry by this time, Lamb made another search of the room without finding any body. He then opened the door, and as ho did so Mrs. Hadden, sister of Mrs. Frayne, came from her room into the hall, saying, 'My sister is dead.' Lamb declares that he was not excited, and that ho was perfectly sober. He cannot account for the strange oc curence. Other people iu the block who heard Lamb's fall also left their rooms, and they corroborate his story as to the coincidence with Mrs. Frayue's death. Melbouiixe, Saturday.— A severe thnnderstorrn passed over Sandhurst at 9 o'clock this morniug. A lad named Heed at Quarry Hill was killed instantly by lightning. He was rcturuig home when he was struck down. His boots were torn to pieces from his feet, his hat split, and his neck and face dis colored. An inquest will be held ou the body. The storm was exceedingly violent, and rain fell in torrents. The lightning was vivid, and the thunder shook every building. Tlie weather is now cloudy and cold. A Kihilist, Pierre Tkntschef, who some years ago obtained considerable notoriety owing to his writings iu vari ous revolutionist papers, has died iu a Paris madhouse. Tkatschef first wrote iu the Djelo, aud afterwards became editor of the Tocsin. Having been fried for conspiracy and sent to Siberia, ho succeeded in making his escape from there and went to Paris. His troubles preyed so much on him that he lost his reason about three years ago, and was placed in the Asylum of St. Anne. The deceased Nihilist was buried in tho Ivry Cemetery. His funeral was at tended by the historian Lawrof, the poet Gregorief, Col. Nicholas Sokolef, aud M. Valliaut, the Socialist Municipal Councillor, all of whom made speeches at the grave. The Melbourne Argus states that the inquiry into the cause of the death of the late John Plum, near 'Waugaratto, on the £9th January last, was concluded at Waugaratta on Thursday, when the woman Mrs. Stevens, who is believed to have poisoned the deceased farmer in order to rob him of his savings, and then to have set fire to his homestead, was committed to take her trial on a charge of wilful murder. The evidence for the Crown was soon completed, the total number of witnesses examined throughout the inquiry being 2C. Mrs. Stevens, acting uuder the advice of her solicitor, reserved her defence for the higher court. The coroner (Mr. D. G. McCormick) placed the main facts of the case concisely before the jury, who had little difficulty, after a short retire ment, in arriving at a unanimous ver dict. Mr. McCormick, in expressing his approval of the finding of the jury, took occasion to highly compliment Detective sergeant Duncan aud Ser geant Steele for the able manner iu which they had worked up the case, which was one of the most difficult and complicated that had yet occurred in the colony. Mrs. Stevens will appear before the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court, at Beechworth, com mencing on Tuesday next, but it will be impossible for the Crown to proceed with the trial till a later sitting of the Court. 