Poetry. Moray and his Thirty. Mabcii, 1313. (From " All the Te»r Hound.") Long as the fair old City stands, the glory of the North j Long ns11 King Arthur'* Seat" o'etlooks the flashing of the Forth; Long an o'er lovely Edinboro', queens high hat castled hold. Of Moray and his Thirty shall the gallant tale.be ' told. /• ' - ' ■ St. Andrew's Crest was gleaming from many a taken watt. . . , As Highland isle, and Lowland glen, rote to;the Brace's call; Bat from Stirlln; and fromEdinboro,* inflrmdeflaaoe stiff« The English Lion flaunted froo, and told her Soye* reign's will. *' . Cold in his noble nbhey, lay he whoie sun had *et,; la clouds of stormy presage, the great Plant&genst; | • 'Mid favourites and fooleries the weekly sapling lont All that the mighty oak had won—won at such hitter cost. i But still King Edward's standard from thyCsstle floated guy. And still the rook impregnablo held Brnoe'sbcstat ' bay. - To loynl threat and loyal strength, laughed frank defiance down. — Where Moray's baffled legions oamped about the sub* Jeottown. .'t • •/ A soldier nought the warrior Earl, whose roady ear and wit Caaght every rnmonr as it flow and took the heart, from it j " I hare scaled the rook full oft," he said," in boyish fears despite; Who is there, that for Brace's sake, will try my path to-night f" . J"'-*' ' }\; " Oh ay, the road Is perilous, craveB wary graspand tread, . And once a sentinel looked down, by Mary, we wen . aped 1 . . • But the moon is at her birth I wot, tho clouds, heap in tho west,' To dare and die-to dare and win—for Scotland, which wero best P" ; " ' •. "Bight art thou," fiery Moray .said, and. to Us ' eoldi'rs spoke, And, us they heard, an eager cry from every squadron broke; ■ . . >x Full many a stalwart, trooper felt orosscd hope*was ' hard to boar, . , , . As Bandolph chose his Thirty, from the host of heroes thero. . ,:.>i Tho moon hung dim and haloed above. the tossirg Firth, Tho wind swopt with a muffled moan across the frost bound oarth; And from the driving wrack* of clonds and' light gloamed faint and far, ' • As, in black robes, the Thirty met round Moray's siberstar. . . i" High up in Edinbro* Cattle, secure tho English slept; Their dreary rounds the sentinels ia careful order Stept. . ; ; *' • - -; I* And creeping, straggling upwards, nerves, sinews, all estrain. . :. v Clomb Randolph and his Thirty,' their glorious prize to gain. ' ••• */•'• " Below ihero, oh 1 I see you," a seldier cried In jest; I trow the throbbing pulses frqzo fa .every waSrJor breast; ' Tet, nor stir, nor cry. betokened their.deadly peril when . w., Tho loosened erog came boundiog down,'mH Moray and his men, ; • ■ • 7 Then roses the cry of wild surprise, of desperate dark ling fight, As, like ghosts 1 the hold invsdors sprang upon that guarded height. Brief was tbefnrious straggle, as, startled from their rest. Unarmed, amaacd, the English met each .fierce, un bidden guest. And when tho lingering morning broke npoB .tie Castle Bock, - . " The ruddy Lion ramped no more, the Soottish breese to inock ; ■' » And when King Bobort ti hN feast bid. the captains of his host, " To Moray aud hi* Thirty," ho pledged the crowning toist. ... 