THE WEST MELBOURNE ELECTION. Mr. G. D. Carter, one of tho candidates for West Melbourne, addressed the electors last evening in SL Patrick's Hall, Bourko-streot. Tho nttendanco wa3 large; Mr. J. L. Pttrvtfs occupied the chair. Mr. Carter said ibo interval since ho last con tested tho electorate was so short, that it seemed only like yesterday. Ho thought the lato Government aud Parliament had placed on tho Statuto Book many offensive measures that woiild prove inoperative. The lato Ministry was like n had candle snuffed out, which left nothing behind it but a bad smell. (Laughter.) Ho blamed tho Go vernment, which hail abolished political pa tronage (or making two political appointments in its dying hours. (Hear.) The Government had also shown great demoralisation in tho method of passing bills. Bills, after they had been ntroduced, ceased to lie Government mea sures, aud wero turned insido out before they loft the House, lie had no objection to a coali tion, but bo strongly protested against tho manner iti which tho second coalition .avnB brought about. Why wero all tho supporters of tho lato "Government not nailed together, and told what the Go vernment intended to do with Mr. Kerferd and Mr. Berry f (Applause.) Perhaps it was be came they feared to rovcal what they intended to do. (Hear.) Ilo agreed with Mr. Service, that it would bo impossible to do more than raise tho ghost of tho old parties — Liberal and Conservative. Tho old parties woro dead; there was fusion and tho birth of a now party. What was wanted now was a now National party. What he objected to iu tho new Minis try was being a double-headed one. Wo diil not want a Siamese twin Government. (Laughter.) From thiv Jen bin lie.idcduess devolve 1 the '.veakners of the ha; Government : not a f.ingle measure they introduced did liny stick to. if ill practice we obliterated Govern ment by pajtv. why not also iu theory." (Hoar.) If such a change was desired he did not desire it, then why not carry it out coasLteuily. lie denied that tho last thrco years of prosperity was attributable to tho Government. Governments could not make a country prosjerous : but they could mar it. Our prosperity cainc from tho people, from the land, and from tho immense amount of borrowed money lately brought into tie country. (Hear.) He protested against any lurther borrowing, except Tor reproductive works. Mr. Gillies was olToring to lend money without interest for irrigation purposes. He had seen money lenders' advertisements which announced tho advance of loans " with or without security," but never had ho come across one who offered to lend without in terest. (Laughter.) Wo were suffering sadly from over legislation ; wo were endeavoring to regulate everything by law and machinery. In the next few years wo should bo doing nothing but repealing tho legislation of tho past. Ho would like to have heard something front Mr. Gillies about retrenchment. Tho colony was undoubtedly standing on tho edge of a "finan cial precipice. (Hear.) If returned ho would insist upon an early financial state ment, in order that tho country might know distinctly how it stood. (Applause.) Ilo was not antagonistic to. Mr. Gillies, but he would not pledge himself to support any Ministry. He would support measures as tiicy were pre sented, exorcising his judgment on each. (Hear.) Ho thought law reform was urgently needed. For minor offences offenders should not be imprisoned but set at largo on their own recognisance. Tho rato at which criminals wero being manufactured in this colony was something alarming. (Hear.) If any case of injustico under tho public servico had existed ho would en deavor to have it righted. Ho did not think thero was anything in tho cry of decentralisa tion. If tho people in tho country wanted de centralisation lot them stop asking for new railways, because railways were tho greatest means of' centralisation. (Hear.) Ho took credit for having secured tho Id. fares on tho tramways between Spencer and Swanston streets. In answer to a question, Mr. Carter said ho would support public houses being opened for two hours on Sunday. A voice : Is the candidnto in favor of not passing any uolv legislation for two years? (Laughter.) Mr. Carter said he would not nssist to pass any bill interfering with tho liberty of tho subject. Ho was prepared to amend tho Factories or any other act that proved oppres sive, of opening tho public library and museum, and utilising tho West Melbourne swamp. Tho usual vote of confidence was unanimously awarded to tho candidate, and tho meeting closed with a voto of thonks to tho chairman. 