COLONEL CRAIG'S LETTER. Thoy had been boarding together at the Wilton Farm, Jane Heth and Annie Conyers; and all that autumn Colonel Craig had been fishing and shooting in the vicinity, and making the Wilton Farm, which was renowned for its good fare, his head quarters. And Colonel Craig was a handsome and dashing young widower; and Janeo oth had made up her mind that to be Mrs. Craig was her destiny. Indeed, it might have been, for perseverance can accomplish wonders, had not Annie Conyors brought her trunks, her crotcheting, her sketchhbook, and her big, blue parnsol to the Wilton Farm for the summer. Annio was not prettier, or younger, nor better dressed, nor more nceompshoed than Jane Heth; but a man loves one woman, and does not love another; and who can explain why ? Amongst those hills and on that lake the colonel gave his heart to little Annio, and she gave hors to him. But on the day that oalled him home nothing had been said that could have been construed into an engagement even in these days, when engagements are so lightly made and broken. But he had asked her if he might write to her, and she had said " Yes," and Jane had heard the request and the permission. Juno did not love the colonel, but her vanity was piqued, and she had greatly desired the position which she would have held as mistressof his handsome house. Her heart was very bitter as she turned away, for the colonel had not asked her to write to him; and if their acquaintance dropped, as it seemed about to do, her hopes of clenching the nail when they met in town the coining winter, as they would be likely to do, would be quite futile. As she stood watching the stage-load drive away sha felt that her sumnier had been wasted, and that there was nothing left to do but to pack up her useless finery and return home at the end of the week. Meanwhile Annie had run away to her own room. She fancied sho know what would be in the letter which the colonel would send her, and she felt what her answer would be. She wanted to be alone and to think it over; and until tea-time she hid herself from Jane, from the mothers of many children who pervaded the farmhouse rooms, and garden, and tihe grove beyond, and fromnhospitable Mrs. Wilton herself. When, how ever, she came down to ten, she looked so bright and sweet and h appy, that Jane feltlike wreoaing vengeance upon her. Many an Indian has sealped his rival insleas deadly wrath than that in which Jane passed the butter, and begged for the marmalade. The restraints of society are of some avail, after all. Three dayshbad passed since the colonel's departure, and one evening Janostoodleaning over the gate,when a waggon drove up the road and stopped beside it a moment. From beneath its covers pooped the white head of an old farmer. "Good evenin', Miss," said he, "I've been to the post-office, and they said there was letters for Wilton'a folks, and I fethedl 'em over. A'n't got my glasses with me, eo I don't know who they're writ to; but you can see. All well? That's right. Good ovenin'." And away he drove, leaving Jane with two letters in her hand, one for herself and ons for Annie Conyers. Her own was from her mother, She know the writing; the otlher-well she know the hand that had directed that also. It was from Colonel Craig. " And T am to give it to her," muttered Jane botween her teeth-" I." And then with an impulse which seemed to her unconquerable she hurried away toward the woods, hiding both letters in her pocket. At least she would delay her rival's happiness; she would not carry it to her at once. Then alone in the green shadow she took the letter from her pocket and looked long and curiously at the euperacription. Yes, it was from Colonel Craig, and what had hce said. Perhaps, after all, he was net in earnest. Could she but read what he had written, she would know. She took a pin from her dress and drew it along the edge of the envelope. It opened a little spaco, but the rest clung as closely as before. Impatient at this ehe forgot all prudeneo, and drew the pin across the paper with a sudden push. It cut its way through, and now the misclhef was dsne. Jane's heart beat hard and fast with terror, but she had gone too far to stop. "I shall know the truth," she said, " and letters are always being lost in those country post-oflices; and what is that proverb uncle was so fond of qauoting? ' As well be hung for an old sheep as a lamb.' I'll read it, since I've torn it. Then she pulled away the envolope, epread the sheet of paper on her knee, and read the following words: " Drc.u Miss CoecYrcs,-- lHad I been as great a coward in war as I am in love, I should have been drummed out of my rogiment. It seemo odd that a man of thirty should be afraid to stand face to face with a girl of twenty, and tell her that he liked her; but I could not sunmmon courage to do so, nor to ask the question that follows such a con fersion. So, far from you, I commit my hopes to this paper, and having in plain words said I love you, ask you, in plainer words still, Do you love me enough to be my wife? If you do, write to me at once, I pray, and make me the happiest man on earth by telling me so, If you do not, then pain neither of us by a refusal; simply leave my letter unanswered. I can bear it better so. But I shall pray for the letter, for 1 love you better than my life. I.scncY' COIa." Jane drew a deep breath. "So, it has gone as far as this," she said. " What fools men are! She will be glad enough to say 'yes,' but if I should destroy this bitof paper hewould never know it; and then-well, then he would do his best to fill her place. Men's hearts never break, and I should meet him in town this winter, and there is no one whom I know suits me better. That old man who gave me the letter never read the address. " There can be no inquiries made. It would be safe to destroy it, dangerous not to do so now, even if I wanted Annie Conyers to read it." Then Jane tore the letter in two, thrust it into its envelope, and looked about her. It would be dangerous to tear it to bits in the wood. Its white. fragmentsr might attract some eye amongst the greenness of the grass. But hard by a pretty stream babbled away over stones and pebbles. Once thrown into the water, that was the end of it. Jane hurried to the water side, and looking over her shoulder as one might who expected to see a ghost, tossed the little package in. It fell with the closed side downward, and distended by the torn note, which was roughly thrust into it. The surface was hard and highly finished, and shaped so as to resist the water. A little breeze thathad just sprung up, favoured it, and away it floated, like a little boat deftly clearing the shore and tacking and turning as it passed the dark, half-bidden breasts of the little rocks over which the water played. "Good-bye," said Jane, laughing as she watched it. "I have set a vessel, freighted with the hopes of gallant Colonel Craig, afloat in fine style. I am afraid it will make shipwreck, but all the better for some one else. It's an ill wind that blows no one any good." And turning she tripped toward the house. At this moment, farther along this same stream, whore, in a little cove, lay hidden a great tangle of water-lilies, Annie Conyers sat in a rough little boat, rowed by Mrs. Wilton'e son Poter, a boy of twelve. Little Fannie Wilton sat beside her, and the two girls drew up by their dank, dark, green stems, the great beautiful white flowers. " If one could only carry them to town," said Annie; "but they always die. lHow greedy I am. I can never get enough. But we'll leave the buds until they open -and there comes one down the stream to us. Let's try to catch it, Peter." Peter, in obedience to the mandlate, rowed his boat out into the deeper water, and Annie leaned over the side with her hand outstretched to catch what she faincied was a floating lily. " Pshaw l" she cried, with a laugh as it came nearer, "it's nothing but paperl But it seems to be dodging me! I'll catch it, whatever it is i" And with these words her white fingers closed on an envelope, not yet soaked through, and within which lay, torn and crushed, paper still dry. "Why, it has my name on the back !" cried Annie. "I never destroy a letter when I'm away from home." Then her face changed, and the children saw her pale and flush as she pieced the torn letter together and read it through. " Is anything the matter, Miss Annie?" asked Fannie, a sharp little woman. " What should be, then 1" said Peter. " What a little goose you are, Fan." "oNothing is the matter, children," said Annie; "only, as the adage says, 'truth is Etranger than tiction: " "Elh I" cried Peter. "So odd for a letter of mine to float to me on the river," said Annie. " Ha, ha, ha! Ain't it," roared Peter. And it was stranger than Peter know, for it was the colonel's love letter that Annie had just read. She was a wise little woman, and kept the matter to herself, but Fannio did not. "Wasn't it funny, ma?" she cried. "Miss Annie found one of her letters floating down the stream, just like a boat, when we was getting water-lilies." "My!" cried Mrs. Wilton, for at this moment the tea-cup Jane Heth had lifted to herlips dropped from her bhand, and dashed to pieces on the floor. " How careless of me i" cried Jane. "Hope you haven't spoiled your dress ?" said Mrs. Wilton; but as Jane Heth lifted her crimson face from the fragments of thobroken cup, she motAnnio Conyer's eyes. Women sometimes talk to each other with their eyes; two did then. But Annie was generous in her triumph, She never told the colonel, and she sent Miss Heth an invitation to her wedding; which Mies Hcth, with anya regrets, declined. 