i~'lE-D1 IGAIDES DIEiONST.RATION. Tnr, intercolonial fire-brigades demonstration was continued at Prince Alfred Park, Sydney, on Wed nesday. In addition to the contests proper to fire-brigado demonstrations, competitions for brass bands and one for drum and file bands were carried out. The successful brass band was the well-known body of musicians hailing from Launceston, Tas mania. The protest lodged by the Victorian rail way brigade against Geelong after the hose-and-reel competition on Tuesday was withdrawn. The fol lowing are the results of Wednesday's compoti. tions:- Disabled Ladder Race (continued from Tuesday) Simpson'osroad, 58 1-10 sec., 1; Goulburn, 59} see., 2; D lmain, 1 min. 2-5 see., 3. Thirteen other brigades competed. Enginuo Event.-First prize, Australian Browery trophy, gift of Mr. Cornwell, and four medals; second prize, cruet, gift of J. Israel, Oxford-street, and four medals; third prize, speaking-trumpet, gift of Mr. Ghost. Four men from each brigade to run out two lengths canvas hose from one delivery; to throw water to strike disc fixed at height of 30 ft. All brakes to be extended; the men to start 6 ft. from engine ; hose and all to be properly packed in engine; all scrow coupligs-Redlfeor, 27 2.5 see., 1 ; Goulburn, 28 2-5 see., 2; Newcastle City, 30 see., 3\. Fifteeoon other brigadescompeted. Hose Practice (Four Mon).-Geelong, 20 see., 1 ; Victorian Railways, 0 4.5 seec., 2; Geelong West, 31 see., 3. Goulburn brigade competed in this event but were not placed, their time being 9 seeo. Twenty.four other brigades took part in tho contest. Hose and Ladder (Eight Men).-Sandhurst City, 32 2-5 sec., 1; Standard Brewery, 32 1.5 see., 2; Victorian Railways, 36 2.5 sec., 3. Ton other brigades also competed, including Goulburu, whose time was 41 4.5 sec. The demonstration was brought to a conclusion on Thursday morning, only one contest remaining to be decided, which resulted as follows : Engine Practice.-First prize, tower clock, gift of Messrs. Burrows and Gleoson, and eight silver medals; second prize, cup, gift of MIessrs. Mc Lean Brothers, and Rigg, and eight silver medals; third prize, silver fish knife and forkt, gift of Mr. L. Foley. Two men to run out 100 feet of hose, one length suction, uuship polo or shaft, removo brake-stay, put in locking-pin. Hose to be in engine and lid properly locked, and suction in pocket with lid closed; brakes to be extended ; throw 'ater to strike dise 30 feet high. Goulburn, 38 3.5 sece., 1; Balmain, 39 1.10 see., 2 ; Noewcastle City, 41 see., 3. Sixteen other brigades competed. It to gratifying to see that the representatives of the Goulburn brigade have thus secured two first and two second prizes, viz., first prize in the eight men engine practice (the chief event), and first in the two moen engine practice; second in the fourmen prac. tice and the disabled ladder race. This is certainly an excellent performance, and will no doubt be the means of stimulating other members of. the brigade to go into practice with renewed vigour. At the conclusion of the event on Thursday morning the prizes and medals were distri. buted to the competitors in the successful brigades. When presenting a handsome trophy, in the form of an epergne, to the Goulburn Volunteer Fire Brigade, as the first prize for engine practice by eight men, the chairman remarked that in the pro. ceding year the Theatre Royal Fire Brigade were the most successful in the event. They then won a trophy, the gift of the Australian Mutual Iusurance Comnpany, and which was to be secured twice in suc cession before finally becoming the property of any brigade. However, as the Theatre Royal Fire Brigade had declined to hand over that trophy to the committee, such brigade had been disqualified from entering into any of the contests, and the committee, being desirous of not disappointing any of the competitors, had purchased the valuable trophy before them, it being agreed also that the prize should be won straight away. In accepting the trophy presented, Superintendent Laws ex pressed his satisfaction at having the command of so competent a brigade. Yesterday morning about 300 of the visitors from Victoria, together with about fifty members of the demonstration committee, went on an excursion trip to the Blue Mountains. Superintendent Laws was invited to accompany the party, but could not spare the time. It may be mentioned that iMr. Superin. teodent Lawe was one of the judges at the demon titration. The Goulburn competitors and the band returned home by yesterday afternoon's train, and were met at the station by a number of their comrades with the engine. As the train arrived at the plat form, the band struck up a lively air. Afterwards the men fell in two deep and, preceded by tihe band and the engine, marched to Bruton'sa hotel where Captain Taylor treated the company to refresh. ments. The men then again fell in and marched to the fire station by way of Clinton and Auburn streets. A halt was made in front of the station. Mr. SuperintendeutLaws addressed thecompetitors thanking them for the assiduous manner they had at. tended practice, which had led to their being so suc cessful in their competitions. Their performance was most creditable. They had won two first and two second of the most valuable of the prizes. They also had had thehonour of showingthe Governor and Lady Carrington the way in which the eight-men practice was performed. The band also had been honoured by being choseu to play the National Anthem upon the arrival of the vice-regal party. It was also creditable to them that no fault had been found with the manner in which they did their work. Every. one admitted that it had been done cldauly and neatly, while fault had been found more or less with most of the computing brigades. He hoped that the men would continue to pay attention to practice, so that when they wore called upon to go to Mel bourne in February next they would gain further honours for Goulburn. He then called for three cheers for the successful competitors, which were heartily given, followed by three cheers for the superintendent of the brigade at the call of Captain Taylor. Mr. Laws acknowledged the compliment, and stated that the trophies valued at £40 would be on view this evening in one of the windows of Messrs. W. Davies and Co.'s establishment. Mr. W. R. Riley said that as a member of the fire-. brigades board and a citizen he must thank the men for the honor they had gained. This was the more satisfactory when it was remembered that the brigade was a comparatively young one, and that it had to compete with brigades both of Sydney and of Victoria. He felt sure that if called upon to attend a fire they would show the same celerity in dealing with it as they did when competing for the prizes. Idh. Laws thanked Mr. Riley and the citizens pre sent for tihe reception they had given the men. The company was then dismissed. 