YOUNG MR NIGHTINGALE. By the Author of ' Hobson's Choice,' &c; CHAPTER LII, — I CHANGE MY UODGIKCS. That I was now an idler in London couia scarcely be charged against me as a fault. My profession had, as it were, slipped ftom under There was some pleasure at first in finding mvself released from attendance at the office in Golden-square. I was free from morning till night. My task of copying legal documents under the supervision of old Vickery, my futile attempts to rival the exquisite handwrit ing of Rachel Monck, had become things of the past. My new liberty was most enjoyable —for a while. I rose at a later hour ; lingered over my breakfast ; became a diligent student of the morning paper. My toilet now occupied more time than of yore. I lounged^ about Bond -street and looked into shop windows very persistently. I had some difficulty indeed in gening through the day. btill I was aware that this was by no means a satisfactory state of things. I was not a young gentleman of fortune. I had no real right to be idle. And the lack of occupation was irksome to me, insomuch that I was some times even wishing myself back again to Golden-square. It had been dull and tedieous enough there most certainly ; but did I not now and then see Rachel ? Moreover I entertained at that time a foolish young fellow's notion that I had a mission of some sort to fulfil ; that I had to share in the world's progress and a part of some importance to play hi life ; a name to make and a fame to win. Certainly I was not going the right way to ac« Coroplish this. I received from the Down Farm letters ex pressing deep regret at the death of Mr. Monck ; no enquiries were made, however, as to my plans for the future. My mother seemed hardly to be aware that the loss of my master had necessarily an important effect upon the position of his apprentice. Tony s health had, according to his own ac count, much improved. He spoke of his gaining strength slowly but surely. He made little mention, however, of rejoining me in London, very immediately. Indeed I was in clined to mistrust bis report of himself. His handwriting anDeared to me to be weak and tremulous. It was clear that he had been much shocked by the death of his uncle. I gathered that he had received tidings of Rachel of recent date. But be provided no cine as to her present address. The bouse in Golden-square, I had ascertained by frequent visits, still remained closed and untenanted. I determined to seek counsel and aid of Sir George. I had some difficulty in obtaining an interview with him, for at this time, be was often absent from Harley-street for days to gether. He looked paler than ever, and his manner was nervous and fatigued. I thought him really very ill ; he explained, however, that he had been travelling all the previous night, and was a sufferer from want of sleep. He re ceived me kindly. His hand, as he grasped mine, I noted, was burning hot. I ventured to remind him of his promise to find employment in his studio for Tony, and then explaining the unavoidable absence of my friend, and the position in which I was placed by the death of Mr. Monck, besought him, that I might, for the present, at any rate, fill the post that had been assigned to Tony. I spoke humbly of my ability to serve him, while I promised to spare no pains to content and to be of use to him. He smiled languidly, as he said : ' Oh, cer tainly. I shall be glad if I can help you. Something shall be found for you to do if yom really wish it, and for your young friend too, if need be. I am pleased that you are now ask ing for yourself rather than another, and that I am able to give you what you ask, such as it is. But never underrate you own merits, Duke. That's hardly the way to get on. The world is often very content to accept our own esti mate of ourselves. It saves trouble \ and the world doesn't like trouble. You're quite cle\er enough to do all that you'll be wanted to do, here. I've not forgotten the drawings you showed me. I told you my opinion of them at the time. I've not changed it. Come and set to work as soon as you please.' After a pause, he resumed — ' I'm to understand, then, that you have finally abandoned the law, and that art is to -be altogether your profession in the future? I said I hep. d that mtght he so— but that, at present, I was in some doubt. Under the circumstances in which I had suddenly found myself, I h»d on!y ventured to think of a tem porary anil provisional arrangement. ' You mean, perhaps, that you must consult your friends at home — at Purrington, isn't the place called ? Your quitting the law will, I suppose, t-e seme d'sappointment to them, es pecially as they hav: no doubt been at con siderable expense hitheito on your account in trying to make a lawyer of you.' ' They are most kind and indulgent.' I said. ' I don't think they will complain ifl am con* tent.' ' You ought to consider yourself a very fortunate young man ;' and he smiled, rather cynically, I thought. 'However, if they don't object, of course I cannot. I would not seem to cross or oppose their plans in any way. But, as I understand it, I am not chargeable with harbouring a runaway apprenti=e, or any thing of that kind. And of course you have, after all, a right to please yourself as to your future career. But we'll let it be as you say— a provisional arrangement. You are at any rate welcome to stay here while you look about you and make up your mind. Stay as long as you like, for that matter ; I'm quite willing. And the question of remuneration — will you leave that to me ? No don't be too modest again. You must, of course, be paid for what you do. The labourer is worthy of his hire. Don't fear that we shall not make you uselul, and obtain money's worth from yon. Are you in want of money now ? Pray don't be ceremonious. Nay, I know what young fellows are — how apt to outrun the allowance from home, to think it very tardy in falling due, to wish there were five quarters in a year. We don't, who have to pay rent and taxes. Better take this in earnest of future payment. He took from his pocket a crumpled roll of bank-notes, and with a laugh thrust one into my band. It was for fifty pounds. 'Nay, never refuse money. I may not always nave it to offer you. You'll soon cam that amount and become a creditor for more. I don't doubt that you'll succeed, Duke. You shall if I can help you. Still you must bear in mind that art is really a serious business. You must look forward to being more than * mere journeyman painter; that? all you'll be here. I think you ve taste and talent for the calling. I've not scrupled to say so. But young men are often disposed to believe they like art out of mere love of idleness. They think ours an easy, independent, unrestricted profession that releases them from ordinary rules and ties. They vote themselves geniuses and so disdain industry and application. They wait for inspiration, and meantime do nothini but lose the power of working and producing That won't do, Duke, at all. But I didn't intend to inflict this lecture upon you, and the advice is not really my own. Sir Joshua used to say much the same thing, I believe, to the young men who went to him with their draw ings, and who were held by their frieods to be lads of surprising genius. Hard work, Duke, is the only real secret of success. I've worked hard in my time, Heaven knows, though now my strength fails me somewhat, and I can't do what I did. I grow old, Duke, that's the simple truth.'* He was silent for some minutes after this. He leaned back in bis chair and slowly passed his hand across his eyes. He seemed lost in thought. Certainly he looked older, much older, than when I had seen him last. And I dow discerned lines as of suffering upon bis face that I had not before noted. Presently he aroused himself, rising with a. weary air from his arm-chair. ' You told me, I think, that you were living in lodgings. I forget where, but I know I have a note of the address, though it would puzzle me to find it just at this moment. Now it occurs to me that you need hardly be put to that expense. This is a great rambling house. Room in it could be easily be found for you, if you could take up your abode in it. Some thing tolerably comfortable could be rigged up for you, I don't doubt, without much trouble. Please, don't thank me. Vm only giving you what I don't want ; which, is, indeed, no sort of use to me. There are rooms in this bouse which I have never even entered. And don't fear that you won't be sufficiently independent ? that your liberty will be interfered with in any way. You will be perfectly free. There are a good many rats and mice about upstairs, I believe, but you won't mind tbat We'll keep an extra cat expressly on your account, if that will be any recommendation to you. And I shall not be in your way. Very likely we shall not meet for days or weeks together. ^ I warn you that it's nothing very attractive I'm offering you. I confess that mine is a most ill managed household. We want organization here terribly. If you can put matters on a better footing in that respect you'll be doing me a real service. But a bachelor, occupied as I am — and I was never what's called a man of business— what could be expected of me ? Say you'll come and make the best of it, and call this your home ; I mean for a time only, of course, until your plans for the future are quite settled. At any rate give the thing a trial. 111 not seek to detain you against your will. You consent ?' Of course I consented. I was most grate ful to him for bis consideration of my interests. ?? I'll speak to Mole about it, and Propert shall attend to you and see that you have all you want ; and tbe housekeeper shall be told to take care of you. But Mole is really the most important person in the house. He is got to be, Heaven knows how, a sort of general manager and major dorao here ; and you, it seems, already stand high in his favour. I know little enough about the fellow except that he makes himself very useful. Indeed, I could hardly do without him now. Mere chance threw him in my way. He amused me rather ; he's a strange comical sort of fellow, as you've no doubt found out for yourself. And I intended to do him a kindness ; but I needn't speak of that, for Mole's quite as use ful to me as I am to him. He's really clever in his way. Anything I've done for him he has repaid over and over again. And he's honest ; at least I think so ; as honest as most people at any rate. Otherwise he'd be better off than be is perhaps. It's clear he hasn't been very careful of his own interests hitherto. There's a sort of honesty in disregard of self. So you understand, Duke ; you're to come and make this your dwelling-place as soon as you please.' In a few days I had quited Featherstone, buildings and become the occupant of an upper room in Sir George's house. It was a spacious apaitment on the third floor, fairly furnished, tne windows looking towards the street The adjoining chambers were empty. *' I hope you'll like it,' said Mole, who had supervised the arrangements; I've tried to make it comfortable for you. We'll hang up a picture or two, and that 'will warm up the walls a little and hide the paper, which is certainly hideous. Sir George didn't choose the pattern, you may be sure. It was here when he first took the house. I've borrowed furniture for you from the other rooms ; alto gether things look pretty tidy I think. If there's anything else you want you must tell me of it. I've Sir George's instructions to do all that's necessary, and to make you as com fortable as possible. But they're dreary quarters when all's said and dtinfe ~ I don't think I could live here myself. There's a sort of Haunted Chamber feeling about the place I should never get over. Not that I mean to set you against the room. But to my think ing there might have been a murder committed here ; and that great cupboard in the corner looks to me just the kind of place a ghost would choose to hide in. But that's an absurd fancy, of course. This is a large dreary house enough 1 but it's of a common-place London pattern. I don't suppose Sir George ever c-me up thtse stairs. The painting rooms are underneath you ; oiherwise you've got this pp.-r part of the bouse all to yourself. Ihert'i no doubt but you'll be quiet enough. And if y- u don't like this room you can easily shift to another. You've a choice before you, up here. You're Lot likely to be disturbed much, except perhaps bv the mice in the wainscot and the cats outside on the roof. They make noise enough at times, no doubt. I hope you'll sleep well. My own impression is that I couldn't manage a wink here though I tried ever so. However. I suppose you can easily give it up if you find it don't answer.' Mole s own abode was of something a mys tery. He was generally to be found in Harley street throughout the day, and sometimes, I think, passed the night there upon a rug in the painting room. Otherwise his habits were rather of an Arab kind, and he pitched his tent, temporarily, just as convenience dictated So far as I could discover, he had no regular lodging. But tidings of him could often be obtained at a coffee shop in Red Lion-street, Holborn. And I know that letters were now and then addressed to him — to be left in the bar till called for— at a tavern in the neighbour hood of Drury Lane Theatre. It was an es tablishment of dramatic character and pre dilections. Numerous lithographed portraits of actors— ell attitudinising in their favourite characters— adorned the bar. The house in deed seemed to enjoy much patronage from the theatrical profession. Mole frequently oc cupied a seat in the parlour, smoking his pipe and emptying many glasses there, the while he discoursed upon histrionic art. He was ac counted, I believe, rather an authority on the subject, especially by those who brought to bear «pon it more esteem than information. Here we met many members of die calling who resembled him in that the art they professed had brought them little more prosperity than it had secured for him ; and with these he brid much converse. Upon minor sub jects they mignt dissent from his opinions, which were somewhat dictatorially pro nounced; but they never failed to agree with him when he declared that the drama— they preferred to call it. ' draymer** ? was in a hopeless state of decline. So much to their thinking, seemed proved to conviction by their own lade of success. Their discourse, gener ally, indeed, was of a saturnine character: On certain occasions I had opportunities of hear ing it, having been introduced by Mole to the assembly. They harped much upon the bad business this theatre was doing and upon the impending close of that : upon half salaries ?'** !?d,*.'no treasar7n there ; npon the fell ing off of the veteran actor-manager Millstone and upon the loss of favour recently incurrei by the once popular Miss Kncebone. They were severe, too, npon the degenerate taste of modem playgoers ; they were mindful of past palmy days, when, as it happened, they were themselves prominently before the public; and they wondered gravely how long things could go on as they were going, having already de cided tbat they must end disastrously. 'You've never been over this house before, have you?' Mole enquired. 'This is Sir George's room. He's gone eut now, and won't be back until late, so there's no danger in show ing jt you.' He led the way into a confined apartment on the ground floor. It was carpeted and very bare of furniture. In one corner stood a I narrow iron camp bedstead, without curtains. \ Above it, affixed to the wall, was an antique ctucifix of ebony and ivory, exquisitely carved. ' Something of the anchorite's cell alout it, isn't there? or, say a soldier's lent? Sir George affects Spartan habits. That's his humour. Every man to his taste. Propert sleeps in much greater comfort, let me tell you. Those -windows are left open winter and sum mer. Wind, or rain, 01 snow, it's all the same to Sir George. So, at least, he professes. _ If he had but a touch of my asthma he'd think differently. As it is, he suffers more from rheu matism, or neuralgia, or something of that sort, than he cares to mention.' ' He suffers much ?' ' He doesn't complain ; but I'm sure of it, all the same. And you can read it in his face.' 'He is really ill?' ' Don't you find him changed ? He is rest less and feverish, and though he doesn't lose his temper— he's too fine a gentleman for that ? he grows more and more impatient and hard to please. Haven't you seen how his hand trembles of late? He can't sleep. Look here.' He showed me a vial that stood on the mantle piece. It contained a dark ruby-coloured liquid. ' Is it wine ?' I enquired. He removed the glass stopper from the vial. It emitted a curious medicated odour. ' Tincture of opium,' said Mole, in expla nation, ' commonly called laudanum. That is how Sir George obtains rest and relief from pain.' I was alarmed and distressed. Something I had beard or read of the habit of opium eating and its pernicious results. 'Youlook frightened. But you know a man must have sleep somehow. No doubt Sir George acts under medical advice. A good dose is about twenty-five drops, I believe. I've known him take more than that. And the habit grows upon him — or say, rather his state renders laudanum more and more neces sary to him. Dangerous ? I can't say. I'm not well informed — I'm withe ut personal ex perience on the subject. And, to speak plainly, when I want to get fuddled myself, I find simpler drinks serve my turn, well enough. Sav. beer or ein. No laudanum for me, thank you. Come away. Enough of ' prison house secrets for to day. I told you before tbat your relative is a strange man. And his bouse is a strange house. Things happen or may happen in it, that are no concern of ours. We've but to do our work, and take our wages. Don't think that too ignoble a view of our position. But we're both Sir George's assistants now. We'll go to work at another Royal por trait — one's sure to be wanted before long. And we shall have a good deal to do to the picture of the Comic Muse, soon. Come onv It will be like old times at the Down Farm, when I gave you drawing-lessons, in chalk, on a barn- door. You remember ? I only wish that Misstress Kern was here — I don't forget, you see — to draw some strong beer for us. How good, and sound, and bright that beer was, to be sure. Is she married yet ? There was the making of an uncommonly worthy sort of wife about Kem. For one to whom age was no object, so long as a comfortable wife was secured, Kem would be the very woman.' We were soon busy with yet another replica of His Majesty's portrait. (To be continued.) 