Sydney Gossip. f From our own Correspondent. J Tim startling revelation mado by Mr. Abbott stating thnt there wns such an im mense army of stipornumary civil eorvante cutting it fat at tho'exponso of the coun try1, inking largo salaries and onlv getting into onch othor's way in tho vnrious do- partmonts thoy ovornin hns mado n great talk in tho community. The statement having boon proved, it now remains to ho soon it the clamour for the dismissal of tho superfluous officers will bo listened to and tho burthen thoir pay imposed on tho Stnto ho at onco removod. No wonder tho oxchequor is in tho doprosscd con dition complained of whon it is, hesido other prodigalitioB practised upon it, drained of onormous Bnlnrics, to ho appliod more as_ hush money than tho just ro, inunointion of required nnd faithfully porformod work. '# # Tho income tax having boon given ovor as a had job, especially hateful to mon of wealth and influonco, tho poor mans' tea is to ho viotimisod to tho tune of ljd per pound. . Snob is the proposition, but it is to bo hoped that it will not ho carried into effect. Teototalers should arm themselvos to tho teeth for a warfare against any im- posture'on the cup that choors but not inebriates," not ;only on their, own ac counts hut for thq?s'ake of tho spread of their principles and practisos. : Raising tho price of a refreshing beverage, which- so effectually supplies tho plnco of nlo or boor, is not a step - in the direction of spreading tho causo of tomnorance. \- # # # # . # By-tho-bvo, a total nbstainor has ad vanced tho idea of closing puhlio houses on tho day wo colebrnto our grand eon- tonnnry, ns an adjunct to tho proceedings and; a means of proventiflg tho . occasion from boing . marred or disgrqcod by drunkenness and riot. It is questionable whothor a froo' indulgence in drink would bo prevonted by this rather tyrannical nnd unfair proceeding, and honest Boni- faoo would bo unndvisnhly doharrcd from taking his share of tho profits which surely fall to his lot during tho gonoral carnival held in honor of the hundredth - anniversary of the natal day of Nevij South Wales, # # . Sir Henry Parkes is dond against any legalised moasuro for overlooking, dairies for _ the purpose of insisting on those sanitary conditions so necessary for tho soourity of tho public hoalth. The yetoran statosmnn deolnros that such an enact ment would he nn unjustifiable intor- fqrenco with tho liborty of the subject and us_ trampling on ;his rights. However, without going to these fierco oxtromeo, it niight Burely bb allowable to provide such regulations in referenco to those matters ns would onforce greater precautions with regard both to cow-yards nnd to milk. # #" " # " Tlio second reading of the hill frffj ts protection both of tho public hoalth and proprietors of noxious trados will afford general satisfaction. No neighbourhood, liowover indifferent on other mattors, tolerates tho_ presonco of manufactories for such odoriforous commeditios as hone- dust, : leather, &q.;'; and, on the ' other hand, it is voiy hard on tho trade that is hounded down bocauso of tho offensivonoss of its operations, though so necessary , as to iho end it hns in viow. . It has often boon tho case that ho sooner has an es tablishment tliOjkind in question got into full swing in a cortain locality than a huo and cry lias been raised ngainst it for. tho obnoxious stenches it Bonds foitlfi around, and for the suppoBod unhoalthi- noss it dissominates far and near. Movo on and move oft is then the order, issued, and persecution follows the . refusal to obey tho unreasonable command to Bacrifico time and money for tho good of a cantankerous vicinity. To moot all thoso difficulties and on'nctmont is to he passed sotting apart proporly selected and adaptable arrears of land, where so- considered noxious trades may ply thoir calling in ponco anil in the hope of per manent ocoupancy. » # It is a treo saying that half tho world knows not how tho other lives, and it is truor still that jt has littlo concoption of tho death it dios. Even in our midst, where plenty is tho rulo and whono all who aro_ willing to work can earn a decent livelihood, thoro are not a few who in misorablo lonolinosa aro starvoil out of oxistonco. This is no stretch of fancy, for our papers often rovoal Bad stories relating to thoso unfortunates, who, vainly struggling for subsistence, and at longtli succumbing to ndvorso oiroumstnncos, ond thoir days cither by suicide or fall victims to dire want and distress. _ Such a enso camo under public notice this weok, and a most hoart-rond- ' ing one it wns. A poor noddle-woman living alono, too proud to mingle with lior noiglihors, asking noithor sympathy or help, at longth gavo up tho ghost with out a soul nonr hor to say a word of com fort or givo ovon tho cup of cold water that'iniglit have nvorted the dreadful ond that othorwiso proved inevitable: It was days before tho emaciated body was die- COVOrcd llllfl innnirina iviof.vfnfn/1 ' Tf -ronnl/l he a good thing if hohov'olont lndios would form a union in oach BuhUrh for tho aid nnd oountonanco of tho poor femiilo strugglors for broad, who, though not ashamed to Mil, would rnthor dio thnn hog as mondicants from door to door. Widows who aro widows indood, striving hard, in tho fnoo of difficulties and dis appointments, to -maintain thomsolvos and thoir littlo onos but withal can scarcoly kqop tho wolf from tho door, nre worthy objects of tlio interest and assis tance of tlio charitably disposed; and ill bofrionding thoso dosolato women broad will ho oast on tho wators to ho returned aftor many days. 