MR. GLADSTONE'S IRISL BILL WHATEVER may be the ultimate fate of the bill which MIr. GLADsToNEJ has had the courage to introduce to the House of Commons, there is a general consensus of opinion in European countri.s, as well as in the United States, that the proposed mcaEure eas been the crowning oint of success in his long 'ailiamentary career. The demand from strangers, not only in the United Kingdom, but in France, in Bel 1gium, and from redhote quarters, for asdi mission ordere from the Speaker, and from members of the House, was so unprecedently great that it became utterly impracticable to think o compliance. It is said that the Speaker alone rccei'ed a couple of thousand; applications, whilst mem. bers of Parliament acre deluged at each morning's post by batbches of letters coniveying similar requests. This fact though unimportant in itself, so far as the people of Great Britain and Ireland are concerned, is of supreme moment as indi cating the intense interest which the Irish question has excited, not only at home, but in foreign countries. The reason for this interest is not far to seek. A great wave of change is yassing over the Continent of Europe, and it appears that hundreds of thousands of people of high and low degree, ranging from the crowned heads of Eusope to the indignant Nihilists of Russia, have agreed to regard the subject of ireland as a test question, the applicability of' whose position to that of various other com munities can no longer be gainsaid. Whatever reticence the autocratic Czar of all the Russias or the democratic Presi dent of the United States, and their responsiblb advisers, may endcavour to preserve, it Is beyond all doubt that a cataclysm of relations is taking place not only in the internal administration of the affairs of their respective countries, but also in social, moral and intellectual development. Whether it is the ignorant mujik of Russia who regards the Czar as well-nigh an object of worship; or whether it be the gently-nurtured Nibilist whose father, or brother or sister has been sent from all the luxuries of a most luxurious court to face the slow death of relegation to Siberia ;--all alike indicate that the people feel the time has .come when a change must be made from autocracy to autonomy. Whether Mr. Glads:one.will succeed, by practical application of his principleo, in vindicating the justness of.his remedies for the wrongs of the sister isle 'is extremely uncertain, and indeed we gather trom the latest cable grams that the probability of the Home Rule B3illpassing is considered.now by the political quidnunca of the day to be more remote than ever. But that the Premier has already achieved a political ouccess which was well-nigh beyond the dreams of writers of a few years back. will not be denied, and whether IMr. GLADSTONa suc ceeds or whether he fails in the question immediately at issue, it is cer:ain that he has paved the way for a succes~tor at some future time to complete the. building of which, in the teeth of strenuous opposition, he has laid the foundations. Is . * * No doubt a very large section of. well informed people .res:dent in Ireland have maintained for many years that a Local Government Bill, einpoweriug a large number of measures ito hbe adopted and passed by municipal councils and other local bodies, would stand a. fair chance of being carried if promulgated by a man of weight in the Imperial tousa. Not many years agoin an important sea port town on the east coast of Ireland, when it was in contemplation to cdistruct water-works involving an outlay of several hundreds of thouiards of pounds, a great deal of time and a.great deal of money were wasted through the necessity for communi cating with London, and transmitting an immense mass of correspondence backwards and forwards in a trio of ioutes between the town in question and Dublin Castle, and between the Castle and the Department in. Londo,. In view of the apparent'prospect of the rejection by the House of MIr. GLAD.. sToNE's proposals, it will perhaps be a matter for regret that these were not suffi ciently modified to present ' the alter native of a Local Government' Bill on an extended scale, and likely to enlist the sympathy of even some timid Conservatives; rather than be 'tied to a naked advocacy of Home Rule, such as would rankle within the breasts of many. politicians of the. old school, raising the ghosts ef dismemberment, of disintegration, and all the ether horrors expected to. accrue to the Empire from a step which they deem tantamount to repeal of the. Union. Be this as it may, Mr. GL?AsTONE may rest assured that whilst he,' an aged statesman, still in the zenith of his power,. has broughtto bear upon one of the mos't delicate questions- of this: age great intellectual power and unrivalled capacity for debate, he has also handled his subject in 'a manner which but increases hls life-long reputation for disinterestednre'ss'in the service of his country. ' The molal and mental strain of the situation iWas enhbaced by the consciousness that tle eyes of the world ,ore upon him, and by his sense of the stupendous grkvity of the proposals. One can pardon Mr. TREVErLYAN's hyperbole when he declared that the speech "actually benrumbed the faculties" of those. wh: heardl it. 