Ltiylng: S'oaiiKhufoii Ultoiie of »r. Mutthew's Church ol EllglHHtl, Dl'RytOBI. Yesterday was tho day fixed for tho laying of tho foundation stono of n now Church of England, at Drayton, to bo 'used in place of tho present structure so long known in this historlo township as Bt, Mat thew?. The ceremony, it was announced, wonld bo performed by the Lord Bishop of Brisbane, tho Right Rev. Dr. Wobbcr, nnd this at lenst, contributed to ' tho largo nod fashionablo concourso of spectators, who assembled from Toowoomba, and from tho parish nnd district around. Shortly after twelve o'clock the Lord Bishop nrrircd on the scene, accompanied by tho IIou, W. II. Groom, aud wns received by tho incumbont, the Rev. J. MoCIcvcrty, Mr. G. McOIoverty, and other. 'of the trustees; Tho site which has been selected for the new church is possibly at once tho most prominent and tho most central in the neighbourhood for it is on tho very summit of that bill which lies, if wo may so dcscribo it, at an anglo , between the former church building and tho now Court Houso, surrounded by tbo principal residences of the district. Tho new church will fnco to. tho west and will bo a conspicuous object for miles around, and with its simple gotbic design wilt certainly not bo an uninteresting one. Itistobebuiltofblucstono, with Murphy's Creek wbito freestone. 'for facing nnd ornamentation, nnd will bo 48ft. in length by 23ft. in breadth, with a height front the floor to tho eaves of 16ft. Provi sion Im9 been made in tho plan for a vestry lift, by 5ft. Gin., nnd a chancel lift, by 12ft. Gin., tho sitting accommodation being about 100. Tho contract has been taken by Messrs. Scott nnd Hobart nt £850, to bo completed within six months, and exclusive of tho spire which, as well the traosepts, will bo loft for future determination, 'l'ho out side Is to bo ornamented with frccstono buttrcsFcs, and inside tho building i9 to bo plastered in courses to rcscmblo stono, and tho principals of the roof nro to be of 6tained turpentino wood. Tho transept end nt pre- sodt Is to bo boardcd,\with n largo tracoricd window." The ceremonies were commenced by tho Sunday School children with banners and singing hymns marching from the old church and taking their stand with the older portion of tho gathering. The Bishop then gave out a hymn, which wns sung by those present, Mr. G, M'Clevcrty, in the name of the trus tees, having previously presented His Lord ship wsth a handsome silver trowel. The Bcrvico was then proceeded with, the ritual employed being thnt commonly used in Eng land. A sealed casket containing copies of tbo Toowoomba Chronicle and D. J 9. Gazette , coins of tlm realm varying from- a farthing to hnlf-n-crown and a scroll, of wbich tho fol lowing is tho text, wcro placed in tho recep tacle under tho stone " In tho name of tho Holy and Undivided Trinity this Foundation Stono was laid by tho Right Reverend W..T.' AVebber, Lord Bishop, of Brisbane, on Mon day, the lGth day of August, in the year of our Lord ono thousand eight hundred and eighty six, being tho fiftieth year of the rciguof Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. Ia dedication of the Oburob to St, Matthew. His Excellency SlpAfthuf Palmer, K.O.M.G., Acting-Governor. Tho Parlia mentary representatives of tbisdUtrict being tho Honorable W. If. Groom, Spcokor of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland, Robert Aland, Esq., and James Campbell, Esq. Trustees of tbo Church : Edward Dowling Hodgson, Esq.,. J. P. i$t<>n Vale, Thomas Anderson, Esq., Westbrook, and Georgo M'Clevcrty, Esq., J.P.. Drayton. Church- wardens: Mntthon SlteppWord, Esq., and Henry Clark, Kcq. Contractors: J. U.Scott and Co. Architect: James 'Marks, (Esq.. Incumbent of tho Parish : Rovcrcnd Ja'tnes M'Clevcrty. The stono was then lowered to Its place, and tho Bishop declared it well and truly laid in the faith of Jesus Christ and in the nnrno of tho Father, the Son, and tho Holy Ghost. While tbe scrvico proceeded contributions to the building of too Church were laid on a plate on tho stone,. . , , j , Tho Bishop then addressed those' present, ' and said ho would like them to understand what v/ns tho moaniag of this ceremony ia. which they had all joined. We had been laying tho foundation stono of a houso of prayer in God's name, nnd it should remind ua of thoso words of St. Paul " Other foun dation enn no man lay than that is laid Christ Jcsup," and should Biigrgcst what was tho real foundation of the church. The real church was the living Bloncs, tho eoula of men, nnd this was only tho building in which the real church assembled, aud so wo should nek ourselves on what- wo were building our lives. If wo looked at tho his tory of our own nation— and when ho referred to tho nation ho meant England nnd her dependencies— they would find thnt tho secret of her greatness lay in her trust in God, and because sho hnd built up her inBti- tionB in that belief. That was the deepest political principle that wo could learn from any book, nud thnt wns what the Bible taught us. So wc wanted to Iny ' in each individual soul this foundation stono of righteousness and truth, wh'ch wns a symbol nnd sacra-' mcnt that needed to bo laid in every human heart. Wo should try and remember this one thought, that there was a foundation for nations and for Individuals in tho rovonlcd righteousness of God in tho fnco of Jesus Christ. And a great deal depended upon what we built upon thnt foundation—whether gold, silver, nnd prcoious stones— the em blems of endurance or hny, straw and stubble, which.wora readily scattered by tho tempest or destroyed by tho fire, for tbo fire would try every man's works. Tito Bishop then intimated thnt tho confirmation service, which bad not taken plnco on tho previous day on nceount of the weather, would bo hold on Thursday, . a Alunohcon in colebration bt tho event was given afterwards in tho Court House, and was partaken of by nearly 100 guests, tho viands being provided by Mr. Lamb, of Toowoomba, in excellent style. Amongst, tho visitors present were tho Hon. W. H. Groomj -Mr. R. Aland, nnd Mr. James Campbell, M. M.L.A. , Mr; John Gargef,Mr. Inspector Harris,- Rev., John Vospor, Rev. Mr. -Fielder, "Mrs. and- Miss Groom, Mrs, Garget, Mrs. Vospcr, and other ladies and gentlemen.; Mr. Groom B resided, supported on tho right by tho Isiiop, tho Vicc-cbnir in the obscnco of His Worship the Mayor, Mr. Charles Campbell, who wns unavoidably absent, being occupied by Mr. Aland. Tho good things provided, were fully discussed, and Tho Chairman proposed " The Queen," to whom ho alluded as tho most popular. Sovereign who had ever sat on . tho. English throne, nnd as n lady who in all her relations hnd discharged her high functions to tho entire satisfaction of the British paoplo. Tho Vtcc-Chnirman. proposed " The Princo nnd Princess of Wales nnu Members of tlio Roynl Family," nnd said ho hnd no doubt this toast would bo ncccplcd wltli quite ns much enthusiasm ' its tho preceding' one. They must all feel thnt tho porsonal cbnrac- of tho Prince of Wales stood out in bold relief to tboso of 6omo Princes of Wales who had preceded him. And it must also be gratifying to obscrvo that- sorao of tbo Royal Family wcro making a name for tlicm- rolvcs in the world. The young Princes hnd lately issued a work from tho Press which had been favourably reviewed, and what wns peculiarly pleasing to obscrvo was thnt there was a strikingly moral tono in their observa tions evincing that they had been brought up in tliq .strongest. principles of morality and religion. Tbo toast wns warmly received, na also that of tho " Acting-Govornor" also . pro posed by tho Vicc-Clmirmnn. Tbo Chairman then roso and said tho duty now devolved ' upon him of proposing what might bo called tho toast of the evening — namely, " May tho Church progress, &c.;, coupled with the nnmo of tho Lord Bhhop of Brisbane." It might, ho thought, bo moro apropos in sneaking to this toast to allude to the Chore!) in a gcnornl sense,- and ho did not intend .therefore, especially in. such a mixed assemblage ns this, to say anything regarding tho nggrandlE'cmcnt of tho.Church of England, which had performed n great work in tbo post, and, no doubt, would con tinue to do so. Rut bo wished to speak of the Church rather in tho senso that tho Lord Bishop of ' Melbourne "spoko of it when lie was leaving tho Australian shores, On that occasion ho delivered a tncmorablo speech, breathing throughout a thoroughly Christian tone, nnd in tho courso of hls observations ho remarked thnt there should bo union outside ns well as inaidO' tbo Church, and that was tho subject to which ho wished to direct his Lordsbips's attention to-dny. Wu had all ono Saviour, ono Bible,' and ono Salvation, nnd hcnco thcro ought, ho thought, to bo moro union prevailing amongst tho different denomination's than there wns at tho present time. On each annual re currence of Her Majesty's' Birthday, wo hnd been In- the linbit of having an assemblage of tho children of tho Sunday School Union iii Brisbane, nnd last time ho had witnessed that nsscmblngo thero wcro over 7000 children congregated, united for one day at lenst to mingle together as one brotherhood, and ho thought a more pleasant spectaolo could not bo presented. This wns something of tho feeling which should pre vail in tho churches. Of coureo no two minds thought aliko, and differences of opinion might be expected In - polemical as well ns politionl subjects, but for all that ho thought we could all recognise oursclvcB ob brethren though wo might differ on minor points ot doctrine. Tho old aphorism thnt union is strength wns manifested in tho churCh ns well a9 in other matters, nnd be would liko to sco thnt spirit of unity pervading to a greater extent thnn it did, ns well tbo mem bers of tho Ohnrch of England as tho mem bers of other denominations, Thcro had been times in ' the - past, when tbo Pro testant denominations had liad to present a united front to a common enemy, and bow great and how strong that front would be if wo wo wcro nil united 7 Ho was proud of the progress which hnd been made by ttie Church of England, and he was glad that another step had been taken in tho direction of anothor church on yonder hill, and be trusted His Lordship would bo per mitted to lay many similar stones with tlio snmo eclat as litis, and surrounded , by so many smiling faces. ITo could assuro tho ladies and gentlemen present thnt His Lord ship had bronght with bim a splendid record of advancement in tho Christian religion, and more particularly with regard to hisown .church in tho cast end of London, and if bo was not mistaken ho would lcavo as good a iccord behind him in this colony.- He woll remembered tho mcmorablophroso that IHs Lordship had used some six or eight" months since. Ho had been told of the up hill work ho had before him, and ho thou used theso ' significant words:" I havo not travelled 17,000 miles to reach tbo foot of tho hill and not get to the top of it." lie had .lately heard a clergyman whom the Bishop had brought out, and of whom A' Church' of Eaglnhd paper hnd spoken as if- ho' were unfit to bq a ulcrgymqn, nnd he. could not; help saying that ho hnd bcon astonished as well at tho olaqnenco of the man ns nt tho untruthfulness of the remarks mado by tbo paper, and fo successful had ho been already thathispnrisbtoncrslmddctcrmined to provide bim with two curates. His Lordship was doing great work in connection wita tlio Church in this colony. He bad much plea-' sure in proposing this toast, Tho toast having been enthusiastically honored Ilia Lordship responded. The Chairman had gone over so many points in his nddrcss that ho could not venture to give his opinions, upon rail. That gentleman had spoken, so strongly on tho subject of union that. ho. thought ho might .really belong to >that' society which, was called .tho home rorunion association, and had for its object (o promote tho union of. .tlio -Church of England and thoso various bodies. that bad, from timo to, timo ECporated' fromthochurcb. OaeHhlng siioiiidccrtainly bo bomb in mind and tbatwas that when those bodies which had so separated end done -so, they liad causo fop- the separation. 'It ?wna ;tho Bishopi ofi Lin coln ho thought who, at a meeting of. that $oo!otyj 'pointed ojtf 'yrhat, indeed, m&hy; fcU I that If tlioro wcro ever to bo such n reunion it Was.'becnaso tho Church of England hud eomo to fully rocognlso tho particular points upou which thoso churches hnd parted from her, nnd that thoy hnd been witnesses for eomo trath . which tlio church nt tho timo seemed to havo forgotten, and it was ouito . truo that .they had kept that church alive, nnd that wns now recognised by the Church of England. Nothing wns moro rcmarkablo In tbe church's history to-dny than tbo idea furnished by tho lifo nnd ministry of Jobn Wesley. If thcro wns ono figure in tho past, which was prominent, and this was mentioned in pulpits over nnd over again and e earned to form tho ideal of tho clergy of tlrdny and which certainly tho bard working pnrt of tbcm were endeavouring to introduce, it was thnt of Wcaloy. Indeed theso missions now so common in England wore really tho outcomo of that work thnt Wesley nnd Whitfield figured in, and bo thought thoy wcro dis tinctly indebted to tho Wcsloynn Church for having witnessed so long for that truth, and so as regarded tho other religious bodies tboy had eacli witnessed for some particular truth. Soma felt that there, was too much worUUl- ness in tho church and protested against that, nnd this .was a lesson, that had been learned,' and when' all' these churches had so witnessed then ho though would eomo- the Urao for restoring that unity for which they all longed. In any case, however, Hint re-union fociety wns ono 4bat wonld1 commend itself to the sympathies of nil, nnd ho might mention thnt tho first chcquo ho had. received towards tlio Cathedral fund in\ Brisbane had been one from n respected member of tho Wcsloynn body for £20. Ono of tho things ho missed here was the largo nttcndanco of school children, but ho hnd nlwnyB wished it to bo. understood that when ho wont to any parish ho desired ' to hold a children's meeting. His desire;- jvas- that -tho Church - of England-' should- 'do its fair share of work in.tho colony, and ho might hero, mention 'tbitt ho was. now raising nstmill fund of £10,000 for church 'building, nnd he would like. them to benr thnt iu mind and here ho would again acknowledge their indebtedness to members of the non-con formist bodies, for ho (lid not know whnt tho; Church of England people would havo done- without thorn. Alrcady ho had' obtained tho services of 11 additional clergymen,1 but' even tbnt number was only a drop in tho ocean, and- lie trusted uot: only to get a further inorease, but a conlhiuanco of tho cordial support they bad received In tho past fromnon-conformists. ... Tbo'Obriirrann then propoFed tho henltb of the "Incumbent of St. Mntthow's, Drayton," and snid tho gentleman to whom tho toast referred hnd reached tho vcnorablo ago uf moro thun thrco score years and ten, and It conld bo well understood thnt in that timo ho had rendered somo scrvico to tho ohurch. At Gisbournc. in Victoria, hu had bcon tho mcanB.of building two outsido churches, and on his nnpointment to Mnckay ho had directed his attention to a cbnroh nt Walk- cratown. On his removal to Goon- diwindi ho hnd . set about tho ercotion of n church thcro and ho had been ' the means of collnotlng £800 towards its erection In this parish of Dray ton also ho had done good service. He liml been the means of orcoting n chapcl-of«cnso nt Gowrio Junetion, nnd to-dny we had laid tho foundation stono of a church whioli would cost £850. This was a good record for tlio rev. gcntlomnn, who, ho knew, hnd endeared himself lo cvory member-, of the congregation, nnd, notwithstanding his years, lie conducted services nt Onmbooyn, Eton V nlc, and Gowrio Junction. He trtmtod Mr. M'Clevcrty would bo spared to ofilciato in tho new Church. r Tho Rov. 'J, M'OIovorty, in responding, said ho liad entered tho Church entirely fnr .ho lovo of it, but ho disclaimed all tho flattering tiiinga tho Clinirman had Bnid of hlm.l/HO might say however that In nllrbia undertakings lie hnd got Ids people witli him, and ho would -recommend nil young clorgy- men to'do this. As for this now cliurch tiioy wore really indebted to two gentlemen. Ono wns tho Von. Archdoacon Glenule, who had given -350 out of.a.fund 1iio had 'col lected for religious purposes, Tlio other wns' Sir Arthur Hodgson, who had liberally con tributed, . Mr. G..M'Clovcrty. proposed tlio health of tho' Chairman and the Vice-Chairman, and 6nid the Chairman had been their representa tive in Parliament for a very long time-- somo 24 ,or 25 years— anil ho had recently been rending thnt ho was tho oldest1 membor intho Houso, nnd there wcro few indeed in the Australian colonies who had had such nn1 unbroken Parliamentary career. On tho' occasion of his first election contest ho would havo been defeated by tho votes in Too woombn, but Drayton pulled him up, nnd since thnt time ho had been ru-oloctcd at every election, and always with tho assist ance of Drayton, Even at tho last election ho was behind in Toowoombn, but Drayton ngnia came to tho rc6cuo. Ila was happy to say tho votes in Drayton had always been given bolh to Mr. Groom nnd Mr. Aland, and the constituency was satisfied with them. Mr.' Groom,' in - responding, said Mr. M'Clevcrty 's historical incidents wcro strictly correct. -At tbo. election- on tbo 10th of August, 1802, ids' opponent polled 91 in Too woomba, and he polled 90, but in Drayton lie polled 30, and bis opponent only 12. Ho had, however, a further interest in Drayton, nnd a kindly feeling for it, for ho hnd bcon married in this littlo church, nnd thero his first-boy hnd been baptized, and seven years ngo tho Rov. James M'Clevcrty bad baptized his Inst child, Mr, Aland also responded and said ho liad no desire to sco tho otlior churches merged in tbo Church of England, but ho thought thcro should bo a moro kindly feeling exist ing amongst tho different ohurchcs than there appeared to bo. As a AVoaiovan bo had to thank iho Lord Bifihop for the way-'ho had spoken of that body, Tho Chairman stated that tho sum collected on the stono was £40. Tho proceedings wcro soon afterwards brought to a close. The annual Sunday School Treat took placo in tho afternoon, nnd proved a very cnjoyablo nffnir for tho littlo ones, 