Christmas Tales, &c.; LIKE SUMMER GLOUDS. A Christmas Fantaisie. By Teknysox Ssoth, Author of "Tho Ghost of a Christmas Dinner," "Sunbeams and Shadows," &c.; CnATTHB I.—Pabtoiule. Gather the rose-buds while yo mny, , ; Old time is still a-flying: And that same flower that "blooms to-day To-morrow shall bo dying. —Herbick. George Clayton was a lucky follow. All who know him said so, and the general verdict had never been upset nor, indeed, appealed against. Ho was comfortably well disposed of in the world's favours; rich in tho spotless records of his life; esteemed hy friends; without a foe; endowled with such good graces as may become a man and, though a widower, yet compensated for his only sorrow by as groat a joy. At tho time his wifo passed hence and there had fallen that great shadow on his life, so full of sunshine theretofore, it had been said that Ruth had made that darkness melt into new, fresh, radiant light, and strewn his path with beams of happiness. Luck, they said, had been his guiding star, and those who knew his life had grounds for thinking so. Coining early to tho colonics he had had those chances whioh. so many had turned to great account, and he had made them serve his ends as well. Some years of vigorous youth upon the fields . where with a spade-turn fortunes sometimes "blessed tho sturdy digger (to be as often lost upon the hazard of a die), and where ho, too, had won his way, merged into a life full to the brim of the excitement of those bygono days. Jn turn digger, carrier of Her Majesty's mails, and stockman, George Clayton—when the world about tho towns became too small for men of freer souls in search of wider scope, and the broad lands beyond tho mountains, boyond the noisy hum of heated strife, far in the depths of wild, bold, track less country across the limitless reaches of un travelled plains, wore opening out to pioneering enterprise—had found a foremost place among the first to lay their value bare. Undaunted by overwhelming trials and misadventure he had fought his way out into the west, and founded there a home, and sown the seeds of fortune. He, had watched them grow, and as we find him now they have borne fruit, and in pros perity and ease, comfort and success, he has re _ ward for all the hardships of his earlier lifo. And beyond all else a crowning gladness in his daughter Ruth, his only child,—that rift in the old shadow whioh had Bpread to efface it, and then mantle all his heaven in cheerful aspect evermore. True to his desire for open, nnrestrioted free- I dom, Clayton had built his home upon tho crown of a small hill, but there where no noisy shriek of engines, no thud and thump of traffic, no whirling buzz of the busy world of man, disturbed the calmness of tho air. About him the tali trees, vocal with tho whistling of soft winds and tho piping of birds; around tho far stretching emerald sea of waving wheat and oorn, and the green pasturo with lowing kino and lazy sheep grazing and browsing upon its fertile bosom; and beyond the hills hero ver dant with thick foliage, now brown in shadow and then deeply tinged with bluo in the far distance, until they mingled with tho sky "where earth and heaven mot." Tho house itself nestlod in a paradise of luxuriant flowers of every hue; the queenly rose and tho deftly trained sweet- scented honeysuckle, the ruddy dahlia and tho delicate fuchsia were inter mingled' with staring sunflowers, and these softonod by retiring pansies, and the violeta spreading far and near their lovely incense to the goddess of tho garden. And no earthly heaven had ever a fairer goddess than Ruth. See her now as she stands, garden-rake in hand, enjoying all the wealth of beauty in tho foliage, colour, texture, form, and perfume spread around. Her tall, graceful figure wrapped in folds of snowy white, her hair catching tho golden sunbeams and using their brightness to enhance its own and light up tho glorious depths of her blue eyes. Her broadbriizuned garden hut in its ample shadow seeks in vain to hide tho Boft, oleur whiteness of her mobile face. About tho dolicato lips "thoro hovers a smile that over and again breaks out to dimple tho fair, roso- tinted chocks, and sparkle in tho rich beauty of the eyes, and odd bowitch ing morriucBS to their acoustomed light, to display tho pearly onamel of tho regular teeth, ana enwroatho tho whole faco in a contagious wealth of warm and sunny happiness. Her white hands aro lost in tho cavernous depth of groat gloves, and a simple band of ribbon clasps tho slender neck. Asabo moves from plant to plant she collects a bouquet of choice flowers, and trills a song in eoho to the notes of birds on neighbouring trees. Her hands ore full of blossoms, and she takes a path that wanders under an arch way, ladon with jasmine and purplo passion flowers to the house. As sho reaches tho spacious veranda encircling the building, there is the hurried stamp of horse's feet, and shortly afterwards a horseman emerges from tho timbered country beyond the garden wall and canters down the winding carriage way. "Hero Bob, toko tho nags." And Ruth has scaroely placed tho flowers down boforo hor father clasps hor in Jus onus. ^ Goorgo Clayton has not passed tlirougli tho vicissitudes of his well-varied lifo, and escaped their rigns. Though yot unbent his wiry figure I has missed the rotundity of that of men of easier lives; there is no falncss in the face to soften down the lines of time; hut yet the eyes are keen, alert, and bright, and the full j black beard and the hair are sparsely sprinkled I gray. Tall and erect, manly in every action, I every movement of his muscular frame, whether on horseback—and the district knows no better rider—or striding through his wide domains, his bearing is Buch as to have earned him the flattering soubriquet of " Squatter King." ; "Well, Ruth," he says, "been lonely, child ?^ Found things dull a bit, eh? Never mind, it is over, and I shan't go another jaunt for many a day. What about the reaper and ■ binder and the new mare—did they come all right? And the gig, does it suit you—and— I tut! tut! Hero I'm doing all the talking; I asking more questions in a minute than even a young girl could answer in a day, and all tho while you would hear from someone else, j Well, give me one good kiss, and I'll let you j have your way. There, that's right. Here's the letter? You're glad to get it, eh? Well, 1 of course, and as two's company, and three's a crowd, I won't he the unwelcome majority." " Not unwelcome, papa." "Well, it isn't likely you would Bay so straight outright. But I know what you mean, and there's no language yet invented which can tell me better than those dear, treacherous eyes of yours, my Ruth." ' ■; * " Oh, papa!" the girl replied, and nestled close upon his great, broad shoulder as though no place could bo more welcome. "There, go your ways, child. What does an old fellow like mo do lingering over these J endearing young charms,'—that's how it runs, isn't it?" " The letter can wait," said Ruth, plaaing it in her pocket. " Tell me something of Claud yourself. I do hope he has succeeded in impressing you more favourably." " H'm, well," replied her father, " it is pos sible I should havo returned earlier only for the importunities of that young rascal— that—" " Unfortunate fellow," interrupted Ruth, a faint shadow overspreading her bright face and a bright tremour quivering for a moment about tho corner of her lips. " I know what you would 6ay. Then my poor, helpless cousin "has not improved his position in the interval ?" "I found him in very common and miserable quarters, and thoroughly callous both as to the present and the future." "Poor fellow," sighed Ruth, compassion ately. "But don't you think, papa, it is all more his unhappy fortune than his fault that things are so bad with him? Don't you tblnV that if wo could induce him to quit his bad companions and come away—say even up hero —for a few weeks or mouths, that their in fluence over him might wane, and he would become himself and show those better porta I'm sure ho bas F" " The same hope suggested itself to me, and so I havo invited Claud to spend the Christinas here, and we'll give him the chance." "I'm very glad of that, and we must try and make his star so pleasant that he will be anxious to extend it. It is so good of vou to do this." "Tut, tut," replied tho father. "There, that will do, that will do. He shall hare the chance, but I scarcely hope for good results. But mark me, Ruth, I give him no more monoy, and if you intercede for him in that respect wo will quarrel. I've spent a little fortune on him as it is, and he's no better off, nor ever will be till he earns money for him-. ! self. Now, we'll say no more about it for the present." Ho then went away into tho house. Left to herself, Ruth opened her letter and eagerly perused its contents. Claud, with all his faults and all his way I wardness, hod always been a favourite of bis ! cousin, and from boy and girl sweethearts they I had become lovers, and this letter was a pas sionate avowal of his adoration, an expression of his fixed determination to prove more worthy of the prize he sought. Ruth was not un conscious of her cousin's manifold short comings, hut she had schooled herself to see something better underlying what she thought tho folly of youth, and held it up before herself as her duty to develop that and eradicate tho traces of a worse nature. She loved her cousin, too, devotedly, and spoko hor houest conviction when sho said she expected ckango of scenes, companionship, occupations, and as sociations to win her wayward lover's recla mation. It was, therefore, with unfeigned warmth of feeling that she found herself a few minutes later seated at her desk inditing a few lines to Claud, cordially endorsing her father's invita tion, telling him how delighted she would be to havo him at tho homestead, and concluding .with tho most fervent and heartfelt wishes for his welfare and happiness, promising at the same time to enjoy liar self in promoting it. 