My First Imprisonment. By William T. Stsatj. I.— Coldbatb-in-tlie-Fields. Skstkxcs was pronounced, a buzz of eager conversation filled the crowded court. Friends were pressing round the dock, where we had spent so many exciting days, to say good-bye. AU was movement, n feverish murmur of many voices. Tho long tension had given way, last words were being hurriedly exchanged—11 Good bye, good-bye, God bless you!" "Fdrather be in your place than in that of your judge"— it was Hr. Wnugh who said that, although I did not know it at tho tlmo from other voices rising from below. " Once more, good-bye." And waving my hand to the excited throng I descended the Bteps, with a confused vision of horse-hair wigs, eager faces, and a patch of scarlet still lingering on my retina. Down we went, Jacques and I—Rebecca and hldme. Mourez had preceded us—and we were prisoners. We had been below for a few minutes every day of the trial, but now we went further afield. Newgate is a deserted gaol. The long corridors, like combs of empty cells, stand silent as the grave. As we were marched down passages and through one iron gate after another, 1 experienced my first feel of a gaol. Those who have not been in prison will understand it when they in their turnreceive sentenced imprisonment. Itisafeel of stone and iron, hard and oold, and, as in Newgate where the prison is empty, there is added the chill and silence of the grave. The first thing that strikes you is the number of iron gates that are to be locked and unlooked, and the word turnkey seems real to you. Overhead the tiers of cells, with their iron balustrades and iron stairs, rose story after story. It was as if you were walking at the bottom of the hold of some great petrified ship, looking up at the deserted decks What a sepulchre of hopes it once wbb, and how many ghosts of the unhallowed dead mmt walk these aisles and corridors, where rings now but the echo of the clank of the iron gate, the spring of the lock as the warder passes bis pris:ners along the via dolorosa that leads to the condemned cells. When we reached these grim ohambers we turned to the left and entered the warder's office. It was bright and cheerful, and the fire glowed from the grate like a live thing, after the deadly, chilly mirk of the prison. There we sat and waited, and as the minntes passed, and ' we waited and waited, some faint sense of the change came over me. At last, after years of incessant stress and strain, and after six months \- in whioh every hour had to get through the work of two, I had come to a place where time was a drug in the market—where time was to hang heavy on my hands, where, after being long bankrupt in minutes, I was to be a mil ■ lionaire of hours. It was a sudden transition from the busy, crowded stirring excitement of an existence exceptionally full of life and in ternet to the dull monotony of a gaol. Sud denly I was snmmoned out. Our manager had got an order to see me, and I was marched back through the unending passages to a small room, where the interview was permitted. Ho told me that the sentence began from the first day of the trial, and that consequently I should be out on January 18, and Jacques on Novem bsr 18. That was good news for Jacques. As for me, my first and. only thought was one of satisfaction that alter all my pre sentiment had been correct. From the day that Rebecca was in the witneBS-box I had declared positively that I was certain to go to gaol for two months. Nearly everybody laughed at me, but I was certain I was right. When I was sentenced to three months' im prisonment I did not understand it. Now, however, it was clear. I was only to be in prison two months and a week. I would rather have had my presentiment verified and bad an extra month than to have it falsified for a month's earlier release. My visitor left. I was re-conducted to the warder's room. At last the prison van was ready. We were ushered out into the yard "Look there," said the warder to Jacques; " eee that door, that is where you will he next time you come here." "What is that?" said Jacques. "The condemned cell," said the warder, with a grim laugh, and we marched off to the prison van. There we met poor Bebecca, who was in high spirits, and Mdma. Honrez, whose indignation on being removed after sentence was almost ungovernable. We climbed into the van—not for the first time. We had ridden ont from Bow street in it before, bat then all the compartments were {all of prisoners. Now we were alone looked fa with the warders. A lamp at one end ehei a dim light down tli9 centre. At last we started. As we drove through the prison gates we heard the hoarse roar of the crowd which had waited to give ns a parting yell of execration as we left the. scene in whioh for so many days we had been the central figures. It was a poor nowl, the crowd apparently being email; but like Dou Silva in the "Spanish Gipsy," when Father Isidor was hanged, we— Knew the shout For wonted exultation of the crowd VTben malefactors die—or taiuiB, or heroe3. It was the last sound from the outside world which we heard—a curious contrast to the cheering crowd which, little more than two months before had followed us from Hyde Park to Northumberland street. After 10 minutes' drive we arrive at Coldbath»inrthe*fielda Jacques and I alighted, and the van drove on to Jdillb&nk; — the woman's prison, where Bebecca and If rime. Mourtz are still awaiting the expiry of their sentences; Rebecca in good 6pirits, taking all things patiently, knowing, as flbe says, that she deserves the punishment for the many had deeds (he had done in her life, although it is rather odd it should be given her the only time she ever tried to do anything good. ICIme. Honrez. they say, is dangerously ill of erysipelas in the hospital at Millbank. Jacques and I were made to stand in line, and then inarched o(f through echoing corridors and the usual endless scries of grated gates to the reception room, where boujs dozen or more fellow-prisoners were already assembled wait ing till the dregs had drained, into this human cesspool from all the contributory poltcb stations. We were seated on forms fronting an officer, who entered our name*, emptied our pockets, labelled us, and sent us across the room to select caps and shoes The night vac riw and oold. There was a glorious fire close t) the officer, but so far from us aa to make us I only colder for its eight. The officer was j 8 nut, somewhat rough, although not with me; but as we sat waiting an hour in the great osapty room with our fellow-criminals he became drowsy, and, contrary to regulations, -the criminal crew began to exchange notes, A wild-loooking larrikin whiRpcred to me, | "Do yon know how much them wot1 was in the Armstrong case has got?" X had the pleasure of announcing my fentenoe, and explaining that we were " them wot was in it," and noting the sensation that followed. "You've got off cheap,"said my left'hand neighbour. Then came in broken-down old gentleman who had evidently seen better days. He had been drinking, and smelt it, although he was sober enough to walk with a stiok. When his pockets were searched no fewer than nino pocket-knives wore discovered hidden in about as many differ ent pockets. The unoar thing of each fresh pocket knifo produces a titter of merriment. "Now, old Dicky Nine Knives," said the officer, "what is your name?" And the poor dilapidated, red- nosed oreature said his name was Mr. , journalist! Poor fellow, his.-journatistic days had haen over some time. I "Costermongers," a prisoner in Olerkenwell, once remarked, "when times are had, turn journalists"—a fact which explains many things. Most of the prisoners are drunk. Several might have avoided imprisonment by payings few shillings' fine; but when you have not got a sixpence a few shillings' fine is as hopeless as a king's ransom. Prisoners are allowed to select their own hats and shoes out of a miscellaneous assortment of all sizes. Whether the ordinary criminal head is abnorm ally small, or whether the persons that had preoeded us that day were abnormally big headed men. I do not know; but I found all the bats — dun-yellow glengarries without buttons or tails—too small for me. t last, after trying some 20 , hats Awh had been going in succes- j sion round the score of mv follow prisoners, I found one which was luckily split openalittlo, so that by wearing it with the back to the front, I could get a tolerable fit. The shoes were another difficulty. They were fearfully and wonderfully patched. Some of them were monuments of carefal industry. By careful selection I got two misfellowed ones which I thought would fit. When I came to lace them, however, I found them nip my feet so badly that, after trying them two days, I had to get them changed. My new pair were so large I had to fill them up with oakum when X went for exercise, and then stnmbled along as best I could. When we had all been entered up, we marched in single file downstairs along passages until we came to the bath and dressing room. Here we were halted, and sent to bath in detachments. I squirmed a little at the thought of the bath from the description cf the Amateur Casual, hut X was agreeably sur prised. The hath was filled fresh for each prisoner; the water was clean, and although it might have been pleaeaster if a little more of the chill had been taken off, for it was nearly 9 at night in mid-November, there was nothing to complain of. Your own clothes are then taken away, and a prison suit given you. The suits are allotted in sizes. Jacques, being large and stont, was ill to fit, and his toilet took him a long time. As we had come in with drawers and flannels, we were allotted underclothing — fairly comfortable. It was when trudging to our cells that the warder told us that the distinction between hard labour and not hard labour prisoners was a dis tinction without a difference. " If X had to do a turn," arid he, " I should prefer hardlabour, for yon don't do any more work, and you do get a hit more food." As there are very few of the judges who know this. Here was my cell. As I entered it my first sensation was one of pleasant satisfaction. There was the plank bed. X had heard bo much about it from Irish members, and had bo often alluded to it in my campaign in the north, that it seemed almost like an old acquaintance standing up there against the wall. The gaoler explained the whereabouts of the various articles, handed me the bedclothes and a mat tress about an inch thick, and then left me to my meditations. The cell was better than I expected—that is to say, it wsb larger, loftier, and not a had kind of a retreat, immeasurably superior to all the hermits' cells I had seen or heard of. There was a jet of gas, turned off and on by a tap outside the cells, the clean scrubbed wooden table and stool, and there also was the wooden salt cellar. Prison salt cellars are of wood, and there is no stinting of quantity. ' I salted my skilly, and broke the bread into it to soften it, fished it out with my wooden spoon, and tried to eat a piece or two. I unrolled my bedclothes, laid my plank bed down, stretched the mattress, and ftlt thoroughly glad to be alone after all the tur moil. Here was quiet at least. After a little time I laid down and slept. I woke once or twice and heard the chimes of a clock in some distant spire, and dosed again, with a strange kind of consciousness of the presence of an immense multitude of friendly faces all around me. The enthusiastic audiences that I had addressed in the north were visible as you see things in a camera obBcura, on this side and on that, and I heard the din and ghostly echoes of their cheers in the otherwise unbroken silence of the prison, At a quarter to 6 the bell rang, and everyone was on the alert. A warder opened the door and gave mo instruc tions. I was only in a reception cell, E?, that is to say, in the seventh cell on the second floor of the reception wing. I would have t."> be taken | to my destined abiding place in tbe course of ' the day. I need not, therefore, clean out my cell, or attend chapel, until I got into my regular celi A prisoner swept out my cell. Then one ; of the principal warders came round. He was a big, kindly man. " You may have made a | mistake," ho said, "hut you have done a good .work." An hour afterwards I heard another voice engaged in conversation with Jacques. On* cells were opposite, and you could hear a voice from across the corridor. I could not catch all that was said, hut there was some sneering allusion to the 6alyation Army, some words about criminal vice, and Madame Mourez. Then it ceased, and in a few moments my door was unlocked, and a man with a high hat on, in appearance not unlike a "gent with^ a sporting turn," looked in. "Well," ho said, as he scanned me from head too foot, " don't you think you've got off very cheap ?" " To whom have I tbo honour of spi aking'r" I replied, "I am the chaplain," said he. ''No/' said I, "it is the sentcnco I anticipated, for the three months I am told will be up in two months and eight days/' "J dgp't-know tjjat/' said &e.; " Yo» wore out on tail. Tour sentence -will probably count from date of convicbon not from tliat of the opening of the court. Xhet is hard for Jacques, eaid X, for bis punishment -will be thrice aa iong aa he expected. To me it does not matter eo much. "Weil " he said, "I don't suppose you will have much need of mo. If you We you ran send for me." He turned on his heel and dis appeared. I never saw him again save in the distance at chapel when he wont through the services in a wily unintelligible to me where I sat, hut X was told he had a remarkaWy good voice His name was Stocken. He_ had admonished Jacques for mixing himself up with the Salvation Army—poor Jacqura was certainly guiltless of that orime—how a man of education oould have anything to dowith such people as he, the chaplain, coidd not understand. Not that he was atanyloashe said, to understand why Jacques and I hadgone in for this kind of investigation. Ton fellows like to carry on to women and all that sort of thing, but as for cr- nunal vice we know aU about that bore. There is plenty, but it is not committed by the rich but by the poor. I am particular in mentioning this inoident, because this was the only creature whom I met among aU those to whose care, spiritual and temporal, I was entrusted who ev-er said an unkind word. Governors, ohief /warders, principal warders, and ordinary turnkeys and gaolers, togethor with the other chaplains, assistant chaplains, scripture readers, &o.;, were aU most courteous and humane, not merely to me hut, bb far as I oould see, to all my fellow-prisoners No doubt there was noanimnB, or no intention to do anything hat his duty, on the part of the Chaplain Stocken. Personally I make no ram plaint. I was, fortunately, not _ dependent upon that official for the ministration of sym pathy. But for my fellow-prisoners, to whom ho is the solo official human representativeiOf the divine passion of love and Pjty> eve° the chief of sinners, I am sorry if he speaks to them in the tone and spirit in whioh he ad dressed Jacques and me. Aftor ho departed, I was left alone for some hours. The breakfast of bread and skilly had been served out, my bed clothes had been rollid up, and I sat alone in the darkness. A dense fog lay heavy upon the outside world. In the cell nothing but darkness was visible. It wasa strange andsomewhatweird expeiience. Yesterday the crowded court, with letters, telegrams, enthusiastic friends; to-day dark ness as of Fgypt, in a solitary ecu. There was nothing to do. It was too dark to read, and as the honrs stole on, the cold made itself felt, and I shivered in the cell. Might I wrap myself in the blankets? Yes; if I liked, although it was contrary to regulations. After a while we were marched to tho doctor; he weighed us. In prison costume I weighed 9 Bt. 11 lbs. I com plained of tbe cold. " The cells," said he, in the usual dry official way, " are heated to a temperature of CO degrees;" and there waB an end of that. No doubt they ought to be, bnt aB a matter of fact the reception cells were not heated to 60 degrees, or anything like 60 degrees. When transferred to B wing, where the cells were properly heated, the change was as if November had given plaoe to May. The warders admitted ft readily, and excused it by assuring us thBt our permanent cells would be mubh warmer. The doctor, however, took no trouble abont the matter; but I would like to know whether, as it is the law that c-lla must be heated to 60 degrees, some one ought not to be pnnished when prisoners are allowed to shiver i'with cold at a temperature of 15 or 50 degrees. Before we saw the doctor wo were inspected by the governor. Captain Helby iB_a retired naval officer, pleasant and sympathetic. Just 12 months ago I was down at Portsmouth interviewing the admirals and rejoicing with the authorities in Her Majesty's dockyard over tho unexpected success of the "Truthabout tho Navy," and now here I was in the custody of a retired captain in one of Her Majesty's prisons. Captain Helby addressed me very kindly. " Whatever sympathy I may havo," he said, "with yon and your work (and in my private capacity I sympathise very much with yon), I ean only treat you as an ordinary criminal convict prisoner, who must be anhj'eot to the ordinary rules and regulations laid down for the treatment of criminal convict prisoners. I hope, therefore, that you will conform your, selves thereto, and that yon will not subject me to the painful necessity of subjecting you to discipline." "Sir," I roplied, "I think I understand the position in which I am placed, and to the best of my ability I will conform to the regulations laid down for my guidance.' I have often wondered since then what on earth ho thought I was likely to do that might necessitate the infliction of discipline, which, being interpreted, I suppose meant crank, treadwhoel, " cells," bread and water, and I know not what cleo. Editors no donht are somewhat raro birds in Coldbath- in.the.-Fields, hut even editors could hardly ho expected to assault their wardora, or refase to pick oaknm or to wash out their cells. At 12 o'clock the door of tho cell was opened, and a tin pot and' the usual brown little loaf handod inside. At the bottom of the tin was a tough, gluey composition, whioh on reference to the dietary scale, I found was called a Buet pudding. I peeked a little hole in it, tasted it aB a kind of sample, and then desisted. More hours passed, and then I waB asked whether I would like to see a gentleman of the name of "Waugh?" "Wouldn't I just':" al though I confess the kindness of it upBot mo not a little. It was so like him, and so unexpected. And as I shuffled along the echoing corridors, and was locked in ana out of groat barred gates, I felt sadder at the thought of his kindness than at aU the rest. Wo sat at the opposite ends of a long table. We were not allowed to shake hands. He read me Bomo kind telegrams and letters. Mr. Waugh wished to present mo in gaol with a copy of his " Gool Cradle," an excellent hook which he has allowed to go out of print; hut that was forbidden. Nothing must pass from , the outer world to a prisoner. He must read nothing but that wbioh is provided in the gaol library, and only as muoh of that as is doled out to him by the chaplarn. So Mr. Waugh had Borrowfolly to carry his " Gaol Cradle" back again. Then came another surprise: Dr. Clifford, armed with a Home Office order, succeeded Mr. Waugh, and we had a pleasant little talk. After he wont away I was tramped back to my cell, whioh, however, I had to vaoato almost immediately. I was taken away to tho B wing, and thcro placed in cell No. S in tho second floor. I got a new label, BJ, and had a braes number sewed upon the other Bido of my coat. Jacques was taken off to another wing, and I saw him to speak to no more. I was placed under the charge of a warder whose name I think was Smithera, a kindly, courteous official, whom I regretted not being able to thank when I was so unex pectedly carried off to Holloway. 