MEDICAL REMINISCENCES. BY GOSDON STABLES, M.D., E.N. HOPE : A TBTJE STOßT OF TRUE LOVE, [FHOM THE HOME CHIMES.] A minute considération or investi- gation of the working of any feeling or Sentiment of the mind, lands the student very speedily in the mid-ocean of psychology. Here he finds himself at a great disadvantage: for he is surrounded by agents which he knows to be all powerful to act, but the motors of which he can neither fathom nor understand. If he dares to assume the role of mentor, he is even worse off, for how can he, being iii the dark himself, show light tc others ? How can he, being blind, lead the blind, or how can he guide others through a laby- rinth, the key to which he does not himself possess ? ' But, granting that the student knows something, has found something out, has struck some little spark, has cleared some tiny spot in the mist, even then ho will experience, great difficulty in explaining to thoso he would teach, the truths which he fancies are patent enough to his own understanding. For language fails him, single words are feeble, and non expressive, and if he resorts to ver- bosity his description loses focus. There is one remedial agent the name of which you will not fiud in- scribed in the books ot the apothecary, nor in the Pharmacopoeia, but which has been known to physicians for centuries, if not for thousands of -years, and is prescribed almost daily by wise practitioners-its name is Mope. Like many other powerful remedies, it must be prescribed with much precaution, and the greatest care, lt must be administered-if it is to be administered at all-with sincerity. No relation or friend or physician can give it, if he does not himself possess it. There muse be truth behind the hope, truth to back it up, then in most cases it may be given heartily. I say in most cases, because I know one occasion in which nope given too suddenly and in- advisedly, produced a joy so delirious as to cause death. ? Parenthetically, let me mention the circumstances. A poor sailor lay ill at the hospital of S-. He had little hopes of himself. He was a faint-heart. Ab home in England he had a young wife and baby, to whom Le was greatly attached, and whom he had an idea he would never see in life any more. But we, his surgeons, had no such bad hopes of his case. We eventually, however, came to the conclusion it would be better to in- valid the utan home, and thus give him every chance of a speedy re- covery. The hospital sergeant im- mediately after hearing of pur inten- tion, hurried away to the sick sailor's ward, and thus suddenly told the man the news. 41 There is nothing," cried the sergeant, "wanted to make you well, so the doctors have just said, except a long sea voyage, and so they have made up their minds to send you home." The sailor started half up in bed, his eyeB glittering, his teeth " chatter- ing " (so it was described to nie). "Oh, God!" he gasped, -'I shall see roy wife again-so soon-and little Nellie-- M He fell back instantly-dead. This may read sensational. I can- not help that. It is true. Yes. Hope is a powerful agent for good, when it can be given to a patient in candour and honesty. I have co regret, however, that it is too often withheld-from mere want of \- thought-by members of my profes- sion. It is not always deemed neces- sary perhaps, and yet a word of hopeful, cheerful encouragement from the doctor, is often the only thing needed to turn the scale in favour of the patient, and lead to a speedy and happy convalescence. Bpiiwho amongst us cnn thoroughly understand the action of this remedial agent Hope on the mind, and, through the medium of the mind, upon the body. Hope, it appears to me, works for good in two ways, and herein lies the mystery. J?orJtr«%, it may emanate from th« body itself, towards the mind, or soul; or consciousness, and, being ia the latter, studied, thought out, considered and adopted, it is re- flected therefrom to the body as a healing power. Instance ; hope is one of the first signs, in a great many ailments-I don't say all-the doctor has that his patient is going to do well. The hope may arise in the first instance from a mere cessation of pain and uneasiness in the afflicted part, which give the nerve centres time to rest and obtain nutrition. The ultimate nerve cells of the brain "fall into their ranks" as it were, ready for more healthy action, ready to resume their sway and power over the life movements of the body. This same falling into their ranks of the nerve cells may be due to a greater amount of nutrition supplied them, and purer blood «from administered food or medicine. The mind becomes every hour more sensible of the improvement that is being effected, and hope increases in a direct ratio, till health is estab- lished. Secondly, hope may arise in the mind itself, it may be generated there by the words, or looks, or actions of the medical man, the attendants, or of friends aud relations. Here again there will be the same " falling into their ranks," as I have called it, or the nerve cellB, the same resumption of sway over the body with the same happy result, even though in this case the mind has to struggle with a weak and enfeebled, it may be dis- eased, body which has not yet suc- ceeded in making a start towards recovery. Despondency is quite the reverse of hope. The latter is a natural tonic as the case may be, the former a depres- sant. These facts only prove to medical men that the greatest caution over words and actions should be main- tained in holding intercourse with patients in some caBes, especially those in which the nerves are finely struug, for verily, verily, a word may kill, though a word might cure. ] I was laying ill-very ill-once in a strange town with, only an old, woman as an attendant. The doctor j had opened his mind to her pretty | freely, and she took no pains to con- ceal from me that he had no hopes of ¡ my case at all. j I crawled out of bed next day when I heard the wheels of the carriage on the gravel. As the doctor stepped! out he gave one short glance up towards the windows. How well I knew what it meant. He was looking to sec if the blinds were down. I will never forget that. "Faith" said He, who spake as never man spake, " can move moun- tains." I do not think that this ÍB mere figurative language. For Hope in itself, invisible, intangible, incom- prehensible, has power over matter, over visible, tangible, solid matter. ! Is this not a proof, I ask, that man is possessed of a soul, and that there does exist a spirit world, to which the soul belongs V To me it seeniB so. But now to leave this psycho-physio- logical diatribe-which. I fear my readers, who have not actually skipped it, must thick dry reading-and to give an example in the shape of a story, of the power of Hope, the main incideuts, of which are from the life. It was one of those dismal dark October evenings, when the fact of being at one's own fireside, is a pleasure in itself. The wind all day bad been roaring through the bare, purple-brown hedge- rows, whistling among the leafless branches of the elms, the oaks and the limeB, and bending the tall weird looking poplars, as if they were but willow-wands. Even the birds had been blown hither and thither with their feathers all awry; the robin, shivering on his perch on the gate, had looked more like an animated cricket bali than anything else, and had given up all attempts at singing. So had the speckle breasted mavis, who only the day before had made Echo ring frae tree to tree, certain in his own mind that spring had come. To-day he had seen no sense in singing, seeing that the notes were blown out of his bill ere they were half uttered, and whirled away on the back of tho north wind. The blackbird had uttered many a peevish shriek, because he had been obliged to keep low down on the grass, and the Persian cat had been stalking him from the other Bide of the hedge. The rooks, who had made effortB to fly to their happy hunting grounds, some five miles across the hill, had lost heart when half way, turned tail and been blown back again in a few seconds. There had been showers of rain and sleet too, and now the night was as dark as ink, and occasionally the hail rattled against the panes of roy casement window. Without, the wind was still rustling and roaring among the soft- needled Austrian pines, [.the arbor vitals and Portuguese laurels. Just au evening-in my opinion to enjoy reading a pleasant article in a magazine, or a good novel ; not with feet on' fender and body io high backed chair-such a position is not suited to people who know aught of the laws of health -but reclining, let us say, on a couch, with a happy looking fire at a respectable distance, and a glorious lamp diffusing a soft atinic light throughout the room. My wife likes to be near the fire, however. My wife was there now. No good preaching to her about the laws of health, she likes to be cosy. She waB sewing or knitting, in a quiet pre-occupied kind of way. High over the wind rose the shriek of a railway train. The line runs through a cutting about a quarter of a mile from here, and ever aB she emerges she makes her presence known by a dull roar-heard only when the wind isn't high-and au eldritch scream. " That's the last down train," said my wife. " Miss B-, your in- tended 'visitor, won't come to-night." "What?" I said, looking up ab- stractedly from a Blackwood'e MagaZ' inc that X held in my hand. " No ! Of course not." "Shall I lock the doors ?" said Sarah, entering. " Why it's too soon surely," I re- plied, " it is not much past nine. The down train has only this minute gone." " But she is half-an-hour late, sir, fully." " Well, in that case-but-stop listen. There is some one there. Something stopped at the gate, I think." There waB a canine chorus outside that ever heralds the approach of strangers after night fall-the yelp of 'angry collies, the fluting of scotch terriers, the beiMike baying of a blood-hound, and the deep threaten- ing bass of a lordly Newfoundland. Then the bell rang, and two minutes after I waB seated in my study, tête-à tête with Miss B-. "You will think all this very strange," she said. " You must think me very strange, and"-she coloured slightly-" romantic, as well." " My dear young lady," I replied, "I think you neither strange nor romantic. I have seeu so much in so many parts of the world, that I do not think anything strange. Bat one minute-before we talk-you are late, j ou cannot leave here to-night." "Yes, I am late. Unfortunately I took the wrong train, or rather the train to the wrong T --" # "That was a pity," I said, "You must be so tired?" " Not very much so. My cab is at the gate, and will take me to an hotel, when our interview is over." "No," I answered firmly, "our' guest'B room is unoccupied, and you ' must be its tenant to-night. This is a gloomy old house, but we haven't a ghost. You will be far more at home here than at Our village inn, which you dignify by thé name of hotel." Miss B - smiled and I was victor- ious. " Now," I said, " returning to your fear that I would consider your con- duct odd or romantic in coming to con- sult me, I am vain enough to think there is nothing strange in this matter. You have lead medical articles of mine in a magazine, they struck you as sensible, and you bravely make np your mind to come and take my ad .Then are ten T-Bin English. What's in a same P A good deal, if yon take toT in Hants, while yonr friends are waiting fox yon at T-r--in bucks br Berk«. vice personally about a person you ar< greatly intrested in, but who coule not be induced toco tne himself. Whai is there strange in that ? It is neithei odd nor uncommon. " But now to business," I continued " I must tell you that I cannot com« to see the invalid, except in the com- pany of his own medical attendant." " I know," said Miss B-, " thal your rules of professional etiquette are very stringent, and I would not expect j ou to disobey them. But we my lather and I-are leaving B and coming to stay in your immediate neighbourhood. The air of R-is toe bracing for father, who is old ; the climate here-you have said in your writing, is mild and calmative, without being relaxing." " Exactly so." "And Frank, was, as I have told you in my letters, is-was-O ! dear!" The poor girl broke down and Bob- bed for a short time with her face in her handkerchief I did not attempt to check ber. There is nothing so smoothing to a sore or a sud heart as tears. "I know, I know," I said "Frank is your intended husband. He is com- ing on a visit to your father's house but you fear Frank will die. Well, I hope ne will recover. But I cannot give you hope till I have seen him." " But you em," she replied, firmly, pleadingly, " it is for hope I have come iiere, for this hope I have travelled so far, even against my lather's will. I wish to take that hope home with me. However little it be, I cannot go back without it." " Your father," I said, "did not refuse your permission to come here ? " " No," she answered, *' I am my father's only child-I have no mother -and he is so good to me. He would refuse me nothing." I knew bel ore sho Epoke what her reply would he. I do not wonder, I thought, at your father refusing you nothing you ask of him. A more beautiful girl than Miss B-1 had seldom seeB, but she had what they call in Scotland " such a good face." lt was sincere, earnest, trusting, true. " And neither can I refuse you any- thing," I coutinued. " Yon ask me then for hope, I give it ; and I tell you that from all you have written about Frank's oase, ho is not in the lust stage of cousumption, by all means; therefore he may get well with care, for I om one of those who not only believe but know that con- sumption is curable. But the hope I am able to give you now rests princi- pally in an opinion of mine, that your intended husband is suffering iroin debility caused not entirely by the ill- ness he is being treated for ; that this debility is naturally making him ap- pear worse than he is, and that if it be removed or its cause be removed, which is the same thing, he will have a ten-timeB better chance of eventual- ly getting perfectly well." " I cannot sufficiently thank you," she said, the toars coming once more to her eyes, " nor reward you. We are poor. My father has only his half-pay." " So far as I am concerned that is neither here nor there," was my answer. " And, Frank," she went on, " has had to give up a lucrative situation in tho city." "I have one other question to ask," she resumed after a pause. "It is this : Do you believe in change of climate as a cure for con-for the illness dear Frank is suffering from ?" " In many cases it acts like a | charm," I replied. " Oh ! I'm so glad and happy," she exclaimed. Well, it would have seemed to any but a medical man a strange way to express happiness, for out came the handkerchief again. She was happy no doubt, hopefully happy, but the heart was big and full, and she was slightly hysterical or nervous withal. She explained that a relation of theirs had offered Frank a passage to Australia in a sailing ship, that he would leave him there for a time, and return for him and bring him back- well and strong she trusted-to his own country and to her. This was Miss B--*s dream of Joye and happiness, only there ia many a slip 'twixt the cup and ¿the lip. 6 I was not sorry now I had given 1 this innoeeut, loving girl the hope she had entreated me for-only 1 had some misgivings. But in this case L determined not to do tilings by halves, so I pulled a book from one of my shelves. " These words," I said, " are writ ten by a good authority. They refer to change of climate in causes of? phthisis. Shall I read them ?" " Do," she said. " The invalid," I read, *' leavings this couutrv for Australia, will gene- rally find * the long, uninterrupted voyage round the Cape of Good Hope in a comfortable ship, muco, to be pre- ferred to the more exciting and often* fatiguing route by Suez and Gaile. The bsät time for leaving England is from the middle of October to Decem- ber, when the new home will be reached in from 80 to 90 days. Thus,, supposing the traveller to arrive about the middle of February, he will find a» pale-blue, cloudless sky, with the~ thermometer about 90 deg. at noon,, but without any unpleasant sense of heat. With a feeling of new life,, general exhiliration, and a good appe- tite, he will experience a desire to be at work. The difficulty seems to b& to persuade the phthisical that they are not already entirely cured ; and that the general rules of hygeine must be adopted, and anything approachir.gr: to excess avoided, to prevent the pul- monary mischief from again starting, into activity, or to escape congestion of the liver, or that he may obtain and retaiu health and vigour." Tes, I had my misgivings; I was* raising hopes in the hearLof this poor girl that might 'after all be rudely shattered, and that soon. She listened' to every word I read with wrapt attention, with an eagerness indeed, that made me positively uneasy for the future of herself and the patient I bad not yet seen. Well, at least I did all for the best,, and I sent Miss B-to bed happy». The B's became not-far-off neigh- bours of ours soon after this, and 3^ had the satisfaction of making Frank's^ acquaintance, and of finding out that» I was right in my opinion of his case, " The mischief was not irremediable. A better supply of better blood would set up the healing process. The quiet and calm of the long sea-voyage and the purity of the ocean's breath would, quicken and invigorate,; Nature and. : warmth would do the rest, ! # # # . Away went Frank's ship, I felt sure that he would bear the voyage,, the first portion only of which would be, or might be, rough, if she (Miss B-) could bear the long separa- tion. She did not look over strong. He was going away with hope in his heart; that hope would tend to make hitn well. She remained behind with, hope inher's-a hope that I dreaded to think might one day be changed to despair. - I managed to ride over to Elm Tree Cottage about once a fortnight, and found Captain B-always the sam© -what is called " excellent company" -a genuine, genial gentleman, always hearty-a man of the world and an old soldier. Miss B-said Bise always longed for my visits. Over and over again did she make me describe to her ali the outs and ins and agrément of life* at sea in a sailing-ship during a> voyage round the Cape. «»What do you think?" she would often ask, " is Frank doiug just at present?" Then, before I could answer thia semi-childlike but anxious question» I would haye to make a tnentul calcu- lation of Frank's probable latitude and longitude, to get at the time of day in his quarter of the globe. After this, it was easy enough to fill in the picture. Well, Frank waB Bailing over tb.e wide ocean in reality, but Agnes ajriL 1 went with him ia a voyage of mind. * Together we crossed the world famed Bay of Biscay. We did not have a storm there, but the sea was rough, and the weather cold. The nights, too, were long and dark, and we spent the evening down below in the cozy little, well-lighted saloon,, and retired early to our state-rooms, and cots, to be rocked asleep in the; ^^aal« of the deep. We were i always plw iat eight bells, and OD deck, which ^had been Washed and scrubbed, and ^ was quickly drying white in the morn- ing suu^ We always gave a look up f: «loft where the sturdy sails were bel I lying out before the breeze, sometimes .giving a mighty flap or two, .which / ishowcd she was pretty close-hauled, and straightening out the sheets, till: : they looked like monster'cello strings, f ahd rattled the very belayiug-pins. ; ' But we soon got hungry, , and went ; below to a glorious breakfast, at which , we laughed and chatted immoderate- ly with the captain, who told us about all the wonders that were only waiting ito be wondered at as we went on our voyage to Australia. . We read books and wrote letters, and a log till luncheon, and what with one thing or another the day passed right cheerily till dianer-titne. . .It was quite an event with us when we got so far south that summer jlresseB had to be donned. Then one ^jP^^ehad a.peep at the peak of : Tenerme, and we called at Maderia ,and got ashore, and commenced won \- dering at once. . South and south titi we got into <the trades. How sparkling and bright /the sea was. The ship's docks were enow white, the very sails seemed bleached, the sailors got browner and ^Jollier- looking every day; down in i their mess they sang iu the evening < 'glorious old sea songs, with a lot oí « High r and " Ho !" : in them, or ¡ they gathered around the iocVl head, .abd smoked and yarned and laughed, ., r. Dolphins danced in the ship'« wake, Í w played about the bows¿ ship-jacks j^flew from wáve-top to wave-top, abd , now and then a solitary; whale wat ?'.6eeu, ploughing his way steadily and t*sn quite a business-like fash ion j nortb '.-'-or-s'ottth..' . ." -. - -'. ? But the wind fell at last, and wt í^got into the doldrums, rolling, glass? Mseas, fierce heat, blazing sun-light, melting pitch, that one's shoes toot : up and spotted the white decks with -awnings spread, puukahs constantlj going down in the cabin;-manufactur« .bf .cooling drinks, dt-odsy\lângoùr ahc listlessness,, but Hope with it all JSope that nothing could put down 01 ^extinguish.; 1 \- i*"- 'Then we are in thé sèuthi^easl Jf ^trades, and off and away again. / ^t'. ."We roughed it rather rpiiud th< \- jdape, then went stead ily eastward-ho . Every day now raised our hopes, *w< < ;werfr strong and well.' We/got into t 'Jgale of wind ; we defied it. W< ^^kughed itt the roaring wind, for th< . îow world was all before us. v. ^« Had ever we been; feeble, iii, ail v. " we asked ourselves, ' Ther< j^as some tradition in our minds t< ithat effect, but it must have been a «orne very remote period of our exïs ^bncei. Bah ! dismiss the recollection 'banish the thought ; who could thipl fcÜMr. dream of sickness. in this pleasant :eunshine, in this bounding, bappj v -«hip, en this glorious sea P 1 t-^. ^nd. so w« reached the far-off land ¡ owaà I had such a deal that was nev ¿¡td tell to Agnes about the towns o . í.^ífés,-.ànà life therein, and about t^ Í ^enery and curious. S,on and /fauna i that I was rapidly settling down int :". sa kind of an animate gazetteer, wbei '^e'daj^hurrab! the ^pösfc brough ' letter from Frank. , ''...V. I hadittoa^ad;. jt was .it,'' tender nope, descriptive of alljthe voyage out which was. not unlike what I hav jost . described, and frank's arrival ii i^AustraUa, ' There .was plenty of loV s 4a it,;and nlebty of ; tonging' fdr' ito n .^pjp^ ; time .when Agpes'should . .'J* ,^^%ti(Í9of Frank,'and Ihjeyl, çbouh ntioth settle down -. in ¡ < the i beautifu >«ountry he had cometo. .. -"7 -'7 Spmb monthf jyebt by^ tjhen ajap.the ? -AetíerHcame. ,".,w,.\\\:*t 'O.-.H.V.U -r;,Uq ^'Frtók was sttíiftitíg en| tiuX6ûg>rïô% ,$ge,'' m tb£ same sliíp ; they,;W^r ¿ping to, China, but would ; return Jt . Australia, when >after>!'it ' tíme'í ihe' would' sail' ©ucè 'ïnoté :iÔii |deir"'dl3 Bii^làhdV sto>re£. [,.'But thejbest:^ ä^,'the lejttèr was tue ¿ostscnjití. ^ «aid ; «« P.S.-Oh 1 by the : way I for got to tell you I-atnán -pBr^tíct health and really/enjoy my, life/' v; i Vi And now commences the sad pat <pf my story andris well J ahoulpC/b . Abrief. ". No more letters came.-'Month months and months wënt by, bu I neither his ship nor Frank was heard of. . . : She was a lost ship, and the insur- ance was paid on her. . What hope could I-^-a sailor-give to poor wretched Agnes B--? None, absolutely none : But I knew that in her heart and mind, twp feel- ings were struggling for, mastery, one was hope, the other despair. When she lost the former, the latter- would be j triumphant, and she would sink and ; die of a broken heart. I did not now go very often to Elm Tree Cottage ; I did not like to look upon Agnes as she was now, her young beauty slowly but surely fad- ing week by week.; Nearly a year went by, when one morning. X was sent for by Captain B-?.. I hasten- ed over. It was as I thought-Agnes was ill. I had no power to do much to save her. I prescribed nerve and other tonics, wine and extra nutrition and lastly a change to the Isle of Wight. .. When she went away south, I never expected to see her again. ; . But truth is stranger than fiction. It was just such another night as that on which :MissB-first came to my house, but rather later in the year. We were thinking of retiring, the door bell was rung not violently but sharply. ',. . In another minute Frank: himself .stood before.me. >.::. . I hardly knew him, he looked so hearty, brown aud strong. He gave me little time to ask questions ; before he himself became the interrogator. " Vt here is Agnes ?1 ífyny h as she bor ne it ? . Is she well I told .him all. : He would go at once, he said and see her. He bad already been at the cottage, but "found it «but up. ' He would do nothing of the sort I told biib. ' Í must go. And go I did, but Frank weut with me. He stayed at the hotel in the little , town ol S-:r-r,n till I hod seçn Agues and broken to her gradually the glorious .news of Frank's return. Not so gradually though as I had hoped to do. There was something in my face or manner I suppose, that made her suspect the. truth as soon as % commenced to talk about Frank. " Oh, he is come," she wed, hall frantic with hysterical delight, " he is come, be is here. Doctor, don't dem lt." . What more could I do,, but go and fetch Frank forthwith. '; When both she and he were calmer, sitting together, the four of ns, in the front parlour of the little cottage thej occupied, with the lust rays of sun light trembling over the sea, 'Franl told his ïtoïy,iiiB~auVôtrture«. It was a sad tale of. the sea, ol shipwreck and life among savages and of a ship that caine to the resew at last and brought away all that wen spared. It is too long to tell now Some day-guien mle ? Frank and Agnes have gone ,t< Australia. They are .settled there ; a \-- and both I believe are well and happy. 