3|oto mnv Whuctxons icr infant $#pii$m fci Passing on from the difficulties spoken of in last month's' article, let me advert to the teaching of our Church, as 1 believe it to be of the utmost importance that it should be clearly enunciated. Many persons, among whom, I am sorry to say, may be reckoned a large proportion of members of our own Church, have got into a loose way of confounding regeneration with conversion. Of course, to such persons, the baptism of infants must be a comparatively unimportant ceremony, and they are often at a loss to explain what benefit an infant really receives at its baptism. Eegeneration, being born again, is, however, something very different from conversion, and our Lord's words to Nicodemus (St. John iii. 6) are exceedingly significant on this head. After saying that, 'Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit he cannot enter into the Kingdom of God,' He emphasises this declaration, and explains His meaning by saying, ' That which is born of the flesh is flesh, and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.' Surely these words point to something different from a change of heart or mind. They indicate the neces sity of a change of state. 'Flesh, and blood,' says the Apostle, 'cannot .inherit the; kingdom of - God. ( But; says Jesus* v v'That which is born of the flesh, is flesh.' ' Marvel not, ''therefore, 'that I said unto, you, ye must be born again.' He, as we sing in our well-known Christmas hymn, was Born to raise the sons of earth, Born to givo them second birth. And in the words I have just quoted, He shows the necessity of its being conferred on unconscious infants just as much as on those who have come to years of discretion. In a book entitled Natural Lam in the Spiritual World, the necessity of this change is very aptly and forcibly illustrated. In a chapter on ' Biogenesis,' or the beginning of life, after referring to the long series of experiments which have led scientific men to abandon the theory of spontaneous generation, the author says: 'What essentially is involved in saying that there is no spontaneous generation of life ? It is meant that the passage from the mineral world to the plant or animal world is hermetically sealed on the mineral side. ... No change of substance, no modification of environment, no chemistry, no electricity, nor any form of energy, nor any evolution can endow any single atom of the mineral world with the attribute of life. Only by the bending down into this dead world of some living form can these dead atoms be gifted with the properties of vitality ; without this preliminary contact with life they remain fixed in the inorganic sphere for ever. . . . The physical laws may explain the inorganic world ; the biological laws may account for the develop ment of the organic. But of the point where they meet, of that strange borderland between the dead and the living, science is silent. It is as if God had placed everything in heaven and earth in the hands of nature, but reserved a point at the genesis of life for His direct appearing.' After dwelling a little on this great and startling gulf, he says : ?' Where, now, in the spiritual spheres shall we meet a companion phenomenon like to this ? What in the unseen shall be likened to this deep, dividing line, or where in human experience is another barrier which can never be crossed f There is such a barrier. In the dim, but not inadequate, vision of the spiritual world presented in the Word of God the first thing that strikes the eye is a great gulf fixed. The passage from the natural world to the spiritual world is hermetically sealed on the natural side. The door from the inorganic to the organic is shut ; no mineral can open it. So the door from the natural to the spiritual is shut, and no man can open it. ... No organic change, no modifica tion of environment, no mental energy, no mortal effort, no evolution of character, no progress of civilisation can endow any single human soul with the attribute of spiritual life. The spiritual world is ; guarded from the world next in order beneath it by a law of bio ! genesis, except a man he born again. . . . Except a man be born ! of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter the kingdom of God. ... His admission is a scientific impossibility. Except a mineral be born 'from above'— from the kingdom just above it— it cannot enter the kingdom just above it ; and except a man be born from, above, by the same law, he cannot enter the kingdom just above him. . . . Not only in his relation to the spiritual man, but to the whole spiritual world, the natural man is regarded as dead. He is as a crystal to an organism. The natural world is to the spiritual as the inorganic to the organic.' This testimony to the necessity of the new birth for infants equally as for adults is very striking ; and all the more so because the author of the book I have quoted from seems to have only the case of adults in 'his mind, and evidently confounds regeneration with con version. In the services of our Church, however, taking the words used in their plain and ordinary sense, there is no such confusion. Every baptised infant is distinctly held to be regenerate, or born again, and the time of its baptism is held to mark the beginning of its spiritual life. A few instances will suffice to show this — (a) In the service for public baptism of infants these words occur : ' Seeing now . . . that this child is regenerate, and grafted into the body of Christ's Church, let us give thanks unto Almighty God for these benefits, and with one accord make our prayers unto Him that this child may lead the rest of his life according to this beginning' — this beginning, i.e., of the spiritual life. (&) In the service for private baptism of infants the minister, when receiving into the Church a child already baptised, is instructed to say : ' I certify you that in this case all is well done, and according unto due order, concerning the baptising of this child, who, being born in original sin, and in the wrath of God, is now, by the laver of Eegeneration in Baptism, received into the number of the children of God, and heirs of ever lasting life.' (c) In the Confirmation Service the Bishop says : ' Almighty God, who hast vouchsafed to regenerate these Thy ser vants by water and the Holy Ghost, and hast given unto them for giveness of all their sins; strengthen them,' &c.;, &c.; It is quite evident that our Church teaches us to take God at His Word, and to believe that when in the use of the appointed means we have prayed that our infants may have life from above conferred upon them by the Lord and Life Giver, even the Holy Ghost. He has done what we have asked, and that as first they experienced a natural birth, so in baptism they have experienced a spiritual one. If they die as infants after baptism we have full assurance that they ' die in the Lord,' and if they live they can be trained from the first as God's children and heirs of heaven. But conversion — the conscious giving of the heart to God — cannot be experienced by infants ; it is some thing quite distinct from regeneration. Let me now refer to another form of service, viz. — ' The ministration of baptism to such as are of riper years, and able to answer for themselves.' Such persons, it must be taken for granted, have been converted, and you will probably admit that a large proportion of them have really been so. If, then, conversion and regeneration mean the same thing, why should they be baptised ? Some would say : As a sign of their faith. But could they not openly profess their faith in some other way ? To this some would say : Oh, but our Lord commanded that His disciples should be baptised 1 Why did He do so ? What good does baptism do them ? If it can safely be dispensed with in the case of infants, what is the necessity for it in the case of adults ? I confess I fail to Bee any, But if, we believe that baptism is not a mere sign, but that in that holy sacrament a distinct grace is con ferred, we have a sound answer to give to all such objections. Fort a proof that the Bible teaches this, we may refer to the cases of \ St. Paul and Cornelius, who, even after miraculous conversion, received baptism, and our Church evidently believes and teaches the same thing. See, for instance, the exhortation to the service for adult baptism, where the congregation are reminded that ' that \ which is born of the flesh is flesh ; that they that are in the flesh \ cannot please God ; that our Saviour Christ saith : None can enter \ into the kingdom of God except he be regenerate, and born anew of \ water and of the Holy Ghost,' and are then asked to call upon God \ to grant to those about to be baptised ' that which by nature they \ cannot have. ' Here is a sound reason why baptism is necessary for \ all, whether infants or adults. In that sacrament the Lord and \ Life-giver bestows spiritual life and raises men from the mere ^ natural or animal kingdom to one which is above it — even the kingdom of heaven. 