" CHILDREN OF MART " NOT DISCIPLES OF CHRIST. Of our Lord and Saviour, Jesus Christ the Apostle Peter says " neither is, their salvation in any other, for there is no other name under heaven given among men, wnereoy we must be saved." Hut the Papal Church which professes to be founded upon Peter, and whose "in fallible " Pope professes to be St. Peter's successor, contradicts St. Peter's own words, by declaring there is salvation in others, by saints and especially by the Blessed Virgin. To shew how the worship, of " the Queen of Heaven " inculcated by the Roman Catholic Church the Monthly Record of the Protestant Evangelical Mission copies a "Psalm," a "Prayer," and . a " Canticle " from the Spiritual Garland or manual of the children of our Immaculate, Lady, published by James Duffy and, Son, who hold testimonials from the. Pope. As a specimen, Psalm xciv. is. rendered thus : — " Come, devout souls, and let us raise up our hearts to Mary : let us salute with jubilee the Virgin our protectress. Before the daystar let us present our selves joyful in her sight: and let us exalt her glories with joyful canticles. Come, let us worship her, prostrate at her feet: and with tears of grief let us implore pardon for our sins. Ah Lady, implore for us remission of our crimes: he thou our advocate at the divine tribunal. Receive our souls at the termination of our days : and conduct us to the kingdom of eternal peace. Glory be the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost. As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be, world without end. Amen." The following prayer is copied from page 69:— . . .. " Remember, O most pious Virgin, that it has never been heard throughout all time, that they who had recourse to thy patronage, and implored thy intercession, were abandoned . by thee. Encouraged by that recollection, I now come to thee. O dear Mother. Virgin of virgins, I present myself a suppliant before thee, in tears and groans. O, then, Mother of the Word, despise not my petition, but be propitious and hear me. Amen." St. Bonaventure's Canticle to the Blessed Virgin is copied from page 52, and is as follows : — " We praise thee, 0 Mary, for thou art the Mother of God : reverently do we worship thy prerogatives. of Virgin and Mother. ... Before thee the. whole earth is pros trate : for thou art the august daughter of the Eternal Father. , To thee the angels and archangels, ;to thee the thrones and principalities, render profound homage. . To- thee all the powers and celestial \- virtues, to thee all the 'dominations, give venerable obedience. , - ; : . . ; The choirs of the angels, the cherubim ; and seraphim, assist exulting before thy throne. , . ,r. Every, angelic creature tunes itsimelo- , diouS;yoice to thy honour, ever singing. to thee : . - Blessed, blessed, Mossed art ; thou, >0 Mary, Mother of God, Mother and Virgin. : . The Heavens and the Earth; are 'filled with,, thy .majesty and .glory :. with the adorable fruit of !tky chaste bosom.; ; . j , ; .Thee; the glorious choir..; of the,, holy apostles; exaltetb, as .Mother of their .Creator. , ; PfThee the whiteirohed host of Martyrs j glorifieth : ffor; thou art she:. .who Midst bring;, forth ;Ch.rist, the Immaculate Lamb. ;- ;Thee the; inus3riou8;hancl of . confessors ; celebratetii .; ..saluting thee ; the. , living temple, of , the Holy Trinity., . , ; . d . Thee, tbe:; ecstatic choir.of virgins laud, as the faultless, exam pier of vireinity and humility. Thee the whole Heavenly. court honour- eth and veneratoth as its Queen; Thee,, throughout the universe, holy Church doth glorify, proclaiming thee : August . Mother ; of Divine . Majesty, Venerable Mother, who gave to light .the Eing of Heaven."?', Mother, who art holy, sweet, and clement. . .. ; Thou art, the Sovereign Queen ofangels : thou art the Gate of Paradise. ; , Thou art the ladder to the celestial .kingdom : thou art the way to eternal life. Thou art the chamber of the : Divine Spouse : thou art the precious ark of piety and grace. . . . , , Thou art the source of mercy : thou;art . the Spouse and; Mother of the Eing of ages-,5.3.Kku!vil , Thou art the Temple and, Sanctuary; of the Holy Ghost : thou art the; Tabernacle of the Most August Triad. Thou art the great Mediatrix, between God and men : thou art to us the amiable dispensatrix of celestial lights. : Thou art the strength of combatants, the pious advocate of the poor, the Refuge of sinners. . , _ Thou art the distributor of supernal gifts : thou art the invincible conqueror and terror of demons. Thou art the Mistress of the world, the Queen of Heaven; thou, after God, art our only hope. Thou art the salvation of those who invoke thee, the haven of the shipwrecked, the consoler of the afflicted, the asylum of the dying. Thou art Mother of all the elect, in whom, after God, they find all their joy : thou art the consoler of all the blessed denizens of Heaven. Thou dost raise the just to glory, tliou bringeBt back the wanderer to the fold : thou art she who wast promised by. God to the Patriarchs. . > Though wert the light of truth to the Prophets, the handmaid of wisdom to the Apostles, and instructress to the Evan- .gelists. Thou wert the source of intrepidity to Martyrs, the exemplar of all virtues to the Confessors, the adornment and joy of Virgins. Thou, to save exiled mortals from eternal death, ddmiciled the Divine Son in thy chaste womb. Through thee was the ancient serpent crushed : through thee the eternal king dom was re-opened to man. Thou, with thy Divine Son, art en throned in Heaven : at the Father's right hand. Ah ! Virgin Mother, supplicate thy Divine Son for us : that Son who is to come as our Judge. We, thy servants, implore thine aid — we who have been ransomed by the blood of thy Son. Govern us by thy holy council, and guide us to eternal beatitude. Throughout all time, O pious Mother, will we give thee praise. With soul and voice we long to sing .thy glories in blissful eternity. Deign, O Mary, sweetest Mother, to guard us now and evermore from sin. Have pity on us, O good Mother, have pity on us. Let thy great mercy operate in us, for in thee, great Virgin Mary, is our hope. Yes, in thee we hope, O Mary, be- nignest Mother: be thou our safeguard for ever. Praise and empire be to thee, O Mary : to thee be glory and thanksgiving for ever and ever. Amen." Mary is here declared to be the great mediatrix between God and man, and to be the Mother of God. What awful blasphemy! All the glory, praise, and honour due alone to Christ the Lord, are ascribed to- her, until little glory and honour is left for Him, into whose hands all power has been committed. Roman Catholicism is not Christianity, but is mariolatry pure and simple, — merely a modern and more refined phase of the old pagan worship of the Queen of Heaven, while the numerous deities and demigods of paganism have been dispossessed by the numerous saints which she elevates every few years. 