OUR NOVEL. A STERN CHASE. ?-* A STORY IN THREE PARTS. BY MRS. CASHEL-HOEY. " A stern chase is a long chase " THE THIRD PART. INTRODUCED BY MR. DEXTER. CHAPTER V. Breakfast was always a pleasai meal at the Quinces. The suu shoe into the bright, pretty diuing-roon from which JLiiias, with the dismal rt coi lection of Harley street before bei had carefully excluded the ponderou furniture, the hideous carpet, and th melancholy hangings that used to b regarded as the correct attribute of ai apartment in which people were to ea and drink. The windows looked ou on the lawn, where a multitude o birds, daily pensioners of the Quinces were busily engaged in clearing of several little heaps of food which wen put down for them regularly everj morning. Order, very curious to note attended this observance. Shortlj after the baskets of food had beet emptied, a flapping of wings would bc heard, and the rooks from two rook, eries at a considerable distance, woulc arrive. While these early birds were breakfasting the smaller legions would muster, discreetly alighting on thc grass at a respectful distance, and twittering in the trees, until the shin, ing black company rose and flapped away homewards again, with tit-bite in their beaks for domestic consump- tion, when they would set-to upon thc scattered provender with delighted chirpings and rustlings. And then, how good it was to hear their shrill pipings, and occasionally a glorious burst of song from some hilarious feathered creature with more leisure than its neighbours to give thanks for its breakfast. Lilias loved to preside unheeded over her daily dole to the birds. On the morniug after the play, the party assembled at breakfast was even more cheerful than usual, for sot only was there the usual pleasant discussion of plans for the day, but Dolores bad a real good opportunity of expressing her feelings about Portia and Shylock. Colonel and Mrs. Courtland, and even Aunt Lilias her- self, had all been so unaccountably and inconsiderately tired on the pre* vious night, that there was no getting to say one half ; she wanted. If Julian could have only come home with them ! He was quite as much pleased with the play as she had been, and : they might have talked it over so de " lightfully. Nobody was tired this morning, however, and there was sunshine in side and out for Dolores and a pleasant day in prospect, and Julian was coming &\- to. dinner. Colonel Courtland followed the multitude in the matter of reading his ? favourite newspaper at breakfast, ¿ but there are many ways of reading a $ newspaper-some of them excessively %- aggravating to the beholder-and the I Coloners was an amiable and inoffen* i; sive way. He was open to be diverted from the leading article or even from the telegraphic nèws ; he was even capable of spontaneous inattention, : and consciousness of the presence of other persons ; he did not mind being [ asked whether " there is anything in" ¡ I tho paper, by a lady who couldn't be ] troubled to glance at the epitome of the history of the world for herself, t_ . and he never upset his tea-cup in the ardour of his-interest in anything. On the present occasion he was about equally divided between the burning question of the day, which would be f to- morrow the white ashes of yester I day, and the animated discussion over Iv the play at the Lyceum Theatre. The ladies were ail agreed on its merits ; : but DoloreB waa naturally the most enthusiastic of the three. " And so you would not mind going to see the same play agaiu this evening }' -eh, Doloies?" said Colonel Court». land, as he filially laid aside his new paper. " Indeed I should not," answere Dolores; "or to-morrow evening, an on Wednesday, and-no, not Thun day, because we are going to Mn Donne's dance; but on Friday-u( no ; you need not shake your head, know it would take much more than week to convince me that 1 had see enough of Shylock and Portia." " Ah well,4' said the Colonel as h poured out some cream for a remark ably handsome and elegant cat, know; as " The Masher," it's a fine thing t be young. It makes all the difference.' " I never enjoyed a play so much ii my life ; did you, Aunt Lilias ?" " Not for a great many years, cer tain ly," said Lilias with a grave smile "Even though I had read itali, an< knew that it comes right in the end, was quite wild with anxiety while tba beautiful Portia was in suspense. I must be a dreadful thing to be kept it suspense. Aunt Lilias, I really almos persuaded myself that Bassauio inigk choose the wrong casket." " That is just what it was the actor'j purpose^to make you feel, my dear,' said the Colonel, "And I have nc doubt, so pretty and artless a tribut* wouid please even those great artists.* " Supposing he had-if it was all real, I mean,'* said Dolores, with a i thoughtful look, " I wonder what ! would have happened to Portia ?" "Ah now," said Mrs. Courtland, " you have struck out an original vein i of Shakespearean speculation. I don't think any body bas ever thought ol that before. It would have been very bad for Bassanio, but Portia would, no doubt, have made a much better match, if, as you say, it was all real." " Oh, Mrs. Courtland, bow can you say so ! I am sure Portia would either have died on the spot,, or given up everything and married Bassanio. And I'm sure Aunt Lilias thinks so, too !" "I would not ' put it past' Aunt Lilias and somebody-else also to think so," said Mrs. Courtland with a sly little smile, and a glance which in- cluded her husband in its kindly fun ; " but you forget that poor Bassanio could hardly afford to settle it in that way. No, Dolores ; I think, if it was real, Portia would have had to get over it.4' The subject was discussed for a few minutés longer, to the amusement of the Colonel, but unheeded by Lilias, to whom a servant had brought a note with an intimation that the bearer was to. wait for an answer. " From Air. Dexter," said Lilias, and then, she perceived ? the word " Private " above the few lines which the note contained. She read those lines with a slight change of colour, and, excusing herself to Mrs. Court land, left the room. Miss Merivale did not return to the breakfast table. Dolores went off to preparé for . a. ride in the Colonel's company ; and Mrs. Courtland betook herself to her own sitting-room, where she invariably remained invisible un- til the hour of luncheon. Dolores had run into her aunt's room in her riding-dress to say a gay good-bye, according to custom, and had flitted away without an idea that Lilias was disturbed about anything. I Lilias watched the riders pacing sober 1 ly down the avenue with a parting I Salute of envious oarks, from the little dog left at home to the fine grey- hound, jDombey, who condescended to accomodate his speed to that of the inferior animal mounted by his beloved mistress, and then she seated herself at the window which commanded the avenue-to wait. There was a shadow upon the faee of Lilias, so calm and untroubled of late . The long-laid ghost of the past had risen before ber ; the long-hushed echo of the old wailing had once more come to her ear ; tho long-healed wound was beginning to ache with a revival of the former pain Her hands lay in her lap ; a twisted paper ivas pressed between their palms ; her thoughts were back in the years that were gone, but-it might be-not done with even yet, and fear, always easily aroused by the unexpected, in those who have suffered much, had taken j hold of her. " That man," she said to herself over and over again ; it must be that i man ! Mr. Dexter did not Bee him, j and even if be had seen bim, be wpul not recognise him after all these year What brings him here î ' The ii terests of Miss Boss lyn !' " S! twisted the paper impatiently betwcc her fingers. " What has he to d with her ? Oh, my darling, is sorro coming to us ? I look at our positio from all sides, and I can see none o which it ÍB not guarded ; and yet m heart fails me, and something that cannot resist tells me this i u ter vie will have some great meaning to me. Soe smoothed out the twisted pape and read Mr. Dexter's written word once more. "I am requested by a gentlemar. who waB closely counected with certai iucidents in the life sf Mr. Hugh ROSE lyn, to ask you, in the interests of Mis Rosslyn, to give bim an interview He prefers to tell you himself wha his name is, and' what are the circum stances that has led him to addres this request to me. I must, however add that he bas full; explained bim self to me in my double capacity o your legal adviser and your old friend and tbat I strongly advise you to sei him at once, and.alone. Immediately ou my receipt of your favourable an swer-for wbich the gentleman wil wait at my ofnce¿ where be now is-ht will go to The Quinces." "lit must be Willesden," though) Lilias ; " in good clothes he would bar« looked like a gentleman." The time seemed long to Lilias, foi all ber dread of what it was to bring, and yet she started from her seat al the sound of wheels upon the avenue. A hansom drew up at tbe porch, and j a niau alighted from it, so quickly i that she could not see what he wae like, She heard tb« hall door opened ; and closed, and then .she waited until ber visitor was announced as "a gentleman from Mr. Dexter's." She passed by a:îong glass- near the door of her room, and caught sight of a very pale face in it ; but rallying her courage she descended the stairs quick- ly, entered the drawing-room, and found herself in the presence of a dis- tinguished- looking wan of middle-age, wbo was an entire stranger to her. Lilias had so completely persuaded herself that she was about to see James Willesden, that tbe surprise of meet- ing a person totally .unknown to her instead, overthrew the self-command which she had summoned up for a different einergereney. Sbe faltered and stood «till, deadly pale, and with- out an attempt to speak. ; " Miss Merivale," èaid tbe straBger, hurriedly approaching ber, *' you are ill-frightened. "I beg your pardon a thousand times, If I am the cause, of this. Let me explain in as few words as possible.'* He brought a chair for her, aud she seated herself, lookiug up at him dumbly. " I could not have thought you would be so much upset after so many years. I saw you at the Lyceum last night ; I was in a box with Mr. Dexter,, and I asked him about you. Wheo he told me you were the step-Vl¿üghfer ©tithe late Dr. Hosslyu, and that tbe young lady with you was bis graud-cbild, I felt a great desire to make your acquaintance, and I ventured to ask hun to introduce me to you." r : He paused in "some embarrass- ment. " Yes," said Lilias faintly, " I fear I've horribly mismanaged a very simple thing," he continued ; " presently I will explain how I came to do it. The fact is, I knew your brother, very well, a great many .years ago, in Cuba. My name is Rodney." " Rodney ? They told us you were dead !" " So I have learned from Mr. Dex- ter, and that is another strong reason for my asking to be allowed to see i you. It is very strange that such a statement should have been made un- j der the circumstances of wbich Mr. Dexter has informed me, witb wonder- ful clearness and recollection for so [ old a man, but not so fully as I ven 1 ture to hope you will relate them to me. There must have been some strong reason for the mystification which was practised,' I understand, upon an agent of Dr. Rosslyn's for more than one person at Santiago could have told tbe agenlf not only that I was alive, but where I was, and what I was doing. .Now, even after all this lapse of time,-! mean to find out what that reason was." , He baot gone on with a~.sort of fluent coolness, for the purpose of allowing Lilias to recover her com- posure, wondering, indeed, that she should stand in need of such considera- tion, and thinking : " What a heart this woman tnusl have, thus to feel about her brother who bas been dead nearly twenty years !" But he now perceived that what he said was making no impression upon her. Lilias had not been able to follow him beyond the words : " I knew your brother very well a great many years ago in Cuba. My name is Kodney." It had all come back-the misery, the suspense, and the horrid cer- tainty. And now the thing she had so often longed for with the painful intensity of absolute hopelessness, had come to pass ; she was face to- face with one who, if the memory of. those long past years would serve, could tell her many things which she .still longed to know, for instance, ali about the old home of Ines and her parents. That Mr. Rodney's memory would serve him in this respect was probable, for, were it otherwise, why should he have cared to see üugh's sister, or been touched at the sight of Hugh's child? It was with all this her swift, con- fused thoughts were busy white Kodney was speaking, and she was not alive to the point that he was making of the lie cir- cumstantial which had been told about him to Mr. Walter Ritchie. When he perceived this, he adapted himself to the direction of her thoughts, and began to speak of the old, old days of the studio in the Calle de Santa Rosa, and the brief but ardent friendship that had subsisted between himself and Hugh Rosslyn. " After I heard, at New York, from Wharton, the captain of the ship in which they got off," continued Kodney -** he's in town now, and will be much interested in hearing of you that everything had gone, right, and they had been married at Kingston, Jamaica, I wondered at intervals, for a long time, that Í had no news of Rosslyn and his wife. I fear I began to impute this to the ordinary negli- gence, indifference, and selfishness of mankind." . ^ ? : ii » ? Lilias remarked that Mr. Rodney did not use the word "ingratitude'," and she noted the delicacy of the omis- sion. " Our talks had been chiefly on art topics or respecting the place we were in ; he had always been reticent about his home and relations-with one ex- ception-Rodin y pointed the compli- ment with a very expressive look "and although I did entertain uh idea ol writing to ' Dr. Rosslyn, London,' to enquire what had become of his son, 1 was restrained from doing so by many feelings ; now I suspect that the head and front of them was indolence, I had a long illness, followed % a. spell of ill luck, and then I went to Mexico and many other parts o£ the earth and it I did not altogether forget Rosslyn, his beautiful wife, the queer story of the elopement, and my occult share m it, I ceased to think of them, ïou would «ot care for tho iiistory of twenty years of the life of a special correspondent, Miss Merivale, even if I could relate it, and I need only say that five years elapsed before I again met Paul Wharton. I distinctly re- member that we talked of the adven- ture at Santiago, and that Wharton also expressed surprise and disappoint- ment at hearing nothing of the young pair ho bad befriended. 1 don't think it occurred to either of us that Rosslyn migh t , be dead ; we agreed that he was ail right, in the lap of Britannic luxury and content, and from hence- forth I rarely thought of Rosslyn, except when I wrote the address of the studio which he and I had . shared upon my few-and-far-between letters to Don Oauiterio de Turras. " There is an English side to my family, I had not se n it for several years. I had just made up my mind to came to England, when one of my uncles died, and left me a small pro- perty. I was bound to look after it, aud il so happened that Wharton was also coming to Europe with his wife and daughter. We nave been in Lon- don only three days, and last evening, at the Lyceum Theatre, I was struck, ! firstly by the foreign look of theyouug lady in the box opposite Mrs. Whart- -" on's, and secondly by something, in it that set my memory straggling over & vague reminiscence. I was a long time making it out but I found it at last, and all about Kosslyn came back to my mind. You will readily believe^ tuat I listened with great interest to- . Mr. Dexter's history of the sad fate of the lovely girl, whom we used to call ' Fair Ines.' I think I should, in any case, have ventured to introduce my- self to you, on learning that tbe young; lady whose face I seemed to know was Miss Rosslyn, but when I heard that the agent sent out to Santiago had. been deceived with such statements as. < that Doña lues was iu a convent, and that I was dead, and that no com- munication between Miss Rosslyn and ber mother's family existed, I felt tbe matter wanted looking into notwith- standing the lapse of time." " We do not even know whether any of them are living," said Lilias,, who had now recovered her composure.. ".Information ought to be procur- ed," said Rodney, " iu the pecuniary interests of Mibs Rosslyn. Her mother was entitled to a considerable fortune on the death of Doña Modesta de Rodas, Don Saturnino's first wife, and. this, of course, ought to be claimed on: behalf of Miss Rosslyn. One of the most puzzling points in tbe curious history is why Mrs. Rosslyn, being aware of her right to this money, asX happen to knew she was, allowed her- self' to be reduced to such straits as Mr. Dexter told me of ; why she did. not place the matter in the hands of some lawyer here-she could easily have got one to take it up ; and why did she not make her way back to Cuba with her child, when her scound- relly second husband deserted her?"" " I cannot offer any explanation or even suggestion concerning her," said. Lilias, the idle tears rising in ber eyes at the recollection of the lonely never-to-be-interpreted life of poor Hugh's ** dream of loveliness," Then she briefly related the. inci« 4 dents connected with the convalescent-* cottage, and added that not a paper had been found belonging to Mrs.. Willesden which could throw any ! light upon her past, while those which had been sold to herself. by James Willesden were- formal j me II ts relative to the marriage that, hatlhisted, for so brief á span. r,To j all this Mr. Rodney listened with curionsly close attention, and after I wards asked Lilias .whether, now that stye, knew that Ines would only haye tb take' legal proceeding to get her fortune, she (Lilias) could account for such a man as Willesden refraining from claiming that property ? She professed herself quite unable to de ¡ vise any reason that could-' have in- duced him to do so, but added : . " Perhaps lie did not know any ! thing about the money ; it may be that Ines did - not know that she had. any rights that could be enforced from.' ¡ tingland ; that she believed all to be lost, and never said anything at all to Willesden on the subject." j Ibis . answer seemed to impress. Rodney seriously. He repeated it to I himself in the exact words of Lilias,. I adding, " This looks very; bad--cruel: and bad." j " Have-you any interpretation ia your own mind, Mr. Rodney," asked. Lilias, fixing a sad questioning gaze upon hint.' ' " You- took as if you. hud." . , *' I am groping after one, Mira Meri- vale, but it is tar away and very* dim. You must forgive me if I do not im-~ part it to you until it is nearer and not PO dim ; its seems almost absurd to myself who knew all the persons concerned, and to you it would seem, simply unreasonable and Billy. Tell me, however, if you can, whether this man, Willesden, referred to his wife's, former home, her family, or the sub-' ject of a fortune at ali ? " ? Lilias smiled slightly. 9 " I smile," she said, " at the idea, «g that the poor man who brought me. Dolores bad any notion of a possible* fortuue anywhere, to be secured at no matter what risk! He was little above a tramp, though there was something in his appearance that carried au assurance that he had seen better dayB. "And he did not say, anything of; his wife's knowledge of her claim to a. j share of her father's property P" 