GUINEA. PIGS. Mr. Thomas Skinner tells us, m the preface to his " Directory of Directors for 1886," just published, that while the previous issue containes the names of .9,800, directors, the total now given is, 10,400; and that against 800 who fell out of the ranks there is an accession of 1,400' new: names. - Whether the new men are also better men, time only can prove, but a casual glance at Mr. Skinner's .useful compilation j shows us all the familiar old faces of" real guinea pig?,. Pender, ex-M.P.,is still there with his fourteen directorships; ,, Mr. LukeJ Bishop's ! seats have grown from thirteen: to, fifteen. s His forte is. Ice Compahies,\of which he directs no fewer than ! five.; The rest are Tramway and Hotel—Companies, not to forget . a Discount and. . Railway Company. He runs Mr. J.. W.. Batten, with sixteen directorships, very close. Next in order follow Sir D. G^och, Bart., M,P., with fourteen, Mr. : J. W. Maclure, D.L. and J.P., and Mr. R. Young, shipowner, with thirteen,- The £ame number of seats is held by Mr.,C. Schiff, of Enlanger and . Co., foreign bankers, and as the concerns he directs are all 'foreign undertakings, he might be a Useful member of the respective boards, provided he could spare the time to properly attend to all in addition to his own business, which appiears unlikely.' There are three twlevepounders—Messrs. E. ; M. Underdown, barrister. Henry Nelson, J.P., J. Goodaoa, D.L. and J. P. Next follow Sir James Anderson, Sir C. L. Young, Bart., the Marquis of Tweedale, Mr. Jj S. Forbes, arid Mr. C. E. Lewis, M.P., with eleven'seats each. There are no fewer. than eleven directors in the .receipt of fees from ten companies each, amongst whom figure' Sir H. Tyler, Lord Claud Hamilton, &e;,. while the number of men -holding: from, six to eight seats is legion. I have already strongly expressed . myself on the inconveniences of this system. Even if these directors were f hard working, industrious men, they would hoc be able to do justice to all these undertakings, but their industry is mostly confined to pockeiting fees. Thus the direction of the. companies is left in the hands of managers and secretaries, who often enough plays duck and drakes with the shareholders' money. The guinea pig is a sham and a fraud, and the sooner he is disestablished the better it wil be for the investors. His name is used by the promoter of a company as that of a man, of position and influence to attract subscriptions for shares, and the concern is then saddled with him for years,, even though he totally neglects his^ duties. — Truth.. , A CuBiorrs IRISH SUPEKSTITIOIT.—A very slTange transaction occurred, though not the first of its kind, in the Roman Catholic cemetery iu A.nsonia, near New Haven, last month. Four respectable Irishwomen halted at a newly made grave. They were elderly women, and seemed to be worn by grief and watching. They waited a few minutes, while two stalwart men with shovels woiked away diligently, 'to reopen the grave. The tears ran down their cheeks when the men reached the rough box which enclosed a casket aud the remains of a young and beautiful girl—the daughter of one of the four weeping women. The box was raised from the grave and placed, at one side on tlie< ground. Then the lid was removed. The mother and her companions looked on a moment-, and thea recovering from their grief went • swiftly to work and searched and examined the corpse from head to foot. Through the hair and abroad and the feet covering wetifc 'HSieir busy fingers. Then one of the women took a needle and thread, and where pins, had been removed stitches were taken, care being had that no knots were tied ia the thread. - After the operation was concluded ^ the women signalled to the men that the coffin was again to be interred. After the grave was filled the little procession wended its way homeward. These proceedings were in consequence of a superstition that if a corpse is buried upon which are strings tied with knots, or pins used to keep the grave clothes or shrouds in place, tbe soul can never enter heaven, but must walk until the pins are removed and the knots untied. One of the four women said that for two nights she had j been troubled by the ghost of the dead girl who kept appearing .to _ her and wishing relief. From this reason they searched the grave clothes to remove what they considered the only thing that |kept the spirit of the poor girl from heavenly happiness. " Now," she said. " that the duty is, done to the dead, the living are all happy, and all will be peace." 