THE BELT FRAUDS. RICHARD BELTS STRANGE CAREER. [From our London Correspondent.] London, March 19, 1886. If the extraordinary story of the career of the young sculptor Richard Belt, who was Last week sentenced to a year's imprisonment for fraud, could be narrated by the practised and of some well-known writer of fiction (-say James Payn or Mrs. Oliphant), it would form a romance as enthralling and successful as was ever circulated by Mr. Mudie. The son of poor parents, Belt might have lived and died unknown—or at best become a mural decorator —but for the kindness of a wealthy benefactor, who, believing he saw unusual promise in the boy, found him the ways and mt-Ts to study art under famous sculptors. Ae a youth Belt unquestionably achieved considerable .success, hat he was never popular with his brother students. Tncy declared he lacked the true artistic instinct — moreover, that he hai a vulirar mind. To the rich and influential his manners were so suave and impresseux to merit the desiccation "slimy;" whereas to poor or unsuccessful omrades he was contemptuously familiar. Outside the profession, however, Belt made plenty of friends—indeed, he assiduously cultivated aU who could possibly be of any nse to him. Generally speaking people at first disliked the young man. but he could almost alwayb conquer such initial im* pressions when he chose, and over easy-going folks obtained a surprising bold. In a very few years Belt became the pet of B<d gmvian drawing-rooms and a f.moui and busy sculptor. Lawes had been a fr Uow-student of Belt, and for a time his friend, but (according to his own account) he found the man out to be a " cad," and toey quarrelled. After that Lawes publicly called Belt a charlatan and a low-minded be-ist. The artist fraternity from thence seemed to make a a dead set at young Belt: no wielder of brash, pencil, or chisel havir.g a good word for hira. Then came the gre.it litel cue Belt was forced to bring in order to dear himself of Lawes's accuf ation, that he fraudulently palmed off the work of Mr. Ver Heyden and others as his own. Despite llie expert evidence of Sir Frederick Leighton and utke-r famous artists wl.o ptonouncf d against him to a mtn, the your.g Eculj.tor pulled through this c?se trium phantly ; a capital bust which he moddled in cl:*y under the eyes of the court effectively evidencing that he at least possessed some pro fessional ability. The truth of course wa*s Lawes went too far. Had he confiaed himself to the mere statement that Belt was an indifferentarti:*t wh<i?ii "ghosts"did more of hit work than was legiii'ii-ite no acrion -could ha vebeen brought. V/hen Belt left the law c urts in ISS2 with his artistic character and protessioral reputation completely reestab lished, nnd a verdict carrying £5,000 damages in hu: -pocket, it was naturally prophesied that a long and -sncceesful career lay before him. (in the other hand Lawes and his solicitor, Mr. Geo. Lewis, solemnly vowed Belt's very su; cess should be bis ruin. And eo it proved. From court to court they carried the case until tbe verdict was finally confirmed; then Lawes went into bankruptcy. Sir John Lawes (father of the defendant in Belt v. Laves) is a Cot-sup, and backed up his son throcghout till thi*- point, when it was arranged between tbem tfae latter ehould go into the bankruptcy court. Young Lawes tben pleaded he was penniless, quite depen dent on bis father for everything. Thus Belt was baulked of his rights and reduced to beg gary. The papers proniunced it a scurvy business, and so 1 still think it was. Sir Jobn Lawes aud his son plead that any tactics were justifiable acting ag.-tiust such a scoundrel, and some ]*eople may now fe*=l inclined to agree with them. I car not. Poverty is a terrible incentive to over-sharpness, especially with such a man as Belt, who possesses a gr<-d deal of natural cunning and natural duplicity. But for "Belt v. Lawes" plung ing him in hopeless money difficulties we should probably never bave heard of this Abdy business. I attach hereto Mr. Lucy's somewhat prejudiced account of the case, pub lished in the JOaily A rcics. It is in many respects not altogether just to Richard Belt. I believe, indeed, any other man would have bsen ac quitted. The entire cafe bangs on tfae almost unsupported evidence of Sir William Abdy. It was Sir Charles Russell's masterly pro secution and Mr. Justice Stephens's sum ming-up which secured the conviction. The judge thought both the Belt frauds, ar.d practically told the jury eo. He was, indeed, as much against the sculptor as Mr. Justif-e Huddlestone in the libel eas>> was for him. B?lt, both bims-df and thrr.i-.gh his counsel, indicated that his un pleasant position was mainly due to the malignity of Mr. Geo. Lewis, Lawes's soli citor, snd a i****rsonal enemy b?-idea. No doubt this is true. Abdy most -Dertainly had no intention of proceeding against Belt (who he fr:>nkly admitted had taken a lot of friendly trouble on his behalf) criminally till Louis and Lr.wes suggested it. Mr. Lucy sums up the -case thus: — Mr. Richard Belt has long been known as a sculptor, and in an exciting trial some years ago succeeded in -vindicating bis artistic cha racter against charges which involved in sinuations of fraud. It is not clear whether the case jnst concluded against him was connected with the former, but it starts with his making tbe acquaintance of Sir William Abdy in 18S2 tir 1883, and in tbe latter yearobtainirg from this new friend a loan of £2,000 on bis persor.il security. Then* arc suspicious circumstances connected with this loan. It was uiged for the defence that it was a gift for valuable services rendered; but the se-i vices seem to have lieen the granting of imaginary protection against invented dangers. Eelt s-e-ems to have told Sir William Abdy tl at tiers w.r.- plots against him, and that stories were being circulated against Lady Abdy's character. Anonym oub letters were reexived, and the employment of a detective was spoken of. It was for pupposed assistance in investigating and meeting these schemes that the £2,W.0 was advanced. No proof ot the truth of tht-se representations was given, and they were probably entirely baseless. Tftey h)'! M-.ccee-d*-*!, however, in showing that Sir Wi!::':iui Al?iy wai? squeezable, not to say grllil :e l>!t eeems to have resolved to ti'ihw up a lucrative game; acd it was i:;:.,:* ttfH*e subsequent proceedings that the charge of frand was based. The idea of buying diamoi.d--; seems to have been pre sinted tt. the miuds of Sir William and Lady A 1 i'.y, and Belt was ready with a suggestion. }: i.i-1!.. r d-.a!t in jewels, and they kn.-w of a .:??_? cMu^ity a v-i-Juable diamonds which a ?.,*-*. Mnrphy. a 1.-tte mistress of tie- Sultan. v.;s wilbns to sell nt a v.*ry low price. Lady Aiidy was naturally .-unions to acquire these rrniaxknble jewels, and her husband was willing, to p.iy for thera, so that tii s, Trices of the sculptor frigid were accepted and the bargain secured for only 13,000. A ihi.it time after this a rivir-re of diari*>uds waa purelia*ed in the same way, for which £'l,*n?s was paid. By this time Sir William's rt ndy money was exhausted, but not the in peci.ily of his friend. There were more -if the Cian . nds, and Sir William was assured tliat it v.t.nld be e?sy to gt-t money advancM upon them. Belt had a friend, a medical man at Remington, who would willingly make tbe loan at 6 per cent. An agreement was drawn up by wbich Belt advanced £4,500 at tb.it rate of interest, the jewel lery to remain in his hands till it was redeemed. There waa a mystery about this agreement, which the judge regarded as a mere fictitious document, equivalent to a promise to pay 6 per cent, on tiie purchase money for the-diamonds till the payment for them was made. The prosecutor's view of the transsc tion, and the obvious one, though it reflected on his own common sense, was that the medical man had reecued tbe jewels fro*, u the clutches of eome person wbo was charging a usurious rate, and that be inrihted on 6 jier cent, for his trouble. In the summer of 1681 a further purchase was made. Belt told Sir William Abdy uf a valuable black diamond wbich was tc be sold very cheap for £000, and the bargain was secured. So the game went on. Sir William Abdy paid in cash £8,000 for j?;wel!ery, every article of which was ]aimed off upon bim by some plausible repre sentation. He bad made bargains with Belt for pnrcKaH'A tn the total amount of between £14,000and £15,000. Quarrels arose about tbe nse of tbe jewels, wliich were sup posed to bein the custody of a bank, and Lady Abdy's suspicions being excited, the diamonds were placed in her hands. She was dissap -1 minted in them, and insisted they bad been changed. She consulted a jeweller, who at once indicated their true value. Sir William Aljdy then brought an action against Richard B< -It for fal se representation as to the value of the jewels, arid fortJiereeoveryof theoriginal loanof f?,000. The action was practically undefended. Riel,aid Belt put in a .statement tbat he, beiiur a -culj.tor, did not understand jewellery; and that these diamond* had been offered to him on the same representations bt; had in g.??d faith repeat* d to Sir Wm. Abdy, in the belief that they were true- Judgment was then, by ?coiifeiit, entered for Sir William Abdy, with costs. Here the matter might have ended if Belt had been able to pay back bis ill gotten profit. But he could only pay £100, and then went into bankruptcy. In the Bank ruptcy Court it was found that the jewellery had all been boughtfromsilverstuithsand pawn brokers, at prioes far below those which Mr. Belt had represented. The "black diamond worth £G0O," had been bought as a Cape dia mond for £470, and the total sum paid for the jewels was abont£4,ooo;thoughSirWilhain Abdy had been charged £8,471. Had the whole of the agreements to pui-chaee been carried out he would have paid £11,200 for jewellery wbich liad cost Belt about £0,000. It is difficult to apportion the feelings of contempt which the story of this series of clumsy frauds excites. It might lie ojien to dincuirsinn whether the greater folly should lie cliarped to the criminal or to his victim. People with an average share of common sense find it impossible to understand how men with money at tbeir disposal and some experience of the world can lie induced to believe such representations. It is even more difficult to comprehend tbe self-delusion wbich could have induced Richard Belt to believe he could explain his fraudulent schemes away to the fatisfaction of a judge and jury. If knaves did not thus over-reach themselves things would go much worse with the fools who are their natural prey. 