BAPTIST -CHURCH JUBILEE. The Baptist Church of New South Wales is now celebrating the jubilee of its establishment iu this colony. In September, 18UG, the present Buthurst-street Church — the lirst edifice erected. here by that body — was completed, and on No vember 17 following the church was formed. The itcv.Jolra Saunders, wbohad arrived in tho? colony in December, 1831, was then paster. Prior to his arrival services were conducted in Hart's- bnildings, Pitt-street, by the Bey. J. M'Kneg. Upon Mr. M'Kneg's resignation 'Mr. Saunders agreed to till the vacancy, and before the ercc lion of the church in BathTirst-streei, which was built on a grant of land obtained from the Government for church ptyrpuacs, services were held by Mr. Saunders iu ftft. James's schoolroom, Elizabeth-street. For 11 years Air. Saunders labored with cxcoptfonal success, and it was only Lhrough impaired health that in 1817 he was obliged to resign his charge and return H> England, Since then, the church in Bathumu-strcet has been presided over by various ministers. The Rev. John Ham, of Melbourne, sucu.cdud Mr. Saunders in January, ls-18 and died iu October, 1852. In January, 1851, the Rev. Jaines Voller, after an event ml voyage fiom England, took charge and held the position nntil 1870. The Rev. James Green wood followed, and after him the Rev. P. H. Coriiford, who was succeeded by the Rev. W. Clare, B.A., and who again, ir Jauuary, 1885, was followed by the Rev. Charles Bright, tne present pastor. A colonial missionary society was formed in 1855, which in 1870 raorgeu into the Baptist Union of New South Wales. There are now 22 churches under tho union in this colony. To celebmtc the jubilee, ministers connected with the Baptist. Church have come over from other colonics, and tho prin cipal services, as is fitting, arc to be held in tlm Bathnrst-street church. The ser vices in this church wore conducted yes terday in the morning by the Rev. W. C. Dunning, of Vrctoria. Und in the evening by the Rev. W. Whale, of Qcuirasland. Mr. Dunning preached from Jude, 20th aud 21st verses: " But yc, beloved, buiklitig up yourselves on your most hol$- faith, praying in the Holy Ghost, keep yourselves in" the love of God, looking for th£ mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life," The preacher adhered closely to his text, and explained the counsels contained in the Scriptures for the ordering of the Christian life. Mr. Whale, who was favored with a large con gregation in the evening, preached a forcible sermon from 1st Corinthians, 1st chapter, 2Uth and 21st verses : "Where is the wise? where is the scribe V where is the disputer of this world ? hath not God made foolish the wisdom of this world? For after that iu the -wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God, it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that bclieva." The rev. gcuileman con tended that preaching as a nmthod of propa gating tho Gospel was not obsolete or effete as certain people asserted, but as il had ever been, so it was still, «ui'd it would contiuue lo be the chief agency for the regeneration of men. There was nothing tio supplant the minister's position. His missJbii was distinct, divino, unique. It was not a profession, but rather a vocation. Could the world by its wisdom have been able to find God then, lie held the necessity for a Divine revelation would buve been obviated ; but because we could r.ot get " through nature up to nature's guiv"in the full sense of the gospel, the revelation became imperative. And when this revelation was studied with the right spirit then thu significance of the words in the text came homo and it was known why the wisdom of this world" was not able to penetvato the realm of opirihml things. Services were also aunounced yesterday to be held at various other churches connected with the Baptist denomination. This evening a jubilee banquets to take place in the Car- ringtou-hall, Crrstleieagh-sLreol ; to- morrow evening a united -connuunion service will be held in the Newtown Church : oil Wednesday eveu- ing the annual meeting and chairman's address is announced to take place in the Bat hurst-street church ; on Thursday evening in the same church a jubilee incetiug will he convened, when ad dresses on subjects specially selected will be giveu ; on Friday e veiling there is to bo a tea in the Bathurst-slreet Church, to be followed by a public meeting, when the question of " Home and Foreigu Mission-work " will be considered; and on Saturday a harbor excursion has been arranged. 