THE DEAD GARROTTER. It was an awfully cold night in Marclu and as dark as pitch, and the policemen who paced up and down tile Strand, in liondon, only replaced their bulls-eyes in into them as tliey peered up and down the side streets on the look-out for suspicious characters and burglars. " Everything quiet ?" said the sergeant to A244, about 5 a.m. Yes, Sergeant. About an Lour ago I thought I beard a man run up Agarstreet. I turned my lantern on him aud followed, but saw nothing. Good morning, Sergeant." Two hours afterwards, before the fog had. cleared from the river, and while it was almost as dark as midnight, a couple of medical students came out of a side door of Charing Cross Hospital and groped tlieir way down to the Strand to get some coffee and breakfast. " Interesting case, tliat, Allison," said the taller of the two to the other, " and I'm glad we stayed up with it to the end. Dr, Pollock seemed interested, too, yesterday. Let's see ! I've got twenty pages of notes about it. You know,. it's only the second tracheotomy operation- I ever helped at. Last hope in diphtheria, though." "There'll be a lecture on tliat throat to-moiTow, and then I shall ask for it— that is, Hoddiug, unless you particularly want it to work on," replied his companion, in which case—" Just then the scientific discussion over the case of the woman who had just died in the hospital, of diphtheria, was rudely interrupted by both students stumbling and falling over some heavy, body to the ground. "Great Caesar! What was tliat?" said Allison, as lie picked himself up, "I believe I've sprained my ankle. " Hodding did not reply for a moment, for he was shaken up, but on regaining Ids feet, he answered, " It's a man lying right across the pavement, drunk or something. He doesn't move anyhow. You get a peeler, and.I'll stay here." But one had already'heard the noise, and was running up Agar Street. " Hullo here !" cried Allison. " There's man lying across Hie curb, and we fell over liim and nearly got our heads broke. Allison and Hodding, students, Charing Cross Hospital" The policeman turned hi* b^it^oujliein, and, beiiig satisfied, evidently' dying of strangulation from some cause or another. " Case of gairotang," said the policeman. '' Evidently,'' said Hodding. '' Never mind a stretcher, we're close to tlie hospital and can carry liim in." - Sd tlie'tlfl-ee~iii<jn lifted the body and camed'ifc as fast as ; they could to the hospital,- but before the man iiad been weii laid on ,a .table he" was dead. "Garrotted" said Hodding again, pointing to the swollen face and neck." Then it's a case cf Greek meeting CMjtek," said one of the assistants who was l o g out the body, as a sand-club and a pair^of brass knuckles fell out of the dead pocket. "Do you know him, officeif " Gju't say I does, " was <3ie reply, "but we'll rctqnd to Scotland yard and see who M^ jjj a jiffy. Yes, lie's one of the kidney ; l 00k at'his boots and his head, and," 'allied tlie'" officer, putting bis hand. Uito the <% er pocket, "here's a bunch of funny onet" ^ | le puUed out a lot of skeleton kt re ' . Two defetive^ VFETE sent far s and lie «a«uy^i4entified ae a. man named Fowler, with ^ a dozen aliases, who ha4 just finish^ a ^ihrce year term. His pal. dlitimt" said one 0{ the de- ^Y? 3 ' *^ndl >iade off with the swag. Yet they dont often go back on each other this way." We shall hear all about it before night." A jury was called and before ten minutes had rendered a verdict of death by stran- ulation at tbe bkncls of some person or unknown. -••.'•Mr •' . So Fowler witli the many aliases drifted being lirst niade Hie subject of an lecture, in which be acted as Hodding was busy on the ^htheria case^ so Allison called for the throatof the subject Fowler, botbtstudents iitending to devote their after life to the Seradty.of Aroatand -lung diseases. He Jiaa been foriiburs ^ liis work in a comer of the ghastly chamber, where aruis 'Ts, tSuL nb» hobnobbed witJi i, too.inadi interested in bis :-4. notice tbaJb 'be was alone, and JihataU tJie ' other students had. gone to tbe different wards. Whether ork or-eudden illness it was e to say, but- when a student , _ pugS came" in half an hour later, i^olind 'AMison gasping, half sitting and jaieeling on the floor, with his head against s. glass case full of specimens, as whltp as a ghost. ' It was hardly a second l>«rfore Gough hailed one of the surgeons and ssjid, " Allison is on the floor ill a faint^ will you go to liiin while I get some brandy ! He's been grindingtoo hard sitting up witli diphtheria cases, and be's been at wprk since breakfast on the throat and pharynx of that 'strangle' case. \- The eurgeori xan in, but Allison was on liis feet again. I'm all right, doctor," he said. "Something came over me and I got dmy." Just then Gough gave liim some brandy, but his teeth chattered so that he could hardly, drink it. - The sur- ^iii iumiiii iJiuae ana tms Tnearc Tiotrsaga^ Yes, you're all right, if youH go home and jrest for a day or two. You're overworked. If you are .'not better to-night send forme.- .ril drop in anyhow." They wanted to call a cab, but lie insisted tliat he was Jill right, and tliat the walk would do liim good, and indeed he looked quite well again. His color had returned and he breathed naturally, and it was apparent that the faintness bad been only temporary. \- "Flltake your advice, doctor, if Mr. Gough will finish this. It is almost done as lie will see from my notes. So the over-worked student went home. It was about ten days after tlus occurrence, yet although Herbert Allison was perfectly well, he had not gone back to the HospitaL Indeed, when his friend the doctor had called that night he had found him out, and was told that lie had gone to the theatre. He w:is surprised, but said notliing, merely leaving word that he recommended rest and not excitement. Allison lived near the hospital, lodging with a widow named Mrs. Verulam, who took in three or four gentleman lodgers to help to increase a small income. She had one daughter, Itosie Verulam, between whom and Allison a strong friendsliip had sprung up, which, little by little had ripened into love. Only the evening before the morning, on which he l»ad fainted in the hospital, they had sat together planning out their future, when lie should liave passed his examination and could hang up his diploma. And she bad said : " We'll go into the country, Bert, and I will learn to make pills and plasters, and you know how 1 can cook. It does not matter how poor we are, we'll get along. Or you can stay here with me and mamma and get a town practice after a while, and peritaps give lectures at the hospital on your pet hobby—throat disease." And he had given her a little hug and told her to be patient, and he would yet make a name for her. But all this had been changed since he had ccme home x»viu' vue hospital. vjn tiiis particular morning he was lying Lazily on the sofa, and Rosiewas tempting him with poached eggs, tea and toast. Not that you deserve them, Bert, for iWs monimg" FKeard yom^Iaiar-^ey" m tlie door." " Hare you read all the papers through carefully, Rose ?" he answered, not heeding her pretty ways. " Is there more about tliat Fowler case'?' 1 1 No, not a wordYou know the List was tliat the old gentleman Miller was knocked down by one or two garroteis, lie didn't know how many, but the police say two. He was hit from behind, and they took his pocljgt book containing £2,000 in £100 Bank of England notes, and then the police say one garrotur wanted it all, and so he strangled the man who helped him and who made you so ill. The police think they know all Fowler's associates :iui have arrested most of them." " Are you sure tliat is all, Rosie ?" " Quite sure; but Bertie don't keep thinking about this dreadful case. It lias unnerved you and made you so different to me and everyone else. Take me out walking. Let us go down to Somerset House and over Waterloo Bridge." " Not to-day Rosie—not to-day. Tlie fact is—that is, 1 mean I have accepted an invitation to go into the country for a little while to stay with a friend. I shall be away a week, and when I come back you will not know ine—the friend I was out with last night—an old schoolmate, in fact. My cab will be here directly and I have packed a few things. Don't look so annoyed and alarmed. See what I have got ' you to remember me by while I am away," and lie produced' an equisitc little pair of ear-rings and tenderly put them in her ears. "Oh, you dear old fellow," she cried, " but you must liave been piiicliing yourself ever so liard to get me these. 1 ndeed I won't fret if you will only forget tliat horrid morning and come back weD." He kissed her good- bye, ran upstairs for his portmanteau, hailed a passing hansom and was gone. * * * * Allison drove rapidly to tlie station and took a first-class ticket for Folkestone. He liad a quarter of an hour to wait, and lie was so restless that every minute seemed like an age to liim. He started at his Q^vn sfeyV^y. ^Bii^Lji^J.'^J^Lr^S^MU& ghastly vision, " I'll lose my reason if I go on tliis wiiy," he said to himself, "and travelling won't do me any good." The train was going in two minutes aud lie was still undecided. As the last whistle blew, he picked up his portmanteau, turned on his heel, and walked out of the terminus. Then he took a cab and told the man to drive liim to Scotland Yard to the office of tlie Chief of Police or Detectives in Scotland Yard. Twenty minutes afterwards be was sitting in the Cliief's private office with that official and Detective Brown. They saw tliat lie was deeply agitated about something, and left liim alone until he recovered himself, when turning to the detective he said : "I was off this afternoon to Paris. Here's my ticket a$ far as Folkestone. But I can't go. Why? Because. Look here !'* and opening his waistcoat and ripping open a seam which bad recently been sewed up, he laid on the table nineteen Bank of England notes of tlie value of £100 each. To this he added £78 in sovereigns, winch he took from liifi pocketfe, and then untying a little leather bag which lie wore around Lis neck, life-.extracted a £20 note and two sovereigns. "This last sum," he said, "was my own. The rest belongs to Mr. Miller, the man who was garrotted by Fowler. There is the £2000 complete. Now do with me what you please," and poor Allison lay back in the chair with a great sigh of relief. The Chief looked at the detective, and ; jJrpwji a f c e v i d e n t l y j puzzled. Allison," said the Qiief, ^ laet^'y^ tlm confession voluntarily, aaid so far the nsafctsr <of it is only known to myself and Detective Brown, vm you. go on and tell us liow you came m possession of that money ?" " I was working all tlie inoi-ning," contimied Herbert, "on the Eustachian tubes of ,the subject;—those passages, that. is, which connect the upper part of the pharynx with the main cavity of the ear, and 1 must have been so interested that time passed, and when I bad opened the lower part of the pharynx I found the cause of death. Tlie garrotter had rolled these notes into a ball so tight tliat it was with the greatest difficulty they could be separated. He must have supposed himself pursued, or had them secreted in lik mouth and swallowed them accidentally. They choked him. When I saw what they were I fainted. I had not the courage to give them up, and now you know alL" "Mr. Allison," said the rugged old Chief in a husky voice, "will you let this' be a lesson to you ? Do you think you will ever forget the narrow boundary that lies between honor and shame?" But Herbert could not answer. "You have been shadowed, my boy, since you changed a £100 noteata jeweller's on the Strand, but Mr. Brown here was your friend, and persisted that your guilt was impossible, i will be your friend too, for your better nature has saved you. Now, go back home. Mr. Miller will receive his money to-niglit, and no questions aiU be askecL ir you are ©rer un;rouble, my uoy, eoiei.- and see me. It was all like a dream, an ugly vision, an hour afterwards, as he sat by Rosie's side again, and told her lie had changed his uiind, and felt work was the best restorative. He returned to the hospital the next morning, and was as light as ever, infusing new energy into his work and fresh life. A year afterwards he graduated, going through the schools with honor and then commencing tlie practice of his profession in a modest way. Detective Brown called on liim one erening soon after the restoration of the notes and said: "My boy, here is £200, the reward offered by Mr. Miller for the recoveiy of his money. It is justly yours."- Herbert laughed, and said, " Doesn't oiiegoodturn deserve another ? Haven't you got a Police Widow and Orphan's fund ? Well, put it into that anonymously, or I'll liave you and the Chief arrested for compounding a felony." But the Chief and Detective Brown were at Rosie's wedding, and, curiously enough, Dr. Herbert Allison received the appointment of Assistant-Surgeon of Po- lice the same day. D. W. C. X. 