Flemington Anticipations* By Nismo. The continued wet weather has somewhat inter*, fercd. with the final preparation of the great army of. racehorses that axe to do battle, at the meeting of the V. R. C. which is to commence at Plemington to-day.. Although the weather would now appear to have' settled tine, the great drenching it has received ? wUl render the course rather soft, and it may be that fast time will be the exception. This colony will be yery strongly represented in. the principal events, and our ranks have been further strengthened by the presence of Arsenal and Myall King, who were the last toleave. for the battle field. An exceptionally fine field will strip for the opening event, the Melbourne Stakes, which, as on previous occasions, will serve as a Key note to the weight-for-age and leading events of tV meeting. Unfortunately, Malua has had his resigna tion sent in for all his engagements except the Mel- - bourne Cup, and his absence here has left this race' wonderfully hard to pick. The running in the; Caulfield Stakes would seem to point to Isonomy ss the wiimter, but he will have a difficult task in the disposal of old Commotion, while Industry, Crossfire,. Lord William, Kingfish, and the chosen one of the Hon. J ames White's team must all be in it a long way. A very interesting race is sure to be witnessed, and it may be that the places will be filled by Com motion, Isonomy, and Lord William. He will be more than lucky who can indicate the result of the Hotham Handicap; but, if Sardius be quite himself, 8st. 101b. should riot stop him from getting home in front, and in his absence a grand race should ensue between Hexham, -Affluence, and Silvermine, who bid fair to divide the places. More than a score may be expected to stripe for the Maribyrnong Plate, and from all appearances the rich stake is likely to find its way to New South Wales. The Hon. James White has a very strong team from which to choose, and those most intimate with the stable appear to be puzzled as to to which is the best of them ; but I have most leaning towards Lava, who, being by Chester from Etna, is especially bred for pace, and perhaps Aberdeen, a son of Chester and Goldfinch, is the next best of the string.. The, Messrs. Cooper will advance a strong claim.for the: consideration of the judge, with such aristocrats as Miranda, by Maribyrnong from The Favm ; Abydos, byNeckersgat from Ada; Oceana,, by St, Albans from Idalia ; and Huntingtower, by the Sydney Cup winner, Darebin, from Atholine, the rinjn of . Geraldine and Narina. Judged .on their breeding, make, and shape, Miranda creates most affection ; and as she is in the best possible condition, whatever can beat ' her should just about win. 7 Hor tense will be certain to run forward ; and Teuton, Tranter, and Murmur are well spoken of by those who have their acquaintance. His Excellency Lord Car rington has the evenly bred Esperance ; but I thinfc that wc shall have to 'bide a wee' before we see the colours of our popular Governor carried to the front. And with an even start, such as Mr. Watson is pretty well sure to effect, I reckon that the follow ing will not be very different from what I shall have to wire your readers : — MIRANDA ? 1 \- Lava ? ^ Aberdeen or Abydos ? 3 Last season I had the honour of placing the first three, but this year the naming of the actual winner in | will be enough to make me content. The presence of Trident will tend to cut down thi number of starters for the Derby, and not more than half-a-dozen will be saddled. This race has always been fatal to favourites, but Trident will be an ex ception. else public form, will be terribly unset. He , \- / / /' 3Bron his races at the late A. J. C. Spring Meeting in $he most workmanlike style, and as Fennelly has by Vi« great care and attention succeeded in making him retain t»i« form the ' Blue Ribbon ' of our friends has the appearance of being very like a gift for him. When in a good humour Maddeliua is a great filly* and it is from her that most danger may come, for (here is no getting away from the fact that as a two year-old she was a whole team of horses above any of her year. Her pace is undeniable, and with such a resolute horseman as Colley in the saddle she will be certain to run a great race. Chesham is not sufficiently forward to show himself at his best, and the rheu matism has effectually settled tlie prospects of Aglaos, who promised to be the best Victorian representative. My Lord is more at home over seven furlongs, Yellow Jacket will not start, and very little need be feared from the unmeutioned division ; but the determined battle First Consul fought for the Caulfield Guineas must cause attention to be directed towards bis prospect, and he and Maddelina may stretch the favourite's neck, but that is about all. There are not wanting those who look to Volcano as the real 'Sir Roger;' but, however much the Hon. James White may wish to win a 'blue ribbon' ?with a colt of his own. raising, it will not be on this occasion, for the son of Chester and Etna, though as fast as the wind, will find a mile and a-half with j Derby weight very troublesome, and the last three j furlongs will doubtless see him in difficulties. As far as one can see into^the futuseit would seem that, when ?» the final question is asked and answered, Trident will come with that terrible long stride of his and set the matter at rest, and the following may somewhat tesemble the finish : — TRIDENT ? 1 Maddelina .. * ? 2 First Consul .. ,, .. ..3 And unless the course operates against it the time record may be broken. The Ghost, Huron, and Mr. Oxenham's best, Toronto or Ellington, may appropriate the Selling Race ; and The Nun, Hogmanay, Don Giovan, and Myall King may have most to say at the finish for the Coburg Stakes. On Tuesday proceedings will commence with the Hurdle Race, for which the three top weights have the brightest prospects. Caloola has 12st. 101b., aud . is asked to give The Agent 31b., which is more than lie is able to do, and all other considerations being j equal, Mr. Long's chestnut should put the Bathurst .liorse down and win. Huntsman, Sir Launcelot, Bound, and Ocean will probably play a prominent part, and ihe race should be a good one, resulting in the places being filled by The Agent, Caloola, and Huntsman. In the absence of weights, the 'Railway ^andicap must pass ; and either Sumatra or Pontifex should win the Kensington Stakes, and, in .their Absence, Sunshade may change owners Thirty-nine ? have paid up for the Melbourne Cup, and of that number ihe odd nine will be about the sun total of the absentees, so that at least 30 may be expected at pie post. The most prominent withdrawals are Honeydew, Mozart, William Tell, Gozo, Volcano, and Coronet, Malua and Commotion maybe regarded $s certain starters, and it may be that it will be the last greeting of the two cracks. I cannot have either as a pinner, but wherever they may finish Malua should tie in front, and he may have something to say as far I as getting a place is concerned. Trenton cannot be , Vell enough to show himself in his true colours, and m the Caulfield Stakes running Isonomy should hold Sheet Anchor, Grace Darling, and the others that ran pk that race safely enough. Trident holds his place ftrmly |n the betting, and therefore it is evident that those most concerned are thoroughly satisfied with Jiim. There i6 little or no credit due to a scribe predict ing the victory of a favourite, but no one in his senses can shut his eyes to the great form displayed by the Ion of Cocoanut at the late A. J. C. meeting, and jvith Monte Christo and Hexham to fight the field for jttim, I cannot see how he can be beaten, unless the little John party be right in their calculation that the light-weighted son of Hamlet can split the two miles , ju 3.28. If Little J olin can do that, Trident will have a ' gutter task, but, as it is better to trust a colt that we know than a horse whose principal work has been pone in private, I shall rest content with Trident to . ? ijight 'The Cup ' battle for me. Many hold the be- 1 lief that Hexham will be the stable horse. It may be 1 but it is against the chances of odds that one man ? could have two animals in his stable able to win a i jMelbonrne Cup, and, moreover, Hexham will find 1 jjumaelf more at home over a mile and a-half than two j pules. Arsenal -will be sure to run a great race, but - gtthough. he has done no end of good solid work, he jjj* rather too narrow-chested to give one the idea of 1 Jlis being a etayer. There cannot he a doubt but that a terrible race will take place on Tuesday, and I 1 £j»ine that the following will live to the end of the struggle, and finish in something like this order : — ' TRIDENT ? ? ? Isonomy . , , , , , , , . , 2 ) Little John or Arsenal . , . . 3 tmd Lancer, Crossfire, and Cyclops are the trio from ' Hfhich a great surprise may come. tiibnnJSXBT, Middlemarch, and William Tell arc likely to fill the places in the Yan Yean Stakes, and so will $od a day that will be red-lettered in Ihe annals Of £he turf. jx The Maiden Plate will be the first race on the third flay; and First Consul should have a good thing in {land ; and the running on the two previous days will tell all that is required to be known about the Flying Stakes, for which at present Miranda, Lava, and , i^hydoslook best. The Spring Handicap must pass- find the result of the Melbourne Stakes will tell us what we are to expect in the Royal Park Stakes, for which Lord William will be sure to bid high, and j the colt may have most difficulty in the disposal j of Isonomy, Crossfire, and Industry, In. the absence \ HI any line to guide one in the Special Juvenile Stakes, die breeding of Blue and White, by Bolton Green from . j&ansit;, is somewhat attractive, and he may be re turned the winner, while the places in the Veteran ] feakesmajr jjftio IkOuomj, Coriolanus, Sardiue, and j ?i '? - - . ?' , Industry, and the previous running will, no doubt, serve to 6how ' which is which.' Tamarisk, Madde lina, and Crossfire may divide the place honours in the Oaks, but it should not be forgotten tliat, like the Derby, this event generally results in a surprise, and it may be Acme. On the fourth day, the Produce Stakes should go down before Trident. Game is such a great horse that, even with the thumping impost of 13st. 51b., he should be able to dispose of those opposed to him in the Steeplechase, and his immediate followers may be Contingent and Union. Now, having gone through all the principal events, I shall leave the leading items on the fourth day for discussion in your next, when, from the ' seat of war,' I shall wire you a few notions as to results. 