SPORTING ITEMS. A cricket match wdl be played on the Prince -Wales' Birthday at-Rosedile, between Sale -d Rosedale clubs.' The Eosedale team will be picked from the following,:—J, -P. Bowman, E. J- Crooke. O'Shea. Howard,. Scott, Millig&h; (2). Rowlev, Crowe <2), W. S. Greenwell.-'Wilson. Keoih. Deikin. Shugg,-Walker, M'Kay." and Officer. The above are requested : to meet for practice on Wednesday; aud-Satur- .day on the crickeu ground. : 1 The Sprtne -Meeting of the "Victoria Racing Club was-lUauiiurated at I' leminston on Saturday in the presence of an unusually, large attendance. which included, in addition to the Victorian vice-regal party; -their -Excellencu the Governors of New "South Wales, South Australia, aud Tasmania. The first event on the card, tbe Melbourne btakes. resulted m dead heat between-the favorite Isonomy and Bonlka. with thelsew South Wales -colt, Bravo, third. ' The owners of the dead-heats agreed b ruii off after the last race, when Isonomy won rather easily after a good race for the first mile. The Hotham Handicap fell to Claptrap. The South -Australian filly Hortense, by -Gam. Forward—Josephine. - notwithstanding her 141b penalty Incurred by her winning , tne Great Foal Stakej at Caulfield, on the 9tb ult. beat her fiejd easily in the-Maribyrnong Plate; Huntingtower'fitnshine second.and, Bedouin third. 'After a most exciting race Trident won the Victorian Derby. beatingChesham, Aglaos, and four others, the-winner afterwards being decorated witb a bluenbandm accordance with the enstom-always observed in New Scuth Wales.-and paraded round the lawn amid the greatest enthusiasm. In the Selling Race the place3 were Billed by Huron. The Ghost and-Stafford: and an excellent days sport-con- ; eluded with the • Coburg Stakes, won- -by: Daystar. • '••"••;„'•:.••'• .-A'-trofctinir match took place on Friday,-says the Spectator: between two -nags, belonging respectivelyto Mr'Geo.'Campbelli of Maflra, , and' Mr 'A--J: ; M'Leod; of.-Bairusdale. for £10 a. side. '-- The aourae Jay -between Maffra and . Sale- and the distance was -covered-, within 45 - minutes- --Mr" M'Leod-s borse coming in one mmnte before bis opponent,..' -.- -••-•• A cablegram -from the London,corresponoent of the,life states thut Mr Wentworth,: of New South Wales.-who is at .present residing with his family in England, has, on behalf of Beach, accepted HanlanVj challenge to row Beach,- for £1000 and the championship of the world Jon the f<epean River.fl.nd has,offered.to lay Han-; lau £1000 to- i'-£800 : on f-the result, provid-. -log the -.: race o is:, rowed -:on the•:• Parramatta River 