Mr. Smith’s Item. He came into the office, and drawing a chair up close to a reporter's table he said to the reporter : "Take a bit of paper and I'll give you a good item." When the reporter was ready the visitor began : "Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Smith— my wife, you know—and my daughter drove out with my bay mare for a little ride. Jenny was driving the mare, coming down from Airy to the Wissa- dickon, when, just below the crest of the hill she kicked off one of her shoes." "Jenny did?" "No ; the mare. Mrs. Smith, how- ever, concluded to go on, as the roads were soft, and the mare quiet; so Jenny let her proceed slowly down the hill." "Let Mrs. Smith or the mare?" "The mare, of course. A few minutes later, however, while Jenny was stopping to pick some ferns for her mother, a fly or something bit her upon the nose." "Upon Jenney's nose or her mother's ?" "No, no ! The mare's nose ; bit the mare upon the nose, and Jenny hardly had time to get back into the carriage before she began to rear and plunge in a most alarming manner.” "Not Jenny?" "O pshaw, the animal, the mare. Mrs. Smith, of course, was very much frightened, for the mare seemed really excited, and she began to scream violently and to try to get out of the back of the carriage." "The mare did ?" "Mrs. Smith. But Jenny told her she could manage the mare if she would sit still." "If the mare would sit—?" "If her mother would sit still, but just then a buckle broke, and Jenny was unable to prevent the mare from dashing down the hill at a frightful pace. When they came to the bridge over the creek Mrs. Smith was over- joyed to observe the mare come to a dead stop; but unhappily the next moment a fit of blind staggers struck her, and—" "Struck Mrs. Smith, or the—" "Don't you understand? Struck the mare, and before Jenny could com- prehend the situation she reeled about upon the bridge in an uncertain sort of way, while Mrs. Smith was completely unnerved and without self-control, and the next moment she turned an entire somersault over the side of the bridge into the water." "Are you referring now to Mrs. Smith, or Jenny, or the mare?" "Why, the mare! Of course she dragged the carriage in with her, and Mrs. Smith and Jenny in it. All three sank to the bottom, but the mare almost immediately struck out for shore, and Jenny clasped her by the tail. As they swam past Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Smith clutched at her dress—" "Not the mare's dress ?" "At Jenny's dress, and this forced her to loose her hold upon the tail." "I thought you said Jenny had hold of the tail ; not Mrs. Smith ?" "So I did. Mrs. Smith had hold of the—the—I mean, yes, Jenny had hold of the mare's tail, and Mrs. Smith had hold of her dress." "Whose dress—Jenny's or the—?" "You know very well what I mean. Mrs. Smith held onto Jenny and Jenny to the mare, but Mrs. Smith pulled her loose, unintentionally, of course, and as the mare swam off Mrs. Smith said to her—" "To the mare?" "You think you're smart now, don't you ? You know well enough I mean Jenny." "Well, then, Jenny said to the mare, what ?" "I've got a notion to punch your head for you. you scoundrel." "What did she say that for?" "I came in here," said Mr. Smith fiercely, "to give you a first-rate item, and I was going to tell you what Mrs. Smith said about the mare being dragged from the water, and how she turned somersaults all the way home ; but hanged if I'll do it now." The reporter rose slowly, and elevat- ing a chair to ward off the missile, he calmly inquired— "What object had Mrs. Smith in turning somersaults all the way home?" The people who saw Mr. Smith come down stairs and emerge from the front door say he looked as white as if he had just seen a ghost.—DANBURY NEWS. The Abbe Franz Liszt, pianist, whose death is announced, was born at Lzegszard, in Hungary, October 22,1811. He made his aaws yalta ii(ain ? ia' a aeneas* ia bia SM* yaar, and was afterwards placed under Czerny, and received lessons in harmony from SaUeri. In his 11th year he played with success in a concert and was taken to Paris, where he performed before the Duc d' Orleans and became a great favourite. At 14 an opera of his was produced, but did not rt tract, and after successful tours in England and France he produced, in the same year of his age, an opera, "Don Sanche, ou le Chateau.des Amours," which did not command a success. At length, having heard Paganini, he resolved to become the Paganini of the pianoforte. His composi- tions are chiefly valuable for having con- tributed to raise the art of piano-playing to a height of brilliancy before unattained, whilst his own creative powers on that in- strument are so marvellous as to place him in the highest rank of great performers. In 1861 he was made a Commander of the Legion of Honour; and in 1864 took holy orders and received the tonsure. Subsequent to the latter period he chiefly devoted his attention to religious music, and organised numerous concerts in aid of works of Catholic charity. In 1871 he received a pension of £GOO a year and a nobiliary title from his native country, and in 1875 was made Director of the Hun- garian Academy of Hosie. In 1879 he was granted a caaonry, without eton of souls, by the Chapter of Albano. Among his more recent productions is the oratorio of "Stan- islaus." The wife of Richard Wagner, the composer, was one of Liszt's daughters. 