St. Peter's New Church, East [ Maitland. On Wednesday forenoon, the handsome new church of St. Peter, so far completed as to be , capable of occupation, was solemnly dedicated to the service of Almighty God hy the Lord Bishop of the Diocese of Newcastle, in the presence of a large congregation. The church has been over two years building. The chief stone was laid by the Primate of Australia on December 12, 1881, when ¿COGO were laid on it. The edifice occupies a com- manding site on the slope of the Stockade Iiill, and is a prominent object in the landscape of Maitland viewed on any side. The material is a chceiful cream-white stone, procured from a quarry at the hack of East Maitland. In stylo the building is English decorated gothic, fourteenth century work. The full length of the church is 112 feet, its width 53 feet, the total height to apex of roof 50 feet. Accommodation is provided for (300 sitters, excluding the choir. The east end of tho building is an apse, the semi-circular recess usnally placed at the east end of the choir or ohaucel of a romanesque, or what is commonly called in England, an Anglo Saxon or Anglo-Norman church. On the left hand side looking cast is the vestry, 12 feet hy 12 feet, which opens at one side into the chancel and at the other into theporch whence also entrance is obtained to the body of the church. Opposite the vestry and this porch is the organ chamber, a recess behind the organ place forming a choir vestry. The main entrance is of course the west door, but there is nlBO a porch in the north-western corner of tho building. All the internal doors open outwards, an arrangement that will much help easy egress. The nave in the clear measures SO feet by 54, the choir and chancel together are 31 by 26 feet, the organ chamber is 12 by 20 feet, and the choir vestry 12 by 7 feet. The roof is of slate, and is vaulted inside. From the western door the interior effect of the church is very fine : the arches that support the clerestory are supported on granite pillars, which have given the requisite strength without hulk, and the result is an appearance of delightful airi- ness and grace. The vaulted roof, from its height and the warm yellow hues of the wood, the chaste style of decoration employed and the heavy moulded cornice, has a veiy noble effect, the apse constitutes a deop chancol, draped at the íear with maroon curtains broken hy two broad hands of old gold plush On each side of the entrance to the chancel the choir stalls aro placed, and all the new furniture is yellow varnished pine, the hue hai rnonising admirably with the creamy white of the walls As it appears at present the church is too glaringly lighted in the day time, hut the three windows m the apse are temporary and will pies ently be sujiplanted by stained glass gift windows, and other u>lomed windows aro promised for the nave Theso will materially tempei tho glare, and filter the light Parishioners are also supplying a valuable pulpit, carved oak altar, eagle lectern, and books, so that the chuich will be in piocess of a short time handsomely furnished Through the failure of the person w ho took the contract ongm ally the church has been completed under tho direct control of the architects, Messrs Blacket Brothois, of Sydney Mr H Noad, of East Mait- land, faiipphed the furniture About A10,000 hayo been expended so far, but the design includes a towel and spire, the estimated cost of which is ¿62500, and the building will evei appeal woefully incomplete at its western end tül the tower is supplied Wednesday was a lovely sunshiny day, and the fields and oichaids about the town shone va. all then spung beauty as clouds made then way up the hill to tho new House of God The following cloigymen veie present Rev Canon Tjirell, in- cumbent of St Petei's, Revs G F Ruslüoith, Ollis, Newton, Dixon, Bode, Longbottom, Walsh, Colyer, Goddaid, Pucst, Maishall, Swmdlehurst, Macluien, Yamngton, Sim, Walkei, and Tollis The Rev A R Baitlett, of Bui wood, was also a visitoi, the Rev J J Nash was in the congi egation, and the Rev Huband Smith attended, but being delayed in his tiain journey fiom Singleton did not aiuve in time foi the procession ot cloigymen Irom the parsonage to the chuich In rhe edifice, the visitois wero confionted with tho bentence over the euitaias dialling the chancel " In Thy presence is fulness of joy," over the westorn dooi was displayed these woids " Worship the Loid in the be luty of Holiness " Nosegays of bpring roses were placed on the communion table, and a wieath of flowers adorned the pulpit, butthoie was no other niateiial display Mi G F King, oiganist of St Maiy's, West Maitland, piesided at the organ The dedication sei vice was said by the Bishop, and morning prayer by Canon Tynell The piopei Paalms weio Ps 84, 122, 132 The first lesson, Isaiah 55, was lead by the Rev C Walsh, the second, Hebrews, 10, 19-2t>j by the Rev J Dixon In the communion service, the Epiitle I Coi, 12, 12-31 TV as lead by the Rev S Simm, and the Gospel, John 2, 13-17 by the Rev F D Bode Following weie the hymns -215, " The Church's ona Foundation," 100th Psalm " All people that on Eaith do dwell," 396, " Chustis made tho sure Foundation ", 242, " We love the place, O God " The Venue was taken to Di Tuckei's setting, the Te Dcum and Jubilate to Budgewatei Mi A, H Gee, of Newcastle, îendeied the anthem "Corafoit ye," horn Handel's Messiah The singing gonei ally was veiy heaity, and in the old Hundieth Psalm, which came after tho solo anthem, the whole congiegation joined, the anauge meut having been happily made so that, m the fiist anthem heaid in the now building, all tho woialuppeis might blend their voices The music foi hymn 39b had been mutton specially foi the occasion by Mi R Randolph Arndell, foimeily oiganist of the Chuich, who although distant many thousands of miles, sent thio pleasing memento of his inteiest The men of the chon wore cassocks and surplices The BISHOP preached the following sermon - PSALM XXIV- 3-5 Who shall ascend inio the lull of the Lord oí who shall rise up m his holy place ? Even he that hath clean hands, and a pu> e heart and that hath not lift up his mind unto vanity, noi stoom to deceive his neigh i bovr I He shall receive the blessing fi om the Lord and righteousness from the God of his salvation IN accoidance with the usage of many centuues, I wo have been engaged this day in setting apart ns a House of Prayer this building, which many of you have watched with eager interest as it grew from day to day into a certain stature of stateliness and beauty I need not recount the various in stances -which are recorded in Holy Scupture of the solemn devotion to holy uses of places and things that were thence forward to be regarded as set apart in a special manner for divine service Tabernacle and temple both furnish examples of such dedication In the Clmstian Chuich the custom has pievailed for more than fifteen centu- ries We are told by one of her ancient historians "that nosooner was thoswoidofpeisecutionsheathed and God permitted His Church" to serve Him in all godly quietness, than there was an incessant joy, and there sprung np for all a certain celestial gladness, .seeing everyplace, which buta short time before had heen desolated by the impurities of the tyrants, reviving again ;" and he speaks especially of the " consecrations of the newly erected houses of prayer throughout the cities, of the concourse of foreigners from abroad, of the benevolence of people to people, of the unity of the members of Christ-one energy of the Divine Spirit pervading all the members, and one soul among all, one and the same ardour of faith, one song of praise to God." My brethren, make it your prayer that this present work of ours-this dedication of St. Peter's Church- may have such spiritual accompaniments, that there I may be shed abroad among all who shall worship here a temper of holy zeal in all that is good, of hearty union with their brethren in Christ, of glad thanksgiving to the Great Giver of all. Then indeed would our day of dedication bo a festival-a day much to be remembered. Those of us who have come from other parishes may well con- gratulate our brother-churchmen in East Maitland on that which has been already accomplished. We do not indeed see as yet a finished work. There are some signs of incompleteness as one looks around. But yet a stage has been reached which may well call forth a certain sympathy in rejoicing. We meet to-day in a building more worthy of this town-less unworthy of its high purpose-than that in which many of you worshipped for the last time on Sunday even- ing. But however great the improvement thus secured, I know that there is a certain loss involved in migrating from'the old to the new. What we may now now call old St. Peter's had associations for some of the older inhabitants of this town and neighbourhood such as no beauty of architecture, I no brightness of furniture, can supply. To that unpretending structure they went up as to the House of Prayer in life's oarly day*, when the world was like an unopened parcel beforo them con- taining a mixed assortment of joys and sorrows, of failure and success. The old church called back to many memories, I doubt not, tho presence and companionship of near and dear ones long gathered to their rest. It was connected with many of those occasions in life which tho Church has sought to hallow by means of her occasional services. The scene of many baptisms, confirmations, marriages, first and last communions, cannot he left behind without some tender feeling of regret. I, for one, honour the man who can say, " Critics may call it ugly, but my father and mother worshipped there, and therefore it has for me a grace and honor of its own." In a comparatively new country we miss to a great extent the humanizing influence of old associations. They tend to foster that which is so much to be wished ' more of reverence,' and there- fore wo do well to make the most of them when opportunity offers. Look back then at the history of this parish. Fifty-two years have passed since a clergyman first carno to resido here. Before that time the whplo of the Hunter Uiver district was dependent for the ordinances of the Church upon the occasional visits of the clergyman living at Newcastle.- When the B.ev. G. K. Kusden frrat carne to East Maitland in 1834, this vast dis- trict was committed to his pastoral charge. Writing a few years later, Judge Burton describes with much appreciation the zeal and energy dis- played hy this pioneer in the church's work. He tells how within the first six months of his appoint- ment, ho held ninety-two services, and within the first year rode nearly three thousand miles in the performance of his duties-and this, although from early life this habits had been 'of a studious and scholastic kind,' and he was in declining age. Writing about forty-six years ago, the Judge men- tions a small chapel in whicn the services were held, containing about a hundred people and full every Sunday, several of the congregation being compelled to stand during the service, and referring to the church then in progress ho says that it will, it is expected, barely afford room for the increasing population. And now, after the lapse of nearly half-a-century, what was then, I suppose, a village, has become a town of considerable size. The popu- lation has steadily increased, and another step was necessary. As the small chapel gave place to what is now the old church, now the old church giveB place to tho new, which we dedicate to its holy uses to-day, praying God to hear the prayers, accept the praises, and bless the teaching that shall find j utterance within these walls ; and we find an especial cause for gladness in the fact that tho home of worship has been made more bright and attractive than heretofore, acknowledging as we do the force and wisdom of these words of Richard Hooker -. " Albeit the true worship of God be to God in itself acceptable, who respecteth not so much in what place as with what affection He is served; . . . manifest notwithstanding it is, that the very majesty and holiness of the place where God is worshipped hath in regard of us great virtue, force, and efficacy, for that it scrveth as a sensible help to stir up devotion, and in that respect no doubt bettereth even our holiest and best actions in that kind. As therefore we every- where exhort all mon to worship God, even so for performance of this service by the people of God assembled, wo think not any place so good as the church, neither any exhortation so fit as that of David, ' O worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness.' " It was, I think, a very happy choice which led the compilers of the servico for the con- secration of churches to put the twenty-fourth psalm in the first place. It is, you will remember, the first passage of Holy Scripture hoard within the walls of the edifice about to be solemnly recog- nised as a House of Prayer. Yon will have noticed that we began by saying this psalm alternately. It was not by morely local choice that the words were so used, hut we followed a custom which has prevailed in our Church of England for many long years of varying fortuno. It is well that at a timo like this we should be reminded whence carno the gifts that build and adorn the sanctuary, and wherein consists the true worship of Him in whose honour the sanctuary is dedicated. It has been thought probable that the psalm itself was com- posed and sung on that day of gladness and triumph when the ark was removed to the city of David on Mount Zion. Imagine the long proces- sion of the people, their King at its head, winding up the hill, and singing this hymn of praise with heart and voice. First, a solemn acknowledgment of God as the Maker and the King of all. " The earth is the Lord's and the fulness thereof." Such a thought will surely tend to encourage the twin graces of humility and liberality. When we reflect that whatever we give we give Him but His own, there will surely bo no room for pride or narrowness. " The earth is the Lord's and the fulness thereof, the round woild and they that dwell therein." If we lift up our minds to this conception of all as belonging to Jehovah the self-existent God, there will be a certain eleva- tion of soul within us, a rising above the little dis- tinctions of time and society, we shall see how small are all differences between men save differences of character-how, to borrow the teaching of a later day, the divine Lordship in the earth places us all in the condition of stewards. The acknowledgment of God-fhe hearty, humble acknowledgment there is the first stop in true worship. When you aro bidden to enter into His gates with thanks- giving and into His courts with praise, think of His greatness and glory. And that thought may suggest the question to your mind as it did to this sweet singer of old-Who is worthy to join in wor- shipping this great nnd glorious God ? Who shall ascend into tho hill of the Lord, or who shall rise up in His holy place ? You can imagine the ques- tion asked by one choir, or perhaps by a single voice in that great assembly mounting the hill of ilion, and answered by a second choir, ' He that bath clean hands, and a pure heart, and hath not lift np his mind unto vanity nor sworn to deceive his neighbour.' and then perhaps a chorus, 'He shall receive blessing from the Lord and righteous- ness from the God of his Salvation.' Thus you see that onr festival to-day-our ascent to this hill-our occupation of this place for the sacred offices of worship-brings us round to a very practical view of things. While we are glad to see gifts for the House of the Lord brought here and to hear of others yet to come while we rejoice in the better church ani the im- provement in the music-as all admirable things in their way-yet we are reminded by the very first Scripture that is recited at this service that the requisites of fitness for a holy habitation are per- sonal purity and righteousness. Clean hands, a I pure heart, a sound mind, a true tongue. These after all are from what I may call the Bible's point of view ; more important in the religious sphere than beauty of form or sound. It is wnll ro have such beauty. For it were a mean thing in Christian people to propose to offer to their God in public worship of that which cost thom I nothing-neither in money, nor in toil. But on I the other hand let us bring with as much clearness as we may before our minds the close and living connection between worship and morality. The test teaches us that moral effort-the effort to abhor that which is evil, and to choose that which is good, continually and consistently, is an indes pensahle condition of true worship. There is no difficulty in understanding the psalmist's answer to the question : Who shall ascend into the hill of the Lord ? a question which I think we might translate for' ourselves into this form : Who shaU. offer a worship acceptahle to the Lord ? Whatever else there may be about tho worthy worshipper, this there must be- hatred of sin and love of Eoodness. It has been said by a greit teacher of a passage not unliko our text-the ht teenth psalm-that while "three thousand years have passed, Jerusalem has fallen, the Jewish monarchy and priesthood and ritual and religion have passed away, the words of David still remain, with hardly an exception, the rule by which all wise and good men would measure the worth and value of men, the greatness and strength of nations." It is an important question for all who are contributing to the future of this young country : Does it show signs of growing into this greatness-of increase in this strength-the greatness and strength derived from clean hands and pure hearts, sound minds and true tongues ? This is not a question which statesmen can afford to put aside as belonging to theology, and therefore outside the political region. The character of the citizen, he it ever remembered, is the foundation of the greatness of cities. And even closer home to each of us should come this other question: As worshippers in the name of Christ, the one em- bodiment in the race of man of all truth and purity, are we striving by God's help v j This and ciery day, To live mare nearly as we p)ay ? If this day weie a day of new íesolution of that kind, it would indeed be a day to he lemcmboied with thanksgiving Let the dedication of j oui Church be iccompanicd ' y a f i esh dedication of self, that two fold dedication would benotuuwoithy of the day ou which the chuich blinds to oui muid those fellow servants of oms who do the will of the Fathei which is in heaven with a leadmessand a piomptness that may well be sot befoie us foi our example As moral effort is a necessni y condition of acceptable worship, so too inoial growth - growth m love, joj, peace, long suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, tem pel ance, should bo the îcoult of our îeligious exercises Oin common piayer and praise-more especially oin Holy Communions-should have the effect of stiengtheniug us in the Lord and in the povvei of His might Faith m that God whom David ti usted, and whose mind and will Christ íevealcd moie completely than evei David know them-this is the princijilo of Christian stiength sticngth to do the light, strength to beal tuals as they come Science has found no eihcient substi- tute foi this The love of God and the love of Christ-the love of God in Christ-tins has made thous mds of lives woith living, inspiung them with worthy motive, and íaising them above the chances and changes that touch the things aiound that pass and die My biethien, if you use your chuich well, it will be a spnng iiom which Üowa foitha glonous stieam of gracious influence upon the neighbouihood Good woiks will cluster round it, finding heie their natuial home and centie, foi chanty, you know, has been defined as the grace which loves God foi Himself and oui neighbour foi God Here shall you leceivo the blessing fioin the Lord and righteousness fiom the God of youl sal- vation The Communion Service was then proceeded w ith, and Holy Communion administered to a large number of communicants At the off« tory, be tween £60 and £90 weie collected After the sei vice the visiting cleigymen were entertained at luncheon in the Mechanics' Insti- tute, the repast being well borved by Mr Wayland, of West .Maitland Hie Rev Canon Tyrrell pre- sided, and had the Bishop at his light hand Alter lunch, The CHAIRMAN pioposed " Her Majesty the Queen ' as not only because she wa" our Queen and a glonous, excellent Sovereign she was (applause) but because she was temporal Hoad of the Church of England Thfl tsast was heartily honoi r«d Hit CIIAIRMAN then gate the health of the Bibhop of Newcastle-(applause) who had so kindly dedicated new St Peta s that day. He thanked his Lordship on his own behalf and on that of his panshioners foi having come at some tiouble It was always unpleasant both foi speaker and hearer to speak m tenus of eulogy m the piesenco of the pei son praised and theiefore ho would not attempt to say voiy much But he w ould say of the Bishop what everyone, knew he was-he would call linn our tender hcaited Bishop (Applause ) That quality in the Bishop had always struck bun-his Lordship s tender hoaitedness, his keon love for others, his manifesta tion of that highest characteristic of a Cluistian minister Evciyone of them must have felt his Lordship s kindness For his own part he (C mon Tyirell) owed the Bishop a deep debt of gratitude if01 kindly counsel, moie especially foi kmdwoids I spoken in tiouble, and ho coidially without moie reimuk proposed the Bishop s health (Applause ) The toast was honoured with enthusiasm The BISHOP said he thanked the Rev Canon-\ eiy hcaitily foi his kind «olds and the company foi the manner in which they had received the toast Ho remembered reading in a veiy popular woik the îemaik that in the English language there is no wold that exactly expiesses what we call sympathy in joy i he word sympathy had come to be used to express feeling with otheis in times of affliction and disticss But as a mattet of fact we have tho word which was wanted It -was congratula tion That temi exactly expresses feeling with others in joy That exactly gave what ho wanted to say lo those who had como to the parish of St Peter s fiom othei panshes thiswoidcongiatu lation expressed their mental attitude (Applause ) Men used the word when tho prospects of then friends brightened, and when unexpected good for tune befell them They could employ the word to intimate their sense of such good woik having boen achieved a3 the completion of the nowchuich which had been built not without some thought and care on the pait of the good clergyman of St Peter s and those who had snppoited him He did most heal lily congratulate the clergyman and the laymen of St Peter s on the woik which had been accomphsked He was sorry to say that thero was still a debt on the chinch But he know the good folk of the neighbourhood and trusted with some degiee of confidence that this debt would not long pievent the consociation of tho chmch to its holy uses He desned to pioposo lhe incumbent and laymen of East Mutland He did most heaitily congi atulato Canon lyn "11 on the îesult of hi» labours which they had seen that day-ho meant visible îcsults He did not now speak or moie sacred matteis He was sure all piesent who weie visitois icjoited warmly with all who m St Peter s that day lejoiced (Hear heai ) Ho desued specially to couple with the toast the name of Mr Pulvei (applause) and that of Mi F H Hole, chou mastoi (applause ) The Rev CANON TYRRELL in lespondmg thanked them veiy much for then congratulations But the election of the church was due lather to the laymen of the paush than to himself Indeed he was somewhat of an obstacle foi a time, for he would not consent to have new St Petei s built on an înseciue foundation, but desired that it should he placed as it ought to bo on a lock (a laugh) Ho had had the assistance of two financiéis, who had attended to all their monetaiy matteis, Mr Samuel Clift and Mi Pulver They i\ ore excellent finan ciers, and although they weie not out of debt, th«y saw then way to giadually pay off the debt Now for the benefit of the cleigy who might be similarly placed, he would explain to them Mi Pulvei s scheme for paying the interest, which was all they wanted to do at present They had induced the parishioners to promise payment of a certain sum annually. Some had promised ¿2200, others ¿50, and so on : thus they got the interest without touching the church fund. It had seemed to him a most admirable way of getting out of a difficulty. He owed a deep debt of gratitude to Mr. Pulver, and as for Mr. Hole, he was not only an efficient choir-master, hut he gave great assist- ance in other church matters. It was a gi cat satisfaction to all in St. Peter's parish that the fabric of the church was beautiful, but he trusted all the people would remember how much more import- ant it was that they should be temples of the Holy Ghost. It was tho spiritual results of church work for which he was chiefly concorned. It was well to have beautiful externals but the higher results were those for winch they should aim. Mr. PULVBE would not have accepted the invita- tion to lunch if ho had been aware that a speech was involved in his attendance. He thanked the Bishop and Canon Tyrrell for their mention of his name in terms which he did not deserve. ("No, no"). As for the scheme they had been called his, he supposed he must have dreamt it. He was anxious about the matter, for he knew they wanted a large sum of money, and he thought if twenty or thirty people undertook to pay the inter- est, it would be an inducement to persons who had money to lend it with confidence, knowing the in- terest was provided for. There had been very little difficulty in providing for the interest ; he might say that by setting apart the collections of one Sunday in every month they had raised no less than J3600. By and bye they hoped to follow the example of some other churches and dispense with pew rents, hut at present they could not do that, for the pew rents were not theirs to dispose of: thoy were part of the security for the debt. But he hoped the day would come when they could throw the church open. Mr. HOLE Baid he had always taken an interest I in sacred music, and it was a pleasure to him to train the choir. He wished to do what he could to forward tho interests of the Church, hut others ia the parish did far more than he : Mr. Sparke, for example, who was superintendent of the Sunday School-that was real, arduous work. Much honour was due to men who exhibited such self sacrifice and patience in the work of the Church. The BISHOP said he would drink the health of the clergy and laity of the diocese of Newcastle, and call on the Rev. S. Simm, as the senior clergy- man, and Major Bolton as the senior layman to say a word or two. Canon TYEEELL desired specially to mention the name of the Rev. A. A. Maclaren. T.nc Rev. S. SIMM rose to respond on behalf of { the clerujy of the diocese, and was glad after a resi- dence of 31 years among them to have that opportunity of expressing au opinion of his brethren. On all occasions he had received tho greatest pos- sible kindness from them. Taking them all in all, he thought thoy would compare favorably with any body of clergymen in the neighbouring dioceses, or in England. Thoy were certainly a loyal body of clergy, faithful to the throne, to the church and to the Bishop. They were faithful to tho church, and endeavoured to carry out the arrangements of their respective parishes. And they wero always ready to give help to their Bishop. Ho felt certain that if the Bishop stayed amongst thom, there was noth- ing the clergy could do would bo spared to make his position comfortable. Major BOLTON said the laity no less than the clergy, were loyal in the three points mentioned by Mr. Simm. They entertained the greatest amount of respect for his Lordship the Bishop. He had been much pleased with his visit to Maitland, and was astonished at the new church. It was a larger and finer building than he expected to seo. And the interior surpassed the external appearance. It was lofty, and the granite pillars wero so placed as to interfere in no respect with the view. And he was pleased to see three windows in the chancel. The brightness and cheerfulness of the service wero entirely to his mind. Ho congratulated the incum- bent and the people of St. Peter's on the work they had accomplished. The Rev. A. A. MACLAREN expressed his pleasure that he had been of service to St. Peter's as deco- rator. St. Paul's and St. Peter's ought to be on good terms, and he was happy to say they were so. The CHAIRMAN proposed The Visitor, the Rev. A. R. Bartlett. (Applause.) The Rev. A. R BABTLETT said ho had been much pleased on a previous visit to Maitland with the site of the church, and had thought he would like to see the building when completed. He did not think it would fall to his lot to preach in it on tho day of its opening. He thought the Church in the colonies was making fair progress, and vras especi- ally pleased to hear Major Bolton approve of bright, nice, ornate services. If they desired to get lay brethren to church, they must make the services attractive. And they must havo the seats free and unappropriated, so that the community might feel that the church was not for the rich only but for all men. (Applause.) The Rev. F. D. BODE, who echoed the previous expressions of satisfaction at being present, pro- posed " The Press," and especially the reporter of this journal who for many years had attended Synod. Mr. EIPPER responded and the proceedings closed. In the evening the church was again filled. The evening service was intoned by by the Rev. A. A. Maclaren, and the Rev. A. R. Bartlett proached from I Cor. 11,10, " Because of the Angels." The proper Psalms were Ps. GG, 96, 134 j the cantata was taken to Bridgewater. An anthem was finely rendered, the solo being sung part in Bohle stylo by Miss Cobcroft " 0 Thou that teilest good tidings." The church is lighted with gas manufactured in the building, and looked very cheerful and attractive. 