Thirst for Gold. ? . - ,.».,; , , A Thxilllaff Story of To-day. CHAPTER IL-(Continued.) * Certainly, Mr, Hardie,' aaid ehr, with a modest composure a young coquette nr'ght bare envied under the circumstances. Hardie had now only to explain himself: but. in- stead of that, he stood looking at her with ailant concern ; the fair face she raisod to him was wet with tears ; so were her eyes, and even the glorious eyelashes were fringed with thal tender spray ; and it glistened in the moonlight. This tad and pretty light drove the vain but generous youth's calamity clean ont of his head. * Why, you are crying ! Mis* Dodd, what i* th« matter? I hope nothing has happened.' Julia turned her bead a little fretful!*, 'Ko, no!' But soon her natural candour and simplicity pre- vailed ; a timplicity not without dignity ; she tamed round and looked him in the face. ' Why should I deny it to you, sir, who hare been good enough to ?ympathire with ns ? |We ABE mortified, sadly mortified, at dear Edward's disgrace ; and it hes coat ns a straggle not to disobey you, and potion bis triumphal cup with sad looks. And mamma had to write to him and console him egainst to-morrow : but I hope he will cot feel it io severely as she doer: and I have just posted it myr elf, and, when I t hought of our dear mamma being driven to such expediente, I-Oh !' And the pura young heart, haring opened itself by word», most flow a little more. ' Ob, pray don't cry/ raid young Hardy, tenderly; 'don't take snob a rrifh to heart to; your crying mates me feel guilty for letting it happen. It sholl neter occur again. If I bad only known, it should neter have happened at all.' ' Once is enough,' sighed Juli*. 'Indeed you take it too much to heart ; it is only out of Oxford a ploogü is thought much of ; especially a single one ; that is io very common. You see, Miis Dodd, an university examination con- sists of BBTcral items ; neglect bat one, and Crichton bimreif would be ploughed ; because b iliiancy in yonr other papers -? not allowed to count ; that is bow the most dírtinguúhcd man of our day got ploughed for Smalls ; I bsd a narrow escape, I know, for ono. But, Mus Dodd, if you know how far your brother's prrformanee on the river ont' weighs a mere slip in the schools, in all urivrcnit; mon's eyes, the dona' and all, you would not make this bright day end sadly to Oxford by crying. Why, I could find you a thousand men who would be ploughed to-morrow wi:b glory and delight to win one inch race as your brother haa won two.* Julia sighed again. But it sounded now half like a sigh of relief ; the final sigh, with which the fair consent to be consoled. And indeed this improvement in the nvjiio did nat escape Hardie ; ha felt he was on the right tack ; he enumerated fluently, and by name, many good men, betides Dean Swift, who bad been ploughed, yet had cultivated the field of letttra in their turn ; and, in short, he waa io earnest and plausible, that something like a smile hovered tbont his bearer's lips, and she glanced askant at him with furtive gratitude from under ht r silky laahea. But it soon recurred to her that thia waa rather a long interview to accord to ' a stranger," and under tho moon ; so abe aaid a little atifllr, 'And wai thia what you were good enough to wish to tay to me, Mr. Hardie ?' ' Ko, M ii a Dodd, to be frank, it was not. My motive in addressing you, without the right to take auch a freedom, was egotistical. I came he-e ti clear myself ; I-I was afraid you mutt think me c humbug, you know.' ' I do not understand yon, indeed.' ' Well, I feared you and Mrs. Dodd might tbinl I praised Dodd so, and did what little I did for bim knowing who you were, a-.d wishing to curry favoui with you by all that; and that is so underhand an< paltry a way of going ts work, I should despise my leif.' ' Oh, Mr. Hardie,' raid the yonng lady, smiling ' how foolish : why, of course we knew you had ni idea.' ' Indeed I had not ; but bow could you know it ? * Why, we saw it. Do yon think wo hate no eyes and much keener ones than gentlemen have. Ii is mamma and I who are to blaine, if anybody ; w ought to have declared ourselves ; it would bav been more generous, more-manly. But we canna all be gentlemen, you know. It was ao sweet t hear Edward praised by one «ho did not know us it wai like stolen fruit ; and bj one whom athei praise : so if you can forgive us our slyness, there i an end of the matter.' 'Forgive you? you have taken a thora out of m eoul.' ' Then I am ao glad you rummoned courage t epeak to me without oaremony. Mamma wool have 'done better though ; tnt after all, do not know her ? my mamma is all goodness end intell genoe; and be aiaured, air, the doea you justice and ie quite sensible of your disinterested kindnei to dear Edward.' With thia ehe was about to ri tire. 'Ab! But you, Miss Dodd? with whom I hw taken this unwarrantable liberty ?' said Hardie, in ploringly. ' Mr, Mr. Hardie ? you do me the honour to r quire my opinion of your performances : includii of courte thia self-introduction ?' Hardie hung his bead ; there waa a touch i látiro in the lady'« voice, he thought. Her soft eyee rested demurely on bim r. moment ehe saw bo was a little abashed. ' My opinion of it all ia that you have been xe kind to us ; in being most kind to our poor E ward. I never saw, nor read of anything mo generous, nore manly. And then ao thoughtful, considerate, ao delicate! So instead of criticisii you, aa you seem to expect, his titter only blesses yo «od thanks you fnra the very bottom of h heart.' She had begun with a polite composure borrow from mamma; but, once hunched, her arde nature got the better : her colour rose and rose, ai her voice sank and tank, and the last words came i most in a whispei ; and inch a lovely whipper j gurgle from the heart : and, ai she concluded, fa delicate hand came sweeping out with a heave (aught gesture of large ard sovereign cordiality, th made even tba honest words and the dinna tor more eloquent. It was too much : the young mt ardent as herself, and not, in reality, half so time oui, caught fire ; and seeing a white, eloquent ba rather near him, caught it, and preiied bia wai lipa on it in mute adoration and gratitude. At thu she waa lowed and offended. ' Oh ! ke that for the Queen !' cried she, turning sca'let, a tossing hor fair head into th« air, like a ?' artlèd si i and she drew her haod quickly away end decided though net roughl/. He stammered a lowly ap oer; in the very middle of it she said quiet 'Crood-bye, Mr. Hardis,' and swept, with a gi act« little curtsey through the doorway, leaving b epellbound. And to virginal instinct of self-defence carried I off swiftly and cleverly. But none too soon; i on entering : tbebouae, that external oompoiure I two mbthen H-adames Dodd and Nature I taught her, fell from her like a veil, and abe flutte up tbe stairs to her own room with hot cheeks, i panted there like tome wild thing that ha» b grasped at and grazed. She felt young Hard lips upon tbe palm of her hand plainly ; tl seemed to Hoger there still ; it waa like liebt live velvet. This, and the ardent look that he 1 poured into ber etc», ret tbe young creal quivering. Nobody bad looked at her so bef< and DO yonng gentleman had imprinted living ve! on her band. She wai alarmed, aibamed, and caty. What right bad be look at her like th What shadow of a light ta go and kiss ber bai He could net pretend to think she had put it on be kireed ; ladies put forth the back of the hand that, not the palm. The truth was, he wu au pudent fellowj and she hated bim DAW, and bei too, for being io simple as to let bim talk to 1 mamma would not have been io imprudent w i ibe waa a girl. She would not go down, for she felt there n : be something of thil kind legibly branded on { face : * O ! 01 jost look it this young lady ! t hat been letting a young, gentleman kiss the pall iher hand ; and the feel haa not gone off yet : may iee that by her cheeki.' I Bat, then, poor Idwerd ! she must go down. I So she put a wet towal to her tell-tale cheeki, 4riid them with artutic dake, avoiding friction, «ame down ttairi like a moue*, and turoíd the i banals noiselessly, and glided into tba sitting-room looking trahiparent, concious, and all on fire with beauty and animation, that eren Edward wa» startled, and, in a whisper, bade his mother observe what a pretty girl abe was; 'beata all the county girls in a canter.' Hrs. Dodd did look ; and, con- sequently, as soon aa ever Edward waa gone tu Ox- ford, she said to Julia, 'You are feverish, love ; yon have been excited with all this. Yon had bett»r go to bed.' ' Julia complied willingly ; for she wanted to be alone and think. She retired to ber own rocm, and went the whole day over again ; and was happy and sorry, exalted and uneasy, by turns ; and ended by excusing Mr. Bardie's escapade, and throwing the blame on herself. She ought to have been more distant; gentlemen were not expected, nor i deed much wanted, to be modest. A little assurance did not roisbeoome them. ' Beally I think it sets them off,' said abe to herself. Grand total : ' What must he think of me ? ' Time galops in |rsverie : the .'town clock struck twelve, and with ile iron tongue remorse entered her youthful conscience. Wa« this obeying mamma? Mama had aaid, 'Go to bed :' not, go up-stairsand meditate: upon young gentlemen.' She gave an expressive shake of her fair shoulders, like à swan flapping the water off its downy wings, aid to dis- missed the subject from her mind. Then abe said her prayers. Then she rose from her knees, and in tones of I honey said, ' Puss ! puss ! prettj puss ! ' and awaited a roiult. Thieves and ghosts she did not believe in, yet credited cats under beds, and thought thom neither 'harmless'nor'neeessary'there. After tenderly evoking the dreaded and chimrrhal quadruped, aha proceeded none the 1ère to careful research, espesiaUy of cupboards. The door of one refitted, and then yielded with a crack, and blew out the candle. 'There now,' »aid she. It was htr only light, except her beauty. They allotted each Hebe but one candle, in that ancient bargh. ' Weil, ' she thought, ' there ia moonlight enough to undreia by. ' She went to draw back one of tba curtains ; but in the act she atarted back with a little scream. There waa a tall figure over the way watching the house. The moon shone from her Eide of the_ street full on him, and in that iutant her quick eye recognized Mr. Hardie. ' Well ! * aaid abe aloud, and with an indescribable inflexion; and hid herself swiftly in impenetrable gloom. But, after a while, Eve's daughter must have a psep. She stole with infinite caution to one tide of the eui tain, and made an cperture jaat big enough for one bright eye. Yea. there he was, motionless. ' I'll tell marum i,' she seid tojhina, malignantly, as if the sound could reach Lien. Unconscious of the direful threat, he did not budge. She was unaffectedly puzzled at this phenomenon ; and, not being the least vaio, fell to wondering whether he played the nightly sentinel opposite every lady's window, who exchanged civilities with him. ' Because, if he does, he is a foal,* said sb«, promptly. But on reflection, she felt sure he did nothing of the kind habitually, for he bad too high an opinion of himself ; she had noted that trait in him at a very early stage. Sba satisfied herself, by cautious examination, that he did not know her room. He was making a temple of the whole lodging. 'How ridiculous of him!' Yet he ap* peared to be happy over it ; there waa an exalted look iu his moonlit face; she seemed now first to see hil soul tbere. She studied bis countrnance like an inscription, and deciphered each rapt expres- sion that crossed it: and stored thara in her memory. Twice she left her ambuscade to gu to bed ; and twice Curiosity, or something, drew her back. At last having looked, peered, or peeped, till her feet wera cold, and ber face the reverse, abe informed herself that the foolish Thing had tired her out. ' Good-night, Mr. Policeman.' said she, pretending to bawl to bim. ' And, O, do rain, aa bard BB ever you can.' With this benevolent aspiration, a little too violent to be sincere, she laid her cheek on her pillow, doughtily. But ber sentinel, when out of sight, had more power to dicturb ber. She lay and wondered whether he was still there, and what it all meant, and what- ever mamma would say ; and which of the two, she or he, wat the head culprit in this strange perform- ance, to which Earth, the conceived, had seen no parallel; and above all, what he would do next. Her pulse galloped, and her aleop was bruken ; and abo came down in the morning a little pale. Mr». Dodd siw it at otes, with the quick maternal pye, and [moralised-'It is curions; youth ia fond of pleaaure, yet pleasu-e eeldom agrees with youth ; thia little excitement haa dona your mother good, who ia no longer young, but it hts been tob much for you. I shall be glad to have you back to our quiet home-.' Ab! will that home be as tranquil now ? 