ftlovdtet PUT ASUNDER: LADY CASTLE-MAINE'S DirOHCB. CHAPTER XXXYIL—(CoyTiKUED. - By BERTH AM. CLAY, IUTHOB OF HIS OSE TOSTAKE,'' T&HOWK;'OS THE WORLD. 'A tlTRUGGLl: FOR A HV< " A BITTER ATONEMENT, • Isabel appeared at breakfast, BO did Lord" Castlemaine.- They Bpoke little. Eudolph shrugged "hie shoulders when he found his wife would not be at breakfast. , lord Castlemaine did finally say to Isabel: " You say you'dislike Coloneliennox. Why do yon tolerate him; as you didlast night, by taRting him as yon do other men;?" "You torget," said. Isabel Hyc!e, gently; 1 that I am not u leader in society. I have- 0 ohe to support any Btand X may, make., sjly aunt thinks I owe her -a heavy debt of: gratitude for maintaining me here lor two seasons, and the only way I can pay.that debt is by aiding her in every way which she . requires to make her home agreeable and her entertainments a success. I cannot lake an independent course. I wish:! could. . And then, • toD," I may not know about Colonel Lennox "all the evil thpt you -know, of him, for there may be- many things' that wGold not be mentioned before • me." - • • : "That is- ver? true,"-said Castlemaine,• thinking'suddenly that possibly- his wife might be as -innooent.af ithesr-tgcandalsjis; Miss Hyde was. ' , u " . —-'.'-.Afcihe " you have been'mv .kind, faithful-.iriend?SS® respect your opinion above -all-thujgs, and; if you tell me that you think i should ignore Colonel Lennox, I shouldcratauily endeavour to do so in every way in my power.'- • The loiters were brought .in. :.LordrCaBtlev maine .took up his, and as,ho;asked leave to open it he wished that Gertrude-was of as' reasonable ana amiable a temper as Miss Hyde "iliaa Hyde." he said, presently, "l atn called to Neath on business of much import-: once ; I must catch the nest tram. Explain, my absence to (jertrude; say Twill return tomorrow. > ' He hastened-from the breakfast-room, and .scon left the house. • . Isabel wrote a little card to Lady Castle- -maine, laid it with her letters, and Rave them: to Fanny to take to her mistress. In a short time Fanny came to -say that Ludy CiBtle-" mame desired to see Miss Hyde. Isabel foundher still in bed, her; letters scattered about the counterpane. " So Eudolph has rushed off to Neath?" •". " Yes. Are yon going to wear the -willow; in that behalf?". "NoI Eat truly, Isabel, he is so dicta-; tonal, so unreasonable, that I.do not know what to say or do. I feel as if I lived on the side of a volcano, orm wretched earthquake lands. Now here, my mother has written. She is not so well. She cannot leave Bath,- and she has her business to do, and has sent for Mr Grimheld, our solicitor; but then the business cannoj bo done unless she seeL me,; . and she desires me to come down, this afternoon, for three days.. Now, if I go right off, who knows but Budolph will go into another fury over that ?" '• Of course lie eould not. He would not be jealous of your mother.-Nothing can: be more y proper than to go toller; you can take Fanny. There is no question about it. Your mother needs you. She may -be more ill than she says. I should be anxious, were 1 in your place." " . •.. " Andyouthink thai! shouldgo?" "Certainly. There will.be a train at four o'clock, from Common street.. I spent iBeveral. months at Bath, with Aunt Creseon;" "Will you; come with me, Isabel? You would not wish to stay here without me, and' you might as well /go- to Bath as to yoar Aunt."' • '. .. ; " Certainly I will go, if you desire it." - " Well, then, ring for Fanny. I will have her pack my things, and I will write a note to Eudolph, inelosmg my mother's letter. We go at four. I almost think I willfnjoy-it; it will be a:change, and Budolph will have time to come to hiE senses " The lebtBr.to her hnsband was of ihecurtest? Gertrude wfes yet deeply angered at what she oonsidered.. the inexcusable attack of the previous evening. To cut short her pleasure,' her. pretty social triumph with such furious, cruel words 1 . •••-•:• While Gertrude wrote her letters, breakfasted, and had some talk with her - housekeeper, Isabel went-quietly to ihe .nearest' telegraph. «iSce and; sent this -dispatch to ColonelLsnnox: : - . ,"G. and I go to Bath, tiiMj Craven, for three Says; We take the 4 P;M. 'train.?'-; An hour after Colonel Irannox received this hB took the trainjo Charmg Cross station for Ipswich—a journey of which ho took especial pains to inform his friends. At four the next tbe next naming he^eaohedSaih, by Srtrain., from IpBwich, Cambridge, ana Oxford, a roundabout tour, wnieh-the colonel took with" vast delight. „ 4 - An evening with her mother, recounting all social news, and &U; the'events of the season,, reetoied Gertrude's Bpirita. Lady Craverfg i iHneaB were-evidentjy, most o! them, fancied,| she was '•looking feaher than ever. By: Wtumn the iittle iction of ill health would ®li)8 done away with. In tWsmorning eh? WBisted that Gertrude aod Isabel must go*>t» , 0 f a walk, and to drink the waters. Mr. Grimheld was not to oome for busipess tfilk until one o'clock lunch, lady Craven was on S mfl ol great friendliness with her lawyer, worn sh0 baa jjnown jinoa her second )>m iff fasslMnd'f warmest friend. Gertrnde had b^en tomed to rcga»d the lawyer almost as one of her family," and it had been pleasing to her that she ;was also in charge of the affairs of the i Castlemaine estates,'land -highly..- tegardod hyi her husband . Scarcely had the two ladies entered Sydney Gardens, when"they.iweros joined by Golenel •Iiennox,'whomet*them, orymg joyously: •*' Ihis is an unexpected pleasure." !'.It eertainly isunexpectedr'-aaid Gertrude j! 8S she gave him- her hand.: " I . am on a : -sudden summons from my motheritA.s I-- aa^ •before, you meet us as if you were Sfcspiredhy a tell-tale bird or a familiar spirit. "Which is it?' . ." If we were either, the genius «hould;5iavB; my- deepest'-gratitudci said Colonel fennox, with, a glance at -Isabel, unseen tlhy Gertrude.; '^And,.prayt;^hen-«iid jou come? '-askedj Isabel, cajmly. " Day before yeeterday. ', l ieard that .an old friend, a majoi^of my regimentj WaB.here- ;8iclc.' 'r ®hore .^8 i.ft- .strong iraternak leeling.! among ::olScere, you know, andil- came here directly I left My- Craven's tableaux. Very charming,, were they mot 1 X .recall them with joy, I never saw anything so beantiful. We had poetry, pamtiug, and scnlptare all together—a true soul Jeasti. I shall recalliti in distant wilds and jungles or deserts,- many a time, doubtless. The flower show -here is -]ust opening, and is«Md to have some j very remarkable orehidB. - will youwisit it ?" They lingered among the . Sowers until twelve, and Colonel Lennox esoorted them to: Lidy Craven's door. Both Isabel and Gertrude«>refrained from .tneniioiiing.whom; they had met. « Meanwhile Colonel liennox returned to iis; hotel and hie friend. He had, in fact, known ior some time that >» disreputable-*>ld major? of. his aoqnaintaneolwas Sryingv With.Bath water, to restore - a system destroyed by hrandy, but ie had no idea 'of visiting him: until he -lound that he tsould make /him <t good excuse for his Bppearanoe m Bath. : > ' " And how have you spent tho morning?" asked the major, v'iloet oharmingjyi I -met Miss -Isabel, Hyde, a brunette, who drove; London society quite wlfd two seasons einoe, Bnd yet reigns • in maiden meditation, 'fanoy, ,tee.V . And,: also, Lady Gertrude, who crowned jher .first season* by marrying the Karl if Castlemame." " I know," said the major,-eagerly ; ",a .great beauty, and a-tremendous fortune. Her ^ mother enjoys the income from ihe estate, but the entire ; property of her • father will revert to the; daughter. . Ab l Castlemaine was in rare luck always. He had all that fortune could give "him in his ownAehalf, and; gets what the Erenoh call an enormona dot' with hia wife He'll have it ^11." G " Ko t if he happens to die bofore his mbtherin- law," said Jj4nnox. . : .-. . . • " Not much • likelihood;-a young" fellow made of iron, and moral as a prior." •Or if he Bhouldh&ppen; to—get divoreed," said Lennox, "before his mother-in-law died. In that case-the lady -would- inherit in4er: own behalf." "-DivorcecH"criedthemB3or,.wi4ha-roar, of laugbter."Eouclon t-^eem to knowthat' that was a love match, and fcatlj&dy; Castle, mamo.'aa Mifes Oraven and-as ;Jjady Castle-/ mamej-is-; a-trueTiaodel: of -propriety;. - The' Snow Quocn-^the White Sosej thejBay.''- "No doubt—no ^ouht:; tout modern society is «o^queerly-constituted, .andr;sooial-iite:has : now so many fantastic -ways, one never 'knows what may happen." ; ",3Sspecial)y .when such mBn-as yoliiarelet; 1ogs3 on society, Lennox," said the major, .Sncerlngly, , 3am jiotf-Bumherea'among^he-yGsBflefljord • Castlemaine ;re1K^ea liome to' fihd -hiBVifeandJeabeliabsent^ndthecoldnote of Gerttude, -contamiug the letter of her mother, cxplained>he absence, but did not comfort his heart. Going to dine at hig ctuhj-he heard Colonel Lennox mentioned ;with.the news ijfcat he had gone to Ipswich; and^also,, that his regiment: might at any instant be ordered to Egypt. Lord Castlemaine felt tempted to foment wars and discords abroad, so that by the withdrawal of a dangerous element he might have peace at home. •-. • •. ; , - • . Gertrude returned at the'-time appointed, and there secmed a trbce to domestic strife. The breach was sadly ^wide; the coldness he- : tween the -married pair: was evident enough to put Isabel,-who pretended to .ignore it, : m the highest spirits. There were 310 more looks of tender love, eager confidences, true, heartfelt compliments ; each heart , was wounded,; each one ielt-the otherthe most to blame, and neither proud .heart .would bend to blame itself. In another inonth.they would go to Neath for « rest, after the excitement of the season; To that Lord Castlemaine secretly looked for- <ward. -;He-would have his wife to himself, and mutual explanations and mutual forgive- ness might follow. He did not wish even Isabel Invited ts accompany them.- .. . Lsdy Gordon gave a garden party. Her gatdan-partieswereoonaidered.the very crowning festivities of the season—thelovely grounds atraeiarcadia; • - Isabel wes charming in pink and puffed tulle; but what was Isabel in comparison with the beautiful Lady Castlemaine, mi dress ol the faintestfihadeof-lilBe, trimmedwithwhite -water-lily bads:m;her;gjl(len hair, water-lilies half-open about-hersnowyshDnlders thatoutv water-Jihes showing their fragrant hearts of- gold, drooping from 'her dainty waist, along the shimmering iolds to h°rfeet Lord Oastlemaine's heart grew very tender to so much beauty.- They had been together then friends had called'saoh oneaway.- Suddenly Lord Castlemaine met the two fricndB whom he had overheard talking in the clubhouse., and the sight of them always reminded him ol the able csneidssnegg of husbands. He turned to find his wife. He went here and there;.: Finally he SBW, her. Erergreens formed a eirele around a lonntain. In ihat. seclusion and coolness, he heard his wife's sweet tones mingling with the plash ofwaters; She «at on the marble basin cl the fountain, and was idly floatmg-in the water a lily she held in her own white hand. She was look-- mg up and chatting with some one, who bent ovcrher-with evidentadmiiationan everyline of his face. "That man was Solonel L?nnox, CHATTER XXXVIII. i CRISISOF FATE, When Lord Cosllemaine saw the pair by the fountain, he was wild with jealous rage That any man should-.dare look on his "wife with such adoring -admiration' The fact was, that Gertrude ha,d become accustomed to Colonel Lennox's 't)doring,v passionate-gaze, and merely considered it "his way of loot-, mfr," without-considering what it meant. His first impulee was to spring forward, seize his wife's hand, pnd lpad her away— £way-from;t bc.:garfen-partyi«wayfromIion-: don, sway from-Bngland 1 Bat Z,»rd Castle, mamoihelongeai-to saalass whioh^aweser hot may be ats paBsioij, is ^cbooJfdSn «elf-control s lepression, decorumr'these^were his earheat lessons,.Heoheckedhimselfamojnent to take his breaih—io beoome rnaBter offhimflelf. "In .that moment the Duke of Porteea, :!With'Lady:Gordonon4iis»rm, iste'pped-from the circle of evergreens «nd^tood.;<t>efore:!the countess-and theiolonel. ft •Iiord Castlemaine- sftlJnol near enough io :heaT what was <sai3^but^there;«re< action? that have a clear voice. After the ioterchange of a iew sentenpea, Lady Gordon laid her hand on the colonels arm, and they moved out ol Bight, whil? Jh? pyk? ol gmMW&lPG;&tytei; H S 1 andithey directed their steps towarflelho oon- HBtvatory. Lord Castlemaine understood it all. 3?he; conduct-of his wife was giving ri a e to com-; meat and suspicion; Lady Gordoniad-inter ; -yenea to.aave "the imprudent Gartru'Se frdm her own folly • the fatherly old duke was quietly defending Lady Cistlemame fiom e dangerous mas. Rudolph's heart burned hotly. His Wife ^n. 1 this terrible position 1 But he 3nu"t-eontrol : himself; they were neat'him T-^a eyes ofhusband and wife met. His flamed mdigna : tion; here shot defiance. Possibly the rood Juke «aw ihes6 signals of waTfare, ~aud so threw himself into the breach. ' r "Ab,Castlemame 1' he oned, "your wi'e has honored me bj goiDg with tneio ece L^dy • GordoiTafamoua-rhoaoaenaroti-Jttook-theprjas at the show in ItaeeH Square last? .week 3 theref orS;:it'as ;the;finest Trhododendron 5 in Xiondon, in EBgland, in all-the world, and - we go to pay oui homage to it, I Jo-not wish to tesign my lair partner, age is now graced by beauty. Will you come with us, or aref you satisfied with the oomgany phe is in ?". Lord Castlemaine bowed low. ^ ** " My. wife could not be m better company -; than Ehe'is in now" f Gertrude understood him. ~Ee had sees - her with Lennox. The hand on the duke's arm trembled a little, and her bosom heaved quickly. She wished that she Were alone,' -that she might hurst Into angry -tears.; She was; ;the&;rwatched,':»piBd^ondemned;l There would tdllow further scenes of angry crimination and zecnmination. -Gertrude 1 3id not love Quarrelling. She preferred peace, hut a peace in which she might have her own - way. Bather than yield to injustice, io in •dignities,-4o arbitrary ruIeSj she-would.quarrel-; No rths bitter end. Probably -a -beautiful rhododendron was never looked on with more wandering and less admiring eyes. Lord Castlemaine withdrew from the frt quented Wa7ks, iie ooaH not bear to meet anyone. He took a sccluded seat; ;and; save - himself .up to.hitter; thought. JEvery wind-Btirred leaf, every chirping.bird; v every -hUmmingMnsect seemed-echoeing-con---.; 'demnations of-the folly of Gertrude; j What.' hope was • ,there.^or one headBtrong against. •counBel,-leniect:to;vice,!careleBBofherown dignity? He did not know that only the first of these ohsrges hdd-good against iGer--; trade. ...Lady Gordon,came and placed herself at -his aide ; ehe laid her.hand.on his arm. " You loo1>. sad, my -friend J" 3iord Castlemaine knew that ,she hadsome- ; thing to say, and if this subject must bo 1 «pened,.'iietter within old fnend hke Lady Gordon, a woman of gojd jaigjiejc, ta»u with any other. " I am sad," he said. " I am bitterly dis appointed, much-perplexed." *' The task o£ guiaing a beautiful wife, so ; young;as yours, : through the quicksands:of modern aooiety is not an . easy -one,"- said-; Lady Gordon. " You most .remember that - what makes it so hard is the verv fbmg we mo=t admire. Innocence,incapable of wrongdoing, ignorant even of what wiong is; aim-,, jheity and frankness that conceal nothing— these-make Gertrude's danger." _ ' " To think' that wife could be in - -danger 1" -- ' \- " Hot-'ia 'danger of any wrong doing, bs. - 4ieve meji-hnt : of ionticiBm^nd,, slanderous; Jtongaes. - -roa- ahould warn her -Egamst •Colonel Lennox He 13 paying her veiy • .pointed^ttention. and she doe^notinos? it." '•I have warned her m the strictest manner, - over and over." " It Is a great p'ty," said Lidy Gordon, "that modern fooiety admits freely men;; OJit-"jnn'oeent^yotmg-:matrotm-M : d-:ffiai(3ena..- should4i)Bj)fliiiahe(li hut enough to begin-a-jJsirsyatamof blackballing " * S " Then, as sudh men cannot be banished, the only thing that remains is ito tale the' unfortunate women that '-they? venture to admire out of tbelr way." "I think that is the best plan. Bytbei next 'season he will no ' doubt he gone, and •she will have-gamed experience.", .. . - , 7 "I have thought -o£ going at onco to Neath." ; "Ishould do so. I'havc passed.those idle hints unheeded, as nothings -, though 1 did -think it ; a J itsle recKless of Gertrude-to ask a man like-Lennox to a garden.luncheon; I have heard, -too, that he has -said he should give a dinner- at Greenwich, and hoped that Lady Castlemaine; would honor him by presiding. Bat-when I. heard-that he-followed her to Bath, it really seemed, to-me-to . be; going too far." "'To Bath l.'faltere5^iord-GasHemaine,=his. heart growing oold. ; ;-•' . • .• :. . "A friend of mine wrote that ho saw . Gertrude and -Isabel- an the Sydney Garder.s with .Golonel Lennox;. si,thought as,the:news' had so come to'-mei it-might equally, have reaohed . others, and lest idle tongues should; : begin to talk; when I found hehad wandered off alone with her, I went and took him away." «' I thank you " Sat the tone of these -words made Lady Gordon tremble. " I beg your pardon, my friend," she said, ;" remember that >in such .a case great gentlenfess'is' needed as .great firmness. I assure you, your -wife is as pure -and-simple .as a, child;- You must-be -tender.; I should -have had my sonitmned; ifito great firciness, J;had not known how to add patience and-tendornesg " ; ',' AlUo: not possess - those gracious qualities," said Lord Castlemaine. " They piusi cultivate, ihem;. --.They,-.are indispensablei : .You ;must seek- them,- my friead. You. will repent'oall harshness. Be gentle; -i^Ssmfember,- ! .also, -'jihat .ievery• godS and perfect gift is- from above, and-cometh^ down from the Father ol light'" ' :3?reB8iDg 3jord ::Gastlemaine'B: harid, La3y; Gordon moved off among her- guests. Lord and Eady Castlemaine were the first to take leave. "I do not wish to go, J ' said Gertrude,' pettishly. " I am-enjoymg -myself. Isabel is: not ready. Send the carnage back for us," "Isabel-can-be left under the chaperonage: of her aunt 1 desirethat you will accompany, me at once "" iKot a word was spoken on the way home. ;; .-i-i'ifervea-at homej fLord Castlemaine said "Gertrude, will you loudly come -to "the 4ibrary$ Iwish to^pealiwith yon " " I-cannot. I am tired. ,1 must -go and; •change toy ^IreBs." " That jian avait. I insist upon -you earning, to hear what I-have Jo say." With a haughtystep Gertrude entered the; library, and threw herself into a chair. - " Well,?" She BEid.BharpTy. \ " Gertrude, yofi have not regarded my -wishes about Colonel Lennox " " fJilteat Colonel 1j»nnox- juat as I tregt othere. iHe is nothing to me.' • "1 do not wish him treated as others. He is unworthy of it.' ' "I,Cannot make myself absurd byJ?atiaons of -conduct, as if I thought aiiyraoquainr - iance was of any consequence " " You could regard my wishes if you would. y-negleoting'ihem , '.you-are.-ma%ingsy»urselt the subject -of suspicion and of the most unpleasant remarks. ,-The Duke of Portsea m3 L^iy ""Gordon were, to day obliged to make evident effort to sarejay wjfe from scandals ^ind me lrom ilwgrape 1M- ^ . ^Gertrude fitished; erimBcn. . n " What-do you mean-?" <he cried. I can jate care of myself 1 "Who -toes -speak harshly of v ^ , " Tlery many envious tongues,^nd you ars „ »ffordlngNihem -cause You ,are jno snore japable pf taking care -pf youfseli than^a ch^d wsfmt fl the ^merf^ I —you jre not. f You have deceived me. j Yon met Colonel lennox^atjEath " — " I know I did 1" erieB Gertrude, "jnst as I might meet others. 1 n o t know he was there' ho went before'I did. Isabel and I mei him by ehanoe st the gardens, and "he walked to my mother'i floor with us,' {She irefrainedifromimeSioning.;otH*eraDeetiiigs-at Baih, why add fuel tp the flame?) "How •daTe you say I deceived you ? Do you not Jniow that I scorn a iifc and all deceit tell you it was mere accidenVthat meeting." " Since you say jso I believe it, on your art, Jbut not on his *It was no accident his f emg "muted here to lunch. 1 ' "I did not mean to do-that," said Gertrude, \--"it was-anaeeitatig-away.-Bat why-should I notinvitghim? Btto a man that I, like. Other people like him, and uivite him; why; should •yourjealous- ji^iemper.jntaeonatraint on my-most innooeSfEctB j-'' ^ % "I am appBlled-a%on, I blush for youl ';: ;oriedLord;;GaBt)em|iiiei ".Oolonel-Lermox -iaaman.of.-bad^afaeter-and-had.hie; -will" lyon.not.behevewhiglBayio you, agamand again-?" 'j - "-I-believe that you"ljeIieve,.bta; 1 do_not_ -believeitia -eo.- --Erejudica-'haaibliodeSij'Oli. I see other people receiving and appioving :him 3. -I see the queen honormg him ; :I heax :him sxprees -the^noblest sentiments; J know; that he ig aliero; I " '-iBtioughJ" cried Lord Castlemaine, in ; turated "I would not iave beheved that; you could tlunk or say eueh things. We go. to Neath to-morrow mining. I will eave my honor. Will you give orders to Fanny to. pack your wardrobe at once ? " s " No, I wi'l not 1 "-cried Gertfude. 11 1 will not be dragged off like a criminal, I will not be shut up like a-maniac 1 have engagements to the close of the season. Isabel has been invited to remain with-U8, and we cannot close our doors to her. You will make me the talk; Cf-Eooiety." "You are fast making yourself that," said -Lord Castlemainefangnly.' V-If you wili not give the order to your maid, I- must ;: for we:- shall-leave -in: the ten- o'clock tram to-morrow. .A-Bfor Miss Hyde, she -can go to her; aunt, or ask an invitation from Lady Gordon;- Lady Gordon, at least, will qnderstand why we go," \- • " If my mother were here J would go to herj,and,free;.you o£ responsibility for me,", .cried Gertrude Husbandsicannotsbe freed from lesponsK; ; bility m such a way," said Lord Castlemaine. -^.I should not allow-yon to stay in London. Tt is my duty to remove you Irdrn. scenes of temptation "and danger, in which you evidenily do not Inow how to tguide yourself.. Will you-give your order to Fanny ? " : - , " Decidedly I will not." Lord Castlemaine rang the bell for the butler^ ^ "Bobert, you will send a page with a telegram to Heath,-saying that we;Ieave for-there w ih6 ten tram tomorrow and will '•emain \- there for the rest of 1 the -Bummer, i You will; arrange with the housekeeper for closisg this house for the season at or.ce. Order my man to paoball myihings-immediately- -for:- leav- - ing;; and take for Lady Castlemaine an order to.Fanny tO'pack ber lady's wardrobe for im- • mediate departure, and have all ready for the; -mornmg.tram,-if she has to. work,;all- night,' We will have no delays " "The butler-bowed. Ho was too discreet to look at his lady; but ehe was standing, inapparent indifferencp, looking out into the garden. When the butler had gone she turned to leave the room ' - "Is there anfthing else you wish, Gerti;ade-?--':BaidJiordCaEtlema.me,.m'an-uiif orta-i -nate-attempttorcarry- out-Ladj-Soriloii'B projjramme'ci genfleilecs sion, "-exceptthat Iliad never «een-you You, -havedisgppomted-^me. —2'ou , -are- : nolj--aB.X thought you. You are my enemy. You are -cruel and delight in mating me wrefche3. D wish Thad retained my freedom. You takepleasure in showing me that I am no better than j-our.BlaTe. -At-leaBt-a Blave canexirciae the-iight of hating the cham 1" Sae lift the room with these words. -She •Was swept-away ;in a. frenzy o£ paseion. In -all her hfe Bhe had- been petted aud indulged, • and if her mother had desired her to pursue - .any espECial-»-eonrse1:-- it.:;had ,.been -craitily- -arranged eo -as -to -seem -dictated' by. -herself; -Here was the firEt inatahc-e of -reproach, -of •correction, of candemnation that she had ever known. And ehe bad been attacked m a point where 5he.-felt .herselE~so lanoeent, so above ail challenge. Had she -not always : rebuSea the'^ompliments of the colonel 1 Had " -he -ever iheen-asked 4o her home jexcept to that one-tea,rand:to;that;fatal;i!inch„when Isabel really iad- invited him ? - - Had.she not always loved and admired her huehanS, and had- she • ever-in tte -slightest thought of her heart given him cause for jealousy ? And now she. was to be made the puppetof his jealousy, toy of the Castlemaine temper! She hurried: to ierhoudoir and 'locked her-;. 1 self .in,'.without stopping to take ofi her .festal; splendors, where-the water-lilies were already drooping and 'lading over the sheen of the Bilk. CH&PTBR; XXXIX. . '"i - so Horns W11EHE UEAKX IS SOI. - Night brings counsel. When fust Gertrude went to her- room she was resolving on -0 thousand wild and futile schemes.- She .would Bend a telegram to her mother and make her come quickly and -open her own house in Fortman Square, and take her daughter home. But she knew that Lady Craven would not do that, lady Craven, abhor-recUcandals; of- all things. She would not he a party to her daughter breaking up i her married life and home Lady Craven's full ambition had been satisfied when she made her daughter a countess, and she would: consider -,it :»;.very5imBlWhing-tOTSafiKfice an. acquamtance, andia'-Jittle self-will, for the; sake of the coronet and the splendid position of the Castiemames. Then Gertrude wished' she might run away-and lose herself to every GQewhom -ebe had known. She had read of, people who lived quiet.y in .Jittfe, unknown; lodgings, and went and came as they ohose, who had no one to moleBt tnem, and lived in humble peace. She recalled the pitiful words of Anne Boleyn : I swear 'iis hettir to be lowly born, And- rangewith-humhlelovera meontent,- ;-': ThSn to be perked up m a glistening -grief, And wear a ^golden Borrow." ; ^ForimoreathanstwoihoursiGertrudepursued; :;in'iaUat|smaaeB3hisidreamsiofi: disappearance; and a fbwly life. Toverty she had never known, even far oS,_an& it had no terrors for her. It ,waa a vision .and a plan that after-: wardjjirovedintterlyijdlsaEtroustoJier.-.fi.Eanny.- :iwaB.hnsyjmHie;ad3oiniiig-roomsj=malung5teady^ ;-forithe;fiepartarei,>!Gerirn<3e3finilly.':campoBedj her Bppearance^^rid called the igM to aiil "her' m changing ther-teefi. She would give rise to W '.^urmiseB;sandi®npertiBenti-iaacnssionF; smong servants, and il she fiaally concluded onanyplan^hemustbecalmand-Btrongito" carryat out. t At dinner lime hejwent' down, cold and stately, Sbut herliUBoand^haS left word that he should ainejvtTiis club "Isabel came runing m, all alert. 1 " Gertrude 1 "why did you Jeave so early? Were you ill? '4 i" No—quite the contrary—Eudolph wished 'it.' ' - - 3 " Whati-ipity. It was such s. dehghtful party. "I made quite a oonqnest ot an old; Indian pabob—he had been married* to nil ,|jegum.With,no .end-<3l:ireaBareBi died: andjie possessed all. If 1 felt quite sure lei jpould follow go laudable an-exawple, "I would; possibly tak/hia name lor a little while, tol Jiayehisappees for q long whiles But, Ger- Vh/^e yoq BP fsle snfflnH? Sou are ill; and I seem to hear the stir ol preparation in the house—the breaking up ot a camp. What does it mean?' "It means," said Gertrude, with repressed pfession, " that Lira Castlemaine sees fit to break upTiere without warning, and order the fhouseholdsdonntosNeath to-morrow merning.' I am very sorry for your frabc! It Is most disgraceful of us to inoommode you an this -way. You do sot wi^hio^go home until the; close of the season Yjou will not want to jo to Lady-Oreseon J ' " My dearest' I am disturbed, not on my account but your». i-can go to Miss Ailerion -she has psked me repentedly, and I am to be) her first indteaiaid you know, as I wasyourr. ; It5a unlucky for a girl to ba- first brides maid often ^ she is never bride " " So much the better lot her 1" cried Ger-; trude with emotion. " My deaTestl" said-Isabel, taking her hand,; and caressmg it. -«3 am eo grieved for you. I understand this It is Castlemaine pride, and Castlemaine jealousy. .But the: method is medireval. I had no ideq this - Lord Castlemaine would follow the example of ins ancestors." w 5 rrf (Vhttt example do 30a -mB&n; ?' "Why, do jou Sot "know? Are you Be - little read in the traditions ol your ancient' family." "Ii is not my family. I believe I hate: antiquity-and pedigree " "So do I, always except in the directions ; of old lace and hereditary jewel*. Bat the; instances are these Charles IF. looked - approvingly at atiady Castlemaine—not that; she ever <aw the look—but the lord and master promptly carried her off to Neath,: and Hhere gar isoned himself with her in safety, till .the -period of their joint lives.;, Another Lady G&stlomaine;, of a musical: taste, admired a bBritoneor a basso, or some other light of the opera, quite harmlessly, you' know, as we would admire a good otgan or pMsibl.v,a jnus!c-boi, »nd she also was swept ' oiSto Neath, and the never eatnle back.: For her -no .more opera,-or theaire, -or hall, or garden party, or high tea,or tableaux! Poor soul, ehe might better have died and done -with it ?;; Why did she not take -a. dose of poiBon.or ens'aBpic.' lifce-Cleopatra." - " If -either of them had any sense, when they were tired of cajjtmty, they might have run away ard hidden themselves." There were no railroads in thoBe days, nor eteam vessels to the Continent, or to the otheri.de of the world. My dear Gertrude, if you mean to resort to such desperate measures, lay by you -a noble store of pinmoney and jewels, 1 lor. m this age even a heromecannot live without cash." Dinner was served. ;' In the.centre.of- the table;stood-a - splendid haHket of white lilaos^rthtirperfume filled all the room. ; . " White lilacs so late in the season!" cried Isabel, and running to the table, she- bent overj. drew the centre-piece to her, and buried her face in the snowy, fragrant mass.-; " Slowers;! -flowers 1" she '.whiepered; ".vou are ,my -witnesses. • Am I- not keeping.my vow ? - A-iittle longer, and all will ba done I"; Shortly after dmner-Gertrude excused her-- • self to-Isabel and-went to-her room; A hctlc later Lord.Castlemaine came m,-and finding:; Isabel m the drawmg-room, explained as well : as he could the sudden departure. " Pray don t speak of it. I thmk you are very wise. You are (bmg jast right. I will go to Miss Allerton. I have sent her a note. 1 , On, I envy GertruSe going down to that lovely home, eo safe, so sweet, so noble 1 Nothing" to do but bo good and happy. Ah, If I had; a home like-Heath,.-! think I should ask nothing better than to lire there all the time, doing good to-my tenantry; making the coun - try better and happier, -and npbu Iding the .glory Df anjilustnous historic name,' \- - MijjtattaougJit counsel Certrade sawplaiely that her own dignity required that she should go quietly ±0 "Neath. It-she made any esca . pades.-it must-he when driven to greater ex - tremeg. As for Lord Gastlem&ine;, his heart hadgrown apaihetio with excess ot his musing . Hedid not know that;he was misjudging his young wife.. The:, lavely fabric ol his hope and affection-seemed to have fallen in.,rums, about him; The future waa hopeleHfl—the pre- •gent was pain, - : Lord and B^dy ;Oastlemaine' breakfasted alone in utter eilenee. .••• - l ; - * In silence they entered the carriage io go to' the station—in silence they made the journey; to Neath;- m -the reserved, first-claBB car. It was only about a year since; foil of joy and hope, Gsrtrude -had gone - to; her: new •home after her bridal tour. Then time was - all to short for the overfiowing words of aflec-' tioa between the married lovers. Now all was gloom and silence. Gartrudo fixed her gaze upon the landscapewas^bsautiful Kent,-with its low, green hillf; its cathedrals,'; its villages, its thatched cottages. Xiord-Castlemame read the Lrodon , Intensely -truthful and honourable, Gor-; trude waB wounded in .her : tenderest sensibi. ties by the suspicions and accusations of her. husband. Oae of .her traits was obstinacy, Xnd in:this s"he:shut heraelf up. -She would never yield; -Bndolph must come to -see: that hehadwMnged her, and must make the-hum-': blest apologies. Shedid not know that she could , forgive him'even then. On his part,-Lord Castlemaine, beholding her anger and gloom, attributed it to her interest in- Colonel -iennor, and distress- at; being parted from him. He could not have made a greater mistake. All the joy of a return to his sifcasiral home, whichhe deeplylovedj-was taken from Lord Castlemaine. 1 - Gertrude;rfigarded Nsath(-as. a r;prisoa,.-and; hated it cordially. A divided life now began between this illfated pair;; Very«ften -Gertrudedidaetcome; jo breakfast. If she did, she mother husbihd, with a cold nod, and the two read their letters - and their newspapers -as they sipped their tea: :and'ate;iheireggs.and;toast.':iAfterbreakfas»;i Lord Castlemaine busied himself with the? cares of a great estate; he wrote, and saw his steward in the library -, he took long rides to -examine different farms, or visited cottages; that were in need of repairs, or school houses . which should be improved. A year before, all plans, all interests iad : been discussed with Gertrude. She had gone ' with him on-horEebaok to the farmB; she had; enohanied all the tenants with her-oouitesy; - .she had called at the school houses; and fascinated the old bachelor rector in the rec- ; -ioryj andvisited the cottftges;aoattering, gifts; with a bountiful hand. The two met it dinner, hut neither asked the other how the day had hoen spent, "there'; were no animated discussions. Gertrude did; not tell Budolph of the young mother whom ? she had found "weeping over her dead babe, - not ot the aged widow whom she had comforted, nor did Budolph ask Gertrude lor-a^ or ioi a .christening robe Jor a jiaby on aome farm near EedmoSs. After dinner, Lord Castlemaine read alone in HIB library, or -smoked hftcigar as he paced the-terrace. Iisdy Csstlemame walked alone i an her hands, or sat down -to her piario, r which she pointedly left if -her husband appeared. Such a life au ,tbla js killing, especially if It intervenes like a^udden^frost on the warm, -budding spring ol youth. Lord Castlemame had -the relief -of occupation, ^or he was a landlord who realized his duties tgward his ; dependents. "Gertrude had two sources of ? rehef, one was long walks,-and hbnra of wandering in the wide «nS beautiful igroupda of" Heath Abbey. There -she found'not -only ; inm gardens, shaven lawns, parks delicately ; -Cleared'olall undergrowth, but wild streatns,; deep, -lonely' dells, thick, woods, winding smgn^ »hc firs, where Jor hpnia would-hear- no step save -her own. - She -bocame accustomed to these lonely rambles, and her-servants became accustomed to seeing her .^o.?for;hours unaccompanied, :te wander in the abbey parks. The year before she had been deeply inter : ested in the tenantry, ^Fpecially the poorer cJass, Her unbounded generosity found coops ambng these, who looked up toiler as a visible Providence. The large sum which ehe received as " pin money' from her hu»- band, and that other large Bum, which Lidy Graven relieved her mind by ••reeularlviremittiDg to her heiress daughter, enabled her to supply every want that came to -her krow ledge The housekeeper, mindful ot her lady's -.disposition, ,as .soon-;as>she-returned-to the abbey, laid before her all ca6es ot need—this one sick, that old dame gone blind, the mother whose children needed to b' fitted ,out =;for : school, -j^Jie :baby ; that must have clothing, the lame hoyth&t; wanted a wheel ohair the young gul that should learn a frade. Gertrude W3S too generous to turn a- deat ear to any of these pleas, and in them sEe found someaellefsfor her Borrows. In her hours of lonely musing aa she rest lessly.wandered,nlone; ehetoedto formsome plan for.her future;. ThiB-hfe would rbecome unendurable; she would go mad. After a while .she would innst on going to her mother .at'Elstdale'Pai'k.-in Sussex; her own future estate. , . Meanwhile, , not knowing what might happen, she recalled Isabels advice about money, and weekly put a sum into a leaked casket »n her boudoir. Bhe never counted it to see how rnaeh she had, but the very fact -of this-savmg caused her mind often to revert to that plan :ot flight,: of- losing herself to all who had ever known her, and pursuing life in her own way.. She felt sure that Eudolph, it he had ever loved her, had now changed love to . hate,' and she. never considered that disappearance would crush, her mother's-hap pwess.. She : supposed that - society would console her mother for anything. • She did -not yet know a mother's-heart., • . One evenmg, as Lord Castlemaine was returning to theabbey, his,soul full of - bitter pain over -hiB lost love and bhghted home, he saw a young carpenter of the village neanng his own village.This youDg fellow had been married two or three months before the earl, who had^given him a splendid set of .tools as a bridal gift. Now this young workman : was -going home with eager face and long, swinging-strides.;, and now, from his door came out the young wife, joy in her pretty face, a little -infant in " a gown of sprinkled pink' 1 lying'on her arm, and weat to -meet her husband, whom ehe greeted with , a kiss. The young fellow kissed,.also, his-babe, whom he regarded with'evident pride and astonishment at its beauty and brightness; then taking his wire's hand,-they walked home, the mingled sound of their happy voices-coming clearly to the earl on the evenmg air, and sending arrows of anguish through his .soul; When he lifted his head again he was passing the window of a cottage, arid -there withm, sat Gertrude,: in her white dress of Indir mull, and her clusters of roses;- and on her Iap lsythe cottager's babo in its white christening.robe; How lovely was Geitrude ; what -sweetness in -her .face, bent-above the httle babe.-The picture ipursued her husband and filled his dreams through all the night. CHAPTES XL 4 EE\DEB PEiiT. "Gertrude," said- Lord- Castlemaine. the next morning, laying Uown his paper when the servant had left the breakfost-room, "can you not try and be 3 little happ er here ? You have lost all your say spirits I think you ire a little pale, and yoj ajre listless and sad- .C.»n'younnos;bast;:away Air^hat^s.riinpleasant'i m the past, and be happy T' "No, I cannot 1' said Gertrule, sharply. - " And Why not, Gertrude ?" "BsoauEe l -have- nothing to -be happy about." " It seems'to mej on thexontrary, that you are one whom all can envy; healthy youth, oeauty. fortune,^posiiion, home——" • : ^'.Prison, you -mean,", lnterrnpted Gartrude. ' You can fasten birds up m a cage, but you cannot make them sing there;-' - • " I am sorry if my home—if Neath Abbey, 16 a prison to you." " I hate ; Neath Abbey 1" cried . Gertrude hotlv. " Can I take you anywhere where you will be -happier. - Will: you go to 'Switzerland ?- Or shall I take sou to our shooting lodge, up in the Hignlands. You may like the scenery there." " I do not wish to be ta7;«i anywhere. It is the taking that I ooject to. You speak ae if I were an infant or-an idiot, and as a. married woman-,I suppose .legally I am the latter." " Gertrude, you curprbe me 1 ' Why do you cherish these feelings toward me." " Because you have given me the bitterest; occasion. You took me away from Linden., against my will, and as if I were a criminal ! .Everyone-is wondering.- aad talking. Agnes Scourton wrote me that there a thousand wonders over it, and Isabel says she is weary sol: answering -questions about Lady Castle- •mame. You have disgraced ine, and deliber-. ately ruined my life. You oould not have been more cruel. You said once,-that you conldbo eruel to-one you fondly-loved. 1 must take the cruelty then as a proof thai onoe you loved me, though it is a poor proof, .andlwould rather haveless love andless hate.' 5 T-Beheve me,-Gertrude, I have loved you, I do love yon with all my heart—with the wholi strength of my nature." " And you prove it by making me miserable-r-eauselessly miserable! -1 wish none of. such love " The servant's letum prevented further talk, -and<rertrude hastenedito- her room to avoid continuance of the conversation. . v.'Lord Castlemaine told himself .that this was the wilfulness of » high-temperefi girl, -who was "unused-to any interference. Bj. •degrees the excitement- ahd passion ot her leaving London would be a. thing.ot the past.; and ^hey would be reconciled. . , He had hoped that there being alone would draw them nearer together, and restore mutual confidence..; It seemed,'-io sput. -them farther a=under. A thud party would make it needful for them to speak more together, and foe more cordial than now. He would request Gertrude-to-innte friends. . As tor Gertrude, the short conversation in which she had sb illy met her husband s pacific advances aroused to iresh heat all her anger. As she had said, she nourished an in tense hate of Neath She hated the family relics the armorial hearmge, all that bespoke? the antiquity of the Jine. She told herself that - 'itwasipride'or.pedjgree-iiiatmado.-Bufiolpb so exacting 4 he felt that he could dominate. her because " his family was better than hers"" He had said so. Wnat an inj<ultl Of all things she hated the picture gallery with the ' famiiyportraitsi;.. shehatedihose dark, proud, self-confident lords;.«very one looking as if hecried," Castlemaine against the world I " "It is just the story o£ the old French sieur put into English 1" cried Gertrude to herself. There is the-pope, and there is the king, but I am a Castlemaine 1" But ®f aU things she hated-the portraits ol. the Ladies CaBtlemtune—those mild, delicate .featured.meEk'LsaieE -Gastlemame.-.SoffieoJ; the earliet ones'possibly ,had hardly knewibow; to lead. IHny of them tor sole accomplishmentajplBjing on ;the"spmefc, and woriing oil: the tambour frame, hut they had all known how tovobey, and i4 was this feminine meek» - andweafeiesa thathadrmnedtheearla ot Castlemaine. Well, atlast-there should bea LadyCastlemainewho would her own ^ 8ght to 1 1 1 wish," she cried to them in her tury, that you would ali - come alive out -of - your trames justone minute,-to -hear>what- idiots •tthink youi and let you kpow that" I am a It would be worth higher spirit, than. you. , something-even.tD disgrace;the name of such a weak-minded- line of -counteBses, - not ona of you able-to claim your 1 own BOUI for your. own 1" \- Gertrude's state of excitement was . such that -she-did not see- theabsurdity of-this outburet to the family portraits.- She was- in a -emgularlysexcited'-in^rvous -state which aha'' did not:reahze and. the-fa-ue cause of which: Gho did not gueS3. • ., Unfortunately, the only Teason that Lard Gastlemaine could asBign'-for .his -wife's- coa-. tmued agger and tfbstmacy was the liogaring regret for Colonel Lennox, Ha waa of an intensely jealous disposition, and he had heard people Bay that -Colonel : Lennox was ,-a -man singnlarly.-fasemating to.imd6t:womea, and able to exercise over them themost unbounded : influence. jThe idea that.Colonel Lennox had .daredtofollowhis wifg toBith 1 Even thoughhe/accepted- Gtertrnde's statement that shehad nothing to do with it, it showed clearly that -the-ooloaelwas snJSeissitlyjnterested to watch all her. movements, and that he had felt con- Qdent .of a.good reception at her hands. Snil, Gertrude was his wife-; he loved : her Well. Thmgs -might go back to nearly- the old tender footing,, if she would lay aside her piquevand treat him as in happy days. She was guilty only otheedlessuess, the folly of innocence and inexperience. Hemust close up the breach between them at all hazard. • Gertrude was Bitting in one of the long, open windows of the Neath drawing-room, looking upon the terrace, her : hands in her lap, her head'leaned back against the crimson chair-cushion. Lord Caademaioe came up behind her and laid in her lap two heavy bunches -.ot white roses... - a, " See, Gertrude, your own Sowers! We : shall grow famous for our,roses soon. Johnson thinks he can produce a new variety, the very crown of whito roses. We will Call St the ' White CastfeWine.' ".;•::;..•. "Why, you.have.no flowers on your Sress, as you usually have 1" \- " Flowers are for the happy." "But Iwishyou to behappy, Gar trade.'' "Yea, m your way; hut happiness is not made to order." % " At least you can wsar soma.flowersl- See, I will arrange you • a cluster tor your bait." He began- breaking off an combining the lowers, and then beht to put the full cluster in its place. -Gartruds suffered him to do it, but only as one who condonep.- Wiieu he hi'* .fimghpd, she flaid:. "I don't love flowers as once I did ; the odor is too heavy, it overpowers me," and she pushed the remaining blossoms from her lap. " Gertrude," said Lord Castlemaine, ignoring this. : Suppose wehave some one invited to the abbey. I am away about the estate a great deal, and you:seem not to care about, horseback riding as you once difl; you are lonely: why not invite some friende:"" " It is. your home," said Gertrude, coldly; " invite whom you choose." "But I want the company as yoi^ehoose." said Lord-Castlemame. ", It is Tor your saki% I was very happy; last year, when we were here alone ; but-now I thmk you need'some one io amuse you." " Understand," said; Gertrude, clcaily,. " that I will invite no one here. You have found much fault with my choice of acquaintances, and have- asserted a right to give me orders as to how I sh5.ll treat people that I; meet. If I should asa any one/ it '-.might' chance that you were not . pleased, and I should expose guests to unpIeasantneEe.?' . " You -have never found me lacking in courtesy or hospitality When we sgree upon a guest, you know my house and attention are-at their disposition " "When we agi ce," paid Gertrude « That is, X may go to you; end say; ' Do you per- ;mit;.me';-to :BSk.-Buoh a.-one? . May l make' such a friend?. May I speak to-this one?' Clearly, then, I make no friends, and give no invitations on such terms.' "Gertrude, why will you misunderstand me ? You-know I never, but-in one instance; mterfered in the-sligntest degree.wlth yous social life. Aud that was where interference was imperatively needful, sad where I was in a--muoh better position to. ju3ge man von were. Colonel Lsnnox was a very bad man " Yes, a wretched parvenue, Jackia?, as I do, some fifty known ancestors m a straight line behind him. However, I prefer not to discuss Colonel-Lennox-With you. - By your jealousy,-in London, you have made me a mark for envious tongues. We should never agree on that question.; why continue it? Among all my faults; 1 have one virtue. I bate all esnsoriousuess snd uuchantsble speaking of those who are not at harm to - defend themselves." . \--••-••- .. She rose, and stepped out on the balcony. The moon had risen and flooded the abbey gardens with silver light; Johnson, the head gardener, was passing a broad walk. " Johnson !•' cried Lady Castlemaine, *' you told me that the true time to see the American Yucca was by moonlight; you.may now show it to me." • ' . She ran down the flight of steps snd joined the gardener, -who, 1 respectfully stepping -a few paces behind her, indicated the way to the. new Sower, which<was that summer his chief pride. Siok at-heart and restless: in- soul, Lord CsstlemsBae also went down the terrace .and followed at a distance; His wife made him unspeakably miserable, yet he could not endure to have her out of his sight. '. The fact was. Gertrude had loved Eudolph Castlemaine with allher heart, as her first love; bot hers was untutored, untried girl s heart, and though Budolph had never: loved before, he was older, and of more settled and experienced emotions, and hiB love.for his wife was far more intense and deeply rooted than hers for him. •-......, Lady Castlemaine and her gardner turned ' to a narrow path, and came to ;4he American Yucca.: It grew alone, in a small drole edged with;a:olose.cut- border of thickly growing artillerv- plact. Within this Circle of smoky, flamerfiecked green rc-se -the yucca m a basket five feet in diameter of wide green leaves bent"; baok one above the -otner, until' their sharp points touched the .earth- from whioh-they grew. - Out of'- this, natural basket • Ehot the • shaft of the-plant to a height. ot,eight feet, and this shaft tor fully five feet was a masB ot snow-white bloom^great bells; as-if tisrved of-alabaster, the lower flower-stems being. the longest and most-heavily laden; until the whole-was-a pyramid of -pearl- white beauty floodedhy'the white light of the-moon. " Saw you ever the like, rny lady ?' eriefl the ccstatic Johnson. " 1 did not wish you to see it uatil every flower bell waB open, and here.it stands (alone under the moon,. 1 ike• a great white ghost, or a beautiful spirit—a white sDgel of flowers m the midst of the .garden." You are poe^c, Johnson," said Lady Oastlemaine. " Eh, my lady ' Well, it is just a sight to stir a man's soul. And, my lady, standing baek'hereias .I-oami'J'cannotr.tell'-yon -how much - your ladyship is ' like iho flower.' In your white gown; -my lady. and vrith your height, standing there so* still, you are just lik<j the yucca, my lady." "Thanks for the compliment, Johnson," said Lady Castlemaine. "I wondei if, in years "to come, when the yucca blooms I shall: come here to Bee it, and you will sto 1 think me like the flower." " May ihe Lord send you many years to come mto the garden, mv lady. But for this yucca—atleaat,hereinEngIand—wheQit-h as given one such perfect bloom m this, it neve)! blopmfS waving ^ anttnued.] 