THE MERCURY. -is- THE recommendations made by the Commission in regard to roads and bridges and as to the conduct of public works general y, must be admitted to be very excellent in their way, , They open up, however, several very important questions, which must be dealt with on broad public grounds, and in view, of the particular circumstances of the Colony. The Commissioners, or at least a majority of them, have clearly been influenced by what is done in the others Colonies, and they think that what is possible "there is ; also Possible here. This is, of "course, a. practical begging of the question. In the other Colonies, and especially in Victoria, a very great deal is left to the local bodies in the country districts, known as Shire Councils, and they show a very commendable public spirit in carrying out local Works. The landholders, moreover, do not object to be taxed for those works, and, generally, there is a degree of life and vigour which can hardly be said to exist immany parts of Tasmania. Consequently, when we find the Commission condemning the system of of spending public ''money under the direct supervision, of the Public, Works Department's striking at the root of local self-government, we must ask whether it has mastered the whole" case. The system J has arisen se believe,"" in consequence of it having been found that there were not local bodies prepared to look properly after the work, and the absolute necessity which was shown to exist, for direct action and not merely supervision on the part of the Government. No doubt, this is a misfortune, but it is partly due to the smallness of our population, and also partly to want of energy and self-reliance so visible amongst the people of Australia. We regard the recommendation of the Commission, that the Road Trusts have the supervision of road making, to be a very excellent one, but it is one, we are afraid, which can be only acted upon to small extent. So far as the MINUTEs can see his way, he ought to allow the Road Trusts to do the work, subject, of course, 11 the supervision of the Government, but we think that this principle would be found to be applicable only to a very few districts. We see that the ommission notices the objection that in some districts suitable men do not take interest in public works, but answers it by saying that "this is an objection which is not found to militate against the success of the system in other Colonies.' In saying this the Commission appears not to have fully understood what the objection really is. It is not, as we understand, merely that more acquainted with road-making; do not take an interest in public affairs, but sufficient interest generally is not shown. This strikes at the very root of what is proposed" We must point' out too, that there is a very great difference between the road Trusts of this Colony, and the Shire Councils. These Councils repre, sent a large area of country, they have, a comparatively large revenue, and they are able to employ engineers of ability. It is not, as the Commission seems to suppose, that unprofessional men are educated by p actice until they become road engineers, but engineers, every one of which has to hold a certificate, are employed, and thus the local bodies are able to do the work, and do it well, How many of our Road Trusts employ competent engineers ? How many of these could afford to pay the salary of a competent man 1 The answer must be, we are sorry to say, that by far the larger number of the Road Trusts never could do the work proposed to be handed over to them. The Commission shows that its view on this point is rather superficial in the recommendations that are given as to bridges, and the remarks that are made in connection therewith. The Commission is of opinion that bridges should not be placed under the control of local bodies, because technical skill and knowledge of the various forms of structure are very necessary." It is urged, also, that two local bodies might be interested in one bridge, and thus a conflict of authority might arise, which would prevent necessary work being done. There is, no doubt, some force in fheBO remarks, but the Commissioners seem to have for- gotten the very examples which they hold up when they are dealing with the roads. In Victoria and in the other Colonies the local bodies have charge of the bridges as well as the roads, subject to the supervision of the Government, and they prove themselves to be quite equal to the work. But the reason is not that a shire councillor develops into an engineer of bridges, but that com patent process! jnal men are employed by the Shire Councils. Nothing is more common than for two shires to be interested in one bridge, and disputes have been known to arise, but on the whole the work is well done, because it is looked after by professional men, who are fairly well paid. Here, again, we see the difference between this and the other Colonies. The evidence, in fact, points rather to a remodelling of our whole system, so that we might have local bodies which could afford to obtain competent professional assistance, than to trusting the expenditure of large sums of money to such bodies as many of the Road Trusts are In fact, the whole of that portion of the Report which deals with roads and bridges may be said to show the necessity for a decided change, but the difficulty is to say how it is to be brought about If our population was larger it would be possible to make important and capable public bodies, but at present such bodies must, necessarily, be very limited in number. It is easy to recommend that road works' be undertaken at an earlier period of the year, and so as not to interfere with the ' labour required by the farmers, but a great deal depends upon the date at which Parliament may vote the money.), The very complaint made here, as to road Works being undertaken in the winter season, was once common in Victoria, but it was a consequence of the date at which Parliament passed the votes. It is easy, also, to say that all roads should be surveyed by properly skilled engineers ahead of settlement, but how is this to be done / We have to consider our means as well as our desires, and, unfortunately our means are limited whilst our needs are very great The report shows, beyond question, that there is ample scope for any reformer who is capable of dealing with the whole question of local government, but it does not seem to be possible to make some of the changes suggested, owing to the peculiar circumstances of the Colony, and the all-, important fact, that money for roads and bridges is voted to Parliament in a very haphazard fashion A CABLE NEWS. The Duke of Buckingham has been appointed Chairman of Committees by the House of Lords on the votes of the Conservative peers. The debate' on Glad-' stone's Irish proposals has resulted in the adjournment of the House until to-morrow. Mr. Chamberlain is said to be in no wise satisfied with the proposed modifications and concessions, and the Marquis of Hartington maintains that the bill in any form would not satisfy Home Rule adherents. He proposes as an alternative measure the gradual extension of local government in Ireland. The Queen is now making a visit to Liverpool, where she will open the local ex station, and will be the guest of the corporation. The Crofters'' Relief Bill has been read a third time in the House of Com- I mona. A convention has been signed per- ' mitting the introduction of Spanish wines of low alcoholic standard into the English market at 15. per gallon duty. The resignation of the J Greek Ministry has been accepted by King George, but he has not yet pre A called upon the leader of the Opposition to organise their successors. The threatened blockade of Greek ports has been deferred on the plea raised by the Greek Government that twould seriously cripple trade. The Nova Scotia House of Assembly favours secession from the Canadian Dominion. ENGLISH MAIL NOTICE.-The s.s. Flint ders, with the English mails on board, arrived at Low Heads at 8 25"am. yesterday. The mails will be delivered in Hobart this morning. THE RUSSIAN OFFICERS IN HOBART. Captain Woldomar Lang, who arrived in Hobart on Monday evening, accompanied by Dr. R. Lcsaofisky, Lieut. Boron M. Noltken, and Sub-Lieut. In off, of the Russian corvette Vestnik, at present lying in the Tamar, yesterday paid an official visit to the Premier and Chief Secretary (Hon. Dr. Agnew.) Captain Lang also visited His Worship the Mayor (Mr. J. G.. Davies at the Town Hall, and subsequently accompanied by Mr. H. E. Smith, of the Chief Secretary's Office, inspected the Public Library and the Museum. In spite of the inclemency of the weather the stranger strolled round the wharves in the morning, and inspected the harbour and surroundings. It is expected that they will return to Launceston to-morrow. COUNCIL OF' EDUCATIONAL ho committee of the Council of Education have appointed the following examiners for the examinations in the A.A. Degree and the Tasmanian Scholarship, which take place in the first week of June, not earlier than the 3rd: Professor Irving, classics ; T. J. Smith, M.A., Trinity College, mathematics and science subjects ; Dr. Miller, D.M., music ; Rev. Mr. KelsH, Campbell Town, Italian ; I and Henry Hunter, architect, drawing. " THE DAY STAR This publication for I May has been issued, and proves a readable and instructive number. A, biographical notice of Canon Basil Wilberforce, M.A., occupies the first page, and the accompany- ing portrait is well engraved. The Presidential address, delivered by Pastor R. McCullough, at the annual meeting in Launceston last month, is reproduced, and under the heading " Church News " will be found many interesting items. The same may be said of the temperance column. MESSRS. Ftiiovs AND BLAIR From a telegram received in town we learn that Messrs a. Fergus and Blair, the contractors for the Mersey and Deloraine line, are the successful tenderers for a short line from Alphington to Heidelberg, in Victoria, the amount being £43,000. BOYS' HOME The monthly meeting of the governors was held on Monday, when there were present Mr. W. F. Mitchell (in the chair), Messrs. John Macfarlane, in. C. Nowell, and the secretary (Mr. E. Hawson). The previous minutes were read and confirmed. The secretary was instructed to write to the trustees stating that owing to money having been spent on necessary improvements and repairs at the Homo, the governors were unable to pay the annual amount of £50, and asking the trustees for further time. The secretary was instructed to obtain 200 copies of the annual report printed and distributed An application for the admission into the Home from the Police Magistrate, Launceston; through Mr. J. O'Boyle, of a boy who was over the age. The matter was left with Mr. Macfarlane to find out more about his character, and if satisfactory the lad would then be admitted. Accounts to the amount of £23 were passed for, payment. Mr. Wiseman, the master, stated that he was receiving subscriptions for the re-erection of the flagstaff. Mr. Justin McC. Browne had offered, if it could be utilised whole, a large space for the flagstaff, , so that before long it was hoped the-staff would be in its old place. A very necessary work was nearly finished-that of putting galvanised iron over the roof of the Home and a further sum of £3 10s. was passed for new spouting. i < 1 OUR WIMBLEDON REPRESENTATIVES, Lieutenants Golding and Watchorn will leave Hobart per mail train to-night for Launceston, en route for' England, to take part in the Wimbledon ride contests as Tasmanian repo esentativea,. Lieutenant Golding having consented to accept the original position assigned him as emergency man though Probably if li is usual, success attends him he may prove the best shot among the three Tasmanian representatives. We gave yesterday the records of Captain Room and Lieut. Watchorn, which we can now supple- ment with that of Lieut. W. Golding. He is one of the oldest shots firing in Tasmania, and can claim to have had the best continuous record of good results among all competitors. Twenty-four years ago, when only 16 years old, he won the Government prize of £15, and one year he nearly carried off the championship at Launceston, but was beaten by the Hon. David Lewis. In the following month, however, at Hobart, he defeated Mr. Lewis at his favourite ranges. Mr. Golding won the £5 prize in the Member s' Match at Melbourne last November, and has been among the top scorers in every match since. (His score at Hobart on the 5th right. has never been beaten in i a match, The making 69 points at the 200, 500, and 600 yards ranges, out of a possible 105 points, being six' short of the possible. He also won recently Lieut, Beddome's prize, making only seven short of the possible. He joined the Hobart Reserves when that corps was established, and holds a lieutenant's commission in the same. VISIT OF ESSENDON FOOTBALLERS. The secretary of the Football Association informs us that the Essendon team leave Melbourne on 20th inst, and will most probably meet a combined team of the Northern Association on the Saturday following. They will leave Launceston on Saturday night, and reach Hobart on Sunday morning. Two matches have been arranged here, viz., on Monday (Queen's Birthday) and the following Saturday The secretary states that work has been commenced on the new ground at Risdon, the tenders for fencing and preparing having been let. FOOTBALL. match will take place to- nton ow afternoon on the lower cricket f round at 280 sharp, between the Nelson '20. and the Theatre Royal P.C. The following are the teams selected Nelson : J. McKenzie, A. Donnelly, T. Mace, E. Ford, P. Molloy, D. Salier, E. Lovett, S. Stephens, R Beddome, W. Cartwright, F. Reynolds, J. Shave, McCormack, P. Smith, C.- Carmichael, E. Ward, A. Hiddlestone, J. U'liito, W. Howe, A. Williams. Theatre Royal : M. Sullivan (capt.), W. Sullivan, i B. Pybus, E. Laughton F. Ferguson, A. Farrell, B. Young, R. Mason, D, Argce, F. Lowe, E. O'Brien, S. Cann, S Webb A.' Thompson, M. Weldon, S. Wright.'A'meet-' ting of representatives from outside clubs was held last evening at the All Nations Hotel," The following being present :-Messrs.' A, Walling (Battery Point), T. McKenV.i6'(Ncli son), G. Whittington (Fitzroy's Henricks (Waverley G. Goldie ' (DerweutJ^and'C. 1 Davis (Venus). The retiring Beere Jary'(Mr. B Pybus), having resigned, a vote of thanks' was passed to him, MLA. Williiig'hoing elected in his place' for the ensuing season.' Mr. McKenzie was voted tothechafy". A deputation was appointed to wait on the secretary of the Southern'Tasmauiaii^Foot ball Association, and after going through the transaction of some routine business, it was decided to adjourn the meeting till Thursday evening next. A you to of thanks to the chairman concluded proceedings. U i ii CAMPANIA I SPORTSMEN meeting of the committee of the Campania athletic sports will be held at the Campania Hotel on Saturday evening to receive the secretary's report and audit the accounts. , THE SCHOOL BOYS' RACE A correspondent writes us-" As one who witnessed the so- called race for the schoolboys' price, on Saturday last, permit me toue^picBai my astonishment at the committee not stating that it should be rowed over again, for after the " foul" between the Christ's College and Meta opolitan crews, it cannot he said to have been fairly lost and won, The, City School crew cannot, or should not, be satisfied with a snatched" victory. Another matter of importance is that all these crews should be compelled to wear life- belts, otherwise,, in event of weather similar to that of last Saturday prevailing, the proceeding"s will undoubtedly terminate in, some distressing tragedy. In the name of fair play let the race be run over again." THE RABBIT QUESTION.-Apubliomeetlng to take into consideration the rabbit question will be held at Bothwell on Saturday, the 15th Inst., in the council-chamber, at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. A similar meeting will be held in the council- chamber, Ross, at 2 o'clock in the' afternoon of Monday, the tf its fault.' It is highly probable from the interest evinced on the subject that meetings will be held in various other , country districts. ' WORMS IN SHEEP REMEDY IO REMOVE. -Mr. Thomas Lewis, an old and well-known Australian sheepbreeders, supplies the following remedy to remove this troublesome complaint in sheep To one-eighth part of a bucketful of cut or chopped horehound add a quarter bucket of water. Boil down to one eighth of a bucket, add one bucket of water, and then strain. Dissolve lib. 2oz. soap, and bill), of sulphate of iron. Add one quart of turpentine. Mix all the above together, and keep in bottles worked until required for use. It is well to use the mix store shortly after it is prepared.' 'The dose is half to one ounce upon an empty stomach, the sheep being yarded over night > Repeat the dose every other day ; as a rule, two doses are sufficient. The mixture is also useful when sheep are suffering from fluke. Ingredients:, Horehound (green), quarter bucketful; soap, lib. 2oz ; sulphate of hon, [ IJlb. ; turpentine, one quart i, I i i UNCLAIMED TELEGRAMS message addressed, to " Air. Green, corner of Ware and Worley streets," is lying at Telegraph Office, awaiting an owner. 2, MASONIC.-The members of the Tasmanian Union Lodge No. 530. E.C., will meet for the despatch of business this evening in the Freemasons' Hall, at half-past 7 o'clock. MAYOR'S COURT-At this court yesterday Aldermen Arnott and Harbottle presided. Joseph Watson, of Argyle street, for allow- ing his chimney to catch on (fire, was mulcted in the penalty of 2s. 6d., costs remitted. Joseph McKendrick, of Gladstone-street, for suffering two goats to stray in Harrington-street, was fined 2s. 6d., costs remitted I George Anderson, of Liverpool-street ; ! Myles McGuire, of Salvator Rosa Glen and James Smith, of Gore-street, for per 1 putting their animals to graze in the public streets of the city, were each adjudged to pay 5s. and costs. The case of William Ware, of King-street, charged with removing night soil between 5 a.m. and midnight, was postponed until next court day. CITY POMPE COURT.-At this Court yesterday the bench was occupied by the Police Magistrate, Mr. W. Tarleton, and Mr. George Crisp, J.P. Sarah Penman was fined 5s., or seven days, for having been drunk and incapable. Margaret Haddon was charged as an idle and disorderly character, and was sent to gaol for two months. John Hughes, inmate Charitable Institution, | New Town, was charged with absconding from this institution before the period for which he was sentenced to be detained had expired. He was convicted, and sentenced to one month's imprisonment. Thomas Welsh, seaman on board the whaler Asia, was charged with having deserted from the vessel at Partridge Island on the 26th April last. Captain Jones said that the prisoner was one of the crew employed to row him to Mr. Allan's house at Paltridge Island. While there the accused got hold of Mr. Allan's punt and rowed over to the mainland. Prisoner had cashed an advance note. The Police Magis- trate said that the accused would be sent to gaol for 12 weeks. Captain Jones asked that Welsh be sent to the ship, which was at present at Pearson's Point. The Court ordered the prisoner to be sent on board ship. In leaving the dock prisoner said that it was no use ordering him on board again, as he would not turn to. The eleven men presently undergoing imprisonment for refusing duty on the same vessel were again placed at the bar charged with damaging the vessel. They are named James Hughorty, John Sullivan, Thomas Warren, Mark Sievers, William Donaldson, Thomas McAJTeity, John Murray, Henry Mulveney, John Smith, and James O'Brien, and they all pleaded not guilty. The circumstances attending the mutiny of these fellows have been already fully detailed the examination of the ship after the affair showed that the men while refusing duty had busied themselves with breaking into the bulkhead, destroying a booby hatch, a table, i and bench. The damage was estimated by the captain at £25, and he stated that it had been done with iron bars and blubber spades. He was obliged to look the man up in the forecastle for the safety of the officers and rest of the crew, and the safety of the ship. The captain was cross-ques- tioned by the prisoners, from which it appeared that the men were kept locked up in the forecastle for a week. The captain refused them provisions, and he admitted that he might have said that he would starve them out like rats. He might have threatened to string up Owen on tile '*, rural" Hp discharged a gun over the head of one of the crew' to show that it was loaded. He would have given them provisions if they had come up to him one at a time One of the accused said that if they had come forward one at a time, they would have been taken and strung up by the thumbs, the same way as the ' captain treated one of his crew last voyage. Another of the crew stated that they were starving, and that caused them to break into the bulkhead. They had to live on raw potatoes and vinegar. The Police Magistrate said that was their own fault. He considered that the captain was quite justified in preventing the prisoners from coming upon him in a body. The prisoners also complained that. the ship washings worthy. The Police Magistrate said that if they had any complaint to make on that ground there was a regular course to pass But. Sullivan : We asked to see a magistrate, but the captain said that he was magistrate enough for us, and armed all on duty with rifles and fixed bayonets. Detective Delaney deposed that the accused refused severally to go to work, and gave an account of the damage done. He could not estimate the damage, but from the state the place was in they had evidently been very destructive. The meat shown was good, and the potatoes also good. For the defence Thomas Welsh, previously convicted for desertion, was called. He said there was a little of the bulkhead broke in the forecastle near Owen's bed. The forecastle was leaky. Some of the meat was painted in the early part of the voyage, but the captain gave them better afterwards. The magistrates found that damage was done to a considerable extent, and that the accused were all art and part in the mischief and mutinous conduct. The Court passed sentence of 12 weeks' imprisonment on each offender, to take effect after the expiration of the sentence under which the prisoners are at present confined. Jane Brown sued John "manuel for the maintenance of an illegitimate child. Mr. D. Crisp appeared for defendant. While the complainant was under cross- examination she fell down in a hysterical fit, and had to be taken to the hospital. The case was accordingly adjourned until Friday. A young man named Rowland Steel was charged by Henry Coward with trespassing dahlia land at Knocklofty without permission. Defendant was on the land with a dog and gun, and plaintiff said that there was a notice-up warning trespassers'. Patrick,, McAuley said that "there . had. been a" thoroughfare through the land' in question for 29 years. He did not, however, know on what part of the und the defendant was on the occasion. It was a track from War wick Street to Kangaroo Bottom. ! The magistrate, without undertaking to deter- mine- the question t of 11 right of of way, thought that the defendant had reasonable grounds for supposing ' he would go upon the land, and dismissed the informations. £}J W. Gower was' proceeded against under the Cruelty, to Animals, Act, for army big ordered a horse to be worked while suffering from a had knee and being Hamer. The charge having been proved by P.C. Craig and InBp_octo^Diigguri)jtho_defjnijJ'iiit,*iai( fiiied"10sTa_irósís.-'A'casc against George Savage, the di aversion Gower's horse, was withdrawn, as Gower acknowledged having ordered him to work the horse'. ' Saints' Bygrave was fined 5s - and costs, with a j reprimand, from the Bench, for having ill LUBtd'a horse by kicking at 1 W the 30th ult.;, the charge being" proved by Inspector Duggan ' ' ' ' ' ' ' SCENEs IN'-T'IIB POLICE,COURT.-A painful incident occurred in the police court yesterday A young woman named Brown, who had an infant in her arms, appealed iii, the witness-box as complainant against a young man, and was being subjected to a seven of cross-examination by the solicitor for the, defence, when she suddenly uttered a shrill cry, and fell backwards in a hysterical fit. The witness box is one of those pld"shioncfl erections, standing several feet above the ground, and the woman fell from it with a' crash on' to the floor, The baby also had a severe fall, 'and-was afterwards 'found' lying in the bottom of the box. The court officials,' with, commendable promptitude, I rendered the sufferer assistance, and as fears were entertained that one or both were injured, orders were given to have them conveyed to the hospital; Fortunately as 'as emulation by the house surgeon showed that no injury had been sustained by either, and the woman, after receiving some soothing medicine, was able to proceed home. It is a matter of surprise, and also congratulation, that the woman escaped unscathed after snell a dangerous fall backwards, and it J might be suggested to the magistrates whether they would not de well to follow the example of the Supreme Court, in providing a more suitable place for witnesses, in which to stand, while giving evidence. The incident of yesterday shows that, in addition to the objections onthescoreof country Tcnicncc, the old box 'is, a dangerous place for females of hysterical temperament. THE MISSING FOUND The two young men Wm. Murphy and Thos. McKenzie, residing at New Town, who were reported in Tuesday's paper as missing returned, to their homes yesterday morning, nothing the worse for their pi olonged shooting excursion and two nights camping out. MEMORIAL HALEY lecture will be given this evening in the Memorial Hall by Rev. Fred, C. B. Fairey on " 1,050 miles in the Evangelist canoe on the coast, i lakes, and rivers of Australasia, with an exhibition of canoe as a yacht at sea and is home on shore." So popular and interesting a subject should draw together a large attendance * WESLEYAN BAZAAR. An. auction sale of the low tides useful and ornamental left from the Davey-street Wesleyan bazaar was held at the Mechanics' Hall, Melville-street, yesterday afternoon. Mr. G. S. Crouch wielded the hammer, but owing to the inclement (weather the attendance was so sparse that after a few lots had been put up it was deemed advisable to postpone the sale for a more fitting opportunity!- - ' i CoMi-UMENTARY Co.NCERT. A complimentary concert will be given inthe Town, Hall on the 25th inst., for the benefit of Herr Schott. Particulars will appear in future advertisements. DIOCESAN SERVICE. By way of fittingly opening the annual session of the Diocesan Synod in Tasmania, a special united service, attended by all members of the Synod, was held last evening in St. David's Cathedral, a large congregation being present. At half-past 7 service commenced with the hymn " Through the night of doubt and sorrow," sung as a processional, the lengthy train of choristers and clergy entering by the south door of the cathedral, and slowly advancing up the nave in the following order Rev. Dr. Miller; the surpliced choirs of Holy Trinity, All Saints', St. John's, and St. David is the revs, the incumbents of the town and country parishes to the number of 35 ; Canons Archer, Adams, Mason, and Banks-Smith ; Archdeacon Hale and Daven- port ; Dean Dundas, and the Bishop, attended by the Rev. J. B. W. W oollnoiigh, who acted as chaplain, and bore the pastoral staff. All having taken their allotted seats, ove'isongcoiiuncnced. Pioporpsulniswcie: The 132nd, Jeannie, Domine ; the 133rd, Ecce qnam bonum the 134th, Ecce mine. Dealt Dundas read the first lesson, Isaiah, GOth chapter; and the Bishop the second, Acts, 5th chapter. After the hymn, "Come, Holy Ghost, our souls despite," the Rev. J. B. W. Woollnough preached an admirably appropriate sermon from Nebo miah 0, in., I am doing a great work, so that I cannot come down." Prayer by the Bishop followed, and then the hymn, " What time the evening shadows fall." After the blessing " Ten thousand times ten thousand " was sung as a recessional. Alias Hogg acted very efficiently as organist, keeping the large choir of about 80 voices well together. ST. MATTHEW'S CHURCH, GLENORCHY. This beautiful little church, one of the oldest of the Presbyterian churches of the colony, the foundation stone of which was laid by Sir John Franklin, has been lately put into complete repair. Attention is called to the announcement of a bazaar, which is to be opened by the Hon. Alfred Dobson in St. John's schoolroom, Macquarie street, in order to pay off the debt incurred by the repairs. A number of ladies have been working for some time for this laudable object, and we hope they will find a ready sale for their beautiful work, THEATRE ROYAL. in Mascotte last night again attracted a Mattering audience, taking into consideration the new sensational attraction offered elsewhere. The performance was again a thorough success, and the man agement and company alike may be congratulated on the perfection of the production. La Mascotte will be produced just three nights more, and as these will be positively the farewell port for masses of the Pollard Lilliputians in Hobart, there will no doubt be a friendly gathering, and in considerable numbers, of those who have so often found sterling entertainment in the performances of the juveniles who, amid constant change and ever-moving incident, associate all homely associations with Tasmania and Tasmanian friends. i CONCERT AT NEW TOWN A very successful concert and dramatic entertainment was given at the Good Templars'' Hall, New Town, last night, in aid of the local flower mission. In spite of the wet weather there was a very large attendance, a number of people going out from town. The programme was commenced by a miscellaneous concert, the first item being a pianoforte solo by Mrs. W. rd Eltham, which was very much admired. Mrs O. H. Hedberg sang " Forgive, forgive," very sweetly. Miss McGrath sang "Afterwards" in such an excellent manner that she had to respond to an enthusiastic encore, giving " The maid of the mills" Messrs, V. Tregear and S. Smith, and Misses Sinclair and Davis also sang the latter having to respond to an encore for her rendition of " Come, let us be happy together." Mr. Dobbs contri buted a comic recitation, which excited much laughter. The programme concluded with the farce A Nice Quid Day, in which the characters were admirably sustained. MR. STUART CUMBERLAND The first of two séances by Mr. Stuart Cumberland, the celebrated thought reader, was held last night in the Town Hall, and was attended by a large and representative assemblage. The popular parts of the hall were crowded to excess, and the reserved seats w ci e nearly filled. Punctually at 8 o'clock Mr. Cumberland appeared on the platform, and having in a few words described the nature of his experiments asked that a committee of gentlemen, to act as " subjects," should ascend the platform. No one seemed willing to accept the office, but as the thought reader reminded the audience that with no " subjects " there would be no experiments, the Attorney-General (Holt J.S. Dodds) who had newly entered the hall, boldly mounted the platform, and was quickly followed by the Minister of Lands (Hon. N. J. Brown), Drs.' Hardy, and Giblin, Messrs. A. L. Giblin, Russell Young, H. H. Gill, J. N. Propsting, and Rev. H. Greenwood. The Minister of Lands was unanimously elected chairman of the committee, and the experi- ments commenced, Mr. Cumberland impressing upon his subjects the importance of concentrating their Olinda on the thing they thought of, and not diverge to any thing else in any way whatever. The subject of the first experiment was Mr. Gill, and he had to think of a lady in the hall whom Mr. Cumberland promised to point out and present with a bouquet as a souvenir. Mr. Gill thought of one, and described the lady to the chairman, while his own eyes the experimenter bandaged with a handkerchief. He took the subject by the hand and rapidly proceeding round the room, ultimately handed the bouquet to a young girl sitting in one of the front benches, and who moved to be the right person. Other good experiments were the finding out the seat of a pain in the body of Mr. C. D Haywood the finding of a bl cast pin in a lady's hat, which was concealed by the Rev. H. Greenwood while Mr. Cumberland was out of the room, guarded by two of the committee, and the drawing on a blackboard of an animal thought of by Mr. Russell Young. This he had at first some little difficulty in doing, but' he produced at last the representation ' of an alligator, which was the animal thought of, but which the at Ust admitted was rather unlike one. The battle field scene in which Captain Smith was the'" subject," was very amusing and created a, good deal of laughter. Capt. Smith had to think that he was effecting a coup de main, and had a number of redoubts to take before making, the final assault. He Jiad'td think of each redoubt, is Mr. Cam Therland led him', round the upper,' hand lie! touched the place where a redoubt was supposed to be. He did so until about the last when he called in the assistance of the Mt faster of Lands who took Captain Smith's hands and all the pupils were then almost r immediately touched, the last being the water bottle on' the table, which represented the point at which mentally the "subject" had hoisted the flag of victory. A murder and robbery scene closed the ' performance, the parts of the murderer and robber being performed at the express ' call of the audience by Dr. Giblin and the Attorney-General respectively. The amateur murderer picked a well known and genial Civil servant out as his victim, and' dragged him publicly to the platform, and anatomically ruthlessly slaughtered, him', while the robber quickly had possession of his watch and chain, which were given to a gentleman in the audience to hide. yet. Cumberland on his return easily, found the victim, and showed" where he had been stabbed with the dagger, and discovered the holder of the watch All tlio"exporimciits were most interesting, and really wonderful, and the final stance, which takes place this evening, will'Üoubtlcsa be largely attended. In addition to a number of new experiments, 'Mr. Cumberland will perform the feat of "thinking the number of a bank note concealed in a gentleman's pocket, and writing the figures on a blackboard. M.U.I.O.O.F. ASSBMIILV.-Ai meeting of member a of the above order was held in the Mechanics' Hall last evening for the purpose of forming a i dancing assembly during the winter months. There was a fair attendance, the chair being occupied by Mr. Robt. Tansell. The chairman stated the purposes of the meeting, and said the first thing to do would' be to appoint a committee out of the number present for the purpose of carrying out the necessary preliminaries. On the motion of Mr. H. Young, seconded by Mr. Jas. Johnston, the following committee were appointed Messrs. J. Poole, H. Young, E. and W. Stride, F. Richardson, R. and W.' H., Tapsall, W. nBonnltcher; and H. Wilmot, with (Mr. Jas, Johnston and Mr. Robert Tapsell as hon. secretary and hon. treasurer respectively. The meeting was then adjourned until Friday evening next for the purpose of giving the committee time to bring up their report., CHALMERS CHURCH.-The annual social meeting in connection with Chalmers Free Church will be held in the Lecture-hall this evening. ' Tea will be laid at 030 o'clock, and afterwards a musical entertainment will be given. 