The Name of the Colony. Sir, — A great deal is written and spoken just now as to tho manner in which tho approaching contonary of tho colony may bo most appropriately and effectively colo brated : and in all probability a good deal of money will bo spont on tho occasion — to more or loss good' purposo. However that may bo, I think I can suggest ono littlo project, ?which most nnrsnnsnf tfisto or enlKvnfinn miolit very well agreo in rogarding as highly appropriate to tho occasion ; which might be put in oxecutiou without any othor expense than that of a little thought ; and which from its own nature would bo held much longer in memory than any sorios of pic-nics and oxonr sions, howover oxpousive, and howovor roily attondod. Tho project X speak of is simply the rechristoning of tho colony. A few days ago I happened to bo strolling in that pleasant resort, whoro tho molten image of the groat circumnavigator stands with out strotched hand overlooking tho harbour from tho spot, whoro, soineyearsago, so much doclnmation was poured forth by ' pastors' and others against what the declaimers thought tho sins and orrors of tho day. It struck mo that if tho hronzo horo could bo animated for a moment by the appro priate ghost, ho likewise might take up his parabls against the peoplo of this generation to something liko the following effect. ' Behold ' ;ho might say ?' whero a British, or at least a mixed community has established itself, and flourished like a green bay tree, on a coast which, more than a century ago, it was my fortune to discover or re-discover ; and to which, in entire ignorance whether it would ever bo of importance in tho human world, — in ignorance, indeed, of everything but the mere outline of its hills and shores, I gave for the nonoo the name of Now South Wales, by way of temporary distinction from other remote shores, and without any more speoific reason than the casual resemblance which it prosontod to the coast of old South Wales. Here is a com munity, which has increased to a million of souls, much given to boasting, or llouiing as they call it, of their progress in wealth, and their possessions in flocks and herds ; here is a metropolis counting its inhabitants by hundreds of thousands, who blow in like manner of thoir refinement, their encouragement of the arts, and what not : and yet, though here they have boon for a century, thoso peoplo aro so inson sible to tho proprieties, or oven tho ordinary con venioncos of speech, — so completoly do thoy ignore tho fitnoss of things in such matters, that thoy have never troubled themselves to select for their much boasted territory any appellation moro appropriate than tho rough and ready ono which I applied on first viewing it. Nay, thoy are apparently incapable of fol lowing tho example of thoir own offshoots, all of which, on obtaining political soparation, havo adopted for thomsolves convenient, appropriate, and perhaps ouphonious appellations'. Whatovor may bo thought of such a speoch as this in the month of bronzo, I havo no doubt that Captain Cook, who was a man of fino cul ture, as woll as.of hemic mould, would, if it wore possiblo far him to look on matters colonial at this day, feel as much disgust at tho apathy of thocolonistsconcernir^thochoicoof anappropiato appellation for their territory and themselves, ao ho would experioncosatisfactionat tho sight of liis own offigy rising from among tho flowering plmts of Hyde Park. It might bo expected that any uuc me most illiterate, — tuoso wno are virtually iricapablo of an opinion on such a subjeot, — would on applying thoir minds for a momont to this question, admit tho ridiculous unfitness of the appollation by which we continue to distin guish tho mnthor colony of tho Australia?. That this does not happen can only be attributed to the forco of habit, which practically reconciles people to much worse things than tho perpetu ation of an absurd 'stylo and titlo'; though iu its own way nothing can bo worso than the instance now in question, which shows strikingly how difficult it is to remove what Sholloy calls the ' veil of familiarity,' which virtually con r»ils alike the comoliness of ono object and the ugliness of another. It is commonly known, of course, that tho younger colonies which onco formed portions of this, did on separating, aud setting upfor thom sevos, adopt other appellations than those by which t.hny had boon previously known, — Van Diomon's Land becoming 'Tasmania; Moreton Hay— Queensland, ond so forth. Now,' if it so happened that this colonv were separating flow, aoaiu other body politic, and had to soloct a titlo for itself, is it con coivablo that any mombor of a qnalifiod committoo or othor Assombly would for a momont droam of proposing forndoption such an appollation us that of ' NowSonth Waled?' .And if anybody did so, would it ho any argument in its favor, that Cnpt. Cook had. on 'a distant view of tlio coast con ceived that it bom some resemltlanco to_ that of South Wales ? That tho appollation is com pounded of throo words, would on tho scoro of inoro gcouvonionco bo snITiciont, I suspect, to coudomu it in tho judgement of any person or numbor of persons qualified to consider trio mattor, oven if tho composite tonn should hap pen to possoss, us this does not, somo amount of positivo uppropna.tonoss to rocoinmond it. It is worth whilo.porhaps, forjnnyouo possess ing a slight knowledge of othor languages than his own to observe how tho present uamo of tho colony Itranslatos, say, into Pronch. Nouvcllcs Guiles du Sad '. ! Can anything moro hideous bo concoivcd ? If it had happonod that Capt. Cook had, after tlio procodent of iVmw Scolitt, for instauco, employod tho Latin language, nnd termed his discovory Nova Cambria, that double appollation would, indood, havo boon more convenient, flexiblo and ouphonious tuan tho triplo ono with which wo aro saddlod, though it would havo boon oqunlly objectionable or. the scora of inappropriatonoss, and on othor grounds. I do not know that much can bo sain rogarding any rotation betweon the actual namo ot tho colony, nnd its old penal Btatus. In that connection tho name of Botany Bay has eclipsod or superseded evory othor. But the full strength of the case appoars whon ono asks what is tho proper appollation by which tho people of tho colony individually and colloctivoly aro to be distinguished. ' Tho foxes havo k^l®s» ond the birds of tho air havo nests.' Tho dwellers in the neighbouring colonies cau present themselves, as in a docont garment, undortho names of Tasmanians,, Quoenslandors, Victorians. The people of Walos aro proporly enough tho Wolsh of courso. But the Now South Welsh ! a Now South Welshman ! It is not permitted to a wise man to bo astonished at anything ; if it woro, it might bo mattor of astonishment that tho presont uamo of tho colony evor survivod tho test suppliod by tho sight or sound of these la»t appellations. I rocolloct reading long ago, that Sir Cbarlos Duffy, on first coming to Australia was struck with the peculiar absurdity of tho only term undor which, as it appeared to him, the people of Now South Walos could bo described. Tho wonder iB that anybody but tho most stolid ond ignorant can fail to bo struck with tho absurdity of it. It is useless, howovor, to nttompt to prove tho absurdity toany ono who doo3 not porcoivo it. As well talk to a blind man about tho boauty of _ a lnnd scapo. It is statod, I think, in Mr. Kingston's ' Australian Abroad,' that tho horses imported into India from tho colony, aro known there by tho name of ' Walors,' — a sort of slang term, no doubt, hut, at any rato, convenient enough. Horsy peoplo and turfy peoplo aro for tho most part slangy. A remark said to ; havo been mado by Lord Carritigton, to tho effect that tho colonists wero a gonuino sporting community, has in tho most snobbish fashion boon repeated by ono colonial nowspnpor aftor another, as if it woro a valuable cortifi cato of merit. ' As a sporting community, how ovor, thoy might porhaps bo contont to ndopfc for '.themsolvos the characteristic appellation, which Anglo-Indians havo bestowed upon thoir oxnort horsos. Thov mirrht 'blow,' for in stance that tho recent great sculling match on tho Thames wns won by tho Wnler. But what would bo a really appropriato.and eligible appellation to adopt in plnco of tho pre sent ono ? 'For ray own part, I have no novol suzgostion to oftor ; hut I will vonturo on a fow general remarks on tho question. Ono enm mendnblo modo of sotting ahout tho business of ro- christaning would bo. I think to onquiro whether tho language of the aboriginal vaco* affords material for what is wanted. AVhotlior the ' Kamilaroi ' tongue would, or would not furnish this, I havo not the slightest idea. Air. Kingston in his rambles m Oovlon montions an instance in whioh the Cingalese appollation of Nawera Eliya had boon softonod for European uso into Nenralia. Now, Nouralia is a namo which, for ouphony and conVonionco, is fit to bo used anvwhore : but whether tho language of the poor black-fellows would furnish us with a similar chance, it would not, porhaps, be oasy to ascortain. It is known that the Dutch navigators, who became more or leos acquainted with theso shores boforo Captain Cook, named tho territory Now Holland. Even this would be bottor thnn Now South Wales, inasmuch as a compound of two words is less objoctionablo than a compound of three : it is moro tolerable to sneak of a Now Hollander thnn a Now South Wolshmnn. I rocolloct thnt tho late Dr. Lang, (who was a fine old follow), with more rosard, porhaps, for tho honour of tho great navigator, than for euphony of languatro, proposod, if t am not mistaken, to adopt tho term Cooksland. A name more deserving of honour than that of Captain Cook can scarcely be found; but Cooksland does not go trippingly off tho tongue : and that is a great motter. If wo try tho expedient of Latinising, it will not materially mend tho case. Latinints, I believe, rendfr the namo of Oook by Cocceim, This would givo Cocceia as tho appellation for the Territory : and I doubt that would novor do. Sir Honry Parkea, I happen to know, was at ono time dosirous to substitute tho title of Australia far that of New South Wales; but this would bo simply out of the question, as tbo name could nevor he confined to anv one colony. It has been remarked that as Cook's discovory took placo in tho very midst of what is called the Georgian era, the discoverer, or anybody else, might have appropriately nnmod the land Georgia : but that name had been appropriated some time before to a North-American region, which at the time was a British possession. Just after tho last separation — that of Queensland— from the parent colony, I hoard it remarked in conversation that tho remaining portion had bottor adont tlin name of Kingsland ; and this suggestion might porhaps, doservo consideration. Obvious as tho name may appear, I do not think it is borne by any place of moro importance or notoriety than a certain villngo in Herefordshire, and (I believe) a suburb of London. Persons might be found to objeot to its adoption just now ; and tho time would, no doubt, be in some sense moro suitable, if wo wero celebrating the accession of a now King, instead of the jubilee of an old Queen. But that is a small matter, .considering our pressing need of a new christening. If wo, had a choice, a name with what may bo tormod a Latin termination is more desirable on account of its comparative flexibility, as Tasmania, Tasmania)!. But it is not 'worth while to grow prosy on those little grammatical details. It is aftor all rather strauijo that even habit and custom can reconcile scholars and men of cultivation to tho uso of tho preposterous appellation which I am objecting to in this opistle. The promulgation of an nppropriato ono would be a memorable distinction for ony governor's term of office. Do such men ns the Chief Justice and his collenguos, tho Primate, the profossors and graduates of tho University, tho learnod professions,— above, all, porhaps, does Mr. Dalloy care for none of those things ? Are our own members of Parliament. Messrs. Humphory and Tarrant, quite indifforent nbout the matter ? If this question is to be answered intho affirmative in regard to those parties, I can only say, that thoy deserve to becallodbythe namo of Walers, or any other moro detostablo ono that slangy pooplo can invent, during the term of thoir natural lives, and to tho third and fourth ''norations, For my own part, my interest in the mattor is of the smallest, and merely abstract. I mav perhaps, cumber tho ground of tho colony for a few years lonjor ; hut thoro is no danger that any son of mine shall evor bo branded with tho appellation of Walor, or New South Welsh man. STEPHEN SLY. 