CHAPTER XYI. Is 18 little more than forty-eight hours after burying our dead) that too final blow falls. _ I am sitting beside the dining-room fire, listlessly looking into its depths, and thinking half-bitterly, half regretfully of Norton Fowler's share in my past, thinking what comfort I might have derived from his love during these dark, dark days, had he bean true to his better nature, when the chief sud denly enters, his face ghastly and horror stricken, and tosses to Ag, whose presence I had been almost oblivions of, a telegram form. never aome singly!' -hfl groans, Priding out ol the room, without another word shotting himirit into fl* <ten, aa a slam ol th> door proclaims* 3 _ " "What is it.Ag?" I ask apprehenSvely, noting the sudden awful horror that dilates her-eyes, and blanches her cheeks," What is it ?" I repeat in impatient agony, half-fright ened by her stony anguish. Once, twice, she tries to speak, but in vain. The third time the one word "Freddie" makes itself heard. Its utterance seems to break the spell, and mechanically she hands me the paper, but I turn from it with a shudder, remembering the one I got at Sen noside. " No, tell me,—is she ill ?" I ay, fearing I know not what. "111?—worse!" shudders Ag, bowed and broken-looking. " "Worse ?—not dying? oh, not dying I It cannot be 1" "Daad!" and with the word she falls on her knees beside me, and, with her anns~ around me and her head in my lap, she breaks into "a storm of sobs that terrify, and, taken in conjunction with her terrible news, be wilder me totally., Deadl can iS be possible?—she, our bright, beautiful, beloved sister—dead! I could laugh aloud at the thought, in my disbelief. That young, vigorous, beautiful life out short 1 that gay, eweet voice bustled, those sunny eyes sealed for ever I and all her new-born wealth of mother-love and wifely- worship d^ad with her I O, baby Bruce; poor, little motherless ivaifl I could almost hate you in the first heat of our new fire of affliction! Is it any wonder that he, your sorely-striken sire, should shrink, for a time from the sight of , your sweet innocent faoe, knowing that your birth has cost his darling's life? God com fort liim, and guide thee, poojr babe—so un conscious of thy Iobs I For nearly twenty mintates Ag clings, weeping wildly, to me, deaf to my soothing words, insensible to all my caresses, then gradually she grows calm, and terns com forter for the benefit of the rest of us; first telling me the substance of the telegram. It is very brief, simply conveying the sad »i,. and promising particulars by the firat Taken away from the evil to come. Mrs. Sutherland's words reenr to us both, and gratefully we thank God that she was spared this crushing blow. . Even as we dwell upon those strangely prophetic syllables, Mrs. Sutherland arrives, her own grief swallowed up in the greatness of her sympathy for us. But why dwell upon the long weary hours of sad waiting that follow? or even upon the contents of poor Lex's heart-brokeH letter ?— they, indeed, are too sacred to be lightly ex posed to every eye. Enough that it is too true,—that dreadful telegram,—that she, the flower of the family, the pride and joy of her husband's heart is truly under the sod hidden from -our earthly eyes for ever. She had never recovered her strength after her baby's birth, seeming at first to do well, then, gradually, fading away, wasting to a skeleton almost, so thin and weak, but to the last, eweet and unselfish, cheering him with confident assurances of their future meet ""iiast mesaBges she sent as all, bidding us specially be good to her "boys," for her sake, and advising Lex to leave New Zealand, where he had nBltherkith nor kin, and re jam tohiaeldhonie.^ji^^i^ —— Bat that neither duty nor indination will sanction at present. The land that holds bar dost, is dearer to him than «ven the land of parents, boose, and friend#, and for her little one's sake ha most not lightly scsifo : tbe post that means independence, and Ml th* bread of idieneas; for there is bo optpiag ■ for him in ft—, not mooh provpect of wm ; bring one.. Betides, In work, he can bat ' target bis loss, be tells tie, and work 1m dOM ' —to bard that be knocks himself op most : pronouneedly, and three or lour months later finds himseU ordered home on siok leave for three months; There I find him looking the ghost of the old-time Lex, poor fellowi when I return for the Christmas vacation, lor I had insisted on going baek to my work at CatBboroagh,_ des pite the mute entreaties of Ag'a wistful eyes, and the chiefs suggestion to relinquish it. There vu nothing for me to do &t; home in onr diminished household, as I told them, and I must have Bomeihing to fill my thoughts, and take ma oat of myself. Reluctantly, they bad consented at last to my continuing it for amother year, hoping then, I might resign it of my own accord. My Sunnysida friends had met me on my return with a genuine sympathy that tried my control sorely, and vied with each other in their kindness to me, Nance I find quite recovered, apd looking health and beauty personified, She has at length consented to " name the day," and, rather to Mr. Alexander's disgust, has fixed it for no less distant a date than St. Valen tine's day, that being also her birthday. Slowly the weeks paBS by, despite all I can do to make them fly—working hard during school hours, and harder still study ing for matriculation in my Bpaxe time, lor in Btudy now I find forgetfulnes3 and calm. Twiee a week I go into C— for lessons and it is on one of these occasions that, on leaving my tutor's residence and calling for letters at the post, I receive the following precious epistle. Fernlea, Tnesday evening, Ms bear Mis DuNBiB, Let my anxiety to render yon the fall ex planation that is your due plead for my presumption ib thus addressing you, and in fHstioe to yourself do not act npon what will most probably be your first impulse, and return this unread. Do not think for a moment I mean to make excuses for myself, or try to gloss over my vile conduct. Let that stand in all its black,cowardly treachery, it will the sooner quench the last sparky of your regard, supposing that even one remains, and to forget me is the wisest thing yoa can do now. Aye, forget me, forget that I ever entered you life, though) till my dying day, I shall cherish a fond rememberance of your every word send look. I love you too well to wish you to preserve even the faintest memory of me, for remembrance must mean aught but happiness or pleasure in this case, and you have had your share of Borrow and pain ol late—may the future recompense you amply for the past. Bat to come to the point. I deem it tmly right to tell you that as, deeply as I loved you when I asked you io' become ray wife, I lave yon still, move deeply on the principle that forbidden fruit gains in sweetness; the unattainable becomes all-desirable I From the first hour I met you and fell under the spell of your loveliness, till the present moment, my paBsion has been a part of my life, and will be till I eease to exist. Does this horrify your sense of right? ray loving one woman with all my soul, and perjuring myself to gain another's gold. " The love of money is the root of all evil," truly, nowa days as of old, and with N. F., especially. Piotaresque poverty I can form no concep tion of. Penary is my pst antipathy, and to be hard np with others depending on me— the thought is enough 1 I should desert them or commit suicide. Am I painting myself plainly enough ? It is not a sweet picture, is it ? No, the change is not in job, but in my altered circumstances. As the manager of Fernlea, I had a comfortable home, if not a luxurious one, to offer my wife, but as Norton Fowler, minus position and prospeots, existence on a pound a week, perhaps, to share. My marriage will be purely a bargain —the rent-roll ol IjilHoa for my youth and good looks, my bride elect tells me. 1 may flatter myself on the possession of the latter without vanity, and for youth—I am only twenty-eight in years, but thrice that in worldly-wise foresight, eh? Have I said enough to make you loathe and despise me even as I despise myself ? In one way I hope so, but despise me, forget me if you will, yet pity me a little, too, for, villain and eoward as I am, my punishment is hard to bsar. Tied for fife to a woman I do not even profess to love, who bores and irritates me every hour of the day, thrioe hec wealth could not reconcile me to my loss of your sweet self. Who would envy me ? Perhaps the—" Sat here contempt and disgust get the better of me, and crunching the paper into a ball, I throat it into my pocket with angry vehemence. " Miserable wretch!" I mutter to myself, " it would serve him right to send it to his ' bride elect' as he calls her, but botween her infatuation and his laok o Jconscience, he'd convince her it was a forgery." "What's the matter, Dot? something has upset your serenity," Nance's voice breaks in on my soliloquy, as 1 sear the gate of her mother's cottage. Diawinj? her into her oo'n room I give her the letter with a cart— "R;ad that." Puzzled, but obedient, she does so, and I watehher lace with its lightning changes of expression while she reads. Surprise, contempt, indignation, disgu I chase each other across it, and oonfirm my own opinion. "Well?" I say sharply, as she silently hands it back. " Don'® speak of him, Dot., he's beneath your notice," she advises gently, then, curi osity proving stronger than her resolve, " When did he propose, dear?" " The day he drove me down in his dog cart." " And you—" «< Said' yes,' after a week's consideration. But enough of him "Nance. I wish the widow joy of her bargain." "Too are well xid of him, dear; don't regret him." "X don't now. That letter cured me," I laugh, bitterly. "When does the wedding take place, Nance?" "Next Thursday, I heard yesterday." "In G—?" " Yes, at the English church." " Thursday—that is fete day, is it not ?" " Yes, or to quote the C— Mm, our 1 An nual Athletic Sports.'" "And a fchool holiday 1 Nance, Imrat get in for it." "The/«te?" " No, the wedding." " Dot, do you mean to make a death's head of the feast ?" " I mean to make Norton Fowler see my mania is over." "As you please, ma chere. The church will be crowded, I think, for it's to bfl a grand affair as dress goes, though only intimate friends are invited. He wanted a private wadding, Mrs. Eiyhoi told me, but she insisted cn askiog ber hundred and one particular friends, and being married in the church." " Wise woman, after paying so much for him, why shouldn't she exhibit him?" " Cynic I are we to be present then ?" " And jritness the sacrifice—yes." " Can you calmly look on it ?" " Wait and see—I think so." '* Be up in good time then, we mustn't be late,1' Bhe says, as ths buggy comes -round to the gate. "All right," I promise, as I follow Mrs. Arcroft out to it, stopping a moment to say good-bye to Mrs. Stair. "In time for what, Dot?' asks Mrs. Arcroft, as we bowl along. «' Mr. Fowler s wedding on Thursday." " Oil, yoa heard of it, then curi ously. " Yes, and I want yoa 'to drive me in to see it," I say, coaxingly. " Gold won the day after all. Dot?" she ventures; in haU-tender, half- sarcastic tones, " I h»pe ha may be as happy as he deserves. It's a pity, for his sake, yon hadn't a ' Lillica' to take him to." "And a blessing for mine," I laugh. " That sounds like sour grapes, eh ? but it's not. Like ' Lady Clare,' X want to be loved for ' my own true worth.'" " I'm glad to hear it, Dot," shB says earnestly, " I should never forgive myself if I thought that by making him so welcome always, I had helped him to deceive you at all." " Never think that, dear Mrs. Arcroft. I was deceived in him for a time, I candidly confess, bat. my eyes are open now, and I resign him to the widow without a regret." " That's good news tome, and in gratitude for it, I promise to drive you in to see the knot tied, if all's well." She is as good as her -word, and Thursday morning finds as, on the stroke of eleven, simmering in the crowded ahuroh, waiting for the wedding party. Three, fonr, five minutes pass, then the carriages dash up to the choroh, and a moment later the bride enters on her brother's arm, his face expressing the dis approbatien he feels. She is fearfully and wonderfully resplendent in ruby brocade, the bodice fitting her substantial figure with a tightness suggestive of an explosion, with a blaze of diamonds at her ihroat, ears and wrists, and in her hair.;: Entering by another door her bridegrom advances, and meets her at the communion, in front of the old clergyman. Handsome and self-possessed, he goes through his share of the solemn eervioa with oatward indiffer ence. " Till death do us part." As the words fall on my ears Ireoall his written oneB— " Tied for life to a woman I do not even profess to love," and I wonder if he remembers them too. The ceremony ever, he makes no effort to foil the " best man's" determination to obtain the first kiss, but coolly drawing his wift% ar ji through his, leads hex to the vestry y Then the crowd slowly files, out so slowly thai NatC3 and I are only emerging from our pew as the bridal party re-appear, and mj funereal figure in it's deep mourning is the first thing they see. That he sees it the dark lei flush that dyes his face declares, and hi. eyes fall before mine, but only for a moment; then, bowing slightly, he hurries on. After the breakfast the " happy pair," start for Sydney, where they spend the honey moon. And thus ends that chapter of my life. 