POUR^ ' OHRIStMASES, ] At Hoke. ; I The versatilities of humanity are so manifold, and, in many cases so marked, that a brief , description of four Christmas Days spent under exactly -opposite -; circumstances, may prove of general interest to the read era of the Express. The Christmas of 1882 spent in England 5 of 1883 on fKc UwSntr Jaah » lOOi £w i-L. U. ? t_ -C WMW 9 V* IUO* 111 VUC UUt)U UL Nev South Wales ; and that of 1885 in a more civilized and prosperous colony of Australia, in Seymour, Vic toria. Vivid to the recollection was the advent of the first Christmas of which I have to apeak. The nld seasonable ?weather, two days previous to Christmas Day, had set in. The ice had been of sufficient thickness for skating for some days, when a heavy snow, accompanied by a drifting wind; set in, and soon covered the earth with a mantle' of white. Fierce blew the cold north wind, chilling one to the marrow who chanced to be wandering abroad ; and even in the dwelling houses the snow thrust its unwelcome presence through every possible crack ua. vuiuu. vtJcpci ttuu ueoscr cauie the flakes of white, making vehicular traffic difficult, and presently impos sible. Blockades of snow were formed' in front of houses, causing grave alarm and misery to the inmates ; still down came the snow unceasingly. The drifting wind causes it to fill up the valleys, the railroads, and wherever it will find access. At length the country looks depopulated, for not a soul is to be seen ; trains cannot run, and business becomes entirely suspended. Picture then, the disas trous consequences, not only to merchandise generally, but also to the safety of life and limb 1 But what a day may bring forth ! Christmas Eve dawned upon a horizon of slush ; the Barometer had suddenly risen, and the snow of the previons day was quickly melting into water. The sun shone out blight and warm, and a springlike day was the consequence. Christmas Day was ushered in, nevertheless, with a sharp black frost, and (he roads were thereupon turned Into sheets of ice so smooth that it was possible to skate for a number of miles. Thus arose another difficulty for the good, pions Ohiircb-goers, who, to hear the words of peace and good-will on Christmas morn, would travel many milea, The bells of these churches in ushering in the hajyrday, is an event which all, even to the smallest of the family, must hear, and the midnight peal on the same old bells, which the oldest have' heard from their infancy, have a new charm as they ring out ? x I ? _1J ? 7 _1 ? ? ? 1 1. TI ? 1J UVW I. liC UUiU HUV UCttl C4UUI. X11U U1U familiar ' Adeste Pideles,' when played from the belfry, seems to enchant all who are within earshot of its resonant and supplicating harmony. At the services on Christmas Day, in the midst of the holly, lichen, ivy and mistletoe decorations, the meek and unaffected grace of the worshippers gives a tone of blessedness in accord with the joyous occasion of celebrating the birthday of Christ And when the last tones of the organ have died away, the worshippers wend their way homewards to enjoy the regal fare, always so bountifully provided for rtiin day of days. The roast beef, the boar's head, heralded with carols and shouts of mirth, the rich plum pudding, and the many and various other viands are partaken of ; the yule log is lighted, and then follows the Christmas stories of ghosts and legends which have been handed down bom genera tion to generation. And ofttimes, in the ruddy glow of the yule embers, a variation is made for the dance ; and no sooner is such a deviation made than a band of strolling mummers appears and demands admittance, which - is never denied. The revelry then becomes intense, and the remainder of the day is spent in mirth, mimicry, and~hdarity pf , the most jovial -type. Good cb'eer thronghoui the day is the order ; good-fellowship prevails ; and with one and all ? perfect harmony exists. The ancient stanza— i ' Christmas comes but kmce a year, a yd when it cranes ft brings pfq^jcheer,' is fpUy exemplined ; it-is superabun dant and ,.»niversal, ! sad worthy the day Thiswa ptfef BketcVof the manners and ensboms of our forefathers, our own families may be whom we have left in our fatherland, and whoip , we may or jroay not see again. Neverthe less, with joy we always recal the past portion- bf our lives, and, although placed tinder different circumstances, the memories of long ego recur, and the thought is pleasant and dear to as at all times A good many lady custom inspec tors in New York. Tichbome claimant summoned for support of wife and children. Vaccination bees fashionable in the ? States. 1 ' 1 . AH the passengers in an American , train put nnder eUoroform. and robbed. i . , ' Godlin moth spreading' .in South | Australia. Dan O'Connor is to.be opposed at . West Sydney. A. gunner- named' Davis killed through carelessness at Adelaide on BoxingDay. Dion Boucittault is terribly rough on Anstralian lheatribal managers. Numbers killed by- tornadoes in, Alaska. ' ; Little girl named .Annie Cavaaagh bled to death -through tailing on a bottle atWarmanjbooL The Coin ese of- Beech worth told the Governor he was wel'y welcome, j 43old dieccveied at jhead of rivei C*din Westenj^ustrali^, . 