OUR NEW YORK LETTER. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] If an earthquake had levelled the Grand Central Depot, or a cyclone had swept over New York, or a lightning bolt had laid the City Hall in ruins the shock could not have been more complete for the instant than the sensation caused by the announcement that William H. Vanderbilt was dead ; not that he was a great man, a warrior, a statesman, or a Utera tour, but simply that he represented mooted interests more vast than any other man known to history among the living or the dead. Not Orooius or Midas, nor any single member of the Rothschild family, ever held such vast possessions ; never before in the history of man was such a fortune accumulated without special financial ability in a single life The Rothschilds wore financiers for generations. The race from which they sprang had for ages governed the finances of the world. Great wealth, unquestioned integrity, Immense opportunities, and unlimited experience, had placed them in a position where the representatives of kings waited humbly in their ante-rooms for favours. But there is nothing in recorded history like the case of William B. Vanderbilt At 40 he was a farmer, and not a particularly good one, and at 50 he stood the representative of one of the greatest fortunes of ancient or modern times. His father had method in his madness, and left to his eldest son, William H-, not only the bulk of his immense possessions, but such a well ordered machine, that the engineer had only to sit down and it seemed to run by its own volition. The mere secretion of such a colossal fortune in a few years was bound to make the owner of it the richest man of the age. Commodore Vanderbilt left a fortune roughly estimated at one hundred millions, and it is safe to say that this immense fortune has doubled in the last 40 years. It would hardly be safe to estimate the character of the dead millionaire by the report of his brothers and sisters, but if we measure him by what he has done according to his splendid opportunities, he simply falls into line with the Stewarts, the Garrisons, the Hoyts, the Stages, and the Goulds, who made money and kept it. For what he had he deserves no credit for the use he made of what he had he deserves no credit. At mature manhood, suddenly and almost unlooked for, he found himself in possession of the income of a hundred millions, and as he had never been roared to expensive tastes he found it impossible to spend it. He seldom appeared to look outside of himself or his family in the expending of his fortunes and, if he ever indulged in charity, he obeyed the scriptural injunction, and never let his right, hand know what his left hand did, and if the right hand found it out, it has religiously kept the secret, for not a living soul ever heard a word about it We knew how much his pictures cost ; we had invoices of every article of his furniture ; we knew what it cost to build his big house, to fresco the walls and we even heard the cost of the phenomenal paving stone opposite his front door ; we knew ' J i I i m r , '_ me how much he paid Messonior, Munkaaoy, Rosa Bonheur, and Hans Markart ; the price he paid for Maud 8, and also what he sold her for to Bonnor ; we also know that he paid the expenses of getting the obelisk from Alexandria to New York and that he gave 500 600dol. for an hospital. There may have been other benefactions, but they never seemed to reach the poor directly. His income must have been from ten to fifteen millions annually, and three or four millions of this could have saved thousands from suffering the pangs of want. The money that it cost to bring the obelisk from Alexandria would have built a block of model houses for the poor that could have been leased for a moderate rent, conferring untold blessings on thousands. The shock of his death was only momentary. The absolute certainty that his immense wealth would fall into hands as good, if not better than his own, restored confidence at once, and the dead millionaire goes to join the great majority. There is nothing that calls for special notice as "it the man except his money, stripped of that there is nothing left to speak of. How different the case of Horace B. Griffin whose death I recorded three weeks ago. When he died a wail went up from the poor. The widow and the orphan whom he had succored in their distress mourned for him. The blessings of the bankrupt merchants whom he had saved from ruin followed him to his grave. The Wall-street gamblers were not disturbed or shaken, for he knew them not, nor they him, but his employees went like children who had suddenly lost a father and they had, for he had been more than a father to them. There are various kinds of charities : Mr. Stewart left Judge Hil- ton a million, and Judge Hilton was worth three millions before he received the Stewart bequest. Mrs. Astor never gave the city an obelisk, but she has fed and clothed hundreds of poor ragged boys and girls, and perhaps when the balance sheet is struck, when she reaches the Pearly Gates, the benedictions of these ragged, unkempt waifs may count as much as a 500 GOOde. hospital or an Egyptian obelisk. And so one by one these magnates pass away. A few days, or weeks, or months, or years at most, some scribe like myself will write the obituary of Gould and now we are asking ourselves, how will he died Outside of his own immediate family NO one will care how or when he goes, except, perhaps, old Morlsini, or Connor, his Wall-street broker. They might have made their names immortal with blessing ; they chose the other way, and it is not to be wondered at that the public care very little whether they live or die. With only a tithe of Vanderbilt's wealth the memory of old Peter Cooper floats down through the ages fragrant and rich with blessing. Great as were his benefactions, it was not so much what he gave as the manner of his giving. While he lived he showed thousands of poor young men and women the road to honest independence. For years before he died he went daily through the halls of the magnificent Institution which bears his honoured name, and deaf as he was, he could scarcely fail to hear the blessings and prayers that followed him. His dust returns to the dust, but the immortal part of him is seen every day, a living reality that will still exist, blessing with his beneficent gifts untold millions when the proud obelisk in our park shall have crumbled into dust, and the stately Medical College, reared at a cost of 500 GOOde. shall be a hopeless ruin. It is a satisfaction to know that the present representative of Vanderbilt's wealth is a man whose life has been above reproach. He has had every advantage to make him great, and wealth that raised him above mercenary temptation. Cornelius Vanderbilt is a citizen of whom r any community might well be proud, and if he only fulfils the promise of his life so far, the community will have no cause to regret his father's death. In Chauncey Depew he has a faithful and able counsellor. He was his father's most tried and trusted friend, as he has been the friend of every member of his family for many years. Mr. Depew is evidently a man of the people, he is neither above nor below them, but of them ; his elevation to the head of the greatest corporation in the United States has not altered him a hair, and he can negotiate for a hundred million railroad in the morning and compose a brilliant after dinner speech in the afternoon. It is not often that I exhaust so much space on the obituary of any one person, but it has been the town talk for the past few days, and could not be avoided. Brooklyn, as usual, furnishes us with an exceptionally interesting item : An individual by the name of Kruger was married to quite a pretty wife, but two years of wedded bliss satisfied the blooming young Benedict and he began to cast about for fairer fields and pastures new. In the course of his peregrinations he met a fair young damsel of eighteen summers and he immediately proposed and was accepted, she supposing him a single man. He went home straightway and notified his wife he was going to got married and invited her to the wedding, but he was considerate enough to draw up a written agreement by which he gave her his full consent to marry whom she pleased, promising not to molest her on any considers i ion. Just in the nick of time an old sweet- heart of his wife's turned up, and he was willing to take her. So the matter was amicably arranged. The preparations for the wedding went forward, and just as they were about completed, wife No. 1 learned that her husband in his anxiety to get rid of her, had offered to sell her for two dollars and a half t > a hump-backed tailor. This was more than flesh and blood could bear. She could stand being given away to the man of her choice ; but to be offered for sale at 2dul. 50cts. was an outrage that cried aloud for vengeance, so She complained of her husband for abandonment, and he was arrested on the eve of his marriage. And now the wife is arrested for conspiracy, as it is alleged that the husband and wife and the old sweetheart who agreed to take her, were all in a conspiracy to get the fortune of the young girl that Kruger was attempting to marry. It is a queer case, and my land all the parties in State prison. Nothing can give a better idea of our business prosperity than the fact that a man worth two hundred millions our die, and our finances remain unshaken. The vibration was felt more in London than in New York, and even while I write the news seems old. We are about to scalp the Mormons for maintaining a loose matrimonial code according to our system of ethics. Yet day after day things come to light in this goodly city, on which matters at Salt Lake are quite an improvement. Wives are taken and dropped with as much impunity as a pair of old shoes, and husbands are parted without a moment's notice, and in nine cases out of 10, the woman fails to better her condition, but on the contrary, she frequently abandons home and children to follow some vagabond who eventually casts her off. But one of the queerest arrangements turned up in our sister city of Brooklyn, which as usual furnishes me with the bulk of my interesting items. In the city of churches and Henry Ward Beecher, lived a comfortable couple who had been married 18 years. Contrary to all experience, the marriage had been an exceedingly happy one, Mrs, M thought her husband a teapot, and Mr. M. thought his wife was' a daisy. About two years ago Mrs. M. was taken ill, and partial paralysis incapacitated her from attend- ing to her household duties, so she sent i s I. i I I l J |! )H of J G for her friend Mrs. X to come and take care of her house and her husband. Mr. X was a widow whose husband had I crossed the Styx some five years before leaving her in somewhat straitened circumstances. She was a most estimable person to look upon, and she nursed her sick friend with a devotion that certainly did her very great credit. At last it became evident to Mrs. M. that the land of the golden slippers was not far off, so she summoned her husband and the widow to her bedside and gave them her blessing, and told them that the best thing they could do was to get married at once and be happy. This exactly met the views of the widow X. and Mr. M. So without waiting for the unimportant formality of Mrs. M. making her final exit they repaired to the nearest Methodist parsonage, when the minister, seeing that they were both of age, tied the holy knot, and received two dollars and a half, and 75 cents for the certificate, not to mention a kiss of the bride thrown in. Mrs M's case was hopeless, and after the marriage she was removed to the hospital, where last week she died. All the time she was in the hospital her husband paid the expenses, but at her death her brother claimed her body and refused to let her husband attend the funeral, but after the funeral was over he sent the husband a bill for the funeral expenses. The husband refused to settle the bill, as they had not allowed him to attend the funeral, so the brother had him arrested for bigamy, though his sister, who was the injured party, if there was any injury, was safe in the promised land ; but bigamy is bigamy, even if a ghost in the complainant, and Mr. M. and widow X. have States prison staring them in the face, though everybody immediately connected is perfectly satisfied, except the brother, whose only injury was 87 50dol. for his sister's funeral. It is no uncommon thing for three or four widows to turn up at the Sarre gate's Court of men well known in the community, and many of whom up to the time of deaths, were supposed to be leading most exemplary lives. Looking back a few years, a man as well known as Burton, the actor, left three or four widows, every one of whom seemed to have a legitimate claim to the property. Marcus Cicero Stanley, the lottery man, left two widows, each one claiming to be the original Jacobs. Davis, the gambler and sawdust man, who was killed while trying to rob a Texan, had two . wives, and each of them declared he was a most exemplary and affectionate husband and it is only a short time ago since I reported the death of an eminent New York merchant who was known by one name at his office in New York for 20 years, and by another name at his private residence in Brooklyn, where he resided with his wife, who swore after his death, that she never heard of his New York name, and on his will being presented for probate, his real wife, whom he had abandoned 25 years before, appeared and established , her identity by her marriage certificates and other collateral proofs. Her husband had accumulated a fortune of 300 600dol., and ever since he had deserted her she had maintained herself and her children by washing. The remarkable part of the story is that they were living not a half-mile apart, and had never met or heard of each other in all these years. It is a satisfaction to know that wife No. 1 got the great bulk of the fortune. She left her washtubs and took possession of one of her late husband's brown stone houses, furnished it magnificently, got a sealskin sacque, a camel-hair shawl, a pair of diamond ear-rings, and a widow's veil at 7d. a yard, She took a front pew in a fashionable church, and is a prominent patron of Sunday schools and foreign missions, and now all the seedy old bachelors and impecunious widowers are going for the rich widow. Wife number two, who was perfectly innocent of any wrongdoing, and who had been a faithful wife to the dead man for over 20 years, was not left wholly d stitute. She had secured 30,000 do). during her husband's life, and a comfortable home besides, so that she would be no bad catch for any bachelors or widowers who are lying around loose. This is a perfect paradise for female swindlers ; no sooner is one disposed of than another takes her place, and our best hotelkeepers are generally their vic- time, though bankers and brokers are not beneath their attentions. It is only a few months since a lady from the South charmed a dozen boarding-house keepers and large circle of admiring acquaintances at each place, as she sang with exquisite power and was an artist in crayon and oil of no mean ability. But with all her talents and accomplishments, she was a swindler and a thief, end taking advantage of the confidence reposed in her, she purloined rings, breast pins, and all such trifles as were left lying about her friends' rooms- and'after working a house to its utmost capacity, she generally left. At lost a noted detective was set upon the case, and the result was the arrest of the unfortunate woman, whose baggage being searched, disclosed over 200 pawn tickets for all sorts of things which she had stolen. When the detective arrested her she asked permission to step into an inner room to arrange her bonnet where she swallowed a dose of strychnine and was dead before aid could reach her. The latest is the wife of a dead English Lord She gave a couple of sharp old ladies some worthless checks in payment for her board, and as a natural consequence, brought up in jail. It would seem that this class of adventurers are seldom without friends. A very fine lady went through a dozen hotels here, living at the rate of a hundred to a hundred and fifty dollars a week. None but the beat apartments suited her, and she rode from place to place, not in an ordinary turn out, but in a private carriage, with coach- man and footman in livery, so that every body thought she was rolling in wealth. At last the calls for the payment of bills became pressing, when all at once the hotel was startled with the announcement that the lady's room had been entered and 10,00dol worth of diamonds had been stolen. Waiters were called up and examined ; chambermaids were overhauled ; bell boys were scrutinised ; but nothing was found. Just in the nick of time a detective dropped in, and gobbled the lady, when a list of her swindles appealed, longer than the moral law, just as mat- ters were coming to a head, a kind-hearted old gent, was induced by her daughter to come forward and settled all her bills, and she walked out of court a free woman, though at one time it appeared as if she would land in the penitentiary. The equitable division of the Yander I Silt property caused a drop in the market i from 2 to 5 per cent. There appears to be no special reason for this, but the chronic cussedness of the brokers. The executors have a year and a half to settle I the aff firs, and the securities are of such excellent character that it is altogether probable that the major portion of them , will be held by the family, and if there [ was any likelihood of the market being disturbed, there is no doubt but a syndl I care would be formed inside of 21 hours I that would hold the market firm. Marvellous indeed are these winter did- ' plays that are now crowding the streets. Never before, in my memory, has the i display of goods been so beautiful and lavish. It is a gratification to know that many of the most beautiful goods in the market are of American manufacture. Our schools of design are making themselves felt in every department of art, giving employment to thousands whose lives might otherwise be passed in hope- less drudgery. ' Í ! ' j 