Tie Sportsman. The "Grand Caledonian Fete" on the Adelaide Oval on January 2nd, arranged in conjunction with Professor Miller and Donald Dinnie, is spoken of by an Adelaide paper as an "unmitigated fraud from beginning ,to end," Dinnie .and Miller were billed as non^omi>etitors for the prizes offered,' but Dinnie com- peted in four events, the prizes Ju each being £50. This nearly. led to à free tight on the ground, and^how it was 'prevented during the day seems a mystery. A peculiar illustration of the Scotchman's unlimited " cheek " came out in this way. P. B. Roachock and Dinnie contested in throwing the 20ib weight, prize £50, the Scotchman being handicapped back 2ft. When both had thrown Dinnie actually measured the distances . and declared - himself the winner. " His 'opponent, however, rose an objection to this, and on the ground being re-measured it was found that Róachóck had won by 5 inches ;. but D'fnniè was awarded .the prize. Again, in putting the stone for a £50 prize, Dinnie insisted on the Caledonian style* allowing a run of only 7£- feet, while, his only opponent, Roachock, . urged that as ho style had been specified he could do as- he liked. A- third party taking Dinnie's part drew''forth: greens and hisses from the' crowd. The men - then threw; the two styles', Dinnie Vinning by 6 inches in Scotch btyle,'üdf Roachock (with the 2 feet given him) won by 7 inches ,.wit^:,any. length^pjE ^run.r; The prize was thèn given to Dinnie, who left the ground amidst hooting,' groaning and cries of "pay the" moñeyj «fee." Dinnie threw the 221b. hammier 87 feet, and the 161b hammer, 105 feet. In the cricket match, Australian Eleven v. Victoria, Jarvis,"' the South Australian wicketkeeping phenomenon, accomplished the truly remarkable feat of stumping four batsmen and catching two others in a single innings. Six wickets out of a possible ten. Strange to say it was all done off palmer's bowl- ing.' Trumble,- for the Australian Eleven, bowled 19 consecutive maidens in one innings. Another match is talked of between H. Davison and D. Roberts for the running championship of South Aus- tralia. It's about time the Territory sent a ped. down to whack the pair of them. \- At the Burketown New Year's Day races Mr. Young's horse Moody fell in the Maiden Plate and broke its neck. The Burke District Jockey Club will give £900 in added money to be com- peted for at its next meeting to be .held on 7th and 8th July. This includes the Normanton Handicap of £150 and the Burke District Jockey Club Handicap of £200. Charles Wilson and A Bailey ;'rah a spurt of 100 yards for £20. a side' at Normanton on January 9th. They iran two dead heats, but in the third attempt Bailey won by half a yard. " -r During the running of the Tattersalls Club Cup at Randwick on January 1st, a horse named St Lawrence- "gave up' the'ghost."- He came in last;1 and when passing the stand staggered and fell, dying very soon after. '«' . .*» . Flemington races had to be postponed till 16th January on account of the course being under water. . At the V.R.C. Summer meeting Jan. 1st, Maddelina won the Normanby Stakes ; Cripps' Duration the Standish Plate; Insolvent the Hurdle Race; Sheet Anchor the Bagot Plate ; TViernder the Steeplechase; Duration the Mid- summer Handicap; and The-Nun appropriated the Criterion Stakes. .In the Steeplechase Wymlet, Lizzette, Goodwood, and Narrung came to grief and Uncas also fell in the Standish Plate, very near bringing several others with him. . ' ": The horse Governor fell and'broke his shoulder while competing in the Moonee Valley Steeplechase oh Jan. 3rd. Sydney Tattersalls Races o*f January 1st resulted as under -.-Hurdle Race, Caloola; Flying Handicap, 'Recruit; Selling Race; Ellington ; ^Tattersalls Club Cup, Hon. J. White's Tempe: Tattersalls Two-year-old Stakes, Ches- ham Ladies' Bracelet, Miss* M. Smith's Peter. On Jan. 3rd the results were: New Year's Gift,. Rosebud ; Selling Race,. Phaon ; Carington Stakes, Ben Bolt; Steeplechase, .Kangaroo*. Two year-old. Selling Race,. Queen, of the South ; Fm Handicap, Minerva. An exchange says°: " When;the mai! left, Archer had beaten his previéúi record of 241/ and was in, a fair way tc ride 250 winners before the e nd of th « .season.".' " ? : "'s ' ?' : " h: \ ? .. 'ï iiZ ......- :.... , The Hon. ' James White -was thu biggest ' winner at Sydney'^Tattersall meeting, appropriating £1,079: Tota stakes paid over, £3,858. ?. -The Australian team now going U England was to include Horan, Bruce Blackham, Spofforth, Palmé*, Bonnor M'llwraitb, Scott, Jarvis, an\\!/G/Giffer; Those who comprised the-Australiai Eleven in the match against Victor! were Bruce, Horan, Scott, M'Hwraith Palmer, Bonnor, Jarvis, Trumble, Healy Blackham, and Walters. ' ^ Rawlinson, the-Yorkshire professions cricketer, is settled in Sydney. ?? ?? TattersaU's Club will offer a prize o £500 for two-year-olds next year, to b called "Lady Carington's Plate:" 