THE SUNKEN TREASURE, 'Lord love and reward you, my good lady I and it's the truth, and say, I'll be bail, for she tould me she couldn't make up her heart to ride till she had nigh tumbled of the weariness on the road, and the coach came up, and she got on top of it-wishful to save her money, no doubt, for a greater need-'casion I' said the Irishwoman. 'I couldn't ride--I couldn't ride I The money was all so red, the- coachman would have seen it, and told the judges all about it I' now wildly faltered out the unhappy patient. 'She's delirious, I should think?' said Mrs. Wildgoose, looking inquiringly at her friend. - ' I an't quite so sure of that I-her father's a rum 'un, and if she has got any money much, I don't suppose it's over honestly come by !' returned the experienced matron. ' Money !-I have money!-Don't turn me out of doors to die in the street !' sighed poor Mary, exhaustedly sinking back once more on her comfortless couch, but groping with her hand to her pocket in a manner that greatly strengthened the beneficial feelings arising in Mrs. Sellshore's heart, ever since she had taken a calmer view of the event, under Fanilda's guidance. 'Take comfort, and compose yourself, my good girl I If you hadn't a penny in the world, I would never stand by and see a fellow creature brought to such misery, and not lend a hand to help her I' exclaimed the still more charitable visitor. 'Well, don't touch my money-don't, don't !-it isn't good money !--but you shall all be paid for whatever you do for me.! A young gentleman is coming up to marry me, who will pay for everything !' said Mary, still more bewilderedly, as it appeared. to her hearers. - Of the. two principal ones, each interpreted the words in her own way. 'Bad money !-Has Rourke turned coiner, then, by way of a finish?' muttered Mrs. Sellshore. ' I like young people who like their money -it's always a sign of prudence and fore thought !' said Mrs. Wildgoose; adding internally, ' The very one for us I One can always reason with a person that likes money -and is in want of it- even on the most difficult points-such as a young mother's parting with her first born for good and aye ! -Come sister Beggy,. or Bridget-I begyour pardon if I don't exactly know your. name- let us carry this young lady up stairs to a comfortable bed there is in the second pair back, and you, Mrs. Sellshore, will per haps have the goodness to bring- up the wine, and give her a glass or so to revive her.' :'Certainly I'- said the party addressed, catching the empliatic'glance of her visitor; and the applewooman, .taking pv'ary in: her stout arms, as easily'as if she had been an infant;, carried her. up to the chamber indicated. . It was the same Lady Graham had occu pied when she was in lodgings, in the htumbler capacity of the Widow .Snodgrass. It iias miserably furnished, but Mary Rourke felt it a most delightful refuge when she was permitted to. sink on the wretched pallet, where she relapsed into her swoom. We leave her surrounded by the attention of her hostess and Mrs. Wil~goose while the good-hearted Irishwoman, having received the gratuity. of a sixpence, was reminded that possibly her deserted stall would be' in danger from the. boys of the neighbourhood, and recommended to return and protect it. Alarmed with this notion she took her de parture with willingness, and the accomplices were left in full possession of their intended instrument. CHAPTER XLIV. ' .. ..' The wind was favourable, and the Osprey made. Portsmouth. on the 'morning after leaving the Downs. Avery explained his sudden departure to his young lieutenant as soothingly: to his feelings as he could. ' I don't want to lose a moment on our great enterprise that I can -avoid,' he observed, 'and therefore I thought it best to take advantage of the wind down channel. W can put this friend of yours ashore just as tell at one place as another; only I should be vexed beyond allendurance if he coaxed ybu on the dull land, again without your ever experiencing the joyous, tossed-about life we lead on the sea I' ' There is not the least-fear of that l' said our hero ! 'I have'less liking for the land than ever I had before, Captain Avery. I burn, I thirst, to execute our enterprise, that I may prove-it does not much matter what I prove i Yet more than ever, I would give life itself to be able to convince her I love, that I am not the poor mercenary slave she takes.me to be I' 'Have they not sent after you from Brook l' said Avery. 'Yes, butnot to recall me I They have sent me a parcel of paper which may be turned, ifI see fit, into a heap of yellow metal l: EI mean to send-it all-back-not by the bearer, for he vows he will not return among them-but by the first safe conveyance I light upon i' 'Right, my lad, righ't!' exclaimed the captain, much rejoiced -at. the explana-tion. 'When they-see us again on English ground, it will be with the treasures of Sultan Avery at command, in oider at least that women may not- suspect, us of being governed in in our actions by the poorest and basest of motives l' Patrick Rourke, thus entrapped into a voyage, was terribly sea-sick all the way. And this man, who had so unfeelingly assisted in, or rather peremptorily promoted, the slaughter of a fellow being, compassioned himself in the highest degree for his misad venture. 'It's the shtbbiest trick that ever was played on a man,' he said, as he lay writhing on the deck; 'to bring one out at sea in danger of all the ilements, for no reason on earth but the pleasure of the captain, and for the sake of a handful of wind in the sails. Oh ! if I was only once on shore, catch me going off the dry land again ' Frederick remembered aftetwgrds that his uninvited guest dwelt with curious pertinacity upon a variety of associations, all connected in some -way or another with a violent death inflicted at the hands of the public execu tioner. Nevertheless, as they approached Ports mouth, and the first paroxysms of sea-sickness wore off, Patrick begain to 'talk in another strain. 'After all, sir,' he said to Frederick, who brought him some of the sailors' broth. 'After all, now I have got over the first to do of it, I think I should make as good a sailor as another, and I have no wish at all to stay among the people ashore. It would be long before they brought me a basin of good broth, any of them, if I were dying of hunger. Don't the captain here want a steward, or a cook, or anything of a land sort at all, for me to go with him on as long a voyage as ever was sailed, with the exception that I should like to come back again in a year or two, at the most ?' 'And what meanwhile would become of your family, and of your daughter Mary ?' said Frederick, in a voice that visibly stirred his hearer's attention. ' And-what do you know. about Mary, or care for the children ?' he replied, peevishly, 'She is old enough to look out for herself, isn't she. Frederick knew not, in his own youthful simplicity, whether Rourke as yet suspected his daughter's fall and deplorable condition in consequence. ' Well,' he observed, with some embarrass ment, 'perhaps, in your present condition, you would be of no great assistance to your family, Rourke, and though I would not accept the smallest trifle Miss Sydney or her friends could offer me personally, I should not hesitate in entreating her benevolence for poor Mary and your little ones.' Rourke was touched in spite of the ferocity and baseness of his nature. 'You're a good young gentleman, Master Frederick,' said he, after a pause, ' and I'll be shot-if I do you all the harm some people would be glad I should. Just you take my advice, and keep as snug to the ship as you can--and they won't be able to take you back, and make a sort of a show of you for a runaway appren tice, as I- heard say old Mr. Pophly would have it you ought to be trated, though I don't believe you ever signed articles.' Frederick smiled incredulously. But as Rourke persisted with great earnestness in his desire to be received on board in any capacity except that of seaman, to which he could make no pretensions, Frederick kindly made the suggestion to Captain Avery. The youth" felt as if he should like to have even so little estimable a memorial of the -past associated with him in the long enterprise before them. ' He seems a strong-limbed fellow,'a kind of land-lubber we shall find good use for on our expedition. He may come if he likes. Can you guarantee his honesty, Frederick ? If so, I'll log him at once as steward, We want one.' Frederick was silent. He knew that Rourke was strongly suspected of stealing in his. last employment,. and that he was an irreclaimable drunkard .. 'Well, we will make something of him, however,', said Captain Avery; good humour edly. ' In my opinion, the worst man that ever was, might have been. done better with than twisting-his neck with a rope, which seems -o be the great remedy our lawgivers have found out for people of the sort.' Rourke was thus permitelI to stay on board the Osprey without further question. But considering he evinced on most occasions a particular dislike for the eleinent. on, which his hard'-foturie only appea'red to have cast him, for the means of subsiste1ice, it was remarkable what a very little desire he mani fested to go on shore. Even, when the vessel arrived.. in, Pprts mouth. harbour, he still: pretefide ito be ill; and kept to the berth which the captain as signed him in the steerage, :as if' he felt him self too much indisposed to leave it. Frederick's .kindness to this wretch, in the conditidn.in 'which Ihe feigned tob b'e,-6~\ ever undeserved, was not altogether un appreciated .by him;: . Avery meanwhile continued to labour under secret apprehensions that Frederick might yet be `turned aside: fr? b'in::'li'e 'great enterprise he ,had in view, and :reclai-med to the larid. He set td'wbrk at victualling and furnishing his ship forlier voyage with extra ordinary diligence;: and under pretence sof initiatintl the youth-: in the charge of the vessel, he left him on bolrd. for, the first two days while he wenht ashore on the' necessary business connected with the arranigemeents for the long voyage he proposed to take. Frederick himself was. glad to be, left for. some interval of time to his own reflections.. He bad resolved, to. return Miss Sidney her notes, accompanied with a letter in which. he. intended 'to express all .the feelings of his heart, in bidding her adieu for so long a' period, under auspices so unfavourable. He wished to express at once gratitude and humilatioh' at the generosity of her supposed gift, coupled with a sense of unworthy treat ment and.of unmerited degradationassociated in the notion that such' a present coluld be acceptable'to him. He desired to exipress to her his belief that she would soine day under stand him in a .noble sense, without at the same time distinctly alluding to the Madagas car expedition, which he left con'scious would seem ti most sober-judging persons like a delusion of insanity. Finally, touching with compassion for the desolate condition of Mary Rourke, he sought to exhibit her distressing'case, and her claimhs on the consideratiori- of. the relatives '6of Augustus Pohply, as delicately, and yet as stronglyhe could. :-. . : .-'i' It was not easy to unite all these requilsites in an appeal which Frederick also purposed should combine the deep yearning and tenderness of his beloved one that still pervaded his whole being, with the dignityi and reserve he felt.due to his own position. Moreover, in his capacity of representative of the-absent captain, he was dontinually interrupted in his?work, partlyby Avery's contrivance, who was,anxious that he should not have too much time for reflection and regrets. And thus it .happened that Frederick had not been on shore at all Portsmouth when on the evening of the second day of their arrival in that port, the Osprey was hailed from a boat that made towards it with two seamen on board besides the rowers, as she lay quietly at her moorings in the harbour. One of these persons was the Yankee mate, Lazarus Leppard. The other, Nick, Neil, the Dover fisherman's second son, who was left behind, pursuing a course of vicious dissipation in that town. It happened that Frederick was paying one of his usual kind visits to Patrick Roirke, who pretended to be labouring utinder a fit of ague which was probably chiefly owing to the effects of a dread of discovery, and some awakening sentiments of remorse. Frederick himself noticed something very disagreeable and sharp-twanged in the voice that hailed for a rope at the moment when the boat approached with the passengers mentioned above on board. But he has surprised at the effect it had on Patrihis Rourke. His hair abtually bristled up ! 'What's that I Dofi't your hear ! screeching in the wind, sir ?' he exclaimed. 'I hear a man's voice-not a very delight ful one, certainly-what in the world ails you, Rourkle ?' said Frederick, and a good deal surprised at the Irishman's agitation. ' It sounds to me like the yell of the ghost at the Black Mill!' muttered Patrick. 'You have,had the good fortune then to hear. a ghost speak ?' said Frederick, jestingly'.' My good fellow, turn your attention more to this world's concerns! I have just finished my?letter,,as I have recommended you-your children-Mary Rourke, in par ticular-to Miss Sidney's' kindness, in a manner which I am sure, unless she is alto gether changed from whtt I once knew her, will induce her to pay attention to their desolate condition 1' ' Have you, though, Mr. Frederick ?' said Rourke, in a singular piping tone, as if he were moved almost to whimpering. ' Well, if there was any good in the blessing of a rogue like me, I would say, God bless you ! But now do take my advice, young gentle man, and don't you go on shore anywhere till we are fairly out at sea i And don't be asking the reason either-but .there is one, and a good one. too i' ' You don't suppose anyone would try and remove me by force from the course of life I have adopted?' said Frederick, with warmth. ' But I do though I I haven't told you half it all yet, Mr. Frederick, but I will some day when we are out of danger of being interrupted. Maybe's I was only to try the money on you, and if that did not do, both Mr. Price and Mr. Purday had made up their minds to prevent you, one way or another, from throwing yourself away on the sea !' ' I will go ashore to-morrow, and post my letter myself, and then we shall see who shall dare to prevent me from following my incli nations, in the choice of a profession,' exclaimed Frederick. 'We orphans and scorned waifs of mankind have at least the privilege of owing no submission to a world which has conferred on us no favours ! But I must go and see what these people in the boat want: Captain Avery is still on shore.'. He went upaccordingly, and the first per son he encountered, stepping on deck, was Lazarus Leppard. ' Why,'Mr. Neil-Mr. Alick Neil i' he was already exclaiming in a reprimanding tone, to the second mate, ' What's the "meaning of keeping your canvass all hanging in dish clouts about the yards, instead of having them close-reefed up, tidy like !-as it you were under sailing orders to five minutes' notice!' ' The captain's orders, sir,' replied the second mate, in a respectful but dissatisfied and unwilling tone. ' Oh, the captain's 'orders-where is the captain ?' returned Lazarus. * Captain Avery is ashore, sir, but he has leftnme here'in his place, if you have any business to transact requiring immediate at tention,' said Frederick, stepping forward. ' He did not of course recognise the Yankee mate, but he disliked his appearance and manner from the first instant of the interview. ' And pray, sir, who are you, if I may make so downright bold to ask ?' returned Leppard. And .yet he guessed from the first glance who it was. , The captain's lieuteiiant, Mr. -Leppard ! -=so he has b.ii ;pleased', to appoint Mr. Graham I" siid. kAfi, Neil, glad of an oppor tunity to annoy his disliked superior. . ?Do you mean to say, Mt. Neil; that I am superseded,?. Catawamnpously 'chawed up out of my berth by this young man ?' returned the mate. ' Not at all, sir 1 If your name is Leppard, vou are still the chief officer ofthe ship,' said Frederick, !conitraining himself to speak as jcourteously as his ;sen?se of the insolent tone adopted by the new arrival allowed him.. Oh,, I am, am .?, Well, perhaps that's as well for'the ship as for me, young gentleman ; though I must say .it would have been more polite:.if the captaiiin could have waited out the spell of holiday he gave me, and let the ship, lie in.,Dover Roads, as we agreed, uintil I could tumble into my berth again.on board of her. Where-was the great hurry.? Were you running away from an alligator ?' 'I d). not understand you,: sir,' .said Frederick, turning-: with impatience from his questioner: 'If you weren't worth a few odd thousands to me to keep snug, I'd make you understand me with-a pretty tight rope about yonr neck, my fine fellow I' thought Lazaru, to himself. 'And -if he comes muchi more of this sort of thing, lierhaps I may het his woboden clock to the right time of 'dayyet ! Phineas, my lad,' cine and tell us all:: the news, aiid who this lieutenant fojrsooth, may be, with his I dander up ihe'moment one looks at him ! He spoke to one of his own counhrymen, r a wiry little fellow who had made a swing of one .of( the iropes of the mainmast, where he was recreating himself in the fashion of a parrot in its cage. This man descended with monkey-hlike agility at the summons, and speedily com- municated to his superior all that he thoughti ikely to interest him in what had happened on board the Osprey in his absence. Frederick's arrival - ihe extraordinary favour in which he seemed to be taken from the first with the captain-and the subsequent reception or Patrick Rourke, figured of course as remarkable memoranda in the tidings. Phineas had not completed the minor details - of an espionage which combinedr matter almost equally to the distate and I satisfaction of the Yankee mate, when ( Captain Avery returned on board. , It was clear to the sharp-sighted individual in question that his reception by his e commnander was by no means brilliant. There was something indeed more thane usually cold and constrained in his r demeanour towards him, though the associ- t ation between them had never been very 1 warm or cordial. 'How did you find your relations, Mr. Leppard ?-or did you not find any at all?' t said Avery, after a brief situation. 'Not a sprat-bone of them left, sir i But / there's the old story about them still remain- c ing that drove my grandfather out of his a native country into a better, to be sure, but I that's no thanks to those who did it !'. a ' We go a good deal by race both in -men and animals, Mr.'\Leppard,' saidC'Ay'ery, e careless how he shocked the cdemocrtic c opinions of his chief officer. ' A·id in that, I suppose, we are.begope, no doubt, as in your opinion we are in so many other. things !- Pray did you find out the old mill that you talked so much about, and did you think it s likely to prove as useful as you thought as a depot for your cargoes?' ' It only wants a good puff of wind, Mr. C Avery, to go all down of a rattle, if old Nick s don't carry it away in a whirlwvind first !' re plied the mate; adding in a very significant C manner, 'But that's of no consequence now, sir, for in my opinion our trade is about up in these parts, and unless we cut and run for it, we are sold and forfeited to a man and a mast !' 'Pray explain yourself,' said Avery, with an indifference that piqued the Yankee excessively. ' You haven't heard then what's happened from any other quarter ? Well I calculated you had got scent of something amiss when you pulled up stakes so suddenly in Dover Roads I' said the mate. 'You miscalculated, then. I came here because I wished to fit the ship out as speed ily as possible for a long voyage,' said Avery, drily. ' Well, again, though they do say ill.news flies, it'must have done more than that to get the start of me, coming express as I have all along the coast, after you,' pursued the Yankee. ' So, captain, you haven't heard how poor old woolly-head Othello has got hoisted in the county jail, and the chief part of his goods seized, for the sake of the little keg of brandy you sent on as a present to the draper at Canterbury ?' 'Good heavens, no I' 'And that isn't the worst: we're regularly informed on, no doubt, and I shouldn't a bit wonder but what the draper himself isn't at the bottom of it all !' 'Impossible ! he drives a' much better trade with me than any advantage he could reap from a betrayal. That is my chief security, I own- but are you sure things have happened as you say?' observed Avery, visibly startled. 'I was with Othello at the time he was fixed, captain,' replied Leppard. 'You know, sir, I happened to be in a little village called Brook- which is very ne r the place where my fore-elders were scandalized for all manner of things they never did, or my grandfather was as big a liar as you will light on of a long summer day-when I see poor old.Othello, be darned to him, fof'a, great, ugly,'-.unlucky Chimpanze, coming through driving'our van, quite orderly-likeý.. No'w, as I knowed he was going on to Canterbury; I just thought to myself I'd beg a lift of him there, though he's no great adorer of me nor I of him. But I'd taken a notion Ishould like to .see a cathedral and the Black Prince's rusty old headpot, and what not, as I was out holiday- making, and had found no one of my own folks to take me in for bed and board, as I'd a kinder'spected. But I didn't, in course, wish to bring suspicion upon him, being seen with a sailor-looking chap, so I hung back, or rather I go right ahead on the road before him, till he had transacted all his business-'specially with the lady in Brook, you know, sir.' 'But I did 'not -know that you did,' said Averyi,"impatienily.. £ Pray get on with your story.' ' Well, I do think we've no time to lose,. sir. So I-. comes up with Othello on. the road=no, lie comes up with me-and after reminding:' him who I was, I get up on the shafts, and ride on quite-pleasantly with him, for the matter of about six mile or so. We hadn't' much confab, sir, for Othello isn't very communicative at the best of times, and he talks so awkward-like without his tongue, 'taint at at all pleasant to exchange ideas with him. This was on the Monday afternoon, captain, after the in- there was a sort of scrimmage going on in the village about some housebreaking, or some such stuff, at'a country seat in the neighbourhood. But as I was saying, it was upon the Monday after noon, and we were jogging on quite comfor table and sociable like, saying nothing, and doin" nothing, but seeing the horse sftp out,: except that I wanted to lick him on a little- slicker, but Othello wouldn't let me 'have the" whip-when we were overtaken by the officers. .Some one had told them all about :it, for, they overhauled us as if by inventory, and came right slap on the keg of brandy, lying in a` corner, but without the permit on,; in course.' 'Soime one must certainly have informed against us,' interrupted Avery, and his glance fell with suspicion on the speaker himself,. 'There isn't a pin's head ot doubt on ,that, sir. Well, they wouldn't hear any excuses I could make, as pretending I was no .connec tion of the party driving the cart with the smuggled goods, but had merely got up for a' lift on the road, and they took up both be fore the magistrates at Canterbury. But I managed to put .Othello: up as how he ought to behave,- for your sake and the ship's sake. So, when we' were lugged in before the beaks, Ipersuaded them I had nothing to do with ithe concern by vouching that the nigger could speak as well as anybody if he chose; and' had done so all along of the ride with me, 'which showed we weren't accomplices. That's how I got off, but the magistrates were so vexed 'with Othello for only jabbering at. them like a, raven in a.cold,. thattliey .gave him six: weeks in Maidstone treadmill, and forfeited all his goods and chattels especially i.thee.: brandy.' ' Poor old Othello I would they not take a fine instead ?' exclaimed Avery. 'Who was to pay if, captaid.? .B sides-" theywere vexed with him for p"retending,.he, couldn't speak, poor old :de`vil - arid he couldn't neither.' 