SPORTING NOTES. MEMORANDA. BY “WARRIOR.” Merrily the weighing, saddling, and start ing bells kept ringing on Queen’s Birth day. In all the colonies the royal sport was pur- sued with zest, and happily the weather was royal too. , I am most heartily glad to congratulate the Lai Lai club on its success, and I hope it is only the first of many great ones. Forlorn’s victory in the Cup, and Brace man’s victories in theiflurdle and Steeple, were most meritorious performances. At Flemington the M.H.C. had the biggest success yet scored by it. The attendance was excellent, the racing good, and the profits large. It’s an ill wind, they say, that blows nobody good. Great inconvenience was ex perienced by a short supply of race-cards. What they lacked in number/however, the boys make up in price. Distiller, at the finish for the Hurdles, had his opponents properly distilled. Kitawa got awa’ with a big lead in the Birthday Handicap, and kept it. The struggle in the last furlong between Kulkyne and Blackthorn in the Steeple was one of the toughest I have seen for a long time. ; Mr Miller’s victories are always popular; but had M'Gowan managed to squeeze the old blackfellow home, one of the most enthusiastic demonstratios of the era awaited him. , I have often referred in terms of com mendation to M‘Gowan’s horsemanship, and after his brilliant display in this steeple I can hoiiestly do so again. : When Mac is done with a, horse there is not much left in him.' In the Welter Handicap 1 Tom Reuni son, the genial boniface of Mordialloc rode Maroney. Tom is one of our old time sports, and one of the very, best of them. He didn’t ride like Fred Archer, but he won, ‘ and the cheers that greeted him when he returned to scale would have startled the ghost of Julius Ctesar’s great grandfather. Floyd signalised his re-appearance at Elsternwick" (after being compelled to stand down for a year) by winning the Hurdle on Fusilier and the Steeple on Bob Cooper. Sam is a dashing and fearless horseman. If he will steer clear of those “ obstructions ” which result in enforced retirement from the pigskin, he will soon again be at the summit of his profession. Cox, the rider of Kitawa, is a youngster who was, supposed by/those who ought to' know to have no show as a jockey. Some body who was 1 supposed not to know sug gested that the lad be given a show. He got it, and-has put up five good wins in a very short time. ■ ■ - Morrison, who was severely injured by a fall at Moonee Valley, is getting round quickly. The veteran George was never in better feather with the flag. If the horses had’toed a line he could not have got them .off more evenly. At the A.J.C. Autumn our horses got a very rough doing from the N.S.W. nags,,but on the Queen’s day Victoria had her turn. All Gold and Studley pulled off the Cup and Steeple for ns, and our boys annexed thereby much Sydney gold. The party behind All Gold threw in for about £7OOO, and Studley backed here, there, and everywliere. Mackay won the Royal Stakes in capital style for Oxenham, who - , 1 as usual, made no secret about his horse’s'fitness, and who, as usual, backed him to win a big stake. , In this race Oxenham had a tide bet 1200 to 1000 that Mackay would beat Fuse. As usual he won it. All Gold was ridden by young Gorry, who a short time ago was in the obscurity of a South Australian hamlet, now he is quite at the top of the jockey’s pedestal of fame. Bonnie Bee, who was very much fancied and very much backed for the Sydney Cup, won the Moreton Handicap and the Brisbane Cup on Saturday and Monday. The Adelaide Cup was won by Satyr, and I am glad to announce that the meeting was a real good one. Winter’s incivility to the stewards at Elsternwick resulted in his summary dis qualification for three mouths. It was hard lines to be had up for suspicious riding and to be disqualified for incivility. The great sporting slander case of Lee v Saqui is on. Purves, who is retained for Lee, was on the job. The drilling he gave the bookmakers will not soon be forgotten by those who heard it. As the case is sub judice I will make no comments, but when it is not sub judice 1 will have my say. ■ Fred Archer is the only horseman in this world, and the only one of which there is any record who has ridden 2588 winners. Tom Chaloner, a jockey familiar-to the sporting world for more than 30 years, is dead. Tom was a brilliant rider, and won Dorbys, St. Legers Two Thousand Guineas, and other classic events. 