traveller* In. Its Rains. \- . ALMOST sis hundred years before that Birth ; .. at Bethlehem which gives moderjt time its Index—namely, in 582 B C., the year when the Isthmian games were restored—a cast of • colonists, swarming out of Gels, not very far , off, founded Acragas, which after wards became, \- as Pindar wrote, * the most beautiful city of mortals.' They could not have chosen a fairer spot on all tlje ooaBt of this fair island of Sicily,- rich as it everywhere is in loveliness . nnd charm. Broken and accentuated ground gave natural ramparts to the city and the ma- : jesty of domination to the' temples; while , thewide stretch of blue eea in front brought the beauty and burden of ships to the port, , which opened its gates to its friends and shut 1 . them like a trap against its foes. Jupiter i' . and.Minerva—or, more correctly, Z?us and Athene—were the tutelary deities of the city. ' v , The one was Zees Atabyrius, an awful form of Moloch; the other was the wise grave goddess worshipped by the Rhodiaas at Lindus , —fromwhich city came the original colonists \- of Gela, bringing their familiar deity with . - i 4hem; We have all heard of Phalaris the tyrant of Acragas, with bis red-hot brazen JJQIIB, in which he roasted men alive. But . we donot "all know that this was hot only ..; Uoxa wanton cruelty; though, as with the Inquisition of later times, much personal hatred and malioe might have been more iMxtid ap with it; but that J$ was also one . form of religious superstition of the kind onlytOocommon in all faiths. Greek feeling, libwever, did net tolerate human sacrifices. Milk and honey, fruit and flowers, ; and poor innocent beasts, whioh at the worst servedjaftewards for food, were offered to the gods, to gain favour or ward off punishment. • ; But save in very rare and exceptional in- Vstauces, of whioh Jphigenia and her subsequent cult are the most notable, the deities of Hellas were not propitiated by the blood and tears of man. The men of Acragas there- : lore, soon rose up in horror and indignation against Phalaris and banished him for his \- blood-guiltiness; for all that he had greatly embellished the city—always acclaim on the gratitude ofditizens. Among other things, • -" he^uilt a temple to Jupiter Poleius, the : founder ofcities,' on the sight of which, and r in a manner incorporated with while over- . ^powering the older fane, is- tjie' Christian ' church of Sta Maria dei Greci. . Thereon, jthat wise and benevolent despot, whose tomb is still to be seen, was the real . filar of Acragas. He made that Greek luxury, aspjaciousiisli- pond; he built the best of the ~ temples, of whichthe ruins still remain to 1 \jattract travellers from\jquntries then un ;* r known, but now dominant,~ while all this ma jssiio past Is but a memory and a name; and Pindar celebrated and extblled him, which . V perhaps is She firmest holding on immorality • - jthat fie possesses. ,Among others, he built /the temple how called Juno Lacinia; that is, \ J the same Juno as was worshipped at Lacinnm; as a modern Catholic might dedicate a chureh io Sta Maria della Catena, or di Gesu, or della Pieta, &c.;, always the same goddess,, nut with specialised attributes. It i-v .wag .fql this'temple that Zeuxis parted his • ~ -famdus'pieture of Juno, taking for his models " .the 'five most beautiful virgins of Acragas, and producing a masterpiece such as the \- . world Jbad never seep- before. But the forces \- . ofnaiure, like t|ie passions of men, have no . respect for works of art, whether in .paint or in atone. Earthquakes and -storms, winds, • "^'irost, and fire did their work of destruction J^on all these splendid conceptions and perfect Jachievements. of genius; and Saracen and ; v Norman .completed the ruin which Cartha V : ginian and Banian had begun. - And now . we ha7e of Acragas,' the most beautiful/city -' of mortals,' only the uninteresting little town >1 of Girgenti; and the fuins of the ancient • -temples. - ; r Brit what ruins ! Out on the.-edge of the \rock stands the beautiful and still perfect ' skeleton of the Temple of Concord. It needs mo great sketch of fancy to reconstruct the ", pasVto repeople the void, to call back from \- that Sim and misty Hades ..where the pale ghosts wander ruQurnfully, the forms of those v; . who once -filled the temple with love, and ">' light, and youth and beauty, with music and : : t Bpng and the fervent prayers of pious souls, ; asjdngfhe^jbeniguGoddess of Peace to shed : her influence over men, and stay both war r % acdslaugbier. The beautiful Sicilian girls who were the realisations of the nymphs and -younger goddesses, some sing- 1 -S'fafe some playing, others .hearing baskets ^ fall of 11 fruits and flowers—their soft •; feet falling in measured tread and the rhythmic swaying of their bodies making visable mufip to the eye; the stately mstrons, grander and g&vgr;, the Junos, the Dameters comv 'pleted, to whom life had brought its cares as c wellits fulfilled joys, its.imperative duties as t 'ydlasits pleading Joves ; the young men , . §teanning the maidens and falling in love at » i glance, as love is kindled into flame by a *«pairk| the husbands and the elder fathers, . ; occupied with things and - indifferent to beajxty; the poor dumb beaBts, garlanded with floftrers, and led- to the slaughter .as I -offerings to gods slow to save and quick to ' punub, "as even the gentle gods of Greece ' themselves were:—5,11 file along the paved road'-And up the marble steps, and range .. -JfoemRelve8 wHhin the columned hall, which ' then had no Christian arches to blocklip the ^^Bpaoe. The cymbals clash and clang: the flhrill note of the doable pipe sounds far and ,' clear,; and the echoes of the sacred songs oome back from shaft to wall in a full diapa- ' 'son of joyous melody.- Who cannot bring : back that scene, as he stands .among the asphodels and violets, and forgets time and ' fipace in memory ? Father away is that Temple of JunaLacinia, , . already spoken of, where the skeleton is by no means so perfect as this, and where the ^: xed hand of fire has left its crimson touch on the. old -gray stones. Farther still are the >. ruins of the Temple of Hercules, from which the infamous governor Yerres, he who was denounced by Cicero in one-of his moBt \- eloquent orations, attempted to steal the magnifioent bronze statue of the god; sending his slaves at night to. prise down the sacred icon; but failing—as the pious, of the time said, by the miraculous energy of Hercules himself workeing through his effigy ~ —until the horrified men of what was then Agrigentum, no longer Acragas, and not' yet / Girgenti, rushed to the rescue and -delivered their deity from harm. And there is still more ^distinguishable chaos, of the Temple of Jupiter—ruined before finished—where the great caryatid*iies-prone on the greensward, like 6ne of the old gods despoiled of bis glory disjointed, broken, destroyed, preserving only : the dim and ronghehed outlines, Jjut wanting : all that made the life and beauty of the faith. , Near to these confused ruins is the beautiful little upright fragment of the Temple of ~ Castor and Pollux, those twih^eons of Leda who; stand as the emblems of fraternal fidelity. . . ,, The air is full of old-world memories, and Involuntarily that noble hymn by Theocritus 7 ~to the Dioscuri comes to us like a living sound ' wafted by strange singers across the scented bean-fields—" dear work-steads of the hairy bees"—and shaken like perfume from the flushed branches of flowering fruit-trees, and the sWeet pale loveliness of almond blossoms. .But their day is done. Their Temple is bub a hint, precious for architectural grace, and beautiful in spite of its decay; and they themselves, this heroic pair, are as dead as the the stone effigy lying prostrate on the grass. " Farewell, yea sons of Leda"—" Castor of ^ the swift steeds and swart Polydeuces," "to whom all minstrejs were dear," <( tho twain that aid all mortals," " the beloved pair," " Buoconrers of man in the very thrill of peril, and of borses maddened in the bloody press of battle, and of ships that, defying the stars that set and rise in heaven, have encountered the perilous breath of storms"— farewell! The present has destroyed the past and Judaea has conquered. Greece: but what the world has lost In sobstance it still retains in spirit, and gratitude for beauty may outline belief in its divinity. _ * If Theocritus pervades all Sicily, Girgenti is possessed by EtnpedocleP. Clad in his purple robe, crowned with laurel, shod with golden sandals—what was this man ? Was he the wise measurer of mortal force, the diligent observer and partial conquerer of nature, some affirm him to have been ? Was he' the self- consecrated seer and mystic, sincere if also self-deceived, who -imagined more than he knew, and who obscured his clearer thoughts by phantasies and his per ceptionB by illusions ? Or was he the con sciouB charlatan who traded on men's credu lity and discounted their ignorance ? Who can say ? He, too, is one of those faces in the clouds for which eash observer has different form. But whatever he was, he was born end bred at Acragas, the beautiful city where the gods were housed in glory aud worshipped with fervour; and it was from there that he set out to seek for immortality in the eternal fires of Etna. And now, what do we find at the modern town and station of Girgenti? A country barren of trees but fruitful in grain; uplands S3 green with sprouting corn as English fields scenting the air with perfume almost as rich as that which steals from the jessamine and orange blossoms of the high-walled gardens; uncultivated tracts full of asphodels and violets, of borage and the garden discs yellow chrysanthemum, of fragrant herbs, and the rarer sorts of our wild-flowers at home— tracts where a botanist may spend his hours in rejoicing. Leaving the country and going into the town, which is set upon the high rock dominating the plain, we find but little beauty. The women no longer " card the soft wool about their knees," as in the days of the proud Eunice, who refused to love at all that desperate Simsetha who loved too much ; but they are said to be the most prolific of all Sicilian women, and for a man to marry Girgentese is to be sure of heirs and the tradi tional quiver-full. The chief object of interest in the town is of course the Duomo or cathredral, where they show you superb vestments wrought in gold and silver, with garnets and turquoises mixed in with the embroidery an engraved ivory staff, and two splendid monstrances—the one of gold and jewells in the form of a sun rayed and banded; the other, of silver flowers, with the Madonna'i hair in the centre. The plain white-washed columns dividing nave from aisle agree but ill with the florid ornamentation of the highaltar or the bold carving of the roof; and the echo which seems to run round the wall like an invisible flame was once the cause of more heart-burnings than the architect knew when he struck by chance on that fatal angle of incidence. If you are at Girgenti at Carnival time and go to a veglinoe or masked ball in the theatre you will^see a little of Sicilian manners and something of Sicilian feeling. Among the Savages and the swallows, the gold-horned, red- bodied Fiends, the Sailors and thenonde scripts who dance together with more vigour than grace in the platea, you will not see one woman. The Sicilian blood is too hot and Sicilian jealousy too rampant to permit the public and indis criminate mingling of men and women ; and there still exist in these less visited and less continentalised places, strong traces of the Saracenic seclusion of women. In the boxes, two female masks—the only female masks in the theatre—come down ever and anon attended by their male companion, to cross the platea for such refreshments as are to be found at the back of the stage. No one speaks to them, and they speak to no one Even that group of Zulus who respect no man, make way for them: as do those halfdozen Swallows who run in and out with short steps and shrill «riea 4 letting fly live birds -as a diversion the more. These two banefs are evidently well known in the place. They go in and out of certain boxes offering bonbons, which*are laughingly accepted, and they dance with less clumsiness and more grace than the rest. Among the spectators in the boxes are two or three exquisite little masks of children. One curly-pated Iiouis XIV M of perhaps the ripe age of tfciree, after making frantic efforts to kies papa with the intervening mask to prevent contact, is handed about from box to box like a big doll. In one it is the centre of attraction and worship to five stalwart men; for Italian men are like women in their love of children, and you will constantly see the father performing what we consider to be essentially womanly offices for a little child, while the mother stands by looking on complacently. There is a tiny, gold-horned, red-bodied imp, whose delight in his horns is such as one might have expected from a young fawn when he first learned that he could butt that bold kid with his own weapon. For a last word: Girgenti is now abso lutelysafe. A few years ago, brigands might have been found lurking behind the fallen columns with the snakes and the lizards, and the long gun handy. Now you have only the lizards. The snakes have been frightened away by the" throng of visitors; carabinieri keep evil disposed men in check; and brigandage, like the old cult, has vanished into the dust and vapour of things past and dead. The editor feels lone and miserable When he can find no joke that's scissorable PucJc. 