THE HORSE MLD HI SBYNSES. ,;The horse comes into tlihe world, says the Ohio Farmer, with his five senses in full vigor. His ears are,so arranged that they ci?-nbe tlrieid, t catch ; sound fromi any directioni: 'His nose is large and he can scent his fitend or enemy a geat way oilff. His mouth is so. msle so: that lie: can tell what he is eating.better than you or I can. His feeling is as delicate as the tonuc of a blind man, and his eyes are so placed in his head that he may have a large field of vision. And yet his itaster, man, who does not-like to be deprived of any of his senses shows a laick of even horse sense when he puts blinds on him and drives him. i Why should not at horse see any thing approaching in the rear as well as in the front? Why not put blinds on him when you ride him or turn him out to graze? Why not hinder the proper exercise of his hearing, smell or taste ? The hors is the only animal save the mule, that is blinded. Perhaps his (the mule's) heels might.he leathered with some propriety. Blinds cover the most handsome features of the horse. What is prettier than the full hazel eye of a horse ? Can a horse rpason ?_ We says yes. Then cannot lihe come to a better conclusion when his eyes are not obstructed ? The horse could see the whip in the driver's hand and know when adl the members of the family are sdated: If lie can't see the whip he soon learns to hear the driver pull it from the whip socket. More horses run away because, they" cannot see, but hear the ghost than if they could see and hear it too,. as seeing often dispels all fear. Nature put a handsome coat of hair on the horse, and yet men use the clippers. And what for? The man who would do so ought td be stripped of all clothing and made to stand in the cold till- well till he could practice the "Golden Rule." All horses when warm should be well blanketed, and iirdfly time well netted, as stamping at the flies will stiffen the joints and worry the animal. It was a humane act to cease the p'rictice of nicking and docking the tail. The horse is one of the most useful ani mals, and we ought treat him kindly. lon't' let us make him " go it blind" any more. TOWLE'S PENNYROYAL aid STEEL PILLS for FEIALES a tickly correct anl irregularities, nd relieve the distressing symstoilts so irevalent uith the sen. ?oxes, S.o. il.,of all Chemists. Pre pared only 1, E. T. TOWL,. Chemistt, Nottiiiglaum, ngland. Whiolesaleof a!l the Wholesale Chemists. neware.of Imitations. 