CAULFiELB -TRAINING NOTES. . - " Monday. A delightful morning on Monday, and -the . ancks in first rate condition. There was a good muster of horses on the course, but as the . course proper is closed on Monday, there was . nothing of any importance done. Kenneth . put in a couple of steady turns on the sand. Kt Paul strode along for a mile, Royal Dash, Beekwitli, Jocular aud Master John worked on . the tan. Bonnie Doon strodo along on the sand.' Silvermiuc, who is reported to be in physic, did not put in an appooranco. Chicago, Lady Loveli and Siroccoall went hoaithyexorcise. New York, who went a bit sore, went long slow- work on the tan. Mia Mia, Epicurean, Delatnia, Louis, Violet and Stag all wont steady exerciso The Bohemian and Ooodwood left this morning for Sydney. Ben Bolt, Cbuckster and Western were restricted to long steady exercise on the sand. The first named was, on Saturday, treat d to a spin over tho Cup distance, Cbuckster joining liim the last seven furlongs, and had him In trouble all tlio way. Tho gallop did not seem to please the touts. " Tho 2-year-olds, Carnival, Julian Gray and Nectarine, were cantering. The Tasmaniuns, Clarendon, Young Horatio and St Albert, were working in company, tho latter while doing a turn on the sand overpowered his rider, and put in throe or four on his own ac count. Tho following strode along for good, \- useful work on tho tan Berkloy, Footman, First Pop, Cadland and Albanns. Tho stcoplo- . chaser Union Jack was given a couple of strong turns, working tho reverse way. Little John and Jim Cain, both looking fresh and healthy, \- were treated to some half paco exercise on tho sand. King of tho West, . Amateur, Waiter, Symbol and Nuisance were working in Indian file. Camerine, Meerschaum. Daystar and Dexter trotted and cantered. Tho hurd'.o racer , Lottery was given. a pipe opener on the sand. Patieneo and Cricket were given a couple of rounds on tho sand, putting on steam the last . thrco furlongs. There wore numerous other strings on the course, hut except on one or two occasions slow pace exercise was The order of the morning. Tuesday. . There was a fair number of spectators on tho course on Tuosday morning, aud as there was every appearance of a fino morning some good work was' anticipated.' Soon after six o'clock, . however, a dense fog arose, encircling tho whole of the course, and as some of tho traiucrs prefer stripping their teams in the centra of tho course their manoeuvres were not seen. Jim Calif, tho Caulfield Cup candidate, strode along on the tan at a nico working pace. Littlo John -. and King of tho West moved along for a mile ; , the former requires a doal of riding. Grmculus , <Esurius; Waiter, Amateur, Symbol and Victor . . ivorke'd on the' tun. Kenneth brushed along for , five or six 'furlongs, Brakwith spurted oh the , sand. , Master John, Jocular, St. Paul, Dargiu arid Royal Dash were given their usual routiuo of healthy exercise.- Union Jack and Sinking Fund completed. .' a couple of turns , , on . the sand . track, the latter having , tho imoat lo say at tho finish. Grace .'..Darling, who looks fresh and well, strodo ; along for aniile and a quarter, Empress and .Millatrcam joining her at various partB of tho , journey, hut they were not of much uso tohei, "os'abe ran over thom at tho finish. Gadfly and Pot Iron ran a sharp-four furlongs. Tbo Ghost ; entered on ibo tan. The Bracelet winner looks nice and big. The Crane, Lithologist and Golden Fleece moved along quietly. Old Chuckster, who is looking as fresh as paint, put in two turns on the grass. Ben Bolt went once round the hurdle3 at three-quarter pace, moving along the last three furlongs. Western, in the same stable, was given a useful mile. This horse is improving. Mia Mia brushed along from the four furlongs. Violet and Stag cantered. Dougalston, Epicurean, Louis IL r.nd Delamia were given long, steady exer cise on the tan, winding up with a brush over a couple of furlongs. Ajax and Brunette wero striding along on the sand. Highland Chief and Blondin were given a turn on the grass at half pace. These horses are improving. New York, with a light boy up, after doing slow work for a round or two, finished up by running home from the mile. Pocahontas, Umberto and Townley put in some medium paco exc-rcise. Nectarine, Carnival and Julian Gray spurted. Camerine, Daystar, Dexter and Meerschaum were restricted to healthy exercise. Anxious inquiries were made about Silvermine, who has not put in an ap pearance for nearly a week. Rumors say that lie is " queer." Lady Loveli and Glentworth, both in the same stable, ran a merry 3 furloDgs. Tbo latter is a nice looking colt, by Goldsbrongh. Sirocco, Chicago and Bonnie Doori worked on the sand. There was a host of others working, bat owing to the fog it wa9 utterly impossible to discern what they were. Wednesday. A most beautiful morning, and the various strings were well represented. As usnal on off mornings, there was not much doing, with the exception of some of the Cap horses, who put in some half-pace exercise. The following who are engaged in the principal events of the spring were doing useful exercise, namely, Little John, Jim Cain, Kenneth, Preston, New York, Ben Bolt, Chuckster, Bonnie Doon, West-' crn, Millstream, Gadfly, The Crane, Grace Darling, Hot Iron arid the two-yeai-olds, Epi curean, Carnival, Nectarine, Julian Gray, Glenworth and Lithologist. Tho hurdle l-acera, Lottery, Amateur, Symbol, Waiter, Footman, Townley, Gcraldine arid Bonnie Lad, were all moving along nicely. Tho remainder of Messrs. Bence, Connolly, Reid, Jone3, Leek, Kelly, Leng and Foulsham's teams wero on the various tracks working at intervals. Silver mine did not put in an appearance. J. King and J. Bence left this morning for Sydney, the former taking the steeplechaser Union Jack. Thursday. There was a very fair attendance on the course on Thursday morning, and the weather being delightful some good work was got through. Chnck3ter who has not lost his old form moved- along over C furlongs, ill grand style. Ben Bolt went 6 furlongs Etoady, wind ing up with a good round. Western rari a use ful mile. The Derby candidate, Whitebait, who is on the improving side, was allotod strong work on the grass. Clarendon, St. Albert and Young Horatio were striding along at a good working pace. Landb was rattled along over 6 furlongs. Kenneth, assisted by Master John, accomplished 6 or 7 furlongs in good style, tho former not seeming to go as well as ho usually doos; tho latter is a very slippery gentleman over a short distance. Townley, Pocahontas and Umberto were work ing on the sand, the first named pair striding alor.gy Highland Chief ran a useful round, Blondin joining 6 f urloDgs from home. The for mer looks and goes well. The steeplechaser, Narrung, was treated to a little schooling over tho big fences with Alien up. lie seemed to take them very unkindly, but with another horse ho might improve. The" Western district horses, Jim Cain and Littlo John, were on the course, and did their usual routine of good healthy exercise. Tho latter, in company with a recent arrival, Jack, by Hamlet— riatn" Wini fred, went a useful round. . Both these horses reflect credit on their sire, Ilamict. I reiton, another Can candidate, negotiated a round on the grass. New York, with Martin O'Brien up, ' wont a useful turn on the grass. This horse after going seems to -shako tho soreness off. First Pop, Berkeley and'Cadland ran a merry four furlongs. ' Albanus and Footman per formed some strong work on the sand. Bonuio Doon ' went good striding work over a mile. The Chanter, Sirocco, Glenworth anil Marmion all went useful exercise. Bridegroom strode along for seven furlongs on tho sand. Gadfly and Empress after putting in some slow pace exercise wound up by running a sharp half mile. The Ghost, who looks fresh and muscu lar, ran a strong seven furlongs with J. Wil liams up. Nuisance, Groeeulus Esurius, King of the West and . a colt by Hamiot were all moving aloog on the sand and tan. Pationco, Cricket and Lottery were given two or three rounds at from medium to half pace exercise. The two-year-olds, Epicurean, Carnival, Jnlian Gray, Nectarine aud Alexandria did useful work. Grace Darling started from the half mile post in company with Hot Iron for a round on tho course proper, the pair rattling n'.oug until tho mile post was reached, tho latter easing off and allowing Tho Crane to completo the journey in company with tho daughter of The Diver and Zoe. This was an exceedingly good working tallop. There was a large number of spurters and jumpers beiug put through their facings, but nothing sonsationol occurred. I might mention that, through tho courtesy of tho fraiucr, I was invited to visit Silvermiu-, and after having a good look I am very sorry to say that I think his chance of annexing tho Caulflol'd Cup is vory remote. It is now nine days sinco ho appeared on the course. 