ONE THING AND ANOTHER. According to ntntictics recently published on ? the railway enterprise of the world, tho aggre gate mileage at the end of 1831 was 2UO,7'.O ? miles. Europe claimed of this total 117,091 ? mile ; Asia, 18,757 ; Africa. 4,075 ; America, { 148,738 ; and Austra'ia, 7,48(5 milfs, Not loss ; that 60 per cent of the whole mileage of tho '? world is in English-speaking countries. i Australia has tho largest amount of milway ' _ accommodation in proportion to population, 5 ^^ and the United States nnd Canada are next. \- The cost of constructing the universal railway i system i3 estimated at £4.800,000,000. The J highest expenditure was in Great Britnim, i whore it amounted to £14,108 per mile, ascoin i pared with *24,797 in Belgium, £24,920 in i France, £24,041 in Germany (State railways), ? -m £20,885 in Austria.-. £16,449 in Ilussia, nnd ; £12,650 in the United States. j The Journal Qfficiel of tho 30th July contains j the Ministerial decrees fixing the conditions of ; the International Exhibition of 1889. The \ first sets out fully the part which the Govcrn ment is to take in relation to the Grand Coun l cil of the Exhibition. Tho second nominates ! M.M. Alphonso Georges Berger and Orison to J the directorship of the three departments of i construction, working nnd finance. 1 A strange Turkish dwarf, named Abdurrah ? man, 52 yenrs of age, and only 24 inches high, j has just arrived in Paris. Ho was formerly tho j jester of Abdul-Azis, who conferred on him the ! title of Pachn, and on the death of his patron ? he escaped to the Court of the Shah of Persia. I Ho now comes from St. Petersburg, and has I arked for a private audience of M. Gnivy. The Minister of Foreign Affairs hns decided ! M to send to Mndsgascar a certain number of S ^ properly qualified youths for the purpose of ;' studying the language. They nrc intended to j form tho neucleus of a body of interpreter.1) Which will be hereafter organised. j ~ An interesting feature in the Indian and Colonial Exhibition in London is the i Mochanicnl Beggar, now engagod in collecting ? for the Hospital fund. It consists of a (tqunre mahogany box placed ngninst tho wall at the l«[t side of the entrance, a placard nbovo the ' box announces that the beggar will return ' thanks for any gift, A slit tor the reception of : coin in front Is surmounted by two «ju«re ! holes covered with glass. In the left hand i aperture appears, bobbing up and down in i most insinuating fashion, the words ' Please I ? ?Give,' in black letters on a white (round, ! When a coin is dropped into the box this in i Horlption disappears, and iu tlio other nporture ? is displayed a similar ono of ' Thank you.' i This ' atnoozin littlo cuss,' as Artemus Ward I would have called it, has already esrnod over S one hundred pounds for the fund, though it i ? has only been a fovr weeks in operation. I -A, A rovolfc broke out tho othor clay in La i Roquette Prlsori,in 1'nris, where there are nt j presont about 400 prisoners. Three of these j ' had armed thorusolvoi with sliotunnliEra' knives. I The guard and warders intorrcned ; but the \ light of the bayonets seamed still further to cx ; asperate the prinoners, who attempted to soize | \, . the soldiers' arms. The guard woro forced to j V-T defend themselves, and in the conflict two of j fhe criminals woro slightly wounded, one in I Ghost, and the other in the left side. ..'.'ffi.A man . namod Bourier lias jutt died at Grenoble from, tho bita of a oat. He wns Inoonlfttcd three or Hour times nt II, Piwtour'n laboratory, but did not iiorsovcie in tho treatment. - - Tlio Ci7o^CM,iaLegitimist and Royalist jon rnnl of Marseilles, has ceased its publication, after au existenoo of 1G 3'enrs. Another French decoration will shortly mako its appearance. It is to be called the Order o the Dragon of Annnm, and will be conferred on soldiers who have sorved in Tonqnin. The Frenoh. apparently unable to endure any longer the reproach of being compelled to import their jockeys, are about to establish a nativo riding school. Thero was a similar institution iu Frauco upwards of a century ago, but it disappeared with the Revolution, nnd France was as superior to tho rest of tho world in those days in riding as she is in arts and soiences. The antediluvian oak now being exhibited in the Seine, near the Place do la Concord, re ceived a few days ago a visit from the Minister of Public Instruction. This gigantic specimen of vegetation was found in tho bod of tho Rhone some years back. It was dug out nnd rolled to the bank of the river after great trouble, and with the assistance of tho State engineers. The trunk has a length of 96 feet and a girth of 30 feet. It is supposed to be the growth of thousand years. The son of Marshal Bazaino has become a naturalised Spanish subject, under tho name of Bazaino y de la Peria. The Holy Office in Rome has commenced the practice of cremation which was extending in Italy, and the Pope has confirmed that decision and instructed the clergy to do all in their power to dissuado the faithful from such on abominable abuse as burning human bodies. The Panama loan is fixed for the 3rd of August. It will consist of 500,000 throe per oent. bonds of l.OOOfr. nominal issue of 450Cr., to be paid by instalments : 30fr. on subscribing, 70fr., at the allotment, and the rest at intervals. 3ix drawings a year for redemption at par will talto place. One thousand bonds will be paid off at each drawing in tho first year, and the number will increase each following year. The population of Lyons, according to the last census, ib 400,410, divided among 127,201 families and 16,177 houses. 