SPOKTING. Amongst the greyhounds sold by Mr. Parr at Boase's Bazaar on Friday wa3 Rami, which fell to Mr. J. F. Yuille for 15 guineas. A good deal of fast work has been performed at Flemington during the week (says the Sportsman), the near approach of the Autumn meeting having induced trainers to brush their horses along. About the best gallops of the week have been those of Phillip Augustus and Trident, who yesterday morning spun over five furlongs in 1 min. 6 sec.—a really slashing go. Matchlock is pleasing his admires, and the son of Musket will be hard to beat in any thing he starts for. Lesbia and Hilltop slipped off for a flutter yesterday morning, the black fellow going very strongly until the pace began to pinch him, when he curled up and collapsed like a cur, the mare beating him home badly. Uralla appears to have come back to her old form, and Monte Christo is in great fettle just now. In fact, bar Norden feldt, who hit his leg, and is under a cloud, all Fennellv's horses are very well. Lang has got Napier "looking and going remarkably well, and if the son of King Oole does not crack up before the day he should be about at the finish for the Newmarket Handicap. On Tuesday morning Sardius and Affluence were sent in company, the big horse finishing very badly, and altogether disappointing his friends. Duration, who seems to improve daily, got over two miles in capital time, and, if the extra two furlongs in the Australian Cup do not trouble him, he should very nearly win that event. Of the others at Flemington, Quintin Matsys, Juanna, Bis Bis, the New Zealanders, Maddelina, Islander, and the Israelite have each been doing well. Much sympathy is felt here (writes the Caul field correspondent) for the parent of the un fortunate little Peter McDonald, who died in the hospital on Monday from injuries received while riding Violet on Saturday at Moonee Valley in the La Hose Handicap. G. Becker, who was injured off Izaney, has left the hos pital, and is progressing as well as can be expected. M. O'Brien, I am sorry to say, is suf fering from a severe attack of asthma. Ishmael, the Newmarket candidate, broke down very badly in the Maiden Plate on Satur day. Umberto, who wrenched himself a bit by falling one day last week, has quite re covered, and is in slow work. The following additions have been made to the local teams:— Plato into Mr. F. Leng's; Hopetoun, Ben Bolt, and Soldier Boy, have joined Kelly's team; and Hannibal Bence's. Comte and Mermaid have left for Shepparton. The fol lowing have been doing good work:—-Grace Darling, Highland Chief, Gipsy's Warning, Hippogriff, and Waverley. The two latter have been jumping the small sticks in good style, and most of the Caulfield division en gaged on Saturday are in good trim. Writing of the demonstration made against theV.R.C. Derby winner, "Vigilant," in the Melbourne Sportsman of February 10, says: —"The explanation of this hostility lies in the fact that Nordenfeldt has been very irregular in his visits to the track, and has not been out of a walk of late. It appears that when cantering Blowly the other morning in com pany, one of the bandages on his forelegs got unfastened, and a lad who was riding another of Mr. White's horses noticed it trailing on the ground, and at once calling the atten tion of Nordenfeldt's rider to that fact, the horse was pulled up and the bandage ad justed. It is conjectured that Nordenfeldt must have trodden upon the loose bandage, and either struck or wrenched his near foreleg, which has filled so badly that but very small hopes are entertained of his being saddled up for any race at the Autvfmn meeting. Up to the hour of our going to press Nordenfeldt has not been scratched for any of his engagements, but I look upon the omission of his name from the general entries as an ominous fact intro ductory to his elimination from the mora im portant events. Later I have learned that Nordenfeldt has been blistered, and that even now his being brought to the post is not altogether hopeless." The same paper says:— The sensation of the week in the betting market has been the knock out of Norden feldt, who, from six- to four, has receded to hundreds to five, and even hundreds to two, for the Champion. Very little betting has really taken place on the Newmarket Handicap, for which event Xantippe, Quintin MatBys, Uralla, Monte Christo, Solo, Honeydew, and Juanna have each been backed to win a few thousands. Consequently on his easy win at Moonee Valley, Quintin Matsys is nominally first favorite at thousands to sixty offered, but the slightest stable move in favor of either one of White's, Whittingham's, or Robertson's horse3 would speedily see them at the top of the quo tations. The following are the latest offers:—New market Handicap—1000 to 60 Quintin Matsys (off, 1000 to 50 wtd), 1000 to 40 Honeydew (off), 1000 to 40 Xantippe (off), 1000 to 40 Uralla (off), 1000 to 30 Mozart (off), Silvermine (off), The Ghost (off), The Israelite (tk), Tarpeia (tk), Monte ChriBto (tk), St. Odille (off), Solo (tk), Malua (off), Merrimu (tk), William Tell (off). Australian Cup—6 to 1 Matchlock (off), 8 to 1 Duration (off), 10 to 1 bar two. Champion—No betting. Five to 1 would be taken about Sheet Anchor. The forestalling business is cropping up again. Before Quintin Matsys had weighed in after winning the Maiden Plate at Moonee Valley, he was backed for the Newmarket Handicap to win a couple of thousand, and later on the same evening about six thousands were taken about him at thousands to forty and fifty. A thousand to sixty is now the best offer, but there arp still tons of money available agaiusd the big son of Tubal C.t:n, who cjuld be backed to-morrow to win twenty thousand pounds without touching tens to one. The " stable" is naturally annoyed at being fore stalled, but I hope matters may be arranged all right. Xantippe, who has been supported by outsiders to win nearly ten thousand pounds, has not yet been backed by hsr stable, and Honeydew, who has been heavily backed in Sydney, has not been entrusted with a farthing of his owner's money vet. Since the above quotations were printed tne Israelite has been backed to win a good amount, finishing at thousands to fifty. Tarpeia has had sup porters up to thousands to forty, and Fair Ellen has come into the market at a point less. 