An English Ghost Story. Lanv IIoby is again said to ho haunting lila ham Abbey. and is ouausng no little sense. tion. She woatho wile of the English am bassador to the Court of France in 15B0. The abbey is the most hlstoric religious house in Ierkebiro, and in one of the apartments is a peculiar painting representing the lady with Sverywhite face and rhands, dressed in the coil, weede, aud wimple then allowed to a baronet's lady. In this identical dress, It is nostetrongly averred, she has been frequently tn o inn ofnn thne bodroomn'o "t?rio Abbey,: with a self.aupporting basin moving before her, in which she is perpetually trying to wash her hands, but the most remarkable part of the story is that the so*called apparition al ways appears in the negative, viz., the black part white and the white part black. The Etory, as now told by the domestics and vil. lagers, is that she heat her son William to death because he could not write without making blots, and a singular part of the talc is that a short time ago, in altering the shut tere of tbo dining.room, a great number of children's copybookes of the time of Queen Elie?beth were discovered pushed between the joints of the floor, some of which answered szactly to the to the tal as if the child could not write a single line without making a blot. Neither the domestics at the Abbey nor the adjacent villagers will hear one word against the narrative.--oLondon Letter in the Phila delphia Telegraph. "I wmse to know the amount of lumber re calved at this port annually, from the north," said Deanon Fitch, walking up and down the sanctum with his eyes on the carpet. "I wonder whom I had better apply to for the lgurero." - "That's an easy one," said lir. Upton, smiling good.humoredly at his chief's over eight of an obvious source of information. " Shall I ring for the commercial editor ?" " Oh no, no," the Dardon exclaimed, moe tioning his obliging subordinate to keep his seat: "It isn't for the paper; the figures are neoeed to guide me in a prtvateinvetment. I want the truth."^ 