CHAPTER IV. "Margaret. Mr. Wrede has come to see you." Mere formal words on the part of the unconsoious voune girl who uttered them, but full of meaning for the two who thus met openly for the first time. Gilbert looked with a glance of mingled dislike and compassion at the woman who passed as Margaret Burbuiy. She was Btill beautiful—that was the first im pression he received—beautiful with a rare imperious beauty. Despite the hard lines of her face, rendered all the harder by illness; despite the pallor of her com plexion and the painful thinness of her figure; despite even the scar on her fore head—which burned a deep red under the emotion that moved her—she was still a beautiful woman. She was dressed in deep black without ornament of any kind; though the thick mass of hair of raven blackness crowning her head in one large coil, gave her an almost queenly air. She bowed slightly as Gilbert advanced, and, without rising, motioned him to a : chair. "You will excuse my rising," she said ; and Gilbert listened to her voice with a kind of disturbed admiration—so deep, bo rich was it. "But,as you know, X am somewhat of an invalid." "Yes, Mr. Burbury told me so, and I was very sorry to hear it," he answered steadily. "1 hope you are feeling better." " Slightly, thank you. I am afraid I make but a poor hostess," she continued, with the ghost of a smile. " But con fined to my room as I am, my sister un dertakes my household duties for me." " You will Boon be better, Margaret," said Yanice. "I hope so, dear. I trust you will make yourself at home, Mr. Wrede. We have not many inducements in the way of gaiety to offer, but I hope Morris and my sister will make your stay as pleasant as possible, as I can do so little." " 1 find the change moat delightful after my rough experiences up North." Her great black eyes were fixed on him with a look that entirely discomposed him, self-possessed as he ordinarily was. "Oh, yes, you have been in the Northern Territory. I have been read ing in the Eegister the account of your journey. It mid a double interest for me, for I—I think I knew a Mr. Merriott in Melbourne. I wonder if It could have been the same." "My friend did come from Mel bourne," he answered unguardedly, full of anger at this woman who could thus epeak of the man she had so cruelly wronged. "His life had been ruined by a woman's deceit." Something like a spasm passed over her face, but her dilated black eyes never flinched from their intense gaze. " Ruined!" she repeated, her lips seem ing to form the word almost mechani cally. "Yes, utterly ruined," he responded sternly. " It was that drove away— that which indirectly caused his death. Rut poor John Merriott died with words of pardon on his lips. With his dying breath he forgave the woman who bad wronged him." "And she—who was she? Do you know her ?" she asked with Buch intensity that even Yanice started. "I do know her," he answered deeply. "Only too welL" His look was full of meaning; and she saw in that one glance that he was master of her secret " Yanice, my dear," she said, turning to her sister with a Belf-command that was absolutely startling. "I think I could take a little soup for my lunch to-day. I'm sorry to trouble you, dear; but you do it so nicely, I am going to ask you to make me a little yourself. Yon know exactly how I like it Leave Mr. Wrede here, and he will tell me about his ad ventures up North." After the young girl had left the room, Margaret Burbury was ailent for some time, her eyes fixed with the same look of absorption on her visitor. Her pale face was set with an awful look of intensity, and the red scar on her forehead burned a deep purple. Once—twice she hesitated, and then spoke in thick, low tones. "What was it John Merriott told you ?" "He told me," he aswered sternly, " that the woman he married was named Margaret Carne." A flash of despair, affright, almost hate, shotacroBS her face for a moment, and then fled, leaving it deathly pale. "Then, you know all," she said at length, almost in a whisper. "AIL" " What did he say 1" she asked again, with her face half-turned away. "He bade me tell her that with his dying breath he forgave her, and hoped God would pardon her as he had done. He bade me give her this locket with her hair in it as a token of forgiveness." He laid the tarnished little locket on the table as he spoke. " And he put a sum of money in my hands to give to her if she needed it. This is how he repaid the wrong done him—this is what he told me to say to the woman who had ruined hiB life." Her face was still turned away, and she made no sign. " He had no thought of himBelf—of his cruel wrong. He forgave freely in his last moments, and died with the word ' Margaret' on his lips Oh! what a heart was his to he so Btricken—what a life to be ruined. How could any woman be base enough to do it V' For a moment she turned round and faced him boldly. " You do not understand. How should you J" she exclaimed in her deep un womanly voice. "What do you know about a woman's heart? Listen! I was brought up to have everything I could wish for. My word was law. Then my parents died, and we found ourselves in abject poverty. I came out to Aus tralia—to an aunt living in Melbourne. Life was hideous to me then, after what I had experienced. She was poor, and I had nothing. Then John Merriott came, and asked me to be his wife. I would have married any one—any one to have been able to get away from those odious surroundings. I became his wife, hut I never loved him—and he knew it. My husband was jealous—he tortured me with his jealousy, when I was Innocent. No body could have gone through what I did. I came to hate him for his suspicions, and at last, one day, the end came. My hus band came to me, and in his frenzied jealousy struck me. That was the end of it. I had stood everything, but that I could never forget. I fled. You cannot know the circumstances. I tell you I was driven to it by John Merriott'B mad jealousy. But when I came here—to Adelaide—I thought he was dead. I heard of the death of a John Merriott in England, and I thought it was he. I knew he had friendB in England, and I thought he had gone home. I swear to you that when I went through the ceremony of marriage with Morris Burbury I thought I was justified. I would not have committed that wrong otherwise. I did one rash act, and, O God! I have suffered for it—suffered tortures that ijou cannot understand." "Such an act brings its own punish ment," he Baid in his unforgiveness. " Do I not know itshe answered vehemently. "The torture I have en dured, the shame, the anguish, nobody can even know, even dream of. My sin has followed me through life. It is kill ing me now!" " It is not for me to judge you," he said more gently. "I have given you his message of forgiveness; let that con sole you. But there is another thing. He gave me money in trust for you, but only should you stand in absolute need of it. What " I do not want his money. 1 would not touch it. It would bring a curse with it. Keep it, or give it te some charity. It is not for me. I have no need for it. And if I had, do you think I would take anything from htm f" "I cannot keep it." " Ton must, or give it to some charity, I will not tonch one penny of it. But, promise me, you will not breathe one word of this to my—my husband." "I cannot promise," he answered. " He is my friend, and he thinks you his wife." " 'Why should he not think so?" she replied, with all her woman's heart in her pleading tones. "I am his wife in the sight of Heaven. Do not bring shame to him and me, and that poor unprotected girl." "Yon are doing him wrong," he answered firmly; " and I cannot close my eyes to it." " Look at me. Can you not see what is written on my face 1 I am dying, I tell yon." "Dying!" he answered, with a start. "Ho, no, that cannot be." " It is. Look, I am mere skin and bone. I know that the end is not far off." "Surely you are mistaken," he replied, with the first trace of pity in his voice. " You have many years yet before you." " Do I not tell you that I am dying— dying by inches!" she exclaimed im patiently. " Think then what you would do. Bring misery and reproach into this house for nothing—for no end. For soon I shall be taken from it." "Honour demands it," he replied uneasily. " Morris Burbury is my oldest Mend. I cannot remain in his house, knowing that he is being deceived." "And what would he be did you tell him? What good would it do? Who would benefit by it? Your dead Mend—do you think he would wish it 1 Is it for revenge for him that you threaten me ? Then, do your worst. I am past fear—as I am past hope." "No, no," he answered. "Do not think that. Poor Merriott forgave you freely, and if he could forgive such wrong, surely others could. If your husband knew your marriage with him could be rendered legal—it is not too late. It could be done privately—even your siBter need not know of it. But it seems terrible to me, knowing that he is being deceived—that he thinks you to be his wife." "You do not know him as I do. He would never forgive me." I tell you, you would bring misery—but, hush ! I hear my sister's step. I muBt see you again. But not a word of this to him or any one else, yet; promise me that, it is little enough." "I cannot," he answered in despair. "It!" "Leave me in peace for a time," she urged vehemently. "It is little enough to ask. For a time only, If you must have it so. For that dead man's sake you must promise me. He forgave" ] " For the present, then, it shall be a secret," he answered hurriedly, "and we will find some way afterwards. I wish to do the best. I only want to act honourably. Forgive me if I have caused | yon pain." " Hush! she is coming in. Not another I word until I see you again." " Lunch is on the table, Mr. Wrede," said Yanice, as she entered carrying the tray with her sister's light meal. " Will you come and have some ?" " Thank you, yes," he answered, rising. " Leave me, Yanice, and go and attend to Mr. Wrede," said her sister. " I can manage by myself; 1 have all I want. Go, dear; don't keep him waiting. Has Morris come back yet ?" "No; I don't expect him till evening. Well, if there's nothing more you want, Margaret, Mr. Wrede and I will go." " We are so anxiouB about poor Margaret," she said to Gilbert when the two were seated cosily tete-a-tete at the luncheon table. "She doesn't seem to get any stronger. She eats hardly any thing, and gets thinner and thinner. I think one of the things Morris went into town for was to consult the doctor once again; but he doesn't seem to do her any good. I am getting dreadfully anxious | about her." "I was very sorry to see her bo pulled down," he said sympathetically, "but I hope it is only temporary. She will pick up strength rapidly when she once turnB the corner." " That's what we all hope. But, there, I musn't worry you with our domestic troubles. You will think ours a very melancholy household, Mr. Wrede, but we're not always like this. Sometimes we're very gay." "Ifind it a very pleasant household, Miss Came," he returned courteously, " and not at all a melancholy one. I am only sorry there is illneBs in the house. I am afraid under the circumstances my visit is somewhat ill-timed." " Oh no, not at all, I assure you," she returned with great animation. " I am so pleased that Morris has a friend to en liven him. It is very dull for him with Margaret having to keep her own room." "You are always thinking of others, Miss Came." "Of course I don't mean that Morris is the only one who gets any pleasure from your society," she continued with a pretty little blush. " I should be awfully glad if I thought you did," he said with his simple bush directness. " Why, of course I do. I am quite interested In your northern experiences and in many thingB you have told me. I told 'you how I liked the bush. I am always glad to meet somebody who knows II about it." "Well, on my part," he returned gravely, "I have found sueh pleasure in your society that Morris has assumed quite a secondary consideration." " Fie! fie! Mr. Wredej paying com pliments 1" she exclaimed, blushing very prettily. "I can't listen to that kind of talk, you know. But have you made any plans for this afternoon 1 No. Then what do you Bay to a ride? Til show you some lovely spots pn the hills if you like. I very often go, and can easily get an extra horse. Will you come 1" 41T shall be delighted." "Well, then, I'll just go and make Margaret comfortable for the afternoon, and send Tom for your horse. Tou will have to excuse me for half an hour." Pray don't hurry. HI smoke a cigar on the verandah in the meantime." " Very well, then; Fll leave you and get ready. It's a beautiful afternoon, and it'll be splendidly cool in the hills. But one thing, Mr. Wrede," she con tinued, with the open door in her hand. " 1 want to impress one thing on yon." " Yes," he answered, his serious hand some face showing the admiration her prettiness and grace and ingenuousness aroused, " I'm til attention." " No more compliments, pray." And shaking her head at Mm half mischievously, half playfully, she gave him one arch glance from her bright eyes, and ran out of the room. 