Our Coloured Supplement. THE JUBILEE BALL. WE felt convinced that we were merely consulting the wishes of our readers, and acting strictly in accord with the eternal fitness of things, in giving to the pleasantest event of the month the premier place in the list of our illustrations. The Mayor and Mayoress have a right to look back to the Ball of the 22nd July with feelings of unmingled pride and satisfaction, and if we have succeeded by our coloured supplement in assisting, however unworthily, the commemoration of that splendid entertainment, we, too, are gratified. The scene presented in our supplement recalls the procession from the entrance hali of the Exhibition Building to the dais at the northern extremity of the spacious ball room upon the arrival of his Excellency and Lady Carrington. The Mayor and Mayoress having received the Vice Regal party are accompanying them down the room. Alderman Young leads Lady Carrington, and the Governor has offered his arm to the Mayoress. Two little red-faced men in armour lead the way. The town clerk, Mr. Woolcott, in his flowing gown, precedes the host; and the crowd of gay spectators, beside itself with pent curiosity, presses on the advancing line to steal a glance at her ladyship's attire. She wore, so "Humming Bee" informed us in the next morning's paper, a magnificent evening dress of white brocaded Bilk, made with an elegant train. On her left side was a falling tablier of silver gauze. The bodice was low and trimmed with silver jet. A coronet of diamonds surmounted the simple coil with which her light silken hair was carried to the crown of the head, a necklace of brilliants flashed from her neck, and a charming spray from her bodice. Lord Carrington wore the Windsor uniform. Miss Young, we learn, hails from old Kentish stock, and it certainly was becoming that she should assume a character typical of one of England's noblest counties. Her pretty gown of white net was covered with green leaves, varied here and there by the flowers of the hop plant, and her large straw hat as well, bore testimony to those verdant acres that rise and fall like the waves of a restless sea when the time has come that their freight of hops must be borne to distant marts. The Mayor was attired in evening dress, over which the civic gown was loosely cast, and his pleasant face and portly figure were eminently suggestive of a generous host. The distinguished group formed a striking centre to the surrounding scene-in itself a composition of unusual brilliancy. The Mayor had invited us to celebrate in a mirthful manner the joyous jubilee of our beloved Sovereign ; and we thronged his halls as a rabble of outlaws such as never met in this Christian land of Australia before. We ransacked the fashions of the last five centuries of British history, and still not content with the absurdity of our attainments, we stole a march on the heathen Chinee, and even borrowed the questionable guise of the ocean pirate and the Italian bandit. Here is a singular group. Its presence is quite accidental, and all the more .pleasing on that account. There stands an old English waggoner-one of the characters who always seemed' to be lounging with their whips in their hands outside country inns whenever the artists of 50 years ago were in want of a wayside picture. He has still his whip, and his boots are as formidable as ever. He has just begun to scratch his head-the powder probably tickles the scalp-and we retire to a respectful distance to see what follows, firmly believing that the scratching is merely a preliminary announce- ment of the party's intention to think, for there arc people who always scratch their head, when irritated bj movements of the brain that are not of frequenl occurrence. But up comes a green Irish laddie, ir coarse woollen hose and tight fitting breeches. A bund of shamrock is in his hat, and in his hand he graspB a huge " shillaly." Arid he approaches the Englishman with an overture pf national humour, to which the poor waggoner is about to reply when a way is again made through the gathering onlookers. There is an odour of poignant auld Reekie, the ghost of a snuff box appears round the corner, then a bony hand, suggestive of the iron grasp of its owner, and last of all a raw Scotchman in Lowland costume. Wales was not there in person, but her close relation, New South Wales of the nine- teenth century, stood hear at hand, and thus completed a suggestive group of national characteristics. Ladies of various courts and colours, typical in a twofold sense of various ages, flitted through the gay crowd like so many actresses on a stage of which we were all behind the curtain. But behind those scenes the world was turned upside down. Quakeresses danced to fast music, dukes and duchesses chatted on terms of equality with persons whose costume betokened their humble calling. Monks and friars courted the fairest of the guests in the very rays of the lamp light, young ladies dressed in sheepskins placed their dusky palms in the white gloved hand of dainty courtiers. More than one Mary Queen of Scots crossed the path of her virgin cousin, and, instead of frowns, elicited smiles so sweet that one would have thought the ghost of the murdered beauty inspired pleasant recollections of benevolence and love. Sir Walter Raleigh was present in all his majesty of form and pride of dress ; he wore the historic cloak, of course, but was so busy curling his moustache and smoothing his beard to the orthodox point that he did not rise to the occasion when his sovereign appeared on the scene. Officers of the army and navy, and members of the local bar, appeared in their respective uniforms, and more than one Soudan medal flashed from coats of blue and scarlet. Then there were knights errant and knights spiritual, knights in armour, who would have been none the worse for a lesson or two in the art of carrying a lance, and knights whose only trouble was to dance without tripping head over heels on their own white robes ; there were fat bishops and fatter priests, ladies with bits of black cut off the bottom of their gowns and stuck on their faces, gentlemen in knee breeches, who would have looked the better for an extra pair of double thick hose, and ladies who evidently danced in trepidation lest an unfortunate movement might carry away the mysterious fastenings that brought their figures into tortuous elegance. Soldiers of the time of Henry the Eighth were smoking excellent cigars, and statesmen who were contemporaneous with Oliver Cromwell were thoughtlessly sipping Australian wines ; Hampden himself was frivolously gossiping with a party of painted grisettes. One lady had unfortunately for- gotten the character she assumed, and another who had borrowed her role from German life of the period of Queen Elizabeth described herself as a contemporary of George the Third. Others appeared equally " mixed," and to such it must have' been satisfactory that after- all the assembly was not disposed to be critical. There was an atmosphere of considerable freedom, and every one was in the very best of humour. The great hall had been gorgeously transformed, and under the artistic direction of Mr. Savery, the decorator, brilliant gas jets and richly coloured draperies, flags of all nations, curtains of crimson and blue, exotics from the Mayor's own hot house, branches. of fig from the recesses of the native bush, inviting supper tables, over which the music of an excellent band floated in endless harmony,-all combined in impressing the visitor with delightful sensations and storing the mind with pleasant recollec- tions of the Jubilee Ball. THE JUBILEE BALL. -SOME Ol THE CHARACTERS. 