WINE AT THE COLONIAL AND INDIAN EXHIBITION. The following are extracts from latest letters received from Sir Samuel Davenport 'with reference to South Australian exhibits at the above Exhibition, viz.:—"I note your remark re our wine sales, and your comment on the affair is just. We sold so much wine that we sent for more. Sir Thomas Elder's wine has all been good, Of hiscasked wine all has been bottled and sold except about three dozen. This morning, consequent on your note, I tasted at the bar a bottle of the white wine reported acid when tasted in cask by the writer to whom you refer. It is in bright condition and perfectly sound. There is not a ghost of acid in it. lly the mail now in some one sends a Melbourne Argus with Mr. Rowan's letter of complaint and a leader on it. No doubt the field tor sale of ,wines was bOt left open as we had' anticipated, for under contract with Spiers & Ponds for a weighty consideration, very tempting no doubt when heavy expenditure was being incurred in preparing the Exhibition Building for the coming display, it probably escaped the recollection of the authorities that we might like to sell our own wines. As it was, we had no alternative other than sell through Spiers & Pond's men. I cannot Bay personally they have not done their duty honourably at the bar. I believe the one we have had to do with has. Then in the school of cookery, I think under Mr. Clarke's superintendence I am bound to think fair play has also been sought. Doubt less a local man, acquainted with our vineyards, soils, sites, &c.;, selling for us would have had the addition of personal knowledge to interest and inform enquirers on our wines. Still, since the colonial offices were iu near proximity to the bar, there was always at hand fuller information for any enquirer who thoughtfully desired to gain a knowledge. Some have availed of enquiry; others always might have done so. Then by our weekly Thursday opsn cellar to boua-fide tasters, it can scarcely be said we have been without much means of diffusing in formation, and results endorse this view. 1 cannot Bay the inexperienced salesman has influenced the greater sale of port or sherry by suggesting these in preference to other wines, but they have been very generally de manded, and I placed this fact more on the ground that these names of wineB are better known to the masses of British people here than other wines, and that hence they have naturally called more for these names than any other; anyhow, these wines were good, or familiarity of name alone would scarcely have pushed their sale so rapidly as it did. Seventy-six and a half dozens of Sir Thomas's wine wre Bold at the bar and School of Cookery May and June— the first nine weeks over une dozen a day of bis wines ODly. You will get a full report of the sales directly, and Sir P. Cuuliffe-Oweu will have a full detail of all wine sales com piled and published after the Exhibition closes. Uf the seventy-six and a half dozens wines sold as above all were port or sherry excepting twelve dozens; these were seven of Madeira, five of Burgundy." 