SUMMARY. In consequence of tho Ministerial crisis it id probable that the meeting of the Imperial Par liament will be postponed until February. It is understood that a hopeless difference with tho Marquis of Salisbury with respect to local Government was the main cause of Lord Randolph Churchill's resignation. Tho general opinion is that tho Cabinet will ho greatly weakened by Lord R. Churchill's secession. Mr. Chamberlain, speaking at Birmingham, advocated a rennion of the Liberal party which were at one, save on the question of the im mediate necessity for Home Rule in Ireland. The Times states that Lord Salisbury has offered the Premiership to Lord Hartington, or, if he prefers it, a seat in tho Cabinet with tho leadership of the House of Commons. The Agents -General of tho colonies have ao- proved of the scheme for the organisation of the Imperial Institute. The leaning of Germany towards Russia on tho Bulgarian question has caused great um brage in Vienna. HALS. Sultan collided with the Portuguese steamer Villc Victoria in the river Tagus, on Saturday. The latter vessel sank, and 30 lives were lost. A destructive fire ocenrred at Liverpool (Eng.) on Thursday I morning, resulting in the destruction of Lewis's Bon Marche establish ment and an extensive menagerie. Tho damage is estimated at £300,000. At a meeting held at Halifax, Nova Scotia, a branch of tho Imperial Federation League, was organised. Orders have been issued for the immediate withdrawal of 4000 British troops from Egypt. The Marquis of . Hartington is retnrning to England from his Italian tour. Christmas Day in Sydney passed off quietly the homo circle being the chief attraction accordiug to the good old- fashioned Englisn custom. Miss Josephine O'Brien gave an artistic and tuneful rendering of the "Alma Virgo," by Hummel, at St. Patrick's on Christmas morn ing. The handicap race for the trophies pre sented by Messrs. Burrows and Gleeson in connection with tho Sydney Amateur .Canvas Dingy Club was sailed for ou Saturday and was won by the Pearle. The London Echo says that the colonies are really suffering from lack of development. The German Lloyd steamer Preussen arrived in Port Jackson yesterday aud was taken to tho Quarantine Station. Three pantomimes to-night — "The Sleeping Beanty" at tho Royal, " Dick Whittington" at the Royal Staudard and " A Trip to the Moon" at the Academy of Music. Tho New Criterion Theatre is to he opened to-night, when . Chassaigne and Farnie's opera " Falka will bo produced, with Miss Emilie Melville and Signor Verdi aud Mr: E. Kelly in tho principal characters. ' 1 The summer meeting of the A.J.C. will coma off at ltandwick this afternoon,, when a pro gramme of seven events will bo presented, in cluding the Summer Cup and the December Stakes. A performance of " The Messiah" was given at tlie Gaiety Theatre, under the conductorship of M. Lion Caron, on Christmas night. ' To-day will be observed as a general holiday. A serious disturbance took place iu front of tho Temperance-hall, Balmain, on Saturday night, when an engineer's apprentice, named Jas. Chapman, waa seriously stabbed in the left breast and near the shoulder-blade. Eight youths who took part in tho riot have been arrested. Severe weather has been experienced in Bris- bano aud throughout the greater part of Queens land. A man named Hepburn was drowned off a punt at Brisbane yesterday whilst engaged effecting repairs to the steamer Oanaipa. "My Sweetheart," Miss Minnie Palmer, and her company make their first appearance in Sydney at the Opera House to-night. Mr. D'Arcy Read's "Ghost Redivivous" is to walk at the Old Masonic-hall this evening. There are to be namerons race meetings in the country districts to-day. At a sale of thoroughbreds held in Melbourne last week, the racehorse Harvester was pur chased by Mr. Ferry for 370 guineas. The committee of the Legislative Conncil appoiuted to inquire into the working of the Vine Diseases Bill have sent in their report. A serious fire occurred in South Brisbane vesterday evening, when a wooden block of buildings owned by Sir. William M'Cnlloch, of Melbourne, were destroyed. The Salvation Army hold a groat demonstra tion in the Exhibition Building, Prince Alfred Park, on Christmas Day, when there was a great gathering. The Mayor of Sydney has convened a public meeting to bo held iu the Town-hall on Wednes day, with reference to the men now under sen tence of death for the Mount Ronnie outrage. On Christmas eve Alderman Playfair gave his annual treat to the children of St. Joseph's Providence, Dawes Point. The will of the celebrated English jockey, Fred Archer, has been proved at a little over £100.000. At the Protestant-hall on Christmas night Sir. Alfred Miller dcltverea an able lecture on "Shakespeare and the Bible." Sir Houry Parkes was in the chair. Cherubini's Mass was magnificently rendered by the choir of St. Patrick's Church on Sunday morning, under the conductorship of Herr Hugo Aipen. During a disturbance in a boardinghouse in Goulburu-street on Saturday, au Italian is supposed to have stabbed a sailor named Frank Bradley in the back with a table knife. Tho Orient steamer Austral arrived from London yesterday with a number of passengers and n general cargo. The steamer Arabic, of the Oceanic S.N. Company, arrived from London via ports with 250 passengers und a largo cargo on Saturday. Mr. E. A. Hart, the comedian, had a narrow escape from drowning at Bondi on Saturday.- The choral services at St. Andrew's and .St. Mary's Cathedrals on Christmas Day were beautifully rendered. Both churches were crowded. . It is rumored that Mr. Wilshiro, P.M. of Picton, is about to be appointed to Parramatta and Ryde. A well-known Newcastle rosident, known as " old Dick," was found drowned near the A.A. Company's wharf ou Saturday. Tho weather in Newcastle during Christmas Day and yesterday was wet and cold. The Melbourne Philharmonic Society gave a fine performance of "The Messiah" in tho Town-hall ou Christmas nigUt. Tho sum of £3000 required in order to claim the Hon. F. Ormoud's offer of £20,U00 towards the establishment of a chair of music in con nection with the Mclbourno University has beeu raiseil by means of tlie graud Opera Car nival which has been going on in the Exhibi tion Building for some weeks past. On Christmas Day special services were held in tho Anglican, Rowan Catholic and other churches iu the city aud suburbs. The cricket match, Melbourne Juniors against Sydney Juniors, will be commenced on the Association Ground to-day. The former team arrived from Melbourne on Saturday. Hexhatn, Willeroo and Highland Mary are most in fuvor for the Summer Cup. Tho Intercolonial match between Victoria nnd N.S.WL commences on the Mclbourno Cricket Ground to-day. Tho sides are un usually strong this year. At the annual conference of tho Australian Freethiukors, held yesterday, Mr. Joseph Symes was elected president. In the evening a meeting was held in the Theatre Royal. . Mr. Joseph Symes does not believe in loyalty, and says that the loyalty of Aus tralians is not skin-deep and would never he allowed to reach their pockets. A Christmas treat was given to the inmates of the Randwiok Asylum on Saturday. It speaks badly for the leading musical societies of Sydney that we could not have . a decent performance of Handel's glorious " Messiah " during Christmastide. Tlio sensational temperanco drama, "Tho Woman of the People," will bo produced by the Sheridan company at the Gaiety Theatre to-night. It is stated that Mr. C. A. Aitcheson, of North Shore, has decided to stand for Kiama as an opponent of tho Government in opposi tion to Mr. Bruce Smith, who runs on the " independent " ticket. A boy named Robert Wall died in the Sydney Hospital last evening from fracture of tho skull, tho result of being kicked by a horse in a paddock at Camperdown, 