EClOUES OF MELBOURNE. [BY TILE GiosT.] The interest in the Pdrliamentary pro cfedings of the week, hais centered in the Council, when the Irrigation Bill canio up for its second reading. 'While one sct of politicians feared another hoped that the measure would be rejected' by the Upper House, and the Government robbed of their best trump card. Hopes and fears may now, however, be set at rest for a time, for although 'the measure was sub mitted to a fair share of keen and even hos tile criticism, it'is obvious that the second reading will be carried, and although it will assuredly be much altered in its pas sago through committee, and shorn of mach of its greatuness, the alterations will turn out to be improvements, and will not commit the colony to the enormous expenditure which Mr. Deakin's ideas of an irregular schemeo would fain have saddled the country with. The motion for shelving the measure re ceived but scant support, Mr. Dowling, who in deference to the resolution passed at a large meeting in lBallarat, moved that the bill be read that day six months, fail ing to find a seconder to his motion. Whether with the important amondlments which will undoubtedly be made in the measure it will prove acceptable to the Assembly on its return to that Chamber remains, however, to be seen. lIonouable members who favour a largo expenditure, as well as those whose constituents do not share in the advantages of the scheme as being outside the irrigation areas, may be strong enough with their united forces to cause the loss of the bill. In this csoe the fate of Mr. Gillies s as a Minister and per haps as a politician would be sealed. It is well known that the election of the Pro mier for lodney wlis solely due to the fact of his being able to promise water to the settlers in the northern areas; and should the constituency be disappointed, there is but small chance of the head of the Government being again returned by any constituency, his supercilious manner, and neglectof local wants, rendering him personally unpopular. " We manage these things better in Vic toria." Instead of finishing up a long sitting of the Assembly by a boutof fisticuffs as in Sydney, our M'sL.A. wind up the night's amusement by a champaglte break fast and lunclheon given by the Govern went. When it is borne in' mind what meanness some people will descend to, in order to secure unlimited free "fizz" at a Mayoral or other banquet, the wisdom of' feting honourable gentlemen who sacrifice'' a night's repose to the duty of obstructing the business of the country, is rather doubl ful. With Cliquot and Itooderer td lib.'lodmi ing in the not far distant future, protracted sittings of the Assembly will certainly be-' come the rule rather than the exception. New brooms proverbially sweep clean, and Mr. Cooper,who,in the absence through illness of Mr. Lalor, occupied the chair of speaker of the LegislativeoAssemby, fully exemplifies the proverb. Four measures introduced by honourable members. oh Wednesday were strangled .at thliir, initiatory stage by being ruled." private bills." This is rather harden tihe msenobers who went to the trouble of framing the measures, and a discussion whiclf took place in connection with the ruling of the chair,shows that a large amount of soreness wls experienced at Mr. Cooper's dbeisions, and incidentally the officers of the House came in for some well-merited blame for allowing the bills to be faultilyintroduced without a word of warning to . their foster- parents. After all the widow of the late Marcus Clarke is not to get the.X1000 the Assembly a short time ago decided to present her with. Whdn the estimates were under consideration honourable gentlemen were in an economical mood, and by. 3 votes to 33 reversed their former decision. ' There would be little cause for comment on the rejection of the claim to subsidise tile family of one of Australia's most, gifted authorsn buts after buoying up the hopes of the widow and orphans on one sday in October, it seems a little hard thaitduring tihe same month these hopes shoiild be blighted in tile unceremonious way they were. In connection with this nstter it may be asked if the civil list pensions are invariably denied to deserving colonists; because if they are not, her Gra cious Majesty could hardly per form a more graceful act than by extending her bounty to the surviving members of the family of the writer of "His Natural Life.""Conferring a pension on the widow of Australia's prince of novelists would go fartler towards promoting Im perial Federation than half a dozen acts of Parliament. Like the poor; the unemployed appear to be "always with us." Desied admussion to the oflices of the Ministry they have laid their case personally before her Majesty's representative. Foiled by the police in an attemnt to interview Mr. Nimmo, the crowd of people " who have no work to do,'. simply because thley do not want to do any, stopped the Governor's carriage while emerging from the gates of Government House and poured their tale of woe into the cars of Sir Henry Loch. . His Excellency will now be able to say that besides the thrilling adventures in flood and field,of which he has been the hero in China, he has undergone the Australian ex perience of having been " stuck up." Un fortunately for the leaders of the move ment, the sensational clement in their dis play was marred by the interference of the police, who ingloriously marched two of his Excellency's interviewers to the lock-up on ia charge of insulting behaviour. The Government at the present time may really be said to be suffering from an embarras de richesse in the way of patron age. A tRailway Commissionership and the Speakership of the Assembly are both fat bits of patronage 'they can dispense without the interference of the Civil Ser vice Commissioners. For the former billet the running will be confined to one or two gentlemen; for thei latter there are some dozen claimants. Among the most likely to achieve success are Mr. Cooper, thei pre sent member for Creswick and Chlirmanl ofCommittees, Mr. Oflicer, Mr. Levien, sand Mir. M'Lcllan, who are all in the run ning for tile Speakership. If tie threat ened "turning out" of thile Government tiakes place before the new Speaker is chosen, Mr. Gillies will, it is said, finding his occulpation as a politician and his salary as a Minister gone, assume Mr. Lalor's wig and robes. Were Mr. Murray Smith in the Assembly he would distance all com petitors, and bec unanimously chosen. At precsent hIis chanIce of thie IRaiwLay Com muissionership is a good one, should hlie be willing to accept the post if offered him. October 23. 