SPORTING NOTES; THE V.A.T.C., GRAND NATIONAL MEETING. Saturday. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) The day was drear and dour, the course soaked with two days heavy rain, the sky black and full of rain overhead, and up to the last moment it was doubtful if the Grand National could be brought off to-day. Faith in tiie absorbent properties of tbe Caulfield course, however, . induced the stewards to bring tbe meeting off, and they were rewarded by an attendance, which con sidering the weather, was beyond anticipa tions, large. • On a day so trying to ladie3 —the dull skies ruining complexions, and bringing out every defect of skin and ab scence of color which should be veiled from masculine eyes, the gentler sex did not patronise the stand very largely, but still it may be said there was a paying house., to do justice to the completeness of the arrange-' ments and Mr Skinner’s liberal catering. The features of the day were the disqualifi cation of Saunders, who four times disobeyed the order of the starter, and persisted in going to the front before the word was given and who was, therefore,- suspended . for two . months; the superb riding of Gorrie in;the- Balaclava Stakes; - Corrigan’s fiue finish on Game, Sunder: the. crushing weight of 12st 12lb; and the curious fall of Ocean’s rider, who, he says, felt as if the horse had knocked him out of the saddle with .his hind legs. The double Huntsman and Came did not come off, bnt owing to the short prices, the Ballarat division did not win so heavily as they - would liave r desired, and the results of other events were somewhat mixed. The first race on the card was— The Satlino Stakes. Sir A. Halinbourg’s' hr f Sunshade, Tst 71b (Saun ders) .. .. ... ... .. 1 Don. L. L. Smith's b g Epicurean, 7st 71b (1L O'Brien) .. ./. Y. '.. .. 2 Mr W. Harper’s b f Carnival, 7st 71b (Bence) .. 3 Teuton, The Dreamer, Master Norman, Protos-Grand, Casuist, Trust, Zingara,- Eira, Falka, Alexandria,-Nectarine, Query, Golden Fleece, Dargin,- and Julian Gray also started. Betting—3 to 1 agst Sunshade, 6 to 1 Casuist, 8 to 1 Epicurean, 10 to 1 Query or Alexandria.- Sunshade made play early, and though The Dreamer, Epicurean, and Casuist were for a few seconds prominent, Sunshade won with comparative ease. Hurdle Race. Mr H. Connolly’s bh Bonnie Lad, 9st (Gardner) .. . 1 Mr W. Radcliffe's ns ch h Distiller, lOst (M'lver) .. 2. Mr M. Loughlin’s b g Huntsman, list lib (Corri- - gan) .. .. .. .. .. ..2 Ruby, Ocean, Koolyte, Tantaliser, Sink ing Fund,. Grattan, Whalebone, Townlcy, Louis, and Sultan also started. At.,the start Sultan went off with the lead; Sinking Fund, Distiller, aud Huntsman lying close, Whalebone last; coming , down the side stretch Sultan still led, Sinking'Fund next, Grattan aud Koolyte lying close together, which order was maintained to the turn into the straight, coming down which Sultan stumbled, which gave the lead to Sinking Fund, who passed the stand first, Sultan, Koolyte, and Grattan, lying next in that order. Koolyte fell at the stand jump, but his rider picked himself up uuinjured, and going up tbe hill Sinking Fund had a clear length’s lead of Sultan, Townlcy, Grattan, and Bonnie Lad closing up in that order, Whalebone still last. Ocean began to go up here, and at the back of the course raced past Grattan, and then into fourth place, The pace was, however, too fast to last, and at the hurdle near the mud wall Ocean, who had rushed into second place, came a cropper, and the subsequent proceedings interested him no more. Here, too, Sultan got in front again, Bonnie Lad pushing up second, and as they they turned into the straight, Bonnie Lad was closing on his leader, Huntsman and Distiller lying third and fourth. A fine race ensued in the straight, but Bonnie Lad proved too good, and won by half a length, Distiller second, Huntsman third. Sultan, Louis, Ruby, and Whalebone coming iu next in that order. Selling Race. Mr E. Week’s bin Cuba, Tst 131 b (O’Brien) .. 1 Mr K. Bence’s ns b m Mabel Gray. 7st 131 b (Bence) 2 Hon. W. Fearson’s gin Melcagrida, Tst Dili (Power) 3 Liddington, Isabel, and Meerschaum also started. Betting—. Cuba, 7to 4; Mabel Gray, Gto 4.- Isabel led, but Mabel Gray caught her ere half the distance had beeu travelled, Meleagrida being third. A fine finish ensued, resulting in a win for Cuba by three quarters of a length, four lengths separating her from Meleagrida. Meerschaum finished third, Liddington fourth. Time, exactly 1 min. Cuba was bought in at £4O. Grand National Steeplechase. Mr M. Louj-hlin’s b g Game, 12st 121 h (Corrigan) .. 1 Mr J. L. Clough’s b g Contingent, 9st ill) (Allen) .. 2 Mr J. E. Beeston’s br g Terang, lost 41b (Carey) .. 3 Lady Ashton, Native, The Irishman, Wiekliffe, aud Havelock also started. Bet ting—Even Game, C to 1 Lady Ashton anil Wiekliffe, 8 to 1 Terang, 10 to 1 Irish man, 12 to 1 Contingent. Lady Ashton showed in front from the first, Terang, Game, Native, Irishman, and Havelock lying close up. Going up the hill, Havelock baulked, and never again obtained a prominent posi tion in the race. Along the back of the course Lady Ashton assumed a strong lead of four lengths, Native aud Terang lying next. The first round was negotiated with out further mishap, But passing the stand the second time Native struck the logs heavily, and slipped some dis tance, Ferguson making a magnificent recovery, aud earning a hearty cheer. Terang fell at the next fence, and Wick lilfe went nearly up to Lady Ashton, who began to drop back owing to her fashion of sliding along her jumps. Contingent here ran into second place. Lady Ashton fell at the Back of the course, while Native came down heavily. Wiekliffe next fell, and then Irishman struck at the last jump but one, and though he did not fall he unseated his rider, Watson. This left the race to Game and Contingent, who was leading, But iu the straight, the favorite passed his rival, and came in an easy winner by three and a half lengths. Irishman followed about 50 yards Behind without a rider, and about 50 yards behind him came Terang, who, being the only other horse ridden in, was placed third. Time 5 min 38 sec. Balaclava Stakes. Mr C. S. Agncw’s ch m Pocahontas, Cst Clb (Gorrie) I Mr W. E. Dakin's ch h Quintiu Matsep, Sst (Power) 2 Mr G. Gimstoii’s hr m Honeybee, list 131 b (Tomlia) 3 Chuckstcr, The Ghost, Gardenia, Came rine, Straight Shot, Bridegroom, Maroney, Preston, Lahdo, Paul, Kenneth, Western, Black Diamond, Hogmanay, Mia Mia, Maori Chief, Millstream, St. Louis, Protector, Lord Sutton, and Premier also started. Pocahontas was a strong favorite at 6 to 4. At the start the yellow jacket of Honey Bee at once dashed to the front, and before a couple of furlongs had been travelled she had a clear lead of a length, the first ten lying in a cluster, The Ghost and Quin ton Matsep being most prominent, the field tailing out to a frightful length, the ground being evidently too heavy for the majority to travel on. Coming into the straight, Honey Bee had only an advantage of about half a length, Quintiu Matsep being close on her, and Pocahontas shooting forward to join company. A grand tussle, doubtful np to the last moment, ensued in the straight, but Pocahontas was so magnificently aud despe rately ridden that she just succeeded in get ting her head first past the judge, Honey Bee being at Quinti i Matsep’s saddle-bow, hut the rest all out of it. Time, 1 min, 35 sec. This race brought to a close a grand day’s sport. 