ELECTION SKETCHES. BY QUIVIS. AFTER THE BATTLE. In the introductory paper of this series I promised to be either an active combatant of an interested spectator during the elections which which have just been completed. I professed a sincere contrition for past neglect, and appeared to be in the frame of mind befitting a disciple who thirsts for the waters of political knowledge, and means for political light and leading. I have in these sketches thrown a few darts into the light, but they were not heavy enough, and the arm that wielded them was not nerved by hate enough, to make them harmful. I cannot, therefore, with any justice claim to have been a combatant. But, as an interested spectator, I have more than redeemed my promises, and if I am still left with the old indifference for politics, and with the old desire to be let alone by politi- cians, the blame cannot fairly be said to lie wholly at my door. The four papers I have contributed to this journal represent only a few samples of a large stock of election ad- dresses to which I have listened. I have grown lean and hollow-eyed as an attender of meetings ; politics have been my meat and my drink by day, and they have haunted the dreams and broken my slumbers by night. And with the miserable net result of dis- covering that the elections were un- necessary, and that the question before the country, and the men who dis- cussed them, were, unfortunately smaller than the questions and the men of yore. The questions then were such radical and wide- sweeping ones as protection versus free trade ; the settlement of the people upon the lands ; education, free, secular, and compul- sory, against denominationalism ; Govern- ment by one chamber or by two. The poli- ticians of that time included such names as McCulloch, Fellows, Michie, Higinbotham, O'Shanassy, Grant, Berry, and Service. Then Achilles met Hector and drank "— delight of battle with his peers, Far on the ringing plains of windy Troy ;" and men were sundered by differences as deep as human nature and as old as time. After the battle in those times the field lay strewn with wounded past cure, but now, when all is over, everybody rises up and shakes hands with everybody else, and both sides and, " It was a glorious victory," and in both hosts there is to be found never a scar, for never a drop of blood was shed. Thus we read that " there was no ill-feeling to speak of, no faction fighting, nothing to pre- vent opponents mingling happily the day after the poll. This was because there were no burning question, and because the radical element, which would be noisy if pos- sible, was completely overshadowed by the stronger party of peace and progress." There is an idyllic peace in this picture which reconciles us to these dull times when the chief questions are local option, early closing, and the Sunday question. For the same reason also we can well spare the giants of old, and look with complacent toleration on the smaller men who are now our leaders and rulers. This paper is headed "After the Battle," but there really seems to have been no battle at all, for life has already resumed its wanted tenor, and the bustle and clamour of last week are already growing faint and inarticulate. Is it not true that "the transactions of the day, were they never so noisy, cannot remain loud for ever ; the morrow comes with its new noises, claiming also to be registered in the immeasurable concert and conflict of this chaos of existence ; figure after figure sinks, as all that has emerged must one day sink"? So the bills of the candidates are either hanging in strips from the walls and buildings, or they are covered by other bills announcing the Swindlefield Estate auction, or the gigantic clearing sale of drapery valued at £30,234 5s. 10½d. The shops and public-house parlours which served as committee rooms have been already divested of the notices and cards which identified them with the contest, and in their old decent bare- ness have the shame-faced look of repentant sinners. The suburban hall which a week ago rang with the eloquence of a Laurens, and was filled with the "cheers and laughter" of his hearers, is now silent and dark. Committee men and candidates have been released from their toils and anxieties, and the working man has already found out some other means of spending his nights than listening to the flatterers who assure them that he is the highest of created intelligences. I do not pretend here to do the work of the veteran journalist who sums up the issues and consequences of the contest with the fulness of information and the width of outlook which only long study and practice render possible. He is the general, who, from some lofty van- tage ground, can follow the sweep and sway of the conflict from one verge of the battle field to the other, while I am but a camp follower or sutler, and can therefore only retail the few incidents and impressions which came to me through the smoke. Speak- ing, therefore, in this humble character, and taking my experiences seriatim, I find that the earliest and most vivid of them was the National Liberal League. The story of its untimely birth and premature death is known to all, and as I was present at both events, they impressed me in no ordinary way. The monster inaugural meet- ing, far from being a monster, was modest in dimensions and mirth- provoking in cha- racter. It, in fact, struck the keynote of burlesque and unreality, which has, to me at least, been the leading characteristic of the late contest. There has been so little need of an election, so little to differ about, that the mentor from whom I derive most of my information tells me that "there are only 19 new members out of 86, and seven of them take the places of retiring representatives who did not seek re-election Twelve of the old men only have been defeated." Mr. Munro, and Dr. Rose, and Mr. Laurens piped lustily, but the matter did not dance as of yore. On the platform beside them were some of the venerable relics of the "old hat" and "Darling Grant" days—seeming to me like shabby ghosts, coming out of the dead past to gibber and mow "beneath the glimpses of the moon," in a most unwarrantable and unprofitable manner. So that small wonder is it that the planks of the great Liberal programme which the meeting adopted, and the pro- gramme itself, which was to dominate the ensuing elections and sweep the country, and the speakers on the platform, and the meet- ing itself, became to me as mere phantasms, having no real existence or vital connexion with the affairs of this work-a-day world. This spectral meeting was followed by the nightmare of the collapse when Mr Mirams, with a dignity which can only be described as regal, uttered the memorable words, "I declare this league dissolved." When Cromwell, pointing to the Speaker's mace, said, "Take away that bauble," and then put the keys of Parliament House on his pocket, he was a very influential per sonage, but I do not think he quite realised the idea of self-importance with the same awfulness and completeness as did Mr. Mirams on that memorable night. I have said "nightmare of the collapse" advisedly, because, after the tribune had shaken the dust from off his feet and left the building, and after the gas had been turned out, the league refused to be dissolved. Then there arises before me a confused scene, in which voices of men and women are heard coming out of the darkness in mutual objurgation and re- crimination, and then, in answer to a cry for light, forms are seen holding forth in his hand the penny tallow candle of domestic use. Hallkeepers threaten the candlemen and the meeting generally, and policemen appear and disappear, and then on the platform looms a big man with a bulging forehead, and a very large turned down collar, who evokes a Phœnix from the ashes of the defunct asso- cation, and solemnly pronounces anathema maranatha against Mr. Mirans and his following. All this is viewed by a select band of shorthaired sisters of advanced social, re- ligious, and political views, and the shortest haired of them pronounces at the close a sort of benediction and nunc dimittis, quite in harmony with the grotesque surroundings. After that night the league disappears for all practical purposes from human ken, and as it had within it elements of harmless and cheap amusement which no Christmas panto- mime ever possessed, its disappearance marks a diminution in the possible sum total of human happiness which must create feelings of sorrow and regret. I find next upon my list, the Carlton con- test, in which I have the honour to take the humble part of a voter. I have been in- formed that "Our member" is not wholly displeased with my paper, and, in fact, feels that in passages I have, like Mr. Murrray Smith, "spoke respectful" about him. My words affirming his triumphant return were quite prophetic, which is a new sensation to a mint who seldom makes a guess as to the weather, or any other possi- bility, without being hopelessly and ludi- crously wrong. But on this occasion I could not possibly err. Knowing Carlton dulness and intellectual deadness so well, I deserve no praise for correctly selecting "our member" as the man who must win against all comers. Only let him bear in mind my kindly warning against "too much mind," and he may consider Carlton as his " pocket borough" for life. Before leaving Carlton I find that I must again allude to a matter which is purely private, and therefore has no connexion with this article, but which with an overmastering force which I cannot resist, insists on being mentioned. This matter is connected with the luckless four-roomed tenement through which, as owner. I am a Carlton ratepayer and elector. Since the article on "Our member" was penned, another tenant has "flitted," leaving the usual arrears of rent and broken windows and, as usual, taking with him the front door key. But on this occasion, besides the ordinary wrongs, the window ropes have been dragged out to make clothes lines or children skipping ropes, doggerel verses of a personal and uncomplimentary character have been scribbled over the mantelpiece, and on the walls a rude cartoon has been drawn with charcoal representing a landlord asking for his rent, and a tenant with fingers radiating from his nose replying "Don't you wish you may get it." Among the pleasures of poverty, there has not yet been included that of not owning a four- roomed tenement up a Carlton right-of- way. When I heard Messrs. Mirams and Bromley address the electors of Collingwood in St. Philip's Schoolroom, Hoddle-street, I made sure that they would, despite the unfriendly tone of the meeting, be returned at the head of the poll killed as I was with the idea of seeing my idol the "Irul) Perfect One, 1 (had not, perhaps, as) Mr Bromley that attention which he deserved But I noted him sufficiently) to see that he was a pale, "five young man, who was never put out by insult or interruption, but, with provoking calmness took up his sentence exactly at the point where the interruption had forced him to stop with the habit I have of speculating regarding every man's religion or no religion, I found to) sell setting him down as an extreme Dissenter-say a hard shell baptist or a Christian Israelite In politics he forced me to classify him as a liberal of the good old high flavoured school for he trotted out the old lullacicsot protect tion, and fanned the old class differences between bloated capital and honest labour, and insisted on the absentee tax:, and a graduated income in x, in a manner that would not him disgraced the most experienced veteran of the old Royal liberal days Kind in the land light wind comes after the baltic, the speech of Mr Mirams is one of the strongest proofs yet granted the truth of the adage, "Of all blinds that shut up mens vision, the worst is half, for all through that weary two hours oration, which even now I cannot remember without a shudder, there run the ing of conscious victory And strange to say, the meeting seemed to be with him on this point They might implore him to spare his victim when, na the vendetta, he tossed and gored mid stubbed Mr Berry till he left linen, political!), in the state described by Miss Wackford Squeers na "steeped in his gore" 'They writhed under that awful arithmetical engine to which I have alluded, and one irreverent youth interrupted with two and two are five, Jimmi " But the consciousness of the speaker that he was the coming man for Collingwood seemed to be come the consciousness of the meeting too, and though they might interrupt and jeer, they appeared to bow to this fact as to the inevitable Among all the discordant voices of that night, there was none found to disturb the p con ot triumph with - "Oh thou who plumed with Htroiitr desire, VI order st float about the earth boivarol A billow tricks th) flight of five Italians remain,;' Of the eight) six seats in the Assembly, nineteen only have been filled by new men be a, so the percentage of " Forlorn Hope's" must be even larger on this occasion than is usual at order to elections But the "1 forlorn hopes me in no way dismayed at the result, and with the perennial hope which minutes the moth in his gyrations around the candle, they will appear on the scene, when election time comes round again, as fatuous, and n8 wordy, and as ignominiously unsuccessfully ot j ore On the pulling day a huge placard at the corner of Collins Street invited the electors of 1 nat Melbourne to vote for Tempe the in doubtable ' But alas before the shades of night had fallen the " indomitable " had died from the battlefield beaten and crushed, and I nat Melbourne we will see him no more, that in the fulness of time, the season for forlorn hopes to put forth new leaves and blossom again draweth nigh Of the general impressions forced upon me by what I have lately seen and read, one is, that the working man is more than ever The Powers this country you find all men conservative or liberal, conditions or open sidecar, bending the knee to him and flattering him, and proclaiming him king AH lava and projects of law are considered from his standpoint, all interests are proclaimed secondary to his Poor working man' Is there none to whisper to thee that Recognised or not recognised, man has a superior, it regular hierarchy above him, extending up, degree above degree, to heaven itself, and God the Maker, who made his world! not for anarchy, but for rule and order Another note or characteristic of the times, which the elections have brought out, is the decaying power of ecclesiasticism W here churches like the Wealcjim have interfered on the Sunday) question, where points, up at Belfast, have sends to crush an adversary, the results! have been disastrous to church and pi cat We miii regn t it or not., according as our original temperament or acquired views prompt us but the fact remains it is the influence of the church on the or hilary hie and thought of the world is daily growing less '1 line was when, as in the heroic times of Greece, the king was a God deatended man who combined in his person all the functions of the St. ne Julius Caesar was it once Impirutoi mid Pontifex Maximus, and Mommsen says of the men inch) he arm Jit to establish, "There is hardly a fit in the new monarch];, that was not found in the i Id thee the same union of the supreme, Ruhfus, justice to and administrative authority in the hands at the prince, and a religious pre evidence over the commonwelth But the law which Duffin discovered, and which Herbert Spencer in the i the spinal column or in philosophy, is that of increased tom plexity of structure uni increased sped this turn of function, applies to society us to other aspects of life and action and that of the results of the specialisation of the functions of the church seems to be that she must not interfere at elections Perhaps it is better SO but let us not on that account say that the church is but the dear casket, is hereby is hidden truth which has ceased to be line We are so much enveloped with a hint we talk fact, that we too ere it forget that we and our " facts are our) phenomena-iippuitioiiB winch to do) it, and which to morrow are as the mists of yester over In words which have ever moved me deeply Carljie SIJH on this head, "Like everywhere as woven on that stupendous ever marvellous 'loom of time, may be able to instruct itself of a woof of light indeed, yet on a warp of mystic darkness. Only He that created it can understand it." Yes, let us grip our facts and dogmatise on them while we may, but let us never forget that we and they are conditioned by higher facts, to us unknown, as we appear like bubbles for a brief space upon "that mighty rolling, loud-roaring life current, bottomless as the foundations of the Universe, myste- rious as its Author." 