WHO WAS TO BLAME? ",You're not in earnest, Mr. Alfred?" "Of course, l'mn in earneost, Miabel. You'ro theo preltlicot little piece of rose( and dimlples I ever saw. Dolin't your glass tell you the same thing ? Ten o'c!ockl I Why where onl earth heo the titme slipped to? I ought to Ihavo been down town half on hour ago. It's all your fault, Mabel." And Mr. Alfred Austin hurried of', chluching Mabcl Moore under the chin ns he went by. "I wonder," tlhought Mabol, "if he really loves ome ? I wonder-" "Mabel I Mabel ! what are you loitering about.?" cried a shrill, high-pitched voice. " 1orn o'clock, and the poodle not washed, the canaries neglected, and the drawing-room noldusted lReally,IMabel, I don'tlnow what's couse to you of late." "I-I was detained. I'm just through here, ma'am," faltered Nabel, flustlsig crimeson up to tIhe very roots of iher Ihair as oti hlurried out. of the Mabel Mooro was Mrs. Austin's parlk'ur-maid and eapocial notlondnt. Sihe had been a millinor's appren tico baforo tihe rich lady saw rnd tookls a Ifanncy to lher, when stho --IMrs. Austin--was dictating as to tio trim. mling of on utumlnIIr hat. " low smuch do you get here P:I" said MIrs. Austin; and Mabel answered mineekly: " Only my board, mla'nam." "I'll give you toneo pounds a morlth," said hIMrs. Austin. AndI Mabel MIoore abandoned her situation and came to live with tihe rich lady. She was a farmor's daughter fro:u a IKeontish country viltago; and now trhat she had obtaiinerd this lino now situation, is it saeemed to iher, aho wrote hIom a letter of triumph. "I miglhthave otayed at home all my dlays," wroto Mabel, 'and never earned anything more thnu my foodr and clothinsg." It was half an hour or so afterwards, and Mabel wasn busy fluting somne wido Valesncilnscn lace for hier mistressc, when Mrs. Austin's shlrill voice surllooneOd iher up stairs. And Mabel Iknow from the very accent tht somotliing was ws rong. IMrs. Austin stood in the middlo of theo roos an Mabel entered it, Ia rdd spot on either elheclr, ard Ia bit of cardboard in her hIrstnd. "Look ire, lMabel Moore," aid shIo. "' Tile housoe. rkeeper los jrust broughlt this to mio- a photogrsaph ok my noplow, Alfredr I Se says she f uod it in your room i" BeMabol turned scarloet, od felt inttinctivoly is hier bosorn. ' I-I must have dropped it,"' slohe sai, scarce con oidering hier words. "Then it is yours ?" "Yes," faltered Mabel, " How camen you by It?" stornly catechtized Mrs. Austin. "oHe gave it to me." "HeoY Who?" "Mr. Alfred." Mrs. Austin's face grew grim and hard is ildananrt. "You are discharged," said sla, turning coldly on lher trest. And Mabel, stunned and bowildered, went upto tlor room to pack tlr few belongings, and thinke what slio should do next. Mr. Alfred Austin was considerably lsurprised that afternoon to eco hris aunut's maid walls ilnto the ollico in thie city. "Littlo Mabol," cried Ile, clapping n pair of ovo-* giaoses to ris eyes. "It inn't possible I" " Yes," said Mabtel, "it is I. 01s, Mr. Alfred, whlat am I to do ? Your aunt ihas dismisserd nr !" " Dismissed you I Ansd why ?" demanded Ithe young man. "SholM-ho foundl your pietiro in my possession," taletrod Mabol, beginning to cry. "And a precious fool you must Iosvo boon to let her find it," said hi impatiently. "What olso could you expect, Mlabel ?" "And what amt I to do now ?" sihes questioned, piteoansly. "Do ?" repeated Mr. Ausrtin. "Wiry, get another situation, to be sure." "'ow' can I, withl uun roleresec? P And----" "Now, loolk hero," said Alfred, irriltably, " all this in no business of mine. I don't seo why yues should ceilio hiero botltrinpg mis!" "No businens of yours ?" vsguely repented Maihtbl. "Not ist sill." "tUt it was your fiault that I lost, thie dlace." "hly fault I" echoed Mr. Alfred, with a laugh. " I1/r fault, because I just told you slnwhat a pretty littie thi you are, and Aunt Dorothy got mrad with jealousy aiud spito. Come, that is a little too good." "?lrut-but-" thesitated MIabel, with a deadly chill cetting around her heart.l, "didn't you smean arrything all rilhe tihnoe" "liean I No; what slhould I manu ? Really, Mahlol, lls is becominsitg nnmoying. Now you snrecrying agaiinl Oh, confroundssh itt alt I" " V'ou nueed not go, Mr, Austirn," sahi tibel with whltn. digulity hlo eollt coulsrisrs. "I shasI ihl yeso of ts V iresonuon at once. SExcuse o ne f re rnallrrg such a tistakeo as to suppose you were an honourabel gentleman." Mr. Austuin winced a little under the irony of her wards as rshe walked out of tlhe offico, and went to iadesmoiscllo Iaodiste, tile mailiner of Oxford-street. ' Peol5aps," thought ldubel, " se will take m on again. I'or can't starve." o lint Mra. Austin, as hllo discovered to ller grief, had te n be?forehalnud witllh her. Iademoisello modits rolled up her eyes., "ilo was sosry for Mirs Moore--but really it was a very isproper lthing to be h masking eyes" at liher mis tress's neplcw. And she couldn't afford to lose a customer likelo Mladame Austin--and besides silo hlas 1tie characters of iher young women to look to, aid--- . " But Mabtel, who was is innocent of any guily thought1 or dood as a white dove, turned away with a aIhudder. " Do-do they tlinkc I have done anything wrong i5 ohloe asked herself. "Ohl has it, come to this i' Mlabel went homne to the little tllatchel d fnrml-houso in Kent-but evc-n there a letLer from the indignant, Mtrs. Austin haed procedoed ler. Her falther met liher witll cold, averted eyes-h-llor uotller burst into tecars. " Oh, liabel, to tllink tlhat you should sonee hose sot And we all thought your fortune was mdoe !" " You're welcome to stay for a. night or two, Mlnbol," said Mr. MIoore, coldly; " but after t.llo way in whichi you have tIreated your confidiong mistres-s , " Father," burst out l Mabel, " wlhat have thley been telling you ? " Facts pea flr or themstlves," said tho old man, grimly. I, thie middle of 1l-e night iMabel canmo to hlr mother's bedside, loaling as wlhite s a ghost. ' Doear meo, chliid,"saidMrs. Moore Ihalf asleep, " whant is thie matter ?" "Motbcer," soaid Mabel, " whlro is your laudanuan bottlo ? PI'ro got such a dlreatdful tootllnacho !" "Ite's in tbe clocls.ass," osaid MIrs. Moore, drowsily. Is the morning iabecl was found dead upon her pillow. Dead and cold. And tile shloced parents nevr ]oow wvslllher it wao an overdose of laudanum or a deliberate aoct of esuicide thlat opened thie gates of annother world to tlhecir atrlctkeni child 1lihc was beyond all slander; but who wasta bloame i Wtre: the I)uko of Wellington was siclt, the olast tlhing lie took was a little toa. On lles servant land. ing it to Ilim in a saucer, and asking him if ile would Ihaao it, the tDuke replied, " Yes, if you pleaae." T'hese were his last words. IIow much kindness and courtely are expressed by tlscm He wllo lhsd ommsanded thIe geatest arnies in Europe, anl litd long used I the throne of authority, did not despise or overlookl the small courtlesiu s of lifo. In all your Isosso talls recnember If you please." Among your associatesdon't forget 'If you please." To all who wait upon you and serve you, belioeve that " If you pleaso" will malo you bctter st:rvced than all lthe cross or ordering words in tlse wholo dictionary. Don't forget three little words---" If you ploanso." Sirrw'lslsv produces haIrmony; it snmoothes off tIhe roughll edges of conflicting lchatracters; it brings the eloorisness of tie hIopeful to chase away thie fears of thie desponding; it draws reinforcement for thie weaknerss or the want of somce from tile wealth or strengthl of otlhers. P5I'-sIaIINSS is generally tio vice of sarrow stisds: anld except whlen it is tie effect of anguiisle asdl disease, by whichl tIhe resolution is brolon and thie mind made too feeble to bear t1-o lightesti addition to its miseries, proceeds fronl ani unrueasonable regard'of tie imsiportanco of triRes. T're proper remedy agalnst it is to consider tile dignity of Irumnsu nature, iand thIa folly of suffering perturbation and unoeasiness frol crusses unworthy of our notice.--,olsrtct Aasi,•. Ass. titst is great in ntan comes of laboltr--grelt ness in art, in literature, in science. lKnowledge--" lthe wing whlerewithl we fly to Iheaveo "--i- only nctquiredl thlrough labour. Genius is bunta calbility of Itlauir. inlg intensely; it is thle power of nlsiingp; great aisd sustained elfforts. Labour may be a elitslisemeIt, but, it is indeed a glorious ones. It iswo'shlip, duty, praise, andil immorlurlity-for tihose wh-o lsbour with thIe Iligllest aims, nud for tbho auresct nurls oses.--Sai/il.i. ..AnlIAN A'TRIOCITIES. AS S0iin lie (Ie s,'ilicri ofi t:lie C1zar had pasaesd on, the IBulgarians seized r-veryc man, woman, and chlildl of the Jeovilsh omtmussity, and forced tlhemi into tile Isyinaigogle and its Ceeusat. yard. The riclist l einll amosgst t1hem nas ilgldtl out, anud tdeslad seas mlnadie for I lasrgo 055un of InisoiSy. Tiles wss not at once granted, and the uligatriats fisred several volleys into tie crowded courtyard, ktilling• mniny perasons on the spot. T'Ile unforttnlllto JAwa tlons gave up sll the monetc ey they possessed, and tl jowellery of tho women ant d girls was neIxt r h'ailetl. Before it could be delivered, tlh runfllIm plnunge~l in amongst the terrilied creatures, tearing ; oi neckllaces, bracelets, rings, anulI ear-peaidi; ln, and often rmutilating the living owners in their cea,,r nces to go it at the valuables. 'lThis was on a ceitiin Saturday, and, after an iutorval of drulckesness sitl chutrcls.going on tile followsinsg day, tti Bulgariahs wero prepared for fresh outrelgsi on tie Maonday. 'The violence don o tIie vwonlcen, ansd theo inurderius cruclties inflicted on thIe mnacs, will not bear particular descriptions; but t1i gOeneral result was tlhot, by tIle and of theo day thie number of thIe Jows was reduced from nine Ilundred toless tlllan half. Towardsovesiinig, thIe music of an approaching detachment of Itussian dragoons and Cossacks was heard ; anid tile Bulgariats ran off, leaIving thle sureivois for a tsime at rest. eot for long, Ihowever. Thie BIulgarins plied the Cossaclks with drinkl, iand anothelr hIorriblo massacre soon took place. Men and women weroimnpaled on the spikeso iron railings, and ellildren pilnced to the doors and seats of the synsgoggu with lances. Another detachl ment of IRussian dragoons endoavoured to escort thile survivors (now not more tlnn seventy-two) to Shliplts; but they wore after a timo abandoned by their proe tectors, and thlo greater number perished beneasthlro. noewed assaults.-" Cassell's li'sltory of Ithe Itusso- Tur. klsh IWar,." Smi JOiN CALr.--The following lines toll thleir own talo as an opitaphl: " Iere lies Sir John Calf, Threeo times Lord lMayor of London. Ilonour! lhonour I! honour! l! And undornoatl, the following wsere written by a wag:- - " Oh cruel Deoattil, more sbtlo tlhan a fox, Tllat would inot let this Calf become an or, Thalt Io might browso among tho briars and thlorns, And near biosido his brctlnrn' shorns I horns II horns! t I" AN OSSEVtINs IANt.--0aIO of til0 writings of thi late Baron Nostroi have been published in book foral in Vioennas , from wllich Ithe followving are selected: "I believo tlo worst of all men, including myself, and 1 am seldom deceived." "I once saw ai celebratedl rac hlorso that lind grown old, hitlsedl to a swill cart Since tlhen I don't relitsh thinlilig obout my future." "Poverty is uindoubtedly tle worst thinr ing thie worll. If I wore offered a cool tesn millions in gold to be poor I'd refuse to accept 1tie proposition." "I can under otand swhy people attcsd I ball, but why anuybody sllould give a ball is solaethling entirely beyonld niy comprelosaton." "When two 1s olves sncct in thie woods neithler of thloenm lies the slightest doubt as to what kind of animal bthe o1ler is; but twso mes never Imeet in thie forest without each one suspesctiug the other of being a robber." 'There is sometlhing Irris* istibly fascinating in telo life of a spy. One enjoys all the pleasures that a thief has, and yet is regarded as an lsonest man." "Tle miuau who carves 1ecither a rascal or a fool. If lie tieeps thlobest, tile clhoico piece for hIimsolf, he is a ruascal; if iheo does not, hle is en ass." TrtraiIrs AND SNrnowansoR.---Australsan gentlemnsc are mnaly, cordial follows; more pronounced and less reserved tlnm are our people at holno. Tile tone is a trillo more brusque, but it has tle genlino ring in it. I thlink, perhaps, tllhat they have even more projulictes than wo hayvo- I do not miean personal projudices; and they ara certainly freer-spoke n in the onunciatiolt of tlhem. They are wholly without one attributo tlnlt is a discredit to so many Englishlnen--thlo alffoetiont of being idlers becausec of an absence of necessity for being workersu. . " Iavo you a leisueo classu" ilsktd on Englishmanu of an American. " Whllat is tlIat ay how ?" Interrogated thie citizen of t1le Union. "A class whlo can afford to Ihave no avocation," explainaed the Briton. "' Why, corltainly,'" responded ithe Amerieai with alacrity, " we catll m sei traijts." It is llchi tihe sanmo in Australia. The only poople wholo let them- solves afford to haveo no speciflo object in lifo oro tlLha,, " snlldowllors," n thelly are- coloninly call?sih; Ia , lonfcrs who sanntor from station to station in thi interior, ociuro of a nightly ration and a hunir. ]hln the " asuidownor,'" overy Austtrlinn Ins Isl avoca' Lion, and wvould thiulk sihame of hlllmself to ape a sort of pride of not beisg industrious in it. 1o works liklo a man, and lie plays like I mnan- uomelt lines lilto a boy. Ito is more spsculativo thnn is thi busilness man who ti s Ils iLome correlative; an1 Ile Ithereforo may experlecei greater vicsiitudet of fortune. 1lut he hlas an elasticity and a versatiity tlest are more American than English; andi so copious are tlhel opportnltlos of Australia, that if fortune frown's te-.day slhe may srmilo to-morrow ftroma ecar to ear.--'" ,S',eesils oif S'mst Coliinens," bc y Arcibald Fo~rks. Anlsrsltpres wns issiked vshnt diffeeronce there wase Ihtwoos a-well-informed end alun igsnorant man;t Iho realll s, " ond t1llie' hith simiong tsni sahio Ore oit acquninted wih ? tliaem, and thbou wilt dilcover." 