The Licensing Act is now in force, as a great many of the publicans through out the colony have found to their cost, and there is an evident determina tion to enforce the provisions of the statute with a rigor that in many in stances seems to aim at persecution. In the cases that came before the Bench here last week, one was proved to be founded on such insufficient evidence that the publican, Mr. Fox, came off triumphant, having established an alihi strong enough to disprove the testimony of the revenue officers, who swore posi tively that they were supplied with liquor by the owner of the hotel, while he very clearly showed that if the wit ness spoke the truth, ghosts must have a local habitation in the town. In Brisbane the papers are full of the prosecutions instituted under the Act,' and though it may be well to administer the law with Draconic firmness, there seems a tendency to overstep the mark, and mulct those who have every desire to keep within bounds. There is a vast dif ference between persons who fail to keep the letter of the law through ignorance of its contents and wilful wrongdoers, and it does not redound to the credit of the Government to institute proceed ings which fall so far short of a convic tion as did the case in question here. It would be well for revenue witnesses in future to make sure of their facts before they take action. Again, it has been shown that the measure places a power in the hands of subordinates |which is most unadvisable, for by the action of the latter are the masters judged and condemned, and in the case of the contravention of the clause which prohibits liquor to be sold to children under the age of fourteen, it was pointed out that nothing could be more easy for the servant than to infringe tue law it he was actuated by revengeful or malicious feelings towards his employer. A law that en courages or leaves the slightest loophole, for such base designs cannot be morally good. By such action the Government will doubtless reap a large harvest of unpopularity with the publicans, but not from them alone will the dissatis faction at the measure arise, as the Liberal members of this district may iind to their cost when the time comes, for by the introduction of the clause forbidding wine-growers to dispose of their produce 011 Sundays, lias one of the chiefest sources of profit been taken away from the small producer who is thus debarred from cultivating his limited acreage of vines with a fair prospect of success. On the German wine- growers of this district the new Act presses with undue and unjust force, and the discontent that has been aroused is neither small nor unimportant. It must be remembered that for many of the small cultivators the outside market was of no consequence, and they derived their returns from what they could sell to visitors. Visitors came seldom save on Sundays and holidays, and as the latter arc too few and far between to form a factor in any calcu lation, it is evident that the action of the Ministry will effect a great amount of injury by discouraging an industry which, in its present position, requires all the support which Government can give. To the large proprietor, the man of many acres, the prohibitive clause may not bo of importance, for if his wine be good he will find a ready market outside the district for it, and will not be mado or marred by the clause in question. Not so his neigh bour, whose operations arc on a modest scale. The injustice of the action of the Government in removing the market for their wine from the small growers is very glaring, and shows that same disregard for the rights of a section of colonists, which has been fraught with such lamontable results to the sugar plan ters of the North, and, indeed, the cases, are parallel, for in the one in stance there was a tacit understanding that coloured labor woidd be supplied, in the other, the small wine-grower had every reason to believe tbat he would 1 be able to dispose of his produce on his own premises wiinoui! 1110 intervention of middlemen. In both cases the in dustry has been placed in different cir cumstances to that it bore when it was .first undertaken, and in the one in stance as in the other, will the producer be seriously disheartened if not pre vented from carrying 011 his business. Surely it is to tho interest of the colony that sugar should be grown in the North, surely. it for. to the benefit of this district that wine should bo raised and vineyards jilantcd, and yet the Government has' by its action, stated plainly that neither sugar nor wine shall prosper in the colony. To make the similarity still closer wo find that th« veto is in both in stances defended on purely moral grounds, for in the labor trade wo have the iniquities of recruiting, in wine selling it is stated that, much evil was caused by scenes of dis order and debauchery at the gardens in the neighbourhood of Toowoomba on Sunday. With regard to labor getting a rational system of procuring Islanders similar to that employed in white emi gration would thoroughly purgo the traffic of all its ill-omened atrocities, in the other, the sale of wine should have been regulated, not abolished, if regu lation wore indeed necessary. It must, however, bo observed that if unseemly revelry take place at the wine-gardens on Sunday in this district, there must bo some- characteristic element in the Australian ? climate which produces it, for in tlio country whence the custom comes sobriety is tho rule and excess the excoption. So far as regards the moral aspect of the question, if we may judge by Ger many, Sunday visits to wine gardens aro not attended with much harm, and we cannot believe tbat the change of skies would alter the case much. We do not here enter on the question of of total abstinence versus the use of stimulants, for the country has given its adherence to tho latter, but we merely deal with winegrow ing as an industry that would advance the intorcsts of tho colony, and confer wealth on its inhabi tants. In this aspect of the subject, the Licensing Act will do a great amount cf harm by pressing hard on the very men it is the aim of every prudent Government to encourage, the small producers who, by their toil and industrious perseverance, do so much to urge ontheprogressofancwcountry. Wo have only to look around the environs of the town, and evidence will he found of what can bo done by well directed energy, and it is this energy that the wine-selling clause paralysis and retards. Reform is good when fol lowed by good results. In every radical change undertaken by Mr. GnTFFiTir, . the beneficial effects have been conspicuous by their absence, and to this rule his attempt to interfere with the vignerons of the colony is no excoption. and the Germans have found that party power has a short memory from which gratitude for past support is soon erased. 