SPORTING TOPICS. BY THE " SPORTSMAN " SPECIALS. . fewer than ten hone were well i f, for the Handicap Flat Bace at Hie Melbourne Hunt Club Meeting on Saturday , and that very fact waa sufficient to snow the openness of that event, the handicap for which was one of Mr. Vowles' best efforts. It ia hard to Bay what started absolutely first favourite, but Eobai was so eagerly sup. ported at the finish that the son of Mamika must have been in as much re- quest as anything. The Ghost was thought to be a good thing, whilst Gardenia, upon whom Mick O'Brien had the mount, was likewise held to possess superior claims. Hogmanay, who had the assistance of Alec Robertson, had a strong following, and the Flemington division were divided between Duke of Athol and Middlemarch. Twenty-four horses went forth to do battle for the 200 sovs., and after some delay at the post, the lot were sent off. Fairly into the straight, Salvoon the rails, Hogmanay in the centre, and Huron on the outside appeared dangerous. Don Giovanni, Clarendon, Gardenia, and Middlemarch wete in a cluster just behind. At the bottom of the carriage paddock what appeared to be some cannoning took place, and Gardenia and others were interfered with. Salvo, Hogmanay, and Huron seemed as if they would fight out the finish, but tbe Ballarat horse retired, and at that time, Middl omarcli, who came on the outside with a clear ran, got home by half a length, Hogmanay and Salvo being second and third. Ik these days, when some of the transactions of the ring-men do not smell altogether as sweet as they might, it is gratifying to hear of such a case as the following. At the Hnnt Club meeting an ex-publican, who bets pretty heavily (for cash princi pally), took ten pounds to five from Mr. J. I. Saqui abont Reticent for the Steeplechase, and handed him in mistake for a fiver a fifty pound note, which was dropped into Hie bag with tbe rest. Beticcnt didn't win, and the backer didn't discover his blunder before Monday, when he called on Air. Saqui, who at once admitted having fonnd his cash £45 over, and handed that amount to the backer. Not much in this— but still 18- carat. The general opinion on Saturday last when the Sapling StakeB came on for decision at Flemington, was that that event lay between Hortense (who is an own sister to that speedy mare, Marie Louise) and Teuton, who claims that good horse Dunlop as his brother, and the two Flemington-trained youngsters went out first and second favourites. Of the others. Carnival was the most freely supported, although a select few pinned their faith to Mistletoe. The latter was very fractious at the post, and when the tlsg tell, sue, uarntvai, ana aortense were the first to anticipate its descent. The favourite led until within the distance, when Mistletoe shot up on the outside, and, passing the Adelaide-bred filly, won easily. Harridan, a half-sister to Mad- delina, and in the same stable as Hortense, was third, with Liedertafel next. Teuton, who did not run kindly, was never dangerous. Mistletoe, who won the Sapling Stakes at Flemington on Saturday last, is the property of Mr. J-.D. Robertson, and is trained at Kingston, so, of course, her quality was unknown. She is a racing-like bay filly, and tine of the first of Bosworth's get. - As -Rosworth ia a member of the great Maififhyrnong-Ttie ; Fawn family, it is no wonder that some of hie qualities have been transmitted to his daughter, who is out of Star of Love. Mistletoe is not engaged in the Y.A.T.C. Great Foal Stakes, but she is in the Nursery Handicap run on the second day of the meeting. Her name also appears amongst tbe Maribyrnong Plate candidates. Hxlf-s-dozek competitors sported silk for the Steeplechase at Flemington on Saturday, and Reticent was made favour ite, Sir Samuel being the only other supported for money. After Reticent, Kulkyne, and Brown Eagle had alter nately led, the former went to the front at the far side in the second round, but as be ran down by the side of the train ing ground, the son of Silence was joined by Sir Samuel, and as the last fence was negatiated, the pair were any munber of lengths in advance of the remainder of the field, which at one period was re duced by Wickliffe falling. The latter was, however, remounted. All the way np the straight the two leaders fought it out, Sir Samuel always having a trifle the best of it, and the son of Hnghenden won by three parts of a length, Kulkyne being third. Intending purchasers and others are reminded that the important aale of Messrs. Yeomans and Hales' Milbey Station, situated in the Laohlan district, takes place at Messrs. Powers, Ruther ford and Co.'s rooms, 79 Collins- street west, at three o'clock to-morrow afternoon. The station comprises an area estimated at 40,000 acres, 3200 acres nf which are secured bv conditional nnr- chase, all passed, and certificates issued. The ran is substantially fenced, and sub divided into nine paddocks. The country is of splendid agricultural land, and the properly is heavily grassed and of the oestfottening description. 15,134 merino sheep and 4000 lambs will also be sold. desirous fSMuriiijfa reJSy fiistolass station. Full particulars of the sale can be had from the agents. Sevzexl improvements' have been effected at Flemington since the last meeting. The new stands on the hill and above the carriage paddock have been completed, and an additional stand is erected in continuation of the main Structure on the paddock aide. The telegraph office has been removed to the south side of Ihe paddock, aad a new press-room has also been built here. The building is utterly useless for Hie purpose intended, as it is a long distance from the winning post, aad there is no convenient stand near for the reporters to view the races. Among other altera tions the scratching stand has been re moved farther back into the paddock. We have been requested to correct aa error which appeared in the report of the Melbourne Hnnt Club races as published in one of onr morning contemporaries. Louis, the winner of the Hurdle Race on Saturday, is not by Maribyrnong from Eugenie, but ia by J ulian Avenel from Eugenia. We may also state that Teuton, who rayn the Sapling Stakes, is not " a full brfter to Newstcad," as Mr, Bailey's colt ra got by Neckersgat from Etta, and is conse quently a full brother to Dunlop. The full programme of the Nagambie Turf Club's Spring Sleeting, to be held on 12th November, appears in this week's issue. The programme is a lengthy one, consisting of the Maiden Plate, Maiden Hurdle Rice, Nagambie Turf Club Han dicap (of 40 sovs., two miles), Wahring Stakes, Flying Stakes, and Ladies' Bracelet. The entries close with Mr. Fred F. Gummow on the 26th inst. Pbiob to the start for the Sapling Stakes at Flemington on Saturday last, Albert LoddoD, who is an own brother to Archie, began to play up, and getting free from the man who was leading him, reared and backed until he unseated his jockey, T- Brown. Beyond a slight injury to bis arm, Brown was fortnnatcly not hurt, and was able to steer the colt afterwards. Fob gome few months past Sydney Tattersall's Club has been contemplating thp purchase of a new site, whereon to erect more commodious and suitable buildings than those they occupy at present in Pitt-street. A committee was appointed to report upon the matter and recommended the purchase of an allot- ment in Phillip-street, near Hunter-street for £8000. This proposal, however, the club rejected by a large majority, and the prospect of removal has no further advanced than when first mooted. O wkebs and trainers are given a timely warning tbat entries for all handicaps in connection with the Bendigo Races, on the 24th and 2oth November, close on the 25lh October. The Sydney Driving Park Club, who have succeeded in making trotting so popular in Sydney, hold another meeting on the 23rd October. The programme which appears elsewhere, is a most attractive one, consisting of a Grand Distance Handicap Trot, for a purse of 100 sovs. ; Saddle Handicap Trot, Handicap Flat Race, and Produce Stakes for three-year-olds and xiider. Entries for the different events close on Friday, with the secretary, Mr. H. Skinner. The handicaps will appear on Tuesday next. Dueing Cup week a conference of members of the V.R.C. and A.J.C. will be held in Melbourne, relative to the question of early two-year-old racing. The Hon. Jas. White, Sfessrs. J. A. Scarr, H. C. Dangar, and W. R. Hall will represent the A.J.C. The superiority of the world's cham pion, William Beach, over ail scullers whom he has yet met is better under stood when the constitution of the man is known. That he is of splendid physique nearly everyone knows, and that he can stay he has proved beyond all doubt. But, having commenced late in life, fear has been expressed in some quarters that the colonials cannot hope to see him hold tbe championship for any length of time. Geordie Cowan, one of the first men to train Beach, and who brought Peter Jackson, the champion boxer, so fit to the ring last Saturday, says he never met a man with such excel lent wind as Beach. He can last for 20 miles as easily as can the majority of rowers for three ; and the probability of hiB breaking up he regards as being very remote. Owing to the many complaints about the hardness of the ground at Randwick during the late meeting, it is promised by the powers that; be that the 'course shall have a thorough overhaul. It is a pity that this was not thought of before the meeting, in which case many pounds sterling of horseflesh might have been saved. However, better late than never, and the officials have not been slow in taking our hint this time. The Willi&mstown; Racing Club have received a very fair entry for their 300 sovs. handicap, to be run at the Novem ber meeting. Thirty-eight nominations have been received, and the names of Ben Bolt, William Tell. Boolka, My Lord, Western, Bonnie Doon, Duration, Sirocco, St. John, Middlemarch, Jim Cain, and Lancer need only be men tioned to indicate that the quality is good. The handicaps will appear on the 18th inst. The weights for the Australian Hunters' Cup, to be run at Caulfield on Saturday next, are published. Abdallah, who should have won at Flemington on Saturday, has the top weight, 13st. ; Char coal, the South Australian " 'chaser," having a couple of pounds less. Curio sity, who was successful at the Hunt Club meeting, is allotted I2st. 21b. These are still thirty-five horses left in the Maribyrnong Plate. Anion; those remaining are Abydos, the ful brother to Newstead ; tbe New Zealand pair, Tranter and Escutcheon ; the Hon. W. A. Long's Eckersley ; the Western district colt, Essex; the South Austra lian representatives, Perhaps and Hor tense; Lord Carnation's filly, Esper- ance ; and four of the Hon. J . White's nominations, Aberdeen, Lava, Sumatra, and Pontifex. The running of the hurdle raoer, Javelin, at the Canlarbmy Pork .races, on Monday was considered so suspicions that the stewards disqualified the horse and his rider (Talbot) for twelve months. The Summer Cup in connection with the Australian Jockey Clnb requires the attention of owners and trainers on Thursday week. On that day entries close for the event. The first forfeit of 6 sovs. must accompany each nomination. The Sydney metallician, who was a wee bit behind hand at the settling over the late A.J.C. meeting, has honourably made arrangements to meet Ids engage ments, and will in all probability be all right before the Spring Meeting i» over. Racoro men will be interested to lean that Coronet Lodge and training stables, at Flemington, are to be sold by auction at Kirk's Bazaar on Tuesday next. The stables contain a dozen loose boxes, and are very conveniently situated to the training track. Ehteibs close on the 14th October for Tattersall's Cop and tbe Oarrington Stakea, to be ran at Sydney Tattersall's meeting on the 1st and 3rd January re spectively. We are pleased to see that the widow of the late Richard Rowe, jockey, of Caul field, who was killed last year by a fall from the hurdleracer Grattan, at Sydney, and whose remains were brought over and interred in the St Hilda Cemetery, has had erected a handsome marble tomb stone, with suitable inscription and railing, over the grave of her late husband. Particulars of the Summer Cup, to be run for at the Boxing Day Meetingof the Australian Jockey Club, hare been published. There is no material altera tion from last year's event It is a sweepstakes, of 20 sovs. each, 5 forfeit, with 500 sovs. added ; second and third horses to receive £100 and £60 re spectively out of the stake. Entries dose on the 14th October. On Friday last the Ballarat Hunt Clnb celebrated their annual meeting, and despite the poor attendance of the metroplitan division, the races were a great success. Business commenced with the Hurdle Race, for which event Footman was selected as the best thing in, Dunrobin, who is by The Ace, was second favourite, and Bracemau came next in demand. There is very little to describ", for Footman, who strained himself through over-jumping, was soon out of court, and Barney, after making- moss or rne running, was easily passed by Dunrobin, who won somewhat easily from Braceman, Barney being third. St. Louis, an own brother to St. Lawrence, who broke his back when racing in Sydney, was made favourite for the Ladies' Bracelet at the Ballarat Hunt Club meeting on Friday. Alberto, through fractiousncss, was left at the post when Mr. Inglis dropped the flag, the favourite almost immediately going to the front, and entering the straight it looked any odds on the son of Glorious, but Liberty, who was always in a for- ward position, joined mm when fairly on tbe road for home, and after a short and sharp struggle, the Flemington-trained horse won by a length, Oakleigh being third, and Sir Charles fourth. On. Saturday last the Melbourne Hunt Club held their Spring meeting, and despite the lowering appearance of the sky at mid-day the attendance at Flemington was fairly good. The business of the day started with the Selling Race, for which event onlv half-a-dozen horses were left in, but as Navy Blue did not face Mr. Watson, the field was one short of that number. Sorcerer was the chosen one. Snip and amoassaaress oemg most rreely sup ported — in fact, the latter was the most inquired after at the last moment. The finish of the race was such as is rarely seen in a selling event, the three horses named being heads and tails all the way up the straight Erentually Sorcerer and Ambassadress forged away from Snip, and the mare was landed a clever winner by a neck from Sorcerer, Snip being an excellent third. The winner on being put up to auction was bought in for 45 guineas. The Melbourne Hunt Club Cup brought out but half the number that started for a similar event at Ballarat on the pre vious day, and that light of other days, Abdallah, was made favourite on Satur day; when they remembered that Curiosity, Sara, Robin were trained by Mr. G. Glasscock, whose son Charles had the mount on Abdallah, the backers of the old grey were congratulating them selves, as the latter was rapidly making up hia leeway, Curiosity having made ail the running, followed by Baldy. Tbe concluding obstacle proved too much for the favourite, and he came down heavily, but was quickly remounted and cantered in afterwards. Curiosity, who fenced faultlessly, won with ridiculous esse from Baldy and Robin; there being a wide distance between the placed division and the fourth horse. Mr. W . A. Menzies, whose property Curiosity is, steered the winner. Thibtebn horses faced Mr. G. 'Wat son for the Hurdle Race at Flemington on Saturday, Tantaliser having first call in the betting, but before the lot were despatched on their journey Geraldine, Distiller, Revenge, Louis, and finally Marron, a daughter of Slanderer, were all supported, so tbe bookmakers must hare got nearly round in their books. Ap proaching the fence opposite the stand Tantaliser'a bridle became loose, and fell off the horse's head, but Malone kept a close grip of tbe reins, and thereby pre vented the bit from falling out of his mount's mouth, but he eventually pulled up. Distiller led a little farther on. Revenge made most of the running until down by the training ground side, where he was joined by Louis, and coming on towards the straight the latter went to the front, and won with the greatest ease from Revenge, Joey being a moderate third, Wild Dog next, with Marron last. Mb. Robbbt Moffatt's gelding, Monarch, was selected as the most likely to furnish the winner of the Ballarat Hunt Club Cup in a field of fourteen, and Mr. Charles Filgate had the mount on the son of The Pearl. The Joker, who was steered by Mr. J. O. Inglis, was the most freely supported of the remainder. When sent on their journey Argument came to grief at the first obstacle, and, ss his rider's foot remained in one of the stirrups, he was dragged along Borne little distance, before he was disengaged from hia perilous position. Baby ana Cham- pagno fell, and Brunette baulking, thus early the field was materially reduced. In the meantime Gippslander, Monarch, and The Joker made most of the running alternately, and after a good- race np the straight The Joker was landed first past the judge's chair, Monarch and Night- light filling the other places. The athletic portion of the community of Carlton are desirous of having the football ground in Princes Park removed to the city end of the reserve — a change which would alike be beneficial to the football club and the cricket club, the latter bring willing to give up their round for the purpose. A deputation ' rom the Carlton Cricket Club waited on the Minister of Lands yesterday, and urged upon him the advisability of acceding to the wishes cf the athletes of Carlton. Tbe Minister replied that he would be guided by the decision of a sub-committee of the Parks and Gardens Committee, who meet to- morrow; but, personally, he could see no objection to granting the request. Nobdenfeldt is apparently to be given every opportunity to make an early name for himself as a stallion (writes a New Zealand exchange), as amongst the mares to be mated with htm this season are Sylvia (dam of Martini-Heniy), Frailty (dam of Trenton), Maid of Athol (dam of Krupp), Pongawerewere (damof Tetford and Brigadier), and Ouida (dam of Artillery). At the recent Winchester Sessions Thomas Lane, a hawker, was sentenced to three weeks' hard labour for selling false cards at the Hambledon Hunt Club Races. J. Treviss, the printer of the cards, was prosecuted at the Droxford Sessions (writes our London namesake), on the fiat of the Attorney-General, and fined £10, including costs, for not print ing his name and address on these cards. Mb. E. J. Baldwin, a well-known racing man in America, has engaged the coloured Archer, Isaac 3Iurphy, for the ensuing racing season, the retainer being 10,001) dollars, that being the largest sum ever paid to a jockey in the States. The Breeder and Sportsman has the following on the subject " Bat if there is a jockey living who deserves it all it is Isaac Murphy. He has not a superior, if, indeed, an equal, as a rider, and is the very embodiment of honesty and in tegrity. The latter quality, combined with his great ability, makes him im mensely popular, and hie appearance in the saddle ia always greeted with ap plause, and that of a deafening kind when one of his great finishes sends his mount to tictorr. Mr. L. P. Tarlton. a Srominent young Kentucky lawyer, and ead of the Fleetwood Stable, who hai known Murphy since he was a child, and who attended to the letter's business in a legal way, in referring to him the other day, remarked : ' If there is aDy one person that would not do a dishonest act, or that can be trusted beyond a money value, it Is that coloured boy, Isaac Murphy. They say every man has his price, but money can't buy that boy.' The English language could hardly put it stronger than that, and the significance of it is, it is well deserved." Mb. A. Kboking, of Bockhampton, says the Week, has been somewhat un fortunate at his stnd daring the last season. He has already lost several blood animals, and he has had to destroy his dark hay mare Laurel, which was kicked in the mouth about three weeks ago, all the teeth in the lower jaw being kicked out. A cancer formed on the jaw, and Mr. Kroning operated on the same, but unfortunately did not prove successful, and as the horse could not eat, and became paralysed in the hind quarters, he was compelled to kill it. Laurel was by Kelpie (imported) out of Evergreen, by Premier by Bessborough (imported). The University dons and undergradu ates, if they cannot boast of the prowess of their representatives in tbe football field, can certainly lay claim to first honours in the Victorian lacrosse world. Last week we had to chronicle the fact that Mr. Kenny had broken the world's record in throwing the ball for long dis tance, the measurement of his throw proving that the ball had travelled 148 yards 2 feet. This week we have to note that the University team have defeated the redoubtable South Melbourne players for the lacrosse premiership of Victoria. They met on the Pitzroy Ground on last Saturday afternoon, and after a deter mined struggle, in which splendid play was shown by both sides, the University were greeted as the winners by three goals to their opponents' nil. It is not too mneitto naym xfae praise of the victors that in point of skill they excelled their adversaries, »ho, we reckon, were tough lot. In addition to the premier ship, the University team have gained a handsome cup presented for competion by an old Bohemian player. The couple of goals obtained by " the gown " on Saturday completed a total of 60 goals thrown by them during the present season. Interest in lacrosse appears, judging by the attendance of spectators on Saturday, to be increasing with the public in this part of the world. These are but nine animals left to do battle for the Guineas at Caulfield on Saturday. They are, however, a pretty choice lot, consisting of the Hon. J. White's pair, Volcano and Tamarisk, Mr. D. Cooper's couple, Blairgowrie and Chesham, the Hon. TV. A. Long's Mad- delina, Sir W. J. Clarke's First Consul, the Tasmanian bred Gadfly (winner of the V.AT.C. bracelet), and the other two are Donald and Retort. Ownees were pretty busy with the pen yesterday in connection with the Toorak Handicap, to be ran at the V.AT.C. meeting on Satnrday. Several of those horses who did not run up to expectations in the Flat Race at Fleming- ton on Saturday, have been scratched. These include Claptrap, Kohai, Don Giovan, and Gardenia. Mb. H. Oxenhah, whose colours have not been frequently to the front of late, had a winning turn on Saturday at the Cumberland Hunt Club Races, held at RosehilL His mare Roobie, who was ridden by Captain Mackay, cleverly won the Hunt Stakes. At the same meeting Equity appropriated the Hurdle Race, and Julia Ann the Steeplechase. Fibst Pop was served up very warm for the Selling Race at Ballarat on Fri day, and as the horses headed for home it certainly looked a moral for the Caulfield trained mare ; but Carey, on Sir Charles, sitting down and riding vigorously, canght the favourite and won cleverly by a neck, Fernlea being next. On being submitted to auction, the son of Ida was bought in for 20 sovs; Thebb are fourteen acceptors for the Caulfield Great Foal Stakes, to be run on Satnrday. Abydos, who has never yet raced in public, is included in the num ber, as well as the New South Wales performer Yetman. Victoria is repre sented, amongst others, by Epicurean, Prattler, and Bedouin, and South Aus tralia by Perhaps and Hortense. The Hon. Jas. White has Pontifex Sumatra going for him The fillies again had all the best of it in the Sapling 8 takes — a handicap — at Flemington on Saturday. The winner. Mistletoe, ia a representative of the gentler aex as are also the three that finished behind her in the order named — Hortense, Harridan, and LiedertafeL The winner waa veiylfractious at the starting post. 