CHAPTER XL. A TENDER PLANT. " Gertrude," said Lord Castlemaine the next morning, laying down his paper when the servant had left the breasfaat-roorn, "ean you not try and be a little happier here ? You have lost all yoar gay spirits. I think yon are a little pale, and you are listless and sad Gin you not cast away all that is unpleasant in the paet, and ba happy ?'* "No, I cannot 1" said Gertrude, sharply. " And why not, Gertrude ?" " Baoause I have nothing to be happy about." " It seein3 to me, on the contrary, that you are one whom all can envy; health, youth, oeauty, fortune, position, home " " Prison, you mean," interrupted Gartrude. " You can fasten birds up in a cage, but you sannot make them sing there." " I am sorry if my home—if Neath Abbey, is a prison to you." " I hate Neath Abbey 1" cried Gertrude hotly. " Can I take you anywhere where you will be happier. Will you go to Switzerland? Or shall I tak9 you to our shooting lodge, up in the Highlands. You may like the eeenery there." *'I do not wish to be taken anywhere. It is the taking that I object to. You speak as if I were an infant or an idiot, and as a married woman I suppose legally I am the latter." " Gertrude, you surprise me 1 Why do yon cherish thtee feelings toward me." " Because you have uiven me the bitterest ocoasion. You took ms away from Lnnd n against my will, and as if I were a criminal i Everyone is wondering and talking. Agnes Seourton wrote me that there a thousand wonders over it, and Isabel savs she is weary Df answering questions about Lady Castle maine. You have disgraced ms, and deliber ately ruined my life. You could not have been more cruel. You said once, that you could be cruel to one you fondly loved. I must take the cruelty then as a proof that once you loved me, though it is a poor proof, and I would rather have lees love and less hate." " Believe me, Gertrude, I have loved you, I do love you with all my heart—with the whole strength of my nature." " And you prove it by making me miser able—causelessly miserable I I wish none of suoh love." The servant's return prevented further talk, and Gertrude hastened to her room to avoid continuance of the conversation. Lord Castlemaine told himself that this was the wilfulness cf a high-tempered girl, who was unused to any interference. By degrees the excitement and passion of her leaving London would be a thing of the past, and they would be reconciled. He had hoped that there being alone would draw them nearer together, and restore mutual confidence. It seemed to put them farther asunder. A third party would make it needful for them to speak mors together, and be more cordial than now. He would request Gertrude to invite friends. As for Gertrude, the short conversation in which she had so illy met her husband's pacific advances aroused to fresh heat all her auger. As she had said, she nourished an in tense hate of Neath. She hated the family relics, the armorial bearings, all that bespoke the antiquity of the line. She told herself that it was pride of pedigree that made Budolph so exacting; he felt that he could dominate her because " his family was better than hers." He had said so. What an insult 1 Of all things she hated the picture-gallery with the family portraits; she hated those dark, proud, self confident lords, every one looking as if he cried, " Castlemaine against the world 1" " It is just the story of th6 old French Bieur put into English I " cried Gertrude to herself. " There is the pope, and there is the king, but I am a Castlemaine! " But of all things she hated the portraits of the Ladie3 Castlemaine—those mild, delicate featured, meek Ladies Castlemaine. Some cf the earlier ones possibly had hardly knew how to read. M my of them for sole accomplish ments playing on the spinet, and working on the tacibour-frame ; but they had all known how to obey, and it was this feminine meek ness and weakness that had ruined the earls of Castlemaine. " Well, at last there should be & Lady Castle maine who would hold her own and fight to the death. ws#<-*•«—r- rr "ItwIbIi," Bh9 cried to them in lier iet7, " that yon would all come alive - ont of your frames jast one minute, to hear what idiots I think you, and let you know that I am a higher spirit than you. It would fea worth something even to disgrace the name of each a weak-minded line of countesses, not oaa of you able to claim your own soul icr your own 1 Gertrude's state of excitement was each that she did not fee the absurdity of this out burst to the family portraits. Sh3 was in a ssngalsrly ezaUei nervous state which she did not reatiza and the true cau3e of which eha did not guess. Unfortunately, the only reason that Lord Castiemaine could assign for his wife's con tinued anger and obstinacy was tbe lingering regret for Colonel Lsnnox. He was of an in tensely jaaloas disposition, and he had heard people say that Colonel Lennox was a msn singularly fascinating to most wosic-a, and able to exsrc;se over them the most unbounded influence. The idea that Colonel Lsnnox had dared to follow hia wif e to B ith! E ran though he accepted Gertrude's statement that slis had nothing to do with it, it showed c;early that the colonel was sufficiently interested to watch all her movements, and thit ha had felt con fident of a good reception at her hands. Still, Gertrude wa3 hia wife; he loved her well. Things might go back to nearly the cid tender footing, if she would lay aside her piqaa and treat him S3 in happy days. She vrasgailiy only of heedlessness, the fo'ly of innocence and inex perience. He mist close up the breash bat wean them at all hazard. G.ittrude was sitting in otss of ioa lor.;;, open windows of the Neath drawing-room, looking upon, the terrace, her hands in her lap, her head Leaned back against the crisnscn chair-cushion. Lard Castiemaine e%nxe up be hind her and laid in her lap two heavy bunches of whits rose3. '■ See, Gertrude, year vzn flowers I Ws shall grow famous for our rcsss soon. John son thinks he cin produce a new variety, the very crown or whits roses. We will call it the 4 White Oisiferasi^e.'" '• Why, yoa have no flowers on your dres3, as yr.;i usually have I" " Flowers are ior the happy." " But I wish you to be happy, Gertrude." "Ye*, in your way; but happiness is not made to crdtr." " At kast you cm wear so mi flowers 1 Sc-e, I will arrange yoa a cluster for your belt." He began breaking off an combining the Sowers, and then bent to put the fall cluster in its place. Gertrude soS-red him to do it, bat onlv as one who condone?. When ha hv3 finished, she said : " I don't love flowers as ones I did; ih% odcr is too heavy, it cverpowers me," a: d fhe pushed the remaining blossoms from her lap. " Gertrude," said L^rd Castiemaine, ignor ing this. Suppose we have some one invited to the abbey. I am away about the estate a great deal, and you seem not to care about horseback riding as ycu onee did; you are lonely : why not invite some friends." " It is your home," e&id; Gertrude, coldly; " invite whom you choose." " But I want the company as you choose," said Lord Castlemsins."" It Is for your s=&kp;, I was very happy last year, when wa were here alone; but now I thick yon need some one to amuse yon." " Understand," said Gertrude, clearly, " that I will invite no one here. You h&va; found much fault with my choice of acquaint ances, and have asserted a right to give ma orders as to how I eJ^li treat people that I meet. If I should asji any one, it might chance that ycu were not* pleased, and I should expose guests to unpleasantness." "You have never found me lacking in courtesy or hospitality. When we agree upon a guest, you kn-ow my house and atten tion are at their disposition." " When ws cgree," said Gertrad?. " Th&t; is, I may go to you, and eay; ' Do you per mit me to ask such a ono? May I make such a friend ? Mey I eps&k; to ibis one ?' Ciearly, then, I make no friends, and give no invitations on such teim?."' "Gertrude, why will yoa misunderstand me ? You know I never, bat in one instance, interfered in the slightest degree with your social life. And that was where ir.terferecea was imperatively needful, and where- I was in a much better position to judge than yGu were. Colonel L^nncx was a very bad man." " Yes, & wretched parvenue, lacking, as I do, some fifty known aaceetors in a straight line behind him. However, I prefer not to discuss Colonel Lennox with you. By yonr jealousy, in London, you bsve rcs.de me a mark for envious tongues. We should never agree on that question; why continue it ? Among all my faults, I have one virtue. I hate ell censoriousness and uncharitable speaking cf those who are cot at hand to de fend themselves." She rose, and stepped out en. the balcony. The moon bad risen and flooded the abbey gardens with silver light. Johnson, the head gardener, was passing a broad walk. " Johnson 1" cried Lady Castiemaine, •' you told me that the true time to see the American ineca waa by moonlight; you may now show it to me." She ran down the Sight cf steps and joined the gardener, who, respectfully stepping a few paces behind her, indisatcd the way to tb9 new flower, which was that eutamer hia chief pride. Sick at heart anl restless in soul, Lord Castiemaine also went down the terrace and followed at a distance. Ilis wife made him unspeakably miserable, yet he could not endure to have her out of bi3 sight. The fact was, Gertrude had loved Rudolph Castiemaine with all her heart, aa her first love; but hers was untutored, untried girl's heart, and though Rudolph had never loved before, he was older, and of more settled and experienced emotions, and his lovo for his wife was far more intense and deeply rooted than hers for him. Lady Castiemaine and her gardner turned to a narrow path, and camo to the American Yucca. It grew alone, is a small circle edged with a close cut border cf thickly growing artillery plant. Within this circle of smoky, flirse- fiecked green ross the yucca in a basket Sve feet in diameter of wida green leaves bent back one above the other, until their sharp points touched the earth from which they grew. Out of this natural ba&ket; shot tha shaft of the plant to a height of eight feet, and this shaft for fully five feet was a ruEfa of snow-white bloom—great bells, as if carved of alabaster, the lower flower-stems feeing iba longest and most heavily laden, until tbe whole waa a pyramid of pearl-white beauty Hooded by the white light of the moon. " Saw youever tbe like, my lady ?" cried the ecstatic Johnson. " I did net wish you to see it until every flower bell was open, and here it stands alone under the moon, like a great white ghost, or a beantifnl ppirst—a white angel of flowers in the midst cf tha garden." "You are poetic, Johnson," said Lady Castiemaine. " Eh, my lady ? Well, it is just a Bight to stir a man's soul. And, my lady, standing back here as I am, I cannot tell you how much your ladyship is like the flower. In your white gown, my lady, and with your height, standing there so still, you are just like the yucca, my lady." " Thanks for the compliment, Johnson," said Lady Castiemaine. I wonder if, in years to come, when the yucca blooms, I shall come here to see it, and you will 6ti*l think me like the flower." " May the Lord send you many years to come into the garden, my lady. Bat for thia yucca—at least, here in England—when it has given one such perfect bloom as this, it never blooms again." (To be Continued.) 