CHAPTER XL. A TEXDSB: "Gertrude;" said Lord Gastlemaiine the next morning, laying down hia paper when ihe servant had Hi the breakfast-room, "can you not try and be a little happier here ? You oave lost all your gay spirits. I think you ire a little pale, and you are listless and sad Cm you not oast away all that is unpleasant in the past; and bo happy ?'*. "No, I cannot!" said Gertrude, sharply. " And why not, Gartrude ?" "BaoauEC I have "nothing, to be happy about.'^ : "It seems to ma, on the contrary, th^t you are one whom all can envy; health, youth, oeauty, fortune, position, home--" ." Prison, you mean," interrupted JGbrtrude. .'Ton can fasten birds up in a cage, but yoai sannot make them sing there." . " I am sorry if my home-if Neath Abbey, is a priso.n to you." v . "1 hate Noath Abb>y 1" cried Gertrude hotly. ." Can I take yon anywhere where you will ba happier. Wi'l yoa go. to S vitzerland ? Or shall I tak9 sou to our shooting lodge, up in the Highlands. Yyu may like tho scenery '.here." ? . " I do hot wish to be tulicn anywhere. It is the taking that I object to. You speak as if I were an infant or an idiot, and as a married-woman I supposo legally. 1 am the latter." " Gertrude, you Eurpriso me! Why do you cherish thsee feelings toward inc." "Beoauseyou have given me the bitterest occasion. Yon took me away from Land n against my will, and as if I were a criminal! Everyone is wondering and talking. Agnes Scourton wrote me that there a thousand wonders over it, and Isabel says she i3 weary of antwaring questions about Lady Castle maine. You have disgraced me, and delibsr ately ruined my life. You could not hav( been more cruel. Ycu said onc2, that you could b9 crnel to ono yon fondly loved. 3 must take the cruelty then as a proof thsi once you loved me, though it is a poor proof, and I would rather have less love and less hate.' " Believe me, Gertrude, I have lovtd you,) do love you with all my heart-with the whol strength of my nature." " Aid you prove it by making me miser able- causelessly miserable 1 I wish none of such love." The servant's return prevented further talk, and Gertrude hastened to her room to avoid continuance of tho conversation.' . _ Lord Castlemaina told himself that this was the wilfulness of a high-tempered girl, who was unused to any inteiference. B; degrees the excitement and passion of hei 'eaving London would be a thing of the past and they would be reconciled. ? He had hoped that there being alone would Iraw them nearer together, and restore mutual confidence. It seemed to put thera farther asunder. A third party would make it needful for them to speak more together, and be more cordial than now. He would request Gertrude to invite friends. ... _ As for Gertrude, the short conversation it whioh. she had so illy met her, husband't pac'fic advances aroused to.fresh heat, all he* anger. As she had said, she nourished an in ^ense hate of N^ath. She hated the familj -elics, the armorial bearins?, all that bespokt the antiqaity'of the line. She told herself tha< it was pride of pedigree that made Rudolpb 10 exacting; he felt that ho could dominate ier because " bis family was better than hera."" 3e had said so. Wtiat an insult! Of all ihing* ah8 hated the picture-gallery with the family portraits; she hated those dark, proud sslf confident lords, every one locking as if he cried, " Castlemaine against the world I " It is just the story of the old French sieur put into English ! " cried Gartrude to herself. " There is fha pope, and there is the king, but [ana Castlemaine!" Bat of all things Bhe hated the portraits of sh9 Lidies Castlemaine-those mild, delicate featured, meek Ladies Castlemaine. Some ol the earlier ones possibly had hardly knew how to read. Miny of. them for sole accomplish ments playing on the spinet, and working on she tambour-frame ; but they had all known how to ob9y, and it wa3 this feminine meek ness and weakness ihat had luined the earls of Castlemaine. - " Well, at last there should be a Lady Caatle naine who would hold her own and fight to <he death, " I wish," she cried to them in her tur7, !' that you would all come alive oat of^your' frames jast one minute,4o hear' what idiita I think yon, and le$ you know that I am' a higher spirit than you. It would be worth ' something even to disgracc the name of en-jh a weak-minded line of countesses, not on i of you able to claim your own .euul for your ownl" ' > ', Gertrude's state of excitement was each that she did not aso the absurdity of this out burst to the family portrait?. Sh9 was' in a singularly eicited nrrvoug stato. which'' she did not realize and'tbe tru3 eauso o.f- which she did not gua=3. -" -- J . vi Unfortunately, the only rea3cn:4n^.Lwd Castlemaine could assign for his AvikVcon tinusd anger and obstinacy was the lirgirins? regret lor Colonel Ljnnox. : III wa3 o! Mi, in-x tensely joalous disposition, and hie had. heard peoplo say that Colonel Lennox" was a tnin singularly fascinating to most women-, and able to exsroiso over thsm the most unbounded, influence. The idea that Colonel Lennox had dared to follow his wife to Bith I Even though he acospted Gertrude's atatemeSt that she had nothing to do with it, it showed clearly that the colonel was suQioicntly interested" to watch all her movemanta, and that he had felt con fident of a good recaption at hor hands. S:ill, Gartrude wasMiis wife; he lovai her wcll.^ Things might go baak to nearly tho old tender footing, if she would lay aside her pique and treat him &3 in happy days. She wa3guilty only. of heedlessness, the folly ofinnoce^oeanditfex-:-, perience. Hemast close up the breach between them at all hazard. Gertrude was sitting in one of the long, open windows of tho Naath drawibg- room, looking upon the terrace, her hands in her lap, her head leaned .back against the crimson chair-cushion. Lord Castlemaine came up be hind her and laid in her lap ttfo heavy bunches of white roses. "See, Gartrude, yotit own flowers l'-Wa. shall grow famous for our rosea soon. John-: son thinks he can produce a new variety, the very crown of white roses. W3 will.oall it the ' White Csstfemaine.'" ' . " Why, you have no flowers on your dress,, as you usually have 1" s . ;-/ - " Flowers are for the happy." . f 11 But I wish you to be happy, Girtrude." - "Yea, in your way; but happiness is not; made to order." " At least you can waar somj'floweral.Sae,^ I will arrange you a cluster for your belt." - He began breaking oC an combining-th9 flowers, and then bent to put the fall cluster ia it3 place. Gartrude snffared him to do ty. but only as one who condjne?.. Wncn hd : hid finished, Rbe said : "I don't love flowers a3 once I did; tho odor is .too heavy, it overpowers me," and she pushed the remaining blossoma from her *aP* *.' Gertrude," said Lord Castlemaine, ignor ing this. Suppoee we have some one invited to the abbey. I am away about the estate a great deal, and you eeem not to cara about horseback riding as you oace did; you ara lonely: why not invite eome friend?." " It is your home," said Gertrude, coldly; " invite whom you choose." . " But I want the company as yen choose," said Lord Castlemaine. " It is for your Bak<y I was very happy "lftfifc-yeaiy here alone; but now I think you need gome one to amuse you." " Understand," said Gertrude, clearly,, " that I will invite no one here. You hsvd found much fault with ray choice of acquaint? ' ances, and have asserted a right to give ma orders a3 to how I treat peoplo that I meet. If I Ehould asu any one, it might chance that you were not pleased, and I, should expose guests to unpleasantnesf." "You have never found me lacking in courtesy or hospitality. When we agreo upon a guest, you kniiw my house and atten tion are at their disposition." - .; '" When we agree," said Gertrud?. " That ia, I may go to you, and say; ' Dj you per mit me to ask such a one ? May I make suoh a friend? May I speak to thi3one?' .Clearly, then, I make no friends, and give no invitations on such term?." _ "Gertrude, why will you misunderstand me? You know I never, but in one instance, interfered in the slightest degree with your Bocial life. And that was whore, inteiierenao was imperatively needful, and ^vheie I was in a much better position to jn3go than yon were. Colonel L?ancx was a Very bad man." "Yes, a wretched parvenne, lacking, r-31 do, eome fifty known ancestors in a straight line behind him. However, J prefer not to discuss Colonel L?nnox with you.. By your jealousy, in Loudon, you hove made me a mark for enviou3 tongues. We Ehould never agree on that question; why continue" it ? Among all my faults, 1 have one virtue. I bate all censoriousnesa and uncharitable speaking of those who are not at hand to de fend themselves." , She rose, and stepped out on the balcony, The moon had risen and flooded the abbey gardens with silver light. Johnson, tho h?ad gardener, was passing ft broad walk. " Johnson!" cried Lady Castlemaine, ''yon told me that the true time to seethe American Yucca was by moonlight; you may how show it to me." She ran down the flight of steps and joined the gardener, who, reepectfully stepping- a few paces behind her, iudioated tho way to the new flower, which waa that Euinmer hia chief pride. Sick at heart end restlres in soul, Lord Castlemaine also went do-sn tha terrace and followed at a distance. His wife made him unspeakably miserable, yet ho could not endure to have her out of his sight. The fact was, Gertrude had loved Rudolph Castlemaine with all her heart, as her first love; bntherBwas untutored, untried girl's heart, and though Rudolph hed never loved before, he was older, and of more settled and experienced emotions, and his love for his wifo; was far more intense and deeply rooted than hers for him. .v Lady Castlemaine and her gardner turned to a narrow path, and came to the American^ Yucca. Tt grew alone, in a small circle edged with a close cut border of thickly growing artillery plant. Within this circle of smoky, flame-flecked green rose the yucca in a basket five feet in diameter of wide gteeu leaves bent baok one above the other, until their" Bbarp points touched the earth from whioh, they grew. Out of this natural baskot shot -tho ahaffl of the plant to a height of eight feet, and this ehaffc for fally five feet was a mass of snow-white bloom-great bells, as if carved of alabaster; the lower flower-stems being tho longest and most heavily laden, until .the whole was a pyramid of pearl-white beauty flooded by the white light of the moon. v " Saw you ever the like, my lady ?" oried the ecstatic Johnson. " I did not wish" yoa to see it until every flower-bell was open% and here it stands alone under the moon, like a great white ghost, or a beautiful spirit-a white angel of flpwera in the midst o£ tha garden." ."You are poetio, Johnson," said Lady Castlemaine. " Eh, my lady ? Well,- it is just a sight 'to stir a man's Boul. And, my lady, standing back here as I am, I cannot tell you how much -your ladyship ia like the flower. In your white gown, my lady, and with yonr height, standing there ec still, you are just like the yucca, my lady." "Thanks for the compliment, Johnson," said Lady Castlemaine. "I wonder if,. in years to come, when the yucca blooms, I shall come here to see it, and you will st? I think me like the flower;" "May the Lord send you many years to come into the garden, my lady. But for thia yucca-at least, here in Bogland-when it has given one suoh perfeot bloom as this, it never blooma ^ omtitated.) 461. 