Chapter X.—An Unexpected Meeting. On Sunday morning a bird-catcher on the hunt for '"feathered-headed" warblers who could detect no difference in the song of the decoy from the fresh wild notes of liberty, came upon the dead body of a gentleman not far from the well-known hostelry called Jack Straw's Castle. First he saw a horse browsing in one of the little adjoining valleys. Half a mile further on he saw a brougham, partly on the bridle path at the back of the. tavern, and partly in a furze bush; and close by lay the dead body of a gentleman, cold and stiff. It was in evening" dress. The clothes were wet. A crushed hat, and a bottle labelled " essential oil of almonds" were_ lying by its side, and on the bottle was written, " John Needham, Esq., M.P., Portland - place." Near the brougham was a silver spirit flask, with "John Needham" engraved upon it together with a crest. It contained essential oil of almonds, and there was still left in the other bottle a considerable quantity of the deadly drug. The birdcatcher, relinquishing business for the day, went to the inn and roused the landlord. It was a glorious summer morn ing. The thunderstorm of the preceding night had freshened the earth and cleared the atmosphere. Hampstead Heath was a picture of beauty, the air full of sweet perfumes, and the sun was flooding the landscape with a soft and tender light. Assistance being procured, and the police duly introduced into the affair, the body was removed to Hampstead Workhouse, where it awaited the coroner's inquest. It lay there in the deadhouse, while the murderer was travelling comfortably enough to Liverpool. The train stopped too frequently, however, for his perfect satisfaction. It made him feel lonely and strange to see people greeting each other, coming and going, exchanging Sunday visits. He was almost the only first-class passenger. He had brought the dispatch box into his carriage, and lor the first two hours of his jomney he read many of the papers and letters and memoranda which it contained. Then he turned to the newspapers again and read over the on dit relating to himself, and for the publication of which he was glad, seeing that it would help to prepare the public for the discovery on Hamp stead Heatn. Had it been discovered? he asked himself, and answering it at the same time. Of course it had. How? By whom? What had they done with it? Taken it to Portland- place? Would the affair be in to morrow's papers? When would he see to morrow's papers ? Had he left any detail of the business unconsidered? Did anybody know that Norbury had called on him ? Had anybody noticed the likeness between them ? Had Norbury told his lawyer that he was to call on Mr. Needham? What would it matter if he had ? Supposing they made en quiries about Norbury? They would only learn that he came in late, had been in the country, and had gone to Liverpool. Was there anything odd in Norbury'sconduct? No. He paid his bill, gave a receipt for the money they had taken care of for him; did not forget his unpacked trunk in the hall. But they might want him as a witness; they might send to Liverpool after him. Could they do it in time to stop his sailing? Yes, that troubled him; and as he alighted from the train towards evening he received a rude shock. " How do you do, Needham?" said a gentle man on the platform. "I thought I was the only man who felt obliged to travel on Sun days." " I beg your pardon," said Needham with a real stammer, an exaggeration of his cus tomary slight hesitation of manner, "you have the advantage of me," "Mr. Needham, is it not?" said the other. " Mr. John Needham, surely I cannot be mis taken." " You are, sir; my name is Norbury." "I beg your pardon," said the other, "my name is Green—Wilfred Green. I am the member for Harwood, and I could have sworn you were a colleague of mine." "You honor me," said Needham; "I have never aspired to a seat in Parliament." "I beg your pardon," said the stranger again, Needham smiled, took off his hat, and moved away. "Curse him !" he muttered between his teeth; "I always hated him—the jabbering idiot! What will he say when he reads the papers to-morrow ?" What did he say ! When he read of the dis covery of the body he rubbed his hands with pleasure. Not that be disliked Needham, but because he was a spiritualist, one of_ the first active, talking, and writing spiritualists of the modern revival of an otherwise superannuated superstition; and he believed he had seen Needham's materialised spirit on its travels. He suddenly remembered that he and Need ham had not many weeks previously had a long conversation of a psychological and Biblical character, m which Needham had_ ex pressed his entire belief in the Biblical visions and in ghosts, and had confessed that he saw no reason why the nineteenth century should be deprived of spiritual intercourse with those who had gone before them to the spirit- land. Mr. Wilfred Green, M.P., wrote a letter to the Times stating that it might be more than a coinci dence, the appearance unto him at Liverpool on Sunday of John Needham; and he sug gested several curious psychological explana tions of the same. It might have been an optical effort of the mind or a communication from the spirit world; John Needham's per sonality might for the moment have been un consciously assumed by another for spirit pur poses ; but he left the fact to the learned and the scientific, contenting himself with setting them forth. And for several days the learned and scientific "gave him fits," to quote a popular if vulgar phrase, while one very imaginative and sensational journalist hinted that if Green had seen anybody it was really John Needham, and that the body upon which the inquest had sat was a " spurious corpse." These and other strange circumstances set up in the sensitive mind of Kate Norbury a great and dreadful fear." 