turf topics and anticipations. bv asmoiseus. Tho executive o£ tho Australian Jockey Club can fairly ho congratulated on tho successful issuo of afTairs at Bandsviclc during tho con- tinuanco of the Spring Mooting. All tho essen- tial olamonts of a pleasant reunion svero forth coming, even unto tho uniform success of tho favorites, and, judging of tho mournful tales told by tlio book makers tho generality of back ers must havo experienced an "exceptionally agreeable timo of it. The unearthing of a clink ing three-year-old in Trident and the oxcellonco of the racing svero distinotivo features of tho campaign. Tho former's performances over all distances left no doubt regarding his immense superiority. Ho worthily omulated tho deeds of his lato Btable associate Kordonfeldt, and in so - doing tie displayed greater brilliancy than (ho Maorilandcr, whose suporior as an all round performer, tho son of Robinson Crusoo bids fair to prove himself, if, indeed, ho has not already done so. . It is no thing but Mi-. White's proverbial fondness for contemporaneous running families, regardless of any personal scruples on tho score of brood ing, that enabled him to become possessed of the promising brother to Navigator. Ho had sutforod a grievous disappointmont tho preced ing year with Sogonhoe, and it was only on tho eve of Bargo's Derby defeat that Mr. Whits had Trident knocked down to Mm at auction for 800 guineas. Mr.: Da Mcstro had previously re fused tho sainsgentleraan's offorof 1500 guineas ; and a few days after Rnfus hejd won the Derhy Mr. Morris -Jacobs tendered the proprietor of Kirkham COO guineas on Uls bargain. Trident's 2-year-old performances wore not of a charac ter to warrant tho anticipation of the long lead he has already taken over other horses of his year. Mnddelina badly beat him on the only two occasions tliey crossed each other's path st Flemlngt6n,'and Gentility likewise dofeatod him on oven' terms over a . mile in tho last race ho ran as a 2-year-old. . His initial effort at weight for age in the Christinas Gift at Randsvick was, | however, a meritorious performance, as also 1 svas his defeat of Tamarisk, Sty Lord, Chesham, Acme, Gentility and kellovr Jacket in tho A.J.U. Sires' Produce Stakes. Yet his best efforts caused Mr. Barnard to justly estimate him a pound inferior to Blairgowrie in the Melbourne Cup classification. In addition to having im proved moro than any horse of his age, thero is strong reason to believe that Trident inherits iu a large degree tho staying powers so character istic of both his famous brother and his equally celebrated Bire, than whom no gamer horse over carried a Baddlo. The form shosvn by Volcano, Tamarisk and Neophyte tends to illustrate tho immense strength of Mr. White's 3-year-old team, and had tho stable not chosen to exposo their hand with tho chestnut it is tolerably certain that an excellent substitute would havo been found in Volcano, whose triumph over Blairgowrie, Tamarisk and My Lord in tho Foal Stakc3 proved his ability to successfully accomplish tho several tasks allotted to his more aspiring stable com panion. With two such clipping colts Mr. Whito must necessarily hold a heavy lion on, not only the Derby and two St. Legate, but also tho Molbourno Cup, Champion Raco and other weight for ago races to ho hereafter de cided at both Flcmington and Randwick. Next to Mr. White's pair, tho 3-year-olds which took part at the late meeting aro much of a class, and on present form there is but little to choose between Blairgowrie, Kingfisb, Aly Lord, Lord William, CrosBfire and Tamarisk, Crossfire ran a dead heat ovor a milo and a half of ground on separate occasions against both Lord Wil liam- and Tamarisk, which facts place the - trio on much of an equality. My Lord and Bravo each distinguished himself in handicap company, and though they may not ho inferior to their rivals in the matter of pace their other respective efforts placed both at a disadvantage iu point of stamina. Blairgowrie was perhaps tho most disappointing of all tho three-year-olds, and his failure in the Foal Stakes rendered corrobora tive proof of his Derby running. Ho is a colt likely to be greatly served by time, however, and it is quite on the cards that ho will appear to more advantage tosvards tho fall of the season. By winning tho Great Metropolitan Stakes Bohemian appropriated the highest handicap honors of tho meeting, though in point of merit ha was closely pressed by tho Nmv Zealand bred maro, Industry, who is tho only daughter of the defunct Muskot who has Bhown any apti tude to gallop on tho Australian turf. Bo hemian has now dispellod all erroneous notions respecting his ability to stay, still it is a singular fact that nono of the Cauifiold trainers thought him capable of bringing tho big prize to Victoria. Thoy all pronounced him a non-stayer. Lazy horses, however, are good stayers as a rule, and Bohemian is another case in point- In the3edays of keen touting the wonder is that Jones worked the oraclo so well as to doceivo tho numerous saeants who keep tho Caulfield course under their watchful eye. In this respect he is to bo complimented on tho success of his efforts. Tho other arrange ments in connection . with tho Bohemian coup svero equally well devised, and the native strategists were forcibly reminded that tho Vic torian turf 13 not without its tacticians who are even equal to annihilating the machinations of an astuto turf general like tho veteran Mayo, who doubtless flattered himself in the possession of ono of his periodically " good thiDgs " in The Jesvei, who appears to have been born under an unlucky star. At Hawkesbury it was ill fortune enough to knock up against suob a daisy as Meteor, but with the last named out of the waynt Randwick Mr. Mayo's experience was still further aggravated by coming into contact with tho survey party who had planned ont the Bohemian line of attack. It is the last straw that bends the camel's back, and when Tho Jewel for tho third timo in suc cession had to put up with second honors, in the Sydney Handicap, his ownor'soupof dis appointment was complete. In the la9t named event The Jewel rendered a great exposure of form svith 8 St. 11 lb. in tho saddio j and seldom or never has tho Maitland sportsman revealed a long prosorved dark 'un to le33 ad vantage. His judgment and patience were de serving of a hotter resvnrd, and Mr. Mayo is not without his sympathisers. Follow sympathy however, does not make any tangible amends towards recouping the frustration of design, expectation and hops such as that entailed in connection with Tho Jewel episode, and Mr. Mayo is happily ono of thoso turf bronzed subjects who can dispense with the solacious concomitant referred to.. Mr. Mayo appears to havo made ono great mistake with the son of Goldsbrough and Ida, and that was in omitting to nominate him for tho Caulfleld and Molbourno Cups, in both of which ovents ho would havo beeu treated with sufflciont leniency to give him an opportunity ot atoning for bis Hawkesbury and Randwick defeats. Tho two-year-olds did not force theirpresenoa to any great extent at the recent mooting, more for want of opportunity than ought olse, as tho only events set apart for them were the Rioh- mond Stako3 and Two-year-old .Plato. Tho first uamod race of course attraoted tho crime of tho juvenile talent, and Matador showed that tho addition of a 7 lb. penalty prevented him ropeatiug his previous-: victory over Yotman, whose two successful ventures out of three trios proves the Julian Avcncl colt to be among the foremost of those who havo made their debut. It is to bo regrotted that neither Yetman nor Matador are engaged in tho Marlbyrnong Plato. The firstnamod is, however, an acceptor for the Caulfleld Foal Stakes, and with Sumatra, Pontifox, Christine, Abydos and Miranda also in the list there will bo no lack of youthful invadors shortly on view at the Heath. Mr. "White has not opened so auspiciously with his 2-year- olds as he did with Aomo last year. He, nevertheless, possesses > a promising fiUy in Sumatra, who may bo cqnal to avenging her recent defeat In some of tho succeeding events of tho season. Palmyra's sister, Miranda, Is another that may yet atone forthe veil of ill' fortune which at presont envelopes tho Messrs. Cooper's stable; and in Eckersloy Mr. Long owns a youngster who bids fair to demonstrate his superiority. Coraloe, tho winner of the Two-year-old Plate, does every credit to her siro John Bull, but it took her all her time to reach home in advance of tho South Australian bred filly La Valliere, by Darriwcll from La Naine. Amongst tho successful sires represented at tho meeting Robinson Crusoe can justly lay claim to the chief honors with Trident, whose victories in tho Derby, the Craven and Rand wick Plates promoted him head and shoulders abovo all other competitors. Chester took high rank with Volcano, Tamarisk and Neophyte, as also did Grand Flaneur, svho likesvise claimed a trio of 3-year- old winners in Lord William, Corday and Bravo. Goldsbrough was not be hind with Crossfire and Zeno, and Musket's name was kept green by three separate vic tories on tho part of Industry, who proved her self ono of tho most consistent performers at the meeting. Maribymong maintained his great reputation through tho medium of Bohemian, and the remaining 6ircs suc cessfully represented were Gemma di Vergy (Caloola), Epigram (My Lord), Julian Avenol (Yotman), Sir Arthur (Faloon), Ilingsbrough (Kathleen), John Bull (Coralee), Rougny (Javelin), Slandorer (Tho Agent), and Tubal Cain (Corioianus). Hales and Ellis tied for tho leading place amongst the jockoys, with four wins each ; then followed Collev and Williams, with two victories apiece. Tho fol lowing each gained a winning -mount: — Huxley, M'Grath, Steeper, Nerriker, Simmons, Kelso, Robertson, Campbell, Talbot, Gallagher, Keighran, Regan, Fiddes and Bence. It is something of a coincidence that 6uch efficient horsemen as tho two Goughs, M'Grade, Mooro and Williamson went through the four days' racing without securing a win ning bracket. O'Brien and Craoknell were conspicuous by thoic absence. Tho stakes won at tho meeting amounts to no loss a sum than £9181, and once more docs Mr. Jas. Whito stand a long way above all others as tho principal winner, his cheque being for £2720 10s. Mr. T. Jones comes next with £1140, and then follows in order Messrs. W. A. Long, £705 ; E. Eagar, £618 ; J. R. Smith, £585; W. and J. Lee, £370; A. Halyard, £318 ; H. E. Lord, £300 ; G. Osborne, £292 ; J. Phillips, £277; T. Daly, £236; J. D. Robertson, £241 ; G. Edmondson, £196 ; W. R. Royds,£192; J. Mayo, £150; J, Monaghan, £125 ; D. Boufiier, £125 ; D. Cooper, £100 ; T. Sampson, £100 ; W. Cooper, £70 ; A. E. Cornsvoli, £50 ; Mathews and Sons, £50 ; Vf. J. Forrester, £50; P. Flood, £50; J. Stook- ton, £30 ; W. H. Mercer, £25 ; S. Martin, £25 ; R. K. Maitland, £25 ; John Eales, £25. On Saturday next Cauifiold wiH-be en /etc on the occasion of tho inaugural 6pring celebra tions, and the lessons taught at both Hawkes bury and Randwick are readily being applied 111 the endeavor to unravel the more knotty 'problems to bo discussed at the Heath. The Great Foal Stakes, Guineas and Cauifiold Cup are the ovents which at present exercise the public mind. Yetman, the Ricbmond Stakes horo, is nominated for tho first named contest, and the strength of the invading contingent will be farther reinforced by Sumatra, Miranda, Pontifcx, Christine and Abydos on the part of New South Wales, and by Perhaps and Hor- tense on behalf of South Australia. The com bined allies will thus pat forward a formidable front, to successfully oppose which Epicurean is our main hope from amongst those per formers who have revealed themselves this soason. The Gon of Darriivoll and Aiethe figured promisingly on the occasion of his only appearance at Caulfield, wheuhe ran second to Sunshade, but it is doubtful whether ho will be able to cope victoriously against a thrice tried performer like Yotman, whose credentials are of the highest order. Although Mr. White has not thought fit to accept svith Trident for to Guineas, ho promises to make the presence of tho bluo and whito bannor keenly felt through the medium of either Volcano, Tama risk, or Acme. Shonld Mr. Long elect to op pose tho pick of the Kirkham team with Maddelina, enthusiasm in tho con test would thoreby bs considerably heightened, while Blairgowrie, Chesham, nnd Lord William would likewise contribute to tho general interost manifested in the race. I am afraid the Victorian opposition will not prove more menacing than promised in tho Foal Stakes, for such moderate performers as Mun- wyrtina, Donald, Retort, Riohworth, Gadfly, Dividend, Mainsail, & c., can possess but faint chances of making even a decent fight against the invaders. While on this snbjoct I would remind thoso interested in both tho Foal Stakes and Guineas candidates that tho forfeit of 5 sovs. requires to bo declared and paid to tho V. A. T. C. sooretary before 4 p.m. on Tuesday noxt, or nominators will be liable for tho whole sweepstakes, 15 sova each. Turfites havo not beon slow to speculate on tbe degree of influence whioli tho Hawksbury and Randwiok running is estimated to bear on the Cauifiold Cup. The prospects of tho candi dates which appear to bo most prejndieially offocted thereby are thoso of Cerise and Blue, Mackay, St. John, The Orphan and Astroea,- noither of which would seem to possess a ohance of landing the big prize on the strength of their recent performances. Meteor's increase of weight to 8 st. 4 lb., coupled with tho gruelling to which he was subjected iu the Woltor Handicap, does not omen favorably for the vastly improved son of St. Albans, who, had he kept all right, would have proved a very dangerous candidate. Bohemian hns 20 lb. more than he carried to victory in the Metro politan, and as he will encounter fresher and better horses than those whioh opposed him at Randwick, I am not favorably disposed towards him. Zeno has only 3 lbs more to. cany than ho won tho Epsom Handicap with, but he is raised 10 lb. on his Metropolitan impost, and, as ha oat an indifferent figure in that race, I fail to know that he has any prior claims to distinguish himself in the Caulfield struggle. Corday could only get third in tbe Sydney Han- | dicap with 7 st. 11 lb., and as her Cup weight is but 3 lb. lighter, I likewise refuse to recon cile myself to the opinion that she can have a first class look in ; neither am I favorably in clined tosvards Burriida after his Hawkesbnry Handicap failure. Local rather than foreign influences promise to play the most prominent part in foreshadowing the probabilities of the Caulfield Cup. The serious stoppage in his preparation has materially interfered with Silrormine's prospects of success, hut the market indicates slight symptoms of return ing convalesence, and Foulsbam'3 charge has quite a healthy ring. Ben Bolt also has emerged as bright as a star from under the dark cloud which temporarily en veloped him, and his market status is such as to inspire the utmost confidence. His train ing operations are also of a satisfactory character, the touts being enamored of him almost to a man. Thero can be no ignor ing the fact that tho Queensland bred horse is beautifully handicapped at 7 st. 6 lb. for a so thoroughly matured 5-year-o!d, whose per formances at Randwick last midsummer were of exceptional merit. After being placed to Tcmpe in both the Summer end Tattersall's Club Cups, he eventually turned tho tables on Mr. "White's filly in the Carrington Stakes at a difference of 11 lb., a record that cannot be too highly estimated. But for the Btable preference, evinced for Ben Bolt, I would bo inclined to favorably counten ance Chuckster's claims at 7 st; 7 lb., inasmuch as I regard hnn to be tho best handicapped horse of the entire fleet. His gamcuess and constancy are also strong points in his favor. Probably he may be too advanced into the sere and yellow to render a display of his best form, but should be chance to re-appear in the same trim as when he ran second to Fryingpan in the Victorian Club Cup (1 mile) at a dif ference of only 6 lb., tho veteran ought to take an immensity of beating. It will, never theless, be difficult to reconcile oneself to Chuckster as long as the adherents of Kelly's stable declare in favor of Ben Bolt, who has a capital trial nag in the aged son of Infidel. It would not surprise me to hear of a sudden de monstration in favor of Mozart, whom I regard as a genuine rod in pickle, and who will prove hard to shif tprovided the Kingston division mean business. Coronot would ben dangerous customer at 8 st. 7 lb. were he well, but his inflamed feet continue to cause trouble, and I doubt whether Wilson will be ablo to bring him to the post in possession of the true Dosvliug Forest bloom Britisher, .8 st. 2 lb., will probably be tbe chief hope of tho Ballarat people, though, for my own part, I entertain 110 great fancy for him. Littlo John's creditable display at Geelong, when he defeated Meteor at a concession of 8 lb., must necessarily invest him svith a big say in tbe settlement of affairs Quintin Jfatsep, Sir Launceiot, Lesbia, Now York, Moatmore, Boolka and Im pulse, also appear to hold advantageous posi tions in the handicap, but the aspect of affairs, may undergo considerable change by tho time the final forfoits are announced, and until then thcro is no necessity for committing myself to any hard and fast opinions on the probable issue of events. The first batch ot handicaps iu connection with the Caulfield meeting were issued at tho commencement of tho week, the merits of svhich have since beon freely discussed. Tho policy of publishing the weights for the events uuder notice pending the result of tho Hunt Club Meeting is open to question. Tho conditions certainly provide that the winner of any handi cap (including Hurdle Races and Steeplechases) of tho vnlue of 100 sovs. after the declaration of tho weights (whore not provided for) to carry 5 lb. extra ; but of the several events to be de cided to-day, tbo winner of tho Handi cap Flat Race is tbe only animal liable to a penalty, the remaining events being of less vaiuo than 100 sovs. after the deduction of winners' stakes. Under these circumstances this afternoon'3 racing at Flemiugton may serve to prejudicially affect the minor handicap races to be decided at Caulfield. In the Hurdle Race the best half dozen appear to be Ocean, Distiller, Revenge, Bonnie Lad, Veronique and Wild Dog. Several horses seem to bo woll treated in the Tooralc Handi cap, notably The Ghost, Tbe Nun, Huron, All Gold, Duke of Atboi, Ellington, Bonnie dood, Kenneth, Millstroam and Devotion. For tho Stospleclsaso, Goodwood, Native, Reticent, Naboclish and Contingent appear to be ad vantageously placed. The members of the Melbourne Hunt Club invite the assistance of tho public at Fleming- ton this afternoon by way of celebrating tho oloso of the season. The programme is of a very ordinary charaoter, and scaroely in keep- iug with the premier bunting institution of Victoria, if not of the colonies. It was hoped that after the liberal manner in which tho public patronised the May re-union, tho executive would be induced to loosen their purso strings in the endeavor to secure the permanent support of those who are ever ready to assist at meet ings where the sport is worth looking at, but such does not appear to be tho case, and to day's affairs promiso to bo of a very common place description. Tho cosn-se is in capital- order for tho' rocoption of visitors, who will thus be enabled to view the extensive improve ments in courso of formation. The now stands are not sufficiontly advanced to prove avail able ; besides, tho old ones will more thasimeet the requirements of those who intend to put in au appearance, both in the paddock and on the hilL Tho racing promises to be of an uncertain character, and it is with some diffidence that I hazard the following selections' Selling Race: Sorcerer, Chanter, Tichborne. Hurdle - Race : Distiller, Tantallser, Mirthl Hunt Club Cup : Robin Abdallah, Gold Top. Handicap' Flat Race:. The Ghost, Sedition, Duke of AthoL Steeplechase : Reticent and nothing else," with a start; in. his absence, Wickliffo, 8ir Samuel, Blackthorn. Sapling Stakes : Teuton, Carni val, Firebrace. | On visiting the Flcmington course at (he early part of tho waek, I found rapid, progress being mado with the extensive 'improvements now in band. The now stand for tbe use. of paddock ticket holders has been completed, and although of very flimsy construction compared with tbe " cow shed,'.' it will servo tbo purpose -pt relieving the crush on Cup Day. Tho mcm- \- .bers' stand, situate above the old telegraph and : press rooms, is also well advanced, but tbe ac commodation provided will barely satisfy the \- requirements of those who will force their pre- \- "seuco therein on big days. The now. embank- mont on the lawn will afford extra standing 1 room for . hundreds, and tho raised ground in front of tho grand stand bars has been made more sightly than it appeared on tho occasion of the last race-meeting at Flemington. Tha ( suggestion tendered in these columns relative \- to the removal of tho clock tower and soratch- . jng hoard has also been complied with, the \- structure having been shifted to the centre of the paddock. Much of the former crush in tho ; vicinity of the weighing enclosure will thus bo \- obviated. The old system of announcing the . icratchings is to be abandoned in favor of the electric apparatus, which is to bo given a fair \- trial daring the coming spring meeting. Adja- \- cent to the clock tower are erected spacious ; telegraph and press rooms ; but as the situa- ' tion is somewhat inconvenient for the members of tho fourth estate, being too far removed from the grand stand, the innovation doea not pro- . raise to meet with the approval of those whose . duty it is to chronicle the Flemington meetings. : The time cut to waste in threading one's way \- to and fro through the crowd oh important race days is bound to form an objection on the part : of . pressmen, who usually have their hands \- tolerably full when- summoned to tho head- quarters of the V.R.C. Tho hand of improve- \- ment is also noticeable on the hill, \- where the huge " aviary' previously alluded c to in these columns is fast approacbiug com- . pletion, and will afford standing room for some thousands of people without any extra . . charge, save that of an additional 6d. for \- tdmission to. the Hill. Under this new edifice : are commodious bars and luncheon rooms, and " zltogether those who patronise the "high and ' dry" portion of the Flemington grounds will \- - have tho full benefit of their 2s. 6d. The sur- race of tho hill proper has been extended at both -. ends, by which means additional elbow room 1 will be provided for the hugo living mass which . congregates thereon oh every succeeding Cup. 1 carnival. I almost omitted to mention that the .wing of the upper stand in the reserve has : besn extended near tho entrance from tho > i railway, and underneath is formed a new room tor the stewards and committee.- The position ippears too far removed from the weighing ' inclosure, and I doubt whether it will be made nuch use of as long as the old premises rc- naiu intaot. I did not take my leave of the racecourse with- out witnessing a painful, and at the same time fata), accident to a member of Mr. M. F. Whitty'a jumping team, a green colt by King Tom. In company with Sir SamueVs brother, \- Orient, and Moolgai, he was sent a fast spin over . tho practice jumps, and after the trio had nego tiated a round in oapital form, tho King Tom horse, who had fenced faultlessly up to then, \- came to grief, and gave Holmes, his rider, a 8Bvore shaking. The colt walked back to tlie scraping sheds apparently nothing the worse for the fall, but on becoming cool he showed signs of weakness in the hips, and, his legs failing him, he became helpless. Every effort was made ' to raiBe him,- but without avail, and the friendly bullet was eventually called into requisition. This is the second horseMr. Whitty has lost within \- nine days, Dick Neville, another son of King Tom, having met with his death- whilst follow ing the Melbourne Hounds at the last meet of the season. Singularly enough, Malone, who rodo Dick Neville when ho foil and broke his neok, was riding Moolgai alongside tho King Tom colt, when tho latter came to grief. Malone attributes the accident to the short outwhioh Holmes took when rounding the river \- turn and the awkward angle at which he there by dashed his horse at the hurdles. More than one meditative turfite is at a loss : to satisfactorily explain the purport of Ring master's unsuccessful mission to Now South Wales. Last autumn he paid a similarly fruit less journey to Randwiak, yet on his return ho proved victorious tho first time he ap- peared in public. People are wondering whether in this respect history is going \- to repeat itself, either in full or par tially so. We must wait and see. Certain it is that prior to his departure Ringmaster per formed a gallop at Flemington thought to be good enongh to bring back tbe Metropolitan ; 1 and there is no doubt in tho world that his somewhat late withdrawal after reigning a supreme favorite caused hundreds of pounds to flow into the coffers of the ring. 'The public, j : especially those who extended him their support, are not likely to loso sight of 'so sensational an ' animal ; and his future movements will, for tho treasons named, be closely reconnoitred. His ' 'eeparato displays in tho Sydney and-Wnverloy ' 'Handicaps— his only appearances at tbe late meeting— proved him to be in" a losing voin. He was unplaced in both events. In the first named race his name does not appear to have been mentioned in tho betting, while ; for the latter event he touched 7 'to' 4, then went book to 4 to 1. A retrogression of this sort is at all times an unfavorable sign, and Ringmaster by his running failed to- remove the prevailing prejudice on this point. ' But as the winner turned up in the well sup ported Coriolanus, whoso stable interests are occasionally not thought to bo inimical to thoso of the Ringmaster party, it is quite possible that . the outside public generally, who befriended tho last named/did not feci his defeat so keenly lis those who have . tho reputation of being priri-. : leged to participate in- the good things and ; sweet' vyhioh periodically emanate from the two K'Sj Kingston and Kensington. Be- this as it may, those who were victimised by Ringmaster's recent movements at Randwick will cherish a lively regard of tho same, and they havo learnt ' a lesson whicbwiU cause them to hesitate before again reposing confidence in the son of First' '-King and YarcUoy. r - It is quite an innovation to hear of a suocoes- "ful raoe meeting on South -Australian territory, \- 'thd,' odd as the irews may sound, "such appears vsolly tobo the' caee with''the annual reunion of the Adelaide Hunt Club held on Saturday last" This reaction may possibly hare special signifi cance in relation to tho existing feud between tbo persecuted turfites of the sister colony and their 'mortal enemies of the pulpit, and there is yet hope that the totalisatorists will eventually prove triumphant. Isonomy was the most prominent figure at the gathering alluded to, and the fact of his carrying 10 st. to .victory over The Baron 'and Gratitude in a 7 furlongs flutter will raiso the hopes of those who have befriended him for tho Melbourne Cup. Thi6 and his other victory at the spring meeting of the South Australian Jockoy Club will serve to wipe out bis defeat by Ballarat earlier in the year. Isonomy is handi capped at 7 st 12 lb., by no means a crushing impost for a horse who promises to dispute with Dunlop the 4-year-old premiership of the season. I always entertained a favor able opinion of Isonomy from the time ho ran such a great race in the Derby, in which contest he would have finished alongside Kordenfeldt and First Chester but for the inefficient man ner in which ho was ridden. By again winning the Adelaide Hunt Club Cup, Sir Ewan, a son of Angler, scored his third consecutive victory in that particular race, being steered on each occasion by Mr. F. Cornelius. It is a significant fact that the three best- per formed 2-yenr-olds which have made their ap pearance this season are not nominated for the Maribyrnong Plato. I allude to Sunshade, Yet- man and Matador. Had they passed under tbe hammer . as high priced yearlings, ail would doubtless have beon heavily en gaged ; but as Sunshade was knocked down at auction for 40 guineas, Matador at 50 guineas and Yetman at 70 guineas, their re spective owners deemed it undesirable to eon- tract even ordinary liabilities in tho shape of possible forfeits. The success of the three performers named is a dreadful satire on the practice of giving fancy prices for more fashion ably bred though less competent performers. Miranda, for whom Mr. W. Cooper paid 1200 guineas, finished behind both Yetman and Matador in the Richmond Stakes. On Monday last thoso who favorably estimate Quintin Matsep's prospects for the Caulfield .Cup were alarmed by reports, of tho. chestnut having gone amiss but it turns out that he was tho victim.of nothing more, than an attack of the family complaint, rhoumatism, and the satisfactory gallop performed by him on Tues day morning dispelled all fears as to there being anything seriously wrong with him. All ad mirers of a straightgoing. and upright sports man would bo delighted to know that Mr. W. E. Dakin possessed a (favorable chance of an nexing an important . event like the Caulfield Cup, but up to tho present, pace rather than ability, to successfully negotiate a mile, and a half journey, appears to be Quintin Matsep's forte. It is rumored that an assault case will shortly claim attention ' from tho law authorities) in which a well, known Chel tenham trainer, who has had the ' honor of steering .a V.R.C. Dorby hero to vic tory, 1b tho plaintiff) and a son . of Vulcan, plying his .vocation in. the . neighborhood , of Caulfield, the defendant. . The trainer com plains of having had his skull fractured through the medium of a beer bottle, and thinks £150 a fair charge for the amusement tho operation in question afforded his brawny assailant. It will be left to tho courts to estimate tbe valuo of tho damage done. Trident has completely palsyed — paralysed has recently become too hackneyed an expres sion—betting on both the Derby and Melbourne Clip and tho boisterous double evontera, like the unemployed, have "no work to do." Bowes'sand tho Victorian CJub are virtually in a etato of siege. Trident, and nothing save Trident will go down with the noble army of punters, and as layers are what is broadly termed " full up" of the horse in question they decline business on any terms. IVhero and how tbo Trident money, has been disposed of iB a matter of speculation. The stable is under stood to have very little of it for either the Derby or Cup. One well known fielder hailing from Wagga "VVagga. is supposed to be in pos session of £8000 about the colt for the great 3-year-old race, but whether the same is all for himself or a commission nobody seems to know. Another well . known turfite en. tour in America . has also backed two Tridente for about £20,000. A remarkable exexpliflcation of the existing state of affairs in connection with the ".blook" occasioned by Mr. White's colt rests in the suggestive fact that several leading . turf commissioners an- nounco their readiness to advantageously hedge Trident wagers in regard to the Derby and Clip separately, and also on the doublo event.' With almost crocodilian emphasis they remind backers of Fred. SJwindells'e. famous precept,. "A bet is never well niade till It is .well hedged." What a burlesque on the ordinarily lucriferous occupation of odds laying 1 Elsewhero will be found tho weights regu lating the contest for the Moouee Valley Cup, of 300 sova, with a trophy' of 50 guineas attached. Last year Mr. Vowles made a present of tho race to Merrimu, by letting him looso at 7 st. 31b., and I doubt whether he has not again erred in favor, of Mcrrimn's stable companion, Mentmore, who, by a peculiar coincidence, is placed on exactly the same mark. In my opinion this is a glaring blot' on the handicap. At tho. last Caulfiold Spring Meeting Mentmore won the Toorak Handicap, one mile, carrying 6st. 11 lb., and defeating afiold of 19 runners, including performers like The ' Ghost, Lantern; . Too Too, Chuckstor,. Camerine, &o.; Three -weeks later ho carried 6 st. 10 lb.' into second placo in the' Hotbam Handicap.' It is only fair to presume that he has since matured, and I fail to seo the justice of horses like Trojan, Bonnie Doori, .Kenneth, Uinborto, Tho Levite, Duke of- Atbol, Honey. Bee, Kohai and Lando being called upon to con cede him weight, To my mindMentmoro'is of superior class to the foregoing! In last week's Leaitr the. balanoe sheet of tho Victoria Amateur Turf Club was ; reviewed at lougth. Tbe sam'o will be submitted' to mem bers at the annual .meeting, to ' be Ijeld. at Menzies Hotel on Monday next,' when the office bearers for the ensuing year will be elected. The retiring members of tho com mittee aro Messrs. Jas. Gricc, Hurtle FiBher, C. D. O'Halloran and A. R. Blackwood. Entries for the meeting to be hold at Elstern- wick Park during the Caulfield Cup week close on Monday, tho 4th inst. Full particulars of the programme appear elsewhere. Tho future of tho Derby is a subject which is being taken into serious consideration by tho English turf magnates. Tho innovation of colossal Btakes such as the "Eclipse" fairly dwarfs tho onoo great classio event, whioh is how as nothing compared with the "ton-thou sand ponnder" .recently decided at Sandown Park. Various suggestions are propounded to restore tho waning prestige of tho Epsom event, and amongst others who have had a say on tho subject is John Porter, tho trainer of Ormonde. This is the romody prescribed by the head of the Kingslore establishment: — "To win the Derby has always been regarded as the pinnacle of an owner, trainer and jockey's ambition, and I, for one, should he sorry to seo it sink into a second or perhapB a third rate race. Tho Derby for more than 100 years has been the race for which all nations have striven, and if wo aro to maintain its prestige something substantial must be done by the Epsom authorities. This is what I would suggest to them — that, to make the Derby of the future still the greatest racoin the world they should actually give iu cash £5000, increase the entrance fee from £50, half ft. to £100, half ft, lVe may reasonably sup pose that this liberal donation would increase the number of entries, but even supposing that they should remain the same as at present (about. 200), and that there are, say, 20 runners, this gives £2000 subscribed by tho runners, £9000 in forfeits, with the £5000 tnWttl by tho executive, would make a total of £16,000, which should indeed Eclipse ' the value of any other race. Considering the number who attended to see the great race at Sandown, unclor most de pressing circumstances, it is almost impossible to grasp the magnitude of the assemblage we should see on Epsom Dowdb (tho sceno of so many glorious contests) to witness the Derby under "these new and inspiring conditions:" Essie, who was absent from tho Flemington training ground for a cotiplo of mornings through meeting with an injury to one of her hind feet, caused by a mutton chop bono run ning into it near tho frog, made her reappear ance on Tuesday morning. The daughter of SL Albane was treated to mild exercise on tho tan. Although tho popular Victorian jockoy, M. O'Brien, was not sufficiently recovered from the .accident ho' met with whilst riding Rapid at the meecing of the Sydney Tnttersall's Club, to take part at Hawkesbury and Randwick, ho has since returned and is- now convalescent enough to ride work at Caulfield. Our Warrnambool correspondent telegraphs that Mr. William Moran has been offered and has refused £1500 for Littlo John. From our Sydney correspondent I learn that Mr. Jae. White has refused £10,000 for the racehoroe Trident. Who but book makers could afford such an offer? Tho publio have reason to think highly of Mr. White for refusing the same. Thoso owners who are not desirous of incur ring any further liability in connection with the Maribyrnong Plato and V.R.C. Mares' Pro duce Stakes, are reminded that the forfeit oi 5 sovs, requires to he declared and paid to tho secretary of tho V.R.C or A J.C, before 4 p.m. on Monday next, 4th Octobor. After a gallop with his half brother, Roy- sterer, Stornoway went lame on Wednesday morning. The ailment seemed to be in the off hind leg, and when walking from the course the son of Norma moved very stiffly. Quintin Matsep, although still a trifle tender on his off fore foot, went a very good round on tho sand track at Flemington on Wednesday morning; and pulled up well. Distiller has returned to M'lvor's stable, and was, on Wednesday morning, ridden slow work by his trainer. Tbe latest addition to tho list of thorough bred stallions advertised in The Leader is Terrific, a horso of immense pace, by Tim Whifller from Talkativo, .diun of such noted performers as Xantippe, Claptrap, Chatterer and Aspen, twice winner of tho Newmarket Handicap. Terrific's credentials are suoh as should .-.secure him liberal patronage at Mr. Cox's SpriDg Valo Stud Farm, Joyce's Creek, where the son of Tim Whifller will stand, at the reasonable fee of. 5 guineas. Mr. Cox remarks of this brother to Claptrap, " With equal chances, he would be one of the leading stallions in Viotoria.", . Another well bred stallion at the service of .breeders is Knight of the Anglers, by King of .the Anglers, from Leura, a daughter of Swoety the dam of 6uch- famous performers as Sir Peter, Irralee and Lady Teazle. Knight of the Anglers, foaled iu 1882, is announced to stand at Blackwood Park, at four guineas. " The Bait, by Tho Hook, from Peg Wofflngton (sister to Lavinia, of Montgamery Plate fame), is also advertised in our columns, and will stand at Bolton, Brighton Beach. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt and Co. on Tuesday sold the gateB,' booths, &o..; in conneotion with' the Melbourne. Hunt Club meeting with the following results No. 6 booth on the hill H. Skinner, £28; No. 1 booth on the hill j' Sheohan, £20 ; No. 2 booth on tho hill, J. Shoe- ban, £12 ; Na 6 booth on tho hill, T. Mayne ' £6 ; No. 7 booth on tho hill, H. Skinner, £6 No. 9a booth on tho hill,— Hownrd, £10 ; fruit stall,— Moss, £2 10s.; No. 6 booth on flat W Duress, £7 ; No. 8 booth on fiat, W. Duress' £7 ; outer oarriago paddock, H. Walker, £9 ' gates, B. Daloy, £45 ; total, £152 10s. ' Settling over tho Rnndwiok and. Melbourne Hunt Club, meetings will take place at Bowes'B Tattersall'B at noon on Monday next. The following scriitohings for tho Maribyr nong Plato .have been recorded in Sydney'— Starli, Master Crusoe, Peabody, Dainty Colenso, Lady Lurlln'o aud Trno Briton. ' T. Paytpn arrived' at Fiomlngton on Thurs day in charge of the a'dvanoo guard' bf Mr J White's .team, including Aome, .Tamarisk" Volcano, Sumatra, Pontifox and Aberdeen. On Friday morning.tbo team .were given easy work on the sand track. "Thpy all look In excollont condition. . It was tho intention" of Mr Feimelly to loavo ' Sydney" to-day with the remainder Of tho utring. . . The Bohemian was scratchod for the Caulfield Cup at 20 mlnutee to 2 p;m. oh the 29th Sep tember. '. . ". ' T Moonlight and Etibhre havo been withdrawn from the Melbourne Hunt. Club Bteopleohare.. 