CERTAIN LECTURES. BY TIE WIDOW DeNs. YE SPORTING PROPHET. No, I didn't go out on Saturday, Mr. Kno emall. I've something better to do with my time than attendingrace meetings. Eh ? Did I notice how near you came to tipping the winner? No, I did not; I noticed that you selected Little John, but I believe the horse was scratched, so I don't see how you could have got very near. Oh l if Little Jolm hadn't been scratched, he'd have won, and you'd have been successful, eh ? Is that the way you make itout? Oh, you did, did you ? You said that the winner, if not Little John, must comne from Ben Bolt, Boolka, Britisher, Silvermnine, Millstream, Lesbia, Mentmore, Burrilda, Recall, or Tarpeia, did you ? And, might I ask, why did you leave out The Levite, Bonny Doon, Jimn Cain, First Consul, Zeno, Remus, and St. John ? It was so hazardous, you know, to restrict your choice to such a few? Oh, you tipped The Baron for the Selling Race, St. Michael for the Nursery Handicap, and Grace Darling for the Caulfield Stakes, did you ? But none of 'en won, Mr. Knoemiall, so I don't see where your foresight came in. Might have won if the others hadn't, of course; why, bless my soul, so they mnight; I never thought of that. Told a fellow to back Ben Bolt two months ago, did you? Well, why didn't you back himn yourself? Oh, you were put off by a friend, were you ? But if you knew the horse was such a sure thing, I am surprised that you didn't have resolution enough to put your money on him, and let your friend back his own fancy. My son, Pat, was told about Ben Bolt some time ago, but he went and backed Millstream in spite of advice, and now he's regretting it. Seems to me, Mr. Kno emall, that everybody told everybody else that the horse that won was the only horse that could win. I am surprised that the owrers of thle other horses didn't withlldralV their animals and let Dr. O'Hara have the course to himself, if everybody knew that Ben Bolt was the only thing in it. Eh? Got a good tip for the Derby, have you ? Well, what is it? Oh, Trident; well, I hear everybody say the same thinhg, but I think you Iknow-alls will look very funny when the race is over, and Trident doesn't even get a place. Impossible, is it? Hem ! There hlave been greater certainties that hlave turned out failures before now. By all ac counts the Derby and Cup are both morals for Trident, but in the end those wiseacres who won't touch anything else may find that there is more than one horse in both the races. Tipped a winner five years ago, did you ? Well, what's that got to do with this year? Eh? Oh, it shows that you do know something about it, does it? I see; you tipped a wilmnner five years ago, andwill traede on that for the next fifteen years. But don't you ever think that the public get rather weary of your continual blarney, about that one success? Eh? Tipped any amount of thirds, have you? Thllat's awfully clever, I'm sure; only, unfortunately, the public don't go in for backing for third place as much as they do for first. But, I hlave no doubt that if you keep on you will tip another winner some day, and then you'll be able to bore the people even more than you do now, if that is possible. Eh? Had a dream about the Melbourne Cup. Well, what was it ? Ohl, dreamt that two witches were quarrelling about a brand new trident, and that one wrestled it from the other, and held it aloft with a blue and white flag fluttering from the top of it. And from that you think of Trident and its colors for the Cup, do you ? Well, I had a dream too. I dreamt that I was walking through the Fitzroy Gardens one day, andti I saw a man with a gun steal round a tree and wait till a eird fleew from its brasnches, vwhen ibe lifted up his gun and shot the bird dead-it was a fine Kingfisher, and Pattold me that it really meanls that the horse called Kingfish will win the Mlelbourne Cup. Eh ? H-asn't got a ghost of a showl , hlasn't it? How can you tell ? Most of tihe horses hlave a show, and I don't see why mine shouldn't. But, Mr. Knocmall, don't you think it is foolish for you to stick yourself up as such a great authority on racing lnttcrs, when, after all, there's any amount of luck ih it? Where is it? Why, an accident Inight leave the worst horse tle wimxer, heavy weather might give the top weight all the chlance that the favorite light weight would hlave on a fine course; there are hundreds of thlings that mighlt put the most certain horse off, anld then wchere are you? IEh? MIr. Tooral looral stands to win £50,000, does he ? Well, the first tihe I heard it was £5,000, then £10,000, then £20,000, and now it's £50,000. I suppose if many more people tell me about it, it may eventually reach a mInillion. Eh? Oh, no, I won't forget, Mr. Kno emall. Your tip is Trident, and your Caul field Cup tip was Little John. I'll relnem ber tlhat, you canll be sure ; and if you're suc cessful on the Derby I'll also remember not to go too near you until thle fever has gone offa bit. Ta-ta, pleasant dreams to you the winners of Derby and Cup, and, perhaps, a good, well-bred, two to one night- mare. 