Confirmation Service* On Monday evening the Right Rev, Dr. Reunion, the Anglican Bishop of Ade laide, held a confirmation service at St. Paul's church, Narracoorte.' The build ing was crowded, and people were stand ing close together right to the back of the porch. Evensong service was celebrated by the Revs. Mr. Swan and Mr. Sarawell, The Rev. W. A. Swan presented to the Bishop the candidates for confirmation, and then read the preface to the catechism in the prayer book. Those about to be confirmed having stood up Bishop Kinnion delivered au address, of which the following are the principal parts:—In the preface which has just been read you might have noticed, in spite of its somewhat antiquated Eng lish, that it brings before us three things. First it brings before ns that the church then thought it good to order that here after none shall be confirmed, bat such as can do so and so. 1 draw your attention to that word " hereafter" because it means a good deal of interest to .us. That pre face was drawn up at the time of tbe Reformation, and it shows what at that time the church thought it good to retain and what good to reject Much had grown np in the middle ages which the church thought it go<id ti> sweep away. Among those things which it was thought good to retain was the three-fold order of the Ministry, which had existed since the times of the Apostles, and thus it is pos sible for persons to still bk' brought to the Bishops to be confirmed mid blessedin the name of the whole church. It was also thought wise that this solemn ordinance of confirmation should be retained. They looked closely into the matter and into the scriptures. They studied what the Apostles and those who came after them said and found that they carried ou this Same rite of confirmation, going from' place to place laying on their hands «o those who were brought, to them and praying that they should receive the holy spirit. The church thus though it right and wise to retain this rite of confirmation^ Before pointing out the other two portions of this preface 1 should like to emphasise the value of confirmation tons. lathe first place it is something to remember that iu the words of holy scriptnre, the laying on of hands is reckoned as of the same importance as is- repentance, faith, the doctrine of baptism, the resurrection of the dead and eternal judgment. Does it sound strange to say that to you 1 It is but saying what is found in Hebrews vi.r 2\. It surprises some people to see how much is made in: scripture of such a rue as this. I can easily understand people who say to themselves "■ There is no kingdom of grace," saying " 0, I dourfc believe in confirmation and don't see any value iu it." If you and I really hold that God is our God, that the Lord Jesus Christ rose triumphant from' the dead-and ascended into heaven taking witlv him his - glorifi -d manhood, there to plead before the Father for us, and if we believe ho reigns supreme and if we. believe in his' promise to Send the Holy Ghost, the Com forter, then we shall be the first to-thank God for the means of grace- he- has- given us, which- .bus been handed down- to us since the Ap.istolic age.--and in which so . many thousands,, so- many millions have fomid . blessiugs from God. The two points which follow are these. The pre face speaks of those who=cmne to-be con firmed doing something op.-nly before the church. This is a very important half of confirmation, that openly before- those gathered'as witnesses-the candidates standi up and make profession of the fact tliat they mean to follow the Lord- Jiesiis Christ. Bearing-in our minds that whejv , we-were-but.infants->ve werp baptized in t be ll ame of tile Father, Son and Holy Ghost, surelyit is only rati-maJ that there should! be some opportunity when we come- to years of discretion at which we may de clare ourselves-on: the Side of God, claims ing his prophesies and anxi- -us to fulfil his: demands. That jpportunity. the- church gives-us at confirmation. In return for alt God gives he asks- for our hearts.. "Afc confirmation the candidates claim- front God that precious gift of - the holy spirit,, which he undoubtedly pledges himself to give to all who earnestly seek it. If th-re were no such- thing as- the kingdom of grace even then there would be a great gain iu this open confession of Jesus Christ at confirmation time, because those who take up such a position before mem can scarcely possibly retreat. It is done: op?uly ; that iu itself is an immense gain-,, for boldly to- take up a- stand upon the side of Jesus Christ is to-take a position: from which he caunot, recede without dis honor. That is uot alL There is the other side, that side with which God-deals. It is true- that here in the presence of their* fellow men there is a deep solemnity.- If we only knew the influence which we have on one- another- we should see how solemn- are the acts which we perform irr the presence of one another. But there is a world of angels, who have- seen thou sands of confirmation- candidates make their confession. Bat there is a far more solemn presence than that, the presence of the blessed Lord Jesushimself, who knows: the hearts of every one of us, who came himself to live among as that he might thus help us. He has himself been among us that he might understand man's nature, and now in his presence these candidates are about to stand up, and say they mean-to serve him. Iu the presence of God the father, that Father against whom yon and I have so often sin ned; that Father from whose loving care we have so often wandered into realms of sin,, selfishness and forgetfulneS3 of his love. Bat he still looks on us with the eye of compassion, with the eye of pily and with the eye of encouragement and help. In the presence of that God whom we cannot see but who sees us you are about to stand up and say you demand to serve God. It ia very solemn but it is a very blessed thing because you are going, to receive of his help. He does not turn away from any one of us. He is ready to help and" if we do net do what is right it is not that God's grace is lacking, but it is because we have not availed ourselves of it Young men, you will waut this grace to fight against the temptations of the world^ that world which would try to vnakw us think the world that we see is the only one worth living for. Then there is the hard fight against the Devil himself who strives to destroy your souls. Perhaps your hardest fight will be against the sin ful lusts of the flesh. No one is obliged to sin or give way to temptation. Every one may conquer his lower nature and rise on the stepping stones of his dead self to higher things and may grow up into the likeness of the pure and noble manhood of the blessed Lord. Young women, you have yonr hard fight too. You will find it hard enough to fight against the many temptations in the love of drcs?, vanity and foolishness, from the want of strength of character, from that, want of solidity and strong mind, which is one of God's best gifts, and which you will often be tempted to think of no ac count. You will have your grosser temptations too, although God seems to have given to those who are weaker a less hard fight against the flesh than the others have. You won't find it easier, I daresay, in one way after your confirma tion than before, for although you will have more strength you wiU have awarder firht. Therefore with good hope, with. good courage and with a determination to take up the cross and follow the blessed Jesus we invite yon to come to- night and be confirmed. The rite of confirmation was then ad- ministered to Masters John Hutchison, James Hutchison, Andrew Hutchison, Egbert Hutchison and Misses Ellen Stur- geon, Jane Cartright, Nora Wills, Frances E. Maley, Elizabeth G. Hollis, Winnifred Boucaut, Elizabeth R. Maley, Rhoda Heuchan, Beatrice Wills, Gertrude Wood and Edith Morris. 