THE RECENT VOLCANIC ERUPTION AT ROTORUA. We obtain the following further details of this great calamity from New Zealand files, to hand per ss. Wairarapa : Dr. Hector, the Government geologist, states there a nothing in the character of the stones he had seen to lead him to think that there was any molten lava in the erup- tion. There were two classes of volcanoes one that throw out molten lava, and the other, which simply ejected steam and mud. The latter were most dangerous. Dr. Hector, when asked his opinion as to the probabilities of the future, said eruption might continue for some time. Much anxiety is expressed as to the room- I ponent parts of the dust shower that fell. A great diversity of opinion is taking place as to whether the dust will be ultimately beneficial or not. A quantity has been sent to Auckland for analysis by various parties, and the result is eagerly looked for. When mixed with water the deposit can be seen to be of' three different qualities, some being much finer than others, and the most of it being full of silicious matter. The taste of the water after the dust has been freely stirred into it, is variously compared to potash and magnesia, but most generally to the former. Indigenous birds, pigeons, lakes, and paroquets have become quite tame, and are flying about the houses. Sparrows and bonnets are dead in hundreds. Owing to the destruction of insect life and the covering up of grasses, there is nothing for them to eat. A telegram has been received from the Defence Minister stating that Inspector Goodall has been instructed to enquire into the cases of distress, and relieve them. AND auction will be held at Te Aroha, at an early date, of stock from the Opotiki, Te Puhi, and Whakatane districts. The New Zealand Government will supply hay for the stock at night while travelling. The local papers are inserting the advertisements free, and the auctioneer will make no charge. The following are the estimated losses by Europeans Nellie, £4,000 ; Humphrey, £2,000; Rodgers, £500; Captain Way, £200; W. Bird, £100. McRae is insured in the Union Co., but they refuse at present to pay. However, they promise to consider the matter. The English tourist, Mr. Bainbridge, who was lost in the eruption at Tarawera, arrived in Sydney in March last, in company with Mr. J. L. Osborne, of Macbrair, Osborne and Co., of Clarence-street, by the P. and J O. steamer Parramatta, and after visiting the Blue Mountains and other places of interest, left by the A.S N. Company's ss. Victoria in April, for Fiji, from which place he wrote to Mr. Osborne, informing him of his intended visit to Auckland. He was a young man of 19, large and powerfully built, but was, when he left England, in rather delicate health. He was travelling with the double object of obtain- ing rest from his studies, and acquiring information of the colonies from personal observation. He was the heir of Eschott Hall, Felton, Northumberland, a well-known family in Newcastle-on-Tyne. In connection with the Tarawera disaster it may be mentioned that owing to the flax not flowering last season the Maoris pro- j pleated that we should have a dry summer, ; and a great earthquake during the present year. It is stated that the Government intend shortly sending up to the volcanic region an artist and photographer, with guides, in order to reproduce exactly the present condition of the country and the physical features and changes. Rotorua Lake is abnormally high and the springs are active. An avalanche of mud has fallen from the mountain between Lakes Tikitapu and Rotokakahi, burying the ground lift., and, gathering momentum, has been shoved into the lake bodily. A spur, 150ft. high covered with stunted timber, has been pushed clean over by the pressure of the sludge at the back, and toppled across where the road had formerly been into the lake. Plenty of stores are arriving for the needy, but there is no case of real distress existing, The Commissioner of Telegraphs has been asked, officially, to convey to Mr. Dansey, officer in charge of the telegraph station at Rotorua,- the feelings of admiration of the Mayor and council of 'Akaroa for the way in which he stuck to MR duties during; the terrible volcanic' disturbance, reminding them of the Roman soldier at Pompeii. Sir Julius Vogel, in reply, stated he would canoe the Mayor's, telegram to be conveyed to Mr. Dansey!'' He states :-" I need hardly add I am much gratified to find the service of an officer so highly extolled." Sir Julius made the following minute on the telegram as an instruction for the secretary to the department !-" Communicate this, and add that I greatly admire the heroism and endurance Mr. Dansey and his officers, Messrs. Gardiner and Macaulay, have displayed, and that I believe the same feeling is held throughout the colony." Mr. Gray has also added his expression of satisfaction at the conduct of officers. Dr. Hector, on inspection of the state of the country at Wairoa, has pronounced the place a death trap, as the firethulf-hour's rain would cause vast avalanches of mud to come up from the hills, which would fill up the Lakes Tikitapu and Kotokakahi. They would overflow and sweep down the gorge into Tarawera, carrying everything in the valley of the Wairoa before it, forming a vast mud glacier out into Lake Tarawera from the boat landing place. A quarter of an hour's rain would put 40ft. of sludge above the Wairoa bridges, a blockage of all communication at the mill near Kotokakahi. The Maori and European residents have been warned to clear out with all possible speed., The frost has melted on the crest of the bill, and is pouring down about a hundred streams of sludge on to the road, and this is going on at different points up to the Tikitapu bush. The whole of tho place above the Mu, Captain Way's residence, will probably fall into the river below, where the Wairoa falls once were. The section of the volcanic mud in pulling the surface pumice formation down out of the face of the hill. Now that the excitement had cooled down, and all rear of further danger is past, Our memory is likely to be more attractive than ever to the travelling public and tourists. Many of the more enterprising are leaving the Waikato townships to visit the scene of the late disaster, and on Saturday Carter's coach was loaded up with passengers from Oxford for Rotorua. At that place excitement had altogether abated. Even on Friday last many of the women and children returned to their homes, and some of the men, who looked somewhat ashamed of their chicken heartedness in running away instead of remaining to assist if needed, in rescuing those in danger. One thing the catastrophe has done, to bring prominently forward the courage and heroic conduct displayed by such men as McRae, Geoffrey Robertson, Marohesaau, Blythe, Lundius (notLundine, as hitherto printed.) The conduct of these men is deserving of the highest honour, and and in one or two instances their personal loss has been (treat. is in A party which started on the 17th inst. i B from Rotorua for Rotomahana in the early U morning returned at 7 o'clock. They rode \ j? 32 miles and walked 12. They rode till they ;: I reached the belt of mud and then tethered to their, horses and proceeded on foot. Taking a k a lesson from the experience of the previous , y party, they took off their boots and most of all their clothing and entered the mud glacier. i j- After going three miles, to their surprise | I came on cinders and ashes, and Mr. Mercer I Ettore up, his shirt to make sandals for i'., their feet They got to the back of the SM Pink Terrace, after travelling over dangerous 1.3 ground, in which fissures were gaping in the r i earth' and steam coming out in various direc- stations They confirm the statements already ¡ I telegraphed as to the principal changes in the country. The Terraces are gone, and the ? < new geysers in Rotomahana are throwing up < | stones. They are situated at the extreme j south end. From the point where the White Terrace stood all along the range to A, the Devil's Cauldron is clean blown out of j existence, At the back of where the White ! Terrace was in a steep precipice or cliff. The j surface material is blown away, exposing the !' inner rock face of the mountain. The scene i at their feet from the back of the Pink Ter- j race is indescribable. They could have u thrown a stone into the crater, and as the mud lifted the smoke they could see the '. bottom of the lake seething and spouting boiling mud in all directions. From near Okaro to Tarawera the whole valley is simply rent in two, and there are vast clefts, being in form of the letter "S, from the base of Tarawera proper to the summit, They saw a similar cleft at various minor i spurs adjoining. The present appearance is that of having been rent in two, and the i mountain is standing agapo like the leaves j of a book. In returning to the point where \- ht horses were tethered they noticed that' v fissures passed in the morning had widened considerably, and fresh' ones were found. At one point a steam hole formed behind them. Another exploring party report that after incredible toil and danger they arrived at the top of a hill whence they could look down at the place where both the Pink and White Terraces had been. Not a vestige of either was to be seen. Where stood the White Terrace an immense volume of black smoke was to be seen rising. From the country where the Pink Terrace is situated they found it difficult to fix its locality, but of one thing they were quite certain that the place where the Pink Terrace once stood is now part of the Rotomahana crater. After half an hour's gazing on the terrible spectacle below, which looked like hell let loose they struggled on towards Te Arika. They travelled for a mile alone one of the watercourses already described till they came to a spot where the fate of To Arika was set at rust. The impression is that if the Rotomahana volcano exhausts itself at the rate of it has been doiugiluringthe last week, it will be possible in a week or two to travel about the bottom of the crater. The volcanoes on Tarawera ranges are similarly exhausting themselves. IA tale concerning a phantom canoe said to have been seen on Lake Tarawera previous to the eruption has caused much excitement among the superstitious natives. The Dune- din Evening Herald publishes the following narrative supplied by a recent visitor to the Lake : " About a week before the eruptions took place very serious tidal disturbances occurred on Lake Tarawera. There were several pakeha tourists besides myself at the Hot Springs when the lake became con- valued, and though we expressed astonish- ment at the occurrence the Maoris were still more astonished. Such a sight had never within the memory of the oldest man among them, been known. To say that many of them were frightened would he only a mild method of illustrating their alarm. Shortly before this a venerable Tohunga (prophet or priest) had been brought from a distant settlement to cure an old woman at Wairoa who had been accused of practising witchcraft. Several of the very superstitious people among the natives were for blowing off the old woman's head, but more sagacious counsels prevailed, and they handed her over to the tender mercies of the Echunga, who anathe- matised hour after the manner of his order. I merely mention this matter in order to show you the strange feeling of superstitious terror which was about when the tidal disturbances were noticed. When the lake became calm I made one of a party of 15 who took a canoe to cross over to the terraces. There were SIX Europeans and nine Maoris on board. Nothing particular occurred until we had proceeded a considerable distance on our journey, when we were startled by a peculiar cry from an old Maori woman who was with us on her way home after being at large in Wairoa. Seeking the cause of her alarm we turned towards her, and there she stood pointing over the lake and muttering at the same time a dirge-like croon. Looking in the direction at which she pointed, we were startled by the appearance of a large canoe with high prow and stern, and manned by 13 naked warriors. The canoe was fully a quarter of a mile away from us, but as the day was beautifully fine we could see and count those on board without any trouble. She appeared to be coming from Waitangi, and proceeding in the direction of Mount Tarawera. Our Maori rowers seemed at first to be struck dumb with astonishment, but recovering themselves, they whistled and shouted to the strangers, but without result. One of our party stated that he observed a warrior chief with Lake feathers in his head, who stood at the prow of the war canoe, wave his spear in the air as a kind of greet- ing, but I did not discern such a movement. We watched the quaint-looking craft until she swept round a jutting headland and disappeared. It is not a fact that she faded away into mist. That is a mere invention of some of the Auckland newspaper men. When we got back to Wairoa we found the natives in a state of wild excitement. The appearance of the Tuipo (ghost canoe) on its way to the burial place of the mighty warriors of the past had spread con- sternation among them, and fear was de Eicted on every face. A canoe of that shape had never before been seen in the district, and, in consequence, the end of the world was depicted. I afterwards enquired of Mr. McRae if he had ever seen a canoe of the sort around there, and he asserted positively that he had not, This is all I have to tell you about this phantom canoe, I do not think it was a supernatural v Aston ? I think it was a trick of the cunning old Echunga, who had cursed the watch. I am not a believer in ghosts, 