?'Say, waiter, this turbot is rank. ' Humph f 'It's not fresh.' 'Can't say, sir, Tve only beea here a week.' A young dramatist brings a manu nm-Snfc to the Manaeer of a theatre—' Listen 1' said the latter, l navenc time toreaa auinat. ex plain to me the subject of the piece 1' 'Ifsan original work in four acts I' ' Yes, yes ; very good ; tell vis of what it treats 7' ' Well, in the prologue the grandfather and grandmother are poisoned.' ' Well— and then ?' 'in the first act they assassi nate the son !' ' Good ; go on '.' 'In the second act they strangle the window.' 'Not bad— and then T ' In the third act they throw the baby out of the window.' 'Ah, but who is left to play the fourth act?' 'Aha! the ghosts of the victims— didn't I tell you it was original ?' Comparisons are Odious.—' Say ! wouldn't you have done the very same thing under the circum stances?' queried Walter Brittqn, as he toed the mark. 'I am not on trial,' replied the Court. ' I know it, but s*posen you had a wife who wa3 always pecking at you 7' 'Prisoner, there is no supposing to this case. Yon are charged with drunkenness and disorderly conduct.' '1 expect Iam, Judge, but sea here. S'posen you went home at night alter a hard day's work, and your wife.' ? ' Prisoner !' ' Judge, s'posen your wife met you at the door and called you bad names as fast as her tongue could fly? S'posen' ? ' Prisoner, are you guilty or not guilty?; 'Judge, s'posen you were in my place, how would you plead. ?' 'I find you guilty and sentence you for thirty days.' ' You do, eh ? Now, Judge, I wouldn't do that by you ! S'poaen your wife should—' ' Hemove him !' He was removed, but he retired supposing.— Detroit Free Press. The Stamford Burial Board have held two sittings, at which fifty-six speeches were delivered on the in scription of a tombstone, which ran as follows ;— To part with my vrif e was a trial severe, Far better in Heaveu than suffering here. Ultimately the inscription was allowed a full stop being inserted after 'severe.' Even now it is doubtful whether the widower has not contrived to libel himself in the estimation of ill-natured people. An old Scotch lady, on the occasion of an unfor tunate minister getting wet to the skin on his way to the Church, repBed to her companion, who was about to proffer her aid toward drying the eaiments : 'Na, na, woman ; ye needna fash yourself ; wait ye a wee till he gets into the pu'pit— he'll be dry eneuch SS poet Whittier once lent a volume of Plato to one of the neighbouring farmers. Mid when the bock was returned askeS. ' Well, friend, how did theelikemy friendPlator 'First-rate,' said tb.6 farmer. ' I see he's got some of mj ^ees. ?; - 