Religions The Missioners. ■ Xir his reply to The Telegraph Dr. [Webber com plains of thatjoUrnalhavingsnppressed extracts which he read from the Church Gazette of Auckland, relating to the missioners, Messrs. Bodington and Mason. His lordship will hare noticed that onr contemporary did the same. It was therefore a little disingenuous on his part <0 speak of The TeUjraph as if it only had done this thing. And seeing that both journals had done it, Df. Webber should have surmised that it was not editorial. Night reporters are hardworked men, and it is the last straw to expeot them to take down in shorthand, and afterwards to copy out, extracts from news papers read by any speaker. However, Dr. Webber haB oourteously handed the papers to us, and the extraots read will be found below. The Missioners.—The following letters will explain themselves : " Auckland, February 1, 1886.—To the Eight Eev. the Ijord Biehop of Auckland,—We, the undersigned, olergy of parishes and districts in your lordship's diocese, desire, through you, to tender onr heartfelt thanks to the missioners, who in response to your lordship's invitation, have come to us from England, and have since their arrival been labouring untiringly among us. By their astonishing and sustained labours, and by their clear and unfaltering expositions of Holy Scripture, as interpreted by the sober teaching Book of Common Prayer, no less than by their unfeigned piety and constant reliance on God the Holy Ghost, they have exhibited to us an idealof ministerial life and duty which it will be our responsibility and our aim to follow; and we rejoice to know that through their instru mentality many troubled oneB have attained to a peace and gladness not before realised, many sinners have been aroused, and many have been helped to a more loyal and intelligent devotion to ourjblessed Lord in this branch of His holy Catholic Church. That God's abun dant blessing may follow them throughout their labours in the diocese to which they are now going, and in all places to which His provi dence shall hereafter call them, is the prayer of those who trust always to retain their teaohings in thankful remembrance, and in the divine meroy to meet them hereafter in the nearer presence of Him before whom they and we alike live, and to whom they and we, as watchers for souls, must alike give aocount.— (Signed) B. T. Dudley, E. B. Clarke, Henry Govett, Wm. N. de L. Willis, Charles M. Nelson, John Haseldon, A. G. Furohas, W. M. du Bieu, W. E. Mulgan, T. O'Callaghan, Frank Gould, Edward J. Phillips, Philip Walsh, E. O'O. Biggs, J. Bates, F. T. Baker, W. Eattems, William Galder, Colin C. Cockayne Frith, Alfred J. Hitchcock, F. H. Long, J. K. Davis, G. H. S. Walpole, E. J. H'Farland, J. H. Hewson, P. S. Smallfield. " Bishopscourt, Auckland, February 3,1886. —To the Revs. 0. Bodington and G. E. Mason. —My dear Friends,'—I enclose a copy of a letter that I have received from the four arch deacons of this diocese and others of our clergy,~who desire me to thank you on their behalf for your ministrations to them and their people. I have very great pleasure in comply ing with their request. For them and for myself I thank you most heartily, for the fidelity, the plainness of speech;' and the charity with whioh you have set forth the teaching of the ohurm on the great truths of the Gospel, to our people throughout the dio eeso; and for the high standard of pastoral labour that by word and deed you have shown us. From testimony-that I am continually receiving, not only from the clergy, but also from the laity—from men and women of ' all sorts and conditions'—I am assured that your ministrations have afforded great help to very many of the people of this diocese, including not a few of those who do not call themselves members of the Churoh of England. I hope that yon will both husband your strength, as far as possible, during the remainder of your mission in New Zealand, and that, when you return to England, yon will find yourselves strengthened in every way for your duties there.—I remain, my dear friends, your faith ful and affectionate brother, "W. G. Aucklahd." "All Saints' Parsonage, Hokitika, February 13, 18S6.—My Lord Bishop,—We have re ceived the kind and touching letter of thanks addressed to us through your lordship by the archdeacons nnd other clergy in the diocese of Auckland. It is a great comfort and joy to us to be assured by them that the mission has, through the blessing of God, helped them and the flocks committed to their charge. Wo esteem it a great privilege to have been allowed to make the acquaintance of a body of men so thoroughly devoted to their singularly difficult and arduous work. It will be our constant prayer that their work may bear abundant fruit, and that they may receive increasing help. We beg your lordship to convey to them the expression of our warmest gratitude, and we also ask your lordship to accept our sincere thanks for your own most kind letter which accompanies their address. We may also take this opportunity of thanking the laity of your lordship's diocese for their many acts of kind ness and their unceasing hospitality.—Wo aro, my lord bishop, your obedient and grateful servants, "Charles Bodisoton, " G. Edward Mason. "The Eight Boverend tho Lord Bishop of Auckland." The following extract from the samo journal relating to tho Bov. Mr. Bodington's services, at St. Andrew's, in Cambridge :— " Nearly all tho services were attended by members of other roligious bodies, somo of them ooming to service after Bervico, and day after day, and testifying most warmly by their their words, as well as their actions, to their appreciation of tho help they wero reoeiving. It is perfectly wonderful how tho mission preacher did his work and held the attention of tho congregation. During the six days ho gavo no less than 20 addresses (besides instructions and meditations), ranging in length from 20 minutes to upwards of an hour, and all these ■were fall of the deepest thought end of the liveliest interest. At the Bame time there was an entire absence of all sensationalism. The soberneeaof theteaohingof the Church andof the grayer Book seems to be that which Mr. Bod ingtoii ^a.9 adopted forhisown;andit was very striking hJTP ho drove each trnth home with his own pecniu? power, he showed that the same thing was taught and retanght again and again in onr Catechism aT^ Prayer ^Book. W# realised as he proceeded that striking as was his teaching, he was indeed teaching ns nothing new, bnt only bringing ont in a neif way tb® wondrous fulness of the old treasures. Many here will remember the mission as long as they live, and thank Sod for Mr. Bodington'sminis* trationa." 