Humour. A doctor thought to scare an apMenh in a printing-office out of his wits by Ing a skeleton in his bed. Abont w o'clock the boys peeped in to 8ee J!! had become of the apprentice Th«»*, 1. «it at the side of his bed, with aj?J* barp, a set of marbles, a gtimball anT*" ■slice of ginger-bread he was quietivl* pof ng oI He had sold the JGfi£ haH-a-sovemgn, and was enjoying Si proceeds. The skeleton hadcitth!fit tor ten pounds, c uoc 01dGold.-The pnofuse display ©f "old gold" in the costumes of the ladies of £ present day serves to recall thTSSSf famous George Selwio. The'beJfJit? JAdy Coventry eihifwtdd to him fe? geous new jobe sparkling with apaJu" and demanded his opimon of it. tR* replied, "Why, your ladyship wiU^ change for a guinea." Wbolcsold. At a shoemakers' ball am porter says that « feet of every size w JS®.48®*? ,m -a white ki<* to pud<W shaped pedals in bull-skins, welted thL ■w « the floor in harmoiy S Si' musia They waxed warm. Ld rLS away until late next morning. ivSf? wbolesouled affair throughout" A Poser.—Mistress (to her cook). Jane, who is that you were talking to on the steps V—Jane : " It was mf brother, ma'am."—Mistress; «IndeS I here was no family resemblance. What T,™8 nome!'Vane : "Smith, ma'an,!: James Smith."-" But your name is Ryan. —Jane : " Yes'm, so hi s; but, yon t* l5aam> ®iy brother's been married" In lea.—She (newly married, and doing ™ jeis,m the housekeeping department): 5° y°U t 'mw why the tea « so good? Because I put a tiny pinch of soda y' sir' before you were tea r h! Wer ?ut a"ythiu^in y°® Another Typographical Error.—The gentleman who had been off for a fish ing excursion, and sent a paragraph to the local paper, saying that " Mr. Jones t!!,!® .o°me £ fine mess of ' speckled beauties, could not account for the warm reception from his wife until he reads that " Mr. Jones had been fined and sent home for a mess with some freckled beauties. —And then he went for the newspaper man with a rod. Lost Expectations.—A gentleman had five daughters, the first married a man by the name of Poor, the second aMr. Little, the third a Mr. Short, the fourth a Mr Brown and the fifth a Mr. Hog*. At the wedding of the latter, her sistere with their husbands were there, and the old gentleman said to the guests, " I have taken pains to educate my daughters that ther «nght act well their part in life with honour to my family. I find that all my pains, care and expectations have turned out nothing but a Poor, Little, Short, Brown, Hogg." The Power of the Eye.-It is told of an Amburgb, the great lion-tamer, that on one occasion, while in a bar-room, he was asked how he gained his wonderful power over animals. He said, " it is by showing them that I'm not iu the least afraid of them, and by keeping my eye steadily on theirs. I'll give you an ex ample of the power of my eye." Point ing to a loutish fellow who was sitticw near by, he said : " You see that fellow'? He s a regular clown. I'll make him come across the room to me, and I won't say a word to him." Sitting down, he fired his keen steady eye on the man. Presently the fellow straightened himself, got np. ana came slowly across to the lion-tamer, when he was close enough, he drew back his arm and struck Van Ainburgh a tre mendous blow under the cliin, knocking him clean over the chair, with the re mark : " You'll stare at me like that again, won't you." A letter uaving the following address passed through Peterborough Post Office m June, 1840 :— As our Postmaster here's " so civil," mu ^ I1*3 S.wee'; sP°use so like a bear, ^oey d wish me quickly to the Devil If I did not address with care My letter : so here's the direction— One Peter Spinks, 12, Brunswick-square. If Government have no objection, They II forward this epistle there. Of course they'll know such squares in ■London, And in a western situation ; And as this sheet has a stamp gum'd on, It needs no other explanation. A countryman in a restaurant ordered roast lamb, and the waiter bawled to the cook. "One Iambi" "Great Scott: mister, cried the country man, " I can't eat a hall lamb. Gimme some fried oys ters instead." "One fried oyster!" bawled the waiter. "Well, Methuse lah a ghost! Mister, one fried oyster ham t goin' to be enough. Gimme a dozen of '©m. Durn these city eatin* places! A lady in a registry office observed: " I am afraid that little girl won't do for a nurse ; she is too small. I should hesitate J® 'rus£ her with the baby." Clerk: Her size, madam, we look upon as her greatest recommendation." Lady: "In deed ! But she is very small." Clerk: I know that she is diminutive ; but you should remember that when she drops a baby it doesn't hare far to fall." A witty as well as a soft answer will sometimes turn away wrath. Charles Burleigh, the abolitionist, in the midst of an anti-slavery speech, was struck by a rotten egg full in the face. Pausing to wipe away the contents of the missile, he said calmly, "I have always contended that pro-slavery arguments are very un sound." The crowed roared, and he was no Jonger molested. _ 