Concert at Muswellbrook. (From a Correspondent.) On Wednesday night last a concert was given in the School of Arts by the pupils of St. James' Convent School. The object was of a twofold character, viz., to raise funds for the purchase of prizes, and to give an exhibition of the children's ability and progress. The people of Muswellbrook, always remarkable for their liberality towards any good cause, were not behind on this occasion, for the hall was well filled throughout. It was evi- dent from the hearty plaudits which greeted the efforts of the youngsters that the audience were not a little satisfied. The feature of the evening's entertainment was a drama entitled " A School tor Daughters." This is a play of three acts arranged for sixteen characters, all girls. The merit of the piece is of a superior order. Its moral is to show the evil consequences that follow the neglect of filial obedience. The Sisters of Mercy made a wise selection when they determined upon this, but they showed further their wisdom in the allotment of the different parts. A better appor- tioning could not be well conceived. Each child sustained her part with remarkable ability. The enunciation throughout was perfect, showing care- ful tuition on the part of the Sisters. Agnes, an old cottager, waa portrayed perfectly by Miss Ellie Poley, a little cliild of ten years of age. Miss Mary Cantwell, as Evelina, an unknown wanderer, upon whose unhappy history the play is written, sus- tained her long and difficult part with great grace and propriety. Miss Howard, a young heiress, was cleverly impersonated by Miss Eveline Donohoe. Her assumed affected aud heartless conduct was much admired. Miss M. Hall, as Samba, a coloured attendant from the Indies, was quite at home. Her singing of a negro song in this character, gave her an opportunity of exhibiting her fine voice to advantage. Later on she appeared as Mrs. Woodville, a lady of wealth, and was a model of perfection. Miss Curran did ample justice to her character, Mrs. Friendly. The two daughters of Mrs. Woodville, Augusta. aud Jemima, were ably supported by Misses M'Goldrick and Poley. Augusta was pro- priety itself, whilst Jemima was a wild, rompish, trickish. young lady. Miss Foley succeeded in an admirable manner in bringing out the main features of her difficult piece. Lucretia, a visitor, was a picture of that young lady, who is entirely given to novel reading and ghost stories, in Miss Telfer's hands. She is effectually cured however by Jemima. Miss Smith, judging from her rendering of Mrs. Racket's part, is by nature designed for a bouncing, scolding housekeeper. Farmers Grub and Clod pole were perfection in Misses Smith and Median's charge. The other parts, viz., Susan and Martha, housemaids, by Misses Doyle and Ada Donohoe, Fanny, a little beggar girl, by Miss Maude Davison though short were well supported. The youthful performers were frequently ap- plauded, so much so that they were obliged to wait more than once for silence. A pianoforte solo Gaieté de Coeur was played with great feeling and accuracy by Miss E. Foley, the heroine of the evening. Ten little fellows dressed in character and coloured for the occasion, sang " Ten Little Nigger Boys," with pleasing effect. An encore was demanded, but as the programme was a lengthened one, it was not complied with. Between the first and second acts Mr. Kelly, who very kindly came all the way from Maitland, sang "I'm John the Masher." An encore was called for, and in response he sang " Ting, Ting, that's how the Bell goes." Mr. Kelly has appeared frequently before Muswellbrook audiences, but seems to grow in favour each time he presents himself. Miss Donohoe, from Murrurundi, played in her first-class style " Irish Diamonds." Mr. Cordner, of Maitland, sang between the second and third acts. He was encored again and again. His " nigger" songs in character were side-splitting : he is a host in himself. Four young ladies from the Convent school sang " O'er the hill, o'er the dale"; they were Misses Foley, Haywood, Green, and Hall. The singing was of a really first-class order. These young ladies possess extremely sweet ' and pleasant voices. After the intermission Miss Donohoe sang one of her favourites with pleasing effect. The programme was concluded by the farce "Cherry Bounce," a play in one act, arranged for six boys. Masters J. Telfer and M. Carroll as Mr. Oldronts and j Gregory respectively were the two most effective characters in the play. Little Telfer showed him- self to be what he really is, a very intelligent and talented boy. The other characters were very well sustained by their representatives. Farmers Gammon and Spinage fell to Masters J. M'Mahon and F. Barklay, Masters W. Turner and J. Doran taking the Doctor's Boy and Old Homespun. God Save the Queen by the singing class brought a very enjoyable evening's programme to a close. I omitted to mention that Rev. Father Rogers in a brief speech, thanked the audience on his own behalf, and on behalf of the children for their at- tence and patronage. He complimented the people upon the feeling of unanimity which existed between all classes, and expressed a hope that each would long continue. He also referred to the suc- cess which the school had met with, and the superior education imparted by the Sisters of Mercy. The Sisters aro prepared to impart an education equal to that given in expensive boarding schools, so that parents who are unable to pay the high pensions demanded by such institutions, have all their advantages for a few pounds a year in the High School. Already many have availed themselves of the benefits of that school, and it is to be hoped that many others will do likewise during the com- ing year. 29th December, 1885. 