::'a!)'x ' ;V:SSitifteti?- ?',??.. ^:^;r Indlnn My tUs. B* '?? Stella OcoronNs.' BnouZiD yon ask' mo, whonco thoEO atorioo— Whenco theuo legends and traditions 1 ' * ' .??'??;♦.?; * ., ? ' I ohonld answer, I should toll yon, . From tho- forests and tho prairies, From tho greet lakes of tha Northland, From tho land of tho Ojibwaya, From tho land of tho DoootahB. I repeat them as I heard them.— Losofm.low. Daring the long, poldj winter nights, the Indians gather round tha camp-fire, and rointo tho wonderful talos and my the of their country. Under the groat pineB, in an evergreen forest of the Kooky Mountain region, by the blazing light of the camp-fire, and surrounded by tho darkness of night, stands an old man, telling in eimplo language tho story of Ta wats, thoharo-god, and his nnoounter with Ta-vi, the sun-god. The Indiana are great notors, and tell more by action than by words. Tho ciders listen with roverenca, whilst tho younger members are pften so exoited as to dance with delight, or shiver with fear, accord ing to tho influence of the orator and his . Btory. The old man tells them bow in long past times tho Bun Rod Ta-vi was frao to roam abont tho world at pleasure, soorohing people when ho oame too near, and leaving them shivering with cold when ho hid away in his oave. One day Ta-watP, the haro-god was sitting round the. camp-fire, out in tho woods, with his family gathered ronnd him, waitind for the- sun-god to ooma out of his oavo ang warm them. At last they Rrow tired of wait ing, and fell asleep. Tho son god_ then approached the harocod and hia family bo near that ho scorched Ta-wats' shoulder. Then TR-vi ran away and hid himself, for he was afraid that tho haro god wonld bo angry. When tho latter woke up, and found how badly tho sun-god had treated him, ho was very angry, and determined to be revenged. He travelled for days and days, meeting with many adventures, and ovcroominR many obataclon. At last he arrived nt the brink -of tho world, and ho waited pationtly until ho should see tho snn-god. Presently tho latter, thinking hia enemy had gone, peeped out, and tho haro-god shot an arrow in hia luce, but tho rays of the Run burnt the arrow before it reaahed him. Ta-wats shot again and again without effect, until at last he sent a magical arrow, which nover failed to renoh tta mark. This struok Ta-vi tall in tho faco, and tho Bun fell to pieces, Betting tho whole earth on fire. Tho hare-god fled, but as ho fled the burning earth scorohod bis feet, his Iorp, hia body, until at laet only hia- head was (eft. This went rolling along, bnmpiog over rook and orevioe, aoross mountains and valleyB, through deep ravines and abysses. Finally tho eyes of the haro- god burst, and tears gashed forth in euoh a flood that it quenohad tho fire. The Ban-god was oonquered and ho was summoned to appear before a - oounoil to await Eonteneo. The judges con demned him to travel aoroaa tho sky day after day, on tho same path, and ho was only to appear at certain times. Tho dayo, nights,, months and seasons woro also regulated by this oounoil. Tho Algooquin race have tho beautiful myth ot the Hod Swan, somewhat similar to tho above. They believe that tbo hnnter Ojibwa, whilst skinning a bear, noticed' that the sky gradually beoamo tinged with a bright red light. Ho saw 'a Doantiful rod awnn with brilliant plumage flying across a lake, and tried in vain to ehoot it, his arrows proving useless. Ho then tried three magia arrows, only succeed ing, however, in striking the swan with tho huitu. j.uu wuuuuou uira uuw Oil, leODiy flapping its wings, until it sank at last under the water. Ojibwa pursued the red swan westward, and discovered that she was the daughter of an old magioian. Tho old man had lost his epalp, which Ojibwa fonnd for him, and put baok on his head. Tho magioian then gave his beautiful daughter,- tho Itsd Swan, to Ojibwa, as a bride, and they re turned to tho earth tbgcther. In Longfellow's 'Hiawatha,' this myth, is referred to by Iagoo, the marvellous story-teller, at Hia watha's wedding, when he relates tho story of ' The Son of the Evening Star' :— C\n it be tho sun descending , O'er the level plain of water ? Or the Hod Swan floating, flying, Wounded by tho magio arrow ? Staining all tho waves with crimson, With tho crimson of its life-blood, Filling all tho air with splendour, With tho Bplcndoar of its plumago ? auoruy alter tno bun bad been condemned to'travol aoross tbo sky, another oounoil was held to elect a Moon whioh was to Bhine during the night. Whippoorwill, God of tho Night, wan ohooen to preside at this counoil. After a long debate, a frog offered himself as a willing sacrifice, and waB chosen. Various magical incantations and ceremonies wero used.ond ho won changed into tho new Moon. Naturally the Moon gives no heat, being made out of tho cold body of a frcg. Tbo Dahkotuh Indians believe that the Moon U made of something good to eat— as good, probably, as green oheose. When tho Moon is full, a great number of small mice commence nibbling until they have oaten it all up. A cow Moon then begins to grow until it is full, when it is in turn devoured. \- The Dihkotahs oount their months by the Moon, as follows :— 1\. Witcri, January ; tho hard Moon. 2\. Wioata-wi, jR bruary ; tho raooon Moon. 8\. IitawioayEzan-wi, March; the eore-eye Moon. '4. Magaokadi wi, April ; tho Moon in which tbo gooee lay eggs ; also called Wokada wi ; and somotimes Watopapi- wi, tho Moon when tho streams aro again navigable. K AViiiiini.\iri TIT/tii » tlin miftntiMfT MamI. G. Wnjustccasa-wi, June; tho Moon when strawberries are red. 7\. 0anpa8apa-wi, July ; the Moon when ohoke-ohorriea aro ripo. 8\. Wusuton-wi, Awjnit } tho harvest Moca. .9. Pdinhnakctu-wi, September; tho Moon when rico is laid up to dry. 10\. Wi-wajupi, Ociobcr ; tho drying rioo Moon. .11. Takiyurn-wi, November; the fleer-rutting Moon. 12\. TohcoapEun wi, December ; tho Moon when the deer ehed their horns. The Indians have many myths concerning Day and Night. Sohooloraf t, in his ' Algio Re searches,' (Inscribes tho Huron naturo- myth oonccrning D*y and Ni«ht :— ' Iosco,' says Tylor, ' Booms to be Ioskeba, tho White One, whoso contest with his brother Tawiscarn, tho Bark One, is an early and most genuino Huron naturo-myth of Day and Night. Iosoo and his friend travel for years eastward and eaotward to rcaoh the sun, and oorao at last to tho dwelling of Manabozho, near the edgo of -the world ; and thon, a little boyond, to tho chasm to bo passed on tho way to the land of the Sun and the Moon. Thoy begin to hoar the pound of tho boating sky, ana it seems near at hand ; but they have far to travel boforo thoy reaoh tha place. When tho sky oamo down its preaauto would force gusts ot wind from tho opening, bo otrong that tho travellers could hardly keep their feet, and tho eun passed 6ut a short distance abovo thoir heads. Tho eky would uutuD uunu wim viuiuuuu, uuk ib wuum -iuu slowly and gradually, loaoo and ono d hig friondn stood noar the edge, and with a great effort leapt through, and gained a foothold on the other side ; but tho other two were fearful and undecided, and when their com panions laUed. to them through tho darkneao, Loap I leap I tho eky is on its way down, they looked up, and saw it descending ; but, paralysed by fear, they sprang so feebly that they reached the other sido with thoir hands, and. the sky at tho oamo moment striking violently on tho earth with a terrible sound, forced them into the dreadful, dftrk abyss.' . The Ottawa tribos also boliovo tho Sun and Moon to be brother and Bister. 'Two Indians, it is said, sprang through a ohasm in tho BBy, and found thomsolvoa in a pleas ant,. moonlit land, 'There they saw tho moon approaohing as from behind a bill ; they knew her at the first sight; sho was an aged woman with white faoo and pleasing air. Speaking kindly to them, sho led them to hor brother, tho Sun, and' ho carried them with him in his course, and sent thorn home, with promise- of happy lifo.' Thero is' an Ottawa myth about Mana bozho, tho Bolar god, among tho Algonquins, whioh tells about his driving his father, the West, aorona mountain and lalto to tho brink of the world, but ho was pot able to kill him. Tha oonfliot is described in ' Hiawatha' ; tho West-Wind or Mudjekee'wis boicg tho father of Hiawatha. Then began tho deadly oonfliot, Hand to hand among tho mountains. ? ? ? ? . . . i Baok rotroatcd Mudjekcowis, Rushing woatward o'er the mountains', Stumbling westward down the mountains, Three whole days rctreatod fighting, . Still pursued by Hiawatha, To the portals of tho West Wind, To tho earth's remotest borders* Wbero into the empty spaces Sinks the sun, as a flamingo ' Drops into her nest at nightfall' In the melancholy marshes. 'Hold 1' at length oried Mudjekeewis, 11 Hold, my son, my Hiawatha I 'Tib impossible to kill mo, . For you cannot kill tho immortal. I havo put you to this trial But to know and prova your oourago.' In tho Ottawa myth, Manahozho is called Na-na-bou-joil, and is the elder brother of NinR-gah-bo-ar-nong Manito, tho Spirit of the West, god of the country ot tbo dead, in tho roRion of the setting sun. This, euu hero, Mnnabozho, when he~~angled for the King ot FiBbcs, was swallowed, canoe and all ; then bo emote the monetot'a heart with his war-club till ho wonld fain havo caBt him up into the lako again, bat the hero set his oanoo fast across tho fish's throat insido, and finished slaying him ; whon the dead monster drifted ashore, the gulls peoked an opening for Mnnabozho to oome out.' This story is likewise told in ' Hiawatha,' in the aoooint of tho Little Monedo of the Ojibwas. Tho Oraibi philosopher, who lives in a pueblo, knows something about arohiteotupt ; therefore, ho imaginoa the world to bo 6 building, and sevon stories high. Wo ar) supposed to occupy the second story, ono being below, and five being above. Tho third Btory is oooupicd by tho rain-god, who sprinkles tho earth with rain by dipping a brush made of birds' feathers into tho lakes of_ the skies. The Indians who live on tho ftiifTil i\9 Af-iernrtft tiaiiatrA iliftf tha vain id nanf for the irrigation of their crops and to refresh tho thirsty earth. In tho winter this god oausea a snow-fall by orushing the ioo of tho heavenly lakes, and soattoring it over tho earth. - The reason why wo oooupy tho second Btory of this rcondorful. building ia presented in tbo following way by tho Oraibi philosopher. ? It waB Buppoaed that people originally inhabited a lower world by meanB of a magical tree, whioh served as a loddor from the lower world to this. Thoy found the firmament resting low down on tho earth, forming tho floor of the world, and Miteito, ono of-their gods, raised tho firmament on his shoulders to hjs present place. He is also supposed to have made tho moon out of sovan baskets of cotton balls, woven by seven maidens, and the bits of cotton whioh were scattered about whilst they worked were mado into stars. Mateito then mado a sun to keep tbo people warm, for they complained because the moon was cold. Ho mado the sun of the hair ot eoven buffalo robes. He also appointed tho times and seasons for tho hoavenly bodies to appear ; and the gods ot the heavens havo obeyed his commands from tho day of oreation till the present time. Aooording to the Shosboni Indians, the sky is ioe (being of the ooloar of ioc) and tho fall of snow is oaused by a monster serpent-god, wfao coila hia huge book against tho eky and brushes the ico dust off with hiasoales. That serpent-god is supposed to be the rainbow, and the Shoshoni philosophers believe it to be the serpent-god of storm. In the winter time the serpent sends snow, and in the sum mer time rain. Sohoolaraft, who spent some tims visiting among tho Indian tribes, relates a story told by a North Amerioan Indian prophetess, de soribing a vision she had of the Bright Blue Sk», ' At her solitary fast- .at womanhood she fell into an eostasy, and at tho oall of 'n spirits she wont up to heaven by tho path '?'»«' leads to the opening in the sky; therp '???? heard a voice, and, standing attli, saw to ^uro oi a man near tho path. His head v. w surrounded by a beauiful halo, and hia breast was oovered with squares. 'Look at me,' he said, ' my nnrao in Oihaunauegoeghiok, tho Bright Bluo Sky.'1 Sho likewiso desoribed tho spirit as being ornamented with the hiero glyphio horns of power. Tho North Amerioan Indians called- tV Pleiades the Dancers, and tho morning sta* theDay-bringer. Stories are told otan Indian who had long gazed on a Bt-ar in ohildhood One day it left its plaoe in tho heavenB, and came down to tho earth, and talked with him. When he went out hunting, and had poor laok, tho star would load him to tho place where there was plenty of game. The Indian myths about tho planet Venus aro interesting. Longfellow tells in ' Hia watha 'how. — ' Tho Star ot Evening Melts and trembles through tho purple, Hangs suspended in tho twilight. No ; it is a baad of Wampum On the robes of the Groat Spirit, As he passes through the twilight, Walks in Bilenoo through tho EeavenB 1 ' Then Iagoo, tho story- teller, rolates how Oaseo. tho Bon of tha wandering ntnmf TWon. ing, was beloved by 0 «enee, tho ' eilent, dreamy maiden,' who refused 'all her young and handsome suitors,' and married ? ' Old Odseo, poor and ugly, Broken with ago and weak with coughing, Always coughing like a. squirrel, Ah, but beautiful within him Was tho spirit of O-iseo, From tho Evening S'ar doBoended.' All tho heavenly bodies, indoed, wsro sup posed to bo human beings or spirita by tho North American Indians. Tho ghost theory was very obviously held among them, not the mere Fetish worship imagined by some modern writers. ? ' I suppose I'll havo to go ; but, indeed, it wasn't my fault,' said a pretty Bervanfc girl whon tho mistress of tho houRo surprised her husband hugging tho lasa. ' Oh, no, don't think of going,' replied the praotioal mistress; 'since you havo been with us wo aro saving money. My husband remains in of evenings, watohing for ohanceo to hug you, and I etay homo to watoh him. His remaining at homo !b from %l GO to §2 in his pocket every night, and I'll want sotno of tho monoy shortly for e, now drens, nnd thcro'll bo trouble if I don't got it. Most married women will not have a pretty servant girl about tho house; but when a pretty servant girl will enable ma to got pretty clothes I'm willing to tolerate her.' —Philadelphia Dully Herald. 