NAOMI; OR, THE SUNKEN REEF CHAPPER IV. TrIE Baronet used all his ' simple wiles' to induce his heir to fallin love with M[abel, but his best efforts proved the reverse of successful. :Fred was more the votary of Diana than Venus, and inclined more to the open field-than the myrtle shade; or, if smitten at ail, it was rather by the black eyes and rattling disposition of a Miss Maria Paxton (who was a keen :sportswoman), than the attractions of the sweet, unobtrusive manners of Mabel. Neither the attentions showh her by Jamaica, a youth of better taste, nor the palpable devotion of Harry, ex citedany feeling of jealousy whatever; 'n:or was any symptom visible that could be construed into dawning passion. . : Never willingly did Fred encounter Mabel; and when the sly Baronet 'mancuvred to send him on a 'sleeve Sless' errand to the house of the magis trate, he never dallied with his busi ness. He even condescended to be the bearer and deliverer of the elegant ex tracts which Harry had culled for her from among the old poets. 'Confound the fellow!' the father would mutter ;.' it beats pig-driving all ito sticks:! The more I try to put him on the right road, the more he won't go !' With dispositions and tastes so op posite, the sons of Sir Reginald, though they loved each other at heart, were not always in perfect harmony. Harry would sometimes find that his interests and Fred's were at variance, but his gentle disposition prompted Shim to say nothing. However, impetuous Fred was sure to make a row, for which he was sure to come and apologise' as soon as a little: reflection had shown him how ridiculous and unreasonable his con .duct had been. SWith Jamaica it was different. He never missed an opportunity of annoy ''ing Fred ; and if at any time he could make his conduct appear in a bad 'light to his father he never failed to doit. The consequience wasthat Fred * i'egarded his cousin with no friendly feeling. They had frequent skirmishes in words, and he liked to touch him on the old ' raw. One day, after a skirmish of sharp words, in which Fred alluded to the . bend sinister, the creole exclaimed, 'I am used to that taunt, and do not care :for it; but beware of too often reflect ing on my birth; the day may come when you will rue your own !' 806:,b saying,, he abruptly left the ioom. Harry, who was present, expostu "lated with his headstrong brother; for though he felt that Fred's words were no more than justice, yet his refined nature shrank from the pain the hard sentences they exchanged inflicted, and he foresaw that the matter would be eure ultimately to come to blows . .. ' By Jove !' exclaimed Harry,' he is *hauling his horse about as if hewould Ipllihis head off. He kept his temper .two well-barrelled to show us any of the working, but now he is taking out the vent-peg. Poor beast! Ah, , there's a start-spurring and flogging as if he was making his rush at the end ! It is the old schoolboy fright over again-if I can't lick big Will, I'll hide little Tom. Exactly as Harry had described, the ·creole galloped at racing speed up the avenue. On coming to the high road, however, he reduced his pace to a trot, and then turning into a shady, se cluded lane, he brought the horse to a walk, and threw the reins on his neck, muttering, ' I am a fool to mind it, for it comes from a fool. Why should I : fret and wince under it ? 'Tis no fault *,of mine. I had not the ordering of *,my birth. Thousands of men and station are no more legitimate than I am. What is legitimacy? A parson, a certificate, a ring. 'Is there.a stain upon me from in fancy-a stain likeoriginal sin, because any parents were not married? ? 'Am I doomed to eternal infamy .and'disgrace for want of a mere form ? " Has it made me less virtuous, less :sightly, less intellectual? Has it made :'ne:deformed in person, or deficient of a sense? And shall man affix a stigma where Heaven has set no mark ? SIs not my flesh .as healthy, my Blood as pure,' my body as perfect in all -it'i'functions, ay; even as that of Fred * himse.f ? But, no, no ; this flattering unction is" not true! ' Walter MIaxwell, you are degraded and cast cut of society, and it avails you nothing that you are under .the same ban as thousandsof others. i Justice may award; the shame to the parent, but the prejudice of man en tails it on the child. 'The attainder of tile father debases the son; and true, it is indeed; that not one atom or globule of the tide of life can be wrought upon by the breath, but'the'voice of the world says it does -of the world, at least, in which I am to live. 'A bastard I am, and a bastard I must remain; and worst of all, a 'brown bastard,'-ay, that was the word ! SThere is a stain on my face as well as my birth; a tinge derived from the blood of the negro black heathens, and -the word chokes me-slaves!' SDuring the utterance of the foregoing soliloquy, he had, through excitement, gradually exalted his voice; and as soon as he had uttered the last word, he heard it repeated in a low tone. Supposing the sound to have merely proceeded from an echo, he never turned his head; but in a few minutes he heard the same voice pronouncing his name. ' Walter MIaxwell!' - Considerably startled, he looked around for the speaker, and his brow darkened with displeasure when he re cognised the dark race of the fortune telling wonian as she made her way through the hedge on the side of the road. He was immediately going to ride off, when she sprang forward and seized hold of the bridle. 'Let go, woman !' he cried, his face flushing with anger, and his hand me chanically raising his riding-whipabove his head-' let go, I say ! I will hear no more of your infernal gibberish!' 'Lower your whip!' she answered, with thile tone and look of a command. 'I have been used to stripes lately; but of all that breathe in the world, Walter MTaxwell, yours is the last that should lay the lash on me !' 'Begone, hag !' cried the creole, in fiercer voice, for he was offended at her familiarity. 'Let go, I say; for if I touch him with the spur, you may repent the consequences!' 'Pass over my body, then!' she cried, as she released the bridle and planted herself with outstretched arms in the middle of the road in front of him; 'ride on, Walter Mlaxwell; break these arms that nursed you, and mangle this bosom that nourished you!' 'Impudent impostor !' cried the creole, bursting into a fury ;" but you have been set on. Dare to propagate this malicious falsehood, breathe it into any other human ear, and it will be the last syllable your. tongue shall ever utter, for I will tear it out with my own hand !' 'Walter Maxwell,' replied the woman, as if she delighted in repeating the name, no ear but your own has heard it, and no other shall hear it, provided you will listen to the rest. But deny me that, and I will proclaim it at noon day from the market cross!' 'Say your say, then, and be quick,' said the creole, partly astounded by her audacity, and partly unwilling to defy the threat of a being so wild and determined. ' What I have said already,' said the woman, 'is true. Were the sun,moon, and stars now shining, I would swear by them all, and by Him who made them, that what I have said is true. You owe all to me that a child owes to its nurse.' :' Insolent, crazy beldam ! that cursed story again 1' cried the creole, his face puite distorted with passion. 'This is beyond endurance. But that yiu are a woman, you should roll under my horse's feet!' 'Walter Maxwell,' exclaimed the woman, while the angry sparks flashed from her black eyes, 'dare not to mis call me again, lest you get my curse instead of my blessing. But the story is strange, and I am strange,' she added, in a milder tone, 'and I ought not to expect you to have implicit faith in my story without some token of its truth. Look !-.did you ever see a face like thiS?' She held up for his inspection a small miniature which she had produced from heri bosom, and he instantly recog nised the features of his father. SThe shock made him faint and sick, his eyes grew daizled, his brain swamt and a loud sound as of boiling water began singing in his ears. He dis mounted hastily, or he would have fallen from his horse. ' Gracious Heaven ' he cried; 'where-how did you get it ?' 'Be composed, be a man,' said the woman, taking his hand between her own, which trembled, however, as violently as the creole's. ' You know, then, I am no gipsy. 'juggler, no gossiping imposter, no crazy beldem? Now summon your senses, and think back as far as you can into your child hood, and tell me if you can remember any such name as Julia ?' 'It seems as familiar to me,' said the creole, 'as my own. My dear father mentioned it on hIis death-bed.' 'And coupled it with a curse ?' said the woman. 'No,' he replied. 'In his delirium he accused her of stabbing him; but he was sensible when he died, and ' Julia' was among the very last words he murmured with forgiveness and a blessing.' The woman's head dropped at these words. She hastily seated herself on a bank by the road, but covering her face with her hands, wept t~ill the tears gushed out between her fingers. It did not last long. With a violent effort she overcame her.grief, and rose up, and spoke.with a firm voice. Had she stabbed him to the heart, it had been but a just revepge. There are deeper and more cruel wounds than those which can be inficted by visible daggars-wounds that bleed inwardly and are incurable, and Julia had her share. But, come; take a seat beside me on the bank. This ,meeting 'is trying to us both.' The Qreole seated himself beside. her, his whole frame quivering with intense excitement and agitation. There was one absorbing question in his heart which it yearned, yet dreaded, to have solved; and the first word of it rose as often to his throat, and was choked there like the ' amen' of Macbeth. The woman perceived his emotion, and spoke first. 'I divine your thoughts. You thought perhaps I was your mother ?' He nodded in reply, but did not speak. 'I was your mother's dearest friend -her sworn sister, your nurse.' ' And my mother-is she still alive ?' 'If she yet lingers in the world,' said the woman, 'it must'be like me, a forlorn wanderer.' 'And you,' said the creole; ' you are poor, perhaps houseless! Gracious Heaven! I remember now. You have been in prison, at hard labour.' ' Ay,' said the woman, bitterly; but I complain not of anything. I can now suffer at the hands of men. As for my poverty, I feel it not; soput up your purse. And now, mark me; the world is a worthless, weedy place for me; but its prejudices are of im portancc to the young and hopeful. My acquaintance can do you no credit. You must neither name me nor recog nise me before others, whoever they may be, and this meeting must remain a secret in our bosoms. Seek me not \--heed me not-mention me not; but if I should summon you at any time by sign or toqken, be sure, WValter Maxo well, that you come to me, whether by Sday or night, as if on it depended the salvation of your soul!' I-will obey your bidding, upon my honour and faith I' replied the young man. There was something'in the strange, weiri woman which awed and com pelled him to promise. After, a pause he continued, ' And now this portrait. If gold will pur ohase it---' 'Not all in India,' she replied, thrusting it into her bosom.. When I die that trust shall devolve upon you. And now, farewell; I hear footsteps in the lane. God bless you, Walter Maxwell!-God' bless you! Hishand was snatched and fondly kissed, and he again forced a passage through the hedge, leaving the creole sitting on the bank, scarcely certain whether all that he had seen and heard had not been a day-dream and a delusion of.the senses. Yet the possession of his father's portrait, the recognition of himself, had all a mairked effect upon him and the allusion to Julia, and her jealousy and revenge, left him no room to. doubt the veracity of her who claimed to have been his nurse. The creole,' after sitting on the bank for some time in deep thought, slowly rose, and, mounting Ihis horse, rode towards the castle. His friends now saw a marked change in his behaviour. He became thoughtful, gloomy, reserved, :and irritable; .and.although when in the presence of his uncle he subdued his temper, he vented it upon the groom and other of the servants with whom he came in contact, for he was one of those who can be civil to Richard.and rude to Dick. Fred, chivalrous in disposition, tried hard to conciliate his cousin; but in vain. The revengeful dis position of the creole would no be conciliated, and at last Fred gave up trying to conciliate him, and treated him with the contempt he deserved. One day, some time after the creole's meeting with the strange woman, the brothers and their cousin were alone at the dinner-table, and Harry and Fred fell to disputing about the respective charms of Mable ani Miss Paxton. Jamacia very graciously joined in the dispute. The Baronet happened to come in in time to hear the latter part of the argument, when Harry was just say ing, 'The whole world would give it against you, my brother., I am bound to say that there is not a more amiable girl in the world than Mabel.' 'Why, what is: all this wrangle about ?' inquired the Baronet. '.What is the matter in dispute?' 'Oh, a. mere .matter of taste,' re plied Harry, laughing. ' We are disputing as to which of the' two ladies-Miss Paxton or Miss Mabel is the most charming.' 'Miss Paxton. is a smartish girl enough,' said Sir Reginald, 'with black eyes and pouting lips, and so forth; and a spanking action to boot, together with a good figure; and she might get a stride or two before Mabel in1 the creole's fancy-those West Indies don't think as we do.' 'Jamacia was Miss Mabels cham pion,' replied Harry. 'The deuce he was!' exclaimed the Baronet, in astonishment. 'Why, this beats cock-fighting! They say, Madge,'-to his sister-' there's no accounting for tastes; and in fancy matters I do not believe that' like does not always pair with like; but I think 'that Harry here, bookish and poetical, and sentimental and so forth, and that always rides a pony or a galloway, standing up for a slapping, bouncing, high-coloured girl that looks half broke, like Miss Paxton--' ' dMy dear father,'said Harry, hastily, 'I pray you think of no such incon gruity. It was Fred wvho . found a goddess in Mies.Paxton, and set her above Mabel.' . The speaker intended no wound, but his words pierced 5ir Reginiald like a gore from a stag at bay. His first impulse was to bring the refractory admirer to task, but ithe presence of his sister put him in mind of her admonition, and he remained passive. In the afternoon, a party cositing of the Baronet, his two sons, his nephew, and. his sister started to spend the evening with the magistrate at his house.' When they arrived, the Baronet, who kept a wary eye upon Fred, was pained to notice how little attention he paid to Mabel (merely returning her brief salutation), and how he quitted her to join in conversation with the others. While the party were with the stern magistrate, a police-constable arrived with some prisoners, and he was delighted to transform the draw ing room into a justice-<oom. The brown woman, who had been before him on a previous occasion, was again. there, along with some other culprits. She had come voluntarily to exculpate unlucky Joe, who was charged with an assautlt, of which she declared she was the real author. Joe was discharged, like so many others of the great unconvicted, ' with out a stain upon his character or a shilling in his purse.' 'And the woman?' inquired the clerk; is she to be seat at large ?' ' Committed ' said the magistrate,. assuming his Brutus look, and a severe tone worthy of the look. ' Oh, father!' said the gentle Mabel, pleadingly, 'do not be so hard upon her; she is a poor, defenceless being !' ' Committed i were shemy own sister!' repeated the magistrate. 'I have yet to consider whether a nameless stroller, of questionable means and notorious violence, should be let loose on society armed with an illegal weapon, to the terror of her Majesty's liege subjects !' 'Liege cowards!' said the woman. Am I responsible for the fears of the dastardly? Is it wonderful,' she con tinued, after a moment's silence, 'that a lone female like me, and a wanderer with no more strength than belongs:to her sex, should desire the protection of something more formidable than her own weak arm? The rufiiauly blood still crusting the blade,' she added holding up the knife, 'is my apology. It is that of a certain Uriah Bandy, whose address to the lone woman in a solitary lane savoured more of the flesh than of the spirit!' ' The strong arm of the law shall shield you i' said the magistrate;' but it will, at the same time, protect the peaceable from your violence. You are committed !' 'Upon what charge ?' inquired the clerk. 'Under the Vagrancy Act, unless she will inform me at once of her name, her place of residence, and her means of living. 'Ask me those questions,' said the woman, ' when we are more in circum stances of equality! Ask me apart from your myrmidons, in the middle of some barren waste, or beside some lonely ruin in the middle of the nighl, and I will tell you that I have the same natural privileges as yourself; the isame right to live where I will and how I will; to starve on wild herbs and berries, in preference to a menial's pittance; and to: sleep under the bare canopy of heaven, rather than the roof of the poor-house! Call me to account in some such spot, and attempt, then, if you dare, to control my choice !' 'I always held it,' said Bir Reginald, twitching the justice's sleeve, ' that she was well bred-the blood of some tip-top planterornabob. Every master must hunt his own as he likes, but in ours we always whip off with a vixen.' 'Justice demands examples,' said the stern magistrate, involuntarily looking at the opposite wall for the picture oYf the Roman judgment; ' and in no case can the warning be more salutary than when the vengeance of the law falls on a head raised above the multitude.' SFor the love ot mercy,' interceded Mabel, ' if you would have me smile, or sing, or sleep in peace, let the poor wretch go free; do not commit her. !' 'Wretch!' echoed the woman. 'I am indeed wretched '-and she turned a look upon the speaker that almost petrified her. 'I have borne with hard nam'es from the old and cold-hearted; but from the young, and gentle, and beautiful,-for I was once their mate, -suoh titles come like the deadly bite of the wasp that breaks its sting .in the wound." .'Yes lovely ais you are, she continued, 'I was once deemed as lovely, though not so fair in my skin. These arms have been encircled with gold and gems, this neglected hair has sparkled with diamonds, and this ill-clad figure has been decked with the choicest silks of the loom. In my own island I was loved and adored, 'young lady, as much as you can be in this; and if ever young ear has been addressed with the titles of man's devotion, from mere woman up angel, know that all these terms of admiration and fondness have been lavished upon me. But the cane has been crushed,' she added, with a sigh; its sweetness is gone, and I am nothing how but trash for the work house I' 'Indeed, you must let this woman go-you must grant me this reqluest as though it were my last!' pleaded Mabel. But the woman made out her own discharge as characteristically as she had entered. 'I have made a longer visit than strict politeness should warrant,' she said, with the air and dignity of duchess of the Court of Louis XIV; 'but my concern for an unfortunate criminal .must be my excuse. No compliments, Ibeg. I will depart as I came, with csremony. Positively I will have no attendance, not even to the door of the room.y And with a graceful wave of the hand she left, the apartment, curts~6yiig,; leaving the whole asseimbly stari'g ct. each other in a 'pa:rxysm of luazement., The: party: talked:.over this ever interview for some t1ime vak s not' in discovered that the the room. He had stolen'out iiuobserved, and followed th e.brown woman. :'CHAPTERYV. ~Wi.LER'n~AXWELL, the'reole, followed in the wake of the strange woman, till, when a considerable distance from the house, he found her seated on a log by the wayside. 'Come, and sit down beside me,' said she,' and give me your hand. I am a poor foolish woman, and my doting memory will fly back to tilhe tiime whcn you hung smilingly on my bosom, orlay sleeping on my knee.' 'Enough of the nursery,' said the creole; 'I seek not to know where or how I slept, or what childish ditty served for my lullaby.' ' Walter Maxwell,' inquired the woman, solemnly, ' what is your feel. inugs to your kinsmen ?' 'I fear but a neutral one. It seems to occupy a debatable land between love and hatred, and to make oc casional incurtions into each territory.' An expression of the most tiger-like fierceness passed over the face of the woman, as she vehemently cried, with the guttural utterance of the passion she was seeking to inculcate, 'You must hate them! You must hate them as mortally as I do. There are some nersons who profess to repay evil with good, unkindness with kindness, but that is no creed of mine; I return scorn for scorn-wrong for wrong blow for blow; and the person who reproached me with my birth should have cause to rue his own !' 'Ha!' said the creole, with a start, as if she touched him with another Sweapon. 'How came you to know of that taunt?' 'I have ears,' said the woman, 'and I have eyes; and if I sometimes play the spy it is to prosper the last wish, the last hope, the last blessing I possess on earth.' ' It is true, then,' said the creole, in' a tone of despondency, ' and I must put up with the reproach.' 'It is false!' cried the woman, passionately. 'Your parents were united in wedloc--holy wedlock, as it is called; and, for as much as it is worth, you are legitimate.' 'Thanks be to Hieaven!' cried the creole. She spoke of proofs of his legitimacy, which might be produced. ' And why not now?' he exclaimed, with a gesture of impatience. ' WValter Maxwell,' said the woman, ' I will not be questioned. Where fore am I in this country-on the earth, even--but for the sake of Walter Miaxwell? He is the last link in the chain of love, the sole tie that binds me to this weary world, whence, otherwise, my own hands should have shortened my passage to the grave.' She paused; the excitement under which she was labouring seemed to have overcome her for a few seconds then she continued, 'M. sun z-soe and my day is in the wane, but there is still one bright spot in my sky, like the star of the evening. You are that solitary star, that particular orb, to which my affections, my hopes, and my wishes all point with the constancy of the magnetic needle.' 'At least,' said Jamacia, who began to be touched by her earnest protesta tions of attachment, ' you will allow me to contribute to your personal comfort. MIy uncle's allowance is liberal, and, with my own small annuity allows me to lay by a sum that I would cheerfully set apart for your service. It would, at least, provide you with a decent lodging.' ' Iam lodged already,' said the woman. 'You know Hennesey's hut ?' The creole nodded assent. 'A temporary lodge for the use of some gamekeeper, who committed murder there, or was murdered, I know not which. It is there I dwell, a desolate woman within desolate walls, and in the sdlitiude I covet; for the hut is said to be haunted, and the vulgar take care not to intrude on my retreat, for fear of encountering the ghost. Some day,' she added,' you will visit me there. But mind, Walter MIaxwell, not without an invitation !' She then questioned him about the profession he was destined for, 'My father's profession-the army he replied. 'My uncle, Sir ieginald, has promised to secure me a commis sion.' ' Ay,' said the woman; 'to cariy the colours for the best of your life, and to be captain at fifty, if iot earlier slain in battle, or cut off bjr disease, is not a high ambition for a young man. But to be serious,' she added; 'your main hope is your uncle. Fox hunters sometimes die suddenly; .a neck is broken in an instant. And if Sir Reginald were gone, how would your prospects look if gilded with no more light than would be shed on them by the new Baroliet, Sir Frederick ?' ' Cloudy enough, Heaven lknows!' 'But,' continued she, 'if Sir Fred was also to brealk' his neck (for he is also, a follower of Nimrod), and that pale-faced orother was to succeed to to the title and estates, would your prospects be brighter then ?' 'Not a whit I' said ,he creole. 'And if he were to ihe, too,' said the woman, ' what would'happen then ?' ' The estates would go to the heir at-law, and Maxwell Castle would have a new master.' 'Yourself Walter Maxwell-your own self!' said the woman. 'Has it nevri entered into your mind to in quire into the order of the succession ?' 'Never!' he answered. 'As a natural son, the subject did not con corn me; nor does it mudh corse. me now that I am declaaiso'e, that I 'I have suc~b nms miliute for Esau's a"of pattage.' . • Neverthelesas,' said the woman., it is such a chancr as may happen. I have known as rapid promotion withoutN a wiar. In the West Irndies; '·Ieeavaasa worm, and a long thumb-nail would make it certain. But to you that is a riddle As I said before, a fox-hunter may be in at his own' death, instead of reynard's, Neither do I consider that a pale, sedentary student must be a long liver. Her meaning now began to dawn upon his mind, a new hope was open ing to him, which his dusky nurse knew well how to stimulate. She spoke of the broad domain of his ancestors. '*Methinks,' she said, 'it were a proud feeling to ride down its broad, stately avenue, and looking round on that lordly mansion and its noble park, to exclaim, 'All this, Sir WValter Maxwell, from the sky to the earth's centre, is your own i' 'A proud feeling, certainly,' said the creole; 'but you might as .well; like Satan, take me to the top of a high mountain, and offer me the kingdoms of the earth ' 'Walter Maxwell,' exclaimed the woman, angrily, 'Ipretend to nothing beyond human foresight; yet, as surely as there is an air we breathe, so surely shall you ride between these trees I have mentioned, and you shall experience the proud feeling I have supposed, and think the very thoughts I have uttered! Mark my words," she added, ' and you may well wish them to come true. The man ought to have such a prospect before him who hopes one hope that I could name to him.' 'It is a very flattering prospect, truly,' said the creole. ' What is the hope which demands such a golden consummation ?' 'To marry Msbel iManvers!' answered the woman, with an em phatic pause between each word, and at the same time placing her hand upon his arm as if to study the effect of her words, for she had well judged their power. 'But you forget that Miss iManvers has something to say in the matter,' said he. She may not be inclined to marry me.' 'I forget nothing,' she replied. 'When the pale- faced student is out of the way she will yield to Sir Walter MIaxwell. The baronetcy will be an irresistible argument on your behalf. 'I will try,' he said, determinedly. 'I can at best be no poorer than I am, and the prize is worth the race. I will try.' 'I have your promise, then?' said the woman, eagerly. 'You have,' "hle sasia, in a low tone. 'I will see you again ere long; but do not attempt to seek me, Walter Maxwell. I must be to you as one dead until I choose to call for you. If we meet by accident, do not notice me unless I speak.' 'I will do your bidding without fai~l,' *ssia the worule. ' Farewell till then!' she said, ris ing; and advancing to the bushes, she was soon lost to his eight. The creole remained sitting on the log for some time, thinking over the events of the day, and the new ambition which had opened before him. His thoughts were similar to those of Macbeth when he had received the 'All hail!' of the weird sisters. It was true, no one knew what chance that strange disposer of events might do. Many a man had succeeded to a title between him and which a dozen lives had stood but a'short year before. If Fred were to meet with an accident, the Baronet could not survive it. ' Ohance may do it!' he exclaimed, rising to his feet and starting in the direction of the magistrate's house. 'I will watch and wait,' When he entered the drawing-room where he had left the party, he found the Baronet in the best of tempers. .' Egad!' he exclaimed, ' you stole away .very cleverly. Nobody except Fred saw you break cover. We all thought that you had bolted after. the gipsy to get her to tell from her con juring cards what kind of a band 'you are to hold through life ' 'I was interrested in the poor creature,, that is all,' was the reply; 'and having once gone out, I walked farther than I at first intended.' During the evening, Hawry, com plaining of a headache, went out to the lawn to cool his throbbing temples, and he was delighted to fnd MIabel there before him. 'Ah, my dear Mabel!' he esclaimad, advancing to her. "I am so delighted to see you. I have long wished for an opportunity te-speak to you, and I have a't last gotten it l' Mabel said nothing; but the modest blush. rising to her cheek gave him encouragement to proceed, so he con tinued,.' Yb'u, dear Mabel, are the first, the only woman who ever inspired me with the thought of love-the only woman whom I have ever loved-the first who ever taught me ne. longer to deride.the'romajncist'~ page, the poet's verse, in which love is depicted as a diety having a sway over every heart; and you were the first wheoe peerless beauty cast a veritable spell about my heart,. and plunged me into tlMat roseate drearnyin which one walks. with the senses enthrnlled, but the eyes open! Can you reciprocate that feeling? At least, your sileilP 's" me-I am not distasta-fi , you. jEt ac~Beed; a?nd Mabel, seeing , \ ws necessary she should say sn"j1 thing, replied, 'No, Harry, SDou are not distasteful to me, but your remarks "ust now have taken me y sur , . cannot deny whaty"''o mere than Harry, and." has been long in ycur th,?ing.' c My darling,' he said, clasping hir h'and in his; ' you give me new lifet . .I shall now have an aim in the future .that aim being your happjiness I You are oaware I am the younger Bon,'-and though I a.m sure the provision my father wil). make for me will be libeial, et8it 2s nebessya y I, Bd devoe my self to some profession, which I will do now with new vi.our !' 'Let us go in,' said Mabei, ? as our absence will be noticed. We can speak further of this another day,'. After one fond embrace, the young couple separated with lighter hearts than ever they had experienced for many weeks. Harry's distracted mind during the rest of the evening gave the others an opportunity to indulge in well-meant raillery till the party broke up, when, on the magistrate taking leave of them, he said, 'Next time you come here we must invite your lady-love, to prevent your brains from going wool-gathering while you are with us ' But he did not dream that his daughter was at the window of one of the upper rooms watching Harry's departure. (T2o be Conati)ce) 