MARTIN DEVERIL'S DIAMOND. A NOVEL. By Adeline Sergeant, Author of " Jacobi'b Wife," &o;, CHAPTER LI. WHAT CICELY SAID. "Do yon know, .daddy, I've something to tell you!" "Have yon, Will? Out with it, then." "I wonder whether you'll be angry." aaid Will, reflectively. Giles Kinglake laughed. " I don't feel as if I could be angry with anybody .to-day," he said. For the weary while of his imprisonment had come to its natural end, Carnforth's story had exonerated him; the prison doors had opened—he was free once more. And this was the first day of his return home, and he was devoting himself to Will, whom he had not seen since the day of his arrest. As for Will it seemed as if he never could be tired of gazing at his father with admiring, loving eyes, of holding his hand, and being cradled in Kinglake's strong arms. No one was admitted to their conference. They sat in the library, and rejoiced in each other's presence, and were oblivious of the outer world. Will, at least, was oblivious; his father, perhaps, not so muoh so. Giles was somewhat changed from his old self. There were more lines upon his brow, more grey hairs mingling with the brown of his hair and beard than before that dreary sojourn of his in Newgate. He had lost flesh, and looked like a man who had undergone a considerable trial of nerve and spirit. His friends wanted him to go abroad and take a long holiday, but he had returned them somewhat doubtful and discouraging answers. " I have a lot of time to make up, he said, with a shake of his head. "One has plenty of spare time in Newgate, but one doesn't feel inclined to sit down and write a book there. Better if one did. But I'm all behind, and mnst wake up, for Master Will's sake." With Will in his arms, however, he looked like himself again. And as they sat thus, Will had mentioned, with some show of reluc tance and reserve, that be had a thing to say unto his father. " Go on then," said GileB. " Daddy, you're quite sure you love me ?" "Quite." " Better than anybody in the world ?" " Well—yes." "That's all right," said Will in a reassured tone. "Then you won't mind what I'm going to tell you. Father, Mies Cicely Lor raine came to see me when you were away." " Very kind of her, Will," "I don't think that it was kind at all," Eaid Will sturdily. " Eh ? Why not, old boy ?" " Because it was all her fault," said Will, with a sudden catch in hie voice; " because if you hadn't been going to see her, you never would have been accused of killing anybody, and "Will." The boy stopped short at the sound of his father's voice; it was quiet, calm, gentle as usual, but it was also grave and cold. He caught his breath again and listened. "Will. Never let me hear you say any such thing again. It is foolish; it is un manly; itisungentleman-like. MisB Lorraine to blame, indeed ! Why, my dear little lad, you must be dreaming.,r Hie gravity died away; he laughed a little aB he concluded, and kissed the boy's fore head, " You're an abBurd little monkey," he said. "But I told her so," said Will, in a whisper. " Told her so ? Told her that it was her fault?" " Yes, father." There was a little silence. Will dared not look at his father's face. The pause seemed like an eternity to him. " Oh," said Giles presently. Then in a dry tone" I suppose you apologized after wards." " No. I didn't," Will answered, still below I his breath. " And I don't want to, either." He rather expected to find himself put down out of his father's arms upon the sofa after that response; perhaps he would have 1 been under other circumstances, but Giles could not be angry with him just then. " So you've left that part of the business for me to do, have yon ?'' he said somewhat grimly, after another pause. "You, . father?" Of course. If yon won't apologize for rudeness to a lady, I must." And Giles stretched out his hand for a sheet of writing paper. It waB only a feint on his part, for he could not have written withont putting Will away from his knee, and he made no attempt to do this. But Will was of coarse deceived. " Oh, daddy," he cried, " I'll do it. I'll tell her I'm very sorry." "And I hope you are very sorry," said Giles, trying to manage a little severity of tone. "Yes, I think so." Will was evidently not very sure. " But—daddy—wasn't it really true ?" " Certainly not. No more than it was your own fault, Will. Who begged me to go down to Ladywell and present Miss Lorraine with that rosary ? The matter came in the natural course of events: nobody was to 1 blame' for it. Come, my boy, don't cry." For Will had suddenly burst into tears, and j was clinging to his father's neck as if he conld never bear to let him go. Kinglake felt remorseful for the words which he nim- - self hsd spoken without very much thought; . and did not leave off petting and soothing . the boy till he was calm again. By-and-by, however, he led Will on to talk a little more about Miss Lorraine. "Was Miss Lorraine very much vexed with you 1" " No, i don't think so," said Will. " She cried. But we got to be very good friends, although I didn't apologise, father, I asked her to come again." "I shouldn't think she did—if you had been so impertinent." " Oh, but she did. She liked coming. She liked talking about you, daddy." GileB kept silenoe. " She said," oontinued Will, clinging lov- - ingly to his father's neck, " that she thought you were the best man in all the world. And bo you are." " Far from it. Will." "Yes you are. And she thinks so too. But I could not help telling her what I thought." " I'm very sorry you did that, Will," said GileB, gravely: although he little guessed the lengths to which Will nad gone in the com munication of his views to Cicely. " It was no business of yours, you know. Miss Lorraine is a friend of mine. " Yes. so she eaidj" murmured Will. "And I told her you said she was a sweet and. gracious lady." "You're a sad chatterbox," said his father. - "I shall have to make humble apologies to MIbb Lorraine, I see, tor your indiscretions."' And then he changed the subject, but he did not easily forget what Will had stud. He had had a good deal to think of during the last few days; a succession of eventB of the greatest interest to him had naturally occupied much of his attention. His own re lease had of course been one of them; there had also been Lady Eleanor's disappearance from Ladywell, and Clifford Vargrave's death, caused by his murderous attempt to drown his enemy, Philip Lorraine. Then ho had learnt that Lady Eleanor was ill at Hensley's Hotel, and that Mrs. Le Breton was nursing her; and that Philip if not actually in attendance, was at any rate always at the same place. In this case he could not wonder that he had heard nothing very lately from Ladywell; he had not seen - Philip since the day when he had been Obliged to attend in order to give certain evidence to the authorities, ana even Mr. Anthony Lorraine seemed to have forgotten him, Of course Cicely could not write. He did not wont to hear from her, he told him self uneasily ; it would be better for him to hear no more of auy of the Lorraines or of Ladywell; he would go abroad with Will, and make himself happy in some out-of-the- - way part of Europe, where nobody would in terfere with the quiet life thathe loved. The. south of France, Italy, Cairo, places such as these, would suit Will and himself. He • was decidedly out of tune; a change would do him all the good in the world. He gave his orders to Hannah; he imbued Will with a wild desire to travel in foreign ■ lands; he began to pack np his books and papers. And then the thought took posses sion of him that he could not leave hie native country without saying farewell to Lady well Was it to Ladywell or to one of its inhabi tants? He did not eay a word to Will about his • expedition. But one afternoon—by some freak of fancy be chose the very train by which he had last gone down to Ladywell— he set off for the place with which eo many of his life's joys and sorrows were connected, in order to see it, as he eaid to himself onoe again—for the last time. He would never come again. He reached the station—he did not shirk; the familiar road, nor the well-known wood, which would henceforth be known as the scene of Le Breton's murder by Joel Brav. As he reached the gate he noticed that a change was already taking, place. Some of the trees were felled—there were piles of branches on the ground ; in the. distance the ringing strokes of an axe could be heard. " It looks as if she meant to have it out down," said GileB to himself. "Poor Brale Wood! I often searched it for birds' nests and wild orchids in the spring. It will give pleasure to nobody now, I suppose. There is a trail of blood over the springing grasses, and the birds have all been scared From their nests in the alder trees. Better,, perhaps, that it should perish from the face of the earth. It is strange how reluctant I feel at this moment to go down that path myself. One wonld think that I dreaded to meet poor Le Breton's ghost at the end of it. I muBt conquer this. He pushed open the gate resolutely and walked down the path with a grave and. steadfast face. He recognised the place, where he himself had struck Le Breton to the earth for some insulting sentence about Cicely; he knew from description the very spot where Joel Bray sprung upon his enemy, where Clifford Vargrave had watched the fray, and afterwards had robbed the dying man, where Carnforth had hidden her self and spied upon them all. He paused when he came near the gate into the park,, and looked baek. The scene waB full of vague, undeveloped beauty. Winter waB. going; the first flush of early spring had egnn to colour the branches; the sunlight played amongst the delicate interlacing boughs, between which the faint blue of the sky Bhowed itself without a cloud. It was one of those mild and cheerfnl days that come to us when we are expecting nothing but the rigour of cold east wind and frost and snow, the sunshine of which seems more kindly and more beautiful than the glow of a July noon, because we have, expeoted it less, and scarcely hoped for it at alL Giles was so much absorbed in thought that he did not hear the sound of a footstep behind him, the rustle of a woman's dress. He did not move for some time, and it was with a heavy sigh that he at last turned round and laid his band upon the gate. And then he found himself face to face with Cicely Lorraine. " Cicely !" he said in his surprise. Then he remembered himself and flushed with embarrassment and vexation, He had never called her by her Christian name before. " I beg your pardon," he said, lifting his bat ceremoniously. But she held out her hand to him with a look that told him he had no need to ask pardon; she had not been offended by his breach of good manners; her face was full of a joy that made it beautiful to behold. " Need I say that I am glad to see yon ?" she said,, as she gave him her hand. Ho pressed it gratefully, but his eyes fell. He felt himself guilty and miserable in her nresence—knowing what he meant to do, and beingresolvedtodn.it. Lt "Come away from here," she said, and walk with me through the park. " You are having some of the treeB cut down, I see." "Iam having the whole wood cut down. In a few weeks there will not be a trace of it left. I will not have a single landmark by which one can know where—where that; terrible thing took place." There was a momentary silence; and then ■* Giles spoke, with some emotion in his voice. " Your faith in me was a great help, Miss Lorraine. But for your belief in me—yours, and Philip's, and my boy's—what should I have done?" „ , " Of course we believed m you, said Cicely. " How could we help it?" " It is very good of yon to say so. Every body did not. You are taking me up to the house, Miss Lorraine. May I go instead to my favourite place—the children's gardens ?" " Perhaps you wonld like to go alone." " No. 1 should like you to go with me, if you will." They walked on for a time in silence, until they came to the little plots of ground where j i u-5 -1 a „u:i Giles and his Bisters hatl played in childhood. beautifully tended. The gardens were all There were snowdrops and crocuseB growing in them, and a breath of fragrance told of the presence of violets in the shade of the haw thorn bosh. Then Giles forced himself to say what he had come to say. " This is my last look. I wanted to see them again—and you. 1 wanted to thank you for your kindness. But—I am going away with Will to liveoutof England, probably for years. He idid not actually look at her, but he knew that her face had turned very^ale. She shivered as if a cold wind had' blown between them, and then she said quietly— "Why?" That little monosyllable was difficult to answer. Giles hesitated. " It will be good for Will. He is delicate. And I think I want a change too. The last few weeks have been very trying to us both. It will be good for me too, I hope, as well as for Will, to get away." " And for me?" said Cicely. She never knew how or why she said it; she only knew that the spectacle of her own future desolation drove her to desperate ventures. She said the wordst and looked him in the face for a moment with white lips and wide, grieving, reproachful eyes. And then came a rush of crimson to her pale cheekB, a flood of tears to her eyes. She turned away and hid her face in her hands. " You ?" said GileB. And then, almost before he knew what he was doing, he had drawn her into his arm. "Cicely, I must go," he said. " Then you must take me with yon," she \- answered, with a mingled sob and laugh, which was as sweet in Giles's ear as the cooing of a wood-pigeon. For she felt safe and satisfied, with Giles's arm round her, and his lips pressing her forehead, which was all that he could see of that sedulously hidden face. She had even spirit enough to be saucy, for she murmured immediately afterwards, " Why did you come to tell me if you meant to leave me behind ?" "You thought I should 'love and ride away ?' Cicely, my darling. That is exactly what I meant to do. But I oan't leave you, I find. And yet " "Yet yon are half Bony that you came down to Ladywell at all," said Cioely, lifting her head from the resting-place that it had found. " You know, Cicely," he said, gently, "it is never pleasant for a man to seem to be living on his wife's bounty. It is yonr wealth that nas stood between us; the very fact of your possessing my old home. The world will say —" " Never mind what it says. Do I live to hear you, the man of high ideals and large • culture, talking about what the world will say ?" asked Cicely, with a bewitching mix ture of fun and earnest. " I am ashamed of you. And as for me, the world will be jnst as censorious; for it will say that 1 was only too glad to join myself to the old family and become one of the real old Kinglakes I And, in my case, the world won't be far wrong," " My dear little girl," he said, "if yon understand me and believe in me"— " We can afford to let the world go by. But," Bbe said, with a sudden blush and an inclination to hide her face again, "I conld not have spoken as I did but for the remem brance of that day—the day when I last saw you—and I have never told anybody, bnt I could not forget it. And I hope you don't think me very bold and unmaidenly." " Look up, my darling," said Giles, smiling. " and let me do again what 1 did then, and what I have repented doing ever since—till now." She looked up, and he kissed her on the lips, as he had kisBed her on the day when they parted many weeks before. She had lived upon the memory of that kiBS, and a whispered word or two, ever since; but no body had ever learnt the secret of those whispered words, that stolen caress. They had told her that he loved her, and her own heart had responded to the touch; but as long aB she could not see him she had doubted almost as much as she had hoped. " Repented it ?" said Cicely, " Yes, love; because I had such a wrecked and ruined life to offer you. Is not the stain upon me even worse than the brand of poverty ?" " There is no Btain upon you; yon are honoured for your courage and for your suffer ing. Why should you talk about a stain? And I will not heae a word more about your poverty; you are not poor: you have the brain, the will, the capacity that 1 lack, and yon will have need of them; for you are the master of Ladywell Priory now, and I have nothing to do with it, I abdicate." He stood grave, irresolute. He did not like the thought of receiving gifts, even from his wife's hand; bnt Cicely knew how to change the current of his thonghts. " Think of Will's coming here," she said. ' " How he will enjoy the gardens, Giles! When the summer comes he can lie on the lawn in the ennsbine, and drive about with • us through the country lanes. Oh, I am sure he will learn to love Ladywell—and me, too, , perhapB, though at present, you know, he nates us both 1 " Not you, my darling." " At any rate he doeB not like the thought • of sharing you with anybody else; you must ' let him understand that I shall never come between him and you, GileB; you will be to him all yon have ever been before—and he mnst put np with me as well." "There is no fear but that he will soon learn to love you," said Giles. " I must con fess, Cicely, that 1 was wretched at the thought of leaving England." "It was very wrong of you, sir," said Gioely, giving him a sweet look, "In faos, we nearly mismanaged the whole matter; and if I had not had a little more sense than yon—" "We should have been miserable for life, I mnst not forget," said Giles, gravely, "that the proposal came from yon. " indeed, it did no each thing 1" cried Cicely, with audacious mendacity, and then they went back to the honse as happy as two people well can be in this Bublunary world. " Will," Baid his father to him that night, " you need not pack up yonr cariosities just yet. We are not going abroad until a little later in the year." " Why not, daddy ?" "I've made a different arrangement. I may be away from yon for a few days in March, but not for long. Then we will have a long, pleasant excursion together to all the places we want to see—Borne and Yenioe and the Bhino—eh, old fellow ?" "That will be delightful," said Will; thoughtfully. Then he twisted himself round and looked eagerly into his father's face. " What has made you change your Elans? Why do you look so different—so appy ? What have you been doing, father ?" " I have been asking somebody else to come with us, Will. Don't be afraid, my laddie; she will not make me love you one bit the less. And you will love her too, Will—first for my sake, and then for her own." " It's Miss Lorraine. I suppose," said Will, pulling at a button of his father's coat, and keeping his eyes fixed on that." "Yob, it's Miss Lorraine." Then therewas a short silence. " I'd just as soon it was Miss Lorraine as anybody," said Will by-and-by, with a little twitching of his features, and a tear on his eyelasheB, " because she is pretty and nice —but then, daddy, dear, she ib so rich!" " That was my own objection," said Giles, inadvertently. " What, when she asked you ?" asked Will, brightening up. " You stupid boy, ladies don't ask gentle men to marry them." "Don't they? Oh, I thought they did sometimes. And it is Leap Year," quoth Will, innocently. "Are you quite sure she didnt, father? Why, jrou're colouring up quite red 1 Oh, well I"—in a tone of extreme satisfaction—"I don't mind at all if it was she that asked you first? Of course, you couldn't say ■No."' 